V ? -"- -r---r-THENEWSv n"MPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR..LVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY G, 1919BOURBONYOUNG WOMAN ATTEMPTS SUICIDE BY TAKING CARBOLIC ACID.After having- spent "several moments laughing- and talking- withsome friends in the office at the Dotcon & Denton Garage, on Highstreet, where she was employed, MissjLutie Crowe, aged seventeen, took adose of carbolic acid, presumablywith sucicidal intent, about fouro'clock yesterday afternoon.The girl's attempt was observed"by several employes of the garage,who reached her too late to preventthe act. She was placed in an autoand rushed to the office of Dr. Chas.G. Daugherty, where the stomachpump was applied and emetics administered. She was later removedto the Massie Memorial Hospital. Itis thought she will recover. No reason for the act is known. Miss Crowehad for some time been in the employ of the Paris Home TelephoneCo. as operator, resigning that position to accept a place in the office ofthe Dotson & Edington garage..ASK FOR BITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)MAY COURT DAY.There was a good attendance yesterday, May Court Day, but not muchin the way of business going on.The big crowd simply mulled aroundand around from one place to another, with no apparent object inview, and trading was rather light.A few mules on the market changed ;hands at fair prices. The usual runof Court day stock occupied the attention of the small traders, and several transactions in horses weremade.The day was a noteworthy one,from the fact that the leather-lungeditinerant religious exhorter, the patent medicine faker and the rampantsoap box orator were all conspicuousby their absence. We surely missedthem, but the calm and peace thatprevailed in their stead was all themore welcome. Merchants reportgood business and collections Terygood. There .was a very manifestdisappointment voiced by the bigcrowd over the non-apearance of thePlying Circus. )FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWatch Our WindowsFRIDAYandSATURDAYSILKDRESSESGEORGETTE ANDSILK$15,00FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileFLYING CIRCUS TO-MORROWThat is the latest informationPublicity Secretary Rudolph Davishas received regarding the FlyingCircus. If no further hinderancesintervene the aeroplanes will be hereto-morrow and give . an exhibitionover Paris in the morning. The planeswill land at a selected place at theJ. T. Hinton farm, on; the North Middletown pike, from where the flightswill be made. Several applicants hasasked permission to make a flight inthe machines, but it is'not yet knownwho will go "up in the air." Aftermany disappointments it is hoped tomorrow will really see the originalprogram carried out;Publicity Secretary. Rudolph Davistelephoned THE NEWS yesterdaythat he had paid a visit to the aviation field, the Lebus farm, necr Lexington, where the Flying Circus ismaking headquarters, and that theprospects for Paris people seeing themachines in action before Wednesdaywas a very slim one. Two of the flying machines were - .undergoing repairs caused by breaks sustained inthe recent heav weather. The aviators told him they hoped to be overParis, Wednesday, and if not then,either Thursday, Friday or Saturday.It's simply a case of patiencewatch and wait, with chances evenlydivided between watching and waiting! oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)oCALL FOR REPUBLICAN MEETINGThe Republicans of Paris andBourbon county are requested tomeet at the court house, in Paris,on next Saturday, MaylO, at twoo'clock, p. m. The meeting will befor the purpose of selecting delegatesand alternates to the RepublicanState Convention to be held at Lexington on May 16.N. A. MOORE,County Chairman.oQUICK SUPPLY FOR EVERY-DAYNEEI PRICES RIGHT,v COME AND SEE.All kinds of house and barn paints,varnish, buggy and' auto paint:screen doors and windows, creamseparators; harness of all kinds.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.& CO.DeliveryKNIGHTS OP COLUMBUS INSTALLp. i. McCarthy coun- "CIL SUNDAY.Sunday the city of Paris was invaded by a peaceful host on a peaceful mission, the invading hosts beingthe members of the Knights of Columbus order, their wives, daughtersand sweethearts, making in all acrowd estimated at about one thousand: The object of the visit was theinstallation of a new Council of theorder, named after the late Mr. P. I.McCarthy, one of Paris' most progressive and public-spirited citizens.Following their wonderful achievements of the battlefields of Prance,and in this country during theworld-war, the Knights of Clumbuscaptured this city Sunday without ashot being fired, except the brilliantvolleys of oratory delivered at thebanquet held in the court house basement at night. The day was givenover to the initiation of ninety-seven,members of the new Council andthe installation of the officers.A special train from Covingtonover the Louisville & Nashville at11:10 brought about five hundredmembers of the nrdAr frnm ,r!rvinrTon, Newport, Ludlow, Latonia andCincinnati, while others came fromLouisville, and other points in theState. Lexington sent a large delegation in two special cars over theInterurban lines. A line of marchwas formed, proceeding from theTenth street passenger station of theLouisville & Nashville down Main tothe court house, from where theyspread out, to take in different pointsof interest in the city.In the afternoon the work of installation was taken up, and the following officers were placed in theirrespective positions, the work beingunder the supervision of DistrictDeputy J. J. Donovan, of Ludlow;Edward H. Gorey, Grand Knight; J.F. McCarthy, Deputy Grand Knight;J. M. O'Connell, Financial Secretary;Richard T. Welling, Treasurer;Henry J. Santen, Sr., Chancellor,- WvL. Keller, Warden; William Grannan. Advocate; John R. Roche, Inside Guard; J. T. Kane, OutsideGuard; George L. Doyle, J. J. Gro-sche, M. J. Lavin, Trustee; Rev.Eugene DeBruyn, Chaplain.Following the" "initiatory exercisesat the Masonic Temple, the newlyelected members and their guestspartook of a splendid banquet in thebasement of the court house, prepared by the ladies of the Paris Catholic church. About five hundredcovers were laid, and the viands wereserved by forty young women of thechurch. The tables were beautifullydecorated, and the guests, havinghad their annetites sharpened by thelong hours at the installation and inOTtluaiory wors, am aiuyie jusaiue uuthe delicous menu, "composed of thefollowinfi. Grapefruit cocktail,olives, radishes, pickles, roast youngchicken Bourbon county old ham,potatoes au gratin, French peas intimbales, combination salad withFrench dressing, beaten biscuit,home-made hot rolls, brick cream,individual cakes, coffee, mints, cigarettes. During the banquet an orchestra rendered a selected program.When the inner man had beenfully satisfied 'the following interesting program was carried out, withMr. Edward H. Gorey acting as toastmaster, and Mrs. Bernard J. Santen,of Lexington, at the piano:"Somewhere A Voice Is Calling"Miss Julia Woods.Address, "Knights of ColumbusIn The War" Hon. Wm. A. Geoghe-gan."Kiss Me Again" Miss MargaretBenckart.Address, "The Home Council"Rev. Jas. L. Gorey."God Be With Our Boys Tonight"Miss Mattie Elder.Address, "The Doughboy" Hon.Matt J. Hennessey."Little Mother of Mine" MissLouise Keller.Address, "One Million Members In1919" John J. Donovan.The work, of initiating the largeclass of members in the new Councilwas in charge of Blue Grass Council,of Lexington, . who administered thefirst and second degrees to the candidates, the third degree being demonstrated bv District Deputies John J:Donovan and M. J. Rohan, and theirstaff, of Ludlow. The new memberswho took the several degrees Sundaywere as follows:Burke, Edw. L Paris Ky.Burke, James Paris, Ky.Burns. Jno. P Centerville, Ky.Burns, Thos. A Centerville, Ky.Brophy, Edw. A Fans, Ky.Cummins, Lawrence Carlisle, Ky.Cain, Jas. P Carlisle, Ky.Campbell, Francis P Paris, Ky.Clark, Harry B Paris, Ky.Clarke, Jno. F Louisville, Ky.Connell, Jas. W Paris, KyConnell, Jno. J Paris, Ky.Connell, J. Thornton Paris, Ky.Conley, Wm Carlisle, Ky.Dean, Jno. P Paris, Ky.Daily, Dan Paris, Ky.Dempsey, Jas. B Paris, Ky.Donohue, Henry F Cynthiana, Ky.Doyle, Cornelius P 1 Paris, Ky.Doyle, Geo. L Paris, Ky.Fay, Jno. B Cynthiana, Ky.Fister, Fred M Paris, Ky.Flanagan, Jno. M Paris, Ky.Gorey, E. H Paris, Ky.Gleason, Thos. H Paris, KyGrannon, Wm Paris, Ky.Grosche, Henry J Paris, Ky.Grosche, Jos. J Paris, Ky.Hart, Jno. L Cynthiana, Ky.Hennessy, Jno. A Paris, Ky.Jordan, Dan Paris, Ky.Kane. John T Paris. Kv.J Kane, Wm. E tParis, Ky.! Keller, Thos Paris, Ky.I KeUer .Wm. Leo Paris, Ky.Keller, Thos Poindexter, Ky?jLangfels, John Jerome Paris, Ky.Lavm, Michael J Paris, Ky.Lavin, Albert Paris, Ky.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRz COUNTRY..A number of Bourbon boys recently discharged from the serviceparticipated in the Victory Loan parade at Carlisle, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Hornback, formerly of Carlisle, but now residentsof Paris, are in receipt of a telegramstating that their soir, Melvin Hornback, had arrived in New York after eight months service with theAmerican Expeditionary Forces, inFrance.Mrs. G. M. Jones, of Millersburg,left Friday for Norfolk, Va., to meether husband, George Morton Jones,who recently landed there from overseas. Jones was one of the first ofthe Millersburg boys to enlist in theU. S. service in. the navy department.He wilt be stationed at the Norfolknavy yard permanently.Robert Fitzgerald, of the U. S.Navy, formerly assistant pharmacistit the People's Pharmacy, in thiscity, is here on a seven-days' furlough to visit friends and relatives.Young Fitzgerald enlisted in thenavy branch of the service when thecall to the colors first went out. Hewill be stationed on the U. S. S.Missouri, at Hampton Roads, on hisreturn to duty on May 13.When the IT. S. transport "Finland" landed at Hoboken, N. J., afew days ago, there was no happierperson descending the gangplankamong the hundreds of returnedsoldiers than Private Leo J .Groshe,of Paris. Young Grosche had beenin overseas service for over a yearwith the Telegraphers' Batallion ofthe 416th Railroad Signal Corps, andhad been stationed at various timesclose to the battlefront. vIn a letterto his brother, Joseph J. Grosche, inthis city, Leo stated that he wasrely glad to see the good oldmerican lana again, ana mai neoped he would never "have to returnthe Old World again.WOOL WANTED.rWill pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(22-5t)-oK. OF C. EMBLEMS.Emblems, Charms, Rings andPins.SHIRE & F1THIAN.(may6-2t)o"THE ROSE MAIDEN."Paris is anxiously, awaiting theperformance of "The Rose Maiden"which is to be produced here Thursday night by the combined choirs ofthe Paris and North Middletownchurches. The members of the cast-and the chorus have been diligentlyand faithfully rehearsing for severalweeks. Mr. A. L. Boatright willhave direction of the production.Mr. Ernest Davis, leading tenor forthe Chicago Grand Opera Company,will take the principal part. No admission will be charged and no offering will be taken. The cantata willbe given in the Paris Christianchurch, and repeated the next nightin the North Middletown church.Lennox, Frank Paris, Ky.Lenihan, Frank J -Pans, Ky.Luig, Henry J Cynthiana, Ky.Lyons, Harry B -Paris, Ky.McCarthy, Jno. F .-Pans, Ky.McCarthy, Chas. B -Lexington, Ky.McGinley, Jno Pans, Ky.McWilliams, Geo. M Pans, Ky.Mahany, Dan., Sr Paris, Ky.Mahany, Dan J., Jr Pans, Ky.Merringer, Wm Paris, Ky.Minogue, Jno. T Pans, Ky.Minogue, Wm. J Paris, Ky.Minogue, Mathew R aT3 KJMinogue, Joseph Dayton, U.Midden, L. M Cynthiana, Ky.Midden, H. F Cynthiana, Ky.Midden, E. B -Lair, Ky.Murphy, M. J, Paris, Ky.O'Connell, James M Paris, Ky.O'Connell, -Michael Carlisle, Ky.O'Connell, Jno. Thomas.Midway, Ky.O'Neal, Martin Paris, Ky.O'Neal, Victor Pans, Ky.Reister, D. Leo Cynthiana, Ky.Reister, Jos. H Cynthiana, Ky.Richer, Jno. A Cynthiana, Ky.Roche, John R Paris, Ky.Rourke, Jno. P., Sr Pans, Ky.Rourke, Jno. P., Jr Pans, Ky.Ruggles, Robert C Paris, Ky.Ryan, Wm Pans, Ky.Santen, H. J. Sr Pans, Ky.Santen, Henry J. Jr Pans, Ky.Santen, Herman R Paris, Ky.Shannon, Henry East Pans, Ky.Shannon, Michael East Pans, Ky.Shea, Robert E Pans, Ky.Shea, Jas. H Pans, Ky.Sheehan, Jno. Edward Paris, Ky.Sheehan,' Edward Paris, Ky.Simons, Chas. A Carlisle, Ky.Simons, James B Carlisle, Ky.Sweeney, Michael C Paris, Ky.Tol)in, Claude Paris, Ky.Toohey, Geo Paris, Ky.Toohey, John Paris, Ky.Toohey, Thomas Pans, Ky.Toohey, James BJ. Paris, Ky.Thistler, J. Frank Paris, Ky.Welsh, Edward J Paris, Ky.Wellimr. Richard T Paris, Ky.Woods, Edward A Paris, Ky.Woods, Baldwin Paris, Ky.Woods, John Roger Paris, Ky.Woods. Thos. A Paris, Ky.Woods. Edward J Paris, Ky.Woods, Chas. L Cynthiana, Ky.INTERESTING OIL NOTESIt is reported that the McCombsProducing & Refining Company andLocal Oil & Gas Company, operatingon me itena Jbmtcner lease, havecompleted No. 17, which is estimatedat 250 barrels;The. McCombs Producing and Refining Company and the Local Oiland Gas Company, expect No. 10, onthe Delia Hargis trect, in by themiddle of this week. Nos. 18 and19, belonging to the same companies.on the Butcher lease, will be broughtin nexi weeK.The Phoenix Oil Company, recently incorporated at $1,500,000, hasopened offices in Louisville, with Secretary W. H. Giltner, formerly ofParis, in charge. This is the company which took over the originalJohnson lease, in the Johnson. dooI.Allen county, and also owns 550acres adjoining the Johnson lease.The total acreage of the company inAllen county is 6,000, all pronouncedgood holdings.oDISCHARGED SOLDIER DOES ALITTLE BOMBARDING.Charles B. McFeeney, a dischargedsoldier, armed with a big service revolver, caused a panic on. Mainstreet, between Eighth and Ninth,about six o'clock Saturday night,when he proceeded to "go over thetop" in a charge of the most militaryfashion. It was alleged by bystanders and eye-witnesses that forthe space of fully fifteen minutesMcFeeney owned all the territory insight and was complete master- ofthe block. Retiring to Pleasantstreet, it was stated by the police, hebegan firing his revolver, which before he had used only in dummy warfare, flourishing and pointing itHearing the racket Sheriff Wnu G.McClintock, hurried to the scene.which was close to his home.and placed McFeeney under arrest.He was locked up on charges o beingdrunk, disorderly conduct, and discharging firearms in the city limits.A CRYFROM THErooms:REDCROSSvve nave Dei'ween ztv ana 300 gar -ments to be finished by the 14th.Unless we can get outside help, thiscan t he done. Any woman who iswilling to belp- can call at the roomsin the cburt house and take a bun.-die home to make 2, 4, 6 garmentsr.1""' " ouo -" ""1BU x medate namedDon t let Kentucky fail to go overthe top. Her quota o f 80,000 isnpnrlv f5-n?c-Qt T?n-r--c. -vr-r mrnmr.Rooms open everyday this week.1 -WE KNOW MW"BLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOUWILL FIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY FAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND TT.TFITTING AFTER A FEW WEEKS WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS FINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL$25.00 to $50.00-NOTHING NICER FOR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INFANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHEtB CHECKS, SHEPARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND FJJ0T MK; SNAPPY STYiaSS FOR THE YOUNG FELLOW PANEL BACK,CLOSE FITTING OOATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.MITCHELL k BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsSlecs.? HatsCOMMENCEMENT EXERCISES ATMILLEBSBUR& MILITARYINSTITUTEOne of the most enjoyable annualevents in Bourbon county is the commencement exercises of the Millersburg Military, Institute, which each,year attracts to that pretty littletown hundreds of visitors and formergraduates of the Institute, who mturn to -renew the friendship begunin the long ago days of college 'life.The commencement exercises this,year will be held from May 14 to 16,when the following program will beobserved:Wednesday, May 14 Lawn Fetefour to seven p. m., on the M. M. I.Campus. sTjhursday, May 15, 9:00 a. m.Exhibition and Competitive Drill bythe Cadet Corps, on the M. M. I. Campus. Thursday, May 15, 2:30 p. m.Ball Game, on 3VI. M. I. Campus.Thursday, May 15, 8:30 p. m.-Play, "The Rustic Minstrels," bCadets, M. M. J. Drill Hall.Friday, May 16, 10:30 a. lm.-rGraduation Exercises and Address byRev. Dr. A. W. Fortune, M. M..IDrill Hall.The Class of 1919 is composed of.the following fourteen young men, "air of whom have attained high honors in their class:Carl Henry Bruner, Ralph LuteGarner, Coleman Dillard Hunter,Richard Bush Hunter, James HenryHopkins, Richard Hopkins, HenrySmiser Lake, Cecil Wood Oldham,Theodore Davenport Phillips, Thoma3Carr Piatt, Byron McClelland Smith,Percy Wilson Grover Suit, RobertHughes Scobee, Paul Best Yates.oRUGS AND CARPETS CLEANEDIN MODERN STYLEDon't worry about your rugs. Letus clean and refinish them. Newand modern machinery just installedfor that purpose. Ask those whohave tried our plant.(6-tf) LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.oTOMATO PLANTS EXTRA FINE.Extra fine and large tomato plants.These plants are far advanced andwill make make early tomatoes.(It) FARMERS STD7PLY CO., oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.. Tn-flav Tupartav Mav fi Lina.povaiiAH'in "Twa "RridP-" WilliamDuncan, in "The Man of Might;"nrn1 TTollnwar and Antonio MorauL: -- o iat anfenri nf 'ThP Tmti."V - .Test" Pathe Comedy. "Vj To-morrow, Wednesday, May 7. -.William Faversham, in "Tne saver jKing;" Bray Pictograph.Thnrdsv Mav Norma Tal-Trf in "Tho Forbidden Citv:" Ar- :made-fi. in "The Forbidden City:1T . ,.- .. -buckle Comedy, "Fatty's HoodooDay;" International News Feature..lt.f-'4vW'A")-rTAGE TWOTHE BOUEBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 11.I::t!!HENDERSON JUDGERENDERS DECISION"Trutona Proved fits Merit In MyCase," He Pirmly Avers.. .HENDERSON, KY., May 5.Judge J. L. Ferrill, 1612 Powellstreet, for the past two years hasoccupied the bench of the HendersonPolice Court, and during his nineteenyears residence in Henderson hasbec&me one of the city's well-knownandV highly respected men. He hasthe "following praise for Trutona:'Thave taken Trutona and it hascertainly proven its merit in mycase"I was troubled with catarrhalaffection of the head, nose andthroat. My nose was always stoppedup and I was annoyed by the dripping:' of mucus into my mouth. Myappetite was" very poor. Wateringof the eyes bothered me, too."Trutona has given me great relief n My nose is never stopped up.The" watering of my eyes has ceased.I've .noticed quite an improvement inmy appetite, too. ' I can safely recommend Trutona to all."Trutona is especially beneficial forstomach, liver and kidney troubles,and has given a. fine reconstructivetonic following -pneumonia, influenza,nard colds arid the like'Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris by G. S. Varden' & Son. (adv)oBanana Facts.Bananas should not be put into a re'jWgerator. They should clever be allowed to get colder than 60 degrees.'A chill turns bananas black and presents proper ripening.There is more Catarrh in. this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable Catarrh is a local disease,srreatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requirescnr-itatutional treatment. Hall's Cata ti Medicine, -manufactured by F.J. r'heney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ( may-ad v)So far, the embattled reformersliave not started a drive against thepernicious habit of eating porkchops.m SHOE BILLSTNECESSARY! "It looks as if I would not be able;to wear out my shoes with NeolinS-Soles. They have been in servicer : about a year, and are still good," writes; W. C. Dickinson of New Haven, Conn.It is natural that shoes with NesfintSoles should wear a long time, forNeolin Soles give extra wear wheremostshoes wear out quickest., These long-lasting soles are made byScience to be especially tough and durable comfortable and waterproof, too.lib you want to save money on shoesbuy them with Neolin Soles. Good. shoe stores carry them in many styles'for men, women, and children. Andyou can have your old shoes re-bot-'tomed with Neolin Soles at any repairshop.Neolin Soles are made by The Good' year Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio,-who also make Wingfoot Heels guaranteed to outwear all other heels.Tleolia SolesNEW LAW TAXING SOET DRINKSNOW IN EFFECT.Soda water, ice cream, sundeas,root beer and all other soda fountaindrinks became taxable yesterday under the revenue act. Five and tencent drinks or dishes will be taxed1 cent, while 15 and 20 cent drinkswill be 2 cents. The tax will be collected from the purchaser unless thesoda fountain keeper chooses to reduce his prices to include the extratax item.These examples were given of taxable drinks when mixed and sold atthe fountain for consumption on thepremises:Orangeade, lemonade, pineapplejuice, coca cola, root beer, moxie,phosphates, fruit and flavoring sirupsmixed with carbonated water or plainwater, milk shakes, cream and eggshakes, ice cream, ice cream sodas,sundeas, ice cream sandwiches andflavored ices., These drinks are not taxable: Hotbeef tea, coffee, tea, buttermilk,milk, not chocolate, hot clam broth,tomato bullion and bottled drinks,sold direct from the container.Ice cream is not taxable when soldin containers to be carried away fromtne selling place to be eaten. Icecream cones are taxable. Bromoselzer, Rochelle salts, seidlitz powders, castor oil, epsom salts and similar medicines often served at sodafountain are not subject to the tax.Soda drink stands or push carts enterprises are subject to the tax, butrestaurants or other places servingice cream or soft drinks as an incidental feature of the business are notrequired to collect or to pay the tax.Church "socials" and clubs are exempt, but booths at county fairs, circuses or ball games must collect thetax.PARIS TESTIMONYHome Proof, Here, There and Everywhere.When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywherein 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thank Doan's. What other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honestyand truth? Home testimony must betrue or it could not be publishedhere. Read this Paris recommendation. Then insist on having Doan's.You will know what you are getting:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doanrs Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequently, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint.I think they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)FAMOUS CONEY ISLAND BOWERYDESTROYED BY FIREWith a loss estimated at $1,000,000 the famous Bowery at BrightonBeach, was wiped out Wednesday ina fire which developed into the mostspectacular blaze that Coney Islandhas known in years. Starting in andburning the big Brighton bathsstructure, other establishmentsknown to pleasure seekers, whichwent up in flames were the (Jasmo,Skating Rink, Shooting Gallery,Scenic Railway, Carousel and smallerbuildings lining the boardwalk. Theburned area covered between twelveand fifteen acres.OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has made scores of hisreaders from ?100 to $800 on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x25 inches wash drawingand a beauty free to agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The Journal is 16pages, .illustrated, now $2 per year,soon $5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)(HMfMJgJJJfInspiration Oil & Gas Co.(Incorporated)Authorized Capital $300,000Par Value $1.00 Per ShareOFFICERS.James Tandy Ellis, President. Adjutant General of Kentucky.A. F.: Wheeler, Vice President. President A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, Lexington and Paris, Ky.C. L. Hanks, Treasurer. Owner Special Shoe Company, Lexington, Ky.jM. Qon Forman, Secretary. Attomey-at-Law, Lexington, Ky.714 Inter-Southern Bldg., Louisville, Ky.Phone Main 886.Our Properties.r17? acres In Bfe Sinking Patriot, Lee comity, adjainiusrWrlgkt Oil Co'fl production andNailbiial Refining Oil Coa production on Flah&ren tract: weare! within 1,500 feet of 180-lbLwell and half-mile from Rexproperties. Rer stock has a maricet value of $230 par $10.Wright par value $L00. Marketvalue $3.25.2,175 acres In Beaver Creek district of Knott county. Oyer 500acres are In absolute proven oiland gau territory, adjoining: properties of Midas Oil and the Pennagrade Oil & Gas Co., who have contracted, to furnish the city of Louisville with gas from this district. Wehare a market for gas at $80.00 permillion cubic feet at the well. Agas well is as profitable as an oilwell.The management of thla company is in the hands of men who cannot 4afford to permit their names to be connected with other than ameritorious enterprise. iWe are offering a limited amount of stock at 80c per share, subject'to prior sale. After Ciis allotment Is sold, stock advances to par. XWire, Phone or Write for Reservations.Full information oh Request. X"r 't ! ! 'KKXX"K" .tMild9andyet:r -7m Tfr. B rSatistyihafsthewtdemii.ChesterfieldJfex CI GARETTSStIMPORTEDaDOMESTICtobaccos BlendedThe extra wrapper of glasskvpaper keeps 'em FreshFrequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.FOR RENT.House, stable, garden, and cow lot,on Cypress street. Immediate possession. (29-tf) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.Cottage For Sale.Has four rooms, hall, front andback poiches, storage room, waterin kitchen, electric lights and gas.This is a desirable little home andcentrally located. A bargafn if soldquick. Easy terms.D. Y. L. FARLEY.(29-3t) Both Phones 48.Found.Lost Reward.Lost, on the streets of Paris, aCircle Pin, set with sapphires andpearls. A reward will be paid if returned toMRS. OSCAR T. HINTON.(29-2t)FOR SALE ATLAST!On the streets of Paris, a gentleman's gold watch. Owner call on E.F. Ramey, 558 Vine street, proveproperty and pay for advertisement.Anything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First-National Bak.Both Phones, Paris, Ky.,The real estate firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsvlile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It ha3 the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right: Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSReal Estate Agents,Taylorsville, Ky.025-tf)iNotice to Telephone Users !By Act of Congress of the United States, bearing date of July 16,1918, the President was authorized to assume possession, supervision,operation and control of all Telegraph and Telephone Companies in theUnited States, and such possession, supervision, operation and controlwas assumed by the President, effective at midnight, July 31, 1918, to beexercised through the department of the Postmaster General. The Act ofCongress referred to provided -no apppropriation to take care of any deficits which might occur in the operation of the properties and the continued high cost of materials, as well as the necessity of wage adjustmentswith employes, have made such deficits imminent. In order to forestall, ifpossible, the calamity which would be occasioned by the necessity ofclosing any of the telephone exchanges, the Postmaster General has ordered that, effective May 1, 1919, the following schedule of rates beplaced in effect by this company:SCHEDULE 0E RENTAL RATES AUTHORIZED BY UNITED STATESTELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE ADMrNISTRATJON TOR THEPARIS HOME TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY, EEEECTIVE MAY 1, 1919:!PARIS EXCHANGE.Main Line Business $3.50 per monthTwo-Party Line Business 3.00 per monthMain Line Residence 2.00 per monthTwo-Party Line Residence . . . . 1.75 per monthFour-Party Line Residence 1.50 per monthRural Party Line Residence 1.75 per monthBusiness Extension 1.00 per monthResidence Extension 50 per monthExtension Bells .25 per monthBRANCH EXCHANGES.Main Line Business $2.75 per monthTwo-party Line Business 2.25 per monthMain Line Residence 1.65 per monthTwo-Party Line Residence 1.40 per, monthFour-Party Line Residence 1.25 per monthRural Party Line Residence 1.65 per monthBusiness Extension 1.00 per monthResidence Extension , 50 per monthExtension Bell 25 per monthAll bills for Rural Service within Bourbon County are payable atthe, office of the Company before the 15th day of each month for servicerendered for previous month.In placing this new schedule of rates in effect we desire to acknowledge our deep appreciation of the co-operation and good will whichhas existed between this Company and its patrons, which feeling we irustwill continue, and further to assure our patrons that every effort will beexerted to provide and maintain a high standard of telephone service. 'The largest portion of this increase goes to increase the salaries qour operators and other employes.Paris Home Telephone TelegrahCompany(Incorp orated)'J'. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.- " 7"" .'YWr--V"- v " y-"'" 'rj-11:3 4.? -TUESDAY, MAY 6 1919.THE BOTOBOII HEWS, EAUIS, KEHTUCIYfXGZNo Wastingof Bar Soap!NO decidedly no, whenGRANDMA is around.No bar soap lying inwater wastinga way No chipping,slicing or shaving off more than youneed. GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoap and it is Powdered. That'sthe big secret. You just measureout what you need, no more. Sprinkleit in the tub and presto just likemagic, millions of glorious, cleansingsuds in an instant. Then, the whitest,Larszer cieuuest, iresnest ciocnes mac everKow DUDS Q a wsh line.Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!AM!SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BARKSDALE HAMLET'S WIFEASKS FOR DIVORCE.TURNED THE LAND OUTMrs. Daisy Hamlett, wife of Barksdale Hamlett, former Superintendentof Public Instruction of Kentucky,and candidate for the Democraticaiomination. for Governor four yearsago, editor of the Adair CountyNews since October, 1917, filed a petition, in the office of the clerk of theAdair Circuit Court, praying for adivorce from her husband and 4,000alimony and the care and custody ofthree children, Edward C, aged 17years; Barksdale, Jr., 10, and Margaret 3. Her petition, states that herhusband is confirmed in the habit ofdrunkenness, which has increased inthe past few months. She states thatshe owns and has published theAdair County News since October,1917, and that defendant, BarksdaleHamlett, has charge of it most ofthe time, and he gets drunk, collectsand wastes the proceeds and. acts insuch a way toward the employes thatit is hard to keep them at work andthat she will not be able to get outthe next issue of the paper.oMany a father has received abJack eye from a black sheep son.In writing to Arthur Young, thegreat English farmer, Thomas Jefferson had the following to say concerning farming in Virginia in1793:"Good husbandry with us consistsin abandoning Indian corn and tobacco, tending small grain, some redclover, following, and endeavoringto have, when the lands are at rest,a spontaneous cover of white clover.I do -not present this as a culturejudicious in itself; but as good incomparison with what most peoplethere pursue."Later in the same letter Jeffersonemphasizes the very lasting qualityof virgin fertility by saying:"The highlands where I live havebeen cultivated about sixty years.The culture was Indian, corn as longas they would bring enough to pay4the labor. Then they were turnedout."The farmer's problem to-day is toreclaim much land which is badlyI worn.g ML. .,.., " agJBF'- S3? fff PTltT Jl KI HfiflK Ife? ismMrs. Edward Combs is a guestof friends and relatives in Tarentum, Pa.Miss Lucile Burris, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss Hazel Arnold,on High street.Mrs. John A. Bower entertainedat cards recently at her home onCypress street.Mrs. Fisher Collins and MissJulia Fronk, of Covington, areguests of friends near Paris.Mrs. Wm. F. Talbott has returned from a visit to her cousin, Mrs. J.T. Wallingford, in Covington.County Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood- has returnedfrom a business trip to Richmond.Messrs. Charles P. Mann, and W.C. Bell were in Cincinnati recentlyin the interest of the Lee-Kent OilCompany.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay andMrs. Robert M. Hopkins have returned from a visit to relatives in Cincinnati and Covington.Mrs. J. T. Martin is at homefrom a visit of several days to herdaughter, Mrs. Arthur Berry, andMr. Berry, in Lexington.Mrs. John T. Hinton has asguests at her home on High street,Mrs. Irvine, of Danville, and Mrs.Wakefield, of Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Dale anddaughter, Miss Lillian Harris Dale,spent last week in Covington asguests of relatives and friends.Misses Hazel Arnold and Elizabeth Rule have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Earl Smith, nearSimpsonville, in Shelby county.Mr. E. G. Stevenson has returned to his home at Myers, Ky., aftera visit to his niece, Mrs. J. T. Sharrard, and Rev. Sharrard, in this city.Mrs. Wm. L. James and little sonhave returned to their home in Winchester after a visit to her brother,Mr. A. R. Dennison, on Railroadstreet.Mrs. David Bachrach and children, of Little Rock, Arkansas, areguests at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein, onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel L. Ewalt,of Railroad street, had as guests forthe week-end Mrs. Wm. Sparks, Mrs.J. W. Jett and Mrs. J. L. Ammermanand little daughter, Miss Elizabeth,of Harrison county.Mr. James McClure has returnedfrom Battle Creek, Mich., where heaccompanied Mr. C. O. Hinton to theBattle Creek Sanitarium for treatment. He reports Mr. Hinton as being somewhat improved when he left.All the ladies of the Methodistchurch are cordially invited to attend the regular monthly meeting ofthe Missionary Society of the church,which will be held this (Tuesday)afternoon, in the church parlor, at2:30 o'clock.(Other Personals on Page 5)IKLS ! THICKEN AND "BEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRAND STOP DANDRUFF!$ry This! Your Hair GetsGlossy and Abundantat Once.Wavy,DETROIT VAPORSTOVESFor Every Season of the YearWinter or summer, spring or fall, a Detroit Vaporstove gives the same perfect cooking and baking as a modern city gas range. Detroit Vapor Stoves have sturdygas stove construction and operate just as easily.They Work Like GasBurn Oil, Gasoline or DistillateThere are no wicks or wicl substitutes in a DetroitVapor Stove. Durable 8 1:2 pound iron burners vaporizethe fuel, so a gas is burned. Detroit Vapor Stove gives19 hours of cooking to a gallon. Come in a see one work.We handle them exclusively for this territory.To be possessed of a head of heavy,beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy,Yavy and free from dandruff is merely & matter of using a little Danderine. It is easy and inexpensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Justget a small bottle of Knowlton's Danderine now for a few cents all drugstores recommend it apply a littleas directed and within, ten minutesthere will be an appearance ofabundance, freshness, flufflness andan incomparable gloss and lustre,and try as you will you cannot find atrace of dandruff or falling hair; butyour real surprise will be after abouttwo weeks' use, when, you will seenew hair fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair sproutingout all over your scalp Danderineis, we believe, the only sure hairerower. destroyer of dandruff andcure for itchy scalp and it never failsto stop falling hair at once.If vou want to prove how pretty,and soft your hair really is, moistena cloth with a little Danderine anacarefully draw it through your hairtaking one small strand at a time.Your hair will be soft, glossy andbeautiful in just a few moments adelightful surprise awaits everyonewho tries this. (adv)A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerMain and Third Streets, Opposite Court HouseWilmoth'ssSL u ' MiMMimmMff- m m Wjm Jf "J" L -" SB TCKKXSW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRELIOKMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2SSCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.----FreshHome' Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.Daily-FreshMeats.Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376iooOGtaaaaooeeooeeeo4ANNOUNCEMENT&OFOld&Rosebud OilGas Company,.-Paris, KentuckyHE OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.,composed of Paris business men, announces to the publicthe perfection of its organiztaion, and the purchase of valuable oil and gas rights in Lee, Estill and Owsley counties; it alsoannounces the offering of a limited amount of stock at254.PAR VALUE $1.00of our Leelays withinCounty leasesl mile of theWe have made a location on onewhich adjoins production, and whichheart of the Big Sinking pool.For the consideration of the investing public we submit the following.-OrganizationThe Old Rosebud Oil and Gas Company is a Delaware corporation capitalized at $500,000. The following directors havebeen selected to govern the affairs of the corporation:O. L. Davis, farmer, Paris, Ky.Harry B. Clay, farmer and oil producer, Paris, Ky.W. C. Bell, farmer, Paris, Ky.Dr. C. G. Daugherty, physician, Paris, Ky.L. D. Harris, real estate broker, Paris, Ky.O. T. Hinton, attorney, Paris, Ky.Wm. Shire, jeweler, Paris, Ky.J. W. Young, stockman and fanner, Paris, Ky.F. P. Thompson, oil producer, Lexington, Ky. .. . :JW, W, Mitchell, banker, Paris, Ky. .The of fleers are as follows:President Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Vice President Harry B. Clay.Secretary O. L. Davis.Treasurer W. W. Mitchell.Field Manager F. P. Thompson.Offices will be maintained in Paris, Ky.HoldingsThe company has closed a deal for 146 acres within less thana mile of some of the biggest wells in the Big Sinking district ofLee County. Prospects on this lease look good for 50-barrel wellsat the least. We have made two locations on this lease and willmove a machine to it at once. ,We also contemplate test wells on the 100-acre Gabbard. lease near the present Hell Creek production in Lee County; alsoon the Baker lease in the Ross Creek section of Estill County.We expect to close a deal shortly for some production in theBig Sinking district, which we are now negotiating.StockfNow 25c; Par Value $1.00(We reserve the right to withdraw stock from market at anytime without notice.)v.,OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYHarris & Speakes, Selling AgentsParis, KentuckyAPPLICATION FOR .STOCKOld Rosebud Oil and Gas CompanyIncorporatedParis, KentuckyI hereby subscribe for shares of capital fltock,of OLD, ROSEBUD OIL & GAgtCO MPANY at the present price of. ... . cents per ..share, and herewith tender payment, of -$ as settlement in full,itbeing under8teod4hat'theVsfd&' is Jully ' JjSfiand non-assessable, price sujoject xu.aavance wuuuut .nuuw. iright to reject or issue in full or part with refund of excess paid.Dated this day of 1919.SignedAti&ress ......:..'. '." ..." .Make all checks payable to the company. Check must accompany the application foritock.The company reserves the-..t-.II2THE BOUBBON NEWS, JPAMS, KEHTCTCB3-TUESDAY, MAY 6 1919.'CPAGE IOTBIUNION PRAYER MEETING SERVICE AT PRESBYTERIAN 'CHURCH.Mr. W. M. Danner, American Secretary to the Mission to Lepers, wifeand daughter, has just returned froman extensive tour of leper stations inthe Far East.Our citizens will be privileged tohear his story "The Bright Side ofWhat the Protestanta Church is Doing for Lepers in the World" at thePresbyterian church, Wednesdayevening, at 7:00 o'clock.Large photographs and charts will"be used for illustration. The Society presented is International andInterdenominational and devoted tothe needs of lepers of the world. Itco-operates with practically all theForeign Mission "Boards.There are probably two millionlepers in the world. One out of everyseven, hundred and fifty inhabitants.Th.e largest colony is under the Starsand Stripes.' Interesting reports of medical progress will be given and incidents regarding the Tiuman side of the leper'slife.These thrilling stories are by nomeans gruesome, but will be intensely interesting to all ages. The admission will be free to all.Mr. Danner spent Christmas withivm lonpr TinmpR and with the children of lepers, who, strange to say,do not inherit the disease.All the Protestant churches of thecity will combine for this service,which will be of special interest toall denominations. The public iscordially invited to attend.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES &-PEED.(janl4-tf)Alfalfa and StockFarmsIn the famous Black Prarie Belt ofNortheastern. Mississippi, rangingfrom 50 to 2,000 acres. Write forliterature and prices.Mississippi Farm Sales Agency,(6-2t) Columbus, Miss.0nionSets5cPER QUARTat theBusy BeeBOUEBON ITSCAL COURT TO CONTEST TELEPHONE HATES.The Bourbon Fiscal Courjfc has announced its intention of contestingthe increase in rates recently madeby the Home Telephone Co., andCumberland Telephone Co., in thiscity. The Court has a contract withboth companies to pay certain ratesin lieu of the right of way to planttheir poles and string their wiresalong the public thoroughfares of thecounty. This was done under the administration of County Judge HenryC. Smith. The Court has instructed County Attorney David D. Clineto take such legal steps as in hisjudgment appears necessary.The Court instructed County RoadEngineer Ben P. Bedford to advertisefor contracting bids to repair thesurface of the Lexington turnpike,and a small portion of the NorthMiddletown pike, which was left unfinished last fall. The Court also ordered that a committe be appointedto select a site for a quarry to boused in repairing the Hill turnpike.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The writer takes pleasure inthanking the general public, whiteand colored, for their liberal -contributionsto our $10,000 drive forbuilding our school at Louisville.Millersburg, Paris "and the countygave $54.92, and the white friendsgave $50.50, of the money we raised.We came out $200 ahead, so we askGod, our Father, for a home in gloryfor all of our white donors and thecolored ones, as well.J. W. CALAMESE.RUGSAND CARPETS CLEANEDIN MODERN STYLEDon't worry about your rugs. Letus clean and refinish them. Newand modern machinery just installedfor that purpose. Ask those whohave tried our plant.(6-tf) LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanCLEVER ENTERTAINER AT THEY. M. C. A. MAY 23d.The Y. M. C. A. has signed upBurgderfer, the entertainer, for Friday night, May 23. Col. Bain endorses him as the funniest, cleanestentertainer on the Lyceum platform.Save the date and watch THE BOURBON NEWS for full particulars andprogram.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsGirls Wanted50 white girls and women to selectturkey feathers. All year work. Verydesirable environment. Opportunityto make splendid wages.Apply Dow Building, 201 MainStreet.(6-2.t) FEATHER PRODUCTS CO.WANTEDA live-wire agent, male or female,for the Courier-Journal, in Paris. Ifyou can't give at least six hours aday to the agency, don't apply, as Ihave a special contract for one whowants a job that will pay at least$100.00 per month. Give all detailsand reference in letter toH. SMITH,Traveling Representative CourierJournal and Times, Paris, 'Ky.Lady Canvassers Wanted.Four alert and attractive ladiesfor canvassing. Address, "X. Y. Z."care THE BOURBON- NEWS.(6-2t)For SaleNew Ford Roadster.JOHN M. STUART,At Blue Grass Oil Exchange, Inc.(6-tf) Main St., Paris, Ky.Used Fords For Sale.One Ford touring car and one Fordroadster, both in A-l condition.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.108 Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.(6-3t)COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BEO.Auto For SaleFive-passenger Cadillac Eight, infine condition. Call on or address,GEO. R. DAVIS,No. 20 Fifth St., Paris, Ky.Phones 137. (6-tf)The J. W.. BrownRealty Co.Masonic Temnle. 211 Main Street,Paris. Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us. Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.E. T. Phone 831. (tf)McCombs Road Oil"From the time of the Roman Caesars it has beenrecogmized that prosperity follows good roads."THE high cost of material and the shortage oflabor put a premium upon the preservation ofpresent equipment; and for the preservation offgpod roads a gallon of oil is worth a bushel of labor.Imperative demands of the war period haveprevented adequate road maintenance, improvementarid extension. The immense transportation problemof reconstruction requires that the arteries of traffic;,be kept in good condition.- Roads well oiled last indefinitely. A well-oiledroad is impervious to the destructive forces ofnature and offers adequate resistance to the wearand tear of heavy traffic.McCombs Producing & Refining Co.aii-PRODUCERS REFINERSTRANSPORTERS MARKETERSHigh Grade Petroleum Productsi ;i s jAdequate Facilities Personal ServicePrompt Deliveries -XBRAM RENICK, Pres., Inter-Southern Bldg.,-Louisville, Ky.ii Producing Properties: Sales Office:Et till, Wolfe, Lee Counties, Kentucky Boatmen's Bank Building, St. Louis, Mo.Offices: Winchester, Ky. - Refinery: East St. Louis, 111.1tMMMflV'mmiJBWI4131i381-41aSSAJ389miTHE PARBOKENOIL COMPANY(INCORPORATED)Paris, KentuckyJAMES CALDWELLPresidentCLARENCE K, THOMASTreasurerDR. J, M. WILLIAMSVice PresidentOSCAR T. HINTONSecretaryCAPT. WM. COLLINSField ManagerBuy stock in a company that is notmaking Wild promises, but one that canshow you FACTS AND FIGURES that areconservative and at the same time willlook almost too good to be true. We havemade no statements but what can foeproven.Let our salesman talk over the Parboken stock to you.SUBSCRIBE TO DAYat 50CttftfflrtWffllTo Lads Who Are Now Ready For"FIRST LONGIES"fWi ...FTFIOU'LL nd this a good place11 to take the plunge. WeISBEil have given a lot of thoughtto "first longies," and weknow just exactly what you willneed and want.Get Started RightByWearing Walsh's Clothesand you'll be right up to theminute in dress. We have histthe models for young fellows likeyou. All the advanced styles innew close-fitting coat, includingthe new seam at the waist line,in fabrics that give long wearand satisfaction and new colorsand patterns. And priced right.$12.50TO$45.OOYou Young Men WhoWill GraduateOn this state occasion7 you willyou will want to look your best.You can rely on us for fitting youout properly for this event if youwill come here to buy We arestrong for the young fellows andour services are at your command.R P. WALSHsi iINQUIRIES SOLICITED7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.jTUESDAY, MAY 6 1919.THE BOURBOU' NEWS, PARIS, KEKircZT- rpage m 1CFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)oTENNESSEE STRAWBERRIESWe are receiving fine strawberriesdirect from the paten every day.They are guaranteed to be fresh.(1) C. P. COOK & CO.oAUTO SALES.The Overland Motor Sales Company reports the sales of an Overland touring car to W. E. Turner andan. Oakland roadster to J. W. Baconboth of Paris.oNEW W. U. MANAGER.Miss Nancy Hughes, of the Nashville, Tenn., office, or the Western"Union Telegraph Co., is now manager of the Paris office, succeeding Mr.K. D. Young. Mr. Young has beentransferred to the management ofthe W. U. office at Jenkins, Ky.oK. OF C. EMBLEMS.Just received large selectionsof Knights of Columbus Emblems in Pins, Charms andRings.SHIRE & FITHIAN.(may6-2t)oHELLO. MR. PARMER. NO NEEDTO GO "ELSEWHERE."Fine line of pony and large buggies, feed baskets, all kinds of autotires and accessories. Automobilecylinder oil, 60 cents per gallon."(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.. oTO MY PATRONS.rr. William Riley Franklin announces that he will spend Tuesday,Wednesday an.d Thursday of thisweek in Louisville, attending theKentucky Association of Optometrists, of which he is a member andofficer. '. oDERBY BAY TRAIN.The L. and N. Train that leavesLouisville for Lexington at 5:30 inthe afternoon, will on Derby Day,Saturday, May 10, be held at theUnion Station until 6:50. It willleave the Fourth street station at6:55 and Baxter avenue at 7:05.7:05.oSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Harry Simon, of Paris, isregistered at the Hotel Breslin, inNew York City.Miss Virginia Watts, of Nicholasville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. J.R. Patton, in this city.Mrs. White Varden was a guestseveral days the past week of MissMildred Lisle, in Winchester.Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clay are expected home this week from Eustis,Florida, where they spent the winter.Rev. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville, attended the funeral and burialof Mr. John J. McClintock, in thiscity, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Walker, ofEminence, have been guests offriends and relatives in this city thepast few days.Mrs. Ella Norvell has returnedto her home in Carlisle, after a visitto friends and relatives in this cityand county.Mrs. John M. Woods has returned to her home in Winchester.after a visit to her sister, Mrs. Leslieileal, in this city.A large number of Paris peopleare planning to attend the MargaretMatzenauer concert at the LexingtonOpera House, Friday.Misses Susan Simmons and KatieLord have returned to their homes inCovington, after a week-end visit toMrs. John A. Lyle.Mrs. R. B. Cleveland and Mrs.M. O. Schrivener, guests of Mrs. Robert J. Neely, have returned to theirhomes in Cincinnati.R. J. Carpenter, Floyd Jordanand Curtis Carpenter, recent visitorsin Paris, have returned to theirhomes in Flemingsburg.Mr. Theodore P. Nix, of Paris,has taken a position with the fielddepartment of the Bourbon Oil & Development Co., at Evelyn, in theirEstill county holdings.Mr. and Mrs. P. Lee Odell, ofJeffersonville, Indiana, are guests oftheir daughter, Mrs. Hugh Campbell,and Mr. Campbell, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. Hedges Rashhave returned to their home in NorthMiddletown, after a business trip tothe oil fields of Missouri, Texas,Kansas and Oklahoma.Mrs. Harry Chambers, of Louisville, is a guest of her father, JudgeHarry Brent, and her brother, Mr.Hugh Brent. Mrs. Chambers was formerly Miss Mary Porter Brent ofParis.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, left Friday for Wichita, Kansas, for an extended visit to her sister, Mrs. J. B.Geiss.Cynthiana' Log Cabin: "Mr. I.B. Florence and little daughter, ofParis, were in town Saturday. Mr.Florence has numerous friends herewhere he formerly was an employeeSER,V-TJS ROLLEB OATS THAT EV-0f the Kentucky "Utilities Co."ERYEOBY .l.lKftS.Ask, for Serv-Us Rolled Oats, thekind with that parched flavor thateverybody likes. Perfectly clean andsanitary.THE POWER GROCERY CO.,Serv-Us Distributors.OFATTENTION! KNIGHTSCOLUMBUS.Every. Knight should have acharm, button or stick pin- Seeour beautiful line before buying. Any special design madeup at your suggestion.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(may6-tf)oHELD TO GRAKB JURY.In. the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton held Tom Carter, colored,to answer to the grand jury at theJune term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt in the sum Gf $200. Carter-was charged -with shooting at Jasper Johnson, colored, mail carrier,with intent to kill. Carter gavebond for his appearance for trial.oON EIGHT-HOUR BASIS,fAn. eight-hour working day hasbeen established in the Paris officeof the Adams Express Company, beginning May 1. The new order carries with it the same rate of pay ashad been given them on the old scalefor twelve hours' work. The changein working hours necessitates theemployment of a larger workingforce.o '' BOYS' GOOD STOCKjTNGS.If you are tired of buying cheap,inferior stockings for your boys, tryour Black Cat Stockings, atJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. Aquilla Willett, of Thornton Division, recently underwent anoperation for the removal of a cararact from his eye. The operationwas performed at the Massie Memorial Hospital, by Dr. William Kenney. Following the Lexington racesthe next meet will be at ChurchillDowns, at Louisville. Several partiesof society people from Paris areplanning to attend the opening day,and witness the running of the Kentucky Derby, on May 10.News has been received herethat Swa-ngo Springs, a favorite resort with many Paris people, will beopened this summer for the receptionand accommodation of guests. Theresort, which is situated near HazelGreen, in Wolfe county, will be conducted under the management of Mr.H. H. Swango.Mr. and Mrs. Milton J. Browning have leased the home of Mrs.Robt. J. Neely, at the corner of Duncan avenue and Vine street, and willmove to it in a few days. They willoccunly the property until January1, when they will give possession to jication of the new Broadway Christian church, in Lexington, Sunday.Mrs. George Sun, of Lexington,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. A. J.Fee.Miss Helen Parrett, of Huntington, W. Va., is a guest of Mr." andMrs. N. A. Moore.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Curtis, ofCarlisle, were guests of the former'sbrother, Mr. Henry C. Curtis, in thiscity. .' Miss Bessie Mastin was operated on at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Friday. She is doing verynicely. ,Mr. A. M. Douglass, who underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, recently, is improving.Mr. L. D. Harris continues toimprove steadily, and will soon beable to walk around his home withthe aid of crutches.Mr. J. H. Smith, who formerlyresided in this county, near the oldCoulthard Mill, is a patient at theNorton Infirmary, in Louisville,where, according to information received here yesterday by relatives-,he is in a serious condition.Chief of Police Fred Link, whofell on the pavement near his homerecently, injuring his left leg, wasreported yesterday as being somewhat improved. He is still confinedto his home.Dr. Zueblin, medical director ofthe Tuberculosis branch of the. Cincinnati General Hospital, and Dr.W. M. Brown, interne in the Cincinnati Tuberculosis Sanitarium, motored to Paris, Sunday, and spent theday as guests at the home of Dr. andMrs. J. T. Brown, on Cypress street.The seventy-second milestone onthe journey through life was recentlypassed by Mrs. H. Hutchcraft Hill, ofParis, whose genius is reflected in(he almost breathless likenesses ofmany of Bourbon county's prominentcitizens hanging on the walls of theBourbon county court house. Mrs.Hill, in the best of health and stillI full of the artistic fire that dominated her work as a student in Paris,France, and later in active workwith the brush and pallette, loves totalk of the days when she was a student. Mrs. Hill some time ago finished a remarkably life-like portraitin oil of Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft,whose life was snuffed out on thebattlefields of France, which now occupies an honored place on thewalls at the home of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, in thiscity. A few days ago Mrs. Hill received a beautifully-bound Eastertestimonial from a friend, Mrs. A. W.Luntzell, of Lexington, formerly MissLillian Bagge, of Hutchison, embodying a delightful sentiment typical ofthe artistic side of Mrs. Hill's life,as follows:"ASSURANCE."One saw an artist o'er his self-appointedtaskToil patiently through many months,and stopped to ask:'Art thou assured that to thy workjthe gods will giveSuch beauty as through all the yearswill make it live?''Ah, no, I know not if the work onwhich my handNow tries its skill e'er with worksimmortal stand;But this I know that strivingceaselessly will bringThe power to do in time some farmore worthy thing.'Strive on! Days in themselves mayunavailing be,And cherished schemes may fail, buttrust and thou shalt seeHow good repays itself no effort isin vain.In God's Great Book each cost isbalanced by a gain."LILLIAN LUNTZELL."COther Personal on Page 3.)SpringMillinerySpecials This WeekA host of new arrivals in every shape and color are gathered together for "Hat Week" an unusually attractive collection at very moderate prices.Leghorns and MilansSoft Rough StrawsLovely Transparent ModelsSport Hats. Children's HatsSMART TURBANSJest the thing for a windy day are these trim, stylish, closefitting hats in the various suit shades.All Prices From $5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street9 Paris, Ky.LIGHTER UNDERWEAR"UATZENATJR IN PARIS AT OBERJ)0KEER?S PRTO STOREEdison, recreates her voice on theEdison, Visit uueruuiwis i"0store and hear her sins. The publiciS(2t)Vit?d OBERDORFEH.RUGS Am) CABPECS! CIEANEDm IICUERE STYLE.Don't worry about your rugs. Letus clean and reflnish them Newand modern machinery just installedfor that purpose. Ask those whohavet lied our plant. w."(6-tf) LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.SUSTAINS PABALYHC STROKEJohn Ayers, colored, who conductsthe barber shop on Main street, nextdoor to the Home Telephone Co., received a slight stroke of paralysis inthe right side while at work Saturday afternoon.He was taken to the office of aphysician close by, who, after a careful examination, pronounced the attack due to paralysR Ayers was removed to his home in Newtown. Hewas reported yesterday asslightly better.J. Hart Talbott and Wm. G. Talbott,who recently purchased it of Mrs.NeelyMr. William R. O'Connell, formerly of Mt. Sterling, now residingin Frankfort, was a caller at THENEWS office yesterday. Mr. O'Connell was in the city in the interestof his candidacy tor tne omce oiClerk of the Court of Appeals. Hemarried Miss Bessie Kenney, ofParis. Mr. O'Connell has served asChief Deputy Clerk of the Court ofAppeals, and has had a large experience in this work.After a temporary trial of student government by the girls of Patterson Hall at the University of Kentucky the plan has been adopted asa .permanent rule in the hall. Officers of the council -who will serveuntil May 1920, were elected recently. Miss Eliza Clay Mason, of NorthMiddletown, will be one of the Senior representatives, and Miss FannieHeller, of Paris, will be one of theFreshman representatives.The following Bourbon countyneonle will be patrons and patronesses from their respective localitiesat the Margaret Matzenauer Concertat the Lexington Opera House nextFriday:PARIS Mr. and Mrs. BucknerWoodford, Dr. and Mrs. M. H.Dailey, 'Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Clay,Sr.. Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Mr.and Mrs. Walter Clark, -Mrs. FrankFithian, Mr. and Mrs. A..L. Boatright, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McClintock,Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Hinton.MILLERSBURG Colonel and Mrs.C. M. Best, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Fisher,Miss Mary E. Baughn, Miss MildredBruce, Miss Mary Dan Harbison, TMr.and Mrs. J. H, Barnes.NORTH MIDDLETOWN Mr. andMrs. Will Gay, Mrs. Anna EvansCooper, Mr. and Mrs. Tollie Young.Capt. Robert Jones and Mrs.Jones have returned from a visit tothe latter's mother, Mrs. Edward Andrews, of East Maxwill street, Lex-i'neton. Mrs. Jones was one of thebeing soloists at the Christian church ban-quet last week, and also at the ded-A style for everybody, whetheryou like union suits or like separategarments. .$1 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oBIRTHS.At St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, Sunday night, to the wifeof Mr. Walter Stewart, formerly ofParis, a son; weight, five pounds.THE FAIRMoney Saving Items ForFRIDAY AND SATURDAY.EXTRAORDINARY VALUESSolid Copper T Kettles, heavynickel-plated, large size, each $1.69;Milk Cans, 6-qt. size, 59c; WireClothes Lines, 75-foot long, 35c; PotCovers, all sizes, 10c; Mail Boxes,25c size at 10c each; No. 7 and 8Iron Griddles, No.j7 and 8 SteelKettle, at 35 and' 39 cents; WallPaper Cleaner, 10c; White, Red,Green and Blue Enamels, 10c a can;Varnish Stains, all colors, 15c a can;Bird Seed, a box 10c; a full line ofBird Cages and Bird Supplies, Bird!Manna, etc., Linoleum Remnants, 59ca square yard, Congoleum Rugs,Matting Rugs, just a few CongoleumRugs, Balance 18x36 remaining at19 c each.WALL PAPERAnother lot of new patterns justreceived, the kind you have thoughtand dreamed of, but not yet seen.Service the best. Suggestions andinformation covering 'the newestthings out.One 10 and one 15 foot counterfor sale cheap.KPnT are "dreams1!I f&L seeWiem. 1f',Mr. and Mrs. HomeloVer:---The best way.tostore Up energy is by Peacefulrest. A cosy bedroom, one of our pretty beds withreliable springs and mattress on it will give yourestful sleep. And remember, old mattresses are)not sanitary.4rfr.Fix your beds and bedrooms up now by cominginto our store and buying the new Furniture, Rugsand other things you need..' Our QUALITY is always HIGH; our PRICEis always LOW. . - . -THE FAIR1 1ITHE J. T. HINTOJV COPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAMiEITHERPHONE 36Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingiI- ' -'r JAGE SIXTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 6 1919., . iM S-O-M-E SB Goodies! hBkSM "the kind yvdpfeflH that m-e-l-t yjB.B in yT JK33aBV mouth JfejMBMG&r&.fH fluffy. tenderLK cakes, biscuits and TMBH doughnuts that just EeH keep you hanging nH 'round the pantry IHT all made with HS CALUMETjM BAKING POWDERB economical kind. Try EB it drive away bake-day jHjH You save when you buy it. HjK You save when you use it. HHg Calumet contains only such HH ingredients as have been Kim approved officially by the BV U.S. Food Authorities. ' (K HIGHEST SI IfKEOTTJOKY CROP INTIMATESThe condition of wheat in. Kentucky as a whole is most excellent,after a remarkably favorable fall,winter and spring. Hye passed thewinter in good condition, too, but asmost of Kentucky's rye is grown onheavy clay soils, that heavy ratherbadly, the average condition of rye isslightly lower than wheat. Wheatnow shows a condition of 103 percent, compared to 100 per cent, atthis time last year, and a ten-year-averagecondition of 84 per cent.Rye is 100 per cent, now, comparedto nearly 91 per cent, this time lastyear, and an. average condition, of 86per cent, during the last ten years.Wheat and rye are in excellent condition in nearly all parts of theUnited States, wheat showing an average condition of almost 100, percent, for the United States as awhole, and rye nearly 91 per cent.Farmers, traders and othersthroughout Kentucky now reportthat there are on. the farms 2 percent, more brood sows than at thistime last year, which was a highyear, while the United States as awhole the number shows less than 1per cent, increase over the high number of 1918.Farm labor is only 85 per cent,normal in Kentucky now in totalavailable supply, and less than 85normal supply throughout the UnitedStates as a whole. On the otherhand the demand for farm labor is 2per cent, more than normal in Kentucky and nearly 2 per cent, morethan normal in the entire UnitedStates.Labor, including discharged soldiers, shows a great inclination toseek the cities and towns, and eveneven former farm workers usuallyseek city jobs in preference to goingback to the farms.tlFT OFF CORNS!Apply few drops then lift or,touchy corns off withfingersi NvRED CROSS CONFERENCE TO BEHELD IN FRANCE.Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFreezone on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting, then youlift it right out. Yes, magic!A tiny bottle of Freezone costs buta few cents at any drug store, butis sufficient to remove every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn'between thetoes, and the calluses, without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational disdiscovery of a Cincinnati genius. Itis wonderful. (adv)-o-Shows Smallness of Soul.The man who cannot forgive awrong, like a dog oppressed of a brutal master, cannot claim superiorityi of soul.A world-wide program to relievehuman suffering and disease will beformulated at a conference of healthexperts, which opened at Cannes,France. The conference is being heldby the International Committee of"Red Cross societies, preliminary tothe Red Cross Congress, which willfollow the signing of the peacetreaty.Nineteen of the best known healthexperts of the United States will represent this country, wheih will be.perhaps, the most notable gatheringof specialists ever held. Englandand France will send ten delegates,Italy seven and Japan three.Weighed 90 Pounds Before TkimPERUNARecommends it to Her Friends"I don't need Peruna any more.I am all well. I have taken sixbottles. I weighed ninety poundbefore I started with Peruna. Iwas just as poor and ho weakly. Iliad given np hopes of ever getting well; such a cough and spitting, and conld not eat anything.Now since taking Peruna I weighone hundred and thirty-fivepounds. All my friends said Iwould never get well. I was justa shadow. I have surely recommended your Peruna to many ofmy friends, and they are using it.I will recommend Peruna, for Iam so thankful for what it hasdone for me."Sold EverywhereWeigh pflflPounds gjBB21 N.Mien.MLs Clara liohr.Gold St., Grand Rapids.In her letter opposite Miss Lohrtells in convincing words of thebenefits she received from Peruna. Uqaia er Tablet FormCAUSE OP HEADACHEA SCHEME FOR .RAISING REVENUE TO BUILD ROADS.Mr. James M. Weathers, Cashier ofthe Farmers' & Merchants' Bank atElkto-n, Kentucky, has mapped out asystem ,of roads for Todd county andhe proposes to get one thousand menof the county to agree to donate$100 per year for a sufficient number of years to build the" proposedsystem.One hundred thousand dollarswould be available each year fromhis plan in. addition, to the regularcounty road fund.He states that he has laid the matter before three hundred men andevery one has agreed to it and thesuccess of the scheme seems assured.oIf the worst comes to the worst,it's better to make the best of it.By knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)oThere Are Furs and Furs.In considering the romance of fursone thinks always of the wild, freelife of the woodland, but the commonalley cat of the cities could tell a different story.TO THAN CALOMELThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets area Harmless Substitute.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets the sabstitute for calomel are a mild but surelaxative, and their effect en the liver isalmost instantaneous. They are the resultof Dr. Edwards determination not to treatliver and bowel complaints tvilh cclomel.His efforts to banish it brought out these. little oiive-colored tablets.These pleasant little tablets do the goodthat calomel does, but have no bad aftereffects. They don't injure the teeth likestrong liquids or calomel. They take boldof the trouble and quickly correct it. "Whyccure the liver at the expense of the teeth?Calomel sometimes plays havoc with thejjgums. So do strong liquids. Itisbestnotdo take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards.Olive Tablets take its place.Host headaches, "dullness and thatJlazy feeling come from constipation anda 'disordered liver. Take Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and-"heavy." Note how they "clear" clouded,fraxn and how they "perk up" the arits.JOcnd25cabox. All druggists.8ong Thrown In.Eggs that are cheap sometimes dowhen you put them to your ear. Boton Transcript.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA good many of us consider it aVictory Loan when we get back thefiver a friend borrowed.A. J. FEEAGENT16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. IlfHslSfaS'MgggsegjDm. Coover & WatsonVETERNARIANS,(Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.)Both Phones 347.Office, Bourbon Garage.(15apr-lmo-pd)Barms For Sale227 acres, gently rolling, 3 mileafrom town, near school and church;good road, plenty water, very productive; 9-room house, large barn, finestock ; grain and tobacco land. 60.00per acre ; some terms.75 acres, some timber, land rolling,5-room house, barn "86x40, plentywafer; $2,800.00.We have large list of well-improvedfarms, on good roads, near steam andelectric railroad, at less than half theprice askftd for the me quality ofland south of the Ohio River. Writeu;your wants.Hostettkr & Francisv - Htnryvilie, IiM.NggglESggSggSSiaiJSIIrragSIMillersburg's?-g-Sa-as-a3Jss!StationA Real Market For CreamNo CreameryEver Gave the Satisfaction to Cream Producers That Sugar Creek Give Daily.BETTER SERVICEis what we expect to give you.Sugar Creek service is dally pleasing thousands of cream producters.Our method of buying cream is justas honest, man to man deal allaround. You see your cream weigedand tested and take your check andcream bacw home with you. ' Nowaiting both will be ready whenyou are.Satisfaction and Profit is what wewant to give you. We are establishing a station in Millersburg for yourconvenience and want you to makeour market your market.THE ABOVE IS A PICTURE OF OUR LOUISVILLE PLANT.CREAM PRODUCERSYou are greatly interested In theopening of a Sugar Creek CashCream Market in Millersburg. Weopened our market on Saturday,April 19 th, and are located In theSandusky rooms, on Main street.MRS. LUCY INSKOjwill be in charge of our station, andwill be on the job all the time. Herevery effort will be devoted towardgiving you the Best Possible Service.Her reputation in your communityguarantees you a fair and squaredeal all around.RememberoatUi-y.lY,WAS OUR OPENING DAYApril 19thOPEN EVERY MONDAY, WEDNESDAY A1SJD SATURDAYDRIVE UP WE5!! TAKE YOUR CREAM ER0M YOUR CAR ORBUGGY AND HAVE YOUR CAN AND CHUCK READY JOR YOU IN AVERY SHORT TIME. YOU ARE WELCOME IN OUR STATION ANY 1ME WHETHER YOU HAVE CREAM OR'NOT. MAKE.OUR STATIONYOUR HEADQUARTERS WHEN IN MILLERSBURG. LEAVE YOUR PACKAGES IN OUR STATION; WE'LL BE GLAD TO TAKE CARE OPTHEM POR YOUSUGARCMEAlERT CO.Millersburg, Ky JMIHiMRS. LUCY INSKO, Operatortntt-iH.vt gis-.-.-jtrr;ih .. . ,1VU&:XTUESDAY, MAY 6 1919.THE BOUKBON NEWS. PABIS, KENTUC1TrittfrnA3Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketPUREHOGLARD30cPoundi 7!MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWAS WORTH MMDOLLARS TOFeels Better Than For Five Years. Since He Took Meritone.INTERl-BAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVEXexineton For Paris ForParis LexinetonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANY"It's a fact that I wouldn't take athousand dollars for what this onebottle of Meritone has done for meand I'm getting two more bottles,"said W. R. Kirkpatrick, of 5,012Illinois avenue, Nashville, Tenn."I think it is my duty to let thepeople know what this medicine hasdone for me, for I consider it a luckyday when someone told me aboutMeritone and advised me to try it.Nothing Gave Relief"For five years I was bothered almost constantly with, a soreness inmy stomach and I had severe pains,similar to rheumatic pains, thatwould run up and down my leg."I think I had tried every othermedicine on the market and dideverything I could, but nothing gaveme relief. Why, I've taken so manydifferent medicines that out homeI've got a basket filled with the bottles. But nothing helped me."Since taking Meritone I feel better than I have for five years andMeritone has done me more goodthan all the other medicines put together." Mr. Kirkpatrick is one of thethousands of people who have beenbenefited by Meritone. It is highlyrecommended for ailing conditions ofthe stomach, liver, kidneys or forcatarrh, rheumatism, sleeplessness orlack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv-6-27may)A ClassicWhat is a classic, if it be not a bookthat forever delights, inspires, and surprises, in which and in ourselves, byits help, we make new discoveries every day. Lowell,FOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the injuryis received get a "bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.( may-ad v)New Exchange TelephoneRates Effective May 1, 1919A new schedule of telephone exchange rates hecome effective in Paris, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock, Ruddles Mills, May 1, by Direction of the Operating Board of theUnited States Telegraph and Telephone Administration, actingunder the order of the Postmaster General of the United States.As yon know, all of the lines and property of this companyare in the possession, control and are being operated by theUnited States Government under the direction of the Postmaster General of the United States.The new rates are necessary in order that additional revenue may be secured, by the government to meet the increasedoperating expenses. The causes which make greater revenuenecessary are due to the new conditions and the new price levels introduced by the war and are entirely beyond the controlof the United States Telegraph and Telephone Administration orof the Telephone Company.More than two years ago the Company foresaw that the telephone system would be operated at a loss unless the ratescould be adjusted to meet the increasing costs of all elementsentering into the production of service. A similar rate adjustment would have been unavoidable under private controland the new rate schedule is practically the same we would havesought in 1918 if the government had not taken possession ofour property.As stated by the Postmaster General, the owners of the telephone system do not benefit in any way from rates changes.Practically all of the increased operating expenses which require this additional revenue are due to increased wages paidto employes to enable them to meet the new conditions of life inthe present day.It is neither practicable nor desirable to reduce wages, and sofar as wages are concerned we btUm that portion of the increased operating expenses to be permanent.The new rate schedule is fair and reasonable and the percentage of increased revenue, which it will produce s much lower than the increased cost of other services and commodities ofComplete detailed information about the new rates may beobtained at the manager's office. We are making every effortto change our records promptly, and your courteous consideration will be appreciated.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAM D TELEGRAPH COMPANYTHOROUGHBRED ' ASSOCIATIONOFFICERS.At the third- annual meeting of theThoroughbred Horse Association,which was held at Lexington, Wednesday night, in the parlors of thePhoenix Hotel, Judge Allie W.Young, of Morehead, vice-presidentof the Kentucky State Racing Commission, was accorded the unpreceented in that organization of electionto .membership by a rising and unanimous vote of the approximatelyseventy-five members in attendance.The Board of Directors was increased from nine to twelve members, and the following were elected:Dr. J. Fred Adams, James Arthur, A.B. Hancock and E. R. Bradley, forthree years each; Lucas B. Combs, fortwo years and Charles H. Berrymanfor one year. The other six whocontinue on the board are Thomas C.McDowell, J. O. Kee-ne, Hal PriceHeadley, John S. Barbee, Thomas P.Hayes and Dr. James C. Carrick.The Board of Directors met uponthe adjournment of the membershipmeeting and elected Major ThomasC. McDowell, president, and J. O.Keene, vice-president. Thomas R.Cromwell was re-elected secretary.The meeting was presided over bythe retiring president, Arthur B.Hancock, of Paris, and was the bestin the history of the association.The financial statement, which wasread by Secretary Thomas B. Cromwell, shows the organization to be ina flourishing condition. It has $6,000 in Liberty Loan Bonds, the limitin War Savings Stamps, and has justsubscribed for $5,000 worth of Victory Liberty Bonds.It was shown that the organizationhas been active for the bettermentof the turf in a number of States andits influence has had much to do withsecuring for horsemen better pursesand increased stakes. The attitudemanifested by the horsemen in themeeting toward the tracks was oneof friendliness and insofar as Kentucky is concerned there was applause for the spirit of fair play thatis manifested here. This was broughtout i,n the brief address of PresidentHancock relative to the increasesthat have been made at Lexington,Louisville and Latonia since thetracks became the property of theKentucky Jockey Club.oMOTHER! GIVE CHILD"SYRUP OF FIGS" IFTONGUE IS COATEDIfCross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,Clean Little Liver andBowels.Children love this "fruit laxative"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty its bowels, and the result is, they become tightly cloggedwith waste, liver gets sluggish,,stomach sours, then your little onebecomes cross,- half-sick, feverish,don't eat, sleep or act naturally,breath is bad, system full of cold,has sore throat, stomach-ache ordiarrhoea. Listen, mother! See iftongue is coated, then give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all theconstipated waste, sour bile and undigested food passes out of the system, and you have a well, playfulchild again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it is perfectly harmless; children love it, andit never fails to act on the stomach,liver and bowels.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Bewaro nf counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine, made by "CaliforniaFig Syrup Comnay' Refuse anyother kind with contempt. (adv)oThere's one thing that doesn't seemto feel cheap for being talked about,and that's the cost of living.oABOUT RHEUMATISMRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. , x( may-ad v)BRIGHTER.p,jkixisH?l-J8lNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Mm F raMa MwWHm M am mi , THEoth .mfm I PLSmoothestill aim BmwMJkw SMOKINGI MMiMBP" tobaccoI lAHEN 1 smofke, I want myI i VV tobacco cared by MotherI Naturenot by Mother-in-law Process.There is nothing harshin Nature's methods nostunts, no "hurry-up."Her quiet, patient way withVELVET during its two years ageing in wooden hogsheads, Drings outall the kindly comfort of fine Kentucky Burley leaf.The quicker, less expensive methods cannot possibly produce the fragrance,coolness and downrightpipe qualities of VELVET,cured in Nature's way.Today it is your privilegeto enjoy, with hundreds ofthousands of other smok-this mild and friendly-VET tobacco.IH99BBKHnf3SMi k IMIEi-H:-ylI. i m wtm m h- mimm-'---.: iihiH VKTVRT MKoa 0 - rWMfW!4 liLMl Itwjju ' "s o , - l. ' tmmmi'sP'y&' 3flioRoll a VELVETCigaretteVELVET'S nalure-agadinildnosa and smoothnessTnaJt9 it fast right forcigarettes.Not What 'He Meant."The paths up this mountain aretoo steep for even an ass to climb;therefore I did not attempt the accent !" were the words in a lecture!which aroused untimely mirth.Do You Enjoy Life?A man in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do 'not enjoy -their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.f (may-adv)If you have no family tree, don'tpine; just spruce up and don't letany of those old chestnuts beech youto itfizZr : & mum 35.jwj t'iA9mmmmsSmi mmmmi ckt&mmMsmmmmwAWmM. Vvmtill JnL- .PMMtIHKtwBPmPL tjhij i. ui . ii i nf i "TTTTT"Fn"1ITn"i 13(May Sales1 Now On Iea .t4"UseGlectricttyfor DdbtingTt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Ladies' Suits, value to$39.00, go at.. $34.95Silk Dresses, values to$24.00, go at.. $14.95TWO GROUPS OP MILLINERY Group No. 1 $2.45Group No. 2. ' $3.95SPECIAL PRICESON WAISTSTwin Bros.Department Store, Main and 7th Paris, Ky.Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation.j 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepower' at the. belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords maximum pulling power for its weight, and is suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for the 'small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeI of work. .Use it with an Oliver Plow'' We recommend that you use an Oliver plow with'your Titan tractor because it means the best plow?nunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depth"of furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily from,the driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the.vTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGE9.i 'lVLet Us Fix You UpFor the Use of Both "Electricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.( Incorporated)i(liioorportei...,..,r..ifc.-ni-wEAi:nrys- ..- !.I8B EIGHTTHE BOUBBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 6 1S1.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 18c;WarTax2c-20cChildren and Gallery.. Ticket 9c; War Tax 1c 10c-,.. ..,..,., J i gun imr -i..i i (jnpiiiiim.?.i!TO-DAY, TUESDAYUNA CAVAUErT -two 'bridesShe thought he was trying to buy - her like so much drygoods, because she was an artist's model. But he wasn't. Toconvince her was the job, though. He had a predicament to getout of ! Can youx suggest any better method than he used? Perhaps you can after you see 'The Two Brides.' 'WM. DUNCAN 'THE MAN OF MIGHT'Adventure, Romance, Thrills, Speed, Stunts! An all-starsupporting cast, with Edith Sohnson and Joe Ryan.Carol Htlloway and Antonio Moreno in the Last Episode of"THE IRON TEST"And Pathe ComedyTO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYWilliam FavershamIN"The Silver King""The Silver King" is one of the most intensely dramaticmotion pictures ever screened. Its thrilling depths could not bebetter sounded by any living actor than William Faversham.IFis a picture of love, of death, and will touch the deepestchords of your being. William Faversham is a master.ALSO BRAY PICTOGRAPHTHURSDAY, MAY 8thNorma TalmadgeIN"The Forbidden City"See Norma Talmadge in the dual role of San San and Toy.The most exquisite Chinese story ever screened.Arbuckle Comedy"Fatty's Hoodoo Day"and International News.MILLERSBURG."r -Regular meeting- of City Council a City Hallr Wednesday at 8p. m.,- Mr. D. M. Hurst, of Winchester,-wafc in Millersburg on business Saturday. ' ' See the nice line of ten-centjsocks at Caldwell's! Regular meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40, F. & A. M this evening.. 'All members urged to be present.Lexington Maid Four, sold atCaldwell's; second .to none on the'.market. Prices 95 cents, $1.75 and$3.50.j. Born, Friday afternoon, to Mr.land, Mrs. T. K. Smith, a ten-pound'son.. Mother and son are doingnicely.L Mr. W. M. Vimont, of Maysville,wast he guest of his mother, Mrs..iMartha- Vimont, from Saturday untilMonday.We have the Cream of Lexington"Flour, one of the best on the market.3v it and you will want it again.f,I-3t) RUFUS BUTLER.I. -Mrs. F. J. -Davis and littlejdahter, of Louisville, arrived Sat-i?"0r-;::3burton's IIgMfectionerv Store!Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR VL EBOLDV A HTTPT rrtTrKTGT7T AT. aii-axiuAxu, wuaiiuui,i AND SONADA CIGARSgjCAxtami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,jj'da' Water and MixedPi Drinks still used. t "5v$ Bulk Ice CreamK (Made- from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.II Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH, CLASS BOX t1 CANDIES.K: .1fi1For the BEST, See Us;FRANKBURTON111: a :!KIurday as guests of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. D. P. Jones.The Millersburg W. C. T. U.will entertain the Convention of theSeventh District W. C. T. U., whichwill hold its sessions the last weekin May.The work of oiling the streetsbegan Saturday, and was completedMonday. The dust "proposition issettled to the satisfaction of thehousekeeper and the merchants.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. Ihave just purchased a oiew Landersstitching machine, and am preparedto do all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.(6may-8t) JOE. GREEN. 'A returned missionary fromCuba delivered an interesting lecture to a large audience at M. M. I.Drill Hall Sunday evening. His lecture was illustrated with movingpictures.Mrs. Adams, of Sandersville,Ga.," who has been the guest of hercousin, Mrs. W. M. Miller, for severalweeks, left Monday for a visit to relatives at Louisville. She will returnto Millersburg before going to herhome in Georgia.Mrs. Adah Miller and daughter,Miss Katherine Miller, returnedMonday, after spending the winterwith. Mrs. A. J. Lamb, at Birmingham, Alabama., They were accompanied home by Mrs. Lamb.rSee our shoes. Old prices prevail, ranging from $2.48 tot $4.48.They are good for the money. Calland inspect them, and you are sureto buy.R. M. CALDWELL.Mr. R. L. Tarr and family, andMrs. 0. R. Rankin and grandson.Master Rankin Hurst, returned Friday from Florida, where Mr. Tarrand family have spent the winter.Mrs. Rankin and grandson weretheir guests for a few weeks.Rarely, if ever, has the Millersburg College offered a more attractive program than the one which willbe carried oue at the approachingcommencement, and which is as follows: Friday, May 16, 8:15 p. m. Recital "by Voice and Expressions pupils. Saturday, May 17, 10:30 a. m.Alumnae Reunion, and address byRev. W. E. Ellis, Paris, followed byAlumnae Banquet at 1 o'clock p. m.Saturday, May 17, 8:15 p. m.Operetta, "The American Girl."Sunday, May 18, 10:45 a. m.Baccalaureate Sermon by Rev. H. C.Morrison, D. D., President of AsburyCollege, Wilmore, Ky.Sunday, May 18, 8:15 p. m. Annual Missionary Sermon by Dr, Morrison.Monday, May 19, 10:00Class Day Exercises.JVIonday, May 19, 2:30Tennis Tournament, andfor the Public.Monday, May 19, 8:15Concert.Tuesday, May 2010:30Graduating Exercises, and Addressby Rev. J. E. Moss, of Nicholasville,Ky.All the exercises will be open tothe public, and all will be free except the operetta Saturday evening.lOf couse the Alumnae Banquet isfor the Alumnae and especially invited guests.Since our Commencement Sundayfalls on the 18, the date of the beginning of the great Methodist Centenary drive, Dr. Morrison's sermonswill be especially appropriate andhelpful for this important missionarymovement.Wie extend a very cordial invitation to all who can do so to attendall the commencement exercises.Notwithstanding a little interruption on account of "flu," the workof the past session has been highlysatisfactory, and the outlook for nextyear is very encouraging. An unusually large number of the boardingpupils have engaged rooms for nextsesson.C. C. FISHER, President.a. m.p. m.Receptionp. m.a. m.tDEATHS.RECTOR.Paul Rector, aged about thirtyfour, a well-known Louisville &Nashville conductor, died in the Covington Hospital, Friday, of heartdisease, from which he had been asufferer for many years. Mr. Rectormade his home in Paris for fifteenyears, while in the employ of therailroad company.He was a man whom everyoneliked, making and retaining friendsby reason of his pleasant dispositionand genial manner. He was a member of Rathbone Lodge No. 12, K. ofP., of Paris. His father, residing atJacksburg, Tenn., was .notified, andarrangements were made for thefuneral and burial there.MORAT.UMIIHI "M ""t 1 1 tllMtMlBtSi Tab v v4 a&r" m -. vA!r fj TT vw J mGf 7 raf v&Z5-l s?The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSTT tt- Day phone 36hZl VI KV NIht : . .56-1- xo -"-.7 or Home 286Mottr equipment.?j Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLlnmisine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.I?fMain-sncfSItttiStreet; .tA message was received in ParisFriday night by Chief of Police FredLink, announcing the death in Albuquerque, New Mexico, of Mr. Geo.Morat, a former resident of Paris.Mr. Morat has been employed asan inspector of ammunition in onecf the big Government plants in Detroit, Michigan, until about twomonths ago, when he contracted tuberlocus, and went to New Mexfco,seeking relief. He was for manyyears engaged in the concrete business in Paris. He was a son of thelate Mr. George Morat, Sr., who wasfor several years years Superintendent of the Paris Cemetery and conducted a greenhouse in this city. Theelder Morat died in 1903 in Knoxville, Tenn.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HAND3?OR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price , for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.-o-RELIGIOUS.The Sunday schools of the various churches in Bourbon countyhad a large attendance Sunday, theoccasion being the annual "Go-to-Sunday-SchoolDay." Although THENEWS made a request for the officialfigures for publication they were notavailable yesterday, and will be givenin another issue.Last Sunday was the seventh anniversary of Rev. W. E. Ellis' pastorate of the Christian church in thiscity. At the morning service Rev.Ellis delivered a remarkably eloquentsermon to a large audience. -Thesermon .was full of deep thought and"eloquent passages, and made a lasting impression on the minds of hisauditors. - ,MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and unk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMATRIMONIAL.STEWART DUV ALL.Mr. and Mrs. George Duvall, ofParis, received a message yesterdayfrom their son, Corporal KimbroughDuvall, stating that he had beenmarried on April 10, to Miss MarthaStewart, at Mt. Holly, New Jersey.The groom, who is in the army service at Camp Dix, in New Jersey,was in Paris a. short time ago on afurlough to visit relatives. He gaveno intimation of his plans to take alife partner, and his message cameas a great surprise to his parentsand relatives.Bring UsYour Cream!. Regardless of competitors' prices, we willpay MORE.BusyBeeCashStore(may2-4w)Blcie Or as Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions everyWednesdaySaturday .Saturday .One Sale Wednesday.8:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.8:00 p. m.Two Sales Saturday.41 S MAIN STREETClimb. Phone 313 Next to N. KrienerHAVE YOUQOT A BABY?If you have you should have aKERRY OR DEXTER COWThese breeds were never known to havetuberculosis. Fresh cows with calves, registered. XALAPA FARM(ap25-6t) Telephone US7yMr. B. L. Yates, of Paris, "recently Ipurchased Tract No. 7. in the Wild- JiyBUY NOWYour New Spring Footwear!We offer this week thesame' great values, thesame stylish footwear.at the same low pricesthat broke all records for volume of business done in the past few weeks.Enormous Purchaseshas resulted in the acquision of the greatest selection of high grade footwear,combining as it does elegance in footwear at extremely low prices. Shophere Saturday and be correctly shod for Spring at almost one-half the cost.Ladies9 Patent and Brown KidPumps and Oxfords(WALK-0VJERSAt SpecialLow Pricesdry j fr J-fLadies' Patent Kid Oxfordsand PumpsLadies Dark Tan ExglishOxfords$3.95$3.49$5.00$3.50Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!Men's T.an English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-OverDAN COHENv Where Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoretrMtlMT(thfU(MHlJIMrilIlIlllMMtHMIl Rhodes Smith, for $600 an acre. fJ9c&,AjS$