r?l3pl.viMujrs.THENEWSn:," X- -J-' .r,1U rv'jrtifiHPUBLISHED .EVERY TUESDAY AND FRTUY IN THE YEAR.is. f Ar:' .MVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESJAY, MARCH 11, 1919BOURBON$KEMOKIAL-FOB, B0UBB0N COUN-TY SOLDIERS ASSUREDBy the action of the people ofBourbon county in their subscriptions at the mass meeting held atthe Grand Opera House Sunday afternoon, it is now an assured fact thatthe memory of Bourbon county's soldier dead in the late world-war will"be perpetuated in a fitting memorial.An audience that completely filledthe structure was present when theproceedings began at 2:30 o'clock.The meeting was presided over byMr. James M. Caldwell, Chairman forthe county, who, in afew welichosen words, announced the objectof the meeting. Community Chorus,under the direction of Mr. A. L.Boatright, sang "America," the audience joining in the refrain. The invocation was pronounced by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch, followed by the rendition of"The Battle Hymn of the Republic,"by the Community Chorus.Chairman Caldwell introducedJudge Denis Dundon, who, in a Triefaddress, eulogized the soldier ands&ilGr boys of the county. MissMary Dan Harbison and her brother,Capt. Dan Harbison, rendered a duet,"Tenting On The Old Camp Ground,"and in response to hearty applause,rendered "My Old Kentucky Home."Both have splendid voices and aregreat favorites with the people ofParis.The principal speaker of the evening, Hon. Edward O'Hara, of Williamstown, was then introduced tothe audience by Chairman Caldwell.Mr. O'Hara delivered one ot the mostconvincing and eloquent addressesany Paris audience ever heard. Heheld the undivided attention of theaudience to the very last minute."His address was frequently interrupted by continued applause, as hetold in a masterly way of the sacrifices made by the American boys inthe war.At the close of Mr. O'Hara's address the work of raising the funds'for the memorial was begun underthe auspices of Mr. John T. Collins,who was introduced to the big audience by Chairman Caldwell as "theBilly Sunday of Bourbon county."In compliance with a request madejby Mr. Collins, Miss Harbison andC&pt. Harbison repeated the singingof "Tenting On The Old CampFRANK &eO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are NowEarly SpringINEVENING DRESSESDINNER "DRESSESSPRING SUITSSPRING COATS-. ,Capes ;YCrepe deCh6ne and Voile BlousesdtidSkirts'.-Trd."- -FRANKLADIES' .OUTFITTERSBEWABE THE DOG! NO LICENSE,NO DOG.For failure to secure the requiredlicense and license tags for theirdogs. Judge Batterton, in the CountyCourt, Friday, assessed "fines of $10and costs against Charles Feebackand Hugh Victor, of Millersburg, andGeo. Christopher, residing on theXalapa Farm, near Paris.Five dogs, minus their licensetags, were picked up on the streetsFriday by Sheriff W. G. McClintockand Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey andplaced in the dog pound. Six dogsin Millersburg were sent to theslaughter house.Kentucky has collected somethinglike $250,000 from the dog tax during the present year, 179,128 dogshaving been listed ior taxation.Taxes on dogs will run to at least$150,000 and the school fund of theState will get a neat part, of hissum.In the County Court, SaturdayJohn Berry, Eliza Baker, CharlieSmoot and George McDonald wereeach fined $10 and costs by CountyJudge George Batterton for failure totake out the required license on dogspurporting to be owned by them. During the day several dogs without thenecessary tags were picked up by theofficers and sent to the pound.Ground," Mr. Collins declaring thatit ought to open the purses andhearts of the audience if anything inthe world would.Contributions began with the sumof $500 and went on down theline'as low as one dollar, the amounts being called off fasteV than the tellerscould keep track of them. It reminded many in the audience of the bigRed Cross drive at the court house.Altogether 280 subscriptions weremade, totalling about $8,500, Millersburg and other sections of thecounty not being heard from. It ispractically assured that the wholeamount, $10,000, is now in sight.It was stated yesterday that thecommittee had about decided on theform of memorial and that a monument of artistic design and proportions, erected in the court houseyard, will become the testimonial ofBourbon county's regard for the boyswho have given up their lives fortheir country.ShowingModels: Dolmans ..:.,-:& CO..-) MJK,MARCH TERM OF BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT CONVENES.tlc I , . u iThe March term of the BourbonCircuit Court convenedyesterdaywith Judere R. !L Stout on the hen ehand ' the Commonwealth represented Iand D.D. ClineTTo of the US.Bourbon. In delivering his charge to Y , ues o 1Sthe Grand Jury Judge Stout said SlJE8,,81? ?' Harris. Bnthaf after consultation with the ; S has just returned toofficials h'e had learned that condi- I eJ? fance. " a f ushJtions in this county were better than iSLJS? Jtt navy J0-331151!?1 andat any time within the past twelve j fig"? J? the 15"months. "This," he said, "should belce of thls country in the world-gratfying news to the ga-nd jury and 'to all citizens. It is a valuable assetto any county, in these times of flue- The bys are coming back home!uation of values of land, when fab-1 Among the recent arrivals are Corp.by Victor K. Bradley, of Georgetown, iulous prices are being paid for realestate, to have it said that respectfor law is predominant. What person would be willing to pay suchhigh prices for land, unless he wasguaranteed that he was going into alaw-abidfng community?"Of course there are in Bourboncounty, as in all other counties ofthe State a certain element who havesmall regard for the law. These comprise various offenses, such as carrying concealed v weapons. In his experience on the bench in this countyhe had only known of one case ofmurder where the offending party jwas not' guilty of carrying a concealed weapon. The common gamblershould also receive the closest attention of the Grand Jury. He defined acommon gambler as one who made ita business of gambling to the exclusion of other honorable means ofmaking a living. The crimes of murder, robbery, arson, etc., he saidshould of themselves demand the attention of the jury. Vagrancy shouldalso be inquired into. Regardless ofwhat conditions the vagrant's non-occupationleads to, they" will tend tofinally make him dishonest.Judge Stout directed the jury togive their attention first to thosecases in jail unable to give bond.If they were innocent they should bereleased and if the circumstances didnot justify that they should be giventhe advantage of an early trial.The case of the Commonwealthagainst John Henry Harp, chargedwith murder, was set for trial on theeighth day of the term, which isTuesday, March 18. The motion andgrounds for a new trial in the case ofOscar Johnson, who was given thedeath sentence at a previous term ofthe court, is ret for hearing to-day,Judge Stout announcing that it mustbe disposed of this week.The following gentlemen composothe grand jury: William Wornalh.(foreman) , Samuel Harding, . MayGoff. R. H. Ferguson, Joseph -Jacoby,H. B. Purdy, A. S. Ball, Fred Park,E. J. Burris, Edward Tucker, JamesCaldwell, Joseph Booth.Another case that will likely comeup for trial at this term of Court isthe suit of the Peoples-Deposit Bankand Trust Company as administratorsof the estate of Mrs. Henry C. Curtis against the Paris Gas & ElectricCo. and the Paris Home TelephoneCompany for damages in the sum of$15,000, and as guardian for HenryCurtis, Jr., for damages in the sumof $7,000. Mrs. Curtis met her deathsome time ago by taking hold of aniron staple driven in a telephone poleopposite her home on Stoner avenue,and which, it is alleged, was chargedwith a high voltage as the result ofcrossed wires belonging to the defendant companies. The boy alsoalso sustained burns from the samecause, it is alleged.BEST QUALITY SEEDS.Hlfhttt quality Rtd Clover,Alslke, Timothy, Setd Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)oPARIS BANK MAKES HECORD INMATTER OP DEPOSITSThe financial status of -the Peoples-DepositBank of Paris was definitely established recently when theindividual deposits of the institutionreached the record-breaking figuresof $1,925,494.95. A comparativestatement of the individual depositsfrom 1914 to date follows:July 25, 1914 ? 548,492.21June 30, 1915 604,815.11June 30, 1917 845,548.91June 29, 1918 88,0.154.83December 31, 1918... 1,024,821.66March 4, 1919 1,925,494.95ATTRACTIONS AT LEXINGTONOPERA HOUSE.Theatre-goers will find a splendidline of attractions for the week atthe Lexington Opera House. Beginning, yesterday with the New Yorkmusical comedy success, "Oh, Lady,Lady," the same, attraction to-night;Wednesday and Thursday,, the laughable farce frolic, "Parlor, Bedroomand Bath," and on Saturday matineeand. night, the favorite and refreshing" comedy, ''Daddy Long Legs."Good 'attractions like these canalways, be depended upon to draw alarge, patronage, from Bourboncounty.Q y.J. 0. U. A M. TO INITIATEi 'The crack team of 'Bourbon Council, Junior Order United AmericanMechanics, will initiate a class ofeighteen candidates at the meeting tobe held at their lodge room to-night,Tuesday, March 11. All, the members are requested to be present, asthere will be something doing. -t m TSS SERVICE OF THEIRrmrKPFRV' APaul Brannon. erlasses erATiin.1 4mi1eana all; Frank Higgins, handsome asever and heavier by twenty pounds,Harry Borlow, tall, erect, heavier,anJ full of interesting stories of experiences overseas; Y. L. Harrison,happy and full of good cheer, withhirty pounds of added weight; Robt.Link, . Jr., bright-eyed and rosycheeked, a real soldier; Allie Detwiller, of North Middletown, a representative soldier.Owen Gibson, formerly a memberof Uncle Sam's carrier force at thelocal postoffice, and who is now inFrance with the American Expeditionary Forces, sent an interestingsouvenir to Mr. John Kriener, of thisI city, in the" shape of a trench light.The light is a brass affair, shapedlike a watch. On one side is a basrelief portrait of Marshal Foch andon( the other the arms of the Frenchrepublic. The Jight very much resembles the ordinary cigarette lignterr and has much of the same action,the alcohol in the little receiver being ignited by an emery wheel andflint attachment.Kimbrough Duvall arrived in ParisFriday from Camp Dix, in New Jersey, on a thirty-days' furlough visitto his father and mother, Mr. andMrs. George Duvall, on Lillestonavenue. "Kim" as been promotedto the position of Company Clerk inhis regiment, the Fiftieth, stationedat Camp Dix, and is also in charge ofthe regimental canteen, which netshim a handsome revenue. He hasre-enlisted ior two years and will return to Uncle Sam's service aboutApril 15. Kim says Uncle Sam is thebest employer he ever worked for,and that he has absolutely no comprint to make.r" 1 "The Good Samaritan Base HospitalUnit No. 40, composed of Kentuckymen and women, has been orderedhome. It will leave Sarisbury Court,England, at once for the UnitedStates. Maj. David Barrow, commander of the organization, notifiedhis son, Dr. Wbolfolk Barrow, of Lexington, that orders had been receivedto made immediate" disposition of allpatients, turn in all equipment andget ready to start home. Severalmembers of the unit arrived thisweek.Several Bourbon county boys andRed Cross nurses are members of thisunit. Relatives in this city were advised several days ago of the issuanceof moving orders for the members ofthe unit.Mrs. J..-W. Mcllvaine, of this city,received a cablegram from her grandson, Jack, Mcllvaine, in France, announcing the death in a French basehospital, of his brother, Miller (Buddie) Mcllvaine, formerly of. this city.JJThe cablegram gave no particularsother than that young Mcllvaine diedlast Friday in the hospital from theeffects of wounds. He was a memberof the American ExpeditionaryForces, and participated in most ofthe heavy fighting in the big battlesin the world war. Young Mcllvainewas wounded in three places duringthe battle of the Argonne Woods, inOctober. He was a bright, amiableyoung fellow with a host of friendshere, all of whom unite in expressions of sympathy to those from-whom he has been taken.A letter from Private AndrewJackson Turney is always interestingbecause Private Andrew Jackson Turnney always has something interesting to write and always writes in aninteresting way. THE NEWS yesterday received the following letterfrom V Genial -Jack:"."Over In France, Feb. 10. ,"Deaf NEWS: This army thinksmore of its men than one would giveit credit for, in fact, they are so veryfond pf us that orders as to sailinghave been' changed, and it ldoks nowif Mother 'Eartn might change herdress into green and probably brownbefore w,e walkon the gang .plankagain for.the homeward-bound trip."We leave Labienville to-day forThiacoiirt, which is about four kilometers from where the fightingstopped. Our present location is onthe Mine dividing Lorraine fromFrance. We have been sinceNov 20 in a part of France wherethere was no fighting, but from theway I feeUthis morning, last.nigntmust have been spent on the 'Champagne front' A third of our companyas just returned from a pleasuretrin sf fifteen days' sojourn in theAlps mountains. The Alps are verybeautiful, but Ubeliere the moun-lTOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco-WarehouseCompany sold yesterday a total of190.78, an average of $27.72. The,quality of the dav's offering i mwwjwww "UUUU vi wuttwu XUI 1D.U.very poor, and the market showedno advance over last week's prices.Some of the crop averages follow:Thos. Drennan, 3,225 pounds, average ?41.55Miller & Crump, 2,950 pounds,average $32.34.Arthur Harney, 2,950 pounds, average $30.57.King Redmon, 4,555 pounds, average ?38.12.Brennan & Sanders, 1,9995 pounds,average $40.11.Mr. and Mrs. David Johnson, 2,955 pounds, average $38.72.Henry & Johnson, 3,445 pounds,average $32.85.DBJLLING IN B0TJK30N.Dllling for oil will begin within aweek on the farm of Wm. Meteer,near Hutchison, this county.Sometime ago Mr. Meteer starteddrilling for water. One day thedriller lighted his pipe while standing over the hole, and in an instantwas on fire from gas which had ignited. The gas burned for severaldays until the well was plugged.Drilling for oil is to be carried on inthe same hole.tains of Kentucky would appeal tome more. I had not intended takingthe trip, but if our orders remain unchanged, I will be there the first ofMarch for a couple of weeks.Only wish you were along to writeup (not light up) the trip.Hope the boys are getting home onthe double-quick, as home is what weyearn for. The best of luck to everyone. Tell Press Myers or his successors to move the city cleaning wagonwhen I get back, as two steps forward, two steps back is a dance wehave all learned to do."Please phone the folks out homeand tell them I am in the very bestof health and spirits and actually sodog-goned healthy that I am afraid ofmyself. I hope to be home very soon,and will tell you all there is to tell.THE NEWS has not been comingvery regularly, but that it not yourfault, I know, because I have learnedthat the army postofllces will sidetrack: newspaper -mail every -time.Well, the best of luck to everybody."Yours Truly,"JACK."Private Andrew Jackson Turney,"Co. R. 22d Engineers, 4th Bn"American E. F."WE KNOW HOWSpring Showinof ,Manhattan and Wilson Bros.'Celebrated . .ShirtsExclusive patterns are now on display foryour inspection. You wil find the most completeexhibit of fine shirts ever shown in this city at our7store shirts of fine Madaas, Percales, MercerizedFabrics, Crepe Silks and Linens; soft cuffs andstiff, any size, any length sleeves, many desirablepatterns in plaids, stripes and solid colors.$1.75 to $10SPRING STYLES IN STETSON HATSDMPQ Dare now on$7.00 toMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoest Manhattan Shirts, ; Stetson Mats :rBOUBBOIT COUNTY MAN KELDTWIFE'S COMPANION."When Frank Munson, thirty-sixyears old, a farmer residing nersHutchison, this county, found Idwife, Mrs. Emma 3VIunson, aged thir-ey-three,the mother of his six chil-n' - " a. oofn noeCincinnati, Sunday, with Franki i i jFoley, also of Hutchison, he firedthree shots into Foley's body, killinghim instantly.Yesterday's Cincinnati Enquirerprints the following account ot theaffair. Neither Munson or Foley arevery well-known here. The Enquirer vsays:"When Frank Munson, 36 ydtrsiold, farmer, of Hutchison, Bourboncounty, Ky., found his wife, Mrs,Hannah Munson, 33 years old, themother of his six children, withCharles Foley, 24 years old, also ofHutchison, Ky., in a room of a boarding house at 721 Mellwood avenue,Winton Place, yesterday afternoon,Munson fired three bullets into Foley's body, killing him instantly."The shooting occurred shortly af-ter 4 o'clock. Munson arrived inCincinnati yesterday and went to theWinton Place address to inquire intothe whereabouts of his wife. He wastold by the landlady she was in aroom upstairs."When he rapped on his wife'sdoor Foley opened it. As Foley attempted to shut the door to bar hisadmission Munson drew a revolverand fired a shot through the door.He then forced his way into theroom and emptied his revolver atFoley, who was cowering behind thedoor."Without a word to his wife, whoshrank into a corner, Munson calledto the landlady to summon the police,telling her he had killed Foley. Hathen calmly waited in his wife's roomuntil police of the Tenth District arrived and took him Into custody. Hewill be charged with murder this,morning, police say. Mrs. Munson,also was arrested and is being held atthe Place of Detention on suspicion"According to Munson's story he?had no intention of killnig Foleywhen he went to the house. He saidFoley's action in trying to bar himfrom the room enraged him. However, he declared he believed he wasjustified in what he had done, as thiswas the second time Foley had persuaded his wife to leave him and!their six small children."Foley, according to Munson, formerly was a boarder in liis home atHutchison. A year ago, he add, Foley and Mrs. Munson eloped, and after a long 'search they were: locatedin the boarding house at which theywere found yesterday. On that occasion, he said, he persuaded his wife toreturn to him, and for the sake oftheir children, he said, he forgaveher. She again left with Foley lastSeptember, he said."display$10.00teBARS ISJ:? '4i. 1Hi'1 h1I!! !(1 (!1(i1Hia!iMl4 St i:i)t -y; Ii-yF5h3E--aAra -!" ?&fITiiA -.MfcMUj-&i 'I-"srXVr MGE TWOSHE BOURBON NEWSBittMishea 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationffablished Every Tuesday and FridayPr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Jtatered at the Parii, Kentucky,Eotoffice aa Mall Matter of theSecond Clasi.)ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisement!, 11.00 perlack for first time; 60 cents per Inchaeh subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cenU per linech iss; reading notice in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, call on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andImllar matter, 10 cents per Ihi. .Special rates' for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedto -decline any advertisement or otheroatter for publication.Announcements for political officesMust Invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.It's Up to You.We were wandering about the oldtown last Tuesday afternoon and wecame across a lot of tumbledownsharks, worthless outbuildings andrickety fences. As we stopped infront of some dear old homesteads,now going to decay, we thought ifthey only could talk, how they wouldcry out for a new coat of paint andthe repairs so sadly needed. How theywould tell of the days when theyoung-wife came with the new householder and put the bulbs and shrubsout and planned for a home beautiful. These poor old wrecks of buildii ,-. were put up for a specific pur--po.that was to make better living,hut in the years of decay and death,things have changed and they areleft with worn surfaces and shaggyremains of the one-time trim appearance. Oh, how changed Paris would lookil we could refurnish this springfrom end to end. It would be so easyif everyone of us would do his bit.We could make Paris so tidy andpleasing in appearance that we wouldfeel that we had moved to a SpotlessTown, indeed: Tear away the oldwrecks of buildings that are not used Ifor any purpose any more except tomake hideous the surrounding space,pile the fit boards neatly away forfuture use and then whitewash thefences and buildings that are leftstanding. Then paint the home andplant shrubs and flowers in the dooryard. This can not be done by proclamation. It is no use to call a massmeeting to declare a general clean-upday. The only way to accomplishthis wonderful transformation is forAitt fa.milv to do it on their own!premises. Will you do your bit forthe old home town .this spring?Some of us will, Let us all be goodcitizens and let our slogan be,"Paris, busy and: clean."Did' America Win the War?What? must be the thoughts of oursoldiers and sailors when they return, f rom thedih of fighting to hearthe hubbub in-Congress about" American failures in the war?" These menwho drove the Huns from France andBelgium; who saw the German military machine wrecked and shattered;who held the collapse of the greatestmilitary power in history; whomarched into Metz and Coblenz, regarded as impregnable strongholdswhat must -they think rwhen theyhear America'-a-efforts and their ownendeavors described; by Senators andRepresentatives as failures?Did America win. the war? Askthe Germans they appear to be experiencing some sensations of defeat.Was there a breakdown of the American Army? Put the question to theFrench and the English, who knowwhat reverses and handicaps really- rid -alleged American shortcomings endanger the success of theAllied arms? ReacL the terms of thearmistice. Did alleged Americanmismanagement cause an Americanretreat? Ask a soldier or sailoraad. then roar before you get theanswer.About Pree Publicity.Wthen a newspaper gives you a lotof' free advertising in order to boomsojne concert or church entertainjnit which you are interested in,&eep track of the numbeY of linesthat are printed week by week, andmultiply that number by the regularadvertising rates of the paper. Com-.v- euc with the actualTV ( f LLU7 StlAKM -moaey value of any favor that youca get from any other business concent Then take into considerationtk iaot that advertising and circulation are the only two things thatnewspaper has to sell, and in these4ys of higher prices, how much doy think they ought to give awayfoe nothing?. oOf thejlfteen lines comprising thertn ot Chinese government rail-5SSonlrw built by the Chl"usee 'themselves:' . v SFORERUNNER OF THE BICYCLEVelocipede Was Considered a SwiftMoving Vehicle When First Introduced Into This Country.The velocipede made Its-appearancein Washington 50 years ago, much having been heard of this new device,which bad. developed a veritable feverfn France. In an article in the Washington Star of November 20, 1868, itwas noted that the use of this vehiclehad been "brought to such perfectionthat It is claimed 20 miles an hourhas been made with it." The Starsaid:"Lately the velocipede has been Introduced In this country, and ouryoung Americans, who at one timehad the boxing mania, followed by thebaseball mania, are now going strongon the velocipede, and It will doubtless have its run all over the country.Graham, the carriage dealer on Dstreet between 8th and 9th, has Justimported a first-class velocipede, andIt Is an object of great attraction athis establishment. It Is a smart, stylish-lookingaffair, but very simple InIts working. It can be run most rapidly with two wheels, but It is convertible to a three-wheeler. The workingof It brings In play most of the muscles of the body, and it is said to bevery healthful. From the facility withwhich It Is steered or turned, It canbe used on any sidewalk or gravelwalk. The gravel walks of the Smithsonian would be just the thing for veloclpeders. The style of velocipede tobe seen at Graham's Is the latestFrench style, Introduced In this country by the Hanlon brothers, gymnasts." TENNYSON NOT IDEAL HOSTGreat Artist Who Was to Ptint Portrait of Laureate Got Some,what Dubious Reception.Here Is a tale of Tennyson, told bySir Hubert von Herkomer, R. A., whoonce went" to Freshwater for the purpose of getting sittings for a portraitof the laureate:"Getting to the station rather late,I left my things there, not knowingwhat sort of reception I might get.After I had been received by Mr. Hallam Tennyson, the present Lord Tennyson, old Tennyson came shufflingIn he had a shuffling way of walkingbecause he was near-sighted andshook hands with me."'I hate your coming,' he said; Icannot abide sitting.'"That did not seem very promising.However, after he had conversed forsome time he said:" "Where are your things?'"I explained, and thereupon he gotup, rang-the 'bell, and told a servantto fetch my luggage."You had better put up here,' hesaid."I felt I was getting along. Ateleven o'clock I went to my room, stillwondering whether I would succeed Inmy mission or not. Shortly afterwardthere came a rap at the door and Isaid, 'Come In,' turned around and sawTennyson standing In the door. Hesaid:"'I believe you are honest. Goodnight!' and thereupon departed."It was his way of making amendsfor the rather dubious way in whichhe had first, met me."The Swallow's Back.An Indian legend tells us that whenmen first came on earth they had nofire. The Great Spirit taught themhow to do many things; he tnughtthem how to get food from the for-est. fish from the waters and corn andbeans from the earth, but fire theythemselves must learn to make.Even with all the gifts they hadshowered upon them they were nothappy, but kept thinking all the timeof the one thing which they still wnnted, instead of enjoying the manygifts which were already theirs. Allfire was then In the sun. and theycould think of no way to get it. Mencould not reach it in any way, and nobird cared to go after it.Finally the swallows, who could flymore swiftly than any of the otherbirds, offered to go to the sun so faraway and bring this gift to men.The swallow's back is still black,but no one ever tried to get fire fromthe sun again that way. Long yearsafterward men learned how to makefire by rubbing sticks together.Do Away With Mental Lapses.There's little difference between thepupil that sits gazing blankly out ofthe window and the man who sits atthe desk conscious of much to do hutunable to start things. A truant mindIs sure to embarrass any one who permits mental lapses. What right haveyou to be dreaming of -the girl youmight have married when you havetied up to another? What's the useof fussing about the order you lostyesterday? Nothing you can do todaycan redeem It. The only thing possible Is to take your medicine like aman and fortify yourself with everything needed to land the next one. Forget the past and make the presentcount. After all you are living todayand have hope only for tomorrow.Think In terms of making the most ofwhat vou have and the result will beentered onthe credit side of the ledger.Merely Wanted the Materials."So you married my daughter thinking I'd pave the way for you In business? Is that It?""Well er not exactly.. Fd do theI paving, but 1 thought you might furnish the rocks." Boston EveninfTranscript.vTHE BOURBON NEWS W2XS, KENTUCKYTAFT HOPES SENATE WILL APPROVE LEAGUE PLANS.WASHINGTON1, D. C, March 10The following is from the pen offormer President Wm. Howard Taft:"The Senate resolution, moved bySenator Lodge and supported by 37Senators, has been hailed as an indication that the covenant of Paris isnot to be ratified."It perhaps may bear this construction, though its declarations do notnecessarily imply this. It declaresthat the sense of the Senate is againstthe acceptance of the present covenant. "It should be borne in mind thatthe present covenant merely is a report from a committee of the conference, signed by the representativesof the 14 nations who are dictatingthe present peace to Germany."It now comes up in the conferencefor discussion, revision and adoption.Undoubtedly the covenant needs revision. It is not symmetrically arranged, its meaning has to be dug outand the language is ponderous and indiplomatic patois."The form of the covenant is explained by the fact that it is a compromise. France has been strugglingfor a league which should have moreteeth in it, should be a more completeorganization, 'with an internationalpolice, completely formed and constantly on duty, under order of aleague commander, to meet any emergency involving the action of theleague."So far as the United States is concerned it could not furnished forcesfor an army of this kind, to be ordered by a league official into warwithout a formal declaration of warin each case by our Congress, and itsauthority to use the forces for thatpurpose."We may assume that there wasthe same difficulty with other nations. Nor is the existance of such apolice force necessary. France hadin mind an attack by Germany uponher, like that made in the war justending."Not only did France not succeed,.m getting tne international ponceforce, but she did not succeed insecuring a fixed and definite obligation on the part of the nations of theleague to furnished military forcesto protect the covenants of theleague."The only clear positive obligationof the members of the league is tolevy a boycott on the outlaw nations."The Executive Council recommends the amount of military forceeach nation should furnish, but itseems to be left to the nation toollow its own judgment in this reard, and not to declare war at all,; it deems the boycott all that itught to do under the circumstances,"his part of the covenant might belarified."The covenant also should be madelore definite as to when its obligations may define as to when its obigations may be terminated. Ithould be made more definite by adoctrine."There are other ambiguous phrass. One of these, for instance, is inespect to the Executive Council,tfill it need a unanimous vote, or willmajority vote be sufficient wherehere is no specification?The fact that the Senators say its not acceptable is no indication thati :i7 vo.e against ft when proper-y r$viit &"The view of the Senators thateace should first be negotiated, andhen the question of the League ofNations should be taken up in a moreeisurely way, cannot control Mr. Wilson. He believes, as many do whoknow the European situation, thatthe league is an essential to thetreaty in order to make the treatypractical and effective."Almost the first vote of the conference was that the league shouldbe an integral part of the treaty. Wemay therefore anticipate that it willbe, and it ought to be."Mr. Wilson will therefore returnwith the signed treaty having thecovenant in it, and with its threadsrunning through all the articles of thetreaty. It will thus be difficult byamendment to strike out the covenant and leave anything of the treatyof peace."If, however, the Senate insists onamending the treaty by striking outthe covenant, it will indef initelypostpone peace, the immediate consummation of which it now declares to beof the highest importance."When Mr. Wilson sends the treatyto the Senate with the covenant inr it,therefore the situation will be verydifferent from what it is now; Thecovenant probably will' be changed tomeet many of the reasonable objections that have been made."The European countries- aredoubtless quite willing to consent tothem. They have a deep interest insecuring for the league the prestigeand power of the United States, aswell as the advantage of its disinterestedness and typical democracy.They are anxious to secure the assistance of the United States, in order to maintain peace in Europe."We may be sure they are entirelywilling to "leave to the United Statesand other American nations the policing of the Western Hemisphere untilsuch time as an American power shallseek the assistance of European Powers to met emergencies on this side ofthe ocean."The friends of the league are notdiscouraged over the question of itsultimate ratification. They sincerelyhope and believe that with thechanged relations of tne Senate tothe treaty, and with the changes inthe covenant, a sufficient number ofSenators may be secured to take thisgreat step forward toward worldpeace."oBAD TASTE IN YOITR MOUTH.When you have a bad taste in yourmouth you may know your digestionis faulty. A dose of Chamberlain'sTablets will usually correct tho disorder. They also will cause a gentlemovement of the bowels. You willfind this to be one of the best medicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv) mar)o :Services on the county grand juryIs a. new pfivilegeaccordedthe women1 of Los Angeles-and yicinity. -LIFT OFF CORNS!Doesn't hurt at all and costs onlya fw centMagic! Just drop a little Freezone on that touchy corn, instantly itstops aching, then you lift the cornoff with the fingers. Truly! Nohumbug!Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn between thetoes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius. (adv)For Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. F. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tabletsare used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhome. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO.,5"68 McClelland Building,7feb3mosy Lexington, Ky.If you wear Glasses,, have youreyes examined from time to time andgo tor-the place where you can affordto pay a reasonable price for realprofessional service. Rememberyour eye3 are your bread winners.Take care of themt Calls made anyplace in the city orr county.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris. Ky. j(I IIITJH EU N I VER S.AL CARill ' illill - inI III Can you doubt the judgment oi the lollowing farmers: fI III 'J. C. KENNEY 111Hfl i EDWAED SIMMS J U(JULIAN ERANKAYLETTE BUCKNER jllGEO. W. WYATT, JR.Hit JOEHASKINS :ERANK COLLINS " JJ. W. BELL .Ill -rwrrrrx nimnAtr IIIhi isa. v jus rLxxvx ih-DARWIN USHERI III V CHAS. HASKINSIn " 111R All of the above have increased the efficiency on theirIjl farms with a IIII PORDSON TRACTOR .' jll Let our reefular Tractor man demonstrate one to vou.ill 'ill v -.'--Ruggles Motor Co.HI , ABank Row, Paris, Ky.J ' v III nmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmABMY XOmrAL AT W3F lArDEN TO BE ASAJTOOHER-Army General Hospital No. S3?,- &tLong Beach, L; L, N. Y., and GeflfrsHospital No. 35 af West Baden, lm.rare to be abandoned. Surgeon General Ireland announced that the Long,Beach institution would be cleared ofpatients and personnel by March IBand that No. 3S would be abandonedat the expiration of the presentlease, June 30.An English- time-recording machine for workmen uses thumbprints for identification.oKansas is geographically tfce central State of the United States, lyingequally distant from the four" boundaries of the country'.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mamstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0 T: B3NT0N,Agt., Masonic Temple., At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron mares and a carload? every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the farms. See ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time- to responsible partiesWill show you horses any day in the week except Monday.E P. COOK & CO., Lexington Kentucky.Phone, 47; Night Phone 2845Y or 5631. (21feb-lxno)PUBLIC SALENorth Middletown Residence!Having decided to move to Paris to reside permanently, r will sell'at public auction, on the1 premises in North Middletown, amTHURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1919,beginning at 10 o'clock, my desirable home. Also, a 5-acre- tract ofland and a parcel of land? opposite from H S. Caywood's new home, thelast two named tracts facing on College Street. Descriptions follow below: No. 1 My substantial' two-tory frame residence located' on MainStreet, containing 6 rooms; 2 halls, pantry, etc. The lot has thereon agood well, necessary outbuildings, with yard and garden. Possessionwill be given about May I', 1919. vNo. 2 The beautiful buliding lot on College Street?,, oppositethe handsome home of HI S. Caywood and others, and adjoiningthe property of J. C. Bryan and L. R. Henry. This lot has thereon astorage shed under rentaFto R. M. Gilkey until January l, r920, thesaid rental money to go topurch"aser from sale day.This lot will be offered in two equal tracts and then as- a whole.The tracts separately wlIF each have a frontage on College Street ofabout 77 feet. Possessonr-of'the lot, less the shed mentioned above willbe given on sale day.No. 3 Tract of about' 5 acres of land facing on College Street, opposite from K. C. & B. College, and adjoining- the property of W. A.Thomason and J. C. Bryan. This is a beautiful building site and will befirst offered in three parcels and then as a whole, the best bid or bids tobe accepted, each having ample frontage on College Street, and" divided as,follows:The first tract adjofns W. A. Thomasoa: and contains aoout 2 acres orland, good stock barn, water, etc.Second tract contains about one and one-half acres of land, withsgood pool of water, adjoins above tract., The third tract contains about one ami: one-half 'acres- of land, adjoining J. C. Bryan. Has good' pool of water thereon.TERMS Made kitown on day of sale.rUTEERIT. BICE.Agent For Mrs. Katie Rfce.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Autioneer. (T-2ft)T ROSCOE CARMICHALTUESDAY, MARCH 11, If If.Freqient Freifkt ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TcminalCe.Executrix' Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Thomas Henry Clay,Jr.r are hereby requested to presentthem properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned executrix, for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidThomas Henry Clay, Jr., are requested to make prompt and1 full' settlement of such indebtedness with me.MRS. THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.,Executrix Tfios.. Henry Clay, Jr..(7-3t)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron-,hides, junk ana wool:MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, KyCumb: Phone 374.(23-tf) 'OPh&I-h-r:fc-.";?.,.-.hi I.- sV-- VfSi-?'vr?JT?-TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 191$.THE BOVEBON fBEOTS, PABIS, KEHTTTCKTBAJ-i"5v"To Se Is to Believe."If I come In your yard will yourflog bite me?" asked Weary Willie,"I'm not cert&tn, mister," replied thewoman of the house, "but the man whosold him to us says that he'll chase atramp 10 miles without stopping. ButI'm not going to believe it till I see itdone."-'People's Home Journal.War Macaroni.Somebody Is complaining of the sizeof the war macaroni. We have alwayspreferred the 44-calibre kind to thesort they call wermlcelli, as SamlvelWeller would say.CUT YOUR SHOE BILLS"Heretofore, soles never lasted memore than three months, because mywork keeps me walking constantly oncement. But I have worn a pair ofNeolin Soles now for more than threemonths, and judging from their presentcondition, they will last three times aslong." So says G. L. Kerr, managerof an automobile organization inGeneva, N. Y.This extra wear given by NeolinSoles not only makes the shoes soledwith them cheaper by the year thanother shoes, but the price you pay inthe first place is sometimes less thanfor shoes of only ordinary wear.You can get Neolin-soled shoes inmany styles for every member of thefamily. Try these long-wearing, comfortable and waterproof soles on yourworn shoes too. All good repair shopshave them. They are made by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co., of Akron,Ohio, who also make Wingfoot Heels,guaranteed to outwear all other heels.fteoliii Soleslado Mark Be. U. S. Jtt. OCNOTICE!Fruit and Shade TreesStrawberry PlantsClimbing VinesSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinesPerennialsHedgeingRosesEtc.Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Illustrated Catalogs.NO AGENTS.H. F. HILLENMEYER&S0NSLexington, Kentucky(28-mo)Plant FloweringShrubs NowfcvWtowettm afcnriM ar valuable l&aamp material. They &r ecoaontoal1c&use they mature rapidly.good collection will prevent thgreateet -variety of color throarouttka season both in flowers, foliaand berries. We have over lit vasietie described in our cataloguerhieh will be eot tree on request;BothCrescent 52Phonesft Mathews;5WAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFire. TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd Other-' ' Casualties ' .A: J. FEEAGRNTWHOLE FAMILYTAKES MERITONEMan So Pleased With It He GetsMeritone For Wife andChildrenEd. Evans, a well-known and prosperous farmer of Fayette county,near Lexington, Ky., tried Meritoneand It did him so much good that hewent back to the drug store and gota supply for the whole family wife,children and all.On his return to the drug store hesaid:"I'm delighted with this Meritone."I was weak and felt tired out allthe time. In fact, I had influenzaand never did get over it right. Icouldn't eat or sleep right. Why, thesight of food sometimes turned meagainst it. At night I'd just tossand roll and couldn't get my rest."I eat and sleep fine and feel goodsince taking Meritone. I got to bedat 7 or 8 o'clock at night and getright to sleep and sleep straightthrough to morning. Then, when Iget up, I've got the appetite for a bigbreakfast."Yes, sir, I'm delighted with Meritone and I want some more for mywife and children."Thousands of people in many Statesare taking Meritone and praise ithighly. Meritone is best for thoseills most common for ailing conditions of the stomach, liver or kidneys, catarrh, rheumatism and thelike.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)KENTUCKY WAR WORKERS PRESENTED WITH MEDALSThe presentation of three patrioticmedals to Edward L. Hines, presidentof the Kentucky Council of Defense; Frederick M. Sackett, Kentucky Federal Food Administrator,and Mr3. Wm. D. Cochran, in memoryof the patriotic service of her latehushand, featured the session of theState Conference on State Prohlems,held in Lexington at the Universityof Kentucky under the auspices ofthe Kentucky Council of Defense.With the medal to Mrs. Cochranwas presented a memorial resolutionnassed by the Council praising his'work as Chairman of the Committeeon Health and Education and declaring that he gave his life for hiscountry.Mr. Cochran died suddenly several weeks ago in Cincinnati whilereturning to his home in Maysville.The thr.ee medals were presentedby Capt. Charles F. Huhlein, of Louisville, on behalf of the KentuckyCommittee of the National Instituteof Social Sciences, which includesMrs. Cteo. C. Avery, chairman; Mrs.James B. Speed, of Louisville; Mrs.T. Hoyt Gamble and Capt. Huhlein.There is tnore Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local treatment,pronounced incurable. Catarrh is alocal disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catrarrh Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One hundred dollars reward is onerea ior anycase that Hail's Catarrh Medicinefails to cure. Send for circularaandtestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Onio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv) mar)BRIGHTER.EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, ttian a well illuminated house.9seOlectricituTor DgbtinaIt'sthe only satisfactory way.use Sets .for Beating and CooKiiigIt's the" only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You Up. ; For the Use of Both :Electricity ind Gas.vssn r - i aParis Gas & Electric Co.llaoorpmtai)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. J. Cal Holt, of Grand Rapids, Mich,, is a guest of his brother,Mr. J. Harry Holt, near Paris.Mrs. Walter Payne left Saturdaymorning for a visit to relatives andfriends in Warsaw, Kentucky.Mrs. James P. Reynolds, of Cynthiana, is a guest of friends In thiscity. She will visit here severalweeks.Mr. O. T. Wagoner lias returnedfrom a ten-days' stay at the CarlsbadSprings Hotel, at Dry Ridge, inGrant county.'Miss Amye Graham has returned to her home in Falmouth aftera pleasant visit to friends in thiscity and county.Mrs. James M. Arnold, of Newport, is a guest of her brothers, Thos.Hart Talbott and Wm. Garrard Talbott, near Paris.Mrs. James C. Dedman was aweek-end guest of her sisters, Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft and Miss Sallie Ashbrook, in this city.Mrs. Lynn Phillips has returnedto her home in Paris after a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. T.Mason, in Harrison county.Miss Dell Eva Wasson has returned to her home .near Versaillesafter a visit of several days to Mrs.Carrie Woodford, near Paris.Dr. H. M. Hamilton was calledto Yorktown, Indiana, last week bythe serious illness of his wife, whohas been visiting relatives there.Miss Lela Scoggan, society editor of the Louisville Courier-Journal,is a guest of her uncle, Mr. J. J. Redmon, and Mrs. Redmon and family,near North Middletown.Miss Ruth Wheeler, fourteen-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.E. M. Wheeler, who recently underwent a serious operation at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, isimproving.Mr. Roy F. Clendenin has returned from Charleston, West Virginia, where he attended a meetingof the West Virginia General Agentsof the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co. While there Mr. Clendenin was a guest of General AgentsC. M. and H. M. Taylor.(Other Personals on Page 5)oFARMERS ASK APPOINTMENT OPCOUNTY AGENT.At a mass-meeting of farmers ofBourbon county, held at the courthouse, plans were fully discussed forsecuring the appointment of a county agent for Bourbon county. Themeeting was well-attended, and waspresided over by Hon. Matt S. Cohen,Commissioner of Agriculture forKentucky. J. Morgan Hughes, ofBowling Green, Extension Agent ofthe College of Agriculture, was alsopresent, and delivered an interestingaddress.In his address Mr. Hughes statedthat sixty-two counties in the Statehad County Agents and demonstrators, and that in ever instance theyhad proven to be of great advantageto the farmers and the housewives.He said that although Bourboncounty had a wealth of soil fertilityin some sections and in some fields,there were other localities that needed a "soil doctor." He said thatmore silos were needed in the countyand that with the proper interestmanifested the county could becomea great alfalfa and sweet clover producer, both of which, he stated, aregood soil builders. He told thefarmers that knowledge of a balanced ration to be fed to sheep, hogs andcattle was little known and thatgreat improvement could be hadthrough such agencies. Bourboncounty; with all its wealth, he said,could grow in knowledge of the farmand soil fertility, crop rotation, careof livestock and the diversity of thefield crops and could thereby savethousands of dollars now going towaste.oSURELY IS SOME WOMAN!Miss Mary Scott Gayle, 60 yearsold, has never needed the services ofa physician, nor had toothache. Recently, she fell down the stairs, andit was thought she had fractured hershoulder. To the amazement of thefamily, her shoulder was wrenchedback in place, and she suffered no illeffects, returning at once to herhousehold duties.oFORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt Giliad,Ohio": "The editor had an "interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman catne to this officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinized itit, carefully when, a copy was handedhim, and then said: 'Now I know!'What is it you are looking for weinquired: 'Mr wife sent me after abottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and I forgot the name. I went to.several stores and the clerks namedover everything in the line on theshelf except 'Chamberlain's' I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of stores, that they posttheir clerks, and" never let them substitute. Customers lose faith in storeswhere substituting is penitted, tosay nothing f the injustice to makers of good goods and the disappointment of customers.(adv) mar)HISTORIC ROCK POUNDA large rock bearing the lettersand figures "D. B., 1776," the initialsof Daniel Boone, found in a woodland,in Nicholas county, near Blue LickSprings, has been presented to theState Historical Society by Dr. E, F.Knox, of Versailles.GIRLS! GIRLS! TRY IT!STOP DANDRUTP ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR TTATR.Hair Stops Palling Out md GetsAmes, wavy,- strong .:iaBeautiful,Your hair becomes light, wavy,fluffy, abundant and appears as soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine haircleanse.' Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one small strand at a time.This will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt and excessive oil and in just afew moments you have doubled thebeauty of your hair.,Besides beautifying the hair atonce, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; cleanses, purifies andinvigorates the scalp, forever stopping itching and falling hair.' But what pleases you most willbe after a .few weeks' use when youwill actually see new hair fine anddowny at first yes but really newhair growing all over the scalp. Ifyou care for pretty, soft hair and lotsof it, surely get a small bottle ofKnowl ton's Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter for a fewcents.(adv)oiron in Ukralnla.Within the boundaries of Ukralnia are found the principal availabledeposits of iron ore in Kussia. Thedevelopment of the iron ore depositsof the Krivoi Rog district has beenmainly responsible to) the rapidgrowth of the Russian iron and steelindustry, which now depends to anextent of about 70 per cent on theIron ore in the southern part of thecountry.Swift-Running Animals.The swiftest dog in the world, theborzoi, or Russian wolfhound, hasmade record runs that show 75 feetIn a second, while the gazelle hasshown measured speed of more than70 feet a second, which would give ita speed of 4,500feet in a minute if thepace cOjUld be kept up.EAT A TABLET! STOPDYSPEPSIA AT ONCEPape's Diapepsin Instantly Relivesa Sour, Gassy or AcidStomach.When meals hit back and yourstomach is sour, acid, gassy, or youfeel full and bloated. When youhave heavy lumps of pain or headache from indigestion. Here is instant relief!pJust as soon as you eat a tablet ortwo of Pape's Diapepsin all the dyspepsia, indigestion and stomachdistress ends. These pleasant, harmless tablets of Pape's Diapepsin neverfail to make upset stomachs feel fineat once, and they cost very little atdrug stores. (adv)oIn Russia bricks made of coal dustcombined with molasses are resin,are used for paving.INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington PorParisA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50Paris PorLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.A. M.7:215x8:159:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:10P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M. 11:00P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYrWilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376LMiikiMLmwwmmMiHiMiiiirwMn,Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON,INTRODUCING THENBW STYLESFOR SPRING AND SUMMERNINETEEN NINETEEN. The Tailormade SuitIn a diversity of styles fashioned in tricotine, serge,poiret tsrill and gabardine, portraying the new silhouette.' The New Spring CoatsCoats of Cape and Dolman type, developed on slender,straight lines, seem to be the most favored for springwear. The little graces and elegances of detail in thecontour of the collars and shoulders, the finesse of sleeveand cuff detail, express exclusiveness of the highestorder.The New Spring DressesThe narrow silhouette dominates the new dresses, too,and embodies them with a youthfulness that is refreshing. Cunning little pleats, puffings, draperies and theloveliest little sashes and bows adorn these new stylesmost becomingly.The New Spring Skirts -Beautiful plaid and stripe woolens, satin, georgette, crepechene, Fan-ta-si silks in all colors and soft moon glosatins feature our unusually pretty line of separate skirts.Wolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYifi j mt I ill Mm i iw 1 1 mi ji I iii j iii j mj i iii IHere's the big work, little -" jcost tractor the TitanfTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foe"years, and has made good without reservation,j 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords maximum pulling power for its weight, and is suited in every way to tthe general run of farm work. Not too large for the jsmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeof work.Use it with an Oliver Plowi We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best: plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow dear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plovi as well as thaiTitaa tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEjam ' r TJFTPT!iaWsL ' ' asgJT IsflBBBaMMaEBflaaBSflSBBSsWaBSKissssssSflSSflSSflSBSttSBBBjHBSBjBBBBrBKBFaSJBBffBBwBx- -fa'aMHsWMMasjasyirTsaTTMQuality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one: of theKequisites ot I heueparcmenc. v iKENTUCKYmI i m j nt mg wmj mm m mwm mmmmlews Job PHntlnjrial Order Soli ElBmHi-18.!!ifJhU 'i(iIft It.I):5AGE F0TJ1"TPTrTStTHE BOU1SOV HXWSIPAHIS,JKJiHTUtTTTUESDAY, MARCH- Jl, 191S'.JVrV;WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.,Cub Calendar.Paris Litetary Club, March 12."The Kingdom Divided."The Kingdom of Israel, The Kingdom of Judah Mrs. Mitchell.Camt&rison of Kings and Chronicles Mrs. McClure,The Book of Jonah Mrs.. Power.The ProgressiveMarch 13. iCulture Club,I 32urtonsj eonfeciionery StoreJ Successor to Adami & Santi.FIoridaTruitsBox Candiesi'J! Adami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.II!Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesJ For the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONAGENT FOR M. BOLDANIl'SONADA CIGAES1"Spring."Burroughs Mrs. Price."Study of Biids in Poetry.Shellys Shylark, Kate's Nightingale, Tennyson's Song of the WrenMrs. Scott. "Election of Officers.North Middletown Woman's Club,March 14."Songs of the South."Old Kentucky Home StephenFoster.Ladies' QuartetteThe Last Hope, II Tremolo, TheBanjo Gottschalk Mrs. Allie Dickson. Songs Selected Will S. Hays, Louisville Mrs. L. D. Henry.Spring SongsThe Season Hawley Mrs. LoganBryan.Spring Song Hensett Mrs. J. T.Redmon.When Spring- Awakes, The Worldis Full of April, You and I In 'AprilMrs. John W. Jones.Millersburg Twentieth Centry ClubMarch 15.Roll Call Club Notes."March Current Opinion."Persons in Fore-ground Miss McClintock. Music Miss Gaines. -Drama Mrs. Jones.Science and Discovery Mrs.Smith.Hostess Miss Gaines.BOUEBON COUNTY" GBADTTATESAT UNIVERSITY OFKENTUCKY.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoHGHTNING STRIKES BARN.Eighty-six students of the 'University of Kentucky are candidates fordiplomas in June, according ' to anunofficial list given out by ttfe registrar's office.Included in this list are severalwho have just returned to theirstudies from military serivce. It isprobable that several other studentswhose names are nojt contained in thelist may graduate and that a fewnew candidates may fail to graduate. The official list of graduatescannot be given out until the finalexaminations at the end of the second semester have been given.Among those who will receive theirdiplomas are the following fromBourbon county: College of Engineering J. Stuart Wallingford, C.Landen Templin; Arts and ScienceMiss Marie Collins, North Middletown, Mr. John Thornton Connell,Paris, Mr. Eli Baer Friedman, Paris;Home Economics Miss Mildred Collins, North Middletown.WILL NOT BE CANDIDATES FORRENOMNATION.A large stock barn on the farm ofW. H. and J. L. Congleton, nearCamargo, in Montgomery county, wasstruck by lightning during the stormFriday and destroyed by the resulting fire. Sixteen "head of cattle andmuch farming machinery was lost.Loss about ? 3,0 00, partially coveredby insurance.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanPublic SaleOFCottage and Vacant Lot!WVwill sell at public auction for Mrs. Win. Tarr, on the premises,a "North Clifton Avenue,Thursday , March 18, 1919at 2 p. Tfou, her practically new cottage, containing five rooms, two porches, presses, bath, gas, electric lights, concrete walks and shade trees.Lotrfronts 50 feet on Clifton Avenue and extends to Brent Street.Also, vacant lot adjoining cottage, 50 foot, extending to BremtStreet, which will be sold separately, and then as a whole, and best bidaccepted.This is desirable property and well located.TERMS Made known on day of sale.(marll-14-18) HARRIS & SPEAKE6.SPECIAL BIGAUCTION!!Saturday, March 152 p. m.,Dale's Bestaurant) onFor the benefit of possible applicants for positions in the Paris FireDepartment, Mr. J. J. Veatch, Chairman of the Fire and Hose Committeeof the Paris City Council, asks THENEWS to give publicity to the factthat Ullman Lancaster, EdwardMyers and George' Docknebrod, whoresigned their positions in the department some time ago, will not becandidates for the places again, under any circumstances.Several intending applicants forthe positions Jiad been holding backunder the impression that Messrs.Lancaster, Dockenbrod una Myerswould go back in the departmentagain, but such is not the case, andthe field will ge an open one, withthe best men winning out.DON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.oOIL EXCHANGE ANNOUNCESOPENING.To accommodate the large amountof trading in Kentucky oil stocks,the Blue Grass , Oil Exchange willopen an office in this city Saturday,March 1.5. The room at 418 Mainstreet, next door to the BourbonGarage, has been leased for the purpose and preparations are beingmade to insure the opening on nextSaturday. Open call sessions will beheld every Wednesday and Saturdayevenings at 7:30.The purpose of the Exchange is tobuy and sell for its clients on commission all Kentucky oil securities.The directors of the new corporationare Geo. W. Stuart, John M. Stuartand O. T. Hinton.- oSIGNS OP SPBING.Lt the Store 3fcoom -next door to Harris &Street ' '-LOOK FOB THE BED FLAG!We Have received a large consignment of extraNice Furnitureand all kinds of Household Goods-froni different parties, which must bejold to the highest Iridder, regardless of value or sacrifice. The assortmentconsists of Parlor , and Bed Boom and Dining Boom Sets, Stoves,Jtugs, China, Glass and, Cut Glass Ware.Call pn Hr. Weckesser at the Busy Bee Cash Store any time afterWednesday and he will gladly show goods to prospective, bidders.Bemember date and place: ! ' - 'GEO. D. SPEAKER, Autioneer.X. D. HABBIS, Business Manager.Terms cash and all goods must be moved out of building on day ofsale. l (11"2t)spring is surely on tne way.Signs are abundant. The shop windows are giving evidences of thenear approach of mistress Spring.Light, airy fabrics, such as the dear"girls affect through the spring andsummer, all being shown in the windows, while garden seeds, garden implements and other impedimenta thatclog up the house in the gardeningseason, are making their appearance.Boys spinning tops and playing marbles' in the streets constitute anotherimportant, forerunner of the adventof Spring. Oh, yes, Spring is pn theway hut hold on to your heavyclothes just a little longer! VNEW POULTRY HOUSEESCAPE EB0M THE GBEENDALEBEFOBM SCHOOL .1 1kyjLEON:&'Wv& CO.RENAKERtiavt Optnctt a Ntw Poultry In theD"o5 Building f. 0 ftbiite Hotel Windsorlift l' " '. w fJ l VKlll pay the highest cash prices forpoultry, egfSf hides and Junk, Our truckwHI fffwke trips to, the country for lareQuantities of poultry and esrsSM-. T&1-r--.ygfcfcNT ROWNSONf.TFour negro boys, inmates of theGreendale Beform School, near Lexington, made their escape from theschool wagon used for hauling purposes. One of the number was Juinus Ayers, sixteen, sent up fromBourbon county for .housebreakingTwo of the boys were caught and returned to the" institution.oCENTENABY CAMPAIGN SPEAKEB WILL ADDBESS MEETING tIn connection with the CentenaryMovement or tne Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, Mrs. H. H. Hargrove,Secertary of the Woman's Work forthe Centenary, is now making a series of addresses in various SouthernandWestern States. Mrs. Hargrove,will speak" before the annual meetings of the Women's Missionary So-qieues 01 tne conferences in thejouttea uir Illinois, UKianoma, Virginia and Mississippi. ;These meetinirs ar,e now-' in progress and' "will continue-for- several!weeks longer, during which time theefficient Secretary j of the Woman'sW6rk or'thejCentenary will be one ofthe vchief Bpeakers on the programs.3Irs.-Hargrove is. a woman of forc&.and, great earnestness. She believesin the1 Centenary herself and her enthusiasm 4s- contagious. She--statJ.to a: representative of this paper recently "that she was tremendously 4prouq or tne way Methodist -womenwere lining up with the Methodistmen to see that the financial cam-Mirn.of thp rvnit An fiw m.A - ti.1 ' t '-JCaT7 f ' " , ur fevotd. r - ii -v- ..In Holland" a useful Jrum'or-rWiTlANINOUNCIINGTHE OPENINGTHEBLUE GRASSOIL EXCHANGE(INCORPORATED)418 Main St.Paris, Ky.Stocks Bought and Sold atOpen Call Sessions EveryWednesday and Saturday Evening at 7:30 o'clock.Opening DaySaturday, March 15thFirst Open Call Session7:30 P. M. Saturday,March 15th .....fffflWfflWWAWiWWffrfJNew Spring FashionsFrlIn Men's and Young- ClothesHIS SEASON finds new styles in Suits for Menand Young Men, and you can depend on this storefor having every wanted style. Young men whodemand the very latest in clothes can find their tastesatisfied here. We call your attention tp the best sellerwe have the seam at the waistline model. In the firstplace this is an elegant fitting garment, and we havepicked out colors and patterns best suited for this garment. Plain blues, greens, greys and browns, are finding popular favor with the young men.Our services are at your command drop in to-dayand you will be shown the best values in town.$12.50 to $45.00MenTHE HOME OFHART SCMFNER & MARXsCfcpyrtsS: 191S Ilart Schaffacr : Marx.;tv.-(7 ;. '.VAND NOW YOUR SPRING HATi Yes sir, it's here. , Thatnev? SmnfcBjtt v Knqxand Crdf utfe & Kriapp-are- sendfne out ..ithe leading styles m then? lines and-they are some hats! Every wanted style is here in newcolors.. Values; Bupreiaey. r. . .. . ... wm ;. i .;... .;i;. . $2.5Q to- 1 0.OO .D;;;:yD;-::tlSiff PCLJy. i -,. . ,, j. w w K -. -J ' X' TB i 'iAiii! . ;- . m M "- " " . '" Vii , t , m,7th and MainrJOne-Price StoreV'T42to I 'JtA 'rrfi: I..:i4J .Parivky,f1IHflPhofce36rHome Phone 552j is oemg maae .rrom garlic.' -v , '. tffc dQn " "iVSi ' ' -'' .Jrifj-1 -"ty:!., f"Vv."iV fe- CJk!f - -Tvfhi149."l- 5. -i c, J,', V?" V'Ss.?"'v'T't,t-p-,- - .-.v 'T5-inTUESDAY, MA,RCH llr 1919. .5THE BOUBBOH HEWS,pjuw, XEBnriPAGE' JTW 22.39SAiijFOik THE BESTNOTHING ELSENSOCIAL A2fl PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of . OurPeople Here, There aridElsewhere.TOBACCO FERTILIZER ANDTANKAGE.-Swlft'sfhigh grade TobaccoFertilizer; also Swigt's DigesterTankage (60 protein) for hogs,it pays to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar-7-tf)oBIG FUEinTTTRE AUCTIONRemember the Big Furniture Auction, Saturday, March 15, 2 p. m.,next door to (Harris & Dale's Restaurant.) Look for Red Flag.(ll-2t)oNEW AUTOS.The Motor Products Co., of Lexington, announces the sale of a 1-tonInternational Truck to the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., of Paris. ThePhoenix Motor Car Co. announcesthe sale of a Cleveland tractor to Jas.L. Dodge, of near Paris.oGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.oATTENTION, MASONS!Stated convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, tonight, Tuesday, March 11. Let every member be present. By order ofHigh Priest.JOE H. EWALT, Sect.UJSDEB, NEW NAME.At a meeting Saturday of thestockholders of the Co-operative Land& Development Co., it was voted tochange the name of the concern tothe Co-operating Land & Development Co. The action of the stockholders was taken in compliance witha law passed at the last session ofthe Kentucky Legislature.oDCPOBTANT MEETING OF THEDAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACYThere will be an important meeting of Richard Hawes Chapter,United' Daughters of Confederacy, inthe Confederate room at the courthouse, on next Saturday, March 15,at the usual hour.On account of the real importanceof the business to be transacted, it isurged and hoped that every memberwill be present.oBEST QUALITY SEEDS. $Highest quality' Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)oHOME TELEPHONE DIRECTORYOFF THE PRFSS.The new directory for Paris of theHome Telephone Co., is just off thepress from THE NEWS job rooms,and is, as usual, with every class ofwork turned out here, a thing oftypographical excellence. The bookswere delivered to Manager Veatchyesterday, and will be placed amongthe patrons of the city 'and -countyexchanges at once. The book includes a complete directory and numerical list for the Paris, Millersburg, Ldtle Rock, North Middletownand Shawhan exchanges. To use ahomely phrase, "It's all right here,and it's all right all the waythrough."oAMONG THE "TRAVELERS"The Lexington Herald of Sundayhas the following notes of interestin its "United Commercial Travelers" column regarding Paris people:"Ben 'Uneeda' Downey and HarryWerner made an auto trip throughCasey county- the past week and thehard luck part was ' that they gotstuck in the middle of Green River.We hope that there will "be no serious after effects from, their wadingout of the river, i! traveling manhas all sorts of experiences. ClaySutherland', representing Swift &Company, -headquarters'Paris, was inLexington $b.e past week. . Bob Goggins, representing Bryan Hunt C6mpany, was in the city the past week."oINSURANCE.Fire, tcrnado, Lightninj,Automobile and Hail.i r YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf-iAT THE ALAMO -AND THE PARISJ GBAND,'I To-day,' Inarch 11 -Vivian Martin,iW Miran'de Smiles;' 'Cardl Hallowayand-Antonio Moreno in "The'. IronTest;" Harpld Lloyd -Comedy, "Two-Scrambled.'' -" " -To-morrow, Wednesday, March 13TBillie Burker-in J'The Make-BelieveWife;" Bijg V Comedy, "Traps andTangles; ".paramount Pictograph. 'The Paris Grand, Thursday, Friday and Sktoirday, March 13, 14 and15 Zrrows Zigzag Town Girls,presenting min&ture, musical -comedyof the better cliee' apd" "vaudevillespecial tleij.Ooe showjsach night, beginning at "7:30. Picture programat The Akuno in. the "afternoon only.Mr. Coleman. Renick, of Paris.was a guest of friends in Danvillelast week. -Mr. S. B. Clift and family willmove this week to Crittenden, Grantcounty, to reside.Mrs. John Kiser and Mrs. Callie Keller have returned from a visitto Mrs. Nell ,Bryan, in Covington.Mrs. Lizzie Collins, who recently sold her farm near Paris, hasmoved to Richmond to make her future home.Miss Susan Howard, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howard, ofParis, was a week-end guest of Mrs.Win. Howard, in Richmond.Mr. Jas. H. Moreland, of theBourbon Oil and Development Co.,spent the week end at home after abusiness trip through the oil districtof Eastern Kentucky.The newly-organized BourbonCotillon Club will give its first of aseries of cotillon at the MasonicTemple, in this city, on Monday,March 24. Music will be furnishedby Smith's Saxophone Qunitette.Miss Mildred Collins, daughterof Mr. and ,Mrs. J. T Collins, ofNorth Middletown, who will graduate from the University of Kentucky,will go to Cleveland, Ohio soon, toassume work in the Home ServiceSection of the Red Cross. Miss Collins is at present supplying as teacher of Latin at Hamilton College, inLexington, until the vacancy can bemiea.The annual Pan-Hellenic danceof the University of Kentucky wasgiven on Friday evening at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington. It wasa delightful reunion of the fraternity jmen, of the University, the faculty,the students who have returned fromthe war service, and their friends ofLexington and other cities. Amongthose from Bourbon county whoparticipated in the pleasures of theevening were Mr. and Mrs. JamesW. Thompson, who assisted in' receiving the guests; Misses LilianMildred, and Marie Collins; Messrs.Thornton Connel and Preston White.oBASKET BALL GAMES.t , RELIGIOUS. 111:.........: WINWW I vllll w MilThe Training School sessions atthe Baptist church are growing ininterest and numbers at each session.Sunday night Secretary Gardner,State Secretary of B. Y. P. U. workin Texas.poke to a large audienceon the subject of "Trained ChurchMembers." He will speak Tuesdayand Thursday evenings at 8:30 inthe church auditorium. Secretary J.R. Black, State Secretary of SundaySchool Nwork in Kentucky, spoke lastnighton the subject, "Seven Symptoms of Sunday School Success." Hewill speak again Wednesday eveningon the subject, "How to Make a Sunday School Go." The public is cordially invited to attend these servicesat 8:30, held in the church auditorium. Stereopticon pictures will beshown each night..The classes begin at 5:45 eachafternoon, and will study methods ofSunday Sbhool and B. X. P. u. worK.A lunch will be-served free to allwho attend these classes. The Sunday School and Young Peoples' Society workers of the various churchesare invited to attend these classes.The program each day is as follows: 4:30 to 5:30 Junior B. Y. P. U.workers' meeting.5:45 to 6:00 Devotional period.6:00 to 7:00 Classes on SundaySchool and B. Y. P. U. methods.7:00 to 7:30 Lunch.7:30 to 8:30 Classes in SundaySchool and B. Y. P. U. methods. "8:30 to 9:00 Popular address. 'tiXinS0MELY PRETTYSuits and Goats!CHRISTIAN CHURCH BANQUETThe Lexington Y. M. C. A Midgetsbasketball team defeated the ParisPublic School Midget team in the second game of their series at the Lexington Y. M. C. A., Friday night bya score of 15 to 11. White, of theParis squad, got seven points in therun-in.The Lexington High School fivedefeated the Paris High School teamin a fast srame on the Lexingtonfloor Friday night by the score of23 to 17. The feature of the gamewa? n' tnss made bv Roberts, of theParis team, from the other endvof thefield into the Paris goal withouttouching the rim. Paris lined up asfollows: Robert and O'Neal, forwards; Rice, center; Dundon andTucker, guards. The game was reereed by Coach Andy Gill, of theUniversity of Kentucky.The Paris Girls' High School teamwon the State championship Fridaynight when they defeated the Lexington High School team on the Lexington floor by a score of 24 to 22.The feature of the game was theplaying of Miss Ruby Elder, forParis, she getting six field goals toher credit. Miss Potter, of the Lexington team, played the best defensive. The Paris girls' " team Tiavebeen defeated once, that being whenthey were taken into camp at Maysviile early in the season by the Maysville team.A banquet will be given in the parlors of the Christian church in thiscity next Friday night, March 14.Covers will be laid for two hundred,including the officers and teachers ofthe school, members of the Women'sand Men's Bible Classes and those ofthe classes of Mrs. Funk and Mr.A. L. Boatright. An elaborate menuwill be served, and several notedchurch workers will respond to appropriate toasts. The occasion promises to be one of great pleasure to allwho attend.For SaleBuff Orphingtons and White Leghorns, Cockerels, Alfred Clay -strain.(11-tf) CHARLTON CLAY.You'll find it pleasant to review such a wellselected showing. The styles are enticing fortheir beauty and value-attractiveness.Choosing from our displays means exercisinggood judgment .,9Dolmans, Capes, Suits, Coats,Dresses, Waists, Skirtsand Millinery"HARRYM224-22S West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.TOBACCO COTTONLost, Strayed or Stolen.From the D. G. Taylor place, nearParis, one dark Jersey heifer. Waslast seen near Paris. Reward for herreturn or information leading to herrecovery.CHAS. DEARING,(11-tf) ' Cum. Phone 641-M.NOTICEI will not be responsible for anybills charged to me, unless contractedin person or upon written order fromme.(ll-3t) C. M. COYLE.Upholstering andRepairing.The Hicks Furniture Co. hasopened at No. 4 Broadway, Paris,Ky. Ph6nes 840. Furniture boughtand sold.C. M. COYLE, Upholsterer.(ll-4t)AA 6c yd.V. r;liw-'-SS.At-I I .TT-VSimonIMU'IPft1'"From 10 A. M. to 3 P. M., SATURDAY ONLY.The FairSpecial Clean-Up Sale of WindowShades, assorted sizes and colors anda big Bargain at these prices:LOSTLost, somewhere in Paris, Autompbile License Tag, No. 7241. Returnto NEWS office and 'receive reward.(H-tf)Auto Tire Lost.Lost, between Lexington and Carlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toDONALD B. NEAL,346 East Main St,(11-tf) Lexington, Ky...WANTEDTwenty-five more girls wanted toselect turkey feathers. Splendid opportunity to make good wages. ;FEATHER PRODUCTS CO.,' . ,JDow Building, Paris, Ky.(ll-2t)TORSM-E! :One Cypers Incubator; one Mandy-Lee .Incubator, and two good .brooders. Call 'Cumberland noseo1 s; MRS. A. M. CLAYTON, - -i852South Main. St,., ParisKy. ." Cir-4t) ' '" r- -;' " 'Room For JtentWidth32-inch36-inch3 8 -inch-42-inch42-inch48-inch54-inchLength6-foot6-foot6:foot6-foot7-foot6-foot7-footWhite69c73c89c97c99c$1.00$1.10Green.. 57c69c. 98ci r.i.menC 3, on Secoid-flcor-toffiobneeltJFtaLts. corner of Main and x Eighth-atreet. - - ---.-.MRS. MAGGIE" McCLINTOCK.fl'l-lt) 'Cream, Tan, Canary and Brown atabove price. Sale closes positivelyat 3 p. m.Genuine Congoleum Rugs; 18x3 6inches, all. colors, yourvchoice 25cReal Felt Rugftr-large sizes, $2.75to $3.50 value, at $1.98.Linoleum and Congolen remnants,from 4 to 6 yards in a piece, 2 yardswide, at 69c,, a square .yard.WALL PAPERSpring is almost here. In a weekor two you will suddenly realize howlittle you have done, and how muchmiore. you have still to do in Springdecorating. All the new Spring designs and colorings in Wall PapersrA nnxtf nn dimlav. Let us tirove toyou by, estJimlattngon the decoration jof your room, wnax a saving we canmake for you.' fyXKDY SPECIAIS' "" TOB THE ENTIBE WEEK.. - Chocolate Covered - -Cherries - - incream, 6c a package.Toast-C!pccnut-Marshinallpws .apound 25c . . tiVNut &eam Caramels,- assorted flavors, per pound 25 c.'iHouseFurniBhings- at'a-10' aav-'4hg-or.32uf , 3"feek- : ;.v "-.-Aluminum specialties, such as Preserving JKettleSlatf sizes,. Baking.Pans PiePansrSoup- Strainers, Per-colatQr&i-Teakettles;and also .beautiful' line vof pure White and Whiteand THne'r'flAd White Mottled Enamelled Steel Ware, Pish Pans, CoffeePots, Infants' BatH Tiibsetc.' ) Automobile Wind"Shie)d'GJassallsizes in stock.Twenty Days LeftIn Which to Get20 Per Cent Off of Our Tremendous Stock ofFurniture, Wall Paper, Rugs and Linoleums.1 NWs UomeLover:sI Read eyery week1 what we sew abouVJunusWrna your ttome-w . &mt - mmiliWkm .v M-i'm immm.MwmmxBVT vOur February and -MarchSale Has Been a Tremendous;:;; -. . Success! .? --..Vliy? Because we have done exactlyas we advertised.j r ; "3 -THE r AIR.We Are Makingthe Sales in theFace of All Competition !To Come to OurStore is to Buy Here.We are also showingsomeExtraSpecialsIn ;Odd PiecesWe may , haire , jastwhat yon want' ' ' rZ '" -'. - ' r .tHe j, x.MOTOR HEARSE1"EiTt-iERPHONE" 3S'it ' TMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGV 7 -'('SIXTH AND MAIN STS. ; .,aMMk'f:3Vy--!(iryJUi"Xta.i' fiIKi gLIrrH:iiI-! Si3r:e"M7IA.'"v tr s.y-' "dK-i - -ar'i. ' ' ajar - vtJ ,"!&''PAGE SIXTHE BOUBBOH'HEWS; ifAMS, KEOTIhSET. TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 191&Ssv -"'.-'."JNo Wastingof Bar Soap!NO decidedly no, whenGRANDMA is around.No bar soap lying inwaterwastingaway No chipping,slicing or shaving off more than youneed. GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoap-and it is Powdered. That'sthe big secret. You just measureoutwhatyouneed, nomore. Sprinkleit in the tub and presto just likemagic, millions of glorious, cleansingsuds in an instant. Then, the whitest,cleanest, freshest clothes that everbung on a wash line.Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!M VXy-biiiiiki. V"?88s5Sfe3rmn3Larger .PackageA3WUAL REPORT OF STATE Y.M. C. A.Plain talk is to be the order of theday in regard to criticisms of theoverseas work of the Y. M. C. A. atthe annual banquet of the KentuckyState Y. M. C. A., at the SeelbachHotel auditorium, in Louisville, onthe night of Thursday, March 13.Urgent pleas are being sent out allover the State for a large attendancein order that workers in the Association may know how to meet Jthecriticisms of the war work. It is expected that fully 500 will sit downto the banquet and for the first timein the history of the State Association, the ladies will be invited.Dr. E. Y. Mullins, President of theSouthern Baptist Theological Seminary, of Louisville, who has been incharge of the religious work carriedon by the Y. M. C. A. at Camp Taylor for the past year and a half, hasbeen making an investigation of reports of the "Y" work in Prance byinterviewing returned soldiers at thecamp. In addition to the reportwhich Dr. Mullins will make, an officer of the regular army and a returned soldier who have seen overseasTake theFugazzi WayToBusiness SuccessYou young men and womenof Paris and vicinity cannotafford to procrastinate anyany linger. Now is the timeto act. The "Fugazzi Way" isthe sure way to business success. All we ask is a. thoroughinvestigation after that weknow we'll have the pleasureof enrolling you.Start that investigation today, by sending for our booklet, "The Fugazza Way Leadsto the Highest Positions.""Efficiency is Our Watchword." Mrs. L. V. Jones, Principal; L. P. Southern, Business Manager.Fugazzi Schoolof Business118 N. Upper St., Lex. Ky.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Principal,service, will tell of conditions as theysaw them abroad.The State work will be presentedby State Secretary P. C. Dix, whowill outline the proposed new Statewide program, considered by far thej most progressing step taken( by any! State Y. M. C. A. in this country,and which has aroused nation-wideinterest. Associate State SecretaryC. A. Tevebaugh will tell of the workin the State during the past year.On Friday, March 14, the annualState meeting will be held at theCentral Association building, cornerThird and Broadway. All associations in the State are entitled to fromtwo to twenty delegates, based uponmembership. Annual reports will begiven and the new State plan will beup for adoption. Members of theState Managing Board will be chosento succeed the following whose termsexpire: L. K. Webb, J. C. Mahon,Geo. L. Burton, F. H. Goodridge, Dr.R L. Ireland and John W. Price, allof Louisville; Dr. C. B. VanArsdale,Harrodsburg; B. Y. Willis, Nlcholasville; Douglas Graham, Pembroke;John S. VanWinkle, Danville; Prof.B. T. Spencer, Winchester; Prof. L.Hill, Georgetown; J. H. Letcher,Henderson, and White L. Moss, Pineville. oA CHILD'S TONGUESHOWS IF LIVER ORBOWELS ARE ACTIVEIf Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,Give Fruit Laxativeat Once.Big Special!.iEvery mother realizes, after givingher children "California Syrup ofFigs," that this is their ideal laxative, because they love its pleasanttaste and it thoroughly cleanses thetender little stomach, liver and bowels without griping.When cross, irritable, feverish orbreath is bad, stomach sour, look atthe tongue, mother! If coated, givea'teaspoonful of this harmless "fruitlaxative," and in a few hours all thefdhl? constipated waste, sour bile andundigested food passes out of thebowels, and you have a well, playfulchild again. When its little systemis full of cold, throat sore, has stomach-ache,diarrhoea, indigestion,colic remember, a good "insidecleansing" should always be the firsttreatment given.Millions of mothers keep "California Syrup of Figs" handy; theyknow a teaspoonful to-day saves asick child to-morrow. Ask yourdruggist for a bottle of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," which has directionsfor babies, children of all ages andgrown-ups printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here, sodon't be fooled. Get the genuine,made by "California Fig Syrup Company." (adv)oKid gloves are made of sheepskinor lambskin, but never of kidskin.sfBigggggggggg;tjyggggggs-s55i5fiimiv10 Pound BucketRureLard$2.50if - 'el1 k -MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketTobaccomCottonlGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPriceTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.DESOLATE CITY IS NISHAPURHome of Writer of the Rubalyat Oneof the Most Forbidding Spotson Earth.The isolated city of Nishapur, inPersia, was the home of the Persianbest known of all his nation to thewestern world Omar, surnamedKhayyam, or the Tentmaker, authorof the RubaiyaU. The poet "is still oneof the great historic figures in his ancient city, but he is remembered therenot as a poet or a tentmaker but as asage, philosopher, astronomer andmathematician.Nishapur lies in a barren uplandplain, many days' overland journeyfrom the nearest railroad point. It isencircled by mountains, most of whichare low and barren. The northernrange, however, rises to a considerable height, and through many monthsof the year is peaks are white withsnow. The lower slopes have a curious reddish tint, due to iron In theearth, so that rare and delicate colorcombinations are formed at dawn andtwilightLooking southward from his city,Omar saw a level, featureless plain,depressingly treeless, save for hereand there a .clump of slender poplars.The winter turned it to a lifeless gray ;in the summer, pitiless sunlight andchoking dust tormented the eyes. Onlyfor a brief spring season did the freshgreen of growing crops, the cool miststhat rose after the early rains andthe rainbow gleams of pale color fromthe mountains lend the vista amelancholy charm. Beyond the plainrose another row of low hills, and beyond that, he knew, stretched the endless desert. Each year a few weeksof joy and beauty; between mountainand desert a few miles of half kindlyman-tilled earth bits of respite thathardly broke the hoslile round of nature it Is easier to understand the defiant pessimism of ttie Rubaiyat afterseeing Nishapur. Chicago DailyNews.GREAT POET'S LIFE UNHAPPYJohn Milton, Wonderfully Gifted Intel-lectually, Was Yet a Man ofMany Sorrows.The great English poet, Milton, isdescribed at the age of sixteen as"scholarly, accomplished and as handsome a youth as St. Paul's had sentforth." 'That was at the age when,having finished preparatory school, hewas ready for the university.He was born on Broad street, London. His father was a man of education, with a decided talent for music.Milton inherited all his 'esthetic qualities indeed, the rougher element atcollege called him "the lady," thoughall recognized his intellectuality. Evenat that period, long before he wastwenty, he contemplated writing thegreat "Paradise Lost," which was notfinished, it happened, for forty years.During that long lapse of time Milton had started his reputation by thetwin poems, "H Penseroso" and "L' Allegro;" had married a mere child ofseventeen an unhappy marriage, as itturned out; had written some stirringpamphlets; had almost been killed foropposing the leading politics; had remarried and been left a widoweragain; had lost his sight; had foundthe-three neglected children of his firstmarriage not model daughters; hadlived in terrible loneliness in spite ofhis great fame, and had been persuaded to marry a third time, for the sakeof being looked after.He was an old man when the great"Paradise Lost" appeared, which iscalled "one of the few monumentalworks of the world," and his deathfollowed some ten years later.Hew Toiti Repulsed Bore.Many famous singers were pupils ofTostl. During one of the busiest ofhis mornings, when he had a long listof sjnging lessons to get through, aknock came at the door of his flat.His valet-being ill, Tostl went t6 thedoor himself. A lady, strange to him,stood on the threshold. "Signer Tosti?"she inquired. Tosti bowed. "Oh," saidthe lady, T am singing your song, 'MyMemories,' at Manchester tonight, andI want you kindly to run through Itwith me." "Madam," answered Tostl,politely but firmly, "I fear It is impossible. I have two pupils with menow, and a third is waiting In the anteroom, while others will arrive shortly." "But you must," the lady perslsted. "I am sorry" began Tosti again,when he suddenly received a violentpush backwards, and the lady walked.into the studio. Tosti followed, protesting. After a long argument, whichthreatened every moment to becomeheated, the lady snapped. out: "Verywell, then, I shan't m sing your song."'Madam," said Tostl, taking her bythe hand, "I am infinitely obliged toyou." The lady gave him one look andfled.St. Brice and Football.In.-November Is the festival of StBrice, who may be called the patron, saint of football players, not alone because his feast day comes during the-season-of the gridiron game, but for.quite another reason. St. Brlce's daywas long generally observed In England, and in the -year 1002 the celebration took the form of a general massa'eref the Danes.. It was on that day,according to tradition, that the English ame of football was invented,with the head of a Dane as the? ball.St Brice, of course, was not responsible for either ithe. massacre or" the' football game, having died some six contvriee before. He was a bishop ofTour and-Uvedln the fifths century, -Mnowy.oVifflLiMK H HHl BmlmsThis great "Book of Bargains"is just off the press and we willgladly mail you copy on request. It contains the most wonderful lot of bargains we have everoffered, each page -containing articles atmoney-saving prices. As an example, finequality apron gingham is offered at 10cper yard, or 10 yards for $1. Women's PatentLeather Button Shoes, specially priced at $1.89.-Whynot order a pair when sending your request for the "Book of Bargains"? Rememberthat our unconditional guarantee stands behindevery item listed. Our guarantee is the foundation of your confidence and the assurance of yourcomplete satisfaction.Send your Order or Catalogue request toKKESS'MAIl.ORDER'StoresNASHVILLE, TENN.Post-War Shoe Sale2100 pairs o!Women's Patent, LeatherShoes, $1 89only . . .Sizea: 2.' 3. Si. 4. 4h 6. 5.6. 6. 7. 7i and 8.H4320. A Very Desirable Model That HasFound Great Favor withHundreds of Women. Itis at once dressy and mostappropriateforstreefwear.Has medium high buttonedcloth top, patent leathervamp, perforated tip and18-inch Cuban heeL Leather outersole. In this instance we have beenable to keep down theprice of this shoe, inspite of the fact thatall materials used inthe making have increased in price.Give size.Stwaj Wojtt, Z-B.mrMfsmSTATE CONFERENCE ON PROBLEMS COME TO CLOSE.The last day of the State Conference on Kentucky Problems, in session at Lexington, was given over tosubjects coming under the generalheading, "Community Organization."Mat S. Cohen, State Commissioner ofAgriculture, presided at the morningsession, while President Frank L.McVey, of the University of Kentucky, presided at the afternoon session. Dr. L. lr. Lumsden, of the UnitedStates Public Health Service, spokeon Rural Sanitation. He said that38 per cent, of the- men called formilitary service were unfit physicallyand made so by preventable diseases.Dr. Arthur T. McCormick, StateHealth Officer for Kentucky and lateChief Health Officer for the PanamaCanal Zone, said that more than halfof the men found unfit for militaryservice are as worthless and uselessas citizens as they would have beenas soldiers.Dr. A. J. Gantvoort, of Cincinnati,discussed the "Choral Society andCommunity Singing" as an important element in community organization. oSynthetic milk is being producedfrom peanuts by European chemists.THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Total Sales for the Season6,116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47-jWe hold the season average for the ParisMarket and State of Kentuckyu (Books Shown in Proof of Abovt Claims.);:Wc Lead the State!-;ai.Plenty of Room to Get In! 'Drive Right In!ev VThe BourbonTobaccoWarehouseCo.A n(Incorprattd)PARIS, KENTUCKYN'. -. x - ' , rj.?rh. ,rKESDAY. MARCH 11, -1919.jfcrWJS 6tHl6if KfeWS, AIS, QXTUOKt"srijPASS SZYIsf,.- 'IM-IPERUNAWonderfulRemedyFOREFFECTSOFLAGRIPPEMr. Geerge E. Iiiw, 12 North.Franklin St, Br&sil, Indiana, hasa word of cheer for sufferersfrom L&Grippe ant its results.IIiM t Tablet Perm814 KfttjwhereRead His Letter"I have suffered for the x lasttwo winters with that terribleilsease, IGrle. Having oftenheard of the great value of Peruna I decided to try it. I kaveemly nsed. four bottles and I donot now have any had effectsfrom the Grippe as it has justabout entirely disappeared, andmy general health is gee. I amsatisfied that Peruna is a waderfol reaeir, and I do mostheartily endorse and recommendIt for iAGrippe."WHEAT IS A VITAE PROBLEM,( Women Soldiers In China.China had women soldiers long before they were known In Russia. During the Tae Ping rebellion, 1850,women as well as men served In theranks. In Nanking, In 1853, an armyof 500,000 women was recruited. TheyFere divided into brigades of 13,000Mch and were commanded by womenofficers. 4jJTRY THIS TOR SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed. (adv)(adv)mar)oIfIf I only had the money! Money,money, how hateful you are, but oh,5ww I need to have you! ElizabethHasanovitz, in the AtlanticKENTUCKY HIGH SCHOOLSHOLD DEBATES.TOBEiTER THAN CALOMELThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets area Harmless Substitute.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substitute for calomel are a mild but surelaxative, and their effect on the liver iaalmost instantaneous. They are the resultof Dr. Edwards determination not to treatliver and bowel complaints with calomel.His efforts to banish it brought out theselittle olive-colored tablets,j These pleasant little tablets do the goodthat calomel does, but have no bad aftereffects. They don't injure the teeth likestrong liquids or calomel. They take hold ; burvt U1C uuuuic tuxu vjuii-rviy iajj.j.&i-i. it- r j.jrcure the liver at the expense of the teeth?Calomel sometimes pliys havoc with thegums. So do strong liquids. It is best notto take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets take its place,i Most headaches, "dullness and that'kzy feeling come from constipation anda disordered liver. Take Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and"heavy. Note how they "clear" cloudedbrain and how they "perk up" the spirits0c and 25c a box. All druggists.Plans for a series of debates forthe High Schools of Kentucky to beheld under the supervision of the department of English, University ofKentucky, are now being formulatedand the preliminary debates will begin between now and April 15. Thefinal debate among the winners of theprelinJTnary contests will be held atthe University some time in May."Resolved That cities of Kentucky which have a population over5,000 should adopt the city managerplan of government," is the subjectthe High Schools will discuss. TheUniversity library is preparing package libraries of books, pamphlets, reports, magazine articles and newspaper clippings on this subject andthese packages will be loaned for a.period of two weeks to High Schoolswhich are preparing debates. TheBereau of Debating and Public Discussion of the University, which willhave charge of the debating contests,has grouped the High Schools of theState likely to participate in the contests into triangular groups, withLexington, Louisville and Frankfortpitted against each other. Othergroups, tentatively arranged, are asfollows: Covington, Dayton andNewport; Dry Ridge, Walton and Independence; Owingsville, Mt. Sterling and Sharpsburg; Cynthiana,Winchester and Paris; Hopkinsville,Bowling Green and Central City;Henderson, Owensboro and and Madisonville; Paducah, May field and Fulton; Anchorage, Lagrange and Shelbyville; Danville, Nicholasville andRichmond; Maysville, Carlisle andFlemingsburg; Ashland, Cattle ts-and Louisa.oSTOP PAIN! RUB OUTNEURALGIA TORTUREInstant Relief! Rub Neuralgia PainProm Your Pace, Head or BodyWith "St. Jacob's Liniment."OurClienteleGrowsNot Upon Promisesbut uponPerformancesWtart Plonttrs inDry Cleaning andDyeingIn Business Sinct 1836Prompt DellvtrltsTHE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut St.CINCINNATI(mar4-lmo)You are to be pitied but remember that neuralgia torture and painis the easietst thing in the world tostop. Please don't continue to surer;; it's so needless. Get from yourdruggist the small trial bottle of "St.Jacob's Liniment;" pour a little invour hand and gently rub the "tender nerve" or sore spot, and instantlyyes, yes, immediately all pain,ache and soreness is gone."St. Jacob's Liniment" conquerspain. It is perfectly harmless. anddoesn't burn or discolor the skin.It never fails to stop neuralgia paininstantly, whether in the face, heador any part of the body. Don'tsuffer!(adv). oWILL GROW P0R YEARS.Fresh asparagus is one of the mostdelightful of all the extra early vegetables. It comes at a time wheneveryone is tired of a winter. dietand because it comes from the sameroots season after season, it snouiabe a part of every farmer's . garden.And because a good bed will remainin full bearing for a number ofyears, it will pay to do the workwell.The fullest and latest instructionsfor planting and handling of asparagus, both for the home table and themarket, can be gotten' in "AsparagusCircular No. 68." A post card or aletter to the College of Agriculture,at Lexington, will bring it at onceAfter using up their own production of wheat up to August 1, 1919,the European countries, exclusive ofRussia and' Germany's Allies, willneed 75,000,000 bushels. The estimated surplus stock of wheat in Argentine, Canada, Austria and theUnited States, which are the principal wheat producing countries, willbe approximately 708,000,000 bushels. However, this seeming worldsurplus would be consumed in sixtydays by the other peoples of Europeand Asia, who, as a result of the war,are underfed, and in many places today starving. Undoubtedly, if theUnited States Government were toput a ban on the exporting and importing of wheat, and if Qur own surplus of 267,000,000 were allowed afree market within our own bound-ries, the price of wheat and of wheatflour would drop to or below its prewar level, but this is economicallyunfair because the farmers would bebankrupt, who, on representation ofthe Government, have invested largeamounts at high prices in seeds, labor and machinery for the purposeof stimulating and increasing production as far as possible. Also,wheat production would fall off, andthe anticipated surplus would notbecefcne a real surplus.On the other hand, in order to provide jobs for everyone, the war being over, it is necessary to havecheaper raw materials, greater production, and some people believe, acost of living very much lower withthe resultant decrease in the wagescales. Cheaper wheat would help tobring about this condition.It is very hard to reconcile the twopoints of view, but in one case, thewar-worried people would be calledupon to undergo a great privationand perhaps starvation because ofour selfish interest.In the second case, our farmers asa class would become bankrupted atthe expense of tire industry of thecountry. It is very evident that thepeople of Europe must be fed at anycost; that the farmers guarantee of?2.26 per bushel for wheat must befulfilled, and that the cost of ourbasic food production must throughfreedom ofsmovement, reach a priceas determined by supply and defnand.These three needs can be met by thepassing of the bill, which is beforeCongress at the present time, andwhich provides that the Governmentappropriate $1,250,000,000 and purchase at the guaranteed price of$2.26 per bushel at Chicago, tnetotal wheat supply; that the surplusneeded for Europe be sold at such aprice as will be fet by an International Grain Commission. Tnen alter setting aside a "carry-over" supply for our needs, let further importsor exports be prohibited, and let thegrain have a free market and thusacquire a real value. This wouldtend in some way to reduce the priceof flour and wheat products to theconsumer and thus to the extent thatit is a vital'factor in the cost of living, the cost of living would be reduced and consequently wages.The difference between the guaranteed price by the Government andthe real value of the wheat in theopen market would result in a loss,but this loss could be made up outof the National Treasuary throughtaxation on the public where it belongs rather than upon the faineror the consumer. This would alsonot involve taking our total grainsupply at the expense of the peopleof Europe where no wheat crop isavailable and where people are starving. In other words, by the taxationmethod, the loss would be moreequally distributed and the greatestgood would come to the greatestnumber not only here but in Europe.oPAY AND FILE "INCOME TAXBEFORE MAR. 1 5U. . Internal Revenue BureauGives' Warning That SeverePenalties Will Be Enforced.WOMEN WITHIN L'AWS SCOPE;HOW THEY REPORT INCOMEDIZZINESS IS ANNOYINGAs Many Paris PeopleWell.Know- Too11IGE67 W." DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.!XIIX:A MAN AND HIS WIFEWhen the kidneys are weak or disordering, they fall behind in filtering the blood of poisons. As thesepoisons attack the nerves, the resultis felt in spells of vertigo, just asdrunkenness will make a man dizzyfrom the poisoning of alcohol. Dizziness, headache, backache and irregularity of the kidney secretions areall signs of weak or disordered kidneys and should not be neglected.Use Doan's Kidney Pius, tne nomeendorsed kidney remedy. Read thisParis resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and some times was in a serious condition. I had a constant dullache across the small of my back andt wM terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's ' Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the- complaints."(adv)The Income Tax drive comes to adose on Saturday night, March 15.All payments and returns due onthat date under the provisions of thenew Revenue Law must be in thehands of local Internal Revenue Collectors before their offices close that nightThe Income Tax Is being collected tomeet the war expenses. Every personwho shouted and tooted his horn onArmistice Day is now called upon tocontribute his share of the cost of winning the war.The laggards and the dodgers willface severe fines and jail sentences.The Internal Revenue Bureau announces that Its officers will check usall up to see that every person whocomes within the scope of the IncomeTax law did his share.Where to Pay and File.Residents of Kentucky should maketheir returns and pay their taxes tothe nearest of the following: Josh T.Griffith, Owensboro; J. Rogers Gore,Louisville; Charlton B. Thompson,Covington; Elwood Hamilton, Lexington ; John W. Hughes, Danville.Payments sent by mall should be attached to the returns and should be Inthe torm of check, money order ordraft. Cash payments by mail are sentat the taxpayer's risk of loss.1If you are unable to make your return personally because of illness, absence or incapacity an agent or legalrepresentative may make your return.It there are any doubtful points asto your items of income or allowabledeductions you should get In touch atonce with a Revenue officer or a banker for advice.Women Pay Tax.Women are subject to all the requirements of the Income Tax. Whethersingle or married, a woman's incomefrom all sources must be considered.If unmarried or if living apart fromher husband she must make her returnfor 1918 if her net income was $1,000or over.If married and living with her husband her Income must be consideredwith the husband's In determining theli:'Mlii.vf for a return. Their Joint Income, less the credits allowed by law,is subject to normal tax. The wlfesnet income is considered separately incomputing any surtax that may be due.Husband und wife file jointly, as arule. If the husband does not Includehis wife's income in his return thewife must file a separate return.Severe. Penalties.The new Revenue Law places severepenalties on a person who falls tomnke return on time, refuses to makereturn or renders a fraudulent return.For failure to make return and pay taxon time a fine of not more than $1,000is named and 25 per cent of the taxdue is added to the assessment. Forrefusing wilfully to make return oifor making a false or fraudulent return there Is a fine of not exceeding$10,000 and imprisonment of not exceeding one year, or both.Farmers' Income Taxable.' Every farmer and ranchman whohad a fair or a good year In 1918 mustheed the Income Tax? this year. Hemust consider all hjs Income as taxable. He is entitled to deduct fromhis gross income all amounts expendedin carrying on his farm. The cos offarm machinery, farm buildings andimprovements cannot he deducted.The cost of live stock, either for resale or for breeding purposes, Is alsoregarded as investment.Overtime and Bonuses Taxed.'Salary and wage earners must consider as taxable every item receivedfrom employers and from othersources. "Bonuses and overtime, payare to be "reported as well as the regular payments.Allowances for Losses.Losses sustained In 1918 and notcovered by Insurance are deductibleitems if Incurred in the taxpayer'!business or trade, in any transactionundertaken for profit or arising fromfire, storm, shipwreck or other casualty or from- theft.m ;sc f ? lllllllrtffMBBSS -rxk"t?'rliMS. la tf. --3-- r.: f ' . .BKl hiiiiiiI BBBEIH jsSs-k r I III Villi S3 IIm AlwaysWelcome f I fHi "You little rascal played along the way, didn't you? (( Killlll BBmM Kept grandma waiting I Oh well, it's all right. Because IIIJI BI CALUMET ;!il 111 IWk BAKING POWDER jlfllrc is always right. It's worth waiting for. Always wel- ) l( HH come. Never shirks its work. Never fails. Never ll l) HH wastes minutes or materials and I know it's pure and I III II ll VaH'"-' wholesome, as Calumet contains only such ingredients Ml J CiR;- a3 have been approved officially by the U. S. Food III 1l HKr Authorities." J III M ail Iff -JMHliS You save tvhen you buy Uyou save vslicn you us it. 4Fr TlllMl 1 !H uiPurcT QuaiitT 1(1 (UHli,BlSr nlvsJnLEiO 1 Award JU4C9BVlaEHer .T-S LbLHbIbbbVVbW bLCXBVV:VVVaBVlVSSVS5V3EVBBWIxwBourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4i:4::xrl rXIXWest Fifh StreetxlSATISFACTION!-OUR WATCHWORD!: atWitn an tne latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and,' solicityour patronage. . , .4 "may Jboth derive saiisfactionby having: their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleas'ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.The Bourbon LaundrjrSJ - Paris, Kentucky'AIXIXIXIXIXISQUARE DEAL FOR EVERYINCOME TAX-PAYER.LEVY, THE DRY O-EANERONE N EVERY SEVEN IN JAPANHAVE DTPLUENZA.' There were 10,000,000 cases ofinfluenza in Japan in October, November and December, according tothe report of the Home Departmentofficials. This means tnat one m-rw covon nf rhA TKimilation hasbeen attacked. During the threemonths 80 per cent, of all deathswere from influenza-pneumonia.oP0B A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remeiy. It has stood the test of time andi an bedep ended uponWashington, D. C. "Therights of all persons now filingIncome Tax returns are amplyprotected by provisions forabatements, refunds and ap-Npeals," says Commissioner Daniel C. Uoper."Every person can be sure ofa square deal. No personals expected to pay more than hisshare of tax. His Bhare, is determined solely by the amountand nature of his net income for1918, as defined In the law"Abatement petitions are. dealtwith open-mindedly. Refundswill be made In every casewhere too much tax is erroneously collected.'The Inline Tax Js 'on thelevel' all the way through."New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Administrationissued by the Postpiaster General at Washington, December 13th, a awtoll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll ratee win beclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:31 tum. and 8:30 p.m. I . ih '- 4ftNight rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for atation-to-atatiom mmsages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any day rates,but no night rate for lees than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be as' proximately 75 per cent leea than the day rate, but no nightrate leeathan 25 cents. -Persoh-to-peraon messages shall be approximately 25 per ceathigher than station-to-station ratea-v- m. ""Jl '- ,Appointment calls shall be at proxlpiately 50 per tcent. higher thanstation-to-station calls. ,,.,.,Calls which require service or a messenger snail taxe me aipoimment rate, plus, cost of messenger fee. ..,..A report charge of approxlmatly 25 per cent, of the station-to station rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, whtn person destre4is not in or will not talk or If party calling is out when connection is teem-pleted within one hour after flllng time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Iaoorforated.) 'J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CAHX0.local ICanattr1 A-, .(adv) mar)Send That Next Job of Printing to The- ' Bourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.i iivt4J A;l'"I1,.f-.'''f;-4 f -v. :)Cumberland Phone 40;H6we:Plione 169-,-?&.:v&,i w;i JM t.'Vcr-?-&$JCI-K-V---SL..&i s1 t??$k f -'(-'-vt,xmi..wy---s,XG' MGE EIGHTf 'ITS?-.'5' !p3-THE BOUlBt' HEWS. PARIS, TEXTWCSJin;ISI'I3P23-'!IKThe Alamo and Opera House. Today, Tuesday, March 11thVivian Martinin "MIRANDY SMILES"Ever tr to, curl your hair .with a revolver? Mirandysimply had to h'aye it curled' somehow, and .therp nrpn't' any curling tdngs, why you' have to revolve your hairarouna wnatever:s round and smooth, see?Carol rlolloway and Antonio Moreno In"The Irbn Test"sAnd Harold. Lloyd. Comedy, "Two Scrambled."Jdmorrow, Wednesday -archliUBurker Blf lieIn "The Make-Believe Wife"Many an innocent -man has-been' hanged and manyan innocent husband has been suspected1 by his wife but!frhat;would you say o the fellow who, was caught withthe goods (silk at that) right in his arms) A prettyIjefty explanation is needed, huh? . - -x , ,.,l's.. -." ALSO A BIG V COMEDY vSTRAPS AND TANGLES"AND PARAMOUNT PICTOGRAPH ':EDWARD VAN LEEUWEE ORCHESTRA -r3SAT THE PARIS GRANDThursday, Friday and SaturdayMARCH 13th, 14th AND 15th ''"t i ZARR0VV?S"ZIG ZAG TOWN GIRLS"Miniature Musical Comedies of the Better Class.VAUDEVILLE SPECIALTIESLate Musical Numbers, Specialties and PrettyCostumes. MewShow Every Night; Starts 7:30., EDWARD VAN LEEUWE ORCHESTRA1 , Prlcci 25 and 50 Cents-War Tax Included.Picture Program at The Alamo Afternoon Only.v- MILLERSBURGJ Mr. and Mrs. W.G. Dailey were in. Cincinnati from Fridiy until Mon-.?aT"l? - Mr. E. T. Beeding arrived Friday from Jacksonville, Fla,, and willmake his future home in Millersburg.He' is one of our old citizens and weare glad to welcome his return.K A memorial service was held at"Methodist chuch, Sunday evening for,$ie purpose of augmenting theounty memorial fund.. The principal address of the evening was delivered by Mr. O'Hara, who spoke at.Parjs in the afternoon.-?, Rev. VanWinkle entered on hisHcharge as pastor of the Christian.church Sunday. His family andhousehold goods will arrive from"Vanceburg in 'a fewdays. They will.occupy the Christian parsonage onTrigg avenue. ,Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M.,will entertain Friday evening incompliment of the five young men on'their service flag, who-have been in.ci, p and doing service on the battle front in France, four of whomhave been released from, service, ..Mr. J. H. Miller has resignedhis position as civil engineer underthe U. S. Government on the Mississippi River, and has accepted another.vvith a private concern at OklahomaCity, Okla. He will enter on his duties March 17. Mrs. Miller will arrive in a few days for a two-weeks'visit to her parents, Dr.. and Mrs. W.G. Dailey.The following families havechanged homes and will change during the coming week: Mr. DennisMcMahan and family have moved tothe property of Mr. William Wood,vacated by Mr. James Buckler andfamily, 'from "his property recentlysold? on South Main Street; Mr. andMrs, J. O. Ralls from their home soldta Mr. Harry Fay, in Butler Addition,to the property of Mr. J. V. Ingels,on Main street; Mr. Harry Fay andfamily, to his property purchasedfrom and vacated by Mr. Ju O. Ralls,from his home on Trigg. avenue; Mr.and Mrs. Joe Farris, to the propertyrecently purchased from . Mr-, G. C.Chanslor, vacated by himself andfamlyv from that of Roy Endicott;"Mr; and Mrs. Thos. Farris, to theproperty of Roy Endicott, vapated byhis '.parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Farris,from that. of Mrs. Sue B. Sandusky;Mr. Ben. Spencer and family, to4theproperty of Mrs. Sue Sandusky, va-- cated by Mr. and Mrs-. Thos. Farris,from Ewing; Mr. J. C. Cumber andfamily, from rooms in- Ingels Flat toa part of the home of Mr. and Mrs.Rusvsell Mitchell.-vacated by Mr. andk JMrs.,.Emmitt Mastin.The Farmers' -Bank of Millers-.fcurg shows perhaps the most rapidgrowth of any bank in the State ofKentucky for its capacity and surroundings, this. too. in view of the- fac that Millersburg is not a countyAllen, the institution was soon puton a firm basis. After the death ofMr. Robert Tarr, some ten years ago,Mr. Allen, succeeded him as President, which position he held untilJuly, 1916. Mr. Allen has seen thebank, grow from an exceedingly smallbank to one of the solid financial institutions. In July, 1916, after thedeath of Mr. Allen, Mr. W. D. Mclntyre was made President. Mr. S. M.Allen continued as Cashier, whichposition he had held since his fatherhad assumed the presidency of the'bank. Mr. Allen is a young man, alive wire, wide awake and full ofpush, pluck, energy and ability.With these two young men at thehead of the institution it began tomake rapid strides and through theirbusiness energies and prosperities ofthe times leaving nothing undone ontheir part to make the bank a pronounced success.Jlatrelatives,gret to a wide circle offriends and acquaintances.Mrs. Mann is suryived by her husband, Mr. H. C. Mann, and sevensons, Charles P. Mann, of Paris; J. E.Mann; of Mt. Sterling; E. M. Mann,of Winchester; J. K. Mann, of Martinsville,-Ind.;'F. M. TMann, of Cartlisle; W. H. Mann, of Shelby ville; E.M. Mann, of Terre Haute, Indiana.All the children were present at thefuneral, with the exception of Mr. E.M. Mann, who was detained at homeby serious illness in his family. 'DEATHS.McKEE.Information has been receivedin this city by relatives announcingthe death An. Denver, Colorado, recently of Mrs. Mary McKee, formerlyMiss Mary Wright. Mrs. McKee diedin Denver, last Saturday night aftera short illness.Mrs. McKee was the daughter ofMr. Ben Wright, of Sharpsburg, and ia great-niece of Mrs. W. H. Fisher,of Paris. She went to Denver withher husband and her mother, for thebenefit of Mr. McKee's health, and inthe hopes that a change of climatewould be of benefit to him. Thenews of her death came as a .greatsurprise to her many friends and relatives in this city.DANIELS.Mrs. Roxie Lena Daniels, agedeighty, a. former resident of this city,died at St: Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, Friday afternoon, of. the innnmties o'f age. Mrs. Daniels wasthe' widow of Mr, John M. ' Daniels,one of ' thepioneer residents of Paris,who was for some time United StatesCommissionejfor this section. Mr.and Mrs. Daniels moved Tto Lexington some years ago, where they haveresided since. '. 'Mrs. Daniels is survived'' by oneniece, Mrs. Roxie Daniel Shaw, ofEllwood, Indiana, also by one daughter, Mrs. -William " "M. Graham, ofNew York 'City. "Mr. Daniels hadmade her home at the Old Ladies'Home in Lexington for a number ofyears. - VThe funeral was 'held at the OldLadies' Home, 522 Short "street,' inLexington, Sunday morning, at teno'clock, with services" conducted byRev. Benj. J. Bush. The )ntermentfollowed in the Lexington Cemetery.The pall-bearers were J. A.' Willis,D. M. Lowe, C. L. Hanks, George C.Morgan.LexingtonCincinnatiKIRKPATRICK.Geo. Lewis Kiriatrick died athis home in Mt. Sterling, Saturday,after an illness of three years fromparalysis. Mr. Kirkpatrick was foryears a prominent tobacco growerand buyer. He was considered bymany the best judge of tobacco inKentucky. So keen was his judgmentthat the Liggett & Myers Companynever placed any limit upon his buying. He served one term as CountyClerk of Montgomery county and regularly attended Republican State andNational conventions. He was a Mason of high degree. His estate is estimated between $100,000 and $200,000. Two children, Charles W. Kirkpatrick and Mrs. Charles Lindsey,both of Mt. Sterling, survive. Hewas a brother of M. L. Kirkpatrick,of Cincinnati.seat, and tnat tnev institution isv simply a banking institution and notconnected with a trust company,working, as it does, on a small capital stock.' In- 19 4 this institutionhad. a deposit of $15 0,000 in roundaiumbers; inr 1915', $550,000; March1,-191?. $1,054;000. The business ofthis bank. is confined to a small terriiory, situated as our little city is,"between county seats, Cynthiana being the farthest removed from usby .a distance of twelve miles', whileParis 'and Carlisle are only eightmij.es. each. The Farmers Bank wasorganized in the early ninetys withMi4. Robert Tarr as President, and J.Gv Allen as Cashier. Froiri that timeits business began to grow. WhenMi, Allen took charge of the institution, pulling it from the debris ofthe Millersburg Deposit Bank, it wasin & chaotic condition. Through thegood business management of Mr.MANN.--The funeral of Mrs. Martha J.Mann, aged seventy-three, who diedat her home in the Pinecrest Apartments, in this city, Friday morning,following a long illness, was conducted at the family home at one o'clock,Saturday afternoon. Services wereconducted . by Rev. Mr. Kidwell,assisted by Rev. G. R. Combs, pastorof the Paris Methodist church. Thebody was taken to Carlisle, where theinterment was held on the family lotin the Carlisle Cemetery. Mrs.'Mann's six sons acted as pall-bearersat both the funeral and burial.Mrs. Mann was the wife of Mr. H.C. Mann. Sher'was a native of Nicholas county,' from where she movedwith Mr. Mann and her family toParis some years ago. She was a devoted member of the Methodistchurch, and took a deep interest inall the affairs of the church. By herkind and considerate treatment ofi others she greatly endeared herselfto all, and her home life was all. atestimonial to her excellent Christiancharacter. She was loved and esteemed by all who knew her, and herpassing away is a source of deep re-ASHCRAFT. ,The funeral of Mr. Luther C.Ashcraft, aged fifty-eight, -a wellknown farmer of this county, whodied at his home in this city, at twoo'clock last Thursday, afteV'a shortillness, was held at his late liome, onSouth Main street, Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Services wereconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof ttie Paris Christian church. Theinterment followed on the family lotin the Paris , Cemetery, with committal ceremonies conducted at the graveby the' members of the Paris MasonicLodge, of which he had lorig been avalued member. The pall-bearerswere Wallace W. Mitchell, Sam Martin, Joe H. Ewalt, L. A. Soper, DaveClark and John Mastin.Mr. Aschraft moved to Bourboncounty several years ago"' from Robertson county, where he "had beenengaged .in farming. He purchased afarm near Austerlitz, where xhe resided until about a year ago, whenhe sold the place and bought a homein Paris, where he resided . to thetime of his death. At the last Democratic primary for the' 'selection ofcounty officials Mr. Ashcraft was acandidate for the , nomination forDeputy Sheriff. He was highly esteemed by all who knew him.Mr. Ashcraft is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Sallie Hornback Ashcraft, and sixchildren, Mrs. JamesChappel, of Shelby county; Mrs. Les-i lie Insko, of Jefferson county; Mrs.David Crombie, of Shelby county; A.A. -Ashcraft and Jos. Ashcraft, ofBourbon county, and Oscar Ashcraft,who is a member of the Barrow Hospital Unit No. 40, now overseas. Twobrothers and three sisters also survive, one of the latter, Mrs. CarrieCrump, residing near Little Rock, inthis county.si1919 Opening Spring MillineryFriday, March 14thWill Be Unusually Attractive;:MNew exclusive models, graceful and smart willmales thfs' showing one of great interest to, you.MRS. MAMIE PARKERCor. Main and Fifth Sts.Paris, Kentucky4 Lmbszzuzczz-ftr.,'r.-iig""lmwAvmmaEXTRORDINARY ENGAGEMENTOpera House, Tuesday, AprilSymphonyOrchestraEUGENB YSAYM, CondnetotCOMPLETE ORCHESTRA, 90 MEN- MATINEE AND NIGHTMail Orders Reserved in Order Received. Seat .Sale' Opens Friday, March 28th,. at theBen. AH Theatre.Matinee ,55c to $1.65 INlght 85c to2.75ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Local ManagerLEXINCTIMI rail I eric nc miiPPBpnBJmMmmmma8th!ccided that they would marry beforekeep the marriage a secret until hereturned. Accompanied by herdaughters, Misses Ella a-nd VernaTurpin, Mrs. Turpin went to CampTaylor, and Mr. Wachs securing aleave of absence, they went to NewAlbany, where the marriage ceremony was performed. The bride andher daughters returned to Paris, andshortly after Mr. Wachs went toFrance, where he served with distinction, taking part? in many of the bigbattles fought on the fields ofFrance. He returned to Camp Taylor a few days ago, where he wasmustered out, and arrived in Parishlast week.BEPORT OP BEED SALE.Col. George D. Speakes makes thefollowing report of the public sale he-iconducted Friday on the premises forMrs. J. W. Reed and son, near LittleRock.Horses brought ?85to$125a head;sheep, $16 per head; one sow, $4JT;corn from $9 to $9.3& per barrel;one stack of hay, f85; chickens,$1.10 each; one straw rick, $18.The attendance was good and thebidding active.MATRIMONIAL. ,.TURPIN fWACHS.News of a secret wedding, performed many months ago, in whichwell-known Paris people were theprincipals, was given to the publicSaturday, when it become knownthat Mrs. Ida May Turpin, vof Paris,and Mr. Albert Wachs, recently returned from France, as a member ofthe American Expeditionary Force,were married on February 2, 1918.The news was divulged by 'the bride,who stated that the Ceremony ' wasperformed at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Oscar E. Allison,pastor of the New Albany, Indiana,Methodist church.Mrs. Wachs was the widow of Mr.S. M. Turpin, who was killed' in adesperate encounter with a negrodesperado nam6d Ridley Ree,d tsomeyears go. Since his death his widowhas conducted a private boardinghouse and shoe shop on Tenth street.One of her boarders was Mr Wachs,destined to become her future husband. The call to the colors came,and among those who responded wasyoung Wachs. He enlisted i in theservice on September 221, 1917, andwas sent to Camp Zachary 'Taylor.Several visits were made back homeby M CWaciifi and.finUy?it-' was4 de-cided that, they' wauld marry beforeNOWnIS THE TIME!Byy- Now!Shoe Prices AreStill AdvancingIn spite of this jve haye marked our entirestock down to prices that must sell quick andmake an absoluteCLEAN SWEEPof all Fall and Winter Shoes. Grasp this opportunity now; buy for future as wiiiJpresent needs!Ladies' Black EnglishCuban Heel -Boots,'$4. 00- values, "ator2.99English,$4.50.Ladies7 Mahoganyleather .tops,$6.00 values,atLadies' Dark Grey Boots,with Louis Heel18.00 values,at$5.95(V iSPECIALBARGAINSLadies' Grey Boots, Louisheel, 'with cloth tops$5.00 3 jr $5.00value rij valueEadies assorted discontinued lines, $5 and $6 val.$1.95tQyu;Men's G. M. EnglishW.-O. and other fa-mnnsmatoa A en ,.i lmen suarKTanEng- ft i rfthsh, $6.00 values ( hUMen's Gun MetalLace, E. & J, makes,4.00 values atBoys' Gun Met ad -iftLace, $2.50 values, C fll$2.49Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.jDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignV-fcIl& fc z& :i-.&- -j& i---V.s '-t -'? 'TArzv'"'jV,thv-iv($-&nr..,-1. -!--iX'V-.- -'Z& j3 "2: zi!1 V