ftekTHErV3T & ' ? v.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.S' -VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1919rBOURBONNEWSt?t J'1.ARCHEST BOMB SENT TO HUS-BAND OP FORMERPARIS GIRL.The many friends of Mrs. Chas.Miles McKinlay, of Leona, N. J., whot?as formerly Miss Martha Ferguson,rthe handsome daughter of Mr. andIrs. Volney Ferguson, of this county, will be interested and thankfulfor her narrow escape from injuryfrom the hands of an anarchist atlier country home in New Jersey.Followine: theirwedding:, wnicb.-took place at "Arcadia," the countryliome of their parents in this county,on April 30, last, Dr. McKinlay and I"Sis bride spent two weeks of theirlioneymoon in a trip to variousSastern cities, following which theywent to their country home atIrEona, N. J., a suburb of New YorkCity. About two weeks ago Mrs. Volmey Ferguson, the mother of theibride, sent as a birthday present to3ier daughter, a handsome "sweetgrass" basket of delicate fibre andhandsomely made. She wrote a letter to that effect, telling Mrs. McKinlay to be on the lookout for it.Palling to receive the package in duetime, Mrs. McKinlay informed hermother of its non-arrival. Mrs. Ferguson wrote again, telling her thecontents of the package, that it wasnis ui iueiJBc, " "Vbass of the growling and roaringlight and fragile, requiring only thllTlW .. vo,faKlo -.'Jiveryfive cents in postage, and possiblymight have been crushed and destroyed in transportation.Shortly after receiving this letterthe package was delivered at theMcKinlay residence in Leona. Butinstead of being light it weighed several pounds, contained twenty-fivecents in postage instead of five, anddue to the fact that the bomb outrages in the East had occurred onlya few days previous, Dr. McKinlaybecame suspicious and was afraid toopen the package. He had it removed to police headquarters, where upon being opened by an expert, itwas found to contain, besides thepresent, a deadly bomb. The matterwas placed in the hands of Government authorities, and is being investigated. Dr. and Mrs. McKinlay are at aloss for a reason which would causeany one to make this attempt ontheir lives. The only suggestionwhich has been offered is that before his marriage, Dr. McKinlay wasthe private physician for a wealthyNew York family, the head of which,it is said, is prominently connectedwith the Standard Oil Company. Thefact that Dr. McKinlay was frequntly seen with members of this familymay have caused some person withanarchistic tendencies to attempt towreak his vengeance upon him and-his bride.oSOON BE PLENTY OP ICEManager Phil Nippert, of theParis Ice Co., when asked yesterdayby THE NEWS as to the reported ice-famine in the city, stated that therewas no danger of such a thing. Hesaid further: "For some time ourplant has been handicapped from thefact that the water in the creek fromwhich we derive our supply has beenlow and consequently very warm.This has operated against us. It wasalmost impossible to make plenty ofice from the warm water, but weliung to the job and did all we could.Now, since the heavy rains have caused the creek to rise, and there isplenty of water, the temperature ofthe water has changed and becomecool, so that we will be enabled tofurnish our customers with ice, andbetter ice, than before. We havekept our wagons going under adTerse circumstances, but we hope thatthis is now all past."0BLACKBERRIES ON THE MARKET; SUGAR ON THE RUN.Blackberries, those delicous, jucymorsels that have been the pride ofNicholas county for generations, arecoming to the market, but selling ator about $1.00 per vbucket, whichmakes them worth in the vicinity of8 1-3 cents per quart, and not verybig quarts at that, the way the dealers serve them out.Then, after the berries have beensecured, there comes the problem ofgetting the necessary quantity ofsugar, a problem that is proving avexing one for Paris housekeepers.Many grocers are refusing to sellmore than a specified amount to eachcustomer. Some of the grocers exhausted their supplies of sugar Tuesday, with none in sight for Wednesday. Other dealers have been takingcare of their own customers, with theresult that one big retail dealer hadno sugar in his house for severaldays All the dealers have ordersout for sugar, but the wholesalers saythey cannot get sugar from the refiners, who, in turn, claim they arefar short on the raw material. Whatthe outcome will be cannot be predicted. ZZZi -nnrrTrTTT i-kt Trn-urvX. OF P: TO VISIT PYTHIAN HOME-oAT LEXINGTON. J Paris Baptist church. She leaves a.husband and eight children.Rathbone Lodge and the A. J. j Mr and Mrs james E. Craven,Lovely Company, Uniform Rank, Jv. who made a motor trip to Cincinof P., are perfecting arrangements nati Wednesday, were caught in thefor paying a long-deferred visit to storm Wednesday night on the returnthe Pythian Home at Lexington. The trip and did not get home untilHome is now under the management eignt o'clock yesterday morning,of Col. Robt. L. Slade, well and fa- jTney left Cincinnati late in the afvorably known here. ternoon, and ran into the storm whenThe members of the lodges, with it was at its WOrst just as they aptheir wives, sisters, mothers and proved the village of Claysville, insweethearts, will go to Lexington on jjarrjSon county. The combined efa special car over the Interurban fects of tne lightning, thunder,lines on August 10, and will spend wind ana e heavy rain caused themthe day there as guests of the Home. to lose ttieir way, and for severalThey will have a musical program ours they held on, by sheer goodand will have a basket lunch on the luck arriving at Paris at a late hourgrounds. The details of the propos- yesterday morning. They reporteded visit are now being worked out the storm as being something terriTy committees representing both or- fying. and calculated to upset thenizations. , - stoutest nerve.SEVERE ELECTRICAL AND WINDSTORM VISITS BOURBONFollowing a period of intense heat,which early gave promise of developing into a storm of some magnitude,this section was visited "Wednesdayafternoon by a severe storm of electricity, wind, thunder, accompanied by heavy rain, which at times tookon the proportions of a flood, and didconsiderable damage in many sections of the county. The people ofBourbon county may be very thankful that it was no worse.The storm seemed to come from noparticular part of the universe, butthe dark clouds gathered, the rainsdescended, and the elements had amerry war for several hours, duringwhich time many of the more timidones sought shelter of a substantialkind, and even the hardiest wondered what would happen next. Thewind assumed a high velocity attimes, forcing the heavy rain aheadof it like bullets from a machine gun,and literally drenching the face ofthe earth "and everything." Limbswere torn from shade trees andscattered like chaff from a mill.Fences were blown down in many instances, and the lightning played incetssantly, accompanied by the deepnight.During the storm the home of Mr.Robert McFeeney, on the farm ofMr. John T. Redmon, on the Jackstown pike, near Paris, was struck(by lightning and partly demolished.Mrs. McFeeney, who was sitting inthe doorway, received the full forceof the stroke, and was instantlykilled. Coroner Davis was called andsummoned a jury, who, after reviewing the facts as presented, rendereda verdict in accordance therewith.A corner of the Redmon home wastorn off by the storm, but no one washurt. Mr. Redmon went to the assisance of the McFeeney familyand everything was done for theircomfort.Jack Turney had just finished topping off a stack of hay on the farm ofhis father, Mr. Jesse Turney, on theMaysville pike, near Paris, and haddescended to the ground, when aflash of lightning struck it, settingit on fire and destroying it entirely.His lucky escape was a matter of buta few seconds.Mrs. Pearl Deavers, who was sitting on the porch at her home on Fifteenth street, watching the progressof the storm, was stunned by a lightning stroke, which flashed across theporch. She was rendered unconscious remaining in that conditionfor over an hour and a half, untilrestored through the ministrations ofphysicians.On the Claiborne Stock Farm ofMr. A. B. Hancock, near Paris, lightning struck and killed a valuablebrood mare, that had been standingin the field close to one of the barnson the place.Reports from all parts of thecounty indicate some kind of damagewrought by the storm, yet luckilynone of a very serious nature. Theheavy rains swelled the branches andcreeks and made them into littlerivers, which poured into Stoner andHouston creeks, rapidly convertedthose streams into rivers of muddywaters. Floating debris of all kindscovered the streams. Reports fromseveral sources in the county statedthat the storm had badly washedout growing crops, especially tobacco. Among the latter was thecrop on the Turney place being raisin the city the damage was notvery severe, being confined mainly tobroken limbs of trees and the floodof water that poured through thestreets, in some instances overrunning into cellars. Window paneswere broken by the force of thewind, but no serious damage has yetbeen reported.Lightning flashes set fire to a number of trees in a woods on the Clintonville pike, burning all the foliageand badly charring the trunks of thetrees. Men with axes were set towork chopping the trees down in order to prevent other trees from catching fire.Mr. William Grannan had a narrow escape during the storm. Themembers of the family had been sitting in the reception hall, and discussion of the lightning caused oneof the ladies of the party to becomeuneasy. They moved into a rearroom, and Mr. Grannan started fromthe hall to the room to soothe them.Just as he left the hall a lightningbolt struck the house, loosening allthe plastering on the hall ceiling,which plunged down below with acrash to the very spot he had justvacated.The funeral of Mrs. McFeeney,victim of the storm's fury, will beheld in the Paris Cemetery this (Friday) afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with' services conducted at the grave bylRev R a Goldsmith, pastor of thePRESIDENT WILSON RETURNSAFTER FOUR MONTHSABROAD.President Wilson returned toWashington at pnidnight Sunday after an absence of four months at theParis peace conference. He was accompanied by Mrs. Wilson, Misff Margaret Wilson and by Vice PresidentMarshall, and most of the membersof his cabinet, who greeted him onhis arrival at New York.The Presidential party was greeted at the station by a crowd of several thousand persons who hadwaited for several hours. Afterbrief welcoming ceremonies, thePresident and Mrs. Wilson drove directly to the White House.When the President returns to hisdesk he will face what probably willproved his busiest week in the WhiteHouse. A vast accumulation of important matters awaits his consideration. The President will deal with thesubjects before him with as greatspeed as possible, in order that hemay make an early start on hisspeech jmaking trip. It has been indicated that he would like to leaveWashington about the middle of nextweek.Among matters awaiting the President's immediate attention are billspassed recently by Congress whichcarry appropriations of more thantwo billion dollars.It was understood that the President hoped to confer with membersof the Senate Foreign RelationsCommittee and leading administration officials.Acting Secretary Polk probablywill be among the first to confer withthe President. Among other (mattersMr. Polk will discuss with Mr. Wilson the proposal that he go to Paristo take the place of Secretary Lansing at the Peace Conference.The itinerary for the President's"swing around the circle" is still unsettled, and probably will remain sountil after Mr. Wilson goes beforethe Senate to present the peacetreaty.FORMER PARIS BOY IN "FURNITURE PHJZZES" CARTOON.THE NEWS is in receipt of a re-cent copy of the Grand Rapids,Mich., Daily Herald, in which ap-pears a cartoon representing u.Clyde McNamara, formerly of Paris,as explaining the . mysteries of thefurniture business. Dennis is de-picted standing in a characteristic in their power to returned soiaierbMcNamara attitude as he tells of the with -arrears of pay still due them,good business- the Pitcairn Varnishitfr to those who have- not receivedj j.a, 1 .Tr? I ,.- 1 .. nirci T'Viq Tcrnrlr rvrCo. Is having, and stating how muchthe good business is due to his personal efforts. One corner of the cartoon represents two traveling menrunning with the speed of lightning,while one of them exclaims, "Takedown the lighting fixtures,comes McNamara!"hereWE KNOW HOWMid-SummerSUITSReady-to-Wear !It takes a good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection., Palm BeachesMohairs andKoolKlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer, outfit.SUITS FROM'$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsNO FURTHER NEWS FROM IMPERSONATOR OF JAMES CAIN.The case of the unknown in NewLondon, Conn., who recently attempted to extort the sum of $20 from Mr.John Peter Cain, of this city, by impersonating his son, James Cain,officially reported as dead, remains instatu quo, with no new developments.The identity of the young man remains still unsolved, though the matter being now in the hands of theGovernment, something is sure to bedone. A few days ago Mr. Cain wasasked if he would prosecute the man,if called upon to do so. He repliedthat he certainly would. A messagefrom the office at New London statedthat the commanding officer of thegarrison to which the young man belonged, had stated that the manwould be tried by court-martial andseverely punished.In an effort to help clear up themystery Mr. John F. Davis, of Paris,wired the Red Cross officials at NewLbndon, Conn., asking them to make'a thorough investigation of the matter and make him a report. In replya few days after he received the following telegram:"New London, Conn."John F. Davis, Red Cross, Paris Ky."Supposed James Cain's real nameis Stevens. Police holding him formilitary authorities.J "RUTH M. MORRIS,"Home Service A. R. C."The authorities are working onclews which are said to point verystrongly to a former Paris man asbeing the guilty party. He enteredthe army, deserted from the service,then enlisted again. He was commissioned to search for the deserterahd instituted a search for himself,it is stated. He has served a termin the Frankfort Reformatory andthe State Reform School.0RED CROSS HOME SERVICENEW QUARTERSINThrough the generosity of the officials of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., the Home Serviceoffice of the local Red Cross has beenlocated in the room at the corner ofMain and Broadway during the war.Now that the room has been leasedto the Paris Water Company, theheadquarters of the Home Servicehave been moved, to itoom jno. dud,in the First National tfanK duwuus.The young women in charge of thenome iservice uByuiuucui ut u.c uCross work may be found in the new, headquarters every afternoon, readyand willing to render any assistancerhair rnmis r.hecks. The worK 01converting War Risk Insurance hasjust begun, and applications for compensation are being sent in. TheHome Service Committee is dedicatedto thP task of finishing left-overwork, and will not rest until theirjwork has been completed.BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's CushionJSole ShoesvA'"TROUBLES OF A MERCHANT,AND HOW TO STOP THEM."The three-reel feature film,"Troubles of a Merchant, and Howto Stop Them," will be presented forthe first tme in Paris on Wednesdaynight, July 16, at 8 o'clock, in theAlamo Theatre. In connection witha film, a lecture on retail merchandising will be given. All merchantsand salespeople in the city are invited to attend. No charge will bemade for admission.The merchants and business men ofParis, have secured the film andmerchandising lecture through thecourtesy of The National Cash Register Company, Dayton, Ohio. R. H.Kennedy, expert lecturer of the Dayton Company, will be the speaker.R. H. KENNEDY, LECTURER.The lecture has been given beforecqmmercial organizations and conventions throughout the country,and has been highly commended.Causes for losses and failures in retail business are shown, and theirremedy told in the lecture, whichhas been prepared from the experience of The National Cash RegisterCompany in its thirty-four years ofdealing with merchants 'in all partsof the world.A prominent place in the lectureis given to the value of newspaperadvertising. By means of stereopticon slides, Mr. Kennedy will tellhow to prepare newspaper copy, howto secure best results, and why amerchant should advertise continually. Window display, efficiency ofclerks, selling methods, credit business, delivery problems, and othertopics of interest to merchants, willalso be discussed.The fiim tells in a vivid manner the story of Mr. White, a merchant who is near failure. As thefilm progresses, the reasons for hislack of success become plain. Poorarrangement of goods, an unattractive front, lax business methods, andmost of all, out-of-date businessmethods, all contributed their quotaof loss.Finally a change comes in thecareer of Mr. White. He cleans uphis s'tore, installs a modern system,and rapidly rises to success. Thefilm is declared to have a businesslesson in every sense.Many merchants and salespeoplein this city are expected to welcotmethe opportunity offered by this lecture, and a large attendance is looked for Wednesday night.0EEUEF TOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchenlabor.A(27-tf)Cabinets save time antlF. WHEELER & CO.,Opp. Court House.oREMOVAL NOTICE.The office of the Paris Water Co.has been removed to the corner ofMain and Broadway, in the Agricultural Bank Tjuilding, where in thefuture all business will be transacted. Patrons are requested tocall atonce in reply to the .notices justmailed to each consumer notifyingthem of their indebtedness to ourcompany. Water bille are now duedating from July 1 to October 1,Water rents not paid in 15 days willcause your service to be discontinued.PARIS WATER COMPANY,(11-tf) Newt. Mitchell, Supt.0NEW DEAL POSSIBLE.THE NEWS learned yesterdayfrom what is considered a reliablesource that the coming of the Redpath Chautauqua to Paris next yearis among the possibilities. It wasstated by a business man of goodstanding that enough . pledges hadbeen secured to guarantee the appearance here of this superior attraction. The White & Myers Chautauqua System, which has furnished theattractions for Paris in the past threeyears, nas oeen sausiactory, duethere seems to be a desire on thepart of many of our citizens for achange, and the guarantees alreadyobtained will be amply sufficient tobring this about.0FARM SOLD.The farm of 35 acres .on theBethlehem pike, known as the Wm.Farris place, has been sold to Mr.Hugh French, of Lexington, at aprice said to be in the neighborhoodof $16,000. The sale was made byMr. Charles P, Mann, representingthe Paris Realty Company.JOHN POX, JR., NOVELIST, DEAIAFTER ILLNESS OP PNEUMOjriA, Mr. John Fox, Jr., a native oZBourbon county, and noted as apopular novelist, died at a hospitalin Knoxville, Tenn., Tuesday night,after a short illness of pneumonia.Mr. Fox was in Norton, Virginiawhen he was taken ill, pneumonia.j developing, and he was sent to theKnoxville hospital, where his death;followed Tuesday night.Telegrams announcing the eventwere sent to Paris friends Wednesdaymorning, and the news also becomeknown through the receipt of telegrams in Lexington, where hisbrother, Mr. Everett Fox, has beirresiding. Until he became ill Mr.Fox had been actively at work,gathering material for a new novel.He spent a part of the winter in theSouth, returning to his home in Virginia a few months ago. There hehad been spending most of his timewith his jmother, sisters and twobrothers, with the exception of a fewweeks when he visited in New Yorkand other Eastern cities.Mr. Fox was born near StonyPoint, in this county, in 1863. Hewas the son of the late Prof. John.Fox, who conducted a private schoolin Paris for several years, and whowas regarded as one of the county'sforemost educators. He received therudiments of education at his father's school in this city and eenteredTransylvania University at Lexington, where he completed his education. About twenty years ago Mr. Foxattained marked distinction as awriter and as a novelist. His first'work to gain public recognition wasa short story, "A Mountain Epropa,"which ran serially in Scribner's Magazine. Then follow other works,which, upon appearing, were readwidely by a public interested in thepeople of Eastern Kentucky, whom,he' described as primitive in a sense,yet of a fineness of stock and originnot to remain undiscovered. Thosewhich gained him a host of readersand noted as an author were "TheHeart of the Hill," "The Little Shephedr of Kingdom Come," "The TrailofThe Lonesome Pine," "Crittenden,""Christmas On Lonesopne," "Following the Sun Flag," "Bluegrass andRhododendron," "A Knight of TheCumberlands," "Hell-Fer-Sartin" and"A Cumberland Vendetta." Mr. Foxalso gained distinction during theRusso-Japanese War, when he wassent to the Old World as a specialcorrespondent for The New YorkWorld, Collier's Weekly, and a number of other publications.Mr. Fox is survived by his mother,Mrs. John Fox, Sr., of Big Stone GapVa., and two sisters, Miss MinnieFox, of Big Stone Gap, Va,, and Mrs.Cabell Moore, of Washington, D. C;five brothers, Everett Fox, of Lexington; Horace and Oliver Fox, of BigStone Gap, Va.; Richard Fox, ofChicago; and Rector Fox, of NewYork. Besides these fie is survivedby several distant relatives residingin different parts of the Bluegrasssection of Kentucky, one of whom,Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh, a former resident of Paris, now lives in Lexington. During the Spanish-American WarrMr. Fox went to Cuba as a war cor-,respondent for one of the big NewYork magazines and performed notable service in this field of activity.Mr. Fox was married about 15years ago to Fritzi Scheff , actress andnoted singer, but was divorced fromher a few years later.He was a beneficiary of the Garth,Fund, founded by Wm. Garth forthe education of poor, but worthyyoung men of Bourbon county, andwho lost his life in the sinking ofthe ship Lady Elgin in Lake Erieabout fifty years ago. In an interview with Mr. Fox in Paris, at thetime of the death of his father, heexpressed surprise that the .largenumber of prominent men of Pariswho had received their educationthrough the generosity of Mr. Garth,had not erected a monument on thelawn of the Bourbon county courthouse to his memory. He volunteered to head a fund for that purpose. The body was brought to Paristhis morning in a special car attached to the early Louisville &Nashville train, and was taken to ,the home of Miss Simms, on. Mt.Airy avenue. The body was accompanied from Big Stone Gap, Va., byrelatives and by Undertaker Wm. O.Hinton, of Paris.The funeral will be held from theresidence of Miss Lucy Simms, services being held atthe grave in theParis Cemetery at five o'clock this(Friday) afternoon, conducted hyRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The pall-bearerswill be Claude M. Thomas, Judge H.Clay Howard, William E. Simms,Charles H. Berryman, Upshar Berryman and Edward Bassett. .WHEAT CROP SAID TO BE- SOMEWHAT DISAPPOINnHS.A prominent Bourbon county farmer stated yesterday that it was hisopinion that the wheat crop in thiscounty would prove very disappointing, and that he had heard that someof the threshermen are preparing tostore their machines and quit work.They declare that there is not enoughen-ain in the wheat to repay themyfortheir labor. Bourbon county farmers,raised more wheat this season than:"ever before and the yield promised to -bethe largest in the history of thecounty. This is considered the beat "wheat section in the State. phe condition of the crop is due maimly tothe severely wet month of Hay, 4t is1 thought by the growers. - ..?,:y! IAA'Lya'Hr V1. -J-vkv",""'?FRIDAY, JULY 11, lfl.mI1THE BOUBBON NEW&. PARIS, KENTUCKYxBOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publication2ub!ished Every Tuesday and EridayPer. Year . . ? &0 0 6 Months . . $1.0Payable in Adavance.8WEET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.gartered at the Paris, Kentucky..Pofltoffice as Mall Matter of the-Second Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theMaracUr, standing or reputation ofluiyv person, firm or corporation whichpaay- appear in the .columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thealtar.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 peracfe for first time; 50 cents per inchaaeh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineac& issue; reading notices in black(type, 20 cents per line, each issue..Cards of thanks, call on candidates, obituaries and resolutions,andoiiillar matter, 10 cents per line. vSpecial rates for large advertiseplants and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or other&aatter for publication. 'Announcements for political officesjaiust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVE"We are authorized to announceJAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourbon County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 19 197We are authorized to announce N.A. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forRepresentative from Bourbon Countyin the General Assembly of the Ken-tu-lvyLegislature. "FOR CITY COUNCILMANFirst Wardi"We.are authorized to announceJAMES H. MORELAND as a candidate 'for Councilman from the FirstWard, in the City of Paris, subjectto the, action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We .are authorized to announceN. FORD BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J. WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.Wfe are authorized to announceTHOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party."We are authorized to announce.JOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forCouncilman fropi the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters in the August primary election.,H'Second WardWe are authorized toOATESByZV SPEARS as aannouncecandidatef6n Councilmans in the Second Wardoi;thfcCfty ofr'Paris, Ky., subject toactittn- of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceSUGH BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Third Ward.We are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE as a candidate forCouncilman in.the Third Ward of theCity-of ParisvlCy., subject to actionof the Democratic party..- -EDITORIAL MUSINGS."This Year's Sweet Girl Graduate.The "sweet girl graduates" in theJune that has just ended were justas sweet as the girl of other years.Ac fhpv trinned gracefully to thefootlights and related the old, oldstory about Italy lying beyond theAlps they were just as easy to lookupon as were the girls of the yearsgone by.There were perhaps not so manyfrills in the dresses as we were oncewont-to see And there was a certainuniformity about the costumes thatadded to rather than detracted fromthe-beauty and poetry of the occa-Sion. mere was uui me uuuwaoiyore when some rich man's daughter outshone in gorgeousness of apparel her rivals, or some poor man'spocket book vas strained well nighto the breaking point that his daughter might appear to as great advantage's Dives daughter. -' Then the flowers were not so lavish, in the June of 1919 as they were& decade ago. A girl graduate without flowers would be somewhat akinto Hamlet without, the melancholyD&Iie so there were flowers, too,just enough to harmonize with thespirij of. the occasion, and not toomany in one girl's arm and too fewin another's to cause either regret orelation.The Modem Way.The United States Chamber of,Commerce will build a large and permanent home in Washington. Theinstitution has made its place in theCapital, wjhere it has come to berecognized as the (mouthpiece for thecommerce of the country? Manyyears ago the American Federation ofLabor established permanent headquarters in the Capital, and the affairs of labor have been very ablyhandled by it. In the old days wehad an "insidious lobby" system, andthe gum-shoe artists of the countryvoyaged to the seat of Governmentand put their schemes across. Themodern way is for business and industry, as represented through theChamber of Commerce to meet suchorganized movements as the Federation of Labor, in-order that the different elements may be better able tolay their cases before the Government, so that the latter, with a clearunderstanding of conditions may arrive at conclusions that supposedlyare to be the best interests of thewhole people.Staesmanship is winning the dayfor statesmanship is business. Itis the most practical thing in theworld. And the modern, way helpsit to be more successful than it hasever been before.They Look Bad.When the gutters are strewn withrefuse. ,When empty bottles decorate thedark corners, that looks bad alsosuspicious.When papers blow over the townindicating thoughtlessness and lackof care.Wheii you see broken glass under foot bad and dangerous.When you see kitchen garbagedumped in the back yard or tossedover the fence looks bad and itsmells worse.When you see a back yard litteredwith the accumulations of (monthsand of years, it looks more than bad.When you see a front yard downat the heels and going to seed, youwonder but we'll let you finish thesentence.Just howx bad or we, anyway?They Look Good.Paved streetskept clean andinrepair.Business housesand residencesneatly painted.Roads graded and no "duck ponds"allowed to form.Front yards with concrete walks,flower beds, and vacant lots seededand frequently mowed.Back yards so clean they compeladmiration.School yards sanitary and withadequate plagrounds for children.Store windows with neat displaysof goods and a spirit of thrift in evidence. Churches well filled on Sundays.No street corner loafers andbums.A strong spirit of civic pride.Everybody hustling for himselfand boosting for Paris.These are good signs push 'emalong.RATS AND MICE EXERMINATED.Rats and mice, enemies of mankind everywhere, and one of the mostpotent agencies of destruction anywhere, have been banished from theorphanage at Oxford, N. C.This spring they appeared in vastnumbers little brown mice and biggray rats. They gnawed their wayinto cupboards, and were playinghavoc with the grain in the barn.Trap they avoided, and the usualpoisons they spurned.It was just about this time that aWar Savings Society was organizedin the orphanage, but not a vastnumber of Thrift Stamps werebought, because the inmates werenot burdened with an overplus ofmoney.Bu the superintendent had anidea. He had two ideas. He wanted to get rid of the pests and hewanted his charges to acquire habits of thrift. Therefore he declaredwar on the vermin.For every casualty in ratdom ormousedom he offered a bounty of onecent per head. And the little boysgot busy and the little girls overcame their aversion for the pestiferous rodents, and a war of extermination was declared.Now the orphanage at Oxford isfreed of the pests, and the littleboys and girls are all creditors ofUncle Sam and are piling up a savings account that will help to makethem useful men and women whenthey depart from the orphanage totake their places in the work-a-dayPworld.LOSS OE APPETITE.As a general rule there is nothingserious about a loss of appetite, andif you skip a meal or only eat twomeals a day for a few days you willsoon have a relish for your mealswhen meal time comes. Bear inmind that at least five hours shouldalways elapse between meals, so asto give the food ample time to digestand the stomach a period of rest before a second meal is taken. Then ifyou eat no more than you crave andtake a reasonable amount of outdoor exercise every day you will notneed to worry about your appetite.When the loss of appetite is causedby constipation, as is often the case,that should be corrected at once. AI dose of Chamberlain's "Tablets willa0 it." (july-adv)MILLERSBURGMr. W. G. Leer is remodelinghis home.t Mr. H. A. Patterson remainsabottt the same.See the nice line of overalls atCaldwell's. Prices right.. Miss Lizzie Vimont, who hasbeen quite ill, is able to be about thehouse again.Miss Cantrill, of Paris, was theguest of her grand-mother Tuesdayand Wednesday.See the work shirts at Caldwell's. Prices right.Messrs. D. P. Jones and ClarenceWasson left Tuesday on a businesstrip to Cincinnati.Mrs." Jennie Letton was the guestWednesday and Thursday of Mrs.Forest Letton, 'at Paris.Mrs. C. N. Johnson, son. anddaughter, of Falmouth, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. R. C. Borner.Mr. E. S. Wadell, who has beenat home for several days, returnedto his duties at Paris, Tuesday.Miss Lottie Vimont, of DesMoines, Iowa, will arrive Monday asthe guest of her aunt, Miss Lizzie Vimont. Mrs. W. D. Cline and son, MasterWalter Cline, of Gonzales, Tex., areguests of their cousin, Mrs. A. S.Miller.We are still selling shoes cheaper than you can buy them elsewhere.Call and inspect, and you are sure tobuy. R. M. CALDWELL.Dr. J. A. Grimes and family, ofCincinnati, are guests of his brotherand sister, Mr. M. C. Grimes, andMrs. C. Bascom.Mrs. G. W. Johnson has returned from St. Joseph Hospital, 'Lexington, where she underwent an operation some weeks ago, much improved. Mesdantes E. H. Kerr and E. D.Baldwin left Sunday for the bedsideof their mother, Mrs. Martha Bald-,win, of Maysville, who remains critically ill.The District Conference of theColored JMethodist Church has beenin session here since Tuesday, andwill continue over Sunday. A largenumber of delegates are present.Mr. John Letton, who has beenmustered out of service, and who hasrecently returned from France, isguest of his mother and sister, Mrs.Jennie Letton, and daughter.Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Jones returned Thursday to the home of hismother, Mrs. Mattie B. Jones, Mr.Jones having been mustered out ofthe naval service in Virginia.Rev. J. W. Gardner, Dr. andMrs. C. C. Fisher, Rev. and Mrs. J.D. Redd returned Wednesday after aweeks' sojourn at the Centenaryconvention of Methodism, at Columbus, O.Mrs. Anna Cummins, who hasbeen the guest of her cousin, Mrs.Mattie B. Jones, left Wednesday fora few days' visit to relatives at Lexington, and from there to her sister,Mrs. Belle T. Draine, of Eminence.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Miller, ofthis city, with a party of ten others,went"on a touring trip Sunday, toMaysville, and crossing the OhioRiver, went to the old Beasley homewhere Mr. Miller was married thirty-sixyears ago. They returned byway of Flemingsburg and BlueLicks.Secure your season tickets forChautauqua, which will open Monday afternoon. The program is goodanoVyou can't afford to miss it. Remember that Chautauquas help buildup every neighborhood in which theygo. Twelve numbers by. artists, foronly $2.20. The opening numberwill take place Monday at 3:00 p.m.Miss Alberta Maffott entertainedwith an elaborate course luncheonon Wednesday in honor of her houseguest, Miss Bronnie Efird, of Charlotte, N. C. Those who enjoyed MissMaffott's hospitality were: MissesBall, Sarah Louise Bedford, Elizabeth Tarr, Agnes Turner, of Paris;Elizabeth Miller, Virginia Shanklinand LavinaLayson, of Millersburg.Meeting of the trustees of theMillersburg Cemetery, Juesday, July8, 1919, at the home of James H.Carpenter, for the following business: O. M. Johnson, Millersburg,was elected trustee to take the placeof W. M. Layson, deceased. JamesH. Carpenter was elected presidentof the board, The board agreed toraise the price of lots to 50c persquare foot, digging graves foradults $10, and children under 3years, $5, and strangers, lot and digging grave, at $20.oHOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's' Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for 'a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh." Send for testimonials.free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)'o -Lucky Youth.A boy was up before an Englishmagistrate for stealing gooseberries.The clerk was absent, so the magistrate had to look in an alphabeticallaw book to see what he ought to do.Presently he turned to the boy andsaid: "My lad, U's lucky for you It'sgooseberries, and hot a goose. Fora goose it's a month without the option, but I can't find any reference togooseberries. You are discharged.'FINANCE IN TIMES OF PEACE.The end of the war finds the United states a creditor nation to mostof the nations of the' world, and economists deeply concerned as to insuring the funding of these debts soas to give us the prosperity to whichthe conditions entitles us.It is agreed that the nationswhich owe us must be highly prosperous in order for us to be prosperous. This was exemplified during thewar by our commercial relationswith Spain, where our dollar wasworth only about fifty cents, because shipping conditions preventedadjustment of trade balances.Sentiment, figured largely in proposals advanced for our participation in the rehabilitation of France,suggestions have even been madethat we cancel France's entire debtto us. One of the latter proposals Isthat we divert all the interest payments on our Allies debts to us to a"rehabilitation fund."Why should not the "average man"create a financial rehabiliation fundfor himself? The man of ordinaryincome will be amazed at the improvement he canjnake in his condition by systematic disposition ofhis salary -or wage.A few dollars saved first out ofevery pay envelope will soon amass afund which may, through making itpossible to seize upon the opportunity that awaits every man, revolutionize a lifetime.The first requisite is to save regularly, the second to invest securely at good interest. The Government has undertaken to underwriteyour efforts by Offering you WarSavings Stamps for investment.They are safe, and are always redeemable at more than the cost. Youreceive four percent if emergency demands that you ash them beforematurity.Franklin Touring CarFranklin pouring Car, just repainted and overhauled, new cordtires; a bargain for one who wants anice car.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Miss Belle Mitchell, deceased, will , please present themproperly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Administrator.All persons indebted Xo the estateof the decased are requested to calland settle.DR. J. T. VANSANT,Administrator Miss Belle Mitchell.(4-3t).Attention !Autoists!Give in your automobiles for taxation now and save penalty. Wehave .a complete list of all autoowners in Bourbon County, so nonewill get away. The law requires youto come to our office and give in yourlists. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.J. J. REDMON,. Deputy.(4-4t)public Sale0FDesirable Residence!As agent for the heirs of the lateMiss Belle Mitchell, I will sell atpublic auction, on the prepises, onPleasant street, onThursday, July 24, 1919,at two o'clock,- p. m., the desirableresidence of Miss Belle Mitchell, oneof the most desirably located andwell-constructed modern homes incity. The residence is atwo-storybrick, with slate roof; right side ofithe street; near business center, carlines and churches.This home has all the modern conveniences; good furnace, and is ingood repair. Can be seen at anytime by appointment.At the same time and place I willsell the household effects, comprisingmany useful articles, includingchairs, tables, rugs, carpets, sideboard dressers, beds, etc.J. T. VANSANT, Agent.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(8-5t)Eye Examination!We use in our examination of .theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones, Paris, Ky- jThe next time ,you buy calomelask forThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sureMedicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL',(4-6t)NoticeAll parties indebted to me willplease call and settle; Your accountis due and I need the cash to meetby obligations.(l-3t) ' J. ELVOVE.Touring Car For SaleSmall, five-passenger, electriclights, self-starterdemountable rims.A bargain for one who wants something better than a Ford.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris; Ky.Ford For SaleFor Coupe, as good as new, electric starter, new tires with demountable wheels.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Master's . Sale !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Fanniebelle Sutherland - Plaintiff.Vs. Notice of Sale.Arthur Stevens Hutchcraft, DefendantPursuant to judgment and order ofsale in the above styled action in theBourbon Circuit Court, made at itsJune, 1919, term, the undersignedMaster Commissioner will, onSaturday, July 19, '19,about 11 a. m., at the Court Housedoor, Paris, Kentucky, expose topublic saleto the highest and bestbidder,, a house and lot located onMain street, Paris, Kentucky, anddescribed as follows:aLots 15 and 16 on the west sideof Main sfreet, in said City of Paris,Kentucky, fronting on Main street132 feet and 8 inches, and runningback the same width as in front214 feet, to High street, boundedin front by Main street, in the rearby High street, on the S. W. by Lynnstreet, and on the N. E. by lot No.17, belonging to the widow Ingels(now the property of Mrs. RachelQuisenberry) and is the same property conveyed to Charles S. Hansonby Sidney Clay by deed recorded inDeed Book 54, page 232, office of theClerk of the Bourbon Qpunty Court;less a parcel of land conveyed by firstparties to Mrs. Carrie Hanson Thomas, afterwards owned by Mrs. Sidney Clay and now owned by theCatholic School, fronting on Mainstreet 65 feet and running back thesame width tg High street, and beingthe portion of aboye described landsadjacent to Lynn street.The property hereby conveyed isall of the above described lots- Nos.15 and 16, after deducting the portion thereof conveyed to the- saidCarrie Hanson Thomas, afterwardsowned by Mrs. Sidney Clay and nowowned by the Catholic School.. The(remainder consists of a lot about 67feet and 8 inches fronting- on Mainstreet and extending back the samewidth to High street about 214feet, adjoining the home place ofMrs. Rachel Quisenberry on thenorth side, and" the home of Mrs.May Stoner Clay (now CatholicSchool) on the South, and havingthereon a two-story brick dwellinghouse and other improvements.TERMS Said property will besold upon credits of six and twelvemonths for equal parts of the pur-V chase money, the purchaser to execute bonds with good surety, to beapproved by the Master.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.M". F,v Kenney, Auctioneer.falotaosWilmoth'sFreshHome!Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Rbasts,Steaks,Chops, Fahcy Goods.N FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376A Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL. THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat50c.the yard.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstiFireTheft -Collision 1Property DamageLiability . '. And Other ;CasualtiesAJ. FEEAGENT::3ffiurtoh's1 Confectionery Store gSuccessor to Adami & anti.XAGENT TOR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COTJNSELOB,AND SONADA CIGARSAdamPs Famous Recipe forLj making delicious Ice Cream.mi boda Water and Mixed. Drinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream) - Kdelivered for home use.xI Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For tht BEST, Set Us,JFRANK BURTONIKIi:-:if r-vt- -.' FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1919. ,THE BOTOBOW HEWS PAWS, XEHTOOTIt frrnrT Men nana VIIwt.a? .B va9El0FHifA Coated Tongue ?What it MeansA bad breath, coated tongue, badlaete in the mouth, languor and debility,are usuallyeigne thatthe liver isout of order.Prof. Hemmeter saye:"The liver iaan organeecondary inimportanceonly to theheart."We ca.nmanu facture poisons"within ourjpwn bodieswhich arees deadly as a snake's venom.The liver acts as a guard oyer ourveil-being, sifting out the cinders andashes from the general circulation.A blockade in the intestines pilesb heavy burden upon the liver. Ifthe intestines are choked or cloggedup, the circulation of the bloodbecomes poisoned and the systembecomes loaded with toxic waste,and we suffer from headache, yellow-coatedtongue, bad- taste inmouth, nausea, or gas, acid t dyspepsia, languor, debility, yellow skinor eyes. At such times one shouldtake castor oil or a pleasant laxative. Such a one is made of Mayapple, leaves of aloe ancf jalap, putinto ready -to -use form by DoctorPierce, nearly fifty years ago, andsold for 25 cents by all druggists ttsDr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets..WHEAT IS HARVESTED BY ELECrsk. TBIC LIGHT IS MASON.Br i'1Persons motoring in the Mayslicknighborhood, in Mason county, weresurprised to see wheat harvest infull blast on the Cal Arthur farm at9 o'clock at night. The binder wasbeing pulled by a tractor whosepowerful electric searchlight furnishes light for the harvest hands.CW)txSouthern Optical Co. fIncorporatedPSYCHOLOGY OF INFLUENZAManufacturers of Perf ect-FittlnaSPECTACLES AND" EYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvSoiole Bifocal Lena4th & Chestnut StsLOUISVILLE, KY.iXIIxA physician writes to the continental edition of the London Timesto know whether the medical profession have been discussing influenza and have disagreed, as usual,regarding treatment and prevention.Not unnaturally the public is feeling bewildered. It is almost inclinedto wonder whether the medical pnfession knows anything at all aboutinfluenza. Perhaps the great ones ofthe medical profession don't. Butthe general practitioneer does. Heif he is of any use realizes that,though he cannot treat the disease,he can treat the patient.How does he do it: His methodsare quite simple. He bucks the patient up. Either he makes the patient laugh or he makes him verycross. It doesn't matter whicn. Theresult is the same.In either case the natient is provided with something fresh to thinkahout. Either he talks about thedoctor's affability or he growls aboutthe doctor's brutality, and 'threatensto "report him." Then he goes tosleep and wakes refreshed.Influenza is really a most innocuous affair. The percentage of persons affected who develop serioussymptoms 'is ridiculously small, andthe percentage would be smaller stillif there were more general sanityknocking around.Here is a truly scientific expositionof what hJHtons. There are certaingerms waflBB about with their tailsup, seeking flctiros. No. 1 germ provides SJBmuheadaclie, and the pains allover. B. 2 germ hands out "thepneumonia which kills.Neither germ has much chancewith the person who is not preparedto welcome him. If you are fit, thegerm he has a nice long namewill drop his tail and let you passby unscathed; but if you are not fitand particularly if you let thegerm know you are afraid of himhe will go for you. i , ., . a gTHE MOBBING FACE. .The morning face has been muchwritten of by writers past and present, and, human nature undergoingno volcanic upheavals, will be bywriters to come. It has been muchtalked of by wives, and! always willbe much talked of by wives.It is made up of grouch, bile, torpid liver, cigars smoked late at night,not enmiffh sleeD or too much and afew other inconsequential poisonslike those. Husbands taKe tnismorning face out of bed of morningsflnd narrv it to the breakfast taoie.After it has sufficiently soured thewife and the children then carry itto thevstreet cars and there displayit in all its beautiful simplicity forthe edification of cheery street carconductors, who have nothing to doexcept arise at 3 o'clock in the morning and work twelve to fourteenhours a day. To the greetings ofacquaintances on the car the morningface opens and shuts with the pleasurable vim. or a rat trap. "Arrump,"it remarks intelligibly, "wnazzat.'Fine day, th' devil. Never gonnarain."By the time it reaches the workshop and has a cigar in its teeth,the morning face is ready to beagreeable, if it is an inferior. If it isa superior, a boss, ofttimes it continues for quite a while to be assweet as the schoolgirl's favorite refreshment. The morning face is familiar tomost men. It furnishes most mengreat amusement when observed upon the other fellow. Alas, however,Robert Burns had it right; men don'tcarry pocket mirrors.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BLACKIS A WINNERIt is generally concededthat Governor James D.Black will be an easfj winner of the democratic nomination for Governor inthe August Primary.The people are for him.He is the logical candidate. His great service tothe ticket in 1915 should not go unrewarded.He is 10000 votes stronger than any other candidate.In 1915 he reduced the republican majority in 86counties in Eastern Kentucky, nearly 5000 vote.His majority over his opponent waa from 4000 to8000 more than the majority of the other member ofthe ticket over their respective opponentsHe is the best -campaigner, the best debater, themost pleasing speaker, by far, of any candidate'offering for Governor on the democratic ticket.In him, Democracy has an invincible champion.He's a Winner Vote For Him andDemocratic Success In November IPACKARD MOTOR CAR COMPANY7 Cumulative Ecef erred StockEARNINGSPresent Earnings nearly six times new interest requirements of this Preferred Sfock. " " "SINKING FU tipAnnual Sinking und equal' to 5 of Net Earnings.ppopgcnvE PRoyisjoN.? No mortgage onplantJthout the, consent offhe majority pf preferredstockholders. The OomjMmy hasrn boTMirdebt,.and no dividend 'can , bepaid oi..the' common stock unless quick liiwets' are 150 of liabilities.-PIir.P Iftft Aiil.iftIijIftnr1 a vi1r1 7CT.- --.wm WW OTMW - w J . "- r ,w '" . fV'jcjnujcMs.waiM&.Mrs. Charlton Alexander was aguest this week of relatives andfriends in Versailles.Mr. Roy Collins has returned tohis home in Canton, Ohio, after avisit to friends in this city.Mrs. E. C. Harney has returnedto her home in Cleveland, Ohio, .aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. George W.Clay.Mr. Jason Redmon, of near Paris,has gone to Akron, Ohio, where hewill enter the employ of a large mercantile firjm.Miss Elizabeth Toohey, of Paris,is visiting in Lexington this weekas guest of Misses Aileen Sullivaiand Mary Brannon.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Cleveland andchildren have returned from a visitto the latter's sister, Mrs. N. L. Bishop, .near Versailles.Mrs. Jno. J. McClintock is entertaining as house guest at herhome on Duncan avenue, Miss LenoraAlliband, of Richmond.Miss Mary Grannan, of Cincinnati, is a sruest of her brother andsister, Mr. Will Grannan and MissElizabeth Grannan, in this city.Mr. Carroll Teller, who has beenvisiting his family at the home ofMr. and Mrs. I. L. Price", on SouthMain street, has returned to bishome in Chicago.Mrs. H. A. Power and daughter,Miss Sara Power, have returned fromColumbus, Ohio, where they havebeen attending the sessions of theMethodist Centenary.Miss Frances Johnson, of Huntington, W. Va., is a guest of hermother, Mrs. W. A. Johnson, and hersisters, Mrs. Clell Turney and Mrs. J.Sims Wilson, of Paris.Mr. David Bachrach returnedTuesday to his home in Little Rock,Ark., after a visit to his family at thehome of Mr. and Mrs; Louis Wollstein, on Pleasant street.Lawrence James and WherrittHoward have gone to Port Arthur,Texas, where they will resume theirformer positions with the Texas35and and Development Co.Mr. Irvine Keller who has beena guest several days or His mtner,Mrs. Callie Keller, and his sister,Mrs. Robert L. Prank, returned tohis home in Chicago, Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandhave returned from their bridal tour,and are temporarily domiciled at thehome of the groom's motner, Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, on SouthMain street.Misses Marsrerv and Ruth Williams, of Detroit, Mich., daughter ofMrs. Pattie Ware Williams, formerlyof Paris, are visiting their grandmother, Mrs. Alice Ware, - on bixteenth street.Mrs. Jack Wilson, who was operated on at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, about twoweeks ago, was able to return to. herhome on the Bethlehem pike, nearParis, Tuesday.One of the most attractive ofthe manv midsummer visitors in thecity is Miss Archange Howland, ofWashington, D. C, who is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. Hiram Koseoerry, aitheir home on South Main street.Miss Martha Viley, who holds aresponsible position with the RexPyramid Oil Company, at Winchester, has been spending the past fewdays with her pa'rents in Bourboncounty, coming over to join Mr. andMrs. Robert Viley, of El Paso, Texas,who are also spending their vacationin Bourbon county.Mrs. Thomas Helm Minary, MissAmelia Minary and. Mr. Thos. Minary, of Louisville, will arrive thisweek for a visit to Mr. and Mrs.John J. Redmon, at their home nearNorth Middletown. At the conclusion of their visit they will go toWalloon Lake, in Wisconsin, to spenda month at Indian Garden.(Other Personals on Page 5)0 :AMERICANS TO HELP REBUILDERANCE.A big New York corporation hasjust' signed a contract -for the rebuilding of 'the Nancy district ofFrance, the tentative figures being$250,000,000, while the final figuresmay exceed $500,000,000 before thetask is completed. The work undertakeninvolves the reconstruction orrepair, of public buildings, factories,dwellings, roads, bridges, churches,and all other structures destroyed bythe German invaders.The enormous amount of this proposed expenditure for the repairing,to such a limited extent as may nowbe possible, of the destructionwrought by the Huns in a singlesmall section of France, indicates theutter inadequacy of even the largestsupn ($25,000,000,000) which hasbeen mentioned as the total of thereparations to be eventually demanded by allied countries from Germany.Germany has made a loud protest tothe effect that she "cannot pay;"but the cold, unanswerable fact isthaf France alone leaving the hugewar damages and costs to the UnitedStates, Great Britain, Italy "andother Allied countries entirely out ofthe account has already 1een compelled by Germany to pay in physicalwar damages and costs, alone, even,aside trcpn lier terrible and irreplaceable loss ot manhood, far more thanthe total, amount likely to be required from Germany for all her warcrimes. As a'Wtter of, fact, Germany is able atfdttshould.nbe" made topay in full, at least to prance andTtoiP-imn for every dollars worth ofLdestruction tbashe wrought in hernorrioie wen ii vvim. j.' o,N,Yrk Htlp.Advertisement in Gotjjam paper:-Colored girl wants "haft time, generalhousework; no washing, or anything.Mine A, 246 West 14th irtreet."i iThe Mabley & Carew Company. (Cincinnati)&,Keeps Open HouseXand makes every visitor feel at-home.Our people are hospitable and ready to do theirutmost to make visitors comfortable and welcome.Fountain square, where our store is located, isthe very center of Cincinnati's life and bustle.Our rest and lounging rooms are at your service.We will take care of your hand baggage withoutany cost to'you,Make the Mabley & Carew Company storeyour headquarters while in Cincinnati. Makeappointments to meet your friends at our store.We will appreciate your visit and value yourpatronage if you choose to bestow it.Our well appointed restaurant serves the besttood the market 'affords prices moderate.$Vfr-wfctH&3 i"jigr-,?:ffifflttUsyz0CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STOREFIFTH AND VINE STREETSfomfrFOUNDED 187 7,FOUNTAIN SQUAREvYJQQQQQQQnCQfyrQ'flCopper of the Ancients.Metallurgists who have examined.specimens or tne so-caned hardenedcopper of the ancients have found notpure copper, but usually an alloy,either natural that Is, the two metals existed in one ore so that in reduction an alloy was formed or an artificial alloy made by melting the twoores together, the one copper, thepther'zinc."r-,. Mt"frM"M"t'M 'H Wl 1 1 H-H 1 1 1 1 ! H1IIIIHH''" Worth It 'tflTommy (laid up from .eating too(jnucn dinner; "i leei awruny sick,ma, but it was worth it." BostonTranscript.LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESGirls! Make beauty lotion iora few cents Try It!Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have-a. quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifler, at very verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)2 Ton REPUBLICLong wheel base, stake body$20001 1-2 Ton REPUBLICjChattis only $1500EOIp,Worm driveExp;eBdy,450FORD Ch'aV-dnve-Express Body, $55f1i&m1 10K) GUbet?AvbNffiCinjcitrialt,teiW'MuilSiBtCjHSBraTnSiixtt iwMiiMiMilShS)9BHHHSH!3&C3The J. T. Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSAND MMRALMERSMainandSStreeand Sixth- . - Dav Dhone 36KQtC fiT-17 Nlsht s . . Sfi .j. 4j.j.j --J or- MHomeMotor equipment!Ambulance calls promptly atiefriietf id with our 1I ImAiiciitA InvslSfl rA4h S.WMBBB. IIIHIIMHearse used for funeral purposes only.s?w:v4:rtataaBaaaBpiBT1!IIIIIIHIIIMillllllllllllllllilllllUlUlUllMllllliA MAN AND HIS WIFEnkmay both derive saiisfactittfrvy navmg ineir worn ana eoiiem V t ,. , -, Mir jt igarments cleaned by ns. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes tliat.have the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgeyou are effecting greatving, must surely satisfy ycinArphone brings us.LVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Hon Pkn 1 SOS',-hIMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL',:i-.fr.-. jv.;' -mi ' 'J "' Jt-f.i?-5!5?3TGreatest Values Ever Offered the Public of Bourbon County!SI MON'"'--' "JV"' ""''"i --i?j.'flfliw ?S. -sr-vi-'8emhnbSUE!AOur Entire Stock of Ready-to-Wear and Dry GoodsSacrificed For Immediate ClearanceA Message to My Friends andPatronsiN order to be relieved of some of the cares which the personal attention to my stores in Paris and Lexington haveimposed upon me, I have sold an interest in my Paris storeto MR. R. GOLDSTEIN, of Cincinnati, who assumed managementof the Paris store on July 1st.It is my wish to dispose of as much of my stock as possiblebefore making invoice. In order to accomplish this desire, I havedecided to sacrifice every article in my stock regardless of formercost or present value.Much of this merchandise was bought long before the presenthigh prices, so those of you who attend this sale may expect somerare bargains.MARRY SIMON.SaleStartsTli"UL3?scia,3r7 Jtily 17This sale will go down in the record of local merchandising as the greatest valuesever offered a buying public. It will offer you a golden opportunity to save tremendously. Coming as it does at the height of the buying season, it is your opportunity toclothe yourself for many months to come at savings so great as to astonish you. Youcannot afford to pass by this great Chang-in-Business Sale without heeding.You owe it to yourself, you owe it to your family, you owe it to us, who have madethis opportunity possible, to attend this the most magnificent money-saving event everknown in the annals of of local merchandising.So come, and we promise that if you are a judge of merchandise the values weoffer will gladden your heart and prompt you to purchase.A FEW OF THE MANY SAVINGS OFFERED IN THIS SALELadies' SuitsOne lot Suits, $25, 30, $35.Suits, $39.50, atSuits, 50.00, atSuits, 60.00, at .,Suits, 69.50, atMillinery$16.98. 27.5034.7545.0049,50Ladies' Silk and GeorgetteDressesLadies Dresses, 139.50, at,Ladies' Dresses, 49.50, at.Ladies' Dresses, 75.00, at.$29.5039.5059.50Ladies' Wash DressesLadies Wash Dresses, $12.50 .... $ 9.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 15.00.... 12.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 19.75.... 16.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 25.00 ... . 1 9.75Children's Middy DressesChildren's Dresses, $5.50, at $4.98Children's Dresses, 6.00, at 5.39Children's White DressesChildren's Dresses, $3.50, at $2.98Children's Dresses, ; 4.50, at 3.98Children's Dresses, 7.50. at 5.98Children's Dresses, 10.00, at 8;48Children's Dresses, 12.50, at 1 0.98Children's Gingham Dresses$2. 00 Dresses at $ 1 .69$3.00Dresses at 2.59$5.00 Dresses at 4.49$6.00Dresses at 5,48Dolmans and Capes at a GreatlyReduced Price. Very Few Left.Ladies9 HatsLot No. 1, worth up to $5.00, at $1.00Lot No. 2 2.48Lot No. 3 4.98Lot No. 4 6.98Ladies' SkirtsLadies' Skirts, $10.00, at.Ladies' Skirts, 15.00. at.Ladies' Skirts, 20.00, at..$ 7.981 2.981 6.98Ladies' WaistsLadies' Waists, $1.50, at ..$1.19Ladies' Waists, 2.00, at 1 .69Ladies' Waists, 2.50, at 2; 1 9Ladies' Waists, 3.00, at 2.59Ladies' Waists. 3.50, at 2.98Ladies' Waists, 4.00, at 3.39Ladies' Waists, 5. 00. at 4.29Ladies' Waists, 6.00 and $6.50, at 4.98Ladies' Waists, 7.50, at 5.98Ladies' Waists, 10.00, at 7.98Ladies' Waists, 12.50,-at 9.98Ladies' Waists, 15.00, at 12. 98Ladies' Waists, 17.50, at 1 4.98TowelsOne lot of Huck Towels, 25c quality,plain, without- borders, at. . .One lot of Huck Towels, red borders at. ..............One lot of Turkish Bath Towels' 50cquality, atOne lot of 85c Huck Towels at17c19c39c69cSheetsOne lot of $1.25 Sheets at 98c$2. 00 Sheets at $1.69$2.50 Sheets at 1.98Pillow Cases50c quality at 42cLadies' Hose -25cvquality 19c50c quality 39c75c quality 59cCorset CoversOne lot of Silk Corset Covers, 75c quality, at 48cLadies' Gingham Dresses$3.00 Dresses at $2.693.50 Dresses at 3.194.00 Dresses at . 3.695.00 Dresses at 4.596.00 Dresses at 5.3910.00 Dresses at . , '. 8.9812.50 Dresses at 10.98White GoodsVoiles, Flaxons, Organdies35c quality at .TrrTTrr.TTT. .777. ..... .29c50c quality at .42c65c quality at . -. .- 59c75c quality at . . : 68c85c quality at 75c$1.00 quality ; at . . . , 89c1.25 quality at 98cDress Ginghams35c quality at . .27 l-2c40c quality at 32 l-2c75c quality at 59c85c quality at 69cPercalesLight Percales, best grade, at 29cDark Percals, 50c quality, at 39cAmerican Lady CorsetsOdd sizes, regular price $2.00 to $3.00,sale price $1.48BrassiersBrassiers worth 75c to $1.00,sale price .' g$cMiddiesMiddies, regular price $2.50, sale price .. $l.ae$2.75 Middies, sale price, 2.29$3.00 Middiessale price 2.48Ladies' Gowns$1.50 values at $1.292.00 values at 1.692.50 values at 1.985.00 values at 3.S8Teddy Bears$1.50 values at $1.292.00 values at ,. 1.6S2.50 values at -v.:T.... 1.S83.00 values at .T. 2.593.50 values atrfff. . . . :. 2.98Silk Underwear Comb.$2.00 values at $1.692.50 values at 2.193.00 values at 2.694.50 values at 3.98Silk Teddy Bears$3.25 values at , $2.984.00 values at 3.654.25 values at 3.85Silk Gowns$5.00 values at ;.7.50 values at$3.485.98Store Closed Tuesday and Wednesday To Mark Down GoodsAbsolutely nothingtakea back, exchangedor on appproval during this sale.This Sale Is Strictly Cash!No Credit!Our EXTREME LOWPRICES prohibit exchanges, returnsapprovals.orm HUH hHIH Hf h ' i H:f-.A2. . '....rA, .,,. .;:..ajj. ::'..-&, .-N.uvff'- ,h.?tFRIDAY, JULY 11, 19i9.rfvTHE BOUBBOK HEWS, PABIS, XEHTBCCT.PAGEHVE 1"VfCTaFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEOBDER YOUR BIACKBEKRIESGive us your blackberry ordernow. Don't wait until too late.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)LONE PBISONER TAKEN TOERANKPORT REFORMATORYOne lone man, the only offendergiven, a penitentiary sentence at theJune term of Bourbon Circuit Court,is now behind the gates of that institution. The prisoner, JamesSmith, convicted on a charge of burglary, was taken in an automobileto Frankfort in. charge of DeputySheriff Ollie Marshall, PatrolmanJudy and J. M. Suirgeon. Smithdrew a term of two years.. oSALE OF EDIBLESDon't forget that the ladies of theParis Christian church will havetheir usual Saturday sale of edibles,cakes, pies, and all other goodthings that have escaped from theculinary Paradises of the makers.The sale will be held in the Wilsonbuilding at the corner of Main andThird streets. The ladies are usingthe proceeds of the sale in. helping topay for the redecorating of thechurch. Help them with your patronage. -o-hail insurance:Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)oGET 'ENL WHILE ITS HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, $8to $12.Straw Hats, ?1 to $b.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L.. WOLLSTEIN,(g-tf) 619 Main Street)CONSTRUCTION ENGINEER SELECTED. Mr A. Boener, of Louisville, wasselected as civil engineer to superintend the construction of the newstreets in Paris, at a recent meetingof the Improvement Committee oneof the members being absent. Bidswill be advertised and opened onJuly 28 for the reconstruction or tnefollowing streets in the city:Main street, from Tenth to Fourteenth' High street, from the CityMl to fourteenth street; PleasantSeet from Second street to Twelfthand the intesecting streets, from Second street to Fourteenth.WALK UP TO THE CAPTAIN'SDESK AND Tjrcs SYlhThe C"-f Board or Tax Supervisorsjg session for the purpose of hearing the people of Paris on the question of their tax assessment and.equalization. Summons were servedyesterday by Chief of Police Link onproperty-owners notifying them toappear before the Board. Under thelaw passed at the recent session ofthe State Legislature the tax assesment on all city real estate has beenraised eighty per cent, and the owners are to be given a chance to appear before the Board and show causewhy they should not be so taxed.SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerator, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duringE. M. WHEELER,f (1-tf) Robneel Building.o ..,hail insurance.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED,Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)FATHER DEMANDS INVESTIGATION INTO 3EATH OF SON.A thorough investigation into thecircumstances surrounding the deathof his son-, Jos. W. Murray, overseassoldier, tfound drowned in the bathing $rtol in the Covington Y. M. C.A., has been demanded by his father,Mr. Thos. J. Murray, formerly ofBaris. Mr. Murray is not entirelysatisfied with the supposition thatliis son struck his head against theside or the bottom of the pool whenhe dived into the water.Mr. Murray makes no charges, butexplained that he merely wanted ajudicial inquiry made, as he thoughtthere might have been foul play insome manner. Coroner Stephens, ofCovington, stated that none of theY. M. C. A. officials could throw anylight on the affair, as they could notinform him definitely when youngMurray went into the pool, there being no one present at the time. Howlong his body was in the water, theCoroner stated no one could say.Young Murray, was well-known here,having been a frequent -visitor at thehome of his relatives, Mr. and Mrs.Barney Brannon, and others.Mr. Murray and the Coroner couldnot account for the bruises found onthe boy's body, and a thorough andlatt Martin, of Paris, were the week-searching investigation will be made.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Irene and Willie Estesare visiting Mrs. C. H. Estes, in Cincinnati. Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey leftWednesday in their automobile fora trip to Columbia, Ky.Miss Mary Rose has returned toher home in this city after a visit toMrs. T. H. Luxon, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Stivers arevisiting the latter's mother, Mrs.Loughenia Collins, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. James E. Cravenmotored to Cincinnati, Wednesday,on a combined pleasure and businessmission.Mr. Foster Rogers, of Mt. Sterling, attended the funeral of hisuncle, Dr. E. S. Mitchell, in this city,Tuesday afternoon.Judge Denis Dundon is in Knoxville, Tenn., where he is engaged asattorney in a case being tried in theUnited States Court. ,tMiss Evelyn Berle has returnedto her home in Louisville after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Harry O. James,on Pleasant street.Mrs. Lucy G. Starks has returned to her home in Midway, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Emily Parker, in this city.Mrs. Myrtle Wolfert, of Tarantum, Pa., is a guest at the home ofher uncle, Mr. William Schrote, andfamily, on Scott avenue.Mrs. J. N. Teager left Tuesdayto attend the Methodist Centenary atColumbus, Ohio. She was joined byMrs. T. J. Flora at Cincinnati.Miss Eleanor Newhall, who hasbeen a guest of her father, Mr. JosNewhall, in this city, for severalweeks, has gone to Chicago, to visither brother, Mr. Wilson V. Newhall.Mr. Harold Johnson returnedyesterday to his home in Columbus,Ohio, after a visit to relatives in thiscity. His father, Mr. W. H. H.Johnson, was slightly improved yesterday. Mr. William (Cunny) Higginshas returned from Martinsville, Ind.,where he has been for several weeksunder treatment Jor rheumatism.He derived considerable benefit fromhis stay.Dr. O. W. Long, Dean of Williams College, at Williamstown,Mass., who has been a guest of hissister, Mrs. O. H. Collier, has goneto Eastern Kentucky on a businessmission.Mrs. Harold D. Johnson and sister, Mrs. V. D. Chandler, have arrived from Columbus, Ohio, to visittheir father, Mr. W. H. H. Johnson,who is very ill at his home on Mt.Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Edward M. Wallace and Miss Marian Benny, of Versailles, accompanied by Master NedBrent, son of Mr. N. Ford Brent, ofParis, have gone to Atlantic City, toremain the rest of the summer.Miss Lelia Keller left yesterdayfor a visit to her broth pr, Mr. Geo.Keller, and Mrs. Keller, -at theirhome in Dallas, Texas. She will accompany Mr. and Mrs. Keller on atour of Yellowstone Park and California. Winchester Democrat "Robt.Weaver Talbott, of Paris, who recently returned from France, has beenspending a week with his grandmother, Mrs. Mollie Kash, and hisaunt, Mrs. Lillie K. Henry, on SouthMain street."Ensign Oliver Gaines, nephewof Mr. Wm. Dale, of this city, whohas been visiting relatives in thisvicinity, has gone to Covington, tovisit relatives. From there he willleave on July 18 to join his ship, theU. S. S. Nebraska.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Mann,Mrs. Howard Carr and Miss InaMattox have returned from, Columbus, Ohio, where they attended several sessions of the Methodist Centenary, making the trip in Mr.Mann's automobile.Mr. and Mrs. George Wilder andson, Ussery Wilder, have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Wilder, near Louisville. Younggilder, who was injured some timeago inan automobile accident, nearParis, has about recovered.Mr. George Pryor, who has Keenin Paris for the past ten days visiting friends and relatives, has returned to his home near Dallas, Texas.Mr. Pryor enjoyed thoroughly thevisit to his old home, and hopes tobe able to return at no very distantdate for another visit.Major and Mrs. E. A. Anderson,who have been guests of Mrs. Anderson's sister, Mrs. J. S. Roberts,hear Paris, left Wednesday for theirhome at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.Major Anderson is a member of theMedical Corps of the United StatesArmy, stationed at Ft. Leavenworth.Mrs. Charlotte Mitchell, widowof Dr. E. S. Mitchell, who died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, last week, left yesterday, withher nephew, Mr. Foster Rogers, ofMt. Sterling, for Lake city, Tiorma.Mrs. Mitchell was formerly MissCharlotte Rogers, of near Mt. Sterling. Sanford Interior-Journal: "Agay crowd consisting of Misses Louiseand Florence Berry, of Cynthiana,Irene Bramblett, Paris, FrancesCook, Danville, and Eugene Spragens, Lebanon, Grayham Davidson,Burnside, have just returned to theirhomes, after being the guests at aten-days' house party given by MissLena Reynierson, at her home nearHustonville."Cynthiana Democrat "MissMary Smith has returned to Parisfrom a week-end visit to friends inCynthiana Mrs. Rhoda Conwayleft Tuesday for a visit to rrienasand relatives in Paris Mrs. N. B.Tnvinr and son Edwin, of Louisville, who have been, guestsoffriends and relatives inCynthiana,will visit friends in Paris and Fal-Jmouth before returning home . . . Mr.and Mrs. Fred McCarthy and son,Robert, and Miss Annie Kimbrough,have returned to their "home in thiscity, after visit to Mrs. Frank Lennoxin Paris Messrs. Arthur and Wyfnd guests of Mr. and Mrs. FrazierCurie, in the country. They enjoyed fine fishing while there."Miss Marian Barnett, who hasbeen visiting friends in Paris for several days, has returned to her homein Lexington.Sheriff Wm. G. McClintock, whohas been ill at his home on Pleasantstreet, is convalescent, and was ableto be out yesterday.A message was received in Parisyesterday from Mr. Chas. P. Cook,who is in Rochester, Minn., statingthat he and Mrs. Cook would arrivein Paris to-day. The physicians atthe Mayo Bros. Hospital, where Mrs.Cook had been under treatment, advised Mr. Cook that there was no evidence of organic trouble.Carlisle Mercury: "Miss AnnaLee is visiting in Paris. . . .Mr. T. J.Shannon and family, of Paris, wereamong those attending the funeraland burial of Mr. Patrick Berry, inthis city. . . .Miss' Anna Louise Burns, of Bourbon county, is visiting hergrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. S. W.Hopkins."(Other Personals on Page 3.)GOOD THINGS TO EAT ON SALETO-DAY AND TO-MORROWHome-cooked breads, cakes, pies,beaten biscuit and everything goodto eat, fresh and on sale to-day andto-morrow. Also all kinds of freshvegetables, berries, melons andfruits. Remember, too, we save youmoney if you bring the cash.CASH AND CARRY CROCERY,(It) Opposite the Court House.NEW RESTAURANT SHORT ORDERS AND SOFT DRINKS.I have opened a first-class restaurant and soft drink parlor next toWilmoth's grocery, where the bestof regular meals will be served at40 cents. Short orders, sandwiches,soups, soft drinks, etc., at all hours.My country and city friends are invited to call.(ll-2t) F. B. THOMAS, Piop.oSPECIAL REGISTRATIONVOTERS ON JULY 19.FORSpecial registration day for voters who did not register at the regular time will be July 19. Registration will be in the county clerk'soffice in the court house.The person registering must havelived in the State for one year, thecounty six months and his precinctsixty days.Registrants will be issued certificates entitling them to vote in theState primary August 2.The special registration July 19 isfor those persons entitled to vote whowere absent from the city, who wereill, who have just attained their majority, or who have moved into thecity since the regular registrationday.oPEACE TO THEIR MEMORYThe following words are soon tobe obsolete: Piflicated, hopped, pic-keld, stewed, pie-eyed, plastered,jingled, soushed, soused, paralyzed,half-shot, loaded, pizen, hopps,schnapps, squirrel whisky, shooter,booze, snifter, growler, schooner,sfile, suds, nightcap, eye-opener,bracer, scuttle of suds, joy water,redeye, rotgut, chaser, hooker, Jersey lightning, O be joyful, fierwater,suds hound, bar fly, rumhound, soak,rummy, tank, booze artist sot, bum,thirst parlor, water wagon, boozorium. Steer Taken Up.A red steer, weighing about 700 or800 pounds, has strayed to my place(the Hinton Farm) on the NorthMiddletown pike. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying charges.(ll-6t) R. L. WILSON.Ponies Wanted!I will be in Paris on the market onSaturday, July 19, 1919.to purchase ponies from 45 inches to55 inches, gentle for children. Ifyou have good stock for sale, see mein Paris on that date.FRANK PETERS,(11-15-18) Springfield, Ky.THE FAIRSpecial Sale AluminumWare, Saturday OnlyA' sale of high-grade AluminumWare, at less than present cost orEnamel Ware. eSale opens Saturday morning at 9o'clock.In spite of the greats scarcity ofAluminum Ware, and its risingprice, we offer this unusual assortment of Aluminum cooking utensilsat the wonderfully low special SalePrice of $1.39 each, for regular $1.75to ?3.00 values.Sold Only Saturday, While TheyLast!Be sure and see the display in ourstreet windows.SALE CONDITIONS No telephoneorders accepted; No exchanges aftersold.Limit of one piece to each cus-timer.THE FAIR1t IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.How often have we heard thattime-honored expression quoted, andhow very true it is? It has beenproven to the satisfaction cf the editor of THE NEWS. He advertisedm THE NEWS recently the loss of apocket-knife that had been a closecompanion for many years. A brother,editor, reading the advertisement,found the knife on,his desk whereTHE NEWS man had left it sometime before. He is now more thenever a firm believer in the efficacyof judicious advertising, and especially in the value of THE NEWS asan advertising medium.. A lady residing on Pleasant streetdesired to sell a nice baby buggy.She had a small ad inserted in THENEWS, and before the sun had set onthe following day the buggy had beensold to a purchaser who read the adin THE NEWS. She is convinced thatit pays to advertise.A Walker avenue housekeeper losta handsome broch, an heirloom, andadvertised the loss through the columns of THE NEWS. It brought reruns ana tne brooch the next Jday. Nearly everyone reads THE,NEWS. ;A Maysville man touring throughParis lost a wallet containing a sumof money, and some valuable papers.A Paris man was on his way to workearly one morning recently found thebook, with its contents intact, lyingin the gutter where it had beenswept in a pile of refuse by thestreet cleaning department. He advertised it in THE NEWS and theowner found it. But we could go on,like the brook, forever, but spaceforbids. Advertise in THE NEWSand get results.IMPORTANT NOTICE!Consideration of the contemplatedextensions and improvements in ourservice, which we have in (mind hasresulted in a slight delay in gettingout our July bills.In order that we may be enabledto carry through these plans with allpossible dispatch it is necessary thatour customers for their part givepropmt attention to the payment oftheir accounts, which will be rendered within a few days. 4We wish particularly to call attention to delinquent accounts,which we hardly feel justified incarrying further.It is our firm belief that with theco-operation of the public we can develop a service which will be a decided improvement even over thatwhich we have heretofore been ableto furnish.PARIS WATER COMPANY,Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.oREMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.' A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.I- -rN'-I -THE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseJFKRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS.BvBBBBBAXltBaHBBBBBMv' s. ft j i HBBllBI BBBf I r -j""ctEBBB1bw7 s l vC SBlBI 'FUTURISTWoman's Modern UndergarmentCOMFORT, freedom, reposeall -that a man finds in his "athletic" underiwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarment-lSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileBeautify yourwith. isLmm ir -mm)l Jrtl tfimfel &fry "&i- j!W L.Take a look at your old papers on the Wali andthen come In and look at our new, up-to-date wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs"lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms.Be sanitary and beautify your home for yourfamily's sake. And you may have visitors.v Buy your Wall paper and things from us andknow it is right.T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid. Coach UndertakingDeliveryHomdKourNewStylishWallPapers.f .AK-iSIXTH AND MAINfclfA SLv'&;rK-'1 ., v-4 51;'SAGE SIXTHE' BOUEBOH HEWSj PAEISKEHTJICKY "vs?t..srTSIT'S NOT YOUR HEARTIT'S YOUR KIDNEYSAPBENCH CHILDAMERICA.THANKSKidney disease if no respecter of persons. A majority of the ills afflictingpeople today can be traced back tokidney trouble.Tno kidneys Are the most importantrgans of the body. They are theilterers, the purifiers, of your blood.Kidney disease Is usually indicated by'weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,ttaspendency, backache, stomach troulfle,' pain in loins and lower abdomen,call stones, gravel, rheumatism, sciaticaaid lumbago.,. All these derangements are nature'ssignals to -warn you that the kidneysseed help. You should use GOLDlOBDAIi Haarlem Oil Capsules immediately.- The soothing, healing oil stimulates the lcidneysv relieves inflammations and destroys the germs whichhave caused it. Do not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OlCapsules. In twenty-four hours youshould feel health and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil.After you, feel that you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each1! day, so as to keep infirst-class condition and waTd off thedanger of other attacks.Ask for the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money refunded if they do not help you.SERE'S THE GREATEST ARMYSTORY EVER TOLD!The following description, copiedfrom a letter found near a SouthernRailway station and apparentlywritten by a member of the Air Service at Scott Field, in Illinois, to hisfather, causes us to wonder if the imaginative author of Gulliver's Travels has come back to earth reincarnated in the form of a ybung American soldier:"I have been appointed mess sergeant of the Flying Detachment,Scott Field, and to show you what Ido I will give you a few examples ofour work and efficiency."1. The kitchen range is 500 feetwide and 3,000 feet long, takes 27experienced firemen to keep the heatat the necessary' temperature, 400cooks on duty all the time, 1,000mechanical stokers for kitchen police, and 1,000 assistant kitchen police who look after the stokers."2. Two hundred washing machines used for washing the potatoes,27 pile drivers used o smash them,14 steam shovels used to shovel eggshells away from the kitchen door.Twenty-two Liberty motors are usedin the coffee mills. Dirty dishes arehauled out to 11 furnaces, as all thedishes are paper and are burned aftereach meal. Hot cakes are mixed with19 concrete mixers, and 46 men with-bacon rinds attached to their feetcontinually skate over the large griddle to keep it greased. Soup is madein an artificial lake, keeping 34dump trucks busy hauling the necessary ingredients. Cooks use steelboats and are dressed in asbestosclothing, and every few minutes rowto the center of the soup -lake anddrop depth bombs to stir the soupproperly; 67 fire engines are used topump the soup on the tables. Breadis cut with 11 high-power band saws.A perforated endless conveyer beltis used to properly salt and pepperthe victuals; 20 large street sprinklers are used to place syrup on thecakes. Coffee is made in a 600-gal-lontank and pumped to the severaltables through pipes. Six-inch mainsare installed frojm 20 of the biggestdairies in the country for the supplying of milk. Radio telephones areused for the transmission of ordersto the'cooks by myself, the mess sergeant. I also use a motor .cycle intraveling round the dining hall andkitchen. All cooks wear gas masksat all times. Small trucks are usedto carry the silverware."Now, dear father, you can forman idea of just what I have to doand why I do not desire to quit thearmy.". oSUMMERCOMPLAINTRELIEVED.QUICKLY"About two years ago when suffering from a severe attack of summercomplaint, I took Chemberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy and it relieved me almost instantly," writ Mrs.Henry Jewett, Clark Mills, N. Y. Thisis an excellent remedy for colic anddiarrhoeaj and ' should be kept athand by every family.(july-adv). oReal Wealth.The wealth of a man is in the number of things" that he loves and blesses,and that he is loved and blessed by.CHAMBERLAINS COLIC ANDARRHOEA REMEDYDI-This medicinegood opinion, ifthose who use ithave any need of such a remedy'(july-adv)always wins thenot the praise ofTry it when, you2i-VWHITESHOEDRESSIIKEEPHUUR SHOES NEAT,THErEDALUOrCOKPOKAT10NCJ.m,II.I.M.T...-!. BMnBtua.a. ! :'Itllf"z"aHOT WATERAT THE TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.Heats the fresh water as it runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startsI Hill mi . me neater nor water llows until theAU OlVlJGkIL faucet Is closed. That stops expense.CAS WATER WATER Z$& S? pasYou owe it to your family and yourself to investigate this wonderful Automatic Water Heater. Let us show it to you.It was a grey-blue envelope withthe French postmark oiTe of manysuch which come to a group ofwarm-hearted American men andwomen who have constituted themselves godfathers and godmothers tothe little French children made fatherless by the war and this is themessage it h.eld, written laboriouslyby Felix Gaizdire to his "godmother"in America:"I read your letter again and againwhile watching my cows. Jeanned'Arc, who was only a shepherdgirl, once saved our fair France.Now it is our brothers the bravesoldiers of America who came tofight by the side of ours. Dear benefactor; I watoh my cattle. AlreadyI am brave, and in autumn I shall goto school again.""Already I am brave!" And onlya few brief months ago this littlelad was homeless, shuddering awayfrom the sight of carnage, crushedinto destitution by the merciless foesof his country. A little help, somecherishing words in a letter writtenby an Ajmerican woman, and thebruised life was healed again.There are thousands and thousands of such little childrenin France.Through the activities of an American organization, "The FatherlessChildren of France," many of theseperishing little folks, like FelixGaizdire, were "adopted" by warmhearted Americans between the autumn of 1917 and the signing of thearmistice an adoption which meantonly the writing of friendly lettersfrom time to time and the furnishingof ten cents a day to help in thechild's support at home in Francewith those of his own kin. Butthousands more of these childrenmust be granted a chance for life,jmust be saved for the future of theworld must have help given to themuntil they too can say: "Already Iam brave And in the autumn Ishall go to school again."A special campaign, with Mrs.Walter S. Brewster, of Chicago, aschairman, is being undertaken by"The Fatherless Children of France,"Room 635, 410 S. Michigan Avenue,Chicago, for the purpose of securinghelp for 60,000 more of these children, who should be "made brave"again, and whose names were on thewaiting list when the armistice wassigned. This organization co-operateswith a similar one in France,of which Marshal Joffre is head.The drive is on and it costs only10 cents to care for a child for a day;$3.00 for a month; or $36.50 to beccjme a godmother or godfather.Such godparent chooses her ownprotege boy or girl as she elects,from the lists at the organizationheadquarters, and is put in directcommunication- with the childthrough correspondence. The smallcontribution made supplements thetiny pension of 10 cents daily allowed each child by the FrenchGovernment, but it is sufficient tokeep body and soul together.o. SUMMING UP THE EVIDENCE.Many Paris People Have Been Called, As Witnesses.Week after week has been published the testimony of Paris people -people who have endured many formsof kidney, bladder or urinary disorders. These witnesses have usedDoan's Kidney Pills. All have giventheir enthusiastic approval. It's thesame everywhere. 50,000 Americanmen .nd women are publicly recommending Doan's always in the homepapers. Isn't it a wonderful, convincing jmass of proof? If you are asufferer your verdict must be "TryDoan's first."Here's one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,says: "Some years ago I found itnecessary to use a kidney remedy andas I had read about Doan's KidneyPills, I used them. They proved tobe satisfactory and permanently ridme of the- complaint. I have goodreason to recommend Doan's KidneyPills and advise their use to anyonetroubled with a weak and lame backor irregular passages of the kidneysecretions."' Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't"sijmply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (ady)USE PREVENTATIVES.(Thrift Magazine.)Loss of time, money an breathoften can be prevented by the useof some simple, inexpensive measure. At all times, especially duringdays of influenza, you .shouldnever allow yourself to remain in arun-down physical condition. If attacked by disease while your resistance low, you may pay for it witha long illness or possibly with lifeitself.Most people think a doctor's onlyuse is to be sent for in case of emergency, like a fireman, and be broughtrunning with his pillbox in hand justin the nick of time to cheat the undertaker. Many a first-class funeralcould have been prevented by a pilltaken at the right time. Go to a doctor once in a while. Let him thumpyour chest, see your tongue, countyour pulse and telephone your lungs.Neglect of health is a common formof thriftlessness.VJ&l-V.'-what the deucedoes that mean?It means that NEW thing in a cigarette, thatdoes for your smoke-hunger exactly what a drink, of cold water does for your thirst!To satisfy, a cigarette must do more thanplease the taste it must "touch the smoke-spot"Thafs what Chesterfields do. They let youknow you are smoking they SATISFY.And here's why Chesterfields have body.The finer, silkier leaves of TURKISH have beenproperly blended with several varieties of the bestDOMESTIC tobaccos, famous for their full-bcdiedflavor.SATISFY is something that no cigarette, exceptChesterfields, can give you regardless of price.Because no cigarette maker can copy theChesterfield blend., Say "Chesterfield" to your dealer.il A&.d Domestic tobaccos blended?'Professional Cards.DR.WM. KENNEY"Eye, Ear, Nose andJThroatBOOMS 403-404PIEST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING"VDaily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.INTEBUBBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVEFor Sale ByT. W. SP ICfzRSUMMEBCOMPLAINT INDREN.CHIL-There is not anything like so manydeaths from this disease now as hefore Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy came into such general use. When this remedy isgiven with, castor oil as directed andproper care is taken as to diet n isafe to .say that fully iiihety-nine outoi every nunarea cases recover MrW. G-. Camphell, of Butler, .Tenn 'says: "I .have used Chajmherlian'sColic and Diarrhoea Bemedy forsummer complaint in. children, it' isfar ahead of anything I have everused for this purpose.""Lexington ForParisA. M. 6.00xA. M.- 7:20A.,M. 8:50A. M, 10:20A. M. 11.50Paris Jor.Lexington.v,6:45-P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:20,9:10P. M. 11:00A. MA. M. 7A. M. gA. M. 9A. M. 11P. M. 12P. M., 2P.M 3P. M. 5P. M. 6P. M. 8P. M. 10(x) Daily except Sunday.15x15451545U45155015 ,05"TGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pltasant Stretts, Paris. Ky.Fvsg.'.,,.apgyqvM v va&SBistVi3Kt'alsABAaBABBftBBAaE1'ABourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street::'A::::p- "y&ggfs gJSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we are Sprepared to do work infe-rior to none, ,and solicit, ttyour patronage.KENCTJ.CKY, TKACTION AMD TERHDTAL COMPANYThe Bourbon LaundrjrParis, Kentucky:A:'A:iIIThe News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done Rightlli!o7 TmMmdfov W A?,3!-. -kCk, -.- "i" -tTxV SmV jacket that keeps Chester- 1 - '-Pb''MV field's M&nd freshness -;WMyWpK and flavor intact. ilss-i iMl,,N ,,VX- FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1919.THE BOigEBOH HEWS, PAj jmiTpCg?' - PAGX SXTXF "IftSEWWGLEYSThe Flavor Lasts!Alwaysthe bestbuy forthepriceOUK WABD IN THE PACIFIC.It is refreshing in these days whenGeorgia, Arizona, Alabama, Newexercise tie public mind to a largeextent to lear-n from the statementsof the Philippine Mission that 8,000,000 of the 10,000,000 population ofthe Islands live on their own farms,and that 91 per cent, of the housesand lands of the urban population isow&ed by the natives. At the sametime while the United States isshocked at the inventory of its ownwealth, it is jpleasant to learn thatthe Philippine government holdsabout 39,000,000 of the 40,000,000acres of timber lands in the Islands.The population of the Philippinesis more homogeneous than that ofthe United States. Seventy per cent,of the population above ,ten years ofage can read and write, which ispretty good when one considers thatthe percentage of illiterates in Louisiana is 29 per cent; 22 per cent inMississippi, and over 20 per cent inGeorgia, Arazona, Alabama, NewMexico and South Carolina. Thecomparison shows that there are conditions among our own States whichmake it imperative that there should3e educational awakening, lest someof s these localities might have thedamaging suspicion cast upon themasNwas the case in the Philippines"BEST MEDICINEFOR WOMEN"What Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound DidFor OhJb Woman.Portsmouth, Ohio." I suffered fromIrregularities, pains in my side and wasso weak at times 1could hardly getaround to $o mywork, and as I hadfour in my familyand three boardersit made it very hardfor me. Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundwas recommendedto me. I took itand it has restoredmy health. It iscertainlv the bestTnedicine for woman's ailments I eversaw." Mrs. Sara Shaw, R. No. 1,Portsmouth, Ohio.Mrs. Shaw proved the merit-of thismedicine and wrote this letter in orderthat other suffering women may findTelief as she did.Women who are suffering as she wasshould not drag along from day to, daywithout giving this famous root andherb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham'sVege--tableCompound, a trial. For specialdvice in regard to such ailments writeto Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. ,Lynn,Mass The result of its forty yearsexperience is at your service.fyKjl yMHBJviBF The greatest -H. r five-cents worth fHof beneficial IHeM Tiibt-Kept Riaht refreshment fBaaBSII LastsB? . ithat they were not capable of selfgovernment. The Philippines are very proud of,their colleges and schools, whichhave been in existence for hundredsof years, their University of SantoTomas being 25 years "older thanHarvard. Fifty years ago there were841 schools for boys and. 833 schoolsforgirls in the Islands. The presentGovernor-General Francis BurtonHarrison declares emphatically thatthe Filipinos "are entitled to be freefrom , every government except oftheir own choice."Since August 29, 1916, when thePhilippine Commission was abolished and an elective legislative bodywas chosen by the voters the progress has been "straight ahead."The actual atainments in the lastthree years prove beyond the shadowof argument that a" substantial government is already in existence. Justas all countries have been jmaking"sidewalks" of their streets androads, with the result that there are7,000 miles of as good macadamizedroads as there are in the world onthe Island.o -A WOKD FOR THE 'GATOR.(Charleston News and Courier.)The alligator is another good citizen whose usefulness is overlooked;for killing alligators has been fromtime immemorial a' popular pastime.In Louisiana it was found that, whenthe alligators were killed off, themuskrat multiplied and destroyed-thelevees; also the cotton-mouth moccasin; the garfish and the carp increased wonderfully. Whereupon protection was given to alligators. Thislacertilian, to-give him his correctfamily name, has probably kept themuskrat away from the South Carolina Coast, for -the muskrat is unknown cwl the coast. If allowed tomultiply the alligator will make inroads on the carp, the garfish andthe cotton-mouth, all undesirablemembers of our fauna. The sum total of the alligator's evil doingamounts to this: He catches a dognow and then; once in a while pullsa hog or bites the tail off a cow, forsundry stump-tailed cows along theAtlantic Coast Line right-of-wayhave met misfortune in this way.The cow, the dog and the "hog are outof place when the alligator . can getat them; but at best very little ofthis happens.He Understood. 'Mrs. Henpeck "She's' very pretty,but she hardly sqys n word. L can'tunderstand why so many men proposeto her." Mr.-Henpeck "I can." London Answers.But !tr Always There.Every man has embedded somewhere In his nature an instinct tododge. And In many cases it re-I mains dormant until -he .comes a tarpayer. '' )"'- : " v' "-TIME TO CUT OUT SOB-STUEPNow .that Germany has signed upand the President has broken awayfrom Paris; isn't it high time to cutouta good deal of this over-indulgenceof fear concerning unemployment, the high' cost of living, Bolshevism, I. -W. W.'s and other terrors that try to comouflage theirlawlessness and make this businessof reconstruction hum?There is no minimizing the worthof the achievements in our nationalaffairs, and those of the world; butthe human mind cannot foreverdwell upon the tragedies that costten million lives in battle, thirtymillion injured, and thousands madeblind or insane and others madepoor, and some made rich.How about to-morrow, as well asyesterday? Industrial facts areworthy of, and must be considered;There are practically no' businessfailures occurring in. the country;the bank clearings are running aboutseventeen per cent, over last year'shighest totals. Even if prices arehigh the cost of labor and the pricesof foodstuffs furnished a firm foundation for the condition. Cotton is nolonger in the dujmps, and it, likewool, is in active class. Steel slumped and suffered a real bump after thewar, but the human members of thatindustry, including the "men on thejob," ought to be able to take .protracted vacations for a time as the result of their era of prosperity. Therailroads are"lagging in making purchases of steel, and the DirectorGeneral is following the footpaths ofhis predecessor in having arrangedfor two-thirds of a billion dollarsfromJJncle Sam to take up the deficit, or slack of a year's operations,and to provide for essentials in betterments and replacements of theproperties. But someday this pnuddlesome muddle occasioned by Government operation will end; and itwill be a gala day for the Nationwhen private owners of railroads resume charge, and restore decrepitroadbeds and rolling stock, and getthe great steel highways back to normal condition. But while the railroads are down in low speed, the automobile business is on high, and thesteel men are finding a pretty goodoutput for their goods in that direction. Even house-building is on thegain, unemployment, is not half as serious as some agencies, would haveone. believe. . Our, conditions - contrasted with those that existedabroad, should produce optimism ofthe keenest kind. Raw (materialsand machinery are lacking in thewar zone, and millions of men areidle in consequence, while the discontent that rages is causing furtherindustrial stagnation because workmen are demanding new systems inindustry, that will furnish them a little taste of the democracy that theyhave been dying for.Ye Gods, we are a lucky race, andour debts and debtors can easily beforgiven, for the United States isricher than it was before the war;its manhood and womanhood havebeen rejuvenated through the shortseason of struggles that they haveendured. There are no longer British syndicates owning our flourmills or German syndicates owningour breweries, or British and German syndicates financing our railroads as in the olden days. UncleSajm is now the chief banker of theworld; and all civilized nations taketheir hats off to us.It is time to feel a little cocky overour position in the affairs of theuniverse. Incidentally every community that whoops it up in givingtheir returning soldiers a big welcome, and then goes on the way, battling for the peaceful conquests ofthe future and forgetting the sobstuff, will make progress towards therealization of a world free for Democracy's sake.oIt's tht Truth That Hurts.An Item Is going the rounds of theCanadian press to the effect that aNew York state paper is being suedbecause a comp made an obituary conclude, "May he roast in peace!"-Fourth Estate.Optimistic Thought.Social intercourse is the teacher Qfall things to mortals, i"FAKE" ASPIRIN;WAS TALCUMTKefefore Insist Upon Gen' yine "Bayer Tabletsof Aspirin"JMillions of fraudulent AspirinTablets 'were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith" the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions and- dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. , (adv-tf-F)p&YllAV -s.. .-?llwmmmmmmKmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmHmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmammmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmKmmtm R jII V - II SYII -Mn - -II T ' B : .-- 9fI p - In ri HIII i " IIr-1 - ' : Hiii inRUGGLESi , 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. nlill ' nlHI i HI xIIIIII ( HIs 0III ' iniii mIII ' IIIIll - IIIIII - IIIhi - hiBRIGHTEREVJ5NIN0SNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.VOectrcityTor Cigbiingrt's the only satisfactory ITway.use Setsfor dealing and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inconxuated)HOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketCAHAL BROS.BAHBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention tos Patrons. v-t- V. 'rH0T AND COLD BATHS&&?miitf ' '-the MccormickImproved?ifv-S.i..ss ? 'Zs 'Swill lllllll ft ' I f 34AP2aB&?iriva!sd hiU-tzr,Jteiit&rzrs-?i:rtnMW&Y$rMTw K vtmt 4 f ITT" TwFffMni nFfrTllffi &$Save Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyby using the Improved McCormick Mower. . It doe's thework and does it right. McCormick users have notrouble or worry.C. S. BallFourth and Pleasant Streets,The Home Telephone Your Servauif : lFor Only a Few Cents Per DayI -Iiet us analyze hia qualiflcations: He is polite. Intelligent, willlnrr "always on duty, day or night. "He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or wt.oiVthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in emtrWj. , '.He will go far beyond the confines of the town ahdTring to you iiamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your gribdJTjrbi " ?pective customers. . .He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket In ,a fewseconds.And as tn "wa.ErAa. "he -will nnlvday;-in place of business froui 10 to 12c per. day. ' - ' - ,Paris Home Telephone Telettrabhl Jt Company(Incorp orated)J.J. Veatch, District Wager. ; W.HCania,,IcaIllama :- - .' '. -V -- ' " ' ' ')$- ' 'MowersPCB I lb m, Bj' -:nncsf vnti msMa.... ..m 6 -' '-TJ-N-.-d vPAGE EIGHTTHE BOUEBON HEWS, PARIS, IEJCTTJCXYFRIDAY, JULY 11, 1J1S.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc;rWar Tax 2c-30cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-1 0eTO-DAY, FRIDAYAlamo Afternoon and EveningTO-MORROW, SATURDAYAlamo Arternoon and EveningMONDAY, JULY 14thThe Alamo and Grand"hrJESSE L. LASKY PRESENTS"The Woman Thou Gavest Me"A Paramount-Artcraf t SpecialShe loathed her husband! She loathed him because he was bad"because his "double standard" of morality made his marriage vow afarce.Yet she was his "wife" sold to him by a vengeful father boundto him by law until death should end her woes.Then love, forbidden, come to her wedded her in her heart to anlionest man, her mate. And the world a-nd the law cried "wanton!" andoovered her with shame.Based on Hall Caine's famous novel, directed by Hugh Ford, andplayed by an all-star cast, including Katherine MacDonald, ThoedoreHoberts, Milton Sills, Jack Holt and Fritzi Brunette. A picture for every-woman with a heart to love every man who respects a woman Come!Ruth Roland "The Tiger's Trail"SAMUEL GOLDWIN PRESENTSTOM MOOREIN"One of the Pinest"He springs at 'em, not from 'em! That's Tom Moore in "One of theFinest." He's a traffic cop, with blue coat, brass buttons 'n everything,It's a Goldwyn Picture!Also Pox Sunshine Comedy"The Son-of-a-Gun"Victor MooreIN"Chimmie Faddcn"He was just an East Side tough boy and when they dressed him upin "biled front hammertails'f he didn't know what was holding him.But there was a girl and Come to see it. It's good!Also Burton Holmes Travel PictureUS THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.3l telegram was received here byMrs. Olive Taul Terwilleger, from2ier husband, Capt. C. B. Terwilliger,announcing his arrival at New Yorkfrom overseas. Capt Terwilliger wasstationed for eleven months at BaseHospital No. 69, located at Sabenay,France. His message stated that heyfovld arrive in Paris in a few days.Mr. F. S. Elder, of Paris, has received a message informing him ofthe arrival at an Eastern port of hisson, Thos. Elder, who has been inthe service overseas for severalmonths. Young Elder was in the engineering branch of the service forTJncIe Sam. Before enlisting he wasin the employ of the Louisville &Nashville railroad at this point.INTERESTING OIL NOTES.Private George L. (Tommie)Prakes, who arrived from overseassome time ago, has received his hon01 . le discharge from the service,gr ing his papers at Camp Zachary.Taylor last week. Private Frakes isa guest of friends and relatives intibis city. He was a member of Co.P., Twenty-second Engineers Battaliom overseas, in which a number ofother Paris boys were his comrades.He likes the army so well that he hasre-enlisted, and will report in August at headquarters for assignmentto duty.0BEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE1 SUMMER NECESSITIES ATI . BIG REDUCTION,All our summer goods at specialprices. We can. save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.By piutual agreement the oil exchanges in Paris, Mt. Sterling andWinchester will discontinue ope-ncall sessions during July and August.They will resume the sessions againin September.The Co-operating Land & Development Company, of Lexington andParis, is moving a rig to BowlingGreen, where the company is planning to start a drilling campaign inthe Western Kentucky fields.t DEATHS.WIGGINS.The infant child of Mr. and Mrs.William Wiggins, who was badlyburned at the home of its parents,near Millersburg, several days ago,died Monday and was buried in theMillersburg Cemetery, Tuesday.The Great Northern Pipe LineCompany is pushing with all possibledispatch the building of the ten-carspur, loading racks at the mouth ofHell Creek, in Lee county, and willsoon be prepared to handle the increasing output from that territory.Mr. Wm. R. Blakemore and Mr.Charles P. Mann, president and salesmanager, respectively, of the LeeKent Oil Co., are in Beattyvillemaking aL Inspection of the company's holdings and attending tosome business matters for their company.At a recent meeting of the stockholders of the Bourbon Oil & Development Co., the following Board ofDirectors was elected:Wm. T. Soper, Carlisle; E. R.Sampson, Ewing; Josiah Coons, Lexington; M. A. Pruitt, Millersburg;0. L. Bartlett, Maysville; S. H.Booth, Little Rock; W. H. Thurmond and golon Eastland, Danville;1. E. Payne, Eubanks; C. L. Bell, J.L. Soper, Ellis Garrison, T. J. Floraand Jas. H. Moreland, Paris. TheBoard elected as Executive Committee T. J. Flora and J. L. Soper.The following officers were elected:President C. L. Bell; vice-presidentW. T. Soper; secretary-treasurerE. R. Sampson; assistant secretarytreasurer Mrs. Jas. H. Moreland.PUCKETT.Elva Ann, aged one year andthree months, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Ambrose Puckett, who resideson the Winchester pike, near Paris,died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, about noon Wednesday, after a short illness.The funeral was held in the ParisCemetery yesterday morning at teno'clock, with services conducted atthe grave by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.BIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Bohon, ofDecatur, 111., are receiving congratulations upon the arrival of adaughter, who was born July 8, inDecatur. Mrs. Bohon was before hermarriage Miss Catherine Thomson,daughter of Prof, and Mrs. M. G.Thomson, who conducted the Bourbon College in this city. The littledaughter has been named Ida Louise,in honor of Mrs. Thomson.B-4 FIRE -InsurewithW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoMASON COUNTY FIRE VICTIM ININ. CRITICAL O0NDITI0NRELIGIOUS.The Mission Band of the Christian church will meet on the lawnTack of, the church Sunday afternoon, 2X 2:30 o'clock, weather permitting. Mrs. McClanahan will bepresent.--Oir account of the Chautauquawiich is occupying the Opera House,there .will probably be no union services of "the Paris chuches Sunday3dght although this has not yetjb&en definitely decided.The work of redecorating the interior Of the Paris Christian churchis progressing rapidly. The contractors say they hope to have it finished in. time for the congregation to resume worship in the .building aboutthe first of August.The- Endeavor Society of theChristian church will hold its meeting Sunday night on the lawn in therear of the church, the weather permitting. The subject will be, "OurDenpminational History and Principles." Come and see who the leaderwill be.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. Morningservice.Sunday, 2:30 p'. m. MissionBaud.Sunday, 7:00 p. m. Christian En-deavor Society.Sunday, 8:00 p.vice.m. Union ser-vFONT SWAP THREE-CENTSTAMPS.According to an announcementmade recently by Postmaster J. Walter Payne postal cards that sold attwo cents each and envelopes thatsold at three cents each previous toJtilr 1 will be taken in exchange forone-cent postal cards and two-centstamped envelopes. Three-centstamps will not be taken in exchangeforVstamps of other denominations.Parties holding three-cent stamped envelopes and two-cent postalcards must present them at the localoffice during the month of July ifthey wish to have them redeemed.Postmaster Payne stated yesterdaythat there had been a rush, duringthe first days of the month by parties-who desired to have their cards andenvelopes exchanged, but that a greatdeal of trouble had been occasionedyfhexL it came to the matter of demanding a exchange of three-centstamps, as the postal regulations willHot permit of that being done. The, -DUTChasing public is asked to rememher this and act accordingly.SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods, and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods the big reductions during July.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oJOYS OF CAMP DANIEL BOONE TOBE SHARED BY THE GIRLSThe joys of Camp Daniel Booneare not alone for the boys. Forthree weeks the bathing beach, diving stand, row boats and tenniscourts will be occupied by girlsThe days will be packed full of goodtimes from the time the sun firstpeeps into the tents in the morninguntil late in the evening. And thefun will be safe fun made so byscinetific tests of the water, carefulleaders, adequate protection on theriver medical attention if necessary,and most of all the co-operation ofthe girls themselves. Classes inBible study, nature study, healthtalks, etc., will make the fun-filleddays ' profitable ones as well. Expenses will be very reasonable.From July 29 to August 4, theWiii imdpr the direction ofthe-South Central Field Committee ofthe Y W. C. A. All High School girlsKentucky and Tennessee are invited.From August 9 to August 23, theLexington Y. W. C. A. invites allgirls over sixteen years of age tospend their vacation at the camp.Applications should be made atonce Further information and application hlanks may be secured fromMiss Helen Hutchchraf t, both phones33.0TEACHERS OP BOURBON COUNTYSCHOOLS ELECTED BYTRUSTEESThe following teachers, recentlyelected at a meeting of the Board ofTrustees held at the office of CountySuperintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, in the court house, will havecharge of the county schools for theensuing term:Clintonville Mrs. Frank Bedford;Bethlehem Miss Mary DeBell; Dudley Miss Elizabeth Donnell; Hutchison Miss Jennie Link; MontereyMiss Julia Calnan; Deaver MissBess Sweeney; Cane Ridge MissMary Ross.The rural schools of the countyhave not yet named their teachersfor thecoming school year. Thesewill be selected at a later meeting ofthe Board of Education.Mrs. Peter Stamm, of near Petersville, Lewis county, whose childrenwere burned to death in a fire whichdestroyed their home, is in a verycritical condition with her backbroken and with her face, arms andhands horribly burned. Physicianssay she cannot recover. Her husband,who jumped from the second storyof the burning residence, is improving, and physicians say he will probably recover.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanI MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Lewis, in Lexington, to Mr.Plaise B. Sams, Jr., 21, a Fayettet county farmer, and Miss GertrudeJ Bramel, of Bourbon county.SHUMATE ROBINSON.Miss Pearl Shumate; agedtwenty-two, daughter of Mr. HenryShumate, Route 5, Paris, and Mr. J.F. Robinson, twenty-two, son of J. B.Robinson, of Wilmore, were marriedin Cynthiana, Tuesday. They willmake their home in Wilmore.BEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.Ei M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oORDINANCES BEING VIOLATEDAmong numerous other ordinanceson the city's books is one prescribinga certain penalty for tacking cardsor advertising matter on the telegraph, telephone and fire alarmpoles in the city. Yet this is beingdone every day. The poles are atpresent being used for the purposesto which billboards and deadwallsare usually devoted. But, as betweenfriends, there seems to be no way tostoy the practice. Perhaps if thecity and- companies would have thepoles neatly painted it would 2iave atendency to make the violators of theordinance ashamed to deface thepoles in the way that is being done) now.JOHN FOX, JR. AN ARPRECIATION. (Louisville Times.)"Kentucky has lost the man whomight have been her chief historian.So far, at least, he had been the leader of that school of novelists Whosought to interpret the beauties andthe mysteries of the Blue Ridge section of the Commonwealth abounding in material for the story-teller,as it abounds in potentialities of material wealth and resources of human value. John Fox loved hismountains and their quaint people;and the mountains rewarded himwith the richness of a life that heloved, w-hile the mountain people-bestowedupon him in their turn thatconfidence and trust that a primevalpeople alone can feel and are so slowto express."But though John Fox is gonefrom among us, his work, like allother good work, lives after him; andwhat he taught the world of theKentucky mountains never can beforgotten. His work has grown toa great fruition to the advantage ofthe simple ones he loved; and it isnow known that the mountains canfurnish more than feuds and assassinations, hatreds and prejudice.Not alone the world of letters mournsthis man's death lie was far morethan a oovelist'; he was a great hu-mantarian."AT THE MOVIE SHOWSOwing to the fact that the GrandOpera House is being used by theChautauqua this week, all picturesare being shown at The Alamo. Theprogram will be resumed at TheGrand next Monday.At The Alamo Theatre To-day,Friday, July 11 Paramount-Art-craftSpecial, "The Woman ThouGavest Me;" Ruth Roland, in "TheTiger's Trail." 'At The Aalamo Theatre To-morrow,Saturday, July 12 Tom Moore,in "One of The Finest;" Fox Sunshine Comedy, "The Son Of a Gun."At the Paris Grand and The Alamo Monday, July 14 VictorMoore, in "Chimmie Fadden;" Burton Holmes Travelogue Pictures.0HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf) ,COMFORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, HOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO., -(27-tf)Opp. Court House.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, Hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.HAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClurt & Donaldson.june24-tf)s3i(NaWiTHAtr- . atv" S VV- - 4', SYOUR LOOKSwon't be marred by the glasses wefit. We take into consideration thecontour of your face and. the shaping of your nose, as well as givingthe most scrupulous attention toYOUR EYESWe have every improvement andfacility for the most careful examination and can relieve and correctyour defective eyesight. Call to-day.(21mar-tf-F)DR. 0. L. FRYE,Eyesight Specialist,Para. Ky.Reap Your Harvest NowWe offer the most marvelous values of the season! All thenew styles the latest creations in footwear, combiningStyle, Quality and Workmanshipat prices only our system of merchandising can offerGet Your Share of These Wonderful Bargains.The Savings Are Big,SPECIALLadies' White Canvas PumpsLouis Covered Heel, $3.00 values$1-99jBBMlfcgia-- i ' ' i n ii i"" "" "WALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsof All DescriptionsAt Bargain Prices!00 &-$Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas djo qqPumps, Col.,orplain Louis heel PLadies' Dark Tan English Ox- qo A Qfords at tyO.tVLadies' Dull Kid English &r qqOxfords" at p.iJ7Ladies' Patent Kid Pumps djo qMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords, de flflbench made, at pO "UMen's White Canvas Oxfords, fco yQWalk-Overs, at pOK7Men's Gun Metal English Oxfords, tfQ CAWalk-Over, at $O.OUMen's and Boys' Black Shoes and djo qqOxfords, welts, at pAMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreV'V,A3JVi"t" " . i;v--":".Ltf,.S"-ill -h-ll-rljl ..4,