-VA 34,is. J ,v 'ftTHENEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AN? FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 22, 1919BOURBONAMERICAN SAILORS ATTACKEDAND ROBBED BY MEXICANS.The most serious of the recentgrowing list of attacks on Americansin Mexico came to light Saturday.A hoat load of American sailorsfrom the U. S. S. Cheyenne was heldup in the Temesi River on July 6,within nine miles of the city of Tampico and the sailors were robhed.The American flag was flyingfrom the hoat at the time.Closely resembling the attacks onAmerican sailors which led to the occupation of Vera Cruz in 1914, thecstatp Department did not hesitate toregard it as a most grave affair, andimmediately dispatched urgent representations to the Carranza government and the local authorities atTampico.Although the sailors were fishing,they were on official duty bringing infood for their ship and the Americanflag flying from the boat denoted thatit was on official business.WASHINGTON, July 21. The Pacific fleet is being rushed to Mexican waters following the report thatAmerican seamen from the UnitedStates ship Cheyenne were held upand robbed by Mexicans.The fleet, under command of Admiral Hugh Rodman, Kentuckian,has been officially ordered to the Pacific coast, but it is stated on goodauthority here that the 200 vesselscomprising the flotilla will castanchor in several Mexican ports anddemand to know "why."The fleet of warships which leftHampton Roads were joined Sundayby scores of destroyers and othercraft and by the time Mexican weters are reached will number morethan 200 vessels.In spite of the expected "stop offin Mexican waters, the fleet is scheduled to arrive at the Panama Canal,July 25, at San Diego, Cal., August7 and at San Francisco, August 17.'Tension in the relations betweenthe United States and Mexico hasbeen increased by the Administration's determination to demandprompt satisfaction from the MexicanGovernment for the robbery of American seamen on board the launch ofthe United States steamship Cheyenne, coupled with President Wilson's intention to press an inquiryinto the Carroll murder case.o attempt is made by Washingtcmofficials to disguise the fact that"Washington Tegards the situation asserious.tINTERESTING OH, NOTEStl;PLENTY OP SUGAR SOON, GUARANTEED BY GOVERNMENTWhile retail dealers throughoutthe country are advising consumers, , "T ITt. -r i i m tb-ey have difficulty in. obtaining nor-The army's strength on July 14 ml atnftVB nf B " JL-ww wj. uu&, iuc guvciuurcubcu-ne 785 nnn. nf whom 282.00ft were Iin the A. E. F. and 91,000 at sea enroute to the United States. Up todate discharges had reached the totalof 2,946,804, and the number sailingfrom Europe since November 11 was1,717,168.Chester Strother, who has been aguest of his father, Mr. I. W. Strother, in this city, has returned to hispost at Commonwealth Pier, at Boston, Mass. He left the port on oneof the ships composing the big fleetthat has been sent on a cruise in thePacific,That Kentucky is rapidly gainingits deserving rank among the oilproducing States in the Union, is indicated in news that powerful Chicago financial interests, backed bythe Continental and Commercial National Bank crowd, are acquiringhas forecast a domestic crop far abovethe average for the last six years.The Department of Agriculture, inan estimate based on July 1 cropconditions, predicts a crop of 2,216,000,000 pounds. Such productionwould be 147,000,000 pounds morethan the average of the precedingsix years.Michigan, Colorado and Utah showbig increases in beet sugar prospects. Forecasts show Michigan'scrop as 1,159,000 tons, an increaseof 257,000 tons; Colorado's 2,024,000 tons, increase 580,00, and Utah's1,208,000 tons, increase 205,000tons.Locally, the sugar situation remains about the same, with a scarcity of the sweet stuff distressinglyapparent. All kinds of cute dodgeshave been restored to by housekeepers in an effort to obtain an amplesupply of sugar. In some instancesWORK ON NEW DAM PROGRESSING SLOWLY.DEMAND POR BLUEGRASS SEEDHEADER THAN USUALThree oil tanks of the SouthernPetroleum Company, in the BigSinking district in Lee county, weredestroyed by fire when they werestruck by lightning in an electricalstorm Saturday afternoon, according to reports reaching Lexington.Two of the tanks destroyed had capacities of 1,200 gallons, while asmaller one contained 250 barrels.One of the larger tanks was not full,reports say. Total damages willamount to approximately $3,000.enticfanHjii lntftTP.st.R in companiesoperating in Warren and Lee coun- J dealers have refused to sell over a, . i i;ci ictui -uumuci ui yuuiiuo iu any unaperson, a,iiu in an euurt 10 geuaround that parties have been knownto send as many as a half-dozen messengers to the grocer for a supply ofsugar. At one place on upper Mainstreet Saturday night THE NEWSman saw a bunch of customers gathered around a sugar barrel, the .contents of which were rapidly exhausted, as the precious sacharine matterwas weighed out and delivered tothe waiting customers. Anotherbarrel was rolled into place, andwent the same way.Large shipments of sugar are onthe way to local dealers, and withthe blackberry season out of theway there will soon be an abundanceof sugar for all purposes.: O- :The pipe line runs for the weekending July 12 reported by the Cumberland Pipe Line Company shows anincrease of 4,905.64 barrels over thereport of the previous week. Duringthe week ending July 12 a total of120,934.37 barrels was carriedthrough the Cumberland lines. Thereport indicates that only 116,028.23barrels were carried the week before.As" has been the case with previousrecords, the Big Sinking section remains in the lead, producing approximately 63,000 barrels of the totaloutput of the week.-o-A VOTE FOR BOSWORTH WILLMEAN MUCH TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTYVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his intimatefriends are workers at the polls at allregular elections. The party needsthese kind of men for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3t)TAXPAYERS CANNOT REFER TOPORMER PIGURES AFTERAUGUST 4.Bourbon county taxpayers whohave failed to give in their tax assessments for 1920 are warned thatafter August 4, two weeks from yesterday, they will be inconveniencedby the fact that they cannot refer1, Ami vac orirPTI 1TI nrP.VlOUS VCarS.After complaints are heard on the i BEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE.raises in valuation in the 1919 assessment the books will be in possession of the County Clerk, who willmake out a recapitulation for theState Tax Commission, which willpass on the increases made.Most people like to refer to thefigures they gave in the year previous, and they will have the opportunity if they make their assessmentswithin the next two weeks. Afterthe books are in the hands of theCounty Clerk they will not have achance to see their previous figures.. oWAIST SEAM SUITS JUST IN.A new shipment of this popularstyle at prices that will surprise you$35 to ?50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oBEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG RiyUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch, furniture, oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oMSS WAGERS ON AN INSPECTIONTOUR.Owing to the fact that the supplyof material for the constructionwork has not yet arrived, nothingof a substantial nature is being donetoward erecting the new dam at theParis Milling Co.'s plant in this city.The big concrete mixer has beenplaced in position, and other necessary preparations are being made forrushing" the work just as soon as thematerial arrives on the spot.The water is being rapidly pumped for the big pool at the foot of thebid dam, which for generations hasserved as a bathing and fishing spotfor Paris people. A large double-actionpump has been placed in actionon the old dam, and is pumping afour-inch stream of water from thejpool, which is being diverted throughithe mill race of the Milling Co. Hundreds of people have visited the spot,and all day Sunday the big platformIrom where the mixed concrete andother material will be sent down tothe workmen has been thronged withpeople watching the progress of thepumping. Game Warden Doug Thomasand assistants seined the pool lateSaturday night, and placed a largenumber of fish, both large and small,in the waters of the creek above theold dam.There will be no larger supply ofwater available until the dam is completed. As soon as this work is done,the sluice gate at Spears Mill dam.seven miles above Paris, on the waters of Stoner Creek, will be opened,and a sufficient supply of water willbe let down.Older residents of Paris recall thetime when the old mill pool, whichwas then very deep and very large,was pumped out in order to makeneeded repairs to the dam above it.The work was done in a very shortwhile. In searching the bed of thejool boys found a hunting case gold.watch which had been in the watersno telling how long. It was takento one of the local jewelers, who, after careful inspection, pronounced itin first-class shape, and had it ingood running order in a short while.Old coins and other valuable articles,lost in the pool by fishermen, werealso found. An old revolver of theCivil War kind, cap-and-ball,- wasfound by one boy.It is admitted that the demand forblue grass seed will be greater thanusual this season, on account of thefact that the large amount of landcultivated for war purposes duringthe past few years is now availablefor grass seed. The export demand,which has been practically nothingsince the beginning of the war, willopen up, and all of this, on top oftwo or three light crops in succession, will tend to put blue grass seedin a strong position.The Kentucky market is regulatedin a large measure by the size of theMissouri crop, and while the cropthere has been estimated by dealersto total 600,000 bushels, a letter received by a local farmer irom a reliable and experienced blue grassseed man at Kansas City, declaredthat the crop amounts to only 250,000 bushels, and that this had beenbought up close by the dealers at51.60 to $2.00 per bushel.The Kentucky farmers should receive high prices for their 1919crop. All kinds of seeds are high inthis State, and a prominent farmerstated the other day that the farmerwill make a mistake to turn loosehis grass seed at anything less thanits real value under present conditions. oRELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDSIMMS OFFERS $25,000 FOR THEASHLAND YEARLINGS.Thomas C. McDowell has declinedan offer of $25,000 from Edward F-Simms for his crop of yearlings,twelve in number, of which niner arefillies and three colts.The offer was made recently during a visit to Ashland by the Texasand Kentucky sportsman, who examined critically the colts and fillies byThe Manager, Uncle, Ballot, and oneor two other sires.The yearlings include a sister toEddie Rickenbacher, winner of morethan $6,000 this season, and of St.Augustine, which won a mile at La-tonia and covered the distance in1:36 4-5.Other fillies are a brown by DickFinnell Affable, a brown by JimGaffney Star Jasmine, a chestnutby Ballot Star Cat, a bay by Uncle 'King's Daughter. Among thecolts are a chestnut by Peter QuinceBelle of Ashland, a chestnut by;The Manager Waterblossom, and a.chestnut by The Manager LucyLockett.WHEAT.Off grade and good wheatWalR!B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)"THIEVES VISIT GROCERY; SECURE $270 IN CASHAs a result of the visit of thieves tohis grocery on Winchester street, mthis city, Mr. Tilford Burneu ib outSUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)oTHE K. OF P. MINSTRELS.Rehearsals for the coming minstrel performance to be given hereunder the auspices of the local lodgeKnights of Pythias, have been pro-COMEORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, NOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price ata: f. wheeler & co.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.Kitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)oCARRANZA'S TROOPS THREATING AMERICAN BORDERGET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM REACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, $8to $12.Straw Hats, ?1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)BAPTIST "$75,000,000 CAMPAIGH"TO BE LAUNCHED TO-NIGHTRepresentative Baptist leaders ofKentucky, consisting of preachers,laymen and Women's Missionary Urion workers, will meet to-night(Tuesday) at 6 o'clock in BroadwayBaptist church at Louisville, and.formally launch the "Baptist $75t000,000 campaign," a movementamong Baptists in the South and theproposed program for the Southern,Baptist Convention.The Rev. C. W. Elsey, chairmanof the State Board, and pastor of theCarranza troops are threateningthe American border, it was revealed in Congress when Senators andthe Governor of Texas protested de-jmobilization of the air service. Sev-1 First Baptist church, Cynthiana, willeral "times in the last few months preside. Several from Paris will at-American soldiers have crossed the f tend.border and killed Mexican Federaltroops, Senator JFall 'saidiV PresidentWilson and Acting Secretary of StatePolk held a long conference and itis believed that the crisis has beenKentucky Baptists expect to raise'$6,500,000 of the proposed $75,000,-'000.' Wednesday morning at nineo'clock all workers will assemble forconferences and details. Prof- Johnj reached in the Mexican situation and , L. Hill, State organizer and directorthat the Government will take im-! will preside over the men's confermediate 'steps to end the destruction ence, and Mrs. Janie Cree Bose, genof American property and lives by eral W. M. U. organizer, will presidean armed invasion of Mexico. over the women's meeting.the sum o'f 5270 in cash, which had j gressing nicely. The outlook for anbeen left overnight in his safe. Thethief or thieves effected an entrancethrough a rear window. They looknothing but the money, passing upthe merchandise and a bunch ofchecks which Mr. Burnett had cashed for railroad men. These latterthe thief evidently did not care torisk attempting to negotiate.It was presumed that the combination of the safe had been left openon the day lock, and that the thief,being aware of this fact, made thebest of the knowledge. The robberywas reported to police headquarters,and it is hoped the arrest of thethief and the recovery of the moneymay soon follow.. oFOEEIGN LANGUAGE BANNED INODD PELLOWS LODGE.Beginning July 1, every subordinate lodge of Odd Fellows which hasheretofore used a ritual translatedinto foreign language will be required fn An the secret work in the English language according to a ruling I told of the events that had piayeaexcellent performance is very promising, and the promotors promise theshow will be "a hummer."Due to certain conditions thathave arisen the date for the performance has not been definitely decidedupon, but it is said it will likely begiven about August 7. The datewill be announced through the columns of the local press.There will be no more rehearsalsuntil the night of July 29, at the Y.M. C. A. It will then take but ashort time to put on the finishingtouches, and get everything "set"for the big night. The show will beput on by two experienced minstrelmen, Gov. Bowen and Prof. A. H.Morehead.oTELLS STORY OF HIS LIFEA large audience assembled inthe court house Thursday night tohear Rev. Curtis Jett, tell the storyof his life. In a simple, straightforward, but convincing way, heMiss Minnie B. Wagers, AssistantState Labor Inspector, was in Parissome time ago, inspecting the stores,business houses and taking a peekinto the condition of working peopleof the city. It was stated Saturdaythat as a result of Miss Wagers' report, the proprietor of a certain business house in Paris will be requiredto answer before the United StatesCourt to a charge of volating thelabor laws by working womenclerks beyond the legal number ofhours. It is also stated that there isalso a large corporation doing business in this city under survillance.Miss Wagers stated last week thatshe found conditions in the smallertowns in Kentucky worse than inthe larger cities. This she attributed to the fact that the stores inmost of the smaller towns are keptopen at night, especially on Saturdays, and that the country peopleflock to the stores in the evening.She didn't find this to be the case inParis, as the merchants generallyare obeying the laws regarding employment of child labor and thehours for female empleyes.Miss Wagers will leave tins weeKon another inspection tour of theState, visiting factories, stores anaall business houses, particularly tofind out if there are crowded or unsanitary conditions, or if long andhard hours are kept by employes.She will probably pay Paris anotherofficial visit.of the Supreme Grand Lodge received jby Secretary Elliott. There are '&number of Italian, German, Sweedish and Bohemian lodges in the country which will be affected.oimb nnnsnip.ious oarts in his lite,life, and told how he had becomeconverted to Christianity while aprisoner in the Frankfort Reformatory. ,PARIS MAN HAS NARROW ESCAPE IN AUTO ACCIDENT.A narrow escape from a serious injury occurred in Lexington, Sundayafternoon about four o'clock, whentwo automobiles, one driven by Mr.A. Hendryx, of Paris, and the otherby Mr. B. F. Hambrick, of Lexington, collided at the corner of Shortand Walnut streets.The accident occurred as the twomachines were attempting to turnthe corner. The machine driven byMr. Hambrick, which was proceedingalone- Short street, was struck by theother car about midway, throwing itupon the sidewalk. The occupants ofboth cars escaped injury. Mr. Hambrick's car was badly damaged, onewheel being almost torn off and therear axle broken. . A broken bumpertotaled the damage done to Mr. Henri rv'v car. Bystanders stated thatthe accident was clearly unavoidable jand that no one, was to blame."SAeSATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.WWWl -"wtowThe suit3 we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashss, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool Kloth$18 to $40ITCHELL & BLAKEMOREMStetson HatsNettleton ShotsDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsttGE TWOTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 22, 1919.rfrriLI'I!frlMB!.!11tUit!IIICIH'I -J&4' aHliIHE BOURBON IWSEstablished 188137 Years of Coxtumous Publicationtublislied Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1-00Payable in Adavance.WHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.latetered at the Paria, Kentucky,Eoctoffice as Mall Matter of thet StMod Claw.)Any erroneous reflection upon theIritoraetor, standing or reputation otM7 person, firm or corporation whkhajj appear in the columm-of THflMTJ&BON NEWS will be gladly corEeted if brought to attention of thejrtltor.ADVERTISING RATESxDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perkch for first time; 50 cents per inchMen subsequent insertion.Heading Notices, 10 cents per line(ach Issue; reading notices in blackQype, 20 fcents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andpimilar matter, 10 cents per line..Special rates for large advertisegaeats and yearly contracts..The right of publisher is reseivedlG decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officespdv&t invariably be accompanied by&ne cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVE"We are authorized to announceUAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourbon County in the General Assembly ot the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 1919.We are authorized to announce N.'A. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forHepresentative from Bourbon Countyin the General Assembly of the Kenti, :y legislature.k FOR CITY COUNCILMAN4 ' First Ward''We are authorized to announceJAMES H. MORELAND as, a candi-datevfor-Councilman from the FirstWard, in the City of 'Paris, subjectio the action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We are authorized to announceN. FORD BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J. "WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceTHOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of: Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the--Democratic party.Second WardWe are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman in the Second Wardofvthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of. the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce ED3SURK2T as a candidate for Councilman -in the Second Ward of the Cityof. Paris, Ky., subject to action of theDemocratic paty.(We " are authorized to announceHUGH BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthe .City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Third Ward.We are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE as a candidate forCouncilman in the Third Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Two Stories That Illustrates TwoPoints.The first story illustrates the pointthat price usually determine thequality. It is about an Indian named Big Smoke, who was employed asa missionary to his fellow smokes outin bklahoma.A tourist once asked him what hedid for a living."Umph!" said Big Smoke, "mepreachum."That so? v What do you get forpreaching?""fMe get ten dollars a year."-'Well,7 commented" the whiteman", "that's d n poor pay.""Umph!" replied Big Smoke, "med t poor preacher."Tlie second story is about a Scotchman and shows -how you may sometimes get the same or better resultswith less costs.Three men went in the smokingcompartment of a Pullman. Theygot to talking and' relating their ex--periencesin various parts of theworld and one, seeking to make animpression on his companions, lit acigar with a dollar bill.Not -to be outdone, the second ofxthe two. not long after used a twodollar bill for the same purpose.The third traveler who was a Scot,, glling" uphis briar pipe -again' wrote acheck for a thousand dollars. Thenscratching a matoh he applied it tothe check and calmly lit hisv pipewith it.You'll agree that of the three, hepulled off the best stunt, withoutcost to himself.The Month of July.In July it's customary to write ofliberty because July is the birthmonth of the Declaration of Independence. Wonder if you ever stopped to think what liberty really is?Some people seem to think it's theright to vote. As we remember theDeclaration, it guarantees to everyman equal privileges in (among other things) the pursuit of happiness.Isn't that a pretty good definition ofliberty? Life is after all pursuit ofhappiness. We eat food, not to sustain us, but for the pleasure of eating, we wear clothes, not to keepus warm, but for the satisfaction of looking nice. WeWe build homes not to protect us,but so that we can better pursuehappiness. Our every action, wordand thought is in pursuit of thatsomething which will give us moreof the good things of life.Then everything that helps tomake life easier or living less a hardship tends towards liberty. The article you are manufacturing is notsalable unless it makes labor, easieror in some way adds to the comfortand happiness of the human race.Therefore, whatever you are makingand marketing, is an agent of liberty.It is helping to free the world. Neverthought of it that way, did you?This Is The Time To Do It.State Road Commissioner RodmanWiley, of Kentucky, says that "insome parts of Hancock, Breckinridgeand Meade counties it actually costsmore to haul the products of thefarm from the producer to the railroad station than it does to haul thesame material over the railroadsfrom Louisville to New York."It would be easy to pick, "Out counties in any State in the South ofwhich the same thing might truthfully be said.Good roads cost money, it is true;but the roads that cost the most arenot the good roads. The most expensive roads in your county are notthe roads you have paid taxes tomake good. They are the roads youpay taxes to leave bad the roadsthat compel you to haul smallerloads, to spend more time, to pullyour horses harder, to strain your vehicles more whenever you drive overthem. This country is paying morefor mud roads every year than it ispaying for macadam, concrete andasphalt combined. "The worse theroad, the more it costs."There has never been a better timeto build good roads than right now.If your county or your communityneeds better roads, you cannot affordnot to be helping it to get them.Clean Bill of Health.The Surgeon General announcesthat of the two million officers andmen who have been demobilizedsince the armistice was signed morethan ninety-three per cent, weredischarged with a clean bill ofhealth. Of those suffering disabilities only one per cent, were held forcommunicable diseases. Most of themen who have entered the army havenow returned to civil life; and atthe time of their return they were inbetter physical condition than beforethey entered the army. These figures are high praise for the medicalstaff of the army, and it is also avindication of the policy so stronglyadvocated by Secretary of War Bakerfor the provision of all comforts andamusements for the purpose of keeping soldiers from dissipation.School Per Capita Increase.The school per capita in Kentuckyhas been increased to $6.10, an advance of 85 cents over last year, andit is said that on this basis there isnow an opportunity for an increasein the pay of the teachers of Kentucky. There is no doubt that "themen and women who direct the education of the young folks in the Stateare inadequately paid for their services, and there is no way moneycould be better expended than by adding to their emoluments and attracting to the profession the besttalent in the Commonwealth.Korea Another Belgium.For months the American presshas been filled with reports of atrocities in Korea. Heretofore the authorities though often good, were notwhat one would consider conclusive.But now comes the Presbyterianchurch and from its headquarters inNew York issues a statement relativeto atrocities. Korea, the reportclaims, in another Belgium. It hasbeen mistreated by Japan in a waythat is beyond excuse or palliance.The first step of the League of Nations should be toward an examination and rectification of the Koreansituation.' oCANNED CORN FOR CATTLESilos are increasing in number veryrapidly in Kentucky. Cattle feedersand dairymen are using canned cornfor cattle more generally each season.The Extension Division of the Collegeof Agriculture is using every effortthis season to have a record numberof silos erected in the State.HEROIC WH PIGEONSFlock That Did Wonderful DeedsReturns Home."Genera! Muir" Comes With BreastShattered as Result of ManyExploits. ,New York. With breast shattered,but still aMve, General Muir, one ofthe greatest war herpes, returned recently. As the steamer pulled intoNew York harbor, General Muir saton the deck wrapped- in a blanketthat bore several 'wound and servicestripes. There was no perceptiblesign that he realised 'where he was.He made no comment.Reporters tried in vain to-Interviewhim. Sergt. Fred J. Hermann, hiscommander, did all thetalking. Yousee General Muir Is a carrier pigeon.He was one of the seven birds ofthe intelligence service of the A. E.F. that the transport brought home.General Muir's exploits are many.On one occasion, having been assigned to deliver a message of greatimportance to a post 18 miles away,he flew through shrapnel and gas, andpast a squadron of Germans that hadbeen sent out to intercept carrierpigeons and delivered the message Injust 33 minutes.With his breast torn open, with hiswings singed by fire, and eyes blinded with blood, he kept on till he hadreached his objective.King Cole, another pigeon, is thenearest rival of General Muir forfame. He was a messenger in thelast Argonne drive and flying througha cloud of gas fell into an abandonedtrench. There he lay in the mud fortwo days, and gathering strength,arose, and came home with the message. Real Cop Lines UpWith Five DummiesNew York. Critics of the police department will always saybad things, but it took "one ofthe finest" to deliver the unklndest cut of all.Exactly what will happen tothis patrolman for his reflectionupon his fellow members of theforce is not known, but last nighthe was still holding down hisnew job in the bureau of uniforms at headquarters'.In the office of the bureauthere are five clothing dummiesall fitted out with resplendentuniforms. The initiated workers In the place have learned bylong experience that these dummies are not members of theforce, but the new man enteredthe place unwarned.There stood the five dummiesas If at attention, and being unable to discern the differencebetween them and real cops thenew man fell right Into line andassumed the same attitude.After holding this position forabout five minutes he nudgedthe next dummy and asked:"How long do we have to keepthis up?"In reports of the matter thepatrolman's name was deleted,for the police are strong believers in secrecy nowadays.SCENE IN BULGARIAV-rf'"1! ,YA ArI fVK a vi4'" ' "'Photo bj. iWetern Nwpaper Union?French soldiers having their shoesshined by Bulgarian kiddies at Kustondal, a typical Bulgarian city. Mostof , the kids have no shoes, while othershave them so badly worn that theyare practically useless. Although theysmile at the cameraman, their clothesare literally hanging from their bodiesin rags. Even the man on the corner(left) has no shoes at all, and his"clothes" are held together by piecesof string.Belgians Want to Stay.London. Over tfO.000 Belgians havebeen repatriated from England, butthere are still 100,000 who want tostay, according to home office figures.British labor unions object.Official Mosquito Killer.Waxahachie, Tex, The CincinnatiReds are to have a "mosquitoless"training grounds If they come backhere next spring. The city has hireda mosquito killer at $65 a month.mat7i-,3mwv.-.a ' msjRV' m-BsiSLtn.A ,. s , ' v ' ' mEVERY MAH IN THREE STATESYlGWnXG BIG FOREST ifRESEvery man available in WesternMontana, Northern Idaho and Eastern Washington is being employedby the Federal forest service and theprivate forest protective associationto fight forest fires in Montana andIdaho that were threatening twoWestern Montana towns and millionsof feet of standing white pine.High winds, abnormally high temperatures combined with parchedforests are all but rendering the efforts of 1,000 men fighting" the manyforest fires useless. The townsthreatened with destruction areAtherton and St. Regis, in Montana.Between 700 and 1,000 acres inthe Helena forest are burning, ravaging some of the timber and destroying the old mining town camp ofJimtown, one and one-half miles fromYork. The blaze has been burningfor weeks, most of the time undercontrol, but high winds spread itrapidly and meager reports indicatethe fighters are being beaten steadily backward.To attempt to stop the RattlesnakeCreek fire in the Missoula, Mont.,forest, the fire fighters have madea fire line of more than 23 miles.The fire itself has a six-mile front.oCOST OP CULTURE.(Philadelphia Ledger)The college ''freshman year wasproving very expensive to father, sofather decided to have a "heart-to-heart"talk with Charles, home forthe week."Now, son," said he gravely, butaffectionately, "your mother and Iare spending just as little as we possibly can. I get up in the morningat 6:30 and I work until after 5.But son, the money just won't goround at the rate your expenses arerunning. What do you think we hadbetter do?"For a moment Charles' head wasburied in thought, and then he replied: "Well, father, I don't see any wayout but for you to work nights."oRUBIN & CHERRY SHOWS AT THEBLUE GRASS FAIR.The Rubin & Cherry Shows booked for exhibit at the Blue GrassFair, Lexington, Sept.-1-6, is composed of 20 car loads of high class attrations, and also includes threeriding devices of the latest pattern.This is the only organization of itskind ever permitted or engaged toshow in one of Uncle Sam's cantonments. Every show it carries isclean and wholesome.nTO CUT H. C. OF L.Bills designed to reduce the highcost of living were introduced in theHouse of Representatives by Upshaw,Democrat, Georgia, and Campbell,Republican, Kansas.Mr. Upshaw's measure would direct Secretary Baker to sell surplusfoodstuffs of the army, amounting to$121,000,000.Mr. Campbell proposed co-operationby government departments inproducing and distributing foodstuffs. Street Letting!BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KENTUCKY, BOURBON COUNTY.Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Board of Council, intheir office, in the City Building, until eight o'clock, P. M., July 28, 1919,to construct the streets hereinafterdescribed and in the manner prescribed in an ordinance of series1919.Main street, in the City of Paris,Ky., from the North margin of Tenthstreet to the South margin of Fourteenth street.Also Pleasant street from theNorth margin of Second street to theSouth margin of Twelfth street.Bids will, be received on VitrifiedBlock on a six inch concrete foundation; three types of Street Asphalton a six men concrete tounaation;Bitulithic Construction, on a six-inchconcrete foundation; and KentuckyRock Asphalt on seven inches ofmacadam foundation well rolled.Samples of Vitrified Block must befurnished. -A certified check or bidders bond tothe amount of 10 of the aggregatebid, must be submitted with the bid.This check to be returned upon theexecution of the contract, and thebond of the approved surety received, as specified.A Surety Company bond satisfactory to the Board of Council will berequired of the successful bidder inthe sum of 30 of the estimated costof the work. The nature and extentof the bond required will be guarantee for a period of five years from theacceptance of the work by the Boardof Council, against any and all defects due to defective or faulty workmanship or material.The surety shalLbe a guarantee ofsurety company authorized to doLbusiness in the State of Kentuckyand approved by the Board of Council. ,Drawings and specifications of.work willy be on Hie in the office ofthe City Clerk.The Board of Council reserves theright to reject any and all bids andalso the right to award contracts tothe lowest and best bidder.Board of Council, City of Paris.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.a J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.LANCASTER TO HAVE FIRST FUB1IC AIRPLANE LANDINGFRANKFORT, KY., July 21,Thefirst public landing field for airplanes in Kentucky is at Lancaster,where the Aero Club of" Kentucky,which filed articles of incorporationWednesday, has a thirty-acre tractunder lease a mile from the city andis constructing a hangar for the convenience of aviators.R. L. Elkin, who filed the articles,said the movement was started at thebehest of the Government.Machines from Camp Knox arethere now on a recruiting missionand the aviators say the landing fieldis an ideal one.The club is incorporated for$1,000; L. L. Walker is president, H.S. Hudson, vice president; J. M.Farra, secretary, and R. E. McRoberts, treasurer.SAID HOLLAND WILL CONSENTTO SEND "BILL" BACK.PARIS, FRANCE, July 21. TheNord Deutsche Allgemein Zietung,of Berlin, the mouthpiece of the government under the imperial regime,declares it has information that Holland will consent to the extraditionof former Emperor William, according to a Berlin dispatch to Parisnewspapers. The formal handingover of the former Emperor to theAllies, it adds, will take place at TheHague.Steer Taken Up.A red steer, weighing about 700 or800 pounds, has strayed to my place(the Hinton Farm) on the NorthMiddletown pike. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying charges.(ll-6t) R. L. WILSON.For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL,(4-6t)Notice to Creditors !All persons knowine- thprnspivpc: tnbe indebted to, or having claimsagainst, the estate of Carrie Bowen,deceased, are hereby notified to settle any such indebtedness and present any such claims, properly povenas required by law, to the undersigned executor, or his attorney, O. THinton.LUCIEN P. GARRETT,Executor of Carrie Bowen, Deceased.(15-22-29)PUBLIC NOTICEParis, Ky., July 17, 1919.The season of the year especiallysuggests to the community the propriety of boiling all water used fordrinking or domestic purposes,whether such water be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. Safety is being clearly indicated and those following the above advice can not gowrong and neither can any have regret. A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order Board of Health.(18-tf)Glasses PrescribedMade and FittedIn One DayIn one day's time, we will giveyour eyes a thorough and skillful examination and if glasses are needed,they will be made by us and delivered in time for you to take home withyou.We make no charge for our examination of the eyes and glasses of accuracy and quality are provided atmost reasonable costs.The most modern and thorouglyequipped optical establishment inKentucky.FAYETTE OPTICAL SHOP,313 West Main St.,Lexington, Ky.(15-2t)Public SaleOFDesirable Residence!As agent for the heirs of the lateMiss Belle Mitchell, I will sell atpublic auction, on the prepnises, onPleasant street, onThursday, July 24, 1919,at two o'clock, p. m., the desirableresidence of Miss Belle Mitchell, oneof the most desirably located an,dwell-constructed modern homes incity. The residence is a two-storvbrick, with slate roof; right side ofme street; near business center, carlines and churches.This home has all the modern conveniences; good furnace, and is ingood repair. Can be seen at anytime by appointment.At the same time and place I willsell the household effects, comprisingmany useful articles, includingchairs, tables, rugs, carpets, sideboard, dressers, beds, etc.J. T. VANSANT, Agent.M. F. Kenney, Auctfoneer.8-5t ' .jEiaEMHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadHftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEBAGENTWilmoth'sFreshHomejBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376wburton'sConfectionery Store!!Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT POR M. IBOLDMANUEL, C0TOSEL0B,AND SONADA CIGAESAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream. RSoda Water and Mixed jjDrinks still used. iBulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream) Kdelivered for home use.Fancy Ices lor Parties mHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, Set Us,FRANKBURTDN11xwmxwmy.wmy.M(15-4t)f 'f'tmJESDAT, JULY 22,-1919. wTHE BOUBBOJI NEWS, PAIHS, XERVCEfJV.- j- -..IA2TROL 16,000MILES OF PHONESUnited States Army Perfects FineTelephone System in Oc- ,scupied Territory.K. war'HANDLE 15,000 CMS DAILYEnables Commanding General to KeepHand on Pulse of Army Operators Speak English, Frenchand German.Coblenz. At the time the Americans began withdrawing from Germany the United States army had perfected one of the finest telephone systems in Europe. From the headquarters of the third army in Coblenz fiftylong-distance lines had been set upand it is possible for the commanding general to sit in his office andtalk with American officers in London,Berlin, Vienna, Rotterdam, Brussels,Antwerp, Paris and various otherEuropean points.The army of occupation has a telephone system closely resembling thebest commercial system in the UnitedStates. On the top floor of the headquarters building In Coblenz a nineposition switchboard was installedsoon after the Americans reached theRhine. Scattered throughout Coblenzare twenty private branch exchangesof the various units of headquarters.Connected to this system are morethan four hundred "subscribers" inaddition to the fifty long-distancelines, .w--"-.! -?v-- -tp--"" 16,000 Miles cf Wire.Within the German occupied arathere has been established by the signal corps under the direction of Col.Parker HItt, chief signal officer, a network of wires connecting the variousunits of the third army. Direct linesconnect with all the corps and divisions, approximately 16.000 miles ofwire being inseryicjThis expensive plant has not, however, been built by the third army, butconsists almost altogether of the German lines taken over by the signalcorps and so arranged as to meet theneeds of the army. Sufficient circuitswere left, however, for the civilianTTSH BEDTG DISTEIBTJTEDEISH COMMISSION.by! social and personal.im,-i t, " 77 a tv . Comings and Goings of OurWhile in Pans a few days ago, Mr. , p ,Wg,, M.M.,9 ......W U.M.Elsewhere.Miss Louise Letton is a guest ofJ. Quincy Ward, of Frankfort, Exec-!utive Agent of me State Game and jFish Commission, stated that he had ilcueiveu, x icuci uuui -wj.i. tvamci u. -nf.,., tt r -vT . . -, .. .Hines, Director-General of Railroads, j ;: , "' ""f.' . , , ,, . e Misses Maude and Lutie Crowein which he conveyed the informa-1 ,.. ..! , . ., . . . .i,nf i, floi, np r inave returned from a visit to friendstion that the fish car of the Commis- -n jjazard Kvsion could not he hauled longer free ,,. ' . y,T . .of charge. The rate for the car is ! t lsf Edna. Huffman of Covingthirty cents a mile. The Commission " atlB' 0f fnends and rela'is now without funds to handle the j b inia ' cuy; JX ,.car, which will handicap their work I Mamie and Edith Stivers'. A.- - -,- . , . are visiting: their Kistftr Mrs. Thomasin tne aistriDuuon oi nsn xo tne T , r ; 'streams in the State.Quite recently a large lot of smallmouth and big-mouth bass have beenplaced in the streams of the CentralKentucky counties, including Bourbon. A large number of requests forfish are now on file inKennedy, in Winchester.Miss Lina Crowe has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto friends in Stearns, Ky.Mrs. W. H. Brady and daughter,Miss Kathrya Brady, of Stanford, are'guests of relatives in this city.the office of the Commissionerat Frankfort, but it is hard tosay, according to Mr. Ward, whenthey can be filled, as owing to the jruling of Mr. Hines, it will be impossible to comply at the present time.Mr. Edward Simms, owner of theXalapa Farm, on the North Middletown pike, near Paris, has constructed a fish hatchery on the place andwants it stocked with fish from theMacklin hatchery in Franklin county. He also has four miles of stream.Mr. and Mrs. Harry MitchellTiave returned from a visit of severaldays to friends in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Lou Rogers has returned toher home in Georgetown, after amonths' visit to relatives in this cityand county.Misses Ruthella and IdaleeWheeler have returned from a visitto their grandmother, Mrs. DorisYoung, in Somerset.Mr. J. Miller Ward, of nearParis, has gone to Hot Springs, Ark.,through his farm, and de-for an extended stay, taking treat-runninssires the creek stocked, also. Mr.Simms started the hatchery on hisfarm several years ago. It embracesfour large pools. The fish from thesepools would be sufficient to restockmost of the streams in the county.Mr. Ward stated that young bass andnewlights from the Simms hatcheryi are now Deing aistnuuicu m t"streams of Bourbon county.oCOLLEGE TO MAKE CHEESECollege of Agriculture will build amodel creamery in the near future inwhich instruction will be given inthe manufacture of ice cream,cheese and butter. In addition tothe regular and short courses which ,will be offered to those students whoare anxious to specialize in the workof operating creameries, cheese factories and ice cream plants.Mr. J. O. Barkman, of the DairyDepartment of the Ohio State University, will have charge of the creamery. It is understood that he expectsto place special emphasis upon theutilization of surplus milk and alsoupon an increased output of cottagecheese and chadder cheese.yfob:THE FATHERLESSDKEN OF FRANCE.CHEL-ment for rheumatismMr. and Mrs. Clayton Strode andfamily, of Winchester, were recentdinner guests of Mr. and Mrs. ClaySutherland, in this city.Mr. John Carroll, of Winchester street, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where he recentlyunderwent an operation for appendicitis. Miss Josie Maher, of Covington,who has been finite ill at thp home 2of her brother. Mr. John Maher. in WASHINGTON, July 21, ApWhite Addition, in this city, is im- (proximately 175 ships, with an agThe children of France have notyet emerged from the shadow of thewar. With peace assured, and a happier future opening before them, itbecomes increasingly evident thatthe child life of France has suffereda shock from which it is difficult torally; while the birth rate has dropped to 8 to each 1,000 population.The Fatherless Children of France,an American organization co-operatingwith a similar one in Paris, ofwhich Marshal Joffre isthe head, reports that of the children receivingAmerican aid to the extent of 10cents a day under its plan of securing American god-mothers for theFrench war waifs, its records showan average of 700 children's deathper month since the armistice. Thehelp of the American godmotherscame too late to save these undernourished nerve-shocked little ones.Mrs. Walter S. Brewster, of Chicago, vice-chairman of the Fatherless Children of France, has beenappointed chairman of a campaign tosecure American aid for the 60,000little war orphans whose names wereon the lists of the organization as"unadopted" before the signing ofthe armistice. Ten cents will carefor a child for an entire day; $3.00for a month; while for $36.50 a yearthe donor may select a child fromthe lists at the organization's headquarters and be placed in .correspondence with it. To adopt a childor make a donation, write for information to Mrs. Walter S. Brewster,Room 634, 410 S. Michigan Avenue,Chicago.oII It MHHH4HH I 4 M 1 1 f 1 1 II I iNEW PACIFIC FLEET TO175 SHIPS.HAVEpopulation to carry on their businessMore lh"an"l5.000 calls are registered daily on the Coblenz switchboard. ( pnTAT0ES HAVE WARTSWith the establishment of an. ex- POTATO,!? WYfiWMWchange In Cob&SZ it was necessaryto employ operators who could speakEnglish, French and German. .The fifteen operators on duty in Coblenz areall members of the women's telephonecorps and have been in the servicemore than a year. The chief operator, Miss Helen Ctofcv was a formeremployee of. the American Telephoneand Telegraph company of New York.Previous to joining the American er-vpedltionary force, Miss Cook spent sixyears as instructor for the Bell sys1em in offices in Chicago, Minneapolis,Omaha, Cleveland, Detroit and Memphis. "Doodlebug" Code Name.The word "Doodlebug" Is the codename of the third army switchboardin Coblenz, the corps and divisions also retaining the code names that wereassigned them during the war. On theback of a twenty-page telephone directory Issued by the third army theTh6 potato" Wart has appeared inPennsylvania. The potato wart, unlike that to which the human familyis heir, is extremely dangerous andfrequently grows until it becomes aslarge as the potato itself. UncleSam wishes all Kentucky growersof the spud to be on the lookout forthis disease. The town gardener andthe big farmer should be on the lookout for notatoes that have wartsand at once notify Mr. R. C. Faul- Tpresident of the City National Bank,wetter, of the Department 01 &"-of paducah.miitnre. Washington, at his summer 1 Ar . Afoffice at the Experiment biauon at"Lexington.oproving.Mr. and Mrs. John F. Davis andchildren have returned to their homein Shelbyville, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. T. J. McCray, at North Middletown. Miss Janie Marsh, who has beena typhoid fever patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for some time,is reported as making steady improvement. Mrs. J. J. Haggard and Mrs.Harry Collins, of Paris, were visitorsin Winchester, Friday, the guest offriends and relatives.Miss Jessie Rose has returnedfrom a two-weeks' vacation spentwith relatives and friends in Harrison county, and has resumed her position as assistant secretary at the Y.M. C. A. ' 'Mrs. Max Straus and daughter,Miss Caroline Straus, have returnedto their home in. Cincinnati, after avisit to the former's brother, Mr. WillSnire, and Mrs. Shire, on SouthMain street.-Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Utterback anddaughter, Miss Lena Utterback, ofPaducah, are guests of Dr. and Mrs.Harry Mathers. Mr. Utterback isThe Jl T. Hinton Co iUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.IAmbulance calls promptly attended to with our Jkiiiiuuauic iiivanu vuaun.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.x- ,iHiiiiiHtii 1 1...1 r t T t.,t. f j. y u T T 1 ! ff ff f m 1 1 1 1 1 !A MAN AND HIS WIFEAN INVISTMENT WITH NO RISK.In Washington, D. C, 900 WarSavings Societies have been organized and the membership is in excessnss n 00. That stately Treasuryartist's conception of a "doodlebug" 1 builingf yith its hoards of goldhas been reproduced in tne snape ot ahug made up of a combination ofsabres, rifles and an aerial bomb.All the apparatus, Including switchboards, telephone instruments, and, infact, everything excepting the wires,is of American manufacture and Isto be taken out when the Americans IIn force say good-by to the Rhine andstart for France and home.TO MAKE JOBS FOR CRIPPLESAustralian Government Buys American Invention to Provide Employment for Returned Soldiers.Menominee, Mich. A one-armedman operating the newly inventedLloyd loom so impressed Hon. G. M.S. McNellage, member of the Australian legislature, during a tripthrough the Lloyd Manufacturing company's plant here that arrangementswere completed by cable whereby theAustralian government pays $250,000for rights to use the machine as wellas Lloyd's new method of production.They will only be used in giving employment to returned and crippled soldiers and s'ailors.The Lloyd loom is the first mechanical device ever made which willweave reed or fiber for baby carriages,furniture or baskets. From the veryearliest time even when Moses wasfound in the bullrushes, tucked Into ahand-made reed basket these articleshave been woven by hand. MarshallT3. Lloyd struggled many years overthe task while scores of others failed.Success has finally come in a machinewhich will weave these fabrics thirtytimes faster than the most skilledhand-worker can, and Vith muchgreater perfection.wTn3i is hack of every security issued by the United States Governmentshould appeal no more to the Wasliington youngster than the broad andfertile acres of Missouri, Arkansasand Kentucky. Theyvtoo, are security for Government loans, ana eve.United States Bond will be redeemedwith interest just as surely as menation continues to exist.o r - ,.3EWABE THE GElHRICH-aTJICKMAN.In these days when money is mucheasier to get than in days that manycan remember, the "get-rich-quick''plan is a favorite temptation heldalluringly before the public. TheTreasury Department has recentlyissued a bulletin dealing with thisor:niP.iniis evil. The really wise person who cannot afford to "take a The crawfordsville, Ind., JourMartin Sweeneyand Miss Elnora Baker, who havebeen guests of the former's brother,Mr. J. B. Sweeney, and family, nearthis city, have returned to theirhome in Dayton, Ohio.Mr. Omar Denton, son of Mr.Jefferson Denton, of thig city, whorecently -riniaerwent an 'operation forappendicitis at the Massie MemorialHospital, rallied nicely from the Effects, and is doing verywell.Mrs. Eiizatieth Taylor anddaughter, Miss Jennie Taylor, whohave-been guests' of Mrs. iiV. B.Woodford, at her home on "the Winchesterjrike, near Paris'have returned totheir home in St. Louis, "Mo.Mrkiid 'Mrs. 'Willis .Hubbard, ofGreen ,Cdve N Springs, Florida, are'guests of friends and relatives inParis and 'Lexington. Mrs. Hubbard was formerly Miss Sallie Wilcox, of Paris, a daughter of the lateMr. and'Mrs. John Wilcox.Dr. and Mrs. D. S.Henry andtwo daughters, Misses Charlotte andElizabeth Henry, Have gone to Latta,S. C, where they will be guests ofDr. Henry's father. They made thetrip over the Louisville & Nashvilleby way of Knoxville, and will be absent about two weeks.gregate tonnage of more than 500,-000, will constitute tne newiy organized Pacific fleet, it was saidby the Navy Department officitls.At full strength, the armada will bemanned by about 34,000 men and1,800 commissioned officers, but thepersonnel will be about 30 per cent,below this strength when the fleetbegins its history-making voyagefrnm Hamnton Roads Saturday.Pre-deadnoughts Vermont, Neships: Dreadnoughts New Mexico,Included in the fleet will be theseWyoming, Arkansas, Mississippi,Idaho, Arizona, Texas and New York,braska, Georgia, Rhode Island, Virginia and New Jersey.Cruisers Seattle, Chicago, Cleveland, Denver, Tacoma, Marblehead,Machias, Vicksburg, Montana, NorthCarolina and Pueblo.There will be 108 destroyers of thenew 1,400-ton flush deck type, builtafter the United States entered thewar. They will be divided into twosquadrons with the scout cruiser Birmingham and saiem as iiagsmpa anuwith the Melville, Prairie, Buffaloand Black Hawk as tenders.In the fleet also will be 14 submarines of the S type, with the Savannah as tender. The mine detachment will comprise the cruiser Baltimore as flagship, the mine layerAroostook andk the mine sweepers"Ortolan, Partridge, .Redwing, Seaerull. Thrush, Whippoorwill, Tanager.Lapwing, Tern, Bittern, Sandpiper,Vireo.The fleet train will comprise thecruiser Minneapolis as flagship andthe repair ship Vestal, hospital shipsComfort and Mercy, supply shipsRappahannock, Flacier and Celtic,fuel shins Aerthusa, Manumee.Neches, Kanawha, Brutus, Vulcan,,Mars, target repair ship Nanshan,radio repair ship Saturn and 11 tugs.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy yon.A phone brings U3.CLEANERHome Phone 169INVESTIGATION IS ORDERED OFLUXURY TAX DELINQUENTSProfessional Cards.PASSENGER TRAFFIC TO EUROPEGROWS HEAVIER... ?j j. 4-im war xn.vmHs tcnance nuus m m 7'";Stamp an investment just to his liking He mal invest as little as $5or he may invest up to $1,000, andthe little "bahy bond" is safe guarded just as much as the $1,000 bond-drawing four per cent, compoundedquarterly and is absolutely safe.ttw of ProgrtM.Let us then be of good cheer. Promthe great law of progress we mayderive at once our 'duties rand our encouragement. Humanity lias ever, "advanced; thwarted sometimes by obstacles which have caused it for atime a moment only; in the immensity of ages rto deviate from its truelines, or seem to retreat; but - stillever onward. Charles Sumner.Gas Woodchucks.Winsled, Conn. Gassing woodchucks is the latest method of exterminating them In Masscbusetts. Theidea was tried out on the farm of Elbert L. Fargo, near Marlboro, andproved a success.A hose was attached to the exhaustof an automobile engine and extendeddpwn the, hole. By use. of a liberalmixture of gas the rodents were killed.Family Verbs.Speaking of odd Verbs, it has beenthe custom for years in a certainBoston family'to say when the weatherhas cleared," "It has nicened .up."The other day, one of them was evenheard to say, "It has nicened up nicely." Boston Transcript.nal, of recent date, has the followingnote of a social event in that city, inwhich Paris people were guests:"Mrs. W. E. Nicholson entertainedat dinner Thursday evening at herhome on West Main Street in honorof Mrs. George Stuart, 6f Paris, Ky.,Mrs. Charles Goltra, of Los Angeles,Cali., and Mrs. E. H. Carver, of Indianapolis, who are( (visiting jherej andAlbert Goltra, ;who recentlysreturnedfrom overseas. Covers at the tablewere laid for- twenty t guests, and thedecorations fywere earned. ..put ingreen and witite."Dr. Lee Oberdorfer, the druggist,had a pleasant surprise last Friday,thfi fiftv-ninth anniversary of hisbirth, when he went to supper at theCrosdale Hotel. Arriving there hefound the druggists and physiciansof the city assembled to greet him,and to help him enjoy a splendiddinner tendered by his daughters,Miss Rosalee Oberdorfer and Mrs.Harry Linville. Many toasts wereproposed for the future happinessand, prosperity of the guest of honorand fittingly - responded to. Theoccasion was a memorable one in thelife career of Dr. Oberdorfer, who enjoys the friendship of the membersNEW YORK. July 21. Threetrans-Atlantic liners leaving hereJuly 12 carried 3;235 passengers,makinsr a total ot. 6,140 passengers'for the week on six large ships. Passenger representatives of the variouslines and customs authorities saidthis was one of the largest weeks in1 departures -of civilians f er -abroadthat has been recorded since 1914.Especially heavy is the movementof third-class passengers for Italy.At the United States customhouse,where all departing passengers mustcall to have their passports vised,there has been a solid line of men incolumn of twos extending for morethan a block around the buildingevery day this week.Announcement from Washingtonthat restrictions regarding trade withGermany is to be lifted soon, hasresulted in a large number of applications for passage to that countrybeing filed at offices of steamshiplines going- to Scandinavian ports.These applications come from allparts of the United States.A special drive for the collectionof luxury taxes has been announcedby the Bureau of Internal Revenue.Instructions have been sent to allcollectors by Commissioner Roper tobegin a thorough canvas for delinquents who have not been turning inthe full amount to which the government is entitled on the sales of softdrinks, theatre admissions, clubdues, jewelry, art works, wearingapparel, toilet articles, boats and certain manufacturers and occupationallaxes. ' iCities and counties have been di-ManumeeJvlded into zones and as many members of the field force assigned to thework as can be spared from otherduties.Books and records will be examined where the collectors deem it necessary. "In every case," Mr. Roper said,"warranted by investigation, penalties assessed by law for failure orwilful refusal to make returns will beenforced strictly."oSUMMER COMPLAINT IN CHIL-DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRANNAINAttbrhey-at-LawROOMS 401402HRST NAT'L BANK BUffiDDf GCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP--oWAR SAVINGS STAMPS AS PRIZESMany ingenious substitutes arebeing employed in England for the 0f his profession and a large circlewinuowglass which ''has-been brbk- r0f friends. -en in the last four years. (Other Personals on Page 5)For many years the Odd FellowsHome, an institution for the care andtraining of orphaned children of OddFellows at Liberty, Clay County,Mo., has been reckoned as one of thebest managed institutions of thekind in the United States. This yearan innovation has been broughtabout, and the results are even morepleasing than was expected. Heretofore during the scholastic year al series of prizes for excellence inclasses, deportment and accomplishment have been given. These prizeshave always heretofore consisted ofmedals. This year the prizes awarded have been War Stamps, and theprizes themselves have fitted in sowell with the study of thrift that thestudent body took even a keener interest in the competition than ever.oPadro Lascuran was president ofMexico for twenty-six -minutes onNovember 19, 1913, following themurder of Madero. 'DREN.There is not anything like so manydeaths from this disease now as before Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy came into such general use. When this remedy isgiven with castor oil as directed andproper care is taken as to diet, it issafe to say that fully ninety-nine outof every hundred cases recover. Mr.W. G. Camphell, of Butler, Tenn.,says: 1 nave usea unajmoeniansColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forsummer complaint in children. It isfar aliead of anything I have everused for this purpose."(july-adv)-Prompt and Courteous Attentiom'tf'Patrons. .r- s 1:7,"HOT AND COLD BSfHS'. .I Southern Optical Co.Incorporatedbrighter:EVENINOS. 1 m . -mrm)-KT5W9Manufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESX Krjrptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lena4th, & Chestnut StsLOlirSVILLE, KY.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house. :use fSlectricituA?or EiabtmgIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Beating and eoofcigIt's the only sensible plan. - .VLetUsFix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity toi Gas.jParis Gas & Electric Co;(IictTimtai)tVMGETOra"T,"y!!w i3333TUESDAY, JULY 22, 19 lfr.f5iTHE BOTJBBON NEWS, TAXIS, TEJXTUCTt2PABIS ATJTO THIEVES ABIUESTEDIN CHICAGO.Harris Bailey and Mrs. PrankJones, both colored, were arrested byChicago police Friday, on a chargeof stealing an automobile from Mr.Morris Stern, of this city. The -newsof the arrest came to Chief of PoliceT.JnV in a message from Chief of De- jtectives Mooney, of Chicago. FrankJones, colored, wanted on the samecharge, is being searched for. Thecar was recovered by the Chicagopolice.Chief Link learned that Jonesiad told here that he was going toChicago to start a garage. He alsolearned that Jones had shipped threetrunks by express to Dayton, Ohio.Inquiry of the Dayton police broughtthe information that the parties hadbeen in Dayton and had ordered thetrunks forwarded to Chicago, wherethey would be called for. The Chi--cagopolice were communicated withand the arrests followed.The car, together with a lot oftools belonging to Mr. Stern, wastaken from the garage on Eighth'.street last Tuesday, where Jones had"been repairing it. It is said thatJones is wanted in Mobile, Ala., onthe charge of stealing an automobile.He came to Paris about four monthsfigo, and secured employment as anauto mechanic."NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC DANGEE IN CROSSING TEACKSOwing to the fact that a largenumber of freight trains are constantly in motion in the vicinity ofthe platform where the material forthe new dam is to be built, the Louisville & Nashville officials have requested Mayor January to stationa policeman there to keep people offthe tracks, as it is a constant sourceof danger.Not desiring to use up any of thecity's money for that purpose MayorJanuary requests the peopleto remain away from the vicinity of-where the work is being done, or goto the other side, near the ParisMilling Co.'s and take a view of thework. In view of possible loss oflife or limb incurred in crossing thetracks the warning to stay away isimperative. The point the railwaypeople desire to impress is the dangerof someone being caught on thetracks by a train and badly injured.In reality the spectators are trespassing on railroad property. Theofficials and the Mayor hope thepublic will heed this warning and.save trouble all around.EENTEES BUY HOMES ONE REASON FOE HIGH PRICES.Heal estate in Paris, according tolocal real estate agents, is selling forgood prices. The speculation willprobably continue for some time.The situation here is not differentfrom other Central Kentucky towns.One of the real estate men said Saturday: 'There seems to he more money inthe country now tha-n there ever was,and people are beginning to investthe money they have recently accumulated from high farm productsand other sources, in homes. Manywho have been renters in the past,lave just now saved enough to makethe first payment on a home or afarm. 'This is, in my opinion, one-of the chief reasons for the so-calledhoom in real estate."Another reason, probably, according to real estate men and contractors, is the high cost of building. Ithas been cheaper recently to buy,if possible, than to build.oBLACKBERRY PICKERS BUSY."With the large crop of blackberries raised in Nicholas, Robertsonand other counties this season, theprice has not been lowered any, andthe luscious fruit is retailing at-$1.50 per bucket on the local market Many Paris people have takenmatters in their own hands, andwith trucks and autos have made excursions to the hiackberry patches,inhere they have secured large quantities of the berries. Bushes areloaded down with the berries andhundreds of gallons are going towaste because of the scarcity or helpto pick them and the scarcity ofsugar. Two residents of the countymade a trip recently to Salt Lick, inBath county, returning with eightynine gallons of berries. One of theparty said he picked three gallons oflife fruit on a plot of ground no bigger than an ordinary family room.Crews of freight trains coming toParis have brought a plentiful supply of berries with them from thecounties along the line of the Louisville & Nashville.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, July 22 BryantWashburn, in "Something To Do;";WMiam Duncan, in "The Man ofMight;" Harold Loyd Comedy, "Before Breakfast"To-morrow, Wednesday, July 23 JWm. S. Hart, in "Tne -oppy "'Husband;" Vig V. Comedy, "Healthful and Happy;" Bray Pictograph.Thursday, July 24 Dorothy Dalto, in "Other Men's Wives;" Arfcuckle Comedy, "Fatty, the Villian;"tPathe Reviw.o-Many ingenious substitutes arebeing employed in England for the-window glaas which has been broken in, the last four years.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Ben Leach, of Paris, who has beenin the service for eighteen months,on the U. S. S. Montana, writes, under date of July 9, from Norfolk, Va.,to a member of THE NEWS force, asfollows:"Norfolk, Va., July 9, 1919."Dear Friend: Here we are backin the States for good. We returned from Brest, France, on June 30,landing in New York with our lastcargo of troops, and we now in thePortsmouth Navy Yard for slight repairs, making ready to sail for theWest Coast."We did our duty throughout thewar convoying the troop shipsships across. We made thirteenacross We have "made thirteensingle life or ship. Throughout roughand calm we made our way back andforth, until all was done, and on theday before the armistice was signedwe lifted our anchor from the Chesapeake Bay, and shoved off for Canadato do duty there. On our arrival wewere recalled to New York ,wherewe fitted the ship up with a sufficient number of bunks to carry twothousand men, besides the regularcrew of seven hundred. We werethirty days getting ready for this newduty, and on December 21, we leftthe sheds at Hoboken, N. J., boundfor Brest, France, on our first transport trip. We reached Brest onJanuary 1, 1919, and I left the shipat ten o'clock a. m. with the libertyparty, it being my first step on foreign land. It was quite a sight forme. We were permitted to walkinto the bars and get anything wedesired, it being the first place Ihave been admitted to a bar sinceputting on a uniform."We made six transport trips, carrying a total of 12,000 troops backto 'God's country.' I thought carrying troops was going to be a ratherunplasant task, but I soon found italtogether different. The soldiers allproved to be good fellows, and it waslots of company to have them onboard. On one trip I met an oldfriend from Paris, Lucien Arnsparger. That was some time ago andno doubt he has been released fromthe service by this time. I guessmost of the boys from the old town,both in the army and navy, havealso returned home by this time. Idon't know when I will be out, butprospects look good for about thefirst of November."We are to leave Norfolk, Saturday, on our trip West, going by wayof the Panama Canal, then up thecoast to Bremerton, Washington, adistance of six thousand miles. Weare to make it in about twenty-fivedays, making one stop in uainorniafor coal. When we reachour assigned place it willmake a total of more thantwenty-five thousand miles I havetraveled by water, and while goingthat distance I have been for morethan eight months out of sight ofland. Adding together the days wewere in port between trips it wouldamount to less than four months, thatincluding thirty days we were in the ;Navy Yard in 1918, and the thirtywe were in New York, putting inbunks."I think I have seen my part ofthe war, and I am now xeady to return to civilian life, hoping to be athome some time in November. Withbest regards to all, I hope to remain,"Sincerely Yours,"BEN K. LEACH,"U. S. S. Montana, Care Postmaster,New York, N. Y."With his habituaL good-naturedsmile and a glad hand for all whomhe had known in the days beforeyncle Sam -claimed his services, Edgar "Smiley" Dodge, returned toParis last week after a long serviceoverseas. Corp. Dodge landed atNewport News some days ago, fromwhere he went to Camp ZacharyTaylor, receiving his final dischargepapers there. He was a member ofthe First Pioneer Infantry of theExpeditionary Forces. Being a "natural-bornmechanic" he was able torender Uncle Sam unusual service,and, in recognition of his special fitness for that kind of work the Government gave him a special threemonths' course in mechanical engineering at the A. E. F. University atBeaunne, France. Corp. "Smiley"and his motorcycle are again familiarsights along the highways of thecounty.After spending a fifteen days' furlough with relatives in this city,Capt. Jas. A. Orr has returned toCamp Zachary Taylor, where he willreceive his discharge from the armyservice. Capt. Orr spent nine monthsin the Medical Corps branch of theservice in France. He had just beenrecommended for promotion to therank of Major, when an order wasissued by the Secretary of WarBaker that no more promotionswould be made in that branch of thearmy. Capt. Orr will return toParis and resume the practice ofmedicine with Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty. Corporal Herman Barlow has beenreleased from the service, having received his final discharge papers atCamp Zachary Taylor, and returnedto his home on Tenth street, in thiscity. Corp. Barlow saw severalmonths' service overseas. He enlisted- in the service in the early part ofRELIGIOUS.Rev. It. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, preached atthe morning service in the Mt. Sterling Baptist church, Sunday.Rev. Dr. C. Connor Brown, ofNorth Carloina, preached at thePresbyterian church, in this city,Sunday at "the morning service at10:45 o'clock. Miss Mary DanHarbeson sang a beautiful Ksolo, "IfChrist Should Come Again." Dr.Brown also preached at the sameplace Sunday, it being a union service of all the churches.There was a large crowd at the oldCane Ridge church Sunday whenRev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,delivered a-n eloquent sermon dealing principally with historical eventsin the history of the church. Overone hundred years ago Rev. BartonW. Stone held a great interstate revival at the old Cane Ridge church,which was the founding of the Christian church in Kentucky.At the Methodist church at themorning service Sunday, the pastor,Rev. G. R. Combs, delivered an interesting sermon to the congregation,dealing with the proceedings of thegreat Centenary celebration at Columbus, Ohio.oREGARDING THE ICE SHORTAGE.The capacity of the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.'s plant is forty tons aday. The plant is now reduced tofourteen tons a day capacity, owingto the low stage and the high temperature of the water. If the hotweather continues it is possible thatthe capacity and output of the plantmay be reduced still lower. Theonly relief is for heavy rains to continue. As the water supply increasesand the water becomes cooler, theice plant can increase its capacity.Ice cream and soda water dispensers,butchers, hotels and boarding housesare hard hit.The shortage in the supply of ice iscausing considerable discomfort tothe citizens of Paris, but they areassured that the situation will be relieved as soon as the new dam at theParis Milling Co.'s plant is completed, which, it is stated at present,will be a matter of from thirty toforty days at the earliest.Mr. Phil Nippert, manager of theParis Ice Manufacturing Co.'s plant,has issued the following statement tothe public regarding the rumor incirculation to the effect that he hadrequested the Lexington Ice Co. notnot to supply Paris dealers with ice:"To The People of Paris and Bourbon County:"Information reached us Fridaymorning from Mayor January thatcomplaints had come to him tothe effect that the Lexington IceManufacturing Company had been requested by us -not to furnish ice toParis and Bourbon county people.We asked the Mayor to take this matter up immediately with the Lexington company, and furnish him thenames of the manager and assistantmanager. The Mayor was informedby them that Mr. Nippert, of theParis Company, had been pleadingwith them to let any and all Parisand Bourbon county people who desired ice to have all they wanted,stating that it would be a personalfavor to him."PHIL NIPPERT,"Manager Paris Ice ManufacturingCompany."oSIX-WORD WILL GIVES $200,000TO SERVANTA will of six words, scribbledhastily on the margin of a daily market report four minutes before thetestators died, was filed in Surrogate's Court, in New York. The writer was Alexander William Waters,general agent of the American FruitExchange. With the words, "All Ihave belongs to Zulma," he left his$200,000 estate to Zulma Powell, hishousekeeper.1918, and in seventeen days afterleaving New York harbor, was on thefiring line. He participated in battles on three battle fronts, and wasin most of the big engagements during the war.Baldwin Woods, of Paris, who hasbeen in the hospital branch of theservice, as a member of the BarrowUnit No. 40, has returned from overseas, and is temporarily located atCamp Merritt, New Jersey, in thiscity. Woods was transferred fromthe Barrow Unit to the Hospital UnitNo. 53, and was stationed at Marseillies, France, up to the time of hisembarkation for America.Ensign Prentice Slade, of Lexington, well-known in Paris, has gone toDetroit, Mich., to enter the newspaper field with the Booth syndicatepapers. He was with the LexingtonLeader before entering the war service in 1917, and has recently returned from Pensacola, Fla., wherehe had been in the naval aviationsince last August.oCorp. James A. Duffey has received his final discharge papers fromthe service, and has returned to hishome in Paris. He is a guest of hismother, Mrs. Lucy Duffy, on Linkavenue. Corp. Duffy was a memberof Co. B, 72d Engineers, in theAmerican Expeditionary Forcesoverseas. He is a brother of MissLuna Duffy, of Link avenue.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday morning at the court housedoor in this city, for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton, the residence ofthe late Mr. H. Clay Hutchcraft, located on South Main street, to Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, for $7,000.The old Garrett Davis property oftwenty-two acres and a brick residence, fronting on Vine street, inthis city, has been purchased forabout $15,000, by the Wakefield &Davis Realty Co., of Shelbyville.The property was owned by MissesMary, Lula, Alice and Sue Ford,daughters and heirs of the late Mr.James E. Ford. The tract, which adjoins the Henry Addition to Paris,will probably be platted into buildinglots and sold at public auction.The purchasers recently held a successful sale of lots in the FairviewAddition to Paris, being the Taylorproperty, located at the intersectionof the North Middletown and Parisand the Paris and Maysville turnpikes. SACKS.Grain Sacks for rent or sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duringJuly.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oFLAMES CAUSE $100,000 DAMAGEAT PADUCAH.The McKinney-Guedry WholesaleGrocery and Old Homestead Vinegarand Pickling Company were destroyed by fire, which threatened the entire district early Friday morning.The loss amounts to ?100,000. T. P.Guedry, vice president of the McKin-ney-GuedryCompany, estimates hisloss will run about $100,000, with$45,000 insurance. Unfilled ordersamounting to $41,000 were destroyed. LAST MEETING OF CITY BOARDTAX SUPERVISORS.The City Board of Tax Supervisorswill have their last sitting in thegrand jury room in the court houseon July 31, from 9:00' a. m. to 3:00p. m.Walsh's Store andHot Weather Clothes!SILK SHIRTS AT $5.00 TO $8.50: We have just received a new shipment of Silk and Fibre Shirts. This is thebest selected line of shirts in town. The patterns are entirely new and the valuescan't be beat $5.00 to $8.50R.7th and MainKRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFUTURISTWoman s "Modem UndergarmentCOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons' .FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileTHE WEATHER MAN has been handingus a hot weather drive and this store is prepared to meet the attack by furnishing thevictims with cool, comfortable clothes Palm Baches,Crashes and Mohairs. Every man can be comfortable by wearing one of these suits. The stylesand patterns are new and the values above par112.50 to 20.00$2.00 and $2.50 ShirtsYou can't get away from these shirt values.The price sells them, as they are excellent values.They come in soft cuffs mostly in striped patternsin white and tan backgrounds. See our windowdisplay of these shirts.$2.00 and $2.50P. WALSHOne-Price ;S toreDeliveryParis, Ky.t414it1?'TUESDAY, JULY 22, 1919.THE BOUBBOH NEWS, PABXS, XEHTUCETPAGEIVE4- iFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)POR YOUR VACATION.SOCIAL A?TD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere."We liave the clothes and furnishings you need.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oNOMINATE MUSICK.Nominate Ryland C. Musick, ofBreathitt county, for Attorney General, is the word being passed overthe State by those most interested ina -winning Democratic ticket in November. (22-lt). o"PEEK" WILL WELCOME YOUThe Winchester Daily Democratsays: "We are thinking of spendingthe week-end at Paris in order to getto take a 'spin with Mr. Perkins inthe Stutz he bought of ChampionDempsey." 'oELECTED TRUSTEES.Henry S. Caywood, J. W. Jones,Dr. L. R. Henry, J. 0. Evans andCharles C. Clarke have been selectedas trustees for the new GradedSchool, at North Middletown, whichwas authorized by a vote of the people recently at a special election.QUALIFICATIONS FOR FIRST VOTERS IN THE ELECTION.All minors who will become 21years of age by the Nocember election, and who have the other necessary qualifications, (being a residentof the State 12 months, of the countysix months and of the precinct 60day) are entitled to vote in the primary election' to be -held Saturday,August 2.SECOND CROP SEED POTATOES.Fine lot of the second crop ofIrish. Cobbler Seed Potatoes. Phonein you order .now.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)oA VOTE FOR BOSWORTH WILLMEAN MUCH TO THE DEM-OCRATIC PARTYVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his intimatefriends are workers at the polls at allregular elections. The party needsthese kind of men for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. He is. efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3t)SPECIAL REGISTRATION FIGURESThe special registration conducted Saturday in the office of CountyClerk Paton, resulted in. a total of116 registered voters, of whom 109were Democrats, and seven Republicans. The majority of those registered were returned soldiers, whohas "been in the overseas or campservice in America when the regularregistration was held. Not much interest was manifested in the registration i i i ' ' ,i 'mCw i9iSrJJrBUYS PARIS STORE.Mr Charles P. Mann has disposedof the Racket Store in this city, toMr. Bruce M. Tune, of Carlisle, whowill come to Paris some. time in theearly part of August to take charge.Mr. Tune has been city mail carrierin. Carlisle for some months. Hisplace will be filled by Mr. D. B. Barnett, Jr. ,Mr. Mann will devote his entiretime to the business of the Paris Realty Company, and the Lee-Kent OilCompany, of this city, of Which he isGeneral Sales Manager. Mr. Howard B. Carr, who has been associatedwith Mr. Mann in conducting theRacket Store, has gone into the insurance business.. oTO ADMINISTER ESTATESIn the'County Court, Judge Batterton appointed Mrs. Lydia B. Conway,of Paris, as administratrix of the esot nf thft late W. H. H. Johnson.Mrs. Conway accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in thesum of'$3.5G0. with Virgil D. Chandler, "Harold Johnson and Miss SueJohnson as sureties.Mr. Charles B. Layson, of Millersburg, was appointed administrator ofthe estate of Col. William Layson,who died some time ago, at his homenear Millersburg. Mr. Layson quali' fied for the trust hy furnishing bondin the sum of $20,000, with CharlesMartin as surety. The Court appointed the following to appraise theestate: Charles Martin, D. B. Clarkeand J. F. McDaniel.Mr. W. F. Martin was appointedexecutor of the late Mr. J. H. Martin, who died recently at his homenear this city. Mr. Martin furnishedbond in the sum of $5,000, with Mr.Leslie Wheeler as surety.Mr. George Lewis Payne is aguest this week of Judge and Mrs.Louis Haggard, in Winchester.Mrs. Dan Jordan and son, William, were guests of friends and relatives in Mt. Sterling, Sunday andyesterday.Mrs. J. W. Hayden and daughter, Miss Josephine Hayden, have returned from a stay at Crab OrchardSprings.Mrs. John H. Moran, of Paris, isassisting in the operating room ofthe Anchorage exchange of the HomeTelephone Company.Richmond Daily Register: "MissBettie May Dyehouse entertained anumber of her friends in honor ofher cousin, Miss Mary Mulfinger, ofParis."Mrs. Charles Miles McKinlay hasarrived from her home in Leonia,New Jersey, for a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Volney Ferguson,near Paris.Misses May D. Alexander andrviancy Wynne, ot Cincinnati, areguests of Misses Luna Duffey, onLink avenue, and Nancy Metzger, ofParrish avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Letton andMr. and Mrs. Wm. W. Hinton havereturned to their homes near Parisafter a two-weeks' stay at CrabOrchard Springs.Miss Martha Rymell, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest of her sister MissElizabeth Rymell, at the home oftheir aunt, Mrs. Bettie Brown, onSouth Main street.Miss Macie Saloshin left Sundayfor Boonesboro, where she will be amember of a camping party beingentertained by Miss Elizabeth Jackson, of Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Cook andchildren and Mr. and Mrs. E. C.Cleveland and family have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. RoyBishop, near Versailles.Mrs. Clay Sutherland, of Paris,was one of the guests Friday at abridge party given in Winchester byMrs. J. Curtis Lary, in honor of herguest, Miss Inco Morgan.Miss Margaret Hill has returnedfrom a pleasant visit to Misses Elizabeth and Alice Barbour, at the homeof their parents, Mr. and Mrs. LeeBarbour, near Louisville.Dr. S. W. Walker, of Sutherland,Fla., is a guest of the Hotel Windsor.Dr. Walker is spending some weeksin Central Kentucky in the interestof the Sutherland College, of whichhe is president.Mr. and Mrs. Edward C. Abbington, of Indiana, who have been visiting the latter's sisters, Mrs. KirbyMuir and Mrs. Tevis Wilkerson, inFayette county, are now guests ofj Mr. and Mrs. Newton Taylor, nearParis, for a ten-days' stay.Mr. John Mattox, of the Beach-nut Products Co., is in Canajoharie,New York, attending a convention ofthe Beechnut salesmen. This is ananual event lasting ten days, duringwhich time the salesforces are givena general good time by the Beechnutpeople. iMr, and Mrs. Willam Dale anddaughter, Miss Lillian Dale, and Mr.and Mrs. Ray Harris returned Saturday from a delightful auto tripthrough Ohio and Michigan, visitingall the principal points of interest,including Cleveland, Buffalo, NiagaraFalls and Detroit.Miss Mary Gorey is hostess ather home in this city to two of herclassmates at the Nazareth Academy,Misses Ann Elizabeth Rivers, of Lexington, and Edith Klapheke, of Louisville. Misses Gorey and Klaphekehave recently returned from a visitto Miss Rives, in Lexington.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary of the Epworth League workin the Methodist church, left Sunday for Lake Junaluska, North Carolina, where he will attend the meeting of Field Secretaries. He willalso take the slimmer training coursein leadership work. He will be goneabout three weeks.Miss Helen Bannister, formerlya member of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, has accepted a position asinstructor in physical -training andas athletic coach at Hamilton College, in Lexington. Miss Bannisterhas had two very successful years ofteaching experience in the ParisHigh School, where she developed anunusually good basketball team. Sheis a graduate of the New Haven,Conn., School of Physical Education.A postcard to THE NEWS fromMr. John Sauer, who, with Mrs.Sauer, and family, is touring theWest on a vacation trip, reads as follows:"We are in Denver enjoying ourselves and reveling in this fine oldWestern climate. We certainly enjoy reading THE BOURBON NEWS.Please forward it now to San Francisco, Call., where we will be in afew days. Denver is a wonderfulcountry but, oh, you good old Kentucky!" Miss Mary Kenney Webber, ofParis, was one of the guests at adinner given in the Phoenix Hotel,by Mrs. Albert Sidney Hart, of Mt.Sterling, in compliment to the houseguests of her daughter, Miss LauraHart. Miss Webber was also a guestat the five hundred party given inhonor of the same party by Miss JuliaRodman, at her home in Mt. Sterling.The visitor's prize was presented toMiss Webber. Mr. and Mrs. JudsonAnderson entertained with a dinner-dance for the party, Miss Webberalso being one of the guests.Judge Charles A. McMillan is inLouisville on legal business.The Boonesboro bathing beachhad its usual large attendance fromParis and Bourbon county Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddle andMr. and Mrs. R. W. Strother have returned from a visit to relatives inWaynestown, Ind.Messrs. John M. Stuart, RichardWelling, Jno. C. Clay and Robt. Shealeft Sunday for an extended stay atFrench Lick Springs.Miss Lillian Mason is visitingfriends in Washington, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Baldwin andson, Harry Baldwin, Jr., have returned from a visit to Mr. James Baldwin, in Lynchburg, Va.Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Clay andMr. Jos. W. Davis, Jr., of Paris, attended the dance in Frankfort lastweek given by the Susanna HartShelby Chapter, D. A. R., in SowerHall. The affair was given for thebenefit of the O'Bannon Fund, andwas a decided success financially andsocially.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oA VOTE FOR BOSWORTH WILLMEAN MUCH' TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTYVVgMwwMiiMiWiMMcijaMMMggM3'.'.lvawi.'aVMiViBBThe Greatest Values Ever Offered the Public of Bourbon County ISi xn oxi'siVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his intimatefriends are workers at the polls-at allregular elections. The party needsthese kind of men for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3t)Notice!All persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to the Templin LumberCo., prior to January 1, 1919, willplease call at the office and settle atonce, as we now must close the oldfirm's business.(22-2t) T. T. TEMPLIN.LostBetween Blue Lick Springs andParis, a leather hand bag containingclothing and others articles. Finderwill be rewarded by returning sameto W. A. THOMPSON,(22-tf) 1313 High St., Paris, Ky.THE FAIRSATURDAY ONLYWe are offering values that meanbig opportunities for thrift substantial savings on the things you wantand the things you must have.UFirst quality 12-qt. Grey Enamelled Lipped Preserving Ketles, 12-qt. size, Special .98cBlue Enameled Dish Pans, each14qt. -size, each. . 98cBlue Enamelled Seamless Water Pails, full 10-qt. each.. 98cBlue Enamelled Coffee Pots,4-qt size, each 98cPure White Enamelled BastingSpoons, 9 and 10-inch CakePans, 1-pint Long HandledDippers, your choice for. . . .15cEnamelled Steel Milk Cans,. 2 and4-qt. size, at . .49c and 69cRoyal Steel Acid Proof Preserving Kettle, will hold 8gallons, each 39cFine Quality .Envelopes, regular 10c, now ... . -5c a packageExtra Qualitylets, 3 for .writing Tab-10cFancy Decorated Crepe Paper,regular , 15c quality, perroll .. .'.6cCombination Knives, for paring,slicing and carving fruitsand vegetables of all kinds,a 25c article, for. . . 10c-gallon Stone Pitchers, at. . . ,23cChange-in-Business Sale! 1Our Entire Stock of Ready-to-Wear and DryGoods Sacrificed For Immediate Clearance - IA Few of the Many Sayings Offered in This Sale jiLadies' SuitsOne lot Suits, $25, $30, 135,Suits, $39.50, atSuits, 50.00, atSuits, 60.00, at69.50, atSuits,$16.98. 27,5034.7545.0049.50Ladies' Silk and GeorgetteDressesLadies' Dresses, $39.50, at.Ladies' Dresses, 49.50, at.Ladies' Dresses, 75.00, at.$29.5039.5059.50Ladies' Wash DressesLadies' Wash Dresses, $12.50 .... $ 9.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 15.00 ... . 1 2,98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 19.75 ... . 1 6.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 25. 00 19.75Children's White DressesChildren's Dresses, $3.50, atChildren's Dresses, ,4.50, atChildren's Dresses, 7.50. atChildren's Dresses, 10.00, at.$2.983.985.988.48Children's Dresses, 12.50, at 1 0.98Children's Gingham Dresses$2.00 Dresses at $ 1 .69$3.00Dresses at 2.59$5.00Dresses at 4.49$6.00 Dresses at 5.48Dolmans and Capes at Greatly ReducedPrices. Very Few Prices.MillineryLadies9 HatsLot No. 1, worth up to $5.00, at. . . .$1 .OOLot No. 2 2.48Lot No. 3 4.98Lot No. 4 6.98Ladies' Skirtsladies' Skirts. $10.00. at $ 7.98Ladies' Skirts, 15.00. at 1 2.98Ladies' Skirts, 20.00, at 1 6.98ILadies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies' WaistsWaists, $1.50, atWaists, 2.00, atWaists, 2.50, atWaists, 3.00, atWaists. 3.50, atWaists, 4.00, atWaists, 5.00. atWaists,Waists,$1.1.. 2;. 2.. 2.. 3.. 4.6.00 and $6.50, at 47.50, at 5Waists, 10.00, at 7Waists, 12.50, at 9Waists, 15.00, at 12Waists, 17.50, at 1419.69;19.59.98.39.29.98.989898.98.981Ladies' Hose25c quality '. . .19c50c quality 39c75c quality 59cChildren's Middy DressesChildren's Dresses, $5.50, at $4.98Children's Dresses, 6.00, at 5.39iVa a1THIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH ! NO CREDIT!Absolutely Nothing Taken Back, Exchanged or Sent on ApprovalDuring This Sale.:m1Beautify your HomKwin) ourNew(StylishWallPapers.&S&&K JSsL I-gallon China Pitchers, at. . . .33cJust a few Decorated Plates,at .' 10c each1-gallo Milk Crocks, at,.19J2c eachAbout 75 odd China Cups, yet onsale, at 5c eachFine Stationery 24 Sheets Paper, 24 Envelcpes in a box.Scotch Standard, 'Linen Finish,Correspondence Cards, and24 Envelopes in a box, yourchoice, a splendid bargain,at . ..15c a boxs0FP3a f SmST'eMwWWW IHSF ASpecial Big Bargain in Toilet(Silk Tissue) Paper, weighsalmost 24 ounces, a roll..-22COther kinds, at 5c a rollSaturday Afternoon CandySpecial x Fruit JellySponge, Jelly Cubes, Turkish Dainties, afternoononlyv at. 19c a poundTHE FAIRTake a look at your old papers on the Walt ardthen come in and look at our new, up-to-date Wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs"lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms.Be sanitary and beautify your home for yourfamily's sake. And you may have visitors.Buy your wall paper and things from us andknow it is right.s-.V-: '4THE 3. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor. Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking1- - -PAGE SIX'sditfaiysjwBsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTB'OTESDAY JULY 22t 11, VLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecoats only a few cents.AMERICAN IS HONOREDAIRPLANE PATROLFOR FOREST FIRESFederal Forest Servicers MakingExperiments With ArmyMachines.if I: Bag of Peanuts;; By ALDEN CHAPMAN j!Carries Swofcl of HonorShakespeare Parade.inI p1 It7f! ftI I11G IX.III JVfink sWith your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittleat any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness.No humbug!Truly!(T-tf)BEAD METER WITH CAMERA.Photographic reading of electric,gas and water meters has been made- possible through the development ofa special camera recently introducedfor the use of public utility companies. The reason for making meter readings in this manner is toobviate errors and disputes, as wellas to save time and labor, says anillustrated story in the Popular Mechanics Magazine. The apparatus ismade -in the form of an oblong box,provided with a high-grade lens anda simple automatic shutter whichpermits the time of exposure to bevaried from one-fifth to one-half second, according to working conditions.Four minature tungsten lamps provide sufficient light for photographing meter dials. Roll films "permitting seventy-five exposures are usedin the device, while the chamber forcarrying two additional spools is provided. In making readings with theinstrument the front opening of thecamera is -pressed against a meterdial and -a small lever moved. 'Thisaction automatically turns on thelight, opens and closes the shutter,and finally extinguishes the lamps.After each exposure the operatingleyer locks automatically againstmovement until the film has beenwound preparatory for another photograph. SUMMERCOMPLAINTRELIEVED.QUICKLY"About two years ago when suffering from a severe attack of summercopiplaint, I took Chemberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy and it relieved me almost instantly," writes Mrs.Henry Jewett, Clark Mills, N. Y. Thisis an excellent remedy for colic andt diarrhoea and should be kept athand by every family.(july-adv)o'GIANT ROOSTER EELLS MAN(Tyringham Dispatch to the BostonAmerican.)Selectman Ahab Babbitt was setupon, knocked down and nearly kicked into insensibility Ijy a giganticRhode Island Red oockrel belonging- to the prize flock of Brookville Farm.The accident occurred on the Stateroad in front of the farm, and Mr.Babbitt was found beside the roadwith "his chest severely lacerated andtaken home. He is said to be on theway to recovery and the viciouscockerel that attacked him to be stillat large.oHOW BATTLES ABE PAINTEDPrance, in order to preserve theacts of heroism of her soldiers, hassent many of her best artists to thefront. Among them is Charles Fouqueary, noted principally for his marine paintings. To an interviewer forCartoons Magazine M. Fouqueray explained how he worked."I keep," he said, "two or threemiles in the rear, and when the fighting is over, I rush to the battlefield,make quick sketches of various pointsbefore the bodies and the debris haveyet been removed; and the soldierswho have taken part in the battleexplain to me the positions and thevery attitude of the fighters, ofteneven mimicking them before me, andpointing out on my sketch thechanges I ought to make.", oAPPOINTMENTS ARE MANYA number of appointments haveecently been made at the Experiment Station. In order that thepublic may know who is who whenwriting for information, the editor isgiving these appointments below:W." W. Dimock, Head of Department Veterinary" Science; John O.Barkman, Instructor in Dairy Manufactures; M. B. Kroft, Extension.Specialist in Farm Management; J.-C. Grimes, Assistant in Husbandry;Mary B. Sweeny, Head of Department of Home Economics; ThomasCooper, Director df Extension Division; T. R, Bryant, and Geoffrey Morgan, Assistant Director of Extension; A. J. SteinerInstructpr,,qf Veterinary Science, and N. R. Elliott, incharge of Extension Specialists.First Time in History Foreigner HasTaken Part in StratfordCeremony.London. A very graceful compliment was paid to the United Statesin general and the American army inparticular when the mayor of Strat-ford-on-Avoninvited Col. F. F. Longley to carry the sword of honor in iheannual parade to the Stratford church."This is the first time in the historyof the town that a citizen of a foreign nation has been asked to takesuch -a leading part in this annualceremony.Over thirty American officers, whoare residing at Stratford-on-Avonwhile taking instruction in variousbranches of learning, were also inited to take part in the parade, andthey formed a guard of honor for themayor and town councillors.Sir Sidney Lee, chairman of thetrustees of Shakespeare's birthplace,had invited several noted Americansto Stratford for a week-end visit,among the guests being John A. Stewart and Maj. and Mrs. L. L. Seaman,representing the Sulgrave institution(American branch) ; Col. Longley andrepresentatives of the United Statesnavy, A. D. Flower, mayor of Stratford, and Sir Frank Benson assistedin receiving the guests, and it wassuggested that they should be invitedto take part in the ceremonial paradeto the church.The dean 'of Exeter preached themormon, and he referred to the presence of the Americans. All the municipal officers of the town were present in full regalia, and the quamtand unique sight was thoroughly enjoyed by the visitors and guests.PUT WOODEN LEG ON COWRemarkable Operation Performed inEnglish Hospital Where AnimalsAre Treated.Camden Town, Eng. One of themost remarkable hospitals In the worldis that of the Royal Veterinary collegehere, where more than 5,000 animalsare treated every year at a cost ofover $30,000 per annum.It is a most palatial edifice, and contains a pharmacy and operating theater, sick stables, Turkish and electricbaths, and a ward capable of accommodating eighty or more in-patients.Horses with broken legs are provided with a singularly ingenious appliance for the! purpose of giving absolute rest while in an upright position.This consists of a sling or hammockthree feet broad, which passes underthe stomach and Is hauled taut bymeans of ropes and pulleys, thus taking all weight off the limbs, the injured one of which is bound in ironsplints and fastened with leatherstraps."Advice gratis" is daily given topoor men respecting the physical condition of their ponies or donkeys, anddogs and cows are also treated. Oneof the latter, by the way, was a veritable curiosity a fine young Alderneywhich had been kicked by a vicioushorse while grazing in a meadow. Thefracture was so serious the limb wasamputated and a wooden one substituted, the latter being kept In positionby means of broad body straps.ACTS TO HALT BAD CHECKSPennsylvania Legislature MakesIssuance of Worthless DraftMisdemeanor.thePhiladelphia. Issuers of worthlesschecks will find new perils from nowon In practicing that method of fraud.. A law has been placed upon the statute books of Pennsylvania defining theissuance of a worthless check as amisdemeanor. Hereafter, under Itsprovisions, not only will be Issuing ofa ";io account" check, or one of thekind which returns with the -Inscription"not suff," be punishable, but thenew law says, "the mere fact of making, drawing or delivering such a checkwill be prima facie evidence of intentto defraud," unless the drawer makescood the amount of the check with interest within ten days.For the person who draws andutters a worthless check for an amountless than $20 the penalty on convictionis .$100 fine or 30 days' imprisonment,hile for the drawer of a check formore than 20 the imprisonment istwo years.TO USE WOMEN AS POLICEEfficient Work Done in England During War Wins Place forThem In Peace.London. The question v of appointing women as police officers was recently brought before the Manchesterwatch committee when a deputationfrom the Council -of Christian Congregations waited upon the committee andsuggested that in view of the efficientwork of women as police, park-keepersand patrols the committee shouldappoint and, if necessary, send fortraining suitable women for servicein the police force.The Manchester Guardian reportsthat the Bolton watch committee hasdecided toapDont, four women constables for duty in the borough. Theywill .wear .uniforms .and.will patrol thestreets, chiefly in the Interests ofwomen, girls and children.FORESTER TELLS ABOUT TRIPGives Interesting Account of Experiences Together with Observations -asto Feasibility of ThisMethod of Fire Detection.Washington, D. C. Airplane fire patrol of the national forests by armymachines was begun as an experimentfor the forest service recently. Thefirst report from a forester has justcome to headquarters here after anexciting observation flight from MatherField made over the southern patrolroute in California, covering portionsof the Eldorado and Stanislaus forestpreserves.The trip was taken by Assistant District Forester How for the collection ofdata as to the feasibility of this novelmethod of fire detection ; what shouldbe done to fight the flames, if possible from the plane; how alarms mayprdmptly be given ; what style of planeor balloon is best adapted, and whatadditional apparatus may be necessaryto make successful this attempt atmore effectually safeguarding remoteond Inaccessible stretches of practically unexplored country from thescourge which annually destroys thousands upon thousands of acres of limber rapidly becoming well nigh price-" Tells Stirring Tale. -ForesterHow not only covers allthese Interesting points, but tells astirring tale of adventure in doing so.After describing his preparations forthe trip, he continues:"My pilot was Sergeant McKee, whois one of the army flying instructors.The plane we used was a Curtiss JM-1with an OX-5 motor. There are no controls in front, so all I had to do wasto sit strapped to my seat. We started about nine o'clock. I had heard somuch of persons becoming nauseatedthat I was expecting to feel funny, butI never had that kind of a symptom.My impression was that we were standing still, when In fact we were going70 miles an hour. We flew up theAmerican valley to Placerville; thenceto Chinese, ten miles southeast of Sonora. "On the trip we saw five fires, all ofwhich were outside of the forest boundaries. The largest was near Placerville and had been burning a week."The country is so rugged that alanding could not have been made tofight a fire without a crash. The pilotagreed to this and steered to the westof the peak instead of to the east, andby doing this, we missed seeing someof the country the patrol is expectedto cover. A forest patrol by aircraftis more hazardous than the flying thatis usually done."My pilot made me understand thatour trip scared him more than anyother trip he had ever made, simplybecause he could not make his planeattain the elevation necessary for relative safety. He said he would take nomore passengers in the future. Toac so would mean that he could coveronly portions of. the forest which couldbe seen from the lookout points.Getaway Extremely Difficult."In landing at Chinese for luncheonwe broke our tail skid, but were ableto replace It. Our getaway was extremely difficult, and I did a heap ofthinking. Returning, we made a direct flight to Mather Field at an elevation of 6,000 feet. When about halfway the pilot said he was going tomake a straight dip. He had madea series in the morning of 50 to 70 feeton an angle. This time he shot downfor 500 feet."This was quite thrilling, but nothing to the tail spin he put the machine through in descending to MatherField. I had no warning and felt asif we were going down a series ofcorkscrew curves at a terrific rate. Theearth looked like an ocean during aheavy sea. We dropped 1,500 feet inthis manner and then gracefully volplaned to the field within a hundredfeet of the hangar. Our total flighttime was about four hours and the distance covered 250 miles."Fires have already been detectedfrom airplanes that have not beenpicked up by the lookout man. Thereis no question Jn my mind that it isthe most feasible method vof promptfire detection., I believe, however, thatthe expense of establishing such a patrol would be prohibitive for the forest service.'T am convinced more than ever thatthe dirigible with helium gas will be,cne type or snip we shall use in the future. I predict that within five yearsour present system of lookout patrolwill practically be a thing of the pastand also that the suppression of forestfires will commence Immediately afterdiscovery. In other words, the firefighting forces will accompany the observer in a dirigible. When a fire isdiscovered one or two men will climbdown and put it out. There will thenbe different methods of fire suppression than we now use. It will be possible to carry large tanks of water andmotors to pumD it on a fire. Chemicals, perhaps, may also be used."Real. Heroines.. K ,Oklahoma City, Okla. -Eleven hero-Jne w$re listed lor 3obsvbythe fed-enu employment Dureau here. Theywant to cook for harvest "hands."(Copyright. 119, by the Wester Newspaper Union.)Warren Dole.drove o delivery wagonwith the same vim, abandon and enjoyment that he would have exercisedhad It been a chariot. He had openedhis eyes wide, in the midst of keenpleasures and great expectations, aletter had come from an Indulgentuncle apprizing him of the fact thata great flood had swept away theplant upon which he depended forhis revenue."Coming on to stand by your sideand work tooth and nail for you,"wrote the loyal-souled Warren, but hereceived a reply, prompt and final:"Stay where you are and make aman of yourself. There are too manygathering up the wreck of my fortune already."Then Warren went the rounds of hisfriends clearly apprised of the difference between an heir expectant anda pauper without even a position, soldoff his bachelor belongings and removed from a sumptuous suite to asmall room in a cheap quarter. Hesent the proceeds to his uncle andstarted out to face life with a capitalcomprising perfect health anda clearconscience.Warren chuckled as he drove a littlecovered delivery wagon the first dayof his acceptance of the only job thatcame his way. He possessed a raresense ot humor and the quaintness ofhis position amused him. In the backof the wagon was a great wooden boxUULUlslJll&JSSl& bushels and bushelsof crisp salted peanuts. Warren wasIn fact one of a numerous group whowent around daily and filled the glasspenny-In-the-slot machines which held"Grigson's Famous One Cent Lunches."The machines were set wherever therewas a likelihood of the passer-by beingattracted by the fact that the expenditure of a mere cent would secure atoothsome handful of the anomalousIresh salted peanuts.One of the most ardent of the customers of the luxury was Benny Lee.He had acquired a penny one morningand had started out early to invest inhis favorite esculent. Warren, on hisway to headquarters to secure hisdaily supply, saw the little fellow approach a corner machine, insert "hispenny in its slot and turn the supplycontrolling knob. No result the glasscontainer was empty! Little Bennyshook the machine, pounded it, a lookof distress on his face, and he beganto cry. Warren pulled up promptly."Empty, my little man," he spoke."Now hop up here beside me, and I'llsee that you get the most famouspenny's woitfh of peanuts any boy everhappened onto."It was less than a mile to the warehouse, and once arrived there Warrengave Benny a big paper bag and ledhlra to a chute."Hold It under the end here," directed the big-hearted Warren, andBenny's eyes bulged as at the touch ofa lever the chute disgorged a torrentof peanuts, filling the bag to overflowing. Within an hour Benny was backhome with his wonderful story of areal living Santa Claus and his wonderful treasure.It was that same afternoon thatWarren Dole, passing a tree-shadedyard near to the point where he hadmet little Benny, halted tcfsurvey ascene that. did his heart good. Seatedon the grass were nearly a dozen littlechildren, andoiear them wooden platesheaped high with peanuts. Benny wasin view as host of the happy coterie,while near by, dishing out lemonade,was a graceful, sweet-faced girl, unmistakably his sister. ."Oh, there's my friend I" cried Benny, and bolted for the fence. Theyoung lady followed him, for Bennyhad seized her skirt and insisted on anIntroduction to '.'the, bestest man Inthe world," and when a few minuteslater Warren pursued his way, it waswith a lovely face dancing before hismental vision.It got to be so before the month wasover that Warren Dole called frequently at the home of Adrienne Weston. He had come to learn thnt thpgrizzled, harsh-featured man he occasionally saw about the place was Benny's father and Adrleune's stepfather.Mr. Weston was a drinker, treated thetwo with little kindness, and Warrenwith a jealous pane learned thnt hpwas intent on marrying Adrienne to afavorite boon companion whom Adrienne detested. In tears, after she andWarren had become better acquainted,Adrienne told of her misery and herfears."My stepfather says he will takelittle Benny away from me and turnme out on the street If I do not marryhis friend," sobbed Adrienne. "Hehas got so, too, 'that, when he is indrink he abuses'both of us dreadfully,"ana trpm tne confession there grewa plan that solved; all the distress ofthe troubled Adrienne.One afternoon when the cruel stepfather was on one of his drinkingbputs an extraordinary wedding pro- JV.V.-W - -.- uic it coiuu iiiuce. warrenand Adrienne led, arm in arm, Bennycoming after, tugging at -a suitcase.There was a call upon a minister, andthen the little party took a train forthe 'old home of Warren. Por he hadreceived a letter from his uncle, informing him that out of the wrecV ofhis estate sufficient salvage had beenacquired to start his favorite, nephew,in business and mafntain a pleasanthome for all hands around."HOT WATERAT THE TURN Of THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifyingthing amongall modern household conveniences.r l iJLULiiiiufHUTOMAltVj faucet is dosed. That stops expense.GAS WATER HEATER kSS0You owe it, to your family and yourself to investigate this wonderful Automatic Water Heater. Let us show it to you.PorT. W. SPICERGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT.299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Bourbon Laundry1 DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4tI 3JP JThe Bourbon Laundryfans,The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done RightMake Your Milk Deliveries!BY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.INTERUEBAN SCHEBUIECARS LEAVELexington PorParJsrorLexingtonA. M. 6:45. M. 7:15xA. T&. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15PansA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:1011:00P. M. 12:45P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND'TEEMirAL C0MPAKYHeats the fresh water as it runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startstne nearer not water nows until theSale Byi2CIXJ?:sBWest Fifh Street11IISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!j With all the latest improvements in launary aDDiiancesand expert helpers we- 'are 2prepared to do work infe- Irior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.IKentucky xA Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat4-2-vM50cthe yard.'JTWIN BROS.7th and Main Parts, Ky.I-tuStTUESDAY, JULY 22, 1919.THE BOTOBOH NEWS. PAHS, KENTUCKYTA8RSKTEMUHSLE SAM SAYS SO.Uncle Sam is worried over theprice the housekeeper is paying forbeef. Uncle Sam is so much worriedthat he has looked into the matter tofind where the blame lies. UncleSam states that the farmer is gettingi, lower price tor his cattle than lSStod"tor"lS rVice againsi T'tedid during tie war and that the manyt have been approved by Secre-packer is selling carcasses of beeffrom 15 to 29 per cent lower thanin March of this year.Prom this it would appear thatthe housekeeper must fight the retailer to get the reduced price whichafter-the-war conditions warrant.That the situation is a serious onecan be seen from what Uncle Samrecently announced for publication:"This situation is a real menaceto the farmer and to the consumingpublic as well. Many cattle raisersin response to the demand for meatproduction for the army are now maturing, and if marketed on a falling'"maiket will cause heavy loss to theproducers, with the result that declining production may be expectedin the future."oHOW IS THIS?"We offer One Hundred Dollars Regard for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on the-mucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)oITBST GUN ITRED."Fern Creek, near Louisville, stagedthe opening Farmers' 'Communitymeeting for the season. In spite ofan acute labor shortage, the evening meetings were overflow affairs.The program evidently got resultsfor the committee which handled themeeting are to have a get-togethermeeting early in August. At thattime Mr. Geoffrey Morgan of -theCollege .of Agriculture will beonhand to help them organize for great-er efficiency in community work.'LOSS OIVAPPETITE.As a general rule there is nothingserious about a loss of appetite andif you skip a meal or only eat twomeals a day for a few days you willsoon, have a relish for your mealswhen meal time comes. Bear inmind that at least five hours shouldalways elapse between meals, so asto give the food ample time to digestand the stomach a period of rest before a second meal is taken.. Then ifyou eat no more than you crave andtake a reasonable amount of outdoor exercise every day you will notneed to worry about your appetite."When the loss of appetite is causedby constipation, as is often the case,that should be corrected at once. Adose of Chamberlain's Tablets willdo it. (july-adv)oW. S. S. GIVES MAN FREEDOM.In one court in Louisville, Ky.,"War Savings Stamps put a professional bondsman, out of business inat least one instance, and proved areal saving to the holder. A striking lineman has been arrested andwas taken before a U. S. Commissioner. His bond was fixed at $500.The labor union of which he was amember had bought freely of WarSavings Stamps and $500 of thesewere pledged to answer for thestriker's appearance. The "baby"bonds" will continue to draw 4 percent, interest while they are inescrow, and no bondsman will get afat fee.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDYThis medicine always wins thegood opinion, if not the praise oft&ose who use it. Try it when you"have any need of such a remedy.(july-adv)oJLRMY NOW DEMOBILIZING TENTHOUSAND MEN DAILY.Demobilization is proceeding at aTate of more than 10,000 men perday, and the total should pass the3,000,000 mark "by July 25. A WarDepartment report showed 2,847,686 officers and men discharged,with some camps yet to be heardfrom. Enlistments have begun tohow the impetus of the department'sadvertising campaign. The total isnow 75,000.PACKARD MOTOR CAR COMPANY .7 Cumulative Preferred StockEARNINGSPresent Earnings nearly six times new Interest requirements of this Preferred Stock.SINKING FU NDAnnual Sinking Fund equal to 5 of Net Earnings.PROTECTIVE PROVISIONNo mortgage on plant without the consent of the majority of preferredstockholders. The Company has no bonded debt and no dividend can bepaid on the common stock unless quick assets are 150 of liabilities.PRICE 100 and accrued dividend to yield 7.TdtvkMerfcrt A RIUC P UTII I CH1I C.PA OIAC C:iL I Jis. Ml- V-J atmrexpMM. itaiHUv ff lLtJUJUUPLANS PERFECTED POft REOR-GAIZINtx NATIONAL GrUAKUWASHINGTON, July 21. Finalplans for the reorganization of theNational Guard on the sixteen-divi-airnibasis, with divisional areas fol-'lowing ; the .same ! limits i as did thosetary Baker.Notifications were sent to the various adjutant generals of the unitsallotted to their states and of thereadiness of the federal governmentto extend recognition after the required inspection had been made.The organization table announcedin the plan provides for forty-sevenregiments and eighteen battalions ofinfantry; six regiments, seventeensquadrons and nineteen troops ofcavalry; ten regiments, twenty battalions and seven batteries of fieldartillery and seventy-four coast artillery companies, with additionalforces of engineers, sanitary andsignal corps.A maximum expansion to about440,000 men, or 800 per each senator and congressman, is providedfor, but the units for the time beingare to be organized on the basis of65 men per company of infantry, asappropriations for the NationalGuard for the fiscal year of 1920permit only the organization of theguard on the basis of 200 men foreach senator and representative, giving an aggregate strength of about106,000.Kentucky's reorganized guard willhave one regiment and one battalionof infantry; one squadron of cavalry;one machine gun troop; one battalionof field artillery; one field hospitalcompany and one ambulance company. Other state allotments show thatNew York, because of its preponderance in population, will have the biggest part in the reorganized guard,six full regiments of field troops andtwelve companies of coast artilleryhaving been assigned to that state.Pennsylvania is authorized tomaintain four full regiments in addition to auxiliary troops, while Illinois is given three complete regiments and Massachusetts two.The assignment to Texas of sixfull regiments of cavalry besides fourother regiments and auxiliaries, wasconsidered significant.DON'T BELAY.Some Paris Peopje Have LearnedThat Neglect Is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That nain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches and(dizzy spells; that weak, weary, worn-out feeling, may be nature's warning!of kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by negiecting these symptoms?Reacn the cause of the trouble whilethere yet is time begin treating:your kidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used in thousands of cases of kidney trouble forover 50 years. Doan's Kidney Pillsare used and recommended throughout the civilized world. Endorsed athome. Read Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a "good, reliable remedy. Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oDOGS USED AS RED CROSS AID.(Indianapolis News.)The Spartan and some other ancient used dogs in war and probablythis use was continued to the time ofJulius Caesar, if not later. Antony,in Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar," act3, scene 1, says, "Cry havoc, and letslip the dogs of war." The war dogswere cased in armor and wore spikedcollars on their necks.The dog Kratim as the finest representative of his race has by Mohammedan mythology been admittedinto the Mussulman heaven. Kratimwas a dog endowed with the gift ofprophecy and was the w'atcher overthe slumbers of the Seven SleepersEphesus. So that he also appears inChristian mythology.In the present great war real dogsrendered great service in Red Crosswork.As a step toward the solution ofthe delinquent girl problem, Chicagohas opened a new parental schoolfor girls.oWhen the world does settle downto peace and quiet, how it will enjoythe novelty!a.Jt 6&V u 1. 11 III. LtUUUflllC. IVY.ill Two Lovers jjBy RALPH HAMILTON i i ;04,(Copyrlcht, 1S19, by the Weatern New.paper Union.)The belle of the village, GladysMarcy, had two aspirants for herfavor upon whom she bestowed espeial attention.They were Alan Druse and MortonBayne opposites in every sense ofthe word. They had each attractedGladys and it was difficult for her todecide which appealed to her likingmost: Alan, with his flashing," funloving ways, or Morton, with a soulenwrapt in music and seeming alwaysin a poetic dream.Alan loved her, or fancied he did,and his vivacious ways bade fair inthe eyes of the gossips to outvie Morton so far as courting went. It hadbegun to dawn upon Gladys, however,that Alan was somewhat frivolous.It was all Morton with Gladys when,in the church choir at entertainments,or passing an evening in the Marcyhome he wrought from his violin bewildering witchery of harmony and expression that caused her heartstringsto quiver with a rare delight. He.vhadnever, however, hinted at anythingmore than friendship. His income wasmodest and seemed a steady one, fora number of his compositions had become generally popular and likely toremain so, and out of royalties he hadreceived he had already accumulatedseveral thousand dollars.Gladys fluttered visibly one eveningwhen Morton appeared at her homewhile Alan, was already in evidence.Somehow the manner of the latter hadindicated to her that he was on theverge of a proposal, and she had wondered how she could seek to evade adirect decision, feeling instinctivelythat she Scarcely knew her own mindas yet. A certain sullenness overspread the face of Alan as he discerned that he was not to hav Gladysexclusively for that evening at least.He looked bored as the parents insisted on some music and Morton, everaccommodating, brought out his violin.It was in the midst of a lovely so-aata that entranced all his auditorssave ""Alan that the unexpected happened. Gladys was seated by thelamp on the table when there was aquick hiss and then a sudden outburstof flame. She uttered a vivid scream,her hands went up to her face withfrantic suddenness. Alan shrank back,quite unnerved and affrighted. Morton cast aside his violin with a flingand sprang toward her, noting thatone sleeve of the light, dainty dressshe wore was all ablaze. There was asecond explosion, and he had extinguished the flaming dress when hiseyes closed with a spasm of pain.Then darkness, so utter for himselfthat he groped blindly about him."Is iGladys safe?" fell from his lipsin an eager, anxious gasp. "I cannotsee! I fear "There he paused, appalled. In vainhe strove to strain his darkened vision.It was only from the exclamations ofthe others that he could trace whatwas happening! Gladys, insensibleand sustaining frightful face burnsfrom the second explosion, himselfhelpless to assist her, the injured girlcarried to her room, a collapse on hisown part, a fading away of all consciousness, its feeble, bewildering return, and a realization that old DoctorMoore was at his side examining hiseyes."He probably saved Gladys by extinguishing her flaming dress," Mortoncaught the physician's tones, "but ata terrible cost he Is utterly blind !"It was many days before the livesof those disturbed by the startlingevent of the explosion .settled downinto the old peaceful grooves. Onlyonce did Alan Drule call at the Marcyhome. He was genuinely solicitous.A glanceJntq the next room, a sight ofGladys so shocked him that soon heleft the house, never to return. AndGladys, understanding, turned herhead on her pillow and wep.t bitterly.Then, when her nurse had left heralone, she stole to a mirror with hereyes almost affrighted as she , staggered back to the couch. Her beautywas gone! She realized now whyAlan Druse had fled as from a pestilence. It was a week later that MortonBayne knew the worst. He was toldumi ins case was nopeiess. ror atime that gentle, sensitive soul wasdumb. Then In sorrow, In self-counseland prayer he emerged, chastened,patient, with a rare smile upon hisface and his mind at perfect peace."There Is music!" he whisperedraptly to himself, and then, halfdoubtlngly, but with a longing quiverin his tone: "There is Gladys to dreamof, to love, even though she neverthinks of me save as a friend."The mother of Gladys one day ledthe welcome adoreH hero who hadsaved the life of her daughter into theroom where that daughter sat. Sheleft those two afflicted ones alone,went out and closed the door. Beforethat patient face and the sightlesseyes and at a thought of what thissacrifice meant to her, Gladys impulsively extended her trembling hands tomeet the groping ones of her visitor."Morton!" she sobbed that nameonly, and her head fell upon his breast.The face of the blind man was momentarily glorified heart to heart, hecould feel the responsive thrill to hisardent own, and lo! there flooded hissoul a light that could never dim the-4radiance of lasting, perfectjove.r ! c i as BH p i o m TfTHtlfiOVRAX. AR1 j' Hi' - ij n. I! ? "- IH Ii "v If 'RUGGLESJ 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. ?, 7 lli V -v IIi II1 uII-A "" II' IInii'ii' r DOLD-TIME POKER THRIVESGOLD CAMPS OF WEST.mGold isn't dug only from .theground during the big mining excitement in Tonopah, Nevada. vIt is dugalso from the pockets by prospectorswho use' the five-card games as ameans.Poker of the stud variety, featuredby wild betting, is the engrossingnightly business in Tonopah. Theroom that holds the shiny thirty-two-footbar is deserted, for soft drinksonly can only be served, but back ofthat room another with severaltables. Around them are groupedprofessional gambler, the prospector,the small Tonopha business man andthe hard rock miner.The bets are large. Red chips are50 cents, blue ones $1 and orangeones cost $5 each. Pots running upto $500 are won' and lost with a speedthat would stir the blood of the"pennyant" crowd in a cautiouscommunity.The game keeper belongs to the,old school of the West when thingswere wilder. With his hat tossedsidewise on his thick black hair, andwearing a loud checkered shirt, hedeals the cards while a big diamondflashes from his right hand. Fromthe. corner of his mouth hangs acigarette. This dealer every nightsees, broken men leave the room, andsees some winners, too, but his facenever changes.WAYS TO BEAT THE HEAT.Get the surplus fat off your body.Keep cool mentally, "as well asphysically.Keep the head protected from thesun.Take little meat no alcohol.Do not overload and distend thestomach with sweet, "fizzy" drinksthat only increase thirst.Slightly acid drinks, such as unsweetened orangeade, lemon juice andwater, are more thirst quenching.Get enough sleep.Don't talk about the heat.Don't read about the heat.Don't look at the thermometer.Try to keep. the air moving aroundyour body.Get all the fun out of the hotweather that you can, without overdoing, and remember that millionsof busy people are not letting thethermometer worry them.oGUSHER MAKES MILLIONAIRE OESTOKER ON A TRANSPORTA "millionaire stoker" i with twoyears and five months naval serviceto complete before his enlistmentruns out, arrived in New York onthe Imperator in the person of E. L.Perkins, of Eastland, Texas. Oil discovered on his farm, which his fatheris running for him, will give him anincome of $1,000,000 a year, he wastold in a message from the elderPerkins received just before the bigtransport left for Brest on her lastprevious trip.Young Perkins enlisted in theNavy in December, 1917, was assigned to the transport side and laterwas sent into the Imperator's engineroom for duty as a coal passer. Afew weeks ago, a six thousand barrelgusher was discovered on the farmand drillers have started boring sevenother wells, he has been notified.The coal passer millionaire will nottry to get out of his navy enlistment,he said, and'will use the money "forthe benefit of the world and Christithe MccormickImprovedmJ5W5IfTTfr -m-ammM-rw-r-nimwtm-Trrmrirmr?rr"JWW-TmKwmi mm 'n jrrr imuTi. r ia1? a.mismsHSBffSaBsssamsssgBaiWBmssM'Sa&v-rytJM--x'ss:;'fir-Jr b i rmmrm k --. - - --- -.- -Save Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyby using the Improved MoCormick Mower. It does thework and does it right. MoCormick users have notrouble or worry.C. S. Ball Garage- Pourth and Pleasant Streets,The Home Telephone Your Servant,For Only a Few Cents Per DayLet U3 analyze his qualifications: He Is polite, Intelligent wiHimralways on duty, day or night. " 'He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In mtrgtMylHe will go far beyondthe confines of the town and bring to you IB'amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers. -- 7He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket In a few aevonds.And as tojwages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8a ptkday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day. 4 't 0Paris Home Telephone TelegramCompany(Incorp orated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager..,... .39L.JUi&Mowerst1 - SHsauW. H. Cannoi, LocaliV - "- ' sMAiivsTUESDAY, JULY 22, 1919.Pifil EIGHTTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO Ad., isbrs-t.Ticket 1 8c; War Tax 2c-20cTicket 9c; War Tax ic-iocTHE BPPBBOW HEWS, PARIS; KEHCTCTftIhiMmm2i-fVIrl!J 1iTO-DAY, TUESDAYBryant Washburn'Something to Do"He wanted "something to do." He had is hands full. 9Youwill have vour hands full, too, holding your sides laughing atl Bryant Washburn's antics in ''Someting to Do."William Duncanln ""iBSft "The Man of Might"and Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Before Breakfast"TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYWilliam S. HartIN'THE POPPY GIRL'S HUSBAND'He bitterly hated this woman who had betrayed him. Heresolved to brand her so that all would know that she was faithless. What surged over him and halted his thirst for revenge?Gome to see this sensational "Boston Blackie" story.Big V Comedy Healthy and Happy'and Bray PictographTHURSDAY, JULY 24th .Ladies' DayDorothy DaltonIN"Other Men's Wives"Used a cat's-paw, she scratched the wrong way.Also Arbuckle Comedy ,"FATTY, THE VILLAIN"and Pathe Review.: MILLERSBURGoMrs. Jos. W. Mock, of Ashland,is visiting Miss Ruth McClintock.Lexington Maid and White RoseSpecial at Caldwell's. Prices right.Mr. Gano Duncan, of Lawrenceburg, was here on business Friday.Mr. William Talbott, of Atlanta,Ga., is the guest of relatives here.Mr. J. W. Hodge, of Macon, Ga.,is- a guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. Wm. D. Mclntyre.Mr. Roy Endicott has returnedto Cincinnati, after a visit to friendsand relatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. William Peed, ofLexington, were guests of Mrs. RuthPeed and daughter, Friday.Messrs. J. C. Cumber and HenryBowling left Sunday for a two-weeks'sojourn at Swango Springs.N The store room of Mr. R .M."Caldwell has undergone a fresh coatol aint during the past week.-Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught, ofImanapolis, Ind., are guests of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mr. J. B. Cray left Saturday fora. two-weeks' visit to his daughter,Mrs. J. C. Auxier, at Edinburg, Ind.See the nice line of overalls atCaldwell's. Special bargains and can"be purchased cheaper than elsewhere.We are still selling shoes cheaper than any one else. Call, inspectand you are sure to buy.ijJfH-M R. M. CALDWELL.' Mr. B. S. Bass, of Royse, Virginia, is a guest of his brother-in-law,Rev. W. W. Morton, and Mrs.Morton. i -- GkiMiss Mary Emily Donaldson, ofG'arrolton, Ky., and Miss KatherineGa!e, of Ohio, are guests of Miss Carolyn Mclntyre.Miss Alma Duke Jones, who hasbeen in the Quartermaster's Department of the War Department at.Washington, D. C, for the past year,returned home Friday.Mr. Bayles DeBell was in Lex-rton. Sunday and Monday, at theTHISCAPS QTHE CLIMAXACUTE TRICKERY.OP'Tis a funny world, an investigation of the police department broughtout in Lexington recently.Following reports that buckets ofblackberries were being sold withonly a layer an inch in depth on thetop of the bucket and that the remainder was filled with sacks, rocks,sawdust and anything else thatmight have been available, the department came upon Chester Dawson,who was in charge of a truck-load ofthe berries.Dawson had brought the berriesall the way from Log Lick, in Clarkcounty, to dispose of them in Lexington and did not know the contentsof the buckets was other than berriesuntil several had been sold. Theman who owned the berries had hired several persons to pick them, paying them by the bucket. It was thepickers, he said, that perpetrated thecamouflage. The police were satisfied Dawson was not to blame.The money was refunded to thosepurchasing the "phony" buckets, butDawson, was convinced he was upagainst hard luck in hauling twentybuckets of rocks to Lexington. Therest of the load, about fifty bucketsin all, were all right and all thebuckets were filled with honest-to-goodnessberries and sold rapidly.DEATHS.KISSICKRussell Hord Kissick, aged threemonths, died Friday at the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kissick, near Little Rock. The funeralwas held in the cemetery at BunkerHill, with a short service conductedat the grave.RAINBOW DIVISION BAND ATTHE BLUEGRASS EAIRThe Rainbow Division Band will beseen daily every day and eveningduring the Blue Grass Fair, is composed of forty-five members, including six buglers and three vocalists.This organization accompanied thefamous Rainbow Division in sevenbattles on the other side and sincereturning to this country has playedJ to many thousands.MARSHALL.Mrs. Nancy Jane Marshall, agedseventy-one, widow of the late Mr.Joshua Marshall, one of the pioneerresidents of the Centreville vicinity,who died about fifteen years ago,died at the home of her daughter,Mrs. Homer Maybrier, near Hutchison, yesterday morning, after a longillness due to carcinoma.The funeral will be held at theMaybrier residence, this (Tuesday)afternoon, at 2:00 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The pall-bearers will be Jos. Connor,John Buckley, Omar Kennedy, William Saylor, Pat Ryan and RufusKennedy.Mrs. Marshall is survived by threedaughters, Mrs. Eliza Maybrier andMrs. Homer Maybrier, of this county,and Mrs. Sallie Gaunce, of Harrisoncounty, and one sister, Mrs. MaryTownsend, of Harrison county.BREEDERS' EUTURITY CLOSESWITH 483 NOMINATIONSThe nenewal of the Breeders' Futurity for 1921 closed July 1 with483 nominations, a list of which wasrecently given out by Manager Robt.L. Baker, of the Kentucky JockeyClub Lexington track.Ninety-five breeders and ownerscomprise the list of nominators andthey are residents of the States ofKentucky, New York, Pennsylvania,Virginia, Maryland, California, Missouri, Texas, the District of Columbia and the Dominion of Canada.Edward F. Simms, of Paris, names26, the get of Short Grass, Delhigh,Vulcan, Dick Finnell, Ultimus, JackAtkin, Yankee, McGee, The Cock,Luke McLuke and Sweep.Arthur B. Hancock, of the Claiborne Stock Farm, near Paris, hasentred eleven horsee.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTREMOVAL NOTICE.im"bedside of his daughter, MrsJeffreys, who recently underwent aserious operation at St. Joseph'sSospital.Mr. Talbott Reese and sister,Miss Bettie Rfeese, of Mayslick, Masoncounty, Miss-Lillian Wallingford, ofNepton, andMrs. Ollle Jefferson, ofParis,- werexguestaT of Mrs. LouisetWood "and family during the Chautauqua. v The furniture in the Farmers'3ank has been sold to the bank atCrab Orchard, and was taken downFriday and was shipped Saturday.The bank will continue business under difficulties in the' present quarters until August 1, after which itwill move to the dry goods store ofIngels Bros., where it will continueto operate until the -new building iscompleted.. o-The office of the Paris Water Co.has been removed to the corner ofGeo J Main and Broadway, in the Agricultural Bank building, wnere in tnefuture, all business will be transacted. Patrons' are requested to call atonce in reply to the -notices justmailed to each consumer notifyingthem of their indebtedness to ourcompany. Water bille are now duedating from July 1 to October 1,Water rents not paid in 15 days willcause your service to be discontinued.PARIS WATER COMPANY,(11-tf) Newt. Mitchell, Supt.oBLAKE.Earl Vincent Blake, aged twenty-three,formerly of Paris, died atthe St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, Saturday night, at about 12o'clock, after a short illness. Mr.Blake had been discharged from thearmy on July 8, after having beenfor the past fourteen months in theoverseas service, nine months of thetime being in Archangel, Russia.He is survived by two brothers,Michael and Jno. Blake, of Paris; fivesisters, Miss Margaret Blake, ofWinchester; Mrs. J. M. O'Geary andMrs. John Dalton, both of Lexington; Mrs. F. A. Crawford, of Centerville, this county, and Mrs. H. R.Cook, of Charlotte, North Carolina.The funeral services will be heldin St. Peter's Catholic church, inLexington, at a time to be announcedlater, pending the arrival of Mrs.Cook, his sister, from North Carolina. The burial will take place inthe Mt. Sterling Catholic Cemetery.J. A. Farrell, Division Manager ofthe Red Cross, at Washington, wasarrested as he came out of GeorgeHarvey's from a fashionable dinner,on a warrant charging him with nonsupport of the family he left behindhim in Chicago.There are black sheep in allflocks, but there are entirely toomany men of the Farrell stripe livingoff the money contributed by a generous public to a worthy cause, andnot to support such creatures insemi-idleness!MATRIMONIAL.KENTUCKLANS IN NEW YORKUNIViERSITY ARE ORGANIZED.A marrige license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton to Mr. J. M. Calvert,44, and Mrs. Amelia Dailey, 22,both of Nicholas county. This is thebride's second matrimonial venture.FEEBACK HALEY.A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the- office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Ira Haley,24, and Miss Gladys Feeback, 18,both residing near Paris. They weremarried shortly after by Judge Geo.Batterton, in his private office in thecourt house.HICKEY FIELDS.A marriage license was issuedFriday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. LeslieFields, of Seiver county, Tennessee,and Miss Ethel Huskey, of Flemingcounty. The couple were marriedshortly after by Judge George Batterton, in his private office in thecourt house. They will make theirfuture home in Fleming county.oNEW AUTO OWNERS.The Phoenix Garage, of Lexington,reports the sale of a Holmes aircooled four-door Sedan machine toMrs. Thompson H. Tarr, of Paris.At the first meeting of the Kentucky Club, Columbia UniversitySummer School, Paul B. Boyd waselected president to fill the place ofL. L. Dantzler, who has resigned.Miss M. W. Brown was chosen asMr. Boyd's successor to the office ofvice-president, and Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the ParisSchool, was elected on the ExecutiveCommittee of the Southern Club. Acommittee consisting of Miss E. M.Rankin, Miss Reba Lockhart, ofParis, and Miss M. W. Brown was appointed to make plans for the"stunts" and entertainment that areto be given near the end of the session. W. T. Harrison, J. L. Creech,of Williamsburg, D. W. Young, MissNancy Myers, Miss Helen Graft, andMiss Prudence Sayers were appointed as a committee to arrange socialgatherings.It was decided to hold regularmeetings every Monday evening at 7o'clock in 406 Hamilton Hall.REMEMBER; OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODS -INVARIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, Porch.Chairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.BLACEBERRIES NOW A LUXURY.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON & SON,Agts JectITVE HREMEN KILLED IN $100,000 EIRE IN PHILADELPHIASUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESFive firemen were killed and thirty-oneothers injured in a blaze thatdestroyed a three-story warehouse ofthe Burlap Bag Manufacturing plantof Joseph Potash & Brothers in thenorthwest section of Philadelphia.A big reduction on all summer The victims were plunged into a massoods, such as refrigerators , ou i , . . h th roof?Surr,e?oaeSAnPOS!and three was coUapsed withoutseason's goods, and of the best makes, I warning. No cause has been assignTvnf must be sold to make room for ed for the fire, which was the third infall sroods the big reductions dur- j the building in fifteen years.ing July.(1-tf)E. M.OkVHEELER.Robneel BuildingA NEAT CONTRIBUTIONAccording to the final recapitulation made by the State Commission' at Frankfort, and certified to theState Auditor's office, BourboncoiHity will turn into the Statetreasury for the year 1919 a totalof $116,127.91. The rate for countyTmraoses in the county is fiftycents, and will turn into the countytreasury for general road and schoolpurposes the sum of $141,184.26.oFAYETTE MAN GETS EISH HOOKIN EYE.While fishing in a pond nearHutchison, this county, CharlesWiley, of Lexington, sustained serious' injury to his right eye, when inmalting a cast the fishhook caught inthe optic. He was sent home in an automobile, and from tiere to the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,here he received medical attention!overThe$100,-damage is estimated at000.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanERANKEORT RESIDENCEEERS PROM EIREVISITATIONSUP-Fire of unknown origin at Frankfort destroyed the residnce of Col.Edgar Hume, chief medical directorfor the nation of Serbia, and MissEleanor Hume, both of Frankfort.The building was occupied by Appellate Judge Gus Thomas, and practically all of his household goodsand his valuable law library weredestroyed. The loss is estimated at$10,000, partially covered by insurBlackberries have come again and,while in the former years they wereJ too homely a commodity for the sub-of discourse in a society column, tney -nave now uuuume t iuauijtand a very interesting topic even tothe idle rich. At a dollar and a halffoiv a small bucket, the old fashionedrows upon rows of "blackberry jamand jelly, to say nothing of cerrHnis and wines, have become listedwith the good things of the past until some sort of uprising or legislation regulates the profiteer to theplace where all the atrocities are revenged. Speaking of the idle rich, thosewith motor cars could reap a benefitthemselves and also confer a sweetfavor upon less fortunate neighborsand friends by arranging picnic parties this week to go to the countryand get their own blackberries instead of just taking an aimless ride.Many a thrifty housewife wouldgladly plan all the other details ifsome kindly disposed person wouldonly offer the mode of transportation.oEIRE FOLLOWING TRAIN CRASHCOSTS $250,000.Fire, following a head-on collisionon a sidetrack close to the StandardOil Company's warehouse near thecity limits of Grand Rapids, Mich.,destroyed the big warehouse, and entailed a loss estimated by companyofficials at more than $250,000.oIN THE WHIRL OF KENTUCKYPOLITICS.Clearance SaleONsHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & BryanJune24-tf ) - IRonald C. Oldham, of Winchester,has resigned as a member of theState Election Commission. His resignation was accepted by GovernorBlack. Oldham is making the racefor the Democratic nomination forLieutenant Governor.High GradeSUMMERFOOTWEAR!BeginsSaturday, July 26Watch Our Advertisement inFriday's Issue.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign"4i ntm&;'!ji'4 J 2-"1y'