f r- rTHENEWSI, ,VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERTUY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1919BOURBONt ETCERESTING OIL NOTESAt the Oleika Temple Shriners'ceremonial to be held, in Lexington,Friday, May 30, a class of candidatesfrom Paris will he initiated. Thefollowing will compose the class:Thos. A. McDonald, J L. Dehton, R.F. Clendenin, W. V. Shaw and H. B.'Arnold.The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany, with Vansant and others,are drilling on the Sol Lewis farm,near Roscoe, on the nead waters ofMiddle Fork. This well should reachthe Berea last of next week. Thislocation is about one and one-halfmiles west of the oil well of the Budprichard farm, which was drilled bythe Bourbon some months ago.The Lane Oil Company is a newconcern recently organized here bylocal capitalists. It is incorporatedunder the laws of Delaware and capitalized at $600,000. It has holdingsin Lee county, adjoining the properties of the Bachelor Oil Company,and has one producing well. An active campaign for development andproduction has been started.The Lane Oil Company, of Paris,has purchased from the SouthernOil, of Lee, the Laura Lane tract of75 acres on Hell creek in Lee County.It is stated that $90,000 of thisstock has already been sold in. Winchester by L. S. Baldwin. The LaneCompany, it is stated, is also negotiating for some valuable acreage in'Allen county. Among the incorporators of this company are Judge Geo.Batterton, O. T. Hinton, John Yerkes,Mat Lair, Harry Kennedy and N. W.Swinford.GIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHFURNITURE.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch. Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Do.n'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporchi a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.oFOR GRADUATES.The Houst of QualityforGraduation Gifts. "(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.FRANK a CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSNewest 'Summer StylesINGeorgette CrepeFrench VoileandFrench -OrgandieWaistsalsoWash SkirtsK Just Received .ri ,i"'. 'I ?;FRANKLADIES OUTFITTERSAutomobileSTATE W. C. T. U. TO MEET ATMILLERSBURG.The annual convention of the Seventh District W. C. T. U., will be heldTuesday and Wednesday, May 27 and28, at Millersburg. Delegates fromthe unions of Lexington, the Centraland Arlington; from Chilesburg,Little Rock, "North Middletown andParis will be present. Prominent onthe program are Colonel Geo. W.Bain, Mrs. Frances E. Beauchampand Miss Mary Sweeney, of Lexington. Delegates will be entertained atMillersburg, but the larger numberwill leave Wednesday on an earlytrain and return that evening. Besides the reports and speeches, acounty chairman will be appointedat this meeting to organize the forcesof Bourbon county for the Statewidecampaign to make Kentucky a dryState.Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, StateW. C.T. U. president, in speakingof the campaign said the conventionto be held at Millersburg is one ofthose proposed for each district inthe State, every school district holding a convention once during eachyear. The convention will appointchairmen to organize with speakersand will send out literature for thecause of prohibition. It is hoped bythe Women's Christian TemperanceUnion to havevKentucky ratify thenational amendment.A HEW DISCOVERY.Talcumized Sodium Fluoride killspoultry lice both old and young.We have it.OBERODRFER,(20-2t) The Druggist.oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSFormer Parisians are making investments in Georgetown real estate.Mrs. A. L. Ferguson purchased fromMrs. Warren Dennis her residence onEast Main street, which, she boughtabout a week ago from Cashier Robt.Quincey Ward. It is reported thatthe property brought $4,750, Mrs.Dennispaying $4,250 for it Mrs.Ferguson will tear down the houseand erect a modern residence on thesite, which is one of the most desirable in town. Mrs. Mat Turneybought of Mrs. John Mansfield, whatis known as the Tom Bishop resilience' on Gano avenue in Payne ad-ditionr& CO.- tDelivery .-COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The Council met in regular sessionlast night, with Mayor January andCouncilmen Arkle, Christman, Doyle,Kiser, Merringer, Spears and Veatchpresent.Councilman Catesby Spears, whosucceeded Councilman S. 3C. Nichols,resigned, took the oath of office, administered by Councilman Doyle.City Clerk Hayden was allowed$125, for services in collecting backtaxes, to the amount of $4,500.City Attorney Dundon made a report in regard to building of dam.The Louisville & Nashville R. R. havefurnished plans and specifications forsame, but no agreement has as yetbeen signed by the interested parties.However, he said fine progress is being made, and the people are stillliving in hopes.Chief of Police Fred Link requested the Council to enlighten himupon his duties in regard to the enforcement o the law recently passedin regard to newspapers solicitingsubscriptions, etc. The following1communication from the three newspapers of Paris was read by Councilman Merringer:Paris, Ky., May 22, 1919.TO THE HON. MAYOR AND CITYCOUNCIL OF PARIS, KY.GENTLEMEN: The undersignedlocal newspapers of Paris beg to callthe attention of this honorable bodyto the fact that the law in regard tosoliciting subscripions to newspapers,where a prize or premium is offered,is being violated daily in this city.One paper especially is openly defiantin the matter, and is admitting itsguilt by publishing the number ofvotes received by their respectivecandidates for soliciting said' subscriptions daily.The collection of five dollars perday from these solicitors is a sourceof revenue to the. city, and we areinformed by the City Collector thatthe license imposed on these contestants referred to is not being paid.It is an imposition on the localnewspapers who pay license for doing business here, and a loss of revenue to the city to allow this lawto be ignored daily, -as it is.Enclosed are two clippings fromthe Lexington Herald, one of thedate of May 14, and the other of May20, -showing a list of the candidatesin the unlawful contest they are conducting in Paris, with the number ofvotes after the names which weregiven 'them 'upon subscriptions received for soliciting subscribers, andwhich shows conclusively ""that thelaw is being violated.Wfi respectfully call yOuT attention to the above facts, and ask that"you instruct the proper officials toenforce the law that was made bythe City Council.Respectfully,THE BOURBON NEWS,KENTUCKIAN-CITIZEN.PARIS DEMOCRAT.City Attorney Dundon said he hadno proof of the law having been violated, but he had been approachedby a solicitor, and when asked if hehad a license to solicit, said he hadnot, and was advised by the City Attorney to "get out of town." TheCouncil seemed loath to advising theChief of Police to do his duty and thematter was passed without furtherargument.The resolution formerly p'assed bythe Council to pave the streets ofParis with brick, was repealed onmotion of Councilman Merringer,who gave his reason for introducingsame, and who then introduced another resolution calling for improving Pleasant, High and intersectingstreets with material to be selectedby the Council, and to be paid bythe abutting property owners..Councilman Spears spoke in favorof the city paying one-third of thecost, and increasing the city's bonded indebtedness. Merringer's resolution was lost by a vote of 4 to 3.A resolution along the lines suggested by Mr. Spears was then offeredand was adopted by a vote of 4 to 3.A resolution calling for the reconstruction of High street, the Kentucky Traction and Terminal Co. tobear part of the cost, was adopted bya vote of 4 to 3.KINDERGARTEN ) PROVING ATTRACTIVE FEATURE ATCITY SCHOOL.When the plan was first suggestedto give the Kindergarten a trial atthe Paris City School it was proposedto have but twelve pupils. But fromthe very beginning it proved so verypopular that the attendance was increased until fifty children were enrolled. It is the plan of the schoolto have new and larger rooms for thework by September. Preparationswill be made to enroll one hundredchildren in the department duringthe next year.Miss Blanding deserves greatcredit for the success she has madein the work. Misses Bannister andMarrs also contributed largely toward the success of the work.RECEIVE LOVING CUP.A handsome silver loving cup haslust been received by the Paris HighSchool Athletic Association from theKentucky High School Girls' Basketball Association. The cup was presented for winning second honors inthe basketball tournament held inParis on March 14-15.The cup-s engraved with the following: inscription: "In the FirstKentucky High School Girls' Basketball Tournament, Paris, Ky., March14-15, 1919. Second . Place. ParisHigh School." 'A CAM) PROM MR. J. H. THOMPSON ON THE TAX QUESTIONThe tax question is commandingthe attention of the people at thistime. it is decidedly the most important question before the peopleto-day.1 1 made an effort two years ago toarouse the people of Kentucky to therealization of the fact that a dangerous tax law was then in the processof, making. The law was conceivedby a crowd of city-tax payers whoowned other classes of property thanreal estate, and the purpose of thelaw was to release such propertyfrom taxation, thus increasing taxeson farm lands and other real estate.The city newspapers indorsed this,plan and the country tax payers hadno adequate means of combatting thequestion with them. On this accountI feared, unless strong oppositionwas manifested by the country people, that this law would be adoptedby the Legislature. Those who studied the Jaw realized the unfairness ofits provisions and knew that theadoption of the measure would increase the taxes on farm lands andother real estate, so I made everyeffort I could to acquaint the farmers over the State with the seriousness of the results likely to comefrom the passing of the law, and attended meetings all over CentralKentucky urging the people to protest against the passing of this measure. Our efforts against the passingof this law were unsuccessful and weare now beginning tov feel its evil effects. "Including the recent raise onBourbon county property made bythe State Tax Commission the assess-Iment "has been almost doubled inthree years. The increase is principally on farm lands and other realestate. Under the operation of .thepresent tax law, our assessment can,and probably will be raised muchhigher than it now is. The StateTax Commission has the authority toraise the assessment of the real estate to an amount which in its discretion is a fair cash value of the property assessed.Farm lands have no fixed valueand have , lately been selling at fictitious prices, and it seems to be thepurpose of the commission to continue to raise the assessment of thisclass of property.The purpose of writing this articleis to call the attention of the farmersof Jfhis community to the importanceof this matter.I doubt the constitutionality of thelaw. but no individual tax payer can-gprd flic expense of taking the juat-LUI IV HIV UUU11&. 1UC1C1U1C Ulll ouieSt remedy is by1 legislative enactment, and every farmer should makeit his business to register a protestagainst the tax law and demand somespeedy remedy.J. H. THOMPSON.WOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwobh Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf). oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oWHILE SITTING- IN CHAIR, WOMAN 78 YEARS OLD, DIES.While sitting in her chair at herhome, 255 Rand avenue, in Lexington, Mrs. Malinda Lancaster, seventy-eightyears old, died suddenly. ofheart disease. She hil appeared tobe in the best of health previous tothe attack. Mrs. Lancaster was adaughter of Kinzea and ElizabethStone. Her husband was GeorgeLancaster, who conducted a store inLexington several years ago. She issurvived by two daughters, Mrs. Bessie Harper, of Elizabethtown, Ky.,and Mrs. Pearl A. Rogers, of Fairmont, W. Va.; three sons, GeorgeLancaster, of Louisville, Albert Lancaster, of Buena Vista, Fla.; onesister, Mrs. Bettie Bell, of Chicagoand one brother, Kinzea Stone, ofGeorgetown.Mrs. Lancaster was a former resident of this county, residing on theNorth Middletown pike near Paris.Her husband was a brother of Mr.Charles J. Lancaster, of Paris.: OGIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHFURNITURE.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporch a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) tA. F. WHEELER & CO.' oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.To-day, Friday. May 23. Lila Lee,in "Such A Little Piratel" PearlWhite in "The Lightning Raider;"Hearst News Feature.To-morrow, Saturday, May 24.Dorothy Dal ton, in "Extravagance;"Smiling Bill Parsons, in "The NewBreakfast Food;" Current Events.Monday, May 26. The greatNazimova, in "The Toys of Fate;"John Barrymore, in "The Dictator;"Paramount-Sennett Comedy, "NeverToo Old." s -FORMER PARIS MAN MAKES ANEXPENSIVE ''BLOW.""Blow on your money and I'llwish you good luck," said a girl ofapparent foreign birth, to HarryStout, formerly of Paris, in Lexington, shortly before noon Wednesday.Mr. Stout, although confessing hedidn't believe in charms, blew themystical three times and lo, whenhe counted his money $60 was missing. And during the entire performance he "retained the money in hishands."Mr. Stout said the girl, who droveup in an automobile with three otherwomen, a man and a child, came intothe Stout Piano Compnay, on NorthLimestone street, and asked to tellhis fortune, taking ?10 from him inorder to. facilitate the work.He replied he didn't care to havehis future revealed just then andtook-his money back. The girl, then,Mr. Stout said, asked him to hold hismoney in his hand and blow on itthree times while she wished himgobd luck."Blow, blow, blow," were thewords of mystery she pronouncedand he blew, blew, blew, which wassufficient, the maiden said, to bringhim the best luck in the world. Allthe way out of the store she continued wishing Mr. Stout good luck.Mr. Stout stated he had about?100 in the roll he exhibited and replaced it in his pocket without counting the money. The fact he held itin his own hand the entire timeseemed ample assurance it was allthere.Someone in the store, however,suggested he count the money, as agirl had stolen some money ,from aman in Millersburg last week in amysterious way. Mr. Stout did, andto his surprise a $50 and $10 billwere missing. He immediately called the police and two patrol wagonparties went in pursuit. Severalpersons were rounded up and are being held at police headquarters forinvestigation.o .LEVY LEASES LOCATION FOBLARGELY INCREASINGBUSINESS.Levy, the Dry Cleaner, has leasedthe building vacated by the ParisRealty Co., and has installed modernmachinery for the handlimg of allkinds of dry cleaning. Not onlyclothes but rugs, carpets etc.. madeto look like new. Prompt attention Igiven an inquiries at office qr byPhone. (16-3t)o ,Sustains broken leg;While engaged at work on a barnhe was build in e- on Me form , i,Harrods' Creek niko tiPnr Paric -nr.Rankin was nrecimtatprf A yground when a swinging niece nftimber struck him. His left leg wasbroken in two nlaop hoin- , irHe was attended hv rii- t. t ttof North Middletown.rrWE KNOW HOWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU yILL FIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY FAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND TTX.PITTING AFTER A FEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS FINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL$25.00 to $50.00NOTHING NICER FOR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIBABLE PATTERNS INFANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEPARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND FANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES FOR THE YOUNG FELLOW PANEL BACK,CLOSE FITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.I-MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENcttleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts! ' Stetson HatsPARIS ATTORNEY AT VE- ,SAILLES. rIn the Woodford Circuit Courtsthis week in the case of E. L. Davisvs. Walker D. Hines, Director-Generalof Railroads, in charge o'f C, &O. Railroad, the jury returned a ver-diet of $5,375.00.In the case of Randall Bush as- administrator ve. same defendant, thejury returned a verdict of $5,000.00.In the case of J. Claude Rogers'ministrator vs. same defendant, thethe jury returned a verdict of$20,000.00.The plaintiffs in these suits wererepresented by Robt. C. Talbott, ofParis, and Robt. B. Franklin, oFrankfort.REFINED PROGRAM AT THE Y..M. C. A. TO-NIGHT.When you hear the drums to-dayyou will know that the Boy Scoutsare reminding you of the excellententertainment that will be put oa atthe Y. M. C. A. building to-nigbTt.A program of refined fun and jokes;costume-character-sketches; readingsand monologues by a high-class entertainer. Bring your friends andenjoy this evening of mirths smile,story and laughter. The entire family will enjoy the treat. The DrumCorps of Boy Scouts will parade at4:30 p. m. and the program will begin at eight o'clock in the gymnasium at the Y. M. C. A. building.Proceeds are to be used for the activities of the Boy Scouts, under thetleadership of the Y. M. C. A.MULE. AND CART TAKE TUMBLE7INTO DITCH.While delivering a load of coal onWashington street, Wednesday, amule and 'cart belonging to Stuart &O'Brien fell into a ditch being dugfor the new sewer under constructionby Contractor A. D. Sant.The services of several men and aderrick were required to extricatfethe animal from the ditch. The mutewas slightly injured by its fall andstruggles to free itself. The driverescaped injury.oBIRTHS.Near Paris, to the wife of Mr.Alfred Toomey, a. son third bonE- To the wife of Mr. James Cope,of Nineteenth street, a daughter,their first born.Mr. and Mrs. Rife Hodgkin, ofWinchester, are parents of a finegirl, born Wednesday at the ClarlcCounty Hospital. The mother wasformerly Miss Lucille Renaker,daughter of Mr. Ewell Renaker, ofParis. The little lady has been,christened Beverly Hodgkin.fi x -II-JJfl3rtSf AGE TWOTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAY 23, 191S.4'MILLERSBURG1 fIFTTl DOES MM AS,nid t ' jy I ill?' Kcj. Florence, and ice 11 havea RANGE ETERNAL"9. To the woman who realizesthe importance of good cooking in the new home, no promise is more alluring. For if theway to win a man is throughhis stomach the way to keephim is through the kitchenand that way will be madedoubly easy if you haveThe Range Eternal; with 32 points of) Eternal ExcellenceWhether you are considering your first range or yourfifth; let us show you theRANGE ETERNAL. It isthe most complete mostsatisfying most substantialwe have ever seen.4 Let us explain the 32 superior features one by one. See' the ETERNAMETAL fluelining strongest longestwearing metal ever used inany Ratine. You'll want aRANGE ETERNAL.T. W. SPICERMain Street, OppositeCourt Housef. vAfargolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketHOMEKILLEDMEATSaVeal Beef' tPork LambII iPvKu Ifir lKVHtfbJKB ScmiBDDbkCir ' ffllllll I III' tit's the BestTo Be Hadr. , 5 .MGOIEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMafc Rnocfc .SfatcCJops, Fancy Goods.Famous9 Coffees and TeasH vWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376WELL US EVERLoves To Get Up and Do HouseholdWork Since TakingMeritone"I get up ana go my householdwork now, just as well as I ever didwhen I was at my best," said Mrs.Helen Barker, of 614 Virginia avenue, Knoxville, Tenn."Three weeks ago I was discouraged about my health. For a long timeI was in a run down condition. I lostall my energy and my householdwork seemed almost too much for me."My stomach was out of order andwouldn't digest my food right.f Rapid Change."Three weeks ago to-day, I startedtaking Mertione."I've got a big fine appetite' nowand I eat everything I can get myhands on and digest it perfectly."My strength and energy cameback, and as I said I love to get upand do my work, and I can do it aswell as I ever did when I was at mybest."I'm glad to recommend Meritoneand have already written to some ofmy friends and advised them to getMeritone."Meritone is the tonic of real meritthat hundreds of people are takingin all parts of the country. It hasno superior as a tonic and strengthened It is recommended for ailingconditions of the stomach, liver, kidneys or for catarrh, rheumatism,sleepslessness or lack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(may2-23)oBABY BULL BRINGS BIG BUNCH.Florham" Leader, a two months'old Guernsey bull calf, was sold atauction in Madison, N. J., for $25,000, said to be a new record pricefor any a-nimtl of its breed. OaksFarms and Hugh Bancroft, both ofMassachusets, combined to make thepurchase, paying $10,500 above thepervious record price.oCAUSE OF HEADACHEBy knowing the cause, a diseasemay often he' avoided. This is particularly true loi headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be' corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief hy taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)oApproximately 25,000 persons wereinjured by automobiles and motortrucks in the streets of Greater NewYork during 1917.SEEING IS BELIEVINGso you may not realize the superiorityof our work in examining eyes andfitting glasses until you have givenourOPTICAL WOUKa fair trial. We are prepared to relieve and correct defective eyesight.Call and ask us more about this.DR. 0. L. FRYE,Eyesight Specialist,Paris. Kv.(21mar-tf-F)We are Agents forthe Famous'."DRESSEDStop in and get aFREE BOOKLETabout the styles.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.BBr Mj uBBBBBBBBBBBBBbIbF JbbbbbbbbbbbbVBM HbBHbBBBBbIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBTf IBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB547lBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBSMHftk-f Am 4,Col. W. M. Layson is not so well.Onion sets at your price at Caldwell's.Mrs. L. Cromwell, of Chicago,111., is the guest of her sister, Mrs.S. E. Bruce.Mrs. "W. A. Munsing, of Mays-ville, is the guest of her mother,Mrs. Martha Vimont.Born, Saturday, to Mr. and Mrs.L. S. Frederick, a son. Mother andbabe are doing nicely.Mrs. M. R. Collier returned toher home at Paris, Monday, afterspending a few days with Mrs. C. B.Smith.Col. C. M. Best, Dr. Yates andson, Cadet Yates, the two last ofVirginia, dined with Cadet Piatt, atLexington, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Carringtonreturned from Louisville, Mr. Carrington having been mustered out ofthe service at Camp Taylor.Shoes! Shoes! and more shoes,coming at Caldwell's. Can be had atalmost for the asking. This is youropportunity. Take advantage of it.Mrs. Corlis Rouse and Miss Lorraine Kenney, of Brooksville, andMrs. James Price and children, ofEscondida, were guests of Mrs. A. T.Maffott and daughter, Tuesday.Col. C. M. Best entertained Drs.W. G. Dailey and C. B. Smith witha six o'clock dinner at the PhoenixHotel, Lexington, Monday, in honorof his brother-in-law, Dr. Yates, ofVirginia.Mrs. Burdette Walton, who hasbeen at the bedside of her mother,Mrs. N.D. Rigdon, for several days,returned to her home at Lexington,Monday, accompanied by her mother,who is yet quite ill.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC Ihave just purchased a new Landersstitching machine, and am preparedto do all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.(6may-8t) JOE. GREEN.The commencement exercises ofthe M. C. were continued Sunday at8:00 p. m., at which time Dr. H. C.Morrison, of Asbury College, preached the missionary sermon to the College Missionary Society, making of itat the same time a centenary sermon, as the centenary drive of theM. E. Church, South, was on. Thesermon was preceeded by a' good musical program. The address was allthat could be expected and in manyrespects surpassed his baccalureatesermon of the morning. Monday at10:30 a. m., Class Day exercises wereheld on the campus of the M. C,which was made up of many interesting features, the winding of theMay-Pole, and the burial of the booksby the Seniors, were among themany interesting features of the exercises. Monday at 2:30 p. m., aTennis Tournament was enjoyed onthe tennis ground of the college,which also proved interesting. Monday at 8:15 p. m., the annual concert in the M. C. Auditorium, whichwas fully up to the average, whileit was classic, was enjoyed by a largeaudience.Tuesday at 10:30 a. m., the annual commencement exercises wereconducted in the M. C. Auditorium, atwhich time the Class of 1919 tooktheir degree. A pleasing musicalprogram was rendered, after whichRev. Moss, of the NicholasvilleMethodist church, delivered the baccalaureate address, dealing largelywith the problems, the opportunitiesand responsibilities of to-day. Theaddress was full of thought andthere was much in it that will always be retained by those who heardit. At the close of the address Dr.Fisher awarded the diplomas, announcing the honor roll.On Sunday morning Dr. Fisherstated that he would have somethingto say concerning the consolidatedschool problem now confronting Millersburg. Many were anxious tohear his views on this subject. Hesaid he had been an educator forthirty-nine years, and it was needlessto say that he was deeply interested in the cause of education, thatMillersburg ought to have a betterschool building with more commodious grounds, to accommodate theneeds and requirements of the children, but that we did not need aconsolidated school. The countryschool ought to be put in good condition, teachers to be employed at abetter salary to do the work. Thatin operating a consolidated schoolcoupled with the High School wouldentail a heavy expense, the childrenwould 'have to get out early in themorning, and could not return totheir homes until late in the afternoon, and most of the parents preferred having their1 younger childrenin the neighborhood schools. We donot need a High School, the HighSchool work can be done by the M.C. and M. M. I. at a much less expense than be operating one, underthe proposed system. At noon theM. C. closed to reopen next September, many of the student body leaving for their homes in the afternoonand evening, the remainder Wednesday morning. A large .number ofvisitors were guests at the College,but we were unable to obtain theirnames.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure witklocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh1 Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for, constipation.Buy Tires of Known QualityThe steady usefulness of your car depends on good tires.Economy depends on good tires.United States Tires are good tires. That's why we Jndlethem. Take no chances witFunknown quality. Buy UnitedStates Tires,for their proved dependability,for their oft demonstrated economy.We can provide you with United States Tires to meet yourneeds exactly. 'We KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.PARIS GJlEA(xE (Eugene Kobejts) Paris, Xy.BTJGGLES MOTOR CO Paris, Ky.MELLERSBUBG HABJ)WAEE CO IBUerslrarg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SOU" . . . . North Middletown, Ky.Executor's SaleThe undersigned Executor of Wm.H. Hughes, deceased, will onSaturday, May 31, 1019beginning at 2 o'clock, p. m., on thepremises, on Thomas avenue, exposeto public sale the following real andpersonal property:FIRST A certain lot of ground witha store house thereon, situated in the City of Paris,Kentucky, on Eighth streetand described as follows:Beginning with James McIntyre's line (on the west)at a margin of the Parisand Georgetown Turnpifie(now Eighth Street) ;thence along his line .north195 feet to Lilleston's line:, thence along said Lilieston's line 40 feet west to. acorner with Mary Mangenand then with her lmesouth 195 feet to the margin of said turnpike ; thencealong the margin of saidturnpike 40 feet to the beginning, being the sameproperty conveyed to Wm.H. Hughes by Louisa Priceand others by deed of record in the office of theBourbon County Court, inDeed Book 65 page 537..SECOND (Lot A) Also a certain, lotof ground with a four-roomhouse and store-room thereon, fronting on Thomasavenue 60 feet, more orless, and extending back 78feet, more or less, on eitherside to the line of small lotI in rear, and being 47 feet,5 inches, more or less inthe rear.f (Lot B) Also a cenrtain lotwith house thereon fronting o-n Hanson street 34feet, and" extending back 47feet, 5 inches, more or less,on one side, and 45 feet,more or less, on the otherside to Hawkins' lot in therear, and being 40 feet, 9inches, more or less, in therear.The above two lots is the sameproperty conveyed to Wm. H. Hughesby Sherman Coleman by deed of record in said office in Deed Book 99,page 373.Lots A and B last above describedwill first be offered separately andthen as a whole, and the bid or tbidsaggregating the most money will beaccepted.The undersigned will, at the sameUscoUnited Statesare Good Tirestime and place, expose to public salea lot of household and kitchen furniture and other personal property.TERMS The sale of th.e real estate will be made upon the followingterms: One-third cash, one-third in.six months and the remaining onethird in twelve months from date ofsale, the purchaser to give bond with,good surety to be approved of by the'Executor, and lien to be reserved inaeea; saia oonas to Dear interestfrom date of sale at the rate of 6"per annum. tThe personal property will be- soldfor cash.The Executor reserves the right toreject any or all bids.GREEN P. HUGHES,Executor of Wm. H. Hughes.Talbott & Wnitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(9-16-23-30)WantedsClerksThe Government needs 4,000 clerksfor census $100 month. Examinations soon. Age requirements, 18 orover. For free particulars, write J.C. Leonard, (former Civil Service Examiner) 945 Equitable Building,Washington, D. C. (20-2t-pd)Auto For SaleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster, good as new. Will demonstrateit. Call Cumberland Phone 552.(13-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature, and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY,Columbus, Miss.(tilll3june)The J. W. BrownRealty Co.i Masonic Temple. 211 Main Street,Pans. Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us. Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.E. T. Phone 831. (tf)Try Traction Service ForPackage or FreightDeliveriesKy. Traction & TenninalCo.Tr$5Auto For SaleOne Metz five-passenger touringcar. Has electric lights and electricstarter. The car is in A-l conditio-n.OAKLAND MOTOR CAR CO.East Tenth St., Paris, Ky.(16-3t)Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT' COURTHattie Hill Dudley, &c PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Frances Hedges Dudley, &cDefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1918, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner onMonday, June 2, 1919,will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder at the frontdoor of the Court House in Paris,Kentucky,, at about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., the following describedproperty:A certain parcel of land situated on Seventh street, inParis, Bourbon County, Kentucky, beginning at a stone fivefeet east of the set-off in the lineof Mary F. Hedges, and runningwith Seventh street, towardsPleasant street, seventy-five feetto a stone; then, at right angleswith Seventh street eight poleBto the lot of George Alexander(now Hancock) ; then with hisline towards the Louisville &Nashville Railroad seventy-fivefeet; then at right angles withthe said Alexander lot eightpoles to the beginning, and being a house and lot in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and tyelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute two bonds with goodand approved surety for equal partsof the purchase money due six andtwelve months from date of sale respectively and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effect ofjudgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.(mayl6-23-30)jfVlL .FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1919.THE BOUTtBOH liEWS, PABIS, XEHTTOTYe?A.4NERVOUSPROSTRATIONMay be Overcome by LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound ThisLetter Proves ItWest Philadelphia, Pa. "During thethirty years I have been married, I havebeen in bad healthand had several attacks of nervousprostration until itseemed as if theorgans in my wholebody were wornout. I was finallypersuaded to tryLydiaE. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and it madea well woman ofme. I can now doall mv houseworkand advise all ailing women to tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and I 'will guarantee they willderive great benefit from it." Mrs.Frank Fitzgerald, 25 N. 41st Street,West Philadelphia, Pa.There are thousands of women everywhere in Mrs. Fitzgerald's condition,suffering from nervousness, backache,headaches, and other symptoms of afunctional derangement. It was agrateful spirit for health restored whichled her to write this letter so that otherwomen may benefit from her experienceand find health as she has done.For suggestions in regard to your condition write Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass. The result of their40 years experience is at your -service.It has just about gotten so in. thiscountry that a woman doesn't appreciate the value of her husband untilshe is called upon to finance histombstone.SIGNALS OF DISTRESSParis 'People Should Know How toBead and Heed Them.Disordered kidneys give many signals of distress.The secretions may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometimes frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnight.Headaches and dizzy spells may occur. Weakened kidneys should receivequick help.Don't delay! Use a special kidneyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys, backache and urinary dis-ders.Paris evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, says: "I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.There was a constant, dull ache inmy back all the time and often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsometimes seemed as though I couldhardly endure the misery. I trieddifferent remedies with no results. Iheard of Doan's Kidney Pills and procured them from the Ardery DrugCo. The first box helped me and Icontinued taking them until cured.Attacks since then, have always beenslight. Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, .N. Y. (adv)qSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Agnes Turner 'has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Winchester.AMERICAN BED CROSS HEALTHSUGGESTIONS.burton Js1 Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.Uncovered food exposed' to the airon window-ledges or in stores, is exposed to dirt, decay and disease.Infected food-stuffs are not nourishment they are poison.Protect yourself by protectingyour food.oPOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the injuryis received get a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.AGENT POR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous ReciDe for1(5 making delicious Ice Cream,Jjj boda Water and Mixedjni Drinks still used,1 Buik lee CfgaffiW (Madid from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.More matches are used in GreatBritain than in any other country.mCOLORCHEEKSV.sIII Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.iFor the BEST, See Us.FRANK BURTON:iBe Better Looking TakeOlive TabletsU your skin is yellow complexion pallid' tongue coated appetite poor you havea bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-goodfeeling you should take Olive Tablets, jDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets a substituteforcalomel were prepared by Dr.Edwardsafter 17 years of study with his patientsJDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purely!vegetable compound mixed with olive oil.You will know them by their olive color.To haye a clear, pink skin, bright eyes,'no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likechildhood days you must get at the cause.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act on theliver and bowels like calomel yet haveno dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome const i-pabon. That s why millions of boxes aresold annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists., Take one or two nightly andnote the pleasing results.SAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEF-. Tor 200 years GOL.D MEDAL HaarlemOil has enabled suffering humanity towithstand attacks of kidney, liver,bladder and stomach troubles and alldiseases connected with the urinaryorgans and to build up and restore tohealth organs weakened by disease.These most important organs must bewatched, because they filter and purifythe blood; unless they do their workyou are doomed.Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouble, pains in the loins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoall warn you of trouble with your kidneys. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are the remedy yon need. Taktthree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells and lining oithe kidneys and drives out the poisonsNew life and health will surely followWhen your normal vigor-has been restored continue treatment for a whilto keep yourself in condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are incapable offighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Tour druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. Tn three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug- stores.HflHHHHHBvNo reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong, medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest strain-,comes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Modek for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterirecdom all with doubU watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig wasa guest this week of friends inGeorgetown.Mrs. Jerre Keller, Jr., of Winchester, is a guest of Mrs. Jerre Keller, Sr., in this city.. Miss Sallie J. Rogere and nurse,Miss Cleary, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Wainscott, in Winchester.Miss Ruth Raymond Adair has.returned from school at Midway, andis now with Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford.Miss Frances Hord hase returned to her home in Versailles, af ter avisit to Miss Eula Calvert,, .nearParis.Maj. and Mrs. C. M. Best, of theM. M. L, will leave next week forWildwood, New Jersey, to spend theirvacation.Mrs. Maude Flynn has returnedto her home in Winchester, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. R. L. Wilson,in East Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Thompsonand Miss Mary Elizabeth Baskett, ofWinchester, were recent guests ofParis friendsMr. Jesse B. Letton, of Tampa,Florida, is a guest of his mother,Mrs. Lucy Letton, and other relatives, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Clark, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr.Clark's father, Mr. Wm. H. Clark, onSouth Main street.Mrs. E. W. Hays and daughter,Miss Gertrude Hays, of Louisville, areguests of Mrs. Catesby Woodford, ather home near Paris.Mrs. Samuel Houston, of nearParis, and Mrs. Ben H. Gumm, ofLexington, left Tuesday, for an extended stay at Hot Springs, Ark.Misses Sallie Mae Banta and Elton Rice have returned to theirhomes at Little Rock, from Midway,where they have been attendingschool.Mrs. Dave Evans, Mrs. MattieFoster and. Mrs. Karl Foster anddaughter, of Cynthiana, were inParis yesterday on a shopping expedition. iMrs. Lindsay Moore has returned to her home in Detroit, Mich., af- jter a visit to her mother, Mrs. S.M. "Vyilmoth, and family, on Houstonavenue.Judge and Mrs. . Robert Winnhave returned to their home in, Mt.Sterling, after a visit to Mrs. Winn'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turney,near this city.' Mr. Thomas Malier of Paris, accompanied by his sister, Miss JosieMaher, of Cincinnati, has gone toMartinsville, Indiana, for treatmentfor rheumatism.Mr. J. H. Miller, aged eightyfour, a prominent farmer of theParis precinct, is critically ill at hishome on the Redmon pike from theinfirmities of age. tMr. and Mrs. B. M. Roberts an$Miss Princia Gaines have returnedfrom Lexington, where they attended the conference of school principals and Y. M. C. A. officials.Mrs. Nettie W. Lail has returned to Paris, after a visit to her son,Mr. Lynn Lail, in Detroit, Mich. Shewas accompanied home by her littlegranddaughter, Miss Lucille MortonLail.Miss Christine Thomason, amember of the Senior Class at theEastern' Kentucky Normal School, atRichmond, was a week-end guest ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. ,. EdwinThomason, near Paris.Mrs. Wm. J. Walsh has returnedfrom Indianapolis, Ind., where sheattended the commencement exercise at St. Agnes' Academy, whereher niece, Miss Alice Constance Carton, was one of the graduates.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruynwill leave this week for a visit to hisold home, in Belgium. A letter he received recently from his sister toldof the release of his brother, from aGerman prison and stated that hewas a helpless cripple. Father DeBruyn's aged mother is still living,though in declining health.(Other Personals on Page 5)oPURIFIED FROMALL OBJECTIONSChemists Rid Doctors' Favorite Medicine of Nauseating and Salivating Qualities NewVariety Called"Calotabs".v .eWA triumph of modern pharmacythat is a blessing to the whole worldthat is the opinion of physiciansand druggists who are familiar withthe new, aiausealess calomel that iswholly free from the objectionableeffects of the old style calomel. 'An occasional purifying of the system and through cleansing; 'of theliver are absolutely essential tohealth, and, as all doctors know,calomel was tlie only drug that accomplishes this result. Now that theunpleasantness and danger of salivation are entirely removed, the popularity of the new calomel, Calotabs,'will be vastly increased. Its effect isdelightful. One tablet at bedtime,with a swallow of water that's all.No salts, no nausea, no griping, northe slightest unpleasantness. Youwake up next morning purified andwith, a hearty appetite for breakfast. Eat what you please no danger of salivation. No restrictions ofhabit or diet.For your protection Calotabs aresold only in original, sealed packages,nrip.e thirtv-five cents. Your drug"r3v.."That's just what I'vealways wished acigarette 'would dosatisfy". j.9I JKKi( u mThe feature of Chesterfields is that they begin where other cigarettes leave off.In other words, besides pleasing the taste,Chesterfields go 'em all one better they satisfy! Just like a long drink of cold water satisfies when you're downright thirsty.No other cigarette can give you this newthing in cigarette enjoyment because none cancopy Chesterfield's blend.It's a blend of the finest TURKISH tobaccosfrom Xanthi, Cavalla, Smyrna and Samsounand several varieties of the choicest DOMESTIC. And the blend itself the skill withwhich these tobaccos have been proportionedis a real discovery in cigarette making.-v.Qof Turkish and1 Domestic tobaccos blendedittheV0Pill BIMfl- ID:III III .Ill BHIII .g- .. MilIII dTpV MlXHEUrilVERSA!.AR k BHI V5 mwRUGGLES I16 Bank Raw, Paris, Ky. HIII ' iBIII LrLHIII " . - t pbm -xill i aiiiIII i.W r llLV.-.Iy..kItiiIgist recommends t and guaranteesill -m . w m liHthem hv refunding your money if youre not delighted with them, (adv)i,v-vf.'4K4i.",4:&Vk tar!-3v . 'X, .-.. - -y - ' : 1 '. y-,t, .-.,:T " '-"-?'. V ' .it ' -'-: ".',v- -.- "'v V '5,'vX -sS-V': v-" "'- ..vr.-v-.',': --' --V:-"- .. &' ';(f zOnly 3 IDsty s LeftlTHEMenOil o,OTCORPOEATED)PARIS, KENTUCKYANNOUNCEMENTThe 50c Issue of Stock Will Close OnSaturday, May 24th, 1919First Subscriptions received first accepted. No stock sold afterthis issue for less than par valueS1.00The Reasons1. The rapid subscription by the public.2. The. recent subscription by the Directors and otherstockholders to a large block of this issue.f 3. The completion of the first offset well at an early date.The ResultOnly a few more shares of the 50c issue. You can getthem NOW!The. .-fParbokfnOil CoOFFICERSPRESIDENT, JAMES CALDWELL TREASURER, C K. THOMASVICE PRESIDENT, DR. J. M. WILLIAMS SECRETARY, 0.T, H INTO NFIELD MANAGER, CAPT. WILLIAM COLLINSJ. M. CALDWELLWOODFORD BUCKNEREDSELL CLARKDIRECTORSDR. J. M. WltLIAMSE. T. HINTOMJN0. W00DF&RDR. F. CLENDENIN -,0. T. HINT0NA. B. HANCOCKSAM HARDINGSTOCK SUBSCRIPTION4 VThe Parboken Oil Company.1 iA' i i ; '(Incorporated)I rParis, KentuckyI hereby subs cribe for :sharesof the capital stock to be issued by. thePARBOKEN OIL CO., at the price of 50 cents per share, 'fully paid and nonassessable. The totalamount hereby subscribed being $ .v. . which amount -is tendered herewith in. fullpayment of this subscription. f : -t -Datedthis day of.., V.... ..1919.. Signed . .. ' ' . . -..t k-,.r'fr T. ' ' .' -- :t - . . ' i i .;.,' ; . v-, -" i; ..B'r.'r ; ':"-Checks. payable to C. K. Thomas, Treasurer, .must accmpaftyvthis subscription;';V 'Vbr?'V;kv i.Cl-.J.V!'? V:. ... u a -.jfcs.ef: -f. v -M JV-S.,.-- ;;'4AT--.-.v':'-.vVi "':M?':'.fl..'iIJ.w ..'47 ;iNi,- ; i. '.' v' '.?.!i . rv"i- V.'.-v ..'- ; j. - v '-r-f --; --.,FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1919.THE BOUBBOH NEWS, PARIS, JU1HTUCTJ?agi misiufflwf&yki,FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty novelty goods for graduation. (tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.WOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HTJTCHCRAPT & CO.(may23-6t)oGOOD THINGS TO EATrMake a trial order of those goodrolls and doughnuts and be a regular 'customer. We have them fresheverv day.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BUSINESS CHANGES.Steve Demergis has sold the NewWay Lunch Room and Restaurant, inthe Hotel Fordham, to Sam Carar,who will add a number of new features to the place.NEW GROCERY.Mr. F. A. Wilson, formerly of Richmond, has leased the Miller & Lilieston store room at the corner of Mainand Fifteenth streets, and opened agrocery. He has moved his familyto Paris, and are occupying the residence adjoining the grocery.SOCIAL A1U) PERSONIAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)Lost RewardSide curtain to automobile, twomica windows. Return to undersigned, and receive reward.BOURBON GARAGE,(It) Paris, Ky.Miss Elizabeth Steele is a guestof her father, Mr. Wallace Steele, atMineral Springs, Texas.Miss; Edna Huffman has returned to her home in Covington, after, avisit to Paris friends and relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Will Gay have returned from a visit to Mrs. Gay's parents, Mr: and Mrs. John T. Woodford,in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. -George S. Hamilton, ofTwo Rivers, Wisconsin, is a guest ofher mother, Mrs. John Sweeney, ofHiggins avenue.Miss Marshall, of Charlottesville.Virginia, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. !A. B. Hancock, at their home onPleasant street..Mrs. Alex King, Mrs. J. W.Maupin, arid Mr. Harry King havereturned to Richmond after a visitto friends in this city.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan is recovering from a recent severe illness.Her mother, Mrs. Wm. H. Farris,who has been with her for severaldays, has returned to her home in,, , May 20, 1919.iuib ui-i rawiora -win leave Seaied bids will be received at theMonday for Graham Springs, where , office of Pearce Paton, County Clerk,she will have charge of the culinary , Court House, Paris, Bourbon County,New AgencyI have taken the agency for theCourier-Journal in Paris, and will deliver the paper to any address in thecity limits. Daily, 45 cents permonth. Daily and Sunday, 75 centsper month. I take mail subscriptions for the Courier-Journal, $5 peryear. Your subscription solicited.J. D. SHY, Agent.(It) Cumberland Phone 840.Notice 'to Contractors.SPECIAL SALEFOR THIS WEEKChildren's$2.50 Children's Dresses atA WONDERFUL SELECTIONA wonderful stock from whichto select Graduation Gifts forgirls and boys.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.MEETING CALLED OFF.Owing to the commencement plansof the High Schools of the State,the Latin tournament scheduled tobe held in the Paris High School tonight has been called off. It isplanned to have the meeting earlynext year.oTO LECTTJRE Iff GEORGETOWNdepartment of the Graham SpringsHotel. In order to keep posted onParis doings, Mrs. Crawford orderedTHE NEWS sent to her at theSprings.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Greenwade,of Mt. Sterling, Lieut, and Mrs. J. E.Hammond and little daughter, of Ft.Worth, Texas, and Miss J. HordFrank, of Lexington, have returnedto their respective homes after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Murphy,in No.rth Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. R. B. HutchcraftKentucky, until 11 o'clock a. m.,JUNE 5, 1919,by thex Fiscal Court of "BourbonCounty, Ky., for the improvement ofthe Paris-Mt. Sterling Road; ParisCynthiana Road and Paris-Lexington.Road number, 9D1, 9E1, 9H1From 9D1 The City limits ofParis, Ky.From 9E1 The Junction of Parisa.ndGeorgetown Road, approximately1 mile from City limits of Paris, Ky.From 9H1 the City limits ofMiss Elizabeth Roff, Latin teacherin the Paris High School, will'delivera lecture before the Classical Association of Georgetow-n College tonight. Fifty Latin posters belonging to Miss Roff have been sent toGeorgetown, and are to be exhibitedwith those proposed by the collegestudents.oCOTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BEENT & BBO.oTHE YANKEE MINSTRELS.The Yankee Minstrels, composedof returned soldiers and sailors, saidto have been headliners in their profession before the war, gave a performance at the Opera House, Tuesday night.The boys may have served theircountry well on the battlefield andon the ships, but it was the consensus of opinion that they were not exactly in their proper element as entertainers. . ., vGIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH POBCHfS F.UBN1TUEEWe have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporcU a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.and daughters, Misses Helen and parjs Ky.lviay .pitman Jtiuiciicraii, aiiu tiieirguests, Lieut. Roland Packard, ofBoston, Mass., and A. G. -Gerlach, ofCelina, Ohio, were guests Tuesday ofMrs. Hutchcraft's sisters, Mrs. Dedraan and Miss Sallie Ashbrook, inCynthiana.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, of Paris, 5.5 miles: 9H1, 7.1 milesChairman , of Art of the Kentucky provement will consist ofFederation of Women's Clubs, and j the road, furnishing and applying all ,una. aiyiu uoiuuuu, jj. uuwuj.u.6, 1 materials ctiiu suria.ctiiig it lu a wiutnhave been appointed as delegates to'0f 9D1, 14 feet; 9E1, 12 feet;9Hl, 16represent Kentucky at tne meeting orthe American Federation of Arts, nowin session in New York. The meetings are being held in the Metropolitan Art Museum.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Mattie VanDeren attended a meetingTo 9D1 Towards North Middletown, a distance of 10 miles.To 9 El Towards Cynthiana , adistance of 5.5 miles.To 9H1 Fayette County line, adistance of 7.1 miles a distance ofapproximaely 9D1, 10 miles; 9E1,The im-cleaningfeet; with Bituminous surface treatment, approximate 3-gal. per squareyard.This work is a State Aid Project.Plans may be seen and instructions to bidders, specifications andform of proposal secured at the officeof the alumnae of Millersburg Fe- 0f the County Clerk at Paris, Ken-male College, at Millersburg Female tucky, and at the office of the Depart-1uonege, luiuersuurg, ou.tuiuav. auc i meEt 01 I'uoiic itoaas, uia capitalis the only surviving member of the Building, Frankfort, Kentucky,class of '62, and the oldest of the a certified check payable to thealumnae living. Saturday she was sheriff of Bourbon County, Ky.,made a guest of honor, was presented j equal in round numbers to 5 of thewith flowers, occupied a specially . bid, must accompany each proposal,decorated- chair, and in other ways The right to reject any and allwas shown the distinction and ap- ( foiis is reserved,preciation she deserves Miss Car- -. PEARCE PATON,rie Curran's friends will regret to , County, Clerk, Bourbon County.know that' she has been obliged togive up her position at the St.George Hotel in Winchester on account of illness. She is now withfriends at Paris, 361 Winchesterstreet."(Other Personal on Page 3.)PLAINTIFFS GET VERDICTIn the Fayette Circuit Court, Tuesday, in the case of the MammothGarage Co. vs. Commodore Masterson,of near Paris, the juryt brought in averdict in favor of the plaintiff for$500 without interest. The suit wasbrought as. a result of an automobile collision on the Paris pike lastsummer.oOPEN SEASON NOW FOB STRAWHATS,RODMAN WILEY,Commissioner Public Roads.$2.98 Children's Dresses at ;$3.50 Children's Dresses at$4.98 Children's Dresses at$5.98 Children's Dresses at t 'HatsUp to $7.50 ValuesDresses$2.19$2.48$2.98$5.48S398inLatest Creations in Ladies' DressesFor This Week Only$2475HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.With the arrival of May 15 camethe open season for straw hats, but sofar very" few 5 have had the temerityto brave the' present style of weatherby appearing on the streets under the"straw bonnets."Although, 'the ban against strawhats was officially lifted May i.5.they have not come into prominence' cleaning1.here yet, ' I (may 2 3-27-30)APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES OFWORK .PARIS AND MT. STERLING ROAD,NO. 9D1.82,130 square yards in job.16,425 square yards with gallonapplication; 65,705 square yardswith 1-3 gal. application.1,980 tons of stone chips;x 30,114 gallons of Bituminous material. 82,130 square -yards of surfacecleaning.PARIS AND CYNTHIANA ROADNO 9E1.38,720 square yards in job.775 tons of Stone chips;19,360 gallons of Bituminous material; 38,720 square yards of surfacegleaning.PARIS AND LEXINGTON ROADNo. 9H1.66,641 square yards in job,1,604 tons of stone chip;33,321 gallons of Bituminous material; - -66.641 -sauare yards of surfaceHOME-COOKED DELICACIEShWe will have to-morrow for Sunday ' dinner genuine home-cookedcakes of all kinds, beaten biscuits,doughnuts, and the finest cottagecheese ever made. Also green vegetables and fruits, and the best bargains in groceries for the cash.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY.Both Phones. (It)LODGE NOTES.PARISTUESDAYJUNE . . .3tfijji'v fAt, the last meeting, of BourbonLodge TSTo. 23, L O. O. P., Hiram Redmon, A. W. Case and Percy Smithwere taken into membership.Perry J. McCord, Grand Patriarch,is in providence, Ky., where he is attending the annual meeting of theState Encampment, of which he ispersiding officer. Patriarch James T.Hill is also attending the sessions.Members of Henry Clay CouncilNo. 53, J. O. U. A. M., of Lexington,will pay a -ipsit 01 mspecnuu awn 1to the Paris Council. No date hasbeen set for tne visit, as it- "purpose to make the trip a "surprisevisit."The M. M. P. M. degree was recently bestowed on the following, ata meeting of the Paris MasonicLodge: Morris Stern, Jno. W. Mastin, J.; W. Oakley, F. E. Faulkner,Landen Templin and J. R. Grinnell.George Jennings, E. L. Snapp andRobert Galliher received the R. A.degree.The Second Rank was conferred onseveral candidates at the meeting ofRathbone Lodge, K. of P., last night.Arrangements are being made for avisit to the Pythian. Home, at Lexington. If the weather permits thevisit will be in the nature of (in. allday outing with a basket dinner onthe ground.OA 'Mrs. HomeloVer says: vTHE J. T. HINTON CO.,has the most complete stockfrom which to get yourFurniture, Rugs, Linoleums,Phongraphs and Wall Paperand that they save youmoney. ' She will tell yousome more next issue.1ill1---'5--- -;r5THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHEITHERPHONE" 36UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.24 6tas. . "MIw"'M"""'"MM"M'"M"i"MMw SSSSSiSSJBiB1It ii !THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PATUS, KEKTHCKTFRIDAY, MAY 23, 1919.J AGE SIXiAI AQUA , JHERJEDIUA. AinERICAMA I$200 IN GOLD $200WFOR A SLOGANE WANT a slogan for Devonia the American Medicinal Mineral Water aslogan with punch and snap to it something that really suggests the benefitwhich comes from using Devonia. And we are going to give $200 in gold tothe person who sends us the best slogan. Think of it! $200 for just a fewwords. But Devonia, the finest of medicinal mineral waters the world over is worth itworth your best thought and effort.What Devonia Is.Devonia is an American Medicinal Mineral Water. No other waterhas a record of such helpfulness to the ailing. Some of these for which ithas been widely and successfully prescribed by physicians are: Constipation, Rheumatic Affections, High Blood Pressure, Hardening of the Arteries, Eczema and similar ailments.Unlike many other mineral waters, Devonia comes to you just as itcomes from its natural source, a thousand feet underground. Nothing isadded to it to make it stronger. It is not condensed. Yet so effective is itthat a tablespoonful to a glass oi water is all usually required foreffective results. Neither is it a powerful cathartic. Its propertiesare remedial, alterative and reconstructive. But to know what Devonia really is you should learn what it has done for others. Getsome of our booklets, "The Story of a Well Man," Or some of theothers!No Conditions To This Contest.You may send in one slogan or many. You do not need tobuy anything. All we ask is that the slogan be short and snappy.As we Avant only one slogan, there will be only one prize $200;but that is worth winning.The judges will be the officers of The DevonianMineral Spring Company, Mr. Thomas E. Basham,president of the Thomas E. Basham Company, ouradvertising agents, and the advertising managers ofthe four Louisville papers.All slogans must be in our hands by June 1.The announcement will be made as soon thereafteras the judges can reach a decision, and their decision will be final. In case the winning slogan issuggested by two or more persons the prize will bedivided equally. All slogans become the propertyof The Devonian Mineral Spring Company.Mail your slogan to The Devonian MineralSpring Company, executive offices Owensboro, Ky.For our convenience we ask you to use the coupon.lliiSJfr flmmtt 111I ty ncr rax awns! s$' 2j dlvOnmi Tw1 VtmeAAL wat tajBSfcft? '""'"" via PIHH gg lull----.H fH H MlllllHaB B? HPRESIDENT CABLES MESSAGE TOCONGRESS.Take aTablespoonfulf Devonia toa Glassful ofwater.WASHINGTON, May 20. Themost striking recommendation inPresident Wilson's message, read before Congress Tuesday, is that thewartime ban on wines and beers belifted, is recommendation does notextend to the stronger intoxicatingbeverages. This part of his messageread as follows:"The demobilization of the military forces of the country has progressed to such a point that it seemsto me entirely safe now to removethe ban upon the manufacture andsale of wines and beers, but I amadvised ,that without- further legislation I nave not the legaL authorityto remove the present restrictions.I therefore recommend that the actapproved November 27, 1918, entitled 'An act to enable the Secretaryof Agriculture to carry out duringrthe fiscal year ending June 30, 1919,the purpose of the act entitled, Anact to provide further for the national security and defense by stimulating agriculture and facilitating thedistribution of agricultural productsand for other purposes, be amendedor repealed insofar as it applies towines or beers."The second most striking recommendation is that calling for returnof the railroads, as well as the telegraph and telephone lines, to privateownership and control. This is thefirst authoritative declaration ofthe Administration of its future policy, and greatly surprised manymembers who had interpreted the developments of the last few months tomean that Mr. Wilson eventuallywould propose some form of permanent Government operation. On thecontrary, the -directness of the President's declaration on that point leftno doubt that he was through withany possible scheme of permanent retention. "The telegraph and telephonelines," the message reads, "will, ofcourse, be returned to their ownersas soon as the transfer can be affected without administrative confusion." The railroads will behanded over to their owners at theend of the calendar year."In the case of each the Presidentasked for legislation to mak eeasierthe readjustment necessary becauseof the change.The- foregoing features are the"high lights" of the message, which isunique in that it is the first inAmerican history ever cabled fromabroad by a President sojourning ina foreign land, and also the firstWilson message in six years read toCongress by reading clerk instead ofbeing delivered in person. In addition to the recommendations notedthe President in his message renewshis plea in behalf of woman suffrage ;recommends that the tariff laws besupplied with teeth to protect American industry against foreign attack;rges legislation to facilitate American enterprise through the expansionof shipping and approves SecretaryLane's programme for land for re-l turning soldiers.LEMON JUICE IzFOR FRECKLES ICOUPONliiATHE DEVONIAN MINERAL SPRING CO., Inc.,Owensboro, Ky.My suggestion for a Slogan it.(Write Plainly)I have read your books on.(Insert Names of Booklets Here)Name ..Address(If under 21, give us name of father or mother)COUPONTHE DEVONIAN MINERAL SPRING CO., Inc.,Owensboro, Ky.Gentlemen: Please send me the following DevoniaBooklets:"The Story of a Well Man.""Pushing Back Father Time." What to do withRheumatism......."Giving Red-Blooded Men a Chance." HighBlood Pressure, the disease of the Americanbusiness man."Serious Trifles." Constipation."Strengthening the Life Line." Hardening ofthe Arteries."The Glow of Health." A Beautiful Skin dependsupon Health.Check with an "X" such of the foregoing as youwould like to receive. Any or all of them will be sentfree on request. Fill In your name and address andmall toTHE DEVONIAN MINERAL SPRING CO.,(Incorporated)Owensboro, Ky.NameAddress5 If your Druggist does no have Devonia, write to Ex ecutive Offices, The Devonian MineralSpring Co., Incorporated, Owensboro, Ky.Retail Drug Trade supplied by their Wholesale Drugg ists..vr--t'vI,S,ti,y,r',raHr,i"i"I"M',,I":itt' .T' ..tiTr!VYT.Is Your Table DrinkA Meal Part of the Meal ?There's no food value in coffee or tea.They arc only accompaniments to themeal.0STUM CEREALis part of the meal and a right royalpart, as one veil knows who enjoys ahot, full-flavored cup of this snappy,invigorating drink.1Girls! Make beauty lotion lora few cents Try It!f"" ' 1 I !............ I. I -vWhy do hundreds of thousands ofAmericans now drink Postum in preference to coffee?The better health from a 10 days' trialin your home will tell.Pcstum is boiled just like coffee (15minutes after boging begins,), ,is a be,v-Vvroo-P rf rJrV HpT?? tones flavor, andcrage of rich,economical.YJdelicious flavor, andIijLo ' zDo You WantTo Save$10 to $15?For ten days we areofferingYOUNG MEN'SWAIST-LINE SUITS- For.$22.50$25.00. Valu$30,00tp. $35.00.See window and then comein.Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter jpint of the bestfreckle and tan. lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles . and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)oMAJOR RHODES. BEAPT CHIEF,GIVEN DISCHARGE PAPERSMajor Henry Rhodes, chief of theState selective service department",who put into effect in. this Statethe draft laws, has received fromSecretary of War Baker his honorable discharge papers. All records ofhis office have been crated and areready for shipment to Washington.His office has been closed permanently. "BAYErISOSS"ON ASPIRIN$&($ Two sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25c.4-L-- ".-Wollsteii.Always Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"KAYE619 Main St. Paris, Ky.(may20-4t)Only Aspirin Tablets witli theafety "Bayer Cross" on thjem aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of. people.Unknown quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn, dealer which proved ,tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldJ always be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions. anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.' ' (pr4-tf-F-126)CprnellWoodRoafaExcels'f or Walls. Ceilings and PartitionsRepairs. AlteratidnsiLew&rkEnables You. to RentYour Idle Room .UTILIZE that .spare xoom thatneeds fixing up a kit. Cornell-Wood-Board,nailed ri&ht over theold wall or direct to the studding,will transform it into a cozy, cheeryroom, easily rented.Cornell-Wood-Board comes in convenientsized panels and is so easily and quicklyapplied that you can, ifyou choose, put itup yourself. For the "Walls, Ceilings andPartitions of Residences, Gara&es, Churches,Stores, Theatres, Schools, Farm Houses,Dairy Barns, Poultry" and Milk Houses,Cornell-Wood-Board is ideal.It will not warp, crack, split or buckle,resists fire and moisture and is a nonconductor of heat and cold. Keep a bundleon hand for alteration or repair -work.Come in today we will gladly showyou Covnell-Wood-Board and explainthe FreeDecora tion and Design Service.Templin Lumber Co .Essy t&Potl! I 1 I 1 I I I 1 1 I T T- T- M T T T-TT TTTTTVI,,,t',tltllllit5EM5rr"fi(BKteiB IfiixlllsJ&r iThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMB AIMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLlmousllne Invalid Coach.Hearse Used for funeral purposes only.-!'iucis?:ii:l t - "S-'X 'Ttrf"-' -"f"-i-H - iiii5i2T&'-S,'s,. Aj5iaiKli trriTTTfT '"T.aB-B-ii-ffi-B-iif--i'l-h aWtT i. -'' r.?r'-fcBRf H1 ! ! ! I H1 IM-I-frt i-H-1 HMMII--""s-55.r!&'jiSiiiiHB!tiMiiHBfMHiiK fL-V--t-K--M-H-HyFr-H.. i siKKl--H9B8--SHH--i-9E-i-K-Efl-U------Q hHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market for' 'JL j-311? maae gooa witnout resenranoD.M.-i 10 Horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerA well-balanced txactpr that is suited to all farm 1power work. It drnrcs easily, affords maximum puB- jihg power for its weijjbtand is suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume 'of work. ;, 4Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend thflt.jou' use an OHver-plow with.your Titan txctor bcie it meatM the best plowmcunder all condxtioos. vhe combioed rolling coukcrand jointer buriea a& traih and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stodeyice mainraTm an even depthS furrow; the pkwppints enter and leave the grouod-it,injikbgitpc3bfc.tQpfcwdeartotheendsoftfield; 'and pie trip rope control operate! easily from. !the driver t feat, on the, tractor.i' ") We have a full Bm of Oftverm well&or.y.f- a .C. S. BALL GARAGEy t--4iSkKP ' 'lmZCJ!! 'i HBaTBIIHIB--ll-KSSM-HWv m-vvv:T.T.T.T-y.- ' FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1919.THE BOURBOH KEWS, PABIS, KERTBCXYMOTSXTE1- I P J I l"l H flL JiL nP1 1 ' jMygi fPP I WIMIHFWJ 1 1 1 Jill r I Hsst OJfjiERMETICfULY 1sealed in its wax- kwrapped package, air-1 flttehk impurity proof IBWRIGLEYS Iis hygienic and whole- Isomd. The goody Ithaf s good for young Iand old. Il The Flavor Lasts KS5 IJfci&rs took for tbe IMEN WANTED FOR WORK ATCAMP KNOX.The 31 Balloon Company, which isto be stationed at Camp Knox, Ky.,the big permanent army post, need100 men. by June 15. The balloonbranch of the air serv.ice is a particularly attractive section for youngmen who desire training in mechanical trades, for training in motorwork, radio operating, fabric riggingand telephone work are taught toall enlisted men desiring instructionin these branches. Men who showaptitude in these lines will be gradedaccording to their ability. Noncommissioned officers earn from $36to $120 clear above their expenses,which are defrayed by ' the government," and the training received willgo far to putting a young man. onthe high-road to a profitable careerwhen he leaves the service.Kentuckians especially will findthis opportunity inviting, for CampKnox is in their own State, and it isexpected that the bulk of the personnel of the 31 Balloon Companywill be recruited from this State.The 31 Balloon Company invites allyoung men to come to Camp Knoxand to look at the equipment andquarters. All positions and gradesin the company are open to newcomers, for the present incumbentsare leaving, the service. This is arare opportunity and should not beoverlooked by any young man whoaspires to a mechanical career. The31 Balloon Company is ready to receive our young men. Why not dropin for a visit?9GAINS SEEN NOWMrs. Thompson Says Weight ReallyIncreasing Since Using' Trutona.& mm m of5.OneDropBourbon Poultry Remm4ytA few drops iTtrhl JTtSSdrinking water cures flAPWWand prevents vrhito JLHUL MU&drarrhoea, cooler and otneremcKdiseases. One 60c bottle makes 12gallons of medicine. Pint bottls,price $1.20, makes 33 gallons. Atdruggists, or ent by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., LexTngton, Ky.Do You Enjoy life?oA man in good physical conditionis almost certain! to enjoy life, -whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionarid regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(may-adv)LOUISVILLE, KY., May 22,"I didn't know what a well day wasfor years until Trutona brought methe relief from my troubles that I hadbeen searching: for' so lone:." Mrs.Fred Thompson, 829 Third avenue,wife of the Superintendent of theSuperior Welding Co., here, said recently. "I suffered from stomach and intestinal indigestion and nervousnessfor years,"1 she continued. "I triedevery kind of treatment' in a vaineffort to find relief. Recently I hadbeen losing weight steadily."Trutona, I'm happy to say, hasput me in good condition. I haveimproved in every way. My digestionis restored and the nervousness hasdisappeared. I'm gaining weightritrht. alone: now. I attribute thischange-to Trutona and I consider ita splendid medicine."There is no season of the yearwhen Trutona may be taken to betterAdvantage than in the spring. Hundreds of people are now finding awonderful reconstructive agency inTrutona.Trutona is now being introducedand explained imParis at G-. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)BANKING BY MAIL.SAFErPRIVATE,ANCONVENIENT& flIH 7 D-' fl0 object tousfoTntter jvhat JLWm Bh jrart of the country you live in4a Mu5?gurrLWEE Hfl .Bank to your door nd furtfftKmoreGBS'wUI taABhCB 81! lyu 4& 'or every dollar (eft with usiTffstt wondMBEsB BBS to" a word from yu win rin ujiiqpSBSBB planation of our plan of "Banking by Mail." The,HHH :&2r?if " is the Iar Bank in Indiana exclueiCvMfM, RESOURCES lOwMILLtON OOLLAftSNEA.Y HALF A CENTURY. IN USfNS&?uXfWkmWv. vSLf &AAnother reason why it is dangerous for a girl to chew tobacco is because if somebody suddenly steals akiss she may swallow her quid.ABOUT RHEUMATISMRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. (may-adv)REPUBLIC CHASSISl TonExcellent conditionREPUBLIC CHASSIS1 TonLong wheel baseWrite for Ourlist ofUsed Truck Specials 'Harry P. KellyS:H-JH:Ha;H;--H;l'iH:iREBOBUCkMOTQR XROCKSUH II iUmm rtlUl Zsl 'yTi'nr1jw tiuiniltlwirt? ml'lj" MirijN tLIBERTY BONDSSafest' Investment On EarthWe buy and sell all issues in large or small denominations. Telephone your orders at pur expense.James C. Willson & Co.INVESTMENT SECURITIESAt 210 S. Fifth St. LOUISVILLE, KY.Anything In Your Eye?taefsofte3d&eo&&e33s&9&ftf&Old Rosebud Oil& Gas CompanyParis, KentuckymHE OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.,Bgj composed of Paris business men, announces to the publicthe perfection of its organiztaion, and the purchase of valuable oil and gas rights in Lee, Estill and Owsley counties; it alsoannounces the offering of a limited amount of stock at25c PAR VALUE $1.00We have made a location on one of bur Lee County leaseswhich adjoins production, and which lays within a mile of theheart of the Big Sinking pool.For the consideration of the investing public we submit the following.OrganizationThe Old Rosebud Oil and Gas Company is a Delaware corporation capitalized at $500,000. The following directors havebeen selected to govern the affairs of the corporation:O. L. Davis, farmer, Paris, Ky.Harry B. Clay, farmer and oil producer, Paris, Ky.W. C. Bell, farmer, Paris, Ky.Dr. C. G. Daugherty, physician, Paris, Ky.L D. Harris, real estate broker, Paris, Ky.O. T. Hinton, attorney, Paris, Ky.Wm. Shire, jeweler, Paris, Ky.J. W. Young, stockman and farmer, Paris, Ky.F. P. Thompson, oil producer, Lexington, Ky.W. W. Mitchell, banker, Paris, Ky.The officers are as follows:President Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Vice President Harry B. Clay. 'Secretary O. L. Davis.Treasurer Wl W. Mitchell.Field Manager F. P. Thompson.Offices will be maintained in Paris, Ky.HoldingsThe company has closed a deal for 146 acres within less thana mile of some of the biggest wells in the Big Sinking district ofLee County. ' Prospects on this lease look good for 50-barrel wellsat the least We have made two locations on this Tease andjwillmove a machine to it at once.We also contemplate test wells on the 100-acre Gabbardlease near the present Hell Creek production in Lee County; alsoon the Baker lease in the Ross Creek section of Estill County.We expect to close a deal shortly for some production in theBig Sinking district, which we are now negotiating.Stock Now 25c; Par Value $1.00(We reserve the right to withdraw stock from market at anytime without notice.)OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYHarris & Speakes, Selling AgentsParis, KentuckyK9ei!BRIGHTER,EVENINGS4Xfi,111 1) x -B:: a a a a :: a . a a:i'AMany people vho come to us forexamination imagine there is .someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyeB.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National" Bak.Both Phones; . , ' . Paris, Ky.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Tlseoleetricityfor ftdbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.9se SasTor Beating and CooKingIt's the only sensible plan.rLet Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity nd Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.J' (Inconoxated ,GEO. W. DAVISPUINERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299 "Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky. 1The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willingalways on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any oCthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or polic In mMMn ;- i- . , m lHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you la.amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a fews-onds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c pcday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telebbonc TeleqrabhCompany(Incorp orated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Xocal Manager.The News Job Denartment is Alwavit Rnv("There's a Reason." Work Done Right. .-i -jJPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON HEWS. PABIS, KEHTTTCKYFRIDAY? MAY 23r 1919. II Special TMF nADIft rtDAItJIl A Mil Al AMUADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery . .Ticket 9c; War Tax-1 c 1 0cMusic... - -mlWlv-J PyA-mlr "1 " rmar-mi iwTO-DAY, FRIDAYTO-MORROW, SATURDAYThos. H. Ince'SPresentsDorothy DaltonMONDAY, MAY 26thi .i .k Si vI- tf.Jesse L. Lasky Presents' ' IT,, 15-Lila LeeININ'Such a Little Pirate'A regrular old-style pirate yarn, but with a very modern damsel'right in. the nub of it There's a villain called Bad-Bye who tries tosteal the map showing where the treasure is but seeing that the mapis tattooed on a human shoulder! well, that's the plot, come and see itunraveled. And don't forget the youngsters!PEARL WHITE in "The Lightning Raider"and Hearst News,66Extravaeanee55'Actually, money burned holes in her pockets. But the getting ofthe money that she squandered burned holes in his vitality' and brain.That sort of thing can't keep up very long, you loiow. When thecrash came Why, that crash will jar the most rblase picture-goer!Come down, won't you?Bill Parsons 6ComedyThe New Breakfast Food'and Current Events.Big Double ProgramThe Great Nazimovain "The Toys of Fate""Toys of Fate" fc Mme. Nazimova's second great Screen Classics,production, a magnificent successor to "Revelation." In this vital, hu-'man doucument, the celebrated Russian actress plays the part of "Azah,"a gypsy princess, of whom fate demands that she avenge the wrongdone her mother. The cup of life is placed at Azahs lips, only to besnatched roughly away, and life seems to play at cross-purposes with thistrue-hearted little daughter of the Romany race.JOHN BARRYMORE,1, 'The Dictator'and Parainount-Sennett Comedy "Never Too Old"DEATHS.MITCHELIr.Miss Mary Mitchell,. aged aboutforty, died Tuesday morning in allysxington hospital, after a protractedillness. She was the only sister of,2tr. Albert Mitchell, of Paris, and;was a former resident of the count y.', The remains were brought to Paris-Wednesday afternoon and interred onthe family lot in the Paris Cemeteryat three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.' Frank M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthMiddletown Christian church, assisted by Mr. John W. Jones, of NorthMiddletown. The pall-bearers wereofficers of the North MiddletownChristian church, with which he hadfor years been prominently identified.HAGAN.Mr. William Kelley Hogan, agedfifty-five, a prominent architect ofthe county, died Tuesday at his homein North Middletown, of anemia, after a short illness, Mr. Hagan was anative of Missouri, and for some timewas in partnership with his son, Mr.95Uournoy Hagan, in Lexington. Heideroed and built the North Middlejfco "- Christian church, and only re-ce y completed the Paris Presbytetia.; church, which he also designed.j r. Hagan is survived by his"wiitewv who is a daughter of Dr. B.B? Bean, and a sister of Mr. BennettBeotL, Cashier of the North Middle5wn. Deposit Bank; his mother, Mrs.VApnie Hagan, of Clintonville; one"soo, 'Mr. Flournoy Hagan, now inFrance as a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Force, and four sistersaad' brothers.i TIie funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon at four o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theIforh -Middletown Cemetery by Rev.RELIGIOUS. .-MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday meeting at the church, Tuesday.Please come prepared to pay dues.The Baptist Church SundaySchool will observe"Father's Day"on next Sunday, May 25. A specialprogram of songs, recitations, etc.,has been arranged. This will be abig day and one long to be remembered. Attend next Sunday, andhonor father. You are invited, expected and welcome.At the District Convention of theChristian church, held in Danvillethe Paris church was represented bythe following: Rev. W. E. Ellis,who made one of the principal addresses; Mrs. Jos. D. Booth and Mrs.Mary Walker, representing the C.W. B. M.; Mrs. J. Walter Payne andMrs. Fannie Swango, representingthe Mission Circle, and Mr. A. L.Boatright and Mr. Robert Rose,from the Endeavor Society.The story of the CumberlandMountains, both in their rise frompoverty and feudalism, to peacefulproductive community, will be toldby Miss. Mae Stenger and Miss Rebecca Ross, of Onedia, at the allday meeting at the Baptist churchon Tuesday, May 27. Stereopticonpictures, lecture and a monologue inthe mountain talk dialect.The Endeavor Society of the Christian church will meet at 6:30 p. m.Sunday night instead of 7:00. Reports will be given from those whoattended the District Convention atDanville, and also the State Convention, held at Winchester. A businesswill be held just after the morningservice Sunday and lunch will beserved in the dining room.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. Morning Service. Sunday, 12:00 m. Christian Endeavor Business Meeting.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Mission Band.Sunday, 3:30 p. m. Practice forChildren's Day.Sunday, 6:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor Meeting.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Evening- Service. Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting Service.Friday Choir Practice.oA NEW DISCOVERY.Talcumized Sodium Fluoride killspoultry lice both old and young.We have it.OBERODRFER,(20-2t) The druggist.wGreater KentuckyPetroleum Co.fIncorporatedCapital Stock . . . $1,000,000Far ValueMi.i v,.U t ... .: , -"; k'-j ; ' '-j acVmmWkLLLLLAmm IHH ,LwmmmmmmmmmLw. kLLLLLLLLLLL.BLUE GRASS OILIncorporatedSellingi418 Main StreetAgerEXCHANGEntsParis, Kentucky' MATRIMONIAL.'BABER GRAY.Mr. Frederick Marion Gray,eighteen, of Hutchison, and MissMaude Baber, seventeen, of nearWinchester, secured a marriagelicense in Mt. Sterling, Wednesday,and were married by Rev. Dr. E. L.Southgate, pastor of the Methodistchurch.Under the heading, "PopularYoung Couple Weds,'r the DanvilleDaily Messenger pays the followingcmpliment to a popular young Parisman and his bride:"A wedding of unusual interest tomany in Danville is that of MissJane Adams, of Frankfort, and Mr.Douglas Clay, of Paris. The happyevent was solmenized at Shelbyville."The bride is a beautiful and talented young lady and was a studenta3t K. C. W. She is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. A. A. Adams. The groom,was for a time, xa student at CentreCollege and was a member of theSigma Chi Fraternity. He is an exceptionally fine young man. Bothare extremely popular with a widecircle of friends in this community.The Messenger joins their legion offriends in extending the most sincerecongratulations, and hopes for themlong life and prosperity."oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.ianl4-tf)ASK IX)R HITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t) -oB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.fflNTON &SON,Agts$225,000 FIRE AT LUDLOW.Fire at Loudlow, Ky., Tuesday,destroyed the Pullman repair shopand six Pullman cars which werein the building, causing a loss estimated at $225,000.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanGENTRY BROS.' FAMOUS SHOWSIN PARIS, JUNE 3.Gentry Brothers' Famous Showsand Wild Animal Circus, which willbe seen, here on Tuesday, June 3,have many new features, principalamong which is Miss Annette Delano,who, gracefully mounted on a blooded high school horse, sings with thevoice of the operatic star, while theintelligent animal which she rides,rounds the hippodrome track underthe big arena tent performing itssplendid repertoire of unusual accomplishments. Miss Delano Isknown as "The Australian PrimaDonna Equestrienne," and she morethan lives up to her title. The climax of her performance is reachedwhen four score of white carrierpigeons, released from all- sides of thegreat tent, circle above her head, andtihen flutter down to perch on herhead, shoulders and arms" and on herreins and horse's neck and back.Blue Grass Oil ExchangeIncorporatedKentucky Oil Securities Bought,. Soldand Traded.Let us have your buying and selling orders. Open CallSession and Auction every Saturday at 8:00 p. nr.418 MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Paris, KentuckySATURDAY'S BARGAINS INSUMMER FOOTWEARmtValues that youwould believe impossible. In spiteof the great advance in shoe prices, we offer tremendousreductions in desirable footwear.Buy Your Summer Shoes Now!The most beautiful selection of summer footwear ever offeredand at savings that only your personal inspection can fullyappreciate.aimtmmCmmmll-t,VtmmmmmmmmtmmmrLADIES' PUMPS AND OXFORDSIn Patent and Brown KidWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLow PricesLadies' Patent Kid Pumps djo QLadies' Dark Tan Eng- i-r fco A(. Jish Oxfords JpfKOU-O 4JJChildren's Black Kid M. J. caPumps pl.frJ fyc&-6Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-Over$5.00$3.50Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy ReignVr.