V1i$"! .""THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUEsbAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.i-.1"PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 15 1919VOLUME XXXVIII1c&'i"LETTER PARTLY CLEARS AWAYTHE JAMES CAIN MYSTERY.With, the receipt of a letter hereby Mrs. Walter Payne, who has beenprominently identified with the RedCross work in Bourbon county sincethe beginning of .he war, and morelately in the Home Service work ofthat organization, it is thought thata part of the mystery surroundingthe man who attempted to fleece Mr.John Cain out of a sum of money,has been cleared up. The details arestill fresh in the memory of the people of this city.When Mr. Cain received a telegram on July 5 purporting to be fromhis son, James Cain, asking thattwenty dollars be wired to him atNew London, Conn., it revived Mr.Cain's hopes that his son might bereally alive. Friends, however, knewthat it was the attempt of someheartless person to extort moneyfrom him. Decoy telegrams andmoney orders were sent to"Noel Stevens," at New London,Conn. In a few days a message camehere to the effect that "Stevens" hadbeen arrested and was being held bythe police of that city. He was laterturned over to the military authorities. It is said that the letter receivedhere by Mrs. Payne was written byNoel Stivers, a former resident ofParis, who is or has been in the service, and whose escapades have appeared in print before. The letter,it is alleged, told Mrs. Payne of hisarrest and detention for the militaryauthorities at New London on acharge of impersonating a dead soldier, and attempting to secure money"by false pretenses. He admitted hisguilt, it is stated, but said, in extenuation of his offense, that he wasunder the influence of liquor at thetime, and asked Mrs. Payne to tryto induce Mr. Cain not to prsecutehim. The latter has not indicatedjust what steps will be taken, but itis more than likely that the matterwill be carried out to the end. Theoffender has been photographed bythe New London police, and as soonas a copy of the photo reaches Parisand the identification is made absolutely certain, vigorous steps willfollow.RELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR HOUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSLnSiiiSH BHBHaHar SSSaBBaBaalaMTii i ii igTapaBpBjBaBBjaja ' - laaalFUTURISTWoman's Modern UndergarmentCOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.. LADIES OUTFITTERS-" - . Automobile DeliveryTHE FATHERLESSDREN OF FRANCE.CHErMrs. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,who is chairman in this county forthe Fatherless Children of FranceRelief movement, is in receipt of aletter from Mr. Phillip Posener, ofNew York, Assisstant Treasurer ofthe fund, which is highly commendatory of the work being carried onin this city and county under Mrs.Hancock's supervision. The letterfollows:"July 10, 1919."Mrs. A. B. Hancock,"Paris, Kentucky,"My Dear Mrs. Hancock:"Thank you for your letter of July7. We do not believe that Paris,Kentucky, which has made such adren, is going to desert the childrennow."I am perfectly sure that you willbe able to take care of all the 155children. When other cities are realizing that in spite of the cessationof hostilities the -need is great, andare making every effort and takingtheir children for an additional year,Paris is not going to fall by the wayside. Surely, the name was takenfrom the Paris of France, and youare going to live up to it."Will you not, through the newspapers, appeal to the prid eof theresidents to hold up their end of thework?"If your committee cannot takecare of the children they will bedropped. We have so many newchildren waiting for adoption, andeach committee has its own family toreadopt, that we cannot transferthem elsewhere."With confidence that you will notlet them suffer,"Very sincerely yours,"PHILIP POSENER.""Assistant Treasurer."BEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE.SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.E. M. WHEELER,QL-tf) Robneel Building.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanH)R. mmmmmmJINTERESTING OIL NOTESThe extreme heat wave which hasbeen hovering over the oil fields inhoth the eastern and western sections has caused a slight retardationin the amount of drilling that is generally in evidence of these sections.During the past week only 55 completions were reported on the Boardof the Kentucky Oil Exchange.President W. R. Blakemore andQnloc: Mnnnp-er P.hnrlp5 P. Mann ofWVW A-.V.lO w w..wm A. .,.& ythe Lee-Kent Oil Company, are backhome from a tour of inspection of thecompany's property in Lee county.Two fine wells are flowing a goodrun of oil and well No. 3, now down600 feetr is expected to drill in thisweek. These wells are on the Poplar Thicket lease in Big Sinking.The Jake Moulder gusher, whichwas completed by the Swiss Oil Corporation, has been the subject of themost interest yet caused by a Kentucky well. This will be completedat a depth of 375 feet and from thegreat flow of oil from the well wnenit was shot. The drillers reportedthat it is good for at least 4,000 barrels or possibly 5,000. This is thelargest .well that the Kentucky fieldshave ever produced.The announcement is made byAbram Renick, president of the Mc- Prnmhs Producing and Refining: Com- Dpany, that the surplus earnings ofthe company have been sufficient tomeet the payment of the quarterlydividend for the period ending July30, as shown by auditing of thebooks which is now nearing completion. The stockholders of the company met at the offiees m Winchester during the past week.The Swiss Oil Corporation, whichhas offices in Lexington, and ofwhich J. Fred Miles is General Manager, has brought in the most productive oil well in Kentucky on theJake Moulder farm, in Warrencounty, on the Barren River, 20 milesfrom Bowling Green.The well is estimated by personswho have seen it flowing into anearthern tank and overflowing thatinto a dammed up ravine, to be goodfor more than 4,000 barrels per day.This property was purchased lastmonth by the company from Ohio andIndiana parties."BASIS WATER COMP'aSy'" "-We have had numerous inquiriesregarding a supposed advance in ourcharges for water, and, therefore,wish to state that there has been NOCHANGE since that announced inour circular and advertisement oflast December, when we restored theold contract rates, with an additionof ten per cent, to make up in partfor increased costs to us.Any increase in the amount of yourJuly bill over those of April and January is explained by the fact that theentire ten per cent, increase referred to above was not applied untilJuly 1st.DOMESTIC RATES.(Effective January 1, 1919)First Faucet ?6.60First Bath ' 5.50Additiorl.l Bath 3.dUFirst Closet 5.50Additional Closets 3.30First Hose 6.60Additional Hose 2.20METERED RATES.(Effective January 1, 1919)For quantity averaging less than1,000 gallons per day, ?.275 per1,000 gallons.For 1,000 to 5,000 gallons per day,$.242 per 1,000 gallons.For 5,000 to 10,000 gallons perday, $.22 per 1,000 gallons.For 10,000 to 20,000 gallons perday, $.198 per 1,000 gallons.For more than 20,000 gallons perday, $.176 per 1,000 gallons.Minimum charge, $16.50 per year.Any old meter rates for water forspecial purposes which conflict withthis schedule have been abolished.OVERDUE ACCOUNTS.We find on our books many accounts which are three months or,r mmriiio siTifJ a.?; it is imDOSSi-ble for us to continue to furnish water unless we are properly and1 promptly reimbursed, we are reluctantly obliged to announce uuau unless such bills are paid on or beforeJuly 17, service to these delinquentcustomers will be aisconunueu. msuch cases the service will not be resumed until the full amount due usis paid, together with a charge of$1.00 for turning on.BILLS DUE.All bills are due and payable onpresentation, and are rendered onthe first day of January, April, Julyand October, and hereafter must bepaid on the 15th of the same month,or service will be discontinued.Your co-operation will avoid forcing us to take the unpleasant stepsindicated above. rt,rT4MvPARIS WATER COMPANY.Newton Mitchell, Supt.July 12, 1919.GET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSI Genuine Palm Beach Suits, ?a;to $12.Straw Hats, ?1 to $b.White Shoes, $2 to $5. .-Save money and keep cool. ,, I. WOLLSTEIN,,,(8-tf) . . 619 Main Street)HCHEASES CFTY TAXES "DUE TOf TOT?. T1Y t kTXTEvery property owner in Paris hastjeen served with a notice from theQity Board of Tax Supervisors thattheir property has been raised. Itlias caused a great howl from the taxplayers, and a lot of dessension hasbeen caused, and a lot of discussion'of the present Tax Laws has been indulged in. THE NEWS man hasbeen drawn into several of these debates with our Democratic candidatefpr the Legislature.i In an interview, J. H. Thompson, a'student of taxation, said: "I told theTfx-payers of Harrison county, in anIV Wlaaaress m uyntniana recently, matfti view of the results obtained underthe present tax law it would seem almost unbelievable that any real estate owner could now endorse this5 Ian of taxation. The burden fallsoubly heavy on city real estate because it pays three different taxes.A.ny increase ordered by the Statefll naturally result in an increasecounty and city taxes, also."The principal protests that havebeen heard against the present taxfew -have come from the land ownersff the State. This has created thempression that the law was burdenins: farm nronerty to the exclusion toj pther real estate. This is a mistakenIdea because all real estate, whetherfarm lands, town lots or city buildings is treated alike under the law.In fact, town property suffers morefrom added burdens than farm lands,because ony increase in assessment6y the State usually results in a likeincrease for county and city purposesas well."The assessment of real estate isfirst made for State purposes. Thecounty is required to take the sameassessment; that is, the CountyEqualization Board is ordered by theState Tax Commission to make theassessment for State purposes, therefore in doing so, makes the assessment for county purposes at the sametime."Naturally the City EqualizationBoard will accept the values fixed oncity property by the county andState equalizer. Therefore, the lawwhich causes the increase in assessment for State purposes is responsible for the increase in county andcity taxes as well."The result of the recent increasein the city taxes of Paris will causea loss in revenue to owners of cityproperty. In some cases this will result in increased rentals to the ten-na-ntsof. residential and businessproperty."ifc.'V ;- i-- ., , -OEDER YOUR BERRIES BETTERDO IT NOW.Give us your order for blackberries. (It) C. P. COOK & CO.SEES DOMINATION OP FOOD PRODUCTS BY PACKERS.An approaching packer dominationof all important foods in the UnitedStates, and international control ofmeat products with foreign companies, seems a certainty unless fundamental action is taken to prevent it,the Federal Trade Commission declared in part of one of its reportsto President Wilson on the "extentand growth of power of the five packers in meat and other industries.""A fair consideration of the coursethe five packers have followed andthe position they have already reached," said the report, "must lead tothe conclusion that they threaten thefreedom of the market of the country's food industries and of the byproduct industries linked therewith.The meat packer control of otherfoods will not require long in developing."Declaring "the history of the pacKers' growth is interv oven with illegal commissions, and radiates withundisclosed control of corporations,"the report urged the independence offull publicity of corporate owenrshipfor all industries.O'IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Capt. Clyde Terwilliger, who returned a few days ago from overseasservice in the U. S. A. Medical Corps,ai rived here Saturday for a visit toMrs.- Terwilliger and little babe. Dr.Terwilliger will go to Camp ZacharyTaylor, where he will be musteredout in about ten days.Lieut. J. W. Waller is at home fromoverseas service in the Fifth Batallion of the Twenty-second Engineers,American Expeditionary Farces.During his stay in Europe, Lieut.Waller was cited by his regimentalcommander for meritous conduct. Heis in the.bst of health and lookingthe part of a man happy to again bein old Kentucky.o-REMOVAL NOTICE.The office of the Paris Water Co.has been removed to the corner ofMain and Broadway, in the Agricultural Bank building, where in thefuture all business will be transacted. Patrons are requested to call atonce in Teply to the notices justmailed to each consumer notifyingthem of their indebtedness to ourcompany. Water bille are now duedating from July 1 to Octoner l,Water rents not paid in 15 days willcause your service to be discontinued.PARIS WATEPv COMPANY.(11-tf) JNewt. Matchell, Supt.! iBODY OF JOHN POX, JR., PLACED 1US .LAST -KJ2STING- PLACE.In the presence of a large assemblage of friends and relatives, thebody of John Fox, Jr., one the mostdistinguished and best-known ofBourbon county's long list of menwho attained fame, was placed in itslast resting place on the family lotin the Paris Cemetery last Fridayafternoon. The body arrived fromBig Stone Gap, Va., his former home,in the special car of Mr. Miller, ofthe Intra State Railroad, and wastaken to the home of Miss LucySimms, on Mt. Airy avenue, where,during the day, hundreds of friendsand acquaintances called to pay theirrespects to the memory of one whohad helped to shed lustre upon thename of his .native county.The funeral was held at the graveside in the Paris Cemetery at fiveo'clock, Friday afternoon, conductedby Rev. W. E. Eillis, pastor of theParis Christian church, in which Mr.Fox's parents held membership during ineir residence nere. me lot onwhich the body was laid to rest is ona sloping piece of ground, surrounded fittingly, by a number of pinetrees, through whose boughs a requiem for the soul that had passed,could be heard. As the body was being carried to the grave a quartetsang, "Cast Thy Burdens On theLord." Selections from the Scriptures were read by Rev. Ellis, followed by prayer. As the body was lowered in the grave the quartet sang,"Christian's Goodnight." The benediction was pronounced, and thegrave clods closed over all that wasmortal of one who had contributedhis part to the world of letters andwho had made himself and his Statefamous. The grave was banked highwith beautiful flowers, attesting theesteem and love in which the peopleheld Mr. Fox.The casket was borne to the gravehy Hon. Claude M. Thomas, Judge H.Clay Howard, William E. Simms,Charles H. Berrymon,D UpsharBerryman and Edward Bassett,all boyhood friends and intimates of the deceased. The honorary pall-bearers were Webb J. Willett, Norton, Va.; J. M. Hodge, BigStone Gap, Va.; Maj. J. P. Bullitt,Philadelphia; R. E. Taggart, BigStone Gap, Va.; Victor Paynter, Norton, Va,, and H. L. Miller, Big StoneGap, Va., oREMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf ) ! l IHflPiD IfIf WE KNOW HW IIMid-SummerSUITSReady-to-Wear !It takes a good tailor yeara to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailor3 whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection.Palm BeachesMohairs andKool KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let U3 fix you out in a summer J outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan Shirtst?.A SHORTAGE IN SUGAR CAUSESHOUSEKEEPERS UNEASINESSThe suar shortage in this citYiutsprogressed to a point where the local- -grocers cannot go any further thantry to take care of their own custo-,mers. The sweet stuff has becomereally scarce, and it is probable that,it will come to the point where Vhmallotment process in vogue duringthe war may again take effect unlesftrelief comes through the wholesalers.It was stated here Saturday that theimmediate cause of the shortage 1sthe inabality of the wholesalers toget the sugar from brokers or the reflneraries. Cars which usually bringsugar to Paris at stated intervals tosupply the local demand have not afirived for some time, and the prospect .for a large supply is not encouraging'A bumner croD of blackberries inthis section this year is affected bythe sugar famine in that a large potioa of the crop hitherto made intopreserves will this season not be putup for winter sweets. The berries -have been coming into the Paris market for some time, but with no sugarfor prserving and canning, the onijj"demand for them will be for seryingf 'them fresh.The general opinion of wholesaleris that the shortage will continuethroughout July and August, withsome relief in early September. Themovement on foot to stop the exportation of sugar may bring aboutsome improvement in the situation.The sugar shortage does not stoptwith the granulated variety, but is;affecting the brown variety as well,-though the brown lasts longer, aspeople "will not use it as long as theycan get the granulated article. '-oVACATION HEEDS.Just what you need to make yourvacation comfortable, can be found,here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HUSTON &SON,AstsBIRTHS.In East Paris, to the wife of Mr. ,Everett Fryman, a daughter.To the wife of Mr. I. W. Bush,of Houston avenue, in this city, adaughter.To the wife of Mr. Charles Will-.mott, formerly Miss Tommle Brown,. ,on Kentucky avenue, in this city, ason, christened Charles Thomaa.o xA man isn't necessarily aa ex- tconvict because he doesn't care totalk about himself. He may be afflicted with modesty.BLAKEMORENtttltten ShoosDr. Rtod's CushionCaI -i5 Mw V-ytyJI ilJ1fJi'1hKIMi.r HGI TWOI8E BOURBON NEWSUtablished 188137 Years of Con, tinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayJ?r Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.&WEET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Altered at the Paris, Kentucky,Pottoffice as Mall Matter of the, . Second Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theManoter. standing or reputation otIriiy person, firm or corporation "whichpaay appear in the columns of THEPOURBON NEWS will be gladly corjtiwted'lf brought to attention of theiPlKor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per(Men for first time; 50 cents per inchoach subsequent insertion.VReading Notices, 10 cents per line(ach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.i Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and(rtmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special- rates for large advertiseVMnU'fend yearly contracts.i The 'right of publisher is reseivedio decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication,v Announcements for political officesfeauet invariably be accompanied by$he cash.ftANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceCTAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourdon County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 1919.We are authorized to announce N.rA. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forRepresentative from Bourbon CountyIn the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature.FOR CITY COUNCILMANEirst WardIWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. MORELAND as a candidate for Councilman from the FirstWard, in the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We, are authorized to announceET. FORD BREN.T a5 a, candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject? to actionof. the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J. .WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in 'the First Ward ofthe pity of Paris, Ky., subject toaction: of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceTHOMAS K1SER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionofthe Democratic party.rSecond WardWe are authorized toCATESBY SPEARS as aannouncecandidatefor Councilman in the Second Wardof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce EDBURKE as a candidate for Councilman in the Second Ward of the Cityof Paris, Ky., subject to action of theDemocratic party.We are authorized, to announceHUGH BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthVCity-of Paris, Ky., subject to theacjtipn pfftthe Democratic party.k. f-Thjrd Ward.-$Ve are authorized to announceGBORGE DOYLE as a candidate forCouncilman in the Third Ward 'of theCityipf Paris, Ky., subject to actionof 'the Democratic -party.. "? -" EDITORT hV MUSINGS.' .!A"Good Pal.-Do you ever stop to consider the- manner in which your boy employsTiis spare time? Do you sit and reador smoke or both and pay littleor no attention to him until he" does something of which you disapprove, then scold him? Or is heout of sight and out of mind, following his own inclination in the' oucst of amusement? Perhaps he isin the company of boys whose conduct is open to question; boys whoswear and smoke and tell filthystores. It should not be and need notibe-so.Girls are naturally more inclinedto -play the domestic games and to beinline company of the mother. But3xys are boys.It is characteristic of the boy tolook up to his daddy; to admire"him; to follow his example and -toimitate him. And .nothing willplease 'him more than for you, hisfather, to converse with him, not aswith a little boy, but as with a littleman.Consider this plan for some Sat-- urday or Sunday afternoon. Invitehim to join you in a walk. It mat-tefs little where you walk, that boyv. will 'find oodles of questions to askand more than once you will findyourself stumped and unable toanswer. And if you are unable totell him "the deepest depth of theoceaa,or "why the sky is blue," or"when and where the telephone was. "Viinvented and by whom," don't evadethe issue. Just confess to him youdo not know, and make it your business to find out about it when youget home. Then do it. You willfind yourself benefited as much as isthe boy. You will gain a wider anddeeper knowledge on more than onesubject.Talk with him. He thinks hisdaddy is IT. So it's up to you to beIT, as far as lies in your power.Use the best English possible inyour conversation and correct hisJ faulty dictation. Play with him.Throw stones at poles, and run 7even though Monday finds yourunused muscles stiff and sore. It'sworth the trial, and every time youmove and groan with pain, you willhave a corresponding thrill a thrillfor every twinge in the realizationthat you have done something worthwhile.The boy is one of the best educators in the land, and he as well asyourself will profit.There are dozens of fathers andsons in Paris who are hardly acquainted. What looks better than tosee a father and son who are chumsin the true sense?Cultivate him. You'll find himthe best pal yet.Whose Ox Is Gored?A string of newspapers zigzagging the country raked in aboutfour million pennies a day up toless than two years ago. Penniesmay not amount to much, but allthese newspapers doubled their saleprices, with the result that insteadof four million there are now eightmillion pennies a day collected intotreasury. And these are the principal papers of the country that areranting about "high prices," and thecharge made for service by the railroads, street car lines, lighting andpower systems. One of these papers,printed in Washington, says that after awhile things will be cheaper,and "then the street car companieswill not need to increase fares inorder to keep out of bankruptcy."The same newspaper has carried tjiestories of necessary prices of commodities, labor, etc., amounting tofrom 50 to 100 per cent, in most instances. 4However, publications of this kindhave saved their own oxen from being gored and they wax fat on creating class hatred by attacking defenceless industrial interests.A. F. of L. Backs Better Pay ForTeachers.A dispatch from Milwaukee, wherethe National Educational Association's convention is in session, statesthat the Legislative Representativeof the American Federation of Labor has pledged the support of thatbody in a campaign for better wagesfor American public school teachers.This is in line with action taken atthe recent Atlantic City conventionof this big labor organziation, andshows that the laboring men ofAmerica appreciate the importanceof good education for young people ofthe country.During a session of the MilwaukeeConvention, Miss Margaret Haley, ofChicago, declared that a desperateeffort is being made by "the big business interests to get in control of theassociation, which they regard'as thecitadel of future public opinion inthe United States." This warning.note is worthy of serious consideration. The public school system ofAmerica is one institution which cannever be commercialized; any movement to that end would be a menaceto democratic government and shouldbe choked to death without a moment's hesitation. Business, whetherbig business or small, has no business meddling with our-., publicschool system that is one thingwhich is now and always, the business of the public.v Even The Men.We have always boasted that thewomen were the original gossips andwere very much taken aback whena lady friend told us the followinglittle story:"It was a little dinner just , forfour and a remark was made that Iprivately challenged."I made 6 little bet with myselfpromptly; if I won I would takeFrench pastry for dessert, if I lostI would try to be charming and askfor cheese and wafers."I waited most patiently and wasrewarded by an exciting morsel ofgossip, which caused us all to become busily engaged in figuring howit all happened not too busy, however, that I couldn't enjoy my Frenchpastry very-very much."The host had told us the tale,cheerfully foregtting his first remarkthat 'men never, never gossip. Perhaps they use another word. Dothey?"Luke McLuke once said: "If itwasn't for the men the womenwould be the biggest gossips onearth." And perhaps Luke wasright.Ruthing to tht GraveEverything hurries in New York, including the undertakers. If thomourners will consent to the vehiclemoving at a trot on the way to thecemetery, the charge is about half of Jthat for a walking funeral. EmporiaGazette.The more worthless a man theeasier itls for some women to marryhim.1, '$MILLERSBURGMr. Henry Patterson is somewhat improved.Dr. C. C. Fisher left Saturday fora few days' sojourn at Louisville.Miss Anna James McClintockarrived home Sunday from herschool duties at Baltimore, Md.Buy your candy, peanuts, andfruit, at Caldwell's. Remember weare just in front of ,the Chautauquagrounds.Mr. G. L. Hill and family havetaken rooms at M. C.,which they willoccupy until they can get possessionof their own home in the fall.Mr. and Mrs.. C. W. Corringtonreturned Thursday after a few weeks'visit to her mother, Mrs. Adella Miller, and other relatives at Atlanta,Ga. " - 'Mr. R. M. Caldwell and littleson, Robert Bayles Caldwell, were atthe bedside of her 'sister, Mfs. Geo.Jeffreys, at Lexington, Friday, whois quite illMr. and Mrs. C. W. Howard andson, Lieut. Thomas Howard, of Lexington, the latter having recently returned from France, arrived Sundayas guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. D. McIntyre. Mrs. Bales DeBell, of Ewing, wasthe guest of her daughter, Mrs. R.M. Caldwell, Thursday. She was enroute to visit her daughter, Mrs.Jeffreys, who is quite ill at her homein Lexington.From all indications shoes willgrow higher in price. All materialis on a steady advance. Thus far weare selling shoes at the same pricewe started out with. Take advantage of this opportunity, and buynow, as they will soon advance inprice. R. M. CALDWELL.Millersburg Chautauqua openedMonday afternoon with Carmeliny'sOld Colonial Band, with concert, thesame giving a prelude in the evening, with C. W. 'Wassan at lecturer,subject, "The Secret of Power." Allthe entertainments were good, andwere enioyed by all present. A largeaudience was in attendance, this, too,in view of the fact that it is a verybusy seaspn.SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstove's, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duringJuly.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.0HOW THEY WILL STAND ON THEOFFICIAL BALLOT.THE NEWS has received number-ous inquiries as to how the Demorjcratic candidates' names will appear;on the official ballot to be voted inthe primary election on August 2.The ticket will be as shown in theaccompanying:For Governor P. J. Noel, JamesD. Black, John D.' Carroll; For Lieutenant-GovernorW. H. Shanks, R.C. Oldham; For Secretary of StateD. E. McQuery, Matt S. Cohen, FrankP. Hager; For Auditor of Public Accounts J. W. P. Brouse, John W.Rawlings, Andrew Clark Vance,Henry M. Bosworth; For AttorneyGeneral Frank E. Daugherty, R.W. Lisariby, Ryland C. Musick, AllenWilson Baker; For Clerk of, the Courtof Appeals Alvin Steger, John A.Goodman, William B. O'Connell; ForState Superintendent of Public Instruction W. P. King, Rice S.Eubank, L. E. Foster; For Commissioner of Agriculture,. Labor and Statistics John W. Newman, James G.Cecil; For Representative from Bourbon County James H. Thompson.oTHE WEATHER.The Weather Bureau ot Washington predicts a continuation of theprevailing heated spelli, with very little relief in prospect. During thepast few days "the temperature hasequalled that of the tropics, reachingas hich as 100 degrees several times.Sultry nights have made sleep almostimpossible, and midnight has seenlawn parties at numerous homes inthe city, where -the home-dwellerspreferred taking qhances on keepingoutside until necessity should drivethem in. A slight breeze yesterdaypartly conquered old Sol's activity,but still, there was heat enough toremind one of Peter Vinegar's celebrated day.oNEW WHEAT CROP COMING INFREELY.Bourbon county's new wheat crophas been coming in freely from thethreshers, both by motor trucks andwagons. The quality is reported asmedium, but the yield is falling farshort of expectations in most cases.Many crops have averaged as muchas thirty bushels.Buyers are paying $2.14 perbushel for the cereal delivered. Thisprice was quoted by the Paris MillingCo. Saturday.o-THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTThe following is said to be theshortest sentence that contains allletters of the English .alphabet:"Pack my box with five dozen liquorjugs." In view of the activity ofgovernment agents in looking forviolations of the prohibition laws, itis likely to lead to some very muchlonger sentences.oDR FRANKLIN TAKING SPECIALCOURSE IN OPTOMETRYDr. William Riley Franklin, Optometrist, of Paris, is in Chicago,where be is pursuing a specialcourse of study in optometry. Hewill install a complete lens grindingplant, and will take care of all workof that kind with, his own machine.THE BOITCBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY. -4- 'Wallace Hibler, who has been inthe service overseas for severalmonths, in the engineer's branch ofthe army, arrived in Paris yesterdayto remain. Mr. Hibler received hisfinal discharge papers at Camp Zachary Taylor. ' He landed in Americaabout a week ago.Corp. Herman Barlow arrived atNewport News, Va last week, froman overseas service of several monthsand will go this week to Camp Zachary Taylor, where he will be mustered out of the service. Corp. Barlowwill return to Paris as soon as hereceived his final discharge papers.Private Leo Hayden, formerly ofParis, sent his parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Hayden, in this city, a message announcing his safe arrival, atan Eastern port. He had been in active service with the" American Expeditionary Force in France for several months. Private Hayden expects to receive his discharge fromthe service soon, and return to Parisfor a short stay.After a year's service in the FourthAmerican Railway Division of theAmerican Expeditionary Force, inFrance, 'Robert Batson has receivedhis honorable discharge, and has returned to his' home in this city. Edgar (Smiley) Dodge, who has been inthe same service, passed throughParis, recently, en route tcj CampZachary Taylor, where he will bemustered out of the service.The following: orders have been received by Chief Gunner's Mate EdwinJ. Patin, naval recruiting oflicer,from Lieutenant J. H. Teach, of headquarters, at Louisville: "You may accept young men from 17 to 18 yearsof age for apprentice seamen for thehospital prentice. This is a new billet and very desirable to young menwho have just graduated from highschool. Musicians are also wantedfor duty with an organization in theCentral Division."Color Sergeant Roger Q. Thomson,Jr., will arrive in Paris in a few daysto be a guest of his great-aunt, Mrs.John T. Hinton. Sergt. Thomson hasrecently arrived at Camp Mills, NewYork, after a service in France of several months. He is a son of Mr. andMrs. Roger Q. Thomson, of Columbia, S. C, formerly of Paris.At the conclusion of his visit hereSergt. Thomson will visit his parents, and his sister, Mrs. RobertCain, at Hendersonville, In the BlueRidge Mountains, in North Carolina.The iarty will spend the remainderof the summer at Hendersonville.IMPORTANT NOTICE !Consideration of the contemplatedextensions and improvements in ourservice, which we have in (mind hasresulted in a slight delay in gettingout our July bills.In order that we may be enabledto carry through these plans with allpossible dispatch it is necessary thatour customers for their part givepropmt attention to the payment oftheir accounts, which will be rendered within a few days.We wish particularly to call attention to 'delinquent accounts.which we hardly feel justified incarrying further.It is our firm belief that with the;co-operation of the public we can develop a service which will be a decided improvement even over thatwliich we have heretofore been ableto furnish.PARIS WATER COMPANY;.Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.o-ACCIDENT, IS JURY'S VERDICTA jury presided over by Dr. DavidW. Stephens, Kenton County Coroner, returned a verdict Friday afternoon that the death of Joseph H.Murray, 23 years old, whose bodywas found in the Y. M. C. A. pool, mCovington, July 1, was due to an unavoidable accident.The verdict of the jury exonoratesofficials of the Y. M. C. A. from negligence, and states every precautionhad been-talcen to safeguard membersof the Y. M. C. A.The inquest was held at the request of Thomas Murray, father ofJoseph Murray, who had told Dr.Stephens that he was not satisfiedwith the theory that his son met hisdeath by striking his head againstthe edge of the pool after divingfrom a springboard.oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMr. John Brophy purchased of Mr.Frank Burton four lots in the newFairview addition to Paris; locatedon the North Middletown pike, forabout 650. The lots adjoin property already owned by Mr. Brophy.The old McCarney homestead, onPleasant street, was sold last weekby Miss Iva McCarney, to Mr. J. D.Wilson r of Harrison county, for $3,000. Mr. Wilson will more to Paristo reside permanently. The sale wasmade through Harris & Speaker realestate agents, of Paris. This propertywas for many years the home ofMr: John McCarney, one of the pio:neersvof Paris, and of the late Geo.T. McCarney.COMFORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, NOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADETfie New Iceberg Refrigerator"saves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.JUDGE CARROLL GETS HRSTPLACE ON BALLOT.In drawing for positions on theballot for the primary election inJefferson county, Judge John D. Carroll won Nftrst niace over P, J. Noeland-.Gov. Black, whose names willappear second and third, respectively.A. B. HANCOCK'S CELT HEADS (LIST OF WIN JNIH1 SUtiflS.Sires of winning two-year-olds invariably make the fashion and thesires withthe greatest number ofwinners make the market for yearlings. This season Celt heads the list,the son of CompnaJida Maid of Erinowned by Arthur B. Hancock, ofBourbon county, and proprietor ofthe Claiborne stud in Kentucky andthe Ellerslie in Virgnia, at whichplace the leading sire .now stands,having ten to his credit with a totalamount won of $16,701. Celt hashad no one representative to pile uphis winnings, but the ten winnersfurnish an average of $1,670, figuresthat speak volumes for the numberof colts and fillies by Celt racing inthe East and West. Cinderella Is thelargest money winner by the son ofCommando and Maid of Erin, butHead Over Heels has raced in bettercompany than any of the youngstersby the great sire.oSUMMER COMPLAINT IN CHILDREN. There is not anything like so manydeaths from this disease now as before Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy came into such general use. When this remedy isgiven with, castor oil as directed andproper care is taken as to diet, it issafe to say inai iuiiy -ninety-miie outof every hundred cases recover. Mr.W. G., Campbell, of Butler, Tenn.,says:"I have used Chamberlian'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forsummer complaint in children. It isfar ahead of anything I have everused for this purpose."(july-adv)oCOMMISSIONER COHEN GIVES ESTIMATE OF WHEAT CROP.According to the monthly reviewof State Commissioner of AgricultureCohen, just issued, the estimatedwheat yield for Kentucky this yearis 15,000,000 bushels, or an averageof 14.7 bushels to the acre. The corncrop is progressing .nicely, but needscultivation badly. A wet May delayed the planting, and this togetherwith acute labor shortage and thepressure of wheat harvest, has notpermitted the attention it shouldhave. Oats crop is estimated at zibushels to the. acre.The Burley tobacco crop is reported to be 80' per cent, normal and thedark tobacco crop 81 per cent. Hayis rated at 1 tnos per acre. Cloveris rated in the report at 93, bluegrass 95, orchard grass 93, alfalfa99 and garden truck at 87 per cent.Live stock is reported to be generally in good condition.Steer Taken Up.A red steer, weighing about 700 or800 pounds, has strayed to my place(the Hinton Farm) on the NorthMiddletown pike. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying charges.(ll-6t) R. L. WILSON.For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS F. UAM-F.BtfL.ij,(4-6t)Ponies Wanted!I will be in Paris on the market onSaturday, July 19, 1919.to purchase ponies from 45 inches to55 inches, gentle for children. Ifyou have good stock for sale, see mein Paris on that date.FRANK PETERS,(11-15-18) Springfield, Ky.Public SaleorDesirable Residence!As agent for the heirs of the lateMiss Belle Mitchell, I will sell atpublic auction, on the prepiises, onPleasant street, onThursday, July 24, 1919,at two o'clock, p. m., the desirableresidence of MissBelle Mitchell, oneof the most desirably located andwell-constructed modern homes incity. The residence is a two-storybrick, with slate roof; right side ofthe street; near business center, carlines and churches.This home has all the modern conveniences; good furnace, and is ingood repair. Can be seen at anytime by appointment.At the same time and place I willsell the household effects, comprisingmany useful articles, includingchairs, tables, rugs, carpets, sideboard, dressers, beds, etc.J. T. VANSANT, Agent.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(8-5t)Attention !Autoists!Give in your automobiles for taxation now and . save penalty. Wehave a complete list of all autoowners in Bourbon County, so nonewill get away. The law requires youto come to our office and give in yourlists. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.J. J. REDMON, Deputy.(4-4t)TUESDAY, JULY 15, 113HONEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the. BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFifeTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.J. FEE' AGENTWilmoth'sFreshHome!Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc,DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376:aSiur ton's! Confectionery Store!Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT POB M. IB0LDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND S0NADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe forl"! making delicious Ice Cream.fin Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice CreamK (Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.i Fancy Jces for PartiesIHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, Set Us.1FRANK BURTONXI:-:a:-:iXIsfI TUESDAY, JULY 15,-1919THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PAItIS, EEKTUIXTIAGBTTA ResolutionEEQTJIRING THE CONSTRUCTIONOP PAVEMENTS ON THE WESTSIDE OF HTEIAN AVENUE INPARIS, KENTUCKY, IN FRONTOP THE PROPERTY OP THELOUISVILLE & NASHVILLERAILROAD COMPANY, E. T.RULE, 2RS. MARY WALKER,MRS. L. R. BRAMBLETT, J. J.YEATCH, CLARENCE PLUMMER,JOHN CHISHOLM, MRS. R. M.HARRIS, JAMES DAUGHERTY,AND H. D. SHY.(1) BE IT RESOLVED by theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, that because of the absence of pavements in front of thelots of the persons hereinafter named in the City of Paris, Kentucky,and because of the amount of travelon said street, that the improvementof Fithian Avenue in said City by theconstruction of concrete pavement onthe west side of Fithian Avenue is anecessity, to-wit:In. front of the property ofThe Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company.'E. T. Rue.Mrs. Mary Walker.Mrs. L. R. Bramblett.J. J. Veatch.Clarence Plummer.John Chisholm.Mrs. R. M. Hams.James Daugherty.H. D. Shy.(2) That said pavement be madeof concrete according to the plans Jand specifications heretofore adopted,and of a grade to be established bythe Improvement Committee of theCity of Paris, Kentucky.(3) That this resolution shall bein full force and effect from and after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest: i , iJ. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.An OrdinancePROVIDING POR THE ORIGINALCONSTRUCTION OF MAINSTREET. IN THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY, FROM THENORTH MARGIN OF TENTHSTREET TO THE SOUTH MARGIN OF FOURTEENTH STREET,AND OF PLEASANT STREETFROM THE NORTH MARGIN DFSECOND STREET TO THE SOUTHMARGIN OF TWELFTH STREET,WITH VITRIFIED BRICK, ASPHALT, BITUIITHIC, WOODBLOCKS, ROCK ASPHALT, CONCRETE PAYING OR OTHERTYPE OF PAVED STREET; BYTHE CONSTRUCTION OF CURBSAND GUTTERS ON BOTH SIDESTHEREOF, EXCEPT WHERETHE SAME IS ALREADY CONSTRUCTED IK CONFORMITYWITH THE SPECIFICATIONSFOR THE PROPOSED WORK,AND PROVIDING FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE COSTS THEREOF.BE IT RESOLVED, by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, inreular meeting assembled at theCity Hall in the City of Paris, Kentucky, on Thursday night, June 26,1919, that pursuant to resolutionsheretofore adopted on May 22, 1919,and duly published, as required bylaw the following described streetsand parts of streets in the City ofParis, Kentucky, b improved by theoriginal construction of the roadwaysthereof, with vitrified brick, asphalt,bitulithic, wood blocks, rock asphalt,concrete paving or other type of paved street, and by the construction ofcurbs and gutters on both sidesthereof, except where the same is already constructed in conformity withthe plans and specifications for theproposed work, to-wit:Main street from the north line ofTenth street to the south line ofFourteenth street.Pleasant street from the north lineof Second street to the south line ofTwelfth street.(2) That said improvement shallbe made according to plans andspecifications to be adopted by theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,and that a suitable and 'competentengitaeer be employed to prepare suchplans and specifications.(3) That the cost of improvingsaid roadways shall be paid as follows, to-wit:One-third 'of tite total cosj?nereof, including the cofsjp'of theimprovement J- of the intersec-sections witndther a p'ubiicrajfSincluding oneRftf of the , width' 6streets or alleya-'being imprby'eaof,other streets or'allevs-which!' runinto.but do not cross the stfee't or;aliey"3oi'28, 1919, at'ejght ojclock p..;m.uiufe xuiiuvcuj auui Liuhi jparuojiivl amy street aouinng upon tne prop-,,erty eiongingqthe City, and thecost of the Improvement wtiere theabutting owner is a public school.cemetery,-county, State of .the United States:9hallbe' piavhy the CitySOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. J. T. Todd has returned froma visit to friends and relatives inMadison, county.Mrs. N. B. Taylor and son, Edwin Taylor, of Louisville, are guestsof relatives in this city.Miss Delia Shrout has returnedto her home in Carlisle, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Lon Case, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Stivershave returned from a visit to thelatter's mother, Mrs. Loughenia Collins, in Cincinnati.Misses Nina and Aileen Hazelrigg, of Louisville, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Wm, McCray and family, atNorth Middletown.Mr. C. T. Evans has returned tohis home in Mississippi, after a visitto friends and relatives in the NorthMiddletown vicinity.Mrs. Lawrence McCandless, ofHenderson, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. Thomas Wells, in the NorthMiddletown vicinity.Miss Emily Delong has returnedto her home in Danville, after a visitto Miss Delia Tinder, and otherfriends in North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Fee, ofCharleston, South Carolina, areguests of the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee, and family.Miss Hilda Threlkeld, of Maysville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Mrs. Henry A. Power, and family, inthis city.Among those from a distancewho attended the fueral of Mr. JohnFox, Jr., in this city, Friday afternoon, were Mrs. R. A. Carr and Mrs.H. B. Hart, of Maysville. Mr. Foxwas a cousin of Mis. R. A. Carr, Jr.Mrs. F. L. Lapsley and children,of Shelbyville, formerly of Paris, accompanied by Miss Nellie McClintock, of this city, have gone to Hampton, Va., for a visit to Mrs. Patton.They will spend a part of their timeat Buckrow Beach, Va., a summer resort. Mrs. Jesse Kennedy has arrivedfrom El Paso, to join her husband,who is making Paris his headquarters in the interest of the TwinGusher Oil & Gas Co. Mrs. Kennedywill visit in Lexington and Cincinnati before returning to her Texashome.Miss Marjorie Trisler, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisler, ofthis city, left Sunday on an extended automobile trip, as a guest of heruncle, Mr. Fred Legg, of Cincinnati.The party that will make the trip iscomposed of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Legg,of Cincinnati; Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Robinson and daughter, Miss EllenRobinson, of Charlestown, West Va.,and Miss Trisler. They will go toCleveland, Buffalo, New York, Atlantic City, Niagara Falls, Toronto,of Paris, out of the general fund;and the remaining two-thirds of saidcost and the costs of all curbing andguttering shall be made at the exclusive cost of the owners of realestate abutting, on such improvement, to be apportioned among andassessed upon the lots or parcels ofreal estate abutting feet, and atax shall be levied upon such lots orparcels of real estate for the paymentof. the cost assessed thereon, whichtax shall be due and payable to theCity Treasurer's office upon the completion of the work and acceptancethereof by the Board of Council; provided, however, that the portionassessed against the abutting property may be paid on the ten-year-paymentplan as provided by law.(4) Any such tax which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes due and payable, unless the property owners shall haveexercised their option to pay for sameon the ten year payment plan, asabove provided, shall have addedthereto a penalty of 10 per cent, ofthe amount of the tax, and thereshall be a lien upon such lots or parcels of real estate for the part of thecost of said improvement so assessedthereon, and-the same-shall; hear interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from the time of the assessment until paid.(5) This ordinance shall have tworeadings before the Board of Council,and ten days shall intervene betweenthe first and second readings. Uponthe final adoption of this ordinancethe Improvement Committee is directed to advertise for bids for twoconsecutive weeks in The BourbonNews and Kentuckian-Citizen, newspapers published in Bourbon County,Kentucky, the official publications of the city of Paris,for the construction of said streets,out of each of the materials as hereinprovided, and shall let the bid to thelowest and best bidder on the material adopted for the construction ofsaid streets. Said Committee shalL,require a cash deposit or certifiedcheck from each bidder for an amountequal to 10 per cent of the total aggregate of his bid, to insure compliance with said bid, in the event thesuccessful bidder fails to enter intoa contract with the City, of Paris, forthe performance of said work andgive good and sufficient bond, conditioned for the faithful performanceof his contract, within ten days afterthe award is made, then" in that eventthe sum so deposited shall be forfeited to the city as liquidated damages,for such failure to enter into" saidcontract and execute said bond; thedeposits made by unsuccessful bidders shall be returnedtosuchT'unsuccessful bidders immediately afterthe awar4 is madeM-Ulbids shall beIn writing1 anllf'unffer, seal and addressed tof J.fwHarueflXHerk r0f theT CityofJTi ". ' --c- JL j--5 i.Jfaris, ajia sustuk ue. uytjucu m iucpresence of theoatd of Council at"$.special meet&g'of sahi ..Council atthe City Haii-pn;jvioi(iay nignt, juiy73 .TMsjorflinance shall' hecomeeffectifejd he in lull force .fromand"aftelits passage and publicationas "required by law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.- i Attest:- T- JVJ. W, HAYDENClerkBASS DILLARD REPORTED IN SATURDAY. 4500 BARRELS!Don't be caught asleep at the switch. You can' get TWIN GUSHER if youhurry at $1.50 per shareTHE NORTHWESTERNBILLION DOLLAR?TCT7rr:rrrIf you don't get yourJESSE F. KENNEDYCanada, and other points of interest,the trip requiring about three weeks. 1Mrs. Spears Moors and son, Stew- Iart Moore, have returned from a visitto relatives in Covington and Cincinnati.Mrs. Maria Merrimee, of Shawhan, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Walter Payne, in New Richmond,Ohio.Mr. David Pence, one of thebest-known farmers in the county, isseriously ill at his home near NorthMiddletown.Miss Louise Howard has returned to her home in Cynthiana after avisit to her mother, Mrs. J. H. Howard, on Cypress street.Miss Archange Howland, ofWashington, D. C, was guest of honor at a dinner party by her hosts,Mr. andMrs. Hiram Roseberry, attheir home on Main street.Mr. C. L. Bell, president of theBourbon Oil & Development CoVTk. . . .n i.a-mr mf "lvi.v a m ru"ri", r4SL- vv r jjp K!pfe -J?& rj''xf7wie'jJ5?fcr ! - ,-2-3Zj)o jfcntrp. GcMftf$e Courrv I ,- rsjbfrgar L "To RSIf-r0 I oii ssnr II I I II I ill II I m ffiakg teflXTWIN GUSHER' -Eif l?l jpgNTi ;p a- t " cNJWcf JowMJ-'r' fiscfL etrljs ;.!i!3-; k iL-iz -sFS. ! , Xjv pi nricA;J .Cp ,? TET?RtLl COUNT Wlj" " rjTspent several days last week in Dan-' Hinton and Mr. Dickson go on a busville and other Central Kentucky ' iness mission, while Mr. Davis goestowns on business connected with to join Mrs. Davis, who is spendinghis company. i j the summer at Nantucket, RhodeMrs. James R. Grinnell, Jr., and ',Island- ' ' i ---.Miss Lena Cooper, of this city, leftyesterday for Lake Junaluska, N. C,where they will attend the sixth annual session of the Epworth League,Southern Assembly, for MethodistYoung People.Mrs. Thomas Higgins is visitingher mother, Mrs. Robert Morris, inIndianapolis. She was accompaniedby Mrs. Howard Carr and son, Chas.Phillip Carr. Before returning Mrs.Carr will visither uncles, Mr. E. M.Mann, in Terre Haute, and Mr. J.K. Mann, in Martinsville.Mr. Ryland C. Musick, of Breathitt county, was in Paris, Fridaymeeting the voters. Mr.'MuBick is acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Attorney-General. Mr.Musick was chaperoned by Hon.Claude M. Thomas. He laughinglydeclared that he was a sure winner,but that he wanted to meet the people personally.Miss Nell Whaley has returnedfrom Camp Upton, New Jersey, whereshe has-been fengaged in hospitalwork at the Base Hospital among thedisabled soldiers. She will spendher vacation at the home of her father, Mr. H. Clay Whaley, on Cypressstreet, and return to her duties atthe Camp. She has a position as Reconstruction Aide, teaching Englishand mathematics.The home of Mr. and Mrs. FrankE. Faulconer, on High street, wasthe scene recently of a happy gathering when a number of young peoplehelned to celebrate'lJie birthday' ofthe daughter of the home, Miss MaryTemplih Faluconer. About sixtylittle people enjoyed the afternoon inplaying 'games, and other amusements, after which they were servedice cream, mints and cakes.Mrs. John Yerkes was hostess recently to a gathering of friends ather apartments in the Robneel, ,inhonor of Miss Margaret Griffith, ofKansas City, who is the guest ofMiss Nancy Griffith, t of Pleasantstreet A number of games of bridgewere enjoyed -by the guests, afterwhich a delicious salad course wasaarvaA The ffiiefitB were: MissesMargarSfGrifflthNaricy GriffithT andRachel Wiggins, Mr. and Mrs. wm.B. ,-ArderyJVfr. WooAfoMl Buckner,m-'QlarenceK. ThomasTVfrs .Tnhn "Varices.7 t.; .rj..'Afcu:' Erefc? ir x-riepury state -rjre 110w4?u;Hlte was in Paris on a ssem-gmwaivlslLTSatufday, andmingling gfithtie f 'friends of othwgdays. l3He hasbeeCon-an, insebo& tour of Eastern Kentucky 'where he was engagedin, inspecting xne nr uciidiuucuwand taking up oher matters connected, withthe businessof theoffice. He 'said that after a longwhirl in business he was glad to geta chance to come- back to the oldhome on a visit, and, in fact, had- ! PHburkburnettOIL STRIPTHNshare of the millions being made in Texasnever had a chance.RUDOLPH DAVISjust a little touch of homesicknessas an incentive.Mrs. J. R. Miller, of Louisville,formerly Miss Mary Rassenfoss, ofthis city, is visiting friends and relatives in this city.Prof. M. A. Comack has arrivedfrom San Antonio, Texas, to spendthe summer vacation with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Comack,and family, on Eighth street.Mr. Lee Price and Mr. RobertL. Frank, of the firm of L. Frank &Co., are in New York an a businessmission. They were accompanied byRobert L. Frank, Jr., who will go toSaranac Lake for an extended stay.Mr. and Mrs. Hillary Ormes havereturned to their home in Morrow,I Ohio, after a week's visit to Mr.Orme's sister, Mrs. Alonzo Case, ofWalker avenue. They were accompanied by their little niece, Miss Augusta Case.Messrs. Oscar T. Hinton, EmmettM. Dickson and John F. Davis havegone to New York City. Mr.-Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis; whohas been visiting in Paris, left Saturday for her home in New York.She was accompanied by her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,who will be her guests in New YorkCity for several days. During theirabsence Mrs. Clay's sister, MissLutje Williams, who resides withthem at Paris, will be with Mrs.Frank Williams and Mrs. WallerRhodes, Jr., and family, in Lexington. j(Other Personals on Page 5) 'oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods, and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall eoods the big reductions during July.NE. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oNEW AUTO OWNERS.The Kentucky Motor Sales Company, of Lexington, reports the saleof a Schacht truck to the ScottGarage, of Paris. The Lexington,Cadillac Company sold and delivereda Cadillac touring car to WilliamGrimes, of Paris.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againtthall with . vYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)Glasses PrescribedMade and FittedIn One DayIn one day's time, we will giveyjryes a ftfP?1 and.-i?lJicamuiauon ancuaiiaase .mwmmwued' in, time fof'yoti to take Home withyou. rfa ( -? x tr""" sisWe makVo charge for oi?exams.iiiation 'f 'the' eyes and gJfcMfcac-:curacy andj.quality are .provided atmost reasonable costs.The most modern andthorouglyequipped" optical establishment "inKentuckj.. - -KENTUCKY OPTICAL SHOP,313 West Main St.,, v- Lexington, Ky.15-2tYv tfBBaaaaMPBW T&5&PA(SruSHCR- IEOHLELS.DR.KACING COMMISSION GIVES LEXINGTON SEVEN DAYS.The State Racing Commission metin the offices of the board, in Lexington, Wednesday, with ChairmanJohnson N. Camden, Thomas A.Combs, J. O. Keene and Judge AllieA. Young present, and allotted datesfor autumn racing on the threetracks now being operated under thejurisdiction of that body.Lexington is given- seven days,Sept. 13-20 inclusive; Latonia twenty-twodays, Sept. 24 to Oct. 18,and Churchill Downs nine days,Oct. 23 to Nov 1. ,The commission reinstated ThomasHodge, whose license has been refused during the past three years,following the meeting at Tiawana, InMexico, his offense having been analleged fraud while racing in "Kentucky prior to the meeting on thePacific coast.A rule was offered prohibitingall suspended persons from appearing- VMtiMiitniiininiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiniiiimni-The J. X.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotoivequipmtrit.Ambulance calls promptly atttndtd Id with our IHearse used for funeralt MMIIU IllA MAN AND HIS WIPE. r- -wrrw rjV--' ATTX.f .OflT'BT.. Z. 4illamiaPAJF'aaaWMHlflm. K"lft 1 PilmttKm arw 'LEVY, THE- DRYCumberland Phone 40X,1itOil, don't say youF. P. CAMPBELLon any track during the period of.suspension, at any time. Anotherrule was offered providing for one .race each week during the racing ..season, in which only jockeys whonave never won snau nave mounts, iThe commission approved all thestakes scheduled for Lexington, La--toniaand Churchill Downs duringthe autumn, including two newraces, the Twin City Handicap forthree-year-olds and upward at one -andfive-eighth miles, of a value ot$5,000 to be run at Latonia, and the--'Lexington Cup, for three-year-olds- -andupward at one and a half miles.of a value of ?5,000.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIiAXKH0EA REHEHYThis medicine always wins thegood opinion, if not the praise of .those who use it. Try it when youhave any need of such a remedy.(july-adv) ,tHinton Co. iDay phone 36Nlsht s . .56or nome-316Ky.purposes only.IHlllllimillUlmay both derije saiisfaclioBby having their worn and- soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecoftja noininaTwhile ttievjSeasura of wearinffold clothea thatnave the appearance of new, iniYfVro Th iWitrM. a.kZ.comimction with, thelknowlegethat you are effecting a .greatphonejbdngf tu. .CfcE&NER:Horn Phoae 169r r v.aaaaaaaaaaHBaaaaflaaaaaaal$.x."w-i&KvVI.Greatest Values Ever Offered the Public of Bourbon County!SIMON'8HM1WiOur Entire Stock of Ready-to-Wear and Dry GoodsSacrificed For Immediate ClearanceA Message to My Friends andPatronsIN order to be relieved of some of the cares which the" personal attention to my stores in Paris and Lexington haveimposed upon me, I have sold an interest in my Paris storeto MR. R. GOLDSTEIN, of Cincinnati, who assumed managementof the Paris store on July 1st.It is my wish to dispose of as much of my stock as possiblebefore making invoice. In order to accomplish this desire, I havedecided to sacrifice every article in my stock regardless of formercost or present value.Much of this merchandise was bought long before the presenthigh prices, so those of you who attend this sale may expect somerare bargains.MARRY SIMON.SaleStartsTliTjL3?sc5Lsty? Tixly r7This sale will go down in the record of local merchandising as the greatest valuesever offered a buying public. It will offer you a golden opportunity to save tremendously. Coming as it does at the height of the buying season, it is your opportunity toclothe yourself for many months to come at savings so great as to astonish you. Youcannot afford to pass by this great Change-in-Business Sale without heeding.You owe it to yourself, you owe it to your family, you owe it to us, who have madethis opportunity possible, to attend this the most magnificent money-saving event everknown in the annals of of local merchandising.So come, and we promise that if you are a judge of merchandise the values weoffer will gladden your heart and prompt you to purchase.A FEW OF THE MANY SAVINGS OFFERED IN THIS SALELadies' SuitsOne lot Suits, $25, $30, $35.Suits, $39.50, atSuits, 50.00, at-Suits, -60.00, atSuits, 69.50, at$16.98. 27,50. 34.75. 45.00. 49.50Ladies' Silk and GeorgetteDressesLadies' Dresses, $39.50, at.Ladies Dresses, 49.50, at.Ladies Dresses, 75.00, at.$29.5039.50. 50.50Ladies' Wash DressesLadies' Wash Dresses, $12.50. .Ladies Wash Dresses, 15.00 . .Ladies Wash Dresses, 19.75 . .Ladies Wash Dresses, 25.00. ... 12.98.. 16.98.. 19.75Children's Middy DressesChildren's Dresses, $5.50, at $4.98Children's Dresses, -6.00, at-' 5.39Children's White Presses..$2.98.. 3.98.. 5.98.. 8.48Children's Dresses, .$3.50, at.Children's Dresses, ;4.50, at..Children's Dresses, 7.50. at.Children's Dresses, 10.00, at:MillineryLadies' HatsLotNo. 1, worth up to $5.00, at. . ..$1.00Lot No. 2 2.48LotNo. 3 .. -4,98Lot No. 4 6.98Ladies' SkirtsLadies' Skirts, $10.00. at.Ladies' Skirts, 15.00. at.Ladies' Skirts, 20.00, at.$ 7.981 2.981 6.98Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies' WaistsWaists, $1.50, atWaists, 2.00, atWaists, 2.50, atWaists, 3.00, atWaists. 3.50,. atWaists, 4.00, atWaists, 5,00, atWaists, 6.00 and $6.50, atWaists, 7.50, atWaists, 10.00, atWaists, 12.50, atWaists, 15.00, atWaists, 17.50, at$1.191.692;192.592.983.394.294.985.987.989.98129814.98Children's Dresses, 12.50, at : 1 0.98Children's Gingham Dresses$2.00 Dresses at -. . .' $ 1 .69$3.00Dresses at 2.59$5.00Dresses at :..:. 4.49$6.00Dresses at 5-48Dolmans and Capes at a GreatlyReduced Price. Very Few LeftTowelsOne lot of Huck Towels, 25c quality,plain, without borders, atOne lot of Huck Towels, red borders, atOne lot of Turkish Bath Towels 50cquality, atOne lot of 85c Huck Towels atire19c39c69cSheets;Onelotof $1.25 Sheets at 98c$2.00 Sheets at $1.63$2.50Sheets at 1.95Pillow Cases0c quality at. . i 42cLadies' Hose-a25c quality 19c50c quality 39c75c quality 59cCorset CoversOne lot of Silk Corset Covers, 75c quality, at 48cLadies' Gingham Dresses$3.00 Dresses at $2.693.50 Dresses at 3.19;4.00 Dresses at 3.695.00 Dresses at 4.596.00 Dresses at 5.3910.00 Dresses at 8.9812.50 Dresses at 10.98White GoodsVoiles, Flaxons, Organdies35c quality at : 29c50c quality at 42c65c quality at '. .59c75c quality- at 68c85c quality at 75c$1.00 quality at , 89c1.25 quality at 98cAmerican Lady CorsetsOdd sizes, regular price $2.00 to $3.00,sale price $1-48BrassiereBrassiers worth 75c to $1.00,sale price .69cMiddiesMiddies, regular price $2.50, sale price . . $1.98$2.75 Middies, sale price 2.29$3.00 Middies, sale price 2.48Ladies' Gowns$1.50 values at -. $1.292.00 values at 1.692.50 values at 1.985.00 values at 3.98Dress Ginghams35c quality at .27.1-2c40c quality at .... ; 32 l-2c75c quality at 59c85c quality at . .69cPercalesLight Percales, best grade, at 29cDark Percals, 50c quality, at 39cTeddy Bears$1.50 values at. ...rffTT. ."7.... $1.292.00 values at l.$92.50 values at ". M3.00 values at 2.593.50 values at . 2.98Silk Underwear Comb.$2.00 values at ;; ".TT $1.692.50 values at , 2.198.00 values at 2.694.50 values at ZMSilk Teddy Bears .$3.25 values at $2.984.00 values at ." 3,554.25 values at " " 3.35Silk Gowns$5.00 values at7.50 values at1$3.4S5.18Store Closed Tuesday and Wednesday To Mark Down GoodsAbsolutely nothingtaken back, exchangedor on appprdral during this sale.This SaleIs Strictly Cash!No Credit!Our EXTREME LOWPRICES , prohibit exchanges, returnsapprovals.or.. - . .Ifl b W w r W. fl Y V V II -u J 1 . ' - J ' . "-" AHt'?'"' v, frXM?&tKt?1!PAGEHfX r':t,, -TUESDAY, JULY 15, 1919THE SOTJBBOH NEWS, PARIS, KEHTtTCTTi ?,vE !lSOCIAL A1W PERSONAL,GETTING REAL SASSY!(?&'kmt3j0w&74FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tnhrrn hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf). oPEACHES POP, TO-DAY.Peaches for to-day (Tuesday).Call us on phone and get prices.(It) C P. COOK & CO.NOTED EX-EETTDIST TO SPEAKHEBE SATURDAY.Rev. Curtis Jett will speak in thecourt house, in this city, on next Saturday night, July 19, at eight o'clock.He will take for his subject, "TheStory of My Life." Jett became converted during his incarceration inthe Frankfort Reformatory, and isnow engaged in evangelistic work.oOUT OF C0TJNCILL1ANIC RACEOwing to the press of business matters requiring all his time, Mr. JohnChristman has decided to withdrawhis candidacy for the office of Councilman in the First Ward. Mr.Christman feels that he cannot consistently serve two masters, and prefers to give all his time to his business affairs. He desires to extendhis thanks to his supporters and hisbest wishes to those who remain inthe race.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.VISITING EASTERN MARKETS.Our Mr. John Davis is now in NewYork, purchasing the new things forFall. It is part of our service togive the people of Bourbon countythe latest things in men's wear, asthey appear in New York, so you willalways find New York styles inParis, atJ. W. DAVIS & CO.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)oMUSICK OF THE MOUNTAINSThe announcement of Ryland C.Mustek, of Jackson, Breathitt county, for the Democratic nominationfor Attorney General, was followedby the general indorsement of thenewspapers and lawyers, over theState, being those who best knowhim. He has made a strong impression upon the people and his nominaation seems assured. His nomination seems assured. His nominationwill add much strength to the ticket.(15-lt)oAT THE PAKIS GRAND AND THE. . ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, July 15 VivianMartin, in "Little Comrade;" Wm.Duncan, in "A Man of Might;" Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Si. Senor;"To-morrow, Wednesday, July 16D. W, Griffith's "The Girl Who Stayed. At Home;" Big V Comedy, "TheStar Boarder," and Bray Pictograph.Thursday, July 17. Douglas Fairbanks, in "T?he Knickerbocker Buckaroo;" ArbucKJe Comedy, "Fatty Disturbs The Peace." '"'-ji-HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail with 'YERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments (june20-tf) , ," " "Miss Elise Heller is visitingfriends and relatives in Vancehurg.Miss Rosina Elder, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. James Leeds, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. W, E. Patton arevisiting friends in Louisville and Lagrange.Miss Jennie Clements, of Birmingham, Ala., is the pleasant guest ofher aunt, Mrs. J. A. Stern.Mr. Robert Turner will leavethis week for Olympian Springs, tospend a two weeks' vacation.Miss Anna Louise White, ofParis, is visiting her grandmother,Mrs. J. O. Brock, in Winchester.Mrs. Edward Summers, of Covington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs."Mitchell B. Jackson, in this city.Mrs. E. D. Brown has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. CharlesWillmott,"of Kentucky avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. B. Arderywere Hosts and hostesses last weekinformally to a party of friends attheir home on the Lexington pike,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithianand babe, of Louisville, are guests atthe home of the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian, onPleasant street.Mr. Virgil Doyle and sisters,Misses Myrtle, Gladys and SylvinaDoyle, motored to Richmond andwere the guests of relatives Saturday and Sunday.Lieut. James W. Waller, recently returned from France, and Mrs.W. A. Clarke, of Cincinnati, areguests at the home of their sister,Mrs. Henry Judy, near Paris.Miss Annie Million, of Renaker,Harrison county, and Mrs. Mary Jouett. of Cynthiana, spent the week-endin Paris, as guests of Mrs. B. F.Laughlin, on Second street.Mrs. A. L. Boatright and daughter, Miss Winifred Boatright, and herniece, Miss Esther Boatright, havereturned -from a pleasant visit tofriends and relatives in New YorkCity.Miss Mildred Collins, of NorthMiddletown, will go to Frankfort inthe near future to represent theHome Service Institute of Kentuckyat a conference with the Frankfortbranch of the department.Mt. Sterling is to have a CountyClub, if present plans, materialize.Arrangements are being made for anattractive building with golf linksadjoining, tennis courts and a swimming pool, it is understood.Mr. Charlton Clay, of March -mont,was one of the guests at a picnic given at the Elmendorf farm,near Lexington, by Mrs. Arthur Godson, in compliment to her guest,Mrs. Walter Barnett, of Bridgeport,Conn.Miss Lelia Keller left Friday forDallas, Texas, where she will join aparty of relatives and friends for atour of the Pacific coast, includingthe Yellowstone Park. Miss Kellerwill be a guest of her brother, Mr,George B. Keller, and Mrs. Keller.Saturday night was a pleasantone at the Country Club near Lexington, there being an unusuallylarge number present for the weeklyreunion of society. Among thosewho were hosts on this occasion wasMiss Marv Fithian Hutchcraft ofParis, who entertained a small party Iof friends. - J(Other Personals on Page 3.)oJRELIGIOUS.The street paving company whichconstructed Main street, and whichwas under band to keep the street inrepair for a certain number of years,sent a letter to Paris officials enclosing a check for $100 to pay for somuch needed improvements. Theletter received said that the sendingof the check was the only action thecompany proposed to take, and thecity could take it or leave it, as itmight suit their pleasure.Certain parts of Main street havefallen into a state of bad repair, being in a really deplorable condition.Holes as big as the circumferenceof a hogshead have been worn in thesurface, while a series of smallerones are scattered from Tenth streetto Second. A ride at fair speed overMain street is a good remedy for atorpid liver, and the jolts these holesoccasion would drive away even the"alcoholic blues."The new street ordinance for theconstruction of certain streets withimproved materials was passed by aunanimous vote. The city is to payone-third and the citizens two-thirdsof the cost of construction. TheCouncil confirmed the recommendation of the Improvement Committeein the selection of Mr. A. H. Boehmer, of Louisville, as constructionengineer.Chief of Police Link reported hehad notified all delinquent persons,who had failed to take out licenses.The various names were handed overto the legal department for action.Concrete pavements were orderedbuilt on the west side of Fithian avenue in front of the property of Ed.T. Rule, Mrs. Mary Walker, Mrs. L.R. Bramblette, J. J. Veatch, Clarence Plummet, John Chisholm, Mrs.R. M. Harris, Jas. Daugherty andHomer D. Shy.A permit was granted to the newIndepedent Tobacco Warehouse Co.to erect a t sales warehouse, to beknown as No. 3, on the north side ofthe present building. It is to costapproximately $15,000. Architectsare at work drawing plans and making specifications for the constructionof the building.Notice to Stockholder.The Burley Tobacco Co. has declared a 6 dividend on its capitalstock, and payment will be made toits Bourbon county stockholders bythe undersigned at the Bourbon Agricultural Bank and Trust Co.The company requires holders ofstock certificates to present themand payment can only be made whenthey are presented.JOHN T. COLLINS.Salesladies' Wanted.Twenty-five salesladies wanted tohelp in our Special Sale, which begins July 17. Apply at once.HARR7! SIMON'S STORE,(It) i Main St.,-Paris, Ky.Notice to Creditors IAll persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to, or having claimsagainst, the estate of Carrie Bowen,deceased, are hereby notified to settle any such indebtedness and present any such claims, properly povenas required by law, to the undersigned executor, or his attorney, O. T.Hinton.LUCIEN P. GARRETT,Executor of Carrie Bowen, Deceased.(15-22-29)CTtX S&INEER ELECTED; WILLHAVE ASSISTANTAt a special meeting of the PariiCity Council, Mr. A. H. Boehmer, ofLouisville, who was elected civil enriner in RtiTiervi&e buildinx of newstreets in Paris, at a salary of $200per month, was allowed an assistant,who will receive a salary of $150 permonth.A request was made by the ParisWater Company for permission torat so the water rates, both to thecity and private consumers. Thisthe Council denied, but, as the ParisWater Co. is operating in Pariswithout a franchise, they willin all probability raise the waterrateji In spite of the council's action.. ofcEAUTIFUli gQBOH . PPBgnytTftfi,SUMMER NECESSITIES 'ATBlfr&EDtlCnON.All our summer Qods at .specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, on stoves, anaovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer 'goods if yoi willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.o- 'TnaraATMUTS BEGUN EOR THEKNIGHTS OF PYTHIASMINSTRELS.Dr. B. B. Bailey, pastor of theFirst Baptist Church, of Maysville,Who is pleasantly remembered hereas conducting a revival at the ParisBaptist church, some time ago, bastendered his resignation, to take effect August 1. Dr. sauey nas accepted an appointment on the evangelistic staff of the Home MissionBoard of the Southern Baptist Convention, and will assume his newduties on September 1. i r -" ' "' p.THE FAIR. SATtfkDAY ONLYPrices Wonderfully Reduced.mm in hi1 1 IllnQRH 1v IiHIf nlllll m.' I' w I Hi 111 HW a fart if I in W1"Copyright 1919, At 8. SincbbBB CQYoung Men's Waist Sean? Sui's Ycmen wil1 fi?d ths ww1 model just as pictured abovedouble-breasted, two-button, seam at the waist line, soft roll lapel and form-fitting:back. Every suit highly tailored some silk lined, others serge lined. All woolfabrics in popular shades and colorngs. You will End (OA AA i.n 4M C 00our slogan, "Value First," predominates in every suit Pi".VU 10 tpHrtKUUYOUR SUMMER SUIT IS HERE!Palm Beaches $10.00 tc $20.00 fttohairs $lfe.00 to $20.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Rehearsals for the Knights ofPythias minstrel show, which is tohe put on the stage at the GrandOpera House in this city, by theKnights of Pythias at an early date,were beein last night.The rehearsals last night wasmostly In the nature of an assignment of parts to the performers, whoare to be drilled in their work byGov. Bowen, of minstrel fame, andProf. A. H. Morehead, the latterhaving charge of the musical part ofthe program. The personnel of theshow includes a large number oflocal fun makers, and vocalists, manyof whom have had large experiencein other similar enterprises in thiscity at various times. The promoters promise the people of Paris aclean-cut t performance of merit andlThe extent of the PRICE REDUCTIONS for Saturday is only faintlyindicated in this advertisement. During the entire day we will offer alarge number of IMMENSE BARGAINS throughout our entire stock,and it will,pay you well to visit thisstore Saturday.Regular 65c Brooms at 47c.Searchlight Matches, 500 matchesin a box, $5c.One-gallon Milfc urocKS, eacn22 c.All sizes Flower and Fern Pots reduced. Aluminum Dish Pans and Preservine Kettles reduced.Daisy Fly Killers, 10c.Fly Paper, 2 sheets, 5c.Mason Fruit Jars, all sizes.Jelly Tumblers, each 5 cTkiTiPr Pts 4 2 nieces, at wonder-fullv low prices, Odd Cups only, hoSaucers, each 5cCedar Oil Mops, running in pricefrom 75c up.A 25c Bottle Cedar Oil FREE Saturday with our No. 8 mop.Japanese Lanterns, 25c a dozen.Baby Grand "Wash Boards, Household size, each 19c.THE FAIRStreet Letting!BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KENTUCKY, BOURBON COUNTY,, Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Board of Council, intheir office, in the City Building, until eight o'clock, P.-M., July 28, 1919,to construct the streets hereinafterdescribed and in the manner prescribed in an ordinance of series1919. 'Main street, ill the City of Paris,Ky., from the North margin of Tenthstreet to the South margin of Fourteenth street. ,Also Pleasant street from thenorth margin of Second street to theSouth margin of Twelfth street,Bids will be received on VitrifiedBlock on a six inch concrete foundation; three types of Street Asphalton sl six inch concrete foundation:Ritnlithic Construction, on a six-inchconcrete foundation; and Kentucky.Rock AsDhalt on seven incnes ormacadam foundation well rolled.Samples of Vitrified Block must befurnished.A certified check or bidders bond tothe amount of 10 of the aggregatehid, must be submitted with the bid.This check to be returned upon thePYPr.ntion of the contract, and thebond of the apporved surety received, as specified.,A Surety Company bond satisfactory to the Board of Council will berequired of the successful bidder inthe sum of 30 of the estimated costof tho work. The nature and extentof the bond required will be guarantee for a period of five years irom meacceptance of the work by the Boardof Council, against any and all defects due to defective or iautty worsmanship or material.The surety shall be a guarantee or4-onfttv nnmnanv authorized to aohiiRltiPRs in the State Ot iveniucnyand approved by the Board of Coun?1 STir-artTirMr nxid specifications ofwork will be on file in the office offho P.itir P.lftrk.The Board of Council reserves theo--h voipot anv and all bids andalso the right to award contracts tothe lowest and best Diaaer.Board of Council, City of Pans.. -m rc JANUARY, Mayor.. -; J. W. HAYDENCity ClericifyyourHom;::vWilli viur ftNewmmSiyWshWallPapers.V t .Kn r BeautYwB Jfm & it. i- i y i n.v l i s.Take a look at your old papers on the Wafl ahd5- iYthen come in and look at our new, upto-fefte wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs"' lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms.Be sanitary and beautify your home, for your.family's sake. And you may have visitors.Buy your Wall paper and things from us and.... v 1 1 ". '' .: ' -$'lnnvn i ie rinn. ' frvl IV iw iw lyn w- .l!,J -JK.'4THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid t Coach Undertakingmpr -"'&- 15sH'1417(15-4t) 'me weii nui iuj ui wcu ii&bi uu.&c"Vjfcja a -rf a,- faa-tjB, " - a-. 'j j3a j- t?iiffx ''mmimmmmTHE ,B0TJEB03f HEWS, PABIS, KEHTUCKxV-r-crrxi rrawraiTUESDAY, JULY 15, 191 'U 5Merchants' andfer,r7 rPrkfjrrP;nmtml profitableioihejiorerfIBIfc?: 1 Wk Th isTwa vYmeansTMHHHHHKSi JMHHHHHHHBRM.Kennedy -LectureriExtreme interest is being manifested in the retail merchandisinglecture which is being brought tothis city by the merchants and business men of Paris, and which willbe shown free of charge to all merchants and clerks on Wednesdaynight, July 16, at 8 o'clock, in theAalamo Theatre. The lecture, whichhas been prepared by the NationalCash Register Company, contains theresult of thirty-four years' spent incollecting retail merchandising ideasfrom merchants in all parts of theWHAT'S THE SEASON"?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing: the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked -with, backache and headache ; suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, languor and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their work of filtering theblood and that may be the root ofthe trouble. Look to your kidneys,"assist them in their work give themthe help they need. You can use nomore highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby the people all over the countryand by your neighbors in Paris.- Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with 'good results and I know from the help theygave me that they would be just asbeneficial in other cases of kidneytrouble. I had a dead, dull acheacross the small of my back and mykidneys acted irregularly. Doan'sKidney Pills rid me of those complaints, and if I should need a kidney remedy again I would certainlytake Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tofmnlv aeb frf Iridndv rp.mp.ilv PPt.Doan's Kidney Pills the same that!Mrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilbumCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)WOMAN'S DEPARTMENT AT THESLUE GRASS FAIR.The women's department of theBlue Grass Fair this year is underthe supervision of Mrs. W. G. Simpson, who, with her assistants, has" gone over the various classificationsf and opened new classes ior varietiesori worK ana articles aeveiuyeu uythe war. Visitors to the Floral Hallwill not find the same old staid material that has been exhibited fcere' tofore, but will see on display a new'variety of useful and ornamentalgoods, placed on exhibit at Lexingtonfor, the first time. Mrs. Simpson isworking up a "mountain exhibit,"1 V open exclusively to women of themountain section of Kentucky, andit Ms confidently expected that thiswill prove one of the most interesting" ' features in the hall. All goods areto.be exhibited as the property of thex maker and will include quilts, bed-spreads, carpets and other articlesv that the mountain women have be--ooraeso expert in making.o ,'" fiUMMEE COMPLAINT QUICKLYBELIEVED."About two years ago when. suffering from a severe attack of summercomplaint, I took Chemberlain's Colicv 4 Diarrhoea Remedy and it relieved.me aknost instantly," writes Mrs.jaMmry Jewett, Clark MUUfN. Y. Thiss i& n excellent remedy for colic anddiarrhoea and should be kept atluuUL-by every family.' (july-adv)Business Men's Illustrated Lecture.world, and is by lar the best lectureof its character on the road to-day.Mr. " R. H. Kennedy will be thelecturer, and by means of stereopticon slides and motion pictures hewill discuss the causes of failures,and explain some of the -latest methods of storekeeping. An interestingfeature of the lecture will be thepart devoted to newspaper advertising. Writing of newspaper advertisements, selection of mediums, andthe necessity for a policy of continuous advertising by the retailer willbe taken up in detail. By the samemethod the question of proper window display, delivery problems, perfection of a store organization, andother interesting matters will be discussed. In addition, the three reel featurefilm, "The Troubles of a Merchant,and How to Stop Them," will beshown for the first time in this city.This film has been exhibited beforecommercial bodies, conventions, andother organizations from coast toHOOFING THE PANAMA CANAL.(Thomas F. Logan in Leslie's.Gen. Goethals was told that theright way to stop the slides was toput a roof over the land alongside thecanal, keep the rain from seepinginto the soil, bore wells and pumpout the water already in the earthand give the sril a chance to dry out.It was suggested that he ought firstto cut away a great share of theweight of the hills along the cut, andthen to roof over the remaining masswith an. asphalt surface, that wouldprevent any more rain water beingabsorbed into the earth. That advice was regarded at the time as Jrather ludicrous. Now it is beginning to be taken seriously; and thereis inquiry as to why it could notcommand attention earlier. The geologists who could not get a hearinginsisted that, while the characterand stratification of the formation atCulebra favored slides, the real causeof the trouble was the surface absorption of rain, as reports haveshown rainfall as much as fourinches in an hour. 'The geologistspointed out that the dry dock andsoil would not slide, but that whenwater in such huge quantities wasmixed with it in dry countries thewalls of deep gorges, through bedsof soft consolidated sediments, standfor great lengths of time, as in therailroad and street cuts in the siltformations along the Missouri River.These will cave in when they aretcontinuously wet; in the dry regionsthey stand indefinitely." oHOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years7 and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the bjood on themucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)WMta-Llfht Productr.By substituting other metals formercury In a vapor electric lampa European scientist produces a purswhite light.All' women would strive for religion if it was good for the complexion. .jfissat&fiea. customerscoast, and has everywhere been declared to be the best exposition ofmodern business methods ever given.The film tells in an interestingmanner the story of Mr. White, amerchant who through lax businessmethods and poor system hadbeen brought to the verge of bankruptcy. As the film progresses, thecauses for his failure are vividlyportrayed. His clerks were indifferent, his goods badly arranged, hissystem thoroughly disorganized.vvnen -nis nopes were at the lowestebb, a change came in his career,and by the installation of modern,business methods, and rearrangement of his store, he rose to prosperity. Because of the enthusiasm createdin other cities where the film hasbeen shown, it is expected that a capacity audience will greet the lecture in this city. Every scene is saidto contain a lesson. All merchantsand salespeople in the city are invited to attend.DANIEL BOONE'S GRAVE.(Letter from Montgomery, Mo., inKansas City Star.)After a wait of nearly 100 yearsa monument is to be erected over theburial place of Daniel Boone, thegreat American woodsman, nearMarthasville, Warren county, Missouri. The marker is to be erectedthrough the efforts of the Daughtersof the American Revolution. It isto be made of a large red granitebowlder found in Warren county.The marker will be dedicated Oct.29 at the close of a conference of theMissouri Daughters of the American Revolution, which is to be heldin St. Louis. It is planned to makethe event an important one. It hasbeen said that the efforts made to remove Boone's body from its first burial place were a failure and that thedelegates who came from Kentuckyfor that purpose made a mistake andtook the bones of a man and womanwho were buried near Boone and hiswife. Whether this is true or not, ithas been contended for some timethat there oughj to be some kind ofa monument erected over the spotwhere he was buried. Monumentshave been erected in his honor inKentucky and in North Carolina.oSTATE TEXT BOOK BODY FINISHES ITS WORK.After two days' consideration ofproposals offered by publishers fortext books for the high schools of theState, the State Text Book Commission has completed its list of adoptions. The list was announced byProfessor E. C. McDougle, of theEastern State Normal School, for Superintendent of Public InstructionGilbert and as nearly 'every bidderreceived one or more contracts theannouncement was greeted by greatapplause.There were 23 re-adoptions at thesame or lower prices of books offeredby 12 companies; 12 new adoptionsof books offered by 10 companies,and three additional new subjectswere adopted of books offered bythree companies. Eight recommendations going to eight companies comprised the supplemental list.After completing the adoption forthe high school subjects the commission adopted a number of supplemental studies for graded schools.' STRUCK ROUGH RIDINGThe following from the MaysvillePublic Ledger of recent date lendsencouragement vto the- advocates-ofgood roads; ,"After taking a, tripno Lexingtonby motor, we can understand whythe people of Bourbon county shouldvote the twenty-cent Toa&ta -and afifty thousand dollar' bond' issue as"well. If all the pikesin Bourbon areas bad as the Miysville-pike, bothpropositions should carry' by lareremajorities." - -1FAIRVIEW LOT SALE A DECIDEDSUCCESS.The public sale of lots in'FairviewAddition, on the Maysville and NorthMiddletown pikes, adjoining the Citylimits of Paris, was largely attendedby a crowd of- enthusiastic bidders,Friday, and the eighty odd lots averaged more than $100 each. The lots,each with a frontage of 25 feet, weresold two or more to a purchaser, theprices ranging .from $255 down to$50 each. The sale totaled morethan $8,000, and proved satisfactoryto the owners, Messrs. Davis andWakefield, of Shelbyville who conducted the sale.Both gentlemen were present andeach and every lot was disposed ofto the high bidder, the sale beingabsolutely free from by-bids or reserves and every lot was disposed ofto a bonafide purchaser, alPof whomreside in Bourbon County.During the sale a valuable building lot, facing 50 feet on the NorthMiddletown pike, was given awayfree, Mr. George Insko, of Paris, being the holder of the lucky ticket.The lot was drawn by Miss GaySpeakes, the attractive young daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George D.Speakes, of Paris. Miss Speakeswas presented with a five dollar goldpiece by the winner for making thedrawing. Twenty-five dollars incash was also distributed to a numberof others in attendance at the saleby Messrs. Wakefield and Davis.The sale of the lots resulted asfollows :Two lots at the corner of theNorth Middletown pike and the Maysville pike, to Mr. A. C. Rowland, for$255 each.Two lots on Maysville pike, adjoining above lots, to Mr. GeorgeColumbia, for $210 each.Two lots adjoining, on Maysvillepike, to Mr. W. O. Butler, for $190each.Three lots adjoining on Maysvillepike, to Mr. W. H. Whaley, Jr., for$210 each.Two lots on North Middletownpike, in rear of Rowland lots, sold toMr. Edward Case, for $155 each.xt TS0,rA0JB adJoining above, onNorth Middletown pike, to Mrs. Nellie S.' Highland, for $150 each.Two lots adjoining, an NorthMiddletown pike, to Mr. John Brophy, for $210 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. Frank Burton,for $210 each. tTwo lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. E. D. Taylorfor $180 each. 'Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. John Brophy,for $130 each.Three lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. Hiram Douglas, for $105 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. John Brophy,for $100 each.Four lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. Henry S. Caywood, for $117.50 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. A. N. Parkerfor $107.50 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. Henry S. Caywood, for $102.50 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. George Hannan,for $110 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. J. W. Hughes,for $100 each.Three lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. W. O. Butler, for$75 each.Two lots adjoining, on North Middletown pike, to Mr. G. W. Insko,for $60 each.Six lots adjoining, onNorth Middletown pike, to Mr. W. O. Butler,for $30 each.Two lots adjoining, sold to Mr.Edward Case, for $55 each.Two lots adjoining, to Mrs. NellieS. Highland, for $52.50 each.Two lots adjoining, to Mr. JohnBrophy, for $52.50 each.Two lots adjoining, to Mr. FrankBurton, for $5.6 each.Two lots adjoining, to Mr. E. D.Taylor, for $56 each.Three lots adjoining, to Mr. HiramDouglas, for $51 each.Two lots adjoining; to Mr. W. O.Butler; for $55 each.Four lots adjoining, to Mr. HenryS. Cay wood, for $59 each.Two lots "adjoinirig, to Mr. Chas.Whaley, for $55 each.Two lots adjoining, to Mr. A. N.Parker, for $55 each.Two lots adjoining, to Mr. Geo.Hannan, for $56 each.Two lots adjoining,- to Mr. J. W.Hughes, for $55 each.Three lots adjoining, sold to Mr.W. O. Butler, for $55 each.The Jots facing on Long Avenue,all joined in the rear the lots facing on the North Middletown pike,and the purchasers of the lots on theNorth Middletown pike, in nearlyevery instance, were the purchasersof the rear lots facing on LongAvenue.Col. George D. Speakes, of Paris,assisted by a corps of out-of-townauctioneers, cried the sale, and "thebidding throughout the sale wasvery spirited. Messrs. Wakefield andDavis bought the land in FairviewAddition a few weeks ago from Mr.Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., of near Paris.TRADE RELATIONS; TO BF RESUMED WITH GERMANY:WASHINGTON; July 14. Tradejbetween the -United States and Germany will be resumed immediately,.under Secretary - Polkr- of the StateDepartment,- has - announced.- - Mr.Polk said-blanket licenses would beissued, but that dyes, -chemicals and-potash would be excepted:-) Controlover trade in these commoditieswill be exercised by. the- ReparationCommission 'under the terms of 'thepeace treaty. He made it clear thatresumption of trade relations withGermany did not abrogate the trading with the enemy act, nor was itto be taken as meaning that the stateof war -was at an end.Some people are witty and' someothers are not half-witted.A knocker, always' has a large audience because he gives a free show.HOT WATERAT THE TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen'th faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modera household conveniences.LEIJMmSHRrIjQfr 1C faucet is closed. .That stops expense.f c UATCD UCATCD 'About one cent for ten gallons paysUAO WAI til ntAI til for this remarkable service.You owe it ,to your family and yourself to investigate this wonderful Automatic Water. Heater. Let us show it to you.mm TkgnBM-jBFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERgyy.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.LKiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetXThe Bourbon LaundrjrParis, Kentucky:.:The News Job "Department is Always Busy''There's a Reason." Work Done RightMake Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.INTERimBAN .SCHEDULECARS XiEAVE.Lexington Por - Paris For' Paris LexingtonA. M. 6.00x - A. mT 6:45A. M. 7:20' A. M 7:15xA. M. 8:50- A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20. A. M. 9:45.A. M. 11.50- A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12r45P. M. 2:50 P. M.- 2;15P. M. 4:20 r- p. m. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50-P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Dailys except Sunday.KENTUCKY TiULCTIOH AHD TEi' MDf AX COMPAHYtie ma'n Opening the faucet startsint. iii.iii.i iiui iraiti uutva mini uic!ixaxi!:IIXISATISFACTIONXIX!iX..IiXIXIIOUR WATCHWORD!rj With all the latest improve- rj? ments in laundry appliancesti and expert helpers weare.c5 j prepared to do work infe-Mkl "or none an( solicit5 your patronage.A Special ShowingofVNew VoilesFor the Summer,. TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSv Xat50cthe yard.-. v.TWIN BROS.DtpwtHwiH Stf . - 47th mis MMit PwH Kyfi- . .. tZZr'1B-TUESDAY, JULY 15, 1919THE BOUEBOH NEWS, PABIS, XXXTOGKY74aIfLift off Corns! ,Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonvcots only a few cents.With your fingers! You can lift off.any hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, ana me nara sh.iucalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle. "at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn, or 'callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortly.you lift that bothersome com orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!.No humbug!(T-tf)oBANK EMPLOYES ABE SAVEBSThe National Bank of Commerceat Springfield,' Mo., has won the distinction of bein-g the first bank inthe Eighth Federal Reserve District,so far as reported, to organize a WarSavings Society comprising the officers and employes of the bank.The big city in the southwesternpart of Missouri, was recently visitedby organizers from the headquartersof the War Savings Organization, andthe bank officials and clerks took anactive interest in the work.John Landers, Chairman of theBoard of Directors, aided in formingthe organization, and was one of thefirst signers of the pledge cards.BRlGHTERTcEVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes ife moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.usetilectricityJ-5E&for CidDtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Rearing and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.VLet Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)CPTSouthern Optical Co.4 Incorporated Z2Manufacturers of Perfect-Fitting TSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSES tKryptoks Artificial EjesTnficihlo Hi-frtrvil T.ona'4th & Chestnut St&LOUISVILLE, KY.Mft WmXVZfrCJL. JfkfV-'tdr-v vv yVs VWWPACKARD MOTOR CAR COMPANY7 Cumulative Preferred Stock, EARNINGS- Present Earnings nearly six times new Interest requirements of this Preferred Stock.SINKING FU NPAnnual Sinking Fund equal to 5 of Net Earnings.PROTECTIVE PROVISIONNo mortgage on plant without the consent of the majority of preferredstockholders. The Company hat no bonded debt knd no dividend can bepaid on the common stock unless quick assets are 150 of liabilities.PRICE J00 and accrued dividend to yield 7.TUfcrn I A If EC C WII I Cflllat r esjtm umiiu v. ti iuwvmGERMAN NATIONAL ASSEMBLYJ?ATHTES JEEACE TBEATYWEIMER. July 14, (VIA COBLENZ) The resolution ratifyingthe peace treaty was adopted by theGerman National Assembly Wednesday by a vote of 208 to 115. fThe resolution reads:"The peace treaty signed on June28 1919, as"well as the protocol annexed and special agreements on military occupation of the Rhineland arehereby ratified. This law becomeseffective from the time of its promulgation." Ratification of the peace treaty bythe German National Assembly removes all doubt of the acceptance ofthe terms by Germany.The National Assembly by ratifying the treaty makes it possible forthe Allied and Associated Powers toraise the blockade. " Official notification was sent Germany June 29 thatthe blockade would be raised whenthe treaty was ratified. Placing thiscondition on the raising of the blockade was looked upon in peace conference circles as a sure plan for securing speedy ratification by Germany. The Council of Five previously decided to lift the commercial censorship on communications with Germany simultaneously with the blockade. The resolution adopted by the Allied council concerning the blockadewas as follows:"The superior blockade council isinstructed to base its arrangementsfor rescinding restriction upon tradewith Germany upon the assumptionthat the Allied and AssociatedPowers will not wait to raise theblockade until the completion of ratification, as provided for at the endof the treaty with Germany, but thatit is to be raised immediately uponreceipt of information that the treatyof peace has been ratified by Germany." Promulgation of the resolutionratifying the treaty is dependent upon the signing of the resolution byPresident Ebert. "The German National Assembly isthe first elective body in any countrywhose representatives signed thetreaty to adopt a ratifying resolution. The treaty has been laid beforethe British, French and Belgian parliaments, and will be placed beforethe Senate of the United StatesThursday by President Wilson.DIAMONDS FOR THE GIRL.Diamonds, that have for eons beenrecognized as the proper caper whenla betrothal is to be sealed, and thathave been looked upon as a good object in which to invest surplus fundsare advancing in price.Even in blighted Germany, saysthe St. Louis Star, the demand is exceeding all bounds, and a leadingjeweler says they may go to $1,000a karat in the near future. .."Be that as it may," said anotherjeweler, "it is going to be hard toconvince every man of tne value ofdiamonds as an investment.- Forpopping the question they will always remain eminently the correctthing."But with the United States Government offering War SavingsStamps on the terms it is now doing,and with the Government's guaranteeto pay four percent compoundedquarterly, many millions more aregoing to be put into these babybonds than in. the sparklers.""Diamonds are all right, but theprice fluctuates, and then when theyare offered for sale the Shylock isoften in' evidence, while these Government securities are as sure asdeath and taxes, which is somesure."HOT HEADS TO THE REAR(Omaha Bee)The most deplorable part of theI labor unrest breaking out from timeto time into strikes in the feeling ofmutual distrust and often of undisguised hostility engendered betweenemployers and employees. Each sideis kept away from the other by a fearthat the other fellow may "put oneovter," and no matter what kind of aproposal is advenced to openthe wayfor a better understanding it isforedoomed to be rejected withoutserious consideration merely becauseit comes from the other side.So many false or disordered reportsare constantly circulated and freelyaccepted, so scarce is broad and farsighted leadership, so willing aremisguided people to follow the professional trouble-breeder, so set do allsoon become against yielding anything, that once the strike is on, thedisposition to listen to reason or torespect the rights of the generalpublic or innocent third parties iswell-nigh lost. The hardest thingin the world is to make men In thissituation to keep even tempers andsee clearly though it be the veryfirst requisite.The hot-heads on both sides shouldbe sent to the rear.Our idea of a clever man is onewho never attempts to do things heknows he can't.LfA 91 A C CrfL- I : :ll- V-aw., v u. t mu, zuituic, j."WHO FOUNDED THE RED CROSSSOCIETY" ANSWEREDA correspondent wants to knowwho founded the Red Cross. Butshe desires that her name be withheld", because she is a (member of theRed Cross and is ashamed that shedoes not know who founded. the institution. Lake Division headquarters of theAmerican Red Cross supplies thefollowing information: Henri Dunant was the' founder of the RedCross. He was a man of means, devoted much of his life to the aleviation of human suffering and wasknown as one of the most philanthropic of men. He was half French andhalf Swiss.After the battle df Solferino, wherethe Austrians were routed and whereEurope was freed from the menace ofthe Hapsburgs, Dunant visited thefield and the hospitals. The arrangements for taking care of the wounded were so poor that he determinedthen and there to devote the rest ofhis life to perfecting plans for thecare and treatjment of soldiers engaged in battle and he didn't carewhose soldiers they were. He began writing letters to prominentpeople, and asking for support of hisproposition. 'Empress Eugenia, of France, wasone of the first prominent persons totake an interest in Dunant's proposition. The mother of the ex-Kaiserwas early impressed with the idea.She was a daughter of Queen Victoria, of England. She and Eugeniahad much to do with the success ofthe idea, but many other prominentpeople also had . good deal to dowith it.A convention was called at Genevaon October 26, 1863, and fourteennations sent representatives, the object of the convention being statedto be "An international conferencefor the purpose of inquiring into themeans for correcting the inadequacypf the sanitary service of armies inthe field." Dunant addressed theconference and urged his ideas uponthe delegates, with the result thatthe convention adopted resolutionsdeclaring war hospitals inviolate,and ordering that nurses and surgeons should be safe from molestation. The delegates made arrangements at the time for the formationof an international society to attendto the details, and adopted the emblem a Red Cross upon a whitefield. That was the origin of theRed Cross.To-day the extension of the idea,service to sufferers of all nations andpeoples, constitutes the peace timeprogram of this world revered organization. SCREEN THE PORCH"Don't try to pass the summerwithout having the back porch wellscreened. It will cost only a trifleand along with furnishing a coolworkroom for the women folks, itwill prove a fine place for the summer meals. Then, if care is takennot to deposit garbage pails andother waste materials where theywill prove fly attractors, it will befound that the number of this sumpier pests is decreased. There arefew pests more annoying to thehousewife than the insistent housefly."To the above clipping the HouseDemonstration Agent says, Amen.Flies used to be considered a nuisance, but-now they are known to bea dangerous pest. The cost of screening a back porch may save somemember of the family from seriousspell of illness. Surely every precaution should be taken to guard thehealth of the whole family fropn flieswhich have come from nobody knowswaht kind of filth.oNOT WORTH A CONTINENTAL."Boys, I wish I had been given anopportunity like this when I wasyoung," said an aged worker, in aLouisiana tool factory, "If I had beenI would be worth something now. Ihave been working hard, all my life,and to-day I am not worth a continental. I am going to sign a cardand save what I can ev,en if I amold."These are the verbatim remarks ofa repentant pian sixty-two years oldwho listened attentively to the talkmade by State Organizer Senford, ofthe War Savings Organization, justprior to the organization of a "WarSavings Society in a tool manufacturing plant at Louisiana, Mo. Thesociety was duly organized, has alarge list of active members, andUncle Sam gets part of the enormous- sum required to keep the smokegoing up the chimney white themembers are building the foundation for a competence.oWAR MEMORIAL MOVEMENTIS ON.Kentucky is to erect on the campusof the University of Kentucky atLexington, a memorial building tothe men and women of the State who?ave their lives in the war with Germany. The University gives the site,but the building is to be the propertyof the people of the State, and willbe built by them, the University faculty, students and alumni have expressed their intention of aiding inpaying for the construction of thebuilding, and about ? 9,0 00 alreadyhas been raised among them in anincomplete campaign, as the nucelusof the fund.Some of .the most prominent menand women of Kentucky are on thecommittee to raise this fund. Thiscounty, which sent its own share ofmen to the war, of course, will giveits proper quota for the buildingwhenever that quota is determinedand the matter finally presentedto, ' ' ''If1 IIII HI- mi fTil m - HF .Lv r r 0 IDIII r r KJt V IIIi "' . "' 1111 . V -ill MI i . .'.Iill r DlHI ' ' ' Hiiii . m. BIICfilECH Hl LH ft3 KI - mIII H -III i In .j 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. HIIII x HIHI ! HIIII III111 IIIi - IIIiii niIII x HIIII HIIII ; IIIIII v HIIII In- hiII uiHiEISH TREMBLE WITH FEAR.To most people whose opportunities for observing fish life are limitedto occasional visits to an aquarium,the thought rarely occurs that thesefinny inhabitants of the waters arecapable of as many varied emotionsas are our domestic pets, the cat andthe dog. iIn the Popular Science Monthlyand World's Advance appears an account of the investigations conductedby Dr. Francis Ward, an Englishzoologist, into the behavior and lifeof fish in their natural environment.Speaking-of the emotions of different fish, the writer says:"We are accustomed to think thatonly we humans become pallid withfear, or agitated with joy. But someexperiments with perch in. the artificial pond show that when their repose is suddenly disturbed by tappingon the glass the fish visibly tremble,and the bars which are characteristic of this species actually disappearwhen the disturbance is removed andthe equanimity of the fish is restored."Sometimes a pike that is rapidlyadvancing on his prey becomes suspicious about the tetter's character.The pursuer will suddenly stop, in anattitude of doubt,his back will arch,and he will remain suspended asthough studying the cause of nis suspicions. Only when he is thoroughlyreassured does he become rigid, toadvance to the final attack; if hissuspicion is not allayed, he drops tothe bottom of the pond or swims offin disappointment.". oLOSS OF APPETITE.' As a general rule there is nothingserious about a loss of appetite, andif you skip a meal or only eat twomeals a day for a'ffcwr days you willsoon have a relish for your mealswhen meal time comes. Bear inmind that at least five hours shouldalways elapse between meals, so asto give the food ampl tipne to digestand the stomach a period of rest before a second meal is taken. Then ifyou eat no more than you crave andtake av reasonable amount of outdoor exercise every day you will notneed to worry about your appetite.When the loss of appetite is causedby constipation, as is often the case,that should be corrected at once. Adose of Chamberlain's Tablets willdo it. (july-adv).o-What a fine world this would beif we all loved our neighbors as wetry to love ourselves IProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404FIUST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402PIBST NATL BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPifempt and Courteous Attention toPatrons. 'HOT AND COLD BATHSTHE McCORMICKImproved MowersBfc, -. - jft:ftSave Time, Labor, Troubleand Money -by using the Improved McCormick Mower. It does thework and does it right. (VI cCormick users have notrouble or worry, ,OS. Ball GaragePourth and Pleasant Streets,The Home Telephone- Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet ua analyze hi3 qualifications:always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In nmtriwj.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you Im,amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers.He will summons the railroad,onds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 8 to 8c prday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day7Paris Home Telephone Telegrah,j J. J. Veatcli, District Manager.iHe is polite, intelligent, willii;boat or theatre ticket in a few secCompany ' .(Incorp orated) , rW: H. Cannon; Local Hanicer.A-r-.r:the people. cr,. "znv-H - -I JMLK EIGHT-tV JTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PARIS, KEHTTJCK7TUESDAY, JULY 15,, 1919Paris Grand Opera House and Alamo Theatrelyr.impjTirS rri iToday, TuesdayVivian Martinin "LITTLE COMRADE"Comedy, pathos, drama, all welded into ar stirring and timely story, and in it Miss Martinis as charming and attractive as ever.WILLIAM DUNCANIn "THE MAN OF MIGHT"and Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Si, Senior"t.Tomorrow, WednesdayD. W. GRIFFITHPRESENTSThe Girl Who Stayad at Home"IN f RANCE?-Can the Parisienne, famedfor h r frivolity, face her poilu when hecomes back with a story of what SHE did-that will bring joy to his heart?IN AMERICA? What sort of a story willCutie Beautiful tell HIM to make him loveher more than the day he left?D. W. Griffith's great story of the homecoming tells it all.Also Big V Comedy, "The Star Boarder,"and Bray Pictograph.Admission i2.V"2IChildrenTicket 1 8c; War Tax 2c-30c. . .Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cThursday, July 17thDOUGLASTTlRBAINKSin "The Knickerbocker Buckaroo"HIS GREATEST PICTUREWhen you think of other Fairbanks hits you'll say "That' going some!" It does go some;also fast and far, with plenty doing on the way. A. 1264,000 production in seven reels.Arbuckle Comedy "Fatty Disturbs the Peace"ADMISSION!Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery... 9c plus 1 c war tax 1 0cDEATHS.Slofl '-WALKER.James Lewis Waer, aged sixteen, son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert L.'Walker, formerly of Paris, died inSt. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington,axuraay mgni,, or appenaicius. .tie3s survived by his parents, Mr. and"Mrs. Robert L. Walker, three brothers, William, Robert and GeraldWalker, and two sisters, Mary and jJosephine Walker. The funeral wasield yesterday morning at ten o'clockin St. Paul's Catholic Cemetery, inLexington, followed by burial on the 'family lot.Mann, of Millersburg, two brothers,Wm. Wallace and Allen Wallace, ofMissouri, and seven children, Edward, John, James and Joseph Wood,Mrs. Wm. Miller and Mrs. EmmettMartin, all of Collins, Miss., and Mrs.Baker, of Texas.PENN".BELL.4 Mrs. Mary C. Bell, aged eightyyears, widow of Dr. Wm. Bell, diedsuddenly at her home in Lexington,Saturday night, at nine o'clock. Sheilad previously been in apparentlygood health.-Mrs. Bell was a former resident oft&is county, where she had a host ofif ads. She is survived by one sisti Mrs. Bettie Tate, of Shawhan,a& four grandson, O. L., R.v T., M. L.a;nC H. C. Kimbrough, all of Lexington. The funeral was held yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock, in the Carlisle Cemetery, with services conducted at the graveside. Mrs. Bellwas ereatlv beloved bv a wide r.irnlAof friends, who sincerely mourn herpassing away.The funeral of Mrs. HesterWaite Penn, aged seventy-five, whodied at the family home near Hutchison, in this county, Friday morning,after a lingering illness of Bright'sdisease, was held in the Paris Cemetery Saturday afternoon, at fouro'clock, with sei vices conducted atthe giaveside by Rev. Wilkerson, ofLexington. The pall-beareis wereE. E. Woods, J. W. Jacoby, M. R.Jacoby, John McLeod, Newt. Mitchelland Robt. Meteer.Mrs. Penn was born in Fayettecounty on January 28, 1844, and wasa daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.James Bagge, who emigrated fromEngland and settled in this county,near Hutchison. She was married toMr. Lee R. Penn, who survives her.Other survivors "are two sons, E. T.and Robert Penn, of Fayette county,and four grandsons, Stanley, Hugh,Ralph and Lee Penn, all of Fayettecounty.CRAIG.' WOOD.s Mrs, S. J. Mann, of Millersburg, Ireceived a telegram announcing thetfeath of her sister, Mrs. Sue T. Wood,fn. Collins, Miss. Mrs. Wood, before2ier marriage, was Miss Sue Wallace,of Millersburg. She was the widowof James Wood, of Nicholas county,who died several years ago. She isSTUTfTOd by her sister, Mrs. S. J.Mrs. Electa Craig, aged seventysix, died at -her home on the WadesMill pike, near the Bourbon countyline, in this county, at 6:30 o'clock,Sunday evening, after a long illnessdue to a complication of diseases.Mrs. Craig was the wife of Mr. JamesM. Craig, and the daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Carlton Willett,her mother's maiden name being MissNancy Coons. Mr. and Mrs. Craigresided for many years on their farmon the Clintonville pike, but of lateyears have been living on a farmwhich they purchased on the Wade'sMill pike some time ago.Mrs. Craig is survived by her hus-?SfS"fagas-eg331NOTICE TORETAILERSA Private Exhibition of the Moving Picture Entitled"The Troubles of a Merchantand How to Stop Them7'Will Bt Shown to Business People in theAlamo Theatre, Wednesday, July 15thx at 8 o'clockunder the auspices of the Merchants and Business Menof Paris' Mr. R. H. Kennedy, a noted lecturer on modern business methods, representing the National CashRegister Company, Dayton, Ohio, will explain the pictures, .which will deal wifh the following subjects:1; Retail Failures and Their Causes.2. Store Organization.3. Newspaper Advertising. t4. . Window Displays.5. Clerks' Efficiency. f N6. Selling Methods.' 7. Credit Business. : ' " i8. System in Retail Stores.Much enthusiasm has been created in other citieswhere the lecture has been delivered, and it is expectedthat a capacity audience will greet Mr. Kennedy and hispictures.All merchants and salespeople in the city are invited.The admission will be free.E. T.MINTONChairman Committee, Mtrchants' andBusintss Mtn's Association.jiWednesday, July 16, 8 P. M.Alamo Theatre'. '.'INband, Mr. James M. Craig, of thiscounty, two daughters, Mrs. HallieArdery, of near Paris, and Mrs. Jas.R. Bagge, of Lexington, and fourbrithers, Mr. Acquailla Willett, ofParis; Mr. John Willett, of Missouri;Mr. A. H. Willett and W. H. Willett,of Fayette county.The funeral will be held at thefamily home at 10:30 o'clock this(Tuesday) morning, with servicesconducted by Rev. J. Taylor Sharrard, of Paris. The pall-bearers willbe William Clark, John Wright,Charles Pinnell, A. H. Willett, W. S.Willett and Acquilla Willett.JOHNSON.Following an illness from a complication of diseases, extending overa periodof several months, Mr. Wm.Henry Harrison Johnson, aged seventy-nine,one of the best-known andmost respected of the older generation of Paris citizens, paid the greatdebt to nature at his home on Mt.Airy Avenue, in this city, at 7:10o'clock Sunday night. Mr. Johnsonhad been ill for several months, andall that medical science could docould not prolong his life further.About two years ago he fell on theicy pavement, sustaining injuriesfrom which he never fully recovered,and which kept him virtually a prosoner in his home.Mr. Johnson was a native of thiscounty, having been born near Millersburg. His parents werethe late James Harrison and SusanMartin Johnson, both prominent residents of the Millersburg vicinity.He received his early education inthe schools of his time, and in afteryears engaged in business in Millersburg. Mr. Johnson's wife, Mrs. ElizabethJohnson, died in 1903. For severalyears Mr. Johnson conducted theJohnson House in Millersburg, one ofthe most noted hostelries of the day,and one which is remembered to thisday by the older residents for the excellence of its cuisine. Mr. Johnsonwas a man of many intellectual attainments and had a wonderful memory. During the period of his unwilling confinement at his home heenjoyed nothing so much as havinghis friends call and go over the oldtimes with him, his mind proving averitable storehouse of facts, incidents and happenings in connectionwith local, county and State historythat was truly remarkable.After Mr. Johnson and family movced to Paris he entered the grocerybusiness, which he continued up tothe time he was compelled to retirefrom active business.He was a member of Halleck LodgeI. O. O. F., of Millersburg, and wasalways deeply interested in the workof that order. He was one of theleading members of the Baptistchurch.Mr. Johnson is survived by fourdaughters, Miss Susie Johnson andMrs. Lydia Conway, both of 'this city;Mrs. John Clark, of Lexington;Mrs. Vvirgil Chandler, of Columbus,Ohio, one son, Mr. Harold Johnson,of Columbps, Ohio, and two sisters,Mrs. M. R. Collier, of Paris, andMrs. B. F. Morford, of East St. Louis,Illinois, and several grandchildren.The funeral will be held from thefamily home on Mt. Airy Avenue, atfour o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, with services conducted byRev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of theParis Baptist church. The burialwill follow in the Millersburg Cemetery. The pall-bearers will be: Active Thos. H. Pickerell, G. W. Judy,T. D. Judy, Robert Collier, W. H. H.Conway, G. D. Judy; HonoraryWill G. McClintock, W. C. Dodson,T. J. Judy, L. M. Vanhook, E. t.January.GUARD ENCAMPMENT POSTPONED UNTIL WEEK OF AUG. 23The encampment of the KentuckyState Guard has been postponed until August 23. It will last one week.The government had agreed thatthe State Guards might use CampZachary Taylor during July.However, it will be impossible forthe encampment to be held thismonth, according to a telegram fromAdjutant General Tandy Ellis, to Dr.H. B. Tileston, Captain of the Louisville company. The reason givenwas that members will be unable toattend from Lexington and Paducahbecause of it being harvest time.An effort will be made to obtainpermission of the government to usethe camp next month.There are four companies of theState Gaurd, of seventy-five meneach. The men. enlisted for homeduty during the emergency and theirterm of enlistmenlTexpires one monthafter ratification of peace. The planof the organizers is to make hesecompanies the micelus for reorganization of the old First Kentucky RegSHALL WE HALT OR ADVANCE?One year ago, when the fate ofthe world was hanging in the balance, the American soldier in thefront line trenches in France wasgiven the word to start for Berlin.To the glory of American arms,when the doughboy was ordered togo ten miles he did not halt and say,"No, I won't go ten miles. I'll justgo eight miles." He went the fullten miles and many more and democracy was saved.Last fall the American peoplepledged the largest sum ever subscribed in the history of man for asimilar purpose; to minister to thephysical, mental and spiritual needsof men in the service everywhere.The campaign was carried on by seven great agencies, the Y. M. C. A.,the Y. W. C. A., the NationalCatholic War Council (Knights ofColumbus), the Jewish WelfareBoard, the War Camp CommunityService, the American Library Association a-nd the Salvation Army.To date the payments on these subscriptions have covered about eightmiles on a ten mile advance. Thearmy and navy are far from beingdemobilized. Every penny subscribed in. that campaig n is needed. Kentucky is a little better than the restof the States in" average collections,but stands eighth, in the 13 Sta'tesin the Central Army Department.Three States, North Dakota, KansasIowa, are over the the top. Thencomes Ohio, Illinois, Nebraska, Colorado and Kentucky. Indiana isthird from the last.KING EDWARD'S WARNING AFTER VISIT TO GERMANY.Dinner was over; the servants hadleft. The thin smoke of cigars andcigarettes rose up to the gilt ceilingof the large, dignified room whenthe laughter and conversation of themen whose faces and figures formedthe subject of caricatures in theEnglish papers suddenly died away.The host, a bearded man with a highforehead and heavy, bovine eyes,leaned forward. In his rather finewhite hand he held a thick ambercigar holder, which he used as a sortof baton to enforce his words."Gentlemen," he said in the peculiar guttural voice which wasknown and loved in many strangeparts, "look out! I have asked youhere on my return from Germany tosay to J'ou, look out! O colossus isstretching himself. Every greatmuscle' of his arms is taut and hard.Every little cell of his great brainreverberates with two words only,'Der Tag.'"We live in a false security here.We are a democracy which toleratesa monarch. You, gentlement, areour autocrats. Each one of you is theking of England. What are yourmajesties going to do? Are you going to continue to play Canute andhold up your hands to the waves andsay, 'Back?' Are you going to continue to sit within the apparently impregnable walls of your party system? Because, if so, the security of(this kingdom and your little crownsIS not HUuKmauit:. lucic euo hj uia-ders. I say to you again, look out!"That man was King Edward Vn,of Great Britain and Ireland. CosmoHamilton, in the Century.TREASURY DEPARTMENT ANNOUNCES NEW W. S. SAVINGS PLAN.State Director James B. Brown,Savings Division, War Loan Organization, of Kentucky, has receivedthe following telegram from theTreasury Department at Washington: "Savings Division, Treasury Department, has announced that savings certificates in denominations of$100 and $1,000 would be issued forpurchase and investment at once.War Savings Stamps of denominations of five dollars are convertibleinto these securities, which bear thesame rate of interest as SavingsStamps, four per cent, compoundedquarterly."Widespread and continued savingand investment in five dollar stampsthroughout the country has causedinsistent demands for Governmentsecurity, which would combine safetyand profit of savings stamps withconvenience in handling registration.New securities have been issued inresponse to that demand and to provide medium for investment of fundsof fraternal societies, labor unionscivic, social and religious organizations, which signified their desire toinvest their funds in these Government Savings Securities."One hundred dollac certificatesare convertible into $1,000 certificates. Limit of investment , of $1,000 for each individual, which isfeature of Savings Stamp issue hasbeen retained."Reap Your Harvest NowWe offer the most marvelous values of the season! All thenew styles the latest creations in footwear, combiningStyle, Quality and Workmanshipat prices only our system of merchandising can offer.Get Your Share of These Wonderful Bargains.The Savings Are Big,SPECIALLadies' White Canvas PumpsLouis Covered Heel, $3.00 valuesat$99iSI" "w - I S5SJ' VJ'J.J1-1 no - f JMM 1 I III iWALK-OVERif If Oxfords and Pumpsof All DescriptionsAt Bargain Prices!fy&dbLadies' White Sea Island Canvas ' mo qqPumps, Col. , or plain Louis heel PLadies' Dark Tan English Ox- mo vf Qfords at '.... . . . . .po.K7Ladies' Dull Kid English mo qqOxfords at ....'....: ...$&&&Ladies' Patent Kid Pumps do a qMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords, dc ((bench made, at P ""Men's White Canvas Oxfords, mo A QWalk-Overs, at tyOstVMen's Gun Metal English Oxfords, mo CfkWalk-Over, at! O.OtFMen's and Boys' Black Shoes and mo QQOxfords, welts, at qA.wMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign'Paris' Greatest Shoe Storeiiiment. T , -'x&x J. h Vjj bkWcv-a.r-4L