1A&3'tfcvl itlUl-l? .-Nfj iTHENEWSif1" J-..'??V1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRISKY IN THE YEAR,!?-VOLUME XXXVIII!-PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH4, 1919t-BOURBONM&&YOR AND HBEMENA HELLTJVATIME.HAVE lINCOME TAX PAYER IS NOW.FACT-ifThose whoattended themeeting of the Paris City Council declared that there was no use for themanagement of the Paris Grand 1Opera House to bring vaudeville at-,tractions to the city, in opposition toshow put on there. THE NEWS hadno representative at the meeting, butwe are giving the information ashanded to us. IWhen Mayor January announcedat the meeting that he would veto thepassage by the Council of an ordi-nance increasing the pay of the cityflrstnen $10 a month, the members ofthe department tendered their resignations, effective an. March 8. MayorJanuary gave notice that he wouldcall a special meeting of the Councillor to-night (Tuesday) to elect theirauccessors. In explaining his determination to veto the measure MayorJanuary said .he was Got opposed tobetter pay for the firemen, but hewanted the matter' done in a legalway. And then, according to our informants, the vaudeville occurred.But we will let that pass, as it wasjnly hearsay, and not upon the direct evidence of our own. senses.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and "Welfare League, submit-1ted her annual report, which was received and filed. When the matterof increased pay for the firemen cameup, the taking of a vote resulted fourfor the proposition, and three againstit.The following is the report by thefire cominittee recommending an increase: PARIS, KY., Feb. 22, 1919."To the Honorable Mayor and Boardof Council of the City of Paris, Ky.Gentlemen :The request of the Paris Fire Department for increase in their salarieskaving been referred to this Committee at last regular meeting, we havemet and discussed this matter fromall different angles and beg to submit, for your consideration, the following report and recommendation:After taking into considerationthe difference in cost of living expenses of to-day and when these menwere appointed, and for the addition-al.-dutiesimposed on them, and which4otie.! they willingly perform. Namely: Keeping in repair the fire truck;keeping in repair and driving police9&trol; answering police calls and assisting police when called to assist;building and .taking care of policequarters ; painting and papering Council Chamber and washing streets.We recommend that for these additional duties imposed on these menthat each of them be paid the sum of$10.00 per month for the balance oftheir term of office, provided ofcourse, that they strive to fill theirrespective places satisfactorily to theMayor and Councilmen.We also recommend that the expense of $2.50 per Sunday for extraFireman be discontinued. ,J. J. VEATCH,JOHN MERRINGER,JOHN CHRISTMAN,Fire CommitteeA letter was submitted from Mr. L.If. Fuller, of Putnam, Conn., president of the Paris Water Co., relativeto the status of the company regardy ing the water supply and other matters. The letter was referred to acommittee. The Paris Milling Co.was exonerated from the payment oftaxes on 7,000 bushels of wheat soldto the Government March 28, 1918,amounting to $108.50. The Councilpassed appropriate resolutions on thetleath of former Mayor and Councilman John T. Hinton. .City" ClerkHayden announced that he had collected back taxes since , January 3,representing a period of five years,and amounting to $,700.A permit was granted the Bourbon,Lumber Company for the erection ofa large shed at Fourteenth and Highstreets, to be used as a plaining millto cost about $1,000.After passing a large num.ber.pfclaims against the city the Counciladjourned to meet again in specialsession to- night.! IK THE SERVICE OF THEIRrecent nmrHTRVsPrivate Emmett Crump has received an honorable discharge from thearmy service at Camp McClelland,in Alabama, where he has been stationed several months, and . has returned to his home near Little Rock,this county.Ensign G. B. Fishback, who wasrecently musteredMmt of the servicein the Aviation branch, has returnedand resumed his studies in the lawdepartment at the Kentucky University at Lexington. He is a son ofMrs. Ada Fishback, and a brother ofMrs. Clyde Huffman, of Paris.ING THE MUSIC.With the passage of the new revenue bill the problem of making outan income tax return for 1918 is presented to millions of taxpayers, according to Internal Revenue Collec-,tor Elwood Hamilton. iLast year the taxpayer had tokeep in mind the provisions of the1916 and 1-917 acts, both of whichwere effective. This year he hasGOTJ HIS !HRST GLIMPSE t)F-THE. QOTJRT HOUSE SATURDAY.It; seems increditable that anyoneshould have lived in this city forfifty-eight years, and in. a short distance of the principal part of thetown, and" never to have seen Bourbon fcounty's fine court house. YetToppy Nix vouches for the truth ofthe assertion that Dan Daley, whohas been crossing watchman at theTenth street crossing of the Louis-'TOBACCO MARKETS,only one law to consider. The new ' ville & Nashville, in this city, is therevenue bill, however, contains a: man.nutoiber of important changes, with Daley came down Main street Satur-which, in order fully to comply with day night to attend a meeting of oneacquaintexplainedthe law, taxpayers mustthemselves, Mr. HamiltonSaturday. JThe most important change affect-THE NEWS has been handed acopy of a letter from the War Department at Washington, sent to Mrs.Martin Glenn, in which is detailedthe circitmstances surrounding hismysterious disappearance after one ofthe big battles. Glenn was reportedmissing in action. The letter is unavoidably crowded over on acccountof a pressure of advertising on ournews space, and will appear in another issue.of the railroad orders, in which hewas to be initiated, and as he wasgoing along Main street in front ofTHE NEWS office, turned to a coming individuals is the rate, the ex- J pani,on, and rdnarked that it wouldemptions of $1,000 for single persons $he a hard statement for anyone to beand $2,000 for married persons andjiieve, but that that was the firstheads of families remaining the same ltime he nad ever seen the new courtas under the 1917 act: The normal house. Considering the number ofrate of tax under the new act is 6 1 years that have elapsed since theper cent, on the first $4,000 of net J structure was erected, it seems DanREAL ESTATE TRANS ACnOHIrMr. and Mrs. Frank M. Clay, ofParis, received a message from theirson, Douglas Clay, at New York,stating that he was en route toJ Camp Zachary Taylor, to receive hisfinal discharge papers. Private uiayhas been in England with the Dr.Barrow Hospital Unit No. 40. Hewas sent home in -advance of the restst the Unit, on account of illness.He says all the boys will be backsoon.income above the exehnptions and 12per cent, on the remaining net income. This applies to every citizenand resident of the United States.Under the 1916 act the normal ratewas 2 per cent, dn the net incomeof single persons in excess of $3,000and 2" per cent, on the net income ofmarried persons and "heads of families in excess of $4,000. The normalrate of tax on incomes in excess of,the exemptions provided for by the1916 act, therefore, was 4 per cent.oGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you set myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,Clothing Department.Sergt Bonta, formerly of Harrodsburg, .who has lately returned fromoverseas service where he was in amachine gun company with theAmerican Expeditionary Forces, is aguest at the Y. M. C. A. in Paris.Sergt. Bonta went through many ofthe principal engagements with theAmerican troops and acquitted himself very creditably. He contemplates locating in Paris, and is taking advantage of the generous offerof the Y. M. C. A. to assist in procuring suitable employment.In the casualty list issued by theWar Department recently appearedthe name of Private Alvin Thomas, ofParis, who was reported as havingbeen gassed and wounded, degree undetermined, on Nov. 5. PrivateThomas is a brother of Mrs. CharlesSauer, of Paris, and Mrs. W. L.Myers,of Waverley, N. Y. He hasbeen inFrance with the American Expeditionary Force about nine months,been in France with the AmericanExpeditionar Force about ninemonths.hasn't been spending much of histime in sight-seeing. Toppy says thetruth of the story is also vouched forby a number of L. & N. men, whowere with him at the time. Dan hasbeen a faithful servant of the L. & N.in that one capacity for the pastthirty-five years, and has been a resident of Paris for nfty-eight years.About nine years ago a "tourist"who had become stranded in Parisleft a handsome fur-lined overcoat inDan's care, according to our informant, and he has kept it religiously,still awaiting the return of the owner, Or at least the taan. who left thecoat with him for safe-keeping.tfMARCH COURT DAY.Colonel Charles D. Winn, formerParisian, who has been in the regular army service for several years,was a visitor in Paris several dayslast week as a guest of his sister,Mrs. James McClure, on Vine street.Col. Winn, during the Spanish-Americanwar, recruited,, drilled and commanded the Bourbon county contingent, Company I, in the Second Kentucky regiment Col. Winn has justreturned from overseas duty, and ison sick leave. He will return toParis this week to rrtnain severaldays. Col. Winn received a warmwelcome from his old friends, business associates and acquaintances inParis.From point of attendance and thestock on the market March- CourtDay must haje been one of the bestfor many months. There was a largecrowd in the city, and businessseemed very brisk. An unusuallygood trade was reported by the merchants, with cash payments largelyin evidence.Horses and mules predominated inthe stock placed on sale at the pensiand on the "square," all the animalsbringing good prices. MyerS &Smith sold thirty head of fine draftmares at the Murphy yards, at topnrines. ten fine Jersey cows and otherstock belonging to Dog Farris sellingprices.MR. A. B. HANCOCK BUYS NURSERY STUD YEARLINGS.; Arthur B. Hancock has boughtfrom r Major August Bellnont tenyearlings from the Nursery Studnear Lexington including a chestnutcolt by" Trap Rock Peccadillo byHastings, a bay filly by Fair PlayToggery by Rock Sand, chestunt fillyhy Trap Rock Anna Russe'll,. bayfilly by Fair Play Job Lot byOgden, bay colt by Fair Play Felicity, by Rock Sand, bay filly by the.same sire and out or vioiet itay, uyRock Sand. The first of the get ofthe beautiful horse Hourless by Negofel Hour Glass by Rock Sandwill be seen this spring, the winnerof the match'over Omar Khayaamat Tuirel during the autumn of1917, having been miprl last seasonwith' everal of the best mares atat the same sale for fancyThomason & Burris -sold at the ship-'tne, Nursery Stud.ping pens 300 head of sheep; cattle,! i . qmules, horses, sows and pigs, alrofT ' iJjHfiTY SEEDS. "which realized excellent prices. At K BBT HUAUii kmthe stable of Thos. g. Morris forijy Highest quaHty Red Clover,head of fine draft mares were sold by Aklke. -Timothy. Seed 0tS,AV. Jk. A.U.I.U.U, .. w., ... ...-- ,A. Appel, of the same city, sold anumber of draft mares and .horses,with the same high prices resulting.Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold on their floors yesterday a total of 170,655 pounds of tobacco for a money value of $56,422,72, making an average of $33.06.Crop averages ranged from $30 to$57.22. . Some of the best averagesfollow:Utterback & Gilden, 4,230pounds, average $57.22.W. G. Leer, 5,225 pounds, average$46.46.Layson & Burden, 4,160 pounds,average $50.27.Clay & Tobin, 2,280 pounds, average $55.13.Long & Fisher, 5,895 pounds, average $31.24.Collins & Henry, 6,075 pounds, average $39.16.Frank Collins, 3,775 pounds, average $38.93.Ernest Crouch, 2,485 pounds, average $46.29.Crouch & Hall, 2,990 pounds, average $47.15.Weathers & Shrout, 1,845 pounds,average $34.68.Wagoner & Son, 1,920 pounds, average $38.53.Judy & Bryant, 7,895 pounds, average $32.13.Rogers & Summers, 2,200 pounds,average $34.29.Weil & Breeze, 3,970 pounds, average $36.42.Wiggins & Howard, 3,980 pounds,average $36.65.Jesse -Scott, 935 pounds, average$37.42., Scott & Shanks, 2,865 pounds, average $38.81.Bannister & Reed, 4,750 pounds,average $37.68.B. Bates, 2,161 pounds, average$40.55.Scott & Mahoney, 1,940 pounds,average $48.44.B. A. Batterton, 4,130 pounds, average $36.36.Frank Piper, 870 pounds, average$32.13.T. J. Ryan, 750 pounds, average$46.44.Hall & Browning, 6,300 pounds,average $44.76.Keller & Son, 2,015 pounds, average $38.44.Woodford & Henry, 2,290 pounds,average $41.31.Chamberlain & Garrett, 2,330.pounds, average $36.98.Gay & Bobertson, 2,295 pounds,average $55.22. -B. G. Sparkes, 3,490 pounds, average $30.97.B. Bates, 2,225 pounds, average$40.22., o i '- 'CUPID WOULD NOT BE BALKEDIN HIS WORK.Mrs. Bishop Hibler, of Paris, soldlast week to Mr. Willis Hamm, atract of land, containing twenty-fiveacres, located on the Stringtowapike, for $200 an acre.Mr. M. McCurdy sold, through tbParis Realty Co., to Mr. H. C. Mann,his cottage located at the corner ofWalker avenue and Short street, fora price not given out for publication.Prof. J. S. Johnson, of Lexineton.a former principal of the Paris High.School, sold to Mr. Roy F. Clendenin,a vacant lot in the Pinecrest Additionto Paris, for private- price. The lotadjoins one which Mr. Clendenin purchased some time ago.Mr. John Maher has sold his one-vstory frame cottage, located on Twentieth street, in the Catholic Cemetery addition to Paris, the purchaserbeing Mr. Orie Speakes. Mr. Speakespaid $2,700 for the property. He willoccupy it as a home.IIn Jessamine county Saturday thehighest price yet attained for realestate when Mr. C. M. Mansfield, ofParis, purchased of Frank Miller hisfive-acre farm, situated about onemile f rom Nicholasville, for $4,000.Possession will be given on April 1.oAuctioneer George D. Speakes soldto Mr. D. Y. L. Farley, of the' PowerGrocery Co., at public sale Friday afternoon, two one-story frame cottages, located in the rear of the C. S.Ball garage on Fourth street, for$2,750.Mr. S. E. McClanahan, of Paris,superintendent of bridge construction for the Louisville & Nashville,has sold his cottage located in ArnollHeights, in Carlisle, to Mr. C. H.Peterson, recently of Pari3, for $2,-500.ATTENDING IIVE STOCKING.MEETi-The annual "round-up" of theKentucky Purebred Livestock Association was held in Louisville lastweek. Several prominent Bourboncounty livestock dealers attended themeeting. The Mt. Sterling SentinelDemocrat, in noting the meeting paysthe following compliment to a Montgomery county man, Mr. Hughes Atkinson, formerly of Bath county, whomarried Miss Mary Tarr, a daughterof Mrs. Wm. Tarr, of this county:"Mr. Hughes Atkinson, the. successful breeder of Hampshire swine,of this county, addressed ,the Hampshire Swine-Breeders' Association onWednesday night. Mr. Atkinson- isfast winning a national reputation asa swine ureeaer ana uis sutck is muuuthe Courier-Journal."DR. VENABLE RESIGNS PRESIDENCY' OF SAYRE COLLEGEAt the last? meeting of the- Boardof Trustees 6f 'Sayre College, in Lexington, Dr. A. 5. Venable presentednis resignation as president, and theoffice of president was abolished,,whereupon Mrs. Maude S. Barnett,who has been acting principal anddean of women, was placed in activecharge of the college .for' the remainder of the year. The Board will notelect a president ,during the 'presentternu Mr. C. B. Ross "will be. thebusiness manager andiriMisa Kattierlae Mengsecretary. J""" . -,rCommittees have been appointedby the Bible School workers of theNorth Middletown. Christian churchfor the purpose of arranging for apublic reception to the soldier boyswho have returned home from thevarious camps and from overseas service. The date has been set forMarch 12. A program is being arranged, and the work is getting welluntier way. me suiuicio mu mwrelatives will be guests of the Sunday School, and will be assured of awarm welcome and a glad time. Thepeople of the North Middletown precinct were never known to do anything in a half-hearted way, andthis reception will be one of thesocial kind the boys will always re-metaber.GOVERNOR STANLEY NOT LIKELY TO RESIGN.Unless an extraordinary session ofthe United States Senate is called byPresident Wilson, Governor Stanleywill serve out his term before takinghis seat in the Senate.At least, that is the interpretationplaced upon the announcement thathe will remain in the East until afterthe conference of Governors MarchThis, is accepted as imeanlng that theGovernor has no intention of resignin o-Vnd'-heinEr sworn in as:Senator. I- - A. .,WE KNOW HOW-r i.ni l -mii at the nresent sessionsought after. An excellent likeness foFCongress adjourns. The-mext regof him appeared in a recent issue of lar sesi0"n' does not 'conene untilular sessionDecember.EENTUCKY7S MINERAL WEALTHTO RE EXPLOITED,Prof. A. McQ. Miller, of the University of Kentucky, has written a,geology of Kentucky which will bepublished . under the .authority ofState Forester and Geologist J. B.Jiartoni m . ...The book is in five parts stratigraphy, structure, physiography, economic geology and mineralogy.The hook is pertinent at this timebecause of the widespread interest inthe mineral resources of the -State,particularly oil and g, Coal, fluorKTa.r Sclavs, sand, phosphate rock,J limestone and rock asphalt. . - .Don't 'ExperimentwithHats!RITICAL DRESSERS find our new styles inStetson Hats just what they have jn mindand you are sure of Stetson values, as youknow we carry a representative line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.9We EmphasizeStetson Hatsbecause the tendency, is all toward higher pricedhats and yte want you to know ws can give yousound values.Drop in the next time youre passing by and let us-show yoii thmm Hats.$6.00 to $10.00yMITCHELL & 8LAKEM0RENettleton Shoes, Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes. x Manhattan ShirtsStetson fiatsMrs. Elizabeth Brady, of Bourboncounty, purchased of Mr. J. OscarHedges, recently of the same countyforty acres of land located nearGreendale, in Fayette county, known'as the Ross place, at a p"rice notmade public. Mrs. Brady will mj)Yejo the farm. , ' ,-' . -Mr. Mitchell B. Jackson, of theHotel Fordham, sold his modernframe cottage on Second street toMr. and Mrs. Jo. B. Smith, for private price. The purchasers haretaken possession of thehomewKlelfeyis arrery convenient and. well-arran-red one.lTTTThe Cincinnati daily papers of Saturday carried the following story, orone with many variations on theoriginal theme, in regard to the recent wedding; of Mr. D. A. Sant, whois building the big new sewer inParis, connecting South Paris withthe main sewer:"D. A. Sant, contractor of Paris,Ky., appeared in the office of CountyClerk "Wesselman, Saturday, and obtained a certified statement fromDeputy Clerk Wiedner to. the .effectthat he had never been divorced.He was accompanied by his prospective bride, Miss Anna E. Cook, of3010 Cohoon street, and her motherHe is to be married Monday, the ceremony taking place in Holy Angelschurch on Torrence Road."The contracting parties are Catholic and members of that faith areforbidden to re-marry after divorce."It was a ruior that he had beendivorced that caused Sant's requestfor a certified statement from theCounty, Clerk's office. To his greatsurprise he was summoned to Cincinnati by his prospective relatives Saturday. On his arrival "he was informed that Father Davis, of the HolyAngels church, had been informedthat he had been divorced last year., -"The divorce court records of theCounty Clerk's office disproved thereport, and a certified statement tothat effect was sent to the pastor ofthe church."Sant suspects a jealous person ofstarting the false report."oBOTERBON CIRCUIT COTTRTThe: March terfei of the BourbonCircuit Court .will begin next Monday, March 10.' .The term is expectedto be a very busy one. Friday wasthe last day on which suits could befiled for a hearing at this term.The docket as compiled by CircuitClerk SVebb, is approximately as fql-lows I tAppearance equity '. cases, 26, ofwhich! 17 are -divorce cases; ordinaryabearance,- 25 cases; old equity, 262cases! old ordinary. 66 cases. Thecriminal -docket will have a list of 44casesj three of -which are murdercases! Of this number probablytwenty will go to jury trials.: ( 0ADMNISTEATOR .QUAUFIESIn'tbe County Court,' James Shea,of the firm of Lusk & Shea, qualifiedas administrator, with will annexedof the, estate, of the late Mrs. ' MaryR. welch, Oy zurnisning Dona m mesum of $500, with Mr. Robert Sheaas surety.o"JL OF P. THIRD RAUK.At- the regular meeting of RathTbone4, liodge, Knights of- Pythias,Thursday -night the Third Degreewill Ibe "confeuSed. 'All members ofthe Senale-afe urged to be-present;for 'the' occaMon. - - ;. -Thescongregation of the NorthMiddletown Christian church haspurchased a lot adjoining the oldchurch building, on which they willerect a modern parsonage. The contract has been awarded to Mr. W. K.Hagan. The' ground was purchasedfrom the Cemetery Company.The A. S. Thompson farm, recentlysold by Mr. Matt Lair to Mr. CharlesWagoner, has again been resold. Thej latest purchaser is Mr. George "Wagoner, who secured the 152-acre-farnifor an amount said to be around,?39,000. Mr. Wagoner will move tothelace at once.The Paris Realty Co. sold for Mr.Robert Mclntyre, of Paris, the cottage belonging to Mr. W. S. Pattonrlocated on High street. The pricepaid was not made public. Thisproperty has changed ownership fourtknes during the past few weeks, -andeach successive purchaser hasbought at an advance in price.Mr, Homer Kiser sold his cottageon Cypress street, near Virginia avenue, to Mr. E. J. Burris, for $3,500.Mr. Burris also purchased the vacantlot adjoining the Kiser place, at thecorner of Cypress street and Virginiaavenue, frdm Dr. F. P. Compbell, fora private price. Mr. Burris willmove to he property.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes conducted the public sale Saturday forCollier Bros., on the premises, nearParis. Ten eows sold for 75 to$150 per head: ' twenty heifersbrought ?3fr 'to $50 per head; sows''and pigs sold from $60 to $75 perhead; one mule, $175. Twenty dairrcows belonging to Mrs. J. TJ., Boardman brought from $10 to- $145- per-head.At the Clay Cleveland public sateFriday of livestock, crop, etcv conducted by Auctioneer George. J3.Speakes, horses brought $45 to $19iper head: cows, $85 to $90 per head;sows, $40 per head; sheep, $13.10-perhead; loose hay in rack, $20 per toa;chickens, $1.10 to . $1.5fr; turkeyhens, $7.50; turkey gobblers, $11.-2.5each.High prices were also realized atthe public aale conducted for Mr.John Brophy, n the Brophy fantt;.:near Pais,- which was also.conduded;by Auctioneer Speakes. Big cattleIsold for 131-per head-j .cows, $8 5' to$122.50 per head; horses,- $5to'$100 per head; corn; $8,15 per ban-relr hay.- $35 .to -$52.50. per taokjchickeits, $1,10 each, and UTkeyuhens. $10.25-each. The farm'trnple-;ments sold.high j, -.w. -tt-tt-o ; -"t INSURANCE..Fire. TnwU,YEttKES MHtCJ14-tt) ' '4HiTjn&kiiji!ii;lifiiIfh:1 2,Ai$-"HlnIt 3i'tI.r MLGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH $, 1919.WL BOURBON NEWSHtlablishei 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPablished Every Tuesday and FridayFr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Jfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Aaj erroneous reflection upon, thejAaracter, standing or reputation offcaj person, firm or corporation whichM.y appear in the columns of THEBOtfRBON" NEWS will bd gladly corrotd if brought to attention of thefiifco.ADVERTISING RATES9splay Advertisements, $1.00 perUch for first time; 50 cents per incho& subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linewon issue; reading notices in blacktype, 2f)xce s.ta per line, each issue.Carga of thanks calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesaeaU and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is receivedto decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-v Business "Beating Back"A statement from the Departmentof Labor says that "the enlightened"business men of America know thatit is 'impossible to come back to theconditions of 1913 when the rest of11 5 world is living in 1919." The intL ,ition accompanies the statementthat a lot of our men are short onnerve. A .sort of psychological stateBaa becdme general and it has induced timidity.Secretary of Commerce Redfieldlias taken affirmative action to induce business to "go ahead." He declares that the slow economic processof allowing factories to close, andworkmen to stay idle until consumption resumes, is dangerous. To prevent uncertainty as far as possible,fie is, organizing a board that will fixthe -prices that the Government will,pay for its own purchases. Thisprice does not bind private purchasers, or industry, but it is expectedtkat the Government scale will became a basis upon which others mayagree in carrying on their affairs.Mr. Redfield is "very rnuch heartened by the attitude which industrial readers have taken.".. He saysthat ''capital should absorb the firstshock of readjustment, not only because it is better able than labor todo-so, but because capital has profited more largely from war-time business." According to the Secretary,capjttal is carrying the most of thepresent burden, and doing businesswithout-trofit. He maintains thatprices must go down, and that a readjustment that will make everything cheaper" than it is now, must3be- arrived- "at: The following fromMr-, itedftefd'seems to reach the cruxofr the .situation: "Who will ctfnyttdau then, if the Government nowlends -a hand to business to enable itto get back to a peace-time footing,providing always, of course, that thethings - which business seeks to doanLwhich the Government helps itto do are'-foihe general good."In: substance, finally, we purposeto -bring capital, labor and the Government into common counsel together around one table and withone purpose to do the best possiblefor the country."Return of" tm? President.When President Wilson . went toEurope there was an awiui rab-ct mWashington. Washington loves precedents, and apparently Mr. Wilsonnever allows them to interfere withhfcr purposes. And so he went toEurppea tfiing none of his predecessors had ever done. A very unfriendly lot of epithets were hurledat him as he departed. But the President Tetiirns, and it is noticeablethAthe "Wilson smile" hasn't wornoff.,He"is acclaimed everywhere asa leader -who has done great things.HtfKasA succeeded, and -nothing succeeds like success, especially amongpoliticians. It does not need a partisaarCo analyze the situation; forthough tons of words and speechesmay be spilled upon the subject, thefact remains that Mr. Wilson has atigiiWcgrip on Congress and the offlclaitirs ot the country, than heyerthd before.' And Mr. Wilsonreturns -with a definite and deter--mb&ipurpose to carry his points atjjDBhi'" A few are attempting to"m&p politics."" but most of Washington is. obedient to the demand ofthe aation, which unquestionably is"sfcaaiing back-of the President asvigorouly to-day as at any timesiaoA'lfcae- l6ginning of the war.TV League of Nations stands inno dagger, f setting tripled up inte Moafs IJoctrihe-. Im faat it isif" ". -ibeing clearly pointed out that thetwo can woric together in entire harmony. Candles For the Rich.Thomas A. Edison once predictedthat the time would come when onlythe rich could afford to burn candles. In 1915 the average Americanfamily spent $22 a year for spenoil and candles, and they got 25candle-power lights for their money.Then came kerosene, and this formof lighting was only two-thirds asexpensive as candles. Gas light inthe average home, prior to 1885,cost about $34 a year, but of coursethe illumination was greatly increased as compared to that furnished by candles and oil. The averagefamily is again back to the $22a year basis for lighting, but instead of flickering candles, they havesomething like 13,500 candle-horsepower-hours.,When the Lord said,"Let there be light," it must havebeen in contemplation of the presenttimes. But reckoned in the scale ofthe "cost of living" electricity hasdone marvelous things.NO POTASH FROM FRANCE BEFORE JUNE.Even under the most favorablecircumstances no potash frcn Alsacecould be available in the UnitedStates for agricultural' uses beforeJune 1, 1919, according to an announcement issued by the War TradeBoard upon authentic and official information to that effect, receivedfrom the French High Commission inthe United States. France will beunable, according to the announcement, at least until April to shippotash from the potash mines ofAlsace. The advices further indicate that for the next few monthspractically the entire-potash outputof the Alsatian mines will be urgently required for agricultural purposes in France.It is the view of the War TradeBoard that it will be necessary forthe United States to rely entirelyupon its domestic potash productionfor the coming spring season.Farmers' organizations or farmerswho are in a position to buy potashin carload lots can secure it fromsome concerns at a reduction on theretail price at present quoted. TheBureau of Silos, Department of Agriculture, will furnish a list of American potash producers upon application. oRUB IT! RHEUMATIskPAIN STOPS, TRY IT!Don't Suffer! Instantly Relieve Sore,Achine muscles and joints with"St. Jacob's Liniment.-"Rheumatism is "pain only."Not one case in fifty requires internal treatment. Stop drugging!Rub the -misery right away! Apply?nrthiner. nenetratinir "St. Jacob'sLiniment" directly upon the "tenderspot" and relief comes instaniiy."St. Jacob's Liniment" conquerspain. It is harmless rheumatWn liniment which never disappoints andcan not burn the" skin.Limber up! Stop complaining!Get a small trial bottle of "St.Jacob's Liniment" at any drug store,and in just a moment you'll be freefrom rheumatism pain, soreness andstiffness. Don't suffer! Reliefawaits you. "St. Jacob's Liniment"is just as good for sciatica, neuralgia,1 lubago, backache, sprains andswellings. (adv)o-CALL FOR KENTUCKY RED CROSSCHAPTERS' WORK.Red Cross workers in the LakeDivision, comprising Ohio, Indianaand Kentucky, are to help completethe national quota of 1,000,000sewn and knitted garments a monthto be made and sent to relieve acutesuffering in Eastern Europe.An order just received at Lake Division headquarters at Cleveland, O.,assigns a quota of garments to becut, assembled and sent to chaptersin Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky tobe made up' before June 1. "Theneed is great to a degree few athome can realize," wrote Harvey D.Gibson, American Red Cross Commissioner to Europe.oThere is Inore Catarrh in this section nf thA r.nnntrv than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local treatment,pronounced incurable. Catarrh is alocal disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catrarrh Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One hundred dollars reward is olfered for anycase that Hall's Catarrh Medicinefails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Onio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv) mar)HUNDRED YOUNG WOMEN GOINGTO PRANCE IN YM. C. A.More than 100 women, representing every State in the union, will goto France as Young Womens's Christian Association workers and be assigned to duty there in the 22 leaveresorts of that organization, it wasannounced in New York. These women, who were chosen by the Stateboards of the General Federation ofWomen's Clubs, are sent in answer torepeatedappeals of soldiers for women workers from their Jiome States.j 'ML. m WW WSSsSLlA. 2aS9sjBa,BaTsKffjHr? vWJfiflAnf ra YTIII f aV Vi-vs" Iy9bfBi1sBaETrTTmaTawVlmCi-7 Z rWMimp: enure iflRnnvL SAVES TIME; MMssacgisiCUMMDTGS ELECTED CHAIRMANNATIONAL DEMOCRATICCOMMITTEE.WASHINGTON, D. C, February28. Homer S. Cummings, of Connecticut, was eected Chairman of theNational Democratic Committee Wednesday and the committee voted for acomplete reorganization for anggressive campaign in 1920.The' resignation of Vance McCormick "as Chairman, tendered whenMr. McCormick went to Paris, as anadviser 'at' the peace conference, formally was accepted, with a resolutionof thanks to the retiring Chairmanfor his work. A similar resolutionwas adopted in accepting the resignation of Carter Glass, who resignedas Secretary when he became Secretary of the Treasury.The reorganisation contemplatesthat the standing officers of the committee shall include, in addition tothe Chairman, two Vice Chairmen, aSecretary, who shall be a member;an Executive Secretary, who may ormay not be a member; a Treasury,who shall be a member; a Director ofFinance; who may or may not be amember, and a Sergeant-at-Arms, whomay or may not be a member.J. Bruce Kremer, of Butte, Mont.,and Samuel B. Amidon, of Wichita,Kan., were named as Vice ChairmenE. G. Hoffman, of Ft. Wayne, Ind.,Secretary; W. R. Hollister, of Jefferson, of Executive Secretary; W. D.Jamieson, of Shenandoah, Iowa, Director of Finance.Wilbur W. Marsh, of Waterloo,Iowa, and John I. Martin remain,respectively, as Treasurer and Ser-gearit-at-Arms.The selection of Vice Chairmanfrom Western States was pointed toas indicating the purpose of the committee to conduct a vigorous campaign in that section.A resolution favoring the enfranchisement of women through anamendment to the Federal Gonstitutiort was adopted, 28 to 10.A plan for an association nationalcommittee of women, proposed byMR: FAMILY MAN:Why .Spend SoMuchMoney on Sfibes?Here is what Tracy Munsbn ofJoplin, Missouri, says of NeolinSoles: "Judging from my own experience, they wear four times longerthan other soles and have the additional advantage of being waterproofand slip-proof.Why continue to wear extravagantold-fashioned soles when you can getthese money-saving, long-wearing soleson new shoes in any style you likefor any member of the family? Goodshoe stores everywhere carry them.And don't throw away your oldshoes. Have them re-bottomed withNeolin Soles and enjoy the comfortof a re-soled shoe which' is not stiffor clumsy. Neolin Soles are a discovery of Science, and are made byThe Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.,micron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeelsguaranteed to outwear aliother heels.ItepjingolesBRIGHTER.EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house. iuseGlectricitiTor EidbtittdIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sets?qr Beating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.LetjsFix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gis.Paris Gas & Electric Co.- J - (IneonHwitti) . .?C-" -TMrs. Georgev Bass'! of Ctficago. wasadoped.Members of this auxiliary committee, the plan provides, are to be appointed by tKei Chairman of the National uommiTCee on ixominaiion Dythe committeemen of the respectivestates until some different method isadopted. The plan also contemplatesthe election or 'appointment of awoman as Vice Chairman of everystate and county committee and ineach congressional district, and theselection of " a committeewoman ineach state senatorial district, town,ward or precinct, as the associates, ofthe corresponding male officials ofthe party in these subdivisions.Mrs. Bass, who held a proxy, gamed the distinction of being the firstwoman to participate in the proceedings of the committee.oCombs.Combs have been used In the toiletsince very ancient times. The Greeks,the Egyptian and the Roman ladlesused them to arrange and hold up theirhair ; even ladies-'among the Swiss lakedwellers seem to haye been familiarwith them. Some of these were madeof wood, some fof bone, of horn or ofivory. Specimens haye often beenfound in recent years.-0--iron' In Ukralnfa.Within the boundaries of Ukralnla are found the principal availabledeposits of iron ore 'in Russia. Thedevelopment of the iron ore depositsof the Krivoi Rog district has beenmainly responsible foi the rapidgrowth of the Russian Iron and steelIndustry, which now depends to onextent of about 70 per cent onthIron- ore In the southern part of thecountry.The American Red Cross has established a continuous sled servicebetween its base at Archangel, Russia, and places where the Yanks arestationed.Take theFugazzi WayBusiness SuccessYou young men and womenof Paris and vicinity cannotafford to procrastinate anyany longer. Now is the timeto act. The "Fugazzi Way" isthe sure way to business success. All we ask is a thoroughinvestigation after that weknow we'll have the pleasureof enrolling you.Start that investigation today, by sending-for our booklet, "The Fugazza Way Leads"to the Highest Positions.""Efficiency is Our Watchword." Mrs. L. V, Jones, Principal; L. P. Southern, Busi--nessManager.Fugazzi Schoolof BusinessMrs. L. V. Jones, Principal,118 N. Upper St., Ler. Ky.v ,vst. H u Btv; '"If I coma, In yoiryM;d4 will, yourdog bite me?"' aslfed -leary , JWlUe."I'm not certain, mister,1' repjjtei thewoman of the house, "but the man whosold him to us says that he'll chase atramp 10 miles without stopping ButI'm not goIngNto believe It till I see Itdone."-People's Home Journal.For SaleHaving leased my farm and movedto town, I offer at private sale asolid mahogany set, consisting oflarge sideboard, serving table, dining table, one-half dozen chairs,and china closet.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstieet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.. ,Cumb. Phone 37'4.(2S-tf)xBuy a Good MuleOr Horser .For the FarmHere's an opportunity that won't comeagain unless there is another world war.A superior lot of Government mules and horses will besold at the Kentucky State Fair grounds, in Louisville,Ky., on Friday and Saturday, March 7 and 8, for cash orcertified check to the highest bidder. Sale commencesat 9 o'clock a. m.The war is over and1 the Government has no furtheroisefor these animals. They are sound, fat and in excellentcondition, just the kind of horses and mules Uncle Samuses. Every animal has been worked within the lasttwo months.Sale will be held in closed pavilion. Allnecessory help given by the Quartermaster in loading and billing stock forshipment.AUXILIARY REMOUNT DEPOT No. 319Louisville Ky. Phone 174 TaylorAt Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron mares and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the farms. See ourj Percheron: mares before you buy. Time to responsible partiesWill show you horses any day in the week except Monday.J. F. COOK & CO., Lexington Kentucky.Phone, 47; Night Phone '2845Y or 5631. (21feb-lmo)Try.THE UNIVERSAL CARIt's no longer necessary to go into the details describing the practical merits of the Ford car everybody knowsall about "The Universal Car." How it goes and comesday after day and year after year at an operating expenseso small that it's wonderful. This advertisement is to urgeprospective buyers to place orders without delay. Buy aFord car when you can get one. We'll take good care ofyour order get your Ford to you as soon as possible andgive the best in "after-service" when required.Ruggles Motor Co.j ,. Bank Row, Paris, Ky.. 4 .. If?Make Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & Terminal Co.For Sale.I offer at private sale the gentlestand best family mare in Bourbon,county; good, driver; splendid chancefor anyone wishing to buy a gentlemare.MES. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-if)LOSTA Georgetown College Class Ring,A. B. '14, marked S. E. S., on inside,between Mrs. C. N. Fithian's andCity School. Leave at BOURBONNEWS. (28-tf)Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can- buy andmake, at reasonable prices.Ji yon want a watch, don't eo to ftblacksmith shop to buy it, and domttake your horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand yon will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo N. KBIENEE.5fcT"A-A3...1$& ' "'0&" "f IIfcw(.l"J,I A. F. Wheeler's IOur Sale Began February 14th and Will Last Until March 31stWe have been very busy getting in our many car loads of House Furnishings for this sale. Our stock representsa broader and more complete selection than ever before. Our February end March Sale is an annual affair and weurge you to come in and get what you want. Have them set aside and we will deliver when you are ready. Rememberthis is our biggest February and March Sale.Iron and Brass BedsA beautiful full size Simmons Steel Bed, solidwhite, worth $9.00Our February and March Sale$6.25Iron BedsA large continuous 2-inch Brass Finished Simmons Steel Bed, a value for $16.00Our February and March Sale$13.00Bed SpringsThe Sagless Spring regular priceOur February and March Sale$8.50$11.00,WB& d vl ' 111 ill Mf iff I I i. ;! Ijjfei nnf o I tp"', !H Jaw ( (,Rugs , and Linoleums9x12 Tapestry Rugs worth $25.00, fci AnOur Feb and March Sale $10.UU9x12 Tapestry Brussells Rugs worth o 1 A A$30.00, February and March Sale....$l.UU9x12 Tapestry Brussels Rugs worth tOC (fi$35.00, February and Jktarch:Sale....PMW$33.00$42.509x12 AxminsterJRugs worth $45.00,Our February and March Sale9x12 Axminster Rugs worth $55.00,Our February and March SaleAll other Rugs at the same rate of reduction.Inlaid Linoleums worth $4.00,now$3.25$2.90$1.30worth $1.25, Feb. and March Sale per yd. .Inlaid Linoleums worth $3.50,Printed Linoleums worth $1.60,ilvYVA splendid grade of Printed Linoleums riff-"The Richmond" Kitchen CThe Richmond is a large solid oak Cabinet with doubdoors, has sliding metal top, a complete set of glass (an elevated metal ilour bin and a complete cupboard -apartmentbelow, with sanitary sliding shelf and metal bread box, a valuewell worth $36.00-Febifiiary and, March Sale $27.50We also carry the famous Sellers and Hoosier Cabinets. , Thesewill be reduced ateo during our February and March Sale. -mtiarMtvi !' irPTrrraayTHE NEW PROCESSGas Stove Saves GasThe wonderful New Process Gas Stove that is built to last and IsP'puiit ior styie, wun ine many new patterns to snow you atA Big Saving of 20During Our February and March Sale,IL -Job JfT.,M ., If'EssSPVBHn ":pn r-. 1DiningSuit in aPeriod Design.Very handsome Dining RoomSuit patterned in the period ofWilliam and Mary, made ofgenuine mahogany and consists of a yery large buffet,the high base China withdouble doors, the 54-inchtab.l wittusbc very attractivechairs with brown or, ? blueleather seats. This is only oneof the many new. and attractive Suits we are showing, avalue regular at $290.00.Ftb. and March Sale$228.50All other Dining RoomFurniture at the samereduction.THE RELIABLEQuality Coal RangeThere will be no better time to save money on- thatcoal range youhave been needing than during ourFebruary and March Sale. -We show a complete department filled with the verybest coal ranges manufactured, the all cast iron kindthat will last a lifetime.These Have a Prica beginning At$65.00And Xunning Up To $115.H.These are subject to 20 discount during this sale.1 " T' 7 'We Are Agents for theable Steel RangeDining Tables!Dining Tablesin many styles e,t.ab-sa?iiijrdur-ingour Febratry W Htrcl deTbe New IcebergRefrigerators Save IceWe hayeTone car load of the great NewIceberg Refrigerators, on our floor andWe Can Save Yoo2 PER CENTon any size you -will need. See themduring our February and March Sale.B rt r "Hi t 3 Wr fc : ITK. . WKn& toBfeHP,?BrPS -rf I?Mattresses!You must have a good mattressif you want to nest. We areshowing a beautiful . line of PeltMattresses, the kind you willneed for your home.2d PER CENT OFfJSftt'- - Ir"During Our February and MarchhWindowShadesfYmrwillnMd wn hd durinc ourFebruary and MarcirSal.iThis SMe mean every thing in our store and the wonderful stock we have been getting In will prove to you thatwe are having the one! wonderful Feb. and March Sale.: Child's Crib BedThe Simmons BungatoWr-WpoStBed,1 aoBSwhite, worth $16.00, bur 'Feb. Ul..and March Sale price.........9fl!fWE DELIVER OURGOODSTi- Us awl Yauwill Like UsWHEELER'SA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co..--.i-m-- rHAS. GREEN. Manaccr. r - Paris, KentuckycOpposite Court HouseParis, KentuckyWE DELIVER OURGOODStry Ua as andi YauwMLHwUsWHCrLfcRSMttit11nrh iU.'JW iitij)i4ifriii ). i,'i;:lJshii:J -o -J-.Jt - -f IMPERFECT IN 0R1GINAL,- N ..-X.PAGE HN71THE BOTJBBOI ..KEWS, TAM1S, IMTIHKIUTUESDAY. MARCH S,.lfXf. ?Tv?- &,- w -r v .-i-- .1POLITICAL POT IS KOBE THAU' ,., BOILING OVER.It is said that Major Samuel M."Wilfcon, of Lexington, certainly willntdr ttitey' race' for the DemocraticnotaiInatita' for Governor. , T. J.Re&jiy. in! Charge of faajor Vilson'eheauartjers at Lexington, gave outa. statement in which he said .thatMajor "Wilson's candidacy was beingfavorably received in all quarters inKentucky and that replies to the"pulse fejers" put out by the Wil.soii .organizers indicated that - hiscandidacy was "taking, like wildfire.' ' .JudgeW..T. Lafferty, dean of thelaw' college of the University of Kentucky, Saterday in a letter to JudgeC. H. Peterson, of Carlisle, Ky., declined to enter the coming primaryas a, candidate for Lieutenant Governor, stating that his j?lans for .thenext -several years have already 'beenmade and that under no circumstances fcould he consider becning a candidate. Persistent rumors that Congressman, J. Campbell Cantrill, of the Seventh District, will become Ta; candidate! for United States Senatoragainst Senator J. C. W. Beckham,have been circulated since the Congressman's denunciation of the action of Democratic Senators in votingagainst the woman suffrage amendment- two weeks aero, commff. it isbelieved, from LouisvilleRELIGIOUS.Mrs. Josephine Stearns, of Indianapolis, Ind., a prominent workerin C. W. B. M. circles, delivered aninteresting address at the NorthMiddletown Christian chuch, Sunday,in the interest of the National workof that organization. A special program was observed under the auspices of the North Middletown C. W.B. M.' MATRIMONIAL.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris,Field Secretary for the MethodistSunday Schools of Kentucky, received a telegram Sunday from Methodistheadquarters at Nashville, statingthat the big drive scehduled for April27 to' May 4, had been' changed toApril 13 to April 22. This campaign, which has for its purpose theraising of $115,0(n),000 in five yearsfpr missions, is launched in celebration of 100 years of organized missionary work in the ( Methodistchurch. The M. E.' Church will raise180,000,000, the M. E. Church,South, ?35,000,000 and the CanadianMethodists $15,000,000.Rev. Dr. I. Cochran Hunt, pastor of the Second PresbyterianTt is nn. i church, at Covington, delivered anderstood' from: friends of Mr. Cantrill ! eloquent discourse in the Paris Pres-who have started the boom for him,that differences on the suffrage question which have prevailed betweenhim and the senior Senator fromKentucky since the Congressman declared for equal suffrage in 1917,may, lead h&n to consider the race forthe genatorship. Mr. Cantrill camebyterian church at the morning andevening services Sunday, to a largely-augmentedaudience. Dr.Hunt tookfor his morning theme, "God isLove." Miss Mary Dan Harbisonrendered a beautiful solo at both services. Following the morning sermon. Dr. Hunt ordained and installedout for suffrage about eighteen L" " ,, A t ZI-n,nBti flr c.-nf.0iii.Himoiinfl.as follows: Elders 0. L. Davis,k wiTit omnmn nf fhix ! Robert MeteerUCCU il (UUbUb ,litiiiun.vr. vr. ..v Icause of the women. He voted forthe .amendment presented in theHouse of Representatives in January,1918.' j-THE HUlit OF INDUSTRYIYou can sing no song of prosperity save to the accomplishment ofthe hum of industry. When industry lags prosperity takes wings.Factory smoke may mar thebrightness of the skies, but it workswonders with the brightness in thehome.And its brightness we are -needingin the homes of America to-day.We've had enough of gleom thelast 18 months to last a long time.Bringing the boys back will help Iand Duncan Bell;Deacons John Woodford, John M.Brennan, .Clarence Kenney and M.Peale Collier.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoLEXINGTON CONCERN HAS $40,000 EIRE LOSS.Fire of unknown origin virtuallydestroyed the Lexington TobaccoHogshead Cmopany, 537 Pattersonstreet Saturday night, causing an estimated loss of between $35,000 and? 4 0,0 00. Insurance on the plantamounts to ?18,000.The property owned by the company was about one acre of land.The plant covered about three-tremendously. But if the boys come- fotts aa . ere S- ,,fJ.JJ.C Ulcl&e OUCH. ICU 11X me uui (.utuoi.back, to a poverty of jobs it will beanother story.Some of them have ccne to justthatj thing. If you're doubtful scanjing.corner ofthe plant and a light windfrom the north quickly spread theflames to the remainder of the build-the ! "Situation Wanted" column ofthe dally papers.To, make it worse America' has acquired the habit of good times during the last four years. Thg, worldwar caused the nations of Europesimply 'to bombard us with orders of g plant during the tobacco season.an sorts taat ciuurueu pivpt:ij.i.j.The plant had closed, following itsrule, a tnoon on Saturday, and according to Mr. Hart, there had beenno one on the premises, at least notin the part of the plant where thefire originated, since noon. Fromthirty to fifty men are employed byEverything went balloning, wagesalong with the rest. The averageman made 'more money and moreeasily then he ever had in his life.Not infrequently habits of extravagance, developed.But the fact is that Americansgenerally 'expect these conditions tocontinue. There is no reason whythey should not, why the bottomshould fall out of things at all. Wehave jk far better opportunity thanour foreign neighbors.Yet we will have to do our part tomakejthe most of these opportunities.Uncle' Sam owes a tremendousamount of money to American industries.-!Something like $x2,000,00),000 iias been stated. And he wantsto pa it. The industries need it to"branch, out along independent Jines.An, the Victory-Liberty Loan 'willpay these debts. Will help 'keepthings going at high speed. Stave offindustrial stagnation. ;That's' exactly what all of us wantto se$Vdone. We want things' toboom..Hoy much our bond purchases willindica-to."-So help make industry hpm. .. .o- "IMPERIAL ENCAMPMENT TO EN-"TERTAIN TO-NIGHT.On account of7 the oyster supper tobe givh by Imperial Encampment,L O. !X)rT. to-night, there will beno degree work at the meeting. Every mlmber, with his wife, sweetheart of'daughter, and the members-of thei'iRebekah Lodge, are expectedto be toresent. Hours from 7:30 to10:30 j m.r-l . - . ' iFfrer Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoWOUNDED SOUHERS TO BEGIVEN HELP.More'than 1.200 convalescents andyoung children in the big Armenian Portland.'refuge- camps at fon. &aiu are ieuby & Rjed "Cross diet kitchen, -. . ,.h ' 0The'lted Cross in France is sub-Surgeon General Ireland has announced that it iS the War Department's policy to retain wounded andsick soldiers at military hospitalsonly long enough to restore theirhealth to a degree which would per-imit them to return to their formeroccupations. It was not the purposeto treat the men indefinitely, he said,and thus expose them to "hospitalization." Men to be. retained under "(militarycontrol, the surgeon general said, include those suffering from acute diseases, or unhealed lesions, from comm'unicable diseases, from disabilitieswiich can be corrected within theterm of enlistment of the patient, and those "suffering fromchronic or permanent disabilitieswhich are susceptible for improvement or to fit them for the industrial opportunities" of the trainingcourse provided by the Federal boardfor vocational training." 'Soldiers who have been blinded ortheir eyesight jmuch impaired' ..will,under the regulations, 'be retaineduntil they are able to care 'for themselves or are otherwise physically fitfor discharge. The deaf or nearlydeaf, may be retained until theylearn lip reading.- Cases of amputation of the leg or arm, or both, areto be kept in the hospitals until provisional artificial limbs or arms areprovided.y oWounded Canadians, - returning"home via Portland (Me.) will be cared for by the canteen and motor ambulance service of the Red Cross at( 'plying tcoal to returning refugees.ii-. Thorough the Chautauqua circuits,30 or more Red Cross, ,nurses fwillspread the gospel, of public healththroughout the country this summer.STATEMENT j)i THE ' '" ?':Farmers BankMillersburg, Ky. .County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Saturday toMr. Harper Rarnhill and Miss Myrtle Busseil, both of Bourbon county.BELLOU LEGG.Mr. Fred Legg, of Cincinnati,,and Miss Sadie E. Bellou, of Atlanta,Ga., were married last week in Cincinnati. Theg room is a brother ofMrs. J. Frank Trisler, of Paris, andhas many friends here who extendsincere congratulations. Mr. Legg ispresident of the Logan and KanawhaCoal Co.HULS JUDY.Mrs. Mattie Hulls, formerly ofMt. Sterling, and Mr. Wm. Judy, awell-known and wealthy farmer ofClark bounty, were married in Lexington recently, the ceremony beingperformed by Rev. Mark Collis in thepresence of a few intimate friendsand relatives.The bride will be well-rememberedby Paris people who were guests atOil Springs and at Olytmian Springs,where she was for many years associated in the management. 'Shewas, granted a divorce from her former husband some time ago.TOLD HIM: HE WOULD IffAKE. P00RtBUOTESS MAtf; J "The newest form of business college in Paris has originated ,al the'Paris postoffice, judging froni the' following incident which happened at'the general delivery window at noonyesterday. As a small boy approached the window with, a parcel postpackage he wished to mail a'smartlydressed wdman stepped up' and said:"Please get out of - the way, littleboy, I am in an awful hurry.'''' -The boy very politely and veryconsiderately stepped to one side Inorder to enable the womanV to 'mail'her package. After purchasing " astamp the woman 'turned to the boyand-said: "Young man, if you arethat easy all through life you willnever make a "successful-; business;man. .And without 'another, word, .noteven1 a word of thanks to the youngfellow, the haughty dame .strodeaway, leaving the boy to. winderwhat she would say to a male.wQshould give up his seat, to her, in acrowded car. . "COCHRAN ROBERTSONTo-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clockthe marriage of Miss Katherine Chocran to Mr. Thomas Stone Robertson,of Bethel, Ky., will be solemnized atat the home of Mr. and Mrs. Asa Jewell, on Ashland avenue, in Lexington. Rev. Ernest Thacker, of the FirstPresbyterian church, will be the officiating minister., After the wedding the bridalcouple will leave for a trip and willbe at home after March 15 at Bethel,Ky.The prospective bride is wellknown and greatly admired in Paris.As head of the Studio Club, of Lexington, and more recently with thrLexington College of Music, she hatbecome intimately acquainted with alarge circle of music-lovers in Paris"all of whom extend her congratulations in advance of the happy event.TT77TFRANK SCO.... tC. . LADIES' OUTFITTERSsixi'-Public SaleMillersburg PropertyI will sell at public sale on thepremises, on Trigg street, in Millersburg, Ky., at two o'clock, p. m. 'SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1919.two houses and lots. Lots 235 feet,with 50-feet frontage. Have goodcistern with alnple supply of waterYor both houses; concrete walks in.front. Each house four rooms. Thesehouses have never been vacant sincethey were built.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.PHIL MAHER,Geo. D. Speakes, Auct. Paris, Ky.BOOTH COLEMANMiss Virginia Booth, of Lwrenburg, sister of Mr. Harry Booth,formerly of Paris, and Dr. Davis H.Coleman, of Harrodsburg", were married last week in Lawrenceburg, atthe htfne of the bride's mother. Thebride is considered one of the most;popular young society women irLawrenceburg. She has frequentlybeen a guest of her brother, when hewas located in business in Paris.vThe groom, who is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Clell Coleman, of Harrodsburg, is a promising young physician,located at Cincinnati in the practiceof his profession. He has only recently been released from militaryduty, having been a Lieuteant in theMedical Corps, stationed at Fort Oglethorpe, Ga.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Booth, who attended the wedding, visited at thehome of the tatter's parents, Mr. andMrs. A. J. Fee, in this city, before returning to their home in Montgomery, Alabama.o"MARSE HENRI" EDITION OFCOURIER-JOURNAL A HUMMERWe AtePny 3PNow Showingring ivioaeisIN4-'V EVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITS.KftSPRING COATSDolmans ACapesC-epe de Chene'and VoileBlousesandSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS6cMarchft :ir feuM:;W RESOUKUUBdusk JLqjUitie fromBikif fHouee . ---3r566,648.69.-MJOO.QO534,081.731,44?.83vr.-&'LIABILITIESDue to Banks,'. . .:Capital.''.'.' .".Surplus. ", v w .Earnings . . . . . ,Deposits: . . . . ii . . '''s.: ".,0030,000.00"22,000.0- 2T839.821,054,34.43Louisville newspaperdom witnessa genuine surprise Sunday, whentb "Marse Henri" edition of the Sunday Courier-Journal appeared onsale. The paper comprised nine sections, seventy-two pages in all, filled;f nln front to back with good readingand special features.The edition was issued as a compliment to the editor emeritus of theCourier-Journal, Henry Watterson,in recognition of his fifty years injournalism. Mr. Watterson, who isspending the "winter in Florida, waskept in total ignorance of the eventand it was doubtless a big surprisewhen he received a copy of the paper.One section of the paper was filledwith cartoons by the leading cartoonists of the country, andMetters fromthe most prominent newspaper menof the world, ' congratulating Mr.Watterson. It was truly "a hummer" and a stroke of newspapergenius and enterprise that is sure toawaken Mr. Watterson's admiration.WARNING TO THE PUBLIC'Merchants and others are herebywarned to be careful in cashingchecks bearing my purported signature. I will not hold myself responsible hereafter unless checks areknown to have been signed by mepersonally. . Ct -.Mg. O. X. HAZELRIGG. ''.(25-tf)-0 : j jSTATE PEESENTEB WITH LASG&1-SERVICE FLAG. 'Major Henry-Rhodes, Chief of tu'feSelective Service Department,- jjafcpresented to the State Historical S?ciety, at Frantftort, .the Jarge serhvice flag- repres'enting 65,000 men.Kentucky furnished during the waivThe' flag has 135 blue stars representing the -135 draft boards of tHeState. In. the centeris a large goljstar in- memory of the KentuckiansV.who gave their lilvesv for freedom'scause..J3ut three draft boards have ritotcompleted their packing and cratingof records,-. These boards are Ohio,'Hardin and' !Perry counties, '"'' "'oVICTORY LIBERTY LOAN" THENEXT BOND LOAN.Men's and Young Men'sOVERCOATSx Boys' and Children's Overcoats,Men's Flannel Shirts, Work Shirts.Overalls and MittensAT SPECIAL PRICES'!11,109.174.25"frto it! 9;-.v.,..1$4&ir-f .raAbcTOBS-rW. D. Mclntyreu, Gy S. 'Allen, O, M. Johnson, S. C.-.. xl r irll Csnfnrri A11(n. ' 'V.UMrfmimF, ai fv. , -, , f , W. D. McIOTYJtE, Presrden.t.jj f '"" SANFORD AM&N, Cashier.'.Secretary of the Treasury CarterGlass has officially announced -frontwasmngton that the name of thenext (fifth) war loan will be the"Victory Liberty Loan."' The ipnor flag of tne "VictoryLiberty Loan" will bear-ablue "V":on a white field, surrounded "by a redborder, the "V" denotingrhoth "fiVa"(Fifth Loan) and "Victory." 'mMens Overcoats' 150.00 Overcoats cut . tq $40.00$45.00 Overcoats cut -to . . , . V.. ' 36.00. 40.00 Overcoats cut to. ;. 32.00$37.50 Overcoats cut to... v . . 30.00,135.00 Overcoats cut. to 1 . . 28.00$32.50 Overcoats cut. to 26.00: $30.00 Overcoats cut to 24.00f$27.50 Ovescoats cut to.-.:.... - 22.00$25. 00 Overcoats cut to 20.00$22.50 Overcoats cut to .;....". . 1 S.OO !. $20.00 Overcoats cut to 16.00$18.00 Overcoats. cut to. 14,40Men's Flannel Shirts$5.00lFIannil Shirts' cut tbv.: . '. . . .$3.75$4.00 Flannel Shirts cut to 2.95$8.50 Flannel Shirts cut to .-. 2.7 5$8.00 Flannel Shirts' ut to . . . r. . . . 2'.254 $2.00 Flannel Shirts cut to 1 .65Boys' Overcoats$18.00 Overcoats cut to v $'1'4i5'0 '$15.00 Overcoats cut to 1 :15'D '$12. 50 Overcoats cut to 9.50 .$10. 00' Overcoats cut to. ... ; " 7.95"$8:50 Overcoats cut to 6,95$9.50 Overcoats cut to . ,; 4.95 'Men's Mittens$2.50 Mittens cut to $1.95 '$2.00 Mittens cut to ; I.'SO"$1.50 Mittens cut toi..l 1.l5"s$1.25 Mittens cut to v95o '$1.00 Mittens cut to . ;; r.SOc :Men's Overalls$3.00 Overalls cut to- $2.45$2.50 Overalls cut to. . . v 1 ;9?5$2.00 Overalls cut to: "1 ,50Men's Work Shirts. ,; cut to...::..:. :jjyllU cutto -.:tj uf 1-;WU ', -ri ::.: 'J '"'1 Kli A !, " , h : -! . .-.!I1ieM;PkriD",Wffl?'be''mFom'--Uiat3 Ftirther Notice- ' ' t . 1- . t.i 1 :; 1 It - .- , -.- ," rst ri.ft'STi.'i.n-tl.f''-' ;.inr.pis'h-.-.---:-'-:-,.'-" -' - - -;'-". 'No-.Vprcxvefelr!ffip;WALSW' i .- i .7th and MainOne-Price torei-r-.iu'iitjti4U',ijru U- f&urWi1 "iJ-"ti j! fr, (j 1.Wi urnt u? r- &- 4 t -'.v.'o.i ?L2t,r v -. j -l -?-v-" "!.'?i.- T " IIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALy-''.-;.s-V"TUESDAY,.. MARCH 3,.1919.7IWc-aiwTHEBtUHOJT"''LiJiiJii'ji -- fe - -Vri -" ''rt nrg.y,, - .-.jit.---"ji-in iJ!iW, XJMU5, ;KKWXPCiTZ:JJLGIu'!for the bestNOTHING ELSEBEST QUALITY SEEDS.HirWst quality Red Clovtr.Alslke, Timothy. Seed Oats.Cstton Seed Meal.CH AS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf) u ; ,TOMOjRROW. "1SH WEDNESDAY"The near approach of spring is xrellably indicated by the factthat tomorrow, Wednesday, "vtfill be AshWednesday, the beginning" of theLenton season, which will be observed until April 20, Easter Sunday.o2JEW ATJT0-0WNERS.SOCIAL A8D PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The "Goodwin-Feld Co., of Lexington, rfeports the sale of two Dodgeroadsters to Mr. Chas. A. Webber,for the, Bourbon Garage & SupplyCo.. of 'Paris. The Henry JL Fuhrman ITransfer Co., of Paris, purchased ofthe Motor Products Co., of. Lexington, through the Bourbon Garage .&Supply Co., of Paris, a -ton International Motor truck.- oBOTJRBON MENGRANDON FEDERALJURY.The March term of the UnitedStates District Court will convene inFrankfort, next Monday, March 10,with. Judge A. M. Cochran presiding.The following Bourbon county menhave been sunnoned for service onthe grand and petit juries:Grand Jury Logan Bryan andJohn Hunter; Petit Jury W. A.A. Thomason, Warren M. Rogers, J.Miller Ward, S. Letcher Weathersand Harry B. Clay.oDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.COUNTY SCHOOL TERM TO BE EXTENDED TWO MONTHSAt the regular monthly meeting ofthe County Board of Education itwas agreed that all schools of Bourbon county may extend the term fortwo months, provided the teacherwill teach, free for the first monthand also provided that 25 per cent.'census;'--Miss. Anna Wilson has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Verna H. Moore,in Shelbyville.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Crouchhave moved to their new home onHouston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Dejarnettehave moved to Spencer county to reside in the future. yMrs. Thomas Higgins has goneto Indianapolis, Ind.? to visit her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Morris.Dr. Henry Schwartz has returned to his home in Columbus, Ohio, after a visit -to relatives in Paris;Mr. -and Mrs. Carter Mi 'Martinhave returned frcfar an extended stayin and around Jacksonville, Fla.Miss Lucille Burnaw, of Carlisle, is visiting Mrs. Curtis Henrvand Miss Ruth Soper, in this city.Mrs. John M. Stuart left Saturday for a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Morris, in Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. J. Stewart Robertsattended .the funeral and burial ofMrs. Robert Qiiincy Ward, in Georgetown. Mrs; .Sallie Taul, of Carlisle, hasmoved to Bourbon county, and ismaking her home .with lier son, Mr..Lee Taul,. near Paris.Mr. Loufs Turner, of Paris, whohas been a guest of friends inYoungstown, Ohio, is now visitingfriends in New York City.Mr. and Mrs. George Jacoby hadas guests for a week-end visit, Mrs.Alice Hikhland and Miss Ruth Chambers, of Indianapolis, Ind.Miss Nell Griffin, of Columbus,Ohio, is a guest of her brother, Mr.W. K. Griffin, and Mrs. Griffin, attheir home on Cypress street.Mrs. Carl Crawford left thismorning for Waverly, Ohio, in response to a message stating that herbrother, Mr. S. T. Moore, was at thepoint of death from influenza.Mr. Charles Green, the popularand efficient manager of The A. F.Wheeler Furniture Co.'s local stores,has recovered from a protracted illness and has resumed his duties atthe store.Mr. Harry O. James, -who recently underwent an operation at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, wasreported yesterday as being greatlyimproved. He will be able to returnhefrne at an early date.Miss Jessie Rose, who has beenill for the past six weeks, sufferingfrom double pneumonia, has recovered, and resumed her duties as officesecretary at the Bourbon County Y.M. C. A.Dr. W. R. Franklin has just received a card and letter from hisbrother, B. 0. Franklin, who wasreported missing since October 14.I He is now with the Army of Occu-IX'. home afterKenmoht, Lexing-Farls, Kentucky.March the tenth"ton,-;Ky."Miss Katie Doyle is ill at herhome on Walker avepue.Mrs. Louis Prichard, of Huntington, W. Va.,. is a guest of Mrs. J.T. Brown at "her home on Cypressstreet.Mrs. John M. Flanagan entertained the members" of her card ;club'at her home on Houston avenue. Allhad a most delightful evening.Mr. W. F. Keyser.of Sedalia,Mo., Secretary of the MissouriBankers' Association, was a recentguest of his brother-in-law, Mr? Dalby, manager of the Kress stores, inthircity, .Dr. W. R. Franklin, Mrs. H. D.Campbell and Mrs. H. C. Collins motored to Richmond, Saturday afternoon, and were guests of Rev. andMrs. ' J. A. McClintock; returninghome Sunday afternoon, accompaniedby Mrs. Franklin and daughter, whohad gone earlier in the week.Lexington Herald: "Miss Virginia Slade has returned from Paris,where she appeared last "-Saturdaynight on the program which markedthe formal opening of the kindergarten department ' "of the Paris CitySchool. It was greatly due to thedelightful selections which this talented young Lexingtonian readergave- that t,he program was considered such a success." voWARNING.of tTift -mimls ( based on 'census) inall districts attend. Schools mtist begin at" 8:30 o'clock and be in session stationed at offier GermanyS- -hrmre :nnt iriftiiifHner intermis- I P3-"' .s.bat2tea. at &om&. Germany,UO.-B, 4th infantry.six hours, notsions.J. Bincluding intermis-CAYWOOD, Supt.AMONG THE MOVERS.probably never in the history ofthe city and county has so much realestate and so many farms changedhands as in the last few months. Asmost of these sales were made subject to possession on March 1, thishas been and will be a busy timefor the movers.The readjustment of htfines -has j sister,caused an extraordinary demand forhousehold furnishings of all kinds,and Paris dealers in this kind of merchandies are making record-breakingsales.AMONG "THE TRAVELERS."The following notes regardingParis traveling men are taken fromthe Lexington Leader of Sunday,from.thgir special department, "Doings of. The United ""Commercial Travelers: "Noah Rose, representing Spears &,Sons, Paris, was up the L. &" E. thepast week."Ben 'Biscuit' Downey, representing th'e" National Biscuit Company,reports business fine down- the Q.& C."J. L. Mattox, selling:- Beech-Nutnroducts, was working the trade inEastern Kentucky, thejrast week. Mr.Mattox's home, is m .Fans.:THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTMr. James H Thompson, who hasrecently returned from an extendedvisit in St Petersburg, Florida,brought to THE NEWS office a copyof the jSt. Petersburg Daily ;Times,of Tuesday, February 25- '. In glancing over the- papr we note rnongother Striking important items on thesociety page, the. following, whichreads very much as if Luke McLukewas on the Times staff:"For Martini and Bronx Cocktailsgo to Nikko, 175 Central Ave. Adv.."Mri'and Mrs. H. E. Closeline,. ofWashinirton. D..C.. are in the city forthe season and are guests, of-Mrs. E.,J. Young at 308 Second', avenue,'north."- '0A NEW: APJTOCT TO THE A. B.- JOHNS STUDIO. . ,Mr. A. R. Johns is always striving to-;fcdd something to his studiothat wiH ;rT:re loathe benefit of hispatronsi For some im he has beenexperinienting on a device that wouldlessen the danger Of a sitter blinking,when tfce -full, light "ffu his bignew flsi&ilight and daylight-defyingmachinjfehobld-be turaed&ponthem.Success; finally crowned' his, efforts,and he! Is n, -enabled to nike the:most lifelike and "fetchingJikenessof sittert wnicbrfriiriff fio-way-Bhowthem a$ Iblinking or avoiding the fullglare ofsjthe light. He hasftSrf ecteaa remarfcable-sjrstem of lighting Tftat 1gives te nnisnea proauct sui -t.ulifelike appearance and sof t '.tones ofthe mo$; delicate lighting: ?;Withthis machine remarkably fin "photoscan be jtfken,at night, with.tfie sameeffect ofi the softest daylight Mr.Johns fa! sow prepared to tsJee careof hie patroBir and snow them whatan artigCcan. do withaa-a-rtisticallyarranged syatkn 6fMtii; " "1"?v-VV!IX!X!ittKiIX!WINSOMILYSpring SuitsPRETTYCoats!andMr. H. C. Spiller, of Boston,Mass., representing an Eastern brokerage firm, was in Paris, Saturday,on business connected with the bondsof the Paris Water Company and investigating the probability of theWater Company making another contract with the city.Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., ofnear Paris, attended the .regularmeeting of her bridge club, held inLexington last week. Miss NeidaRasco was hostess, assisted by herMrs. Joseph Arthur Goodson.The home was beautifully decoratedfor the occasion with potted plantsand flowers.Mrs. Reason Palmeter, of Bourbon county, was one of the guestslast week at the golden wedding anniversary of Mr. and Mrs. G. W. -Palmeter,held at the family home nearGrassy Lick, in Montgomery county.! This is one of the most remarkablefamilies in Kentucky, in that it hasbeen blessed by not having had adeath in it All the" children andgrandchildren are living and in goodhealth.Mrs. Ford Fithian, formerly Miss.Josephine Crone, of Winchester, hasresigned her position with the CarterOil Company in that city, and willleave oon for Charleston, West Virginia, to reside. Her husband, Corp.J. Ford Fithian, of Paris, who recently received his honorable, discharge from, the army service atCamp' Lee, in. Virginia, has resumedhis former' ' position in Charleston,with the.R:'S..Dunn Colrnpany. - .The.Lexlngton Leader of Sundayhas the foljo.wjng note of interest topeople . of Paris,," where both theyoung 'ladles Ja're well and favorablyknown: "Miss Virginia Slade, thetalented young reader and impersonator,-will 'give the play, 'Within theLaw,' at the Woodland .Christianchurch Tuesday . evening, March, 11,at 8 o'clock! She will be assisted-by-MissEllen 'B landing, one of Lexington'smost accomplished song soloiats.v; ,vlii ; ...rAIrstiH.eredi:th.'M. Gray entertained" wi'th'an informal bridge partyat her home on West Second street,in Lexington. The house was beau?tiful with spring flowers and-an elaborate anddelicious supper was'-serv-ed..Mrsjj William Stucky won, theprize , for.' higest- score at bridge andMiss' Harrison 'the, consolation prize.Among the ; guests' 'were the mother,sister and aunt of the hostess, Mrs.hDuke, of Maysville,., Mrs. WoodfordBuckher, of Paris, and Mrs. Perry, ofLexington.Friday night, Mr. Dennis V.SnApp.vSunday School Field. Secretary for Kentucky; returned' from anextended trip ;along the Ohio Rivertowns. On..this trip he not. only rep-,resented the Sunday School and Ep-Vorth; Leaguelwork, but operated-thestfireoDtIconna give ine missionaryCen.tenarvillustrated Jectur.e,.HeJvisited Wprthville, Carrolt, Ghentfljid Warsaw. At the latter place the-.movihirpjicture show closed while thelecture was oemg given.-Tiie following announcementshate been 'issued and received bymany friends and relatives in thiscity-'of the1 young "newly-weds:""Mi -and Mrs. George Bain Jacobyannounce -the ..marriage of. theirddaughter, 'Myra, to Mr. William Kenney Thomas, on Wednesday, thetwenty-sixth-of February,. jone-thou-and nine hundred and niheteea;,';If a woman whot ook an open umbrella from the hallway at' Miss Jessie Brown's store on Friday afternoon will return same to this office,no questions will be asked. Her identity is known, so avoid trouble.(4-it)r-0LEXINGTON DEFEATS PARISThe "Lightning Five," a Lexington Y. M. C. A. basketball team, defeated the-'Paris High School teamFriday night on the Paris floor by ascore of 27 to 14. The Paris teamlined up as follows: Roberts andChandler forwards; Flanders center;Dundon and Lawrence, .guards; RefereeCox. The Paris team will play a returngame on the Lexington floor nextFriday night, and hope to come homewith the game in their pockets.oMAItCH CAME MARCHING IN.True to form March came "in likea lion." High winds, shrieking toherald the advent of a cold spell,noisily ushered in the month ofMarch, and pedestrians went hustling along after their headgear, whichthe rude winds played with as if ina nierry mood. The winds of Fridaywere followed by rain, after which'the mercury took a decided 'drop.And then the weather changed again,and for the past two days has beenalmost springlike. We will all anxiously look for the "going-out-like-a-lamb"end of. the March performance. ' v - .-VnYou'll find it pleasant to review' such a wellselected showing. The styles are enticing fortheir beauty and value-attractiveness.Choosing from our displays means exercisinggood judgment.Dolmans, Capes, Suits, Coats,:, Dresses, Waists, Skirtsand Millinery"HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.TOBACCO COTTONAA 6 l-2c AAA 7 l-2cAtaper Hanging andPaintingWe can furnish estimates on Papering and Painting. We have a fullline of sajmples. Work guaranteed,and charges reasonable.JACK OWSLEYThe FairiaTKnc wall papees.There has been a revolution in thedesigning and making of wall papersduring the past few years. Our displays this season are a most startlingof that fact. We show designs thatare real works of art, even in thelow-priced goods. Many of the noveltivezin landscape effects in our lineare so natural and beautiful thatthey- rival genuine oil paintings ofgreat artists.Get in on thev ground floor andmake your selection before others secure what you might have, wanted.Experienced decorators furnished,on short notice.THE PAIR.111burtons 1-nili Confectionery Store iSuccessor to. Adami & Santi. ill!, . - , ; - ::Florida Fruits 'Box Candies ::Adami's Famous :Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and ... MixedDrinks stffl uafed" : "Bulk Ice Cream(Made .from Pure Cream) ;delivered for home use.v "I Fancy Ices for PartiesFor tht BEST, $ Us.:W:!XiJust Received For OurBIG CASH SALEKaltexmiFRANKBURTONI!AGElfT FOE H. EBOLBANDSOXKDA JOSEGABS::ItllifliiiJfilmmfandjdfflAH At20 DiscountNo ChairMade WearsLike TheseAnd just thinkyou get them at20 DiscountThisMayflowerPuritanPhonographSells regularly- everywhere at $125.00. It isin the Big Cash Sale at$1 00.00RUGS!Don't fail to buy yourRugs now, when youcan get Ihem at muctiless.Every Rug at20 DiscountOur sales so far have been very large.give the best values.We knQw,.we:&PMOTOR HEARSEc'THERPHCNE':36MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING--- y.SIXTH AND MAIN STS.Stfi'rtf. W5i-IJff'.'.i1.;'JHI.I'iii -J-,' iifut inx !I'.L- SZL i.rH,HH vt'I? n if'inhj3?'-51 Iiu14)K 4wmtmmmmmmmmvy4-V --. ,&iAGE SIXri3"c"THE BOTOBOlf HEWS, PAIOS, KEHTUCTTfUESDAY, MARCHT $,- llUfrWift-tarvIrWfWtffR-.VTy ' . V r" .?:laV, ypssmr. Vlv?. J V . ! . 'T AkJ-i.WPAttodiwdap'llTMr. B. W. D. Barnes, ofW trren . County, MeasuresUp to Requirements.HIS LIFE A STIRRING ONE' -a3? busiL lth' B- W- D- Barnes could?fe& tSli3 ffiS: s everythingovertaken by axnai an DUt put mm OOWU.Here is the story told fn his own-words: "I had throat trouble fromwhich no relief seemed possible. Myhealth was gone. Finally I decidedto try Peruna and was entirelycrared by four bottles. That wasthree years ago. I am now as wellaa ever; able to ride all the time.Thanks to Peruim."JlJH. Sheriff Barnes, thousandsowe their present health to Peruna.For catarrh of the head, nose andthroat, catarrhal inflammation ofTEANS-ATLAUTIG BATES ON COTTON HEDUCED.oReduction of nearly 75 per tjent.trans-Atlantic freight rates on cotton carried in American bottoms, effectively immediately, have been announced by the shipping board's division of operations. Sweeping decreases have been made in rates ongeneral freight to meet cuts by British, owners and some shipping boardofficials regard the announcement aspressing a rate war between the newAmerican merchant marine and British shipping interests.Requests for the cut in rates oncotton were made by Southern Senators and Representatives.The effect on the price of cottonon the New York and New OrleansExchanges was electric, the price onthe old contract advancing ?10 abate the limit of fluctuation permitted in a single day under the lawcontroling dealings in futures. Immediate and sharp increase in theexports of cotton from this countrywas viewed hy Southern Senators andRepresentatives as a certainty.P UllKs Easy If You Know Dr.Edwards' Olive TabletsaThe secret of keeping young zs to feelyoung to do this you must watch yourliver and bowels there's no need ofhaving a sallow complexion 3ark ringsnmder your eyes pimples a biliousHook in your face dull eyes with nosparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninetyper cent of all sickness comes from in--activebowels and liver.Dr. Edwards, a well-known physicianin Ohio, perfected a vegetable compound mixed with olive oil to act onthe liver and bowels, which he gave tohis patients for years.'Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substi-tute-forcalomel, are gentle in their actionyet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit, that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and clearing'the system of impurities.You will know Dr. Edwards (Mire Tablets by their dive color. 30c and 25c petcox. iu aruggisis.MANUMCTUMRAND OCALEK INHARNESS227 Km Jefferson ttrwtLOUISVILLE, KY." -jBig Special!a10 Pound BacketPure.V$2.50Sanitary meat MarketENGYOUNGMr FUNKHnl IfflrrLardft-Jr 3 'IFwTeimes&eebMpao.. .JHK& LiB IJr'"T"rimeoW be untilcomplication of catarrhal troubles'the stomach, bowels or athenorgans Br. Hartman's FamousPeruna Tonic has been a standardhousehold remedy for forty-fiveyearsI you are sick and suffering 'Write The Peruna Company, Dent.'A, Columbus. Ohio, for Dr. Hait-Tour dealer has Peruna in boilii.a.uicL iuiu xiquia iorm.If YOU AV:mt:You. -dealer will e,ve you reAl,neaitn, insistunnn hov!n t 'Almanac,GOVERNMENT TRAILING SWINDLERS VF SOLDIERS RELATIVESWar department and postofficeofficials are planning a vigorous campaign against swindlers who areagain seeking to defraud relatives ofsoldiers through false telegrams andletters. Complains from relatives,it has been learned, are again reaching the department showing thatdemobilization has given a betteropportunity for such criminal operations. The usual practice is for theswindler to obtain names of relativesof a soldier from the published casualty list. A telegram signed in thesoldier's name is sent saying he isfree to come home on furlough if hisrelatives wire money for the trip, andin filing the message the senderwaives identification and asks hisrelatives to do the same. Sometimesrelatives are asked to send the moneyto the soldier, care of general delivery at the city postoffice.A similar outbreak occurred during the war, but was checked by thewarning to relatives sent out by theWar department through the press.Officials said that in no case shouldrelatives waive complete indentification in transmitting funds to soldiers. oFORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: "The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman calne to this officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinized itit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: 'Now I know!''What is it you are looking for,' weinquired. 'My wife sent me after abottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and T forgot the name. I went toseveral stores and the clerks namedover everything in the line on theshelf except 'Chamberlain's' I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The 'Republican would suggest to theproprietors of stores, that they posttheir clerks, and never let them substitute. Customers lose faith in storeswhere substituting is permitted, tosay nothing of 'the injustice to makers of good goods and the disappointment of customers.(adv)mar)oMAY MAKE "NEAR-3EER," PRESIDENT PROCLAIMS.The Food 'Administration has announced that President Wilson signed a proclamation in Paris on January 23, removing restrictions on themanufacture of so-called near-beers.It was stated, however, hat theproclamation could -not become effective until the seal of the United'States was attached thereto by theSate 'Department, and the administration warned the public that noone could "safely act on this information until the proclamation hadbecome effective."No reference was made to the restrictions on the manufacture of beeror other intoxicating brewed beverages. Under Presidential proclamationthe brewing of beer, near-beer andother jmalt beverages was stopped oni December 1 as a wartime conservative measure.AGENTS AND SOLICITORS""AMERICA'S WAR FOR HUMANITY."Complete history world's war, 600padres, with nearly 100 magnificent pictures. Retails $2, costs you ?1. Someagents making: over $20 per day. SeU thebook the people want. Orders filledpromptly. Credit if desired. Freight paid.Also "Life of Roosevelt,'' same lermsSBoth outfits free' to workers. GEORGEG. CLOWS CO. Philadelphia, Pa., or Chicago, 111. Address nearest office.GIXSSESJTHENISlBLE.BlFqCALS?Let m examine your eyei. Hoguess work we know how.r "HtteiTrDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 2)5-6 First National-Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.i.JGLXSSESr.' V; f- I .NEW STATE-WIDE LAN FOR Y.M. C. A.In the opinion of, national Y. M. C.A. workers the broad plans recentlyadopted by the State ManagingBoard of the Kentucky Y. M. C. A.are by far the most progressive andcomprehensive of any yet worked outby any State Association. Kentuckyis also unique in this respect it hasthe largest staff of State Secretariesin the United States. The new planwhich will be the guide for the StateY. M. C. A. of Kentucky for the nextfive years was evolved at a recentconference of the State staff presidedover by P. C. Dix, State Secretary.There were present also secretariesfrom various city associations inKentucky. The meeting was held atState Y. M. C. A. headquarters in theAssociation Building in Louisville.In the general scheme the StateY, M. C. A. is shown as operated bythe Managing Board to whom is entrusted the entire work of the Association in Kentucky. The State Secretary acts for the Managing Boardmuch as the general manager of arailroad acts for the board of directors. Iu the plan there afe five main departments of activity as follows:(1) State Wide bureaus, (2) FieldSupervision, rZ) U.S. Boys' WorkingReserve, '(4) Auditing, and (5)Camp and Farm.Under State Wide Bureaus are included the following: Publicity,Methods, Conferences, Literature andOffice Management, each with .abureau secretary. At present thereare -no secretaries for these bureaus,although a certain amount of activity in eachis carried on by the present staff.The department of Field Supervision is bv far the most extensive ofall. At the head are the district secretaries ,and advisory committees.Under these come three general departments: (1) Fields in which organized Y. M. C. A. bodies now operate, (2) community wide activitiesand relationships to the entire field,and (3) the fields in which therenow exists no organized Y. M. C. A.work.In the organized fields there arethe local boards operating throughthe general secretary. Of coursethere are the following: City Assiciations, 8 in number; Railroad, 8;Industrial, High and PreparatorySchools, 51; Student Associations,13; County Associations, 2.The field of coummunity-wide activities and relationships to entirefield has following: (1) Home; (2)Business; (3) School; (4) Direct Activities of Local Associations; (5)Church; (6) Civic; (7) Play Life.In the fields not yet organized bythe Y. M. C. A. the Red TriangleCcftnmittees, composed of men devoted to the promotion of the Y. M. C.A. program, are operating. Thesefields under the proposed plan are divided into two parts, (1) those orgafcizable along present lines, and (2)those not organizable along presentlines.Under the head of fields organizable along present lines are the following: City Associations 4; Railroad Associations 9;"' Industrial 26;High and Preparatory Schools 56;County Associations, uncertain.Under the fields not consideredorganizable along present lines inKentucky are these: Cities, 150;rural population of counties havingcity associations at present, 115,070; not having city associations, 1,786,829. There are 102 counties of the 120in the State that are not touched byAssociations and they have a totalpopulation of 1,519,613.The activity Of the Association inconnection with the U. S. Boys'Working Reserve has to do with enrolling the boys for work on thefarms and in industry and with looking after their welfare.The auditing department contemplates a1 regular audit of city, railroadj cdunty; industrial and studentassociations and a council on methods of accounting.Th'e camp and farm departmenthas to do with the State Associationrecreation center at Camp DanielBoone and at a proposed camp imWestern Kentucky and welfare workamong those employed in the strawberry camps.oGIRLS! THICKEN ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIR .AND STOP DANDRUFFTryThis! Your Hair Gets Wavy,Olossv and Abundantat Once.To be possessed of a head of heavy,beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy,wavy and free from dandrjiff is merely a matter of using a little Danderine. It is easy a-nd expensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Justget a small bottle of Knowlton's Danderine now for a few cents all drugstores recommend it, apply a little asdirected and within 10 minutes therewill be an appearance of abundance,"freshness, flumness and an incomparable gloss and lustre, and try as y6uwill you cannot find a trace of dandruff or falling hair; but your realsurprise will be after about twoweek's use, when you will seenew hair fine a'nd downy at first4 yes but really new hair sproutingout all over your scalp Danderine isJ we Relieve, the only sure cure for'falling hair at once.-If you want to prove how prettyand soft wour haid really is, moistena-cloth with, a little. Darfderine andcarefully draw it though" your hairtaking one small strand at a tipne.Your hair will be soft, glossy, a'hdbeautiful in just a few moments adelightful surprise' awaits everyone1who tries this. (adv) .STUDENTS GET HELPJaleb Doerr, one of the old-timektnbermen out in Minnesota., remembered his early struggles .when hemade his will. He left a bequest ofISO.OOOas a loan, fund for worthystudentsin agriculture. 'IS OUT STRONGFOR MERITONEStomach Out of Order BeforeWoman Can Eat Anything Now.Miss Julia F. Work, of 2811 WestEnd Avenue, Nashville, is one of themany people who warmly praise Meritone, the new system medicine ofreal merit, because of the benefits derived from its use."My stomach was so out of orderfor a long tilne that I could harlyeat anything," Miss Work said. '!couldn't keep food on my stomach."I was mighty nervous also andcouldn't get my sleep and rest atnight like I should have and as a result I felt weak and tired out mostconstantly."Meritone has help me more than!anything."My stomach is back in such goodcondition that t can just eat anything nowv My nerves have beenhelped also and I can sleep and getmy rest better."I think Meritone is one of the bestsystem medicines to be had anywhere, and I recommend it."Meritone as highly recommendedfor ailing conditions of the stomach,liver, kidneys, catarrh, rheumatism,nervousness and the like, and is astrength builder for tired, weak folkswithout a peer.Meritone is. sold exclusively inParis at G-. S. Varden & Son's.(adv)ioFORCE EARS? RHETJBARB.Give the rheubarb in the gardena heavy dressing of fine old composted manure. If you wish a few earlystalks, place kegs or boxes over sameand heap over them some heatinghorse manure.FOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of time andcan be depended upon.(adv) mar)INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington ForParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50Paris ForLexinerton iA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.A. M.7:215x8:159:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00P. M-. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M.P. M.3:455:156:508:15P. M.P. M.M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AMD TER-MLNAL COMPANp jSTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.,i -Total Sales for the Season6, 116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47We hold the season average for the ParisMarket and State of KentuckyiBoek Shown In Proof of Abovo Claims.)$i-j;,- ,. ?')WeLeadThRrititihnn- &- -oja-sTsr-jjaraar -szrs. .xjl -est 'ftsCOFFDTS MAKE SEATS.At least one Emergency Agent inKentucky believes in holding meetings on schedule time no matterwhat happens. In reporting a successful meeting in the mountains,she wrote:"When we went to the Red CrossRocfn this morning the ladieswhowere to help did not come. So MissT, and I built the fire and cleanedup, a rather gruesome work as partof it was sweeping up coffin shavings. During the "flu epidemic" theRed Cross Room had been used tomake coffins and four were still scattered about the room. When thecrowd came there were not enoughseats so some of the people sat onthe coffins. We demonstrated the"School Lunch" and it turned out tobe a splendid meeting,"TRY THIS FOR SOUR f OMACH.Bat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed. (adv)(adv) mar)FreshHomelBaked Breads,'Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376(Incorporated)r i .?A - i?Wilmpth'sthePlenty of Room to GetDrive Right In!TobaccoKlncwporittd)PARIS, KENTUCKYFreqaent Freight StrriceBY TRACTI0MKy. Traction & TerminalCo.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENT-TobaccoCottonlALLGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPriceMDepartment Store iMain and 7th Paris, Ky.n:In!Co.Twin Bros.Warehousej.- fwXV'TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1919.THE BOTTKB01T HEWS, PAWS, UMTUGUtipiStomachActs Fine, No Indigestion!Eat without Fear of Upset StomachFood souring, gas, acidity !I your irteals liit back causingbelching, pain, flatuence, indiges-tion or heartburn here's instantrelief. No waiting !Pane's Diapepsin is noted for its" speed in ending all stomach distress.Never fails!Keep it handy. Tastes nice andcosts so little at -drug stores.GREAT EmatEST AMONGCKOSS WOEKEES;EED- ?UPset?; Papers DN IXK.t r lI 9 f"Sv MWILL PUT YOUONYOURFEKTBiCOME TAX DTJE BILL PROVIDES HEAVY PENALTYWASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.Work on the collection of $6,000,000,000 has been begun by the Bureau of Internal Revenue. This isthe estimated yield of the new revenue bill. The income tax provisionsof the act reach the pocket-book- ofesary single person in the UnitedStates whose nst income for 1918Tros $1,000, or more, and of everya&rried man whose net income wasss.OOO or more. Persons whoBe netiacome equalled or exceeded theseamounts, according to their materialstatus, must file a return of incomeith. the collector of internal reyence for the district in (which theylire on or before March 15.Here is what will happen to themif they don't: For failure to file argfcarn on time, a fine of not morethan ? 1,0 00 and an additional assessment of 25 per cent, of the amountof tax due.For "willfully refusing" to makea return on tfme, a fine not exceeding $10,000, or not exceeding oneyear's imprisonment, or both.For making a false or fraudulentreturn, a fine of not more than $10,000, or imprisonment for not gnorethan one year, or both, together withan additional assessment of 50 percent, of the amount of tax evaded.For failure to pay the tax on time,a fine of not more than $1,000 andan additional assessment of 5 percent of the amount of tax unpaid,plus 1 per cent, interest for each fullnnth during which it remains un-In addition to the $1,000 and $2,000 personal exemptions, taxpayersare allowed an exemption of $ 200 foreach person dependent upon themfor chief support if such person is under eighteen years of age, and incapable of self-support. Under 'the 1917act, this exemption was allowed onlyfor -each dependent "child." Thehead of the family one who supports one or more persons closelyconnected with him by blood relationship, relationship by marriage,or by adoption is entitled to allexemptions allowed a married per-The normal rate of tax -under thenew act is 6 per- cent, of the first$4 000 of net income above the exemptions, and 12 per cent, of thenet income in excess of $4,000. Incomes in excess of $5,000 are subject also to a surtax ranging from 1per cent, of the amount of the netincome between $5,000 and $6,000to 65 per cent, of the net incomeabove $1,000,000.Payment of the tax may be ttiadeIn full at the time of filing returnor in four installments, on or beforeMarch 15, on or before June 15, onor before September 15, and on orbefore December 15.Revenue officers will visit everycounty in the United. States to aiataxpayers in jmaking out their returns. The date of their arrival andthe location of their office may beascertained by inquiring at offices ofcolletora of internal revenue, post--officesand banks. Failure to seethes officers, however, does not relieve the taxpayer of his obligationto file his return and pay his taxwithin the time specified by law. Inthis case taxnavera must seek theGovernment, not the Government thetaxpayer.oINBRED EIGHTEEN TIMESStockmen who believe in intensiveinbreeding and those who do not,will be interested in some experiments which Uncle Sam has beenmaking with guinea pigs. As farbas aa 1906 the Government beganmating brothers and sisters and thisclose inbreeding has been' carried tothe eighteenth generation.While there has been some declinein vitality, size and fertility still nogreat degeneracy was noticeable. Theyoung produced by crossing differentinbred families show distinct im-(provement in all respects.Letters received at Lake Divisionheadquarters show great interestamong Lake Division Red Crossworkers in the proposed developmentof the public health nursing serviceand the Red Cross courses of instruction in the home hygiene and care ofthe sick, and home dietetics whichwere temporarily interrupted by thewar activities.Chapters in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky are organizing chapter " community protection.The committee of the local chapter must include a representative ofthe local civil club or the woman'sclub, one member of the local boardof health, of the board of education,of the medical association, of thechamber of commerce of board oftrade, one member of the clergy, onemember of the chapter home servicesection, and a representative RedCross Nurse appointed with the approval of the Division Director ofNursing.Other local public health nursingagencies and the Junior Red Crossare also to be represented on thiscommittee according to instructionsreceived from national headquartersby the Lake Division Department ofNursing, through which departmentthe development and direction ofpublic health program is to be carried on.oCORNS LIFT OUTFreezone is magic! Corns andcalluses lift right offDoesn't hurt a bit-V .-;? "77 SSaL tlmmmBSLIiiimmmmmmmm.. Vvk.AM&JJSLwBWm WIHM-. y.. j-itoi&ALL CfflLDBEN LOVE"SYRUP OP HGS" FORLIVIER AND BOWELSGive It When Eeverish, Cross,ions, Por Bad Breath orSour Stomach,Bil-Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign thatyour little one's stomach, liver andbowels need a gentle thoroughcleansing at once.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or act naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomach-ache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, give ateaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all thefoul, constipated waste, undigestedfrwi xxA Rnnr bile eentlv moves outof its little bowels without grippingand you have a well, playful cniiaagain.You needn't coax sick children totake this harYnless "fruit laxative;"they love its delicious taste, and italways makes them feel better.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"P-aUfnrnifl. Svrim of FiffS." whichhas direction for babies, children ofall ages and for grown-ups plainlyrwTMoi on thA bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here, to- De surewm frAt fhfi c-en'uine-'ask to see thatit Is made by "California Fig SyrupCompany." Refuse any other withcontempt.(adv)0;OPEN TH&HIVES.Open the bee hives as soon as thefirst warm days of spring arrive.They should be examined during thewarm part of the day and" the hivenot kept open too long for fear ofchilling the brood. Keep a look-outfor queenless colonies and those withshort stores.The person who keeps, bees soonlearns that the art of beekeeping isnot picked up in a da or a year.New problems are always bobbingup and an up-to-date book is veryThe College or AgncmMUST WE GO BACK AND IICK TEHAGAIN?-tGerman troops defending the Posenfront against the Poles at Birnbaumhave addressed a communication toNational Assemblyman Ohler protesting against an official order tovacate territory held by them, in accordance with the conditions laiddown by Marshal Foch, in which aline of demarcation between theGermans and the Poles was defined.The communication declared:"We propose to remain in the positions held by us so long as we havea cartridge left, and so long as aspark of fire remains no Pole willlead over the dead bodies of thousands of German men.- If MarshalFoch is determined to force mattersto the uttermost extreme he will findus ready. We will open the gatesof Bolshevist which will overflowEurope."In a supplementary communicationthe officers of the corps at Birnbaum declared that it was considereda matter of honer "to hold the present posiion to the last breah."oA few cents buys a tiny bittle ofthe magic Freezone at any drugstore. Apply a few drops of Freezone upon a tender, aching corn ornilm TTiafowltr fho f-rrm'KloQftTriPcorn or callus stops hurting, thenshortly you lift it out. root and all,without any pain, soreness or irritation. These little bottles of Free-zone contain just enough to rid thefeet of every hard corn, soft corn,corn between the toes and the calluses on 1xttom of feet. So easy! Sosimple. Why wait? No humbug!(adv)oWomen Soldiers In China.China had women soldiers long before they were known In Russia. During the Tae Ping rebellion, 1850,women as well as men served In theranks. In Nanking, in 1853, an armyof 500,000 women was recruited. Theywere divided into brigades of 13,000each and were commanded by womenofficers, - '-.jfufljiBlHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation,j 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.j; A well-balanced tractor that is suited to ail tarming power for its weight, and is suited in every way toj the general mn of farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume; of work.The Japanese Red Cross has morethan a half million members, each ofwhom contributes at least three yen(about $1:50) a year and enrolls forten years.Use it with an Oliver Plow' We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the-bdttpmof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor. .We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as thevTitan tractor here at our salesroom.i&C. S. BALL GARAGEPlentyWORK THAT TELLS.of If Has Been BoneHere In Paris.RightFor Influenza!;S3XiTo thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must "investigate itswork. Doan's Kidney Pills stand thistest, and plenty of proof exists righthere in Paris. People who testifiedyears ago to relief from backache,THrtnov niiH urinary disorders, nowgive confirmed testimony' declarethA results have lasted. How canany Paris sufferer longer doubt theevidence?Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameoh from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itseif. . No one canever know what I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneys andif anyone had hit me in the backwith a heavy axe it couiant navehurt worse.' In one week after usingDoan's Kidney Pills, I felt like a different woman, for they fixed me upin fine shape." (Statement givenFebruary 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."T)ri.a nn nt all dealers. Don tFor Influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headache,and rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets jtre used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhojme. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and2Kc boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. TJ. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.GEOivsyi-3y-sv3ivv-sX::::MW. DAVISfc FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment "BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 29Corrttr Fifth and PUasant Struts, Paris, Ky.EXSHXHSii:Inecessary. ;rne uoiiege u, - a.kidney remedy-getture at Lexington is publishing Cir- simpiy pm&the same thatcular 69, "Elements of Beekeeping... . ,. .A postcard will bring n lo auyum; amail box. 'wthe LeatherDoan's Kidney Pills tne same matMrs. Martin had. Foster-MUDurnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv). o iFOKMERATOurClienteleGrowsNot Upon Promisebut uponPerformancesHANDSOME HOME OFPARISIAN" SOLDAUCTION.ShoePolishesKeepYour Shoes NeatLIQUIDS AND PASTt roKisiVWHITCTAN ANDOttJHQOD(DARK BR0WNSHOE3JHCf.r.DAUIYCOMUMIIWggiurrAio.M.Y.Kentucky Oil Stocks ActiveWill Sell wiU Buysloiilc 10 Old Dominic,1000 High Gravity . 500 McCemb. ;200 Thompson-Mahoney 100 pyram,dAnd many othersw.h..w vnn wish to buv or sclL '"Kentucky Oil Bulletin" mailedfree on requestgives Kentucky Oil information..-- J.'Eb"Helmcrest," formerly the home ofthe late Mrs. Jennie Hanson Helm,formerly of Paris, was sold out insmall tracts at public auction Thursday. The 68 acres averaged $679.67per acre. The mansion at Helmcrestwas recently destroyed by fire andthe owners determined to disposed ofthe place. The place sold as follows:Tho hnm tract ot l.Z4 acres wassoldHo W. T. Woolfolk at $300 anacre. Upon this tract are very valuable' improvements other than thedwelling (which burned about January 1), most beautiful shrubbery,fruit, flowers, etc.The first two tracts, fronting onf.Vp -Mavsville nike. containing 7.34acres, was sold to Attorney S. Monroe Nickell at $1,225 and $1,Q49 peracre". The two remaining t tracts,fronting on the Maysville pike, containing 7".37 acres, went w j. n.Traynor for $60.0 an acre.Three beautiful tracts ironting onthe Helm pike,' containing 17.19 acreswas sold to R. C. Shinti at'$550 and$480 an acre. . The remaining fourtracts, fronting on the Bryant Stationpike, containing 16.94 acres, was soldto John D. Logan at $400 an acre.o :BAD TASTE IN-YOUR MOUTH.We are Pioneers inDry Cleaning andDyeingIn Business Since 1836Prompt DeliveriesTHE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut St.CINCINNATI(mar4-lmo)New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Adminiitrttemissued by the Poatjinaster Ckneral t Washington, December 13th, awtoll rate is ordered ffecUT Januarry 21, 191. .According to our Interpretation of this order tha toll rate will Mclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of;4;Sem and 8:30 p. m. J H- & MMMIkti.4. .. AtTD-oftTi an qtii 12 -midnirht for statlon-to-atation HMHsages only, shall be approximaUly 50 per cent, less than any day ratea,but no night rate' for leas than 2S cents. . , v.n v. .Another night rate betwwn 12 midnight and 4:31 a, . ahall a- tproximately 75 per cent, leaa than the day rate, but m, night raU urnthan 25 cents. ' oc MT. fPerson-to-peraon meaaages shall be approximately 25 per caauhigher than' Btation-to-ttation ratet. .. w ffc.Appointmtnt calls shall be approximately 50 per cnt. higher taastation-to-Btatlon calls. .. -.i-Calls which require service of a messenger shall take tha appaiatment rate, plus coat of messenger fee. - a..vi '.A report charge roft,appr6ximatry 25 per cent, of the rtttejgrtion rata will be maae on u panoa- .w "TW iTi.i nnt in or will not taut or party c uusi u. nu. wi.. lpleted within one hour after filing time. .Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporate.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManageriWMmW. H. CANN0H.Local Managerof1a1HBourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsV-.V '&:r? ;:;it&When you have a bad taste in yourmouth you may know your digestionis faulty. A dose of Chamberlain'sTablets will usually correct the disorder. They also will cause a gentlemovement of the bowels. You willfind this to be one of the best medicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv) mar) I'oThe Ofced--Xross wiio w . has. v6 , 0 7 7workers inJFrance alone. v ,r: 'NOTICE!Fruit and Shade Trees fStrawberry PlantsClimbing VinesSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinesPerennialsHedgeingRosesEtc.i Telephone No. 4Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Illustrated Catalogs.NO AGENTS." ihanur -7 -mm 'aK K aaaamay ji iXH. F.HILLENMEYER&S0NSLwington, KentuckyxIXWest Fif h StreeSftTISFAGTlONOUR WATCHWORD! I..: . .v. . . " rWith all the latest improverments in laundry appliancesrr rraar -- ainn uTiwvri'. iiumi b wr auciiaibieawed to do work inf e-'your patronage.fXS - -1 r - ..- i -JLThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, Kentucky:KIIIIhxill'JN(28-ind)si?.mr-Send That Next Job of Printing to ThaBourbon New. Best Work;: Right Prifsaa..' -"4X-vs-:IK3Am.if-'I1t'IMit inI11J 01 1;'ii. iifIHIis; 1iiimIf;uiv5.'1Il? M' I JI,. !iif I!mif i. ' if iTi1917 lnter-SuthtrnL -if. ,vt'.,irj.&.?&y "'?"-um ii ..- -"wIjji. ' -'- J"Uf.'4kLOUISVILLE,KY.04IMS EIGHT '4THE BOUKBON HEWS, PARIS, KEKTUCKYXt fct3'rNrTUESDAY, MAKCH 3, lilt.4fP ;-2:00 toSo" ALAMO AND GRAND SToday, Tuesday, March 4Bryant Washburnin "THE GYPSY TRAILShe wanted ' to be eloped., with, simplylonging for it! so whei the stars were outand the moon was as big as a hat -'-box,- Bryant Washburn grabbed the lovely burden andwhy don't you see -the picture, anyway?, Carol Hajloway and Antonio Moreno in"THE IRON TEST"Arid Pathe Comedy, 'Check Your Baggagt'Wednesday, March 5lhDouglas Fairbanksin "ARIZONA"If you were one of the millions who sawit on the stage, you don't need two askings-to see "Arizona" on the screen! The realWest!- And "Doug." as the famous Lieutenant hero!V Comedy .arid BAD MENAnd Paramount Pictograph.Edward Van Leeuwe Orchestra 'Jfe13ijgethearis grandT- ft 'Thursday, Friday and Saturday, March 6th, 7th and 8thArthur Hauk PresentsCast Includes Dan Collins, Blackface Comtdlan, and Ross Lewis, 'Wizard of the Accor-dtbn."Constance Talmadge Mrs.Leffingweirs Boot'- u One of the funniest stories ever written for the screen, concerning the trials and tribulations of a young wife who purchases what she believes to be theonly existing pattern ofa pair of slippers. However, there is one.other pair m existence and when Mrs. Leffiirgwell's husbafnd sees them in another man's room he mistakes them for his wife's,Also Screen Telegram and "Fatty" Arbuckle ComedySSE EDWARD VAN LEEUWE ORCHESTRAPRICE 25 AND 5teWar Tax IacludedPicture Program at The Alamo Afternoon Only.j- m-MILLERSBURG;.I o; iir.C. W. Corrington was inCincinnati on business from Tuesdayuntil Friday." Mrs. J. H. Collier and Mrs-. S. R.Butler are about recovering after asevere attack of pneumonia.Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M., at 7:30 p.m. All members are urged to be present, as there-will be work.- Miss Martha Violette, of Georgetown, was the guest of Miss McClurein the home of Mrs. B. W. Wood,frpnvFriday until Monday." : Elder VanWinkle, of Vanceburg,preached at the Christian churchSunday morning and evening. AllVwib heard him were well pleased.J "--Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Leer, of'Parjs, who have just returned fromthir bridal tour, were guests of her'parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel,"from Saturday until Monday.""Mr. Bayles DeBell arrived fromLexington as the guest of his daughter Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. DeBell returned to theirHo i at Ewfng, yesterday.' - -The Farmers Bank closed itsdoori after 'business hours Saturdayacfteiuioon with $1,250,000 deposits.This has surpassed anything in bank-.Ang business that but a short timeAgo Millersburg could have dreamedof.'Mr. R. M. Caldwell has resignedthe agency of the Courier-Journaland Iiouisville Times, Mr-. W. E. Bpt;ler .accepting the same Mr. Caldwelldesires to thank the patrons of thesepapers for their patronage during theseveral years he served, them.Mr. K. R. Vaughtof Indianapolis, Ind., arrived Saturday at thehome of his father-in-law, Mr. T. D.Judy. Mrs. Vaught has been withher parents for several weeks. Herfsaher, Mr. T. D. Judy, who has beenconfined to his home for' several.weeks, is able to be about the house.Mr. Edgar Hurst opened his newcafe Friday eveing in the property ofMrs. Sue B. Sandusky, recently vacated by the Blue Bowl Cafe, of Mrs.D. Ji; Rigdon. The building has been-completely remodeled, and with itsnew furnishings is now one of themost? attractive buildings in Millersburg. Mr: Hurst has enjoyed a goodpatronage since he opened the place,Rnd his -many friends wish him allthe success possible in his new enterprise. Mesdame3 S. M. Allen, D. W.Ingels, L. R. Rogers and J. M. Alverson entertained with an elaborate reception at the hdme of Mrs. Allen,Thursday afternoon, in. honor of theapproaching nuptials of'Miss Martha. Adela- Smith, to Mr. JKenry Clay Cur-rea.f-The wedding will take placesoitfe time this month. About onehuridred invitations" were issued,mos,of them, being responded to.The ladles were assisted by a numberof their lady friends and the reception was one of the most delightfulheld here in a long time. The decorations were" beautiful and a delightful lunch was served.Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Ralls haveleased the hcime of Mr. John V.Ingels, and will move to it.Miss Lizzie Vimont, who hasbeen confined to her room with abadly sprained hand, is reported better. Miss Nannie Clarke has beenappointed to fill the vacancy in theGraded School teaching staff, causedby the resignation of Mrs. J. MonroeLeer.Mrs. Elizabeth Miller and MissElizabeth Miller motored to Louisville, Sunday,, to meet Lieut. JamesMiller, who has recentlv return pALfrom overseas service.MissVLyda E. Gardner, of Carlisle, and Mr. O. E. Hurst, of Millersburg, addressed the citizens of ourcity in the Graded School buildingFriday evening, on the need of better and enlarged. Graded Schoolbuilding. Owing to the disagreeableevening, the audience was not aslarge as it otherwise would havebeen. Public sentiment here is atlast stirred in behalf of a more complete school system for Millersburg.We can get it, and we are going tohave it. Other meetings will be heldin the near future with this objectin view and before many weeks have irolled around all the requirementswill be bnet and the site selected forthe new building.A surprise birthday party wasgiven Friday evening by Mr. andMrs. T. B. Eckley, in honor of thenineteenth birthday of their sonr Mr.Harry Eckley, who has just returnedfrom the navy, after receiving anhonorable discharge. Rook and goodmusic was enjoyed by all present.At 10:30 a delightful luncheon wasserved. The following guests were'present: Misses Grace and Iva Dail'v.of Carlisle; Mrs. Virgil Harney, MissLina Crowe, Mr. Russell Day andsister, Miss Mary Day, of Paris; Mr.Collis Maffett, of Cynthiana; MissRuth Arthur, Messers. James and' Davis Arthur, Misses Sarah Lee Collier,Byrd Knox, Ida May Ryan, EuniceDantley, Messrs. Joseph and HiramToadvine, Misses Cora Hill; P&sri1Plummer, Elizabeth Howard andLula Thomas,' all of Millesburg;Mr. and Mrs. D. Cassidy movediSaturday to rooms in their flat recently purchased from Miss NancyLouise Best, and vacated by Mr. E.D. Baldwin and family, from theproperty lately sold by them to- Mr.James Butler.' oKENTUCKY MAN DIES IN FLAMESAS HOME BURNS:WT'W'W'W'WWWWWWWWWDEATHS., HUTCHCRAFTThe residence of Barnett K. Sleet,on his farm near Walton, Ky., wasdestroyed by fire and Sleet lost hislife in the flames. His wife andthree children had gone to spend' thenight with some neighbors, and' Sleetwas alone in the house. Origin ofthe fire is unknown.Death came suddenly at an earlyhour last Sunday morning to Mr.Henry Clay Hutchcraft, aged eighty rone or the best-known and mostprominent citizens of the city. Mr.Hutchcraft was found lying across adivan at his hclme, on Main street,in this city, by his daughter, Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, with whomhe had made his home for manyyears.Mr. Hutchcraft had been up andaronud the home a short time previous, and after a short while-went to,his room. Not responding to thecall for breakfast, Mrs. Sutherlandwent to his room to investigate, andto her horror, found her father coldin ieath, his demise. having ,appar-,ent tajcen piace wumn a comparatively short time after he Jhad returned to the room. 'Medical aid wasquickly sifnmoned, but to no avail,as Mr. Hutchcraft was beyond allearthly aid.Mr. Hutchcraft was a member ofone of the best-known families' inthe county or State, and for manyyears was one of "the best-postedShorthorn- breeders and farjner inin the county. His home on The Clintonyille pike, near Paris, was alwaysone where hospitality and good cheeri reigned and the "stranger within thegates" was as welcome as kith andkin. He was a man of cheerful andamiable disposition, of keen businessinstincts, and one whom It was apleasure to know. He was a, son ofthe late Reuben and FannyHedges Hutchcraft, and was bornneth Stony Point, in the county, where he had spent practically most of his long and usefullife. For the past thirty-five yearshe had been a consistent melriber and,one of the pftlcers of the Paris Chlrs-tian church. His wifev who-was amember of one of the old families ofthe county, preceded vMni to thegrave many years ago-vMr. Hutchcraft is survived Jy oneson, Mr. Edward Hutchcraft, of Chi:cago: one daughter, Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, of Paris;. two grandchildren. Mr. Clay Sutherland, of, Paris,tand Arthur Stephen Hutchcraft; twobrothers-,. Mr. K. S. Hutcncratt, orParis, and; William Hntcfcc&ft, residing-fit California,, and; one sister,f Mrs. R. M. Harris, of Paris. He wasan uncle of the late Capt. ReubenB. Hutchcraft, who gave Ms life Inthe defense of democracy.The funeral was held at threeo'clock yesterday afternoon, ' withservices conducted at the grave-in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The pall-bearers were his nephews,W. S. Ra Chas. N. Fithian, KellyHaley, Clay Shropshire- and Jno. T.Hedges ama Dr. F. M. Faries. 'daughter, Miss Louise KohlasBvThe funeral was held Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at his latehome, followed by burial in the Winchester Cemetery.MaimniiiitiKmHHiwwiwimnMiHMintM-&.-..- ..IrThe J. T. Hinton Co. 1r5-; v ?Marin-- mn Sixth- StreetsUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSParis Ky.Day phone 36INlBht : . . 56or Home 286Mtor equipment.! Ambulance calls promptly attended to with:: Umus!itt Invalid Coach.Hearse used ffer funeral purposes only.our- rP .i f. .-TBaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaj; JaaaaaaflBjaHWITHERS.The funeral of Mrs. MartinWithers, who'died at her home on theRuddles Mills pike, of influenza, washeld at the, residence Saturday morning at eleven o'clock. The intermenttook place in the Battle Grove Cemetery', at Cynthiana, with services conducted at the grave.Mrs. Withers was aged sixty-nine.She was the widow of William Withers, who died nine years ago. She issurvived by nine children, "Messrs.Raymond, Georgeand John Withters,Mrs. Flora Florence and Mrs. Arabelle Wyles all of Scott county Mrs.Pearl Farmer, of Paris; Mrs. MaryMorrison, and Armand Withers, bothof Scott county, and Mrs. Sallie Reffett, of near Ruddles Mills, and byone brother, Henry Piatt, who resided with her.BELL.The funeral of Mrs. Bertha M.Bell, aged thirty-five, who died Friday pf pneumonia, at the home ofher sister, Mrs. Albert Snapp, nearShawhan, was held at the Christianchurch, Sunday afteroon q twoo'clock. The inteitoent followed inthe Paris Cemetery.Mrs. Bell is . survived by .hermother, Mrs. Lucy Price Bell, threebrothers, Price Bell, Garrett Bell,and Horace Bell, and one sister, Mrs.Albert Snapp.KOHLASS.Mr. George N: Kohlass, aged .fifty-two,well-known in Paris, died inWinchester, Friday morning, after along illness. resulting :om a nervousbreakdown. Mr. Kohlass was formany years in the merchant tailoring business. He was a man1 of upright principles and kindly t'Tiperament. Mr. Kohlass was well-known to theolder residents of Paris. Besides hiswidow, who was Miss -Julia Hodgkin,he is survived by his widowed moth-SUBE WE CAN DO-ITSome folks seem to think that Uncle Sam is going to hive trouble thisspring in floating his Victory-LibertyLoan of $5,000, 000,000.That now that the war is over, allsave signing the peace treaty, publicsupport Is going to loiter on the wayto the bond counter.But don't you believe it.The great American public, whichmeans of course nothing more norless than the American people, aregoing to finish the job.They've been behind Uncle Sanievery minute.. f They're behind himright now. ' They're going to be behind him until the last nail is drivenin the coffin of Kaiserdonv Untildemocracy is; really safe' for theworld. - , ". : 'It took. just three weeks -in the'Fourth Liberty Loan for these samefolks to subscribe something like 6,500, 000,000: -' And it wasn't such great shakes ofan effort at that-They have bought scfnething'like$17,000,000,000 worth of LibertyBonds since the war began almost 18months ago.Yet no one has gone broke in theperformance..' And there is'stili a sufficient surplus of loose change lying aroundthe country to. take this next $5,000,000,000 issue without serlouslycrippling any of the projects necessary to our continued prosperity.For most folk's have been jmakinga little more money of late than everbefore. Some have been spendingmore. But most of us have got as faras our A B C's in the lesson of thrift.And we like the idea. xBesides this next loan is to beonly for a short term, and the rate isto be higher, and winter will be overand spring will be in the air and' allwill be lovely. And the future willbe looking as bright as the skies:We simply cannot fall down thisti'me. We will not.We will simply eat it up.STUDENTS GET HELPCaleb Doerr, one of the old-timelumbermen out in Minnesota, remem-Ihered his early struggles when iemade ms win. e lert a bequest or$30,000 as a loan fund for worthystudents in agriculture.oFor over ten months the Red Crosshas been distributing' milk to theneedy families of Italian soldiers.NEW POULTRY HOUSELEON RENAKER & CO.Have Opentd aXew Poultry in the.Dow Building, Opposite Hotel Windsoraticf will pay the Highest cash prices forpoultry, eggs, hides and junk. Our truck,will make trips to the country -for largeojuemtities of poultry and eggs.GRANT ROBtttSGN, ManagerCumberland Phone 361Home Fhone 552&NOWIS THE TIME!Buy Now!Shoe Prices AreStill AdvancingIn sfite of ttiis we have marked our entirestock down to prices that must sell quick and;make an absoluteCLEAN SWEEPof all Fall and Winter Shoes. Grasp this opportunity now; buy for future as well aspresent needs!JuWlZHfeiyMJ!S!Sj5cSujrTNH . 1 on iVlfa ffl "fcj Ait I99Ladies' Black ' English orCuban Heel Boot3,$4.00 values.at ,.Ladies' Mahogany English,leather- tps$6.00 values,atLadies' Dark Grey Boots,with Louis Heel18.00 values,at$2..Cingiisii,$4.50Boots,$5.95SPECIALBARGAINSLadies5 Grey Boots, Louisheel, with cloth tops$5.00 tJo r 5.00value P0iD valueLadies' assorted discontinued lines, $5 and $6 Val., $1 .95MMMen's G. M. EnglishW.-O. and other fa-luuua m an. ca'.ou vai.WVlMen's Dark Tan Eng- i retlish, $6.00 values VJ hitMen's Gun Metal Aft aftLace,.E. & J. makes, Vi flU$4.00 values at fLiTUBoys' Gun Metal M lftLace, $2.50 , values, Jl MDon't Miss This Money -Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreItl M 1 1 IIMIIllll tf tt l"tttl 1 1 Hit Her, Mrs. Pattie Lou Kohlass, d one- t --v A