3SW7?fr,Siv f j" -. "VflC . VTrVuiV-Jr " 'S TVr. . . rv5- -Tii iw " JU AVtr-j9.-'.. -3TJLTHE' JH' ' ,T"jj ''tiSr 43feff iPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRT VY IN THE YEAR.! . ."PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 29 1919volume xxxvmAKi1 " l " ". t-.-.2r , " fi-BOURBON NEWSr- .jmtmsetTHE MANAGERS OF A LOSINGCANDIDATE HESOET TO DESPERATE MEASURES.The managers of Judge Carroll'scampaign have assumed the role ofjesters. Every undemocratic act thatthey they accuse Gov. Black of they' have in reality been guilty of themselves and the reason they are ableto tell it 'so convincingly is because they are better qualified to doso than any other set of men in Kentucky, owing to the fact that theyhave thrived so long upon such practices and are so well acquainted withthe ins and outs of double dealingand crossing. ,The people of Kentucky have foryears been deceived and mislead bythe gang of parasites at Frankfort;hut this time they are judging thecandidates by faces. Judge Carrollis the last man in Kentucky thatshould accuse Gov. Black at any timewith affiliating in any manner withthe Republican party when in thetime of stress Judge Car.roll refusedto support Wm. Goebel for the officehe is now a candidate for himself.Especially is this true when JudgeCarroll knows in his heart that, andalso from the evidence of the sensesof proof submitted that Gov. Blackis not only a true blue Democrat, hutTHE MAN who saved the DemocraticState ticket from defeat at the lastState election. The undisputed factthat Judge Carroll is a bolter shouldforever settle his chances for receiv-,-T,rthA Democratic nomination forGovernor. What Democrat wishes togive his support to such a candidate?This alone should be a sufficient reason to influence any Democrat to casthis vote for " Gov. Black, against- whom no truthful accusation of asimilar nature can be brought. Ifyou wish to know what Judge Carroll's political sins are just read whatthe managers of the Judge have tosay about Gov. Black. This is theoldest game in politics used by unscrupulous managers. And JudgeJafroll is just as guilty as his managers because he supinely submits totheir dictates.Every one is well acquaint withthe Judge's action in the school bpokcase when he dodged the issue. Whosent the check to the Louisville Anzeiger to pay the advertising expense's of Judge Carroll's candidacy?ELI H. BROWN. Who sent thecheck for the same purpose to TheTlew Era? ELI H. BROWN.Now, dear voter, do you know whoEli H. Brown, Jr., is? For your education, read this article copied from'the Elizabethtown Mirror:"Is Carroll a conscientious Judge ormerely an expedient candidate?"The gratitious monetary aidwhich Eli H. Brown, Jr., is lendingJudge Carroll in meeting the latter'scampaign expenses, is one of thealarming exposures of the last fewdays. Eli H. Brown, Jr., has been aprominent figure in some unsavorytransactions in Kentucky poiiucuhistory, only recently having been'probed out of a lucrative position bythe Kentucky Legislature in a'housecleaning crusade, because his$3,000 job carried with it no dutiesexcept that of holding out an itchingpaim for the pay envelope. Eli H.Brown, Jr., received several thousand dollars from the Compromise ofthe JHarkness inheritance tax suit,and which settlement, it is chargedin a suit recently instituted to reonen said case, fraudulently deprivedKentucky of several hundred thousand dollars. Eli H. Brown, Jr., is thereputed law partner of M. M. Logan,t Judge Carroll's campaign manager,and the latter only recently, we areinformed, made a strenuous effort tohave the Bingham inheritance taxcase compromised for a sum claimedto be many hundred thousands ofdollars less than the amount due theState. It was during th incumbency of M. M. Logan as AttorneyGeneral that the Harkness case wassettled as aforesaid.Tirin, TiiHjto Carroll's candidacy3iavinr the support of Eli H. Brown,Jr., Henry Mines, ismy uj ""others of their- kind, it seems to usthat if there is any housecleaningneeded in Kentucky, it oaght to startin the Carroll campaign headquarters. "There are still other reasons whywe oppose the nomination of JudgeCarroll, among which is the fact, HECANNOT WIN IN NOVEMBER."Our vote shall be for BLACK ANDDEMOCRATIC SUCCESS IN NOVEMBER! . .it !, nomnnrats of Kentucky. - -rr i n . . innwish to still be dominated by Eli H.Brown, Jr., Billy Klair, Henry Hines,XL. M. Logan and -others ol such ilbv all means nominate and electJudge Carroll. With Judge Carrollas Governor he is bound to favor histriends and managers and these arehis friends and managers. Have youor nave you not had enough of thisbunch? Now read the facts set forthby the Russellville Messenger:"Judge Carroll should also be required to explain why he has not r?signed as Chief Justice of the Courtof Appeals before entering the racefor Governor and while drawing theDay of Judge of the Court o'f Appealsto state why he had not the courageRACING AUTOMOBILE BREAKSPARMER'S RIGHT LEG.As the result of being runinto !and knocked down by an automobiledriven by a young man namedt Jackson, Mr. x. a. iuynneir; agea ouuu ,sixty, a farmer residing1 on the Bethlehem nike, near this city, is in theMassie Memorial Hospital, with abroken leg and severe injuries aboutthe body.It was said by eye-witnesses thatjday afternoon.young Jackson, who resides on the'Hugh Ferguson farm, near Paris, was jracing with the 10:00 mteruroan carfrom Lexington, near the intersectionof Twentieth street and the Lexington pike. Mr. Mynheir was walking near the track, on his way home,and being blinded by the glare of theelectric headlight of the interurbancar, did not see the automobile, andthe driver of the machine did notsee him until to late to avoid an accident. The machine swerved, striking Mr. Mynheir, and knocking himdown. Jackson at once stopped hiscar and ran to the fallen man's aid,offering every assistance possible.Dr. William Kenney, who happenedto be in the vicinity, was summoned, Iand after giving the injured' manfirst-aid, had him removed to theMassie Memorial Hospital, where anexamination disclosed the fast thatboth bones of his right leg werebroken helow the knee, and that hehad sustained severe "bruises.Frequent complaints ' from residents of that section of the city regarding reckless driving and racingautomobiles, became crystallized yesterday in a. determination to takethe law in their own hands. It wasstated that a Vigilance Committee,composed of numbers of the best citizens of that 'section, was organizedfor the purpose of putting a stop tothe practice of speeding, and that inthe future, offenders had betterhave a care. .THE NEWS was informed by one who is in the confidence of the committee that they intend to make an example of thespeeders no matter who he or shemay be, of high or low degree. Hestaed that it has become almost asmuch as a person's life is worth toattempt to cross the streets in thatneighborhood when the racers havepossession, and that the "vigilancecommittee" is in deadly earnest indetermining to put a stop tothespeed demons making a race course-ofthe6treets.oANNUAL OBSERVANCE OE "BABY-. .WEEK" IN PARIS.The Bourbon County Health -andWelfare League will have its annualobservance of "Baby Week," at thecourt house m this city, beginningon August 4. It is earnestly requested by those in charge that allmothers of children under six yearsof age will bring them to the roomin the court house to be set apart forthat purpose, wbere tney win Deweighed and, measured according tostandards maintained by the National League. rCards will be issued to the mothers, indicating the weights and measures, and advice will be, given freeof charge to those babies falling below the standards for whatever causemalnutrition, retarded growth,etc. Physicians and experienced assistants will be on hand to conductthe physical examination, and tooffer suggestions for the bettermentof the hahies' health and growth.QBUYING SCOTT COUNTY WHEAT.E. F. Spears & Sons, of Paris, havecompleted arrangments with Penn &Parker, successors to O. D. Courtney,to purchase wheat from them inScott county.to sit in the school book case wherethere was involved the interest ofevery school patron and every childin Kentucky. He could have' pre-jvented a 'hung jury' in the Court ofAppeals as was the final outcome."We believe with Governor Black'scritics that Kentucky needs a housecleaning and believe that at the proper time it will come , under his administration, but Judge Carroll haslemained silent upon the subject, ap-.parently hoping to obtain some benefit by that silence instead of advocating some plan to rid the party ofits greatest menace. ,"We heartily support Gov. Blackfor the nomination because he is thechoice of the rank and file ot tneparty, because we believe he wilMmake a stronger candidate than anyone now "before the people and because he can deteat Edwin P. Morrow." ,Another reason that the'jrank andfile of the Democratic party shouldvote for Governor Blaok- is that heis the -candidate thatrepresents thepeople as a mass and is not the candidate 6f great riches- and aristocracy. ' .Nominate BLACK and'YOU HAVENOMINATED A WINNER. Ask the!Republicans. They .know. Other-jwise, why are they;sa'anxiousNto seeJudge, Carroir riomfnated?BLACK DENIES LOGAN CHARGESSays Never Was Republican DelegateDid flat Tnd fialfihPowers $2,500miFUKT SFJ&ECH. AT HNDRoUXProm the Courier-Journal.HENDERSON, KY., July 25. Itwas an attentive audience that greeted Gov. James D. ' Black when hespoke at the court house here Thurs-Although it was apparent that itwas a Democratic audience therewere some Republicans present-..The Governor was- cheered threetimes in the course of his talk.Only three new issues werebrought out by the Governor, each inanswer to recent statements made byM. M. Logan, formerly chairman ofthe State Tax Commission, JusticeCarroll's campaign manager.They concerned the charge madethat Logan wrote T. Or Turner,Trigg County, that he would care forStanley appointees in the event ofhis election: the Governor's reputedloan of ? 2,5 00 to Caleb Powers, former Congressman, and the statementthat he once was a delegate to a Republican Convention. .Gov. Black read an affidavit swornto by J. Frank Ladd and John G.King, which stated they saw a letter written to T. O. Turner by Logan which read:"Rest easy, or sit steady in the(boat. If 'Carroll is elected Stanleysappointees will be taken care of.Gov. Black said he could produceother affidavits of the letter. Theaffidavit of King and Ladd wassworn to before a notary public atHopkinsville, July 22, last.He denounced as false and malicious the statement he loaned CalebPowers $2,500. He said he loanedDr. Bennett, a cousin of Powers,$7,500 to purchase land, and if Powers got any of the money he did notknow it; that Bennett gave the notesand Bennett paid them.He said no greater falsehood wasever -placed against a candidate inKentucky than the statement -that hewas a delegate to any Republicanconvention, saying he, like someother Democrats in his county, usually would drop in on a county Republican convention and look uponthe proceedings; that Republicans inhis county would do the same thingwhen Democrats held county conventions. tta said he saw the late W. O.Bradley at a Democratic conventionin Louisville and tnat jonn uaivm.Republican, attended the last Democratic convention held in Lexington.He said he had a nephew, a Re-"publican, named for him, who livesin his county, but he did not remember whether he was a delegate tothat Republican convention. 'He said he had been criticised fornot removing some politicians appointed by Stanley."If I had my way about it," hesaid, "their political heads would bechopped off and thrown into theKentucky River."Those whose heads he wouldsever were Eli Brown, George Speer,Herbert Carr, Henry Hines, CharlesHowes, Ben Marshall and W. Y.Thomas.He charged Brown with receivingfrom $5,000 to ,$7,000 in settlementof the Harkness tax case in FayetteCounty, and criticised Gov. Stanleyfor the "mistakes" he made in having such "friends" and giving themappointments.He said Brown drew from the StateTreasury $3,000 annually for severalyears without rendering service .andthat this fact became so notoriousthe Legislature took action and abolished the office to get rid of Brown,tttViot. nil thnneht Brown wasdown and out he bobs up as asilent attorney in the Bingham taxcase by some arrangement with thethree attorneys employed by theState."If there is any legal way, nesaid, "I will do my utmost to prevent Brown from getting any portionof the fee to be paid these attorneys.The Governor explained the Tyerailroad pass letter by saying hewrote that letter for nis rriena u.he never appeared for the railroad inany case after that time.Advertisement.oPARIS WHOLESALER ELECTEDHEAD OF CREDIT MEN.At a meeting of the LexingtonCredit Men's Association, held inthe Chamber of Commerce, in thatcity, Mr. Henry A. Power, presidentof the Power Grocery Co., of thiswas elected president for the ensuingyear. Mr. W. B. Talbert, of the BlueGrass Commission Co., of Lexington,was chosen vice-president, and Mr.John'D. Allen, secretary. The Boardof Directors is composed of the following: J. W. Morrison, chairman,David Ades, C T. Crowe and M. C.Kellogg.A discussion of the -subject, Opening A New Account," was the featureof the program. Talks on variousphases of the subject were made byprominent merchants of LexingtonParis and other Bluegrass towns Asupper" preceded the meeting, whichwas attended by about thirty members of the Association. In the discussion of the subject "Opening ANew Account," Mr. Power took fothis theme, "Value of The InformationBureau of The Credit Men's 'Association. -" - , rfMRS. HANCOCK E0RWARDS 150"READ0PTI0NS"T0 ERANCEIn answer to a cry for help fromthe practically helpless war orphansof Belgium and France, the peopleof the Bluegrass region, and especially of Bourbon county, have responded nobly. For the sum of$31.59 a new lease on life is givento some French or Belgium boy orgirl,, whose father Ifas been takenaway by the horrors of war. Bourbon county has done its part.Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,whq is chairman of the movementand one of the most faithful workersin the cause in this county and city,has just sent to the headquarters ofthe Fatherless Children of FranceRelief Fund, In France, a list of 105readoptions, being that many personswho have renewed their pledge tocontribute to the support of the orphan children to whom they had previously been pledged.oCHILD HAS NARROW ESCAPELittle Marion Connell, five-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jos.Connell, residing at Fourteenth andMain streets, had a close call fromdeath while playing "hide and seek"with a number of other children inthe lumber yards of the BourbonLumber Co., on South Main street.The child hid behind a f pile oflumber, and the other children inrunning over a pile of locust posts,dislodged them, a number falling on jthe little girl, crushing her to theground. When rescued she was almost unconscious from strankulation,and was found to have sustained anumber of severe bruises about thehead and body. She was removed toher home and given medical attention. -oFREIGHT W&ECK ON L. & N.A northbound Louisville & Nashville freight train, loaded withstock and watermelons, was wreckedSunday night, between Falmouthand Butler, when a drawbar puneaout, piling the cars over one another. Three carloads of sheep andhogs were killed, the sheep beingthose shipped Saturday by Caywooa& McClintock, of this city, to Swift& Co., at Chicago. A carload of watermelons was also destroyed. Thejwreclc caused a delay in tramc oiseveral hours, until the tracks werecleared by the wrecking crews. . Noone was hurt in the accident.SACKS.Grain Sacks for rent or sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(july!8-6t)I "We Know HCo-wllSATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.lBSillPHlliHr-1) nilili H SJB1111' 1Hi Bill II lilnl IH THMfflltlaln y,.)kMniNH " ir HHiffl 111 1WfrHfJJIWI r .)CowlHlllrcoorritfctM t nJWmHili Kl .UTnnaPMlin'XMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStettMi HatsWHY CARROLL SHOULD BE NOM-INATED.1. Because his ability, his charac-ter. his standing: as citizen, lawyerand jurist tamp him as trhe bestman to nominate and elect Governorof Kentucky. j2. Because his long experience inpublic affairs enables him to knowthe needs of the people of Kentuckyland render him notent in carrvinsrand render him potent in carryingout their desires.3. Because he intellectually andin every way outclasses the Republican nominee for Governor.4. Because he will unite all factions of-the party; is twenty thousand votes stronger than GovernorBlack and can be elected in November. Why Black Should Not Be Nomi' nated.1. Because, although claiming tobe a Democrat, he has not appearedupon the stump in any campaign orrendered any service to the. Democratic party in the State in twentyyears except when he was a personalcandidate four years ago.2. Because his unfortunate L. &N. letter, his defeat by a questionable technicality of the miners bill,his equivocal, spineless attitude sincehe became Governor would put himand the party on the defensive during the campaign, making his election doubtful.3. Because his nomination is advocated by every Republican in Kentucky. - 4. Because his nomination wouldnot unite but would divide the party.Carroll On Taxes. ' -Your land will be raised higherevery year if we do not take thepower away from the State Tax Commission, at Frankfort, to raise thecounties and make them raise you.Carroll is the only man on ANYticket who says take the poweraway from the State Tax Commissjonand let every county" fix lfs ownland values.Black not only stands by the ralsing system, but has arragned tqkeep the same Commission .that, hasbeen raising you in the' past. Getready and help nominate Judge 'Car-roll or "get ready to'pay more taxesin the next four years than you evertpaid in your life.Carroll is obligated to take theState tax off of land, and expectsyour support in the primary onAugust 2.BOURBON CARROLL CLUB.(Advertisement)inM17'jftttatU. .NtttlttMi btMYSTERY SURROUNDS ATTAIRCONERNING PARIS WOMANWith a broken arm and severalsevere and dangerous cuts om kwrbreast and neck, Mrs. Ollie Xawsob,a young white .woman, residing o"West street, in this city, was broagktto the Massie Memorial Houaital ata late hour Saturday night, la asemi-unconscious condition, by a col-rored man in an automobile. Beforeored man in an automobile. Before! the man could be questioned he madela hurried departure, leaving the hospital authorities in the dark as tothe cause of Jthe trouble. 'It was afterward learned that Mrs.Lawson and another womam weedriving in an automobile, ani wkilecrossiag the old coVered bridge orerStoner Creek, at the footr of Mainstreet, the former either jumped, orwasp pushed from the machine, falling on a bottle, which broke andcaused the wounds in her breast. Atthe hospital Mrs. Lawson was unakletn tfill anv of the circumsta.ncaK a.t-! tending the affair. The police aretryiag to learn the identity of thenegro man who brought her to thehospital, and to discover the cause ofthe accident.oBOURBON GETS ANOTHERTRUCK.Bourbon county will get two morearmy trucks, in addition to the twoFederal trucks previously awarded"the county by the Government, according to notice recently receivedhere by Judge George Battertoa.One of the new trucks will fce of;three-ton capacity and the other willbe of the heavy aviation type ufcec7.in the United States army. y 'The county now owns three largeWhite trucks. As soon as the mewttrucks have been received, which itis expected will be a matter" of only:a few days, and have been equipped,with automatic dumping bodies, the'workmen will be able to handle tfceoutput of two rock crushing outfits,thus doubling the capacity of theroad building machinery of the coun-ty. The trucks awarded the countywould ordinarily cost about $5,60 "each.o1 AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAKO-Tpzday,. Tuesday, Jjily 29 IAUaLee, in "Rustling a Bride;" WilliamDuncan, in "The Man of Might;Pathe Comedy, "The Marathon."To-morrow, Wednesday, July 30Marguerite Clark, in "Let's Elope ;rBray PitrograpH.. Thursday, July 31 Ladies' DayConstance Talmadge, in "Happinessa La Mode;" Vaudeville Movies.The suits we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our, store.Summer Coatsand TrousersWool Crashes, Mohairs, PalnbBeach and Kool Kloth$18 to $40I Mi:.'tAiilltrii-2v..(IB .'mm-EC0fif T - T '-&!&?.sV:Tftf -fcZrft-iki-&ih i-rr FAGI TWO ;1 eggI fTUF RnilRRHN NFWSEstablished 188137 Years of Costumoui PublicationPtNished Every Tuesday and Endayr Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adavance.IWLTT CHAMP. Editor and Qwner.Hhttred at tlie Pari, Kentucky,Eoitofflce as Mail Matter of theBttond CUm.)Aw .mnRAnii reflection UDOXL theaan rftr gUnding or reputation otatfr pewon, firm or corporation whichmkr appear in the columns of THEKuRBON TSEWS will he gladly cortted it Drought to attention of theaitor.ADVERTISING RATESDiiplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertech for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents-per linecch issue; reading, notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Sards of thanks, calls on canditates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special raes for large advertisesie&ts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otheraaatter for publication.Announcements for political officesnst invariably be accompanied bythe cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourbon County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 1919.We are authorized to announce N7A. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forRepresentative from Bourbon Countyin the General Assembly of the Kentv iy Legislature.; ", FOR CITY COUNCILMANt j i - IFirst Ward "" 'We are authorized to announceJAMES H. MORELAND as a candidate for Councilman from the FirstWard, in the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We are authorized to announceN. FORD BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman In the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionol the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J? WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceTHOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.Second WardWe are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman in the Second Wardof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce EDBURKE as a candidate for Councilman in tine Second-Ward of the Cityof ParisKy., subject to action of theDjemocratic party, .T We are authorized to announceHUGH BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party..J1Third Ward.We -are authorized to announceGEORGE 'DOYLE ns a candidate forCouncilman in- the-Third Ward of theCity of Ptfris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.-tEBITOBIA! MUSINGS.,The Country Press and the- PostalZone Law.The so-called zone system," nowa law until repealed, abolishes ourbasic postal principles established formore than half century. This revivalof the idea that cost must determinethe postage rate, introduces a newelement of such importance to thecountry newspapers of this nationthat they need to scrutinize withgreat care and precision before theyblindly support the postal zone system, as some of them at least seemdisposed' to do.There is no more important servicethan that rendered, or which may berendered the American people by thesmall country newspapers. Recognizing this fact, free mail delivery-within the county of publication wasprovided for the country press manyyears ago. This free postal servicewas.never regarded as a subsidy tothe .country newspapers. It was avital public service of information tothe readers, for any postal charge-would be added to the subscriptionprice, directly or indirectly.The subsidy, If so it be termned,was to the readers, to the peopletbemEelves, wiiojj&y. lor it in theirnational taxes. Therural delivery is? - .for the benefit of the country newspaper reader.Now" the. latest official report ofthe Post Office Department showsthat the annual cost per newspaperon Rural Free Delivery routes is 1.4cents per piece. As the country papers weigh approximately ten oreleven to the pound, this would meana minimum postage charge on country newspapers of fourteen cents perpound.The First Assistant PostmasterGeneral last year, testifying beforea Senate Committee, stated that the"overhead" on every pound of newspaper, mail was 3.8 cents per pound.Therefore, on this new rule of postal"cost," the country press of the nation will have to face the terriffic total postage charge of almost eighteen cents per pound.Of course, no country publishercan afford a postage charge of eighteen cents a pound. He must passthis charge on to his subscribers, reducing thereby his circulation.This overturn of postal principlesin existence for over fifty years willimpose a very great injustice uponthe country newspapers and therreaders. The rural delivery is themost expensive and least profitableof all the postal departments andtherefore the revival of this old postal theory will put upon the countrypress of America the highest ratesof postage in the land.Black Bass In Kentucky Streams.A dispatch from Frankfort statedthat J. Quincy Ward, Secretary of theGame and Fish Committee, had beennotified that the railroads would nolonger haul free of charge the carused in distributing young fish to thevarious streams in Kentucky.It costs thirty cents a mile to haulthis car and the State Committee, itwas announced, is without funds nowto defray the cost of sending the carthrough the State immediately. Itis to be hoped that the fishermen ofthe commonwealth and the State officials will soon find some way offinancing this very necessary publicservice.Kentucky has a number of streamsthat are peculiarly suited for thepropagation of food and game fish. Insome of them the small-mouth blackbass finds "its natural habitat, andDoctor Henshall says that "inch forinch, the small-mouth black bass isthe gamest fish that swims," Cumberland river, the branches of tho upper Kentucky, "Rockcastle, Dick's andGreen river, Stoner" creek, and someof the smaller streams, with rocky,gravelly beds, deep holes, ledges,rapids and eddies, furnish tothis king of the streams the very sortof breeding and feeding ground thathe best thrives in. With proper careand protection these rivers andcreeks should" furnish to the fishermen of the State as fine- sport as canbe found anywhere on the continentof North America.In some of the rivers enemies of thesmall-mouth black bass abound, it istrue. In the Cumberland, for example, the wall-eyed pike, sometimescalled "salmon," interferes with thesport of' fishing for the bass, and inother' streams the German carpdestroys the spawn of the game fish,but with all this the bass is prettywell able to take care of its own ifgiven reasonable opportunity bymankind-sto increase and grow in size.There is not as much dynamitingin Kentucky as there once was, andthe re-stocking of the .streams morefrequently than formerly has helpedto make fishing better in most ot thestreams that have come under thecare of the game wardens, but wehave not yet come to a proper realization of our duty to this field of outdoor recreation. Every year hundreds of Kentucky fifsliermen, atgreat cost and trouble, seek sport indistant regions north and south,which might be found at home if wewere provident enough to take careof what the Almighty has given tous.WHO SAID "POLITICAL FOT WASNOT BOILING?"Challenging statements which Gov.James D. Black made in hfs speechat Hopkinsville, Tuesday, General M.M. Logan, campaign manager forJudge James D. Carroll, sent the following telegram to Governor Blackat Frankfort, Wednesday night:"In your speech at Hopkinsville,yesterday, you said I had writtenCarroll's Trigg county manager to'sit steady in the boat; if Carroll iselected the appointees of GovernorStanley will be taken care of"The statement is false and whollyso. I challenge you to prove it orwithdraw it. If you will give methe name of your informant I will denounce him as a common liar. Doyou -want to assume responsibilityfor the statement?"Why should we take care ofStanley's appointees? They areyours, not ours. Feed your ownsheep."oPREPARING LODGE HISTORYMembers of Bourbon Lodge No. 26,I. O. O. F., of Paris, have been ad-I vised that a history of the KentuckyGrand Lodge is being prepared byGrand Secretary R. G. Elliott, whichwill be distributed at the meeting ofthe Sovereign Grand Lodge, to beheld in Baltimore, Md., in September. The Kentucky Grand Lodge wasestablished in July, 1835.I o rThe reasonwomen's clothes are nolonger discussed in this column isbecause they dem't wear, any worthtalfcinsr about. - .-; H.;o rTHE BOTOLBON TOWS, PAHIS. EEHTPCgYMARKETING HEMP.Almost a centry and a half agothe farmers in the Bluegrass of Kentucky began to grow hemp. Sincethat time the growers of this crophave had their fat years and theirlean years. Lately the huge pricespaid for Burley tobacco and the acuteshortage of labor have pushed hempinto the background and a very smallacreage was sown this season. JohnR. Humphrey, of tne ExperimentStation, has just completed BulletinNo. 221, "Marketing Hemp." Thisbulletin takes up h$ history ofhemp growers in Kejitucky and outlines the expansion "hemp growingin other States during, the past eightor ten years. The bulletin showsthat during the, period.of hemp production .in the rUnited States innumerable patents on, li'emp' breaking machinery and methods of r treatinghemp fiber have been, issued..It seems that all -of the hempbreaking machinery used in the fieldshas been more or less of a failure,but hemp breaking plants at centralpoints have proved very successful,both in Wisconsin and Indiana. Indescribing these central plants thebulletin has the following to say:"A, hemp breaking plant capableof breaking 15,000 pounds of hempfiber per day, requires an investmentof from $25,000 to $50,000, andshould be located in the center of ahemp-producing area where thefields are within a radius of 15miles of the plant. The plant is constructed with ample storage spacefor a supply of hemp stalks, a drykiln for conditioning the hemp forbreaking, a machine room and a storage house for baled fiber. The machinery consists of a hemp brake ofample strength and capacity andpower scutchers, balers, conveyorsand other minor machinery, all ofwhich are protected from wind andweather, two of the greatest hinderances to open air power hemp-breaking.Power is furnished by steamproduced by using part of the hurdsfor fuel. With this equipment hempfiber of very high quality is securedand the dangers of over-retting arethus done away with by the abilityof power breakers to break out hempof any degree of retting."A plant of the type described abovewould solve the labor problem for thegrowers of hemp. At the same timeit would produce a standard fiber ofvery much higher quality so that astable could be secured.Co-operative marketing Is suggested by the bulletin as a solution forthe fluctuating prices which the Kentucky grower has secured in handling his crop. Experiments in co-operativehave been tried quUe successfully and the bulletin has the following to say concerning some ofthem:"An experiment Was carried outduring the selling season of 1917with the intention of testing outthe comparative advantages of cooperative sales of hemp beaween thefarmer and the manufacturer. Farmers' hemp associations were formedin ten counties for the purpose ofgrading, baling and storing the fiberat local points. Each of the tencounties then elected a representativeto a contral association, the duties ofwhich Were to inspect and sell thefiber. Investigations of the Experiment station in the terminal marketsproduced considerable informationrespecting methods of sale and available outlets. It resulted that themills were not in favor of buyinghemp directly from the individualfarmers on account of the added expense entailed and the Tack of reliable information regarding the shipper. Hemp being a product, which,up to the present time, has beenbought mainly upon inspection backed by the intergity of the seller,the mills were not willing to makepurchases on samples from the farmers. To avoid this difficulty severallocal hemp associations agreed to selltheir hemp through a single agentupon a commission basis, the agentto be responsible for the grading,selling and collection."The experiment was successful inthat it produced an added revenue ofseveral thousand dollars to the farmers participating; but the extent towhich the experiment was carriedout is not sufficient to establish cooperative hemp sales upon a permanent basis. Only two counties outof the ten sold practically all of theirhemp by this arrangement; the other eight, profiting by stabilization ofprices to local dealers. In any event,under the existingcircumstances, itbecame impracticable to sell air thehemp in Kentucky through the association unless the association wasequipped with facilties for dressinghemp and tow, a condition whichdid not exist at any time during theyear. Hence the sales of hempwhich were made were carried out ona basis of raw or undressed hemp.The experiment was chiefly valuablein its indication of the possibility ofprofitable hemp marketing whichmight be brought about by properstabilization of grades and standardization of process of preparingfiber for marketEvery grower of hemp in the BlueTgrass should write at once to the Ag- jricultural Experiment Station atjLexington and ask that this Up-to-the-minute bulletin be sent to himas soon as it is off the press"-oWe have known that Wilson wasahead of the time, but we did notI think he would keep the country one-un -u - -uuui iiiiccLU.CITY BOARD TAX "SUPEBVISpRSSUBMIT THTJR EEP0T.The total valuation of the properHr nf the Citv of Paris has beenraised to $4,915,430, according tothe report of the City Board of Supervisors, as read before, and accepted by the Paris City Council inits bi-monthly session held Thursday night in City Hall. This is anincrease of near $700,000, the assessment last year being $4,250,270.The tax levy was made the sameas larst year, which was $1.55 - oneach $100 distributed as follows:General Fund Z 75 cents" School Fund 50 centsSinking Fund 23 centsHospital Fund 4 centsLibrary Fund 3 centsThe report of the Board of Supervisors, which is composed of Messrs.A. B. Hancock, D. W. Peed andJames R. Stivers follows:"To the Honorable Mayor andCity Council of Paris. Kentucky."The undersigned City Board ofSupervisors hand herewith reportfor assessment of Paris city property for the year of 1919.'We ri'ise the total value from$4,250,270 to $4,915,430.."We recommend that the assess-1or be required in the future to in-;spect property thoroughly and makerecommendations as to value. It ishardly possible for three men tomeet and pass accurately on all theproperty in the town in the time allotted for the work."It is further recommended thatthe assessors be required to get thenames and numbers of all automobiles, so that the future boards canproperly estimate their value."It is also recommended that theassessor get the assessment listssigned under oath, according to thelaw."Signed"JAMES R. STIVERS.""D. W. PEED,"A. B. HANCOCK,The annual report of the FinanceCommittee was read and it showedthat the total indebtedness in bondsof the City of Paris amounted to$104,500.The amount of bonds canceled andthe interest paid on other bonds during the past year was $4,427.16.These payments were approved bythe council and the bond and interest coupons destroyed.It was brought out in the meetingthat bonds coming due and intereston other bonds for the coming fiscalyear would require a total of $14,145 out of the City fund. iCouncilman George Doyle, chairman of the Finance Committee.stated that he had checked Up the expenditure ot tne last year and foundthat with -the , increased valuationor property there would be about?ri.C00 more in the citv fund forthe next year. He suggested thattms amount coum oe applied to theexpenses of constructing the peimanent streetsThe City Attorney was instructedby the Council to see that the ParisGas and Electric Company exter-dtheir line to any point in the citywhere gas and lights might be oneeded, as per the contract which thecity holds with the company.Mayor January called a specialsession of the council for Thursday,July 31, when an ordinance to require the Paris Water Company andthe Paris Gas and Electric Companyto tap their mains before the workof constructing the new street wasstarted, will be brought up for avote.HOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case c Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)oGEORGE PRIMROSE, WORLD-FAMOUSMINSTREL, DEAD.George H. Primrose, famous minstrel, died at San Diego, Cali., Wednesday, following a severe illnessthat began one month ago. He wasborn in London, Ontario, 66 yearsago. A widow and a brother survivehim.Primrose's career as a- minstreldates since the time of the famousHaverly troupe. He began his stagecareer when 15 years old and iscredited with having originated softshoe dancing.After being with the Haverlytroupe for several years, Primrosetoured the country with a companyknown as Barlow, Wilson, Primrose& West, a combination which lastedfor many years. About sixteen yearsago Primrose joined forces with LewDockstader. Of late years he has appeared oil the vaudeville stage.Primrose appeared in Paris several times at the old Odd FellowsHall, at that time the sole amusement place Paris afforded, in connection, with' the late Milt Barlow,who was a native of this county.Among those who knew .the deadminstrel intimately was Mr. RobertS. Porter, of Paris, and many others who have -witnessed the performances put on by the famous organization. ' . toScientists have isolated. the hungerorArm Tho fMnp nhnnf t.TiP nnhiAVP-SiJ,T?!,,... , ...a T nr iLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Frtczonocosts only a few cents.k "iBKWith, your, fingers! You can" lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and , the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle ,at any drug store; apply a fewdrops ,upon the- corn or callus, instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and ail, witnoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)oLINOTYPE MAKERS, OUT TWOMONTHS, GO BACK.Fourteen hundred employes of theMergenthaler Linotype Company,who who have been on strike fortwo months, returned to work Wednesday, of last week. The companyhas agreed, it announced, to establisha 44 -hour week if it is generallyadopted in the printing industry, butnot until then. The chief demandof the strikers was for a closed shopand this was not granted, the company asserted.Notice to Creditors!All persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to, or having claimsagainst, the estate of Carrie Bowen,deceased, are hereby notified to settle any such indebtedness and present any such claims, properly povenas required by law, to the undersigned executor, or his attorney, O. T.Hinton.LUCIEN.P. GARRETT, "Executor of Carrie Bowen, Deceased.(15-22-29)J. W. HAYDEN, CITY CLERK,Respectfully Submits the financial Reportof the City of Paris from January 1 ,? 1919,toJuly1,1919. "i i r -COLLECTIONS PROM ALL SOURCESBalance January 1, 1919 ; $25,133.30Delinquent Taxes ($4,429.68) . 4,429.68License : 10,796.85Fines '.-.. .. .J .. 374.00Rock 1,451.50Miscellaneous 48.64Sooper's Note ., 125.00$42,358.97DISTRIBUTED:General Fund t $39,947.67School Fund .. . 1.428.92Sinking Fund . . . .' ) 657.31Library Fund . , . . . . :Hospital -General Fund $39,947.67:GENERAL FUND DISTRIBUTED:Administration Salaries $1,8 02.30 ,Administration Expense 545.63Police Salaries '2,083.40Police Supplies . . 101.92Quarry and Street Salaries 5r419.84Quarry and Street Equipment . . . . 1,105.96Quarry and Street Expense . . . . ... 9I5r73Fire Department Salaries 1113.25Fire Department Equipment' .. ... 606.90Fire Department Supplies v . . 240". 4 8Donation to Hospi tarCharityInfluenza ExpenseH. & W. LeagueTaxes and Licenses Refunded ....Street LightingMiscellaneous ExpenseSanitary Sewer . . . . i .Bonds and Interest PaidWater Rents "..Interest On Endowment FundOiling Streets . . . .Balance in Treasury"1 I :f ' ? "J "FARMS ALL SIZESSouthern Brown Co., OhioLISTEN' 180 acres, slightly rolling limestone farm, notfar from river, 1 mile from town, 3 1-12 miles from railroad.Two good 2-story houses, 2 cellars, 2 large barns, buggy shed,tool house, hog houses, cribs and sheds, plenty of good outbuildings; watered by wells and springs; plenty of fruit. Buyer toreceive one-half of growing: crop, which is looking good.On account of ill health, this farm is priced to sell at once.Terms to suit purchaser. Price, $16,000.Jf you are interested-nV buying a farm, would be glad toshow:you.The S. J. JonesCounty, Ohio,i'i j3TUESDAY, JULY 29, 1919.LostBetween . Blue Lick Springs andParis, a leather hand bag containingclothing and others articles. Finderwill be rewarded by returning sameto W. A. THOMPSON,(22-tf) 1313 High St., Paris, Ky.Steer Taken Up.A red steer, weighing about 700 or$00 pounds, has strayed to my place(the Hinton Farm) on the NorthMiddletown pike. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying charges.(ll-6t) R. L. WILSON.PUBLIC SALEOP HIGH CLASSRegistered and GradeJerseysHaving sold our farm, we willoffer at public auction, onFriday, August 1,1919At 10 O'Clock. A. M.. Centerville. Ky.our entire herd of Jersey cattle. 25registered Jerseys, by such bulls asNoble of Oakland, Goddington's Noble, "Viola's Oakland Jolly, MapleGrove's Quality Prince, etc. Eigktgrades (best in county.) Also complete Diary Outfit, consisting of separator, cans, etc. "ALSO1 five-year-old mare;1 two-year-old mare; ;1 four-year-old mule; ',1 three-year-old mule; t . J20 good grade ewes; ' JJJ2 two-horse wagons;1 one-horse wagon;1 wheat drill;1 disc harrow:- '31 sixty-tooth smoothing harrow;1 manure spreader;2 Busy Bee Cultivators;1 five-shovel plow;1 No. 20 Oliver breaking plow;1 No. 11 Blizzard ensilage cutter;1 mower;1 Black Hawk corn planter, withfertilizer attachments;Lot of locust posts, etc.1 Ford touring car, 1918 model, infirst-class condition.G. R. & G. M. BURBERRY.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(25-29)85.74239.32$42,358.97$2,347.922,185327,442.532-,260.63500.00193.55., 157.90. . " 250.00151.26v 2,252.45. 13.20. . 8,362.63. 4,784.30.-. 1,516.66; 300.002,813.594,415.72$39,947.67 $39,947.67J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.INReal Estate Agencyj?-wi? -iv v,,-cw ,Vy, ---.TUESDAY, JULY 29, 1919.THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PUIS; KEHTIKXIPAGESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.7TT-aaaaaBwBaPtalPBtPBoaaal'jaBBMVHC&X&Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, ThereandElsewhere-Miss Mary Rourke has as guestMiss Nora Kearney, o Covington.Miss Virginia Cahal is a guest ofMiss Nora Applegate, in Versailles.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfrom a monthJs vacation in Missouri.Miss Rebecca Purnell is visitingMisses Elizabeth and Alice Barbour,at St. Matthews, near Louisville.Miss Mary Bra-nnon has 'returnedto her home in Lexington after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.Coroner Rudolph Davis, of Paris,and Dr. George L. Rankin, of Shawhan, attended the big fish fry inFrankfort, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. E. "M. Mansfield,of Groverton, Texas, are guests ofMrs. William Bryan and other relatives in this county.. Mrs. Thomas Helm Minary andchildren.of Louisville, are guests ofSquire and Mrs. ifohn J. Redmon,near North Middletown.Mrs. Rachel Sebree has returnedto her home in Louisville, after avisit to relatives and friends in theNorth Middletown vicinity.: Mr. H. H. Hughes, Jr., and children, of Louisville, are guests at thehome of Mr. Redmon Talbott andfamily, near North Middletown.Mrs. Morton Cochran and children, of Ft. Wayne, Ind., are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Thos. W. Wells, attheir home in North Middletown.Miss Katie Doyle, who has beenill at her home in this city for thepast three months, is improving, andis able to sit up part of the day.Mr. David Pence, Sr., who hasbeen seriouslv ill at his home nearParis for several weeks, is improving,and is tinw able to be ufc and sro'labout his room.Mr. H. C. Wilson and family willmove to Paris from Cyntlii'ana aboutAugust 1, and occupy the McCarneyresidence on Pleasant street, recently purchased by Mr. Wilson.Mr. Leroy McDowell, who is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hispital.in this city, where he underwent an operation sometime ago forappendicitis, is recovering, and willbe able soon to return to his home.Miss Jessie Crisp and Mr. D. Y.L. Farley, of Paris, have returnedfrom Camp Casey Jones, on the Kentucky River, near High. Bridge,where they have been members of ahouse party being entertained there.Mrs. Ada Ely, Mr. and Mrs. Jos.James, Mrs. Stanley Bagby and Dr.and Mrs. J. S. Wallingford have returned from Paint Lick, Madisoncounty, where they were recentlymembers of a house party being entertained by Mrs. Martha Ely.Mr. and Mrs. Strother D. Mitchell, of Kansas, are guests at thehome of Dr. R. D. Weaver, in NorthMiddletown. They made the tripoverland in their automobile, carrying a tent with them, and campingby the roadside and in fields, astheir fancy dictated. They reportedthe trip as being one of the most delightful they had ever taken.Mr. and Mrs. Will G. McClintockand daughter, Miss Vallette McClintock, who have been at Lake Chautauqua, New York, for several days,left Saturday for Portland, Maine,where they will remain severalweeks. Mr. .McTJlintock writes toParis friends that he has been greatly benefitted by the change in climate. One of the most brilliant socialevents in the Bluegrass this seasonwas the dance given at the LexingtonCountrv Club, last week, in honor!of Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Alexander,of Spring Station, Woodford county,and their, guests, Mrs. Thomas King, Jof New York City. The followingwere nresent from Paris: Mr. andrntn rvp-rTi yrm lome. TVTt otinStanhope Wiedeman, Miss Kate Alexander, Miss- Carolyn Roseberryan'd Mr. Charlton Clay.(Other Personals on Page 5)o:not likely to bedtice pricesof auto tiees.Xutomobile owners who receivedwi?h much joy the announcementsome weeks ago of a first cut in tireprices, and were given to understandthat further cuts would "be madeduring the summer months, are to "bedisappointed in the latter respect.Word from the big tire producingsections is to the effect that the bigtire companies have abandoned plansfor making further reductions 'inprices during midsummer.When, "late in April, a fifteen per'cent, cut was definitely agreed upon,it was tentatively decided to makeanother cut within several months,in order to -keep the industry on ahealthy basis, with respect to margin profit, rnd to give the consumer the best hreak considering thebenefits of lower rubber costs.Of late, however, the cost of cotton, fabric 'has been advancing tosuch an extent as to preclude a reduction "in-prices any further for finished tires. Consequently, the largerproducing companies will maintaina jtandpat policy as to tires, restingon present 'prices.A oPeru was fortunate during the warin having for sale one product, sugar,the demand for which never slackened. '! 0Freedom of the press wity not becurtailed, even to get rid of the insidious and unscrupulous progagandist . ' --'wcic p-"1 ""- ,; . ;, letters are coining to the AttorneyMrs. James Thompson, Mr. and Mis.4-. . m hiWv WrfVe- theWt' Stfmasn-.ptS5;VSit &, f As.v. -miilmimmmmxmr ,:. x-ttZ?:lt..mmmm5'S?if'c'i;r?r1WM:?::x?j-z-AfeV.WMSB03j!&?&t:...JjLiKENTCKIANS ENBOESED gCX) SUCCEED JUDGE WASHINGTON ,Seiator SUHljr and former HepresentatiTfe'SlieriLey, of Kentucky, calledon. Attorney-General' Palmer atWashington, to .urge the appointaientof William H. Fiel, jLquiBville.asUnited Sjtates .Circuit ;Judge tqv;sucaddiI Tf?p-P T W. "Warrii&ton. ManyI 'v'l'vi O !f kGeneral- from, Kentucky urging the.appointment of Rogers Clay, 01 Lexington. The entire Circuit court orAppeals of Kentucky has indorsedClay.cSUMMERCOMPLAINTRELIEVED.QUICKLY"About .two years asro when sufferIng from a- severe attack of summercopiplaint, I took Chemberlain's coneand Diarrhoea Remedy and it reliev-Henry Jewett, Clark Mills, N. Y. Thisis an excellent remedy for cone anadiarrhoea and should be kept athand by every family.(july-adv)O ;HORSE RACING TO BE LEGALIZEDIN CANADA.Horse racing with betting on theresults will be legalized in Canadajust as soon as a royal proclamationis issued in England announcing. theend of a state of war with Germanyand Austria, in the opinion- of ''SirAllen B. Ayles worth, former Ministerof Justice. An order in council issu-'ed June 7, 1917, prohibited racingfor the duration of the war.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDYThis medicine always wins thegood opinion, if not the praise ofthose who use it. Try it wnen youhave any need of such a remedy.(july-adv)oA cylindrical tooth brush hasbeen invented which is revolved bys.-Dluneer working through' aspirallygroovedhandle. '5Kt(ie.ilmSmmmmmMmiammmffi&m!iH'VM-2$&fttf&riMmIVMZ!&.;:pi'-i'.VWmV.rI'T.fXjii.mamil'.??j-;4lmmmSpyirr -Wmtttf'2 ifrttZl-yiv270imr.;M03AttttiIWSJu,t'Sl 4f$iMIlr,.&i.j?i:vj,rut?iijyt.i.v'1. i-iry iyvi??;Jo1..m'iUr.iZ.ir.lt.lW5i'iVp.".itimmmiiii'.ijS5csfi?Wi." JK'i1fiSKfiilfXrl1SJri?:rr.MS;&3Yi&ifjr.'.' V. .!1'.aaii? ;mB wI" ? FSffiIItifl.V-:WMS-:!?,?Wlwf-tf-i3e'm&-v3PLAN TO SOLVE LAOR PROBLEM EOS HftMr ttKOWE&SA plan which it is claimed willsolve the labor problems of CentralKentucky &emp growers and placethe industry on a paying basis willbe presented at a meeting of hempgrowers of this section to be held tomorrow (Saturday) morning at 10o'clock at the Kentucky ExperimentStation, in Lexington. John R.Humphrey, head of the Lexingtonbranch of the Federal Department ofMarkets, will present the plan.Prominent growers in Payette, Jessamine, Clark, Scott, Bourbon,Woodfowl,' Franklin and Madisoncounties have been invited. Allothers who are interested in hempare urged to be present."The Department of Markets hasmade a study of hemp marketing forthe past year and a half and now hasthe problem in such shape that it is.ready to lay itsplans before thegrowers," Professor Humphrey said.'"As a result of the plan to be offered hemp should become one' of theleading crops of the Blue Grass, instead of one steadily losing its position. The meeting Saturday is of J,111, iUlJUl VAUVV K,J VUt; XJAUIU.OIA jr Ul Ibause of the fact that it will clear up 'the whole situation." ....... , . , : m wu overwneiming, yex witnesseFor the last three years the hemp;fellftwM nn .. j&A-i. -industry in Central- Kentucky hasnot been pn a "paying basis, 'largely1ntv HAMtinl T7Mn1 ttnfl ibecause of the , scarcity and. highcost of labor. The Bureau of 'Marketshandled the crops of growers in larkand Woodford counties in 1918, getting an increase in nrice for thefibre, which amounted to $50,000 forthe whole growing area. Details ofthe plan have not 'been made publicand will not be until after the meeting Saturday.When General Foch visits the United States, the welkin will have nervous prostration from overwork afterits ringing. . .L-l lu-oAll over the English-speaking.world Hilary is -themost commonChristian name.mmnhTjtfiyithetenr.-.r.-.uvv. .vi .rn;.if?f 1KTi'l?r'-v..M? &Wk.(ft timmwii-SWiA'r-i'.m"k. "Kit Osr-1.tmimvf:'J,T,U.)5SftrrfiI?ii?X':lSrfitriuvi?unrt3fflPSTffl:nj.i3.TKS5v"C-trTS2S.Lonest to GoodnessOle Kentucky 'Burley-aged for eight seasons by Nature's way in wooden hogs-neaas. lnat s trie true story ot velvet.Judge Velvet with ypur eyes wide open. It is just thoigood old honest tobacco that it looks and smells.' But the mellow, mellow, mellowness the coolness andthe comfort of it! The taste! Well, a pipeful of Velvetproves more than awm wmv. wiuj y wvcu-the friendly:?tobaccoKENTUCKY PLAYS GREAT PARTIN JEWISH RELIEF.The $250,000 wMch Kentuckycontributed to the American JewishRelief Committee in the State campaign from April 12 to 19, is helpingbuy a new lease .of life for hundredsof thousands of hungry children andstarving adults in the countries ofEastern Europe, according to reportsjust received in New York from, Dr.Boris Bogen, an American ReliefCommissioner in Warsaw, Poland.These reports have been made publicby the American Jewish Relief Committee. More than $7,000,000 have -beenspent since January 1, by AmericanJewish Relief agencies in reliefwork in Poland, Czechoslovakia, Palestine, Siberia and the Balkins. It isnot too much to say that this sumhas saved the Jewish race from ex-,termination in Eastern Europe, aswell as brought help to thousandsof non-Jews. It has brought thestarving people there shipments offood, milk stations, soup kitchens,hospital aid, medicines and clothing.-oTwo Thing Setmed EvidentAn Irishman was brought wp forrolling aucKS. 'ine eviaenr ssrainnfct m" 1 ' ""..Iufy to his white and blameless lifena- ms stainless character. "Gentlemen of the Jury:" the jjudge summed'p, 1 think yon will agree with ,mthat the prisoner stole the ducks, anihat he is the most popular man lam oounty." .Yki WlnlThe man who is riding sixty milesper hoilr 1 a big .machine is no happier than the man who is riding thirtymilea per hour In a flivver, becanMthe man In the flivver tMnka -heels'going sixty. Cincinnati Enquirer.'"Fly across the ocean my birdie" isa popular old song, but it was not,until recently that Birdie couldmake this fly..friendly pipeful makes evennpire seem almost human'OutfitV--'9tljrx i-t-V;rT.Ct'VitiSRSye-ti'Pi)&rZJtfMmimVsfes-Jisf&sm7Vi'tev'page of print Play Ball.- ,mThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParisNteter equipment.Ambulance calls promptly atttnetaj to with ourLimtusin invalid coacrt.Hearst ustd for funtral purposes only.gajBaaaajBaaaaaaajaaaaaaa,s. -tLIBaaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaaBaaBBWM, GRANNANAttoraey-mt-LawXOOXf 401-40tFliST HIT'! J1HX KJUMM'."'V-1 .,iv"'".t J'r ,.?"-V&&?-iS3:mTit'yv-V. -' ;vyl?.iiiiiiniiiuHinton Co. I1Ky.Day' phone 36Nlsrht x . . 56or Home 366iW39KDR. WM. KENNGV-p- MJ-".i-f."Eye, Ear, Note ajTkraiitSOOXf 40MMrosTiriTiiniwtVI4ofsi1iial-tti1:.ilf;X.. 1AlftvmIC . 'tS' ',a:-wmgmMLr ww JgiPAGE KHfl i----il'rF?5'- THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PUIS,. rEHTUCTT . . .a-TUESDAY, JULY 29, IMS. '!LIvfeIDAUGHTER OF PARIS- GIRLVATTR TTRK. DEBUT,TOUnder the caption of "Most Beautiful Girl In American Society ToMake Debut," the daily papers ofMonday publishes a handsome halftone cut of Miss Geraldine Graham,of Santa Barbara, California, withthe following comment:''Miss Geraldine Graham, daughter "of Mr. and Mrs. William MillerGraham, of Santa Barbara, Calif., isgenerally acclaimed as the 'most"beautiful' young woman in Americansociety. She has lived in New Yorkforthe past two years and is tomake her 'formal debut in Newportsociety this season. At present thefamily is in California, Svhere theirvilla is one of the show places of thecoiet."Miss Graham's mother was a nativeof Paris, where, as Miss Birdie Pollock, daughter of the late Mr. andMrs, Thomas -Pollock, she reigned asa beauty, even as a child. She wasa, strikingly handsome child, whogrew into a wonderfully beautifulwoman, well-remembeTed by herformer schoolmates and friends oftheA'old home town."HAIL INSURANCE. -Hailinsurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)oBEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, "oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer -goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-t'f) Robneel Building.NOTICE-TOGarth Fund Beneficiaries.The Garth. l?und Commissioners-willmeet at -the 'County Court Housein Paris," onWednesday and Thursday,July 30 and 31, 1919at 10:00 a. m.Those now on the fund will attend the meeting on Wednesday,July 30, bringing their accountsproperly receipted and their gradesfrom, school attended past year.Nw applicants will attend themeeting on Thursday, bringing recommendations from teachers andstatements from friends with reference to financial condition.E. M. "DICKSON,C. !tt. THOMAS,: JtfX T. COLLINS.Commissioners."(291t)City Tax Levy!c-t 'City Hall Paris, Ky.," ,: June 24, 1919.TAX LEVY OF PARIS, KY.., 1919.s(1) BE IT ORDAINED by theMayor and the Board -of Council ofthe City of Paris: That there be andtherei is .hereby levied for generalpurposes for the year IMS, valoremtax of seventy-five (75c) on eachand every one hundred dollars($100.00) worth of property, real'-arid'personal within the City of Paris,Kentucky, which property is taxableby law for city purposes.(2nd) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED: That there be and. there is; hereby levied for public "school purposefor the year 1919 an ad valorem taxof fifty cents (50c) on each andevery one hundred dollars ($10$. 00)worth of property, real and personal,within the City of Paris, Kentucky,taxable by law forvcity purposes.(3rd) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED: That there be -and there ishereby levied for sinking fund purposes for the year 1919 an ad valorem tax of twenty-three cents (23c)on each, and every one hundred dollars ($100.00) worth, of property,real and personal, within the City ofParis, Kentucky, taxable by law forcity purposes which sinking fund isto be used' only for the purpose ofpaying interest on the bonds whichmature during said year, of the outstnding indebtedness of the City ofParis.'(4ih BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED: That there he and there is Ihereby levied for Hospital purposesfor the year 1919, an ad valorem taxof four cents (4c.) on each, and everyone hundred dollars ($100.00) worthnf-nronertv. real and personal, withinthe City of Paris, Kentucky, taxable Iby law ior ciiy puiijaea.rRth BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED: That there be and there is hereby levied for library purpqyas ior wreyear 1919 an ad valorem tax of threecents v 3c) on each and every onehundred dollars ($100.00) worth ofjrowty,"Tai and personal, withinthe City of Paris, Kentucky;, taxableby U by cityurpoees. -".CStflO,-B FURTHER ORDINJDD: bJrtrifcisrdinaAce shall bpcomeiiiracte on and-'irfter-the date,of it,ipartnfe;and publication as requins Jbyyla;;. ., v--j- E. 'B. JAtf UARY'Mayor.AttastV 'J . . . u ,. . . ,.INTERESTING LETTER PROM SOJOURNER AT Y. M. C. A.CAMP.One of the "youngest old men" atthe Y.M. C. A. camp at Valley View,Camp Daniel Boone, on the KentuckyRiver, is Mr. Elezar Dailey, of Paris,who accompanied 'the Paris boys tothe camp. Despite his years Mr.Dailey is '"one of the boys." "Hesends THE NEWS the following interesting letter from the camp:"Camp Daniel Boone,Valley View, Ky.,"July 23, 1919."Ed THE NEWS:"I have been down here a weekwith the Y. M. C. A. boys, and findit very enjoyable. The boys aresurely a lively set. When they'renot on their backs they are in continual motion, and there are plentyof sports to engage their activity.At 6 a. m., reveille, and in a surprisingly short time they are up andgoing 'througn witn some gymnasticstill the morning gun is fired, whenall salute the flag as it slowly risesto its place to the sound of thebugle."Beside the Inn and Lodge thereare about twenty tents on theground, each of which accommodates eight. Before breakfast thereis a Biblestudy in each tent. Thenall march to the dining room, whereare a number of tables, each seatingeight, the number in each tent. Allstand till thanks are said. Then allfall to with keen appetite. The clatter ot the dishes, the talk andlaughter make a noise that is hard onweak nerves. Then to the Chapel,where a brief service is held, and theguests "and vim with wh'ich theseyoungsters sing would be the prideof any church. It seems a survivalof the lost family worship. In fact,the boys are under the best influencefor a growing boy. Before breakfastall take a dip in the river and ateleven "and four the regular times forswimming. A barge is floated overand provided with a springing board,a ladder leads to an upper platfrmfrom which they jump or dive intothe water or shoot the chute. Twoskiffs keep on the outside of theswimmers' fo rendsr helpv if needed.Two men are n charge of the boatand those who ar6 in the Wfcter, soall is done that can be' done to safeguard those who are in the water,for the Kentucky River is a treacherous stream. With base ball, tennis,Tracing, boxing" and other sports, thetime is well put in."The place is well adapted for anouting. The main line of tents ison the second bank of the river. Onthe other side is a , limestone cliffabout 150 feet rhigh, beyond whichthe hill is "cpygred with trees. Onthis side Marble Creek enters .theKentucky -River through a.solid.rockJgorge in which is a deep recess called "The Stone Chapel," that is usedoccasionally for holding meetings.I The cliff seems to store" heat in theday and give it out at night, sopreventing fog, but in early morningyou may see the fog coming up anddown the river and over the hill.There are two large buildings, theInn and the Lodge. The Lodge contains the kitchen, dining room andchapel. At Torrent is a similar one,only large. and disfigured by a lot ofwooden benches. The Paris andNorth Middetown boys expect to behome Tuesday morning, all wellpleased with their stay. I find myhealth is improved."ELEZAR DAILEY."A BIG SAVING THAT'LL PLEASEYOU ON ALL AUTOMOBILE:. ACCESSORIES:.We save you money on auto ac-'cessories: Auto oil per- gallon 60cents. We save you from 5 to 15per cent on tires and tubes. Specialsale on refrigerators, lawn mowers,porch swings and hammocks..- - . FARMERS' SUPPLY CO,(25-2t)SPECIAL "GOVERNMENT EXHIBIT; AT BLUE GRASS FAIROne of the biggest features of theBlue Grass Fair, Lexington, September 1-6, will be the -special Government exhibit of various,fire-arms andother equipments of the Americanboys us"ed in France; "as'well' as manyarticles taken, rom the enemy. Thisexhibit will be under special armyofficers and will be Open to 'the pub-1lie free of charge during each dayand evening of the Fair. In addition a Government aeroplane pilotedby experts, whbserved both in thiscountry and in France ,will be seenin daily 'flights.o r-: HAIL INSURANCE. ,-Insure ytur tbacb agflntthall with. YERKES & PEED.. , Prtnt n stt fjfacttry ;jkIjttttmtnts. J ' , .- .. Trr : , . , .PRIVATE KES6AGES MAT NOWBE SENT TO GERMANY.Private messages can now be senti?' wn"5 - lavesJtwifch, the, A'ry of Occupation1 m Ger-:many, according iov a communicationreceived yepriaytft tB lccil West-rem -Union office: ''Heretofore there"were restrictions on M cablegrams,except those of -purely 'business na--wreoui mesp rejgLricuonflave no4w.'been riiftenV .-- - t ! ? V I-7 .J v -; ,'JULY .NO MONTH FOR BABIES fChicago, Illinois, is conducting acampaign which bids fair to. determine which is the ' best month forbabies. TVIrs. Walter S. fcrewster.vice-chairman .of The FatherlessChildren of France, and - in chargeof a national campaign to secureAmerican aid to the extent of 10cents a day for one year for 60,000little French waifs, issued an appealfor birthday donations of $3.00 tocare for a child during the donor'sbirthday month.The returns disclosed that it is almost impossible to unearth a Julybirthday. A group of children ofLake Forest Lake Forest being thewealthiest suburb of Chicago c-un-dertookto form an adoption groupof the twelve calendar months.January, February, March, and allthe other birthdays were easy to find,but no July child has yet been discovered for July children.What's the matter with July?To adopt a fatherless little Frenchwar waif which means to act as itsAmerican godmother or godfatherwhile it remains with its own motherin France or to make a birthdaydonation, write to Mrs. Walter S.Brewster, Room 635, 510 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago. Every cent donated goes "direct to the child. Thesmall expenses of the work are paidby interested friends.oDOINGS IN LODGE CIRCLESA meeting of A. J. Lovely Co.,Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,has been called for 7:30 o'clock, tomorrow night, for the purpose ofperfecting final arrangements for thevisit to be made to the PythianHome at Lexington. The trip willbe made on Sunday, August 10, andwill be in the nature of an all-dayouting in which the members of theUniform Rank and their families andsweethearts will participate.- The First Rank will be conferredon a "number of candidates at themeeting of Rathbone Lodge, K. ofP., to be held at their Castle Hall onnext Thursday . night. On lastThursday night the Knight Ranwasconferred on Mr. Richard Watson,and two applicants for membershipwere received.Dr. A. H. Keller, M. Hume Bedford,Dr. M.- H. Dailey, W. V. Shaw andCarl Snapp, of the Paris MasonicLodge, were in Georgetown, Fridaynight, where they 'assisted in intitjatory work in the Red Cross and. Temple degrees for the GeorgetownLodge.o '-rwYwrcn-RT t:ttyut?v ttf.ATTTT. NOx BETTER REfolGERATOR MADEThe New- Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opi. Court House.3B-4 PI RE vInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AglsaASHLAND VISITED BY $75,000CONFLAGRATION.Fire of undetermined. origin totally destroyed the three-story buildingof the Ogden Hardware Company, atAshland, entailing a loss of $75,000.The adjoining building of the FieldFurniture . Company was partiallydestroyed. .. Fire idepatments fromthree States, Huntington, W. Va.,Catlettsburg and Ashland, Ky., andIronton, O., responded to fight thefire.o-Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance A . t ;Thomas, Woodford & BryanLABoirMTrEROGRAJil'AT BLUEGRASS FAIR.The Blue Grass Fair, Lexington,Ky., opens September 1, which isLabor Day. The management of thefair has arranged a. specially attractive program forf that day A and willco-operate -witlv the varipus labororganizations in an effort to furnishsuch a program as has never before been witnessed in Central Kentucky. Special railroad rates havebeen .secured.2 .DSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT ;redtjced PRICESAfbig, reduction ,-on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstov.es; ovens,, .porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duringJuly.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.-q oA-VOTE'.FOR BOSWORTH WHXMEHMIFCH-TOTHE DEM-0JUEnC PARTYu , ,- yote'forIjtenry M. Bosworth forAuditor. . FTa anrl Tiia tnHmafAfriends a iforkers at the polls at all"regular-erections. The nartv needsthese kind, qt men for their nominees,"He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecanaepena one- --" (22-3t- raE-5ARRaDOTTiRa;rr5igi- i .y l , jvS ro, The Mercer County Fair ?will heheld in, Hirrodsburfor'.foiir dayscommencing Tuesdav." "and insHnf-through Friday. 3Thlsvis,9ne,-jQf -the,-few fairs that sHU lttn 'nVi&ilate in Central. Kentucky, andit hasvfoi VR h(n ei :r fv 2 valways beenbneof the1' beat. 'BOURBON MEN SUCCESSFUL ATMONTGOMERY FAIRAmong the successful exhibitors oflive stock at the Montgomery CountyFair, held in Mt. Sterling last' week,were Goff.& Rice, of Bourbon coun-Lty, who captured the following premiums:First premium on suckling heifer,first on aged cow, Lady Missie 23d;first cow and calf, Lady Missie 23dand calf; first on yearling bull, Meadow Brook Brace; first on yearlingbull, Liberty Stamp; champion cow,Lady Missie 23d; champion bull,Liberty Stamp; on premiums for anybeef breed, first on suckling calf,first on cow and calf;, for sweepstakescow, on Lady Missie 23d.RELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)Gov. James D. BlackA vote for Blackin August is a votefor Democratic success in November.HE'S A SUK WNNOt!SHIRTSinNewPatterns$2,(10.-. and$2:50See Window3iaaBaPrc&&aVaSaawI- - :: ' 'iWaist-Seam1 . . r - , - - - -.' :' WeWtarid;':m?Js purchase ijeb;; iu ivc,yuu: peuervaiuesitnan;you cau hna elsewhere.-- - , - - w -w wx.wv:4 the; new colori tones, of 'browns' tflfnenH rrokno -v r? . "r:- -mri'l i. .V,Va'7th andS.(-i',;. . .'.""-1 ", aTiiM ..w-, ...'.. . - .,-. . .rJ?H ' ' L ' -i J:JMvp. IUI(i w mu mmmr- mma imwm.tH " w ' J- .-. I3M J tW t : ', y"'m Utm'tm 'c:ffi and Main 5.?KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS -HaiBaiaaBaHaaaaaV J-Baaaaa Maii IFUTURISTWoman s Modern UndergarmentGOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarment tSimmonsFUTURIST :FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS' - Automobile DeliveryCwyriglit 1939. ' A. BKliolb Co-viiiuti.if - .ncvv - uancLus in inn--.-, w...w . svvi,Arc Walsh. Valuesto S45.00One-Pric Store1 1 'rNKnoxand'C. & K.HatsNew Fall; Styles '. '$6.00 fiandf. f$7.00theyrehere. ' focreationsVtiut;-v '1.?..Pri, Kyiu-t 1s- . v- -vrVf" ' iSuitsMenj. - - r"v ."iV-f-lt'-vI--,w"iZfrtf'K ptZr?XriF$yM'tfylr "n tWV.ii'.y--r ,J",5sAyv?J&uv -i.-j: sr n. :oT.Tl J ,t " -0'JvTHE BOTOBOIf ' JIEWS,' PABB, teHTtreTJi rT.vV?r'-PAGEHVE-TUESDAY, JULY29, 1919.5Jf iIFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL ATJD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.HAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)enJLN EASY MATTER TO KEEP COOLIf you invest in a Palm Beach orAero wave suit $15 to $18.j. Wv DAVIS & CO.'oVOTE FOE RYLAND OTSICKDemocrats in every voting precinctin the county are called upon to votefor Ryland C. Musick for AttorneyGeneral and lielp make a winningticket for November. Pass the wordto your neighbor. (29-lt)oDO WE GET IT?Robinson's Circus will pay severaltowns in Central Kentucky nextmonth, among them Maysville, on26 of August, and Lexington on Aug.30. Other towns are being booked,but Paris has not been heard from inthe deal.: oBUY YOUR PEACHES WHILE YOUCA2 GET THEM.Peaches are getting scarce youhad better get them while you can.Ieave us vcu order now.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.o rWHEAT.Off grade and good wheatWafR! B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t). RIGHT EYE REMOVED.By an operation perfoimed at theMassie Memorial Hospital, oy vr.Kenney & Stoeckenger, the right eyeof Charles W. Conrad was removed.Conrad was kicked in the face by amule while driving chickens from hisbarn near Paris. Another operationon the injured man disclosed afracture of the skull. The operations were complete successes inevery detail.! o -YOUTHFUL- COUPLE SEEK DI-VjORCE.Suit has been filed in the BourbonCircuit Court by- Mrs. Mary Masterson Reed against her husband, Wm.Tvd Reed, of Carlisle. The youngcouple Sloped" from Paris to Jefferson-JviJIe, Ind., several weeks ago anawere married. Mrs". Heed is sixteenyears old, while her husband has notvet reached his majority. Reed is ason of a well-known Carlisle tobacco,dealer. , ( i 1 Jfc4-""Miss Mary Clay and brother, Mr.Henry S. Clay, Jr., of Taylorsville,Spencer county.Mr. Robert Hite, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, was a visitor inthis city yesterday.Mrs. Charles Posner has returned from a three-months' visit to relatives in Galveston, Texas.Mrs. Frank W. Sledd, of NorthMiddletown, is a guest of Mr. andMrs. E. P. Faulconer, in Danville.The Dancing Club, of Versailles,will entertain with a dance to-nightat Midway. Several from Paris willattend.Miss Elise Kidd, of Frankfort,arrived yesterday to be a guest ofMrs. Swift Champ at her home onPleasant street.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell is visiting .-her sisters, Mrs. Lee Barbourand Miss Mabel Hill, at St. Matthews, near Louisville.Squire John M. Shropshire, ofnear Paris, attended the gun clubshoot at Louisville, Saturday. Fromthere he went to Latonia, to attendthe State tournament.Miss Anna Louise White is theguest of Miss Jennie Morgan, ofUnion City, Tenn. Miss Morganentertained very delightfully in thatcity in honor of Miss White onThursday night.Mrs. H. C. Whalen, residing onthe James H. Thompson farm, nearParis, was brought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Saturday, for treatment.Mr. Claude Carroll, who was recently operated on for appendicitis atthe Massie' Memorial Hospital, willbe removed to his home on Winchester street in a few days.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Goodman andson, James M. Goodman, of Covington, are guests at the home of Mrs.Goodman's parents, Mr. and Mrs.James McNamara, Sr., on Pleasantstreet.Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Blount, ofNew York, are spending a few weeksat their summer home, on theGeorgetown pike, near this city.They have as their guest Mrs. AlexMorgan, of Lexington.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr will entertain ather home on the Georgetown pike, near Paris, to-morrow afternoon, from three to six, in com-exander White, of Paris, Tennessee.unal family Teunion which' is to beheld the first Sunday in August atthe home of Mrs. W. O. Shropshire."Mrs. Robert Combs, of Chicago,Mrs. J. E. Hammond and daughter,Miss Jo Hammond, of Munday,Texas, and Mr. R. M. Wooley, guestof Mr. and Mrs. 0. W. Murphy, inNorth Middletown, have returned totheir respective homes.Mrs. Thomas Helm Minary, Mr.Thomas Helm Minary, Jr., and MissAmelia Minary, who have been guestsfor several days at the ' home ofSquire and Mrs. John J. Redmon,near North Middletown, returned today to their home in Louisville.They will leave Thursday to spendthe remainder of the summer atWallon Lake.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oGROCERIES OP QUALITY GOODTHINGS CHEAPER FOR CASHWe have some good bargains ingroceries this week for cash. Giveus a chance to show you. Nicefresh fruits vegetables of all kinds.One 'delivery a day commencingAugust 1st.MRS. ELLIS' GROCERY,(2t) Opp. Court House.oBIRTHS?TTo the wife of Mr. James Curtis, near Jacksonville, a son, seventhchildAt the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife of MrThomas Jones, a daughter.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Robert Dotson, formerly Miss Sons,of the county, a son, their firstborn. HUBaHaaanBanKjanMaiaHaaiiMBaMKXThe Greatest Values Ever Offered the Public of Bourbon County 1HiifSimonChange-in-BusSale!Our Entire Stock of Ready-to-Wear and DryGoods Sacrificed For Immediate ClearanceA Few of the Many Savings Offered in This -SaleLadies7 SuitsOne lot Suits, $25, $30, f35Suits, $39.50, atSuits, 50.00, atSuits, 60.00, atSuits, 69.50, at$16.98. 27,5034.7545.0049.50Ladies' Silk and GeorgetteDresses$29.50. 39.50.. 59.50Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Dresses, $39.50, at.Dresses, 49.50, at..Dresses, 75.00, at.FoundOn the streets in this city, yesterday a pocketbook containing a smallsum of money. Owner can obtainsame by calling on me at the postoffice, proving property and payingadvertising charges.(X) P. J. McCORD.-JJr Q$18. A2JD WORTH IT.You can buy Talm Beach suits atvarious prices less, but ours at$18 are tailored in such a way as tojustify price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HaEROWXY ESCAPES DROWNINGEscaping death from drowning bya narrow margin fell to the lot ofMiss Nancy Griffith, of Paris, whowas at the Boonesboro bathing beachlast week as a member of a campingparty.Miss Griffith while in bathing, gotbeyond her depth in the swift currentand -was carried down the. river ashort, distance. As.fihe.Twas goingdown -S or the tkir'dnime' Mr. M. S.Taylor, of Lexington, an expertswimer and divergent .to .her rescue aijd brought-her to th:e;shore insafety. Beyond a slight shock MissrrHffitti was unharmed, and was ableto take her place in the pleasures ofthe day shortly after." "P" "'A VOTE FOR B0SW0RTH WILLMEAN MUCH TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTYVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his intimatefriends are-workers at the polls at allregular elections. The party needsthese kind ojnen for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inTtfnvPTTiher. He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on.(22-3t)HOTTER THAN THE HOTTESTWe have experienced so very manywarm idays! this -summer.-vpt&t ' -aninetyrsix-degree, temperature "Is- be,-,coming commoBTplace.'and the- mercury will have to rise above the onehundred rcark now to promote theage-ol exclamation, "Hot enoughfor you?"..,. ' -fy.,. - :- .Butfthafs what rt has been doingalmost in the past few days,when'the mercury rose to the top al-Jmost. Electric fans afforded verymtiA'.TiiPf and absorbing large uuanrtities.df ice water only intensit edvtfte-torrld-feituation. Soft drink and-5sodfcwaterfstands did a thriving business.Yesterday the-heat-abuted somewhat,the to'trid temperature bing lifessened byia breeze which tempered the.Tieat. a -- f .4Thjweek's weather guess, aihseiifriout 'by the Weather Bureau, atWashiigtpt;4.jj6TiawsV For theOhio galley Warm, and, except foroccasioWglfcerstormarnr;rallyir.Maysville Bulletin; "Mr. CharlesConrad is in Paris, Ky., to be withhis father, Mr. G. W. Conrad, whosuffered serious injuries when he waskicked by' a horse. It was expectedthat, he. would hav-a to undergo a sur-gical operation.7-1- .Mj and Mrs. Edward Tucker, ofthe Tucker stores in this city, leftFriday, for New York, on a businessmission. They will purchase newstocks for their stor This willmake the fortieth trip Mr. Tuckerhas made to New York on a similarmission. .Mrs. Annie Lancaster, of Paris,who has been assistant ticket agentat the Tenth street passenger stationof the Louisville & Nashville, in thiscity, has been promoted to the position of ticket agent in the office atthe Union Station, in Lexington.Miss;May Kenney Webber, ofParis, is.-a member of a house partybeing entertained by MissMary Helburn, at-hejr.home on West Cumberland "avenue, in, -Middlesboro. Othermenibers pf theN party "are Misses Marion ,Seelbach', - of Louisville, andTnir'a Taafiolfo Ttannett. of "Richmond.V MfaTf5cdw.ard Fithian and brightUtile .s6n?Jof Louisville, who havebeen theVguests Df Mr. and Mrs. C. N:Fithiaji.'.or the nas sev.erai;;weeks,returned -to;j. . their- home. Sunday.;tvi taifcinnn.ftte,"oYer for the .dayland accombniedthem to Louisville".Mrs. Harry -Simon has gone.HoNew Yorkjwhere' she will remaiiifor several; daysmakin.g purchases ofstocks foMhe Paris a:nd Lexingtonstores. She was' '. accompanied ' .byMiss Mary McManan, chief designerof the Paris stpre..in the .readyto;wear department.'Mr. A. R. Johns left Sundaymorning for Cedar Point, Ohio, to at-:tend -the Convention of the National:Photographers' Association of' America. This is. the' fiftieth anniversaryof the Association,' and because ofthe fact that no meeting was heldlast- year on account of the war, a.large attendance-is .expected. ."...;Lexmgton lieaaer; mr. jLtwauitBerry entertained. sU few friends withdinner at the Country Club, Saturdayevening in honor of Miss ElizabethMillard and' 'her2 guest, Miss' Gladys'T.illv. of- Charleston, -.W. Va,-. afterdinner the party enjoyed the danceTha sruestserer Missy Miuara; missLilly,. Mr. and .Mrs. James Thompson,orBourbon county, Mr. w. a. iwia.-MJy-nthiana Log Cabin: ""Mrs.'Amanda'ChandlerJeft. Saturday for, avisit to relatives in Paris, afterawhim .she will presume .tier pqtioJL'wlth'-lne Cynthiaha Telephone Co. . .Miss -Eleanor dHaynes, of Fernbank,jbhiof'KP -tW?vcity of Misses iiiiizaDem auu.riivuwoKimbrough, has gone to Paris for avisit.".-GeorSetowat-TimesuV'DriF. W.kBfierhardt ha&'gene to Shiwban Sta-i tion, BoutDOircuunty,, ojw "StopfcVSVSkatW. His daughter, MissCarilla, will . goto, AsheviHe, N.. CU,;. ! - 'AonrnTfiittee composed 1Lost PocketbookBetween Paris and the North -RuddlesMills pike, a black satin bagcontaining a y lead-colored leatherpurse, in which was a sum of moneyamounting to ?16.99, ?14.00 beingin currency. Finder leave at BOURBON NEWS office and receive reward, i i I -. (89-tf)Administrator's Noticev All person" having "claims againstthe estate of the late Mary E. Warring,-colored, are requested 10 present them, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedadministrator for payment.All nersons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMary E. Warring are requested tocall and settle same promptly.ED. J. MARTYN,(29aug-3t) Administrator.Ladles' Wash DressesLadies' Wash Dresses, $12.50 .... $ 9.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 15.00 ... . 1 2.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 19.75 .... 16.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 25.00. . . . 1 9.75Children's White DressesChildren's Dresses, $3.50, at $2.98Children's Dresses, ;. 4.50, at 3.98Children's Dresses, 7.50. at 5.98Children's Dresses, 10.00, at 8.48-Children's Dresses, 12.50, at -1 0.98Children's Gingham Dresses$2.00 Dresses at $ 1 .69$3.00Dresses at ' 2.59$5.00 Dresses at 4.49$6.00Dresses at : 5.48Dolmans and Capes at Greatly ReducedPrices. Very Few Prices.MillineryLadies9 HatsLot No. 1, worth up to $5.00. at. . . .$ 1 .OOLot No. 2 2.48Lot No. 3 : 4.98Lot No. 4 i 6.98Ladies' SkirtsLadies!. Skirts. $10.00. at $ ' 7.98Ladies' Skirts, 15.00. at 1 2.98Ladies' Skirts, 20.00, at 1 6.98Ladies' WaistsLadies' Waists, $1.50, at.Ladies' Waists, 2.00, at.Ladies' Waists,Ladies' Waists,Ladies' Waists.Ladies' Waists,Ladies' Waists,Ladies' Waists,Ladies' Waists,LadiesLadies'Ladies'Ladies'$1.191.692;192.592.98. 3.39. 4.294.985.98Waists. 10.00. at T.98Waists, 12.50, at 9.98Waists, 15.00, at 1 2-98Waists, 17.50, at 1 4.98.ou, a l3.00, at3.50, at4.00, at5.00, at6.00 and $6.50, at7.50, at1vIIIK1m m1Ladies' Hose25c quality50c quality75c quality.19c.35c.5$cChildren's Middy DressesChildren's 'Dresses, $5.50, at...... $4.98Children's Dresses, 6.00, at 5.39THIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH ! NO CREDIT!Absolutely Nothing Taken Back, Exchanged or Sent on Approvaluuring i m 9itIIi:Dr. Avonia E, KiserAnnounces the opening of his officeAugust 1, 1919, in the First NationalEank Building for the - practice ofgeneral medicine and surgery.Special attention given to all disorders of the nervous system. (It)tnv n vis7t.v: A" committee composeof thirty members of the ShropshirerinfflrfM3w:t1 aJenkinsand made arrangements for the -an-LATEST LIST OF EDISONRE-CREATIONSThe list of RE-CREATIONS for theNe,w Edison which i& pilt otf sale thismonth is a very ihteresting'one. Theleading numbers are two wonderfulselections from Rossini's "StabatMater," which is' conceded to be oneof the finest sacre,d works ever composed. Jacques 'tfrlus, the Celebratedtenor of the Metropolitan, sings "Cujus Animam" and Alice Verlet andMargaret Matzenauer, -also operaticstars of the first . magnitude, thewonderful duet, "Quis est homo."Alice Verlet also has two attractivevocal waltzes and Arthur Middletonsings the classic character' song,"Father O'Flynn." " 'The most unusuatanjl perhaps themost satisfactory -number on this listis the old favorite "Little AlabamaCopn," sung by the. greatest operaticsoprano in the world, Frieda Hempel.She is assisted by the Old Home Singers." Marie Tiffany.' gives to wonderful Re-CREATIONS; "My Redeemerand My "Lord" and "Sing MeSleep," and Maggie Teyte, whonow the reigning. success in'-Lamin'th'e .Onera' Cbmiaue, "Monsifaucaire', j.pffera -ctwo lvat,tract4Yernegro songs, "jvia tuny neaaea uaoby?? and-'-Tse GWfrieBack to'Dixte.MrThere ,are three unique numbersufcaVed' on'untrsual musical ' instruments- . yKathlefipx ,. Mayourneei'A j$played on the zlmbalom, a kind ofmxWrn' dulcimer, which'-43 ' usually-associated with Hungarian music."Soui"ttern j-. Melodies," which Includes our "Old Black Joe," "My 014Kentucky, JHome," "Old Folks AtHome' ' and ",Mssa's an me joiu,"e6ldr,-Gr0undMare rendered on thebells by John F. Burkhardt, who isan -artist in -this style of music. ATio-or wit nanrice bvOEI. Benne Hen-ton1 H played by it& 'composer on thei L ,. -itThW balance 'of-:the program ismade-up x)t the'mos recent Broadway dance succesaes; an .extrenielyhumorous RuSe-'vvsketcm ''litv-theCounty Fair," and' a number of pop-ular-wn:blla4.anitTOargbSo;.OBEKDORFEKy Agnt.A WONDERFUL EXHIBITION OFORIENTAL RUGSThese Rugs are Being Exhibited and Sold ByMr, Mooradian, a Native Dealer and CollectorStoisIt would be almost impouible tor us to carry such a large collectionof "ORIENTALS" as Mr. Mooradian is able to skow you. TheseRugs are NOW ON EXHIBITION,, and whether you wish to buy ornot, it will be worth a trip to this store to see them.'Mr. Mooradianis a native, of the Far East the home of the wcJnderful ORIENTAL RUG. He has had experience in every part ofthe industry, from minding the sheep en the black hills of Asia tousing the ancient hand-looms that no modern machinery can imitate in beauty of tekture and pattern of fabric.'f ..i-1J.M7;iSpecialr?AddointmentsiMi i soMr. Mooradian will beglad to make specialappointments with thc deiiring bis expertadvice; Those wishing appointments ' will;please make application as early as possible..k'&' & ,-i- i- M- r. : - fU"THE!ffltMOIEITHEHPHONE3CSIXTH AN MAIML't'WW , .- .'. . ''. X 1' KOiTJiKY ..... 1 . SJXTH ANHarte-M6tor Invalid Coach-UndrtakinfI1lV1I'M,:i ,-wvf,T5I)n-A.;Wi4JWIrt v-xt -l.- X. :-., S rt' - -"?"- 'jt: -ry, t B",,' -T- .--v-y,, t-fvv --VSTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEHTUCCTv imnii"iumnpOTESDAY JULY 29, 191.PAGE SIX -naSHANKS SHOWS WHITE FEATHER-WILLNOT MEET OLDHAM IN DEBATEim3itucmJewel Pipeless FurnacesrMOST BEAUTIFUL OFBEAUTIFUL WOMENt VSpecially adapted tohomes without " furr&&"Bitter Disappointment to Me," Says His Opponent "How Can He Meet the Republicans?"Iiv jfi', x&'hiinnaces.1,068,932 DIEDIN OJN 1917Heart Disease, Pneumonia, Tuberculosis, Chief Causes.INFLUENZA HEADS EPIDEMICSXJfcf S4Ikfe;fPAs was expected liere the challenge of R. C- Oldham, candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor, to W. H. Shankshis opponent, to meet him in jointdebate at Owenton, was not accepted.The Interior Journal, published inStanford, and the paper that groom- ed Shanks for tie race, had said ifcathe would certainly be there. The'local Courier righty predicted mlast week's "issue with the statementthat "CoL Oldham is a good speaker,and we doubt that Shanks wall bewilling to cross oratorical lanceswith him.""Oldham said in an interview ithismorning: "It is a bitter disappointment to me. Since he announced Tiisfriends bave told many maliciousstories about me that I wanted explained. I did not invite him to amud slinging contest, but simplygave bim an opportunity to (explainto the people. ,...I might "have asked him about thatdisgraceful record of his as -a member of the Kentucky Legislature. Hisfriends have circulated rumors thatZEHTTTQKY WHOLESALERS .AREEXFOHTING HQTJOE TOEUROPE.Exportation of Kentucky whiskeyon a large scale, following lifting ofBritish embargoes, has been undertaken by the Kentucky Distilleries-j-nj w-rphnnse Comnany, -which isreported to have made shipments to jEngland, Ireland ana scoxianu aggregating 2-0,000 barrels.Though the concern gave out nofigures, officials said that wMskieysow being exported was contractedfor prior to last January. Withdrawals axe "being made from bondedwarehouses in Louisville and elsewhere in Kentucky.Shipments are being forwardedthrough the Collector of Customs.New York, on instructions from theNew York office of the corporation.The Government tax of $6.40 a gallon is not required on exports, theonly payment being 10 cents a barrel for, a stamp tax.TTorHner is permissible under ther- mo imbibition act. It is ex- Jpected that vast shipments will bemade overseas between now and January, when constipational prohibition becomes effective.oMenus during the war vere sub4,a tiiP nrncess of Americanization. They should not be allowed torelapse.BRIGHTRraHl j3Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Ilseoectricityfor Odbtiitd: .It's the only satisfactory wayTlse Setsfor fitatmg and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! Both.Electricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InotrDonted)A MAN AND HIS WIFEVLEVY, THE DRY CLEANSGwaberlukl Plkme Q Home Phone 169the Republicans would be able to attack me; that both candidates forGovernor would slate against me, andmany other underhand insinuations,and I was eager for an opportunityto have their champion to make thesecharges to my face and answer mineto him. I would not make any inany other manner than direct. After these rumors were proven falseand malicious they were printed innewspapers as PAID ADVERTISING,and I would have asked him to explain that. I sincerely regret that hehas dodged the issue, and can notsee how he could be expected to meethis Republican opponent should hebe the nominee and be challenged.There is no reason that can begiven why I will aiot poll the entireparty strength in November and addstrength to tie ticket, und he knowsit. I will welcome the opportunityat any time to meet any Democrat orto meet Ed Morrow or airy Republican on earth on the stump in debateanywhere in Kentucky." TheDaily Democrat. ' .Adv.lt-pd)PRESIDENT WILSON WILL PRESENT REPORT OP TREATYAFTER HIS RETURN.WASHINGTON, July 28. President Wilson does not plan to presentthe defensive treaty with France tothe Senate until after he returnsfrom his tour of the country.When the President presents thetreaty he will make an explanatoryaddress to ttie Senate.No statement was made at theWhite House with regard to chargesin the Senate recently that thePresident had violated a .section ofthe treaty by aot presenting it simultaneously with the treaty of Versailles. Senator. Lodge, in a resolution introduced in the Senate Fridaycalled upon the President to submitimmediately the text of the past under which the United States would,with Great Britain, go to the assistance of France in the event of anunprovoked attack upon her by Germany. Indications are now that thePresident would start on his westward trip about August 10, althoughit was made clear this was purelytentative' and that the exact datewould depend upon developments inWashington during the next fortnight. President Wilson was considering a" week-end cruise on he,yacht Mayflower, the weather beingideal for a voyage to HamptonHoards.There seemed to be some doubt atthe White House as to whetherall Republican Senators would be invited to confer with the President.Senator Warren, of Wyoming, andone or two other Senators are allthat the President has planned tosee in the immediate future.WORLD'S SMALLEST BABIES(Pearson's Weekly)The tiny Flemish baby foundalive and kicking by our troops in apartially destroyed farm buildingand which weighed, we are told,"just under two pounds," is not byany means the smallest edition ofhumanity on record.A child exhibited at one of themeetings of the British ObstetricalSociety, weighed just one and aounces. A five-shilling pieceTimes once announced the birth of aliving baby that weighed exactlyone pound.Even this little mite, however,was beaten as regards smallness bythe son of Dr. C. Miller, of Candelaria, born October 27, 1882, and whoweighed only eight and a quarterquarter ounces. A 5-shilling pieceentirely hid its little face and itsmouth was too small to admit an ordinary lead pencil.Another tiny, baby 'boy born toMr. and Mrs. Charles Tracy, ofKingsbridge, turned the scale at tenounces. Its head was no bigger thana horse chestnut, the mother's wedding ring would slip easily up itslegs and thighs.The child of Mrs. Marion Poe, whoby the way, lived to grow into a finehealthy man, measuring like his father over six feet in height, was atbirth "no bigger than a small waxdoll." Its head was exactly the sizeof an ordinary bagatelle ball and themother's ring would slip up the armas high as the shoulder.may both derive saiisfactionby having heir worn and soiledgarments cleaned by ub. Thecost is nominal, while pie pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you iare effecting a greatving, must purely satisfy you.j A phone brings us.Census Bureau's Compilation of Mortality Statistics Made Public DeathRate From Heart Disease Shows No-ticeable Decrease as Compared"With 1916 Next to Influenza Highest Death Rate From Epidemic Disease Was Diphtheria.The census bureau's annual compllation of mortality statistics for thedeath-registration area in continentalUnited States shows 1,068,932 deathsas having occurred in this area in,1017, representing a rate of 14.2 per1,000 of population.Of deaths, nearly one-third weredue to three causes heart disease,pneumonia and tuberculosis and nearly another third resulted from the following nine causes: Bright's diseaseand nephritis, apoplexy, cancer, diarrhoea and enteritis, arterial diseases,influenza, diabetes, diphtheria andbronchitis. The death-registrationarea of the United States In 1917 comprised 27 states, the district of Columbia and 47 cities in non-registrationstates, with a total estimated population of 75,000,000, or about 73 percent of the estimated population of theUnited States.Fewer Die of Heart Disease.The deaths from heart disease (organic diseases of the heart and endocarditis) numbers 115,337, or 153.2 per100,000 population. The death ratefrom this cause shows a noticeable decrease as compared with 1916, when itwas 159.4 per 100,000. There havebeen fluctuations from year to year,but in general there has been a markedincrease since 1900; the earliest yearfor which the annual mortality statistics were published, when the rate forheart disease was only 123.1 per 100,000. Pneumonia (including broncho-pneumonia)was responsible for 112,881deaths, or 149.8 per 100,000. This rate,although much lower than that for1900 (180.5) or for several succeedingyears, Is higher than that for any yearduring the period 1908-1916. The lowest" recorded rate for pneumonia was127 per 100,000 in 1914. The mortality from this disease has fluctuatedconsiderably from year to year since1900, the general tendency havingbeen downward until 1914 and. upwardfrom 1914 to 1917. 'Tuberculosis In its various formscaused 110,285 deaths", of ivhlch 97,047were due to tuberculosis of the lungs.The death rate from all forms of tuberculosis was 146.4 per 100,000, andfrom tuberculosis of the lungs 128.9.The rate from tuberculosis of all formsdeclined continuously from 200.7 per100,000 in 1904 to 141.6 per 100,000In 1916, the decrease amounting tonearly 30 per cent ; but for 1917 an increase is shown. Until 1912 moredeaths were due to tuberculosis thanto any other single cause, but in thatyear and during the period 1914-1917the mortality from tuberculosis wasless than that from heart diseases, and tIn 1917 It fell below that from pneumonia also.Cancer Fatalities Greater.Cancer and other malignant tumorscaused 61,462 deaths, of which number23,413, or 88 per cent, resulted fromcancer of the stomach and liver. Therate from cancer has risen from 63per 100,000 in 1900 to 81.6 in 1917.The increase has not been continuous, there having been three years1906, 1911 and 1917 which showeddeclines as compared with the yearsImmediately preceding. The decreaseIn 1917, as compared with 1916, however, was very slight from 81.8 to81.6. It should be borne in mind thatat least a part of the increase in thedeath rate from cancer may be apparent rather than real, being due to agreater degree of accuracy in diagnosis and to greater care on the part ofphysicians in making reports to regierifaonofncials. Influenza was responsible for 12,074deaths, or 17.2 per 100,000. This rateIs the highest shown for any epidemicdisease in 1917, but is much lower thanthe corresponding one for ttte preceding year, 26.4 per 100,000. The Influenza rate, which fluctuates greatly, washighest in 1901, when it stood at 32.2,than in any subsequent year prior tothe occurrence of the recent epidemic.Next to that for influenza, the highest rate appearing for any epidemicdisease in 1917 was for dlptheria, 14.5per 100,000, representing 12,453 deaths.The rate froip this disease was somewhat higher ip 1917 than in the preceding gear, wjaen it stood at 14.5 per100,000.Bronchitis caused 12,311 deaths,- or16.3 per 100,000. This rate Is lowerthan that for any preceding year ex- Icept 1916, when it was 16.0. The proportional decline from 1900, for whichyear the bronchitis rate was 45.7, to1917, amounting to 64 per cent, wasgreater than that shown for any otherimportant cause of death.Typhoid Fever resulted in 10,113deaths, or 18.4 -per. 100,000. The'mortallty rate from this cause also hatshown a remarkable reduction since'1900, when it was 35.9, the;prqpprliettal decrease amounting to'3 per'etThis highly gratifying decline demonstrates 'in a slriWmg' Hinder J the eflbciency of -improved sanitation. -to $ti ' Aw fits k 4. H. 'W1CPIAaWMiss Hiriam Sabbage was the winner of Daily Mirror's beauty competition among the most beautiful Londonsocial leaders at the Savage club derbyday ball, at which dazzling and uniquecostumes were worn.the modern method of prevention theuse of the antityphoid vaccine.The greatest number of deathscharged tp any one accidental cause11,114, or 14.8 per 100,000 is shownfor falls. The rate for this causevaries but slightly from year to year.Next to falls, the greatest number ofaccidental deaths 8,649, or 11.5 per100,000 resulted from railroad accidents and injuries.The following table shows, for thedeath-registration area in continentalUnited States in 1917, the total number of deaths and the death rate, byleading causes, together with the percentage which each cause contributedto the total.Bate per100,000 Pet. ofpaue No. popTn.total.All causes 1,068.932 1,419.4 100.0Organic diseases of theheart 115.337 153.2 10.8Pneumonia (all forms) 112,821 149.8 10.5Tuberculosis(all forms) 110,285 146.4 10.3Tuberculosis of thelungs 97,047 128.9 9.1Tuberculosismeningitis 6,092 8.1 0.6Other forms of tuberculosis 7,146 9.6 0.7External causes 81,953 10S.8 7.7Accidental falls 11,114 14.8 1.0Suicide 10,056 13.4 0.9Railroad accidents andinjuries 8,649. U.5 0.8Burns (excluding thosedue to conflagrations) 6,830 9.1 0.6Automobile accidentsand Injuries 6,724 8.9 0.6.Homicide 5,781 7.7 0,6Accidental drowning.. 5,550 7.4 0.5Accidental absorptionof deleterious gases,except in conflagration S.375 4.5 0.3Mine accidents and in-juries 2,623 3.5 0.2Injuries .by vehiclesother than railroadcars, street cars andautomobiles 2,326 3.1 0.2Street car accidentsand injuries 2,277 8.0 0.2Machinery - accidentsand Injuries 2,112 2 8 0.2Effects of heat (otherthan burns) 1,964 2.6 0.2Other external causes 12,572 16.7 1.2Acute nephritis and "Bright's disease 80.912 107.4 7.Cerebral hemorrhage(apoplexy) 62,431 82.9 5.9Cancer 61,452 81.6 5.8Diarrhea and enteritis 69,604 79.0 5.CCongenital debility andmalformations 56,973 75.7 t.iArterial diseasesatheroma, aneurism,etc 19,055 25.3 1.8Influenza 12,974 17.2 1.2Diabetes 12,750 16.9 1.1Diphtheria '12,453 16.5 1.1Bronchitis 12,311 16.3 1.1Measles 10,745 14 3 10Typhoid fever 10,113 13.4 O.fAppendicitis an.d typhlitis M2J 12. 0JRespiratory organs .other than pneu-monia and bronchitis ' t,2H 12.3 0.9Hernia andlntestinalobstructions 8,177 U.5 O.gCirrhosis of the liver. $.569 11.4 0.8Whooping cough t 7,837 10.4 .?Puerperal , affections A .other than puerperal fBsepticemia 7,817 9.7 O.tMeningitis 6,890 S.l 0.6Puerperal septicemia. I.tll ;6S $iRheumatism 4,456 5.9 0.4Scarlet fever ....7...... 3,141 4.2 o!sErysipelas .... 2,866 3.8 0.3Malaria 2,S87 8.2 . 0.2All other definedcauses 147,235 195.5 13.8Unknown or ill-definedcauses 13,610 18.1 18Automobile Death Rate Grows.Deaths from automobile accidentsand injuries in 1917 totaled 6,724, or8.9 per 100,000 population. This ratehas risen rapidly from year to year,but not so rapidly as the rate of increase In the number of automobilesin use.Deaths due to accidental asphyxiation (except in conflagrations) numbered 8375, or '4.5 per 100,000. Thisrate is somewhat hlgher than thatfor any .year -during the precedingten--yearperiod. . ...Hot weather caused. 1,964 deaths, or2.6 per 100,000. Thls'rate is considerably above those for most of theyears covered by the bureau's records, but is somewhat Wwer -than 2.$In 1916'mndis far below 5.3 in IBM.The rate from" this cause naturally a-rrids greatly from year foyearn JCare far Sick 'Soldier.Uncle Sam will provide sanatoriimand hospital care for all the boys dis-..charged from army or naval service; aafar as their sickness or disability wascontracted In the-service of their country. the United States public healthservice has already undertaken thisstupendous task and is busily enlacedin enlarging its, hospital fadlitiea allrer the country.For Sale ByT. W. SPICEROpposite Court House, Paris, Ky,"gEoTw DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky:i BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietorsin Telephone No. 4a Ii The Bourbon LaundryxParis,MlSTATE IN SIX DISTRICTS FORPARENT TEACHERS5 CAM-PAIGN.An intensive membership campaign for the Parent-Teachers Association will he conducted duringSeptember and October. The Statehas been divided into six districts,with headquarters at Ashland, Lexington, Henderson, Louisville. Bowling Green and the Purchase.o 'Four prizes of $2,500 each, offeredby the London Daily Mail for designsfor model dwellings, have beenawarded.Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.Southern Optical Co.Incorporated'Manufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLFS ANDEYE GLASSESKrjpteki Artificial EyeInvisible Bifocal Let4th A Chtttnut Stu,LOUISVILLE, KY.i4444444AAAAAAAA4AAAAAAAAAA--- --' V WWIxT-mRequires no pipingnor wall cutting.A new popular pricedand efficient heatingsystem.Easy to install- ecnomical to operate.iX.IIIX6X!iLaundrytWest Fifh StreetIIIIIIXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!',- With all the latest improvei ments in laundry appliances' and exDert hetoers we areM piCpdiCU lJ UU WUIH JJJJ.C-J rior 'to none, and solicit3 your patronage.It vilWMrrv.-! r r im rir imAKentuckyXISale Prices!Bungalow ApronsThe"$1.98 kind at $ 1 .47Wash WaistsThd $lr75 kind at $ 1 .3CorsetsValues up to $5.00go at $1.23Ladies' and Children'sHatsThree assortments$2.89 $1.49 $1.98Watch Our WimtewsTWIN BROS.Department Stere7th ami Main Paris, KyINTE&TJBBAN SCHEDULECAES LEAVELexinstonHforTuisParis Porm lexinetonA. M. 6:45A. M:G.OOx7:208:50A. M.A. M.A.A.A.7:15x8:159:45A. M. 10:20M.A. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.11.501:202:504:206:007:209:1011:00A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M.P. M.P. M.T. M.P. M.P. M.2?153:455:156:508:1510:05(x) Daily excit Suaday.rEHTTjcrr ritetto -awd 7texmr al compajtt ;vT," .SLns---,-MWI-K,vl'thV,'('tv.v -'--M'trMr TUESDAY, JULY 29, 1919.THE BOU1B0H HEWS, ?A1IS, XEHTOCETPMiflPnofV4JL.r.:&ZSTJMMEECOMPLAINTBEEN.IN CHILtThere is not anything like so manydeaths from, this disease now as before Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy came into such general use. When this remedy isgiven with, castor oil as directed andproper care is taken as to diet, it issafe to say that fully ninety-nine outof every hundred cases recover. Mr.W. G. Campbell, of Butler, Tenn.,says: "I have used Chamberlian'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forsummer complaint in children. It isfar ahead of anything I have everused for this purpose." '(july-adv)HOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be Hadit- , . -MftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against1 FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesiA. J. FEEAGENTWilmoth'sFreshHome.Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMekts,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffiaxees aneasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376WeDUQUESNE LIGHT COMPANY(Pittsburgh)First Mortgage Collateral Trust 6 BondsDue July 1, 1949- .Price 100 and Interest Yielding 6James C. Willson & Co.210.3. FIFTH STREETvtrPROM DEFENDANT .-TO THE CAPITALISTDave Broderick's Prosperity DatesFrom Day He Was Haled IntoPolice Court and FinedIt was the luckiest day of DaveBroderick's life when, on & disturbance of the peace charge, he washaled before Justice Piper, in the Nio,rn Falls. N. Y., police court andsentenced to pay $12 weekly for sixmonths.. Dave looked aghast and said itsimply "could not be did.""All right," said the judge, "sixmonths on the rock pile for yours,"and he adjusted his spectacles, dipped his pen in ink and started towrite.Dave, the defendant, did some talliiiHm? and he did it quickly.fci" 07 ... ., i"Six months artne wonts, u laminated, "and not a cent ot pay!And this old codger says that for meif I do -not buy ?12 worth of WarSavings Stamps every week for sixmonths 26 weeks. That guy wasTight life is just one darn thing after another. But I reckon it is bestto lose $12 per week than $30.So Dave halted the Court."All right, yer Honor, I give up."."I'll buy .War Savings Stamps.T,irp Piner smiled grimly wnenv ni.n;nci "hp Trnr.ess which re-Jauired that payments be made promt-ly, failure of which meant the works,and when final payment was maae,Dave was to get W. S. S. for the fullamount he had paid in.When the six months had elapsed,Dave again said, "good morning" tothe judge. But this time he entereda voluntary appearance."Judge, yer Honor," said Dave, nolonger a defendant, "you sure did mea favor when you sentenced me topay that $12 per week. I did notbelieve I could save a dollar a week.But I got through and now I see Ihave enough to make first paymenton the home that me and the oldwoman have wanted ever since wewere married. And now I sentencemyself to buy $10 a week of the sameWar Savings Stamps until we get thehouse paid for."Police judges in other cities aretrying out Judge Piper's plan and itis found workable everywhere.oSIGNALS OF DISTRESSParis People Should Know How toRead and Heed Them.Disordered kidneys give many signals of distress.The secretions may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometimes frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnight. ' .' ' r ,Headaches and dizzy, -spells may occur. Weakened kidneys should receivequick help.Don't delay! Use a special kidneyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys, backache and urinary aisorders. Paris .evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, LillestonAvenue, says: "I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.There was a constant, dull ache inmy back all the time and often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsometimes seemed as though I couldhardly endure the misery. I trieddifferent remedies with no results. Iheard of Doan's Kidney Pills and procured them from the Ardery DrugCo. The first box neipett me ana 1continued taking them until cured.Attacks since then have always beenslight. Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me.".Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills-1 the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)-oFirst Wedding Veil.The first wedding veil was calledthe "flammeuin." It was a large yellow veil that completely covered theGreek and Roman brides during themarriage ceremony. The bridal wreathof orange blossoms, which Is the conventional thing today, was introducedinto Europe by the Crusaders, and isa Christian substitute for the gilt coronet worn by the Jewish brides.Eliminated.When a young man advises a girl totake boxing lessons she need not wasteher time in figuring on a proposal fromhim. Detroit News.When a fellow admits that he'sgetting along swimmingly, he's merely referring to the weather, not toj his personal fortunes.. PThere are so many kinds of softdrinks that it is necessary for a manto be sober to remember what hewants to order.OfferLOUISVILLE, KY.DISCHARGED SERVICEMEN TO GET AIDDistricts Named Where War RiskInsurance Beneficiaries MayBe Treated,Organization of fourteen medical districts, where discharged soldfers, sailors and marines who are beneficiariesof the war-risk insurance act may ob-ta"in necessary treatment, was announced by Surgeon General Ireland.The districts will be under the supervision of the public health service,and a health officer will be In chargeat each headquarters.The districts, territory, covered andofficer in charge are as follows :Boston customhouse Maine, NewHampshire, Vermont, Massachusettsand Rhode Island; Surgeon W. W.King.New York, 280 BroadwayConnecticut, New 'York and New Jersey; Surgeon F. C. Smith.Philadelphia, 410 Chestnut streetPennsylvania and Delaware; SurgeonG. L. Collins.Atlanta, Chamber, of Commercebuilding North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida;Past Assistant Surgeon J. A. Watkins.New; Orleans 409 Audobon buildingAlabama, Mississippi and Louisiana ;Past Assistant Surgeon C. H. Waring.Cincinnati, 705 Neave buildingIndiana, Ohio and Kentucky; SurgeonD. B. Robinson.Chicago, 512 Garland building Illinois, Michigan and Wisconsin; Dr.Bert W. Caldwell.St. Louis, 1601 Syndicate Trustbuilding Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas andMissouri; Past Assistant Surgeon W.C. Witte.St. Paul, 744 Lowry building Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakotaand Montana ; Surgeon H. M. Bracken.Trinidad, Colo. Wyoming, Utah,Colorado and New Mexico; SurgeonFrederic J. Pierce.San Francisco, Marine hospitalArizona, Nevada and California; Surgeon John D. Long.Portland, 905 Electric buildingWashington, Idaho and Oregon; Dr.E. E. Cable.San Antonio, Texas Oklahoma,Texas and Arkansas; Surgeon O. H.Gardner.Philippine islands, Manila Past Assistant Surgeon L. R. Thompson.Porto Rico, San Juan Porto Ricoand the Virgin islands ; Assistant Surgeon Carl Michel.SOVEREIGNS TO VISIT 0. S.King and Queen of Belgium Will Cometo America in September.- Before President Wilson left Belglum it was announced that King Albert and Queen Elizabeth, had acceptedhis invitation to visit the UnitedStates. The Belgian rulers will probably arrive in America in Septemberand remain throughout October for thefirst session of the League of Nationsin Washington.King Albert of Belgium visited theUnited States 20 years ago. The present king was then a prince and spentnearly 12 months in this country as atourist and newspaper correspondent.BEAT WIVES IN GERMANYThrashings by Husbands CommonAmong Middle and Upper Classes.Wife-beating is quite common anlongthe German middle and upper classesand the law of Prussia sanctions according to Henry de Halsalle, authorof a recent work on Germany.Halsalle said he once stayed a fewdays in the home of a Berlin merchantand one evening he heard a womancrying upstairs, followed by the soundof blows. Upon asking his host thecause of the commotion, the authorwas Informed that the woman had justreceived her weekly thrashing, whichshe got every Saturday night.CARRIES MAIL AT 83Octogenarian Has Delivered Letters 24Years and "Is Good for 24 More.""Uncle Carl' Miller of Thomasville,Mo., eighty-three years old, has beenawarded a four-year contract to carrythe United States mail between Altonand Thomasville. The octogenarianhas carried the mail over this routecontinuously for 24 years, and he asserts that he Is good for 24 more years.During that time Miller has witnessedi many changes in his route.Much of the forebt that skirted theroad on both sides when he first tookup his duties has been cleared andgiven over to farms. The roads havechanged from mere trails to gradedhighways. - ;CAUGHT TROUT IN SLEEPFisherman Tied Tackle to Hl3 Toe andThen Went to Bed.Tying aline, with a well-baited hookon it, around his big toe and tossingthe cord out of the window, Donald F.Whipple of Watertown, NT Y., went tobed. About two o'clock in the morninghe was awakened, by a tug and pulledin a four-pound lake trout, whichwas served for breakfast.Utah to Enforce .Anticigarette Law.The state agencies of Utah have begun a vigorous campaign for the enforcement of the anticigarette law.One argument helping to defeat thedrastic cigarette law in the recent session of the legislature was that existing laws were not enforced.1THE"UNTVE'R&Ai3:STOCKING BANK DISCARDEDAmericans Have Learned ThatMoney Not Workine is Markof Improvidence andWastefulness,"Americans," says a man who hasread, studied and traveled widely,"frequently are accused of lackingthe habit of saving. Comparisons,unfavorable to Americans, alwaysare being made between the savinghabits of United States residents andthose of various European countries,-nofahiv France. Holland and Belgiunu Now admitting that manyt.heRfi accusations are true, theanswer is not far to seek."The people of France, Hollandand Belgium have saved, in largemeasure, because saving is the century strengthened habit of theirpeople. They have saved because,money coming less freely to themthan to Americans, y their moneymaking opportunities being fewer,the stern necessity for making provision for the future has beensternly pressed upon them. Andthey have saved also, perhaps in afar greater degree than might generally be suspected, because theyhave had good investments Government investments always waiting,in small denominations, to be had."There is much truth in this statement. The First, Liberty Loan represented practically the first generalAmerican opportunity for investingin government securities. When thebonds of that first issue had beenpurchased, many of them throughpart payments, countless Americancitizens for the first. time had tastedthe joys of steady, systematic saving.The second loan found them readyand willing buyers. So did theThird and Fourth Liberty Loanissues. Tlie Victory Loan met withthe hearty approval of the thoughful small investor, who had learnedthe small-savings lesson thoroughly.Many a person, who prior to the FirstLiberty Loan, has never saved systematically, now buy war savingStamps as' regularly as the week's salary is paid. ,The "stocking bank," the teapoton the top. pantry shelf were out offavor as family strongholds sometime - since. The American peoplepeople learned to bank their smallsavings. Now governmental investment opportunities oemg uucu,they ai e becoming government stock-solders in an increasingly B""luuascale.rOLOSS OF APPETITE.As a general rule there is nothing. a -f nnnaHto fJTlnSeriOUS aDOUl a luaa ul ayy",if you skip a meal or only eat twoni n Hnv fafU few days you willsoon have a relish for your mealswhen meal time comes. Bear inmind that at least five hours shouldalways elapse between meals, so asto give the food ample time to digestand the stomach a period of rest before a second meal is taken. Then ifyou eat no more than you crave andtake a reasonable amount of outdoor exercise every day you will notneed to worry about your appetite.When the loss of appetite is causedby constipation, as is often the case,that should be corrected at once. Adose of Chamberlain's Tablets willin if. (july-adv)There's nothing of which the baldman is more proud tlian the last picture showing him Tvith.a heavy headof hair.ARRUGGLES16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.wthe MccormickImproved Mowerss vjusfcii; -:yMmrrrMjm-a9asfmim- - izw&vF&rM m Mi'FSiw&ks.ys5:vw&r srss&y&s&ii'm&fflmmw-WisaBBmm- amm&smWfc?3&zz3WMmati AMBnLBKSgim&2LSave Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyby using the ImprovedCormick Mower. It'doeswork and does it right,Cormick users havetrouble or worry.Sj&."C. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets,The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Day-Let us analyze his qualifications:always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker orrany ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emsrstmcy.He will go far beyond the confines of. the town and bring to you -in"amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good proa. .pective customers.He will summons the railroad,onds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c- Piday; in place of business froa 10 to 12c per day. te&Paris Home Telephone & TelegrafhCompany""' - (Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. , W. H.vCanao, Localf-4Mcthe Mono' ismHe i3 polite, intelligent, willing,boat or theatre ticket In a few sc-,tln4x41An)-J"if,A. ir-Hf-.in -i.ssS"r!?Visr-T'1 s-j.-a. '"''X rr T '-".7MEH6HTthe somtBOir mews, puis, kehtwktTUESDAY JTCLY 29, lllt. -l.T r f Tf..i fy4'i-i-vr.iiirr5V.F';-RELIGIOUS..rJTli.e, Missionary Society of theParis Christian church will meetjFriday with Mrs. Russell Mann, atier home, corner of Pleasant andSeventh streets.A revival meeting will begin inlift) Leesburg Christian church onfirst- Sunday in August. Rev. "WV N.Brinley, of Louisville, will preach atthe services. Sermons at 11:00 Sunday-morning and every night duringthe week at 8:00. Everybody welcome and invited to attend.The following were recentlyelected officers of the North Middletown Christian church: EldersHenry S. Caywood, James C. Bryanand James O. Evans; Deacons "Vym.Redmon, John W. Young, MagnusRash, Fancy Laughlin, Wm. R. Tuttle, Tilden H. See, Gilbert H.' Cook,R. Graham Young, Robt. G". Jones,"Frank W. Sledd and Wm: W. Gay.The Church Board of the- ParisChristian church has contracted withthe Estey Pipe Organ Company, ofBrattlesboro, Vermont, for- a newpipe organ for the church. A" specialcommittee appointed for the purposeof making a selection decided on thismake of instrument, which is undercontract by the makers to be ininstalled by December 20. Mr. S.Uwight Smith, of Pittsburg, Pa., oneof the noted organists of the day,will give an organ recital' when theinstrument is installed. The new organ will cost $6,000. Of thisamount $2,000 has been contributed"by Mr. Edward T. Hinton, in memory of his 'daughter, the late Mrs.Elizabeth Hinton Talbott wife of MrWilliam M. Talbott, who was foryears a member of the church choir.oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN EURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods, and of the best makes,hut must be sold to make room forfall goods the big reductions during July,E. M. WHEELER,C-tf) Robneel Building.o--IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mrs. T. D. Berkley, of Paris, received a letter from her brother, Mr.James E. Price, stating that he w.asenjoying a five-days' furlough, inParis, France. Ho is a sailor on theU. S. S. Minnesota, and had madefour trips across the ocean,-. There is on display in the showwindows of Daugherty Bros, a collection of koda views made on andnear the -battlefields of that country.and in Belgium by Capt. (Drr) Jas.A. Orr, and Lieut. J. W. Waller, bothof Paris. The collection is an interesting one, showing as they; (to someof Jae many phases of the old country; One of the views shows .theMasonic ceremony being performedat the grave of Capt. Reuben B.Hutcbcraft, at which Capt. Orr officiated.. This picture was 'made byLieut,- Waller. The views "arev-aried. in character and altogetherone of' the most interesting that hasbeen placed, om display here.oGifiRTHTUND BENEFICIARIES TOv MEET TOT-MORROW.Eles where in this issue of THENEWS will be found the advertisement of the Garth Fund" Commissioners, requesting the present beneficiaries to -meet them in the courthouse in this city at ten o'clock tomorrow (Wednesday morning, JulyS'Q", and the- new applicants for thefund at the same hour oik the following day, Thursday, July 31. Especial attention is called by the'Commissioners to the request thattnpse now on the fund bring theirExpense accounts, and also their reports of last year's school work.cvS OF U. SUMMER SESSION WILL"u END AUGUST 1."The summer session at the UnivjerSity of Kentucky, which is being attended by a number of students fromParis, will close on Friday, August-lland examinations will begin nextThursday. The speaker for nextweek will be Dr. Henry E. Jackson,6J tie Bureau of Education, at Washington, D. C, a specialist in community organization and student of reconstruction problems.DELIVERS AUTO TO PARISPRIZE WINNER.. . Mrs. Howard B. Carr, of Paris,irho was one of the successful con' testants in The Lexington Herald'scontest, will receive this j week an'.Oakland Sensible Six car, which wasawarded her as a. prize. Mr. H. A.Cobb, manager of the Dixie Automobile Co. Lexington agents for theOakland, returned from Cincinnati-,t Saturday, with the machine.-oKW-H0JUr 3UIX IN ENGLAND3RDCGS $50,000.Catttle Are selling in London,Wm&Ki", at remarkably 'high prices!At the RH Agricultural Show artbwm fcw4Iwa Qld for $50,000.Z - !. .DEATHS.HUBBARD.The funeral of Dailey Hubbardaged seventeen, son of Mr. andJMrs.William Hubbard, of .Millersburg',who died at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, following a shortillness, was " held Sunday afternoonat three o'clock in the ' Methodistchurch. The burial followed in theMillersburg Cemetery. Besides .hisparents he is survived by three sis:ters and three brothers.GRAVES.Mrs. Ellen Graves, aged forty,wife of Mrs. Tiney Graves, died ather home near Hutchison, thiscounty, Saturday, following a longillness. She was a daughter of William and Elizabeth Simms Willoughby. She is survived by her husband,three daughters and six sons. Thefuneral was held yesterday afternoon at two o'clock with services conducted at the grave in the Old UnionCemetery, by Rev. Joseph Myers.SAGESERThomas Lloyd Sageser, aged ten,died Saturday night at the home ofhis narents. Mr. and Mrs. CharlesSageser, near Old Union, following along illness due to dropsy.Besides his parents he is survivedby three brothers and one sister.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the OldUnion Cemetery, by Rev. JosephMyers.SKILLMAN.Mrs. Emily Bolson Skillman, aged thirty-seven, wife of Mr. Ben F.Skillman, Jr., of this city, died at4:30 o'clock, yesterday afternoon ather home on Second street, after ashort illness of appendicitis.Mrs. Skillman was a daughter' ofMr. and Mrs. Junius Bolson, whoformerly lived near Iiittle Rock, thiscounty, where she was born on June13, 1882. She was married to Mr.Skillman several years ago, and, accompanied him to the South, wherehe was engaged in business for awhile.Besides her husband, she is survived by her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Junius Bolson, and two brothers,Mr. J. I. Bolson and Mr. Albert Bolson, both of St. Louis, Mo.The funeral will be held at theresidence this (Tuesday) afternoon,"at 4:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church. The interment will follow in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers will be Mason Talbott, Roy McCray, HiramRedmon, Ben Shropshire, Chas. -A.McMillan and Pearce Paton.A marriage "license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Ben Martin,20 and Miss Annie Kenton, 24, bothof Nicholas county.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, Friday, to Mr. ElmerLyons, Harrison county, farmer,and Miss Bessie Hill, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Adam Hill, of the samecounty.The following announcement jolthe engagement of two well-knownyoung people, has been authorized bytheir parents:"Mr. and Mrs. James A. Butler, ofMillersburg, Ky., announce the en-agement of their . daughter, Mec-Lona, to Mr. Ireland Davis, of ParisrKy. The wedding will take place inthe early fall."REVENUE MEN WILLHOLDTHEIR POSITIONS.Collector of Internal Revenue Elwood Hamilton, who has been madethe official head of the Internal Revenue Service for Kentucky, said Saturday that every officer in the servicewill on August 1 be reappointed temporarily, and will receive the same.salary as before the ''change in thecollectors recently made by Commissioner Roper. Two of the number,O. P. Carter, Jr., and Chas. McCarthy, are former residents of Paris.The sale of stamps of aU kinds willbe discontinued at' the Collector'soffice between the dates of July 29and August 1, in order that the officemay be checked up, and , arrangements made for the 'work under thenew system.Collector "Hamilton will make hishome in Louisville after takingcharge of the office of ttie Fifth Kentucky, the name "determined upon,instead of, as was first planned, theKentucky District., ' .While formerly there were five collector's offices in this State -there willnow be eight, all under the juris-1diction of the main office at Louisville. Each office' will be under thcharge of a "division deputy, and under these will be the chief deputiesof whiofe only one, . W. F. Grayot,now in the Lexington office, has beennamed. No appointment will be madefor the position of division deputy toMATRIMONIAL.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildrtn and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cINTERESTING OH NOTESCharles P. Mann, of Paris, salesagent for the Lee-Kent Oil Co., received a telegram from theif fieldagent at Beattyville, stating that another well on their lase has been"shot" and that it proved to be apromising prospect.,The McCombs Producing & Refining Company, at a recent meeting ofthe Board of Directors at its newlyconsolidated offices in Louisville, declared a quarterly dividend of 6 percent for the months of April, Mayand June, payable on August 21. tWhile not up to the record, production of oil from the' Kentuckyfields Continues satisfactory. For theLweek ending 'July 19, CumberlandPipe Line Company reports total runsof 110,324.16 against 120,934. 37Uhepreceeding week, or ajlecrease of 10,610.21 barrels.Recent oil developments in the vicinity of Torrent, Wolfe county,where the big well of the Huff OilCompany was brought in severalweeks ago and several smaller butgood producers have been struck onadjacent leases, are turning the stepsof prospectors and operators to thatterritory and it is expected that thissection will soon be the scene of4much drilling activity.The water situation in the Leecounty fields is reported to be veryacute at the present time owing tolack of rain in that section. A wellknown oil man, who visited that section the past week, reports ridingdown Big Sinking Creek for a distance of five miles without findingenough water to give his horse adrink. A number of drilling rigsoperating in that sectjpn are said tobe shut down because of the scarcityof water.oA, VOTE FOR BOSWORTH WILLMEAN MUCH TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTYVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. .He and his intimatefriends are workers at the polls at allregular elections. The party needs,these kind of men for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. .He is .efficient in officeand will make a.n official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3tELEVEN-YEAR-OLD PETER BILLI-KEN TROTTING WONDER.The real hero of the week's racingin the Grand Circuit has been PeterBillikin, the big, ungainly son ,ofPeter The Great and Baron's Lassie,now eleven years old, but at the topof his form and is one of the fastestand gamest horses in training. PeterBillikin was bread by R. K. Hart, ofFlemingsburg, and has been racedcontinuously since his two-year-oldform.Peter Billikin has raced throughout the better part of his life, and atthe age of eleven he has become oneof the greatest horses in training,one likely to hold his own in thebest of company, and certainly thegreatest stayer now before the public. The extraordinary feature of thecareer of Peter Billikin is that he hasbeen for several sjbasons a . secondclass trotter, one which v has beenbeaten by horses of little merit, yethe has now come out for his eighthseason, and is far and away the besthorse of his age in training, beingone year older than that other reJuvinated trotter, Mignola. For several years the son of Peter the Greatwas owned in Bourbon county, butwas taken to Alabama and has beenraced by the firm -of Liver & Bacon,both formerly of -Paris.oCITY OF -NEWPORT SAVES ONNEW CONTRACT.W. H. Weiss, electrical expertof Kansas City, Mof, and ConsultingEngineer for the city of Paris, Ky,who was employed to make a lighting surveyf'6f the 'city of Newport,made his .report Saturday to thel CityCommissioners. He says the ' newagreement with the light companymeans a saving of ? 2,3 20 a year tothe city, and an increase of 143,000candle power in the city's streetlighting.oThere's nothing of ,which the baldman is more proud than 'the:la&t picToday, TuesdaylilaYeeIN"Rustling a Bride"William DuncanIN"The IVIan of Might"and Pathe Comtdy"THE MARATHON"IN THE POLITICAL WHIRLKENTUCKY POLITICSOFChief Justice John D. Carrollclosed his speaking campaign in therace for the Democratic -nominationfor Governor last night, as far as hisschedule of appointments is arranged. He spoke at Lancaster, Friday,and it is thought he will make nomore speeches.Beyond making public announcement of their candidacyfor office theaspirants for Councilmen fn Parisare seemingly making little effort torouse up the Democratic yoters.They seem to be conducting a "gumshoe' campaign from all indications.In the firm belief that their .candidate will win, the local adherentsof Judge Carroll and Gov. Black arewagering considerable sums at evenmoney, with the Black people seeming to secure the largest share ofthe bets. Both sides are confident ofsuccess at the polls in August and inNovember.dAs each day brings Saturday, Aug.2, closer, Henry Bosworth, of Lexington, gets closer to the Democraticnomination for Auditor of State, according to some of his warmest supporters in Bourbon county. Hisfriends here feel assured he will bereturned victor over his opponents,and are making a strenuous campaign for him here.oGET 'EM WHILE ITS HOT-GENUINEPALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, ?8to $12.Straw. Hats, ?1 to $6.White Shoes, $.2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)iIf . IICLEARANCEMen's, Women's andFootwear Reduced ForThis sale is important. Shoes are going to be higher. Weare compelled, as usual, to assemble many short and broken lines of Summer Footwear and reduce some to a fraction of cost price for quick selling. The shoes in this sale areof the season's styles and can be seen the rest of the summer and fall Buy a pair for next summer.Women's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and Pumps .Cuban anfi low heejs, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 valuesWomen's Canvas Oxfords- Trimmed rubber sole, low heel, all sizes,' $2.00 values, at , Zl$5.00 Oxfords and Pumps $3.95 -Ladies' dark, tan, black, .patent kid, whitecolonial Oxfords and Pumps, Louis heel.$6.00 Oxfords $4.45Ladies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made: . ,$4.00 Shoes; Oxfords and Pumps $2.95Ladies! White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All sizes.$3.50 Oxfords and Pumps $2 49Ladies White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel.$3.0 White' Canvas Pimps $1.954Ladies' White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, -also Black 'Kid. ,$5.00 Men's Oxfords $3.95Men's Pat.7 Kid and Jfcuss. Tan Eng. Oxfords.'DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreTomorrow, WednesdayMARGUERITEH-INuLet's ElopeaShe wanted to elope but herhusband objected. In facthe. It's funny It's great!Don't you dare to miss it.ALSOBray PictographCaywood &, McClintock shipped acar of 650 lambs to the Eastern market Saturday. They also shippedseveral cars of cattle to the Cincinnati market.T. J. Curtis & Son, of Richmond, sold to W. A. Thompson, ofParis, eighty-five head of fine beef;attle at sixteen cents per pound.The cattle averaged 1,000 lbs., andwere bought by Mr. Thomason forthe United Dressed Beef Company.BEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE.SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves-and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer eoods if you will buy dur-.ing July. Three large show rooms-full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.BOURBON TRAINERS ATLEXINGTON TRACKTHEOver four hundred horses are nowin training at the Lexington track ofthe Kentucky Jockey Club. That isconsiderably more than has everbeen there at this time of the year.Many of these horses will take partin the races at the Blue Grass Fairin September.Among those having horses intraining at the Lexington track arethe following: Thomas G. Morris,Paris, 4; Dan Morris, Paris, 8; Robt.Frakes, Paris, 7; J. Hal Woodford,Paris, (in charge" of Jockey VanDu-sen), 10; John T Ireland, Paris, 6..STOCK, CROP, ETC.$7.D0 MenVTaa Oxfords $5.95Men's Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords, Wa'k-Over and otner famous makes.$4.5,0 Men's Shoes and Oxfords $2.99Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoe's, welts.$.3.50 Boys' GunOxfords,$2.50 Boys Gun Lace Shoes at $1,.79S4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords'... $2.99j Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers. . $ 1 .-49Children's Canv. and Pat. Kid Pumps .. 99CBarefoot Sandals at.Substantial Reductions In All Othej HighGrade Shoes and OxfordsNo .Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.COHENThursday, July 31stConstance TalmadgeIN"Happinessa la Mode"Aowrauch freedom should awoman permit her husband?Why did she grant him a divorce when she loved him?AlsoVaudeville MoviesNEW YORK JUDGE HOLDS WARPROHIBITION CONSTITUTIONALConstitutionality of the war-timeprohibition act was upheld in anopinion handed down in New Yorklast week by Federal Judge ThomasI. Cha'tfield, of Brooklyn, in a test- 'case 'against Stephen A. Minery, asaloonkeeper, brought by the Liquor- ! Dealers' Association of" Connecticut.Judge Chatfield's decision was pasedupon testimony he heard recently inNew Haven, where he sat in the placeof Federal Judge Edwin S. Thomas,of Connecticut.Minery, backed by the Connecticutliquor men, in order to "test the validity of the law, opened a saloon inMeriden. He was arraigned beforeJudge Chatfield in New Haven on thecharge that o-n or about July 7 lasthe sold intoxicating liquor "unlawfully and knowingly before the conclusion of the present war and beforethe termination of demobilization,the date of which is to be determinedby the President."The saloonkeeper was defended' byArnold A. Ailing, State Prosecutor ofConnecticut, who demurred to thecharge against Minnery on theground that the law was unconstitutional and that, as peace had been restored, it was not a wartime measure. JlREMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODS rfIN VARIETY .mPorch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO-,(27-tf) Opp. Court HousedoHAIL INSURANCE.Hall insurance on tobacca.Thattias, Waodfard. Bryanjune24-tf)SALE!Children's SummerQuick Clearance !$122Metal and Tan Lacewelts$2.4985cyhere Beauty and Economy ReignfitMfeM 4wcilMM. -to be the recordture showing him witha-heavy..heacljr efcv aaiKial.revenue service."" " ""Stpt hair...Jnl-J -... 7T,ti '- ij -.-S-.--v'--;V33& MC-7ir Tbinr- s-.":. rJ k:.. A, 2f -..- --H-.o-:-.''V,v I tillfftp4 h. 4' ,Tu.P,SVftr.JU.r.'V!any but an officer who is now. in the'