--v-v. A"S.- 5-"titVil', 'u'w jsyi-ihi jil&W!&!'SMi& " " && WH- JtPUHLISffl$D EVERY TUESDAY ANB FBTC&Y IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1919,-KBOURBON"- "" - -, . . . - . ." v sisf 'Kim A A -vv-gAS!TH HH VMM k. -i jli " 5V5 -f ? - -r .3, !V HH - v? ,' hi '"Tvy. --(BOLD BURGLARS VISIT iCITY ANDCOUNTY STORES.Effecting -an entrance by breakingout the glass in the rear door andunlocking the door, burglars paid avisit to the clothing store of I. L.Price & Co., in this city, Wednesdaynight, securing a large quantity offurnishing goods, three suits ofclothing, etc. A monkey wrench andan iron pin that had evidently beenused in breaking the glass, werefound near the door. This is the thirdtime the store has been visited "bythieves. The robbery was reportedto the police, who are working on thecase.Late Wednesday night, or early inthe morning, as the case may havebeen thieves visited the general storeconducted by Mr. Oscar Smith, atElizabeth, and got away with goodsto the value of $250. The burglarseffected an entrance by breaking outa window and throwing the sashlock. They helped themselves generously of the stock, showing verylittle discrimination, taking clothing,shoes, underwear, tobacco, cigars,and almost everything that seemedto suit their fancy. After loading upthey broke open a side door andmade their exit. Upon opening upthe store Mr. Smith discovered thevisitation, and immediately notifiedthe authorities. Capt V. Mullikin, ofLexington, was sent for, and came tothe scene with his bloodhounds, butthe dogs, after an hour's work, gaveup tne joo, apparently wiinout ascent to lead them to the perpatrators. oHOSPITAL COMMITTEE AT WORKIn furtherance of the work placedon them by the City Council at a recent meeting constituting them acommittee to investigate the (management and conduct of the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, the following ladies of Paris are holdingmeetings for that purpose: Mrs. A.T. Forsyth, Mrs. Wade H. Whitley,Mrs. William Kenney, Misses MaryStone and "Helen Hutchcraft.The committee formed an organisation by selecting Miss HelenHutchcraft as chairman. The committee is holding regular (meetingsand examining witnesses. They willendeavor to bring their investigation to a close in time to make a complete report at the next regularmeeting of 'the 13ity GounciU ' which-will be held on Thursday night,night, September 11. The committeewas selected by Mayor E. B. Januaryan compliance with a resolutionadopted by the City Council.SAND CONCERT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.. The weather permitting, a bandconcert will be given in front of thecourt house, in this city, beginningat five o'clock, Sunday afternoon, byProf. Angelo Mommeloe's famousConcert Band of sixteen pieces,connected with the Rubin &Cherry Carnival Co.This band is said to be one of thebest organizations on the road, andis composed of musical artists whohave made a national reputation intheir profession. It has filled severalengagements on one of the Chautauqua circuits, and has been highly"praised by the press and musicalcritics as a band of great excellence.The program to be rendered will be avaried one, suited to the occasion andto the tastes of the general public.-o-TRAMPS CAUSE BIG BLAZE ATCATTLETTSBURO.A fire at Catlettsburg, caused lossestimated at $150,000. The UnionLiquor Company's store with about$15,000 worth of whisky; Stender'ssaloon, with about $10,000 worth ofliquors; a pool room and the Riverview Hotel were burned to the grond.The Riverview Hotel was vacant.It is thought that the fire was started by vagrants. The loss is partlycovered by insurance.oA SATOTCT INVESTMENT THATEARNS GOOD RETURNSBuilding and Loan Associationsare now under the supervision ofthe State Banking Department and ifyou want to invest your savings insomething that pays good investmentand something that is absolutely safecome to our office at Peoples DepositBank & Trust Co. and learn our plan.PEOPLES BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.MAY "SELL BOONESBORO,Dr. T. J. Williams has received aflattering offer to sell Boonesboro toa New York syndicate. He has thematter under consideration. Thereare eight cottages at Boonesboro.Each is full and several others arecaniping at the beach. It is said to5e the plan of the syndicate whichwishes to buy out Dr. Williams toerect a large hotel, and make theplace an all-the-year resort.ISUITS FILED ITOt NOVEMBER ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OPINIONTEEM OF CIRCUIT COURT. I ON SfATE SCHOOL FUND.Several suits of more or less legaLJ Public schools of this commonimportance have been recently filed . wealth, drawing t funds from thein the office of Circuit Court Clerk.' State School Fund, must maintain a. . .,. v, w UWm at me jno-uCi iiu ui cue .ouuruon uircuitCourtIn a petition filed by Cash Crowe,he alleges that he purchased a lotfrom Mrs. Anna McLear, on which he section 4366 of the Kentucky Stathad paid the sum of $50. On tender- utes, which read as followsing the balance of the purchase price, "Six hours of actual work in thehe alleges, Mrs. McLear refused to schoolroom shall constitute M,nniaccept it or to abide by the contractmane between them. He asked foran order of Court compelling Mrs.McLear to accept the balance of payment money and give him a deed tothe lot.A friendly action looking to thedisposition of some property was filed by C. K. Redmon against LucyQuinby and others.A suit for damages in the sum of$1,500 has been filed against Edward Owsley, contractor, by Wm. J.Cain, carpenter. In his petitionCain asks for compensation for physical pain and mental anguish sus-tained when the side of a barn beingerected by the defendant collapsedand fell upon him. He also prays fora judgment for $210 for loss of time.Judgment against J. G. Cotton &Co. and L. Bruggeman doing businessin Cincinnati under the name of A.S. Dewson & Co., is asked in a suitfiled by Wm. M. Goodloe, commissionsalesman of Paris. The nlaintiffclaims to have represented the firmas commission agent in Paris, andwas to receive six per cent, commission on sales. Mr. Goodloe claims tohave sold goods to the amount of$8,333.33, on which he was entitledto commissions amounting to $200,which, he alleges, the firm has refused to pay.oWILLS OF McCLINTOCK AND HSTER FILED.By the will of John N. Fister, recorded in the County Clerk's officeat Lexington, all his property is bequeathed to his widow, Mrs. ClaraElizabeth Fisher, to be enjoyed byher during her lifetime. At herdeath the property is to be dividedequally among his children by ClaraElizabeth Fister, and his former wife,Anna M. Fister. Clara ElizabethFister is appointed statutory guardian of her children, three cfwhom.reside in Bourbon county, and exector of the will without bond. Theinstrument is dated December 5,1912, and was witnessed by S. A.Wallace and D. G. Falconer.The will of Russell A McClintock,formerly of Bourbon county, alsofiled for probate, directs his $1,000insurance policy be collected and goto his sister, Mrs. Mary M. Haydon,together with his personal effects, after his expenses are paid. The willbears the date of Oct. 4, 1916.oPARENTS WARNED TO KEEPCHILDREN IN SCHOOL.That the compulsory school attendance law will be enforced to the letter in Paris, and persistent offenderstaken before the Court, is indicatedin the determination expressed bythe local 'Truant Officer, who hascharge of such matters.Parents will be given ample warning" to see that their children attendschool regularly. In the past fewyears trouble in keepink children inschool has been confined to a fewfamilies. This year no half-waymeasures will be taken, but the offenders will be punished.. oOFFICERS FOR SPECIAL ELECTION. The officials who have been selected by the County Board of ElectionCommissioners to officiate at thetwenty voting places in the countyfor the special election to be held tojmorrow, have been notified to be attheir places promptly before the pollsopen at six o'clock.It has been made mandatory uponthese officers to serve, and those whofail to appear for duty will be citedto appear before the County Judgeand present valid reasons for not doing so. The punishment is fixed bythe statutes at a fine of $20. Theofficers are the same ones who werenamed to conduct the primary election in "August.. o"TRANSFERRED TO CORBIN.Mr. J. J. Lee, who has for severalmonths been one of the most efficient Jof the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCompany's solicitors, at this point,has been transferred to Corbin. Mr.Lee will be placed in charge of the ,Corbin district, as Deputy Superintendent. The district embraces quitea large scope of territory. Mr. Leewill leave to-morrow for Corbin toassume his new duties. joWORLD'S BEST TROTTERS jThe world's best trotters will beseen in action at Lexington, Sept. 29to Oct. 11.(sept2-5)jmimmum of six hours of actualteaching each day. This opinion wasgiven to the Frankfort Board of Ed-ucation by Attorney General Morris.In the opinion Mr. Morris quotes, session and under no cirmimstshall the daily session, including recesses and intermissions exceed ninehours in length in any school of the! State."The plain meaning of the statute,Mr. Morris says, is to lequire a minimum of six hours of actual teachingin all the schools of the State by allteachers who receive any part of themoney raised by taxation for schoolpurposes.The Frankfort Board of Educationdecided for two sessions of schooldaily.The opinion of Attorney Generalj Morris is of State-wide interest, as iteffects all of the public schools of thiscommonwealth.COUNTY COURT ORDERSRobert McPheena, husband of Mrs.Anna McPheena, who was killed bya stroke of lightning during an electrical storm near Paris some weeksago, qualified in the County Court,Tuesday, as administrator of the estate. He gave bond in the sum of$10,000, with Thos. J. Redmon assurety.Judge Batterton appointed I. B.Patterson as administrator of the estate of Henry Patterson, who died recently at his home in Millersburg.Mr. Patterson accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in thesum of $1,500, with John F. McDaniel and Elizabeth Patterson assureties.oHORSE AND TRAP DISAPPEARWhile Mr. Walter Clark was preparing to take Mrs. Alice Ware andher two young granddaughters tothe 5:39 L. & N. train Tuesdaymorning he hitched his mare andtwo-seated trap to a iost near hishome on Fifteenth street. When hecame ut- a- few- jmoments-later4Ae-outfit had completely disappeared.The police were notified.The pony and cart were laterfound on the Steele Ford pike, having evidently been driven there bya "joy-rider" and abandoned.WE KNOW HWSTETSONHATSFor Fall arc NowOn DisplayMany smart styles, wide, flat set brimswith narrow bands and bindings;medium width brims, slightly curled;new Fedora shapes, with welt or rawedges; many new colorings, new greys,greens, browns, tans and mixed colorings. Imported Velours and ItalianBarselinos.Prices Range From$7 to $15Select your hat fromsatisfied.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsMRS. CLAY'S FARM BRINGS T0- TAL OF $117,750.The 573 acre farm of Mrs. C. M.Clay, of Paris, located six milessouth of Richmond, was sold at public auction Tuesday morning by Auctioneer Boliver Bond, at an averageof over $200 an acre, or a total of$117,750. The farm is part - of"Blythewood," the famous farm ofMrs. Clay's father, the late MajorJohn D. Harris. There was a bigcrowd at the sale, bidders from ahalf-dozen different counties beingpresent. The farm was sold in threetracts, 573 acres being included inthe whole sale as follows:Tract No. -, containing 142.62 acreswas bought by John C. Stone, of Lexington, at $245.25 per acre. Thereare no improvements on this land,except stock scales; it is all in bluegrassnd has been for a nujmber ofyears.Tract No. 2, containing 200 acres,was m bought by W. F. Moody, ofKingston, at $250.10 an acre. Thistract contains a four-room cottage,two tenant houses, and what is saidto be the largest tobacco barn inMadison county.Tract No. 3, containing 229.87acres, was bought by John W. Herndon, of Berea. This land is all ingrass except 15 acres, and is splendidtobacco land, as is all of the farm.A GOOD PROPOSITIONSMALL ORLARGE SUMS.If you have a few dollars whichyou want to get busy, join our newseries beginning September 6. Cometo our office at the Peoples DepositBank & Trust Co. and learn our excellent proposition we have for thosewho want to save money.PEOPLES BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.FORGERS AT WORK.Smooth check forgers are gettingin their work in Paris again and(merchants of this city seem to betheir easiest victims. Five checks,each purporting to bear the signature of Samuel H. Shout, a wellknown Bourbon county farmer, werecashed by five different merchantsrecently, the papers afterward proving to have been forgeries. Three ofthe checks were for $24 each, andthree for ?zi eacn. -mere is no ciueforged the checks. The merchantswho cashed them could not give accurate descriptions of the partieswho presented them, so the policehave slender hope of catching theguilty ones.fcour store and beBLAKEMORENettleton ShoasDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shots&TO ,THE VOTERS AND TAX PAYERS OF BOURBON COUNTYAn advertisement is being carriedin the local papers wherein arguments are presented against the roadtax, and we deem it advisable toanswer the advertisements.In the first place, there are twoseparate and distinct questions to bevoted upon and each question will beon a separate ballot. One is, the bondissue, and the other is the twentycent road tax. OIf both carry, there can only beone levy of twenty cents on each onehundred dollars of assessed propertyin Bourbon County. The FscalCourt can elect to use,jthe levy between the two, but the Constitutionprohibits any additional levy in excess of the twenty cents.One point raised in the advertisement is that the farm landsfcpf Bourbon County will be increased for taxation ten dollars per acre for nextyear. There is about one hundredand eighty thousand acres of 'land inBourbon County and at ten dollarsper acre increase, this win increasethe assessment one million eighthundred thousand dollars. The present road tax rate is twenty-five centson each one hundred dollars of theassessed valuation and the increasedroad tax, therefore, on account of theincreased value of land, will produceforty-five hundred" dollars snore forroad purposes than produced heretofore. This increase will not repairover one or two miles of water-boundmacadam road at the present price oflabor. In addition thereto, it .hasbeen proven by experience in thiscounty that water-bound macadamwill not hold up under auomobiletraffic. All road departments advisethe surface treatment of oil-asphaltin order to .hold the top surface ofthe roads. This treatment is now being used on the Paris and Lexingtonpike and on the North Middletownpike.The Fiscal Court deemed it best topreserve these last two roads completed. Without this treatment theseroads would go to pieces within afew (months and money spent inbuilding them would have; been wasted. This oil asphalt treatment willprevent the roads from going toto pieces. Therefore, the treatmentgiven to these roads was not for thepurpose of favoring one section overthe other, but for the purpose of preserving that which had been paid forby the tax payers of Bourbon County;There has for the past few yearsbeen an argument made that theNorth Middletown pike is a favoredroad, and this advertisement attempts to revive the old argument,but, as a matter of fact, the roadleading from Paris to North Middletown is the only pike in the NorthMiddletown precinct which has received any repairs whatever in thepast fifteen years. The side pikes inLtbis precinct are in a deplorable condition.Furthermore, under the buildingprograjm these two pikes which havebeen surface treated will probablybe the last two pikes to receive thepjjnanent road material, should theroad tax carry, for the very reasonthat the other main roads are in moreneed of immediate work.The advertisement also attemptedto create prejudice against moneylenders. It is true, if bonds are votedmoney must be borrowed and themoney will be borrowed upon thebonds sold, and the bonds will be soldat competitive bids and the best bidwill be accepted.Money lenders can procure all theGovernment bonds they wish at below par, and they are .not' personallyinterested in the road building ofBourbon County, for Jin all probability these bonds will be sold to people living in some of the larger cities.Anpther argument in the advertisement stated that the Fiscal CourtUJesired to shift the responsibility ofRhe roads, and thereby appointed four,road commissioners. These four roadcommissioners appointed, are allbusiness men with character aboveI reproach. They agreed to devotetheir time to the interests of Bourbon County without charge. TheFiscal Court invited the tax-payersof Bourbon County some severalmonths ago to name an AdvisoryCommittee to meet and confer withthe Court upon the road question,and this was done for the followingreasons:First, the Fiscal Count realized theimpossibility of maintaining theroads of Bourbon County with itspresent funds, and they wanted hebusiness men of the county to becomeinterested in the proposition in order that they might fully understand that the road building ofBourbon County was tthe biggestbusiness proposition now before thepeople'5 of the county.. Second, for years malicious or ignorant people Tiave accused the FiscalCourt of either graft or failure toproperly expend the .money. Theseaccusations are oftimes made fromj personal motives and other timesthrough ignorance.' The FiscalCourt, realizing there was no truth inany of them, wanted a committee ofdisinterested persons to meet and"FISCAL COUET PBOCEEDIirGS-'The September term of the Bour-bon Fiscal Court convened yesterdaywith County Judge George Batterton presiding, and the following"members of the Court present: Fretwell, Thomasson, Burris, Talbott.Stephenson, JViggins, Shropshire andTurner.The report of County Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford for the month ofAugust was read, received and ordered filed.A large number of claims againstthe county were allowed and orderedpaid.County Treasurer Bedford was or-,dered to borrow the sum of $20,000 vfor use of the Turnpike Fund, and toexecute his note for same, payableJanuary 1, 1920, bearing interest atsix per cent, from date until paid.""The County Treasurer was also ordered to borrow the sum of $4,0QOfor use of the General Fund, and toexecute his note for same, payableJanuary 1, 1920, bearing interest at "six per cent, from date until paid.Justices Fretwell, T-homasson andCounty Attorney D. D. Cline were appointed a comjmittee to audit the ,books and accounts of the CountySchool Superintendent.The Court adjourned to October 2,oGREATEST OF SPORTSThe greatest of sports at Lexington Trots, Sept. 29 to Oct. 11.(sept2-5)confer with the Court on the expenditure of this money in order thatthe tax-payer wauld know they wer"getting full value for the moneyspent upon the roads and that theFiscal Court itself was doing the bestit could with the means at hand.Third, the Magistrates of Bourbon.County each receive from the County,about fifty dollars per year for theirservices, and as they are working foralmost nothing, they felt that othersinterested in the sajme proposition,should share a part of the responsibility and familiarize themselveswith the road building of BourbonCounty.Automobile and road traffic has increased so, that the traffic upon thepublic roads has multiplied manytimes within the past fifteen years.There are now from fifteen hundredto two thousand automobiles in Bourbon County, and if each machisatravels an average of ten njiles perday, there is automobile traffic emthe roats of Bourbon County of fifteen thousand miles per day, or s'ixor seven pnillion miles per year.The amount of money now paid fcythe tax-payers of Bourbon Countyfor road purposes will not standthis traffic. Motor trucks are increasing and are carrying a greatdeal of the short haul freight. Within the next few years motor truckswill compete with railroads in thehauling of light freight and anytown that does not have good roads-leading into it will be left off thetransportation map. Good roads mean,as much for a town in the next fewyears as railroads have been in thepast, and we know that any community not in touch by a railroad is retarded in its growth, and any community that does not take up thegood road movenient and build roadsthat will withstand the increasedmotor traffic will also be retarded inits growth.The people often regret that theL. & N. Railroad was not built fromParis instead of Winchester, and ira few years time we will regret that .the turnpikes of Bourbon County arenot built so as to receive our proportion of the motor traffic.Our neighboring counties are voting the tax for road purposes and ifwe are to keep step with them wemust also vote it. The same persons who are now opposed to theroad tax would have been opposedto the freeing of turnpikes more than,twenty years ago, had they had' avoice in that subject, but how' manypeople to-day would want the old tollgates returned?Road tax will make it possible tooperate ' thre or four crushers upoathe side pikes during the year andthereby build about forty miles ofside pike each year, which in thecourse of five or six years will rebuild every side pike in Bourbon. -Countyand in the sapne course oftime, the main pikes of BourbonConnty can mostly be rebuilt of somedurable and permanent material.With the pesent amount of taxesreceived, the county roads can nevergrow better and will gradually growworse, and If something is not donftby which more money can be obtained for road purposes, the roads ofyour county will be almost impasaft- 'ble within five to ten years time.It is the duty of every progreeeiYeperson to vote in favor of this roadtax.Let Bourbon County retain itgood name of progresiveness Mf,Iroan cian Tifh nta npierTffMvriTisr rniTnties. . fGHORGE BATTERTON, 'County Judie.( Advertisement.)j?-.JJJ'55- ' J - l k- .-4Z-l- iin'i,t.5-:Lt3BLhr, -n,V- 'THE BOTIEBOH HEWS, MHIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SMOTMB1R 5, 1$$rfKETWO-j- i .? r . ' -vs. ff!w'I I10ifIBE BOURBON NEWSled 188137 Years of Ctumous PnblicationNtikked ETery Tuesday and EridayYar. .$2.00 6 Montns. ,x.uvPayable in Adavance.CHAMP. Editor and Owner.tfmttred at the Paris, Kentucky,JoSSlce as Mail Matter of theClass.)Aw KrranvrwsA reflection upon thelhanctor, standing or reputation oftar person, firm or corporation whichIsmj appear in the columns of THEaWJBBON NEWS will be gladly corptqtad it brought to attention of the. 0ER POEEIGN BEPBESENTATIVES. Ifew YorkAmerican Press Assodataon. nkago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son." Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency,j Cmcrnnati Blaine-Thompson Co., looisville-Stark-IiOwman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfor first time; 5U cents per mensnbseauent insertion.KMdine Notices. 10 cents per linejMfik issue; reading notices in blackIrya, 20 "Cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candilatae, obituaries and resolutions, andirtMllii i matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisetoents and yearly contracts.Sfce right of publisher Is reseivedka decline any advertisement or otherIMttnr for publication.Announcements for political officesmwit invariably be accompanied byka cash..VTtDEMOCRATIC TICKET.Por Governor:James D. Black.Por lieutenant Governor:.W. H. Shanks.Por Secretary of State:Mat S. Cohen.I Eor Auditor of Public Accounts :! Henry M. Bosworth.Por Attorney General:3rank E. Daugherty., Tor Clerk of the Court of Appeals:John A. Goodman.Tor Superintendent of Public Instruction: L. E. Foster.3?or Commissioner of Agriculture:John W. Newman.Por Representative:James H. Thompson.POR COUNCILMENPirst Ward:J; H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, John3. Williams.Second Ward:Edward Burke.Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.?EDITORIAL MUSINGS.You and Your County PaperA farmer told me a story onceabout another farmer who went tothe editor of his county paper andobjected to the sort of news the paper was giving."What sort of news do you want?"he editor asked."I want to know about the countyAaances," said the -farmer, "whereour road money is being spent, whatur county superintendent and boardf education are doing, what is reallycoming into our local markets andwhat it is actually bringing, whalarmiers over the county are doing inthe way t farm improvement andommunity betterment. ' These thingsought to be as interesting as the society and personal notes to which yougive so much space, and they arevastly more important."And, as the story was told me, the, ditor impressed by the "kick" andthe reasonableness of it, proceeded tofive his readers such news.Now, to my thinking, there are avhc4e lot of fanners who ought to Ibe talking the same way to the editors of their county papers. Whatis more, they ought to be helpingthose editors to make their -papersmore Yital and to get them in closertouch with the rural sections. A livecounty paper is one of the biggestassets a county can have. A "dead"paper, or one that is keeping alivejust to save funeral expenses, is aliability rather than an asset. Simeeditors would make a live paper inthe deadest community; some wouldmake a dead paper in the livest com-pnunity; but most will make justabout the sort of paper that theirpeople demand. The papers a countyhas" are generally a fair guide to thespirit of the county itself.It follows, then, that the man whocomplains about his local paper andI have heard numbers of farmers doit ought to help to make it better.Often a, good "talking to" the editor,a presentation of the farm point ofview and an insistence on the paper'sgetting something of that point ofview into its columns, will help a lot.Always, whole-hearted co-operationwith the paper will help subscribeto the paper, read it, pay for it, tell itthe news when you have any, advertise in it when you have somethingto sell, express your views through itwhen you wish to reach your neghbors. Few county papers are servingtheir farm readers as well as theymight, it seems to me. But the farmers themselves are largely responsible for this. The farmer who willgrumble about the poor paper he isgetting, it is safe to say, outnumbersthe farmer who will really try tohelp his local editor make a moretruly representative paper at leastten to one.You're Right, Bessie!Have you ever wondered why someproducers torture you so before permitting you to look upon a picture?Little Bessie Barriscale, who is awell-known screen artist, says theperson who thinks he is tired ofpictures isn't right at all he's tiredof what he has to live through first.This is what a recent feature lookedlike to Bessie:Boob BrothersPresentsIma Knutin"The Old Oaken Bucket" 'Directed byAbsent MindedAssisted byArchie BaldPhotographed byAxle GreaseContinuity byCutting ToutFrom the Book byLessen ThatAdapted For the Screen byIvory DojmaArt DirectorWish I. WerenotArt Titles byBill SmithLighting Effects byBismarck HerringSets Designed byBrick MasonCostumes byHookson ByzeMusical Cue Scheme byBlow and TrumpetFive reels of film followed, she said,which she was too numb to understand. These Would Never Be Missed:The customer who brings back thesuit which you already had altered.Children who play tag on thecounters while the parents are trading. The customer who brings backmerchandise purchased about twomonths ago.The traveling man who urges you.to buy pnore than you want, withthe statement that you cannot get itlater, and then gets right "sassy" because you don't buy.The "saleslady" who chews gumduring business hours and finds timeto gossip with other, salespeoplewhile waiting on customers.The merchant who allows his showwindows to get stale, his sidewalkrickety, and the storefront faded.The employe who is eternally looking for a row.The employer who thinks no onecan do anything right but himself.The merchant who thinks he isthe best buyer in town.The "business man" who knowsthat advertising is a waste of mony.AndThe merchant (?) who thinks hehasn't time to read his trade paper.A GOOD REASON WHY.In a local cafe one. day the pastweek several customers were lined upthe lunch counter, disposing of theirlunches. The conversation driftedfrom baseball and every conceivabletopic to that of carnival companies.One of the men, a resident of Georgetown, remarked: "Circuses and carnival companies have a hard time inParis, don't they, in finding a placeto show?"Another man in the bunch, a loyalParisian, remarked: "Yes, that's afact. You see Paris is building upand growing so fast that all the vacant lots are being utilized. As amatter of course there's plenty ofroom in tnese stand-still towns."That ended the argument!oThe sides tf a new vaccum washer for laundry purposes is corrugatedso it can be used as a wash board. -ANNUAL CONFEDERATE BEUNION AT ATLANTA, OCT0BER 7-10.Confederates have received officialnotice and accompanying literatureof the Twenty-ninth annual reunionof the United Confederate Veteransto be held this year at Atlanta onOctober 7 to 10. At the same timeand place the Sons of ConfederateVeterans and the ConfederatedSouthern Memorial Association willhold their annual conventions. TheFederal Railroad Administration hasgranted a special rate of one cent amile to all Confederate Veterans andSons of Veterans who desire to attend the reunion, and it is expectedthat Central Kentucky will, as usual,send a representative delgation toparticipate in the big gathering.Any relative of a Confederate Veteran, even if the veteran is deay, maysecure the rate of one cent, it is stated by N. B. Forrest, reunion generalsecretary. Eligible for the rate areall Confederate veterans and members of their families, all Sons ofConfederate Veterans and members oftheir families, all members of theUnited Daughters of the Confederacyand all ladies of the Confederate Memorial Association. All sponsors andmaids in fact, anyone who is connected with the reunion in any official way can get the cheap rate.In giving this rate, the governmentrequires all purchasers of tickets toshow identification certificates.oTHE AMERICAN CITIZEN BECOMING "MOTOR WISE."In former days the average American, when considering the purchaseof a car, took the salesman's word asto its mechanical merits and merely"looked wise" when he made a passing glance under the hood. His wifewould select the right colors for thecar, and the shape of upholsterythat was all. But to-day he must beshown.Among other things, he has learned by experience that, while a magneto adds but a trifle more to theoriginal cost of a car, it saves its owncost during the first few months inlessened gasoline consumption. Heknows het gets more power and better running from his engine becauseof the hotter spark, which can be relied upon at all times, and that hehas no ignition troubles to worryabout. The salesman who tries totell him otherwise will have to "showcause."There is a point in selling talkwhen too many claims "unsell" a car.Many arguments have arisen on thequestion of ignition; its reliability,its troubles, and its effect on gasoline consumption and engine power.These can be avoided by admittingfrankly that for ignition purposesthe magneto, with its simple, selfcontained electric .generation and big,fat, reliable sparks, is always dependable, whereas battery ignition issubject to many deviations andtroubles, even if constantly watchedand cared for. In buying a car withmagneto ignition the "motor-wise"prefer to buy safety and satisfactionfirst.. oDIZZINESS IS ANNOYINGAs Many Paris People Know TooWell.When the kidneys are weak or' disordering, they fall behind in filteringthe blood of poisons. As these poisons attack the nerves, the result isfelt in spells of vertigo, just asdrunkenness will make a man dizzyfrom the poisoning of alcohol. Dizziness, headache, backache and irregularity of the kidney secretions are allsigns of weak or disordered kidneysand should not be neglected. UseDoan's Kidney Pills, the home-endorsedkidney remedy. Read thisParis resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighth'Street, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and some times was in a serious condition. I had a constant dullache across the small of my backand I was terribly dizzy at times. 1have used Doan's Kidney Pills forthis trouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the cqmplaints."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)O ""POSTER LEFT BY EIBBY SMITH ISSTILL PBESEKVED.Miss Martha Miller, of Cynthiana,same across a relic of the Civil Warwhich she has preserved since Geh,Kirby Smith first visited Cynthiana.It was a colored poster, blue paper,now faded and worn, which Smith'smen tacked to a tree on Main street.Miss Miller was spending the nightthere soon after the war broke out,with Mrs. Oxley. The poster, printedin large type, reads as follows:"Kentuckians, I am authorized bythe President of the Confederacy toorganize troops and issue commissions. I appeal to you to make oneeffort for your principles, for your institutions and for your State. Rallyunder your flag, organize and musteryour (men in the cause of the South.Breckinridge, Buckner and theirbrave Kentuckians are on their wayto join you., Make one effort, strikeone blow, and your State will be saved from Yankee thraldom and takeher place in the van of the Confederacy, where her interests, her institutions and her principles rightlyplace her." , ,"BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRINAlways Ask' for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"-Only Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldoItttottci "ha nalrprl for. Then lOOk forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in eacn $ayer pacKage.a ?,.;, ie io rnr?A marlr of BaverManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacitt.I apr- li-jp -j. a u jA new "baby" airplane, of Swedish make, weighs only 700 pounds,and has a speed of eighty miles anhour.For SaleA Ford roadster, in first-class condition. Can be seen at the Citizen'sGarage.(sept2-2t-pd)For SaleA number of nice large Centuryplants for sale. Call CumberlandPhone 391. (2-2t)For SaleChoice selection of June lilybulbs. Call Cumberland Phone No.560.(2-tf) MRS. J. T. BROWN.Room For RentNicely furnished room for rent ingood neighborhood. Apply at thisoffice. (2-tf)Census Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men and women) ;4,000 needed; $92 month; age, 18and upward; examinations everywhere soon; experience unnecessary.For free particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner), rf) 45Equitable Building, Washington.(2-5t-pd) . iWanted, Old FalseTeethWe pay $1 to $20 per set,for thenin any condition. Broken parts inproportion. We also pay highest cashprices for old crowns, bridgework,broken jewelry and old silver of allkinds. Mail it to us your moneysent by return mail.BRACKNEY REFINING CO.,226 West Chestnut Street,(2-2t) Louisville, Ky.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable 'truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R, HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Fords For SaleTwo Ford touring cars in the bestof condition; engines recently overhauled. DICKERSON & SON,106 E. Tenth St., Paris, Ky.(26-3t)Southdown Sheep ForSale.I have' a select lot of Southdowyearling bucks; also 50 Southdownewes and lambs for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,?(12-af) R. F. D. 8. Paris, Ky.iiiawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality Pirst; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Kawleieh Man.(8aug-tf)An OrdinanceSubmitting to the legal Voters of theCity of Paris the Question of aBond Issue of Sixty Thousand Dollars ($60,000.00) to Be Used forthe Purpose of Constructing Sanitary Sewers On Main Street fromPourteenth Street to TwentiethStreet and , on Fourteenth StreetIrom Main Street to JacksonStreet Prom Clifton Street to aSanitary Sewer on ClintonvillePike from a Point 50 Feet East ofthe L. & N. Bailroad to the Intersection of Clifton Street; on Clifton Street Prom its IntersectionWith Clintonville Pike to Nineteeth Street, from its IntersectionWith Nineteenth Street 700 FeetNorth to a Lateral Sewer; on BrentStreet from Its Intersection WithClintonville Pike for a Distance of620 Feet North and on BrentStreet From Its Intersection WithNineteenth Street 740 Feet NorthNorth to a Lateral Sewer; onNineteenth Street From Its Intersection With Clifton Street to aPoint 140 Feet East From the Center line of Main Street; on Nineteenth Street From Its Intersection With Clifton Street to a Point140 Feet East of Brent Street: onWinchester Street From Link Avenue to Tenth Street; on TenthStreet From Pleasant Street to L.&N. Depot; thence South Withthe Right of Way of L. & N. Bailroad to Winchester Street; on Parrish Avenue From Vine Street toLink Avenue; on Vine Street FromParrish Avenue to Harmon Street;on Link Avenue 100 Feet Northand 100 Feet South of Parrish Avenue; on' Scott Avenue From aPoint 380 Feet West of Washington Street and to a Point 370 FeetWest of L. & N. Bailroad. A Sanitary Sewer in Private Bight ofWay from Trunk Sewer to CliftonStreet and Maysville Street fromScott Avenue 350 Feet North.BE IT ORDAINED, by the Mayorand the Board of Council of the Cityof Paris that an election be and thesame is hereby called and ordered tobe held at the regular election to beheld in the City of Paris, on Tuesday, the 4th day of November, 1919,and that at said election there besubjmitted to the qualified electors ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, the following proposition, to-wit:"Are you in favor of issuing bondsof the City of Paris, Kentucky, in thesum of Sixty Thousand, Pollar($60,000.00) to be paid by leviesmade annually to meet said bondsand iiiie interests thereof, for the purpose of constructing and extendingthe sanitary sewer system of the Cityof Paris on the following streets, to-wit:"Main Street from FourteenthStreet to . Twentieth Street. Pourteenth Street from Main Street toJackson Street. Clifton Street to asanitary sewer on Clintonville Pikefrom a point 50 feet East of the L. &N. Jlailroad to the intersection ofClifton Street."On Clifton Street from its intersection with Clintonville pike toNineteenth Street; from its intersection with Nineteenth Street 700feet North to a lateral sewer."On Brent Street from its intersection witn uimtonvnie piKe tor adistance of 620 feet North, and onBrent Street from its intersectionwith Nineteenth Street 740 feetNorth to a lateral sewer.. "On Nineteenth Street from its intersection with- Clifton Street to apoint 140 feet East frojm the centerline of Main Street."On Nieeteenth Street from its intersection with Clifton Street to apoint 140 feet East of Brent Street.."On Tenth Street from PleasantStreet to L. & N. Depot; thenceSouth with the right of way of L. &N. Railroad to Winchester Street."On Parrish Avenue from VineStreet to Link Avenue."On Vine Street from Parrish Avenue to Harmon Street."On Link Avenue 100 feet Northand 100 feet South of Parrish Avenue. "On Scott Avenue from a point380 feet West of Washington Streetto a point 370 feet West of L. & N.Railroad. A jsanitary sewer in private right of way from trunk sewerto Clifton Street and MaysvilleStreet from Scott Avenue 350 feetNorth?""It is further ordered that saidbonds, if authorized to be isstied,shall mature at intervals to be hereafter determined, but none of saidbonds are to mature at a later datethan 20 years after the date of issue,and that there shall be raised annually by taxation for said purpose thesum of Six Thousand, Dollars($6,000.00), or such part thereof asflnay be necessary for an interest andsinking fund for the purpose of paying the interest on said bonds andredeeming said bonds at their maturity. Said bonds shall be issuedproviding for the payment of inter5 per annum. ."At the election herein ordered thqualified voters of the City of pari,Kentucky, shall have the right tovote, and a tax proposed to be leyied for the purpose aforesaid shallbe levied upon all property in ,'City of Paris subject to levy for general purposes,"The City Clerk shall give noticeof the election above provided forby publishing a notice thereof in Inewspaper having a general circulation in the City of Paris, Kentuckyfor at least two weeks prior to saidelection. Said notice shall specifythe amount of indebtedness proposedto be incurred and the purpose of tiesame and the amount necessary to beraised annually by taxation for aninterest and sinking fund as aboveset out."The City Clerk will furnish tothe Clerk of Bourbon County a certified copy of this ordinance and hewill likewise furnish to the Sheriffof Bourbon County a copy of thi3 ordinance within ten days after itspassage and said Clerk and Sheriffare directed to do and to performeverything required by law in conducting said election and in the preservation of the returns and the canvassing and certification of the vote."It is further directed that theBoard of Eelection Commissioners ofBourbon County shall canvass the returns of said election and certify theresults, and they will deliver a copyof the certification to the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.AttestJ. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.City Hall, Paris, Ky., Aug. 28, 1919.(sept2-4t)Complete formulas and instructions for making at home, rye whiskey, real beer and choicest wines, including jmaking and operating homestill. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; post-office rules formulas maylawf ully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof 50c check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales ofliquor formulas.BALTIMORE POEMULA COMPANYBaltimore, Md.(29-tf) -Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTERS OP BOUBBONCOUKTY.Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, entered July 3rd,1919, an election will be held and apoll will be taken at each and all ofthe voting places in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the 6 th day of Sept amber, 1919, between the hours of sixo'clock a. m. and four oclock p. m.,for the purpose of taking the senseof the legal voters of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upon the following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars' "orth of Property in theCounty to be Levied Each Year forTen Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, Roads and Bridges of theCounty?"W. G. McCLBNJTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td) . jNotice of ElectionTO THE VOTERS OP BOURBONCOUNTY.Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Court, entered July 7, 1919, anelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who arc qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you in favor of issuing FiveHundred Thousand Dollars in Bondsfor the Purpose of Building Boadsand Bridges??'W. G. McCLINTOCK, "Sheriff of Bourbon County. '(atlg8-td)NOTICE!TO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY, KY.:Pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, and to Section 1407a, Kentucky 'Statutes,notice is hereby given to the votersof Bourbon county. Ky.. that JohnT. Collins, Catesby Spears, Sam Clayand Sam Houston, have been appointed by the Bourbon County FiscalCourt, Commissioners for the purposeof handling and expending the proceeds of bonds, in the event the$500,000.00 bond issue, which is tobe voted on September. 6, 1919, isapproved and carried by the voters ofBourbon County.PEARCE PATON.ItJferk Bourbon Countv Fiscal Court.I WY "WHISKY. WINE, BEERi 0 ,'tKlr-i' .- v"--" ' i'FRIDAT, SEPTEMBER 5, 19ldTHE BOUBBOH 1WWS, PA1IS, KEKTOCTIfffj "?! '' " " I '"sin-yImAI45lThe next timeyou buy calomelask forfalotaosPABIS PUBHO. SCHOOIS OPENMONDAY, SEPT. 8.COUNTY SCHOOIS OPEN WITHGOOD ATTENDANCE.The purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35cIdeals.Ideals are like stars; you will notsucceed in touching them with yourbands, but like the sea-faring man onthe desert of waters, you choose themas your guides, and, following them,yon reach your destiny.?& Awful to Think Of.The whale is said to yield a barrelel milk at a milking. But what happens to the milker if she gets caj.kss with her tail? r """v MTEEOBBAIT SCHEDTHEl." CASS LEAVELexnistou Per Paris ForParis'A. M. 6.0 OxX M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M.P. M.P. M.P. U.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:10.'P. M. 11:00Lexinerton,A. M. 6:45AM. 7:15xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2;15P. M. 8:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05(x) Eaily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYvQghmThe Paris Public Schools will openthe regular annual session Monday,September 8, with prospects for amost excellent year."The school is open free of anycharge to every child in the city ofParis and it is hoped and believedthat every one will take advantageof the opportunity offered them foran education," said Superintendentof City Schools Kirkpatrick, in discussing the prospects for the present term."Never in the hitory of the worldhas a liberal education been soimperative as now. The Paris PublicSchools extend a cordial invitationto those living outside the city schooldistrict to attend the city schools,"continued Prof. Kirkpatrick. -The rates of tuition for out-of-town students are:Grades 1, 2 and 3, $35 per year.Grades 4, 5 and 6, $40 per year.Grades 7, 8, and 9, $50 per year.Grades 10, 11 and 12, $75 peryear.There is a discount of ten percent, for two or more children fromthe same family.Laboratory science work will begin this year with the SeventhGrade and extend through theTwelfth Grade. Much emphasis willbe placed on health "education. It isexpected that the "Smith-TownerRill" -nnwr Vio-fn-ro fJnrxrrpsa "will snrmbecome a law. This law will providejp eaerai am xor neaitn euucanuii aimthe Paris City Schools will have everything ready to be among the firstschools in the United States to takeadvantage of this law.A splendid urogram of ohvsicaleducation including athletics of allkinds for both girls and boys will becarried out this year. The firstfootball practice will be held Wednesday, September 10, at 3 o'clock.Mr. d, 3. Harrison, physical directbrof the-Y. M. C. A., will be in chargeof the squad. I t is planned tohave 5 men out for tbe first practice. During the present week the HighSnhnnl office will be onen from 10 a.in. to 12 m. every day for Registra-I J u 1..M Ann mMVi4-aH TiriT'MXion ana any uu&iuess tuimctwu 'the schools.The class work will begin as follows: Monday, September 8, 1, 2, 3, 4,5 and 6 Grades.Tuesday, September 9, 7, 8 and 9Grades.Wednesday, September 10, 10, 11and 12 Grades. -. . .o"IT MUST HAVE BEEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUTDIDN'T SMELL,""Saw a. big rat in our cellar lasl- jFall," writes Mrs. Joanny anaHnn-ht n 25c cake of RAT-SNAF,broke it up into small pieces. Lastweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat. Must have been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three sizes 25c, 50c,I $1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)-oSouthern Optical Co. jIncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESOIL EXTRACTED EROM SLATEKryptok Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lena Tt4th & Chestnut StsLOUISVILLE, KY.W. G. Allen, of Estill county, whilein Mt. Sterling recently, said thatJohn Cox, a resident of his county,who represents New York capitalists,has purchased of hijm 63 acres of landin Estill county, and of another party400 acres, paying a liberal price.These lands contain a large quantityof slate that contains a hfrgh gradeof oil, one gallon extracted from theslate being worth twenty-eight timesas mucb as crude oil. Mr .Allenstates he saw an expert take eightounces of slate, a product of theselands, pulverize it, subject it to heatand from it extract" one and threeRivt.hs ounces of this fine oil. Mr.I Allen says plants will be put in andit is expected this will become one oithe best paying industries af theState.o-Aviator Rohifs found it 25 degreesbelow zero a few miles above Min-eola.The rural schools of BourbonCounty opened Monday, with fewexceptions, . and the enrollment wasunusually heavy. Several of thecounty schools were "not opened onaccount of not being able to secureteachers but these vacancies are expected to be filled before the firstof next week. The Little Rock, Millersburg and North MiddletownGraded Schools will begin September 8.The condition of schools in thecounty is said to be very good. Manyof the buildings have been extensively repaired and remodeled and everything done to make the school roomsattractive and comfortable to thestudents, which will greatly eliminateabsences and tardinessBelow is a list of the" teachers ofthe county schools and the schoolcensus of each district:Center Hill, Consolidated SchoolNancy Owens and Mabel Wasson,teachers; school census, 147.Houston Nannie Clay, teacher;62. '. Clay's Crossroads Mrs. BirdieWebb, teacher; 62.Fords Mill Teachers to be supplied; 94Palmer Nora Hudson, teacher;76.Kiserton Minnie Kiser, teacher ;76.Shawhan Isabelle Merinell, teacher; 82.Eales Catherine Florence, teacher; 25.Ruddles Mills Jane Leach, teacher; 57.Mclllwain Supplied teacher; 25.Collville Mrs. J. A. Bowles, teacher; 68.iPurdy Supplied teacher; 45.Millersburg Clifton R Bush,principal; Mjildred Bruce, Hazel Kerrand Miss Bonta, teachers; 184.Tarr Miss Nina Crow, teacher;62.Deaver Bess Sweeney, teacher;81.Letton Fay McWhorter, teacher;Cane Ridge Mary Ross, teacher;62.Burris Isa Lowe, teacher; 57.Littte Rock Graded School Prof.T? M "Roberts nrincinal: PrincieGains, Ollie Prather and Ada Blvins, 1teachers; 111. Opens September 15. iNorth Middletown Graded SchoolR. R. Eliott, principal; 200. Begins September 15.Spears Mill Elizabeth Hudnall,teacher; 118.Stony Point Supplied teacher; 83.Escohdlda Supplied teacher; 54.Cttntonville Mrs. Frank P. Bedford, teacher; 60.Dudley Elizabeth Donnelly veacner; 51.Bethlehem Mary Ella Belle,teacher; 41.Hutchison Jennie Link, teacher;46.Monterey Margaret Calvin, teacher; 59.-Centerville Supplied teacher; 76.Brentsville Mary Lou Davis,teacher, 33.Currentsville Louise Evans, teacher; 63.Ruddles Mills Anna Miller,teacher,; 28.Millersburg .Lizzie uowen anuGeorgia Dinwiddie, teacher; 99.Tattle "Rock Training School Prof.J. W. Callery, principal; Daniel Carmen, teacher; 112.North Middletown J. W. Muirand Emma Butler, teachers; 132.Clintonville Sidney Harrison,teacher; 52.Sidville Margaret Hugnes, teacn-er; 36.Emmensville unaries k. isiana,teacher; 65.oSOCIAL AND PERSONALComings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.AUTO ACICDENTS HGURENEWS COLUMNS.Miss Josephine Hines, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Miss ElizabethGregory, in this city., Messrs. Gus Christman and Arthur M. Christman are visiting relatives m Harrodsburg and Danville.Mr. and Mrs. Parker Hall havereturned to their home in Norwood,Ohio, after a visit to Mt. and Mrs.Wallace Branhill.The mejmbers of the club towhich he belongs were guests Monday of Dr. Avonia Kiser, at theSweet Shop, at supper.Mrs. Fred Weckesser has returned to her home in this city after avisit to her mother, Mrs. V. Pomeroy, !in iunzaoetn, west Virginia.Miss Rosa Toohey has returnedto her home near Paris, after a threeweeks' visit to friends and relativesin Maysville and Mason county.Miss Sarah Potash has returnedto her home in Victoria, Texas, aftera visit to Miss Margaret Petree andDr. Martha, Petree, of this city.Mrs. R. S. Saunders and sons,Irwin Taylor Saunders and StewartSunders, of Thomasville, Ga., areguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Jas. M. Caldwell.Miss Elizabeth Summerville hasreturned to her home in Montgomery,Aalabama, after a visit to Dr. andMrs. J. T. Vansant, on Pleasantstreet, in this city.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan anddaughter, Miss Frences, have returned to their home in Lexington, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. EdwardBurke, in this city.Miss Sena Rion entertained witha six-o'clock dinner Wednesday evening in honor of her guests, Mr. andMrs. Robert Ogden and Mr. and Mrs.R. H. Lewis, of Winchester.Mrs. N. W. Smith, of this city,has gone to Knoxville, Tenn., to beat the bedside of her son, Lieut.Maxwell T. Smith, who has been seriously ill for some time.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,was in EddyVille this week, where hehad been conducting the LyonsCounty Teachers' Institute.-Mrs. Walter Kenney entertained at her home near Paris yesterdayafternoon. A large number of guestspartook of the hostess' hospitality,and all had a most enjoyable time.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathersjoined a party of friends at Louisville, Wednesday, and proceded toPaducah, where they went on a rivertrip. Rev. and Mrs. E. E. vioieite,of Kansas City, Mo., are members orthe party.Miss Julia Bronston, of Jacksonville, Florida, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Hirayn Roseberry, at their homeon South Main street, in this city.Mrs. Roseberry will entertain this afternoon in honor of Miss Bronstonand Miss Maeowan, of New York,who is the guest of Mrs. FrederickWallis.Miss Marian Megowan, of New,York, is a guest of Mrs. FrederickWallis, at the home of the latter'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HenryClay, on Pleasant street. Miss Megowan will be guest of honor Saturday evening at a dinner to be givenat the Country Club, near Lexington,IN by Mr. Charlton Clay, of near Paris.The One MinuteGrain Cleaner!i'slMKSIilBiSHfc I9- ASomething That Every FarmerWho Sows as Much as 10 Acresof Wheat Should Have.IflCome and let us show youwhat this little machine willdo.It will help you raise moreand much better wheat thanyou ever raised before, andwill more than pay for itselfin one season.:IC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.WWW WWWWWWwWw ffflfffwl:HENDRICKS"THF, SCREEN MAN"125 Cei1 . Will bi . Rics PacksI Postu:c:erenisuyie ofMarion Gay and a party of friendsfrom Mt. Sterling were in a carwhich overturned on the road nearNorth Middletown. Two wheelswere smashed and considerable otherdamage was done. The men wereuninjured except, for a few bruises.An automobile belonging to Nathan Young, was standing on Mainstreet, in Carlisle. The engine wasrunning and Dutch Feeback attempted to release the brakes on the car,put the car in gear and not havingany experience in driving motor vehicles, it moved slowly across theand into the ditch at Archdeacon'scorner.A large truck belonging to theBlue Grass Produce Company, of Carlisle, ran into Brush Fork Creek. Oneof the chauffeurs had driven the carto his hojme on Spring street and leftit to go into his home for dinnerwhen a small boy climed into thecar, released the brakes and seeingthe car move off jumped out. Thecar dashed down a steep bank intothe creek.MLMADISON COUNTY MAN TOCEED WILEY.sue-ALweighing over apound, net.What are you payingfor coffee?rSBSBSaSBSESESaMiss Favola Dundon was given asurprise party Tuesday night at herhome on Houston avenue, by a number of her friends. The party wasin the nature of a farewell, as thefamilv were tmaking preparations formoving to their new home on Twen-1tieth street. Music ana aancing wereenjoyed, after which refreshmentswere served by the "surprisers."Miss Belle Horton entertained anumber of friends at cards at herhome on the Hume and Bedford pike,near this city, Monday evening. Atthe conclusion of the games, a de-'lightful salad course was served. Theguests for the evening were: Mr.and Mrs. W. B. Ardery, Miss Elizabeth Blanton (Richmond), Miss EvaSpencer (Lexington), Miss isiancyGriffith, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig,Mrs. Durand Whipple, Messrs. O. T.Hinton, Wm. K. Ferguson, Benj.Buckner, Charlton Clay, Mr. Crommerlin and Roy Porter (Maysville.)(Other Personals on Page 5)o-BOURBON EARMING CONDITIONS.t ort rtV.nor Q-nfl'rnrn r.rons have Imade excellent growth in this countythe past week and both will be muchbetter than was expected two weeksago. Under the benificent influenceof hard rains and sunshine the pastures have taken on new life 'thus assuring good grazing for the future.Fall plowing is now being pushedand rye is being sown on the fieldsthat have been cleared of tobacco.Plowing for wheat is also going on,and the seed factor is one that's causing the farmer considerable worry.Very little high grade wheat wasproduced here the past season andseed wheat will of necessity be high.Much tobacco has already been cutand the work of topping cutting andhousing the weed is occupying alarge part of the farmers' time. It isthought the tobacco crop will be afair one, though the spotted appearance of the fields has not entirely disaoneared. The livestock market islooking up. The shortage of cars has 1held back shipments and many cattleAll Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.. MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENT:When you think of Window SsreenB -and WeatfeenrStrips, think of HENDRICKS. k " Tmr-mWhen you think -of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER StPI&PS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKS6ml helivgs and has offices at;'e4 Ranfcl Ave, Lexington, Ky.. Telephone 2585A card siinpily addressed to '"Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight, per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized as -thebest by all good architects.!9Governor Black announced the appointment of Joe S. Boggs, of Richmond, as State Commissioner ofRoads to succeed Rodman Wiley, ofGeorgetown, who recently resignedto accept the position of chief engineer for the Kentucky Rock AsphaltCompany.Mr. Boggs, who is a graduate ofCentral University, has been an engineer for the last sixteen years. Hewas formerly country surveyor ofMadison county and for sometime hasbeen connected with the State Boarddepartment as division engineer. Heis well and favorably known throughout Central Kentucky and his selection is regarded as a good one. It isunderstood that he will assume theduties of the office immediately uponthe retirement of Mr. Wiley,oupholstery the waste from cleaning Isold as far back as two weeks ago are.Bahama steal fiber is being used. still in the pastures. ,$90,000STAKESANDPURSESSept. 29TOOct. 10The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and Throat, ? iKOOMS 403-404FE&ST NAT'L B AKK tJTLDDIGPHOHE 136CAHAL BROS.BAEBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attemtka frPtroa.HOAJTO-OilJ Bant ' 'h-1&i itX..,1iMl!r1.uVAiiJJJ J:r-cf-;HV,.Y s."kt 4.1 $, t, J-',r 'ZlfflE 70UI7J"'-Crrr MB bouibo mews, -su, mmwrrFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, IJif-Siv, ""- ':The Proposed Road Taxof Bourbon County..MR. EDITOR: We hear manypersons who are interested either directly or indirectly advocating theroad tax in the form that it has beenproposed, but those who for one reason or another oppose it, seldom takejtime to state their reasons., If one will stop to think there aremany objections to the proposition,and while we are not going to discuss the matter at length, there aresome things that occur to us towhich the attention of the publicshould be called.At the meeting Tuesday night oneof the speakers said that this was notime for the fellow, who plodded ordrove along at the rate of four orfive jmiles -an hour; that this was an" age of progression. Another speaker,a lawyer, said that it was true thatthe law did not permit the delegatingof power to any Commission longerthan the expiration of the terms ofthe members of a Fiscal Court, whichis two years.Every advocate of this tremendoustax admits that the big automobilesand lieavy trucks are responsible forthe rapid wear of the roads ,and yetwe have not heard of a single oneadvocating the taking of this taxoff the owner of the small house andlot and small business place, andplacing it where it properly belongs,on the big automobile owner and the"big business employing so many automobiles and trucks.They say no one is to get anythingtmt of this big tax, yet they are advocating the "borrowing of these"huge sums of money just as if thesesame people, who are its loudest advocates would loan the poor widow100.00 unless she paid interest atthe rate of six per cent, or more andgave a mortgage to secure payment;yet would not charge interest onthese large sums. Of course interest will have to he paid. And thereare the Sheriff and Deputies all outtelling how foolish and unprogressiveyou are when you tell them you areopposed to the high taxes and manyassessments on your property. Ofcourse, they are looking out for theirown interest. They get four percent, for collecting this $1,140,000.00, which ajmounts to 4,600.00.Do not be misled by the cunning"guardian" of the "people's interest," who is sending his agents aboutthe county to mislead you with hisjuggle of figures about creating asinking fund that will take care ofthis bond issue, etc., just as if thiswould never have to .be paid back.The war has just been won and thereare its costs to be met, and they aremany. The people are burdened withtaxes, National, State, County, Cityand District, and it is a bad time tobe heaping so many taxes on propertygenerally.Why not postpone this stupendous;tax until building material and laborare more reasonable? Vote "NO" onboth of these propositions and thereby dp a great deed in helping thesmall property owner, who is nowstruggling against high taxes and increased rentals in every forpi.Why should some folks wax sowarm and get so red in the face because sqme dare oppose them in trying to make clear to you, Mr. Taxpayer, this great and important matter which effects every propertyowner in the county?It is amazing what great interestthese "money-lenders" are professingfor "cross-road" pikes just now, whenthey admit that the main roads anda few pet communities will be takencare of first, then, as usual, themoney will all be gone and the"cross-road" pikes left to the future.There must be an end somewhereto this increased tax mania of thepresent day. The people must resistor they cannot pay the taxes thatwill be heaped upon them from yearto year. Now is the time to stop.TAX PAYERS.(Advertisement.)HBS. BRUER CELEBRATES HEREIGHTY-SIXTH BIRTHDAY.LODGE NOTES.Quite a happy surprise was givento Mrs. Mary Bruer at her home onFourth Street, Saturday afternoon,when about thirty-five of her friendscalled at different hours during theafternoon to offer congratulationsupon her eighty-sixth birthday.Her daughter, Miss Louie, assistedhy Mrs. Geo. 'Ellis, Mrs. H. A. Powerand Miss Sara Power, served Icest-and cakes to the friends.At the close of the afternoon. Rev.and Mrs. G. R. Combs, Dr. B .F. Orrand -daughter, Miss Olivia, Mr. andMrs. C. P. Cook, Mr. and Mrs. H. A.Power called, and while seated in'the dining-room, Rev. Combs, who isMrs: BruerV pastor, paid a beautifultribute to her life and offered congratulations and felicitations uponthe attainment of such a long anduseful life.Dr. Orr"" offered a prayer, whichwas tj fitting close for so happy anoccaBn.A.Rend present wrote the following poem and dedicated it to Mrs.1 Bruer:Softly, oh softly, the years haveswept by thee,Touching thee lightly with tenderestcare,-Sorrows and death they have oftenbrought nigh thee, 'Yet they have left thee but.'beautyto "wear.Growing old willingly,Thankful, serene.Tour-score and six are the yearsgiven thee,"Full of good deeds and service they'vebeen,'Many the life that has been brightened by thee,"Helped and encouraged and turnedfrom their sin.'Growing old happily,Cheerful and bright.At the meeting of the "Dokies,"the Knights of Pythias auxiliary,held in Lexington, this week, the following members of Rathbone Lodgewere initiated: J. B. Peterson, Roscoe Carjmichael, B. R. Dickerson,Thos. Williams, Thos. Boaz and LouisWollsteln.The lodge room for the PythianSisterhood, the ladies auxiliary of theKnights of Pythias, has been completed, and was used for the first timeat the meeting held last night.The committee, Knights John, K.Cahal, P. J. McCord and Chas. W.Fothergill, appointed by RathboneLodge, K. of P., will begin their can-j vass in a few days in the interest of1 the $100,000 endowment campaignfor the K. of P. Widows' and Orphans' Home at Lexington. Thiscounty 'has 300 members, each one ofwhqtn will be expected to make acontribution of $10 to make upBourbon's quota, $2,800. Thesecontributions are to be voluntary,and can be paid in four installments.The committee expects to see everymember.THOUGHtlTWAS A 1'ELYER."A group of citizens were standingon the corner of Fourth and Mainstreets, discussing the weather andother kindred topics, when suddenlythere was a humming, droning soundin the air as if an aeroplane wasmaking a flight over the city. Withnecks craned as long as they couldbe stretched out the men "rubbered"until their straining eyes could seealmost beyond the blue of the sky,but no aerial visitor greeted theirvision.The sound was heard by otherswho came from stores and otherplaces in a hurried effort to get aglimpse of the supposed high-up-visitor.The sound continued, growingin volume. Suddenly a large birdappeared high in the air and the rubbernecks were confident they hadsolved the mystery. But they wereall mistaken, as, in a few minutes, arepair man from a nearby garageemerged from beneath a large machine standing near the curbingsome distance away, and exclaimed,as he gathered up his tools: "Therenow, I guess that old auto horn willquit its music and begin to actright." An auto horn on the machinehad become jammed in some manner,and in an endeavor to get it on theright road again, the owner of themachine had made it worse. Hence,the aeroplane effect, and hence, thedisappointed spectators.oSTATE AUDITOR ANNOUNCESAMOUNTS ON HANDS IN FUNDSRUBIN & CHERRY CAENIVAIilCOMPANY NEXT WEEK,The Rubin & Cherry Carnival Co.,which is rounding out a week's engagement at the Blue Grass Fair, in 'Lexington, will arrive in Paris, Sunday, and pitch its tents on the Wilsonlot near the Tenth street passengerstation of the L. & N., for a week'sengagement.The Rubin & Cheery "outfit" israted as one of the topnotchers inthe carnival attraction line, and ismade up of a long list of high-classattractions. The company is beingbraught to Paris under the auspicesof the Paris fire department. Thecitizens of the county may look forward to a week of pleasure fromMonday to Saturday, with all thetrimmings.MEMORIAL HALL DESCRIBED TOSTATE SCHOOL HEADS.State Auditor Greene announcedthe amounts on hand in the differentfunds of the State government as ofSeptember 1. They follow. Sinkingfund, $43,304.50; school fund, $502,642.81; State University fund, $502,084.53; general expense fund, $2,594.85; Eastern State NormalSchool, $744.48; Western State Normal School, $744.48; State road fund,$137,258.32; balance in treasury,$712,363.97.The outstanding indebtedness ofthe State aggregates $3,668,738.44.as compared to $3,528,161.00 forlast month.In order to arouse interest amongthe school authorities of the State inMemorial Hall to be erected on theUniversity of Kentucky campus inmemory of the 2,756 Kentuckianskilled during the World's War, Superintendent of Public InstructionfV. O. Gilbert is sending out the firstseries of letters to city and countyschool superintendents. In .the letterhe says that the boys and men whomade the supreme sacrifice werefighting for an ideal and for thehonor of Kentucky.A tablet will be placed in the Hallof Fame on which will be engravedthe names of the Kentuckians whogave their lives. War -relics and records pertaining to Kentucky's partin the war will be collected for theHall of Fame.oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, Sept. 5 EthelClayton, in "A Sporting Chance;"Ruth Roland, in the last episode of"The Tiger's Trail."Toimorrow, Saturday, Sept. 6.Vivian Martin, in "An Innocent Adventuress;" George Larkin, in "TheTerror of The Range;" Christie Comedy, "Know Thy Wife."Monday, Sept. 8 MargueriteClark, in "Still Waters;" Mack Sennett Comedy, "When Love Is Blind;"Burton Holmes Travel Pictures.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi:.Room For RentsTwo rooms suitable for lighthousekeeping. Conveniently locatedin good neighborhood. Apply at thisoffice. (sept5-tf)Motor Bus For SaleA beautiful motor bus mounted onRepublic Chassis. Been. used but 500miles; accommodates 23 adults. Willsell for less than body costs. A bargain. AddressF. M. RATCLIFFE,24 W. Walnut St., Columbus, O.(5-lt)FALL vSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryANNUAL AVERAGE 7 PER CENT;YOTJ CAN'T EQUAL IT"ELSEWHERERich in experience that angels mightcovet,iRich in faith uhat hath -grown withthe years,Ttich In a love that grew from andabove it,Soothing thy sorrows and hushingthy fears.v Growing old wealthily,Xoving and dear.Eyes that grow dim to earth and itsglory,Have a sweet recompense earth cannot know,Ears that grow dull to the world andits story.Drink in the songs that from Paradise flow. wGrowing old gracefully,Purer than snow.During the past five and a halfyears our .dividends have averaged7-;per cent, annually. Can you beatit for a saving account? See ourSecretary and learn the details.PEOPLES BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.Office with Peoples Deposit BankTrust Company.&DELEGATES TO D. OF C. CONVENTIONS SELECTED.ESCAPED INMATE RETURNED.Henry Singleton, a colored inmateof the Eastern Kentucky Hospital fortke Insane, at Lexington, who escaped from that institution, Monday, wascaptured near the home of Mrs. Ed.Turner, Tuesday morningjy Chief ofPolice Link. Singleton was held until officials from, the Hospital came toParis and took him back..Singleton had visited several farmfepuses along the Lexington pike.A each place visited he climbed atree and began in loud tones to exhort and preach to those who hadgathered around him. His final appearance was at the Turner home,--irkre li "was discovered, matingrm on the lawn. His arrest folSowti. l i tv- . - ,Delegates to represent the RichardHawes Chapter, Daughters of Confederacy of Paris, at the State Convention in Paducah, September 1718, and the National Convention atTampa, .Florida, Oct. 28-29, were selected at a meeting of the Chapter,held in their rooms in the courthouse. 'The following were selected to attend the Paducah convention: Mrs.C. C. Leer, Miss Carroll Leer, Mrs.Ada Rice, Mrs. Russell Mann, Mrs.A. B. Hancock. Those who will goto the National Convention are Mrs.Russell Mann and'Mrs. Ada Rice.Mrs. J. T. Vansant presided at themeeting, where considerable business of a routine nature was transacted. The winter Drosrram .is beinerarranged.-A, C-A.C3-3SriiniCE33SrTBourbon County FarmOF 540 ACRES, IN FIVE TRACTSAT AUCTIONWednesday, Sept. 10, at 10.30 A.M.KSjSrE S: T.- B" "B-ck. situatedwoodland.TEACHERS INSTITUTE.The white Teachers' Institute ofBourbon county will convene at thecourt house in this city, Monday.Mrs. Robert Bell hasv been recommended for the position of organizingthe Parents-Teachers organization.The Institute will he conducted byProf. Charles A. Keith, of the EasternKentucky Normal School, at Richmond.-v..ixiu. au e-xauisite nome. nnntod ; t,..4..c..iAll eleven-rnnm Vi-nc.n , .i:-i. -,, . -,. , "UoC, must arusucauy nnisned bv Geore-PConnell who decorated the Governor's mansion at Frankfort hardwoodfloors, hot water heated, actylene lighted, slate roof, concrete ceHar twobath rooms, servants' house and all outbuildings. 'Thistract contains 208 acres, 65 acres in old forest woodland 50acres m cultivation, 16 acres in you mr clover and , ,. '??! ,' 5grass sod. One barn 96 by 54 by 20 with 200 ton cantTuZZTen inree good stock barns with water in each. This tract is extra wellwatered and extra well fenced.TraJSfT ' 2Filirview' Direc"y across the Russell Cave pike fromsplendid i nZT-lS:ne hUndred aCr6S' a11 in old blue s aconcrete foul , IT' SSe &d bani' new stock scs ontS?1S t V IT""7 0Utbuildin Newly fenced andwen watered. This tract is better known as the James Rowland farm.TRACT NO. 2 The win o..iL ,. . .nriRmn-rrr ,. uuuuulu ""jm, adjoining Tract No. 2," ww' "a& two &ooa mouses, one 14-acre tobacco barnu6 except acres. Extra well fenced and waterednas a famous sulphur well on it.TRACT NO. 4-The Berry Place, adjoining Tract No 1 and fronting the Russell Cave pike, comprising 100 acre- H n L and frontbrand new 10-acre tohacco barn. Fencing Z ? " JST:in nirt Mn or-o , . . 0""u' "c" Venerea. All.. u tjiiuw oua exuepc tenacres.76 acres, lvin- inefHas a beautiful seven-m grass. Watered hv twncorn-All inThis tractTRACT NO. 5 The Froman Place, romprisinn.p.rnsc fhek Pnonaii n,,. m.. .ocu vepiite irom Tract No. 4room House, a new 10-acre tobacco barn; all1CUU1U pouus, cistern, at door, ex-t.m. woii fThe following personal property and equipment will aiso be soldTwo extra. Jacks; good Percheron stallion-' two S"mares with colts; two teams of five and sJye'arM m,o hPef er0nand colts; 2 fourfold Percheron work XTEcows and.calves; 3 yearling calves; 1 yearling bull 80 e- tr? ',7?&zt; tlx hbrr sows: 7s hoss -fro " " pots ewes75 tons of extra baled mixed hayTita0SXntwithf rZtSF&SSIft, 2nx 5W newone Blizzard cutter complete one rniMnn-vL o -C H' C' hay Press,uucuwu dim jxnuaen i?urniture.The elaborate processes of makingchange now found necessary may, callfor a restoration of the old 2 and 3-"cwtplw- 'The owner. B. F. Bucklev. having mn.,.j : . -.... ..BOND&BUCKNER p C D.,riIPVREAL ESTATE AGENTS AND AUCTIONEER " DUvULEY. UWI1AIPHONES 293 AND 445, VERSAILLES kv WWBmfcfclp WWIIC!TCDMCI m I ?' "I" ... ' W 23K-X, LEXIN6TON, KY.xxaM,ivAi funu MADE KNOWN ON DAY OF SALE.mr. J. Morw LeerM the premi.es, will take please in $howiif ,tke far.. '3? U.t&:$!' 4-" ! v- C xVi; -'i I ,Jr-Ifr --1-,'FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1919THE BOUBBOR HEWS, PABK, KEHTTTCTY1 f 1 TPAGEJTTCFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)VOLLEY BALL GATWES AT "Y."The volley ball game seasonopened at the Y. M. C. A. Tuesdaynight, when a team under Boys'Work Secretary Sheffield defeated ateam captained by Poster Mitchell.The gymnasium has been thoroughlyoverhauled t and put in fine sbape forthe season.OTCHOLS BUYS GOOD ONE.Mr. S. Kenney Nichols, of Paris,has purchased the six-year-old chestnut mare, Bonnie Tess, by Star ShootLast Cherry. Bonnie Tess is a halfsister to Cherryola, dam of Purchase,and has won seven races this year.Bonnie Tess is expected to make aconspicuous showing for the Nicholsstable this fall.oINSURE YOUR TOBACCO INTHE BARN.Best fire insurance on tobaccoin the barn. Prompt settlements. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.(aug29-5t)ATTENDING THE BLUE GBASSFAIB.With the exception of those whosebusiness duties kept the-m at home,Paris was almost deserted yesterday.Everyone who could go and wantedto go, attended tie Blue Grass Fairat Lexington. The attendance fromthis county has been large allthrough the week, but as Thursdayis always the banner day, "everybody was there."oTUBOTIKE KEMERS COMPLETEDContractor John "Peter" Cain hascompleted his contract of repairingthe Greenwich pike from the intersection of the Paris and Lexingtonpike, to the Fayette county line. Heiiajs moved the rock crusher plantfrojm the Jacoby quarry to thequarry on the farm of E. P. Claybrook, near Hutchison, and is working on the resurfacing of the Hutchison and Bethlehem pike.oB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts, 0TENANT HOUSE DAMAGED BY- SMALL HBE.ft-- V "An alarm from Box 24 Wednesdayafternoon called the fire departmentto Sycamore street, where a tenanthouse occupied by colored people, Jhad caught fire from a defectiveflue. The blaze was a stubborn oneand took considerable time, to sub"due. ' t sThe house, which was owned byBr. George Varden, was damaged tothe extent of about $300.PARIS MAN" "BUNS WILD."-William Lawrence, of Paris, recently discharged from the army service, was arrested in Louisville, fined?15 and costs and placed under bondof $300 for three months on a chargeof disorderly conduct. Lawrence andseveral others -were arrested at ahouse at Tenth and Walnut streets,in a raid made by the police. Themen claimed they were on their wayto the Tenth-street L. & N. passenger station, and had only been at thehouse twenty jminutes.oYOTJE OPPORTUOTTY TO BEGINSAVING AND EARN SEVENPEE CENT.People who had never "before savedtheir money have during the past fiveand a half years saved neat sumswith us, at the same tipne earnedseven per cent, interest on theirmoney. If you want a safe investment join our new series beginningSeptember 6.PEOPLES BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.Office with Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company.oGOOD BOADS MEETINGA large audience composed ofthose mainly interested in the goodloads movement for Bourbon county,was present at the court house Tuesday night, when local speakers discoursed on the merits of the movement. Talks -were given on the subjectby John T. Collins, John J. Williams,E. M. Dickson and Judge GeorgeBatterton. In his repiarks Mr. Dickson said that the men behind thegood roads movement were the oneswho had made a success of all thebig drives put through in Bourboncounty, and that they ought to besucceif&ful in this instance, as thedrives of the county would be vitallyuffeoted by tb result. of the Specialelectkm. to e fc14 to-Biorrow.SOCIAL A2TD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Henry Fuhrman,has returned from a business trip to points inFlorida.Mr. Ira Parks and Mr. W. C.Bell are in St. Louis, Mo., on a business mission.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Brierly andfamily, of Greenville, Indiana, arevisiting relatives near Paris.Mr. B. M. Renick, of the ParisMilling Co., left yesterday for a business trip to Tiptonville, Tenn.Mrs. C. B. Daugherty has returned to her home in Flemingsburgafter a visit to relatives in Paris.Miss Nellie McClintock, whohas been ill at her hqme on ConventHeights, was somewhat improvedyesterday.Miss Helen Hutchcraft entertained the Mission Circle of, theChristian church, at her home onSecond street, Tuesday afternoon.Misses Frances Kenney and Elmeta Hinton will leave Monday forDanville, where they will enter theKentucky College for Woman as students. Mrs. James W. Thompson entertained the members of her bridgeclub Wednesday afternoon at herhome on the Lexington pike, nearthis city.Mr. and Mrs. John McLain andgranddaughter, Miss Hazel, of nearParis, left yesterday for a visit tofriends and relatives at' CumberlandGap, Tenn.Miss Louise Connell, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. John J. Connell, and agraduate of the Paris Hierh School.will attend at Oxford, Ohio, thisschool term.Miss Elizabeth Blanton has returned to her home in Richmond, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson, and Mrs. Durand Whipple,on Stoner avenue.Mr. Clarence M. Thomas, cashierof the Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Co., attended the meeting ofthe State Bankers' Association, heldin Louisville this week.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Hfiner, MissHelen Hifner and Miss KatherineNunan have returned to their homesin Lexington, after a visit to MissMartha Viley, near this city.The members of the TrianerleClub of the Christian church wereentertained last night with a picnicsupper on the lawn at the home ofMrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, on Secondstreet.Mr. Albert Holliday, former Parisian, now a resident of Chicago, isspending his vacation in this citywith his sisters, Mrs. George W.Judy and Misses Emily and CarrieHolliday.Mr. Volney O. Hildreth, whowes reared in Bourbon county, butwho has lived in Texas for manyyears, who is a lawyer, and the proprietor of a large cattle ranch nearFort Worth, Texas, is visiting Robt.C. Talbott. . ,Miss Rosina Elder left Tuesdaymorning for St. Petersburg, Fla.,where she will spend the winter withher aunt, Mrs. Rona Webb. Mrs.Webb, who has been a guest of hePsister, Mrs. F. S. Elder, accompaniedher niece. --Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Moore, sonRalph, and daughter Ruth, and Mr.and Mrs. Geo. Sharon, came up fromtheir home in Pendleton county,Wednesday to visit their uncle andaunt, Mr. and' Mrs. J. L. Day, ofVine street.Miss Anne Malloy, of Lexington,a popular visitor in Paris, left Tuesday for Martha's Vineyard, in RhodeIsland, with a party of friends on along motor trip until the last of September, when she will return to herstudies at Smith College, Northampton, Massachusetts-.Mt. Sterling Gazette: "Miss Elmeta Hinton, of Paris, was the guestof Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Chenault forthe dance Mrs. Robt. P. Walsh.and children, of Paris, have been theguests of Mrs. John Salmons and Mrs.Luther Redmon for the past severaldays Mrs. O. P. Clay and herdaughter, Miss Eleanor Clay, returned Monday to their home in Paris after a visit to Roy G. Kern."Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. W. J. Ecklar and daughters visited friends in Paris, Sunday Mr.H. C. Ogle, Sr., of Paris, was a guestof friends here this week. Mr. Oglehas passed his eightieth milestone,and wTiile growing feeble takes akeen interest in current affairs. Hepromises The Democrat some interesting historical data of Harrisoncounty for an early issue."Mrs. Frederick Wallis entertained Wednesday night at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay, in honor of her guest,Miss Marian Magowan, of New York.The guests for the occasion were, besides Miss Magowan and the hostess,Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, Mr.Edgar Vansant, Mr. Cassius M. Clay,Mr. John Harris Clay, and Miss JuliaBronson, the latter of Jacksonville,Florida.Mrs. Thomas Darnaby entertained the Missionary Society, Tuesday afternoon, at .her Jhome nearClintonville, with Mrs. Laura Tayloras honor guest. Mrs. Taylor is oneof the pioneer C. W. B. M. workers.The following from Paris attended:Misses Lizzie Grimes, Edith Shive,Margaret Shive, Mary Adams Talbott, Jaina McMillan Talbott; Mrs.Lizzie Walker, Mrs. J. Walter Payne,Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, Mrs. MiltgnStern and Mrs. Jeff Denton.Mr. Frank Merritt has returnedto Paris after a visit to his familyin Versailles.Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. J. Redmonleft Wednesday for a two-weeks' stayat Martinsville, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. James Stivers haveas guests Mrs. Bertha Poteet anddaughter, of Raymond, Kansas.Judge H. Clay Howard and Mr.George Howard have returned froma sojourn at Olympian Springs.Mrs. Harriet Rogers entertainedthe North Middletown Bridge Clubat her home near Paris yesterday.Miss Edith Atkins has returnedto her home in Cincinnati, after avisit to Mrs. Thompson H .Tarr, nearthis city.Prof. Thos. K. Smith, athleticdirector at the Y. M. C. A., and family have returned, from a visit to relatives in Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. H. B. Arnold, Miss HazelArnold and Miss Louise Keal havereturned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati.Mr. Earl Hertz, of Wilks-Barre,Pennsylvania, is a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein andfamily, on Pleasant street. .Miss Nell Crutcher will behostess this afternoon at the homeof Miss Nellie Fithian and Mrs.Georgia Webb with a "Five Hundred" party.Misses Nell Woods and HelenCain and Thomas and Edward Woodshave returned from a visit to MissesMargaret Burns and Dorothy McKenna, in Lexington.Miss Lucy Henry, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, suffering with typhoid fever, was reported as beingslightly improved yesterday.Miss Ruby Jane' Houston andguest, Miss Margaret Trotter, of PineBluff, Ark., are members of a houseparty being entertained in Winchester by Miss Alice Quisenberry.Mrs. Louise Anthon, the venerable mother of Mr. Albert Anthon, remains critically ill at her-son's homeoh. Mam street, in this city. Herother son, Mr. Wm. Anthon, and herdaughters are at her bedside.The Jemima Johnson Chapter D.A. R., of Paris will celebrate thebirthday of General Lafayette tomorrow. Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, ofLexington, will read a paper on"When Lafayette Cajme to Lexington." Miss Nancy Barbee Wilson, ofthis city, is a guest of Judge and MrsRobt. Winn, in Mt. Sterling. MissWilson, Miss Elmeta Hinton, andMr. Will Rogers, all of Paris, wereamong the guests present at thedance and supper given by Mrs. J.Carroll Hamilton, of Mt. Sterling, inhonor of Miss Jane Gorham, of Lexington, who is her house guest.The following Paris people andtheir guests are members of a camping party spending several days atVirden, Ky.r Mr. and Mrs. Silas E.Bedford and children, S. E. Bedford,Jr., and. Miss Sarah Bedford, Mrs.Henry Gaitskill, Mrs. Clay Gaitskill,Mrs. D. S. Henry, Miss Charlotte andElizabeth Henry, Raymond StamlerjMiss Annie Clay; Mrs. Mary Frazierand daughter, Miss Margaret Fraizer,of Louisville; Miss Emma Fisher, ofCynthiana. 'Stanford Interior-Journal: "Mr.and Mrs. !M. E. Pruitt motored overfrom. Millersburg, accompanied byMrs. Bedell Chanslor, and Mrs. SueChancellor, of Virginia, who willspend some time in Millersburg. . . .Mr. John W. Lawson, of Paris, hasbeen visiting his old friend, Mr. JohnHoltzclaw.'. . .Mr. Walter McPherson, formerly of Paris, has returnedto his home in Cincinnati, after avlsii to Mrs. John Baughman andother relatives in this city."Mrs. Sallie Bashford, who isnow in her eighty-third year, is critically ill at her home on Pleasantstreet, with hopes of recovery despaired of. Mrs. Bashford is the widow of James Bashford, for manyyears bookkeeper and confidentialman at the G. G. White DistillingCo.'s plant, in Paris.Mrs. Williajm Sparks entertainedat her home near this city, with a sixo'clock dinner in honor of her guests,her niece, Miss Margaret Sparks, ofAmarilla, Texas, and - Miss MaryFrances Barkley, of Cynthiana. Theguests, besides the guests of honor,were Misses Elizabeth Barlow, Marian Clifford, Ruby C. Shropshire,and Messrs. Claiborne Lisle, W. G.McKenney, James Boswell, GeorgeMcLeod and William Boswell.Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland entertained Tuesday afternoon with aluncheon-bridge at the WindsorHotel. The guests were received bythA TmstesR tho eniest of honor. Mrs.C. O. Deubaugh," Mrs. George StuartiundvMrs. J. O. Marshall. Luncheon,was served in the dining-room. Theforty guests were seated at a tablewhich extended the entire length ofthe room. Music was furnished bythe Society Orchestra, new-organized.After the luncheon, bridge was enjoyed during the remainder of the.afternoon, the prizes being awarded,to Mrs. John A. Bower and Mrs.,Prank Sledd. The rooms were beautifully decorated. Before departureeach guest was -presented fwith abeautiful pink rose. v -.. -(Otner pertonals on Page 3.)NewNever has the season been ushered in with more beautiful and attractive models than we are showing in4Coats Suits DressesBlouses SkirtsMillinery :The styles are graceful and becoming and are made upin a surprising variety of delightful color combinations,The early selection of. your Fall and Winter 'Apparel is advisableAll Summer Goods AtGreatly Reduced PricesHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.VOonVooirreedSfewCoucWFor everythingHouse furnishings,QUALITY goods.THE J.EITHERPHONE 36'Motor Hearsem-mjlFashionsFor Autumn.a vVfceB& JB vrVr7Mrs. Homelovter:A Sanitary Couch is one of the blessing ofday. It is a useful piece of furniture all daycan be turned into a useful bed at night.We have several handsome styles of Couchesthat will fit your home and the PRICE will fityour pocketbook.you need in Furniture and.remember we keep HIGH.it-T. HEVTON CO.PARISH KENTUCKYMotor, InvaUdjCoachsIMain StreetParis, Ky 3-SMM'Vtoand nU'SIXTH AND MUMUndertakingjij-V!'4IAa1rVjT 1, E, .--! "VMTEE BOITRjfoif HEWS, PABIS,- XEHTJJCKT"XFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, lJljlMGISTXSTATE TAX COMMISSIONER'S TAXHGURES FOR YEAR.TTTtt;- --;,THE MOST111ftWtIIi iJDANGEROUS DISEASEHo organs of the hums.n body are soImportant to health and long life as thekidneys. "When they slow up and commence to lag in their duties, look out!Find out what the trouble is withoutlel&T. Whenever you feel nervous,-weak, dizzy, suffer from sleeplessness,r h&vo. pains in the back wake upt once. Your kidneys need help. Thesere signs to warn you that your kidxeys are not performing- their functions properly. They are only halfein their work and are allowing- imurlties to accumulate and be converted Into uric acid and other poisons,which are causing you distress and willdestroy you unless they are drivenfrom your system.Get some GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OHCapsules at once. They are an old, triedpreparation used all over the world lorcenturies. They contain only old-fashioned,soothing oils combined withstrength-giving and system-cleansingherbs, well known and used by physicians in their daily practice. GOLDirEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are imported direct from the laboratories inHolland. They are convenient to take,and will either give prompt relief oryour money will be refunded. Ask forthem at any drug store, but be sure toget the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Accept no substitutes.In sealed packages. Three sizes.LOWER. RETAIL PRICES COMING.Unless reductions in wholesalefood prices resulting from sharphreaks on the produce markets arepassed on. to the consumer, vigorous.punitive action will he taken hy theDepartment of Justice, it was stated.Since most dealers now are co-operatingin the campaign to reduce livingcosts, officials said the lower wholesale prices should he reflected on theretail market in the near future.Profiteering in sugar virtually "hasceased, according to Judge Apies, assistant to the Attorney General incharge, of administering the food control. Eleven cents, he said, nowis accepted as the just price by dealers throughout the country.It has just about gotten so in "thiscountry that when a rich bachelorhas nephews they will come miles tocrank his automobile for him.FRANKFORT, KY., Sept. 4. Thetotal assessment of lands for 1919amounts to $1,786,639,837 which isan increase of $382,661,787 over1918. The total taxes on the assessment amounts to $6,922,490.20 oran increase of $1,457,522. 58 overlast' yearIn 1918 the total assessment oflands amounted to , $l,'403,978050and the total taxes $5,464,967.62.The total assessment on bank deposits for 1919 at the ten cent rateamounts to $209,372,483. In 1917when the tax rate on bank depositswas fifty-five cents the total assessment of bank deposits was $11,277,196, The State Tax Commission .hasprepared figures showing the taxesfor the present year as follows:Lands , $2,652,412.75Town Lots 1,471,550.61Live Stock 74,689.72Intangibles 1,452,684.32All other property 1,270,792.82Total taxes $6,922,490.20In 1918 the total taxes were asfollows :Lands $2,117,561.73Town lots 1,366,369.51Live Stock 50,314.86Intangibles 905,393 52All other property 1,025,32800I555c a packagebefore the warc a packageduring the war?vc a packageNOWTHE FLAVOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!' TV157 si mHiiiiwiiiniiiin tzX i inn nrrnn uaamX aatSSaSaSBBaarv$ SIslBHaBBHJLLa&AtViThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBAIsMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Kv Sffi.e.r?SS-t xo .J or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hoarse used for funeral purposes only.HBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMMvaaBBBBBBBBJBj , -.Total .$5,464,967.62The taxes on all this class of property, with the exception of live stockis secured on a forty cent tax rate.The rate on live stock subject to taxis ten cents.In setting a question which originated in Xouisville on the tax question the commission ordered that allproperty be assessed at a fair cashvalue sale as of July 1, 1919. Thepoints involved in the question werethe assessment of diamonds and automobiles. It was represented to thecommission that in Louisville diamonds were being assessed, not attheir value, but by carats and thatautomobiles were being assessed according to age. For instance a manwith a two year old automobile practically worn out had to pay the sameamount of taxes on his car as a manwith a two year old car which wasgood as new.oTHE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any merchant can have is a satisfied customer. No greater recommedation canbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop. GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough. Remedyfor years and. have always found thatit gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)oMEXICAN PRESIDENT DEPENDSMEXICO IN OPENING SESSIONMEXICO CITY, Sept. 3. A defense of Mexico against foreign representation, particularly from theUnited States, regarding the lives offoreigners and their property, wascontained in a message of PresidentVenustiano Carranza, read at theepening session of Congress Mondaynight.Particular reference was made inthe message to alleged injusticespracticed 'against Mexicans in theUnited States.A long list of the alleged offenseswas given under the section of theaddress devoted to foreign relations.The message also defended Mexico's neutrality .auring the WorldWar and protested against chargesthat the Mexican Government wasincapable and unwilling to protectforeign lives and property.In the message President Carranzaasserted that Mexico did not ask foradmission to the League of Nationsbecause, he said, the League did notestablish equality for all nations andraces.He reiterated that Mexico had notand would not, recognize the MonroedoctrineRegarding oil legislation, the message said the Government was willing to consolidate, but would notsacrifice its national sovereignty.oThere is (more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send(for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-sept)oWho Founded Jerusalem?Origin and early history are obscure.It was identified by Josephus withSalem, a city whose king some thirtyfive centuries ago was Malchisedech, aChaldean. The city did not pass completely to possession of the Jews untiltne time of David.H bbBHLT 0B9bvBibS!qDSb91BBBbBRbBBBBBBBBmbj IPmhI wMk W R Dl i li frA al K 1M MbT lii I ll klr J a M Uftil Xzmf ft fOf At I m 1H 4H0CSbW alHB9BBBBBk bSHBboBS Mi -B $ W V t If B 1 35l.9 f Si uY J bbbHbbVWl WmL-"Vm i wmm.Mmw nrniiiiffmn""""f m iiis.-""Bfr.:'fty,w.vRffTOjBBaaMBBjr i '' jVljnTTjfflMWjKjIjMKMMjiirL rBM. SewW18tBB5BBffi3f j-mmtm8mffl& mWaiM t nifHii iit iVIl " iC37T4htlMrbyR. J. ReyaoH'TebaecoG.PLAY the smokegame with a jimmypipe if you're hankering for a hand-out for what ails your smokeappetite!For, with Prince Albert, you've got a new listen on the pipe questionthat cuts you loose from old stung tongue and dry throat worries!Made by our exclusive patented process, Prince Albert is scotfreefrom bite and parch and hands you about the biggest lot of amokefun.that ever was scheduled in your direction!Prince Albert is a pippin of a pipe-pal; rolltd into, a cigarette itbeats the band! Get the slant that P. A. is simply everything anyman ever longed for in tobacco! You never will be willing tofigure up the sport you've slipped-on once you get that PrinceAlbert quality flavor and quality satisfaction into your smokesystem!You 11 talk kind words every time you get on the firing line!Tippy red bagt, tidy red tin$, hmndtome pound and half-pound tin humidor and that cla$y, practical pound crystal slats humidor withsponge moistener top that ketpe the tobacco in such perfect condition.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. GIII JEnJNIVERSA.LAR , Ii RUGGLES Jllll . 16 Bank R3w, Paris, Ky. f IPaths of Democracy.To accustom oneself to disregardthe accidents of manner and stationsufficiently to see the man as he is, tohave a clear sight for genuine character under any of the disguises of unfamiliarity and prejudice, to know howsimple and how common are the elements 'that go to the making of manhood, are -the paths that lead to beliefin democracy. George B. Woodberry."MES. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW HAT-SNAP."llllllllllMIIIIIMIIIIIllllltlllllllMJjjjijjjjjj"Have always feared rats. Latelynoticed many on my .farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droveswith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP (myself.It killed 17 and scared t&e restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply Co.(adr-Mpt)CHAMBERLAIN'S COIIC AND DI-ARBHOEA REMED.Y INMICHIGAN'Mrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wish to thank you for yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. Weare never without it in the house, andI am sure it saved our baby's lifethis supimer."Mrs. Mary Carrington, Caseville,Mich., says, "I have used Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyfor years, and it has always givenprompt relief.''(adv-sept)is-iitiumuCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.. , About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257miiimumrai. -,&m-4.t, .rTf7TEgT'AIi'A1 llHfeaaaaaJaJi 4. .. AjJl 'Lk , , .j.x.l '- Jj Vf " Xj SSSSSSMlttMlllSMMMMMiijBMylaiyriSBifaafcMaMM ,JkJsi5Lgjt- iiffiitr'Wfiiii fmk JfeifeGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DA Y 137; NIGHT 299- Corner Fifth ami Ptwant Streets, Parts, Ky.I1IIumumMtUMtestMaammaammumammumi.( ts.- . J.f TOIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1919THE BOTTRBOH ' NEWS, PABXS, EEHTDCKY.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA- J. FEEAGENTHOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBMGHTElCSJteiEVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.UseOiectricihTor DdbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Seating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)A MAN AND HIS WIFES.iJLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169tWOODSTUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Staking i1?10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not oyer110 and accrued dividend.' Net earnings for past three years have averaged bver four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on ail Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.ki JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.21 0 S. Fifth Street, ' r LOUISVILLE, KY,A Coated Tongue ?What it MeansA bad breath, coated tongue, badtaate in the mouth, languor and debility,are usuallysigns thatthe liver isout of order.Pbof. Hemmeter says:"The liver isan organsecondary inimportanceonly to theheart."We canmanu facture poisonswithin ourown bodieswhich are&8 deadly as a snake's venom.The liver acts as a guard over ourwell-being, sifting out the cinders andashes from the general circulation.A. blockade in the intestines pilesa heavy burden upon the liver. Ifthe-intestines are choked or cloggedup, the circulation of the bloodbecomes poisoned and the systembecomes loaded with toxic waste,and we suffer from headache, yellow-coatedtongue, bad taste inmouth, nausea, or gas, acid dyspepsia, languor, debility, yellow skinor eyes. At such times one shouldtake castor oil or a pleasant laxative. Such a one is made of Mayapple, leaves of aloe and jalap, putinto ready -to -use form by DoctorPierce, nearly fifty years ago, andsold for 25 cents by all druggists asDr, Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.Differing Fears.When it is a man getting a gelof false teeth, he Is afraid he Is notgoing to be able to eat with them;If it is a woman, she is afralQ shtwill not be able to talk.JUST WHAT SHE NEEDED."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to bo just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta. Bankson, Chillicothe, Mo."They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver and'rid me of backache and dizziness thatI had been subjecl to for some time.They did me a world of good and Iwill always speak a good word f6rthem."(adv-sept)FreshHome! Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376itmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy ypu.A phone brings ua.4 - ?WilmouVs' . " --I U lll.i.ilROBIN COOPER J0UND BEAD!NEAR NASHVILLE.NASHVILLE, TENN., Sept. 3.Robin J. Cooper, a Nashville attorney, whose trial for killing a formerUnited States Senator Edward W.Carmack, during the celebrated pistolduel between his father, Colonel D.B. Cooper and Carmack in 1908 attention, has been murdered hereunder mysterious circumstances,circumstances.Cooper's body was taken fromRichland Creek Saturday soon afterhis bloodstained automobile had beenfound on a bridge near his home inthe fashionable Belle Meade Parksection. The skull had been crushed,but there were evidences that a violent struggle had taken place beforethe fatal blow was struck.A Coroner's inquest late Saturdaydeveloped no clues to the murdereror murderers, but the police are proceeding on the theory that Cooperwas lured from his home by personsdetermined to rob him.This theory is based largely uponevidences that Cooper drew $10,000from a bank a short time before hedisappeared last Thursday night.An automobile . stopped .at theCooper home Thursday night, and,according to the police, the occupantsought a fresh supply ofgasoline. MrCooper, without hat or coat, got outhis own car to accompany the manto a garage.The authorities assume that theyoung lawyer was lured from hishome to the secluded bridge over thecreek and there done to death. Thecondition of his clothing indicatedthat he had been dragged some distance before he was thrown into thewater. Physicians who examinee thebody said the small amount o waterfound in the lungs was evidence thatCooper was dead when dropped intothe creek.Mrs. Cooper, who is a daughter ofMilton J, Smith, President of theLouisville & Nahville Railroad, has"been visiting: relatives in Louisville;Ky., and her absence accounts fortne j.aCt that the disappearance oher husband did not become knownuntil Saturday.There was no evidence that theCooper home had been robbed afterthe murder, and some doubt has beenexpressed that the lawyer would haveany great sum on his person. Hisempty pocketbook, however, wasfound in the bottom of- the automobile. Governor Roberts has offered a reward of $500 for the arrest and conviction of the murderers qf the lawyer. This later was supplementedby an offer of a similar amount bythe family. The police admit thatthey have nothing on which to workin solving the mystery.The killing of former Senator Carmack grew out of the race betweenCarmack and former Governor Patterson for Governor in 1908. ColonelD. B. Cooper, father of the younglawyer, was one of the closest advisers of Patterson and ill-feelingbetween Cooper and Carmack devoloped during the political campaign. After the election the. two met onthe street and exchanged shots.Young Cooper was with his fatherand fired the shot that caused Carmack's death. Both father and sonwere convicted by the lower courtof murder in the second degree, butthe State Supreme Court reversedthe verdict as to the son and remanded his case for a new trial. Whenyoung Cooper was brought to trialagain the charge was dropped.Colonel Cooper never served anypart of his sentence, having been pardoned by Governor Patterson,. a ,READ WHAT TJ. S. DEPARTMENTOP AGRICLUTURE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN DO.According to government figures,two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,482 individual rats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. RAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing with otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno smell. Cats or dogs won't touchit. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co., . (adv-sept)oNo Time for Sadness,Away with sadness ! She often rapsat my door, and while I try not to berude, I always pretend to be verybusy. Just a light word o' recognitionby way o common politeness! Thenlaugh if you can, an' do it quickly, lad,an' she will pass .on. Exchange.DESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have "been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enahle itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried thepn do so atonce.(adv-sept)Not Rain, Either.Said the facetious feller, "AccordJng to popular fancy a good many bus jbands go out Just to bit Jn.' lmnanapolis Star."I SPENT A $1 ON EAT-SNAP ANDSAVED THE PRICE OP A'HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with rats to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid of rat's. Spent $1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Cc. .. s. , .' ,, (adv-sept)Proof that Some Womendo AvoidMrs. Etta Dorion, of Ogdensbiirg, Wis., says:" I suffered from female trouhles which caused piercing painslike a knife through my hack and side. I finally lost all mystrength so I had to go to bed. The doctor advised an operationbut I would not listen to it. I thought of what I had read aboutLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and tried it. The firstbottle brought great relief and six bottles have entirely cured me.All women who have female trouble of any kind should tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."How Mrs. Boyd Avoided an OperationCanton, Ohio. 'I suffereduauaou me muun sun.ej.iug, auu.x would nave to go tnrougn anget well."My mother, who had been helped by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, advised me to try it before submitting to an operation,my troubles so I can do my house work without anyaimcuiuy. jl advise any woman wno is amicxea wrenfemale troubles to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-Vtame compound a trial andfor them." Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5th St., ? ,Every Sick Woman ShdjidVTVyLYDIA . PINKHVEGETABLE COMPOUNDBefore Submitting Tfc AnKEtfTUCKIAN 030 C0MAND AEMYOF OCCUPATION.Kentuckians generally will takepride in the fact that the commanderof the American forces to be left inGermany as an army of occupationis one of their fellow citizens.Announcement has been made bythe "War Department that MajorGeneral Henry T. Allen is to be incommand of the Ajmerican forced inGermany. General Allen is fromOwingsville, Bath County, Ky., andis well-known by many persons inParis and the surrounding country,try.The American force to be maintained in Germany has been considerably reduced and his commandprobably will not consist of morethan 8,000 or 10,000 men. But thenujmber of men does not indicate theimportance of the command. The responsibility is as great as though thenumber of men was much larger andGeneral Allen, as comjmander of thearmy of occupation, will have one ofthe most important posts under thegovernment.I LEMON JUICEI TAKES OFF TAN IGirls! Make bleaching lotion Iif skin is sunburned. Itanned or freckledtt..l-tH""t""tSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle, sunburn and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifler, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counter willsupply three ounces of OrchardWhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into the faoe,neck, arms and hands each day andsee how freckles, sunburn, windburnand tan disappear and how clear,soft and white the skin hecomes.Yes! It is harmless.(adv-F)SPECIALSFor This WeekWASH SKIRTSSlightly Soiled98cValues up to $3.00 and $4.00HATS98cEvery Hat Must Go.Ladies' White CottonHose15c PairMuslin Underwear ReducedTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Kyfrom a female trouble which,uwu uuu(bors aeciuea tnauoperation ueiore i comait relieved me fromil win do as mucn r ?LYDIA E.PINKH AM'. r: :OperationsBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsIXTelephone No. 4Sfc5?Mh&I TJJT jJThe Bourbon Laundrjr jParis, Kentucky ji-ctrSPECIAL SALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E- Guirtn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with usi for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless fzurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELT. W.314 Main St.aSBStialgSiagasaaSaS:trHaiif iTiif 'The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willlag,alwayson duty, day or night. vHe will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any oCthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in emrsMyHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you Vamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good pro,pective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a fewonde. .And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c mday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone & TelcqrabftCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.Send That Next JobBourbon News. Bestoc-y.X6L.4,,AM SOperationMEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.West Fifli StreetiSATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-merits in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we are Sprepared to do work infe- Iror none an solicit xyour patronaKe.-; r-:!wfc-,Vf-I'iJ4.f1glUiSPICERParis, Kentucky-.---oHW.MWof Printing to TfcWork; Right Pricemtammm.itorv -i'.Z-.tf-t'pcg'iw8,r'inmimiyTHE BOTOBOJT HEWS, PABIS, KBHTTTCMWHDAYSBPTBMBBR 5, 191 9.!hi1LIt:Y'mMJ 1MILLERSBURGMiss Sallie Mclntyre is criticallym.Shoes Just what you want at.Caldwell's prices right.Tablets, pencils and all kinds ofSchool material at Caldwell's.Millersburg is well representedfct the Blue Grass Fair this week.Mr. J. T. Judy left Sunday forthe State Fair at Jndianapolis, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Sheeler werein-Cincinnati on business Wednesday.Miss Aleta Wilson will leave toPay for a few days visit in Louisville, Drink Governors' Cup Coffee;Bold at Caldwell's at 45 cents apound.Mr. Bayles DeBell, of Ewing, isthe guest of his daughter, Mrs. R,5W. Caldwell.Master Ennis Earl Insko is improving nicely at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington.Mr. John Marshall, of Lexington,, was the guest of Mr. W. D. Mclntyre, Wednesday evening.Miss Leona Letton is at homeafter a week's visit to her sister,Mrs. Ed. Wilson, at Cincinnati.The M. C. will open Wednesday,Sept. 10, and M. M. I. Thursday, 11.The outlook for both schools is promising. Mr. H. A. Sheeler returned Tues'day after a few days visit to relatives at Germaniown, where he took5n the fair.Mr. J. B. Vimont is at hojme fromJCrab Orchard Springs, where heServed for three months as clerk inthe Spriifgs Hotel.Mr. and Mrs. Ves Chanslor andMr. and Mrs. Yoecum, all of Lexington, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. M.E. Pruitt, Tuesday evening.Mrs. BeDell Chanslor, of Stanford, and Mrs. Sue Chanslor, ofFredericksburg, Va., were guests ofMrs. M. E. Pruitt from Monday untilWednesday.Dr. C. C. Fisher, Rev. J. W.iGardner and Rev. J. D. Redd leftTuesday for the annual KentuckyConference of the M. E. Church,gouth, now in session at Shelbyville.The following were guests ofJMrs. A. S. Best, Tuesday: Mrs.Xrticien Maltby and daughters, MissesMary Page and Ann Maltby, oftWashington, Ky., and guests, MissNancy Pryor and Miss May ReeneFlannery and Miss George Hume, ofAustin, Texas.oIf only men could eat that mostWundan.t provender, food of thought,bow soon the props would be kicked!rom under the H. C. L. incubus!CScAveslourHeating ProblemPREPARE now for next" winter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stoves,or grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThTwiIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEa blessing last winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floorsand walls for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar but does notheat it. Come in end see thissubstantial, well-built furnace. Itis a fuel and labor saver.A. S. Best & Co., Agis.Millersburg, Ky.Both Phones 33(F-sepl TP-oct 1)ikPvLvtaLI HI95U LLH ExXZyrsTHE UNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATIONANNOUNCESDISCONTINUANCEafter Sept. 1st of certain" SUNDAY TRAINS1. operated during Summer months, as follows:.Leaving Paris 8:20 a. m. for Cincinnati." 9:38 p. m for Lexington.4i J9:30 p, m. for Maysville.Arriving: Pans 8:00 a. ra. from Maysville.8:05 a. m. from Stanford.8:10 a m. from Lexington.ft. S&ht changes .in schedules of other trains effective Sept.vth. Itor detailed information apply to local ticket agents.RELIGIOUS.Rev. Julian McClintock hasjust closed a three-weeks' tent meeting in a woodland near Danville,with seventy-eight persons making aconfession of faith.Bishop Louis W. Burton, of Lexington, will conduct the services atSt. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity, Sunday morning, at ,10:45o'clock. All are given a cordial invitation to attend this service.October 5 has been designatedas rally day for the B. Y. P. U. inSouthern States. The purposes areto enroll new members and organizenew unions in churches where onlyone, or none exists. The work willbe kept up through the month of October. The revival meeting which hasjust closed at the Little Rock Christian church, under the auspices ofthe pastor, Rev. Ward Russell, wasone of the most interesting held inthat church for years. The musicalservice was in charge of Mr. A. L.Boatright, chorister of the ParisChristian church. The meeting resulted in a total of thirty-three additions to the church, twenty ofJ whom were baptized Monday night.The annual Kentucky Conference of the Methodist Episcopalchurch convened at the CentenaryMethodist church in Shelbyville,Wednesday, and will continuethroughout Sunday. Bishop CollinsDenny, of Richmond, Va., is presiding over the conference, in whichthere are 225 accredited delegates.The conference will meet each morning at 9 o'clock and adjourn at noon.Evangelistic services will be held(each afternoon at 3 o'clock and thedifferent conference boards will holdtheir annual meetings when open-airservices will also be conducted.STOCK, CROP, ETC.If the initial sales of tobacco areany indication, the prices for theweed to be paid the coming seasonwill be much higher than last winter.A sale was made on the street atFrankfort of an entire crop at sixtycents per pound, leaf, lugs and all.Good judges estimate that the 1919tobacco crop of Bourbon county willbe of inferior quality and lackingin weight, as compared to that oflast year. They also say the cropwill not bring the farmers of Bourbon county the same revenue as didthe 1918 crop. The loss is estimatedby some of the tobacco men at practically two per cent., while othersplace it at twenty-five per cent., figuring that the crop is just as good aslast year in quality and as high inprice. moE'-2(rBIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Ayelette Buckner,of near Paris, have the good wishesof all for their daughter, bojn attheir home Monday. The young ladyhas been "christened ElizabethCrutcher Buckner, in honor of one ofthe most popular young women ofParis.i 4 o-A CITRIOUS MAID.Under the above caption The Cynthiana Democrat publishes the following: "Mr. M. Rector, of Bourbon county,has sent The Democrat an ancientreceipt recently found on what isknown as the Jett farm in Bourbon.Jit reads; 'Received March 20the Day1799, of John Wheeler, Three Shillings and Nine pence in full of allaccounts. J. Say Held, pr.'"On the reverse of the faded sheetof paper a diagram is drawn arid thefollowing verse is written in a finehand and signed 'John Wheeler,Esq:'"I am compelled to plant a GroveTo entertain the maid I love.This ample Grove I must composeOf. nineteen trees in nine straightRows,And in each Row five trees mustplaceOr never expect to see her face.Ye sons of art, grant (nie your aidTo satisfy this curious maid.'"Who can draw the diagram tosatisfy this 'curious maid' of ye ancient times?"ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 74)0-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cDEATHS.Mckinley.Mr. John T. McKinley ,one ofthe oldest, if not the oldest, man -inHarrison county, died at his hojmenear Poindexter, in that county, after a short illness due to the infirmities of age. At the time of his deathMr. McKinley was in his ninety-thirdyear. He was a well-known farmer.Mr. McKinley is survived by eightchildren, two of whom Mrs. WilliamBrannock and Mrs.A. J. Tucker, reside in this county, the former inParis and the latter at Shawhan.The funeral was held Monday,morning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted at the old McKinley graveyard by Rev. R. H. Tolle.,MATRIMONIAL.--County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Tuesday toJohn Middleton, 23, of Woodfordcounty, and Miss Maypne Brimm, 21,of Garrard county.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Stanley W.Smart, 24, and Anna Katherine Williams, 17, both giving Nicholascounty "as their place of residence.Capt. James R. Turner, aged 72,Confederate veteran, and Miss EllenMarshall, 40, were married inGeorgetown. This is the groom'sfourth marriage and the third venture f6r the bride. The ceremony wasperformed by Rev. Ira M. Boswell.DOWNING MANSFEILDMr. and Mrs. B. F. Mansfield,wha were recently married in Slidell111., are guests at the Hotel Fordhamin this city. They were married inI that city on June 23, but kept it asecret until a few days ago whenMrs. Mansfield arrived in Paris tojoin her husband. The bride wasformerly Miss Zella Downing, ofSlidell. Mr. and Mrs. Mansfield willremain in Paris until next spring,when they will jniove to the country,where Mr. Mansfield will engage infarming. ...iFALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.9(augl9-tf)GOES TO HSK TJKIVEES1TYProf. C.VT. Cook, who has beenprincipal for the past three years ofthft Little Rock Manual TrainingSchool (colored) has resigned thatposition, and has gone to Nashville,Tenn., where he has accepted a position as teacher in Fisk University.He will he succeeded in the LittleRock school by Prof, Wm. Calloway.O ' ar tjSPE&AL s.egistration'Not much" interest was taken inthe special registration held at thevoting places in the city Tuesdayfor the benefit of those who did notregister in time for tite primary election. About one hundred and twenty-fivevoters who desireU to participate in the special election to-morrow on the twenty per cent- road taxand bond issue question, registered.ov"RE AT. "EST A TR TTJ ATJC a nPTA-Kro'AAVi, . ,narris & spealces sold yesterdayafternoon at public auction the AllieT. Padgett home, on Ferguson street,to Mr. James Daugherty, of Paris,for $1,305. The former owner liasmoved to Coviiigton to reside.6One reason why ftrfdes get lots ofbrass soon after they are married isbecause that is about the? only kindof jewelry the groom can' afford1 tobuy.Food profiteers should at least talcean academic interest in . the' anVnouncement that scientists have iso- lIToday, FridayEthel ClaytonIN"A Sporting Chance"Here's an especially good EthelClayton picture. She meets aman in prison stripes on a deserted road, takes an intenseeliking to hrm, shields him fromhispursuers.Also RUTH ROLAND, inTHE LAST EPISODE OF"The Tiger's Trail"EJECENT STOCK TRANSACTIONS,Mr. C. W. Wilson, County Demonstration Agent for Pulaski county,was in Bourbon county recently,looking over the herds of registeredShorthorn cattle. Mr. Wilson wassent here by the directors of the Pulaski County Fair for the purpose ofbuying two registered Shorthorn bullcalves. These he found at the stockfarm of Mr. Jesse Letton, near Paris.The calves were shipped to Somersetand were on exhibition at the fairheld in Somerset this week. Mr.Wilson paid $125 per head for theanimals.Mr. Allie G. Jones, of near NorthMiddletown, who is grooming a lot offine horses for exhibition at theKentucky State Fair, sold a few daysago a four-year-old saddle gelding byBourbon King, to Mr. J. L. Clarke, ofAshland,1 Ohio.Mr. William Kenney Ferguson, ofnear Paris, received recently a carload of twenty-five high-grade Shorthorn and Polled Angus cattle, raisedin Hale county, Alabama. The cattleare two years old, and weighed 1,065 pounds each. Mr. Ferguson willput the cattle in good condition andsend them to the fall market aboutNovember 1.oLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit Isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)School ShoesFor Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be MadeDON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these gcod looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Soo?s.TfnEn.g-.$4.00 and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots jo jnMisses' and Children's Gun Metal o aqBoots at $LJrU' lii-iir! 1' Im Ijey .sh ATr iDANIVParis' Greitt st ShoeTomorrow, SaturdayVivian MartinIN"An InnocentAdventuress"and GEO. LARKIN in"The Terror of the Range"and Crlstie Comedy"Know Thy Wife"XigMBjmmmuiMmmmmmmH The Show That is PatronizedBBS Mia qptuny iney visitOne Week of JoyCOMMENCINGMONDAY, SEPT. 8Paris FireRubin I Cherry Shows15 High Class, Clean, Moral and Refined Attractions. 16 Piece Concert Band 16The Champion High Diver of the WorldThe Show Without One Immoral FeatureOtn't Miss This MtraellM, Tht Only Big Out Cmt This YiarSHOW GROUNDS WILSON LOTAn enormous purchaseof Shoes for spot cash atprices almost unbelievable in the face of today'shigh market.Boys' Dark Tanlish shoes atBoys' Gun MetalBoys' Gun MetalLargest Selection ofBeautiful, StylishFallFootwearWalk-Over and OtherFamous Makes, atLowest Prices!COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignStoreMonday, September 8thMarguerite ClarkmaStill Waters"Circus stories come and gobut "Still Waters' ' lives on foriever. This is one of the screenclassics you can't afford to miss.Also Mack Stnnett Comedy"When Love is Blind"and Burton Holmes TravelPictureby the Best People in EveryuBenefit ofDepartmentTHEMOLLIEI!Eng- dcnA J to 4n$J.UU and $0.49English Shoes j j nvLace Shoes di qq&-$&U II-J1. J II: Is J- ,lated the germ of hunger.; -i&&,:,.J-3t-Ais-v -1 4' ,"""""""BiiiiiiMfc.- -Hi t F',sT ,.,,-.