'"-,- ?, T " Jst ? "ii. . , fen .--'V ,?.n''S J . . - v-A-- - x,"V" .- .,. jf--.-""-'- - .- J&a&L-Ud&L. 1r:.- -7 ""SeL??aarfgyrv. - -jiK- 4 i 1HS.THEr,tM-Jt: 'UWjs? ,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRFUY IN THE YEAR.--'fvVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1919"If -BOURBON NEWSERIVE FOR PYTHIAN HOME ENDOWMENT FUND.Rathbone Lodge, No. 12, Knightsof Pythias, of this city, is puttingon a big drive to raise its allotmentof the $100,000 Pythian Home Endowment Fund. It is the purpose ofthe committee to see as many as possible of the members in the next fewdays, and secure - their pledges orthe cash, as they may choose to give.They are planning to end the drivewith a big rally and a banquet onthe night of Thursday, November 20.At that time the committee hopesto oe able to report Rathbone Lodgeas having "gone over the top," anathat instead of having to ask forcontributions it may be a victorycelebration. Every member of theorder and their wives are expectedand invited to attend this banquet,whether they have contributed orexpect to contribute or not. It willoe a real "get-together" meeting,and a good time awaits all who attend. The committee is composedof P. J. McCord, J. K. Cahal andChas. W. Fothergill.SALVANI SCORES HIT WITHPARIS PEOPLE."With the exception of Paris' ownEdward Boone, no hypnotist has ever,scored a success here equal to thatof Galvini, who opened an engagement at the Grand Opera House,Wednesday night, to an audiencewhich filled every available inch ofspace and overflowed into the lobby.Galvini's work is different from thatof any hypnotist ever seen here, andwe have had many. His introductory remarks aret o the point; hetakes the audience into his confidence, disillusionizing them of manyof the popular but false ideas of themystic art, explaining to them inlanguage the most illiterate can understand. Galvini's mind reading tests weredone in a manner that convinced themost skeptical of his extraordinary-powers. In his hypnotic tests hedoes away with the time-killing andboresome by-play of many so-calledartists in his line, and works quick,and wwith convincing results. It issafe to say that on Wednesday nightlie convinced many skeptical personsin the audience of the reality of hypnotism, and while his performance isamusing in the extreme, it also tendsto give cause Jof deep 'thought onthe part of the student of humannature.Galvini's engagement Inhere- willclose with the performance to-night.oPREPARE WHILE YOU CAN ; COLDWEATHER COMING:Our car-load of stoves and heaters"have arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Experience is ruinous unless youTiave-Jlie wisdom to profit by it.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIALSALEOFWAISTS$1.10FRANK &. CO.LADIES' XUTFITTERSj - 'AutomobileREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSJ. B. Peterson recently purchasedof Newton Herrington the 32acre farm, located near Black's CrossRoads, in this county. Possessionwill be given about January 1. Mr.Herrington will move to the farm of111 acres near Burlington, which hepurchased a short time ago.The Johnson & Lee real estateagency of Cynthiana, sold for W. M.Colliver, of Bourbon, his farm ofsixty acres, located on the RuddlesMills pike, to Wm. Ferguson, for$19,000. The same firm also soldfor Dawson and Rankin, a farm oftwenty-eight acres, located on theRuddles Mills pike, to Chas. Harney,for ?6,500.Everett Hopkins, of the LittleRock vicinity, purchased of Mr. andMrs. Geo. H. Pendleton, through theW. Hoffman Wood real estate agencyof Mt. Sterling, their farm nearStepstone, in Bath county, containing 76 acres, at a private price.The purchaser will get possessionon March 1, 1920.Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. S. W.Willett has returned from a visit tofriends in Paris Mrs. W. T.Crump is visiting friends in Cynthiana and Paris. . . .Miss Lillie Martin has returned from a visit to hersister, Mrs. Martin O'Neill, at Paris.Mrs. A. L. McDuffee has returned to her home in Paris, after a visitto her sister, Mrs. John Schwartz."The Paris Realty Co. conductedthe sale at public auction yesterdayafternoon, of the Ed. Stump propertyand the brick house belonging toMrs. M. A. Paton, both located onMt. Airy avenue. The sale was heldon the premises, with Auctioneer C.E. Vanhook officiating. The Stumpproperty, a two-story frame house ofseven rooms, was bid to $3,300 andwithdrawn. The Paton residence, atwo-story brick, of eight rooms, twodoors above the Stump property, waspurchased by W. P. Fisher, for $4,750. Possession will be given insixty days.o -H.0RTENSE NEILSEN AT HIGHSCHOOL AUDITORIUM'Hortense Neilsen appeared at theHigh School auditorium in thiscitylast night in a series of impersonations, short talks on voice cultureand physical training, in additionto scenes from Shakespeare andHenrik Ibsen's great play, "A Doll'sHouse." Miss Neilsen was greetedwith a large audience and delightedboth students and auditors with herversitality. The proceeds of the entertainment will be devoted to HighSchool purposes.4iDelivery p V ;fREPUBLICANS SWEEP STATE'FROM STEM TO STERN...The Winning Ticket.The successful Republican candidates who will conducts the affairsof Kentucky in all its departmentsduring the next four years are asfollows:Governor Edwin P. Morrow.Somerset. vLieutenant Governor S. ThruWton Ballard, Louisville. xState Auditor John J. Craig,Covington.Attorney General Chas. I. Dawson, Pineville.Secretary of State Fred "A.Vaughn, Paintsville.Clerk Court of Appeals Roy IB.Speck, Bowling Green.Commissioner of Agriculture W.C. Hanna, Shelbyville.State Treasurer James Wallace,Irvine.Superintendent of Public Instruction Geo. M. Colvin, Springfield..With ten counties missing out ;of120, unofficial returns last nightgave Edwin P. Morrow, Republican,a majority of 28,000 votes over Governor James D. Black, Democrat, inthe race for Governor of Kentucky.Republican State headquarteppredict that complete returns fromthe ten missing counties will giveMorrow a total majority of 30,000votes. The vote on the Statewide prohfbition amendment was availablefrom but thirty counties, unofficialfigures showing an adverse majorityof 15,511. The vote stood: Against,25,340; for 9,829. Twenty-twocounties favored the amendment andeight were against it.Jefferson county, which includesLouisville, cast 22,827 against theamendment and 7,541 for it.The Senate fight over the Leagueof Nations entered into the Kentucky contest to some extent, Governor Black declaring for theLeague in his campaign. The Republicans also will control theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, while the Democrats willcontrol the Senate.The wet and dry issue also enterod iritn thfi Kentucky contest, aStatewide prohibition amendment -apparently having been beaten decisively. The "wets," the pro-Germans,the belief that he should have removed some of Governor Stanley'sappointees, the "Armstrong affair"and, lastely, the President's actionwith reference to the coal miners'strike are attributed by GovernorJames D. Black, in a statement issued yesterday, as the causes for hisoverwhelming defeat by Edwin P.Morrow.The Governor said his defeat wasnot a surprise and declared that hehad confided his apprehension toseveral recently.The Governor says: "The saloonkeeper and his patron were againstme," which was evident from theoverturn of Campbell and Kentoncounties, normal Democratic majorities. Lee M. Russell, Democrat, waselected Governor of Mississippi bythe usual majority. He was opposed by a Socialist? who polled about10,000 votes; the Legislature willbe solidly Democratic.In New York State, the electionturned on judges of the SupremeCourt, Tammany Hall candidatessuffering complete defeat. In thecity, Representative F. H. LaGuurdia, Republican was leading RobertL. Moran, tae Tammany ocrat,Tor president of the board of aldermen, but an official' count may benecessary. ' I " &3TIn Philadelphia, RepresentativeJ. Hampton Moore, Republican,scored an easy victory for Mayorand in San Francisco, James Rolph,Jr., was swept into office as Mayorfor thje third time in a non-partisanfight, defeating formei Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz.The election in this city andcounty passed off veiy quietly Tuesday and no disorder of any kind wasleported from either. The partieshad out their full vote and previousto the casting of the ballotsand allday during the election their workers were busy at the polls and onthe outside.The only bright beam in the general disaster for the Democrats inthe county is the fact that Bourboncounty increased its majority by 402over that cast in the Stanley-Morrowrace in 1915. In that yearStanley's majority was forty-two.On Tuesday, Bourbon gave Black amajority of 444. The vote in thecounty for Governor was as follows:Black, 2,256; Morrow, 2,112. Thelemainder of the ticket was in aboutthe same ratio.With all the precincts in thecounty heard from the prohibitionamendment carried by a majority of. aa -rrhp vnte on theabout one hundred. -The vote on theamendment was rather confusing tomanv. the close proximity of- theTHEY LICKED US NO USE TOCRY!Theie's no use crying over spiltmilk. The Republicans whipped thevery stuffing out of us and we areready to take our medicine like little, men and good soldiers. Therewill be a lot of postmortem explanations reasons and such by both winners and losers, and we all reservethe right to tell how we thought theresult might have been different.It looks like the Legislature willbe Republican, too, and, as far asmost of us are concerned we hope itis, if the State administration has tobe' Republican, for it will- give Ed.Morrow a real chance to make goodon the many promises he has made,to make the old State a better placein which to live.Here's hoping he may do so, butwe doubt it. Political promises areusually made to get the offices with.By the time the State campaignis over the poor newspaper men is sotired, worn and weary with hearingor reading the charges, . countercharges, arguments, speeches, predictions, prognostications and streetcorner conflabulations, that he doesnot care much which side has wonjust so the whole thing is over, andthe world has a chance to settledown to business again.FALL HUNTING SEASON.The fall hunting season will openon Saturday, November 15. Therevery few quail or pheasants in thissection, and none of them should bekilled this fall. By laying off onthem a few years they would begiven a chance to multiply and become more plentiful. There- areplenty of rabbits in this vicinity, andthey are pretty good sport and pretty good eating when properly cooked. Go after the rabbits and givethe quail a rest. And be sure tohave your hunting license with youwhen you do go. If you haven't itthe County Game Worden will getyou, sure.THE ONLY BATTERY REPAIRSHOP IN PARIS, KENTUCKYWhy send your storage batteryout of town when we can fix it nomatter what is wrong? All workguaranteed.DICKERSON & SON,106 Tenth Street,Both Phones 436.On- (7-3f)FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety.. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.ballot making many vote just theiropposite sentiments. A small votewas cast on the constitutionalamendment No. 1, but it has carriedby a safe majority.The bond issue of $60,000, to beused in the construction of a sewersystem in East Paris, met an overwhelming defeat.James H. Thompson, Democraticnominee for Representative in theLegislature from Bourbon county,was elected without opposition, hisRepublican opponent, N. A. Moore,having withdrawn from the race afew weeks ago.In the city election, A. B. Hancock, John F. Davis and J. SimsWilson were elected members of theBoard of Education without opposition The same was true of the seven-candidates for members of theBoard of Council;. First Ward J.Jv Williams, N. P. Brent and JamesH. Moreland; Second Ward Catesby Spears, Ed. Burke and HughBrent Thii4 Ward George Doyle.The nmjoiity for the Democratsin the county face va.s a big victoryfor them, as they had nglli'tid on but250 majority. The returns from ailthe precincts weie in early, considering the vast amount of clericalwork imposed upon the clerks byreason of having four ballots tohandle. Eveiy oter was given ample oppoitunity to get in his vote,and not one .was turned away. Theofficers of the election did their dutywell, and Bourbon has jtist cause forpride in the fact that there was nota hitch of any kind at the polls.The Unofficial Count."For GovernorBlack MorrowPrecinctsParis No. 1 96Paris No. 2 '.327Paris No. 3 145Paris No. 4 165Paris No. 5 104Paris No. 6 112Millersburg No. 1..145Millersburg No. 2. .128Little Rock No. 1. .163Little Rock No. 2. . 97N.Middletown No 1 219N.Middletdwn No 2 60Clintonville No. 1..107Clintonville No. 2. . 38Hutchison No. 1...15138647192190159107151141721717411779111591118885160I Hutchison No. 2... 74Genterville No. 1..151Centelile No j. 2. . 73Ruddles Mills No 1 176Ruddles. Mills No 2 922112Y. M. C. A. 1T0TES.T,-he Social Committee of the Y.M. C. A. announces a PhonographConcert at' the "Y" Gymnasium onFriday evening, November 14. Anumber of the dealers have loanedtheir machines and some of the bestrecords for the occasion. All friendsand contributors of the Associationare invited to attend.On account of the American LegionBanquet to be held in the "Y" Gymnasium on Tuesday, November 11,Armistice Day, the Women's Gymnasium Class will meet on Wednesday evening instead of Tuesday.Plans are under-way for organizing the Bourbon County "Y" Religious Work Committee. It-is proposed to have the ministers, the Sunday School Superintendents, andone additional layman from eachchUrch make up the committee.Religious matters of interest to theentire community will be taken up.Meetings will beield monthly.The first meeting has been set fortwo o'clock Monday afternoon, November 10, at the "Y" building.The week of November 9-16 hasbeen set apart by the InternationalCommittee of Young Men's ChristianAssociation as the Week of Prayer.All churches and associationsthroughout North America are called upon to unite in its observance.Last year special prayer was "forthe men of our Army and Navy andof the Allied Forces."This year special prayer is askedof Christian people for the successof the coming Y. M. C. A. International Convention to be held at Detroit, November 19-23, and that"the spirit of Jesus Christ may prevail in the councils of those whosedecisions are determining the social,economic and industrial issues of thepresent time."The different gym classes will begin practice at once for the nextathletic demonstration. The datefor this show has !een set for Fridayevening, December 5. The public isinvited. Admission free.SEE QUE WINDOW DISPLAYWhile you are out "window-shopping"just take a peek at the howwindow of THE NEWS Qfflce. .Thereis on display an elegant' line ofsamples of individual Christmas andTJew Year greeting cards, callingcards, etc., that will be sure to appeal to the taste of the most fastidious-These samples are from thelargest and best engrayinghousein the Middle West, the Jenner Company, of Louisville, and represent thevery highest degree of skill andtaste in the engravers' art. They areneat, artistic, classy and tasty. Nowis the time to place your order forthese goods, so as to give the engravers plenty of time to fill the order.Stop and look ' at the window display. Only takes a little time andmay help you to make a decision.Stop, look and invest!WE KNOW HOW IWe Honestly Believe that We are Rendering a Service to the Men of Paris, inRecommending and SellingSTBIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHESTrue economy does not eonsist of buying arti-v ; ."-"''cles Because they are low priced. Frequently thepurchase of a low priced suit may prove to be thegreatest extravagance. The measure ot economyis to be found in the measure of value.There are are no clothes made where the measure of value is greater than in STEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHES where you will find such acomplete and satisfying combination of tailoringstyle, high quality of material, and all other factorsthat enter into genuine worth.We know, from our long experience in theclothing business, that we could offer you no betterclothes at at any price. No better are made. Andit is a great source of satisfaction to us to be able tooffer such clothes at prices you would ordinarily expect to pay for clothes of inferior quality.Prices $25.00 to $60.00MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan Shirtsj BOTJKBON FISCAL COUXTI The November term of the Bowr-,day morning with County Jtt4gBatterton presiding and a full boarof Magistrates present.County Road Engineer Bern JBedford read his report for tWmonth of October, which was recefTed and filed. A large number wclaims against the county were, allowed and ordered paid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedforwas authorized to borrow the sum L$5,000 for use of the Turnpike Fuand to execute his note payeablefcJamuary 1, 1920, and bearing interest,at six per cent, from date.County Road Engineer Ben Fl ,Bedford was directed to advertise forbids on the Wyatt dirt road afterconferring with the Harrison CountyFiscal Court.A committee composed of Magistrates R. H. Burris, A. L Stephemson, County Attorney D. D. Cliae "and County Judge George Battertom -wasappointed1 to investigate 'and report back to the Court as to the advisability of allowing the Cumberland and Home telephone companiesto maintain the same rates as a'tpresent for one year from December1, 1919.The Court adjourned until Decern- ,her 4.NEXTCED&EMONIALTEMPLE.OLETiAThe next ceremonial will " b"pulled" on Thanksgiving Day, November 27, in Lexington. The hotsands will be trod by 100 novices at2 p. m. in the auditorium, WoodlanPark, At 8 p. m. a five-course banquet will be served at the PhoenixHotel. Arrangements have beemade for 700 plates. The visitinarladies will be entertained by a committee of ladies appointed by Theodore Jones, Potentate of Olelka.Lunch, picture shows and automobile rides will be given them, whilatheir "hubbys" are "gettin' theirVat the auditorium. On November C .at the regular meeting of Oleik.Temple, several important measurewill be brought up and a large attendance is expected. The ceremonial session and banquet is- free toall Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, theirwives and sweethearts.oAT PAEIS GRAND AND TUXALAMO.nnn-rJav "FHdav Nov. 7. Alame?afternoon and night, June Caprlcand Creighton Hall, in "The LotCheat;" Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison, in "The Great liamoie.To-morrow, Saturday, Nov. 8. AI-omr uftM-nnrm. Henry M. Blos-som's great play, "Checkers," Alamo, night, Jack PicKtora ana iomseHuff, in "Great Expectations ;"Grand, night "Checkers.BLAKEMORENtttltton ShtsDr. Raid's Cue hian-Saia Shaas-a,'d.rtArriui-i.?t 3!r $-VA" 4tJ1IE:Total .. ....2556-;- (Continued on Page 4)l",Yes" and "No. . answers on, thevVy ?fc1 " fFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1S19.f AGE TWOTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYIHE BOURBON NEWSttblished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationtblished Everj Tuesday and Eridayi" Year. . $2.006 Months . . ?1.00Payable in Adavance.fflUfl? CHAMP. Editor and Owner.fXatored at the Paris, Kentucky,Portofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Claw.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofiy person, firm or corporation -whichstay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corseted if brought to attention of theaiurc.OUREOBEIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Asso.eilitiott. fhicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.-Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co."Louisville StarJi-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 per1ch for first time; 60 cents per inchpaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linesack issue; reading notices in black$7P 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesnehts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesust Invariably be accompanied byhe cash.ftEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Keep Paris Cleaner."VTe wish to call the attention of"the jjood people of Paris to conditions that we might help to improveand thus bring about a much-neededreform.Why can not we help to keep ourstreets cleaner? We open our mail,'throw the wrappers on the sidewalks, peel apples or bananas, throwthe peelings on the sidewalks, neverThinking that others will do thesame thing. We can readily see thatthis keeps the streets strewn withrubbish that could be- just as wellthrown in the waste basket, provided by the Civic League at the streetcorners.We may mention the disgustingTo abort a coldand Drevent complications, takeThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35cSPECIALSHOWINGOF. SuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsWaistsyETC, ETC.TWIN BROS.nit Stsrt7tfiatf MainParis, KyVeshabit of many or expectorating onthe sidewalks. This, too, is thoughtlessly done by many, without considering the appearance of the sidewalks, or for the necessity of women and children, walking overthose unsightly places, or of the unwholesomeness arising from thiscareless practice. We are constantlyreminded that many diseases arecaused from such habits. Let'skeep Paris clean. "Abolishing Tobacco.The Farm Women's NationalCongress wants Congress to prohibitthe growing of tobacco in the UnitedStates. Not that the women are particularly set against smoking, theyexplain. Personally, most of themdon't object to it. But they are concerned about the use of 1,375,000acres of good land devoted to tobacco when it might be used forraising food. At a time when there'is a world-wide food shortage, theyargue, it is the duty of the Americanpeople to leave nothing undone tosupply the need, and so they wantto sacrifice tobacco for good crops.Will Congress do it? The answermay be given unhesitatingly Congress will not do it. Congress hastoo much regard for the good will ofthe male of the species to lend itselfto any such appeal, however worthythe plan and the cause that inspiresit.As between food and tobacco, itmust be admitted that men will generally choose tobacco. They did itoften in the trenches during the war,when there was any choice, and theyhave done so on countless occasionsof hardship and privation. They willdo the same 'thing now, regardless ofphilanthropic considerations.Very likely a fully rational race ofbeings would abolish tobacco. Wehave virtually abolished opium andalcohol, but we are not yet sufficiently evolved to get along withoutnicotine. And perhaps it is a pardonable weakness. Surely men musthave some vices to help them alongthe rocky, up-hill pathway of virtue.It Must Not Be.We have been told that a notedminister has flatly denounced thatsacred and well-known institution,Sunday night "sparking." GreatHeavens! What on earth can be thematter with that old grouch for hesurely must be old! Would life, at aparticular age, be worth the livingwithout it. Answer. NO.What man lives who has no tendermemorials of those Sunday nights, inthe long ago, when he took his bestgirl to church, and home fromchurch, and was then invited in "fora while?" If such a man lives it's( - - --thirty-to-one shot he's a crusty oldbachelor. It is our unvarnishedopinion that any man who is a woman-hater never knew one a realone. Has your youth never beensweetened by a Sunday nieht kiss.stolen from lips unwilling but nottoo unwilling? If not you have missed half of your life yes, fully ninetenths of it.Don't you remember those coolAugust autumn nights, Sundaynights, just a little low-burning fire,low-burning lights? That lamp andthat fire will cast a soft and cheerfulglow on your path all the way to thegrave. No, we will never give upthe age-old institution (we and therest of the young old Paris boys.)Our fathers did it, as did our grandfathers and great-grandfathers andtheir fathers before them. Generations may come and generations maygo, but the good old custom of Sunday night calling and the Sundaynight kiss will go on forever.Keep Your Streets CleanA town is just as good as jt-streets no better. See a place' withuntidy streets, poorly curbed andguttered, no shade trees or grassplots and you see a slovenly town.No matter how well the individualproperty owner may keep his lawn,if the street in front is not tidy, thewhole looks like a man with a goodsuit of. clothes, but with dirty collar.u nrvciiii,L uuir. xi is Uie dntv nftheauthorities to see that streetsaie Kept ciean, out the good citizenswill not wait on compulsion he willdo his part at any time. The streetin front of ypur home is almost apart of your place. Help to keep itclean. Do not let rubbish accumulate, papers blow around or ashesscatter. You may want to sell yourplace some time and a tidy streetwill add many dollars to the marketprice.As To "Mashers."The form of animal usually desig-"cvtu aoove nas, we understand,been active on our streets recentlyWe are told that for the most partthese fellows are not local peoplebut outsiders. It has always been amatter of pride in Kentucky townsespecially in Paris, that a womancould go about on the streets ,,ottended, at any time of the day, andalmost at any hour of the night, forthat matter, without fear of molesta-kVo v : !z l necessary nor possioie that the police- nower shnuin kpresent and watchful on every streeta,iW or m front of every publicPlace. The best cure for these parasites when they accost a wornwithout reason or invitation uponL f" h" fa-ther. bother,u ur uesi mend of thepersuasion to make about fiveutes good use of a healthfulwell-grown club.malemin-andWhen The JJay, Is OverWhen thehouseholdcares and theworries oieveryday lifehave draggedyou down,made you unhappyi andthere is nothing in life butheadache, backache and worry, turn tothe right prescription, one gotten up byDr. Pierce fifty years ago.Everything growing out of the groundseems intended for some use in establishing natural conditions. Dr. Pierce, ofBuffalo, N. Y., long since found out whatis naturally best for women's diseases.He learned it all through treating thousands of cases. The result of his studieswas a medicine called Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. This medicine is madeof vegetable growths that nature surelyintended for backache, headache, weakening, bearing-down pains, irregularities,pelvic inflammations, and forthe manydisorders common to women in all ages oflife. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription ismade of lady's slipper root, black cohoshroot, unicorn root, blue cohosh root andOregon grape root. Dr. Piercejmew,when he first made this standard medicine, that whiskey and morphine are injurious, and so he has always kept themout of his remedies. Women who takethis standard remedy know that in Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription they aregetting a safe woman's tonic so good thatdruggists everywhere sell it, in liquid ortablet form,- Chinese Superstition.Superstition is rampant in Chinaand when Chen Ying Yin, a tracer inStraits Settlements, after his return toKaping, his own village, proposed toopen the lands along Fei Ngo mountain as a field for grazing, his suggestion could hardly be carried out ashis villagers bitterly protested againstthe project on account of their beliefIn "Fung Sui," a superstition relatingto the locations of places.Th Apocrypha.All the Old Testament apochrypha,fourteen In number, have been translated into English and are included asapocryphal books In some editions ofthe Bible. They were formerly printed under a distinctive heading betweenthe Old and the New Testaments, andIn that form can still be found Inmany old family Bibles. They arealways included In the so-called Septuagint, a version of the Bible used bythe Greek church.THIS MEANS YOU.When you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse andinvigorate the stomach and improvethe 'digestion.(adv-nov)oModern Creek Language.The language spoken by the educated classes, that used in the newspapers and other modern literature ofGreece, differs from the Romaic usedby the lower classes. The former isdistinguished by a greater resemblanceto the Greek of antiquity, which renders.lt asy f anyone who has a satisfactory acquaintance with ancientGreek to read the literary Greek of thepresent day.SSSitSSErnri35-5'-w'rW-HjSr&w.For SaleNewScales,boxes.(28-2t)five-tonNeverFairbanksbeen takenStockfromW. H. MCMILLAN,Paris, Ky.For SaleOne double-burnerHeater, good as new.any time atWilsonCan beGasseenMRS. C. L. BELL'S.tf) 1219 Main StreetNotice To Patrons !I have returned from ' Chicago,where I completed a special coursein optometry, and have reopened myoffice. I can be found now at Varden's drugstore. . -,. ,PR WM- R- FRANKLIN,lwt; Optometrist.ror Sale Privately-U,A1WU1 touage located att. Airy Avenue, is for saleCiv i xx268pri-vctLeiy. rnis is one of themost de-auauie pieces of residence propertyin the city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House con-muib o rooms, bath, porches, watervorks, electric lights and all modemconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off sideA.ny one desiring a nice home wouldcn iv iook tnis property overFor further particulars inquire onthe premises.MRS, LIDA B. CONWAY,Pans; Kentucky.Phone 337. (21-tf)Homer&&zi JlmmmTStm.MmmSdInFoundOn Main street, Sunday,, one, lensof rimless eye-glasses, gold nosepiece. Owner can have same by calling at this office, proving propertyand paying charges.Notice to The Public!If you are contemplating buyinga Piano, or Player Piano, don't failto see me before buying.We also take in exchange pianos,organs and talking machines.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,Lexington, Ky.J B. Geis, Representative, 918,Main Street, Cumberland Phone578. 4-2t)Pleasant Work For Women!Ladies, why work fifty-four hoursa week, when you can earn moreworking three hours each day, andbe your own boss? This is yourgolden opportunity. Send fifty centsin coin for sample and particulars.MOTS BEAUTY CO.,619 Joliet Street,(44t) LaSalle, Illinois.Fine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feedingsteers for sale. Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Frankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.Live Wires WantedTo sell small, low-pricod farm tractors.Nationally advertised. Big commissions. Exclusive territory. Write NOW.R. R. RIDGEWAY, Distributor407 e. Broadway, Louisville,' Ky.TOBACCO FARMS265icres slightly rolling, seven miles from Jeffersonrille, -well improved, 40 acre3in wheat.Price f25,000.294 acres practically level, located four milesfrom Charleston. Improvements consist of a roodhouse of eight rooms and batn. large barn withmilk house attached, new silo, 'large double cribsand number of other out buildings. 50 acres of thisfarm are in blue grass, 40 acres in orchard grassand clover, 15 acres in timothy and clover and 30acres In clover. Price $100 per acre.511 acres extiaordinarily well improved, 70 acresin wheat, located 3 miles from Charleston. Price$ 100 per acre.. 243 acres well improed. f0 acres in wheat, 4miles from Charleston. Prices $100 per acre.179 acres well improved, 34 miles from Charleston. Price 116.000.103 acres, fair improvements, 1 miles fromCharleston. Price $75 per acre.174 acres adjoining city limits of Sellersburg,two complete sets of impro ementa, 50 acres inwheat. Price $13,000.All of the above farms are lime stone, on goodpikes, in a high stato of cultivation and are inClark County, Indiana.These are but a few of the many bargains'that wehave to offer and v,e suggest that you come to Jefferson ville, so that we can show you just what wehave. Our farms range in size from 30 acres upward and are all located on good pikes within 20miles of Louisville.VOIQT INSURANCE AND REALTY CO.ftm II Jaffcrsonvill, Indiana Yilftllfc.1920-.v'..r -MC".4-r,3&&&&"nwrajtfull width, giving" v w uiCi32gggggjj -agaaetewvew--. w-ment in closedis done ih rich plush, without biri&Sf Altered.r b:v. auucu giauc 10 me exterior withou pacfiKcifcg nead-rdornrine main compartment accommodates two disanocrmg seats, whichare built for genuine comfort. ' ""--ixucuuyineaajustablewindowsandwindshield thMof 'ndinsr comfort.v?r, -;cv. -h. yys,aa jB TBjS"""'iBHbS1b I'-fr-s. XSi l"-" . Q H H m BvBbbi IIIWhen Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build TlierriC. S. BALL GARAGETruck and Cars For" HireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Robert B. Lyne, deceased, are requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, at the Farmers' & Traders'Bank, in Paris, Ky., for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidRobert B. Lyne are requested to callon the undersigned Administratorand make prompt and full settlement of such indebtedness.WALLACE W. MITCHELL,Administrator of Robert B. Lyne.(31-3 wks)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford,deceased, will please present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Adminstrator, atthe Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, corner of Main andFourth streets, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMrs. Sallie E. Bashford, deceased,are requested to call and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.CLARENCE K. THOMAS,Administrator of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, Deceased.(24-3wks)SAVE the LEATHERLIQUI DS crncf PASTES : For BIack,VrTiiteJano7Ox-Blood (dark brown) ShoesKEEP YOUR SHOESsastaaxaamtmaatotasMamm ttaoBl I2&aSB9BgBSI aajBBnBSalaaaBBSBfSHOE POLISHESI EF.F.PAILET COfiPORATlONSOm feUFFAtQ,N,V.-4 - z Sal) A I,i L yfv If I.&r V Iflit li if. f 1 1 II If v V II. i "-t&jzZi if ii ii ii r i?bm .m & mm m ma mm mm. mm - '--jV ; rOv U u& 1jssiS7rf-rvj3 , . -srf-L ----- - -!.. .-al amSTZyttWgPESlBuick Sedan for Seven5additional roominess to passengers and providing anuuuy wincn aaas considerably'- it3 eJ?Pourth and Pleasant Streets,AawJeigh's AH Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded Ift satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centr average dose.Dall Cumberland Phone 487; Hornlone 256, for further Information.JL 0. BTDDLE,The Eawleierfi Man.8aug-tDTrees! Trees!PLANT NOWFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsRhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents.H. F. Hillenmeyer &SonsLexington, Ky.(till-decl)JOHN WHITE & GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Literal assortmentand full value paidforFURSraw&lHides andCtoat Skins(nov4-13w)BsawWiS?Pl,SsWJNEATModel K-504&In&j&&z&&-to its stability.steering wheel andfift'ena iowhmigwasivcSiwiav-L.!J-n:a. . -..' J-ITHE BOTTRBOK HEWS. 5AXH, JUBJfTUWTFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1919.iMtinaSWKlSIVKraOLD AGE STARTSWITH YOUR KIDNEYSRED CROSS CLASSES IN PEACEPROGRAM. 'Science says that old age begins withweakened kidneys and digestive organs.This being true, it is easy to believeUiat by keeping the kidneys and dijestive organs cleansed and in properworking order old age can be deferredand life prolonged far beyond that enJoyed, by the average person.For over 200 years GOLD MEDALiHaarlem Oil has been relieving theweaknesses and disability due to advancing years. It is a standard oldtime home remedy and needs no introduction. GOLD MEDAL Haarle.ln Oil ishiclosed in odorless, tasteless capsulescontaining auoui it drops each. Takeswallow of water. The oil stimulatesthe kidney action and enables theorgans to throw off the poisons whichcause premature old age. New life andstrength increase as you continue thetreatment. When completely restoredcontinue taking- a capsule or two eachday. GOLD 3.IEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules will keep you in health and vigorand prevent a return of the disease.Do not wait until old age- or diseasehave settled down for good. Go to yourdrugc-i;t and get a box of GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Moneyrefunded if they do not help you. Threesizes. 13ut remember to ask for thenrizrfnr! lirnnrfnil fJOTn XTTrtAT. hra.them as you would a pill, with a small In sealed packages.CINCINNATI SCHOOL FOR NEARBUND ATTRACTS WIDEINTERESTFavorable action is being attracted throughout the country to the"Conservation of Vision" classes inthe Cincinnati public schools, according to Dr. W. H. Peters, healthofficer of that city. Applicationshave come from other, cities for admission of pupils. One child,brought all the way from the Stateof Wyoming by its parents, has beenadmitted.Sixty-two children' are enrolled inthe conservation of vision classesthat is classes whose members arebordering on blindness. Class roomsare selected for their favorable light;the desks are movable, so that theycan be adjusted to get the best lightat different times of the day; textbooks the printed in larger type thannormal, to obviate eye strain. Somechildren become so improved in vision that they are able at the end ofthe year to return to their regularclasses.Paris is one of the eight towns inKentucky conducting classes inhome hygiene and dietetics as partof their RetL-Cross peace program.These classes are under the supervision of the Red Cross departmentof nursing at the Lake Divisionheadquarters in Cleveland.A hundred and twenty-one girlsand women in Kentucky outside ofthe nursing profession are in thisway learning the essentials of homemaking, home nursing, first aid, dietetics and the care of children.Other cities are to establish classesas soon as a sufficient number of instructors can be obtained. Thoseeligible to teach these courses areRed Cross nurses or women whohave passed a creditable examinationin these subjects.Raising the standard of nationalhealth is the basis of the Red Crosspeacetime program. It is to launchthis program of service to Americansthat dollar memberships are asked inthe Third Red Cross Roll Call, November 2-11.To the extent that we realize thefact that we are all dependent onone another for prosperity to justthat extent are we likely to haveprosperity.ffE1RGE WOMENHere's the Store that leads the way for'you to secure perfect garment satisfactionWe Lead, Others. Try to FollowThe Home of F. L. L. Models40 Different Sizes 16 to 18 and 36 to 59 BustSECURE THE GENUINERemember! At the present time there is butone place in America to secure genuineF. L. L. ModelsSUITS, COATS, DRESSESfor LARGE WOMENThe tremendous success and growing popularity of. these wonderful garments designed by Frank L.LipparcL offer sufficient evidence of their merit:But do not be misled into accepting a substitute, ifyou want to be sure of looking your best for nogarments merely made large will permanently satisfyyour discriminating intelligence"Better buy an F. L. L. Model than wish you had"' 'JWindhorst'sFRANK L. UPPA'RD, PresidentONE BLOCK NORTH OF THE NEW COURT HOUSE ON MAIN STREET12th and Main CINCINNATI, OHIOSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Fielding Rogers has returnedi.ikjui a, uusmess inp 10 rsew iorKCity.Miss Pearl Fronk, of Cynthiana,is a guest of her cousin, Miss FisherCollins, in 'this city.Mrs. Bishop Hibler was a guestseveral days this week of her brothers, Will and Alonzo Deaver, at Muir.. Andrew J. Gorey has returnedto his home in Latonia, after a visitto his brother, Edward H. Gorey, inthis city.Mrs. Ora Speakes, who "recentlyunderwent a surgical operation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, is recovering and willsoon be able to return to her home.Mrs. Eliza Marshall and twosons, and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Petree,of Mt. Sterling, attended the funeraland burial of Mrs. Garrett M. Davis,in thistcity, Tuesday morning.Mrs. Thomas A. McDonald, whois visiting her sister, Mrs. Lon Haley,in Wilcox, Arizona, writes that Mrs.Haley is convalescing from a recentsevere attack of typhoid fever.Mrs. J. W. Hilton has returnedto her home on Cypress street, inthis city, from Richmond, where shehas been a patient in the Pattie ClayInfirmary, following an operationperformed several weeks ago.The Progressive Culture Clubmet yesterday afternot at the homeof Mrs. W. T. Brooks, on Duncanavenue, at 2:30 o'clock. The meetring was in the nature of a musicale,with Mm. H: E. Foster, leader.Lee McGohan, of Ewing, newspaper man and former Representative in the Legislature .from hiscounty, was a business visitor in thiscity last week. Mr. McGohan wasen route to Morehead to assumecharge of- a newspaper there.Lee Miller has returned from Alberta Province, Canada, where hespent" the summer on the big wheatand flax ranches of E. F. Spears &Sonsv Other Bourbon county boysengaged in farm work there will return soon to spend the winter here.The November meeting of theJemima Johnson Chapter Daughtersof American Revolution, will beheld in the Masonic Temple buildingto-morrow (Saturday), afternoon, at2:30 o'clock. As this meeting will ibe one of great importance the niemjbersare urgently requested to attend.The weekly meeting of theNorth Middletown Women's Clubwill be held this (Friday) afternoon,at the club rooms. The followingprogram will be rendered: The Sloryof Joseph; A Masterpiece; Moses;A Character Study, Mrs. RobertHopkins; Michael Angelo's Mosesand David (art fcUdy) Mrs. N. P.Gay.The party to have been givenby Miss Frances Clay, in honor ofMiss Agnes Turner, whose marriageto Mr. Russell Clayton will takeplace in this city on November 20has been postponed on account ofthe serious illness of Miss Clay'smother, Mrs. J. Frank Clay. A number of other parties are being planned in honor of Miss Turner.The following will be the program to be observed at the meetingof the Bourbon Art Club to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon: The Renaissance in Sculpture (a) Michael jAngelo, Miss Evans; (b) BeriniWinklemann, Mrs. Biddle; (c) Can-ova-Thorwoldsen,Mrs. Lowry; Grecian Masterpieces, Miss Ruth Orr;Gaelic Sculpture, Mrs. Kerslake.The weekly meeting of the ParisParis Literary Club was held Wednesday at the home of Mrs. WilliamMyall, at 2:30 o'clock.' The following program was rendered: OtherNew Testament Epistles 3( II andIII Peter Mrs. Harry B. Clay; I,II and III John--Mrs. Harry B.Clay; The Wisdom Epistles of JamesMrs. Charlton. Alexander; TheEpistle to The Hebrew Mrs. OssianEdwards.Mrs. Louis Salbshin, having soldher home on Pleasant street, to Mr.Lawrence D. Mitchell, of North Middletown, has moved to Cincinnati,where she and her family will reside in the future. Mrs. Saloshinhad been a resident of Paris forthirty-five years, and in that timehad made a large circle of friends,who regret her departure fromParis. Her address will be 507Prospect avenue, Avondale, Cincinnati. (Other Personals on Page 5)Wolf, Wile & Co.AnnounceA Complete NewDisplay of Tailoredand Fur TrimmedSuits-tFor Young Womendeveloped along the lateststraight line and rippled coateffects. Very clinging materialsonly are used.New Coat Models"with large fur collars that canbe fastened close and comfortable to tha neck or lay flat andcomfortable over the shoulders.Rich, soft Bolivias,Evora Cloths,Duvetyn's, .Veloursand PeachBloom.New Ideas in DressesCharming models in street, afternoon and formal eveninggowns, fashioned from satincharmeuse, duvet superior, silkvelvets and crepe meteor in thelatest bouffant effects. Allmoderately priced.Wolf, Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.Save Time and MoneijBy Using aHome TelephoneNResidence rate ranging from $1:35 to$2.00 per month for Bourbon Cotintyseryice. , mXPlace your order now and avoid the,fall rush on installs.Parjs Home Telephone TeregrahCompany(Incorporated) aJ. J. Veatch, District Manages W. H. Cannon, local lfamtgerMARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3 pounds for $1.00Pork Chops .35cBest Cuts Steaks... 35cRoast 25cSpring LambHindquarters 35cProntquarters 30cJUMjjsygggggsggiBiiiBs:MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBy,gjJSS5SgasgjJc--i,44iJHIHIISPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr,S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us -for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J E W ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, Kentucky..sMsHiSjgtiSiTg --- ,.;, .Agm!ESVGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 29$Corner Fifth and Peasant Strttts, Park, Ky."I'AiJX, jiy -"-a --v., r -iC . -- i ---TBI' &MHB51 : liwi, iiws, umooit , fc:HjFriday, notkmbbr i,1119. -" MGI WWl -JSHlS-a3ANBER5 JJL INTERESTEDRELIGIOUS."Many bankers in Missouri, Arkan-AS and JtenmcKy wno ave seen"how the people appreciate the 1aaaaaaaaaaaZTreasury Savings Certificates jJl)fthe $100 and $1,000 denominations, i The christian Endeavor SocietyAre not only replenishing their of the presbyterian church will meetstocks of these securities, but are Sunday evening at 6:40 o'clock. Thealso ordering from the Federal Re- leader will be Miss Louise Dailey.serve Bank at St. Louis a supply of tthe "War Savings Stamps and Thrift , Rev. C. Conner Brown, of Lougtanips. ' isville, will fill the pulpit at theThe bankers realize that every Presbyterian church, Sunday mornpurchaser of a Savings Certificate ingt at 10:45 and at 7:30 Sundaythrough his institution becomes a evening.prospective patron of the bank. The .Wise banker has also figured that! Services will be held Sundayif he encourages the youngsters to morning in the historic old Christianlearn saving that these young peo- church at Cane Ridge. Prof. R. S.-pie will in a few years be the busi- Records, of Edinburg, Indiana,, willaeee men and women of the next fill the pulpit on this occasion .decade, and that the bank they j Wnin9.,. Miinnarv qnoitvSffiS TW are .JPEing these Savings Stamps and dis- noon A full attendance of thec2ing of them to purchasers with-. members is earnestly desired,out profit. It is not altogether an j ReV- Dr. R, L- Motley, of Winaltruistic spirit that moves them .for . chester will fiU the pulpit at thethey know they are strengthen mg Ba chur ,n tWs clt SundaV)the bank's influence and building. 5PrviP rr MntlP.v will heTHE ELECTION.lor the future.remembered as the principal speakerat the men's banquet held in thei Baptist church, some time ago.THANKSGIVING TURKEYS.We Will begin receiving tur-; The pr0posed union of the Firstkeys for the Thanksgiving mar- and Second Presbyterian churches ofktt on Wednesday, November Lexington, was defeated by a majorch mwA mill rnnf-inue n r- ity of thirteen votes in the congre-ZH JL ..-: h. !.f n Af nation of the First church. The,I. . t" ivote of the Second church stood 17bthe following Week, exact date for the issue and ten against it.tO be announced later. With about 225 members of the con-TurktVS Will be received at gregation at the First church votingour Fourth Street place (nearfreight depot) and at our placein East Paris.Call No. 14, either phone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(Oct31-tf)( Continued from Page 1.)The defeat of Governor Black inKentucky by EdwinP. Morrow, Republican, by figures approachingprobably 35,000, will be more discussed than any other State result.The unofficial county returns as revised show that Morrow's majorityprobably wiirxceed 35,000 and thatMorrow carried every Congressionaldistrict in the State except theFirst, Second, Seventh and Eighth.The Republican landslide wasconfirmed officially when GovernorJames D. Black, the Democraticnominee, congratulated Mr. Morrow. "My Dear Sir: In the electionTuesday you received a majority ofthe votes cast for the Governorshipof Kentucky for the next four years,and I congratulate you. As a result of said election you have theopportunity to give to Kentucky thatcreditable administration which Ihad determined to give in the eventof my election, and I wish you allsuccess in that accomplishment."MICKIE SAYSl?urvieAT. V MKfE'i'OioA.ft BUT F NOV) KNftuivnM nioUR pat4-rNGrk,c ucqP. .iESl' NNSHfnovo pksk someboon vmwoS; fcfcovn NHv wi' rNV OF OUU VNO NOOU SERNJVCE. IF NOV vw,vmeu. vaksie noihwNfcNN CUSTOM.vciTTcrCOMEACROSSINTERTJEBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVEZexington For Paris ForParis LexinetonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:0 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TBACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYthe decision was decidedly close. Asa result of the vote the issue is understood to be closed.The November meeting of theWoman's Missionary Society (C. W.B. M.) of the Christian church willbe held in the church parlors this(Friday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.Reports of proceedings of the International Convention recently held inCincinnati will be read by representatives who attended, and an interesting time is anticipated. A full attendance of the membership is requested.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstI Firei TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityWANTED, TURKEYS.10,000 head fat turkeys. Willpay highest cash price day ofdelivery.-Will receive from November7th to 20th. Get our -pricesbefore selling.Will have branch house atMillersburg, corner Foorth andViment.LEON RENAKER & CO.' Home Phone 552,Cumb. Phone 361,Opp. Hotel Windsor, Paris.(Oct31-5t)NEW BAEBER FIRM.A.And OtherCasualtiesWalker Demett, who has been inthe bartering business in Paris forthe iast twenty-one years, and Lucien Johnson, who has been in thebusiness in this city for nine years,and many years before that in otherplaces, have formed a partnershipin conducting the business at Demett's old stand, No. 120 Tenthstreet, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station.We submit the following scale ofprices for the benefit of prospectiveand present customers: Shave, 15cents; hair cut, 25 cents; massage,25 cents; shampoo, 25 cents; -hairsinge, 25 cents; hair tonic, 10 cents.We guarantee to give you as goodwork as any shop in the city. Wej will 'be open early and desire yourpatronage.WALKER DEMMETT,LUCIEN JHONSON.7-tf)oProvide the present with all thereis in the past and it will have all itneeds for the future.J. FEEAGENTOne of the outstanding featuresof Tuesday's election was the resultin the races for the General Assembly, complete unofficial returnsfrom the nineteen Senatorial andlegislative districts showing that,for the second time in the history ofthe State, Republicans carried theLower House, and this by an unprecedented majority.Returns also show that had it notbeen for the Democratic holdovers inthe Upper Branch of the General Assembly, the Republicans would alsobe in control of the State Senate,having elected thirteen of the nineteen members chosen Tuesday. Thismakes the upper branch includingthe holdovers, -fourteen Democratsand five Republicans, stand twenty,Democrats to eighteen Republicans,a bare majority.That the Republicans will organize and be .in easy control of theHouse of Representatives is assuredfrom the returns, the Republicanshaving elected fifty-three of the 100members, to forty-six Democrats,with the race in Trigg county a. tieon the face of the unonicial returns.On the face of unofficial returnsfrom all but one of the 120 countiesof the State Edwin P. Morrow, Republican, was swept into the officeof Governor of Kentucky by a majority of 29,992 votes over GovernorJames D. Black, Demociat, in Tuesday's election.This is the largest plurality a Republican candidate ever received inthis State, according ttf' RepublicanState headquarters, which claimsthat Morrow's majority will exceed40,000.Interest Thursday, however, didnot. center so much upon the gubernatorial race, but upon tho Statewide Piohibition amendment. Returns came in slowly on this proposal, and led N. A. Palmer, supeiintendent of the Kentucky AntiSaloon League, to predict that theresult might not be known for several days.Only 45 counties of the 120 hadbeen heard from early yesterday,showing a majority of 14,594 againstthe amendment. "This does notmean that the wets have won, however," Mr. Palmer asserted. He saidthat of 75 counties to be heard fioma great majoiity are dry. "Fourteenof the 45 counties gave wet majorities totalling 26,201. The-remaining31 -gave dry majorities totalling11,607."tHAOlfGHEADS OF FAMILIES MUST REPORT CONTAGIOUS DISEASEIn a recent talk with Dr. A. H.Keller, Health Officer of the City ofParis, as to sanitary conditions inthe city, and the general health andwelfare of Paris, he said:"Whether or not a physician iscalled in, each family head is required to notify the Health Officerimmediately a child or any memberof that family becomes ill with acontagious disease."Some mothers and fathers are inclined to attempt to hide the factwhen a member of the family isnfflinted with a contagious disease.This tends to spread disease andproves a menace to the community.Not to report a contagious diseaseis a violation of the law, anasubjects the person required to notify the Health Officer to a heavyfine and possibly imprisonment.Prosecutions will certainly follow instances where there is contagiousdisease and where the Health Officeris not notified."Acquaintance is an asset or a liability. We must know people in order to he truly interested in them.PUBLIC SALEOFFarm Containing 162.76 AcresTuesday, Nov. 11, 1919at 10 o'clock a. m.-On the premises between Ruddles Mills and Indian Creek church.This farm is located on what is known as the Leonard pike, about 1 y.miles north of the Cynthiana and Ruddles Mills pike, and 21 milesfrom Ruddles Mills ; 8 miles from Cynthiana and 8 miles from Paris.- This farm is a fine -character of soil, lots of good tobacco land andin high state of cultivation. It has 43 acres in young clover, 34acres in blue grass sod, 60 acres in cultivation; "two 10-acre tobaccoTaarns, one of which is new; one stock barn, 6-room dwelling and allnecessary outbuildings; 4-room tenant house; well fenced and plenty ofnever failing water.One of the best producing farms in Bourbon or Harrison counties."This farm being well located near good schools and churches, will makean 'ideal home or an excellent paying tenant proposition.i. This is known as the Wm Goodwin farm.Terms easy and made known on day of sale. . ,Parties desiring to look over the farm will call on Harney & Dotaon, at Cynthiana, or Mr. J. R. Blanks, at his home on the CynthianaAd Paris pike, or Mr. Carl Traylor on the farm.Sale positive, rain or shine,NOVEMBER 11, at 10 a, m.Don't forget the date TUESDAY,Everybody in Washington is happy over the elections in Massachusetts, New Jersey, Kentucky andMaryland, everybody includingPresident Wilson.But for the most part it isn't theusual happiness over party triumphbecause unmistakably the WhiteHouse was more joyful over the victory in Massachusetts of GovernorCollidg'e, Republican, than "it wasover the remarkable conservation ofa Republican plurality of 58,000 inNew Jersey into a Democratic victory of at least 10,000. The President himself sent a message of congratulation to the Republican Governor describing his re-election as avictory for law and order.CONSOLIDATION OF SCHOOLSGROWING IN FAVOR.Consolidation of schools is on theincrease in this State with consolidation sentiment growing daily, according to J. Virgil Chapman, RuralSchool Supervisor. He has justbeen informed that four districtshave consolidated in Marshallcounty.In four counties in the State wheredistricts have been consolidated motor bus transportation is furnishedstudents. Mason county tops thelist with ten buses.BOXSUPPER AT PALMERSCHOOL HOUSE.A box supper will be given at thePalmer School, on Friday, November7 at 7:30 p. m., by the teacher, MissNora E. Hutson, and pupils. Proceeds for the benefit of the 'Childrens' Home. Public is cordially invited. oB-4 HREInsure -withJW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts' oIRVINE HOTEL BURNS..The Wallace Hotel, belonging toMiss Louise Wallace, at Irvine, wasdestroyed by fire originating in astove, and the loss is estimated at$15,000.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanAuction Sale of Four FarmsAS FOLLOWS:No. ll-Located on Ford's Mill turnpike, right up against the cfty lfnxits of ParisN, and has on it a nice six-acre tobacco barn and stable, well fenced and watered by Houston Creek. Has a beautiful building site, containing 36 96-100-acres. Will sell thisfarm promptly at 2 p. m., and immediately after this sale wewill go to the Galloway farm, just beyond this one, and' isabout one-half mile from the city limits of Paris, and shall beknown asjj0 2 A.nd is owned now by Mr. Grant Galloway. This little farm of20 acres has on it a splendid two-story eight-room residence,.Tvith good cellar and cistern at the door, nice young orchard,and all kinds of outbuildings, school house in corner of farmThere is barn room for ten acres of tobacco, also good stock:barn and corn crib. We regard this the best 20 acres in Bourbon County, all bottom land, watered by spring and HoustonCreek. Don't forget the day and dateTHURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13TH, .At 2 P. M., Rain or Shine.ON ERIDAY, NOVEMBER 14TH,At 2 P. JUL, We Will Sellj0t 3 This farm lies on the Brentsville turnpike, and is a part of theold Noah Spears farm, 124 acres, more or less, with 4-room.cottage, outbuildings and good stock barn, good well at thehouse, nice orchard, 74 acres of this farm is in blue grass, 50acres in corn stubble, which is to be sown to rye. This landall lays well and is ready for tobacco, as there has never beenany tobacco grown on this farm. Don't forget this farm wiltbe sold on Friday, November 14, at 2 p. m., rain or shine.Jjo. 4. Located on the Bryan station pike, about 8 miles from Paris,.y2 mile from Hutchison Station, 9 miles from Lexington, andcontains 103 acres, 40 acres lying on the east side of the pikeunimproved, 63 acres lies on the west side of the pike and hason it a good old-fashioned residence with five rooms, with allkinds of outbuildings, good cistern and well, fine orchard,stable and stock barn. This farm lays well and is the bestwatered farm in the county, and belongs to Mr. William Case,who has lived on the farm all his life, and has taken splendid care of it. We will first offer the 40 acres unimproved,then we will offer the 63 acres with improvements', separately,then we will offer the entire farm of 103 acres as a whole,best-bid accepted. Don't forget the day and dateSATURDAY, NOVEMBER 15TH,At 10 A. M., R&in or Shine.Remember, all the above farms will be sold on the premises andwe ask you not to get confused in the date.Remember, To. 1 and No. 2, on the Ford's Mill pike, will be sold' Thursday, November 13, at 2 p. m.; No. 3, on the Brentsville Pike,.Friday, November 14, at 2 p. m.., and No. 4, at 10 a. m., Saturday, November 15.Here is a chance for the small home seeker. Come out to the saleand buy one of these farms. ApplyPARIS REALTY COMPANY,C. P. Mann and H. S. Redmon,512-514 Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.Office With Lee-Kent Oil Company. C. E. VAN HOOK, Auctioneer.FARMS FOR SALE!OHIO BLUE GRASS FARMSWell Located Farms at. Right PricesIn making an investment consider first, IS IT SAFE AND WTT.T IT"PAY. Our farms are well located on good pikes, close to churches and."schools, on or near traction, within 25 miles of Cincinnati, now theleading market of the Middle West. We can selL you one of these farmsfrom $75 to $150 per acre. -DO YOU THINK IT IS SAFE AND WILL'IT PAY? A few dollars will bring you to our office. COME AND BECONVINCED. A card will bring you our new farm list.HAMILTON COUNTY, 15 miles of Cincinnati, 51 acres of leverland on pike, 4-room h, large barn, corn crib, wagon shed, poultry hfenced into 4 fields, GOOD LAND, GOOD BUILDINGS, will include 2"horses, 2 cows, 4 hogs, all chickens, 5 plows, 2 harrows, 2 wagons, allsmall tools, 200 shocks of corn, 3 tons hay. GOOD BUY. $6.000..$3,500 cash, balance to suit.WARREN COUNTY, MODERN HOME AND DANDY FARM 93 a.,of level blue grass land near Mason, Ohio, on good pike, near High.School and Churches of all kind; 35 a. bluegrass sod, 20 a. wheat, 15 aclover, 9-room good h., slate roof, cellar, furnace, water in h, beautiful'lawn and driveway, large barn, coin crib, hog h, implement shed,poultry h, fruit of all kind, well fenced, running water A REAL.FARM $15,000, one-half cash.95 acres of level black land, on good pike, church and school infew yards of house, fine 7-room new h, large barn, good outbuildings..This farm is all in cultivation but 15 acres in woods, some valuable"timber. $10,000, terms to suit.A GOOD STOCK, DAIRY AND GRAIN FARM. 100 acres of. thisland is level, 46 acres rolling hill land, one mile of traction and goodtown, close to Cincinnati, 6-room brick h, large barn, implement shed,corn crib, wagon shed-, poultry h, hog h, plenty of fruit, well wateredgood fences, 30 a. clover, 2Q a. wheat, 50 a- blue grass, 20 a. good tobacco land. $11,000. Terms, one-half cash.104 a. of level land on pike, one-quarter mile of traction, centralized school, 8-room good h, large new barn, plenty of outbuildings, 18a wheat, 10 a. clover, 15 a. timothy meadow, 25 a. pasture, weltfenced and watered, $11,000. Terms to suit.PARR & WOODRUFF, 321 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, O.Unquestionably the result in NewJersey was disappointing to the Republicans, but they excused it on theground that it was a wet and dryfight, and that the conspicuous gainsin Kentucky and Maryland wherenormally the Democrats ar epredominant were worth thinking about.Certainly the wet and dry issueworked different ways in differentStates.In New Jersey, where the Democratic candidate was outspoken onthe wet side, considerable assistancewas derived from the President'sveto of the prohibition enforcementbill, while in Kentucky, where theDemocrats nominated a dry candidate, the Republicans swept theState by about 30,000. Telegramsreceived from Louisville quote theRepublican managers in Kentuckyas saying the League of Nationswas not an issue in that State.. w '. - SAEHEY & DOTSON,A, B. Hawey, Auctwrneer. .. .,X: Agents for J, R. Blanks."About the cleverest difference between capital and labor is tharmoney you lend a friend is canity land getting it back is labor.oPersonal prejudice is like tit a flveating spider who lives where therseems nothing worth while to liveon.BOURBON COUNTY LAND ATPUBLIC AUCTIONRain or Shine, OnSaturday, Nov. 15, at 10 'O'clock - A. Hthe JOHN SOPER farm of 367 acres on the Little flock and Jackstown pike and the Soper piketwo miles from Little Rock, 12 miles from Paris and 8 miles from Carlisle. In three "tracts firstand second tracts separately and then as a whole, and the best bid accepted. This farm is one ofthe best cared for farms m the county, and practically three-fourths of the entire farm is excellenttobacco land and ready as one of the besmoney makers in the county.A. TRV?T N" 1 " Contains about 130 acres located on the Soper pike, all in blue erasstimothy and clover, except 15 acres broke out of sod in 1919 and now sown to wheat and rrass'Improvements consist of two-story frame residence of eight rooms, front and back porches, - goodcellar, cistern at back door, dairy m yard, stock barn with good cistern, all necessary outbuildingsand watered by springs and creek. Splendid young orchard just coming into fruitage.0 JzS .N o. 2-Conte ins about 130 acres, all in timothy, blue grass and clover except 12acres m cultivation Six room frame cottage in good repair, porch, cistern, spring house in yard,two tobacco barns holding about ten acres, and all necessary outbuildings. Has deeded right-of-rt Nod 2& Tra.Ct f: h hJch r0d is t0 be Maintained by The owner ofiract .No. 2. Separate way for driving stock to and from farm.T -.i T? i T N, 3Contains 107 on the Jackstown and Little Rock pike two miles fromLittle Rock. One barn and stock scales. Two-thirds of this tract h fin e tobacco tod, Nacres ofwhich has not been plowed for 30 years. Has good orchard and fine building sites.posiiTan? landd the sale U"rR LIBERAL Ten per cent in hand on dav of sale 20& March l TQ9n txtTJOHN L. SOPERnAK ki speakes, Sales AgentsL. D. HARRIS, General Business Manager'COL. GEO. D. SrEAKESAuctiMteei:tfte,v'$ 'j-"v J-A". ? ,tTV-ft-TC J. v. ,1 JFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1919.be sotnufoH "raw, Aite, juAiiciLf r?f - t-, ih"ir,i Tti- 4 - J."W -xMHBbuyrOR THE 8ESTNOTHING ELSEOVERCOATS.Ve are featuring all-wool ulsterovercoats at ? 3 5.00J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW CROP MOLASSES.We have just received a fine lotof Xew Orleans Molasses and country sorghum. Better get some, asit is going fast.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.. oDINNER REALIZES $76.The Young Women's MissionarySociety of the Methodist church, gavea Court Day dinner in the office ofthe Lee-Kent Oil Company, on Mainstreet, Monday. They received aiiberal patronage, realizing the sumof $76, which will he devoted tochinch purposes.. oDOINGS IN THE LODGESKnights M. H. H. Davis, W. C.Snapp, A. H. Keller arid M. H.Dailey, of Couer de Lion Qommandery No. 26, Knights Templar, ofParis, assisted in conferring theKnights Templar degree on severalcandidates at Georgetown recently.The local Rebekah Lodge will givea social session at their lodge-ooms on the night of Thursday,November 13. Reports of the Statemeeting will be made by delegatesfrom the Paris lodge.oCOME AND TRY OTJR PLACE:STORAGE BATTERY EXFlSilTSWe know the battery businessfrom start to finish. When repairsare necessary we make them quicklyand at the right price. When youneed a new battery we furnish a"Gould," the best battery on the" DICKERSON &' SON,106 Tenth Street,(7-St) Both. Phones 436.oEREAK OP NATURE.A freak of the vegetable world, inthe shape of twin cushaw, perfectlyformed, is on exhibition in the showwindow at the Ford & Co. hardwarestore. The freak was discovered byfarm hands shucking corn on thefarm of Frank Buchanan, nearParisLike the famous Siamese twins ofcircus renown, the cushaw are imseparable and very much attached toeach other. They are attractingmuch attention.oMR. DAVIS IN THE EASTERNMARKETS.Mr. Withers Davis, of the firm ofJ. W. Davis & Co., in now in theNeV York and other Eastern marketsmaking purchases for spring. Whilein New York, he will also buy allthe latest styles and novelties to besent in at once. Purchases for theChristmas holidays will be made atthis time. This firm will be able toshow to the holiday trade all thebest and newest things for men andboys. (lt)oTO LECTURE ON SUBJECT, "OURKENTUCKY MOUNTAINS"Dean Raymond and Prof. Penniman, both members of the facultyof Berea College, willJecture in theMethodist church, in this city, onMonday, November 10, at 7:30 p.m., on the subject of "Our KentuckyMountains; The Adjustment of Education To Mountain Needs.'The lectures will be given underthe auspices of the Federation ofWomens Clubs, of Paris, and NorthMiddletown. Dean Raymond willspeak on "Berea's Field and Program " while Prof. Penniman willspeak on "Mountain Dialect andFolk Lore." The public is cordiallyinvited to attend. There will be nocharge for admission, and no collection will be taken.SOCIAL AlTD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.I-n. miuiiagc uucu&c was is&ucuMonday from the County Clerk'sr(j m - f-k tt T- i; tf. Yioit iu inenos ana relatives intiigginsport, Ohio.from a visit to friends and relatives, dletown.in nauuuon, unio.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Watershave returned to Washington, D. C,after a visit to friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Rion Dow, of Ft.Lodge, Iowa, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Robt. P. Dow, Sr in this city.Mrs. Dora Watson and twodaughters, of Robertson county, arevisiting Mrs. Thos. Holland, nearParis.Clarence Thomas and Owen L.Davis have returned from a tendays' sojourn at West BadenSprings.Miss Sara Snell Desha has returned to her home in Cynthiana after a visit to Miss Jennie Link, inthis city.Paris and Bourbon county areboth being well represented at thevarious attractions of the week inLexington.George D. Speakes, of' the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes, wasin Mt. Sterling on a business missionWednesday."Grandpa" Elezar Dailey willleave Sunday for a trip to New YorkCity, and later on will go to Tampa, Florida.Mrs. Luther Hall and two children, of Tamo, Iowa, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. A. R. Dennison, onRailroad street.Harry Simon, proprietor of theSimon department stores in Parisand Lexington was a business visitorin Paris yesterday.Miss Mattie Lilleston, who wasiniured in a fall on the pavementTuesday night, is improving at herhome on.Higgins avenue.Frank Kirkpatrick, representingthe American Tobacco Company, wasa recent visitor in Paris, on a business mission for his concern.Mrs.. Swift Champ will returnto-morrow night from Louisville,where she has been a patient for amonth at Norton Infirmary.Mr. and Mrs. Carter N. Martinand daughter, Mrs. Woodford Houston, left Wednesday night for anextended stay at Mudlavia Springs,in Indiana.Mrs. Lutie Turner, who hasbeen a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Chas. P. Cook, for several months,left Wednesday for her home in Ft.Myers, Florida.Henry. L. Nippert, who has beena guest of his brother, Phil Nippert,has gone to St. Petersburg, Florida,to spend the winter with his brother,Ed. Nippert, and family.Harry O'Brien, formerly ofParis, was a guest several days thisweek of his brother and sister, Jas.M. O'Brien and Miss Julia O'Brien.Mr. O'Brien was en route from NewYork to New Orleans.Rev. P. L. Records, of Edinburg, Indiana, is visiting WarrenRogers, Sam Clay and other Bourboncounty residents in the Cane Ridgevicinity. Rev Records was formerlypastor of the old Cane Ridge Christian church.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, attended the conference held in Lexington yesterday in the interest ofthe Red Cross Christmas Seal campaign. Rudolph Davis attended theluncheon and conference held at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, yesterday, in the interest of the Red CrossChristmas Seal campaign. Twentyfive Kentucky Red Cross ChaptersMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedoffice to Tracey R. Heaberlin, ofDes Moines. Inwa. and Mis LillianGertrude Mason, of near North Mid-FLORENCE FRYMAN.Miss Mary O. Florence, nineteen,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Florence, of Harrison county, and Geo.W. Fryman, nineteen, son of Mr.ad Mrs. J. M. Fryman, of Paris,were married in Cynthiana. Bothare well-known here.TOBIN MOOREFriends and relatives in Parishave received announcements of theengagement of Miss Margaret Tobinto Mr. Robert G. Moore, of San Antonio, Texas. The marriage willtake place in December, at theChurch of St. Louis Bertrand, inLouisville. They will make theirhome in San Antonio.ALVEY MITCHELL.Relatvise and friends in this cityhave received engraved invitations,worded as follows: "Mr. and Mrs.Edward White Alvey request thehonor of your presence at the marriage of their niece, Omie Blanford,to Mr. Robert Mitchell, on Wednesday morning, the twenty-sixth ofNovember, nineteen hundred andnineteen, at nie o'clock, St. JamesChuch, Louisville, Kentucky."The prospective bridegroom is ason of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mitchell,of this city, and "is a most worthyyoung man in every respect. Heholds a responsible clerical positionin the office of Roadmaster J. C.Nickerson, of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, at this point.TURNER CLAYTONHandsomely engraved invitations, worded as below, have beensent to hundreds of friends throughout thi& and surrounding counties:"Mr. and Mrs. William F. Turnerrequest the honor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughter,Sara Agnes, to Mr. Russell Clayton,on Thursday afternoon, the twentieth of November, nineteen hundredand nineteen, at four o'clock, Christian church, Paris, Ky."The bride-to-be is one of Bourbon's handsomest young women, agraduate of State University, and asocial favorite. Her promised husband is a son of Mrs. .Amanda Clayton, of this city, and is prominentin business circles of the city, beingconnected with the clothing firm ofMitchell & Blakemore. Both youngpeople have a host of friends who extend congratulations in advance ofthe happy event, and wish them allpossible wedded bliss.EXPRESS COMPANY ANNOUNCESNEW REGULATIONSSteps were taken to-day by AgentColliver, in charge of the AmericanExpress office, in Paris, to preparefor the new express packing requirements, which go into effect on December 10th. Under the new regulations all shipments sent by expressweighing over twenty-five (25)pounds, must be packed in woodencontainers, or carton of fibreboard, pulpboard, or corrogatedstrawboard material, of specified"test strengths." This means, according to Agent Colliver, that afterDecember 10th, packages over the25-pound limit will not be acceptedfor forwarding by the AmericanRailway Express Company, handlingthe .express business of the entirecountry as agent of the Kanroaa ao-!!.lk: iC nnlir Tonar ttrt5 TVTIPll .vte represented at the conference. M nl nrdinarv naner boxes,mi .11.i nrlin Vioro hoPTI J T. lnAine ionowiufi wuu xo, v. wrapped, or unwrappea, ue atteywu-Kff OTIil Mrs. J. .1. MC- .a-I-i- rnnt:, fny tVlPCPBUC&us mi "" " ... -- -- - as suilUUlc jjiulwuuu i vwn-4-.r "hntrex -atlirTn tn t.neil aOmeS: . -u:,n.n r. fPtio irkcrllltirnK.Mrs. S. O. Collins, Ewmg; Mrs. D. nowever j0 not effect shipmentsjyi, avci, n'1'v-v.v., zr Z-r tT7 under zo pounas.Dickhart, Bellevue; Mrs. T. H. Rob- unu 0.erts and son, rnoiuas xvuuciio, o.,A PEW BAHOAINS IN BARGAINS.READ OVER THESE PRICESGood canned corn, per can 15c.White Salmon, 20 cents.Small cans Tomato Puree, 3 for 25cents.Telephone Pears, per can, 15 cents.All kinds best canned soups, 10rents.Potatoes, per peck, 60 cents.Sweet Potatoes, per pound, 5 cents.Come to the Red Front Grocery,opposite the court house and reducethe high cost of living.I make one delivery a day.Home Phone 201.Pnrn'hor'laTi1 Phnne 633.(4-2t) MRS. ELLIS' GROCERY.f oTHREE AIRPLANES VISIT PARIS.Three large airplanes, flying inbattle formation, traingle fashion,flew over Paris, Wednesday aboutnoon, giving a short exhibition ofdiving, and other aerial tactics before their departure. The planeswere part of the Eddie Stinson Flying Circus, which is temporarily located in Lexington, giving exhibitions there during tfce snrraert j?"Festival. The fliers were -in chargeof Pilots Goodale, Young and Taylor, all of whom have seen years ofservice in the army aerial branches.The planes will visit Paris again before finishing their Lexington engagement. Eddie Stinson, who is in charge ofthe detachment of fliers,, has becomenoted throughout the world as anaviator and instructor. He was thefirst air pilot to .make more thanone hundred consecutive loops, andis credited with many tricks in theair that have never been excelled.Maysville.Miss Kate Alexander and Caritt Pnephprrv and Mrs. StanhopeWiedemann, of Paris, attended thereception given in Lexington, Wed,io,r viv ATrs. William ThompsonBriggs,' Mrs. Woolfolk Barrow andMrs Waller Bullock Hunt, at thehome of Dr. David Barrow, in honorof the bride of the family, Mrs.John Parham Barrow.Miss Ann Pendleton, who hasbeen the charming guest of Mr. andMrs. William B. Ardery, at theirhome near Paris, left Wednesday forher home in Virginia. Miss Pendleton was one of the prettiest andmost charming of the recent visitorsin Paris, and left many admirershere. During her visit she was entertained with many social functions, notably among them a dinnerbridge given in her honor by Mr.and Mrs. Duncan Bell; a bridge party bv Mr. and Mrs. Ardery, and oth-?oi ontprtninments given byMrs. Durand Whipple, Mrs. E. M.Dickson, Mrs. Katherine DavisCraig, Misses Elizaoetn nmuix ""Belle 'Horton.(Other Personals on Page 3.)EASTERN STAR BANOTJETThe Order of Eastern Star held awell-attended business meeting attheir lodge rooms in the MasonicTemple, last night. After the busi;ness session a "conundrum banquetwas givenfollowed by a social hour,at which all the members participated in a contest. One of the membersventured the remark that the mean-... ' -r "oriinrlrum hanQUet" Wasthat the members were supposed toguess at the nature or wnat w ufng served them. But they all stoodthe test and came out all right.THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Wind-Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)PARISAND STJTCE NORMALGAME TO-DAY.The football elevens of the ParisHigh School and the State NormalSchool, of Richmond, will play onWright Field this (Friday) afternoon. The game will be called at3-00 o'clock. The Paris team haspicked up a great deal of usefulfootball knowledge since the lastgame, and the State Normal teamranks very high as exponents of thegame. Paris enthusiasts may expect a good game, as the P. H. S.boys have promised themselves toto trim the warriors from the Madison capital.LostA gold watch chain ,rope design,lost on or near Main street, Saturdav nisrht. Liberal reward for return to THE BOURBON NEWSoffice. .Mules EstrayedOne black horse mule, and onebay mare mule. Reward for information leading to their recovery.(7-tf) C. S. BRENT & BRO.Lost, RewardLost, somewhere between Twelfthstreet and Second street, tt CoralBeaded Bracelet. Finder will be liberally rewarded if same is returnedto THE BOURBON NEWS office.6-3t-pd)Turkeys For Sale.Pure bred Bourbon Red Turkeysfor sale. Price reasonable. Call 37Clintonville Ex., or addressMrs. SAM CRAWFORD,C6-3t) ' Austerlitz, Ky.Pall Fashion Display!'Introducing some of the most charming and fashionableSuits, Dresses, Waists, Coats and Millinery of the season.You can dress just as attractively as the models hereshown, but you must have the dress that become you best.The variety of styles and models in this big sale cannot bemore complete.$39.50 ,. $14M0BVaIo., $29.50 tO $129.00They represent the largest styles, including' the newestand most desirable shades. All of the Simon standard.Extra SpecialTricotine and SergeDressesValues up to $50.00$29Waists$3.98 to $3450$4.98 to $42,50 Values -Up-to-the-minute Extra sizes. GeorgetteCrepe, Crepe de Chene.One Glance, and We Are Sure You Will Make a Quick DecisionMillinery SaleThese Fisk and Cupid Hats are of thenewest selections for fall and winter wear.We cannot say too much for these hats, asthey are well worth talking about. '$12.50and $25. OO Values$6.98 to $18.50The Latest InFall CoatsThere is something distinctive and individual about these coats. Their colors areas pretty as the fall leaves. Silvertones,Chamelins, Velours, Oxfords.Our Sale Price$29.50 to $200.00HARRY SIMON2241W. Main St.Lexington, Ky,Main StreetParis, Ky.1-. A.-t - iaWe ourtoreourkV mMw" . M$i H H H H feIT ! z& ' lfelYYtiSMr. and Mrs. HomeloVer:This is an invitation to every man and Womanto come into our store and see our naw Furnitureand Rugs.It is not necessary for you to buy. We justWant to show you our HIGH QUALITY furnitureand the LOW PRICE We ask for it..We know that evey one needs some new furniture, and We are sure you will be better able tomake up your mind what you need right in ourstore.Gome in. "We will welcome you.NTHE J. T. HINT0N CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIN .- . ---Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking-4x-Mv. la- j ---iiGian,ivv ,pnTHE BOTJEBOH HEWS, PAHS, XZHTDCXTFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 131.INFLUENZAAnother Epidemic of DreadScourge Threatens theNationDon't Let Chilis and CoidsDtpress You PepsinolBuilds StrengthWARNINGS issued byleading physiciansand health authorities that another epidemic ofInfluenza is threatening theAmerican people is in the interest of the conservation oflife. The first epidemic, inwhich more than 500,000 losttheir lives, struck the nationunprepared, thinking only ofthe war and its outcome.Now people have time tothink of their personal welfare. They have time tobuild up their strength, asthe physicians advise. Theytjaje Jjjlie to decide what isbest to increase their powerof resistance best o meetthe attack's of germs whichspread Influenza. Theykjiow when a cold develops,when chills suddenly attackthem, that Pepsinol will conserve their strength, increasetheir vitality, make the bodily organs function in perfectorder and invigorate thewhole constitution.Pepsinol is the world-famousStrength-Renewer, Vitalizerand General Conditioner thatbuilds up Body, Brain, Bloodand Nerves. Tt takes youout of the valley of diseaseand sets you on the heightsof robust, rosy health.Genuine Pepsinol is madeonly by The Peplax MedicineCompany, Memphis, Tenn.,and in strict accordance withthe standards of the U. S.Pharmacopoeia.Gt Pepsinol from:PEOPLES PHARMACYMain St., Paris, Ky.SMALL BOYS GROW TOBACCO INBACK YARD. .Clarence Curtis, 11 years old, andWilliam Curtis, 8 years old, ofGeorgetown, embryo farmers, willmake, as the result of their summer's efforts, between $300 and$500. Unassisted, the lads plowedthe ground in their back yard andplanted tobacco seed.They nurtured the plants, "wormed" and cut, and now they are readyto strip the weed and place it upon,the market.They are sons of Cleveland Curtis,.n interurban conductor.A bargain sale where the storegets the bargain and the customersget the experience will leave bothparties sadder, but wiser.mc a packagebefore the warc a packageduring the war9BLCa piSO DOESNATIONAL COHEEBENCE OH RUBRAL EDUCATION ANDCOUNTRY UPEFor the past five years the Department of the Interior, through theBureau of Education, has been waging a nation-wide campaign forbetter rural schools and the improvement of country life. Amongthe agencies employed in this workhas been a series of conferencesthroughout the country. In response to invitations from PresidentFrost, of Berea College, and theHon. V. O. Gilbert, State Superintendent of Public Instruction,the Sixteenth Conference is calledto meet at Berea, November 25 to28, both inclusive, 1919. SeveralGovernors, ten to twelve State Superintendents of Public Instruction,many City and County Superintendents of Schools, Presidents of StateNormal Schools, Colleges and Universities and many prominent clubwomen, business and professionalmen, administrative school officersand progressive farmers have beeninvited and many of them will bepresent and take part on the program. The central thought of the conference will be what our ruralsnhoolR must be and do to meet af-iter-war conditions.For information regarding hotelaccommodations and for accommodations at the College dormitories,write Dean C. N. McAllister, Berea,Ky., at once, stating how many inthe party, when you will arrive andhow long you will stay.J. L. McBrien, Director RuralSchool Extension, Bureau of Educatin, Washington, D. C, is the Executive Secretary of the Conference.NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS!Should any subscriber of THENEWS fail to get their paper, pleasecall this office, either phone No. 124,at once, or let us know in someother way, that it is not being delivered. If the carrier boys are notdelivering their papers promptly, wehave no way of finding out unlessI we are notified when you fail to getwhat you are paying for. You willdo us a distinct favor by telephoningus at once when you fail to getyour paper promptly.THE NEWS now has. the bestforce of carriers we have ever had,and we are satisfied they do all theycan to effect prompt and faithful delivery of papeis to their customers.oA RAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AFTER BEING DEAD FOR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcher,Westfield, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, looked behind it. There was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Fanners SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)oThe store that keeps somethingdoing all the time, don't have toworry about what other stores aredoing.THE PRICES. .187 jTOBACCO BRfflGIWlffiGH PRICESFOR SEASON.The top price of the season forcolory Burley tobacco of the 1919crop was paid last week at the Louisville Tobacco Warehouse, whenbright leaf of the new crop broughtas high as 61 cents a pound. Thetop price previously was around 40cents.Bracken Chronicle: "H. R. Pickerell, of Chatham precinct, sold theremainder of his 1918 crop of tobacco, about 6,000 pounds, to TedFagan, at ?47.50 per hundred. Thisis the highest price we have heard ofbeing paid for old tobacco."Chas. Linville, of Kable's Mills,Robertson county, sold his crop oftobacco of about 3,500 lbs., Saturday, to J. M. Thompson, at 50c perpound. This crop is a very fine one.William Lee . Nutter, farmer ofScott county, will make a small fortune on his tobacco crop this season.He has grown about 50,000 poundsand has sold it to the IndependentTobacco Warehouse Company, ofLexington for 85 cents a pound, andone-half of the profits. The tobaccocompany sent Nutter a check for$5,000 to secure the trade.CONSTIPATION,Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould be used only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieftake Chamberlain's Tablets and becareful' to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot only move the bowels ,but improve the appetite and strengthenthe digestion.(adv-nov)oCINCINNATI TO DICTATE MEN'SSTYLES FOR 1920.The styles for men's clothing forthe year 1920 will be dictated fromCincinnati. This developed with theannouncement that an elaborate.style show is to be the feature of theconvention of the National MerchantTailors Designeis' Association inCincinnati, February 3 to 6. Thestyle experts of New York and Chicago, whose word is law agreed toplace their new creation on displayin connection with the convention,so that the delegates may get theirideas in Cincinnati.Arrangements for housing thestyle show are being made by Chris.E. Kieiger, president of the Cincinnati Merchants' Tailors' Designers'Association, and vice president of theNational organization. Merchanttailors, designers, clothing cuttersand others interested in the men'stailoring trade m all parts of theUnited States and Canada will attendthe National convention.Prescribed By Physicians For -Over18 YearsThe Bayer Cross" marked on tablets means you are getting the genuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"proved safe by millions of people.In the Bayer package are properdirections for Colds, Headache,Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica,Neuritis and for Pain generally.Handy tin boxes of 12 tabletscost only a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger Bayer packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.s (adv)BRIGHTER-EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illumi-uatea nouse.55T:C523rT . . ? -.'JS.useolectricitifor Cigbtittg ,It's the only satisfactory way.use Sasfor Reality and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor (he Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Elect f . '--" ws(Incorporated)NAME BAYER"MEANS ASPIRINIS GENUINEfrUNQMilCopyrlebtl919byR. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co..fsrr-X'OU certainly get yours when you lay your smokecards on the table,Y call for a tidy red tin or a toppy red bag of Prince Albert and roll amakin's cigarette ! You'll want to hire a statistical bureau to keep countof your smokestunts ! Why, you never dreamed of the sport that liesawaiting your call in a home rolled cigarette when it's P. A. for thepacking!Talk about flavor! Man, man, you haven't got the listen of half yoursmokecareer until you know what rolling 'em with P. A. can do for yourcontentment! And, back of P. As flavor, and rare fragrance proofs ofPrince Albert's q uality stands our exclusive patented process that- cuts out bite and parch ! With P. A- your smokesong in a makin's cigarette will outlast any phonograph record you ever heard ! Prince Albertis a cinch to roll. It's crimp cut and stays put like a regular oal!Prince Albert upsets any notion you ever had as to how delightful ajimmy pipe can 6e ! It is the tobacco that has made three men smokepipes where one was smoked before. It has won men all over the nationto the joys of smoking. -- -R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, Winston-Salem, N. C.GREATEST -LABOE STRIKE INHISTORY NOW ON.CHICAGO, Nov. 2. Upwards of394,000 bituminous mine workersthroughout the nation of a total of615,000 men employed in that industry are on strike in response to thegeneral strike call, according to reports, in some instances estimated,received by union leaders.Despite the Federal injunctionissued at Indianapolis against thestrike, the- leadeis who generallystated they would disregaid it, asserted that the strike would be extended to more than 500,000 miners.Practically all the coal miners inKentucky have obeyed the strikebrder with the exception of those inthe counties of Hopkins, Christian,Webster and Union, in the Westernsection, and in Hazard section inPerry county.The miners in the four Westerncounties have an anti-strike clausein their contract.In other West Kentucky countiesthe strike has been generally observed and about 2,000 men are involved. In Eastern Kentucky, about 15,000 men are involved in Bell, Pulaski, Pike, Harlan, Perry, Whitley,Letcher and other counties.Altogether about 20,000 minersare out in Kentucky. No disorderhas been reported.oBIFF!I Stop jolting Liver and Bowels jwith violent drugs, buttake Cascarets." ij- t "" - m-6 . . c9"Dynamiting" bile out of yoursystem with calomel and other sickening purgatives is all wrong. Saltsoil and cathartic waters act by flooding the bowels with the digestivejuices which are vital to the stomach. Cascarets are different. Theyact as a tonic to the bowel muscles,which is the only sensible way to relieve a bilious attack, a sour, acidstomach, or constipated bowels.There is no griping or inconvenience.You naturally return to regularityand cheerfulness. Cascaiets costveiy little and they woik while yousleep.(adv)-oThe less friends you make foryour stoie, the more it will needthem. The friends of a store likethe friends of an individual are the-"makmg" of a store.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine,manufactured by P. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo. Ohio, is a constitntinnniremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the svstem. On a Wndred Dollars reward is offered fnrany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails tO CUie. Send fnr nSwn.lais and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO..sou by d. ? 0hi0-TT'ii - :i. v;. ' Jxicm x? aumy ruis ioy constipation.. (adv-nov)wmw W 31' :BaHBamszZ y vv'j Let your ownexperienceIf coffee Joes hurt your nerves and general health, try a change toPOSTUMYou will find this cereal drink of delicious coffee-like flavor, satisfying to thetaste, and a friend to health.Truly Economical, TooBoil for fifteen minutes after boilingbegins., Two sizes, usuallysold at 15c and 25cMade by Postum Cereal CompanyBattle Creek, MichiganIgeaciA MAN ANDBiWf Ik t wis j v Xv 1 VSof I WW ILEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40MR. P. LaDUKB, FARMER, SAYS,"YOU BET RATS CAN BITETHROuGH METAL.""I had feed bins lined with zinclast year, rats got through prettysoon. Was out $18. A $1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You trv it. Threesizes; 25c. 50c. $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' Supplyjo., raris, ity.v (adv-nov)FPTkill 'the nationaljoy smokemakes a whaleof a cigarette!i cAxr&ilmiyour say-so, you'fffind toppv zed bags, tidy redtins, handsome pound aadhalf pound tin humidorsand that classy, practicalpound crystal glass humidorwith sponge motstener topthat keeps Prince Albert insuch perfect condition 1decideHIS WIFEmay Loth derive sa isf actionby having their worn and soiledgaiments cleaned by us. Thec jit is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are eifecting a greatving, musj; surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 169TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760lifIi!Bl:.li:SI, c'V' ".X5-.n ;5W TV """cFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1919.THE BOTOBOlff HEWS, PARIS. KENTUCrTFicnsxTxr"i.'aSf'S "-THE REDCKOSSSEATS.CHRISTMASLA' l.J!llJl,JUWJSmKW99KJ"" J w-J I aBBKBBBBBBBHBBBBCBBXB9ISHBBfiBHBH9B9xbbbbbBbw9hb1bBBBHbHIBBBBBBb1A man'sbest paliskistmoimtKnotty problem? Let me help1Ches. Field3TTBLP" is right! A smooth, mellowsmoke is just the thing, when you'reup against a tough one. And Chesterfieldis that smoke.An expert and exclusive blend is responsible finest, silkiest Turkish tobaccos fromXanthi, Cavalla, Smyrna and Samsoun, andthe best varieties of Domestic leaf puttogether by the manufacturer's privateformula that brings out every last bit offlavor. No other process, no other blend,can successfully imitate Chesterfield'ssmoothness and full-bodied flavor.No argument here ! Chesterfields satisfyas no other cigarette has ever satisfiedbefore.fftffy36Seifr5Ctq E0 a. m."tT20 For 20 Centsam the blendcan't be copiedGOVERNOR BLACKNATIONAL THRIFT CAMPAIGN"To The Bankers of Kentucky:' The Government is now prosecuting a National Thrift Campaign, andI hope that all the banks in thisState will give this movement theirunqualified support. The organizing of Savings Societies for the purchase of Thrift and Savings Stampsand the new Treasury Savings Certificates will convert many spendersinto savers. Every new saver created ultimately becomes a bank depositor. Every new bank depositor,no mtter with what band he deals,is a distinct additional asset to theentire banking community,i "A person once having acquiredthe iuibit of saving, will b'e a bankcustomer all his life. For this reasonevery bank in this State should pushthis movement to the utmost of itsability, not forgetting that everyThrift and Savings Stamp and Tieasury Savings Certificate sold "will ultimately build up a savings account.Thrift practice means the retainingENDORSES I of wealtl1 in tne hands of those whoi earn it. instead oi anowuig it tu ue-come concentrated in the hands ofthe few. Nothing will stabilize ourgovernment more than the bringingabout of this general condition ofthrift."Very truly yours,"JAMES D. BLACK,"Governor."ONLY A COLD.Are you ill? is often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but- peo'ple are beginning to learnthat a common cold is a matter notRelic Queerly Preserved.A steel ladle seven Inches long, suihpoised to have been used by Indiansin melting lead for bullets many yearaat, wh UMiau liuueuueu m iue neari. n , r c a.i. -3i - .- f" . Bof a red oak tree salved up for fire-wood at South Altoona, Pa. Rings onUie tree indicate It was more than onehundred years old. The ladle, madeof the finest charcoal steel, is believed to have been driven into thiree when it waa a sapling.?.!,.Sales of Red Cross Christmas Sealsfinance in the main work of the Kentucky Tuberculosis Association,"Campaign Director Thweatt, incharge of the Christmas Seals campaign in Kentucky, said. Mr.Thweatt gave some facts in regard,to the prevalence of tuberculosis inKentucky and in the cities of theState that gave an adea of howwidespread the white plague is."Statistics show," said Mr. Thweatt, "that Kentucky has the highestdeath rate from tuberculosis gf anyof the States and and experience hasshown that tuberculosis is both preventable and curable disease. Census figures tell us that one out ofevery seventy persons in the UnitedStates die every year and ten percent, of these deaths are caused bytuberculosis. In Kentucky one outof every seven persons who died lastyear died from this plague."There are about twenty-ninethousand nine .hundred living casesof tuberculosis in Kentucky. Unlessthese patients are properly cared foror taught to care for themselvesevery active case may become thefocus for five other cases. We aretrying to stop the needless sacrificeof human lives by teaching the victims of this disease to practice thesimple laws of sanitation in theirhomes, in public places and amongtheir friends."Kentucky has never failed to respond to the calls for help throughthe Red Cross Christmas Seals. Wehave no thought it will do so thisyear,"-but rather that it will givegenerously .the willing gift of a generous people to aid the unfortunatessuffering a living death from a disease that can be cured if propermethods will be followed."OP LOCAL INTEREST.Some People We Know, and We WillProfit by Hearing: About TbemThis is a purely local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's wordTo confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of confidencethat one you know nothing aboutEndorsed by unknown people.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesI have suffered severely with kidney complaint. My back often pained me and was lame most all thetime. The kidney secretions weretoo frequent in passage and greatlyannoyed me. When I have been thisway, I have always found that a boxof Doan's Kidney Pills has never failed to cure me of the attack 'in shortorder."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. - Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oThe Predicament.Teddy had the., usual nine o'clocksickness and did not have to go" toschool as a result. But at ten o'clockhe found that he had recovered, andafter dressing sought his mother in thekitchen. "I'm well, mother," he announced, "but I can't go to school tillnoon. Yon see It's too late now justto be counted tardy and too early tobe counted absent."JAMES WATSON SAYS, "I'LL NEVER FORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTCHOLERATHE UNIVERSAL CARMost of the Gas Companies throughout thecountry use a fleet of Ford Runabouts. Thesame is true of other big corporations. Thereasons are very practical. The Ford Runabout,is the most economical solution of quick trans-Jportation from manufacturer to retailer. - For.soliciting business, for the Collector, for theDoctor, Contractor, Builder, and almost every!other line of business activity, the Ford Run-;about is really a necessity. We solicit your orderfor one or more. We ask your repair business.We would like your motor accessory business.We can serve you, we believe, to your bestadvantage.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky.irBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4Wcit Fifh Streetxa1iMf J1"L ""i ( ' ibw iffir ibjhFS?'iXIXIXIXISATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand exnerfc helnera we arcfera prepared to do work irife-VJE nor to none, and solicitl your patronage.IXIXIXIXIJX5,The Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky jjgsjgj!gggggggagaggiia;;ggiig5gB3ggsgg5aA GOOD COUGH MEDICINECHILDREN.FORMrs. J. W. PhilliDS. Redon. Gato be trifled with, that some of the l P110 to J. M. Floyd, the merchantmost serious diseases start with acold. As soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlain's CoUgll Remedy. Remember that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy will help you to throwit off.(adv-nov)For Sale Dairy or Stock Farmw.is wntored. well fenced lanu in jcium.-uufi ... ....-... fiktniwl-ilOountV kooiI 2-slorv Widen-. 2 tenant houses 2 old barns, one largeH ode, n to the minute dairy barn holds 4 0 ha id 2 large new triple,wall silos water system and bath, electric light ljanl, Inn 1 in Whslate or cultivation. We can sell this with Dairy Hd-a "f-tnnin" imniement, feed nnd equipments, or sell the Urn IseDt"J,!nnd"" 1. -- c;ro&s hlc0"ie frm DnlryIm'vcKiSSi around M,.m(H) per month all year. Let us show you this.NORTON CALDWELL CO.IncorporatedLOUISVILLE, KY.there, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing herchildren so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.You will find nothing better forcoughs and colds in children or foryourself. It keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon freesthe system from the cold.(adv-nov)oReading Useless Without Action.If you want to get value out of abook, however, don't lean on it asthough you were a cripple. A bookcm n't take you by sheer force andproject you into a good job, or putmore money in your pay envelope, ormsilce you industrious or patient whenvou are otherwise. All you can expectof a book Is that it tells you how thesebillys can be accomplished. The real'oh lies with you."One morning he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RAT-SNAP. It's the surest, quickest rat.destroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, $1.50. Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky."(adv-nov)': -oNo ambition can be satisfied byany other means than service toothers. Because, after all, we arepaid for the service we give.AHWOMMADENERVESSTRONGig55I"Hg.S'gJg'glB;iliS38glJiUmilCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter CoaJ?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257TIHFBfflTlTW-f "--Mf-lft-t-fr"" rfiilTTTTrflf " 1tf MTtf Tlf 1WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to asset and dividends. Annual ""Pg1?110 of net earnings will be used to Ww at not over110 and accrued dividend. .--JMsateSuiaww -K Wet earnings for past three yea'rs have averaged over four times dividendHiuirements on this stock. . . vi i-rtl - quick assets cquaTsTsi per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netJ Afinnl SOrTO nor shnre.- .!. ywv t.,PRICE100. Special Circular on Requect.MES C. WILLSON & CO.SfcTT:.. . m. !JLJU12VJULJ-il lfc.XALADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR RAT-SNAP.SsJ ARead Mrs. Phillips' wire: "Youell'sExterminator Co.,W.estneld, N. J.Rush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourhouse of rats in no time. Just moved here from Pa., where I used RATSNAP with great results." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmer's SupplyCo., Paris, Ky. "( adv-nov)By Ljrdia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound,Winona, Minn. "I suffered for morethan a year from nervousness, and waaso uau'x cuuiu uubrest at nightwould lie awake andget so nervous Iwould have to getup and walk aroundand in the morningwould be' all tiredout. I read aboutLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetaDie uom-found and thoughtwould try it Mynervousness o o nleft me. I sleep?ell and feel fine in the morning andable to do my work. I gladly recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound to make weak nervesstrong. " Mrs. Albert Sultze, 603Olmstead St., Winona, Minn.How often do we hear the expressionamong women, "I am so nervous, I cannot sleep' or "it seems as though Ishould fly. " Such women should profitby Mrs. Sultze's experience and givethis famous root and herb- remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham'3 Vegetable Compound, a trial. vFor forty yeara it has been overcoming such serious conditions as displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irreg-The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calk promptly attended to, with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.BUaBDBBBHBHaVHeIf" - , .-. . , 3Wi,rt vppn nut nf "his mind ulanties, periodic pains, DacKacne, awrthe constant thougfcf"that the only I ziness, and. erjous - jrostration olthins he is working for is his salary wome" a"n"nowc???athe aUnubjlu reineuy avu puv,u tiuwuwlis the-man' who reaches the topj - '(7t I ! H i' t'H"W' wjtmj,M minusSend That Next Job off Printing to ThoBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices. M'.. iVlvl-ir-il-.3aiO'S.Tl'iBW sn-cci, .- -v-r-r- -V -i'-c-Vz. -V A Js- v-T.,-.-,.-,.- . -VvAvfeambis-'flMB4....,V&tDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1919.THE BOIteBOif HEWS. sl&IS, 'KEHOTCKTPJL0X EIGHT "- a. m.,1. , "!5 ""g r '' ,- .jii.ftDEATHS.MILLERSBURG;Lf!1fc1Mrs. Laura C. Jefferson is very511 at her home. TDr. C. C. Fisher is visiting relatives in Virginia.-r-Mrs. G. M. Jones, of Cincinnati,Ohio, is the guest of her mother.The Baptist church -will give a"banquet at the Masonic Temple next-week. - )- Mrs. Nancy Wilson is the guestof Mr. and. Mrs. T. R. 'Wilson, inMaysville.i-LjMr. and Mrs. William Fusssecfcer imited with the M. E. churchlast Sunday.Miss Aleta Wilson was "theHst of Mrs. Ireland Davis, inParis, Tuesday and Wednesday.Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd, ofHarrodsburg, were the guests of Mrs.Mary Huffman, Tuesday and Wednesdayl Martin Furlong has moved from"his farm near Millersburg to the"home of Mrs. Russell Mitchell, forthe winter.The Missionary Society of theBaptist church held an all-day sewing at the home of Mrs. Charles Leer,3iear Millersburg, Wednesday.William Parker and familyIfave moved from the Miller property to the William Rankin home"lately vacated by Henry Bowling.Mr. and Mrs. James P. Lail, ofParis, have returned from theirwedding trip and are now guests of3ier parents, Mr. and Mrs. S. B.Bruce.- The -.-ladies of the M. E. churchwillgive a banquet to the malemembers of the church, beginning at7:30 p. m., this evening. An interesting - program of good music andinteresting addresses will be rendered. 'HUTCHCRAFTCharles F. Hutchcraft, agedabout sixty, a former resident ofthis city, died at his home in Slimmitt, Iew Jersey, Tuesday night,after" a short illness. The news ofhis death came here in a message tohis relatives. He was a nephew ofMr. R. B. Hutchcraft and Miss EllaHarris, and had been away fromParis many years. He had been engaged in business in New York City.- The body will arrive in Paris onthe 10:50 train from Lexington thismorning, and will be taken to tfoeParis Cemetery, where services willbe conducted at the grave.NEWSUM.Relatives in Paris have receivedinformation of the death of Mr. Arthur .G. Newsum, aged fifty-seven, aformer resident of this city andcounty, which occurred at his homein Dallas, Texas, Wednesday night.Mr. Newsum was a member of oneof the old families of the State, andcame to Bourbon county when veryyoung. He was for many years engaged in the training of thoroughbreds and trotters, in which he madean enviable reputation. He was forseveral years head trainer for thestables of Finzer Bros., millionairetobacco manufacturers of Louisville,and at various times had in hischarge some of the most notedhorses in this is -well as other counties. Mr. Newsum was formerlyagent for the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad at Shawhan, and was wellknown in business circles in. Paris.Mr. Newsum married Miss BelleBowen, daughter of the late GeorgeW. Bowen, Sheriff of Bourbon county, and prominent distiller, and wasa brother-in-law of City Health Officer Dr. A. H. Keller.After leaving Kentucky Mr. New-,, -.T.nnf fn To-v-oc tn rpsiile. Whilethere he was tendered the position ofni.ricinn "PaQsprifTAr aerfint oh one ofHenry C. Bowling and family. the x e roads by s. F. B. Morse,liave moved from the home recently who was for many years Generalsold by them to William Rankin, to pgsaenSQT Agent of the Kentuckythe property lately purchased by , ,.entral road now the Louisville &Mrs. Bessie Caldwell, in Butler Ad- jgiHe. Mr. Newsum accepteddition. the position, which he filled to theMrs. W. A. Butler entertained j time of his death,about- fourteen friends Wednesday He is survived I by his widow threetPmoon in honor of Mrs Nannie married daughters and one son, allaiternoon in nonoi oi Mrs. wanne idi in Texas. The funeral andHunter and daughter. Miss Pattie residing m iei . wdneqEunter, of Washington, Mason burial was held in Dallas, Wednesco ttv." mother and sister of Mrs. ,Ud'-A. S. Best.Mr. and Mrs. James Miller gave'.at dinner Wednesday night at theircountry nome near iuuierauurg.The home was beautifully .decoratedwith red and white flowers and redcandles. A delicious repast wasserved the guests.At the election held Tuesdaythe following were elected membersof the City Council: D. P. Jones,W. A- Butler, E. M. Ingels,- W. D.Melntyre,' A. S. Best, Dr. H. M. Boxley. Dr. Boxley and Mr. Best arethe new members, Rufus Butler andB. T. Sheeler retiring.Alamo Theatre TodayJUNE CAPRICEand Creigton HaleIN"The Love Cheat"Also Anne Luther and Chas. Hutchisonin "THE GREAT GAMBLE"Admission Children 9c plus lc war tax,18c plus 2c war tax, 20c.10c. AdultsAlamo Tomorrow Night. ONLYJack Pickfordand Louise HuffIN"Great Expectations"Jack Pickford and Louise Huff in a story by CharlesDickens. What a combination. No wonder crowds overflowed the theatre when it was shown a few years ago. Nowonder they have demanded a reshowing of this masterpiece.Come! It may be your last chance!Admission-Children 9c plus lc war tax, 10c. Adults18c plus 2c war tax, 20c.ALAMOAfternoonTOMORROWSATURDAY, NOV. 8thGRANDAt NightWilliam Fox Presents the Greatest Racing Story in the WorldftftftBftftftr flftl flftH kfttv 'klkMftftr ftftr ftftW kllflBftr lftl ftftfelHBftftrBy Henry M. Blossom. Thoroughbreds and high life intermingled with a basicdrama of the human emotions. Tense with life,, action and abounding thrills.y .J-3-..8- Adults, 31c rplus 4c war tax 35carniSSIOrl Children and Gallery, 22c plus 3c war tax.. 25c9"Mrs. V. "L. Barton gave a reception. Wednesday afternoon to aboutseventy-five friends. On the receiving' line with the hostess wereMrs. Moffet, pf Cynthiana, and several Millersburg ladies. The homeVss beautifull illuminated with waxtapers and Victrola music was rendered during the afternoon. Anelaborate luncheon was served theguests. -JohnJones, colored, who diedsome days ago, was one of our most"highly esteemed colored citizens. It-will be remembered that he receivedserious injuries about three yearsago, in an automobile accident withDr. W. G. Dailey. Since then he hasfoeen a patient sufferer, confined toIris bed 'during the time. Everyoneiiad a great sympathy for him, and-did what they could to contributeto his comfort. He was an employof Dr. Dailey for several years, and.during his long illness Dr. and Mrs.CLAY.Following an illness of severalweeks, the gentle spirit of Mrs.Lucille Turney Clay, wife of Mr. J.Frank Clay, of the county, passed airio hnmp nf her sister. Mrs. HarryB. Clay, on Duncan avenue, Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. uiay came ivthe home of her sister some weeksago for a short visit, but was takensuddenly and seriously ill. She lingered between life and death formany days, until death finally wonin the struggle Wednesday, and shenDesoH -npnnAfllllv awaV.Mrs. Clay was the daughter of thelate Captain and Mrs. Daniel Turney, both prominent residents ofParis, and who preceded ner w megrave many years ago. She was of abright, cheery disposition, and heramiability created such an atmosphere of happiness in the home andin her presence that it was like aninspiration. She was all that a loving and devoted wife and mothercould have been, and in all her du-Hpr held strictly to the line orfidelity and faithfulness. She wasbeloved by the large circle of friendsand acquaintances who held her inthe highest esteem, and these, withthe sorrowing relatives, have lost agolden link from the inner circle.She was a devoted member of theParis Presbyterian church, and tookan active interest in all its societies.Besides her husband, Mr. J.Frank Clay, she is survived oy twosons, Turney Clay and .Harry B.Clay, Jr.; one daughter. Miss Frances Clay; and three sisters, Mrs.Harrv "R. Clav. Mrs. Samuel Willisresidence of Mr. Harry B. Clay, on THEN WEDuncan avenue, at 2:30 o'clock, yesterday afternoon, services being conducted by Rev. Frank J. Cheek, ofDanville. The burial followed onfamily lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers were John HarrisClay, Amos Turney, Jr., William G.Talbott, Louis Taylor, Brooks Clay,Wm. O. Hinton, H. Hume Payne,Matt Turney and Wm. R. Blake-more.STOLL.KICK ATSERVICE.OTO MAILBsJley did much for his support and and Mrs. Edna McMillan.comfort.'The funeral was held from theJJhe Sheraton jirt TJfodei5. . Ok1Qg&&&-'0W)Now pn Display in Our Store.Come in and and let us show you thig wonderful machine,and hear "it play. MO NEEDLES TO CHAJtfGE.DALION MACHINESee this machine and hear it play.TJhe Jiuto SiieOsDiParis friends heard with regretof the death in Lexington of JohnW. Stoll, oldest son of Mr. and Mrs.John W. Stoll, which occurred atSt. Joseph's Hospital, in that cityTuesday evening. Death resultedfrom paralysis, which followed burnsreceived durins the summer. Mr.Stoll was ,thirty-two years old, andwas almost as well-known in Fansas he was in Lexington.Mr. Stoll was a graduate of theUniversity of Kentucky. Soon afterthe outbreak 6f the world war heenlisted in the army and attendedthe vocational training school atFt. Benjamin Harrison, near Indianapolis, where several Bourbon county boys were stationed at the sametime. He was sent to France, wherehe entered the air service, in whichhe saw some action. He was prominent in Central Kentucky society,and his death is sincerely mournedby a large circle of friends and acquaintances. Mr. Stoll is survived by -his widow,who was formerly Miss Julia Woodcock, of Danville; one son, J. W.Stoll, III, one daughter, Miss EddieBradlev RtolL Ills Barents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Stoll, Sr., one sister, Mrs.Robert Coleman, and two brothers,Edward and Richard Stoll.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence on West Thirdstreet,' this (Friday) afternoon, atthree o'clock, with services conducted hv Rev.- Beni. Jay Bush. Theburial will follow on the family lotin the Lexington Cemetery. The1 pall-bearers will be members of thefamily. ' ' r "- ' " ' '"fcoBIRTHS, tAn elderly woman in ClermontFerand, Auvergne, has received aletter addressed to her mother inJune, 1857. It was from her father,discussing the education of abrother, now 75. The letter arrivedby post without explanation of thedelay. The original addressee hasbeen dead 15 years.' THE NEWS once upon a time received a letter from our Millersburg correspondent written twodays before its receipt here. Thepostmark showed it had been mailedoh the day it was written. A member of THE NEWS staff sent - aspecial delivery letter to Lexington,mailing it at six o'clock m memorning. The letter was deliveredat the Lexington address at 5:35that afternoon. And so we mightgo on adding instances without num-CAHAL BROS.. BABBER SHOPPrompt and' Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSber. The incident cited in the firstparagraph has almost its counterpart in some parts of our mail service.Read more, listen more and yourroute will be easier, straighter andquicker.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOKS 403-404HBST HAT'L BANK BUILDIHOPHONE 136i i W W MM Mfc.miWM irQuality FootwearAt Less Than Factory Cost PricesOur ECONOMY STORE offers you you the opportunity tosupply your fall and winter requirements at a big saving inprice- BUY TOMORROW, Saturday, and benefit by our moneysaving prices.A Featuture Exclusivewith theDalion Machine. .Christmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they will be just asscarce this yearns last.Come in and make an early selection. f , -v-- ' iSrooks dt Snapp Drug Co.To the wife of Walton Nelson,of Reading, Pa., a daughter. Mrs.Nelson was formerly Miss AgnesWadell, of Millersburg.To the wife of Bedford Whitson,of Ruddles Mills, a daughter, weightten pounds. Mrs. Whitson. was formerly Mj.ss Elizabeth Mahorney.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife of J.W. Bell, a son. At the same institution, to the wife of Horace Sprake,a daughter.0 -a -WFLEMING FORMS NEW BURLEYWAREHOUSE COMPANYThe Fleming County Burley Warehouse Company has been organizedat Flemingsburg to buy the warehouses of the Burley Tobacco Company. Incorporators will be ReubenE. Tolle, Noel Saunders, C. M. Harbenson, W. T. Crain and TrumboSnedegar, who will constitute theBoard of Directors. The companywill be incorporated for $40,000, butonly $32,000 will be 'issued at thistime. The directors have not yetelected officers.. Do you realize that when fortuneexempts people from labor that nature overwhelms them with time? --c - -i -AWhat would, you do If you" w.erein "the ither fiVUmv's hrnt? Wavo4See the Most Beautiful Fall ModelsWe are Offering at Economy Prices$7.50 and $8.00 Ladies' Dark Brownand Glazed Black Kid BeautifulLace BootsNarrow Style Vamps in high heels; also in English styles,military heels, on sale at$5.99I"yHaWa&-ix'-$7.00 Ladies' Dark Tan LaceBoots, high heels, dark brownand glazed kid boots in English styles. Cloth and leathervtops.On sale at $4.99Men's Fall Boots, English and,soft vici kid, wide toelasts. $7.00 values.On sale at $4.99$3.50 Ladies' and GrowingGirls' English Lace Boots inblack kid and gun metalleathers. Also a special lotgray boots.On sale at $3.99$5.00 Ladies' and GrowingGirls' Gun Metal EiiglifehLace Boots, low heels.On sale at $3.49Metl'4 $6.60 Gun Metal English Shdel dn sale at,$3.99$4.00 MenCalf WorkatIan' and BlackShoes pn sale$299Misses' $3.50 School Shoes inin gnn metal, lace and button. On said it $2.49"Boys' and Youths' $5.00 extragood Dress and School ShoesOn sale at $3.49Boys' and Youths' $3.00 Gun High Top Boots for t& 2ndMetal Shoes.On sale at $1.99Girls at aGreat SavingDAN5Pirisr Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign)JL.- - 117 r- -,' . -.v. v'- -OrVV-"V -z&Srt'A.iSr - -"' -- z-?i.you ever stopped to thinic of it7