$i A'35'1"14.1-Vr'1- A-rTHE BOURNEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 4, 1919WIONBOURBON EISCAL COURT.The July term, of the Bourbon. Fiscal Court held a short session in theCounty Court room yesterday, withJudge George Batterton presidingand the following members present:Justices Fretwell, Burris, Talbott,Stevenson, Wiggins, Shropshire andTurner.A large number of claims againstthe county were allowed and orderedpaid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedford wasordered to borrow the sum of ?10,000 for the use of the Turnpike Fund,and to execute his note for saone,payable Jan. 1, 1920, and bearingsix per cent, interest from date.County Treasurer Bedford was ordered to borrow the sum of $5,000for the use of the General Fund andto execute his note for same, payable January 1, 1920, and bearingsix per cent, interest from date.It was ordered that the sum of$100 be appropriated to repair theEndicott dirt road.Superintendent of County SchoolsJ. B. Caywood appeared before theCourt and asked for an additionallevy of five cents on the $100 forschool purposes for the coming year,which was .granted.The Court voted to call an electionto be held on Sept. 6, to vote on thequestion as to whether a twentycents additional road tax should beadded for the purpose of rebuildingthe turnpikes of Bourbon county.An adjournment was taken untilAugust 7.oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE "AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duringJuly.B. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oSALE OP EDIBLES.iThe ladies of the Paris ChristianChurch will hold a sale of edibles in-he room in the Wilson Building, atthe corner of Main and Third streets,formerly the Red Cross Tea Room,to-morrow, Saturday, July 5. Theywill have on sale all kinds of goodthings to eat. and ask the patronageof the public", with the assurancethat the public will get value receivefor every cent spent with them.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSHjHXH BSSSSSSjBSSSSSjBiBftv SBBBHBlHJHHb f BSSST jBBBHP MVbH 'FUTURISTWoman s Modem Undergarment'COMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarment - fSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileIttt, ' V.i v')DROWNS IN Y. M. C. A. POOL INCOVINGTON.Mr. Joseph W. Murray, aged aboutthirty years, was drowned Tuesdayafternoon while bathing: alone in the :pool in Covington Y. M. C. A. The I days' program full of interesting f eabody was found by Mr. B. W. South- j tures. The prograjm will be presentedgate, who came to the pool to bathe.The body had eyidently been submerged but a short time. Murray'sface was badly bruised on one side,as if he had dived against the sideor bottopn of the pool.Young Murray was (a son of Mr.Thomas Murray, a former resident ofParis, who will be well-rememberedhere as "Red," for many years one ofthe most popular conductors on theCovington and Cincinnati street carline. The family moved from Paristo Covington many years ago. Theson who was drowned Tuesday hadonly been home frojm overseas ashort time. He was a cousin of Mr.Barney Brannon, of this city, and T.F. and Edward Brannon, of Lexington, formerly of Paris.oPARISIANS GO TO COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOLIn charge of a party of one hundred Kentucky students, Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, Superintendent of the jParis Public Schools, left thismorning for New York, via the C. &O., from Lexington. The studentswill attend the summer session atColumbia University, while Prof.''Kirpatrick will take a special course Jof study and reviews.Prof. Kirpatrick is Chairman ofthe State Colujmbia University Association. In the party are Miss RebaLockhart, instructor of Latin, in theParis High School, and Miss Margaret Griffith, also of Paris, who willtake special courses. In order to keepposted on "what's doing" in Parisduring his absence, Prof. Kirkpatrick orders THE NEWS forwarded tohim at Hardesty Hall, Columbia University. oBUY SEASON TICKETS NOW.Don't put off buying your Chautauqua season tickets. Buy to-day,oSUSTAINS PARALYTIC STROKE.As a result of a stroke of paralysis, lately sustained, Mrs. AndrewReffett is in acritical condition ather home on the Cynthiana pike, nearParis. There was no improvementin her condition yesterday.f':NJ)elivery , - ;;.'$ ,1 ,. JK 'NT-Jfc, 4DATE FOR THE LOCAL CHAUTAU-QUA PAST APPROACHING.All roads will lead to Paris on themorning of Tuesday, July 8, whenthe Chautauqua will ODen for a six"cic uuuci me auspices 01 me wmte& Myers Chautauqua System, ofKansas City, who had charge of thework in the past seasons.Season tickets may be obtained atthe places designated by the committee, at $2.00 for adults, plus the wartax of 20 cents; childrens seasontickets for $1.00, plus the war taxof 10 cents, and will admit childrenfrom six to twelve years. Thesetickets -will be on sale until noon ofthe opening day. The war tax mustbe paid on adult season tickets andthe childrens' seasons tickets at thetime the ticket is purchased, insteadof being collected at the Chautauquadoors, as was done last year. Theseseason tickets entitle the owner toa very low rate of admission, andare non-transferable except withinowner's immediate family, and aregood for admission only when properly signed by the owner.Handsome designed folders, showing the various attractions on theprografci, have been distributed atvarious points about the city, andmay be obtained upon application toany of the committee.PROSPECTIVE CANDIDATESNOUNCE.AN-Political races will begin soon toabsorb the attention of our peopleand divert their attention from themany vexatious questions that haveconfronted them for some time past.In this issue will be found the announcements of a number -of prospective 'candidates for various offices.Mr. James H. Thompson, who recently announced his candidacy forRepresentative from Bourbon county,will he opposed by a well-known Republican, Mr. N. A. Moore, who hasmade his public announcement. Mr.Moore made the race four years agoagainst the late Reuben B. Hutohcraft." The race for Councilmen wilf iikelydevelop a lot of new. aspirants. Members of the present body who haveannounced for re-election are ThomasKiser, from the First Ward; CatesbySpears, from the Second Ward; Geo.Doyle, from the Third Ward. NewJ candidates announcing are N. FordBrent and John J Williams, from theFirst Ward; Hugh I. Brent and Edward Burke, from the Second Ward.It -was reported' yesterday that Mr.Jas. H. Moreland, fonmerly a member of the Paris police force, andnow in the oil business in this city,will be a 'candidate from his ward,and that Messrs. John Merringerand J. J. Veatch, present membersfrom the First and Second Wards respectively, would not be candidatesfor re-election. 'ELECTRIC FANS KEEP KOOLAND KOMPORTABLE.Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)oTO-DAY LEGAL HOLIDAY; BANKSAND POSTOPEICE CLOSEDTo-day is the Glorious Fourth ofJuly, in the past appropriately observed almost everywhere, but in thepresent made conspicious in this cityby its non-observance. There will beno public exercises to mark the coming of the Nation's great day, andwith the possible exception of a fewprivate parties, and a few flags displayed, we will hardly know it ishere.The banks and the postoffice willbe closed, the day being a legal holiday. With all the joy taken out oflife by recent strenuous measures,there will be little inducement forthe laboring man to "lay off" on theFourth, as has been the custom ofmany years, and one place is as aptto be as lively as another. We canall gather around the soft drinkstands and have the best time possible under the circumstances. Efforts were made to get up a publiccelebration of the day, it being con-sidered more than ever appropriate jin view of the close of the great warand the return of Bourbon countysoldiers and sailors. But the publicspirit was lacking, and there will benothing doing..The dry goods stores will celebratethe Fourth to-day by remaining closed all day, giving their employes aholiday.It is prohable that the same actionwill be taken by many other lines ofbusiness.CHILDREN ENJOY OUTING.One of the most thoroughly enjoyable outings of the mid-summer season was that tendered the hundredor more members of the SundaySchool and Christian Endeavor of theParis Presbyterian church, Tuesdayafternoon, at Blue Grass Park. Theyoung- Deople made the trip fromParis in a special mterurban car andautomobiles. Arriving at the Parkthey were given complete possessionand told to make themselves "athome' which they did. Boating,swimming, games, feasting and otherpleasures served to'. whileN away theI hours, and all returned tired-buthppy., -;i INTERESTING OIL NOTES;C. L. Bell, president of the Bourbon Oil & Development Ccfnpany, isin; Louisville on business connectedwith his company.- .W. T. Soper, vice-president of theBourbon Oil & Development Company, and L. G. Campbell, attorneyfor the company, are in West Liberty -to look after their company'sholdings in Morgan county, wheretnere is considerable interestprospective developments.inFurther reports from Elliott county are to the effect that the Bourbon Oil & Development Company'snew well on the Lewis lease is betterthan at first reported and mayproye to be a very valuable strike.It is now rated as a 50-barrel producer. Two pays were struck, thefirst in the Keener sand and the second in the Berea grit, with only athin shale formation between them,according to one of the drillers whoworked on the well. The depth ofthe well is about 1,200 feet.ffhe damage by recent storms to thepipe lines that are operating in theiAie county fields has been repairedand all of the companies, it is reported, are carrying the usual supply of oil from the Big Sinking pool.& number of operators, recentlyreturning frcln the fields, however,Are of the opinion that the production in the pool will be hampered forseveral days on account of the almostimpassible condition of the roads intliat section, which prevents themovement of supplies, machinery andgeneral traffic.E. F. Simnis, of Bourbon county,who owns one of the display estatesof Central Kentucky, and has mademillions out of mining and oil investments, has been, elected presidentof the Simms Petroleum Company,one of the largest ecfripanies operating in the Texas field, according toa financial newspaper.The properties acquired by theSimms company, according to reportsof geologists, are some of the best inthe Texas fields. Leases on 424,000acres have already been obtainedand others are being acquired by thecompany.oTHUS SAITH PROPHET!- Attention was called Wednesdayto the twenty-fourth chapter ofIsaiah, particularly the sixth totwelfth verse. A number were disposed to consider Lexington, andother wet spots as a fulfillment ofthis prophecy, especially with thearrival of the. midnight hour, when"there is a crying for wine in thestreets; all joy is darkened; themirth of the land is gone."The verses follow:"6. Therefore hath the curse devoured the earth and they thatdwell therein are desolate; therefore, the inhabitants of the earth areburned, and few jmen left."7. The new wine mourneth, thevine lanquisnea, an ine traerry-hearted do sigh."8. The mirth of tabrets ceaseth,the noise of them that rejoice endeth,the joy of the harp ceaseth."9. They shall not drink winewith a song; strong drink shall bebitter to them that drink it."10. The citv of confusion isbroken down; every house is shutup, that no man may come m."11. There is a crying: for wine inthe streets; all joy is darkened, themirth of the land is gone."12. In the citv is left desolation,and the gate is smitten with destruction." CHOICE LINES CLOSING OUT ATPRICES THAT INVITE JOU. 'The Paris Racket Store is discontinuing some three or four lines, suchat queensware, graniteware, hardware, chinaware. These articles willbe placed in our windows each daymarked at prices that will make themgo. Watch our windows and buysuch things as you can use. Theywill be sold regardless of price.PARIS RACKET STORE,(l-2t) C. P. Mann.EDUCATIONAL BOARDS TO MEET.The six educational boards of thecounty will meet to-morrow, Saturday, July 5, in the office of theCounty Superintendent qf Schools,for the purpose, of completing theelection of teachers to serve for theensuing school year in the Bourboncounty schools. A number of teachers were elected at a previous meeting held in the Superintendent'soffice.Division Board No. 1 will meet at 1o'clock and is composed of the following members: D. C; Lisle, FrankCurrent, J. M. Leacn ana urant uailoway. Division No. 2, 1:10 o'clock p. m.,T. .B. Brannock, W. B. Kiser, R. R.Lail, W. E. Cook and A. A. Fritz.Division No. 3, 1:20 o'clock,' G. L.Moreland, H. S. Lake, H. W. Purdy,Ashby Leer and W. L. Cantrill.rnicn Mn 4 1:30 o'clock. Reynolds Letton, Sam Clay and TilfordH inkle. ' 'Division No. 5 1:40 o'clock, Walter Haugh, W. F. Mitchell, W. R.Tuttle nd James R. Price.-rtitHcrirvn TMr R 1 ? Rft O'clock. R. L.Stipp, J. F. Ingels, 'S. WinsteadSpears; George Link and CharlesWhite. y N , ro , -GOVERNOR REftUESTIONED FORFUGITIVE PROM JUSTICEGovernor James D. Black has maderequisition on the Governor of Ohiofor the return of Everett Jones,wanted in Paris on a charge of erandlarceny. Jones was arrested by theDayton, Ohio, police charged withstealing an automobile in Paris belonging to Newton Rankin, of Carlisle, during a street fair in progress here recently.Chief of Police went to Dayton andreturned with Jones, Wednesday.Jones agreed to waive the formalityof having the papers, which ChiefLink had with him, served in the formal legal way. The machine whichJones had taken was recovered by theDayton police and turned over toChief Link. He drove the car throughfrom Dayton, bringing Jones withhim. Jones, who is only eighteenyears old, was at one time an inmate of the Reform School, fromwhich he made his escape.HONORED WITH APPOINTMENT.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of this city,State Epworth League President inthe Methodist Church Conference,has been selected as a member of thefaculty for the sixth session of theSouthern Epworth League Assemblyfor Methodist Young People, whichis to be held at Lake Junaluska,,North Carolina, July 15-213. Mr.Snapp will have charge of the Epworth League devotional program' onSunday, July 20.At the recent (meeting of theLeague Conference, held in Winchester, the Kentucky Epworthians complimented him by electing him torepresent Kentucky at its Assembly,with all his expenses paid.oCOMPORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, NOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg' Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.AGAIN IN THE TOILS.John Morris, a young white manof this county, who was indicted bythe grand jury at the June term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, on thecharge of appropriating the automobile of Mr. Roy Batterton, and whowas placed on parole by JudgeStout, is again in the Bourbon countyjail.It is alleged that Morris appropriated an automobile belonging to Mr.John Ritchie, of near Shawhan. Heclaimed to have taken the car froma farmer living near Centreville, andcame to Cynthiana thinking it waswas a ord roadstf S& wSarrested in Cynthiana through theefforts of Patrolman Robert Lusk, ofthe Paris police department and re-turned to this city.f WE KNOW HWMid-SummerSUITSRcady-to-Wear !It takes a good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection.Palm BeachesMohairs andKool KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer J outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30' Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL &Stetson Hats frManhattan ShirtsX. OF P. TO PUT ON LOCAL TA&4ENT MINSTRELS.Paris people are promised in thenot very distant future an entertainment of genuine merit, a home talentminstrel show, which is to he stag:edhere under the auspices of the local!lodge Knights of Pythias. The affairwill be under the personal directionof two of the best-known and best-qualified men for the purpose in theState, Gov. Bowen, of Winchester;and Prof. A. H. Morehead, of Lexington, formerly of Paris..The date of the performance hasnot yet been decided upon, and duenotice will be given through the columns of the local press. Prof. Morehead was in Paris recently Interview-ing members of the lodge in regard toputting on the show. When all tn&arrangements are completed he and.Mr. Bowen win come to Paris and begin the rehearsals. Everybodyknows what a good funmaker GovBowen is. He needs no introductionto the Paris public. Prof. Moreheadwill have charge of the musical endof the program, and will drill andrehearse the choruses, as well as dfrect the orchestra, which will be am;essential part of the performance.oRED CROSS HOME SERVICE OPEEACH AFTERNOON.All soldiers who receive only 3tper cent, per mile travel allowancewhen they were discharged, are entitled to an- additional 1 cent permile. If they were allowed mileageto the point of enlistment only,they are also entitled to 5c perrmile from that point to their actualplace of residence.Forms upon which to apply for additional travel allowance can be se-tcured at the office of the BourbomCounty Red Cross Home Service Section in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building.The office is open every afternooafbetween two and four, and very of tealonger hours; but since much of theSecretary's time is spent in invest!gation and social service work awayfrom the office, it is only betweenand 4 p. m. that callers' will he sureto find the doors open.oSAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ONBEACH SUITS.PALKiOur Palm Beaches are now readyYou know our prices are right. Putone on and saye from $3.00 to $5.00 ,L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.i-OSHAME ON YOU, JBC!A-n nxrintnr in the habit each.'morning of encircling his sweet-' ? ST h TJSi!ed when hls machin0 crasd J ttfground in her presence. He Is notthe only man who has fallen-for a,girl.VBLAKEMORENtttltton SImmDr. Hoos?s Cyshlm'9HMI ww """?sJLtf?vk r:- ,r21,j.JtII - - 4-- -IIIt'II KII "II "TIt -.- -f- 1 I7' -K"r f agi Twa tv.THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY:V.TUESDAY, JULY 1, liltA?SHE BOURBDN NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Cofttinuous PublicationNtikbed Every Tuesday and FridayPrTar . . $2.006 Months . . $1.00Payable In Adavance.JWUT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.'KBtered at the Paris, Kentucky,-"Peftoffice b Mail Matter of the''net GUu.).Aay erroneous reflection upon theMpmrtrr standing or reputation ofMfyrson,'-firm or corporation which.paoy appear in the columns of THJ9MURBON NEWS will he gladly corMtdif brought to attention of theCitor.ADVERTISING RATES.Display Advertisements, $1.00 periftbk' for first time; 50 cents per inchpachj subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineHack- issue; reading notices. in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.v,Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfcJjailAr, matter, 10 cents per line.'Special rates for large advertiseMats and yearly contracts.lJCh right of publisher la reseivedsw d,ecline any advertisement or othera3ateifor publication.Announcements for political officessuet invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Have You Seen Him;4. Did you ever meet the man whoufees-all his pleasing manners in thestore or office and reserves hisgrowls and snarls for the family atibme? So have we., W-e have been in his place of busviess when the phone rang. He tookfcwn the receiver, placed it to histr and in tones that would turn asi. n green with envy, said "Hell-o-c'with the rising inflection. Andwhen' he learned the party at theother end of the wire was "only hiswife", fee dropped an octave or twoxnd said, "Whadda ya want?" Ifthe intruder in an apologetic tone explained that he shqulL brjng homesome"' meat in order 'that she mightprepare' his dinner, he 'grunted andRanged the innocent receiver back inf pla'ce.And we can picture that fellow"when he carries heme the provisions for the table. He throws itA irr T-r rWHITEI Qpera HouseCM TAUQDAIDR. E. E. VIOLETTEThe Sunset Trail"A Big Paris Favorite.i Pinafore, Tuneful Light OperaoiS DR. J. S. MONTGOMERY"The Voice of the New!! Baldy Strong's Entertainers! Emily Waterman Concert Partyh Elizabeth Hunt, Red Cross NurseI Six Big Days and Six Big NightsiDunbar'sAI The SupremeFamed as a Concert Band, Vocal Chorus, Stunt Clubiad Singing Comedians. Seven years ofv -Ail PCjW"sidownas if Jb.eN really deserved a Jotof credit for the ;act. And if thesteak is not cooked jto suit his epi-1curean'tastertjfrowns. 1 TAfter the meal his twelve-centcigar is lighted and he grabs theevening paper, while the other halfclears the table, shakes the clothand washes and wipes the dishes:If, when she comes into the living room, she hands him a bill ofsome kind, he frowns and wonderswhy in the dickens a woman can'texercise a little economy and helights another twelve-center.We think that fellow ought to beforced to take that woman's placejust one day, at least. Let himstand over a range and fry buckwheat cakes and serve them to theothers "while they're hot." Let himsit down and eat a couple of coldones. Then after washing the dishes-he can sweep and dust. Then it willI be tfme to start on the noon meal.Dishes again. He jmay have time toshave and then clean up a little.Have we missed anything, ladies?Sure we have. But we have laid outenough to keep that grouch busy fora while.If he only knew how easy it is tosmile,.It Is life!We met her on Pleasant street oneof those clear, cool days a few weeksago. She was the picture of health,although she had changed in theyears that had passed since I hadlast seen her.Her rougish, brown eyes stilldanced and her face was unlined,but the years had laid the frost upon her- hair, which peeped in ringlets of white beneath the ratheryouthful hat.We knew her at once, for we hadbeen schoolmates. "And it is reallyyou?" we asked as we shook hands."Yes," she answered, "and I have.not walked the streets of Paris formany years. I had to come withinfifty jmiles of th.e old home town andI just felt that I must come back andsee the folks I knew when I was agirl. But, oh, how changed everything is. You who have lived heredo not realize it. I had been here anhour before I found scneone I hadknown. I passed many people on thestreet, but they were strangers. Iwondered if 'you realize how many ofmy old friends and yours, too, havetaken the long journey since I wentaway? For years I have read THEBOURBON NEYfS and dreamed ofthe day when I would came back. Ihave longed to walk the old familiarstreets once more. My wish hasbeen gratified and now I'm goingback. But oh, so sad and lonely.Few people remelnber me, and youhave all changed."Then .she passed on. Probably wenever shall see her again. And so itis in this ever-changing existence we& MYERS SYSTEMOne Week, CommencingFIRSTAFTERNOONChatauqua OpeningCarmeliny's Old Colonial BandCrack Italian Musicians in PopularConcertNIGHTCarmeliny's x BandC. W. WassamLecture: "The Secret Power."Age"FUNWhiteSinging BandChautauqua Attraction ForJOY NIGHT :' ,(call life. Many a prosperous manJias dreamed of the time 'when heshould go back and ;walk the villagestreets where he walked barefoot.At last he 'finds the time for the pilgrimage and when he arrives he findsthat .the old home town has forgottenhim. The streets are filled '"withstrangers; the old swijmming hole isdried up; the boys we knew arescattered and asleep -on the hilf.And this is what we call life andwhich many people take so very seriously. America Will ITot Forget.President Wilson in a statementpublished in Right About, the official publication Of Debarkation Hospital No. h, of Ne,w York' City, declared that America would not forget the sacrifices that Americansoldiers wounded in France had madeand that their wounds "are the noblest badges of honor any man lias everworn." The statement was sent tothe magazine jus after the President had delivered his opera houseaddress."I could tell you," he wrote, "whatthe sacrifices you have made havemeans to the world. I could tell youwhat history for airtime to cofme willsay of you and the sufferings youhave experienced on your great crusade. But these things other men willtell you."I prefer to remind you that thewounds you bear are the noblestbadges of honor any Ynan has everworn; that they exalt you to a supreme place in the minds and heartsof your countrymen and of all theworld. I prefer to assure you thatAmerica realizes that she has nomore solemn obligations, no morepatriotic duty than to express inpractical terms the gratitude thatevery American man, woman andchild feels for everyone of you.CULL THE SLACKER.The slacker in a pen of poultry canbe picked out. A simple method ofculling the farm flock will be demonstrated in over half of the counties inKentucky this summer and autumnby the poultry specialists of the Extension Division of the College ofAgriculture. The exact dates areJuly 14th to November 5th. Duringthis time four men will be visitingfarm flocks so that a neighborhoodgathering may understand how topick out the slacker hen. Aboutthree days will be spent in eachcounty and 6 demonstrations will beheld each day.oVacation time is swimming time.American Red Cross life-saving instruction in the schools and gymnasiums will reduce the number ofof deaths by drowning this summer.DAYMARIE VAN GASTELBelgian War Nurse"THE INVASION OF BELGIUM"Corneling's Old Colonial BandROBERT GOLDSMITH''The League of Nations"Dr. J. A. Gary, 'Out of Work'C. W. WASSAM"Theof High ClassHussarstranscontinentalT-THETEjDFfHEIUSN' ,Paris 'People Are Given Convincing" ' Proof. ?T""t'2HNo better test of any article can bemade than the test of time and thisis particularly true of a kidney medicine. Doan's Kidney Pills have stoodthis test, and stood it well. Whatbetter proof of the merits of this rem-;edy could you demand, than 'thestatement of a Paris resident whoused it successfully and tells of lasting results. "Read the following:Geo. McCandless, Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactivepand I had backaches. Doan's -Kidney Pills put ,a stop to all the troubles and they -gave me complete relief." (Statement given January 17,1912.) ' ' .NO. TROUBLE SINCEOver four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandlesssaid: "I haven't had any need -of akidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills'. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all. dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandless had. Foster-Mil-burn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)LostA gold bar pin, set with smallpearls and emeralds. Intrinsicallythis pin is of no great value, butmeans much to the owner on accountof being a present from a loved onenow gone. A suitable reward willbe given for its return to this office.WantedAntique Mahogany Furniture,Sideboard, Grandfather's Clock andDavenport. Call Cumberland Phone135, Paris. Ky. (27-2t)Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We -alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Win. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones, . Paris, Ky.99emm9MSecret Power"EntertainmentoooeeoeoeeoeeeeeooooeeeeeaattoiaaaapaaMeeeeeeet.mSeason Tickets Entitle the Owner to aVery Low Rate of Admission : -and are non-transferable except within the owner's immediate family. SeasonTickets are good for admission only when properly signed.If You Forget to Bring Your season Ticket "go to the cashier at the gate and buy a single admission for that session, and get areceipt for the price paid. At the next session bring your Season- Ticket, also thethe receipt, and the cashier will refund the money that you paid. The gatekeepercannot admit you, except by ticket. kThe Two Rows of Seats Nearest the Platformare reserved without extra charge for the old folks.Season Tickets Now On Sale?rices:.AduIts $2.20, Children $1.10,smOn Higglsl avenue, or on Walkers'avenue, an F. A. E. fraternity pin.Finder, please leave at this- office andreceive reward. (1-tf)NoticeAU parties indebted to mei willplease cq.ll and settle. Your accountis due and I need the cash tcr meetby obligations.(l-3t) J. ELVOVE.FoundMonday morning, on Hendersonstreet; , a handsome brooch pinOwner can "have l3ame by provingproperty and paying-,fqr- advertising;MRS, JOHN KISER;Cltf) . Home Phone 10.rLostPurple bag containing valuablejewelry, between Frankfort andGeorgetown, or Georgetown, and' Lexington. Return to Mrs. W. L. Petty,240 Hhodes avenue, Lexington, andreceive iliberal' reward.(273t)Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.TAXNOTICE!The office of the Tax Comrniissioner of Bourbon Countywill' be open July 1st to assessproperty. Under the law it isthe duty of all voters and property owners to call at our officein the Cour House and give mtheir Jists. Come in and complywith the law and save penalty.Do it now TO-DAY.WALTER CLARKE,Tax Commissioner..J. XREDMON,Deputy.june2T-tf) ,MM f w ' mSHH ' XMARIE VAN GASTEL, BELGIAN WAR NURSE.vjratMaster's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Fanniebelle Sutherland - Plaintiff.Vs. Notice of Sale. 'Arthur Stevens HutchcraftDefendantPursuant to judgment and, order of"sale, in the aDOve styled action In theBourbon Circuit Court,- made at itsI June, 1919, term, ,the undersignedMaster Commissioner will, onSaturday, July 19, '19,about 11 a. m., at the Court Housedoor, Paris, .Kentucky, expose topublic saleto the highest and bestbidder, a 'house and lot located onMain street, Paris, Kentucky, anddescribed as follows:Eots 15 and 16 on the west sideof Main street, in said City of Paris,Kentucky, fronting on Main street132 feet and 8 inches, and runningback the same width as in front214 feet, to High street, boundedin. front by Main street, in the rearby High street, on the S. W. by Lynnstreet, and on the N. E. by lot No.17 belonging to the widow Ingels(now the property of Mrs. RachelQuisenberry) and is the same property conveyed to Charles S. Hansonby Sidney Clay by deed recorded inDeed Book 54, page 232, office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court;less a parcel of land conveyed by firstparties to Mrs. Carrie Hanson Thomas, afterwards owned by Mrs. Sidney Clay and now owned by theCatholic School, fronting on Mainstreet 65 feet and running back thesame width to High street, and beingthe portion of above described land3adjacent to Lynn street.The property hereby conveyed isall of the above described lots Nos.15-and 16, after deducting the portion, thereof conveyed to the' saidCarrie Hanson Thomas, afterwardsowned by Mrs. Sidney Clay and nowowned by the Catholic School. Theremainder consists of a lot about 67feet and 8 inches fronting on Mainstreet and extending back the samewidth;, to High street about 214jfeetj adjoining the home place ofMis. Rachel Quisenberry on thenorth side, and the home of Mrs.May Stoner Clay (now CatholicSchool) on the South, and havingthereon a two-story brick dwellinghouse and other improvements. "TERMS Said property will besold' upon credits of six and twelvemonth's for equal parts of the purchase money, the purchaser to execute bonds with good surety to beapproved by the Master.O. T. BHNTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.ML P. Kenney, Auctioneer.war tax included:i5$sxsS-'Afi'iJ.JVrM..,XA-'4eeteetteteeeeeeteeeewtteteMietti8eiteeeeeeteeeei(iiifS. mSfs- - " -V i-w V, .r" '" if, TUESDAY, -JTJLY 1, 191S.THE, BOUBBOH HKWS PARIS. XEKTVCETffftfiCB,tli - " iVtSOCIAL AND PERSONAL. 1Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and'Elsewhere. "7 : "'HOT WATERAT TOE TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen ths fauet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing-among iall modern household conveniences.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Skillman aregues,ts of friends in Covington.Mrs. William Cooper and children are guests of relatives in Har-rodsburg.h afaJftiyRicJiBBBBBBBBBBBBBiM It's in every can! And it's by no means "a Iscrap oi paper. ror it means just wnax ix saysand you've only to take it to your dealer to.k prove it. Here's what you'll find: rf '-. . .,"Dealers are authorized to refund your moneyif for any reason you are not satisfied with this can """of City&fab, We guarantee City Club absolutely." ,ThaVs hcrw yre sell City Club. And ve couldn't beso positive piout it if e didn't know that City Club -wouldmeasure up in every way to every smoker s desire. Yourmoney back if it doesn't please you. Put that in your pipeand smoke it! ,Your Dealer Has ItlbcurfrJfGROWERS b MANUFACTURERS OF OTT CLUjLOUUVlllKi IKENTUCKYVPAEIS SOLDIER, IN TBOPICS,BBEAZS INTO POETRY'anchor of the Marine Corps. Theirnajmes did -not adorn the front pagesof the daily papers from New York0NKVC.iTin;on-. Tii'i thov ware infafTTTTT! "WTT'.WQ hnc rAHATllv rPfifivfd i . .. xi "- j. 12 ti iUA.U..U o.-.... ;as orave as inose sterling -ienuw&the following letter from Private ( wjjo carried fear into the hearts ofBobert Burnett, formerly of Paris the Hun. They are the tropiealwho is doing duty in the service of hercfes, the lads whose lot J.t was tothe United States in the tropin go down into the fastnesses of 4he:;, -d,, on,roc voTif tn his nuie lsianas or me west muie&,JXiTfcti JLU-il.v t3w xw -wfeelings as follows:"El Salto, D. R., June 10."Editor THE NEWS, Paris, Ky.and there light a black foe in aXmostceasless guerilla warfare. I, who amstationed at El Salto with the Marines, have written a poem wnicn isBILLS CARRIED TO WILSON TOSIGN IN MID-OCEAN."I am writing to ask you to please jtlle best eui0gy of .the heroic ladsprint this letter in your paper for me,as I am down here in tms ieiinoie,and. I want the people of my town toknow that overseas hoys are not theonly ones that deserves credit."Many men in. the Marine Corpswarp fortunate enouerh to he sentoverseas to meet the onrushing Hun. 2ows:mat wiey nouiy um men u-ni-j ..held up the grand and glorious traditions of the Marine Corps, wasproven by the news stories from theflaming battlegrounds of Europe.Their names were heralded in songOrtfh fnns.t to coast. They werei"But there are other heroes, and Under crackling machine gun fire,they, too, wear the eagle, globe and How the sailors sank tne u-DoatsAnd trapped roe miaeb m wuc,who although their hearts werebreaking with disappointment .because of their failure to "be sent overseast went to the tropics, and there,with a smile on 'their face bravelyfaced the danger and did their dutyto their flag. The poem is as 101-"They praise the soldiers in thetrenchesAnd in Flanders' muddy graves,The sailors of the North 'Sea ,And the Channel's icy wave, .. .How they charged across No Man'sLandPresident Wilson signed the railroad appropriation bill,- the 'Indianbill, soj2ie"minor measures and"otherdocuments whech needed signatureto become a law before July 1, inmid-ocean at 8 a. m., Greenwichtime, Monday.It was the first time that a chiefexecutive of the United States hadaffixed his signature to appropriations bills at sea,, or indeed awayfrom continental United States.A pouch containing the bills wasdispatched on the eastbound transport Great Northern from New Yorkon June 24. The Great Northernjmet the George Washington, bearingthe President homeward. The Important papers were sent on thePresident's ship, signed, and a wireless was sent to the White Houseannouncing that the bills had become a law.TAnTfntoflXlv the President was onntiericah' territory when he signedthe measures.S01CE li&URES, THESE.HOW THISNERVOUS WOMANGOTWELLTold by Herself. Her Sincerity Should Convince Others.r-sU-ha ill "For four yean Ioffered from irregularities, weaknew.nervoune,was m a run downcondition., Twqqioarbest doctorafailed to "do me anynrA. T heard, soaktfb - about ;watSSaKPini&attiVVegetable compound had done forothers, I tried itand was cured. Iam no longer nervous, am regular,o n A in excellentauu ...bealtfa. I believe the Cprnpouna wmcur:any female trouble." Mrs. AUHeller, Christopher, I1LNervousness is often a symptom orweakness or some functional derangementi which may be overcome by thisfamous root and herb remedy, kyaiaE. JBkikham's Vegetable Compound, asthousands of women have-found byC IfcsTOplicationsxist, write LydiaE., PiattamMedidneCo., Lynn, Mass., forjiujjolitions in regard toujour ailmtntTaVKilt of it jpeg experience ws ysr serviee. ,-J aI SKB llllII HKy''1jBmfMi 1 1 ifII fPlr-HJinlllBut we've soldiers in the tropics,As silent as the stones,Who are guarding our possessionsWithout a murjmur or a groan.We have sailors who are scouringEvery tropic-sea and waveBattling loneliness and typhoidOur islands must be saved.But we're forgotten in the dispatches, And the colored weekly newsNever speaks of tropical heroes,So they always have the blues.When you shudder as you thinkOf our boys across the sea,Dying in the trenches and the waveThat they may make men free,Just remember in the tropicsTiio nrft fellows iust as' braveFighting all the hell of the tropicsTheir country's cause to save."PRIVATE ROBERT BURNETT,"1050 Fifteenth-Regt., -"2d Provisional Brigade, U. S. M. U"San Pedro de Macoris, D. R."Down in Washington some of thoseexperts who are masters of figuresand who have a mind attuned to statistics, frequently dig up some queerthings. One of this type has figuredout that the total 'wealth of theUnited States is $20,000,000,000.Then he figures out the new wealthproduced annually, which he terms"net income." This gets into dizzyfigures, too. He estimates that lastyear the national wealth increasedsojme $18,000.,000,000, which he admits is coins: faster than the normal.Another Washington official pointsout that one of the best ways to conserve this national incdme in wealthis for individuals to buy War Savings Stamps.Mrs. James Cummins and MissAnnie Cummins are visiting friendsin Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. Mary Calnan is at homefropi an extended visit to relativesin Cincinnati.Mrs. J. A. Brannock is visitingher toiother, Mrs. Ada Catlett, inPrinceton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Butler havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Crawford, in Midway.Miss Mary Mulfinger, of Richmond, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. C.L. Mulfinger, on Winchester street.Mrs. F. S. Elder, who was operated on at the Massie MemorialHospital some time ago, is gettingalong very nicely.Mr. Reginald Mattox, of Florida, just returned from overseas, wasa recent guest of his aunt, Mrs. J.W. James, and family.Rev. G-. R. Combs, Mrs. Combsand children, are in Columbus, O.,to attend the Centenary meeting ofthe Methodist church.Miss Vernita Baldwin has returned from school at RandolphMacon College, in Lynchburg, Va.,to spend the sulmmer vacation here.Mrs. Bettie Bedford has asguests at her home in this city MissMargaret Frazier, of Louisville, andMr. Silas Evans Oldham, of KansasCity.Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howard, ofParis, and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Howard, Jr., of Carlisle, will leave thisweek for an automobile trip to Wisconsin. Misses Tcjmmie Miller and Frances Rowland, daughters of Mr. andMrs. Allie Rowland, are confined totheir home on Higgins avenue -withmeasles.Mr. O. W. Long, who has beenattending Williams College, at Wil-liamstown, Mass., is a guest of hissister, Mrs. 0, H, Colliver, on SouthMain street.Mrs. M. J. Thornton and son,Donald, have returned to their homein Chicago, after a visit to Mrs.Denis Dundon and Mrs. John Connell,in this city.Mr. W. H. McVey, of Hanley,West Virginia, who has just returned from a years's service overseas,is a guest of his cousin, Mrs. J.Frank Trisler.Misses Elizabeth Dean, MaryCalnan and Julia Calnan are members of a house party being entertained by Miss Josie Maher, in Avondale, Cincinnati.Miss Jessie Rose, bookkeeper andassistant secretary at the Y. M. C.A., is spending a two-weeks' vacationwith friends and relatives at Poin-dexter, in Harrison county.Mrs. Josephine Alexander andriss and little son have returned tokheir home in Chicago, after a visitto Mrs. Lucy Alexander Anderson,and other relatives in this city.Miss Anna Louise White andMr. Louis Turner, of Pans, weremember of a house party entertameain Maysville by Misses Mary Kehoeand Annabelle Hall, at the Kehoe'homf. , ,Mrs. Harry H. nancouK. aimdaughter, Miss Virginia Hancock,have returned-from Columbus, Ohio,where they attended the opening exercises of the Methodist Church Centenary. , .Miss Martha Stevenson, of Paris,attended the wedding of Miss CarrollPower Edwards, of Maysville, andMr Charles Brice Emjmons, of Flem-iTcVmrP-which took place in Maysville, Monday afternoon, at fiveo'clock.Ttfias Tiimlte Cavwood. is entertaining a house party at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry S.Caywood, near North Middletown,composed of Misses Elizabeth Prewitt, Mary Young, Evelyn Prewitt andMary Anderson. .Mr. Elbert Rose, who was injured recently in an automobile accident near Georgetown, and who hassince been in a Georgetown hospital,has recovered sufficiently to leturnto his home in this city.Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Evans, ofRussellville, who are touring theBluegrass region, were visitors intj TTCTA-nacAa-v Mr. "Evans, whoX-itXia, vvcuuwuj. - -is editor and one ot tne propriety aof The xNews-Democrat published atRussellville, was a calle at THENEWS office.Mr I J. Stuart Wallingford, Jr.,has gone to Clintonville, Wisconsin,where he has accepted a positionwith the Four Wheel Drive TruckCompany. Mr. Wallingford recentlygraduated frqm the College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineeringat the University of Kentucky.Heats the fresh water as it runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startsji tne heater hot water Hows until the'QfmflfMym faucet is closed. That stops expense.' . d Tt ti nHJMPHKEAu?fiAQ WATFP HF ATPP bout one cent fr ten gallons paysMHO fTMl LR ntHI CEl for this remarkable service.TVi0we lt to your fam''y and yourself to investigate this won-derful Automatic Water Heater. Let us show it to you.k lffiJwFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERGEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'A'I When You're TirM ff.41ana neea tne invisoratioi or a weltflavored,full-bodied1 not cup,.i .1tneres notninto1 ssmfSSlSfcg superior.w-7 -It.4&rbVCerealDelicious and healthful,it supports and cheerswith its refreshing goodness, and it is an economical table drink aswell.-. .v.iN' At Grocers'Two sizes, usually ss?! at I5cand 25c&4ttG&$iQOG44Ge$$,WAS AWAKENS FARMERS.xtttt -vrflr r.nm ttvptcI al . ")Ki.rj g" . .TRThat'is-at least evaaeni -tippreset time is'that'the Trar has ajfcelerateFffie business evputioargffarming," and iti reasonabHto"6$tiLe'africultural -populations of tncountry estimatea; '-M Ji?8r0?jgiving tnougnc to xne 'iaxsf use.business nietnods as a means of preserving their present prosperity. Itis to be hoped that, individually andthrough their organizations, they arerr-ni-na- iAir nlans not only to theidpa of nroflts. but to. that of meeting a responsibility ,as purveyors to jacontinually hungry-world.LEMON JUICE. FOR FRECKLESGirls! Make beauty lotion tora few centsTry It!,v. aT'if ' . --,'r- --'--.-- '- 'tSqueeze the J&jit two illfeTonl'-3 have a quart8nt of ,jthe best"freckle and tairlbiion, -ad coin-small cost. , i n -l ' Yofc1'! tH!e demons andany aroiKstoe.bf"?tbilet counterwill sWppTy "trnfee "dunces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into" the'face, neck, arms and hands -each dayand see. how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white .the skin becomes. Yes!"It'' is Harmless and never irritates.V (apfi8-tf-E)Miss Elizabeth Sinms, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Simms,of Spring Station, who was a recentguest of her aunt, Miss .Lucy bimms,in this city, will leave soon for acamp in Michigan, as the rest of thefamily go to Wequetonsing for a" stayat their sujmmer cottage.Miss Martha Talbott, of thiscity, was a member of a house partyentertained this week in Louisvilleby 4 Miss Elizabeth Pilcher. Mrs. WHliaVi E. Pilcher gave a dance in theirhonor Tuesday. The- guests were-Misses MargaretCook, of Lancaster;kta nrnisr JCfelloir. 'of ...Richmondjftfama Talbott, ?M&J MfcrtbUSfWBser, of CtKianaEirza1beth-Yani Nt&Zr' nf: i Winchester; an'd JosieFaulkner, of Hillsboro, Ohio., ,T- - "-Mrs. White Vardenandr daughfter; Miss Mildred, and Mrs; Oscr,-T.Binton, left Wednesday ?lor Sanderstown, Rhode .Island, .where theywill remain the restof the summed.Mrs. Varden and daughter will be'guests of Gen. and Mrs. HenryWhitehead, who are members of thesummer colony there. Mrs. intonwill occupy a bungalow for th'e summer.-Sanderstown is an . attractive"sujtanier resorts and is extensivelypatronized.nTiai TAru-knla ftn Pl.M f" "SiThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Day vLetus analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent,a!waysxon duty? day of night. "ffiHE7J."rllllac.'He will instantly present to you thegrocer, butcher, bjfcKer jte ky Cthe tradesfolks, or the doctor, fire department or poUct' qj -He will go far beyond the confln es of the town aad brine to you imamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers. gMiii.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a fewuuus.Anitas to walhewm joiayebst you in residence from 4 to ciday; iif lace of milsimaMi from. 1 to 12c per day. ' pParis Home Tekiibor & TelegrallContfwiny(Incorpbntted)7. J. Veatch, District Muuger. W. H. Cannon, LocalThe News Job Department hi iMwyfcg."There's a Reason." Work Done KhrhtL"xJstP1GE WOEvxmTHE B0TJBB01T HEWS, AJU, AMTUCMH '-r7nT tFBJDAY, JULY 4, 1S19.Ul BOURBON NEWSErtablished 1881-37 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWTJET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.pteUred at the Paris, Kentucky,Foctoffice as Mail .ilatter of theSoond 'CIjisb.)'j ANNOUNCEMENT." ' FOR REPRESENTATIVE(fife are authorized to announceJAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate .for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourhoh County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Demo-,cratic voters in the primary election,In August, 1919.We are authorized to announce N.A. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nopiination for"Representative from Bourbon Countyin the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature.FOR CITY COUNCILMANFirst WardWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. MORELAND as a candidate for Councilman from the FirstWard, in the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We are authorized to announceN. FORD BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky.f subject to actionof the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J. WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceTHOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.Second WardWe are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman in. the Second Wardof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceHUGH BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Third Ward.We are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE as a candidate forCouncilman in the Third Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.iUTMnnMkfVfllMiVWhy Not LetA VTAX ASSESSMENT TOR 1920 ARENOW BEING TAKEN.The tax assessments for 1920 arenow being taken at the office of TaxCommissioner Walter Clarke, and thenew law requires that the taxpayersgo to the Comfmissioner's office instead of waiting at their homes forthe call of the official.All persons owning real estate andpersonal property are required tomake out a list at a fair cash value,as of July 1. All bonds are subjectto taxation, except those issued bythe county, city, State and Government, and stocks of all kinds, except those in corporations payingone-fourth or more of their taxes inKentucky.Persons owning automobiles willhave their names referred to the backtax collector if they do not listthem, as the office has been furnished a complete list of all the automobiles bought and owned by the citizens of the county. Owners of dogsare also required to list them. It isexpected that the books for this yearwill show jmore transfers than havebeen recorded for many years, andthat property has been sold and resold so often that it will be difficultto place it unless the owners come tothe office in the court house.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WDDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.o -HAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)I. 0. 0. F. ELECTS OFFICERSThe following officers, to serveuntil January 1, 1920, were electedat a pneting of Bourbon Lodge No.26, I. O. O. F.:Noble Grand Jan Splits.Vice-Grand Archie Bedford.Financial Secretary A. Lr. Burley.Secretary W. A. Lail.Treasurer Homer D. Shy.Host John Chisholm.The following committees were apointed: Widows and Orphans L. M. Vanhook, S. W. Shively, S. L. Ewalt;Finance James Templin, Wm. Chisholm, John Doty; Hall CommitteeE. B. January, Wm. Chisholpi, Jas.Tefciplin; Relief Committe JanSmits, Archie Bedford, Wm. Lail.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.AnnouncementREDUCTION IN PRICE ON FORDSON TRACTORS$780 Delivered Here!ASK ANYWHATJ.X. KENNEYJULIAN FRANKFRANK COLLINSCHAS. HOPKINSJOE HOPKINSGEO. WILLIAMS CLAYC. C. HADDENED PRITCHARDROSCOE CARMICHAELJOHN ROSEBERRYJ. W. BELLBBBBBBBBBBBBB. BYBYBYbV " BYBYBifl ,BBBBBBBBh. .w BBBBI BBBBBBBWbYbYbYbYbY1 ..BVbbbbVb ftUF BbBB BbBI BbBB bWbb V bWbWJ BBBM nK HBBBBBBBr BBH BBfl BBJ BBI BBH BBHBHil vBBBBBBIBw. BlBBBM BBBI BBBJ BBJ BBBBBfl BBj BBBBBJ BBBV BVBv' bVbVbVbbH H V kBBH'BBBBBBBBl BBBBBBBM BBbT ELet OurCOUNTY SCHOOTJS SECURE HELPFROM FISCAL COURT.The budget which was subpnittedto the Fiscal Court by Supt. Caywood, asking that they allow an additional levy of 5c on the $100 forscnool purposes tor t-ne coming schoolyear yesterday, was accepted as follows: To substitute teachers' -salaries,$17,810.County Supervisor's expense,?1,200.Coal, kindling and delivery ofsame, $2,500.City School tuition, for county pupils, $1,500.School fence, buildings, etc., repair, $1,500.Floor oil and equipment, $1,000.County Board expense, $300.Insurance, $100.Total of $26,000.This will not be fully collected intaxes at the rate of 15c on the $100,but will come in a $1,000, or at leastfigures $3,000, of the amount of theestimate.BUY SEASON TICKETS NOW.Don't put off buying your Chautauqua season tickets. Buy now.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)BANK'S INDEBTEDNESS SETTLEDAbout three years ago the FirstNational Bank of Paris mailed letters to its stockholders notifyingthem that the profits of the instiution would be applied to liquidating the debt for construction of thebank's new hopne at the corner ofMain and Fourth streets.The stockholders have received another notice from the bank officialsnotifying them that the debt hadbeen paid in full, and enclosingchecks for a quarterly dividend ofthree per cent. This is considereda remarkable showing.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoREMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY. 'Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.DOMESTIC INFELICITY.Charging cruel and inhumantreatment, Mrs. Rosie McKee filed apetition in the Franklin CircuitCourt, at Frankfort, Wednesday, fordivorce against her husband, Wm.McKee, a resident of Bourbon county.They were married in Fayette countyin 1914, and separated in 1915.OF THE FOLLOWINGA FORSON HASAYLETTE BUCKNERCLARENCE LEBUSGEO. WYATTGEO. WATKINSGEO. REYNOLDSSTROTHER BANTADAVE PATTONJAS. CALDWELLJAS. TARR JEFFERSONBROOKS CLAYTOM DRENNANUs Increase YourTractor Man DemonstratevtJULY 11thBIG AUCTION17Andrew Carnegie said "OWN A SPOT OF GROUND SOMEWHERE." If Mr. Carnegie were alive today he would say "OWN A LOT IN BEAUTIFUL FAIRVIEW."These lots are just the right distance from the business section, yet not too far forconvenience. They are as wide as you want them and nearly 300 feet deep. Paris hasonly two directions toward which it can grow, and FAIRVIEW is a continuation of one ofthem. IHousing conditions in Paris are such as would insure an immediate sale of a house onevery one of these lots at'a big profit. Think it over, Mr. Investor.Come out and make your selection before sale day and then be there on the ELEVENTHremember, THE ELEVENTH ready to bid, for these lots go for the high dollar absolutely without reserve.Arrangements are being made to entertain a large crowd. There will be musicby theFamous Bardstown Jazz BandWE WILL ALSO OIVE AWAY ABSOLUTELYmYOURS FOR A GREATER PARISWAKEFIELD-DAVIS REALTY CODONE ON HISJ. MILLER WARDDARWIN FISHERKING GRIFFITHJACK CUNNINGHAMCHAS. TABERECK RAMELJACK WILLIAMSONJULIAN ROGERSCATESBY WOODFORD,XALAPA FARMBRUTUS CLAYt4 rIS THE DATE OE THEOFFINE BUILDING LOTS-IN BEAUTIFULFAIRVIEWOne Lot Valuedat $750.00and $25 in GoldFARMERSFARMJr.McINTYRE & WAGONERBOB HOPKINSCAPT. JAS. ROGERSED CLARKU. G. SAUNDERSALFRED CLAYTHOS. SLEDDWM. CAINTHOS. H. CLAY, St.TOM HELM CLAY" w MBKmBmi. . ; - r-r JSALE17m; JWWiiftftffffjpTBjiB!Efficiency?!. d1itvrFRIDAY", JULY 4, 1919.TH$ BOUEBOH M1WS, TASJS XEHTBGE? 7"PAGEHVX "?tr- - -NfOR THE 8ESTNOTHING ELSEBUY SEASON TICKETS NOW. .Don't put off buying your Chautauqua season tickets Buy to-day.oOKDER YOUE BLACKBERRIESGive us your blackberry orderbow. Don't wait until too late.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oTENNIS COURTS OPEN.The tennis courts of the local Y.M. C. A. were opened to the publicfor play Wednesday, for the firsttime this season. A number of improvements have been made, and thecourts are now in excellent shape.oB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsCHAUTAUQUA PROGAM,Illustrated folder programs for theChautauqua, which begins in Paris,on July 8, can be obtained at thisoffice, or at any the places wherereason tickets are an sale. The folders give a complete list of the attractions, and the program for each day.oBELIEF EOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail with" VERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf) ' ' "'ADMINISTRATORS APPOINTED.In the County Court, CountyJudge George Betterton appointedJohn Wells, of near Carlisle, and A.B. Lovell, of Paris, as administratorsof tbe estate of Mrs. Katherine Wells,who died at her home near Jackstown, about three weeks ago. Thepersonal property will be sold to-morrowand the farm of 285 acres willbe sold early in tbe coming fall,oGOVL BLACK TO SPEAK IN PARISTO-MORROW.Mr. Joe C. VanMeter, of Lexington,was here Wednesday, malting arrangements for the public speakingat the court house to-morrow, byGov. Black. Gov. Black will addressthe voters of the county at threeo'clock.Judge John D. Carroll will addressthe voters at the court house on Monday (Court Day) at 1:30 o'clock inthe interest of his candidacy for t4ieDemocratic nomination for Governor.NOTICE TO GAS AND ELECTRICCONSUMERS.Pay your gas and electric bills now.The 10th of the month is the lastday discouts will be allowed andchecks, mailed in payment of billspnust be in postoffice not later thanlOtb to secure discount. To avoiderrors and save time, kindly bringyour bill with yo.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(4-2t) (Incorporated)oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)r.SIGHT RETURNS TO BE RECEIVED AT OPERA HOUSEArrangements have been perfectedfor receiving returns from, the Wil-lard-Dempseyfight, which is to takeplace at Toledo, Ohio, this afternoon.The bulletins will be received hereon the stage at the Paris Grand OperaHouse, by experts over a direct wirefrom the ringside at Toledo, byrounds every detail being given.The doors will be open at 1:00 p.m. The admissipn will be twentyfive cents to all parts of the house,plus three cents war tax. The gallery will be reserved for colored people. WAKEHELD DAVIS REALTY CO.TO PUT ON BIG LOT SALE.An old man living a long distancefroma railroad in Florida until recently had never seen a train. Afriend took him to nearest railroadstation, where they waited until theJacksonville Express came thundering in and stopped to unload its passengers. The old man looked themonster ovw in wonderment and exclaimed, "They'll never start er."Directly the old iron horse "puffedaway, disappearing aowu cue n.v...The old fellow looked until the tramhad entirely faded fropi view, andthen fairly shouted, "They'll nevers-top 'er."You will be just like that oldman's idea of the departing train if3ou will attend the big lot sale inPairview Addition to Paris next Friday, the 11th, at 9:30 a. m.The lots are so well located, the-and so rich, you will bid and biddntil you will get a sufficient number of lots to make the home siteyou have been wanting. Rememberwe turn the whole addition over tothe auctioneer at 9:30 Friday morning and then you and him for it.Yours.foV,Greater paxis.WAKEFIEED-DAVIS REALTY CO.(4-lt)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.vomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TMiss Virginia Board of Winchester, is, a guest of friends in this city.Dr. Robert Richardson was a recent guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. Wm. B. Ardery, near Paris.Miss Ella Loomis has returned toCynthiana, after a visit of severaldays to Mrs. John H. Moran, onPleasant street.Mrs. Percy Reid, of Richmond, isa guest of her mother, Mrs. Mary A.Paton, and her brother, CountyClerk Pearce Paton, and family.Mrs. Frank G. Snyder has returned to her home in Louisville, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. ClarkBarnett, on Houston avenue, in thiscity, i 'Misses Mattie and Laura Lilieston have returned from Columbus,Ohio, where they attended the opening exercises of the Methodist Centenray. Mr. and Mrs. James Chappellhave returned to their home , nearTaylorsville, in Spencer county, after a visit to friends and relatives inthis city and county.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry,accompanied by Capt. Robert Harbeson, Miss Mary Dan Harbeson andMrs. Drennon, left yesterday for astay at Park Lake, in Flepiingcounty.Mr. Robert Rose, of the Parispostoffice clerical force, has returnedfrom a two-weeks' vacation, spentwith friends and relatives in Harrison county, and is again on duty inthe local office.Miss Jeannetta Scott, of Washington, D. C, who has been a guestof relatives in this city, has gone toIndiana to visit relatives and friendsbefore returning to her home in theCapital City.With the coming of July comesthe mid-sujmmer heat, and a correspondingly dull time in society. Noone cares much for the usual exertions incidental to social functions,and to keep cool is the main idea.Lieut, Earl Curtis and Mrs.Curtis, who have been guests of theformer's father, Mr, Henry C. Curtis,for several days, left Wednesday forFt Worth, Texas, where they willreside in the future.Mrs. Carrie Rogers Davis anddaughter, Miss Margaret Davis, areguests of Mrs. Lou Palmer and Mrs.J. J. McClintock, on Duncan avenue,prior to their, departure for San Antonio, Texas, to visit their son andbrother, Lieut. Bryan L. Davis.Mrs. W. R. McComas, of Cincinnati, who has been visiting Mr. andMrs. W. T. Talbott, left Wednesdayto visit her nephew, Dr. Wm. H. Kelley, in. Newport, At the conclusionof her visit there she will go to LakeGeorge, New York, to spend the summer. Two parties were given by Mrs.Charles Hall Ferguson in her handsome home on South Broadway, inGeorgetown, last week. Mrs. VolneyFerguson, of Paris, was winner ofone of the prizes, handsome pieces oflingerie. Among the guests wereMrs. Vplney Ferguson, Mrs. Wm.Kenney Ferguson, and Mrs. J. H.Thompson, of Paris.Among those from Paris who areattending the Methodist Centenary atColumbus, Ohio, are Mrs. A. T. Forsythe, Misses Alice and Lula Ford,Mrs. M. E. McCurdy, Rev. and Mrs.G. R. Combs, Mr. and Mrs.. Chas. P.Mann, Mrs. Howard B. Carr, S, T.Chipley, Mrs. Henry A. Power, MissSara Power, Miss Frances Hancock,Mrs. George Ellis, Miss Louie Bruer.During the absence of Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn, who has goneto his old home in Belgium, to visitrelatives, Rev. Daniel Ferdick, of Cincinnati, will officiate at the servicesto be held at the Church of the Annuciation,, in this city. Father Ferdick is a mepnber of the FrancescanOrder of priests, and is a teacher oftheology in Cincinnati, spending hisvacation, in Lexington,After an absence of over twenty-two years, during which time hehas made his home in Texas, Mr. Geo.Pryor, a former resident of thiscity, arrived here Wednesday to revisit the scenes of his youth. Mr.Pryor is now in charge of a largedepartment store, located aboutthirty-six miles south-east of Dallas,Texas, where his brother, Mr. J. T.Pryor, is located. The latter is stillin the newspaper gajme, and has agood position in Dallas. Mr. Pryornotes many changes in Paris, butsays for the faiost part there aremany familiar scenes and faces leftto remind him of the old days. Hewill be a guest of friends and relatives in this vicinity for several days.The following announcementsand at httme cards have been receivedin Paris by friends and relatives ofthe bride and groom:"Mr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neill announce the marriage of their daughter Clara Belle, to Mr. MartinClarke White, on Saturday, Junetwenty-eighth, nineteen hundred andnineteen, Philadelphia." "At Home,106 West Seventy-fourth Street,New York City."Mr. and Mrs. White were formerresidents of this city, and both verypoular here. Their numerousfriends extend best wishes for a longand prosperous wedded life.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell hasreturned from a visit to her sisters,Mrs. Lee Barbour and Miss MabelHill, at St. Matthews, near .Louisville.Misses Louise and Willa Redmonwere hostess Tuesday evening at aninformal party in honor of Mr. HarryMoore, Wichita, Kansas. Refreshments consisting of brick cream, individual cakes and mints were served Those who enjoyed the aehghtfui occasion were:' Misses Patsyriark Martha Stevenson, AgnesTurner, Cordie Stephenson, Elizabeth Tarr, Mary Allen Hutchcraft,Valletta McClintock, MarfJJrelJGriffith, Frances Kenney, SarahStephenson, Anna Mae Young;Messrs. Harry Moore, Russell Clayton. Clay Gaitskill, Hiram Adair,Claude, Redpnon, Jr., Eugene Lair,J Robert Turner, tteorge www.'(exSgton), Raymond Turner,Ralph Becraft, Reid Bishop and William Boswell, (Cynthiana.)Mr. W. H. H. Johnson continuesquite 'ill at his home on Mt. Airyavenue. , wMiss' Lillie- Daniel, of Lexington is spending her vacation withMrs. Lena Q. Parker, on South Mainstreet.Mr. Ben L. Shropshire, formerlyof Paris, now a resident of Louisville,was here this week in the interest ofthe Kentucky State Fair, to be heldin Louisville. Mr. Shropshire saysthis year's fair will be the greatestever held in the State.Mrs. Ben Skillman, of Birmingham, Alabama, is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, where she is under medicaltreatment. Miss Mary Wagner, ofCynthiana, who was operated on forappendicitis at the institution sometime ago, has returned to her home.Miss Janie Marsh is reported asgetting along very nicely. Miss EdnaFisher, of Ruddles Mills, wasbrought to the hospital Wednesdayfor an operation.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oDELIVERY TRUCK ON FIRE CALLSOUT DEPARTMENTWhile making deliveries to purchasers on Maysville street, Tuesdayafternoon, a Ford truck belongingto the Merchants' Delivery Co.caught fire from leaking gasoline,presumably. An alarm was sent infrom Box 17, on Duncan avenue.The department responded, and extinguished the blaze, which didabout $25 damage to the truck's motor. Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Miss Belle Mitchell, deceased, will please present themproperly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Administrator.All persons indebted to the estateof the decased are requested to calland settle.DR. J. T. VANSANT,Administrator Miss Belle Mitchell.(4-St)Ford For SaleFord Sedan,, as good as new, electric starter, new tires with demountable wheels.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Franklin Touring CarFranklin Touring Car, just repainted and overhauled, new cordtires; a bargain for one who wants anice car.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Touring Car For SaleSmall, five-passenger, electriclights, self-starter, demountable rims.A bargain for one who wants something better than a Ford.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL,(4-6t)Lost KnifeSomewhere on streets of Paris, mypocket knife has been lost. Same isdecorated with emblems of the ShrineLodge on both sides and was prizeuas a keepsake. Finder return to undersigned and receive reward.(2t) SWIFT CHAMP.Important Notice!Consideration of the contemplatedextensions and improvements in ourservice, which we have in mind hasresulted in a slight delay in gettingout our July bills.In order that we may be enabledto carry through these plans with allpossible dispatch it is necessary thatour customers for their part giveprompt attention to the payment oftheir accounts, which will be rendered within a few days.We wish particularly to call attention to delinquent accounts,which we hardly feel justified incarrying further.It is our firm belief that with theco-operation of the public we can develop a service which will be a decided improvement over that whichwe have heretofore been able to furnish. PARIS WATER COMPANY,Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.(4-2t)Attention !Autoists!Give in your automobiles for taxation now and save penalty. We"have a complete list of all autoowners in Bourbon County, so nonewill get away. The law requires youto come to our office and give in yourlists. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Comanissioner.J. J. REDMON Deputy.(4-4t) ; aHARRY SIMON'SDRESSESFor Every Summer Need.VWhether you are planning a trip or expect to stay intown, this showing of beautf ul dresses will interest you.And the prices are very alluring when quality and cutare considered.Georgette Crepein white and colors, daintily embroidered and beaded, showingall the newest touches. Ideal for afternoon and evening wear. '.Evening Gowns y :in Taffeta and Tulle- all shades.Street and Traveling Dressesof Taffeta, the most practical and stylish of costumes,. Also thenew Tricolette Sport Suits.Voiles and Organdiesin all the wanted color combinationns cool summer dresses thatare indispensable.Prices Range fromHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.whwmumiI THE d. T. HINTON CO. : Ei ' ' has the most complete stock m B3 ' IS ' from which to get your 5I I Furniture, Rugs, Linoleums, R4 - , f Phongraphs and Wall Paper S B1 - v and that they save you 5 BEl 3 '1 I money. She will tell you' ' H1 some more next issue. Bii v ' s , ' ' vTHE J. T. HINTON CO.II MOTOR HEARSE- MOTOR INVALID COACH -UNDERTAKING 1J "EITHERPHONE" 36 . SIXTH AND MAIN STS.BfWBM j HISmmmmmmikCm'Vv B)V ' QAMrs. "HomeloVer says!.$15.00ftit-tH'Vi f M1!Si ; Tuesday; july a, ins.THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PARIS, KENTTICn)r JAGE SETT"-rsSAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFTor 200 years GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil has enabled suffering humanity towithstand attacks of kidney, liver.Madder and stomach troubles and alldiseases connected with the urinaryorgans and to build up and restore tohealth organs weakened by disease.These most important organs must bewatched, because they filter and purifythe "blood; unless they do their vrprK.you are doomed."Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouiBle, pains In the loins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoH warn you of trouble with your kidneys. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are the remedy you need. Takithree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells and lining olthe kidneys and drives out the poisonsNew life and health will surely followWhen your normal vigor has been restored continue treatment for a whilfto keep yourself In condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are incapable offighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.$MILLERSBURGp.VVZllVlVVZVVV!lVVKlfilKVaaCOMMERCEwrrk theLPPINES.PHIL-M.r Kalaw, Secretary of thePhilippine lesson, expresses theopinion that under -self -governmentthe Philippines will develop theirtmrtft with the United States at amore rapid rate than is now beingobtained. Of course he talks of theimportance of Manila hemp, which isthe recognized leading cordage fibreof the world; but sugar, cocanutsandrubber are natural products of greatimportance.The arguments put forward by thePhilipine Mission seem to leave little unsaid, andit is a privilege toielp carry their message to theAmerican public. Regarding theeconomic relations existing betweenour own nation and its ward, one ofthe statements says: "It has been anoticeable fact that trade betweenour two countries has advanced in almost exact proportion witK theamount of increase of self-governmentthat has been granted. Whenyou give us our complete independence you will thenhave not "only ourdeep gratitude, but the assurance ofenduring business relations. There isHo friendship more lasting than thatwhich is based upon wholesome business relations."That substantial progress has beenobtained along lines of commerce isevidenced by the fact that the imports from the United States to thePhilippines grew from $5,761,498 in1905 to $27,516,556 in 1917, whilethe exports fromthe Islands to theUnited States for the same periodincreased from $15,668,026 to $43,125,393. s oHOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrn matcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling, the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions. v.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,' Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)oNice line of candies at Caldwell's.-J-Mr. Henry Patterson continuesabout' the same.No change for the better in thecondition of Mrs. Sarah Leggett.See the line of overalls at Caldwells prices right.Miss Nellie Borner, of Falmouth, is the guest of her brother,Mr. R. C. Borner, and family.. See the nice 5c cigars at Caldwell's.Mrs. N. D. Rigdon leit Tuesdayfor a visit to relatives in Cynthiana.--Sox 10c, at Caldwell's.Mr. Lewis Layson, of Detroit,Mich., is the guest of his mother andsister, Mrs. Laura Layson, and Mrs.D. E. Clarke.You want shoes with the money.We have them. Prices right, "atCaldwell's.Mr. Julian Allen is at home forthe summer from Washington-LeeUniversity,, "Va.Miss Bronie Efird, of Sherhard,N. C, arrived Thursday as the guestof Miss Alberta Maffott.Mr. Daily Hubbard was takento Lexington, Wednesday, wnere newill undergo an operation for mastoids. Miss Nannie Clarke has returnedafter a week's visit to her brother,Mr. D. C. Clarke, and family, atLouisville.Mr. and -Mrs. Ernest Fisher, ofNew York City, N. Y., are guests oftheir parents, Dr. and Mrs. C. N.Fisher, and family.Misses Marguerite Bowles andKatie Roberson returned Tuesday,after a week's visit to friends atParis.Mr. and Mrs. Alex Hawes, ofCincinnati, Thursday, are guests ohis mother, Mrs. Mattie Hawes, to remain over Sunday.Mrs. T. D. Judy and Mrs. A. M.Vaught, the latter of Indianapolis,Ind., were guests of Miss NannieMiller, in Paris, Wednesday.A Triumph ofToughnessAnd yet, the 'Royal Cord' possesses amazing buoyancy and life.That's the secret of this famoustire's success.Hardihood that means manyextra, miles, combined with theluxury of easier riding.Let us put 'Royal Cords' on yourcar. They are the utmost in equipmentthe finest tires in the world.SwIft,.For a Short Distan.ce.Sparrows can fly short distances atthe rate of eighty miles an hour."Meats m Storage"Every working day of the year75,000,000 pounds of meat are rtquiredto supply home and export needs andonly 10 per -cent of .this is exported.These facts must be ''kept in mindwhen considering the U. S. Bureau ofMarkets report that on June 1, 1919,there were 1,348,000,000 pounds ofmeats in cold storage. If the meat instorage was placed on the market itwould only be 20 days' supply.This meat is not artificially withheldfrom trade channels to maintain oradvance prices.Meat in storage consist of65 per cent (approximate) hams, bacon, etqin process of curing. It takes 30 to 90days in pickle or salt to complete thtprocess.10per cent is frozen pork that is to be curedlater in the year.0percent is lard. This is only four-fifthsof a pound per capita, and much af it willhave to go to supply European needs.19per cent is frozen beef and lasso part ofwhich is owned by the. Gortrnment andwas intended chiefly for over-teas shipment. If this were all diverted to domestic trade channels, it would be only1 lbs. per capita a 3 days supply.100$From this it will be seen that "meatsin storage" represent merely unfinished goods in process of curing andthe working supply necessary to assurethe consumer a steady flow of finishedproductLei us send you a Swift "Dollar".It will interest you.Address Swift & Company,Union JStock. Yards, . Chicago, 111.Swift & Company, U. S. A.Dr. and. Mrs C. C. Fisher, Rev.and Mrs. J. D. Redd, and Mrs. A. S,Best are attending the CentenaryConvention of Methodism, at Columbus, Ohio.Mr. Fred Hill had his tonsils removed at Lexington, Wednesday,and is doing nicely. He is now atthe home of his aunt, Mrs. Marguerite Powell.Mrs. G. W. Johnson, who underwent an operation at St. Joseph'sHospital, Lexington, about twoweeks ago, is improving nicely andhopes to return home in anotherweek.Mrs. Mattie Hawes is in receiptof a letter from her son, Mr. AlbertHawes, who is in the U. S. Army service in France, to the effect that hehas already sailed for America, andhopes to land in New York aboutJuly 4th.Mrs. W AI. Miller and sons havereturned after a several weeks' visitto her cousin, Mrs. Adams, at Tennile, Ga. They will leave in a fewdays for a visit to Mrs. R. M. Buffington, sister of Mrs. Miller, at Columbus, O., where they will spend theremainder of the summer.Mr. John Pierce, of Flepningsburg, arrived Wednesday as the guestof his cousin, Mrs. M. M. Jones. Mr.Pierce has just returned fromFrance, where one leg was shot off.He was in the service, under Capt.Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris, but wasin a hospital at the time Capt.Hutchcraft was killed.FEELINGSLIVER LAZY?TAKEACALOTftBWonderful How Young and Energetic You Feel After TakingThis Nausealess Calomel Calotab.;tv6SZututnmS"!LliLWITH&&3SL.v ' ,m . .,- . -1 . wa rkK. sVsVB-JHbbT' I 'I bVgmM -KovolCorafS tKM one of thar&vek jjlmKMIJuifmmmMum mm mlBBBv imStamfiitlmmm It In Kt wttKifrW 'Royal Cord' Nobby' 'Chain 'Vsto' 'Plain' lulgUKKIImlMm II luJBtk AsKtekacBK v s- sv v tirJz W I mk Wk4m4&m)m IJuuFiMl Urn Ym, !miiiBBiBmMMSMmitilKMHmliwMmnKk 'BBBBIHBBBxir BBBVVjBBBBnBBBB' iU UnBtmliiBBBT WxC"SfS -BaBBrBHWllHlBBBBBmlSflE llfEHsBBsf SBVBbKbBBBBBBsHbHb- WbsbsbsssssISbssssbbMbssssssmIIIbIIbW :BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBnUWM IMbM STSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBWPABEilJtSlBBa ,-BBBBBBBBBBisaBiP r IUnited States Tiresare Good TiresWe KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.PABIS GAUAGE (Eugene Roberts) . . -.. . .aris, -y.RUGGLES MOTOR CO. . . . - - Paris, KytMULERSBTJRG HARDWARE CO., MC-isburg. Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON . . Korth lEddletown, Ky.If you have not tried Calotabs youhave a delightful surprise awaitingyou. The wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying properties ofcalomel may now be enjoyed withoutthe slightest unpleasantness. A Calotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No taste, no salts,nor the slightest unpleasant effects.You wake up in the morning feeling (so good that you want to laugh aboutit. Your liver is clean, your systemis purified, your appetite hearty. Eatwhat you wish no danger. The nexttime you feel lazy, mean, nervous,blue, or discouraged, give your livera thorough cleansing with, a Calotab.They are so perfect that your druggist is authorized to refund the priceas a guarantee that you will be de-lighted.--Calotabs are sold in original, seald packages. Price thirty-five cents.At all drug stores.(adv)oBALD HEADS.They held a banquet in Connecticut and one hundred and fifty satdown to tables covered with flowersand the best things to eat. Therenever was a more lively company assembled. . A shining pate is the index of a smiling mind. Some foolpeople think a bald head is a tendersubjectot. to be referred itq,j especially in the company of ladies, butthat -is an. . unmitigated falsehood,says Ohio-State Journal. We"inowa-man ivho cultivated a long lock ofhair, which he combed over his dometo hide his baldness, and that habithe kept for a while, and all the timehe seemed to have a miserable littlesorrow on his mind. But one day hewhacked off that lock and appearedwith burnished dome before theworld.From that time he was happy. Hisbald head made him so. We sometimes think that men with greatshocks of hair are peculiarly miserable. But they should not despair,for some day they will be balder andwiser than they are now.oThe food shortage abroad will begreater than ever next year, reportsFrank A. Vanderlip, after a threemonths' economic inspection of Europe. This is because lack of seed,work animals and machinery makesit impossible for Russia, Rumania,Poland and other countries to raiseenough grain to export. The American Red Cross will carry on in itswork .of feeding starving thousands.rKSafe InvestmentsYielding from4fc to 7'Writi fir Oir Juac limtimt ListJAMES C.WILLS0N& CO.210 S. Fifth St.. LOUISVILLE. KY.the MccormickImproved Mowers( 0 .P &r3l 810')JX''VXI fcViUmjdAaMsJiJjjgmJjmjJgJjX,Save Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyi1 To .FORDWorm Drive4SO1 TonPORDChwa Drive$500Write for Our list ofUsed Tr.ncfcttec'Ws, THatryB Kelly"mcrI 1010 GiII?PMXnicintial,0.fay using: ttie improvedCormick Mower. It .doeswork and does it right.Cormick users havetrouble or worryMettle MonoMC. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right&"$t?7:mvxTUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919.THE' BOUKBOH NEWS,PABIS, EENTtFteT"V"aVvi&jbV JaYRaaaaHBMHMw2SQS9fiuNATUREJS MIRRORWhen awoman iswell andhealthythere's asparkle inher eyes, arose tint inher cheeks,and she hasrich redblood.There'selasticity inevery movement and aspring in herstep. Lovecomes to every woman who hasbounding health but when she ispallid, dull eyed, languid, she hasno magnetism nor does she appealto any man.Such a change in feelings andlooks!After suffering pain, feeling nervous, dizzy, weak and draggeddown .by weaknesses of her sexwith eyes sunken, black circles andpale cheeks such a woman isquickly restored to health by theFavorite Prescription of Dr. Pierce.Changed, too, in looks, for aftertaking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription the skin becomes clearythe eyes brighter, the cheeksplump. It is purely vegetable,contains no alcohol.Druggists sell it in tablets orliquid. Send Dr. Pierce, Buffalo,U.Y., XOc for trial package.,." !IN THE SERVICE OE THEIR- - COUNIKY.lln Miller Burnaugh, formerly ofParis, son of Mr. and Mrs. James D.Burnaugh, has arrived in New York,after a year's service in the aviationbranch of the United States army.Private Chandler Fizer, son of Mr.and Mrs. James Pizer, formerly ofParis, has arrived in Mt. Sterling ona furlough visit to his parents. Hehas been in the service for eighteenmonths, stationed at Buffalo, NewYork." Mr. Fizer is a nephew ofMrs. Dan W. Peed, Sr., of Paris.Private George L. Frakes (Tommie) of Paris, in a card to THENEWS, stated that he had arrived atCamp Taylor, aear Louisville, wherehe will receive his final dischargefrom the service. He landed atCharleston, S. C, on the transportPrincess Notokia. Private Frakeswas a member of Co P., 22d Engineers, Fifth Battalion.Owen Fisher landed in Paris, Tuesday, from an Eastern demobilizationcamp, where he had been sent afterreturning from a long service inFrance. Private Fisher, before hisenlistment in the service, was in theefmploy of the Cumberland TelephoneCo., in Paris. He was a number ofa detachment of U. S. engineers, whosaw many months of service overseas. He is a son of Mr. W. P.Fisher, of the Fisher Transfer Company, of Paris.Southern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSES: rtKrjptokt Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lena TA postcard from France, to a member of THE NEWS staff, bears themodest signature, "Ben," meaningour young friend, Ben Leach, ofParis. Ben, who is on the U. S. S."Montana," writes, under date orJune 19, as follows:"Have been in Brest for one week,and don't know how long we are toremain. Until peace is signed, Jhear. We are to escort PresidentWilson back to the States. Am having a fine ,tipie."kW young aeab cheif won iPEAE TABLE SEAT.Emir Feisal, 32 years old, sat atthe Peace Conference as the Arabrepresentative through right ofmight, because of the signal assistance he gave the allies in overthrowing the Turk. The first operationsof this son of Hussien, Sheriff ofMecca, direct descendant of Mohammed and president of the secret revolutionary societies of Arabs, werewere not crowned with success, relates William a. Shepherd, in "AnArabian Knight," in the New RedCross Magazine, but before the endcame he was able to assist Gen.Allenby magnificently in the captureof the Turkish army, not a little because he had the good judgment totake the advice of a keen-mindedwayfaring Briton.i "When Feisal was down there bythe Red Sea' with his men," writesMr. Shepherd, "short of food, shortof water, short of ammunition, andwith no great supply of hope, a quietyoung English explorer from thegood old British school came along.His name is E. Lawrence. He spokeArab like a native, having spent halfa dozen .years in "the desert places,and no Arab browner than he." 'Don't march south to the aid ofvour father.' he advised Feisal.r March north, out of the Hejaz, upinto Syria, and call upon all theArabs to join you. The British areup there in the north and if youshow yourself strong I am sure theywill help you.'"Then and there in the little RedSea village, talking with this tannedBritish relic digger. Emir Feisalmade the decision that brought himat last to the peace table in Paris.. o"Hrr " r"r "" "" -J" - - S r1--"- " '- -31 K-v ST. $-i.' t"ishing "the impossiblein a cigarette!'NURSEMARVELSAT4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.-l4m sIFyou cannot distinctly read withoutstrained or tired eyes, the sight isfailing, or defective, and should haveattention.Cover the left eye and see if thelines in all sections of the abovecircle appear equally dark ahd distinct. If not, you have Astigmatisma visual defect which should becorrected at once. Try the right eyein the sapne manner.Have your eyes , examined here.DR. 0. L. ERYE,Eyesight Specialist,Paris. Kv.After having served his countryfnr three years, and receiving his'honorable discharge from the service,Corp. Alvin M. Thomas has againrfnmiP.d the khaki, having re-enlistedin the regular cavalry troop, and isnow stationed at Fort Thomas, Ky.Corp. Thomas enlisted in the serviceJune 25, 1916, at the time troublewith Mexico developed, ana bpeuiseveral months on the border. Hewas later sent overseas and was attached to the Third Division, Co. A,Sixth TJ. S. Engineers, which was inspme of the hardest-fought battlesof the great world-war, one of whichwas the second battle of Verdun,November 5, 1918, where the 3rd Division was in the thickest of theii-ht. Corp. Thomas was wuuuuwby a German machine-gun Duuei,which put him in a French hospitalfor six months, from where he wassent home among the casualtiesApril 1, 1919, the 3rd Division beingstill over-seas.0-Six American Red Cross nursesaie giving Serbia its first housecleaning. They went over to fighttyphus plague, bu true to their traditions of American springtime renovations they are spending their freehours in scrubbing, white-washing,screening windows, and drainingcesspools.From County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & TerminalCo.QUICK WORKMrs. Ritchie's Trutona Praise Con-. r I-Has Had 21 Years'vincing-Experience.Paducah, Ky., July 5. "Trutonaworked like-magic in my case." Mrs.S. A. Ritchey, . 6,-441 'South Sixthstreet, said recently. Mrs. Richeyhas-been a resident of Paducah forthe past 27 years, 21 years of whichtime has been spent as a practicalnurse. Mrs. Richey's experience withmedicines lends inestimable force toher indorsement."I'd had Sidney trouble for several years," she continued. "Painsin my back were so severe at timesthat 1 could hardly get around. Mystomach was in bad condition, too.After eating I'd feel bloated andwould be annoyed by a shortness ofbreath. , gecause of my weakenedkidneys'! would have to get up oftenduring the night."I've gained remarkable relief fromTrutona, however. I never have toget "up at night any more and thepains in my back have disappeared.And my stomach well, it's sufficient to say that I enjoy my meals asnever before. The beauty of it isthat everything agrees with me. Ican recommend Trutona as the medicine that gives relief."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at the drugstore of G. S. Varden& Son.(adv)It is years back since smokers have heard ;pfany NEW quality in a cigarette.But here, at last, is a, cigarette that does whatsmokers would never have believed a cigarettecould do.Here's a cigarette that satisfies Chesterfields.Chesterfields touch the "smoke-spot" Chesterfields let you know you're smoking. Chesterfieldsand Chesterfields only SATISFY !It's all in the blend a blend of the finest selections of Turkish and Domestic tobaccos. And theformula for this blend is the manufactiirer'ssecret Unlike a patent, it cannot be copied oreven closely imitatedLight up a Chesterfield, some time today, andsee how promptly your smoke-sense will put theO.K. on "satisfy."n4t r&ffrte2-?v ....eyyic'fA - jr - . R!W-iNrM -rA Z?? -iir " ' uChesterfieldXAktHr 1 X XLrOof Turkish and Domestic tobaccos --blendedWOULD YOU TRADE PAEIS TORNEW YORK.(21mar-tf-F)HOMEKILLEDMEATSEVENINGS ssr1Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house. ""VealPorkBeefLambiff-It's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market2soSlectricityTor rightingIt's the only satisfactoryway.llse Sasfor Resting and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity -and Gas. xParis Ga$& Electric Co."What do folks in New York dowhen they wake up in the morningbursting with the impulse to say'Hello' to somebody? Your most intimate friend probably lives in NewRochelle, while you hold up somewhere between One Hundred and Sixty-ninth Street and Montclair, NewJersey. WhenN the uncontrollabledesire to be social comes on, youwrite or telephone, and a week fromnext Tuesday you meet for the avowed purpose of delivering your eistwhile spontaneous outbuist of greetings. It's like opening a sparklingbottle of Burgundy to drink" week after next."What kind of living is that inwhich the only wealth worth havingis measured by the amount of friendly affection you can accumulate onvour iourney' through? Out WestIwe have to get our sea food canned.But rather canned sea food thencanned friendships and fresh seafood! When you boil all the superfluous water out of life, and sugaroff, if you haven't gathered a goodlyresidue of friendships and affections,you arent going to have very muchsweetness in the kettle. Success,money, and position don't add apennyweight of happiness, unlessthey have brought the comraaesnjpof friends. What all of us are' reallyafter in this world is to have peoplelike us. If nobody likes us, theworld -is going to be a pretty drearyplace, and we will wish we hadn'tcome, no matter how much successand wealth ,we may nave accumulated." J. N. Darling in the July American.(XftconxKatai)Tvr than seven tv-flve disabilityand tuberculosis cases x. day are reported to the Late Division, Bureauof After-Cafe, for aid.- JJp Ao datedivision workers, have Jiad charge ofalmost 10,000 cases reported by psychopathic hospitals, and by camp hospitals in ihis"countryand overseas.AJzfaA'-SkX'-rr JWiW package keeps -Kf;MW them rm a J . ', 'WSSCr'jf W &esh, whatever I ,'I ' ' jfNil 'trH I,III "' " ! I 'III BBy"i ms w ' illa vKJr Myv m, IIIII A, m W F B .M J IIIIII ' tS-Jr, . v ' "II V i . ' '" IIill ' K llIII ' IIIII ' IIv 11III lr' III '' T IIII THRUGGLESllll i 1, 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. ...-,. I. 1(1 --?-V. 1III ' mIII '" IBJul v ?iB -I ill -, . ' - aw1411 'JJ,,BBBaiMMMBMBBMMWBMMMWWWWMiMMBBMBia-iv-4 v;-ji'ttJM1in is'Anh"-- . " " ' ' " s .VSTrj I-Jv ;-Pf FACT EIGHTTHE BOUBBOlf HEWS PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 4, 11A.-K,,.,.AigllMlAl.81Mi,l.lAMW!llW151BlKllllMmilHHgHlWtAHajjHMlgaaBnHlmUiH8ifiHHtSlHiliIlJHiiitIHiffiiBIlllHTmiUHHHimiiimilWMWWillard-DempseyPrizeMatchbyRoundsAt Paris Opera House Friday Afternoon, July 4 tT53ff'S,Vr?:the Paris Opera House and every detail will be given almost as good as being at the ring-side. Prices 25 cents, plusI 3 cents war tax, 28 cents. Doors open at 1 o'clock.M , , , , -j, ..fc...-.. B-fc.,-B gr.B.g.BEBggei,iiIg-.-:-r -? rsgB..s..g-- e.a;- aa!i.? iaii335gsg5S-gggggfff -"--'---'"'? Tte-ga"-THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-30cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, FRIDAY'I Thos. H. Ince PresentsDorthy Daltonin'"The Homebreaker"She Could Sell Snowballs in Sitka' But she couldn't sell her sweetheart the idea that she didn't want toshare his attentions with some "Broadway Jane," until she! Well, theur flew and then SWEETHEART CAME MARCHING HOME.A story of a saleswoman who stacked up against the best men on theroad and won easily, but found it hard to win out with her own best pal.Ruth Roland "The Tiger's TrailCowboys, bandits, adventure, treachery, heroism, thrills!TO-MORROW, SATURDAYMABEL NORMAND, IN"The Pest"A cyclone of thrills! A downpour of laughter! See dashing MabelNormand in her latest and greatest comedy triumph, "The Pest.She wears overalls, rides a donkey, saddles a dog, kids a cow, ropesa rooster, makes love, wins love and grabs a fortune.SMILING BILL PARSONS- ' IN"A Midnight AlarmMONDAY, JULY 7thCHARLES RAYIN"THE BUSHER"He'd Have Made Ty Cobb 'look Like a Raw Eookie.After he took the "girl cure." But before thatHe kept sending 'em over and they kept knocking 'em down so fastthat the score-keeper got writers' crajmp trying to keep track of the damage.VThe umpire got tongue-tied calling "Ball!" and "Safe!" and finallythey sent him back to HER, a thousand miles from where Big Leagueball is played.Tha's where the fun starts!That's what you ought to see!Also Burton Holmes Travel PictureDEATHS.vCURTIS.Mrs. Jake Curtis died at hericme in Winchester, Wednesday, oftuberculosis, after an illness of overa year. She is survived by her hus-"-rdand. the following children:1 's. Jack Hall and Mrs. Maggie3r:2en, of Clark county, Mr. AlbertCurtis, of Bourbon county; WilliamCurtis, of Carlisle; Mrs. Mattie Clift,t Paris; and Mrs. Charles Scott, ofWinchester.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at the home in Winchesterat 3:30 o'clock. The interment followed in the Wenchester Cemetery.FREDERICK.John Frederick, aged abouthir-ty-two,died on the farm of Mr. Howard Day, on the Jackstown pike,near Paris, Wednesday morning, after a short illness of peritonitis. Hehad been engaged in farming andmade his home on the Day place. He.is survived by his father, Mr. Proctor Frederick, and one brother, Mr.White Frederick, and two small children. Mr. Frederick's wife died sometime ago.The body was taken to Needmore,Report of the condition of ThePeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State ofKentucky, at the close of business on 25th day of June, 1919:in Nicholas county, yesterday, wherea short service was held in the Need-jmore church, at three o'clock, theburial following in the local cemetery. oCARD OP THANKS.We desire to extend through themedium of THE NEWS our sincerethanks to one and all for the manykind offices extended in the last illness and the death of our father, Mr.Warren E. Cassidy. We cannot seethem all personally, and take thismeans of assuring them that theirkindness will -not be forgotten.OLA CASSIDY,CLARENCE CASSIDY.RELIGIOUS.RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts.. $ 963Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 32Stocks, Bonds and other Securities- 65Due from Banks .? 154Cash on hand 15Checks and other cash items '. lBanking House, Furniture and Fixtures 12Other Real EstateOther Assets not included under any of above heads,898.22,775,56,354.60,999.69,439.76,645.85,001.0000.00506.00Total ,$1,246,620.68LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash $ 150 000 00f?22!g ?und -x- looiooolooUndivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 15,375.15Deposits subject to check $730,203.11 .Demand Certificates of Deposit .. .. 23,863.37Tipie Deposits 215,194.61Cashier's checks outstanding 3,583.78 ' 972,844.87Due Banks and Trust Companies 8,400.66Total,$1,246,620.68"" State of Kentucky, (Set.)County of Bourbon.We, S. E. Bedford and C. K. Thomas, President and Cashier ofthe above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement istrue to the best of our knowledge and belief.S. E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July. 1919.' , NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public.My Commission Expires January 29, 1920.STATEMENT OF THE CONDITION OFFarmers and Traders Bank,o Of Paris, Kentucky"At the close of business, June 30, 1919.Began, business January 3, 1916.RESOURCESLoan, and Discounts $323,357.35TJ: S. Bonds 35,350.00TJ:.S. Certificates .. .. 8,000.00Stotks, Bonds and otherSecurities 29,894.67Overdrafts 3,960.70Furniture and Fixtures 100.00Cash. 20,493.36-iQue from Banks 17,521.23$438,677.31.. ' ').LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 60.000.00Surplus .. . . 14,500.00Undivided Profits . . . . 1,139.69Tax Reserve.. .. .. .. 1,288.41Interest Reserve .... . . 189.20Individual Deposits .... 361,560.01$438,677.31Cross Earnings Past SixDistributed as follows:. First Semi-Annual 3 Dividend- Surplus FundExpense AccountTar Reserver jfiiterest ReserveCharged off Furniture and FixtuUndivided ProfitsMonths $10,546.46$res.1,800.002,500.003,339.841,450.00500.00400.00556.62$10,456.46 10,456.46. T, W. W. Mitchell, Cashier of the Farmers and Traders Bank, of Paris,Ky.. do solemnly swear that the abov e statement is true to the best of myknowledge and belief.S X W' W' MITCHELL, Cashier.' Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30th day of June, 1919.Notary, Public; Bourbon County, Ky. . ,-;t'-. p-A J& Kfr f1Vk m Xffil w a S- .km H It- .1. ft Pi "i fl ft o, - &t.'- " jixiiiBoi uu caiiiw iri.Aiv.ii. tto, xaao. fcL 5The Endeavor Society of the Christian church willmeet on the lawnin the rear of the church, Sundaynight at 7:00 o'clock. The subjectwill be "Our Relation To Others."The meeting will be dismissed in timefor the union services.The Womens Society of the Christian church will meet next Tuesdayin the church parlors at 3:30 o'clock.The Society will have another sale ofedibles in the front store room of theWilson building, at the corner ofMain and Third streets, on Saturday,July 12. It had been planned to havethese sales each Saturday. The members of the Society desire the churchmepnbers to contribute to the sales aswell as buy.EARLY CLOSING MOVE.In line with the recently-adoptedand effected movement of Parisdruggists in early closing, the drygoods houses of the city will put asimilar plan into effect. Beginningnext Monday, these stores, and probably many others, will close at 5:30p. jm. throughout the heated term.It is an excellent move, and one to becommended.oBEAUTIFUL. PORCH FURNITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDtrCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.MATRIMONIAL.-Marriage licenses were issuedthis week from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to the followingparties: George Calvin and MissMaude Williamson, of Winchester;Solomon Hogg, of Harlan, and MissElise Shaw, of Bourbon county;James W. Woodall and Miss AnnaKate Conners, both of Carlisle.LOVE MYERS.Mr. J. Preston Myers, formerlyconnected with the city street cleaning departpnent of Paris, and MissAnnie E. Love, of the county, secured license here yesterday and weremarried shortry afterward. Thegroom gave his age as fifty-three andthe bride, thirty-two.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Nathan Bayless, Jr., receiveda telegram from his nephew, NathanBayless, Jr., announcing his safe arrival at Philadelphia, after a serviceof several months in France. Mr.Bayless was in the Veterinary branchof the service. He has gone to CampDlx, and is expected home in a fewdays.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againtthall withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)Childrens' Day exercises will beheld at the Old Union church, nearthe county line, the first Sunday inJune, which will be next Sunday,June 6.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR:Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningService.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Church BoardMeeting.Sunday, 7:00 p. m. Christian Endeavor Meeting.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Union Services. oBEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE.SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICES tA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods, and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods the big reductions during July.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oEARLY CLOSING MOVEMENT BYDRUGGISTS EFFECTIVEThe early closing of drug stores inthis city, which was adopted after aconference held last week, becameeffective Tuesday night, and theplaces where pills, powders and otherhealth-givers are stored, were darkfrom seven o'clock until the openinghour the next morning. The storeswill be closed during the summer anduntil further notice, from, seveno'clock, each evening, with the exception of Saturday. On Sundays,they will be open from 11:00 a. pnto 1:00 ,p m., and from 7:00 p. m.to 8:00 p. m. The public is asked totake notice of this change in hours,andto govern, themselves accordingly. w" ?. ft V ..," f"'Reap Your Harvest NowNWe offer the most marvel ousevalues of the season! All thenew styles the latest creations in footwear, combiningStyle, Quality and Workmanshipat prices onSy our system of merchandising can offer.Get Your Share of These Wonderful Bargains.The Savings Are Big, .SPECIALLadies' White Canvas PumpsLouis Covered Heel, $3.00 valuesat$1 -99 ;JllPsMWBjie- I.I . ,-., 1JWALK-OVER($ Oxfords and Pumpsof All DescriptionsAt Bargain Prices!MALadies' White Sea Island Canvas & Aq,Pumps, Col., or plain Louis heel ?Ladies' Dark Tan English Oxfords atLadies' Dull Kid EnglishOxfords atj-iaaies ratent iua rumps &y aq$3.49$2.99$5 00Men's Dark Tan English Oxfords,bench made, at1U.CU a umie canvas uxiords, fco acWalk-Overs, at $0.4Men's Gun Metal English Oxfords, o enWalk-Over, at... ..$0.50Men's and Boys' Black Shoes and CO QQOxfords, welts, at p.JJMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storet'.'t.;ivtSs."i&' - . t..,ir'.-' " 51.1HZ-fVw. '.- T;ft-