M:ii- .St'' ,.As.- -"yJTHEVi-!-?-it? it"PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ANB FRIDAY IN THE. YEAR-?te .',VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1919BOURBONNEWSDOING THE SAME OLD ,TKICKSAGAIN.Despite the warnings, fines, theemployment of a special motorcyclecop to report and prevent suchthings, the speed demons have heenup to their old tricks on the streetsof Paris. Special Motorcycle Policeman Fields has done his work well,and has thrown a scare into thespeeders that will be hard for themto overcome, but there still remainsa few foolhardy ones who thinkthemselves above the law.Just a little warning to these!The law is bound to get you soonerx)T later. Be advised in time! Whenthe authorities get after you therewill be scpnething for you to regretafterward."No man liveth jinto himself," butyou would think some of them did,judging by the noise some of thesemotorists make. There is no moresense in running along the streets ofthis city with a cut-out wide openthan there is in permitting a dog tobark all day long, yet it is done.Choke off the cut-out and let us livein a less noisy and nerve-racking environment. It's only thoughtlessnesson the part of the motorists, but itspells discomforfand annoyance toothers. A word to the wise shouldhe sufficient but it will not availjmuch with the arrogant, bull-headedand all-sufficient wise guy whothinks he has a perfect right to do ashe pleases, city or no city, ordinanceor no ordinance, law or no law.A check for $7.50 was received byMayor E. B. January from DariusWerlin, of Trinity, Ky., who wasplaced under arrest by MotorcyclePoliceman Fields on a charge of violating the speed and traffic laws afew days ago. The check was accompanied by a letter of apology.LITTLE HOCK GRADED SCHOOL.The Little Rock Graded and HighSchool opened yesterday with an increased attendance, with the following faculty in charge: Prof. B. M.Roberts, principal; Miss PrincieGaines, assistant in High School;Miss Ada Bivin, intermediate grades;Mrs. Charles Prather, primarygrades; Miss Patsy Clark, vocal andinstrumental music and expression.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSJl xxJlJLSHOWINGOFiCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobilel!.ALLEGED CHECK WORKER TAKEN TO OWINGSVILLE.When a young man wearing anoverseas uniforpn entered the grocerystore of Baldwin Bros, to make inquiries as to the whereabouts ofLuther Leggett, of Millersburg, Mr.Boone Baldwin recognized him as ayoung man for whom he cashed acheck several months ago. Thecheck which bore the purported signature of Luther Leggett was pronounced a forgery by Mr. Leggett.Mr. Baldwin detained the youngman, who gave the name of LeeClark, of Winchester, and summonedPatrolman Lusk, who took him tojail. Clark admitted passing thecheck, but claijnied it had been givento him by Mr. Leggett. He had recently returned from overseas, wherehe served about six months.Clark was later released from custody. Mr. Leggett, whose name wassigned to the check, having madegood the amount to Baldwin Bros.Clark was immediately placed underarrest by officers from Owingsville,on warrants charging him with petitlarceny, forgery, and selling l$nuorin local option territory. He wastaken to Owingsville, Saturday morning to answer to the charges againsthijm.o ;FALL SEEDS .Best quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf)CLOCK REPARIER ROBBED. $239 SAVINGS.OFNewton Sanders, living at the corner of Tenth and Pleasant streets,reported to the police the loss of$239, which he says was taken fromhis room while he was asleep.Sanders is a clock repairer by occupation. The stolen money represented the savings of several jmonths,and was derived from hundreds ofsmall jobs for his patrons throughout the city and county. He was unable to account for the loss of themoney, which he says, was in histrousers pockets on a chair in hisroom.- &r& CO.DeliveryPARIS WOMAN'S QUICK -ACTIQNSAVES SHIP.Mr. and Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, ofParis, who have been in Denmark,for a month of jmore visiting relatives of the former, are expectedhome to-day. They arrived at NjewYork, Sunday, on the steamer, OscarII, from Copenhagen, after an une-ventful voyage.In connection with their honeymoon trip across the ocean the dailypapers carry an interesting story ofhow Mrs. Meinertz, quick eye andquick action saved the Oscar II fromdestruction. The story as telegraphed from New York under date ofSept.. 14, reads as follows:"British science and letters, American ingenuity, Russian Anti-Bolshevistfortitude, and feminine quickwit were well represented among theuassengers who arrived here to-dayon board the American line steafmship Oscar JI from Copenhagen. Sofilled was the vessel's first cabin thatmany persons of prominence werecompelled to accept, second-class accommodations in order to make thevoyage. Labor troubles, both inDenmark and later in the port ofNewcastle, England, dragged a voyage that would ordinarily havetaken eleven days into one of nineteen days. Pleasant weather, however, made up for the length of thejourney and the four hundred andsome odd cabin voyagers were ingood humor when they reached Hoboken pier this morning."If it had not been for the quickeye of Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, who,befare her marriage, was Miss Corinne Elizabeth Collins, of Paris,Ky., the Oscar would have struck amine on June 19. Mr. and Mrs,Meinertz had left New York onboard the Oscar on a delayedhoneymoon to the old home of thehusband in Denmark ten days before. Mr. Meinertz came to theUnited States some years ago and established himself in business inParis, Kentucky, and was marriedthere."The couple were standing directlyunder the bridge on the evening ofJune 29, when Mrs. Meinertz sawsomething peculiar glistening on themoonlit sea. She called her husband's attention to it and then,mindful of the stories of floatingjmines that she had heard spoken ofon board the night before, she immediately called the officer on thenavigation bridge to the glisteningobject."There was an almost instantaneous sounding of gongs in the engineroom, and the bridge n.ear the-stsg:levers and the big ScandinavianAmerican steamship seemed to layover almost on her side as she swungout of her course."The glistening object was seen todrift by within fewer than a dozenfeet to spare between it and the sideof the steamship, and CaptainSchmidt afterwards told Mrs. Meinertz that they had narrowly escapedstriking a mine. Twenty-four hourslater they encountered another jmineand five subsequent mines of destruction were met with before theOscar II reached Copenhagen."FANCYCATTLE SOLDSTATE FAIR.AT THEThe steer exhibit by Kenneth Caldwell, 12-years-old, of Paris, whichwon the grand championship in the Jsteer class for fatted cattle at theKentucky State Fair, was sold for thefancy price of 45 cents a pound.The steers weighed 1,200 pounds andnetted the boy $540.Other sales of fancy fatted cattlewere made to packers at prices ranging from 19.10 to 20 cents perpounds H. L. Iglehart, of Elizabethtown, acted as auctioneer.A car lot of fancy cattle, comprising fifteen head, shown by Henry S.Caywood, of North Middletbwn,which won first prize in the car lotexhibit, was sold to Swift & Company, for 20 cents. The cattle weighed approximately 21,000 pounds.A car lot of fifteen head, shown byJames Caldwell, father of KennethCaldwell, and which took secondprize, brought 19 cnts per pound.A car lot of third prize winners,exhibited by J. G. Gays, of VineGrove, was bought by the Nagle Provision Company for 19.10 cents perpound. This bunch of cattle wasbred and raised in Kentucky of Kentucky stock.TEACHERS' INSTITUTE 'THANKS'Before closing its sessions, whichwere held at the Bourbon County Y..M. C. A. gyjmnasium, in this city,last week, the Bourbon CountyTeachers' Institute adopted a seriesof resolutions. These resplutionsthanked the management of the "Y"for the use of the building; Prof.Chas. A. Keith, of the Eastern Kentucky Normal School at Richmond,for his series of lectures; advisingbetter preparation of teachers for obtaining University and NormalSchool instruction and teaching abroader Americanism and more ardent patriotism; declaring for ahigher salary for teachers to meetincreasing cost of living, and advising teachers to' form an, auxiliary ofthe Red Cross, and to aid in stamping out illiteracy in the county.ACTION OF THE BOARD OP CONTROL OP THE W. W. MASSEEMEMORIAL HOSPITAL.We, the menibers of the W. W.Massie Memorial'Hospital Board andassociates, realizing the impressionbeing made by the investigation ofthe Hospital, which is now in progress, feel that it is due the publicand those in management of the Hospital, that the following statementsbe made:First The board of Control, having been in close touch with themanagement of the Hospital from itsbeginning, has endeavored to conductthe Hospital, handicapped as it hasbeen for funds, so as to best (meetthe requirements of the patient admitted and the need of the city andcounty.Second All complaints, whenproperly presented to the Board, havebeen given fair and just consideration. Third In Miss Boehm, who hasbeen our Superintendent since its beginning, the Massie Memorial Hospital has been extremely fortunate.While she has had the unqualifiedsupport of the Board of .Control, it isto her mntiring efforts, her highstandards of Hospital efficiency andmorality, that the Massie MemorialHospital is conceded by those familiar with such institutions to be oneof the best equipped and best conducted Hospitals in the State.Fourth The members of theBoard of Control can not too heartilycomfmend and approve the highstandard of efficiency of the presentadministration and assure the publicthat in the future the Hospital willbe conducted on the same plane asheretofore.(Signed)J. W. DAVIS,N. F. BRENT,D. C. PARRISH,M. J. LAVTN,J. M. WILLIAMS,MRS. E. F. CLAY,MRS. LAURA WIGGINS,MRS. W. O. HINTON,LUCY BLYTHE SIMMS,MRS. M. J. LAVIN,MRS. ISAAC PRICE,MARY SPEARS.SUNDAY AUTO ACCIDENTSA narrow escape from serious injury was madi. Sunday afternoon,"Sear iJodnesUoro, when a machine inwhich three Paris boys were riding,went over a fifteen foot embankment,and was wrecked. The young men,Roy Jones, Noah Gaunce and William Bell, had gone to Boonesboro ona Sunday afternoon joyride, butfinding no especially alluring attractions there, turned back eh routehome. A short distance out 'from.Boonesboro, the driver lost control ofthe machine, which swerved fromthe road, and plunged backwardover the steep embankment. Jonessaw the impending danger in time tojump, thereby escaping injury.Gaunce and Bell were carried downin the machine, which struck theside of the embankment and turnedturtle, throwing the occupants out.Gaunce sustained a slight cut andsevere bruises and Bell was alsoslightly bruised. The (machine wascompletely wrecked. The boys secured passage on a passing machine,and were taken to Winchester, fromwhere they returned to Paris in amachine.A machine belonging to Mr.John Clay, in which Mr. Forrest Letton, Jr., and three companions wereriding on the Lexington pike, nearParis, Sunday afternoon, crashedinto a telephone pole when the steering gear became jammed. The machine veered off after striking thepole, and ran across the interurbantracks, when the engine "died.".. Mr.Letton sustained slight cuts and.bruises about the face. The otherswere uninjured, but received a severe shaking up. The machine wasconsiderably damaged.0 -, ..BOURBON HORSES.vLady Beautiful, a most appropriately named mare, owned by B. S.jCastles, of New York City, and driven by A. G. Jones, of North Middletown, won the fine harness stake atthe Kentucky State Fair HippodromeFriday -night over the b'est fieldassembled. A slight mix-up betweena couple of the entries in the earlystages of the showing threatened disaster for a moment, but no seriousinjuries resulted.For the other features of the propram, the three-gaited saddle horsechampion brought out another wonderful field of eight of the finest oftheir kind to be seen in many seasons. Two of the contestants borelady riders, each of whom showed hermount with rare skill.Both of these classes were judgedby J. Miller Ward, of Paris.GREAT PACING EVENTThe Cumberland, the year's greatbattle for pacers, will be decided atLexington, October l.(16-19)COUNCIL REFUSES! TO ACCEPTSANITARY SEWER.At the recent meeting of the ParisCity Council, .City Engineer A. H.Boehner, who recently completed aninspection of the new trunk linesewer, finished, reported that he hadfound it in bad condition in severalplaces, and that it would cost from$5,000 to $6,000' to make the necessary repairs. The sewer had justbeen completed by Contractor A. D.Sant at a cost of $20,000. Contractor Sant put in a counter claim for$6,000 against the city as an underestimate of the cost of constructingthe sewer, as excavations had to bemade throug hard bed rock. Heclaimed this unforseen obstaclecaused him to be behind on his contract several jmontHs and that he h?.dlost money on it.An ordinance for the constructionof concrete on Fifth avenue wasgiven a second reading ana passed.The Council declined to accept theresignations of Mrs. A. T. Forsythand Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, members of the committee to investigaete the management of the Massie! Memorial Hospital. The FinanceCommittee appointed to audit thebooks of the Massie Memorial Hospital, filed a report commending the.treasurer and superintendent of theinstitution. Mrs. Harriet Minaker,Visiting Nurse of the BourbonCounty Health and Welfare League,submitted her annual report, showing $1,089.45 in the treasury. Mr.Newton Mitchell, Superintendent fthe Paris Water Company, appearedbefore the Council and entered a protest in regard to the mill race gate atthe Paris Milling Co.'s plant, whichhe stated was in poor condition, andnot capable of holding back the water. The Improvement Committeewas instructed to confer with Mr. B.M. Renick, of the Paris Milling Co.,and come to a settlment of fne matterhThe Western Petroleum Co. wasgranted a penmit for the erection ofan iron-clad building on Main street,between the Frankfort & CIncinnotirailroad and the property of the ParisMonument Co., the cost to be about$4,000.EVERY DAY AN OPENING.It's "opening day" every day at ourstore, where millinery for ladies. ofexacting taste isjnade. and displayed..There are styles and styles, and piles"i " MT- ,riL ""?f "' iSSr?""""""& "" "kv-wuu wiuiaiijr xu.-vited. For the newest, the latest, i vlblullt "u L"c -"w ;""the best, see year-olds will be opening day-feat-MRS.' CORNE WATSON BAIRD. ! ures at the Lexington Trots, Septem-(12-tf)Iber 29. (16-19)ft WE KNOW HOWSTETSONHATSFor Fall arc NowOn DisplayMany smart styles, wide, flat set brimswith narrow bands and bindings;medium width brims, slightly curled;new Fedora shapes, with welt or rawedges; many new colorings, new greys,greens, browns, tans and mixed color4 ings. Imported Velours and ItalianBarselinos. .. u-aPrices Range From$7 to $15Select your hat fromsatisfied.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsEXECUTORS OF ESTATEFRTTntDLY SUIT.Dr. C. Bruce Smith, of Millerstiurc,and Silas E. Bedford, of Paris, executors of the- estate of the late A. ,HVSmedley, who died from -wounds mltinflicted in Millersburg soee timjago, have filed a friendly suit la thmoffice of Circuit Clerk W. H. .Wefrk,asking for an interpretation of. crtain clauses in the deceased's willIn the petition the executors aalcthe Cotrrt to interpret a paragraph lathe will which they say- is doubtfulas to its meaning. In Mr. Smcftleys will, which 'was admitted toprobate shortly after his death. aftermaking a number of bequests to relatives and friends, there occurred a,paragraph .reading: "Should there bother money or stocks in my poeeeesion at my decease, it shall be divided between my own brothers 4tmsisters, or their heirs, among whomrare my brother John's heirs, my sister Kate, and my brother "Williamthe last two mentioned being at preer-'ent living in Chicago."Mr. Smedley had the followingbrothers of full blood, Joseph, Sjmedley, John G. Smedley, and William.Smedley, one full sister, Mrs. KateForrester, and two half-sisters, Lucyand Mary Smedley. Since the! willwas drawn all, his brothers and'halfbrothers have died, leaving heirs,Mrs. Kate Forrester, of Chicago, hissister, surviving. The executorsare in doubt as to whether Mr.Smedley meant to include In the distribution of the residue of his estatethe children and descendants of hishalf-brothers and half-sisters, and forthis reason, ask the Court to passupon this particular paragraph.KENTUCKIANS WANT PASSPORTSFOR EUROPEAN VISIT.Applications for passports to visitforeign countries were filed with;Federal Court Commissioner CharlesWiard, at Frankfort, by Misees Teviaand Anne Capnden, daughters of former United States Senator J. N. Camden and Mrs. Lucas Broadheadall ofWoodford county. They - expect tosail from San Francisco, October 18.on the S. S. Venezuela. Their itinerary includes visits to Hawaii, Japan, Korea, Manchuri, China, thePhilippines, Straits Settlements,Java.' Burmah. India. Ceylon, ondFrance.FEATURES AT LEXINGTON FAIR.The Walnut Hall Cup in two dl-.. , ... .,; rour store andbeBLAKEMORENcttltton ShtesDr. Retd's Cushion Sole Steas$.iffifcir-f - &? -T ?- ;-ter.VAT7&k o,r" IKW3rJJais?' i r. -'-.TUESDAY, S1PTBMBBK II, ISflf AGE TWOTHE BOUEBOH TTEWSr PARIS,. I3EHTTTCr7-VIfc1mmHif ' 'uHIE BOURBON NEWSBftaJgiihed 188137 Years of Colli tannous PublicationMtiished Erery Tuesday and Friday9r Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00. Payable in Adavance.IWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.tftatmd at the Paris, Kentucky,Eoitofflo as Mall Matter of theIttoad Class)Any erroneous reflection upon thefcfcaraotar, standing or reputation otay parson, firm or corporation -whichMr appear in the columns of THEMURBON NEIWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theiitor.OUR IX)REIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Bew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.i Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.IpuisYille Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, fl.OO perInch for first time; 60 cents per inchaaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineMost issue; reading notices in black(kyye, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cards ot thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMenU and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedt decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesaaast invariably be accompanied byghe cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For Governor:Jaines D. Black.Por Lieutenant Governor:W. H. Shanks.Por Secretary of State:Mat S.. Cohen.Por Auditor of Public Accounts:Henry M. Bosworth.Por Attorney General:Prank E. Daugherty.Por Clerk of the Court of Appeals:John A. Goodman.Por .Superintendent of Public Instruction: Ij. E. Foster.Por Commissioner of Agriculture:John W. Newman.Por Representative:James H. Thompson.POR COUNCILMENPirst Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, John"Williams.Second Ward:Edward Burke.Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The "Almo Idea."Almo, Kentucky, a town of 200people, located in the western partof the State, has invited four citiesmuch larger than itself to be presemt at a barbecue given by its citizens. When we consider that Padubah is one of these cities we realize the undertaking of the people ofAlno and wonder how they find itworth while. The answer is found inthe iay's program which is to accom,.pny the feast of good things at theJw,recue. The program includes acomplete discussion of the relationsbetween the communities. Trade relatioss, transportation, exchange ofproducts and, best of all, good roadsar to ltfay a part in the discussionof the iay.W believe "the "Almo idea" agoed one and one well worthy of imitation. There is too little of co-op-ratkmand too much of jealousy andtreasuring- of ancient ill-feeling between communities, towns and cities.Co-operation is one of the secrets ofall boijieg success. Better roads,more business and jmore comfort willresult to all parties concerned inhearty inter-city co-operation.We can well take the lesson ofAlmo to heart and formulate someplans to put their ideas into practice. The time, money and energyspent thereon would be repaid overand over by the increased business,better feeling and more rapid progress resulting from a hearty cooperation. We have in the surrounding counties several towns whosebusiness and personal interests couldwell be brought into closer relationswith ours. There would be bothpleasure and profit to both parties.Let's think it over, talk it over andwhen the time is rpe, put it over.oMR. PARMER KNOWS A THINGOR TWO.(Detroit Free Press)Lambasting the packers, railing atthe middlemen, and excoriating theretailer of foodstuffs is the general,if not always popular, pastime inthese days of excessive cost of eating. And while all this is takingplace attention is distracted from afigure standing on the side lines andalternately cheering the scrappersand turning aside to indulge in awell-warranted laugh at the mannerin which he is made a beneficiary,quite unwittingly, by the warringfactors. This is the producer, whoin the general melee manages to getat least a portion of his share of theproceeds.Time was when one could driveinto the country and pick up a loadof farm products at a material savingover what was exacted for thejm intown. Dwellers in urban communities were proper objects of envy onthe part of less fortunate cityites.Now. all is changed. The pnan whoseeks to stretch the undersized dollarin this manner is given the apportunity of paying the farmer, at his owngate, the same price he would beasked in town. If the customer raisesever so slight a question, the dailynewspaper is brought out, and themarkets in the nearest big center arequoted. If the paper of that day orthe one just; previous is not availablethe telephone puts the producer intouch with a dealer in town, who furnishes the current figures. There isno haggling. It is a case of take orleave, for there will be other purchasers, because the producer nolonger suffers from the isolation thatexisted prior to the coming of- the automobile, the motor truck, goodroads, rural free delivery, the dailynewspaper and other agencies oflike value to him.Your agriculturists can quote themarket prices of the day before inevery large center in his part of tnecountry with a facility that wouldmake a commission merchant envious. And he gets those prices. Heis his own middleman and retailerwhen it comes to dealing with the individual. In common with everybody else,the producer of foodstuffs is en titledto all he can get for his wares. Butthe facts in the case, which can easily be established by anyone who hasany doubts, give rise to the beliefthat as against 'the ultimate consumer-theproducer is not so sorely oppressed as some of his class wouldhave us believe. Also, the very facilities for keeping in touch with theoutside world that have emancipatedthe agriculturist render it just thatmuch harder for the wage-earner tomake both ends jmeet.--oFORGER CLAIMS INVENTION OFWONDERFUL DEVICEWhile Grover Cleveland Jones, aself-confessed forger, is serving athree-year sentence in the penitentiary, at Jefferson City, Mo., a comrpany of Springfield citizens will manufacture several inventions of hiswhich he says will protect banks absolutely from burglaries and forgers.Jones first came into the limelightwhen he announced he had formed acompany to manufacture and marketan invention he has perfected for theprotection of banks against burglaries. The newest device that he hasevolved is designed to protect banking houses and other similar institutions from swindlers. The contrivance is a secret machine for takingphotographs and finger prints of suspects who may present bogus paperat a bank window for payment. The(machine operates at the will of thebank officials, but its operation istotally unknown to the suspect, who,according to Jones, can be photographed and fingerprinted withouthis knowledge."I am going to prove to the worldthat I have an invention of realmerit," said Jones. "As I am under athree-years' sentence I shall have totrust my invention to my partners,but when my time expires I shallreturn to Springfield, where both machines are to be manufactured. I expect to show to the world that Icannot only invent, but that I canlive straight."oDependability.The ability to be dependable gathers up all the flowers of virtue In thehuman soul and brings their essenceinto daily use. It turns the watchdog into a spiritual companion, andpaints the most humble heart withlines of beauty.Tillie Clinger says that the reasonshe left her last boarding place wasbecause the floors were so shaky sitecouldn't chew gum without jarringtue uuuse.WAR SAVINGS STAMP CAMPAIGNP0R SEPTEMBER.The Savings Division, War LoanOrganization of Kentucky, haslaunched a campaign for Septemberthroughout the State for the sale of$125,000 Treasury Savings Certificates. This is the quota that theEighth Federal Reserve District ofthe Treasury Department has allottedto Kentucky, and Savings officialshope to do even better with this allotment than they did with the onegiven thejm for the last two weeks ofAugust.The report of the sale of the Treasury Certificates shows that the public is beginning to see the greatvalue that can be obtained from thepurchase of these Government Securities. During the last two weeksof August the Treasury Departmentasked Kentucky to sell $66,000 inTreasury Certificates. The resultwas that the State went far ahead ofthe set quota selling $114,600 in theSecurities.Inquiries received by the Savingsir, , tno nfflnpc in th ColumbiaBuilding, Louisville, show that prospective buyers are keenly interestedin the offer made by the Government.These Treasury Savings Certificates are issued in denominations of$100 maturity value, and $1,000 andcan be bought at any postoffice, incorporated banks or trust companieswho are qualified agents of the second class for the sale of War Savings Stamps, series of 1919. TheCertificates are issued in registeredform only. They bear interest at4 per annu-m compounded quarterlyand mature January 1, 1924. Theyare redeemable prior to maturity after ten days' written demand andsurrender of the Certificates to theoffice of the Secretary of the Treasury. War Savings Certificates filledwith twenty War Saving Stamps,series of 1919, may be exchanged forTreasury Savings Certificates in thedenomination of $100 and ten suchWar Savings Certificates may be exchanged for Treasury Savings Certificates in the denomination of $1,000. Representatives of the SavingsDivision of Kentucky are now callingon the limit members of the Stateasking thepn to grasp the unusualopportunity and buy Savings Certificates. Reports received show theyare getting good results.This quota does not include the ordinary sale of War Savings Stampsand the indications point to the Statehaving a big sale of Certificates.DESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried them do so attonce. , - j ... j 3fi..?: ,U -- (adv-sept)BOON'S ILL FORTUNE."With Kentucky won Boone foundthat by one of the twists of law, theplot of ground he thought was hiswas not his at all," says WilliapnHeyliger in concluding an article on"Daniel Boone" in Boys' Life, the official magazine of the Boy Scout organization. "Almost like a penniless outcast he moved to Virginia, butwhen fresh tales came to him of landto the west of the Mississippi, thencalled Louisiana, his sixty-one yearsdid not deter him from risking afresh start. In 1795 he establishedhimself near the present city of St.Louis and took what he thought wasa deed to land; but in 1803, whenthis territory passed ,from Spain tothe United States, he found thisclaim worthless."But now the American peoplewere awakening to a relization ofwhat Boone's leadership in Kentuckyhad meant to the nation. Congressgranted hijm 850 acres of land. Therein the West, free from want, he passed his last days. Twenty-five yearsafter his death, his remains werebrought back to Kentucky. And inthe land he gave to civilization, hesleeps, this man who carried thetorch of civilization among a savagepeople and bared his chest to theshock of battle that its flame mightnot be extinguished."o"IT MUST HAVE BEEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUTDIDN'T SMELL.""Saw a big rat in our cellar lastFall," writes Mrs. Joanny, "andbought a 25c cake of RAT-SNAP,broke it up into small pieces. Lastweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat. Must have been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three sizes 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)FRANKFORT MAN HAS REMARKABLE VEGETABLE WONDERM. D. Coyle has growing in hisgarden on Clinton street, in Frankfort, a curiosity in the way of a vegetable, and a stranger in these parts.It is an Australian butter bean, orgigantic New Guinea butter bean.The vine is some forty or fifty feetin length and the beans it is bearingrun from six inches to two or threefeet in length and weigh from one tofifteen pounds. The beans are to becooked like an egg plant and one willfurnish a meal for a whole family.Mr. Coyle sent to California for theseed and they sent him six for a halfdollar. Should this variety of beanbecome popular as a diet, a good sizedtrellis will be necessary to accommodate the vines. , ..BAPTISTS REVERT SO OLD.vCTTS-TOM.It's old-fashioned to pray, did yousay?Well then the 3,000,000 Baptists inthe South plead guilty to the chargeof being old-fashioned for they believe in prayer prayer in thechurches, prayer around the familyaltar, and prayer in the places ofsecret devotion.Not all of them have fully practiced their belief as to prayer all thetime, heretofore, but propainent onthe program of the Baptist 75 Million Campaign for September is theplace given to prayer. This monthhas been designated as IntercessionMonth and through September andthe remainder of the campaign aswell, every Southern Baptist is urged to devote much time to earnestcommunion with God as a preparation for the work that will need toI be done to put the campaign over.While September 24 has been aesig-nated as a day of special prayer andpractical fasting throughout theSouthern States the people are askedto begin praying in earnest beforethat time and continue doing so afterward in order that they may beable to ascertain God's will for themin this campaign and then obey thatwill fully.Time was when it was popularlyconsidered proper to commune withGod at regular intervals.The restoration of prayer to aprominent place in the lives of Baptists and Christians generally is oneof the by-products which those identified with this campaign hope willresult from it.rOTOBACCO MEN ORGANIZE TOFIGHT TOBACCO CRUSADETobacco growers and buyers ofNorthern Kentucky plan action tocombat the crusade against tobaccoby the Anti-Tobacco League.W. D. Spalding, of Covington, a tobacco merchant, who called a meeting of tobacco men, on Monday, September 8, said the tobacco men intend to organize without further delay and fight the efforts of those behind the anti-tobacco movement.Growers, dealers, buyers and bank-jers are interested in the plan to prevent disaster to the tobacco trade,Mr. Spalding declared.Emmet Orr, formerly Deupty U. S.Marshal, is making a tour of the fifty-fourKentucky counties 'whichraise tobacco in the interest of tobacco merchants.Tobacco men, in planning their organization, point to the bill introduced in the last session of the General Assembly of Georgia to prohibitthe use of tobacco in that State andthe legislation against cigarettes in anumber of States,QRETAIL GROCERS ORDERED TOBEGIN CUTTING PRICESWhat was virtually an ultimatumwas given by officials of the Kentucky High Cost of Living .Committee, Saturday, to retail grocers, ordering them to begin slashing pricesunder penalty of being exposed asprofiteers. When the commissionpublished a list of fair prices a fewdays ago the retailers' defense wasthat wholesale prices in Louisvillekept retail prices up. The commission forthwith investigated andfound that wholesale prices were approximately the same in Louisvilleas in New York City, where retailprices are 15 per cent, lower, despiteheavier overhead expenses. Independent grocers outside the RetailGrocers' Association are now preparing a fair price list, at the request ofthe commission.oANTI-TOBACCO CAMPAIGN NOWThe Cynthiana Democrat has thefollowing, which is an indication ofwhat the "world reformers" areliable to do soon:"The State W. C. T. U. has openeda campaign against tobacco, cigarettes the first objective. The campaign for the present will be confined to education, but the next Legislature will be asked to pass a billprohibiting the manufacture and saleof cigarettes. Should this succeed,the next step will doubtless be theelimination of cigars and chewing tobacco, then the planting and sale ofthe weed. Think this is a pipedream? That's what you thoughtabout prohibition of intoxicatingliquors. If the people of Kentuckywant to save tobacco they must"show" the politicians, and lose notime about it."In the Leesburg correspondence ofThe Democrat is the following, whichfits in with the above:"Most of us voted dry and we aregetting it 'hot off the stick,' are wenot?"THE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any merchant can have is a satisfied customer. No greater recommedation canbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop. GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedyfor years and have always found thatit gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)oABSENT VOTERS MAY VOTE FORGOVERNOR.For the first time in the Novemberelection absent voters may vote inKentucky for Governor. Heretoforeballots have been prepared bycounty clerks ten days before theelection. In order to take care ofthe absent voters this work must nowbe done thirty, days before the election. Candidates must file their certificates of nomination with Secretary of State Lewis by September20 in order to get their names onthe ballot. . . - .. , -aLfcOVSBENOR BLACK ETO0RSJ3MEMORIAL BUILIHJK 1DAGovernor Black has given his endorsement of the proposal to erect onthe campus of the University of Kentucky, a Kentucky Memorial Building, as a tribute to the Kentuckianswho gave their lives in the war withGermany. The Governor has-writtento Campaign Manager W. E. Freeman, at Lexington, a letter expressing his approval of the idea in whichhe says:"Frankfort, August 18, 1919."Mr. W. E. Freeman, Campaign Manager, "Kentucky Memorial Building,"Lexington, Kentucky."My Dear Sir: I have your recent letter containing reference to aproposed building to be erected onthe campus of the University of Kentnckv. as a memorial to the Ken-tuckias who joined the fighting forces of our country in the late greatwar."The idea .is a happy one; the location for the memorial is ideal. Nocountry ever sent to war a soldieryof more intrepid courage, an army ofmore startling and valiant manhoodthan that which lately gave testimony of ready and unselfish loyaltyto the Stars and Stripes, and Kentucky should be doubly proud of hercontribution to that just and righteous cause."May the efforts of your committeebe untiring, and the assistance of allour citizens unstinting to tne end,that in that memorial building therejmay be embodied our spirit of thankfulness ana appreciation iui luudcwho, living and dead, offered andgave their all that the world mightbe made safe for Democracy, and thepeoples of the earth insured securityof right to that peace, prosperity andcontentment to which their labors,their yearnings and their hopes justly entitle them."Very respectfully,"JAMES D. BLACK, Governor.An OrdinanceProviding: for the Improvement ofFithian Avenue, in the City ofParis, by the Original Construction of Concrete Sidewalks inFront of the Property of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company, E. T. Rule, Mrs. MaryWalker, Mrs. L. R. Bramblet, J. J.Veatch, C. A. Daugherty Estate.'Clarence Plummer, John Chisholm,Mrs. R. M. Harris, James Daugherty and H. D. Shy, Pursuant toResolution Heretofore Adopted onJuly 10, 1919, and Published onJuly 15, 1919, at the ExclusiveCost of the Property Owners, andProviding for the Payment of theCost Thereof.1. BE IT ORDAINED, by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris that Fithian Avenue,a public street in the City of Paris,be improved by the construction ofconcrete pavements in front of theproperty of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, E. T. Rule,Mrs. Mary Walker, Mrs. L. R.Bramblet, J. J. Veatch, ClarencePlupnmer, John Chisholm, Mrs. R. M.Harris, James Daugherty and H. D.Shy, whose property abuts on saidstreet.2. That said pavements be madeof concrete, according to the plans,specifications and grades heretoforeadopted by the City of Paris, whichare on file in the office of the Clerkof the Board of Council.3. That said improvements bemade at the exclusive cost of theproperty owners.4. That the contract for makingsaid improvements be let to the lowest and best bidder, after advertisement for two consecutive weeks inthe official publications of the City ofParis; provided, however, that .anyone of said property owners may construct the pavement in front of his orher own property, provided sajme isdone within fifteen days from andafter the passage and publication ofthis ordinance as required by law.5. That the cost of said improvements be apportioned among andassessed upon the lots or parcels ofreal estate in front of which the sameis made in proportion to the abuttingfeet of same; and that a tax shall belevied upon such lots or parcels ofreal estate for the payment of thecosts assessed thereon, which taxshall be due and payable at the CityTreasurer's office upon the completionof the work and acceptance thereofby the Board of Council.6. If any of such tax, so apportioned and assessed, be not paidwithin thirty days after the same becomes due, there shall be addedthereto a penalty of ten per cent, ofthe amount "of tax; and there shall bea lien upon such lots or parcels ofreal estate for the part of the costsof such improvements so assessed,thereon; and the same shall bear interest at the srate of six per cent, perannum from 'the time of the assessment of said .tax until paid; provided, however, that said improvementsmay be made upon the ten-year payment plan as provided by law.7. This Ordinance shall have tworeadings before the Board of Council,and ten days shall intervene betweenthe first and second readings; andsame shall then become effective after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.AttestJ. -W. HAYDEN, Clerk.City Hall, Pris, Ky., Aug. 28, 1919.MAEWG GRAFT OUT OF "STATE'SOLDEST MA3T. -The old saying that "There aremore ways to kill a dog than bychoking him to death with butter,"can be amended to include man-vmethods of obtaining money withoutworking for it. For instanceUnder the pretense that the oldpnan was in debt and wanted to payore tne mortgage on nis mountainhome, several . men brought JohnShell, claiming to be the oldest manin the world, to Lexington, wherehe was exhibited at the Blue Gras3Fair just like any out-of-the-ordinaryshow freak, at fifteen cents per exhibit. The men took in money bythe bushel, even if there is no suchthing as the "oldest man" living, ora man really as old as John Shellclaims to be. The same stunt willbe gone through with at the StateFair at Louisville this week. At itsclose these .promotors will go homewith more money than theycould have hoped to obtain by hardwork, and John Shell will probablyget what the non-believer said aboutmissionary contributions: "Tne promotors get ninety-five per cent, andthe heathen will get the rest.". oPigeons have been 'known to fly600 miles in contfnuous flight in tenhours.Rooms For RentTwo rooms suitable for lighthousekeeping. Conveniently locatedin good neighborhood. Apply at thisoffice. (sept5-tf)FoundOn Main street, in Paris, a goldKnights Templar shirt stud. Ownercan obtain same by calling at THENEWS office, proving property andpaying advertising charges.FoundOn the Maysville pike, 1 milesfrom Paris, a pocketbook containinga sum of money some-receipts and oilstock certificates. Owner can havesame by proving property, payingcharges, etc. Apply toA. B. COLLINS,At Cumberland Telephone Office,Paris, Ky. (9-2)Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night. iS. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Census Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men and women) ;4,000 needed; $92 month; age, 18and upward; examinations everywhere soon; experience unnecessary.For free particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner), 945Equitable Building, Washington.(2-5t-pd)ilawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE.The Hawleieh Man.(8aug-tf3To the Farmers ofBourbon CountyFor the first time in 20 years wecan furnish you with No. 1 galvanized iron roof, at a less priceput on your buildings than a shingleroof would cost, and beside the protection of a roof of this kind is toyou from falling sparks and firebrands, your buildings are absolutelysafe from loss by lightning.We are putting in a supply of thebest grade of galvanized and paintedroofing and siding at the ECONOMYPAINT STORE, on South Main street,next door to the Paris Garage, andwill be glad to show you our goodsand give you prices on same.JAMES E. TEMPLIN.(2-4t-eot)WHISKY, WINE, BEERComplete formulas and instruc- vtions for making at home, rye whis- ,key, real beer and choicest wines, including making and operating homestill. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; post-office rules formulas may lawfully be -sent through mails. Sent on receiptof $1 check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales ofliquor formulas.BAI,TIKOBE rOEMULA COMPA1CYDepartment 78, Baltnaore, Md..U9-tf)4 $r&?r v I -VNXS i'rV5T3ESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1919.rasa bctoibo wws, jams, ieiwmli -rnrmrrrrrrrt' &iI WlraBOUEBON TEACTTFITtfr INSTITUTECLOSES BUSY SESSION.for Cleansing The Delicate Skin ofFace and Neck, Always UseMARINELLOLettuce CreamIt removes thfeliidden dirt and accu.mutation of waste matter better than soapand water. Prevents irritation and givesthe skin the natural glow of health.Used and recommended by more than3500 Beauty Shops.SAMPLE FREEML A. BATONPhone 1010516 Mainl'SCHOOLS TO CELEBBATE NATIONAL CONSTITUTION DAYThe celebration of September 17 asNational Constitution Day in cityand county schools throughout theState is urged in letters sent out byJ. Virgil Chapman, member for Kentucky of the National SecurityLeague. The campaign against unAmerican radicalism was begun several weeks ago by the league in association with other leading patrioticassociations of the country.Superintendent J. W. Ireland, ofFrankfort, who was named chairmanof the city superintendents in theSeventh Congressional District, andE. S. Land, of Irvine, chairman ofcounty superintendents, will aid Mr.Chapman in having school childrenget an appreciation of the constitution as an antidote for the menace ofradicalism.Lawyers, ministers and men accustomed to public speaking are asked to volunteer to county or citysuperintendents for service, andbulletins containing suggestions forprograms of observance of Constitution Day have been sent out fromheadquarters.Each city and town in the State isasked to observe the day in additionto the celebrations which it is proposed to have in the school. Suggestions for exercises and speakers willfurnished by representatives of theleague, and patriotic societies willco-operate.oSUMMING UP THE EVIDENCE.2Iany Paris People Have Been CalledAs Witnesses.Week after week has been published the testimony of Paris people kidney sufferers backache victims people who have enduredmany forms of kidney, bladder orurinary disorders. These witnesseshave used Doan's Kidney Pills. Allhave given their enthusiastic approval. It's the same everywhere.50,000 American men and women arepublicly recommending Doan's always in the home papers. Isn't it awonderful, convincing mass of p'roof ?If you are a sufferer your' verdictmust be "Try Doan's first."HerCs one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,says;- "Some years ago I found itnecessary to use a kidney remedy andas I had read about Doan's KidneyPills, I used them. They proved tobe satisfactory and permanently ridme of the complaint. I have goodreason to recommend Doan's KidneyPills and advise their use to anyonetroubled with a weak and lame "backor irregular passages of the kidneysecretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o"UNCLE BILL" SCHOOLER ON THEANXIOUS SEAT.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL."Uncle Bill" Schooler, now editorand publisher of the Comjmonwealth,a weekly paper published at Somerset, Ky., frankly tells his readers ina recent issue that he is undecidedwhether to continue the harassed existence of a country publisher or taketo the open road as a common tramp.His conclusions are set down in aneditorial in which he tells an "unappreciative public" that if he neverwrites another line for his paper theycan draw their own conclusions as towhat happened. Regarding a tramphe met on the "open highway," hewrites:"The price of gasoline has.no terrors for him. He doesn't have totake a bath unless he wants to. Hecan be his own lazy, independentself, while we must keep up the eternal bluff.""MILLPEED PRICE RISESBOOST H. C. L.TOAn increase in the price of eggs,butter and milk is presaged by thetwenty-five cent increase in the priceof mill feed, which took effect Saturday, according to a prominent farmerin this section. Corn and wheat feedis now selling at $3 on the hundredpounds, and is the cheapest feedavailable for chickens and stock, hesaid.The fact that the principal foodfor dairy Stock now costs $60 a ton,which could once be bought for $15,3s certain to raise the price of milkand butter, he said. Last year millfeed could be bought for $1.35; itwas later increased to $1.80, and for. time before the increase of Saturday sold for $2.75.Unless there is a very late autuannreason, very good rains will not save"the crops, in the opinion of farmers,-wfco'&ee more and more "hard times"Tforf themselves im the increasing expremse of stock feed.The annual meeting of the Bourbon County Teachers' Institute convened Monday morning, Sept. 8, atthe Y. M. C. A. gymnasium, and continued until Friday afternoon.The Institute was ably conductedby Prof. C. A. Keith, a young educator of pleasing personality and splendid attainments. He is a Rhodesscholarship man and a graduate ofOxford University, England.At present he is an instructor atthe Richmond Normal School, andhas been conducting institutes during vacation, this being the eleventh.The attendance upon the openingday was good and was maintainedduring all the sessions, interest neverflagging for one hour.At the first session, the devotionalexercises were conducted by Mr. C.B. Harrison, secretary of the Y. M.C. A.Mrs. Orpha Scott Bell was chosensecretary, and the following committees were appointed:Resolutions C. R. Bush, MissMabel Wasson, Mrs. Boston, Miss Isabel Merrimee and Miss Nora Houston.Prograjm B. M. Roberts, MissesNannie Clarke and Elizabeth Donnell. Music Mrs. Boston, Misses Mildred Bruce and Mary Ellett.After the organization had beeneffected, Prof. Keith addressed theteachers on, "Our Opportunity andResponsibility in the Great Work ofReconstruction."At the afternoon session, Miss Dalton, representing the Southern SchoolJournal, was introduced, and spoketo the teachers on "The Managementof Children, and after an intermission, .she again spoke on the "Doand Don't qualities of children. Tuesday mornirig the exercises wereopened with a musical program conducted by Mrs. Boston and MissBruce, both of Millersburg. Prof. B.M. Roberts, Principal of the GradedSchool at Little Rock, led the devotional exercises.Mr. Chas. P. Weaver, of Louisville,a former prominent club woman andPresident of the State Federation ofWomen's Clubs, now representing theKentucky Children's Home, made astrong appeal for "a square deal foreach child in Kentucky." Prof.Keith then addressed the teacherson "Environment and Heredity."At the afternoon session, MissMartha Rogers, of Detroit, and Mr.A. L. Boatright gave jmusical selections.Mr. Johnson gave a talk on the"Easy Road to Reading," followed bya discussion on the subject of Reading. wWednesday morning, Mrs. Warrington, of Louisville, made a strongplea for the eradication of illiteracyin Kentucky, presenting the good accomplished by the Moonlight Schoolsoriginated hy Mrs. Cora WilsonStuart.Prof. Elliott, representing the publishing company of Ginn & Co., addressed the teachers, making a comparison between the educational systems of Indiana and Kentucky.Prof. Roherts followed with a shorttalk on "Culture," and Prof. Keithgave his morning talk along practical lines.Mr. Harrison, the "Y" Secretary,gave a demonstration of games suitable for school playgrounds.On Thursday morning Prof. Keithmade a fine address, which was replete with good suggestions and practical thoughts. During his talk heproposed the organization of aCounty Federation of Schools, following the example of a number ofother counties.Mr. Sugg, a representative of theRand-McNally Publishing Company,was the next speaker. He was followed by Miss Olivia Orr, of Paris,Chairman of the Junior Red Crosswork, who presented her work andrecommended an auxiliary in eachschool district.Mr. Lally, a visiting examiner,Mr. Gheres. representing theWinston Readers, and Mr. O'Daniel,representing the Child World Readers, each addressed the teachersThursdav afternoon. Miss Dalton Ispoke again on the Illiteracy Campaign, urging the help and co-operationof the teachers.Friday" morning, Prof. Keith presented a suitable constitution for theproposed Federation. The teachersvoted unanimously to organize aFederation, the object being tobring the teachers and all interestedin educational work into a closerunion.The Institute adjourned Friday afternoon after a most pleasant andprofitable session.The following teachers enrolledMonday and faithfully attended thesessions of the Institute:Mrs. Eva Adams, Miss Alice Bell,Miss Marietta Bell, Mrs. Orpah S.Bell, Miss Louise Benthal, Miss AdaBivins, Mrs. Mary S. Boston, Mrs. J.A. Bowles. Miss Mildred Bruce, Mrs.Frank P. Bedford, Mr. Charlton R.Bush, Miss Margaret Calnan, MissNannie Clarke, Miss Elizabeth Clayton, Miss Annie R. Clay, Miss FrankieCrouch, Miss Lina Crowe, Mr. JohnL. Crain, Prof. E. M. Costello, MissElizabeth Donnell, Miss JosephineDetwiller, Miss Mary Ellett, Prof.Ellett, Miss Katherine Florence, MissPrincia Gaines, Miss Elizabeth Hudnall, Miss Nosa Hutson, Miss LinnaJordan, Miss Hazel K. Kerr, MissMinnie S. Kiser, Miss Jane Leach,Miss Jennie M. Link, Miss IsabelleMerrimee, Miss Ethel McKinney, MissAllie McLeod, Miss Nancy Owen,Miss Ollie Prather, Prof. B. M. Roberts, Miss Mary Ross, Miss Sallie B.Squires, Miss Bess Sweeney, MissElvira Smith, Miss Jessie Smith,Miss Delia Tinder, Miss Miss Gertrude Terrell, Mrs. Birdie C. Webb,Miss Mabel Wasson.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Hensel Margolen is atFranch Lick Springs, Indiana, for anextended stay.Miss Edith Stivers has resumedher position as teacher in the HighSchool at Ashland.Mr. and Mrs. Charles May haveleased and jmoved into the residenceof Mrs. Harmon Stitt, on Twelfthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. H. Houstonand Mr. Eli Current have returned.from a visit to relatives and friendsin Clay City.Miss Nettie Elliott has returnedto her home in Nicholasville, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. John Wright,near this city.Mrs. J. B. Beall and daughterhave returned to their home in Atlanta, Ga., after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Wilder, in this city.Mrs. Douglas L. Armstrong, ofChicago, was a guest of her sister,Mrs. Julian Howe, on Mt. Airy avenue, f ropn Friday until Sunday.Mrs; J. M. Williams, wife ofDr. J. M. Williams, is undergoingmedical treatment in a Louisvillehospital, where she is improvingsteadily.Mrs. Thos. Kennedy and sons,Jos Harlan Kennedy and J. T. Kennedy, Jr., of Winchester, are guestsat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Stivers.Mr. F. R. Witte, of Kansas City,Mo., arrived yesterday to joinhiswife, who is a guest at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. J.Cain, on Eighth street.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned to his duties at CincinnatiGeneral Hospital, after a visit to hisfather Dr. John T. Brown, and Mrs.Brown, in this city.Mr. Edward Warren Young, ofOklahoma City, Okla., en route toChicago to resume his studies at theUniversity of Illinois, came to Parisfor a week-end visit to his aunt, MissTillie Jaynes.Mrs. Abram Renick, Mrs. JamesPoynter, Mrs. T. C. Robinson andMrs. C. H. Reese, of of Winchester,were guests recently of Mrs. H.Hutchcraft Hill, at her home onEast Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. Garrett Jeffersonand Mrs. Maria Blake and little son,Billy, have moved from Cypress streetto the home on Main street, betweenTenth and Eleventh, recently purchased by Mrs. H. D. Campbell.Mrs. J. G. Taylor and granddaughter, Miss Sarah Taylor have returned to their home in Fort Scott,Kansas, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Louis Taylor, Mr. William Taylorand other relatives in this city andcounty.Mr. Charles Bashford has returned to his home in Davenport, Iowa.Mr. Bashford, accompanied by MissMary Bashford and Master EdwardPrichard, Jr., visited his uncle, Mr.Jacob Bashford and family, nearFrankfort, before returning home.Mr. Preston White has returnedfrom Cleveland, Ohio, where he spentthe summer in the employ of a largeautomobile manufacturing concern.Mr. White is at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. White.He will re-enter the University ofKentucky for the fall term, and willgraduate at the institution in June.Mr. John Price, son of Mr. andMrs. Lee Price, of this city, expectsto leave soon for Madison, Wis.,where he will be a member of thefaculty of the University of Wisconsin this season. He has for severalyears been a member of the facultiesat Center College, in Danville, andthe University of Kentucky, at Lexington. Glen Iris, the attractive home ofMrs. John Stuart Roberts, was thescene of a brilliant social gatheringon Thursday afternoon. Invitationshad been issued to more than twoJohn y hundred friends in this and theneighboring counties, and judgingfrojm the number present Very fewregrets were received. Mrs. Robertsand her lovely young daughter, MissMargaret Ferguson, received theirfriends in the handsome drawingroom on the right of the long hallinto which it opened with largeFrench doors. Standing with Mrs.MICKIE SAYSCMOCC) TttS S YAfc.BtfcNK?SWA.ME NEWS ITEM FOR.THE. P&P9R.. " MR. NHOO"ZS,WHO UNJES TEN NMLES FBfAWERE AND WAS M.VM&NS-TRADED VN ANOTWERTONNN,VM AS N OUR CrfN TOD AN ANDPURCHASED A $00 BU. OFGOODS AT BLANKS STORE.,AND VMAS SO MEU PLEAS&OTVAVf HE ANNOUNCED WIS-NTENTON OF TRADING- NTHS ClfN HEREAFTER SO HECAN AMAL HlhASE.F OF THEHIGH GRADE GOODS AND FNfMAUUES AT BLANKS." NOARGE, SUPPOSE, FORNEWS TEtASCHJfoe-frj r-.v.7 ( .. .-. . T "i e. i i i trail NUu , l l1 JEST wait Till guess mcyt )(the boss sees ' jWhat "news ) .1LUKE McLUKE FORMINGBUG SYNDICATE"JAG(Luke McLuke, In Cincinnati Enquirer) The Jag Bug Syndicate is now inprocess of formation and you shouldget in on the ground floor whileshares are to be had. This is thegreatest money-making plan, everconceived, and our- shareholders willall be jmillionaires within a fewmonths. The Jag Bug is an insectfound in Curacoa. The bite of thisinsect has a peculiar effect on thehuman system. It produces the sameeffect as a drink of whisky. A halfdozen bites affords a nice genteelbun. There is nothing in the Prohibition law prohibiting the importation or use of the Jag Bug. Thissyndicate will ship a load of JagBugs to this country and breed theJag Bugs for selling purposes. It willcost ten cents to export a healthypair of Jag Bugs to this country andbreed them. The offspring willbring any price we demand, say 10each. Any man with $10 can buy aJag Bug and let the insect bite himwhen he gets up in the morning.The effect is the same as an "eyeopener." Before dinner he can letthe Jag Bug bite hijm, and the effectwill be the same as a cocktail. Anytime the man needs a little pep hecan let his Jag Bug take a bite.And, if he desires a mild jag, he canlet the Jag Bug bite him severaltimes. Think of the possibilities!The Jag Bug has solved the Prohibition Problem! Every household willhave a Jag Bug! What is home without a Jag Bug! An empty cellar willhave no terrors with a Jag Bug onthe premises. Buy your stock nowbefore it is too late! Stock is nowselling at $100 a share! It will soonbe worth $100,000 a share! Opportunity is knocking! Open the doorand the way to fortune! Buy stocknow!o :READ WHAT U. S. DEPARTMENTOP AGRICLUTURE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN BO.nmnHHiHniMMHiiininuiiimiMThe J. T. Hinton Co. fUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36NiKht s . . 5&or HomeMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with tw tLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.HlllHMlMHinnMlH?HHMMMMIffliAccording to government figures,two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,482 .individual rats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. PAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing with otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno spnell. Cats or dogs won't touchit Sold and guaranteed by theFanners Supply Co,(adv-sept)i , oIIgggS4gg5g5Il-5-g--eg5Sg51fCoal Coal Coal, Have You Talked WithCOLLIER BROSAbout Your Winter Coal?Cumberland Phone 397Home Phone 257Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseyMfWnraagJMJEgggggggrF9lfete;3eif -.aygSjgljgai2iwwTfmt?rRoberts and MissVperWaoT were MAYBE THIS TOX HIT PARISCANTBILL TO OPEN STATE CAMPAIGN AT WINCHESTERRepresentative J. Campbell Cantrill, of the Seventh Kentucky District, has accepted an invitation toopen the State campaign at Winchester, September 22, and will leaverWashington the last of this week to(spend a day or two in Kentucky.Mrs. C. G. Daugherty, Mrs. ThompsonTarr, Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., andMrs. Henry Judy, all in handsomeafternoon gowns. Mrs. FrederickWallis, Miss McGowan, of New York,Mrs. Duncan Bell, Miss Kate Alexander, Miss Mamie Holliday, Mrs.Frank Clay, Mrs. Edw. Prichard andMiss Ollie Butler assisted Mrs. Robefts in entertaining the guests, whileMiss Irene Butler, and Miss JuliaButler, of Atlanta, Ga., presided atthe punch table. The dining roomhas been newly decorated, and showsMrs. Roberts' exquisite taste in everyline, as does the entire house. Theflowers in the dining-room were deeppink roses, and the table held asuperb silver basket filled with thesame flower. The guests were served a tempting plate of fruit salad,beaten biscuit, a cup of preamedchicken, sandwiches of all kinds, awater ice and Jmints and nuts.. Allduring the afternoon an orchestradelighted those present with achoice program of modern music, butoccasionally an old favorite wouldcreep in, and "M'lle Modiste" and"The Golden Butteruy" called forthmany exclamations of pleasure.From three until six there was asteady stream of automobiles comingand going, and only the lengtheningshadows warned the late comers thatall good times, must come to an end.Mrs. Roberts had guests fromGeorgetown, Lexington, Winchesterand Frankfort, as well as Paris.Thus is another star added to Bourbon's crown of social success.(Other Personals on Page 5)oExplanation.Too were a very long time goingen that-errand, Tommle." "Yes, mother; but, you see, I'm entered in arace at school tomorrow and I wantedt save my speed." Pearson's Weekly.There has to-be three strikes before a baeball player is called out.'SOON.Broadway, New York, has been hitby a new plague prohibition hives.Doctors blame them on prohibition,claijming excess of citrus acid in lemonade is no doubt responsible. Inthe old days men slaked their thirston a hot day with beer, a julep or along Tom Collins now they drinklemonade. As a result it is not unusual to see some .dignified gentleman suddenly stop, back up againsta post and do a setting up exercise.One effect of the late war that madethe world safe for the late democracy was to train our young American manhood to scratch. Now theold and young are scratching onBroadway. 'A hive victim dashedinto the foyer of a hotel the otherday, grabbed a cactus plant and ranout scratching his back with it. Andyou can see" a thousand Broadwayitesany day standing with one armacress their chest in a Napoleonicfashion. Gather up closely and onefinds they are scratching.o"I SPENT A $1 ON RAT-SNAP ANDSAVED THE PRICE OF A HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with rats to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid' of rats. Spent $1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Co.(adv-sept), o-Another reason why a grown manwho wears Buster 'Brown hair isn'tmuch respected . is because folksTHE UNIVERSAL CAR'.The Ford Sedan is the favorite family car,seats five comfortably. While an enclosed car 1with permanent top, it has large windows, and jmay in a minutebe changed to a most delightful open car with always a top protectingagainst the sun. In inclement weather it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof cold-proof.Finely upholstered. Equipped with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3 -inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?The delights oi the electric. car with the economy of theFord.jvfATE BAN)mRuggles Motor Co.16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.-K!:n i . " iKGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.IIA MAN AND HIS WIFE8 may both derive saii3factienby having their worn nd -soiled'garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old -clothes -that-havethe appearance-of new,irconjunction wHh'the' knowledgetHat you are effecting- a . grtail;j ving, must -surety -satisfy -yetuJ A j)hone 'brings ua.wsqil jjLLEVY: THE DRY O'EANFthink he permits the liarbera to -play ,j ' - . An -, m -a, practical joke on him. , Cumberland Phoe 40. Horn Pbma 16i.Ay-' yas& fotm- fjr;THE BOUBBOJf HEWS,, 11X8, SEftTtfCdtfTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 11$if. j,j'v , - -"IBEAL PROSPERITY.CENSUS SUPERVISOE TO LOCATEUS' IEXm&TON.Real prosperity consists in "producing an abundance for everybody andsnaking good use of it. To consumeit all would be extravagance. 'Toconsume a reasonable amount andsave tbe rest so as to accumulatecapital to employ people and so increase their comfort would be thebest possible use of tie resources atour comtoiand.This is the meaning of tbe Thrift"program which the Government hasinaugurated and of the organizationof Savings Societies throughout thecountry.It is said to be a fact that after allgreat wars there is a period of Extravagance at the very time whenthere is the great need for industryand economy to repair the frightfullosses caused by the war. The Government is trying to overcome thistendency "by the organization of Savings Securities.At the same time it has startedthrough the Department of Labor toencourage home owning arid homebuilding. This is an important formof Thrift. To accumulate the "nestegg" for a home building fund or forany otter good purpose, there is nomedium of accumulation so convenient as the "War Savings Stamp,which increases in value each month.Joe Morris, recent secretary to Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, whohas been appointed supervisor of thecensus for the Seventh Congressionaldistrict, will have headquarters onthe second floor of the governmentbuilding, at Lexington,, in rooms occupied by officials of the Seventh Internal Revenue District until August1st.Mr. Morris wrote PostmasterMoses Kaufman, custodian of -thehuilding, recently, that he would prefer to have his headquarters in Lexington. Postmaster Kaufman immediatelyoffered him three rooms in the building. Mr. Morris will spendgreater part of his time at his headquarters, and will send out hisclerks to the various counties in thedistrict. He expects to take up hisresidence in Lexington very soon ifthe offer of Postmaster Kaufman isapproved by census officials at Washington. oNEVER WAS THE LIKE.The old-fashioned provident manwho didn t depend on the packersSpeaking of easy pickings, the eas-ior Tils meat now has a son who looks ! iest picking we know of is pickingto somebody else for everything.Never before was there ever seenin Paris such a liondsome display ofmillinery goods as we have now. Theladies of Bourbon and adjoiningcounties are asked to call and seethis nobby, neat and newest displaypoems in millinery at our- store.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.vU2-tf)oThe six-roopn cottage on Pleasantstreet, belonging to Mr Wm. S. Dale,of Harris & Dale, was sold at public auction, Saturday, by the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes. Thecottage was purchased by Mr. LouisWollstein for $2,525.Mr. Fayette Ardery has sold hishome on Houston avenue, to Mr. andMrs. Watson Judy, at a price not reported. Possession will be given onMarch 1, 1920, when the purchaserswill move to the property. Mr. andMrs. Ardery will .move to the Shipptheproperty in South Paris, which theypurcnaseu some time ago.Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofthe real estate firm of Harris &Speakes, conducted the public sale,Thursday, of the Wm. H. Whaleyfarm, located in this county, betweenMuir and Hutchison. The farm,containing 207 acres, was purchasedby John W. Dawson, of Spencercounty, for $240 an acre, or a total of$50,000. Mr. Whaley bought thefarm about a year ago from John T.Hedges, of Paris, for $200 an, acre.The purchaser will be given possession on March 1, 1920.flaws.PUBLIC RENTINGOPBLUE GRASS FARM LAND !ONSaturday, September 20, 19191,272 acres of land owned by Mrs. Mary Harris Clay and C. M. Clay,located on. 'the Winchester pike, 3 miies from Paris, will be rentedpublicly at the' Court House door in Paris, Ky., on Saturday, September 20, 1319, at 2:00 o'clock, p. m.51& acres of tobacco, 294 acres of orn, and 145 acres of wheat, thebalance grass land. Twenty-five acres of tobacco to be freshly broken upfrom old sod field. The rest of tobacco land was cultivated in tobacco Jor the first time this year. . .135 acres of the land to be put in corn is to be broken up out of sod.Six tenant houses and six tobacco ibarns on the farms; also concretesilo and sfeed barn.Prospective renters may inspect the 'place at any time. The farmswill be Tented as a whole.The contract for the renting will be read before the sale and the -conditionsm full made known at that time.The farms will be rented for one year. 'Possession given on March. 1,IForfBrther particulars calLCUMBERLAND PHONE 118, or, jiI 7 HOME PHONE 2018, Paris, Ky.Jeo. -D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(15-1) . y;ysEEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSONE SUSPECT ARRESTED IN ROBBERY CASE.One of the suspects, a one-armedman, who is suspected of having beenimplicated in the robbery of theMitchell & Blakemore clothing storein this city, last Wednesday night,is being held by the police of Covington, where he was arrested lastFriday. He will probably be turnedover to the Paris authorities in afew days. .Beyond this there hasbeen nothing new developed in thecase.Chief of Police Link and Mr. Wallace Mitchell, of the firm of Mitchell& Blakemore, returned fro jmLouiaville, where they got on the trail ofsome of the stolen goods. Theybrought with them three suits caseswhich were taken from the store bythe burglars. The suit cases werepacked to their fullest capacity withsuits of clothes, stick pins, collarbuttons, cuff . buttons, shoes, thewhole totalling over $300 in value.The goods had been checked out ofLatonia to Louisville, but the burglars evidently became suspiciousand failed to call for them at the station.BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.HOSPITAL INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE HOLDING SESSIONSBourbon county farmers are verybusy with fall plowing, and theground is working nicely, due tobeing without much moisture. Tobacco is going into the barns fast.The farmers are greatly encouragedover the report that good tobacco isselling on the Carolina markets ashigh as a year ago. There is muchlate tobacco in the fields throughoutthe county that is ripening slowly.The usual apprehension of an earlyfrost still exists, and the growersare rushing the cutting and housingof their crops.The corn is maturing rapidly andsome of the early planting has beencut. Kershaws and punjmpkins areon the market. The seeding of ryeand barley is in progress for earlygrazing. The lack of green grass inthe pastures has caused the supply ofmilk and cream to diminish, with acorresponding advance in prices ofthe cream.The livestock market is still in anunsettled condition, arid the farmejsare uncertain what to do fo rnextyear. It has been customary for thelivestock men to lay in their supplyof stackers, but the farmers are loathto buy now and are holding off themarket. The decline in cattle priceshas affected the feeder as well as theUU1SUCU BICCIO. IPastures are drying up for lack of j 5quence, will be rather light. Many JfnuiHn A - J-kSS. 3 -v T-Vt1 -W-TTrt 4-V t Itheir stock a considerable distance,the streajms and ponds being dry inmany sections. Gardens have been tbadly crippled by the drouth, andvegetables are scarce and high in. . . . . ..... iprice. Tne late potato crop, line tnefirst one, is now reported to be almost a failure due to the dry weatherAll late vegetables have sufferedgreatly.The land boom seems to be holding Iup well. Sales of farms and tractsare of frequent occurrence in thecounty and high prices rule. Somefarmers are becoming pessimisticabout high land prices and the holding off purchasing land, fearing areturn of war prices for the produceof the farm within a short tipne.BIG SNAKE CAPTUBia)A big snake which escaped fromthe carnival grounds last Saturdaynight, made its way up Parrish avenue and found a hojme under thefront steps at the risednce of Mr.Max Metzger. The presence of thereptile created a panic in the neighborhood until is was hunted outand killed by Mr. Pete Terry. Thehonor of killing the snake was afforded to a Link avenue girl, whoarmed herself with a hoe, bravelyproceeded to the spot and thencalled Mr. Terry to carry out hercontract. "'Natal is expected to break is sugar producing record this year withan output exceeding 140,000 tons.As a general thing, when a manwears diamonds and, his wife doesn't,it looks like she married for a home.ALL WASTED.A young man in charge of a newlyplatted realty tract, upon which theonly building was the office of thecompany, upon seeing the first person,to enter the door, hastily took downthe telephone receiver and commenced: "Yes, sir, I think we agree on.those terms. Thirty lots in one parcel and twenty in another. Yes, sir;the price is satisfactory $30,000 atthe transfer and the remainder lasixty days. Did you say I couldmeet you in the morning at 9 o'cloclcand receive your check for $10,000as the initial payment? Very well,sir."Hanging up the receiver, this busyperson turned to the man who hadentered the office."Naw, not a thing," returned thevisitor. "I have just come to connect up yer telephone, that's all."mtniiMitnittmitttttttfti 71 III MM M lilt I M AN V Ii lH.iKMiy limLimiics: imiiiiiw nifff Hiiivifi iiAdministrator's SaleOPThe committee appointed by theCity Council to investigate the general management and condition ofthe Massie Hospital, are holding sessions in the Mayor's office, First National Bank building, from 9 to 12and 2 to 5, Thursday, Friday andSaturady of this week. Those having complaints to make or improvements to suggest and those who wishto make any statements favorable tothe hospital, are asked to come tothe Mayor's office during thosehours.The committee must depend uponthe co-operation of the public in order to make a fair investigation..The hospital can be benefited bytalking to the committee and to noone else.(Signed)HELEN HUTCHCRAFT,MARY K. STONE,MAUDE KENNEY,Committee.oY. M. C. A. PLANS GET-TOGETHERMEETING.Farm, Live Stock, Farm Implements andHiwuehold and Kitchen Furniture of theLate W. J. Kiser, onLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)You are thinking of buying one this year, yet youare undecided just which one to buy. Come in to-dayand let us solve this problem for you.We now have on display in our store the TalkingMachine that will suit you in price, quality and tone.We Have the Exclusive AgencyFor TheDALIOIN,CRESCENTOLAandPATHEMachines.Each of these machines has a distinctive feature,different from any other machine. They all play anymake of records.Come in to-day and hear these different machines, seewhat you are buying, select the one that you like bestWe will take pleasure in showing you these machinesand explaining the qualities of each.If you are going to jbuy a Talking machine forCHRISTMAS it is not too early to make your selectionnow. By doing so you will not be disappointed in gettingyour machine on time.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.fc-S?,Wednesday, Sept. 24, 1919,AT 10 O'CLOCK, A. M,,sZ.E9HOn the premises on the Clintonville pike, one mile from Paris. Farm consists of 16 acres of splendid land, five-room cottage, cistern, meat house,coal house, stock barn, hen house tenant house, and is well watered and'.fenced. Natural gas mains runs by this property:The live stock, implements, etc., are as follows:1 sorrel mare, 9 years old;1 bay mare, 6-years-old;1 -yearling horse colt;1 thoroughbred Jersey Bull;2 thoroughbred Jersey Cows, 7'years old;2 thoroughbred Jersey cows, 5years old;X thoroughbred Jersey Cow, 2years old, calf by Tier side;1 Duroc Jersey Sow and 8 pigs;9 Duroc Jersey Shoats, weight 75pounds; .1 Duroc Jersey Sow to farrow inNovejnoher;1 Duroc Jersey Boar;1 mare mule, 3 years old;1 Jersey Heifer, to calve in Janujtry; 1 Jersey Heifer, to calve in Spring;1 2-horse wagon, and'frame;1 JLvery Cultivator,; .1 Gutting Harrowr1 peering- Mower; t ,1 2-fcorse hay rake;1 top buggy; . .2 Breaking Plows;1 tobacco plow; '1 9 -barrel galvanized Water tank;1 hog scalding box;1 corn sheller;1 cutting box;2 sets wagon gear;1 set buggy harness;1 55-gallon gasoline tank;1 24-foot Tarpaulin; .3 5-gallon milk cans:1 block and tackle; '1 set hobbles;2 ricks timothy hay;Half interest in 3 acres -corn Infield;2 mowing scythes, pitchforks andhoes;2 iron kettles;1 American Cream Separator.Household and kitchen furnitureand other things too numerous tomention. -The men of the Y. M. C. A. dormitory are planning for a big stagand get-to-gether on Tuesday night.Music and games are being arrangedfor by the comjmittee. The featuresof the program attracting the mostattention among the men themselvesare the stunts to be put on by themen. The committee to give a prizeto one putting on the best stunt. Abooby prize also will be given for theman at the other end of the line.Some of the best "judicial" talentof the county has agreed to act asjudges in the contest. NFollowing the "obituary" to Mr.Day, Mr. W. O. Hinton, president ofthe association, will- make a shortspeech then the "eats."Messrs. Griffin, Williamson andBratton are on the main commfttee,and Messrs. Wadell, Day and Y. H.Harrison have charge of the performing animals."5C. & K.Hats$6.00Other Hats$2.50 to $5KnoxHats$7.00Other Hats$2.50 to $5STREET-CONSTRUCTIONCEEDING.PRO-k im;miwwwwi wtTKRMS Made known on -day of sale. 'The work of putting down the newconcrete street on Main from Fourteenth street to Twentieth, whichwas begun some dys ago by thecontractors, is proceeding .rapidlyThe work is being done partly atnight, the city's road roller goingover the the work and putting onthe finishing touches the followingday. It is said that the work willbe completed in time to accommodatethe heavy traftlc expected on MainBtreet when the tobacco warehousesopen for the season. This street hasbeen in bad condition for some time.oBREAKS ARM.Where Young Men FindThe New StylesWe call this a Yo'ung Men's Store. We want the young men to look on ijfc as theirs-aplace where they'll find up-to-the-minute styles, new fabrics, pldhty to choose from andour assistance in making their choice. 'Waist Seam Models HeadThe ListThe new waist-seam models are the favorites this Fall, and the young men are buyingthem and they say they like the way they fit. You'll find the new unes here-the finest tobe had. You'll find all-wool clothes here there's no better way to get style that will staystylish than to insist on all-wool. We'll be glad to show you these new models in thelatest fabrics, colorings and patterns, Good values always$20.00 to $50.00ERAMTP. E36ER,. ,- . Administrator W. J Kiser.3a 'D.- SPBAKESft Auctioneer. -v ? J ; -; f ?1 will take pleasure in showing 4his --property toWhile assisting in housing a cropof tobacco near North. Middletown,Saturday, James Kennedy, a1 farmerof tha precinct, fell froma tier railto the ground, breaklrighis ami:He was removed. ,to his liome, whereThe Newest FurnishingsA new suit usually means a new hat, a fresh tie or shirt to complete the outfit Whatever it is you need you'll find is ready for you with style that combines style andquality.R7th and Main,fotiP, WALSHOne-Pric Store . yPpri Ky.'N&.i,'thejbrdke'nnitmher was given me4ilni M , vl-lf-2S&Yt?rfc!.VHU ,t. .,i-V-! Vti-&'tT'V ''tjrJrbjK..1sWllhSr...v.?5 n.iV&-.. .. .v, -v -. ,tTUBSDAY.'SEPTEMBER 16; 1919SHE B0UBBOH HEWS ' P AMSi 'IfclfTtKlLS, r--t,fA6EnnI rij1FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andSet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf). oTHE KENTUCKY FUTURITYThe Kentucky Futurity will be raced at Lexington, September 30.(16-19)oESCAPED INMATE ARRESTEDGeorge Mack, colored, aged thirteen, who escaped from the State Reform School at Greendale severaldays ago at the same time with eightothers, was arrested in Paris by Patrolman George Judy. He was returned to the Reform School incharge of one of the officials.PLAGUE OF MOSQUITOES.A plague of mospuitoes has swooped down on Paris. Complaints aremade from different sections of thecity regarding the visitations of thepests. Their appearance is probablydue to the dry weather. Peopleshould examine their premises andempty all buckets, rain barrels orold cans or other receptacles containing stagnant water. ' Many claimthe mosquitoes are of a different variety than those of former years, inthat they do not seem to "sing" asloud as usual. But the sting is justthe sajme.oTHE NEWEST AND FRESHESTJust in, and more coming, fromthe chief millinery producing centersof the United States, an imposing andpleasing array of the latest creationsof the milliner's art. Designed andproduced by artists. Call and seethem.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)COUNTY STUDENTS TO PAY TUITION IN CITY SCHOOLSPupils wh have completed theeighth grade in the rural schoolsmust attend the county high schoolsif they desire free tuition. Under thelaw they cannot enter city highschools1 without paying tuition.This opinion was given CountySchool Superintendent L. D. Stuckerby Attorney General Charles Morris.The Attorney General holds that thecounty has made arrangements fortwo years of high school, and as aresult is not in a position to pay tuition of pupils who desire to ntercity high schools.PATRIOTIC MEETING AT COURTTTnTTCf TTTPTlirPOfliVtiIn accordance with the proclamation issued by Gov. Black, designating Wednesday, September 17, as"Constitution Day.,, there will be amass pieeting of the citizens of Parisand the county, to be held at thecourt house, at 3:30 o'clock.The meeting will be addressed byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, and others Aspecial musical program will be rendered by the Community Chorus.Everybody is invited and urged to attend this meeting, which will be aninteresting and inspiring one.r 7-NEW TvTTTJJNERY GOODS.The fall season is close at handwhen the newest, creations in feminine headwear is the "almost all-absorbing"topic. We have new andtasty designs in millinery thenewest and freshest arriving everyday. Call and see them.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)t oFire, Wind and t-ightnlngInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan-QPARIS PASTOR FINDS DISTRESSING CONDITIONS IN BELGIUMRev. Father Eusrene DeBruyn, pastor of the Church of the Annunciation in this city, who returned to hisold home in Belgium two mouths ago.to visit his mother and brothers, andto look after his property there, haswritten Bishop Brossart, of this diocese, that he found conditions suchthat it will be impossible for hljmin rpturn tn this rnntltrV for SOmetime.He said that he did pot expect thePairs pastorate to be held for him,but was willing to be located wherever the Bishop may send, him.Father-DeBruyn found on his aUrivalhome most of his property had beendestroyed and.his two brothers were"badly, crip pte4 from wounds receivedin thewar. He stated'-that the country is j such. a. frightful conditionthat '.Br atoaart regrets 'aayingrmaaeSOCIAL Aim PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of Our. People Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. M. Hall is ill at her homeon Duncan avenue.Mrs Chalrton Alexander is theguest of Mrs. Moore, in Harrodsburg.Mrs. Harvey A. Gardner, of St.Louis, is a guest of Mrs. J. O. Evans.Miss Lucy Smith, of Mt. Sterling, is the guest of relatives inBourb5n.Dr. and Mrs. William Kenneywere guests of friends in Louisville,Thursday and Friday.Misses Irene Malone and EdithLorenz, of Cincinnati, are guests ofthe Misses Welsh, near Paris.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcrafthas returned from a visit to MissMiriam Curry, in Harrodsburg.Mr. Lauthman Woods left yesterday for St. Mary's, Ky., where he willmatriculate at St, Mary's College.Mrs. J. H. Cojmer and mother,Mrs. N. F. Collier, have gone to Martinsville, Indiana, for an extendedstay.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Rell "hnvpreturned from a trip to AtlanticCity and other places of interest inthe East.Miss Laura Lilleston is imnrnv.mg at the Massie Memorial Hospital,where she has been a patient for several days.Mr. B. F- Stinn has rfit.nrnp.fl tnhis home near this city after a visitto His sister, Mrs. K. Clay Weathers,at Covington.Lauthman Woods left yesterdayfor St. Mary's, Ky., where he willmatriculate as a student in the St.Mary's College.Miss Fairie Templin has returned to the Conservatory of Music atCincinnati to resume her studies forthe school term.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greene, ofBloomington, 111., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Will Stewart and other rel-I atlves near Paris.Mr. David Feld and Mr. JohnMerringer left yesterday for Rochester, Minn., where they will consultthe Mayo Bros.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Vest, ofChattanooga, Tenn., are guests at thehome of the former's brother, Mr. J.W. Case, near this city.Mr. Harry Ropke, of Louisville,representing the Indiana MotorTruck Co., was a guest of Parisfriends Sunday and yesterday.Mrs. Keith Phillips and son,Marion Keith Phillips, of Atlanta,Ga., are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Jas.S. Douglass, on Main street.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Ellisand Mr. "and Mrs. J. W. Rummanswere recent guests of Mr. and Mrs.S. B. Clift, at Crittenden, Ky.Mrs. Wm. H. Squires will movethis week from Paris to Burgin toreside. Her daughters, Misses Lois,Sallie and Thelma Squires, will remain in Paris.Mr. E. M. Dickson and Mrs.Durand Whipple has issued invitations for an afternoon bridge partyto be given at the home of Mrs. Dickson, Friday, the nineteeifh.Misses Erna Gunter and TheresaLaesser and Mr. Ralph Gunter havereturned to their homes in Louisville,after a visit to Misses Lillian ClayBivin and Mr. James Bivin, nearParis.Mrs. Charles Clendenin, of Versailles, and Mrs. Huerh Clendenin. ofPewee Valley, have returned to their Ihomes after a visit to friends andrelatives in the North Middletownvicinity.Edwin Taylor, of Paris, has reenlisted in the navy service. He hasbeen assigned to the naval recruitingstation at Winchester, to succeed theretiring officer there, who returns toactive service.Mr. Henry Morris, formerly ofMaysville, now connected with theCincinnati Enquirer, is spending "hisvacation in Paris, and attending thefall racing meet at Lexington. Mr.Morris is an old-time newspaper manand has been with the Enquirer forover twenty years. Mrs. Morris is asister of Mrs. Ammi Dorsey, of Paris.Thomas Prichard, who was withthe Dr, Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo-. 40, in England, arrived in Paris,Friday night. He arrived in Newvnrk in;t. week, and was musteredout of the service at camp uix, inNew Jersey. Mr. Prichard is at present a guest at the hojme of his mother, Mrs. J. T. Brown, and Dr. Brown,on Cypress street.Mrs. Tacket and her Sundayschool class of the Christian Church,was entertained with a lawn partyat the home of pr. Kenney, onSouth Main street. Miss FrancesKenney was a member of Mrs.-Tackett's class until her departurelast week for Danville, where sheentered Kentucky College for Women as a student.. Mt. Sterling" Sentinel-Democrat:"Mr. James Thompson, of BourbonnonTitv was a visitor to our cityTuesday and was a caller at thisoffice Mr. Howard B. Turnerspent several days in Paris, Carlisleand other places this week on business Miss Stella Stephenson hasreturned to Paris to resume her duties with the City Schools, -afterspending the summer with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Stephens.The Kentucky JocKey uiud, jvcii.-,iMnr AsKnmation. had a most aufall racecnir.ious oDening of themeeting at Lexington on Saturday,the weather being perfect, -the enthusiasm all that could be desired,and society of the Bluegrass country,with jmany yisitors made the grandstand a brilliant picture. The boxeswere all occupied with attractivepeople, the ladies beautifully gowned Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson, of Paris, entertained in theirbox, Mr. and Mrs. James W. Thomp' T.ea Jul Bronson. of Jack-auu, i"' ., V 1.sonville, Fl-Mrs. Roberergusonof Paris. Mr. X- C. Milajm.s guestswere Captain Pease, oi xennessee,Mr. Catesby Woodford, of Paris.General and Mrs. Roger Williamsguests wereMrs. 'Frederick .Wallisamd Mis Magowan, - of New; YorkCity, Mrs. George Williams Clay) ofi-aim -m ii,yrKM. m., lieary jsjr . rVHrLiv "7. - "I J Woodford, of Parte, Mies Mary Bacon!box" party were Jr. ana m.rm. jwwbHarrison, Mrs. Allen Davis, Mrs.Katherine Foushee.Mr. John Keith Vansant is theguest of his parents, Dr. and Mrs.J. T. Vansant.Dr. W. D. Smith has returnedfroim. a visit to his brother. Mr. J.D. Smith, in Midway.Mrs. Dr. Cook, of North Middletown, is very ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city.Mrs. Wilson Wilder left Sundayfor a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Margaret English, in New York City.Mrs. Logan Bryan, of NorthMiddletown, is visiting her parents,Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, in Georgetown. Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Davis havereturned from their honeymoon andare housekeeping in their home onDuncan avenue.Mrs. George Laughlin has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. B. F.Laughlin, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Posner arein Cincinnati for an extended visitto relatives and friends.Dr. and Mrs. Harry E. Mathershave returned from a two-weeks'outing on the Kentucky river, andLin visiting friends in Paducah.Mrs. William Bailey, of Louisville, and Mrs. J. G. Hanley, of Little Rock, Ark., are guests of Mrs.Lula Hukill, on' Mt. Airy avenueMrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick,Mason county, is a guest of hermnthor Afro Wm WiiTrill Sr nTJf?her brothers, W. R. Hukill and Jas.Hukill, on Broadway.Miss Eliza Clay Mason, of Paris,a graduate of the University of Kentucky, will be an assistant on thestaff of Miss Mary E. Sweeney, in theDepartment of Home Economics atthe University this term.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry entertained The Art Club inforpally ather home on Stoner Avenue, Saturday afternoon. Miss Bessie Evanssuccessful in answering coriectly thegreatest nupiber of questions askedconcerning the previous year's study,"Architecture," and was awarded ahandsome prize.Mrs. Daniel Lawson Moore willentertain with a debut dance at theMercer Pavillion, in Harrodsburg,to-night, in honor of her daughter,Miss Minnie Ball Moore, a favoritein Paris society circles, and herhouse guests. Several frojm this cityand county wilL attend the dance.The Bourbon county clubs willresume their programs this week forthe fall and winter. The study clubswill piesent the following topics:Paris Literary Club The Bible AsLiterature; New Testament; Progressive Culture Club Miscellaneous, music, art, and original stories;Bourbon Art Club Sculpture;North Middletown Womens' ClubThe Bible; Millersburg TwentiethCentury Club Kentucky, its history,arts, letters, etc.Miss Irene Alexander entertained with a card party at herhome on Link avenue, Friday afternoon. The nrize for the highestscore was won by Miss Mary Ellis,and the booby prize was awarded toMiss Nancye Metzger. The guestsfor the afternoon were Misses MaryEllis, Alice Adair, Virginia Dundon,Ethel McCabe, Thelma Squires,Marion Cantrill, Janet Lusk, LunaDuffey, Nancye Metzger, Eva Roberts, Helen Terrjr and Miss Alexander. Mr. Wesley Shears, who recentlyreturned to his home near Paris, after a long service overseas was theguest of honor at a dining given byhis mother, Mrs. T. H. Reid, at herhome. The following guests werepresent: Mrs. Clay Gillespie, Mr.and Mrs. John Gillespie and family,Mr. Frank McMullen, Mrs. GeorgeJohnson (Lexington), Mrs. BettieMetz and family (Frankfort), Mr.and Mrs. Gillespie, Mr. Henry Tauland family. Mrs. Carrie Crump andfamily, North Middletown.(Other Personals on Page 3.)THE FAIRFriday and Saturday Only.VALUES YOU CANNOT AFFORD TOOVERLOOK.Mason Fruit Jars, Pints, 65cdozen.Mason Fruit Jars, Quarts, 70cdozen.Laundry Baskets, 98c size, each73c.Highest grade Table Oil Cloth, 39cyard.China Mattine, extra 'heavy quality, Linoleum remnants, suitable forstove rugs, 49c yard.Pure Aluminum Sauce Pans, withcovers, 4-qt. size, a oargam, n-oeach.Pure white Enamelled Tea Kettles,large size, Nujmber 7s and 8s, notstrictly firsts, your choice 98 c.Feather Dusters, regular price 34c,reduced to 33c.Gold and Silver Beads, big value,19c string.Nickel-T)lated Comb and BrushI Trays, Nickel-plated Brush, onlyonly 49 c.Genuine Cut Glass Salts and Peppers, each 19cHeavy Glass Tumblers, each 5c.Eplishing Oil for Furniture, Floors,etc., extremely large size, absolutelygreasless, 12-oz. bottle 25.SPECIAL CUT PKICES IN WALLPAPEBS, SATURDAY ONLY.ceiUn cut a aU bordersnut 2c a roll:And let us hangit for you onshort notice.- IIXiAutumn OpeningIntroducing the .Newest Colorings and theMost Favored Fabrics inSuits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts 1Waists, Hosiery and Millinery j- torThe SuitsAre sufficient unto themselves. "Theyhave the Wintry look wanted in a suit,"is the compliment many women paythem.The Coats. This is a greatly favored season fora separate coat. Full length models withgraceful lines is a distinguishing feature.The DressesSashes play an importont part mmany of the dresses. Others adopt narrow lines with suggestions of width atthe hips.KThe SkirtsA varied showing in serges and soft I ness and novelty in the use of handsilks with the latest trimmings. Others I work on the many models. Others 'areare of plaid velours, some being in accor- j trimmed in new and fascinating waysdion pleated models. You can easily I that appeal to the misses and the matfind your skirt here. I rons.HARRY224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.B'V-yiOotfti !irreedHewCoucWTHE J.EITHERPHONE 38Motor HarsAutumn Wear -.The WaistsThe beauty of design is styled intoevery blouse and waist we are showingduring our opening. Some have buttonswhile others are made to slip over thehead, drawiner back into a softlv folded"sash that tiesThe fineminds you oflmess lend a touch of completeness to thesmart frock or gown.iaa mcem . oj Emm4rt Jem -'mimiMrs. H'omeloVer: . ,A Sanitary Couch is one 'of the blessing of today. It is a useful piece of furniture all day andcan be-turned into a useful bed at night.We have several handsome styles of Couchesthat will fit your home and the PRICE will fityour pocketbook.For everything you need in Furniture andHouse furnishings, remember We keep HIGHQUALITY goods.T. HILTON CO;PARIS, KENTUCKY- liotor'AlIIXIxl1IXIXIXIXIXIin the back.rThe HosieryXweave of these hose reIglove silk and their shape- xIXIThe Millineryx1IXIXOur millinery possesses an effective-Mon:XMain StreetParis, Ky. ac::s:-:ttHHxasarj -v.:. SIXTH AH HumiMfertakferyxJ1 Ji'lIv? J- -- -?,.TTUESDAY, SEPTBMB1R, 1, Ifl'f .PAGi fiS -wfiTTiOTB B0U1B0H HEWS, PJLIIS, XEMTUUJLI TT9j-f W s P&t n "3 "wLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freeionecosts only a few cents.With your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome com orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)POX HUiNT TO BE AT CRABOBCHAIO) IN NOVEMBERThe new proprietors of the CrabOrchard Springs have just completedarrangements with the Fox Hunters'Association of America to hold theirannual Jmeet at the famous oldhostelry November 10-14.There will be 200 delegates present. As an added attraction it isplanned to have the oldest white manin the country, John Shell, to be theguest ofthe occasion. It is particularly appropriate that the nationalgathering should be held at CrabOrchard, as it was the first lodge inKentucky and lovers of this sportwere wont to assemble there in yearsgone by.oOur idea of a catastrophe is whena bride begins housekeeping withthe idea of raising flowers and chickens and ends by raising Cain andCourt proceedings.FreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeatsfRoasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FameLOUSCdffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376brighter:EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlectriceti -TorftgbtittdIrs .the only satisfactory way.A-use Setsfor mating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFer the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.vParis Gt$ & Electric Co.cWil moth'spjSVt44aw -- i"TRUE AMEUICAfllSM"Under the above head Mr. Frederick Wallis, formerly of Paris, nowFourth Deputy Police Commissionerof New York City, contributes thefollowing to a recent edition of TheNew York Evening Mail:"One of the most important questions of the day, and perhaps themost important one, is the solving ofthe several interpretations of Americanism. There are many views inregard to this vital matter, and it isright that the subject should begiven a propiinent. place in eachdaily resume of the rapid growthand spiritual expansion of this country. The United States is still in theformatjve state and must ever be so,for we are constantly advancing tothe better things, intellectually andpatriotically."The German spirit is still abroadand must be met during the tryingintervals of the reconstruction time.True Americanization efforts liechiefly in the attitude of our publicmen. The cities are the nerve centers of the country. The cities arethe moral integrity, the fortresses ofmental and spiritual activity and inorder to keep these densely populated areas clean and effective centerswe must have men of the highest repute, of the strongest possible character, at theelm."Business men are too apt to delegate their political powers to irresponsible persons. One great forcein the broad scheme of Americanismis the vote. Every American bybirthright is a politician in the higher sense and carries his part of theresponsibility of good government.He should exercise his rights ofsuffrage and should realize that indoing so he is but fulfilling his dutyto God and his country. If our American cpnstitution is to be sacredlyguarded and the principles of ourgovernment in both city and nationare to prevail and our free institutions be maintained, and if truth andloyalty are to touch the ballot andthe voter, making elections clean Jand officials honest, we must havethe earnest and fearless support ofour best citizens."After all, there can be but onetrue interpretation of Americanismthe standing for the ideals of thecountry and the living up to theseideals in all dealings with our fellow countrymen. By such a coursewe cast our influence on the side thatis bound to bring results and add tothe harmonizing plans of the geratest republic the world has everseen. With every American asserting himself along the lines of justand enlightened propaganda, all discordant elements must yield and amore settled and logical public opinion will become apparent."It is every American's duty to dohis share in effecting general unityin all matters of patriotism, and inall essentials that directly bear uponthe peace, security and well being ofthis country. If we place men ofthe highest character and qualifications at the head of affairs we shallhave little to regret in the next decade or succeeding decades, no matter how great an influx of immigration we are called upon tp confront."The United States has hithertoabsorbed immigration units in a mostsatisfactory manner, and with thelegislation now being planned thecountry will be able to meet the newconditions."We have nothing to fear fropi foreign elements so long as the intellectual, patriotic and spiritual sentiments of the country do not deteriorate. Indeed, on the other hand, anew Americanism, baptized in theblood of a new and dedicated manhood, has been born, and America ismoving toward social, political andeconomic conditions that are prophetic of a nobler day. This government is built upon manhood, andonly by manhood can it be preservedand its glory perpetuated."oJUST WHAT SHE NEEDED."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to be just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta Bankson, Chillicothe, Mo."They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver andrid me of backache and dizziness thatI had been subject to for some time.They did me a world of good and Iwill always speak a good word forthem."(adv-sept)STATE ASKS GOVERNMENT HELPAGAINST PROITTEERINGSo seiious has the question ofprofiteering become in this State thatthe Kentucky High Cost of LivingCommission, which has been investigating conditions for several weeksdecided to send two of its representatives to "Washington to confer withFederal authorities.Alfred Brandies, State Secretary ofthe Cqnimission, and Colenel H. H.Callaban were chosen for the mission.They will confer with C. B. Ames,Assistant United States AttorneyGeneral, who has been co-operatingwith State and local officials inbringing adjustment of prices.Profiteering in rents, food andclothing in Louisville and the otherlarger cities of the State will be thespecial tragets for attack. It is confidently expected by members of thecommission that Federal prosecutionwill be instituted immediately following the Washington conference.o"MRS. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW HAT-SNAP"Have always feared rats. Latelynoticed many on my farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droveswith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP piyself.It killed 17 and scared the restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c; $1.00. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply Co.(adv-sept)YOURRECROSSIS STILL VERY BUSYRead What Your Dollar IsDoingJUNIORS of today make the RedCross of tomorrow!In the membership drive during September the Lake Division"of the Red Cross wants to enroll200,000 school children and more," tohelp the, Greatest Mother in the World.Red Cross Juniors have an extensiveafter-war work to carry out.Junior Membership is only 5 cents.It is taken out in school-room units sothat every school child can be a member of the Junior Red Cross. A worldof opportunity for helping other children all over the world is open to RedCross Juniors.Even as far away as Hawaii children busy in school all day sell coffeeby lantern light at night to earnmoney for their Junior Red Cross. TheNational Children's Fund to which iscontributed Junior Membership feeshas a two-fold purpose.With It, relief is furnished to suffering children throughout the worldand at home community activities expressing the spirit of the AmericanRed Cross are fostered, tn a word theJunior Red Cross aims to establishInternational understanding and goodwill among all children; to providemotives for purposeful and usefulschool activities and to inculcateideals and habits of service.HOW TO JOIN THERED GROSS JUNIORSUPON application for memberships ' schools are placed onthe department of JuniorMembership mailing list atLake Division headquarters to receivethe National bulletin issued monthlyby the Department of Junior Membership at Washington.Upon payment of membership feesschools receive certificates or renewalcards which are their receipts formembership fees for the current year.Service to others is the appeal ofthe Junior Red Cross today. The public school working with the Red CrossIs the natural agency for spreading anew consciousness of the humanitarian obligation of men and nations toward each other.WILL SPREAD EDUCATIONf WO phases of education preI sent themselves in the Jun-lor Red Cross after-war program. One Is the providingof scholarship for children of disabledsoldiers, sailors and marines who wishto attend schools of the Federal Boardfor Vocational Education.The purpose of the scholarship is tofurnish a sum of money to keep children from fourteen to sixteen yearsold out of industry for a few yearslonger than family finances permitand to make it possible for them tohave added vocational training to fitthem for self-support.In this the Red Cross will be cooperating with the Vocational Boardwhich has an extensive program wellunder way for providing training fordisabled service men.The other educational aim of theJunior Red Cross is to develop amongchildren of all nations understandingof social, industrial and commercialconditions as they exist and will develop in the future.. To meet these needs the Red Crosshas compiled a series of graded lessons which teachers may present totheir pupils in the schools. These dealwith geography, customs, occupationsand other affairs peculiar to eachcountry, and are prepared to give abasic understanding of the world as itis in process of change today.School teachers who have completedthe standard Red Cross First Aidcourse and hold a certificate from National Headquarters will be qualifiedto give this instruction in theirschools this fall.NOTED CITIZENS ENDORSEJUNIOR PEACE PROGRAMGOVERNOR JAMES M. COX ofOhio says concerning thenew program: "The purpose and plan of the JuniorRed Cross appeals to me greatly. Development of international understanding and good will can be given noplace m a comparable measure withthe undertaking among children ""I have examined your plans withinterest," writes Governor J. P. Goodrich of Indiana, "and it gives me pleasure, Indeed, to indorse the proposedwork of our school children to assist in relieving suffering in Europe."V. O.' Gilbert, State Superintendentof Schools for Kentucky, endorses theplan as being worth while from the material side but of greatest value fromits educational side in the development of character.IS THERE A JUNIOR RED CROSSAUXILIARY IN EVERY SCHOOL INYOUR COUNTY?WRITE TO THE DEPARTMENTOP JUNIOR MEMBERSHIP, LAKEDIVISION HEADQUARTERS. 2157EUCLID AVE., CLEVELAND, OHIO,FOR THE NEW ORGANIZATIONGUIDE FOR JUNIOR RED' CRQS5AUXILIARIES.; , i - - t .v --'"J! I J EVOTBODT KNOWStil ( j& J "aWHC-HEADMEANSBlJiaC Jlj -TheWhen Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. . BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,CONSIDERING LOCATING MONASTERY IN STATE.E. A. Waters, of the Big Four railroad, Cincinnati, paid Hon. J. A. Sullivan a .visit at Richmond, recently,coming to consult with him concerning the location of a Catholic monastery in the mountains of EasternKentucky, to be founded by Baltimore capitalists who nave- spentjmany million dollars in the improvement ancrdevelopment of the EasternKentucky mountains. Mr. Sullivansays that the monastery should notbe simply religious, but should be thehead and center of schools or colleges in agriculture, carpentry, forestry, coal and oil mining and otherpractical pursuits, as well as all sciences and languages, ancient andmodern. He also says that the Jmonks should be able to talk Englishwell and prefers Ihem to come fromthe following nations and in this order: Ireland, Scotland, Wales, England, France, Belgium or Italy, andjmany native born Americans shouldhead many of the departments.ODSouthern Optical Co.2 IncorporatedManufacturers of Perf ect-FittlngI SPECTACLES ANDI . EYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial Eyes JImisible Bifocal .Lens4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.rNTERUEBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington ForParis ForLexingtonM. 6:45PansA. M. 6.00xA.A.A.A.A.P.M. 7:20M. 8:50M. 10:20M. 11.50M.M.M.M.7:15x8:159:4511:1512:452?153:45,5:156:508:1510:05M.M.M.1:202:504:206:007:209:10M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M. 11:00(x) Daily except Sunday. --KE5TUCIY TBACTIOH AJ1D TEEMHTAI, COIIPAKBuick - built FrontDrop forged Jn a single piece from bar steel ofspecial formula, it is strong enough to bear theweight of a truck, and pyrometer controlled heattreatment gives it a steel structure of remarkabletoughness and uniformity.This axle is designed' by Buick engineers, forgedand built complete in the Buick factory, . directlyunder the supervision of the men whose reputationsdepend upon its serviceability. From its I-beamsection to its drop forged steering connections, everydetail is worked out to perfection. The Buick frontaxle is typical of the perfectly controlled quality thatgives Buick cars their unusual capacity for service.X JThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualification; He is polite, intelligent, wllllms,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker. or gay cthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In ennri .He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you K.amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good pro.pective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a feweaeoonds. And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c pday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegrahitComjwiny ,(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District ManageBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4r(i-H wKrI The Bourbon Laundry"X Parisr Kentucky JJ$90,000STAKESEHNGTOKANDPURSESThe News Job. Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done men!jkrslmz&mAxle53NbrgVrW. H. Cannon, Local X&nager.LaundryWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we arepi epared to do work inf elior to none, and solicityour patronage.Sept. 29TOct. 10'iXIXIXIXIxIXIXIXIXIIi Ht3J.t "V)fi4--triatmni1TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1918t"yvTHE BOUSBOR HEWS, PIUS, UJITOtTIV "-t- -jr-f .r-T.."V-1.rmn-rrw. wmnwpfmiinmn.m ihuhphI AM GLAD TO ENDvPE-RU-NAWas in aDownCondition$ .J1" ATfc. sOGlad to Try Anything"Three yeirs ago my systemwas iii ' ti'ily run down condition and I was broken out allcf"r my body. I bewail to be worried about my condition and Iwas ;rlnd try anyilmic; v.hichiTOuld relies e me. Pcruim rro?reCt'TnzntTJiuvu iif iiit: a.o it uuoblood remedy and tonic, and Isoon found that it was -rrorthyol praine. A few bottles changedmy condition materially and in ashort time I yvjih all over xnytrouble. I owe my restoration tohealth and strength to Peruna,I aax glad to endorse it.'Sold .EverywhereT? 3Miss Iticka Leopold,288 Layco St.. Menasha, "Wis.,Sec'y Liederkranz. Miss Leopold'sletter opposite conveys in no uncertain way the gratitude shefeels for Peruna.Liquid and Tablet FormVOLUNTEERS NEEOED TOTHIRD ROLL GALLoCROP BEPOBT.The drouth lias cut down crop conditions generally.Corn, however, made an improvement in August and the general condition shows at 85 per cent, which isjly low, the same being given atper cent. Reasons given for so smallan acreage are the extreme dryweather and high cost of seed.Soy beans acreage is 84 per cent,and condition 81 per cent.Garden conditions are exceptional-69better than last month's report, indicated. Corn yield per acre as estimated under present conditions willbe 23 bushels as a State average,which would give something over77,000,000 bushels production fromthe State this year. By sections theaverage yield runs from 16 to 32bushels, according to the locality,which had not the most seasonableweather conditions.Condition of hurley tobacco isriven at 70 per cent, which is notas good as last month's report, and idark tobacco is given at 77 per cent.The tobacco crop is very uneven, andthe outlook is discouraging. Muchtobacco is being cut early, owing tothe extreme dry conditions prevailing. Less than 42 per cent acreageof hemp is given, while condition is78 per cent. This will mean an exceptionally small output.Cow peas acreage is 76 per cent ofthe normal crop, and condition is 79.WflVJBfl HhSBH B Tti-Solves you rHeating ProblemDREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homeB foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEa blessing last winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floorsand walls for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar but does notheat it. Come in and see thissubstantial, well-built furnace. Itit a fuel and labor saver. tA,S. Best & Co., Agts.Millersburg, Ky.Both Phones 33(F-sepl TF-oct 1)Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesper cent, and sweet potatoes at 80per cent.The fruit crop is short. Apple condition is given at 52 per cent, grapesat 66 per cent of the normal crop,and melons at 72 per cent.Buckwheat acreage is reported asi 50 per cent short. The July seedingis much better than August seedingto date.Alfalfa condition is given at 74 percent, while the yield of the thirdcutting is estimated as a State average at slightly over one ton per acre.Pastures are burnt up in many localities, and ar,e given at 73 per centas a whole.Stock water is scarce, though condition of stock is fairly good, rangingas follows:Horses 92.Hogs 90.Sheep 90.In most localities there is as muchstock on hand as last year, especiallyhorses and cattle. Only localitiesreport more hogs and sheep on handthan last year.Poultry conditions are 73 per cent.Taken as a whole the crop outlook is not very favorable at thistijme, and it is to be hoped that October 1st will show a real improvement.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.oThere is (more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be Incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & C.o., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodIon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-sept)oINSURANCE COMPANIES MAYPRESENT CLAIMS AT CAPITALNotices have been set by N. O.Grav. to C. F. Thomas, insurancecommissioner and statutory agentfor more than 100 fire insurancecompanies operating in this State andand the Kentucky Acturial Bureauof a meeting to be held in Frankfort,Septepnber 19. The companies mustshow cause why the ten per cent.surcharge tax which has been In effect since July, 1918, should not belifted. Superintendent Gray is looking into charges of discriminationmade during the rerating in Kentucky and this question will also beup at the conference.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY INMICHIGANNE million volunteers to helpIn the work connected withthe Third Red Cross Call, November -3-11. is the appeal la-sued by the National Headquarters ofthe organization.Each local Red Cross chapter is interested in enrolling workers in thecommunity who will make this RollCall an overwhelming success.The November campaign has twopurposes to secure for 1920 as nearlyuniversal membership as possible, andto obtain $15,000,000 for the completion of relief work abroad, undertakenduring the war. 'State campaign managers for theLake Division of the American Red.Cross have been appointed by Mac-Kenzie R. Todd, campaign managerfor the division. R F. Grant is manager for Ohio, Clarence Stanley for Indiana and John R. Downing for Kentucky.Under the leadership of these menthe Lake Division, comprising thesethree states, hopes to equal its previousrecords. In the last War Fund Drivethe division over-subscribed its quotaof $9,400,000 by almost $4,500,000. Inthe first Roll Call these states were thefirst to go over their quota. In thesecond Roll. Call, in spite of the influenza epidemic, the Lake Division managed to enroll over 2,235,000 new members. During the war there were two annual Red Cross campaigns, the WarFund Drive and the Christmas RollCall for membership. The Novembercampaign will be the only one thisyear, and in succeeding years therewill be only the annnal Roll Call.In naming this sum of $15,000,000,the Red Cross has tried to determinethe smallest amount which will enableIt to round out Its work. It is believedthat the end of our foreign obligationsis in sight and, accordingly, the RedCross is turning its chief attention andenergy to the development of a clearly defined home program, which already Includes systematic preparedness for disaster relief, a widespreadnursing plan, continuing Home Serviceoperations, First Aid instruction, and aJunior Red Cross program, all of whichdepend for their success upon largeand vigorous chapters. For thesereasons, the enrollment of members isthe chief purpose of the Novembercamnaira. - - IIt is the primary ambition of theAmerican Red Cross to be of service toAmericans Sff-0JhrV PPW?? n tne W0I"ld at any price! You'll (VL V BS-pfiSJ prefer Camel quality to premiums, flS ns lm coupons or gifts! '-"-BCamels are soldeverywherein scientificallysealed packages of 30cigarettes or ten pack'ages 200 cigarettes)in a glasaine-paper-coveredcarton. Westrongly recommendthis carton for thehome or office supplyor when you travel!R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.Winston-Sslca, N. C.18c a packageCAMELS are the most refreshing, satisfying cigarette youever smoked! Put all your cigarette desires in a bunch,then buy some Camels, give them every taste-test and knowfor your own satisfaction that in quality, flavor, smoothbody and in many other delightful ways Camels are inclass by themselves!Camels are an expert blend of choice Turkish and choiceDomestic tobaccos. You'll not only prefer this blend to eitherkind of tobacco smoked straight, but youll appreciate theremarkable full-bodied-mildness and smooth, refreshingflavor it provides! Camels are a cigarette revelation!Camels win you in so many new ways! They not onlypermit you to smoke liberally without tiring yourtaste but leave no unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant cigaretty odor!Compare Camels with any cigarettein the world at any price! You'llprefer Camel quality to premiums,coupons or gifts!-?TKWHY DOES THE AMERICANRED CROSS NEED FUNDS?Because The Red Cross cannotwithdraw the helping hand extended ,to soldiers, sailors, andmarines until every one of themIs at home at work again, orreceiving medical care.Because The medical and surgical supplies of the American Expeditionary Forces made available for use by the Red Cross bya recent act of Congress must bedistributed and administered.Because The devastated countriesof Europe cannot meet, with theirown resources, the problems ofsickness and disease amonggrown people and children, andthe building up of man power.Because To be of service toAmericans, the American RedCross Is preparing to launch Itspeace program of continued HomeService, First Aid, Public HealthNursing, and extended JuniorRed Cross activities.-- PotKlve Insult"Here take this back to the kitchenjM snarled the grouchy boarder."What do you mean, bringing me aburned piece of liver? Why, it's notfit even to set before a king !" KansasCtty Star.Keep this valuable definition inmind: Whisky in a drugstore isproperty. In a cellar it isn't property. Look before you loot.WVWSSfVFWWSJw:RED CROSS ANNOUNCESPUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMCome in and See OurFALLCHOWIKGOFAA. J. FEEAGENTMrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wish to thank you for yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. WeI are never witnout it in me uuuac, a,uuI am sure it saved our baby's lifethis summer."Mrs. Marv Carrinffton, Caseville,Mich., says, "I have used Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyfor years and it has always givenprompt relief."(adv-sept)oLIGHTNING BOLT EROM CLAllSKY KILLS iRIAPISON FARMERPrice Conner, a tenant on thefarm of James W. Wagers, nearwnon Madison county, was cuttingtobacco in an open field Tuesday afternoon, when a bolt of lightningfrom an almost cloudless sky, withI the sun shining, struck him, killinghim instantly. Two otner men wording in the field near Conner wereshocked by the bolt, which tore thetobacco knives from their hands.WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED. STOCK-mM , . a HMnria Annnal Sinking Fund paymentsTrewmbe to purduse Preferred Sto .t not110 and accrued dividend. M aaaNet earnings for past three years have averaged over four time, dmdendrequirements on this stock. . m. i .Netqnick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferrefl Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Requtit. JAMES C. WIELSON & CO.SlOSwTslreet, LXUISVILLp, KY.N outline of the peace time program of the American RedCross has been given, following the announcement of theThird Red Cross Roll Call, November 3-11, for members and a fund of$15,000,000.Foremost will be the nation-wideactivity for the promotion of publichealth, and hand in hand with thiscrusade will go a vigorous campaignfor the extension of the country'snursing resources.In its public health campaign theAmerican Red Crops will make aneffort to reduce the high mortalityrate and to improve general healthconditions. Red Cross public healthnurses will be assigned to as manysmall communities as possible, thusextending to the ru?al population thebedside nursing, school inspection,classes in hygiene and home nursingthat have been so effective in cities.In this connection it is planned tooffer to every woman in America instruction in home sanitation, hygiene,care of the sick and dietetics, thusproviding first-hand knowledge of howto keep the family well and what todo where illness or accident cannotbe avoided. These courses are nowbeing introduced into the -publicschoolB and colleges, and are offeredto department store employees, factory operatives, girl scouts, nursemaids and others, fitting them to helpcombat infant and child mortality,malnutrition, unsanitary living conditions, preventaDie aisease anu eyiuemIcs in their own home.The 7.000 public health nurses Inthe United States are far too few tomeet the ever increasing demands fortheir servicee, and funds are neededfor the establishment of scholarship?for the training of nurses for thishighly specialized work.Ready-to -WearTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyHENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585"Hendricks, the Screenthe best known screenA card simply addressed toMan," will reach him, as he isman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.v iHOMEKILLEDMEATSgisygnjmiiimVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be Had1MARGOLIN'SSanitary Meat MarketSPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELT. W.314 Main StSPICERParis, Kentuckygji wij -..ra;r-n-m.g-MiiSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; RightiiVi-' MX- rr-'jgr4?J11 7 tJ 1 , ""VMMKCHEETHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PARIS,- KEHTUCKTUESDAY, StifWEMBER l$t Illsly'iB -MILLERSBURG-Mrs. M. M. Bowles is among thesick.School supplies at Caldwell's.Prices right.Hintz Sweet Pickles at Caldwell's 30 cents a pint.Mr. K. D, Bourroughs, who isamong the sick, is able to be outagain.Mrs. R. C. Bonar and daughter,ACiss Louise, are visiting relatives inMaysville.Mr. R. M. Caldwell and famlyirere guests Friday of Mrs. BaylesBeBell, at Ewing.Miss Mabel Metcalfe has returned from a visit to her aunt, Mrs. A.C. Strode, in Chester, Montana.Rev. J. D. Redd and Rev. J. W.Gardner filled their new appointment at Harrodsburg and Versailles,Sunday.Rev. and Mrs. Cox, guests atthe home of Mrs. Henry Patterson,have returned to their hopne in"Wilmore.The M. M. T. now has an enrollment of 106 students. There arejnore than eighty in the boarding department. Mrs. J. D. Calhoun and daughter. Miss Elizabeth Calhoun, have returned after a weeks' visit to Mrs.Ch.as. Jones, at Salt Lick.Rev. J. W. Gardner, former pastor of the Millersburg church, assumed his new duties Sunday as poster of the Methodist church at Versailles. Mrs. D. Sheard and son, ofEastern, Kansas, are guests of relatives in this cny. Mrs. Sheard wasformerly Miss Mayme Conway, a former resident of Millersburg.Miss Katherine Spencer, ofLexington, has entered Millersburg-College as a student. Another newsurival as a student at the Collegeis Miss Lois Ingels, of Eminence.Our little city was startled about-eleven-thirty Thursday evening byan. alarm of fire, which was found tole- in the home of Mr. G. W. Bramlette. When the fire was first discovered by two colored women, theroof of the residence was in flames.,Th.e fajmily were not aroused, untilafter this. The voluntary fire department was called out and did heroic work. In a little while both engines were on the scene, and thefire was under control. However,this was not until after the interior of the building had been welldestroyed, by fire and ruined by water. The origin of the fire is unknown. When first discovered it wasin the front of the building, near the' roof. It is thought by many to befee -work of either birds or mice, indepositing matches, where they afterward ignited. Mr. Bramblette carried $3, 000. insurance on the property. The walls are in good condition, and the work of rebuilding willbegin, as soon as the insurancecompany adjusts the 1 oss. Mr.Bramblette and family havetaken, rooms temporarily in the homeof Mr. David Cassidy.tDEATHS.PIPER,The body of William Piper, whodied in Buffalo, New York, after ashort illness, was brought to Millersburg, Friday afternoon, and interredon the family lot, with services heldat the grave.Mr. Piper was 'a son of Mr. andMrs. W. H. Piper, former residents ofMillersburg. He was born and reared in Millersburg, but moved toBuffalo, New York, several yearsago. He is survived by two brothers,Hyman Piper, of New York; VolneyPiper, of Kansas City, Mo.; two sisters, Mrs. Lutie Piper Miller, of Calif onia; Mrs. Henry Piper-Andrews,Baltimore, Md. He was a nephew ofMrs. C. W. Corrington, of Millersburg.4THOMPSON.The body of Mrs.. KatherineThompson, aged eighty-nine, whodied at the Eastern Kentucky Hospital, at Lexington, Saturday morning, after a long illness due to general paralysis, was brought to theresidence of Mrs. Jefferson Smith, onFifteenth street, Saturday afternoon.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at three o'clock with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The pall-bearers were ThomasThompson, Alfred Thompson, ErnestThompson, Silas Thompson, ClaudeLarkin and Jefferson Smith.Mrs. Thompson is survived by fourdaughters, Mrs. Elizabeth Jones,Taylorsville, Mrs. Ida McDowell, Mt.Olivet, Mrs. Anna Thompson, Paris,Mrs. Mollie Thomas, -vConnersville,Ind.; vone son, Silas Orme, of Mt.Olivet;; one sister, Mrs. MaymeThqmpson, of Mt. Olivet, and onebrother, John Orme, of Morrow, Ohio.STEIIGGIING WOMAN SHARES INCOME WITH HER LOUD.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7.-00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tix 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cToday, TuesdayyVivian MartinIN"LOUISIANA"ALSOANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"At the Old Stage Poor"Tomorrow, WednesdayWm. T HartIN"SQUARE DEALSANDERSON"Yeu never saw Bill Hart as heis in this picture. He couldn'tbe better.Also Bray PictographThursday, Sept 18thJULIA DEANandEDWIN ARDENIN'RulingPassions'Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Pathe Review.Ladies' DayTwo ladies will be admitted for oneticket plus 2c war tax on Thursdays.MATRIMONIAL.4From a sick woman who can neverrecover fropn tuberculosis has comea cash contribution to the Baptist75 Million Campaign as reported bythe general headquarters in Nashville. "I have tuberculosis and do not expect to live long," she writes "butmy husband, whose income is but$1,000 a year, and I make a practiceof tithing and greatly rejoice in giving the Lord at least one tenth. AndI want before I die to have a sharein the great 75 Million Campaign.As long as I live I am going to sendin a part of my half of our salary tothis purpose. The greatest joy I haveis in deciding where I can place thismoney to do the most good in mySavior's cause."HARRIS SPEARS.Mr. Noah Spears, of Akron, 0.,and Miss Fannie Harris, of Paris,secured a marriage license here yesterday afternoon, and went to Lexington, where they were married.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Spears returned to Paris.The groom is a son of Mrs. Georgia Spears, of Paris, and is at present connected with the GoodrichRobber Co., at Akron, Ohio. ,He hadfor some time been connected with alarge concern in Chicago. Thebride is the handsome and attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L. D.Harris, of Walker avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Spears will residein Akron in the future.BREACH CONNELL.Friends in this city have received cards announcing the marriage of Mr. Charles O'Connell, ofWashingtn, D. C, formerly of Parisand Mt. Sterling, and Miss JosephineBreach, of Washington, which tookplace m the National Capital recently. Mr. O'Connell is connectedwith the Government printingoffice in Washington, which positionhe has held for several years. Hewas for many years employed onthe Mt. Sterling papers. He is abrother of Miss Florence O'Connell,a well-known and popular visitor inParis, and has many warm friendshere who extend congratulations tohim and his fair bride.marriage will be solemnized at anearly date.The prospective groom is a son ofthe late Mr. P. I. McCarthy, who wasfor years Cashier of the DepositBank, in Paris. His mother andfamily moved to Lexington severalyears ago. Mr. McCarthy duringhis residence here, was a highly-valuedassistant in the office of E. F.Spears & Sons. On his return fromCamp Zachary Taylor, where he wasassigned to important clerical duties, he resumed his old position, resigning that to take a position inthe revenue service in the Collector's office at Lexington. He is ayoung man of the highest "type, onewhose hosts of friends here wishhim unlimited happiness. His intended bride is one of Lexington'smost chanming young woman.EXHTRIT WAS POPULAR.The big display made by the College of Agriculture and the Experiment Station at the State Fair lastweek was a decided success fromstart to finish.' It was bigger andbetter in every way than the one oflast season. It also had more directappeal to the public, as was shownby the interested people who visited'and revisited the exhibit. It is evident that the public may expect afiner exhibit from season to seasonfrom these two most popular StateInstitutions.BAJJES HELP FARMERSSCHOOL ENROLLMENT COMPLETE.RELIGIOUS.KANE MCCARTHY.Announcement has been made byMrs. Annie Kane, of Lexington, ofthe engagement of her daughter,Miss Helen Marie Kane, to MrCharles Bernard McCarthy. TheoATTENTION, MR. FARMER!:L.A.3STTJR.iMr. Farmer:We are taking this means to advise you that you still have an opportunity of purchasingyour manure at the old price. All orders received at this office for immediate shipment upuntil September 30 th will be accepted at $2.50 per ton price f. o. b. Louisville.Commencing October 1st we are forced to advance our prices to $3.00 per ton for shipment during October and November, and on December 1st to 3.50 per ton. We are so situated that we are not in a position to figure on any more manure for shipment any later thanDecember and for this reason we are not quoting any price for later shipment than December. Conditions are such now as to make it almost.imperative for the wise farmer to purchasehis requirements immediately to insure himself of his supply. The Government is f astlydisposing of their animals and this naturally means a loss of manure, as if the animals arenot there, naturally, we cannot get the manure.Another very important feature is the fact that we are encountering severe difficultyin securing empty cars for loading. This is due to the shortage of coal cars. It is reasonable to assume that with a shortage of coal cars at this season of the year, that with theapproach of Fall and Winter this shortage will become more acute, and for this reason weadvise our customers and friends to not delay the purchase of their manure any longer.We are now receiving the highest grade of manure we ever have had since we had thiscontract, and the Government is exercising particular care in picking out this manure, sothat there is virtually no dirt in same whatsoever.We will be glad, indeed to take any customer out to the Remount who will have occasion to come to Louisville and let him examine this manure before making shipment to him.We also wish to call your attention to the straw manure that we are shipping fromCamp Knox, Stithton, Kentucky. This manure is nowJbecoming very much in demand bythe gardeners, who utilize it for hot beds, and we have virtually sold up all our straw manure for the next five or six months. However, we still have a few open dates in the balance of this month and next month, which will enable us to accept business at $35.00 percar f. o. b. Stithton. This manure contains approximately 20 to 25 straw in volume andis absolutely free from foreign matter.In conclusion, we wish to state that we haye been very fortunate in having extremelygood weather, which has enabled the Government to work their corrals very carefully, andin this manner they are getting out a very high grade of manure, perfectly dry, whichmeans that you are not paying one penny for any excessive moisture.At the Christian church Sunday,the sum of $9,000 was raised inmoney and pledges for th epurposeof paying for the new organ, defraying the cost of the new concretepaving and for the new interior decorating recently cqmpleted. It isconfidently expected that the entiresum of $12,000 will be raised by themiddle of the week.B-4 riREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsIt has just about gotten so in thiscountry it doesn't pay to sit up witha sick friend unless he has medicinein his cellar.In certain sections of Kentuckythe farmer is able to buy groundlimestone even in ton lots at exceptionally low figures. (This is madepossible by wide-awake bankers whoare buying limestone in carloadlots so that the farmer may have itat the lowest possible price. Wherever bankers are pursuing this planthe farmers are certain to learn veryrapidly the tremendous value ofground limestone even on their mostfertile fields.oBIRTHS.Near Centerville, to the wife ofMr. Charles Yazzell, a son.To the wife of Mr. Leonard Howard, of Carlisle, formerly of Millersburg, a son; weight eight pounds.Near North Middletown, to thewife of Mr. Homer Ritchie, a son,first born. Mrs. Ritchie was formerlyMiss Minnie Sparks.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Jesse H. Parker, an eight-pound son,Christened Willie Hyson Parker.The mother was formerly Miss EdithReese, of Carlisle.Mobilization of the forces of education at Camp Paris High School inthis city has practically been completed. The result is a fine body ofyoung soldiers in the interest of better education, answering to the rollcall to the number of 1,200 in thetwelve grades of the school. This issaid to be the largest attendanceever recorded at the opening day forthe High School.The High School alone reports atotal of 200 students. This givesthat department the largest numberit has ever enrolled, and it is confidently expected in a few days thisnumber will be largely increased bythe addition of new pupils. Onlyone addition has' been made tothe faculty, that being Miss Katherine Evans, a graduate -of Bryn MawrCollege, in Pennsylvania, who willhave charge of the physical culturecourses. Football practice has beensmarted, the coaching being underthe instruction of the Y.. M. C. A.instructors. Robert Burnett, a former High School star, has receivedhis discharge frcpn the service, andwill rejoin his former teammates onthe football gridiron.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, Sept. 15 VivianMartin, in "Louisiana;" AntonioMoreno and Carol Holloway, in,"Perils of Thunder Mountain;"Llody Comedy, "At The Old .StageDoor."To-morrow, Wednesday, Sept. '17William S. Hart, in "Square DealSanderson;" Bray Pictrograph.Thursday, Sept. 18 Julia Deanand Edwin Arden, in "Ruling Passions;" Vod-A-Vil Movies; PatheReview.High grade shortmanure, free of all foreign matter, containingapproximately 5 straw, per ton for September shipment. . $2.50 f . o. f, LouisvilleLong manure, free of all foreign matter, containing 20 to25 straw in volume, per car $35.00 f . o. b. StithtonIn the event we receive orders marked for immediate shipment and we are not in aposition to ship it this month, you receive the benefit of the $2.50 price, but it is absolutelyessential' that we have your order this month for you to get this price.SAVE MONEY. PROTECT YOURSELF. ORDER NOW.Phone, wire or mail us your order and we will mail you properly filled contract for yoursignature. Terms cash, railroad weights to govern all settlements.Freight from Louisville to Paris is $1.80 per ton.freight from Stithton to Paris is $2,30 per ton.FARMERS FERTILIZER COMPANYEXCLUSIVE GOVERNMENT MANURE CONTRACTORSPhone: Cumberland Main 1161 'Rnm 1 Board f Trade Building LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKYAdvance SaleOFtNew Fall Shoes!Our wonderful system of merchandising (buying for spot cash in enormous quantities for ouimmense outlet) will this season more than everhelp you cut the high cost of living.Our Fall Shoes Now In!More beautiful than everand in greater selection,at pricas $o much lowerthat you simply owe it toyourself to shop here.LilM-DtSchool Shoes For Boys and GirlsAn enormous purchase of Shoes for spot cash at prices almost unbelievablein the face of today's high market.Wear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. j nrShoes at $r.iJDifsiTo;?saat.Tf"En.g-.$4.00and $3.49Misses' Gun: Metal English Boots djo jqMisses' and Children's Gun Metal o jaBoots at yL.WBoys' Dark Tan Eng- m- aa jMinHsh shoes at $5.00 and $3.49Boys' Gun Metal English Shoes j aaBoys' Gun Metal English Shoes to jnat $0.49Boys' Gun Metal Lace Shoes i aaat $1.99DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreVv-. - - 4 S . T r "T?1U. '- , Jn:,-, 'W f -- .1 (,,V- V " a- .. - .. .- .$-fV vvv..' "-ZJ&& -1 "&?-- " T Vt . j eP- I""'"'SS'f-.A-ir