J-'fi-JrV4tf; !&.Jfi J - -v.T' rs .iVw-rTHE BOURBON NEWS-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRT VY IN THE YEAR'? ?k. Ti-33B lKTXiJr&f,.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY,-KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1919v $-i. t- - V iTHEEE-YEAR-OLD JFTTT,T) DIESSUDDENLY AFTER MEAL.A most unusual case was called tothe attention of Coroner RudolphDavis, yesterday, when he was summoned to North Middletown, to viewthe body of Willie Willoughby,three-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Willoughby, residing on theW- A. Tnomason farm.?rom the facts as adduced hy theCoroner, the child had been in theiabit of eating a second meal, whenits father came in from his work.Sunday after eating a hearty meal,the child played above the house awhile, and then ate a second meal.In a short time he complained offeeling ill, and called to his motherto come to him. The boy held hishand up to his mouth and gasped afew time, falling over on the floordead. The horrified parents hastilysummoned medical aid, but the ladwas heyond the power of earthlyhelp. Coroner Davis held an investigation yesterday afternoon, thejury bringing in averdict of deathfrom strangulation, due to naturalcauses. About a year ago, a littlehrother of the lad was smothered todeath when his mother rolled overon Jnm in ber sleep, smothering him.The boy is survived by his parents,four sisters and three brothers. Thefuneral will be held at the grave inthe North Middletown cemetery atten o'clock this (Tuesday) morning, with services conducted by Rev.F. M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthMiddletown Christian church.HI. M. I. DEFEATS PARIS HIGHSCHOOL TEAM.The football teams of the Millershurg Military Institute and theParis High School met on the gridiron field at Wright Field, near thecity limits yesterday afternoon, at.three o'clock, in a struggle for honors. The battle resulted in theParis High School warriors goingdown in defeat before the huskycadets hy a score of 50 to 7. Thegame was a scrappy one in morethan one respect, and was hotly contested on both sides. A "scrap" between a Paris man and one of theJffllersburg- delegaion, though noton the program, enlivened a part ofthe game.i?FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSVFRANKLADIES OUTFITTERSAutomobileNO RELIEF FROM SUGAR SHORTAGE TOTILNOV. 1.According to a local grocer, andalso a confidential assurance from anemployee of one of the largestwholesale houses, it was stated yesterday to THE NEWS man that relief from the present threateningshortage may be expected about Nov.1, at which time large quantities ofbeet sugar may be expected. on theimarket. Most refineries will starthandling the beet product by thatime, said our informant.Although there is expected to beplenty of sugar for household use,there will likely be a shortage atsoft drink stands and manufacturingplaces of soft drinks where considerable sugar is required. Since prohibition went into effect the demandfor soft drinks has increased manytimes, resulting in a large increasein the amount of sugar used.The shortage of cane sugar is stillvery serious and grocers have foundit necessary to limit the amount eachhouseholder onay purchase. Unlessthe housekeeper uses economy inhandling and using sugar she willfind herself confronted with exactlythe same conditions that obtainedsome months ago, when sugar washard to obtain at any price and under any circumstances.oLEXINGTON BOYS ARRESTEDHEKE YESTERDAY.When the 3:35 Louisville & Nashville train from Lexington pulled into the Tenth street passenger station in this city yesterday afternoonPatrolman George W. Judy boardedit and took in charge four Lexington boys, whose ages ranged fromeleven to fifteen, apparently. A message from Lexington asked the Parispolice to apprehend and hold theboys, who were out on a sight-seeiing trip.The boys were plentifully supplied with cigarettes, apples, cakes andother articles, and were as happyand contented as could be. They hadtickets reading from Lexington toCincinnati, and told the officer theywere going to Cincinnati to go towork in a factory. They were heldhere until one of their relatives camefrom Lexington on the interurbancar and took them hack home, muchto their regret. Their names werenot given.& CO."Deliverybeckham: to speak here thisAFTERNOON.According to the announcementmade by Chairman R. W. Keenon, ofLouisville, Chairman of the Democratic State Campaign Speakers' Bureau, United States Senator J. C. W.Beckham will address the voters ofBourbon county at the court housein this city at 2:00 o'clock, this(Tuesday) afternoon, in the interestof the Democratic candidates on theState tickets. There has been muchmisunderstanding as to the date andtime for the speaking, but this announcement definitely sets the dateas this afternoon. Senator Beckhamwill come here from Ashland, wherehe spoke to-a large audience lastnight. Representative J. CampbellCantrill has been assigned by theBureau to Bourbon county for twospeeches the afternoon and eveningof Thursday, October 23, at LittleRock and Centerville respectively.The people of Bourbon know bothspeakers well, and they will need nocommendation to the Democrats" ofthe county.The dates fixed for SenatorsBeckham and Stanley are subject tocancellation in case it is necessaryfor them to return to Washingtonand vote on the peace treaty oramendments.predicts increased votefor black in bourbonThe Richmond Daily Register ofSaturday has the following:"That Black will carry Bourboncounty by a record majority, largerthan she has gone Democratic inyears was the prediction of Hon.James H. Thompson, and Col. Wm.Remington, of Paris, who were inRichmond, Saturday morning, for ashort time with friends. Mr.Thompson is the Democratic nominee for the Legislature from Bourbon and as he has no oppositionfrom the Republicans, his callingand election is sure. He is a candate for Speaker of the House andis making a short whirl over theblue grass section looking for votes.He saw Tom Collins, Democraticnominee in Madison while here andfrom here went 'on to Lincoln,Lincoln, Boyle and Merger. It has'been reported that Will T. Beckham,who will be Shelby's representativewill also be a candidate for theSpeakership, but it is 'hardly believed that a contest will developbetween Beckham and Thompson.Thompson is a prominent farmer andbusiness man of Bourbon. He hasmany friends here and was introduced around by T. J. Curtis Col.Remington is the veteran editor ofthe Paris Democrat, and a brother ofMrs. Won. Howard, of this city.-oDEMOCRATIC SPEARING TO-DAY.Senator J. C. W. Beckham will address the voters of Bourbon countythis (Tuesday) afternoon at thecourt house at 2 :00.oMAMMOTH NEW VAULT DOORABOUT FINISHED.The mammoth new steel safetyvault doOr which has been in processof installation in the Peoples DepositBank & Trust Co., in this city, isnearly ready for use. The door,which is a monster of fine manganese' steel, required many days ofpreparation before it could be takeninto the building, the workmen having to cut a hole in the side of thehouse to get it inside. It requiredtwo men six days to chisel throughthe concrete covering of 'the valut inorder to get the door, which weighs23,000 pounds, in position.The door makes the safety depositvault absolutely burglar proof, thusguaranteeing safety to the funds andvaluable papers belonging to thebank and its patrons. With this device in position it is impossible toget in the vault until 'the time-lockmechanism reaches a set hour. Theinstallation of this safe-guard provides patrons of .the Peoples DepositBank with a sure protection, and isa stroke of good business for thispopular financial institution.oSTREET WORK RESUMEDWork on the reconstruction ofPleasant street and the repairing ofMain street, interrupted by theheavy rains of the past week, hasbeen resumed. A large force yesterday resumed the excavation work onPleasant street for the concrete surfacing that is to take the place ofthe old macadam finish. The workof relaying the mains of the ParisGas & Electric Co., which was interrupted by the rains, was also resumed at the same time.EASTERN STAR MEETING.Mrs. Stanley J. Bagby and MissMamie Wagoner, both of Paris, willrepresent the Paris Chapter of theEastern Star at the meeting of theGrand Chapter of that order, to 'beheld in Lebanon, beginning TuesdayOctober 28.HANIBSOME COMPLIMENT TOBOURBON'S REPRESENTATIVEEditor W. Remington in the ParisDemocrat of Saturday, has the following complimentary notice ofBourbon's nominee for Representative, under the hand of "The RightSpeaker." The Democrat picks Mr.Thompson as a logical candidate forSpeaker of the House. The articlefollows:"This year the Democratic partyin Kentucky is fighting for its future right to live, not for the nextfour years, because the character ofthe Democratic nominees insure every chance of success at the comingelection."However, with the unrest, the attitude of the people of "anything fora change," the .record of the comingDemocratic administration will receive the closest scrutiny of everyvoter in Kentucky."We do not fear any of the Stateofficers will not measure up to thehighest standard, but this is onetime above all others when men selected within our party for responsible positions in the State administration, must be men of the strongestminds, most upright character, andpeculiarly adopted to the duties theymust perform. The day is over inKentucky when men can be appointed or selected without regard to theirfitness or ability."Without doubt the (most responsible position, and the most far-reaching,to be filled within the party, isthat of Speaker of the Lower Houseof the next Legislature. In importance to the people this office comesnext to filling the Governor's chair." 'Why,' asks the Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat,"would not Jas. H.Thompson, of Bourbon County, makean admirable Speaker?""The answer is, he would. In facthe is the one man the Democraticparty will need to fill this position."In the first place, Mr. Thompsonis not a politician. In the next placehe is a man no set of circumstancescould sway from his clear vision andconvictions as to what is best for hispeople."Another thing, he is a farmer ofthe highest type, a -student of abililllty: and is nrobablv to-day the hestTinformed man in Kentucky on matters of taxation,, a most seriousthing to every voter in the Commonwealth."And one other thing. Mr. Thompson can work to the greatest advantage and always in the interest ofharmony within the party, if his coworkers, like himself, never losesight of the fact that it is for thepeople of Kentucky he and they areserving."As to Mr. Thompson's strength,Bourbon county is Democratic by anarow margin. The Republicanswere running their strongest candidate against him, a gentleman ofthe highest character, and one whowould not do the slightest wrong forthe State of Kentucky, Mr. N. A.Moore. Yet Mr. Moore, as good aman as he is, knowing Mr. Thompson's strength, withdrew from therace."And that is the kind of man weneed for Speaker, a man who willreflect honor to the Democratic party and give it strength."HELD SECRETARY TO ADDRESSENDEAVOR SOCIETIES' The new Field Secretary, Mr. Little, of Lexington, will address allthe Christian Endeavor Societies,Epworth League of the Methodistchurch and the Baptist Young Peoples Union, of the Baptist church, inthe basement of the Presbyterianchurch, at 7:30 p. m. this (Tuesday)evening. Mr. Little is an interesting and eloquent speaker, and willhave a message that will be sure tobe a pleasing and interesting one.A cordial invitation is extended toall to attend this meeting.PARIS GRAND OPERA HOUSEAND ALAMO THEATRETo-day, Tuesday, October 21 JBryant Washburn, in "Love Insurance;" Antonio Moreno and CarolHolloway, in "Perils of ThunderMountain;" Harold Lloyd Comedy,"The Rajah."To-morrow, Wednesday, October22 Marion Davis, in "The DarkStar;" Bray Pictograph.Thursday, October 23 FlorenceReed, in "Wives of Men;" CharlieChaplin, in his first $1,000,000Picture, "A Dog's Life."DON'T EORGET THE SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATION.Those who were out of the cityor sick on regular registration daymay register to-day and to-morrowat the office of County Clerk, PearcePaton. If you want to vote in theNovember' election, attend to thismatter to-day.THOUGHT THEY HAD STRUCK"A DIPPY ONE."During the working of the Chapter Degree by Paris Lodge of Masons on the third floor of the Masonic Temple, in this city, one nightlast week", the attention of a number of the the members was attracted by the peculiar actions of a manin a room on the top floor of theWindsor Hotel, opposite the lodgeroom.The man had a broomstick in hishands, which he was franticallywaving, occasionally stooping to thefloor to pick up some object, whichhe placed In a different position onthe floor. Then he would repeatthe maneuvers, over and over again.Judge Chas. A. McMillan called theattention of Dr. Avonia Kiser andJos. H. Ewalt to the strange actionsof the man, and suggested that therewas something wrong, and that thehotel people should be notified. Thetrio came to the conclusion that theman was demented. Thinking hemight possibly be a brother Masonin distress they went to the hotel,and made their mission known to thenight clerk. Accompanied by theclerk they went to the room, and,on knocking, the door was promptlyopened. On the bed on an oppositeside of the room, where where theycould not have been seen from thewindow in the Masonic Lodge- roomsat two young men. It developedthat the supposed demented man wasa golf enthusiast, and was demonstrating to his cronies a number offancy and difficult plays just as theyshould have been played on thegolfing links. Judge McMillan andhis friends retired with an expresseddetermination to let supposedly demented men alone hereafter.ATTENTION, UNIFORM RANK!There will be a called meeting of.A. J. Lovely Cofnpany, No. 34, Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias, attheir Castle Hall, in the Wilsonbuilding, Third and Main, at 7:30o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday)night. Business of importance. Fullattendance requested. Come in fulluniform. "&&?&-.td&u&bNs"xiW. W. DUDLEY, Captain.oFALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye. Less Quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CH AS. S. BRENT & BRO.frWE KNOW MOWWe Honestly Believe that We are Rendering a Service to the Men of Paris inRecommending and SellingSTEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHESTrue economy does not consist of buying articles because they are low priced. Frequently thepurchase of a low priced suit may prove to be thegreatest extravagance. The measure ot economyis to be found in the measure of value.There are are no clothes made where the measure of value is greater than in STEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHES where you will find such acomplete and satisfying combination of tailoring,style, high quality of material, and all other factorsthat enter into genuine worth.We know, from our long experience in theclothing business, that we could offer you no betterclothes at at any price. No better are made. Andit is a great source of satisfaction to us to be able tooffer such clothes at prices you would ordinarily expect to pay for clothes of inferior quality.Prices $25.00 to $60.00MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsWAR MOTHERS ORGANIZEThe Bourbon county branch of tlNational War Mothers of America .effected an organization at a meeting held 'Saturday afetrnoon at thcourt house, in this city. Therwas a good attendance and much interest manifested in the proceedings. ,Mrs. Edward Turner gave a comprehensive report of the second meetimgrof the National Association of WarMothers, held in Washington, D.C. A resolution was adopted by 'the local association to co-operate im-raising funds for the memorial halt .to be erected on the campus at theUniversity of Kentucky. The fol-mlowing officers were elected for theassociation to serve during the ensuing year:County War Mother Mrs. LouisRogers; first vice War "MotherMrs. Ben Woodford, Sr.; second viceWar Mother Mrs. D. C. Lisle;Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Edward Turner; Recording SecretarjrMrs. James Douglass; TreasurerMrs. Mary Huffman; HistorianMrs. Allie Dickson.Among the out-of-town peopleattending the meeting were Mrs.Wm. Cromwell, of Frankfort, County War Mother of Franklin county,Mr. and Mrs. Spears, Mrs. AbramwAbrams and Mrs. George Welch, allof Frankfort, who were the guests ofMrs. R. B. Hutchcraft.SCHOOL SHOES READY POR BOYSANDGIRXS.School season has just opened uyrand we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment ofshoes ever shown.(19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.'TRENCH MOUTH" NEW- EASE. GOING ROUNDSBB-There's a new disease going the:the, rounds in Paris, at least It is reported hy physicians asjeing a newone in the local field. The diseaseis said to be caused by prmiscuonakissing, and is a species 'of disease of"the gums. The physicians havegiven It the name of "trench mouth,"- 1 Vt9YrA Icjoiia1 nrsvn f-n oro r auic'SgaltfsTdukissing. If the "trench mouth" isfollowed by "trench fever" it willtake all the joy out of life, even forthe rusty old bachelor, whe occasionally grabs a kiss from some littlebaby, and the political candidatewho kisses all the babies of his constituents will have to get himself inoculated against the germs, bacilli,and all those other demons that getinto a fellow's system.BLAKEMORENcttltton SimsDr. Rtad's Cushfen Salt Sfcasj-w?iaiit: r"V -'-sr.ifef5 jfTHE BOTOOU ifEWS, 2A21IS, KENTUCKY. t ; r ? -T TUESDAY, OCTOBER? 2Xil!;i!JFBijBETWO: I eIITiHirKStcih8WF. BOURBON NEWSafettisbei 188137 Years of Continuous Publication3Slished Every Tuesday and Priday$r OTear. . $2.00 6 Months. . $1.00'Payable in Adavance.T CHAMP. Editor and Owner.tered At the Paris. Kentucky,mtoMee a Mail Matter of the'9ond OUm.)3DEMOCRATIC TICKET.V Por Governor:yaEames D. Black.fM Por lieutenant Governor:J- W. .H. Shanks.P3 Tor Secretary of State:P SEatS, ohen.i"30br Auditor of Public Accounts:T"Kenry M. Bosworth.$ ..Por Attorney General:Trank.E. Daugfterty.Jbr Clerk of the Court of Appeals :3Tohn A. Goodman.-3e Superintendent of Public Instruction :3Lu "B. Foster.Mm: Commissioner of Agriculture:Jfcjhn W. Newman., Por Representative:" Barnes H. Thompson.JFOR COUNCILMENmaRw. PirstvWard:T. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ&, Williams.( Second Ward:f JE5war;aTBurke.' J3!iigh 3rent. 3$5atesbyi Spears.J Third Ward:Seorge Doyle.'t& -- "EDITOBIAL MUSINGS.-'Purity" in Politics.Senator John J. Ingalls of Kansas4hat"pnrity in politics is an iri-HK3ent dream, though just why heiFd ever say that we cannot ima-, -as lie was one o the grand menIEfes "West. At any rate, he wasZ3MBtsSken. Purity in politics is notjilaiream and it should be a stern realafty, instead.ISKtecer was this truer than rght3w mce the great world war. It4 5t new era and a new deal all-rgaond is on, including politics.Machins are labor-saving devicesiotili :axe in this day and age a ne-Jteity and have, come to stay, but noHMWliTue on earth was ever yet biggergfcr ietter than the great masses ofIQSmt people who make its construc-Jfen possible, and when it gets toW&m amywhere near that it should beignwuTiigcL When a political machine- 5B.xmicipul, county, state or naJ,ion-jets xlogged with corruption orred with graft and greed, the53ppS3tQ should be let out of its tires.'IFo these lines this editorial axever hewn, and it pleases us im-5ely to chop out a chip of solidSch 'occasionally which falls upon&m hollow womb of Mother EarthcjwiSi sufficient thud to admonishiSSioee enwraped in tlie dogma thatatSS. others save and except the pro--123oasonal-politician are born only toifiSfca lowly station of drawers of wateraCTrers of wood and oilers of theOmchine, that kingly prerogatives,sre31-4ieadednes und political war-"gNiLiIism-are more in the line of iriHnecent dreams than the goodly andHfWlly doctrine 'of purity in politics.ICarterfGlass, "Editor.Carter- Glass is-:making a first-classjtary of the Treasury, all be-i'he-was a" f irSt-class editor (andWm -still owns a 'daily newspaper inVirginia); -before"he began distributing", his 'talents in the sphere ofpiitics. "The" -job- of following Mr.-BfcAdoo was no -minor undertaking,9Mcause McAdoo was -always foundjoing some." ""But Carter Glass hasnc speed himself, and one of histest apear&nces in-public was totk the prosaic doctrine of thrift;Jft lie did it in a -way that -reflect-j-credit to Carter Glass, 'Editor,fcmnce," he said, "would .pay offjflMr national debt Ijefore the Unitedapt&ee." "Germanyt. he wadded,tprpul not daly niee"alJOfferwarobligation but "would, in a fewyears, be "a chief competitor in thecommericial martsof tjie world."Carter Glass evidently has the rightdope of Germany, since a news dispatch a few days ago told that commerce has already been resumed between Hamburg and Cuba and Mexico.Cold Storage Celluloid.Occasionally a patron at a movieshow experiences a feeling of familiarity with some scene shown on thescreen. He almost thinks he has seenthat veny spot, house, garden, whitewashed fence and all, before. Andin all likelihood he has.The makers of movies, it seems areoccisionally pressed for time or ingenuity or something, and they insert a few hundred feet of film whichhave been used a year or so earlierin some other screen drama. In onecase a picture of 5,000 feet of filmscontained 2,2008feet which had beenshown in another picture a few yearsbefore.If a recent order of the FederalTrade Commission is properly carried out, this abuse of an undiscriminating public's good nature will beeliminated. The order directs thatthe old parts of the film, if theremust be such, be 'clearly, definitelyand unmistakably shown" to havebeen previously exhibited."No Accident" Week.The railroad managers of the country have designated the week beginning October IS as 'no accidentweek", requesting everyone to takespecial care to avoid accidents of allkinds but with special reference torailroad work. There is no questionbut that a large per cent, of the accidents entailing loss of life, limb orproperty are' due to carelessness onthe part of some one, and that someone is often the victim of his or hercarelessness, but generally some innocent person is also the victim.Hence,- the idea of calling upon thepeople to take special care for oneweek, in the hope of beginning thehabit of carefulness. Let everyonebear this in mind and observe greater caution than they are in the habit of doing, and continue to cultivatethe habit in the coming weeks.Priendly Pountain Pen.An alleged friend has presentedthis scribe with a fountain pen andnow we have got to employ a skilledmechanic at a large salary to takehis monkey-wrench and keep thedingbusted thing in order. It is themost friendly thing we ever met, onshort acquaintance. Yesterday itwept a cupful of black tears all overour left bosom.u Autumn Auto Styles.Automobiles come in all sizes, including the piker size, the familysize, the bank director size and thefool size. A small car with onlytwelve condensed horses in it can bebought for $350 and can be drivenover a curb and into a tree as successfully as a big car which costs$5,000 and has tires as fat as anelephant's legs.AN AGEEEABLE SURPRISE."About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime night and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mrs. James Brown, ClarkMills, N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy. t , ,.,J.t, , ij1 'S- " "" "' (oct-adv)QAbout 760,000 men were employed in the coal mines in the UnitedStates during 1918.PUBLIC SALEStock, Crop, implements. Etc.Having sold my farm near Paris, and my property in Paris, I willoffer at public sale, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, onFriday, October 31, 1919,at about the hour of 10:00 o'clock, a. m., the following described livestock, crops, farming implements, etc:Three mules, 4 to 7 years old;One 2-year-old gelding;One 3-year-old draft mare;One 3-year-old draft gelding;Two Jersey cows, extra good;Nine pure-bred Duroc sows and pigs;One Duroc boar;Nine meat hogs;25,000 tobacco sticks;Seven shoats, weight 100 each;Twenty-three yearling Southdownewes;One registered buck;Two gas engines, 2 and' 3 horsepower; - .Malley ensilage cutter, -nonejjetfer;-COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.EASEDAFTER RUST DOSE"Pane's Cold Compound" ThenBreaks Up a Cold In aPed HoursRelief comes instantly. A dosetaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks up asevere cold and ends all the grippemisery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages in the head, stops nose running and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Clear your congested head! Nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as'Tape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, contains no quinineInsist upon Pane's! (Adv.). . oNEWSPAPER MAN GOES INTOOTHER BUSINESS.Mr. James H. Tilton, who for fiveyears owned and published the Carlisle Advocate, which he purchasedfrom the estate of the late John W.Powling, has quit the newspapergame and has gone into the real estate business. He has become amember of the Bryson Real EstateAgency, in Carlisle.Mr. Tilton, after the merger of theAdvocate with the Carlisle Mercury,was associated with Mr. Warren E.Fisher, on the Mercury, in editingthat paper.o"THESE RATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN," SAYSPRED LAMB.It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for year3. A neighboring store sold me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest'grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv)The skin of an elephant whentanned is very expensive, the tanning taking about six months.o-A Parisan carpet has been in usefor over 200 years in the main hallof the Saah's palace in Teheran.WantedWanted, by a refined family inLexington, an upstairs maid, adownstairs main, a laundress and anurse for two young children. References required.' Best of wages.702 Bullock Place,Telephone 3102,(14-3t) Lexington, Ky.Notice of ElectionNotice is hereby given that onregular election day,Tuesday, November 4, 1919,in Flat Rock Magisterial District,composed of Precincts Flat Rock No.1 and Flat Rock-No. 2, the followingquestion will be submitted to thelegal voters of said precincts: ,"Are you in favor of making itunlawful for cattle, or any speciesthereof, to run at large on the public highways and unenclosed landsof the Flat $ock Magisterial District, comprised of the voting precincts No. 1 and No. 2, Flat Rock?"W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(14-4t)OFOne McCormick corn harvester;Gear; harness; hoes; fakes; forks;Farm 'machinery of all kinds;One International Hay Press; selffeed; good as new;Cultipacker, and, in short, everything used on a well-equippedfarm all in first-class condition; One Buick roadster, 1918 model, infirst-class condition;Thirty acres of corn in shock;Fifty tons of good baled straw;Household and kitchen furniture;Large lot of other things too numerous to enumerate here.I. D. THOMPSONEducation Through Parties.The average man's initials are familiar to the people of his community.But nobody ever knows his full nameuntil his wife gives a party. TopekaCapitol,Steinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y. M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos. (26-tf)Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.BOURBON COUNTY FARMOf 420 Acres, About 3 1-2 Miles from Paris on theRuddles Mills Pike,At Public AuctionTuesday.On accountof ill health and advancing years, I have decided to locate permanently inFlorida and have placed my splendid farm above described in the hands of Harris & Speakes,real estate dealers, with instructions to sell each tract as advertised to the highest and bestbidder, ram or shine.The farm is an ideal one, well fenced and watered and in a high state of cultivation.It will be sold m three tracts, as follows:TRACT No. 1 Contains 245 acres, all in blue grass, timothy and clover except31 acres seeded to wheat, blue grass and timothy. Seven-room house, practically new.Cistern at back door. All -necessary outbuildings, two large tobacco barns, small stockbarn and a good four-room tenant house; also excellent stock scales,TRACT No. 2 Contains 70 acres of unimproved land 50 acres inacres broke out of blue grass and cultivated in tobacco and is now seededtract has a beautiful building site.TRACT No. 3 Contains 105 acres 90 acres in blue grass and timothy and 15acres seeded to wheat, blue grass and timothy; 6-room residence, two large tobacco barnsand four-room tenant house. The farm fronts beautifully on the Huddles Mills pike. TractsNos. 2 and 3 after being sold separately will be oif ered as a whole and the best bid accepted.TERMS Liberal and attractive. Ten per cent cash in hand on day ofsale, 23 1-3 per cent. March 1st. 1920, when possession will be given. Remainder in fourequal payments, one-fourth March 1st, 1921, one-fourth March 1st, 1922, one-fourth March1st, 1923, and one-fourth March 1st, 1924. Notes will bear six per cent, interest from datepayable annually until paid and a lien retained on the property to secure payment.G. C. THOMPSONHARRIS & SPEAKES, Real Estate DealersL. D. HARRIS, BusinessPUBLIC SALEOf One of the Most Desirable Residences in Parison the premises, on Cypress Street,Friday, October 24th, 1919At 2:30 O'clock P. M.We as agents for J. W. Allen, who will shortly move to the country will sellat public auction. w.thout reserve or by-bid, his beautiful home on CypLTstreeone of the most attractive resident streets in Paris cypress street,House contains six room, with a large attic that could easily be convertedinto three nice bed rooms, large pantry, back and front porches, good Sunder entire house. This is a complete modern home, built to hVe in whh1arshade trees and concrete walks. Splendid lot that lay. high and drv and fnideal home that must be .een to be appreciated. The lot U Wx200 fertliAlarge garden and entrance in rear from an alley. vv reet, withTerms Easy and Made Known on Day of Sale.- MSESsfc-a r Eta jsi-ijt:HARRIS e. SPEAKESL. DHARRIS, Bu.me.. Manager COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerCensus Clerks WantedCensus "clerks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equity Building, Washington.(23-tf)awleigh's All Medicine Hog Mixture tQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomeiPhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDBLE.The Rawleieh Man.(8augr-tDOn the Premises, onOctoberAt 10:30 O'clock A.ManagerCOL. GEO.FoundMetropolitan 15-year Service Pin,issue of 1903. Found on streets ofParis. Owner may have same bypaying for this advertisement andproving property. (af )Butter and Eggs WantedFresh country butter and eggscan find a ready market with us.Highest market prices paid.THE BONE DRY CAFE,(17-3t) Main Street, Paris, Ky.Administrator's Notice!All parties knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Elene Curtis, will please call andsettle with the undersigned. Thosehaving claims against said estatewill present same, proven accordingto law, for payment.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(7-3wks) Administrators.2Sth9M.blue grass, 20in rye. ThisD. SPEAKES, AuctioneerrTUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1919THE BOtttSOH HIWS, - 5AMS, XEXTCORHAD CHRONIC BRONCHITISFOR TWENTY-SIX YEARSNOW WELL AND HAPPYTHIS IS WORTH READING vThe experience of Mr. E. J. Toupalik, 143S Rose street, LaCrosse,Wisconsin, is chiefly remarkableon account of the length of timehe was afflicted.He writes: "I have been suffering with chronic bronchitis fortwenty-six years and every winterI would catch cold and become sohoarse I could not speak for six oreight weeks. I could get only temporary relief."This winter I was taken withGrip and was in awful shape. Afellow workman advised me to takePE-RU-NA. By the time I hadused three-fourths of a bottle, thehoarseness was gone, also thattired feeling. I am on mv secondbottle. Hereafter PE-RU-NA willbe constantly in my house. It isthe best medicine ever put up forthe purpose."For any disease due to catarrhor catarrhs! conditions, PE-RU-NAis equally dependable. Coughs,colds, catarrh of the head, stomachtrouble, constipation, rheumatism,pains in the back, side and loins,bloating, belching gas, indigestion,catarrh of the large and small intestines, are some of the troublesfor which PE-RU-NA is especiallyrecommended.PE-RU-NA can be purchasedanywhere in either tablet or liquidform.Ask Many Questions.An assistant depot master at Paddlngton, London, took, by means of anumber-recording watch, a record ofthe number of questions asked by thepublic during a single week. The totalwas 2,188. Some of the questions wereextremely foolish......- ...... m--------..... ...t. ........! STOMACH ONA STRIKE"Pape s Diapepsin" putsSour, Gassy, Acid Stomachsin order at once !Wonder what upset your stomachwhich, portion of the food didthe damage do you? Well, don'tbother. If your stomach is in arevolt; if sick, gassy and upset, andwhat you just ate has fermented andturned sour; head dizy and aches;belch gases and acids and eructateundigested food just eat a tabletor two of Pape's Diapepsin to helpneutralize acidity and in five minutes you wonder what became of theindigestion and distres.If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless antiaced isPape's Diapepsin, which costs so little at drug stores. (Adv.)QDtSouthern Optical Co.Incorporated::Manufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSES. M.Invisible Bifocal Lena!i!4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.fr &Coal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehousefcn.k.tt.Mti!iFr-":Eg;r;WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over110 and accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE 1QO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210JS. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.CREEK INDIAN MAKES BIG CONTRIBUTION TO DRIVEJackson Barnett, full-bloodedCreek Indian of Mayretta, Okla.,who, along with a good many otherRed Men, grew rich out of the discovery of oil upon his land, has given $200,000 to the Baptist Seventyfive Million Campaign, though theactual drive for subscriptions willnot be made until the week of November 30-December 7. The Indianwas converted several years ago andhas been an active layman in thechurch at Maryetta, of which, theRev. E. D. Cameron is pastor.Early in the campaign the pastorpresented the claims of the variousinterests to Mr. Barnett and a fewdays ago the wealthy Indian expressed a readiness to talk withother representatives of the cam-jpaign on the matter. The campaignheadquarters were advised of thehour the conference was to be heldand asked to pray that God wouldlay it upon the heart of Barnett todo a really large thing. Accordinglythe general director and his officeforce held a special prayer serviceat that hour and a short while 'afterward a telegram came fromMaryetta announcing that the Indian, himself a convert under thepreaching of missionaries, had given$200,000 to the campaign to helpsend the gospel to others in thehomeland and throughout the world.oWILL YOU SAVE 50c ON RATSNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c package can kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year in feed, chicks and propertydestruction. RAT-SNAP is deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up -meat, grain,cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)GIANT CHICKENS AND EGGSPROMISED BY POULTRY MANSuper-chickens and eggs, two orthree times their present size, at acost not much greater than presentprices, was predicted by Alton E.Briggs, Boston, president of the National Poultry, Egg and Butter Association, at Cleveland, Ohio, in anaddress to the 1,000 delegates attending the opening session of thethirteenth annual' convention. Mr.Briggs said a new type of super-henis being bred and in the near futurewiuld reach the public, thus doingmuch to lower the cost of living.too iirao UPUNO STILLf ALLINGA Little "DandeVine" Stops YourHair Coming out and DoublesIts BeautyTo stop falling hair at once andrid the scalp of every particle ofdandruff, get a small bottle of delightful "Danderine" at any drugor toilet counter for a few cents,pour a little in your hand and rubit into the scalp. After severalapplications the hair usually stopscoming out and you can't find anydandruff. Help your hair to growstrong, thick and long and becomesoft, glossy and twice as beautifuland abundant. (Adv.)Cumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257msiiks'dSOCIAL AND. PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPaiaIa TTaii T1iaia ann $Elsewhere.sj;Mr. and Mrs. Wiliam Merritthave gone to Florida, to spend thewinter.Mr. J. C. Day has returned froma visit to friends and relatives inLouisvile.Miss Adah Groom, of Frankfort,spent the week-end in this city as aguest of Miss Ruby Elder.Mis Elizabeth Hill has returnedfrom a visit to M r. and Mrs. CharlesRieckel and family, in Cynthiana.Mrs. W. I. James and little son,.uucien james, of WincJiester, are.guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Denison, on Railroad Stret, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Ulman Lancasterhave as guests at their home on HighStreet Mrs. W. B. Townes, of Middlesboro. Miss Celeste Lucas has returned to Paris, after a stay of five yearsat Saranac Lake, in New York. MissLucas is greatly improved in health.Miss Marjorie Trisler is ill atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. Frank Trisler, on EighthStreet, threatened with typhoid fever. Miss Kate Edgar, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. Samuel A. Culbertson,in Louisville. Mrs. Culbertson wasforanerly Miss Keith Spears, of thiscity.Capt. and Mrs. Albert Fritius,of Blytheville, Arkansas, en-route toFt. Thomas, were guests for the weekend of Mr. and Mrs. George Deitmanin this city.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. B. Arderyhave as guests at their home nearthis city Mis Ann Pendleton, of Pendleton, Va., and Dr. Robert Richardson, of Somerset, ky.Mr. and Mrs. Nevins Sloan, ofChattanooga, Tennessee, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Hary 0. James. Mrs.Sloan is a daughter of Mrs. StellaRedmon Lee, formerly of Paris.Mrs. Herman Barlow, Si, Mrs.Harry Barlow and Miss Edith Barlow Harry Barlow and Miss EdithBarlow were guests of friends andrelatives in Cincinnati several daysthe past week.Mr. George Clayton, of the firmof Clayton r Collins, is in Missippippion a business mission. Mr. Claytonwill visit a number of breeding establishments in that State with theview of purchasing several highbred Duroc Jersey hogs for his herd.Richmond Register "Mis Elizabeth Blanton was in Paris for aweek-end visit to her aunt, Mrs. E.M. Dickson. Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Wilson have moved from the White Hallsection to make their home in" Paris.Miss Kate Ely of the Paint Lick section and Mr. Henry Prewitt, of Richmond, have returned from a visit tofriends in Paris."(Other Personals on Page 5)oWOMAN LOSES $5,000The suit that was filed in the St.Louis Circuit Court a few days agoby a St. Louis woman who allegesshe lost $5,334 in a fraudulent oilstock transaction, would not havebeen necessary had she invested inU. S. Securities that the Governmentis now urging its citizens to buy.The woman wanted 5,000 sharesin an oil concern that promisedgood returns. Her broker, shealleges, said he could obtain thestock for ?2 per share. She gavecash mentioned and her notes for thebalance, and then learned, shealleges, that the stock cost only ?1per share.There is absolutely no chance forfraud in the purchase of the UnitedStates Treasury Savings Certificatesthat may now be obtained throughthe Federal Reserve Bank or theGovernmental authorized r agency.These new securities are issued indenominations of $100 oi$l,000 andthe buyer takes no chance.Of course Uncle Sam does notpromise any fabulous interest. Buthe does promise a splendid return.The government pays 4.27 per cent,on these bonds, and when tax exemptions are reckoned, the investment just above stacks up with thesix per cent, investments offered insubstantial commercial enterprises.But the beauty of an investmentwith Uncle Sam is that one's principal is absolutely secure, and theinterest is certain to be forthcomingon the promised day.MEXICANS UNEAHTH FOSSIL OFA GIANT 32 PEET TALL.The fossilized remains of a giantmeasuring thirty-two feet ten inchesin height, according to report, wererecetnly discovered by workmen nearthe little village of Nanacamilpa,State of Vera Cruz.The natives, who still cling tomany of the traditions of their Indian ancestors, declared the giantwas related to the gods of their forefathers. They erected a catafalquein the plaza, upon which the giantrested in state for may days covered with flowers and at night carefully guarded.The discovery attracted the attention of noted scientists. ManuelGamio, director of anthology at theNational Museum, expects to soonleave the Nanacamilpa to investigate: He is inclined to believe the-fossil is that of a pre-historic vertebrate, not human.Lift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonocoots only a few cents.With your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and "-the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome com orcallus-right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug! ,(T-tf)BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Heavy rains have revived the vegetation in the county and startedthe small streams into activity, sothat stock water is now abundant onfarms. Corn cutting is practicallyover, and most of the fields havebeen seeded to wheat, rye or barley.Tobacco cutting has been completed.The work of stripping and preparingthe weed for the market is now inprogress. Livestock sales are inactive and veiy little stock is beingshipped to the markets. Farmers arerounding up their work on thefarms, and making leady for thecoming of winter.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.REM-This remedy is intended espenallfor coughs, colds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningits sale and use has extended to allparts of the United States and lomany foreign countiies. This aloneis enough to convince one that it is,a medicine of more than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you will ifind this to be the case.(oct-adv)In spite of the theory that lime ismoney, most of the strikers demandmore money for less time.nezDURINGSee TheI COME IN 1 mm U? 1- Xwlv ?K7StOKWsiwma$alVtpSaBjBmmGuarantee ' l."pjgk Wmu: w'Avax rm w VB V.Vr JK'" HAccept this as a cordialour store next week. We are holding a special demonstration of the Caloric Furnace. Come in and talk overyour heating problem w&h .us. We shall not attempt to sellyou the Caloric merely study your heating problem. We will4. -,1- .m. wAss.ivvns3rf-Tvnn i-iniT nra nytx oaTcfiprl rnat: trlA OnloTlC WillJiaat -vmrr entire honse -with-If we decide that the Caloric can be used hy you,we willguarantee, assuring nerfect3Iore Than Wjhh&TEe Caloric system of- heating is an entirely new application of the principles of confing heat. Cold air falls warm air rises. The Caloric's one register is built to take advantafeof this simple scientific fact.the bottom of the furnace, where it is purified, and passes over the radiation chamber Tip inathe house by the inside warm air channel. . The warm air is lighter and travels upward rapfi"3y. Although no perceptible draft is noticed, the warm air seeks out every nook and corneJT$in each room so that Jhe temperature over the entire house 5s&SSgJj;i-BI , ....Wolf, Wile Co;A Distinguished Group ofNew Fait Tailleur SuitsIn this collection of strikingly individual creationsare modes that tell with marked originality the really vdistinguished details of tailleur fashion. The styles areof a distinctiveness that promises a permanent vogue,and range from those of a tailored precision, faultless- irruline and finish, to others delightfully embellished witlivbraiding and buttons. Shown in fashionable colors o&brown, navy, reindeer, purple, Pompeiian, Oxford and'black.$39.50 to $135.00The New Dress For AutumnAfternoon, Demi-toilette and Evening"of Paris" in Their SmartnessThere is a distinct departure in fashion for the dressor gown; displayed here with a newness so apparent thateven the most casual are impressed. The world of women is evidently aroused to a new interest in dress, andthese handsome costumes are evidence that the creatorsof that elusive factor known as "style" have outdonethemselves in satisfying the exactions of taste, critical'judgment and artistic bent.For Women and MissesParis-Inspired BlousesIn beauty of material and cleverness of design nxblouses surpass them. Every wanted color and' f on theyouthful miss to the extra size figure.$6.75 to $25.00i1II!Wolf, Wile CBb Co.Lexington, Ky.iWwmwtWHttwmmmmm;mAQmwiitHiiiinxirHiiiiii it ecK 7? vr pvHHBV ' -V.sJ m m iHI m ' f - fc tBinvitation to come toa definite fuel saving.satisfaction.gHMMHMMHHgVagarii -- JFractieal' &-tftAoe nm n mtzki mim h m. h m imThe outer, channel sucks cold airpractically the same, the sewing0rinalPatentedPipele5$Rirnaas the living room where the register is -usually nut. MWe are enthusiastic aboutTesults obtained by more thanyear during the coldest weather proved our every claim. WeKNOW that it will make good and save 35 of your fuel-bOL.:Come in durincr Demonstration WppTt. Von wffl -nnf. h. K iirrr4-aA rt-nA tviott laown wtovtw T-ugabuy um j-lo.j acaxxx .uiaiijr bixuio Uiau Will XUC1U1 1UU1Cbetter heat with a decided saving of money. -The Howard Hardware Co.:INCORPORATEDCARLISLE31 & Y S. y-f Xsbhbv xww nr11 JLHirmgfjaJ sjf WW&e' Jm-staair t& Ft "iiVii ' lif jmKM 1ft h IJ H- Fainstall i&jritKt. moneb$fc3;A n rsssSSaftfSw vlC-i ,vSTiVm twm ???Scientific'SsCT-EconomfcaFout of the house, carries?i6 fccHroom upstairs being-as 0013the Caloric The remarkahiatfseventy - six thousand owners lasfc-ji -t 4- 1. ...Ml -. .. -x. .-1 IPARISnn-si.-1M-,'THE BOUBBOV HEWS, T&RXS, 105HOTCKTrp'-apTUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, .191971GE 70TJXl - Miii:!mrsftJUMIOR OEDER TO GIVE OYSTERSUPPER.Bourbon Council Junior OrderUnited American. Mechanics will holda social session in 'their lodge roomKnights of Pythias Castle Hall, inthe Wilson building to-night. Oyslers will be served. All members ofthe order are expected and friendswill be invited.WAINSCOTTS ARRIVEIN PRANCE.SAPELY lB""il""1"RELIGIOUS. I$! IA cablegram has announced thesafe arrival in France of Mr. andMrs. G. C Lee Wainscott, of Winchester. Mr. Wainscott was officiallyappointed to inspect the graves ofKentuckians buried abroad: Mrs.Wainscott is well-known in Paris,being a sister of Mrs. Louis Rogers,of Cane Ridge.ePUBLIC SALEOPStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm near Paris, and my property in Paris, I willoffer at public sale, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, onFriday, October 31, 1919,at about the hour of 10:00 o'clock, a. m., the following described livestock, crops, farming implements, etc:Three mules, 4 to 7 years old;One 2-year-old gelding;One 3-year-old draft mare;One 3-year-old draft gelding;Two Jersey cows, extra good;Nine pure-bred Duroc sows and pigs;One Duroc boar;Nine meat hogs;25,000 tobacco sticks;Seven shoats, weight 100 each;Twenty-three yearling Southdownewes;One registered buck;Two gas engines, 2 and 15 horsepower;Smalley ensilage cutter, none better;One DeLevel Cream Separator;One McCormick corn harvester;Gear; harness; hoes; rakes; forks;Farm machinery of all kinds;One International Hay Press; selffeed; good as new;Cultipacker, and, in short, everything used on a well-equippedfarm all in first-class condition; One Buick roadster, 1918 model, infirst-class condition;Thirty acres of corn in shock;Fifty tons of good baled straw;Household and kitchen furniture;Large lot of other things too numerous to enumerate here.I. D. THOMPSONCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Small Bourbon FarmAt Public AuctionON THE PREMISES NEAR AUSTERLITZ, ONTuesday, October 28, 191 9, at 2 O'clock P.M.We, as agents for J. L. Marders, administrator of the late Geo. W. Morrow, will sell his home place of 55 acres more or les, on the North Mid--dletownand Austerlitz Pike, one-half imiles from Austerlitz, three-quartersmile from Clintonvile, ten miles from Paris and 16 miles from Lexington. The improvements consist of a six-room cottage, cellar under entirehouse, force pump and sink in kitchen, good cistern, natural gas infront of house, hen house, meat house, two barns, two corn cribs, cabinand buggy house suitable for garage, 25 acres in old sod and ready fortobacco, 13 acres in corn and 14 acres in timothy.At the same time and place we will sell the following live stock: 4Worses, 5 mules, team half Percheron 5 to 6 years old; hay presses, goodas new; short horn cow and calf, one 1,000-pound short horn heifer,12 shoats, 5 hogs, sows 2 sows and pigs, chickens, bees, 400shocks corn, 72 bales straw, wagons, plows, cultivator, feed slide, goodbuggy and wagon, harness, cook stove, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS Liberal, and made known on day of sale.HARRIS & SPEAKES, AgentsX. D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(21oct-3t) mammmmmmm mmm mSMALL FARMof 57.38 AcresATPUBLIC AUCTIONONSaturday, Oct. 25, 1919AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.-on the premises, located on the Clintonville pike, 4 miles from the citylimits of Paris, Ivy., on the main line of the Central Kentucky Gas Co.All but 3 acres in grass and ready for tobacco as the owner has usedthis as a stock farm and from the imense amount of manure spread thisland shows for itself it is in a high state of cultivation. Well watered by a-drilled well which supplies water to 50-barrel concrete trough, hydrant inbarn, also concrete pool, cistern and springs. During the present drouthfifty head of cattle were kept on thisfarm on account of water.Improvements consist of a 3-room cottage, hen house, etc. One excellent, tobacco barn (40x48), one large stock barn with stalls and shedsto acommodate 50 head of cattle. This farm equipped with hay forkand carrier, one 12x30 feet silo, one new rat proof 100-barrel crib, onesmall barn with four stalls. All of these improvements are kept in thebest of condition.TERMS 10 of the purchase price cash in hand on day of sale,balance in three equal payments, March 1, 1920, March 1, 1921, March 1,1922, or the purchaser may pay as much more cash on March 1, 1920, aslie desires. Deferred payments secured by lien on property. Notes tobear 6 per cent, interest, payable semi-annually from March 1, 1920, whenpossession will be given. See the owner.J LUTHER RICE, orr HARRIS & SPEAKESCOL. -GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer r ?.S3JH JHBAt the same time and place I will sell to the highest bidder my herdof (9) dairy cows (Jerseys) all tuberculin tested by Federal Agent. Cows5with calves by side, or in calf to Registered bull from herd of J. N. Camden. Several choice heifer calves. Also a few grade cows with calves byside.1 registered Shorthorn bull, 10 month's old.(21oct-2t) LUTHER K. BICELouisville Post: "Mrs. GeorgeWilkens left Saturday for Paris, Ivy.,where she will spend some time asa guest of relatives."Mr. Thomas Alva Crawford, ofLouisville, was a guest Sunday andyesterday of his brother, Mr. CarlCrawford, and Mrs. Crawford.Dr. J. S. Wallingford, of theParis Baptist church, made one ofprincipal addresses at a fellowshipsupper given by the congregation ofthe Mt. Sterling Baptist church, Friday night.The regular monthly meeting ofthe Missionary Society of the Presbyterian church will be held in thechurch, parlors at three o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon. A full attendance of the members is earnestly requested.Rev. C. E. Allen, of Danville,filled the pulpit at the Paris Presbyterian church, at both services Sunday. Rev. Allen is a splendid manand a speaker of pronounced ability.He has but recently returned fromoverseas where he was engaged inwar work, and is at present occupying the chair of History in CentreCollege, in Danville. Capt. RobertHarbeson sang beautifully solos atboth services.REGISTER TO-DAY.To-day and tomorow have beenprovided as special registration daysfor the benefit of those voters whowere either out of the city or sickon the regular registration day.Register at the office of Cuonty ClerkPearce Paton..0BOX SUPPER.The pupils of the Clay's CrossRoads School, Miss Birdie Webb,teacher, will give a box supper inthe school building, Thursday evening, October 23, at 7:30 o'clock.The public is cordially invited to attend. oRESIGNS POSITION IN LOCALEIRE DEPARTMENT.Pal Brannon has resigned his position as a member of the Paris FireDepartment. He has been succeededby his brother, John Brannon. Brannon has resumed his former positionas clerk in the office of Ed. H. Gorey,Master Mechanic of the L. & N. inthe South. Paris yards.IMPORTANT RED CROSS MEETING ON THURSDAY.Important meeting of Red CrossChapter is called for Thursday, Oct.23, 2:00 p. m., at the court house.At this meeting a report of committees will be heard and election ofofficers held. An address will begiven by Mr. Holburn, an interesting speaker from Cleveland, O.,who served as chaplain with ourarmy overseas. He will tell something of the work of the Red Crossin the past and of its program forthe future. Let us give him a goodhearing.DEMOCRATIC SPEAKING TO-DAY.Senator J. C. W. Beckham will address the voters of Bourbon countythis (Tuesday) afternoon at thecourt house at 2:00 o'clock.CARD OP THANKS.We desire to take this means ofthanking our many friends for theirkind offices and words of sympathyduring the illness and at the funeraland burial of our son and brother,Mr. John Kiely. It is impossible forus to see each one personalty, butthrough the NEWS we hope to tellthem how much we appreciate theirkindness to us. We sincerely hopethey may be blessed beyond the power of words to tell.MRS. ELLEN C. KIELY AND FAMILY.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsPublic Sale- registere6Duroc-JerseyHogsand Other StockWednesday, Oct. 29thon the farm located on the Clayand Kiser pike, one mile southof Ewalt's Cross Roads, beginning at 10 "o'clock, 40 head ofDuroc hogs, sows, gilts andbears; cows and calves, yearlingsteers, mares and mule colts.A. P. ADAIR & SONSRout 6, Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Public SaleOFBlue Grass Farm281.55 acres of one of the best blue grass farms in Central Kentucky, on the premises 3 vnkfrom Millersburg, and five miles from Carlisle on the Summit Station turn pike three-fourthsmiles from the Maysville & Lexington turn pike, onMonday, October Z7, 1919at 10:30 o'clock a m. Only 20 acres in cultivation, 30 acres in virgin soil and about 200 acresin old bluegrass sod, good fencing, extra well watered three barns, good two-story frame residence. This farm will be sold in three separate' tracts and not as a whole, and each sale will be positive and without reserve or bybid of any kind.The sale is made by the heirs of the late Mrs. C. W. Mathers estate to settle a partnershipand will positively be sold as advertised.TRACT NO 1 Contains about 150 acres with residence and two good barns-TRACT NO- 2 Contains about 100 acres with one good tobacco barn.TRACT NO. 3 Contains about 30 acres of unimproved land of extra fine quality. Thisfarm is extra fine land and very little has been plowed in forty years and is now in prime condition for the best tobacco growing to be had.Prospective buyers will be shown over the farm by C. B. Layson or Joe Penn Redmon, Millersburg, Ky. Usual terms which will be announced on day of sale.JAMES M. CALDWELL,COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Agent For Heirs.Livest Suit Stylesin Town!That's what you'll say and it's mors important that you say it than if we do, becausewe want it known that this store -carries thestyles that young men want.You're sure of style'satisfaction if you select any of the following styles: Waist seamsin double or single brrasteds, some with beltsaround; plain double breasted coats, form fitting, and the nobbiest of single breasted coats.All these styles come in two and three-buttoncoats, in plain patch or slant pockets. Someare full lined; others quarter lined.Come in and buy your suit while there isplenty to choose from. You'll get your money's worth in our clothes.$20 to $45Union Suits For Men !fffihtQor Spring Necdlclfaderwear's about time to think of buying yourWinter Underwear. Our stock is completewith the best line in town, and you'll find thebest values here too.$1.50 to $5.00Nf8flflrr it" ' ff & . mOwrtghtl91. A. B. KlncMMrem Co.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.JIB3fUFtVstV&ifc1 "V',ff-": --"N1iTUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1919THE BOmSOH HEWS. PAHS, XEITVCOP1GITIT1"Imf OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)oDEMOCRATIC SPEAKING TO-BAYSenator J. C. W. Beckham will address the voters of Bourbon countythis (Tuesday) afternoon at thecourt house at 2 :00.oOVERCOAT WEEK.Don't delay your purchase for weiave now a complete assortment ofall styles S30 to $65.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oRESUMES FORMER POSITIONMr. Owen Gibson, who recently returned from overseas service withthe American Expeditionary Expedition in France, resumed his formerposition as rural mail carrier onHoute No. 6, yesterday.oSUPPERS SPRAINED ANKLE.While returning from the ParisGrand Opera House to her home onSeventh Street, Mrs. Lunceford Talbott steped into a hole on. the sidewalk, suffering a badly sprained ankle, which will keep her confined toher home for some time.LOOKING US OVER.Mr. Wallace T. Hughes, vicepresident of the Louisville CourierJournal, and Mr. Robert S. Weir,circulation manager of the C.-J.,weie in Paris last week, looking overthe field. Both the Louisville Courier-Journaland Louisville Heraldare now delivered early every morning in Paris sending out their regular editions.oNURISING CLASS BEGINS.The class in 'home nursing underthe Bourbon Red Cross Chapter, wasorganized here Saturday afternoon,by Miss Hooe, of Louisville, and thefirst lesson of the series was givento the new members. This divisionwill meet every Wednesday and Saturday afternoon at four o'clock.Three classes are at work in NorthMiddletown and one in Little Rock,under the auspices of the BourbonCounty Red Cross Chapter.oGOOD SUITS AT $35.You'll be surprised at our suitsvalued at $35. A liberal assortmentto choose from.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oAMERICAN LEGION TO MEETSATURDAY NIGHT.Bourbon County Post of the American Legion will hold its first regular meeting next Saturday night,October 25, at eight o'clock. Capt.William Collins, who was a delegateto the State Convention of the American Legion, held in Louisville ashort time ago, will be present andmake a report of the proceedings. Itis earnestly hoped there will be alarge attendance, as this report willbe of especial interest to the Bourbon county members of the Legion.oBOY ESCAPES SERIOUS INJURYBY AUTO.Knocked prostrate and run over"by an auto at the corner of Mainand Seventh streets, Friday afternoon, Bruce Clough, aged six years,had a miraculous escape from serious injury. Save for a few bruiseshe was uninjured.The boy, who is a son of Mr. andMrs. James Clough, of Scott avenue,vias returning from school, and, inendeavoring to cross the street, wasctruck by the machine, which turn1 the corner suddenly. The position in which the young lad lay enabled the machine to pass over himwithout the wheels striking him.He was taken to the office of Drs.Daugherty & Orr, where his bruisesere given attention and he was enabled to proceed to his home.oFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoOCCASIONAL FROSTS ABE AHEADIN OHIO VALLEY.Weather predictions for the weekbeginning yesterday issued by theWeather Bureau are:Ohio Valley, generally fair andcool with occasional frosts.Region of Great Lakes, UpperMississippi and Lower Missouri Valleys, Northern Rocky Mountain andPlatea.ii Tfeerions. generally fair andcool; freezing temperatures firsthalf of week.Ideal fall weather has prevailedin this section during the past fewdays, following nearly a week ofrain and gloomy days. Bright sunshine and bracing air contribute tothe iov of being out doors, and.nn..rn . .. t .nlm. CTOn TJ ( ftlargerappreciation of nice autumn weath-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. N. Ford Brent has returnedfrom a visit of several days in Louisville. Miss Sarah Chowning, of Shelbyvile, is a guest of Mis Mary Kenney Weber, near Paris.Winchester Democrat: "M. F.Setlers, of Paris, is visiting hisdaughter, Mrs. J. L. Williams."Mrs. Edward Prichard and MissNancy Griffith have returned froma visit to friends in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Woods, ofWinchester, were the guests Sundayof Mr. and Mrs. James R. Stivers.Miss Margaret Cavanaugh andMrs. Linville, of Newport, are guestsof friends and relatives in this city.Blair Varden, Secretary of theLee-Kent Oil Company, has returned from a business trip to Atlanta,Georgia.Cornelius James has returnedfrom Port Arthur, where he hasbeen in the employ of the TexasLand & Oil Company.Richmond Register: " MissMaude Stephenson has returned toParis, after a visit to Mrs. M. M.Miller, on West Main street."Squire J. N. Shropshire has returned from Latonia, where he wonhigh honors in the clay pigeonshooting tournament held bv theCincinnati Gun Club.Chas. Meng, John Young, Capt.James Stone, Walter Meng and T.Porter Smith attended the funeralservices of Col. win. A. Gaines.held in Georgetown, Saturday.Mrs. Lida B. Conway and Mrs.James B. Wilson have returned fromRochester, Minn., where Mrs. Wilsonhas been a patient at the MayoBros.' Hospital.Miss Maude Taylor, one of themembers of the faculty of the Falmouth High School, has returned toFalmouth after spending the weekend with her father, Mr. J. E. Taylor, of East Paris.Miss Celeste Lucas, who hasjust returned from a five-yers' residence at Saranac Lake, in NewYork, will be a guest for severalweeks of Miss Lucy Simms, at herhome on Second street.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton will entertain Friday afternoon, with an "AtHome" reception. The followinginvitations have been issued: "Mrs.Oscar T. Hinton, At Home, Friday,October the twenty-fourth, fromThree to Six."Misses Carolyn Roseberry, MaryFithian Hutchcraft, Helen Hutchcraft and Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.,attended the Chi Omega fraternityluncheon given at noon yesterday atthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington.Mrs. William Cromwell, Mr.and Mrs. Spears, Mrs. AbramAbrams and Mrs. Welch, of Frankfort, were guests of Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, Saturday, and attendedthe War Motheis' meeting at thecourt house.Lexington Leader: "Captainand Mrs. J. D. Yarrington left onFriday for a trip to Baltimorewhere Captain Yarrington will befor a few days at the Johns HopkinsHospital. During their absenceMiss Yarrington has with her Mrs.J. T. Clark, of Paris."Ben Clark Wilson, who hasbeen in Paris on a furlough visitinghis parents, Mr. and Mrs.JX T. Wilson, on Houston avenue, returned toChicago, Saturday, to re-enter theFt. Sheridan army hospital. Mr.Wilson sustained a double fractureof the spine and other injuries inthe battle of Argonne Forest.Mrs. Durand Whipple received atelegram yesterday from her husband, Maj. Durand Whipple, announcing his safe arrival at NewYork from overseas. In the messageMaj. Whipple stated that he hadbeen ordered to report at Washington for further orders. Maj. Whipple was connected with Gen. Pershing's headquarters in the AmericanExpeditionary Force, while inFrance.Mt. Sterling Cor. LexingtonHerald: "Mr. and Mrs. Henry R.Prewitt entertained Governor JamesD. Black at dinner at their homein the country. Covers were laidfor Governor Black, JudgeSneff, County ChairmanE. W.L .R.Douglas, M. A. Prewitt, C. D.Grubbs, J. P. Young, and J. H.Thompson, of Bourbon county, J.C. Jones and Ad Lainer, of Frank-fort, Irvin Marcus and H. H. Ref-ferty, of Louisville."Mr. Geo. R. Davis returnedSaturday from fcarthage, Ohio,bringing with him his son-in-law,Mr. Wm. Swearengen, who has beenvery ill for several months at thehome of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. G. Swearengen, in that city.Mr. Swearengen expressed a desireto be brought to the home of hissister, Mrs. Julian Howe, in Paris.Mrs. Swearengen and her two children, George Davis Swearengen andEleanor Swearengen, accompaniedhim to Paris.Lexington Herald's "TravelingMen Notes:" "Dan Jordan, popularmerchant of Paris, Ky., was in thecity Friday on a business trip, and Jalso dropped into the Ben All tor arest. Wallace Howe, formerlyassociated with hotels in Torrentand Olypapia Springs, is now withthe Phoenix Hotel. Mr. Howe iswpII known among the travelingmen of this section and is very pop-welcomed to Lexington hy the boys:of the Blue Grass Council."Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Boddy, oJefferson City, Mo., are guests ofMr. and Mrs. John Sauer, in EastParis.Mr. Julian Jaanes, of the Louisville & Nashvill's local clericalforces, left Sunday morning for Allensville, Alabama, to spend his vacation as guest of his sister, Mrs. G.C. Thompon, Jr., and Mr. Thompson.(Other Personals on Page 3.)t DU. D. OF C. ELECT NEW OFFICERS. The regular monthly meeting ofRichard Howes Chapter, UnitedDaughter of the Confederacy, washeld in the Confederate room in thecourt house, Saturday afternoon.Mrs. Charles C. Leer read a very interesting paper on "The Old Southern Mammy," and Mrs. Vm. G.Talbott read a well-prepared paperon the subject of "Kentucky Menin the Civil War." Both papersgave evidence of careful preparation and were well received by thetmembers. Mrs. Russell Mann andMrs. Ada Rice were appointed delegates from the Chapter to attendthe National Convention of the D. ofC. to be held in Tampa, Fla., onNovember 12.The following officers were elected to serve for the ensuing year:President Mrs. J. T. Vansant; firstvice-president Mrs. Chas. Goldstein; second vice-president Mrs.Benj. Woodford ; secretary Mrs.Jos. H. Ewalt; registrar Mrs. Russell Mann.SHOE SHOP ROBBEDA thief entered the shoe shop ofMr. Clyde Tyree, at the corner ofMain and Eigthth streets, one nightlast week, and carried off an overcoat and two pairs of shoes. TLpolice were notified, but so far havenot found the property or a clewleading to the identity of the thief.oLAST CHANCE TO REGISTER.To-day and tomorow will be thelast oportunities afforded for registration of those voters who wereout of the city or sick on the regularregistration day. See County ClerkPearce Paton at his office in thecourt house and get your certificate.THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)Agent WantedWanted, agent for The Louisville Courier-Journal. SeeL. B. SCOTT,From 12 to 1:30, 6 to 7 p. m.Windsor Hotel. (It)LostNear Flat Rock, one black sow.with bald face, both ears slightlycropped, weighs about 250 bounds.Liberal reward if returned to- ORA RANKIN,(21-2t) Flat Rock, Ky.For Sale"Perfect Regent" Hot Blast coalstove, used but a short time. Bargain for anyone needing a goodstove. (It)Strayed or Stolen.From the Lafe Ardery farm, onthe Lexington pike, near Paris,twenty-eight turkeys, marked withhind toe cut off of left foot. Reward of $10 for return toWM. M. OVERBY,Cumb. Phone 255. Paris, Ky.(It)For Sale Privately"I Six-room cottage located at 268I Mt. Airy Avenue, is for sale pri-vately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyin the city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House con-j tains 6 rooms, bath, porches, water .works, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off side.Any one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For further particulars inquire onthe premises.MRS. LIDA B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337. (21-tf)TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760A Sensational Sale of 100Pairs ofWOOL BLANKETSPER PAIRThursday, Friday and SaturdayThese are the kind of blankets for which you pay in most stores at least$12.50. They come in plaids of black and white, red and black, gray and white,tan and white, pink and white, blue and white, also all white with pink or blueborders. All are full large double bed size. None sold to dealers.Wool Top BlanketsPer Pair $4.98Eor Monday and Tuesday OnlyLike qualities sell most anywhere from $1.00 to $1.50 per pair more. Allare large double bed sizes and come in plaids of pink, blue, gray or tan withfancy borders. Good, warm, fleecy blankets.HARRY SIMON2241W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.We Vvovef u ofStyUsh, NewFurniture.Come m and pckouV wVxaV you need.THE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor Hearse$9.98o storegffsSSm&K ftp Mmm WII H MB WEr&fMrs. HomeloVer".Buying new furniture for your home will be aneasy task if you come straight to our store.The furniture and rugs We will sell you will becorrect in style, HIGH in QUALITY and PRICEDLOW.Gome to us for what you Want for your home.Our store is a reliable place1 to trade. We Valueour reputation.T. HINTON CO. lPARIS, KENTUCKYsMotor Invalid Coach UndertakingMain StreetRariSa.Ky.,?t "' -i.sSIXTH AND MAIN1Iii' S?FJer. - . , , - uiar in me .A-. - ".rTUB3DAT, OCTOBER 21, If 1J3UK BOTJEBOH NEWS, PA1W, JOUTUUXTkfaSXHkiImIiilNSYRUPFHG5ISUttMFOR CHILDlook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsVf - Prom Stomach, liver andBowelsAccept "California" Syrup of Pigsonly look for tie name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)MOTOR TRANSPORT. TKAUIUKSCHOOIS OF THE ARMYThe United States Army is definitely launched in the field of vocational training for the motor transport corps. It has no option in thematter, for men skilled in automotive vehicle operation and repair donot exist in anything like adequatenumbers for the requirements evenof civil life; and the war with Germany has demonstrated that no matter how good our army may be inother respects, its efficiency will beconditioned by that of the motortransport branch.Therefore, the Army is organizingschools to train men in variousbranches of automobile repair, construction and operation. They arereal schools under trained teacherswhere the time of the pupil is whollydevoted to receiving instruction.RADICAL LEADER NOT YET UNDER ARREST.GARY, 2ND., Oct. 20. Military,authorities and federal agents declared last week that AlexanderIvanhoff, radical leader and chemist,formerly employed in the local steelmills and alleged maker of the thirtysix May Day bombs, is not yet underarrest. He is being sought as theresult of information said to havebeen given the federal authorities byAnton Gorski, who is under arrest.Convinced that Ivanhoff has fledfrom Gary, the federal authoritiesWednesday transferred their searchfor the radical leader to Chicago,where dozens of Department of Justice investigators are reported to befollowing clews.Federal agents backed by troopsearly Wednesday made four moreraids on homes of radical leadershere in which about twenty personswere taken in custody. Six are being held. It is said that further evi-Apart from the military necessity, j dence was obtained in these raids ofth. n,,fnmnwifi industries will bene- tne alleged piot ior an uprising oifit by the establishment of thistraining system.The United States Civil ServiceCommission is receiving applicationsto fill 150 positions of assistant instructor in motor transport trainingschools. The entrance salaries rangefrom ?1,800 to $2,400 a year. Detailed information may be obtainedfrom the United States Civil ServiceCommission, Washington, D. C, orfrom the Secretary of the U. S. CivilService Board at the post office orcustom house in any city.oFull Directions."Can you tell me where Mrs. Clarklives?" I asked. "Sure," answered thelittle fellow. "Just go down this streetto the next corner, turn to the right,and stop at the first house wherethere's a bull dog."radicals in Gary, although ColonelW. S. Mapes and other officials declined to discuss the details of theinformation obtained. ' vMore than a dozen men who weretaken into custody were questionedin connection with bomb and antigovernment plots. It also is saidarmy intelligence accents have in the;rpossession a list of several hundredalleged radicals, among whom a number are believed to be leaders in theradical movementHELP THE KIDNEYSParis Readers Are LearningWay.TheIIXIXBourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh Streetx1XIX1XX'AIiXXXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! QWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyxIt's the little kidney illsThe lame, weak or aching back-The unnoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy andBright's disease.When the kidneys are weak, .Help them with Doan's KidneyPills,x A remedy especially for weak kidneys. Doan's have been used in kidneytrouble for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home. ,Proof in a Paris citizen's statement. Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. PleasantSt., says: "I have used Doan's Kilney Pills at different times, gettingthem from Oberdorfer's Drug Storeand I have found them a splendidmedicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my backhas been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. McCord had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfgrs., Buffalo, N. Y.''(Adv.)jw r flV 9a H ak js & H aar. -- Hk&!!aaBaaM 'flaaaaKaaaaaaaaaaaaFBiK aaaaaa iB9V aaa.aaHaTrat aaam iaaawaaV tarBb Baa BBuSaL 4BBBBk-. . . LttaaaaaLBaaw VKL HHJb mkl 9aaaaaaaaaaaaaaEuaWPopular Way.One of the meanest ways to spendan afternoon off is to bother a friendwho is busy. Toledo Blade.. .&.The Buick Built Crank Shafthas been designated as the back bone of this famousValve-in-Head Motor because it must withstand theimpact of every powerful explosion that takes placein the Buick Valve-in-Head cylinder.e..Strength, accuracy and toughness are the fundamentalrequirements gauged, hammered and tempered into eachcrank shaft thru the rigid processes of expert machining,modern drop forging and special eleclric heating treatment.Materials of the highest grade, Chrome nickel-steel of apecial formulae subjected to rigid metalurgical andchemical tests, are other evidences showing how' complete the Buick Factory is equipped to manufacture thisimportant unit so essential in the successful. operation ofthe powerful Buick Valve-in-Head motor.vWhen Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. . BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsCamels are sold everywherein scientifically sealedpackages of 20 cigarettes orten packages(2 00 cigarettes)in a glassine-paper-coveredcarton. We strongly recommend this carton for thehome or office supply orwhen you travel.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.Winston-Salem, N. Cft$Q eC AMELS are in a class by themselves easily themost refreshing, the most likable cigarette youever smoked. You can prove that! Simply compareCamels puff-by-puff with any cigarette in the world atany price ! ' Put quality, flavor and cigarette satisfaction to the utmost test!Made to meet your taste, Camels never tire it, no matter howliberally you smoke them ! The expert blend of choice Turkishand choice Domestic tobaccos makes Camels delijghtful so fullbodied, yet so fascinatingly smooth and mellow-mild. Everytime you light one you get new and keener enjoyment !Freedom from any unpleasant cigaretty after taste or anyunpleasant cigaretty odor makes Camels as unusual as they areenjoyable. In fact, Camels appeal to the most fastidious smoker in somany new ways you never will miss the absence of coupons,premiums or gifts. You'll prefer Camel Quality!INDIGESTION, BHIUOSNESS, CONSTIPATION.Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this way give them atrial. You are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you.(oct-adv)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3pounds for $1.00Pork Chops 35cBest Cuts Steaks 35cRoast 25cSpring LambHindquarters 35cFrontquarters 30cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketFILLHINorMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Kyataaaaaaae9iHENDRICKS(THE SCREEN MANJ JAH Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.Mis Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.z niggms Metal bcreens and Strips are recognized asi the best by all good architects.? a a aaaaaaaa1J " - - ,-q -. .- J:a..g.,j.-? --- E J3 g - - J - 8 jfrj j jSPECIAL SALE II :jH'JDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMrS. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELiT. W. SPICERI 314 Main St.II""'' MUWI.H.I. -...CTParis, KentuckySend That Next lob off Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices-f ZnJEBDAY, OCTOBER 21f 1S19TBTj BOPlf 6ff JfW5. JPAMB. KElOTCarT"HOAD COMMMdMR b635aGrandmaComesthe DirtMustfTosV .ssLsLsT sPHS? ri0 LsWfliSmBtift x err lir fcJUAS .Mt4HTr5K3csxsa VJ -Ry i ftNg3sMssasyKeep Your FurnrtuTCCISSRWith Powdered SoapThere is no grit in Grandma it never cutsnor scratches. Will not harm the finest leatherchairs nor the finest grain mahogany.Just a tablespoonful in the water and thenSUDS creamy, radiant, glorious, foamingsuds that clean without scrubbing and withouteffort. Goes further cheaper to use.Grandma's Powdered Soap is a perfectcleansing medium, Does the work of BOTHWashing Powder and Bar Soap.Buy it from your grocer today.Don't wait until tomorrow. ;By tomorrowtoday's work.Grandma will have doneiff '.yjfff&r jl BmLMmsmimiTiz-Mmm mmi-fff irii'fTT" HMmEJ-mrrand masPowdered SOAPTnj This Powdered Soap Today"Ybux Grocer Has litThe Globe. Soap Gbmpanij. Cincinnati.and EMPH07ES NEW HIGHWAY.FRANKFORT, KY.f Oct. 20. Aseventy-five- mile hard surface Federal highway project through Hart,Green, Taylor, Marion, Boyle andMercer counties, estimated to cost$1,250,000, has been approved byCommissioner of Roads Joseph Boggssubject to the counties raising thefollowing sums for their share of theexpense :Hart, $44,547.24; Green, $85,500;Taylor, $82,837.50; Marion, $94,051.30; Boyle, $48,350; and Mercer,$24,624 45.The route of the proposed projectis from the Green-Hart line nearGooch's mill to the Jackson highwayat Hardyville by way of Monroe,thence through Green county fromGooch's mill by way of Dononsburgand Greensburg to the Taylor countyline at Finley, thence through Taylor by way of Campbellsville andSalome to the Marion County line,thence through Marion by way ofLebanon to the Boyle County line,thence through Boyle County by wayof Parksville and Danville or Perryville to the Mercer County line,thence to Harrodsburg.oCATAE3UE CANNOT BE CUBEDr BbPtbV sBrVassy aBsaW S z -iM LsV"'4BSBBSBBBBB7BBBBBBVC!asBBBBBr .bsbbbbT " i Wr tu B"NSSy" -With LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (oct-adv)CLINICS FOR BLINDNESS TOHELD' IN EACH COUNTYBESHASTUNG AMENDMENT REJECTED IN SENATE.WASHINGTON, Oct 20. Thelong debate Shantung amendment tothe peace treaty, presented by Senator Henry C. .Lodge and approvedby the Foreign Relations Committee,finally was rejected in the Senatewith a majority of a score against it.two Republicans were put on recordas in favor of the amendment andone Republican and three Democratsas opposing it.The roll call, which came at theend of another six and a half hoursthe six changes were debated andvoted ron as one.Only three of the committee's 45amendments now remain to be actedon by the Senate, 36 previously having been rejected. Of those remain-of sharp debate, in reality swept lif-f;1 -iSSf" rt!"away six amendments instead of one,each change in the treaty text having been numbered separately by thecommittee in its decision to strikeout the word "Japan" and substitutethe word "China" throughout thsections relating: to the province ofIn the vote of 35 to 55, 14 Republicans swung over to the pro-treatyTm-nar arViilo lrroft TIPTn npmfs linedAy-"i """v """- .W.W - , ,,up with those supporting the pro- onantuug.posal. Of the six Senators absent, By unanimous consent, however,I "XSXiwivaaviXW. DAVISTUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.IXM'h'.Kxg-!- -'THE UNIVERSAL CAR4The Ford Sedan h the favorite family car,""seats five comfortably. While an enclosed carwith permanent top, 'it has large windows, andmay in a minute be changed to a most delightful open car with always a top protecting'against the sun. In inclement weather it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof cold-proof-Finelyupholstered. Equipped with electricThe delights of the electriccar with the economy or theFord.sentation on the Reparations Commission and two to equalization ofvoting power in the League of Nations Assembly.oPRESENCE OF MIND SATESWOMAN'S MONEY.LOUISVILLE, KY., OCT. 20.Presence of mind by carrying on aconversation with herself, as if talking to her husband, and imitating aman's voice, saved Mrs. Norma Ramona, 610 South Jackson Street,from the loss of money and jewelsat 8:30 o'clock Thursday night.She was alone with her infant inthe kitchen, when she heard noisesin the dining room. When she saw ajiegro s nana stealing tnrougn acrack in the door as if trying toopen it wider, she began talking;.The ruse worked and the negro departed, leaving behind a pocket bookcontaining $15.oJAMES STUCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTME $125 FOR PLUMBINGBILLS."Clinics for the prevention of blindness, will be held in every county ofthe State in which there is no public nursing organization, the work,being done by the American RedCross, Kentucky Society for the Prevention of Blindness and the UnitedStates Public Health Service, according to Miss Linda Neville, field worker for the Red Cross, who was incharge of the recent clinic in Edmonson county.The home service section of theRed Cross is co-oneratinfr with theother agencies which have been doing the work in the Kentucky mountains for many years, and expects toextend it to other States.oWHERE THRE'S A BABY ON THEFARM KEEP RAT-SNAPPATE BANRuggles Motor Co.16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky."We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes with refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)oNO RACE SUICIDE IN OLD ENGLAND.Rats are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. Nursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throw it around. It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)oProvide Playground.The truly normal, mlschief-Iovinjryoungster (and all healthy childrenare both) simply cannot live withoutplay. If this is denied him he willdroop like a flower transplanted Intounhealthy soil. However, if he findsit difficult to keep oa friendly termswith his small neighbors his mothermust see to it that he has his ownplayground at home. It won't costmuch to fit up such a fairyland, andit will prove an investment that willpay back undreamed of returns. NewYork Evening Telegram.BRIGHtERTij;EVJt,NlNr vy .m- -Ig.NCoL -T"HThe Stmy of a Turret CaptmnPromotioa'm the Navy comes quickly tothose who qualify for higher ratings. laMarch 1899 ATp. Nilsson enlisted in theNavy as an Apprentice Seaman, 3rd das,la April 1907 he was rated Chief TurretCaptain. His pay today U $165.76 peraaoath.A mans life among menf-Reel them off "Rio",Gibraltar;Ceylon, Yokohama all the greatporta of the world are they onlyplaces on the map to youj or arethey porta where you've.gone sailing in from the high seas withevery eye along the shore turnedadmiringly on your big shipyour ship I Every ocean has aUnited States ship sailing fortome port worth seeing.If you've any call in you for alull life join, and color all youryears ahead with memories ofthings worth seeing with knowledge worth having with an inexhaustible fund of sea tales andadventures picked up ashore andafloat that will make you a welcome man in any comprWork? sure, and a man's workit is, among men.Play? weU,ratherrwfthababciiof men who know how to playThese comrades of yours carryin their ears the sounds of greatworld cities, of booming guns, oCswashing seas sounds you willshare with them and that willnever die away.And when you come home, you'llface life ashore with level eyeifor Uncle Sam trains in sreliance as well as self-respect.The Navy builds straight m9ino mollycoddles.-i s.Enlist for two years. Excellent opportunities for advancement.Four weeks holidays with pay each year. Shore leave to see is-land sights at ports visited. Men always learning. Good foodand first uniform outfit free. Pay begins the day you enlist. Octfull information from your nearest recruiting station. If yaa donot know where the nearest recruiting station is, ask yaoPostmaster. He knows.Shove off! -Join theu.s.NavyIIHIllMMMtltltltMtlHttMMniMHIIMMIIIIMH-SSaSBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBsHsBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBWThe JL T. Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36NIssht s . . 56or Home 386Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourBBKl!?BBBBBB9BHBMKS3fiBBlHtBBBBBBBfl-BBaBaSSBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBSSBBMBaBUlSSassssssssssssssssasjCiii i " " "e" 'rt jTrMlSSSr LivSk?More babes were born in Englandduring August than in any previousmonth since the beginning of thewar. Official returns show the number to be 6,390, cauivalent to an annual rate of 18 per thousand, and461 more babes than for the samemonth of 1918."I believe that during and afterwars more boys than girls are born,"said Dr. Mary Scharlieb, a specialist,discussing the report. "I think official figures will prove that moreboys are- born during periods ofstress, hardship and food shortage,and more girls during periods ofwealth, ease "and luxury "CONSTIPATION.The beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is best accomplished by proper -diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant . totake. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or mdkes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.9seGlee 'trie Styfor LightingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor eating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let UsrFix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas. -Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inoon?tedHH)M 1 1 !" !! I M' I'M I' M' I It '! I tKM MMIHIHHSave Time and MoneyBy Using aHome Telephoneto".Residence rate ranging from 1.352.00 per month for Bourbon Countyservice.Place your order now and avoid triefall ru.srx on installs.&Paris Home Telephone Telegrah aComany(Incorporated)11n.-J. J Veaten,' ,Distrist Kama?;W. H. Oaimti; Inal-I"3.vli v-v.5-z9"fc'A--- vv " .N:v -f J&I EIGHTTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. S TUESDAY, OCTOBMR 21, 1I1S '-,t Y ,, ifitiHMILLERSBURGwEvaporated peaches at Caldrell's. Prices right.See the nice line of faU andrenter shoe-wear at Caldwell's.Miss Levina Layson left Wed-jmeBd-ayfor a visit to relatives atTJfexico, Mo.Mr. Carlton Ball left MondayStar Louisville to attend the GrandXodge of F. & A. M.airs. T. P. Wadell left Thurs-,.'3iaty tor a visit to her daughter, Mrs.'Wilson, at Ragin, Pa."Dr. W. G. Dailey left to-day forxljouisville, to attend the Mississippi'Valley Medical Association, now in..session there.See he Viking cream separatorsmt Caldwell's. The best and most-improved machine on the market,-writh a life-time guarantee.Regular meeting of Amity3)dge No. 40, F. & A. M., at 7:30-dto-night. Second degree work. Allmembers urged to he present.Rev. A. S. Venable, of Lexington, former pastor of the Presbyteorian church .here, was the guest of. .X A. "Butler and family, Thursdayatao" Friday.Dr. C. B. Smith and Mrs. S. C.-Carpenter returned Saturday from-de Mayo Hospital, at Rochester,3Gmi., where Mrs. Carpenter wasjcnder treatment.Rev. W. W. Morton was in-tJrayson, Ky., from Saturday until-tfcr-fiay, where he assisted in the inartallation of the new pastor of the"iJPresbyterian church.Mrs. A. S. Best was hostess to;fhe members of the Twentieth. Cen.tury Club at her home in this cityJfriday afternoon. An interesting---program was ohserved during the af--iernoon,after which refreshmentsvwere served.The marriage of Miss Mary"Xouise Bruce to Mr. James PattersonTail, the latter of Paris, will be solemnized on Wednesday, October 25,-t 4:00 p. m., at the Methodisthurch. All friends are cordially.invited to attend.Mr. Smitt, of Chicago, 111., open--d the State-wide prohibition cam-jtign at the Methodist church, Fri. ay evening. A good audience wasIn. attendance. He is a strong, forclHe speaker. Other speakers will,5risit here before election day.On account of the inclementweather the rummage sale scheduledift e feeld l)y the ladies of the Meth-delist church in the Red Cross rooms.t the Millersburg College was post"gponed until Saturday, when it was"keli with good financial results.iThe -recital given on Mondayserening at the M. C. auditorium by'3Csses Jones and Mengues, instruc--rjrrslnvoice and expression of thecollege, was good, and well attended."Their numbers were well selected,-Jcml they were recipients of numerous enccores. The college has astrong faculty, and no one couldmake a mistake in placing theiriUnighters or wards in any of its dejpartments. The meat house of Mrs. Wm."Burroughs was broken into Thurs--4ynight. Four hams and oneTpiece of sidemeat were taken. Thethieves made an entrance throughthe foundation. The Mulliken"bloodhounds, of Lexington, were putm the trail Friday morning, and-trailed the thieves to the home of"Mr. George Stoker, where they enttfired a steel-tired buggy, and wentf toward Paris. The authorities ofl'Pris, Millersburg and all the surrounding towns were notified. Thusf far none of the property has been recovered.DEATHS.STRODE.After a short illness, followingan operation performed at the ClarkCounty Hospital, in Winchester, Mrs.Clayton Strode, aged fifty-four years,one of the best-known and best-lovedwomen in Clark county, died atthat institution at an early hourSunday morning.Mrs. Strode was formerly MissJennie Eubank, a member of one ofthe onost prominent Clark countyfamilies, and from her early youthwas one of the popular young women of the county. Among her intimates she ranked as a woman ofculture, refinement and of sweetsympathies, a kind neighbor, devoted mother and a true friend, onewho, cast in a heroic mould, bravely met the stern requirements andoften the disappointments of life.Her affection for her friends andkindred was a marked characteristic of her womanly nature and herhome instincts, were of the strongestkind. Her life was a rare jewel, herspirit as gold refined in the fire.She is survived by her husbandand five children, Nelson Strode,Homer Strode, of Clark County, Mrs.Cecil Haggard and Miss Ruth Strode,of Winchester, Mrs. Clay Sutherland,of Paris. Three sisters and twobrothers also survive, Mrs. EmmaBeall, of Mt. Sterling, Mrs. W. D.Judy and Miss Efile Eubank, ofClark county, William W.Eubank and Porter Eubank, ofMontgomery county. Her parentsand one brother preceded her to thegrave several years ago.The funeral took place yesterdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the graveside inthe Winchester Cemetery, by Rev.Dr. C. M. Thompson. The pallbearers were: Active Clay Haggard, Gay Strode, Ollie Hadden,Walter Strode, William Eubank,Thos. Rutledge, J. W. Hedden, Jr.,and Virgil Hiatt; Honorary S. J.Conkwright, P. Y. Drake, James W.Scott, W. H. Tucker, Harvey Hunt,J. K. Allen. W. R. Spahr, J. M. Stevenson, A. B. Mahan, N. H. Witherspoon, Sam P. Hodgkin and W. T.Ogden.COX.Mr. Joseph M. Cox, a formerresident of North Middletown, diedat his home in Frankfort, Sundaynight, after a long illness. He issurvived by his wife, four daughters,Mrs. Mattie Matthews, Misses Jessieand Judith Cox, of Frankfort, Mrs.E. F. Burgess, of Big Stone Gap,Va., and one son, Charles H. Cox,of Phoenix, Arizona.Mr. Cox was born and reared inFayette county. When a youngman he engaged in the mercantilebusiness in North Middletown, remaining these several years, movingfrom there to Frankfort. He servedthrough the Civil War as a buglerin Baxton's Battery, Grace's Brigadein Gen. Simon Boliver Buckner'sCorps.!T0 ATTEND MEETING MASONICGRAND LODGE.rThe Kentucky Masonic GrandHKlge will convene in Louisville to4ay in annual session. Delegatesfrom all over the State will be in attendance. Matters of great importance to the order will came up forconsideration.Jir. and Mrs. Raymond McMillan,M. H. H. Davis and Judge C. A. McTMilJan left yesterday to attend the-esions, making the trip in the forTmer's automobile.GAINES.Following a long illness, Wm.I Gaines, aged seventy-nine, one of theprominent farmers and best-knownConfederates in the Centerville vicinity for years, died at his home inGeorgetown, early Friday morning.Col. "Billy" Gaines as he was familiarly known to his comrades and toa host of warn friends, was one ofNature's noblemen, a Christian gentleman, a brave and gallant soldier,and one whose very nature drewfriendst o his side. He was one ofthe most devoted members of thatgallant band who followed Col. W. C.Breckinrirdge and Gen. Jorn H. Morgan in the fortunes of war throughthe four years of strife. He was beloved by his comrades and highly esteemed by all who knew him.- Col.Gaines was a native of FayetteCounty, having been born in the OldUnion vicinity, but was a citizen ofthis county by adoption, having removed to near Centerville in youth,where he resided until a few yearsago, when he moved to Georgetown.Col. Gaines is survived by his wfe,Mrs. Allie Murphy Gaines, one brother Mr. John S. Gaines, and the following nephews and nieces: Dr. JohnALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30 .ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc wajr tax 10cToday, TuesdayBryant WashburnIN'Love Insurance'AlsoANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY In'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"The Rajah"Tomorrow, WednesdayMarion DaviesINiijyThe Dark StarVictims of fate! Because theywere born under the Dark Star.Aud the fate of rulers and empires was tangled in the life ofthis simple country girl.Robert W. Chambers' greatesttale of adventure.Also Bray PictographThursday, Oct. 23rdFlorence ReedIN99'Wives of MenA remarkable photo-drama inseven parts wit Frank Milis inthe supporting cast.Charles Chaplinin his first million dollar picture,"A DOG'S LIFE"Biggest and best yet made bythe King of the Screen.Alamo and Grand Saturday, Oct. 25thThe Really Big mm kWMMMfWl A The Incomparable, in5-J-.J-. NAZIMUVA "The Brat"Her first appearance as an American heroine. It's her own version of Maude Fulton's smashing stage play.ADMISSION Adults 31c plus 4c war tax, 35c. Children and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax, 25cS. Gaines, Jr., of New York; Dr. Edward Barlow, of Georgetown; Mrs.Bedell Parker, of New York; Mrs.William Carrick Ward, Georgetown;Mrs. James Reed Nutter, Lexington.The funeral was held in the Christian Church at Newton, Scott County, on Saturday morning, at 10:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris, assitedby Prof. W. C. Bower, of Transylvania Colege, Lexington. The interment followed on the family lot inthe cemetery at Jacksonville, thiscounty. The pall-bearer were hisformer oucmrades-in-arms, ElleyBlackburn, E. P. Halley, M. H. Haggard, W. N. Offutt, George W. Ware,Dr. D. B. Knox. Members of all theU. D. C. Chapters from the surrounding counties attended the funeraland burial.oMATRIMONIAL.HENRY SUDER. .Mrs. M. A. Houston, of near Paris,annouunces the engagement of hersister, Miss Ellen Henry, Akron, O.,to Mr. Norman H. Suder, of the sameplace. The wedding will take place inin Akron, on the next Thursday, October 23.The bride-to-be is a former resident of Paris, and is a graduate ofthe class of 1915 of the Paris HighSchool. She is a charming and talented young woman and has a hostof friends in this city who wishmuch happiness. The groom is ayoung business man of Akron.iisgiiiiflssflsaJ3iia34a' zrr35' 3g-sdisgug 'di!ig.3i:.saijgijjyaisasijsisi. zsgmiiijasimssss'sggggsiigimrftIfilPfifiBBlliiiflHmm ISIf 11Pi W IlUr I'iX nrr "u-1 ' ;,mTJhis Crescentola(jalking 7fachin&And 10 sftSKL RecordsONLY$87.50We have the finest line of TalkingMachines ever brought to Paris.Christmas is only a short time away.Come in and make an early selection.HEAR THE DALION ANDPATHE MACHINESSirooks & Snapp Drug Co.BSBEZEs:..ssgi53igs.-frntsiii.gii.JifiHi-i'8ftsr.ffgitgiis?ns1ii-.i'.-i .rrij?JA Complete Optical ServiceFor Out -of -Town PeoplePeople who come to Lexington for a single daywill appreciate this quick service in the examinattion of the eyes.The examinations are free and the glasses arev ground in our own shops and delivered to you onthe same day.Extremely moderate charges prevail and thecharacter of all our work is marked by high qualityand skill.Fayette Optical Shop311-31$ Wttt Main Strttt Ltxington, KtntuckyLUND ELDER.Mr. and Mrs. Willis E. Lund, ofLong Branch, N. J., have announced the tngagement of their daughter. Miss Gladys Lund, to 'Lieut.Eugene V. Elder, now stationed atLong Branch in the U. S. Army Signal Corps service. The weddingwill take place in the early winter.The groom-elect is a son of Mr.and Mrs. F. S. Elder, and a brotherof Mr. Thos. Elder and Misses Rosina and Ruby Elder, of Paris. Heis a graduate of the Paris HighSchool and of the University of Kentucky. His many friends in Parisextends hearty congratulations inadvance of the happy event that willbring him a fair and charming bride. (" PLUMMER ALLEN.The marriage of Miss Ada Plunimer, of Paris, to Mr. Merle F. Allenn,of Pittsfield, Illinois, was solemnizedlast week at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The wedding was a very quiet affair,on account of a recent bereavementin the bride's family. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Allen left for atrip to St. Louis, Kansas City and !other Western points of interest.They will make their home in Pittsfield, in an attractive bungalow thathas been made ready for them.The bride, who is a pretty andwinsome young woman, wore a trav-eling suit of dark brown suedecloth, with hat, shoes and gloves tomatch, and a corsage bouquet of Jpink roses. She. is the daughter of jMr. and Mrs. A. W. Plunimert ofParis, and has many friends and admirers throughout the Bluegrass region, sne is a graduate oi xne iiiilersburg College, and was afterward one of the most popular teachers in the Bourbon county schools.Mr. Allen is connected in thereal estate business in Pittsfieldwith his father, and is a splendidyoung business man. He is a graduate of the University of Illinois,where he won the championship inathletics, and was also a"Hoted football star.The following announcementshave been issued: "Mr. and Mrs. A.W. Plummer announce the marriageof their daughter, Ada, to Mr. MerleFrancis Allen, on Wednesday, October the fifteenth, Nineteen hundredand nineteen, Paris, Kentucky; AtHome, after October twenty-second,Opening DisplayNew Fall Boots5Greatest selections of most magnificent Fall Footwear we have ever offered. Superior in everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat must be a strong incentive to buy now.BE CORRECTLYSHOD!See the new models,compare prices, andthe big savings affordedwill surely make itworth your attention.Ladies' soft, smooth-fitting Kid, inblack and brown, Louis or Cubanheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .$7.95Men's Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts foryour fit, at$7.95School Shoes For Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng.Shoes at 44.3DMisses' Dark Tan Eng- j a A j9inHsh Boots at $4.00 and $3.49$3.49$2.49Misses' Gun Metal English BootsatMisses' and Children's Gun MetalBoots atTanMen's Mahoganybhoes atBoys' Dark Tan English Shoes atBoys' Gun Metal English ShoesatBoys' Gun Metal Lace ShoesatEnglish fcc OCpouo$3.49 and $4.50...$3.49...$1.99DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoresiIPittsfield, Illinois. ' - . it