't 3s,x JFV"l iZ&3 i ,.'refSzsfb',NEWSTJ1fH-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FET 1Y IN THE YEAR.ltVOLUME XXXVillTiPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1919f--1BTHEBOURBON' -SEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.AWILL OP MR. THOS. H. CLAY, JR., i COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATIONPROBATED.TO MEET.The Paris Realty Co. sold WednesSay for Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger a cot-Private Carl W Johnson has arriv-rage -on, Pinion avenue, me purcnaser ; ed Home from. - Camp McClelland,being Mrs. Mattie Johnson. The I where he has been, stationed having--- , ..v.. .u.price paid for the property was notgiven out for publication.Three small cottages on Pleasantstreet belonging to Mrs. Ed. C. Keller, . of Louisville, formerly of Paris,were sold Tuesday through the Walter Clarke Real Estate Agency, to;&Irs. R. B. Hutchcraft, for $3,300.icueiveu ius nnai aiscnarge papersfrom the service; .He is the guest ofhis parents, Mr. and -Mrs., J. R.R. Jouhson, of near Paris.The W. Z. Thomson faim of 518acres, located about five miles fromGeorgetown, on the Lexington pike,advertised in several issues of THEBOURBON NEWS, was sold at public auction Tuesday, being sub-dividedin four small farms. Tract No.1, 148 acres, was purchased by BenB. Bridges for $324 an acre; tractNo. 2, 180 acres, was bought by N.M. Thompson, of Woodford county,tor $325 an acre; tract No. 3, 126acres, was sold to A. Little, of Fayette county, for $310 an acre, andthe fourth tract, 64 acres, was purchased by the latter par.ty for $305.-150 an acre. The entire place brought?16,864.Private Simon Buchanan, who hasrecently returned from overseas service, is at home near Clintonville,from Camp Dix, New Jersey, for aten-days' furlough. At the expiration of his furlough, he will returnto Gamp Dix, to receive his finaldischarge papers from the service ofUncle Sam.In the County Court, Wednesday, " oe l?e aiviwoua oiJudge George Batterton probated the Lue VUIVf BoarQ;J T" n W "last will and testament of the late ' "lTST -l" -, ,- 'Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., who Saturday, March 1, instead of Mondial RPVPrnl rlnv pt t his hnma lu' ieviuuaiy auuuuuucu.- w - -- w. MOT W QV M W .V-WF"The Heights," on the WinchesterOfficers and soldiers being discharged from the military servec atCamp Zachary Taylor have begun toreceive $60 bonus each, under theact of Congress signed by PresidentWilson.Since the signing of 'the armistice68,320 discharges have taken placeat the cnp. These officers, privatesand nurses will receive $4,099,200.As a result of the inability of auctioneer George D. Speakes to maketwo public sales Wednesday, Auctioneer Charles Peters, of Flemingsburg, conducted the sale for Dr. T.C. Jones, administrator of the estateof Mr. W. T. Jones. He sold a 45acre tract of land with improvements for $225 an acre, and an ad-joining tract containing 65 acresbrought $166.25 an acre.Live stock brought the followingprices: 110-pounds shoats, $21.30per head; cows, $65 to $95 per head;horses $75 to $100 per head; chickess 90 cents to $1.10 each; turkeyliens, $5 each; turkey gobblers,$6.25 each.Corporal Sherman Snapp, of Paris,who has been for -some time in 'thePersonnel Office at Camp Lewis, inWashington, on the Pacific Coast,has resumed his old position as traveling representative of the RoyalBaking Powder Co. He has been assigned to his former territory in Califronia, with headquarters in Sacrepnento. Corporal Snapp has receivedhis final discharge from the service.COUNTY COURT NEWStIn the County Court yesterday theFirst National Bank & Trust Company qualified as guardian of LeeRussell Penn, by furnishing bond inthe penal sum of $5,000.The Court appointed Allie HartMiller as guardian, of William McClure Miller and Charles Hart Miller, infant children under fourteenyears of age, and heirs of the lajeBt. William Mac Miller, of MiJersJourg. Mrs. Miller furnished bond inthe penal sum of $6,000, 4tn J. F.McDaniel and" John H. Stewart, bothof Millersburg, as sureties.Marion Ryles Qualified as administrator of the estate of the late 'Mrs.Emily Collins Smith by furnishingbond in the sum or ?&,uuu, wnu om.H. Shropshire as surety. The Courtappointed Derice Johnson, Herberte:iith and John N. Shropshire as appraisers of the estate.A warrant was issued for the arrest of George Williams, colored,whom Patrolman George W. Judystyled "the prince of bootleggers."The officer intercepted George as hewas alighting from the 6:50 p. m. mterurban car from Lexington at Fourteenth street. When George saw Patrolman Judy he retraced his stepsand set his basket down, leaving thecar at Eighth street and making hisWhen Effie Cross, colored, left theLouisville & Nashville" train at Millersburg, Saturday night, she had asuitcase, which seeming was weighted down with something heavierthan ordinary wearing apparel. Con.t.t T4rtiio tank eharere of thesuitcase, which, when opened, revealed its contents upon actual countto be twenty pints of whiskey. 'Shewas brought to Paris and lodged injail while the suitcase and consentswere held as evidence. In JudgeBatterton's Court yesterday the hear4r fnenitAd in her being held to theoJh inrv in S200 bond. Failing tofurnish this she was remandedthe custody of Jailer Taul.Colonel H. H. Pfeil, 35th Field Artillery, who has .been at Camp Taylor, arrived in Lexington, Wednesday, to find a location and open arecruiting office for the United StatesRegular Army, to be headquartersfor Kentucky.Colonel Pfeil stated that final arrangements for opening the stationand its location had not yet beencompleted, but that it was probablethat these details would be arrangedwithin the next two days.pike, near Paris.Mrs. Elizabeth Woodford Clay is(made executrix of the will, with therequest that the Court require nobond of her, and that no inventoryor appraisement of the estate bemade.No provision is made for his twochildren, Thomas Henry Clay, III,and Elizabeth Woodford Clay, because Mr. Clay expressed the beliefthat their mother would do what isbest for them.The document, which bore date ofOctober 21, 1916, is short, and (makesthe following disposition of his property: "I Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., ofBourbon county, Kentucky, being ofsound mind and memory make thistmy will."First I direct that all of myjust debts be paid as soon, after mydeath as practicable."Second I give, devise and bequeath to my "beloved wife, Elizabeth Woodford Clay, my entire estate, both real and personal, absolutely and in fee simple, with fullpower to sell and dispose of same inany manner in which she may. seeproper."I do not bequeath any propertyto my children, Thomas Henry Clay,III, and Elizabeth Woodford Clay,because I know their mother will dowhat is best for them."I appoint said wife, ElizabethWoodford Clay, as executrix of thismy last will and request that thecourt require no bond of her and thatthere be no inventory and appraisement .of. my estate."Written and singned by me thisthe twenty-first day of October, nineteen hundred and sixteen."(Signed)"THOMAS HENRY CLAY, JR."Divisional District No. 1 will meetat ten o'clock, a. m., and is cojtnpos-j ed of the following members: D. C.Lisle, Frank Current, J. -M. Leach,Grant Galloway.District No. 2, composed of C. B.Brannock, W. W. Kiser, R. R. Hail,A. Hf Fritz and W. E. Cook, willmeet at 10:45 a. m.District No. 3, composed of J. A.Bailey, W. W. 'Purdy, Ashby Leerand W. L. Cantrill, will meet atill: 00 a. m.District No. 4, composed of Rey-'nqlds Letton, Sam Clay, Tilford Hin'TtTeand. C. J.'Day, will meet at 11:15afln. -District No. 5, composed of W. R.Tutlle and J. R. Mitchell, will meetatll:30,a. m. 'District No. 6, composed of J. F.Ingels, Robert Stipp, Winstead.Spears, .Geo. Link and C. R. White,will meet at 11:45 a. m.TOBACCO MARKETS.HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVEG. S. Varden & Son have on display in their show windows a number of helmets that were formerlyworn by officers in the German armyduring ""'the late war." These helmets, ware picked' up the battlefieldsof Verdun, "St. Mihael and otherplaces. There is- also a gas -maskand a trench lamp in the collection.The souvenirs were sent from Franceby Capt. (Pr.) James A. Orr, to hissister, Miss Olivia E. Orr, of Paris.Central Kentucky's two largestcontributions to the War Base Hospital Unit No. 40 of Barrow's Unit,as it is familiarly known, and the113th Field Signal Battalion, willarrive home shortly, if present information reaching Lexington from bothorganizations i6 true.Similar communication have beenreceived in Paris by relatives of theBourbon county boys, who are members of the Barrow Unit and. the Signal Batallioh.One share of Peoples Building feTian Assoniation stock will net youone hundred 'dollars in less thanPseven years. Ten shares, one thousand dollars in same time. Don't forget to buy stock in the new seriesopeningSaturday night, March 1,1919, at the Peoples Deposit Bank-&Trust Co.(25-2t)oIMPERIAL ENCAMPMENT TO ENTERTAIN WEDNiiS-BAY NIGHT.Members of Imperial EncampmentI. O. OrF.,- their wives, daughters,sweethearts and sisters xre invitedand "expected to attend a social session and oyster supper to be given inthe lodge room on the night of Wednesday, larch 5.At this meeting the Royal PurpleDegree will be conferred on severalcandidates. The ladies are asked tobe present at 8:15 o'clock.Fourteen wagons, loaded heavilywith tobacco, -passed - THE NEWSoffice yesterday morning, en route tothe local warehouses, where, as amatter of course, they will bringhigh prices. Bourbon county tobaccois bringing a premium' in the marketand the Paris market is the best inKentucky, admittedly so.Almost every day, and even Sunday, necessity compelling this, longlines of heavily loaded wagons passup Main street, destined for the localmarkets. If the farmers and the tobacco people are not getting a generous outpour from the horn of plenty, there's something wrong in Denmark. Tobacco to-day is one of theprincipal sources of revenue in theCentral Kentucky counties.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold in the Paris Houseyesterday 64,950 pounds of tobaccofor $22,757.70, an average of $35.03.The market was about steady at therecent decline in prices. Some ofthe best crop averages follow:Woodford & Tarr, 1,860 pounds,average $50.14.Soper & Anderson, 3,990 pounds,average $33.35.Russell Hinkle, 2,705 pounds, average $42.07.Wesseman & Chreland, 4,645pounds, average $50.54.Judy & Wess, 2,505 pounds, average $44.69.Lowe Bros., 5,290 pounds, average $0 7.98FARMERS MEETING AT COUXT?HOUSE MONDAY. .There will be a meeting of thefarmers of Bourbon county at th.court house at Paris on Monday,March 3, at 1 p. jm., for the purposeof deciding upon the advisability ofemploying a County AgricultulAgent and a Home DemonstrationAgent. Judge Batterton and thmembers of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court request your presence atthis meeting in order that you mayexpress your -views in the matter.The meeting will be addressed bythe Hon. Mat. S. Cohen, Commissioner, who has made a remarkable record, and who is blessed with the divine gift of eloquence in addition tohis other numerous qualification.You will also have the pleasure ofnearmg Mr. Morgan O. Hughes, of 'Bowling Green, who was featured ina recent article in the "CountryGentleman" under the title of "ThevBest Farmer in Kentucky." In 1317,after paying all expenses on his twohundred and fifty-nine acre farm.Mr. Hughes had a clear profit of over$50.00 per acre. Any remarks hmay care to make will be worth traveling many miles to hear. ' vBourbon counts-farmers may neveragain have an opportunity of hearing the two foremost agriculturalistin Kentucky upon the same platform,so do not forget this meeting; Besure to bring a friend.COLLECTOR EXPLAINS ASINCOME REQUIREMENTS.TOCIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.An rTKvn pomnptitivfi examinationfor fireman-laborer, as custodian of ADMINISTRATION SAYS NATUt.h Paris nostoffice 'building, willbe conducted in the Governmentbuilding in tin-, city, on March 15,under auspices of the Civil ServiceCommission. Mr, Wm. E. CUtrke,local secretary, will be in charge.On account of the difficulty ex-nM-ieneedIn securing: men for theRAL GAS ORDER WILLSTAND." The United States . Fuel Administration has no present intention ofrevoking the order of December 12,Uniting the natural gas supply ofOhio. Indiana. Kentucky and Westcustodian service the naximum age Virginia to domestic consumers and alfohit for the custodian service has few most essential Users. This an-been waived and women will be ad- jioujicement was made by T. G.mltted4o exeminations forthe dura- Gregory, Director of the Natural Gastion of the war. Section, oil division of the adtmnis-Full particulars will be furnished tration, who held hesmngs on a pe-.. .. x m -r i;ii ir(n. nA HnrJliaHP-5 Withupon application io air. wm. &. uuuu ut muuti .-"--"Clarke, local Secretary, at the Paris a view to equalizing distribution unpostoffice - - der the Fuel Admnistration s order.Collector of Internal Revenue El-Clarence Hinkle, 2,135 pounds, av- wood Hamilton, of Lexington, is receiving irequent inquiries as to tneamount to be included under thetoFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanNINETEEN HIGH-GRADE COWSAT PUBLIC SALE SATURDAYAt the public sale to be held at theTaylor farm, on the Paris and Maysville pike, near the city limits, nextSaturday, by Collier Bros., Mrs. J. U.Boardman will seirher entire herd ofhigh-grade dairy cows, all good milkers and excellent animals for thedairy. A fine chance for someone toSet a dairy herd of proved value.They should be seen to be appreciated. Terms will be made known onday of sale, which will be conductedby auctioneer George D. Speakes.nn,to aiA in Tia one of the best dairyfcprrfR in the State. ' Attend' tfifrf saleon next Saturday, beginning at teno'clock. izo-a .REPORT OE M. 3. LOVELL SALE.3U the sale of live stock, crop, etc.,held on the premises of the owner,Mr. M. B. Lovell, by AuctioneerGeorge D. Speakes, Wednesday, cowsold at from ?100 to $175 per head,aows from $35 to $75 per -head,yearling cattle, $81.50 'per- head,horses from $50 to $120 er -head,chickens, ninety cemts to 1;1o0lcorn in crib, from .$825 toJ8.J Perbarrel; hay, from-$20-to $25.50 perA telecrram has been received byMrs. "Rubv Arnsnarger announcing Ithevsafe arrival at New York fromoverseas of her son, Clifton Arnsparger, who has been in France sev-ot-oITvirtnths us n. member of theCoast Artillery branch of the servicewith the American ExpeditionaryForces. Mrs. Arnsparger has another son, Lucien Arnsparger, 4n theservice, who is now thought to be enroute'back hoVne, as letters addressedto him at Paris, Ky., have been received here.Wayne Cottingham,' former newspaper man of Paris -and Lexington,returned to Paris, Wednesday, fropnCamp Zachary Taylor, where, he hasreceived his final discharge papers.Wayne was such a good man that theauthorities placed him in' the Finance Office; where he could watchover the pay-rolls and exercise anprl supervision. He will spenda few days in Paris and then resumehis old position on the LexingtonLeader. Wayne hoped to see activeservice in the ranks, but was justrone or tne mauj uuumvuo -pointed ones.A GOOD INVESTMENT.Let the Peoples Building & LoanAssociation show you how to providefor the future. What a record! Tendividends averaging 7 per cent, annually. New series onens Saturdaynight, March 1. 1919, atsthe PeoplesDeposit Bank & Trust Co-(2g2t)' -WE KNOW HOW&tSTRATRIX BRINGS DAMAGE SUIT AGAINST .RAILROAD.ir" D. Hines, Director-Generalof thcxailroads of .the United States,was made defendant in a suit for1j crc fliwl in the office r tneClerk of the Bouroon circuit uun,.--nr Mrs Inez Burns.- widowand administratrix of her husband'sHestate, filed suit tnrougn ur --r::-.oi w j Whitlev. of. Paris, forS,i Apoth of her husband, Robbie"DnniaThe petition alleges that Burns,who was a locomotive engineer, waskilled in, Corbin, Ky., m by .beingstruck by an engine backing in whilecrossing the tracks' going to his ownSSnS. The petition alleges grossSgect on 'the .part of, the. railroad"inpany- Burns resided. on Parrish1J:Z 'this citv. Besides'lusjwldowlie is surviyedby five, smallDon'tExperimentwithHats!RITICAL DRESSERS find our new styles inStetson Hats just what they have in niindand you are sure of Stetson values, as youknow we carry a representative line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.We EmphasizeStetson Hatsbecause the tendency is all toward higher pricedhats and wewantyou toJknow we can give yousound values. ' aDrop in the next time youare passing by and let usshow you jhese Hats.$6.00 to $10.00MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts ', Stetson Hats ' ..erage ?49.46. ,Stoker & Wagoner, 1,340 pounds,average $49.46.Burris & Sutton, 4,540 pounds, average ?37.79.Thurman Hinkle, 2,925 pounds,average $45.67.The Paris obacco market took afluctuating tone Wednesday with atendency to lower prices. Qualitycounted and where the lower gradespredominated crop averages werelow.At the Bourbon House of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company,a total of 153,515 pounds was disposed of for $68,228.48, an averageof $44.44. NSome crop avearges follow:Henry Caftnichael, 3,660 pounds,average $60.97. 'Plummer, McMillan & McCarthy,4,850 pounds, average $39.89.Letton & Barry, 2,780 pounds, average $32.26.Carpenter, & Buckley, 5,405pounds, average $62.41.v Talbott & Hough, 6,520 pounds,average $47.46.M. B. Lovell & Sons, 6,79?pounds, average $57.58.Claybrook & Link, 2,940 pounds,average $56.19.E. B. Allen, 1,690 pounds, average$33.67. iC. B. Curtis, 5,770 pounds, average $42.84.Gillispie & Mason, 2,515 pounds,average $51.74.Mrs. E. Fitzgerald, 2,615 pounds,average $53.21.Clay & Roe, 3,995 pounds, average $47.71.Long & Thqmas, 5,490 pounds, average $38.-76.Dalzell & Williams, 3,645 pounds,average 38.19.Qlay, Houston & Leach, 3.250pounds, average $66.98.Burke,- Brent & Snapp, 5,590pounds,' average $34.43.Simmons & Logsdon9,630 pounds,average $5.4.08.Collins & Taul 3,465 pounds, average $65.42.Linley & Grayson, 2,445 pounds,average $51.61.W. H. Earlywine, 3,645 pounds,average -$36.55.Simmons & Dearing, 4,565 pounds,average -$50.15.Judy & Summers, 6,295 pounds,average $50.15.Judy & Summers, 6,295 pounds,average $47.50...Hash & Osborne, 3,270 pounds, average $47.92. 'Thos. Drennan, 5,190 pounds, average $60.64.Kenney & Whalen, 1,&35 pounds,average $54.28.R. D. Worthington,5T320 pounds,average $35.68.Leach, Bannister & Son, 3,355pounds, average $36.72.Wyatt & Fogle, 3,220 pounds, average $40,94. .Buckner & Finch, 4,315 pounas,average $46.30.Wiedemann & Ingels, 2,29 pounds,average $4.30."The Paris "House sold a floor of6;710 pounds for $23,332.37, a, flooraverage qf.I $37.97.. Crop averagesfallow: ! ' !W. R. '(IJuttle, 3,355 pounds, average $35.16 " ' - ' .Layson & Dwelly, 4,-395 pounds,average $61.45.Allen &i Pence, 3.055 pounds, average '$33.9.1 "Barnes & nammon, ,hu puuuuo,average $Sfi.52.T. W. BrocR," 5,640 pounds, average $$53,041"'John Shropshire, 3,765 pounds, average $3652; -Marshall! ; & "-'Moreland, 6,230pounds, average $54.90.. Clark. & Sargent, 2,455 pounds, average '$47.13$.j : o-signs or spuing. ,head of "gross income" to be reported in income tax returns. Collector Hamilton makes the followingexplanation for the benefit of thetax-payers:In making out the return jof grossinccpne, the tax-payer is required toaccount for practically every dollarhe recceived during 1918. The following items must be reported:Salaries, wages and commissions"for perso-nal services, including bonuses. Interest received on notes and deposits in banks, including saving:banks., iyfdends on stock, whether recejye'd'ln cash or stock. Only dividendspaid out of earnings or profitsaccrued since March 1, 1913, are taxable, but dividends are deemed to bedistributed out of the most recentlyaccumulated earnings.Profits resulting from purchasesand sales of property, real or personal. If the property waspunchtsx.ed before March 1, 191&,theproHti.is based on the diffierence betweenthe selling price and the fair marketprice or value as of March 1, 1913.Profit from stock marked transactions, yIncome received from ,fiduciariesrvthat is amounts received from in-'come of estates, trusts, etc., throughtrustees, administrators or executors.. Net partnership profits, whetherdivided or distributed or not.Royalties from mines, oil and gaswells, patents, copyrights, andfranchises."WARNING TO THE PUBLICMerchants and others are herebywarned to be careful in cashingchecks bearing my purported signature. I will not hold myself responrsible hereafter unless checks, areknown to have been signed by. mepersonally. ' . xMRS. 0. K. HAZELRIGG.(25-tf)- 1 q :KENTUCKY SENATOR PLANS TOVISIT BATTLEFTRLDS.Senator George B. Martin, Kentucky's junior Senator, is planningto make, upon the expiration of histerm, the fourth of next, fcnonth, atrip to Europe, where he intends tovisit the devastated battlefields.He will also visit London, Paris,Brussels and probably Rome. Senator Martin has not yet decided ona definite date for his departurefrom this country, but he hopes togo on the George Washington when",the President starts on his return tothe Peace Conference. Senator Martin will visit his home before sailing.oEXTRA 45 BAYS TO PILE COMPLETE TAX BETUENS.sJLocal fishermen are examiningtheir fishink k'its:' boys "are playingmarbles and! spinning tops op. side i memorialstreets; the show windows, are beginning tdJall''upith spring goods' airy way spring is 'just over the hill,if some crate' ' ik" the Weather Bu-Hreaudoes:t;pullithe wroag switch!Income tax-payers, both- corporation and individual, will be granted45 days 'from March 15 for filingtheir complete tax returns if thsynotify collectors 4n writing that theycan not complete their returns by'that dajte. , In making this announcement the Internal Revenue Bureaureiterated, however, that 25 percentof the estimated total tax -must bepaid by March 1&. ; r. --o- 1 -KENTUCKY BEPBESEHTED "OJTPEBBY MEMOBIAL z. A COMMISSIONCreatioiTof & commission to coatrol the memorial on Put-in-BarIsland in Lake Erie .Uo CommodorePerry's Yictory, is provided Ih a bilLpassed by the House and 'sent to thSenate. The commission would coasist of three" members Srom "NewYork , Pennsylvania, Rhode V7IsIamd,Michigan. Kentucky, Illinoii,; MimrlmsAttR and Ohio, the 'States whicVj pontrihuf"ed to the buiWingot? Uh-l memorial. 'J " - "Collections, Tf 200 fecSiiiealootareich haveheen sent tot each-ar3rbase vboeltia by the America. Library Association. , t ,, Itton. ' T- 'fvxchiiaren. rm . , t t?3-- "- v ':v',-VotK1" f i '-- -.rV 4fIIEfV!yr f JLGE TWOTHE BOUEBON MEWS, PABIS. KEHgPCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2S, 111.HIE BOURBON NEWSEttailisned- 1881 37 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayBr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable In Adavance.IWUbT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.fettered at the Paris, Kentucky,Footomce as MaU Matter of theSeoo&d Class.)Any erroneous reflection npon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofHayperoon, firm or corporation whichpnar appear, in the columns of THEBQURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected If brought to attention of the4itor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlack for) first time; 50 cents per inchM& subsequent Insertion.ading',.Notices, 10 cents per lineaacfcjissue; reading notices in black(kypti&9 "cents per line, eaoh issue.Car&f of thanks, calls on candt' 4atfl; 'Obituaries and resolutions, andtraHar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseHaiti and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reset redto'jfteoUne any advertisement or othermatter for publication. ,Announcements for political officeswast invariably be accompanied bytho'cash.'of cqmmand and the dog looked' toward his master, the man who, buta moment before had bestowed tnebrutal kick. But away he went, stillsending out the glad little barks.He rubbed his nose against the legof his owner and was ready and anxious to do its bidding. Ready to lickthe foot that kicked him. v-And as they disappeared down thestreet, we wondered still we wonder if, when the dog leaves thislife breathes his last we wonder ifit is all over with him. Does helive his allotted time to serve and toaccept the human kicks and then goout for all eternity?The unselfish animal -with not athought but to please a master or amistress, surely must have a placeto go.We always have been taught thatthe beasts of the field, and the fowlsnf the air. and the fish in the sea,are placedhere for the use and theconvenience of jman. Perhaps thisis as it should be but we wonderjust the same.And when we see a woman or aman, with thoughts only for self, wecannot help thinking that the Creator in His infinite wisdom, has prepared and keeps a place for the faithful dog.-oBeware of Counterfeits!Some are Talcum Powder.frioINDIGESTIOH.Take a few dose3 of Chamberlain'sTablets as directed for indigestion,and you will soon forget about yourstomach troubles. Try it.(Adv. Feb)Wanted.Stenographic position, . Hav,e hadthree years experience in generaloffice work.Address, "A. B."Care Bourbon News.MASTER"Bayer Tablets of Aspiriri."-AGENTS AND SOLICITORS 3AMERICA'S WAR FOR HUMANITY."Complete, history world's war, 600pages, with neatly 100 magnificent pictures Retails 2. costs you $1. Someagents making over $20 per day. Sell thebook the people want. Orders filledpromptly. Credit if desired. Freight paid.Also "Life of Roosevelt," same terms.Both outfits free to workers. GEORGEG CLOWS CO., Philadelphia, Pa., or Chicago, 111. Address nearest office.WANTEDThree experienced paste boys towork with paper hangers. Apply tothe J. T. Hinton Co., corner Mainand Sixth Streets, Paris, Ky.(14-4t)Attention, Farmers!K you need anything in the wyof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can huy aidmake, at reasonable prices.If von want a watch, don't eo tt ablacksmith shop to buy itt and doa'ttake your horse to a jeweler to getTirm shod; always go to a mechaaioand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo N. KREENER.VFor HeadacheNeuralgiaEaracheToothacheAchy GumsLumbagoRheumatismColdsGrippeInfluenzal ColdsNeuritisLame Back"Joint-PainsPain! Pain!- EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The blessing of IgnoranceEven if the fortune tellers could"read the future," they would receive the patronage of the wise people of the world. For the wise people of the world do not want to knowthe future; they know and understand the blessings of ignorance.7he Los Angeles Times sizes it upaV.nt right, in discussing this blessed Ignorance which prevails, andwLch will always prevail. "If wecould know that within a giventime," it says, "whether of weeks,months or years, our friends and relatives would be taken from us, or wefrom them, our every (meeting wouldbe heart-breaking and every temporary parting full of almost unbearable sorrow. If we are sure, when wemeet even a casual friend, that wewould never see his face again, how1 filled with solicitude we would be forhis welfare, how kind and considerate4' we would be toward him, andhow poignant would be our hiddengrief in bidding him good bye."And" it is not only in the matter ofcalamities that it is well we are ignorant of what will happen in the future. There -would be less of pleasure if we knew in advance exactlywhat would' happen in the way ofpleasure. It would be like robbingthe children of the great pleasure t of 'Christmas by showingthem the presents-which we expectto give them. IV it were not forthe blessed ignorance which prevails,there could not be any delight In expectancy.WILL PROBATED.TVP last, will and testamentof thelate Mrs. Sallie Cantrill, wife of Mr.E. F. Cantrill, was probated in theCounty Court yesterday. The instrument was dated August 16, 1910, anddirected the payment of her Justdebts and funera expenses.After providing for the erection ofa headstone at her grave, Mrs. -Can-trillleft her real estate to her twochildren, Miss Cantrill and Mr.Llewellyn Cantrill, for life, afterwhich it goes to the blood heirs ofMrs. Cantrill. Provision is made forthe sale of any real estate left by deceased and the reinvestment of saidfunds. Mrs. Cantrill leaves her personal property to her children in fee.Mr. Llewellyn Cantrill qualified asadministrator of the estate with thewill annexed, giving bond in the sumof $2,500, with Mr. E. F. Cantrill assurety.oAdults Take one or two tabletsanytime, with water. If necessary,repeat dose three times a day, aftermeals.Since the world-famous discoveryof "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" introducedin 1900, billions of these genuine tablets have been prescribed byphysicians andProved Safe &y Millions.Daily Deliveries Are M&deByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.For Sale"BayerCross"on genuineTablets.PRICE COHTBOL OVER FUEL HASCEASED.All price control exercised by theFuel Administration over anthraciteand bituminous coal and coke hasceased, under a blanket order signedby Fuel Administrator Garfield andmadep ublic recently. Zone regulations concerning oil and naturalgas, promulgated under the Lever actas war measures, also are rescinded.Virtually little work for the FuelAdministration will remain when theorder goes into effect, but officialesaid it would continue in operationuntil peace was formerly declaredand would keep a close watch on thefuel situation and if necessary arises,restore any and all of the regulations, which now are rescinded.Announcement that regulationsgoverning bituminous coal and cokewould be abolished was made someweeks ago and officials said thenthat there should be a drop in theprice of both commodities. The order affecting anthracite was not announced until later and there wereconflicting views as to its effect onprices.teAElAASRRINBuy only"Bayer"packages.My residence, with 2 7-10 acres ofland, located on Bethlehem pike nearParis, for sale. Possession on March1. Is in good neighborhood, and butfew minutes walk frdm Ihterurbancar line.MRS. T. T. TEMPLIN,(25-tf) 1312 S. Main St.At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Fercheron mares and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the fartns. See ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time to responsible partiesJ. F. COOK & CO., Lexington Kentucky.Phone 47; Night Phone 2845Y or 5631. (21feb-lm)PUBLIC SALEOFAspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Mono&ceticacideater of- SalicylicacidAsk -for and Insist Upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin."American Owned, Entirely.20 cent package Larger aires also.Land Wanted.I want to rent land an the sharesfor tobacco and corn, with houseand grass. Reference given.W. L. GARRISON,Box 35, Route 2 Paris, Ky.Home Phone 2037-3.For Quick Sale.We have for quick sale at reasonable figures several -nice cottages,all in good location; close in, especially one large cottage oir Mainstreet. Will sell at sight. Call usand see these cottages at once. Forimmediate sale.WALTER TJLARKE REAL ESTATEAGENCY. (adv)TWO COTTAGES!In order to settle the partnership business heretofore existingbetween Prichard & Ball, they have placed in our hands to sell atpublic auction, onFriday. February 28, 1919at 2 p. m., on the premises, on Fourth Street, , near Power Grocery Co.. their" two cottaeres. They each contain four rooms,hall, back and front porches, small storage room, water inkitchen, electric lights and gas.These are desirable little homes and well located. ySale positive, rain or shine.TERMS Madie known on day of sale.HARRIS &r SPEAKES.(feb21-2t)PUBLIC SALEOPBARROW HOSPITAL UNIT GIVES IMINSTREL SHOW.OF LOCAL interest;v ' Just a Dog.He was just a copunon dog..Nothing throughbred or pedigreedabout him. The kind of a dog onesees every time one walks down oneof our streets. His master was outof humor about something and thedo was the only being within reach,upon which he could give properveal to his anger.' There was avicious kick, -a whine;, of pained surprise, and tb$ poor animal dodgedawav A 'boy was standing on thecurbunnoticed by the dog's master,atria as the poor, fellow passed withhead down and tail "pulled tightly between his legs, he stroked the dog'shead and uttered a word of pity. Instantly the tail -was active, waggingfrom side to side and into his eyesvcaxne an expression ui sxvwgratitude. That dog was smiling.And. he tried to talk to that boy withbis? little yelps pushed out by utterjoy. He knew he had found afrfgnd.Thftrfc was a shrill whistlSome People We Know, and! We WillProfit by Hearing About Them.This is a purely local' event.It took place in Pari.Not in some far-away place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's wordTo confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of confidencethan one you know aboutEndorsed by unknown peopleThe boys of the Barrow Unit, assisted by the nurses and clericalforce recently "put on" a minstrel atSarisburry Court, in England, wherethey are stationed. In memory ofKentucky and home, it was calledthe "Dixie Minstrels."All day, one of the unit writes,boys worked to put up the stage andthe girls of the unit worked on thecostumes and decorations.The members of the chorus woreblack and white costumes,, and theend men and the interlcutor worewhite and black costumes that wasthe difference. And each member ofthe Kentucky company in Englandwore a yellow chrysanthemum as abuttonaire. The decorations of thestase were also arranged effectivelyin yellow, black and whiteHonor guests at the performancewere Colonel Barrow and his staff,and a number of guests of ColonelBarrow, who came up from. Londonfor the minstrel.Miss Minnie Robinson, formerly a(member of the nursing staff at theMassie Memorial Hospital in thiscity, had several numbers on the program. Miss Robinson assisted Private Leonard C. Roy, in a musicalsketch, "Hello, I've Been Looking forYou," and played the part of "ThePoor Butterfly." in a sketch, of thatFarms For Sale.For quick sale two small farms,well located, one containing tenacres, the other twenty-sir acres;also some nice wwu pijrcn.y. I ! .iWalter clark real estate auction, on the premises, onAGENCY. (Q8-U)Desirable Modern HouseThe owner, having purchased a, smaller nouse to which he willmove on March 10, 1.919, we have beenunstructed to sell at publicFor Sale.- I offer at private sale the-gentlestand best family mare in Bourboncounty; good driver; splendid chancefor anyone wishing to buy a gentleMRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)For SaleHaving leased my farm and movedto town, I offer at private sale asolid mahogany set, consisting oflarge sideboard, serving table, dining table, oae-half dozen chairs,and china closet.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)Flovd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilleston I name, assisting Private Jack TurnerAvenue and Lucas street, says: ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by thcfri. At timesI have suffered severely with kidneycqmplaint. My back often pained meand was lame most all the time. Thekidney secretions were too frequentin passage and greatly annoyed me.When I have been this way, I havealways found that a box of Doan'sKidney .Pills has never failed to cureme of the attack in short order."Price 60c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getrinon'c TCirtnp.v Pills the same thatMr Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo.. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oIf Senator Lodge should meet aI precedent coming down the streetwe suppose he would know it, evenif it were an imbecile one."Priva.tp. Done-las Clav and Jonn .iMoran, of Paris, also took: part in theprogram, though all the star partshad been assigned before their nameswere reached.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstieet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartjment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1919beginning at 2:30o'clock,the two-story frame residence at 234 MtAiryAvenue. The house contains seven large rooms, complete bath room,pantries, two halls, front, side and back porches, four coal grates,, andhas gas for heat, light and cooking purposes. Excellent cistern at door,cellar, city sewer connection, etc. there is orr the lot a new frame building originally erected or a stable, buggy house, etc., but suitable fora garage, which has sinte been floored. Also, a coal and chickenhouse.This property is .located in an excellent neighborhood where mostof the nouses are occupied by the owners, and is within five minuteswalk of the Court Houses The gas hot water heater and large watertank will be sold with the house.Possession will be given on March 10, 1919.TERMS Easy, and made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invited to call' after the noon hour anyday and inspect the premises.For further particulars, apply to undersigned.LEWIS T. LILLESTON.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agente.Either Phone,ans;Ky.(26feb-2t-pd)IfSHMIK)USHESrKJJ Save cAeXeathei ' f' HI Keep youjiShoes Neat PAMLIQUIDS and:,WHfTE.TAN AND CK-MOOO (DARK BROWN) SHOESYHft fcr.ftAMJCV GOfttOtATlOMC CTJX, 9UW0ALO, NAftWHALEY BUYS SADDLER AT THELEXINGT011SALEAt the winter auction sales held inLexington, Friday, by the KentuckySales Co., Mr. W. H.. Whaleyr of thiscity, purchased the flue saddle mare,Elkhorn Queen, brown mare, 10, byRonrhon Kinsr Black: Beauty, for$100.' Mr. Allie G. Jones; of North Middletown, sold several fine animals atthis sale, the stars of which wereMistress, a dark chestnut mare byLochnivar, a son. ox BourDon JK.ing,that went to W. C Dierks, of Pittsburg, Pa., for $8.S0, and PaulinaBradford, another chestnut mare,daughter Qf Bourbon King, and thechamnion three-gaited mare, Eudors,which went to A. D. Williams, ofBuffalo, New York, for ?590.Seventy-five head in all were solabv Auctioneer Bain, for a total of$25,000, an average of slightly under ?325 per head. Horsemen werepresent from all over tne unitedStates, and the bidding for the mostpart was; spirited. The highest pricerealized was $2,500, paid by "RobertE. Moreland, of Lexington, for thefive-year-old stallion, HighlandChoice, which headed the dispersalstable of McCray Bros., of NorthMiddletown. The second highestprice for the day was also paid byMr. Moreland, who purchased thechestnut mare, Nicolette, for 51,000.She has been shown for tne pastthree seasons and has proven hejrselfa high-class mare.Furs and1 HidesWepay highest prices for iron,hides, junk andVoolLMUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cifimb. Phone 37 i.(23-tf)Public RentingOFBluegrass Pasture andTimothy GrazingLand.If I only had the money 1 Money,money, how hateful you are, but oh,how I need to have you,!BHzabeththe Atlantic.Hasnnovitajn11 not rented privately 'before, Iwill, onSaturday, March 119,at 2:00 p. m. in front of the courthouse, in Paris, Ky., rent publicly515 acres of bluegrasi and timothy land. Said land is the JohnHarris Clay farm, an the Speara Millpike, in Bourbon County, Ky., aboutsix miles from Paris, Ky. Possessionwill be given on day of renting, andwill continue until January 1, 1920.Also at the sopie time and place 1will sell publicly 72 shocks of cornin the field.For further information, apply t6MRS. C. M. CLAT, . .nni -pviriria 118 Paris. Kv.KJ lJ4 A.wV-' --, -vPUBLIC SALE0P "Bourbon Co. Farming LandsThe undersigned heirs-iit-law of the late Wm. B. Woodfe-rd' will, onTuesday, March 4, 1919,expose to. public sale, at the Court House "door, Paris, Kentucky, at 10a. m., the following described farming lands.FIRST A tract of about 627 acres of land lying in BourbonCounty,. Kentucky, on the Spears Mill turnpike, and extending from theSpears Mill Turnpike to the Stony Point and Simmpns Mill turnpike andadjoining on' the north the lands of Ben Woodford, Edward Simms andClay Gaitskill, and on the South the lands of Gano Hildreth and thedower lands of Mrs. "Wfci. B. Woodford. -Said tract of land will be offered in two parcels of about 314 acreseach one fronting on the Spea Miil Turnpike and the other frontingon the Stony Point, and Simmoijl Mill Turnpike. And then the said tractof land will be offered as a whfre and the bid or bids aggregating mostmoney will be accepted.The tract of about 314 acres fronting on the Stony Point and Simmons Mill Turnpike has the following improvements thereon, namely:Silo with feed barn attached, 40 by 60. The tract of about 314 acresfronting on the Spears Mill turnpike has the following improvements onit: Brick residence, formerly the Home Place of Aylette Bedford; also aframe tenant house, two large barns, silo and feed barn attached, about40 by 60.SECOND A tract of about 76 acres of land located about ftve miles;from Paris, near the Paris and Winchester turnpike, and adjoining thef lands of J. Frank Clay and Mis3 Letitia Clay, with- right of passage tdthe Winchester pike.TERMS One-third cash. Balance in one and two years, to be evi-:.denced by notes bearing interest from date ofsale until paid at the rate'of 6 per cent, per annum, interest due and payable annually and a liento be reserved in deedfto secure payment of notes.f ' J. HAL W00DS0BD.xi$nt of helrs-at-law ot Wrou.B. Woodtord. ;jrt- y Jv f " . & V : " , .Mr':! TW ii'9i,-f j(18tf)tK4 ,.1,'4.rL -..'". - . -1!W'-&KNiVi&FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1919THE -BOUKBON-HEWS, PABXS, XEHTTTCKT.-Jfa, J j;GLEYSm THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.win view jl .ivc iavv fc.w w -revenue bill provides for a bonus of. . . Jl -.. Vl ft TTM1CAt s-. -t-V. onf tViar tllA WfirPMI560 to all discnargea meu, m -larvmfprflPR receded from their amend- MUment granting officers and enlistedmen one montns pay uyuu. wen uncharge.$ - nif KiiilliliiiliiiiilRiiiiiilliiiiillllH liiililliliill'iilniRilHIHHifttiKJ flZfilsllSisRcBS&fiiiSKSSililSllflllSEsiil all liiflfl in, MlUlHfflfmTnTninTnHIIIHUb,. "In. y-MfM jjj Ri k v- tft-I 'IV M. V IlonE'iasims oarsin each package.The biggestvalue inrefreshmentyou can possibly buy.A BENEFIT to teeth,breath, appetite anddigestion.The price is 5 cents.wR Ift BE 15 3 K rR ' if y R? wSB? V flbAavlff M 5II WSifwWitt XAYSJVoMWrac?WShWHP I1 .rfry'nl tIII n Theray Flavork) LastsfHAlllllRBaaalUiiWBiillHIIfiBSiiiiiiiiiiiii!An agreement has been reached byHouse and Senate conferees on thebill permitting discharged somiers,sailors and marines to retain tneiruniforms and granting thefoi fivecents a mile traveling expenses fromthe point where they were discharged to their homes.The Senate has passed the HouseUill AivanH-no- TlO "War Risk InSUT-ance Bureau to resume payment uj.allotments to enlisted men of thearmy and navy, which it discontinued last July. Because oi wiuui oate amendments the bill was sent toconference. The cases of more than20,000 men in the service are affected by the pneasure.Private John Monson, of Paris,who has been in the thickest of the.,oo fio-htino- P-ninsr over the topwith the American troops five times. . . . , xu Inof Vlor htlT-and participating in me ioi. "& "--tieprior to the signing of the armistice, has been heard from after along silence. A telegram to hismother, Mrs. -Charles Monson, ofParis, tells of his safe arrival atNewport News. Mrs. Monson wastaken by surprise, thinking her sonwas still in one of the army campsin this county.Capt. William Collins is now atthe home of his parents, Mr. and- t t nniiins near NortnMiddletown, having received his finaldischarge from the service. Capt.Collins recently returned from overseas, where he was with the American Expeditionary Force.Mr. ana iurs. vya-ii ",av'i - -county, have received informationfrom their son, Corporal FnmettDickson Kiser, announcing his safearrival at Newport News, fromFrance. He is now at Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, awaiting thepapers that will give him his discharge from the service.m M M SB1I19 a. l IIII Bisll 121 11' illlk llllilUNff Till illttillllltttillltllll tlllllllllllllltlltitl lllllHIIIiHUVl mJI 4 ik it ilfWil imHfill ilillliilillfflillll iillliilll KaIlkHtl HVAVfHV ' C D IK ll CBI IIII J All' liaanaKULVKTV' 11lllllllllllllll' 11111't!KiB2 wmgssgmm, b m & m im pj . warnmHHHHhIllfl!IIl!l!lll(IIII!llr'Hillif fllll! if II Ilifllli liliiliSFUMlUHHMHHHHWHMMiHIIttSi Copyright 1918 byR.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.''Jul nil',rTALK about smokes, Prince AlbertX is gearea xo a joynanaout stanuaru. that iust lavishes smokehaooiness onevery man game enough to make a bee line for atidy red tin and a jimmy pipe old or new 1Get it straight that what you've hankered for in;. .I'frnoaffa f-io'b'ft-i,o cmntoc wni'll finH flnlfntvpipe Ul igcixctLC iiieuuii o omuaw jrw" " -f- jin P. A. That's because P. A. has the quality!You can't any more make Prince Albert bite yourtongue or parch your throat than you can make a horsedrink when he's off the water! Bite and parch are cutout y our exclusive patented process 1You just lay back like a regular fellow and puff to beatthe cards and wonder why in samhill you didn't nail asection in the P. A. smokepasture longer than you careto remember back!Bay Prince Albert everywhere tobacco is sold. Toppy red bags,tidy red tins, handsome pound and half pound tin humidors andthat clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor with spongemoistener top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Winston-Salem, N. CTANKS SEE IJTTLE HOPE TO RETUBU BEFORE JTJUE.The announcement from Washington that the American troops inNorthern Russia are to be withdrawnat the earliest possible moment inthe spring was received with joy bythe troops themselves, but officialcritics and also the Russian population are anxious to know whetherother troops will be sent to replaceEVENINGS 4cJ?them, or whether it means the cornNavigation is now closed except forice breakers incapable of carrying alarge nujmDer 01 tiuuys, ouu, ch,wau.iog to naval" advices, . June will bethe earliest month for the opening ofthe ice floes. "The American troops affected bythe announcement are the 339th Infantry and one battalion of the 310thEngineers, all draft forces entitledto demobilization after the conclusion of the war. There is considerable speculation in Archagel whetherthey will be replaced by regulars ormarines.Nothing adds-to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.seGlectricityTor HtmIt's the only satisfactory way.9se Sasfor fieatina and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.9Let Us Fix You Up- For the Use of. Both. Electricity ind Gis.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)DREADFUL COUGH CUREB.a eavaro oriU in often followed bya -rough f doiigliforwtii'chCmamher-lains Cougn icemeay ua A'"i. iibrntrtroii Mo., writes:- "Aboutr"' ' .J ,nfti rinv .tAn.tWO VeHrRi 5 " fcy . "- "T 2'caught a- severe cbld - ,and cotignedIber of cough, medicines but nothingrZ.m :-.,. -krA -r?fi1 T iavfi himChamberlain's Coutf'RCmeayIt relieved "his, cough figtit away and before he had 'finished taking one bot-...- . -,. -,'y-aA T fhi-nlr it fa iust11B 11 YYtW u.1.. - - 7 "7fine for children."(adv-Feb.)'iROKWAS TRIED'.Down at Smithland, in LivingstonCounty, Ky., the fairmersad a tractor school and demonstration. Thosev,5 whrt ? tractors andvtbosewho were thinking of buying ironhorse's were-on hand. They listenedto talks and watched demonstrations; then the expert took the machine to pieces and the farmers putit together again.. Recover Your Ford Top at Home.lfyour dealer does not carry our Recoverand Curtaintin stock, write us forprices.Falls City Buggy Top Co;119 South 'Second St.LOUISVILLE, KY.MAN ANDrtsw w iii r insui i'may both derive satisfactionby haying their worn and sbiledgarments cleaned, by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleas-ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inCDnjunction -with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.-After a silence of several monthsEdward Fitzpatrick, formerly a member of THE NEWS force, writes fromCuba, stating that he is stationed onthe U. S. S. Mississippi, in Cuban waters, that he is hale and hearty, andhopes to be able to pay Paris a visitr" ocr Thin is the first mes-111 LllU QJilUQisage THE NEWS has had from our"Bailorman" for (many months Thelast heard of him was contained in a7- wtv. n hinmate. W. O. Pen-j,v wim said he heardii"iBVf" . . ..., WMHWthat Pitz nad. marneu it c"wm,nrt,iTia p-irl Fitz has neverwritten to confirm or deny the assertion Here's congramiauous numTHE-NEWS force, if the news istrue.Letter From Corporal Monson.tCamp Stewart, Virginia.Feb. 18, 1919.Dear Father: ,I suppose you thought I was lost.You know I never wrote you for sixmonths. , ., . - BBut 1 nave arrivcu T."!u irn Sonri mp iibout thirtydollars. ' I am thinking about comingh'DadS,I wantto tell you what a hardtimewe had whipping those Germans,, .Vv.j i.I1J .,, cava fttir coun-'try. We were among the lirst tocross. The first cannon x eyer AiuI found afterward Kinea a uwuaauuGermans. ' .y One time a bunch of us were cutoff from supplies Tand surrounded byGermans. Almost starved. we wereabout to give up when our Captainasked for two volunteers to go withhim for help. Another fellow andi ve niYi4-aaial Wfl were fourmywsu YUiuu!rv(.. " iV Wr-days witnout ioou, u u "- !out oi a river mixeu wiwi y". SIthe other fellow ana mysen awiwuout and -traveled about half way andit gOL loo uui iui " r.V'JV"'r ,were singing and buzzing, and the bui-lets were wnisxnng iia&t, uBiUin flames in every direction. Uh, it..pi t Trinollxr -oil r.ouid notstand it no 'longer. W dropped into,a .shell Jiole. I thought hell had beenturned loose. "we naa-no-iiouuei. uthe bottom than we iouna iwu "vCGermans to fight. Then we had afight sure enough. IfVe killed themboth. We waited until about midnight when it got quiet again, exnont fhp Huns would get neryousevery once in awhile and send a bombr.,4- ... sniil4 AnAcra pnsv. Weover. Jauv .wc wuiu. w-fc, z . -started' to run for help for we werenot far fioih our own line, 'and soonr O . ii'....J vnnnt stArted Olltagain and 'the' Allies won the 'victorynnA covd tViP combanv 'which hadbeen surrounded. ' Then we had theGermans on the run and kept them onthe run. , . TVI will tell you more when I come. Ihave not told you one-third yet.How are aU the family? . .I closef or tfiis time. , ;lUUi urai ouut(Corporal) JOHN MONSON,42nd. Coast Artillery,' Camp 'Stewart, Virginia,p. s. I .will be home soon.STAin)BY ARE SAFE.WASN'T TOO OLD TO LEARNSeed catalogs are interesting reading now that the sun is swingingiionir trkwnrrJ thp north. TheV. Ofcoui-se, list all the old standbys; butthey also have a number of attractive novelties with exquisite illustrations in vivid colors. The farmerand his wife should by all means tryen n? th p novelties iust for theexictement of the game. However,the old, tried-and-true, standard varieties should be bought in quantity...t it. --U .P oro Ti-tO iurnisn me uaunuuue ul mc &.i.den operations in 1919. CircularNo. 67 might offer some timely reading-matter on gardening just nowwhen the garden fever is developingA line to the College of Agriculturewill bring it in the near future asit is now on the press.The scientific feeding of pigs iswinning its way in the Trace Creek ,School district. Recently an old 'farmer of seventy,-one, got up at ameeting at the school house andsaid: . .I'm 71 years old and have fedhogs all my life, but I've learnedmnr( the last vear watenms xsebsierirvwniriP- feed her nie: than I've Ilearn the seventy years I've lived. IthOUght that StUtt aDOUl a uuaain;eirration and all sorts of experimentbusiness, was all bosh; but I've seenTVat T"m nil wrnns1. l invite uii.y ujlyou over to see my two pigs that I'mThe Germans may continue to sinsthe "Watch oa the Hhine," but itwill be a long time before they willbe allowed to wind it up.HEADS WIN.A big arm and a big stick used towin win in warfare. Heads full oftrained brains won in tnis war. uigmuscles used to succeed in faiming.Heads win in farming to-day. Headsare trained in high schools. Theyare given an extra polish in collegesand universities.HE COLOR IN WRBe Better LookirigVTakeOlive TabletsIf your skin is yellow compkxionptlM!tongue coated appetitepoor you havea bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-gooafeeling you should take Olive Tablets.feeding according to Bessie s mstruc- fQyojneirverepreparedbyDr.Edwarditions. I've got two real pigs and 17 arg of 8tuay with his patients,they ain't eating their heads off j Edwards Olive Tabled are a purelyeither." j vegetable compound mixed with olive oilHENS SHOTJIJ) DO DUTY.V,i ot;ii trnr them hv their olive COiOT.t. u.. n TaM inV Vin. lvTaHt eves.no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likevxhadhood days you must get at the-cauaeJ- tj j rti:A. ToWt art nn theliter and bowels like calomelyet caveno dangerous after effects. ' ." mThey start the bile and overcome cosati-.pttion. ThafswhyiinTlofli-cMareat dLrugfkts.- Take one flC.twojiitUyaamcurcjflww- -Rffss are still a good price, so everyhen should do'her duty. The properfood will do everything m helpingher to lay the eggs sne snouia."Feeding for Winter Eggs," CircularNo. 86, gives balance rations, ine ij YJA iffandbSc Dcrttacp ncvln the Colleee of Agricul- -aoW annuallyat 10c ;and i-wp;mw --"-o --- - .-.. , x drufipmsts laxe one fit-fcwwj-rxure at .uexiu5iA?ii w"& -Once.TJi E U N I VE R S JL CARxe?or-. It's no longer necessary to go into the details describing the practical merits of the Ford car-everybody knowsail about "The Universal Car." How it goes and comesday after day and year after year at an operating expenseso small that it's wonderful. This advertisement is to urge ,prospective buyers to place orders without delay.' Buy a' Ford car when you can get one. Weteke good care of' ' ' your order get your Ford to you as soon as possible and- "eive thebest in "after-service" when required. ;,. " -. . ? n- -;---fA Dhone brings us.LEVY THE DRY CLEANERj&ErniiG Isxd 6v coim.', The, easiest way, ,to get rid .of acold-iB to, take Chemberain's Cough.Remedy. Tliis preparation .Jaas beenin use for many years and its value.,iu, nVo.iran iMrt to a.t.t.p what rem-edy you use, .however, care must hetaken not to contract another soldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older should go to bed until fully recovered. It is better to stay in bedthree days at the start than threeweeks later on.(adv-Feb.)Ruggles Motor Co.wBank Row, Paris, Ky.f,1r&- .Fr-j:CumbcrUnd PWttc w --v'" X 'I- ;FRIDAY, I-BBBtTAIlT 21 191t.r AGE fOUITHEB0U1B0H HEWS, PAWS, KSITUCII9S91If- iHOVING DAY INT PUHPSnf CEN-LABGE GROWTH OF THE EX' TER. - - PRESS BUSINESS.Tne' approach. of "March "each yearbrings about the annual tmoving-dayfor (firm tenants, and tobacco people, (who sense the approach of thegreajt'day with unerring instinct.Loaded with, "household plunder"iragpns have been passing for severaldey4 'and especially yesterday, overthe toikes of Baurbon county, enroute 'I to new locations where tnetoilejrs will begin again the work, ofsetting up their homes for the season.! It! is a custom perhaps : betterJcnown. and observed' in Central Kentucky than in any part of the, country, and when the" first of! March getsclose at hand, it'-doesn't require muchexplanation as to the cause of themigration.TAi Gentleman'sCountry EstatejOver, 500 acres choice limestone Blue-grass tobacco land; splendid modern residence; large barns, tenanthopse; living stream fed by neverfailing springs. The best .proposition in Kentucky at $200.00 perace. ' . 'yorton Caldwell Co.INCORPORATEDLouisville, Ky.PUBLICOPtMain StreetWe will sell at public auction for Jesse Napier, who has decided tolocate-in Lexington, at Court House door onMonday, March 3, 1919,tat 1 :30 p.' m., his substantial two-story brick residence, situated on thecorner of ilain a4d Second Streets. It contains six rooms, two halls,presses, pdrchj ga5s, electric lights, water in kitchen, large garden andchicken ysfcrd, "-Tftis property is well located and, shouldnot be overlooked by anyone desiring a home convenient to to the business district.T3PLM5 Made known on day of sale.(28-it) HARRIS & SPEAKES.PUBLIC SALEOPEXTRA GOOD DRAFT MARESI will sell at the J. H. Fuhrman barn, on Second street, in Paris,JKy., otf, Monday, March 3, 1910,beginning promptly at one o'clock, p. m., a carload of extra good draftmares, ranging from three to five years, weighingfrom 1,200 to 1,450poundsNeacJi animal absolutely well-broken. Everyone buying one ofthes animals or teims will be given a jwritten guarantee to that effect.Ji. chaace. of a lifetime to get good work mares..- DR. H. APPEL'. Cynthiana. Ky.Extra fine Draft MaresAt PUBLIC AUCTIONWe will sell at public budion at Murphy's born,iit Paris, on County Court day,PMONDSY, MRkCH 3, 1919beginning at 10 o'clock sharp, 30 head of extranice Draft flares, in fact this is the best load ofdraft rnaref that we have handled this season.These mares range in n age from 3 to 5 yearsoWLAd some are closely mated teams. Also, wewill sell some good farm mules and several setsof U S. Government 'harness.You1 can't maHe a good trop without goodhorse power.Als seven sjood milch cows.' MYERS & SMITH, imi$&Publicvi iOFCattle, Sheep and MulesAt PaJ&S&hipping Pens, -Paris, -Ky on-- - -.- -v..- -,llinfey, March 3, 1919, at 1:30 p. m.,WerrfSymil as above announced 2 00 extras good stock J ewes'- due xtoXamilidSxtli 20, to be held in lots of from 25 to 50head; 35 head goodlaUtrtiTe feeding cattle weight "8510 "pounds;--10 cattle, weight 750joumiuDSs good quality-home-r&ised. yearling cattle; one pair fancy (f our- yar-oli:la(xre mule, 1 hands Hgh and weigth 2,600 pounds; i 3 .pairsfok3ii year-old 'piare mules, l6 Hands-high, and goodlonesj one pairtfcr-yi?ol mare mules; one pair two-year-old horse mules; onefiyHg. mare,, gentle-forady, and onefghort-hom-bu!l. . ,', -.&r -. ., i -W. GrJJSpike. Xuctfcneer. ' ' ,'Pointing "out the tremendousgrowth of the express business in recent years. Agent Colliver stated thatmore than. 300,000,000 shipments ayear are being handled by the American Railway Express Copnpany,jsvhich is operating the express business on all of the railroadsof the country. About 135,000 employes are now engaged in variousbranches of the service.He declared that this made it themost extensive transportation organization in the world and that thecentralized management has made itpossible to strengthen and better theservice since the merger of the prevously separate lines. The consolidation has also cleared the way for anaggressive drive to improve internaloprrating conditions and methods,and the Better Service Campaign isthe .first step in this direction.oREPORT OP STEPHENS5 SALE..The public sale Tuesday of livestock and crops belonging to Mr. J.W. Stephens, was held on the premises near Paris by Auctioneer Geo.D. Speakes. There was a good attendance and good prices prevailed.Cows brought from $90 to $140 ahead; sows from ?35 to ?50 a head;horses from $110 to $132.50 a head;shoats $17 a head; corn in crib, $8.30 a barrel; chickens, 90 cents to$1.00 each; farming implements soldhigh.'SALEResidence !j""-- Paris, Ky.SaleN O,; l T ( 28-lt)..-RELIGIOUS.: :The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6; 30. The subject will be "Our Relation to GodObeying." This is consecration meeting. Rev. I. C. Hunt, of Covington,will preach Sunday jmorning andnight at the Presbyterian church.At the morning service the newlyelected officers will be installed.Special fmusic by the quartette andsolo by Miss Harbison. Avery cordial invitation is extended to everyone to attend.TO-PARIS METHODISTSAfter an enforced and very anuchregretted absence of several weeksfrom the activities of my church, Iexpect to be present again Sundaymorning. My subject will be "Stewardship of Prayer and Time." Ishould like to see every member ofmy church present. Let's get together and get busy. The weatheris excellent and much time has ofnecessity been lost. Let me see yourfaces Sunday morning.G. R. COMBS.CHIRSTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday afternoon, 1:30 JuniorEndeavor, in choir rooms.Sunday afternoon,-2:30 Meetingof the Church Board.Christian Endeavor Society, inchurch parlors at 6:00 p. m. Sunday.Subject; "Our Relation to God." MissEdith Harper, leader.Monthly Song Service of Choir at7:00 p. m.Workers' Conference, 7:30 p. m.,Tuesday evening.Meeting of Triangle Club, 3:30Wednesday afternoon.nreOBMATION WANTEDPostmaster J. Walter Panye hasreceived the following letter fromMary A. Burt, of Ripley, Browncounty, Ohio, asking for informationconcerning the Anderson family,supposed to be residents of this cityor county. If anyone can supply theneeded information they are asked tocommunicate with Postmaster Payneor with the writer of the. letter. Theletter follows:"Ripley, Ohio, Feb. 25."Postmaster, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: I am writing to youto find out if there are any peopleby the name of Anderson living inyour neighborhood. The ones I wantto know very particularly aboutwere named James Anderson andThomas Anderson. One of the nameof Anderson died about forty-yearsago. His name was Abijah Anderson. He is the one that I- want toknow something about. If you knowof anyone in Paris or in Bourboncounty who can give me some information in regard to his death, or asto the time of his death,. I would bevery glad to receive it. ""I was his wife at that time. Before my marriage I was Miss MarySadler, of Paris. I had . relationsLthere at that time by the "naine ofGiimore. unis was some time ago,of course, but I thought some of theold people of the city or the countymight know something of my people.Please let me hear from you."Very Truly, - ""MARY A. BURT, ."Ripley, Brown, County, Ohid. i, -B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoREV. QUARLES PAYS TRIBUTETO GEN. YOUNG.At a mass 'meeting of colored citizens held in Louisville, Rev. It.Quarles, of Paris, was one of thespeakers. Rev. Quarles paid 'a-fervidtribute to the memory of the lateGen. Bennett Young, of Louisville,saying in part:rl have known our great friend formany years. I hold in "my hand a letter given me in the interest of theOrphans' Home, of which institutionhe was president for more than '25years, a letter commending me to thecharitably inclined everywhere. Inthe most friendly manner Gen.Young always received me and othersof our race. Truly he was asBincerefriend, a noble souled man. ThankGod for the public spirited whitefriends, and they are not a few."Rev. Quarles, who is now servingas pastor of the" Oakland . 3aptistchurch, in Louisville, said in the conclusion of his address. - - . -:"I have also 'in.mind 'the very recent deaths of twcrotthe most prominent friends of -ourf people, Hon'. 'X'T. Hinton, for years Mayoin'of Paris,and one of the rnWst -successful aiid"uuciiii uuauicbwiHjireJi iua.1 miy- nasever produced&yjana Mr.' ThomasI Henry ,Clay, Jr(ohe, of; thei aunty's1dgsj men., xnjy were pota truehearted and gqtfd friends of. xur. people, and I canf"never' say.-, enough intheir praise." A ' -."-' t",'2 - "" :'. - '. V - -' - V .OFFICE TO. COURT HOUSE." -. 'Mr J-Walter Clark has moved his'real estate. office to the County TaxCommissioner's office in the basementof the: 3ourt- House, where he-is nowopen and ready for business. ,..The Clark- Real Estate - Agencyhave oh their lists' a number of verydesirable Bourbon farms that theywill se.ll at attractive prices. Likewise they havemany desirable houses' and lots "in" Paris "fbrcale at" reasonable prices. Possession-on manyof these properties ean be -had onMarch 1, .1919Vi , 'If you contemplate moving toParis see Mr. Clark and buv a townhouse. You can 'veil later .jit if'ptfpj&t,ana save me renr. v;aii in ana iook.over our lists! .. -- - CLARiaEAirY5coj:" fi : ;HOW UNCLE- SAM -DEALS WITHTAX-DODGERS.Hpw does i Uncle Sam .deal t withtax-dodgers? This inquiry, whichwas prompted by the severe penalties nrovided in the - new revenuebill, has. brought frpjm CommissionerDaniel C. Roper, a frank statementas to the Internal Revenue Bureau'sattitude toward those; whoatterapt toevade taxation. ."Any person who deliberately con--cealstax liability, or who falsifies areturn in order.to reduce or evadeany internal revenue tax, or who deliberately abets such concealment orfraud, finds arrayed against him theentire strength of this Bureau pressing for full civil and criminal penalties. That is the attitude towardthe tax-dodger, expressed in one sentence. Whether he is a inoonshiner,a stealthy trafficker in habit-formingdrugs, a juggler oj! incomc.figures, adelinquent in making the swoyn return the law requires, or .a revenueviolator of. any-other kind, .the Bureau , is charged with the duty . ofhunting him out and .exacting thefull punishment provided in-.the law."Toward the taxpayer who meansto comply with the internal revenuelaws', fully and. honestly,-the Bureauextends a helping, hand. Co-operation,with the taxpayer is our watchword and objective. 'MThese two contracts the teethof the law for the tax-dodger andthe violator, and the aid of, everylawful agency for the voluntary taxpayer, are policies necessary- to theadministration of"" tax laws undermodern conditions."One of the most difficult of .themany problems in tax collecting isto classify those who fail to fulfillthe obligations imposed, by law. TheBureau is obliged to maintain alarge staff and to use the utmost discretion in properly labeling thesecases. Even-handed justice is aheavy responsibility, and onlythrough careful siftings can delinquents be classified."There are three distinct classes ofdelinquency with which we have todeal. First, the taxpayer who hadreasonable cause, brought about byexceptional conditions beyond hiscontrol; secondly, the fellow whodidn't look up or didn't realize hisobligations, and thirdly, the personwho willfully evaded compliancewith the law.'!As for the man who shows a reasonable cause within certain linesestablished by the 'Bureau, no penalties are asserted. All other delinquent are (more carefully investigated before prosecution is begun.Many of these offenses are caused byignorance. Failure to make the report's required by law may in somecases warrant severe penalty, aswhere the delinquent continues hisdelinquency after being warned ofthevpenalty for failure to make return. However, if the delinquenttakes immediate corrective action,and it is clearly established throughinvestigation that he did not wilfully violate the law, the Bureau allowshim' to comDromise his liability- tospecific penalty by tendering- a nominal .sum of monev. In such instan- ices the money is not really -in compromise but assessed to impress thetaxpayer against future violations."But there is no relief, no compromise, for the man who willfullyevades, neglects, or falsifies. He isclassed with other law-breakers inthe eyes of the Bureau, and is vigorously prosecuted m the courts. :noother course is open3 to the -Bureau,in meeting fairly and squarely thedemand of the- willing taxpayer "I-will the other man must." Thereia a solemn responsibility thus existing between the honest taxpayersand the Bureau to locate ana punisnthe dishonest tax-dodger.''For a decade the drift of Federaltaxation has been from the indirecttax- toward direct payment by eachcitizen and resident of his just sharepf Ithe cost of government. Gradually'v the circle of 'Idirect taxpayershas.itieen increased., and under thenew revenue law the extension willinclude hundreds of tnousands wnonever before filed declarations withthe". Government. " " -'- -VWe are, therefore, now come toanother milestone in ; national progress: We approach" a new test ofthe' "soundness ,of a government of,oy i ana itn cue iiwjc. xu. iwvwhether our wonderful ' victory Cfliberty is worth the cost as! '.apportioned to tne private pock.cl-uuuk uythe people's representaives.','ir. is such a bis: thins, this collection of taxes directly from privatefunds and business" funds, thavjiotning short of our best American 'cooperative effort can' make it successful and, hence, just. TheBurp.nn Rwks this co-oneration' of theTtcmrflo in ml lectin ST the r&vehues. Ithas" never been "denied' or stinted;anything less ,than'tthe great; voluntary outpourings of shares' in he national assessment is unthinkable."And it is such a big thing- thatthe .willing taxpayer must' have the''invnntaa. rtf thi 'Rili-Pail -. t.httt thelaggards, the jugglers and ihe' violators will not escape taxation andpenalties. JThe Bureau is fulfillingits-" part- of this contract .--with, thepeople this contract: that means somuch in the practical, "effective -andjust j administration i of theAlnternalRevenue laws," j. .,.:. ? ' ;; A o r-t: v.Jt.-'-305,000 AMERICANS VE EMoBABKED POSt -HOIGE., .Up':to February '-11, "305,000. soldiej abroad had embarked fdrtidme;69-per cent, of them being brought "inAmerican ships, General Matfeh saldfrInfkct' the first ten days in" 'February alone 68,000 had'-enibarked."- Thetptaj landed was given a& 27,000,th4 "remainder being still at sea.General March announced -thatwnf-tyjsjbf; ca?go vessels .now"havebeenordered converted into troop" ships,giving an additional" capacity of 120,0 00. 'men Ter morith.and 'forcastinggreater speed in the r return pfc-thetrqbpst ,-v- r :f : o :The Red Cross 'Bureau of ,Commu.nica.tionxi8",nbw thandlirig- moT'er'than"90,000 letters every jwhekxr; i ,.f ERANK&CO.! LADIES' OUTFITTERSr ,ft ' 'We AreEarly Spring ModelssEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITSSPRING COATSDolmansCapesACJepe de Chene'anjcl Voile BlousesandSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSL."MISSING IN ACTION"All through those apprehensivedays of the growing casualty listsone feature of the reports was thenumber "jmissing in action."Around these uncertainty mountedlike a shark.And as the days went on, more andmore laggardly with -never a word ofencouragement, apprehension gaveway to the leaden weight of despair.So in many cases not until thesigning of the armistice was thereeven the slightest ray of hope. Insome none ever came.But many of these victims werefound to be in German prisons.Sojme had been .wounded. Some, overcome by weight of 'numbers, hadbeen taken prisoners outright.Many were more- dead than alive.But every one of them had donehis part to the utmost.. Not all "of us stay-at-homes cansay' as much.. ""VVe have had to face the musichere at home. We have answeredthe call of Uncle Sam, the challengeof duty, the urge of loyalty to whatmost of us have considered the bestof our ability,"Yet' not one of us have, done ourutmost.And; a lot of folks have been, "piissing)ii action" without having doneanything at all. .Simply laid down their arms andsurrendered without firing a shot.Played the traitor to Uncle Sam,to thet country, to humanity, to theboys at 'the front. To their - wivesand"' mothers.- None of -us can afford to be inthat list.' Few will care to be oncethey think it over and realize theirposition. -. Every one of us should win a decoration, the only one possible for us.A Liberty Bond as big as possible.j..STOCKSBONDSI , " - -.1, sif iComplete f acilitie 4. for -the execution ofI": iz. jorders in-aS amount. -;Investor-'Sv. Manual -1.Mailed Ueon BequestHmiig Chanfepis It Co.MP9ergewjfrk Stockr : . ih:chMe. ' .Now ShowingINNOTICE!Fruit and Shade TreesStrawberry PlantsClimbing VinesSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinesPerennialsHedgeingRoses' -Etc .7. . ,Everything for the Orchard- Lawn and Garden.Free Illustrated Catalogs.. NO AGENTS.H. f. HILLENMEYER&S0NSLexington, Kentucky(28-mo)! SSkrHmis;Coriionery StoresP! Successor to Adami & Santi.FIoridaFruifeBox Candiesv Adami's Famous .Eeeipe for i'l!maKingaenciousiqeuream, sboda . Water and MixedDrinks still used.-d Bultlce CreamIIP (Made 'from Pure1 Cream):" dliveredforhbme.use,111! . . ' ' ....E?ittcy;Ices for Parties!! TrthclEST,.St'Us "?;. I ' "it l.i: invvr BnrBnr .ronTTijf Vjigri3 ;iHCDiuv nnninu irppD;uniuii,-? ."'"I.a-.v1! ivii .-- -.--JX- 'vJWwr ffr."3w yfcOrcsAi" --v :4':"$" iSr?.svi i$r HCtxt- lj?.j-FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28,1919. -THE BOTOBON HEWS, PUIS, CTNTLVLl'pigi imriv'At1FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Om;People Here, There and" . ; ) Elsewhere.BOT&tBON MUST WAKE TJP. MEMOBIAL QUESTIONONBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsfke, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.IJCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.;feh-a4-tf)j, oATTENTION. I. 0. 0. P.,A matter of the greatest interestwill come up for consideration byBourbon Ixdge-I. O. O. F., at themeeting to be held Monday night,March; i3. All the members are urgedto be i present, and take part in theproceedings. Be sure and be thereon time.', o - -TCJ.THE "WAR MOTHERS."The1 "War Mothers" of Bourboncounty can register at the Home Servise qffice in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building, at the corner ofMain and Broadway, any afternoonbetween the hours of one and fouro'clock. The call is urgent, pleaserespond promtly.o0U TOWN IMPROVING.The big chuck-holes in Main streethave been refilled with concrete andasphalt, and now the speeding autofcts can merrily pursue the chase upand down Main street without having their speedometers jerked intoiY, middle of next week.The mud on Pleasant street hasalso been scraped up, and it is nowpossible to cross the street withoutcalling for help. For all of whichParisians are truly thankful!. oGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myPriCCS' L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.. REPORT OF SALES.Auctioneer M. P. Kenney furnishesTHE NEWS with, the following report of the sale which he conductedTuesday on the premises, on theBethlehem pike, near Paris, for Mr.Wm. Farris: , .Horses, ?127 to $150 a head;cows, $65 to $150 ahead; sows, withyoung pigs, $35 to $65 a head; hay$25 to $27 a ton; tobacco sticks, $21a thousand; seed corn, $4 a bushel;chickens, 90 cents to $1.00 each;farming implements sold at goodprices; attendance good.EVEN KIDS HAVE TO EIGURE ININCOME TAX.Babies born m 1918 will bringvarying income tax exemptions totheir parents, depending on month ofbirth A child born in January.1918 gives a $200 exception, m addition to the $2,000 allowed marriedpersons, but if a child was born inJuly, the parent is entitled to extinry nf onlv $1.00 on the infant saccount. If the child 'was bom inOctober the taxpaying parent is allowed only $50 exemption, or oneforth of the $200 normal exemption.This is a reversal of last year's policy Then the status of a taxpayeron the last day of the year determined his personal exemptions."SLAUGHTER OE INNOCENTS"Fourteen dogs on which the owners had failed to pay the requiredlicense became victims of the killerin Claysville yesterday.Fourteen residents of that classicvillage were fined $10 and costseach in. the County Court yesterdayon a charge of harboring and owning a dog on which no license hadbeen paid. The fourteen, personspromptly proceeded on their returnto empty the contents of shotgunsinto the anatomies' 6t the fourteendogs. Those who were fined wereGeorge Newton, -Arvie Finch; JimBrown, Gertrude warren, o-uiu. a&,George Brooks, Porter Warren, Annie Coleman, Annie May Evans, Sanford Blackburn, Garrett Jackson,Hal Brooks and Dave Biddle. ' 'JUST THINK. WHAT A GOOD OPPORTUNITY You have of saving a part of yourincome Try a few shares of ; Peoples Building & Loan Associationhtock. They will open a new seriesat the Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCo., Saturday night, March 1. 1SU.INSURANCE.Fire; Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail. . :YERKES & PEED.(janli-tf). o-TOUGH LUCK.Mr. J. D. Shy is in Carlisle on abusiness mission.Mrs. Daniel Henry and childrenare visiting relatives at Irvine.Mrs. Lawrence Price has returned from a visit to relatives in Eminence. 7 Mrs. Ben Holt has returned froma visit to relatives and friends inLouisville.Mrs. James Woodford anddaughter have returned from a visitto relatives in "Lexington.-r-Miss; Florence Boone, of Frankfort, is a guest of her sister," Mrs.Wm. RStipp, near Paris.Mr. Lucien Terrell has returnedfrcfn a visit to Prof, and Mrs. J.Moler McVey, in Dayton, Ky.Mr. John Toohey, of Paris, is aguest of his uncles, Messrs John andCon Flanagan, in Maysville.Mrs. J. O. Marshall was in Cynthiana, Tuesday, as a guest of Mrs.m. k. Lydick, -and Mrs. James JrCurie.. rMrs. Wallace Clark and son,Rogers Clark, of Worchester, Mass.,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. WalterClark.Hon. Claude M. Thomas has returned from an extended business-trip to points in several SouthernStates.Mrs. L. B. Purnell is convalescent and able to be out for a shorttime Wednesday, after a long seigeof. influenza, followed by pneumonia.Danville Messenger: "Mr. JohnvanMeter spent tne weeK-ena inParis, the guest of his daughter, Mrs.John Woodford and Mr. Woodford."Mr. and' Mrs. John Stewart Roberts, of near Paris, attended thefuneral and burial of Mrs. RobertQunicy Ward, at Georgetown, Wednesday. Miss Fannie Heller has returnedto the University of Kentucky afterspending several days in Paris, asguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.P. M. Heller.Miss Margaret Shea and Mr.Fred Miller, formerly of the HarrySimon clerical force, will leave Monday ' to accept positions at Steele'sstore in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore havereturned from a stay of severalmonths in Umatilla, Florida, Mrs.Moore will leave next week for abusiness trip to Clarksburg, W. Va.Mr.' and Mrs. Harry Booth, ofMontgomery, Alabama, s who havebeen in Lawrenceburg, attending theColeman-Booth wedding, are guestsof Mrs. Booth's parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee, in Paris.Mr. and .Mrs. James McDonald,of near Paris, are in." Rochester,Minn., where Mrs. McDonald is a patient at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital.Mr. McDonald, who recently underwent a serious surgical operation atthe Mayo institution, is slightly improved.Are Bourbon citizen appreciativeof vfhat our soldier boys have done?Apparently not exclusively so. Theyare hot. rallying to 'the -memorialmovement in such a way as to demonstrate any: great cjnount of gratitude. Why? Surely 'because theyhave not stopped to think.We sent our boys away with ahurrah and a" God-speed, and promised to standback of them in theirgreat crusadeSWe did stand backof them. Bourbon county has causeto be proud of' her record in everypatriotic appeal of the Governmentand welfare organizations. Many ofour heroic boys are not coming backSome are sleeping in the soil ofFrance and Flanders; others died noless gloriously before they were permitted to even cross the seas.Those that come back, will, likeall our. American sons, be covered-with glory. They all, the living andthe dead, merit-our honor and thetribute of a lasting and adequatememorial.Some of our patriotic citizens aretrying to promote such a memorial,but the general citizenship of thecounty has not rallied as is theirhabit. Wake "up, folks! Get backof this worthy enterprise and put itover in the good old Bourbon countystyle.A mass meeting will be held onSunday, March 9, to take further action in regard to the memorial. Leteveryone attend and help .the movement along!I'AiXHHEr-4 fur:Simon's: ' .. j"J , vFirst Springi7r-itS&FHvrDisplay&:i.rh'ti.BEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)AT THE ALAMO AND PARISGRAND.To-day, Friday, February 28Enid Bennett, in "When Do WeEat?" Pearl White in "The Lightning Raider;" Keystone Comedy, "HeDid and He Didn't;" Hearst NewsPictures. 'To-morrow, Saturday, March 1Geraldine Farrar, in "The Hell Cat;"Smiling Bill Parsons in "Bill CampsOut;" Current Events.Next- week, beginning Thursday,March 6, "The Cupid's Revue," presented by Arthur Hauk, with DanColling, the blackfaced Jcing, and aclassy chorus of pretty girls. Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights,with change of program each night.Edward VanLueewe Orchestra. Readthe big display ad in this issue.,vIllACome in and see the new Spring Suits,Coats, Dresses, Waists, Skirts, Etc., wehave assembled. It is truly a worthydisplay of styles and values. ' NHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, KyiMain Street, Paris, Ky.LEXINGTON JUNIOES DEFEATJ PARIS HIGH JUNIORS.Dr. A. H. Keller, City HealthOfficer of Paris, accompanied by hisson, Mr. Newsum Keller, who wasrecently mustered out of the UnitedStates army service, left yesterdayfor Dallas, Texas, for a two-weeks'visit to his son, Mr. George Keller,who Is interested in the oil fields ofthat vicinity. Mr. Newsum Kellerwill remain with his brother in theprosecution of oil developments?oTHE PENNY LUNCH AT PARISPUBLIC SCHOOL.In behalf of the penny lunch roomat the Paris Public School building,we ask the interest and co-operationof all friends. We are f urnishingevery day a lunch on this order: Acup of rich vegetable soup, a hardboiled egg, two sandwiches, two teacakes or sweet rolls for ten cents.You can readily see that we needhelp. Eggs, potatoes, onions, cao-bage, beans, bacon, picKies, pre:serves, jelly, cneese, ariea nam, peanut butter, in fact any thing thatcan be used in making our soups andsandwiche's wholesome and. delicious,will be so much appreciated.Leave .donations at J. T. HintonCompany. .Mrs. James McClureJ. President H,,& W. League.Mrs. W. O. "Hinton, ChairmanPenny Lunch.. oY M. 0." A. MEETINGS ON SUNDAYAFTERNOONS.The Junior basketball team of theLexington Y. M. C. A. came to ParisWednesday night, and defeated thejunior team of the Paris High Schoolby a score of 19 to 9. The score atthev.end of the first half was ten totwo' in favor of Lexington. In thesecond half Paris made their onlyfield goal, and threw five more fouls.The final score was chalked up as 19to 9. The Paris teafn will play a returndate at Lexington on Fridaynight March 7. The Paris teamined up as follows: White, f; Arn-sparger, r; Aiinaitucni, c; unaoi, ;gMorrison, g.aLOSTA Georgetown College Class Ring,A. B. '14, marked S. E. S., on inside,between Mrs. C. N. Fithian's - andCity School. Leave at BOURBONNEWS. . (28-tf)House For SaleSix-room house on Virginia avenue; has electric lights and ' gas,bath, etc.; good garden. Can giveimmediate possession. Price $1,500.Both phones 81.(It) J.,M. SMELSER. 1TOBACCO COTTON1 AA 6 l-2c AAA 7 l-2c !III ' IAtI Harry Simon's jmAmmmmmmm&mmmmm mimmlUOaW gjM&MimmmmmmmmMmmmmmLuck p"-'"" ink various 'land ofuises--also baluck-and generallythe latter. -.Along, this line THENEWS-heard just inr;a casual sorj ofway a few eights ago that a Parisman, anticipating .the drouth, anak -;o. ; ttmVps- in conseauence oithe signing -oL.tlie revenue Ml yjPresident Wilson, purcuw. ""Tiof liquors, comprising several quartsof the stuff that brings joy and happiness, and brought irto Pfris.whhim. The goods were taken .to a localgarage, where it was supposed theconsignment would-be naturally sate,and stored there temporarily while,,..'Ymrr'KRer. went out tocomplete his local 'shopping giJJJJW.J.4I V , .The Y. M. C. A. offers anothermeeting for men and older, boys onSunday afternoon, March' 2.'- Dr. I.Cochran Hunt, pastor of the SecondPresbyterian Church of Covington,Kentucky, will speak on the topic,"Dawning of a New Day." Dr.Hunt is a men's man in every senseand the Y. M. C. A. is pleased withthe opportunity to-gather the-Bourboncounty men .to hear this addressand make his acquaintance.. TheOpera House orchestra, will give annthpr sacred concert and the songs,jnade popular by the Liberty Chorus,t5u be used. A program of this excellence makes the hours or tnree tofive o'clock Sunday afternoon mostpleasant, and profitable. , T.he menare expected. to bring' their rienI&.it i-Q ' ' ' - 'FOR SALEBuick readster, in first-class condition (and. this means all right.)For information, see . .C. A. MARTIN,., Pastime Billiard Hall,Between Eighth and Ninth Sts:(28-tf) .',Just Received For OurBIG CASE SALELOST.DON'T DO ANYTHING UNTIL: YOU SEE US.Do, not buy anytfiln .In JhtClothln Hm iiitttf you fit myL WOLLSTEIN,tf ', Clothing Department.On Maysville & Lexington turnpike,, between Lexington and -Carlisle,a 34-4 Goodrich cord tire, onrim. Reward for .return to -,; DONALD A. NEAL,346 E. Main -Street, .;(28-2t) Lexington, Ky.KaltexRockers' andChairsAH At20 DiscountLOSTFriday night. February 21? eitherin Opera -House ,r jetween.. Eighthand Fourteenth; , streets, .. a- ladies'gold atch. Name in .watch "AmandaWoodard," March, 21, '1893." Finderwill please call,N; H. Bradley BroomWorks-, over; Home phone. 'Suitablereward. ,,.-. ; N-. dt-pd) .tCOW KINS DCPKIS0NEDs2. Vid-t .a.iirr Tipmachirie to look after the safety of11 Wuiv l-..T.mac TVrfifcv. "millionaire coHnri' nf TllShofs: is'&masf.behifidbrs of a Federal prison -for eightdisappeared, nd.-fce hasn t J-Ji? f Lftnt. tmvers. in all ..portions ofyet. accorln-.ir wgTKVGEr ?r.x" 'the 'country.gandPaper HanginPaintingWeNfean. furnish estimates on Paper-. T. XTl TTT- V..,. ", 4..1Vv?ng ana r&iauus, ,nB,iiw, jline of. samples. ;WorJL gusranwsea;and-leharges reasonable.-. - - ,. JkSHUEOT & OWSLEY mj ' fllflB '1 Our sales so9 MOTORTORMr-1-.3 '" --": ":. -x.jj1'FITHERPWONC" Jo. No ChairMade WearsLike TheseAnd just thinkyou-get .them at .20 DiscountThisMayflowerPuritanPhonographSells regularly everywhere at $125.00. It itin the Big .Cash Sale at$100.00RUGS!Don't fall to buy yourRuss now, when youcan set them at muchless.: Every ng at20 Discountfair have beenveryclajge.. " give the beet values.We know vreiOTQR INVALID COACftUNDERTAKING;".a :J -'SIXTH AND MAIN STSw1fc-?s'one.'- ""T'st'c-i tK,. 4.'r-n.-f 'THE BOTOBOH 1lEWS, PARIS, UBTUUMFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2S, ISIfc.f AGE SIX! Vyirm'i.v,TlA ' W - V !. m. v w w mZMif LJffjmvjm 1 i pTfar-MU Cf J. JLCl VU1Your Nose KnowsThe Encyclopaedia Britannicasays about the manufacture ofsmoking -tobacco, "... on theContinent and in America certain'sauces' are employed . theuse of the 'sauces' is to improvethe flavour and burning qualitiesof the leaves."Your smoke-enjoyment depends as much upon the Quality,and kind, of flavoring used asupon the Quality and aging ofthe tobacco.Tuxedo tobacco uses thepurest,most wholesome and delicious ofall flavorings chocolate ! Thatflavoring, added to the finest ofcarefully aged and blendedburley tobacco, produces Tuxedothe perfect tobacco"Your Nose Knows.".ix."A'wmwi 1GUARANTEED TO SATIS PrUS. rs s . -rKTUUH MUNLT aJtOTHER GIVES CHILD'S BEHCFOR RF.LTEF.One of tne proofs of how the storyof the unparalleled distress of thelittle nations of the Near East has, cone home to the hearts of theAmerican public, was typified. in aletter at New York headquarters received from a lady in Missouri, whowrote Cleveland H. Dodge, Treasurer of the Committee, as follows:"Enclosed you will find a draft forft small amount to help a little inrelieving the suffering in WesternAsia. I am also sending a ten-centpiece which I have ktept.for over 30years, because it wasound" clasped"in my baby's hand when hedied; butI feel that I have no right to keepit .longer when k other babies arestarving."At a luncheon last week of workers or the American. Committee forSafe InvestmentsKentucky CountyTax Free BondsAlt Ptitrtl lm TaxPRICES VERY ATTRACTIVEWRITE FOR DESCRIPTIVECIRCULARSThe Rudolph KleyboltoCKipamy -15 UflUn Central Bit.CINCINNATI, OHIOBig Special!10 Pound BucketPureLard$2.50'jzjLzdJT-- S, & "StMtiry Meat Markety2SS&ft&StfrwmrmAri yf ..... J2j&MflWLEN'Srzrpio0aeemJ MWmM-tf ifi3WmmmTry This Test: Rub a little Tuxedobriskly in the palm of your hand tobring out its full aroma. Then smellit deep its delicious, pure fragrancewill convince you. Try this test withany other tobacco and we will letTuxedo stand or fall on your judgment "Your Nose Knows,"fiwcedoJr The Perfect Tobacco for Pipe and CigaretteGuaranteed byrtutsrv&it, &OXNew York City, this story was told,relief in the Near East Campaign inand it was asked whether-there wasany one person who would like tomake a special giftf to the Armeniancause in return for this priceless little blackened ten-cent piece, and return the precious relic to the motherwho had been capable of such a supreme sacrifice. Two offers weremade, one being1 for $100, which wasaccepted. If all AJmericans weregiving in the spirit of this motherthe $30,000 ,1) 00, required for the rehabilitation of the Near East wouldnot only be; raised, but overpassedwithin a very short time.THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodic attacks ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting a sallowskin and dull eyes? If so, you canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's" Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid theee attacks if you observethe directions with each package.(adv.)oPROTECT BOB WHITEA number of the up-to-date farmers of Clinton county, 111., will askthe Legislature of that State to giveBob White greater protection. IfBob and many other birds were cared for by the faijmers and protectedby the laws, any number of our insect pests would practically go out ofbusiness by the way of the birds'stomachs.J.R.FUNKMANUFACTURERAND DEALER INHARNESSJEaat Jefferson StreetLOUISVILLE, KY.IV. GLASSES I.THF INVISIBLE. BIFOCALSlet ui examine ytur eyes. Hoguess-work to know htw.JitteisyDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-C First National Bank,,Both Phonea, - Paris, Ky,k 111 I lIliTWT 227"TABS" SOUNDED FOR FAMOUSCONFEDERATE GENERAL.Gen. Bennett H. Young, soldier,attorney, author and former commander-in-chiefof the United Confederate Veterans, is dead. Thedeath of Gen. Young came Sundayafternoon at 3:05 o'clock at hishome, 429 West Ormsby avenue, inLouisville. Few of his friends knewthat he was seriously ill. Two weeksago he went to Florida in the hopeof improving his health.He was barely able to walk Saturday night when he was broughtback to Louisville.After traveling in a private stateroom andu nder the care of his wifeand daughter, who joined him at Atlanta, the journey was too much forGen. Young. r It was -necessary forDr. Curran Po'pe to meet hijm at theUnion Station with an 'ambulance.This was at 9:30 o'clock Saturdaynight. The patient was put to bedat once. He gradually sank untilhis death Sunday afternoon.Gen. Young was born at Nicholasville, Ky., May 25, 1843, the son ofRobert and Josephine HendersonYoung. Although but 17 years oldat the outbreak of the Civil War heserved with Gen. John M. Morgan'sfamous cavalry command and was incommand of the St. Albah's raid. Atthe end of the Civil War, Gen. Youngspent three years in exile on account of the refusal of PresidentAndrew Johnson to include his namein the ttnnesty proclamation. Whileexiled he completed a course of lawand literature in the Queen's University of Ireland, and attended a year'slecture at the University of Edinburgh. Gen. Young returned to Americawith such exiles as Jno. C. Breckinridge, Jas. M. Mason, T. T. Hawkins,Charles J. Heljtn and John B. Castleman. He was known as the "babyexile," all the others being men welladvanced in life, while Gen. Youngwas but 22 years old. He began thepractice of law in Louisville upon hisreturn to the State. He never hadheld a public office except that ofmember of the Constitutional Convention of 1900.Gen. Young was appointed by Gov.McCreary in 1876 to represent Kentucky at the Paris Exposition.Gen. Young held degrees frommany colleges and universities. Hisearliest studies were at Centre Col-Llege, Danviltej Ky. In addition totne two toreign universities at which.he studied, he held an honorary master of art degree given him by theSouthwestern Presbyterian University, and a doctor of law degree, votedhim by King's College, Tennessee, in1891.Gen. Young was in his seventysixth year, and a native Kentuckian.In 1913 he was given the highesthonor possible for the old Confederacy to bestow on one of its faithful followers of the early sixties,when he was elected cojmmander-in-chiefof the United Conferedate Veterans. He held this high post ofhonor until 1916, when he retiredand was made honorary copnmander-in-chieffor life.One of the last survivors of amemorable and heroic generation,Gen. Young was long a prominentfigure in the business life of Louisville and the courts of the State andJefferson county. He was an eloquent pleader before the bar, andtwenty years ago the announcementthat Gen. Young was to argue couldalways fill a courtroom.Yes I EverybodyTakes CascaretsOnly 10 cents! "Harmlesscathartic for sluggishliver and bowelsFeel bully! Cheer up! TakeCascarets to liven your liver andclean the bowels and stop headaches,biliousness, bad breath, coatedtongue, sallowness, sour stomach 'andgases. To-night take Carscarets andenjoy the nicest, gentlest liver andbowel cleansing you ever experienced .Wake up feeling grand. Everybody's-doing it. Cascarets best laxative for children. They gladly takethis pleasant candy cathartic becauseit never gripes or sickens like otherthings.WAR MOTHERS MAY REGISTERNOW.'The War Mothers of Bourboncounty can register at the Home Service office in the Bourbon-Agriculturalbuilding- any afternoon between the hours of one and fouro'clock. The call is urgent. Pleaserespond promptly.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUBED.with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the aeat or the disease.Catarrh is, a local ajsease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine- is1 taken internally and. actsthrough' the blood on the mucous surfaces of the .system. Hall's Catarrh,Medicine "was prescribed' by one of thebest physicians in this couh'try foryears. It is copnposed of ome ofjme nest tonics Known.combimed .with,some of the best blood purifle'ra. Theperfect combination of the .ingredients in-HalL's, Catarrh Jedicineis What Droduces surh wnni?Vfiil r-ults inwcatirhal? conditions. SeidrW icaiiipuuuUB 'If. , -.J. CHENEY Jb-jCO.,Toledo, ()hio.Sold by druggists, 75c.-Hall's Pipiily pills for xsonstipation. '(adv)i -o-Our idea of nothing in particularia grape -juice containing 2 per.cent of alcohol.THE MARCH "WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION.The first of a series of articles byRoland Phillips appears in the MarchCompa-nion. Mr. Phillips is in Franceengaged in securing definite information about soldiers who are reported missing and he writes his experiences. An account of the wayNew York treats the returned soldier is given in "When Johnny CopiesMarching Home," by Anna SteeseRichardson. A third echo of the;war is found in the Companion Fam-ily Albujm, showing photographs andletters of little French orphansadopted through the Companion.The fiction includes the openinginstallment of an amusing tale of"Colonel' Wilkie-and. the ladies," byCorra Harris; and engaging storiesby Mary Stewart Cutting, ElizabethJordan and Sarah Comstock.A color nainting of Lincoln's -favorite photograph is exquisitelyprinted in colors, well worth a frameand permanent possession.The end of the was has givenimpetus to fashions and they receivefull attention in this issue.Altogether the magazine is wellrounded and sparkling with interest.For Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour .nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets .are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country. iDon't be without them in your jhome. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and .25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. V. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.IKTERTTIiBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexinsrton ForPoris "RVrParisLexington!A. M.A. M.6.00XA. M. 6:45A. M. 7:215xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:457:208:5010:2011.501:202:504:20Q:00 .7:209:1011:00(x) DailyM.M.M.M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M;P. M. 10:05except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYTHETobacco Warehouse Co.Total Sales for the Season6,116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.479'We hold the season average for the ParisMarket and State of KentuckyWe Lead the, Plenty of Rofrhi to GetDrive Right In!The BourbonSAVE MONEY ONSHOES FOR THEFrom Foochow, China, comes thisletter from R. E. Gardner, FoochowCollege : ' ' Neolin Soles have solved theshoe problem for me. Other soles woreout quickly on the rocky roads here,and I had no end of trouble withthem," he writes.Where other soles fail, Neolin Solesalways stand the test of hard wear andrough usage. This fact points the wayto economy. Buy Neolin-soled shoesfor the whole family, and so save shoemoney. And Have Neolin Soles put onyour old shoes, too.These durable, flexible, and waterproof soles are scientifically made byThe Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.,Akron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeels, guaranteed to outwear all otherheels.Trade Mark Beg. U. 3. Pat. OS.:Wiimoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376!VWHOLEFAMILYBOURBON(Incorporated)(Backs Shown in Proof of Abov Claims.)Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incftrptratad)PARIS, KENTUCKY,Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction &TerminalCo.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J- FEEAGENT:4j4iji-iumyflTobaccoiCottonALLGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPrice6Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.i,.. ., ikkkSWn- ..- .State !InltmIIt' ;yjODAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1919.THE BOUEBOH HEWS. PABI5,A NewJesilip-''WSIVtQrave Soap!Justatablespoonful of GRANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoap in the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, slicingpnd rubbing that you do now.whenever you wash or clean.And yoa save soap. You knowjust bow much to use.Isn't it simple? What woman wouldput up with the fuss and bother ofbarjsoap lying around and wastingaway, when she can now have thismarvelous powdered soap,Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!t&nd?LargerPackagesABE SOLDIERS INTERESTED INRELIGION.A few days ago a Colonel on theitzS. of the Commanding General oftG iftnericau Expeditionary Forcesin. France returned to his home inthis country. He is one of tbe youngest and most brilliant officers in thearpay, having risen within a veryshort time from a private in theranks to a most responsible position.The day after Ms arrival he was interviwed by a newspaper reporter offcua home city. He refrained absolutely from talking of his work or ofthe work of the army except in verygeneral terms. Finally the questionof religious work was broached,Blowing rings of cigarette smokefrom his closely pursued lips, theyouthful sage is quoted as offeringtaa following comment:"Oh, yes! The Salvation Armypassed doughnuts and all that sort ofthing, but as for the Y. M. C. A.,why, the dying soldier doesn't carea whoop in hell for religion."Was he right?Stories told by returning soldiers,omcers and religious workers do notagree with his statement. Recordskept as carefully as circumstancespermitted by religious workers inin France disapprove it.In the army camps in the UnitedStates carefully compiled reports disprove it.A report has just been received atthe Louisville State Headquarters ofthe Y. M. C. A. showing the workdone by the Association in the Central Army department of fourteenStates from the opening of the work,May.l, 1917, to December 31, 1918.There were 131 Y. M. C. huts in theDepartment with 775 secretaries chiployed, not including the S. A. T. C.This report shows that during thosemonths jmore than 60,000,000 menvisited the various buildings in theCentral Department alone. Morethan 62,000,000 letters were written,paper being furnished free. Fourmillion letters in money orders weretaken care of in Association buildings. Over 12,500 miles of movingpictures were shown with an attendance of more than 6,000,000 andother entertainments attracted thatmany more. At regular religiousmeetings there was an attendance ofover 4,000,000 and a million menwere enrolled in 30,000 Bible classes.Over 50,000 men. pledged their allegiance to tbe cause of the Master andthe wr roll showed a total of morethan 117,000 names. The "war roll"is made up of men who , professedChrist and who asked to be affiliated with the church of their choiceupon their return to civilian life.More than 3,000 men are on the "warroll" in Kentucky alone.oBAD COLD? HEADACHYAND NOSE STUFFED"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends Coldsand Grippe in a PewHours.Take "Pape's Cold Compound"every two hours until you havetaken three doses, then all grippemisery goes and your cold will bebroken. It promptly opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages of the head! stops nasty discharge or nose running; relieves theheadache, dullness, feverishness, sorethroat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness. Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling. Base your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Accept nosubstitute.To Se Is to Believe."If I come In your yard will youtdog bite me?" asked -Weary Willie."I'm not cerUtn, mister, replied thewoman of the house, "but the man whosold him to us says that he'll chase atramp 10 miles without stopping. ButI'm not going to believe it till I see itdone."--People's Home Journal.War MacironlrSomebody Is complaining, of the 121of the war macaroni. We "ha've alwayg,preferred the 44rcalibre kind to thesort they call wermicelll, as Samlv,elWeller would say.MOTOTES OF EPHOETH LEAGUEMEETING.The State Cabinet of the "KentuckyConference Epwor$i League wasformally convened in a called sessionin Paris, Saturday morning at nineo'clock, with the President, Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, presiding. The meetingwas held in Mr. Snapp's office in theKentuckian-Gitizen building, on BankRow.The following members of theCabinet answered to the roll call: MissElizabeth Clark, Secretary, of Harrodsburg; Miss Lois Hall, Treasurer,of Lexington; Miss Drusie Frakes,Conference Reporter, of Carlisle;District Secretaries: Covington, Mr.P. C. Regan, of Covington; Danville,Miss Lula Arnold, of Wilmore; Lexington, Miss Emma Bedford, of Lexington; Maysville, Miss Bettie Shaw,of Carlisle; Shelbyville, Miss PearlWingfield, of La Grange; Rev. J. E.Savage, Conference President LeagueBoard, of Covington ; Rev. H. A. Longino, Conference Treasurer LeagueBoard, of Burgin, and Mr. Snapp,President of League Conference andSecretary of Conference LeagueBoard.The meeting was opened by devotional exercises conducted by theRev. Mr. Longino, which was followedby a brief talk by Mr. Snapp who outlined the work of the day. Reportswere received from the District Secretaries which indicated that the workthrough out the State had been seriously affected by the influenza epidemic, but a hopeful spirit of optimism was expressed for the work inthe future.The receiving of reports and discussing of same was completed atthe noon hour when adjournment wasmade for luncheon which was servedby the Paris Chapter in the diningroom of the Methodist Church.A delightful chicken dinner hadbeen prepared by the Paris Epworthians. The dining room was beautifully decorated in the national colorsand a large photograph of GeorgeWashington was conspiciously displayed between two American flagsin recognition of the anniversary dayof the father of his country. Thelarge dining table seated eighteenwith Mr. Snapp at one end of thetable, and Mrs. James Grinnell, Jr.,President of the local Chapter, at theother end. The place cards weresmall red hatchets. The dinner wasgiven in four courses.The business reconvened in theafternoon at 1:30 o'clock, and thetreasurer, Miss Hall, gave her reportwhich was followed by a discussion ofthe League's part in the great Missionary Centenary. The Cabinetformally accepted the $10,000 allotment, and on a motion by Mr. Reganthe following annual apportionmentwas adopted for the districts:Covington District $400Danville District 275Frankfort District 275Tackson District 100Lexington District 375"Uavsville .Dirict 150Shelbyville District 375The Rev. Mr. Savage addressed theCabinet, outlining a definite programof work to be undertaken by theLeague Board. A map 'will be prepared showing all the MethodistChurches in Kentucky and designating the churches which have Leagueorganizations and those which hayenot. The Board also proposes to organize within the. next six months atleast ten new League Chapters and to.assist in forwarding the work in allseven of the District meetings to beheld this spring.Minute plans were outlined for theDistrict Institute work, and theannual Conference, which will meet inWinchester June 23-27, was discussedmmmmmmjmtmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmamAN OPERATION' 1Instead I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand Was Cured.Baltimore, Md. "Nearly four yearsI suffered from organic troubles, nervousness and headaches and everymonth would have tostay in bed most ofthe time. Treatments would relieveme for a time butmy doctor was always urging me to.nave an operation.My sister asked meAo trv Lvdia E. Pink-h a m'a VAcrpfjihlflff jf Compound beforeconsenting to anI . five bottles of it andV ft " ( it has completelyv cured me and mywork is a pleasure. I tell all my friendswho have any trouble of this kind whatLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable ComSaund has done for me.' Nellie B.RITTINGHAM, 609 CalvertonRd., Baltimore, Md.It is only natural for any woman todread the thought of an operation. Somany women have been restored tohealth by this famous remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afteran operation has been advised that itwill pay any woman who suffers fromsuch ailments to consider trying it before submitting to such a trying ordeal.ISlIiiIrar illiCrsa.ia"-JtT'ror m rTrip Fvp Of ift mose who arevnseThe Cof fee I these days areDrinker I seeind not onlybet.terhealth,butEconomy in aChange From Coffee. POSTUMNerther "the war nor pre-warconditions have as yet increased the price of POSTUM CEREALor Instant Postum.POSTUM-both-fbrms-has alwaysbeen economical. Besides, it contains no"caf feine"or any otherharmful substance .r-. POSTUM is good for the Jiearthm trie aeiiorrc ot vouno ana oiaan economicainourishing, delicious beverage. Every day'There's a Reason" forPostum.OF'astf js 6Vat length and a tentative program including speakers was outlined.The meeting was brought to aclose with a talk by Mr.- Snapp whogave a report of the recent meetingof the Presidents of the. Central Division which was held in Birmingham,Ala. Some of the interesting factswhich he brought out in his closingmessage were:"In the last quarter of a centuryeierhtv ner cent of all th TYnQQionaviocsent out by the Methodist Church hasineen lurnished by the EpworthLeairae."The Epworth League was the firstorganization to be assigned and to definitely assume a part in the Missionary Centenary Campaign for thirtyfive million dollars, pledging itselfwithin the next five years to raiseover threehundred and eighty thousand. "Of the five hundred volunteers tobe furnished within the next fiveyears for missionary work the Epworth League proposes to recruit twohundred."' In urging annunited co-operationand appealing to his co-workers fora large and nobler tasks, Mr.' Snappclosed his talk bv tellincr of hi p-cent visit to Centennial Park, Nashville, Tenn.:"In returning from Birmingham, itiwas my privilege, in company with.Brother Savaee. to visit CentennialPark. It is a beautiful place. Onething that attracted by attention wasa large sun dial about four feet tall,which was surrounded by beautifulflower beds that were well cared forin. every way. On the sun dial inPark. It is a beautiful place. Onewhich invariably causes one to meditate: " 'To-morrow 'its not ours to knowThat all again shall see the flowers." 'To-morrow is the God's, but onlyTo-day is ours. '' "Let us go from this meeting with astrpng determination to immediatelytake up the work before us and pressit to a successful conclusion. Today,and not to-morrow, is ours."The meeting then adjorned withthe League benediction.cv-NEW CALOMEL ISBEST FOR COLDSAND INFLUENZADoctors Now Prescribe Calotabs, thePurified Calomel, That is Safeand Nausealess.Doctors are warning the publicthat simple colds and oiild cases ofinfluenza often lead to pneumoniaand other serious complications.They say that ever cold should receive immediate attention and thatthe first step in the treatment is tomake sure that the liver is active.For this purpose Calotabs, the perfected, nausealess calomel that isfreed from danger of salivation, isthe surest, best and mose agreeablelaxative.One Calotab at bed time with aswallow of water that's all, nosalts, no nausea, no danger and noupsetting of the digestion and appetite. Next morning your cold hasvanished, your liver is active, yoursyste'm is purified and refreshed andyou are feeling fine with a heartyappetite for breakfast.For your protection. Calotabs aresold only in original sealed packages,price thirty-five cents. All druggistsrecommend and guarantee Calotabsby offering to refund the price if youare not delighted with them.(adv)Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the Titanu tTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market for& , J years, and has made good without reservation.m i 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerjl at the belt., I A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmj power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull- ,I ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way toj the general run of farm work. Not too large for thet small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume .', of work. .. "Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowing.under all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the.Titan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEIXSXiXSXi1X1NAVY ISSUES OBDER POU OVERSEAS FLKJHT.Navy aviation experts are planning a flight across the Atlantic.Commander John H. Towers was ordered to take charge of "the development of plans 'and assemble, ofmaterial an.d personnel for the proposed trans-Atlantic flight,"While it is not now known whatequippnent it is planned to use in theflight or when it will be attempted,it is recalled that the navy department during the war developed amonster seaplane equipped withthree liberty motors giving it in theneighborhood of 1,200 horsepower.This machine has as its body a substantially built boat and has carriedas high as $1 persons in flights, ofconsiderable length. It has beenwithin, the lest few weeks repeatedlytested put along the Atlantic coastwith, great success.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment ."BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.iXSKittSXiIX!1IilNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2496 of the Telegraph and Telephone .Administitttlea.issued by the PoBtonaster General a t Washington, December 12tk,Hketoll rate is ordered effective Januar ry 21, I9lf.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rate will kclassified as follows: The day rate a pplles between the hour of 4: Si fem. and 8:30 p. m. j, , jj - j-.jp K4MNight rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for sCation-to-statioaiiiea!sages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, lees than any day ralesbut no night rate for less than 25 ce nts.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4: SO a. a. shall fee a.Vroximately 75 per cent, lesa than th e day rate, but no aight ratt latathan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages anal 1 be approximately 25 per ctafehigher than station-to-station ratea.Appointment calls shall be appr oximately 50 per cent, hither teem'statlon-to-etatlon calls. ' -Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the aifeiatment rate, plus coat of messenger fee.A report charge of approximatl y 25 per ceat. of the statlpa-to etswtion rate will be made on all person- to-person calls, when person tsar4is not in or wm not iais: or party c ailing is out when connecuoaispietea wuam one, nouraiieriinnns time. tParis Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.,Wgn' " " . r (Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH. , . . W. H. CANHON.District Manager local Manaeer1C SSE " - " "." ' . '- ii i a m B m m m mBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetH1"WJPiif3r5-h. " - .mefmmtt a111 "BWa iPBX- &KHI I J .(SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infe-'rior to none, and solicitr your patronage.IIXIXIXIXIXIXIXThe Bourbon Laundry. xIIParis, KentuckySend That Next Job of Printing toBourbon News. Best Work; Right Price..1 m.iMzLmI iV.i4 (IIf iHyj inVIiii., -Vvr jWiw -,tLj. - ."-."- v JLvgm T v- w T - 'At,r.-F 'v' H& Z t tt if. K " 7'fmr.-v---V- ' v Jji,. - -n r j &AG11 EIGHTTTHESOUXBOXr HEWS. PARIS, KEITOTCKtFRIDAY, JTEBRUAfcY 2$, ISIS.(-r THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOMILLERSBURG1j, ; o4 Ml". T- W. f!lirrnt -arfcrt ?a nDEATHS.;1flUV'Bncl to His home, is improving".I1. - Al. n 1 - ?" iiis. i.uauiu is improving ai-er a severe attack of pneumonia.. Mr-fi, R'. Butler, Mrs ..J. JB. Col-iier, M. Jmes Buckler and family, T.; IK Judy and T. M: Thompson are all. Smprqving- nicely.' Ltr. Lee Clarke, of "Louisville, rft-pt Jtumed to his home Thursday, after Ip. lew days' visit to his parents. Mr.n; nd Mrs. J. S. Clarke.f f- The nersonal nronertv nf th& lateL y 3Irs. America Jones was sold at pub-jj.m oaie weuuesaay, everytning. bringing good prices.Mr. J3. D. Baldwin and familyanoved Thursday from rooms in Cassidy. Flat to the property of Mrs. W.M. Miller, vacated, by .-the late Mrs.jM. S. Martin.Col. TV. MLayson, granddaugh. Iter, -Miss Lavina Layson, and MissV 'iAlberta Moffett, have gone to Jack-? -weeks." Mrs. M. P. Arranith, of SiouxPity, Iowa, and Mrs. Walter Pillory,)of Lexington, arrived Sunday asjgnests of their parents, Mr. and. Mrs.BROWN.f,Y rr. H. Thompson.i In, the issue of THE NEWS lastU week in vrfrich. there was an item toj jfche 'effept that Mrs. C. M. Best hadentertained a number of her ladyjErie.nds, was a mistake, which -wesneapt to correct, and should havej fceen. Mrs. A. S. Best, entertained thej Twentieth Centucky Club.' Mrs. Maude Spears Barnett,'whq has been elected president of, JSstyre College, in Lexington, for thejcoming year, spen,t the greater part' her early life in .Millersburg atr; the hqme of her uncle, Mr. Alex But, ier. She attended the Millersburg'Female College at that time, and int DL917 was a member of the Collegefaculty. ij .i Mrs. Mattie Stephens, agedsixty-four, died Tuesday about 10:00.. m., at the h'ne of her daughter,Jrfrs. J H. Burroughs, of a complication of diseases. Mrs.. Stephens hasresided with "her daughter for' thepast year. She was formerly a resident of Cynthiana. During her so"' jdurn in Millersburg, she. had been''jauir invalid, suffering from a complicriV on of diseases. Last week shejgro - much worse and continued to' grtI' weaker until the jend. Earlytd'll'e she was united in marriage toMr. Smith. One' child was born totheni, now Mrs. J. H. Burroughs,'lifter she was united" in marriage toMrj Stephens. She is survived by herdaughter, Mrs. J. H. Burroughs, twolisters, Mrs. Duvall and Mrs. Farris,hoth. of Parts. The body" was interred L. Wednesday afternoon in BattleGrove Ctnetery, Cynthiana, after ashort service at the grave by ElderJones, of this city.o .jYAjSKEE ENGINEER . ACCOMV ,-PLISHES DEEMING IMPOS-Homer Brown, aged eighteen,died .yesterday morning at nineo'clock of pneumonia, at the home ofhis parents, flNIr. and Mrs. S. G-.Brown. The body will be sent toRich Hill, i Casey county, for burial. The funeral, will take place to-'morrow .(Saturday) at noon in theRich Hill Cemetery.BCe is survived by v his parents,seven brother and six sisters. Thisistheftrst .death in this large family. Mr. and Mrs. Brown, are tenants on a farm near Centreville.WATSON.r-Mrs. Laura Watson, -aged twenty-three,died Wednesday at the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. KaleMartin, of Clifton avenue, in thiscity, after a short illness of pneumonia. The body will be taken toWinchester, where the interment willtake place in the Winchester Cemetery at eleven o'clock this morning,with services conducted at the graveside. Mrs. Watson is survived by hermother, Mrs. Mary F. Watson, ofWinchester, and one sister, Mrs.Leonard Watson, of Paris, and fivebrothers, Strother, JSnbrose, Thomas,Richard and J C. Martin, all ofWinchester.ySEBLE TASK."Declarme- thnt-if. is thp flrcf iimnthat a stone house has been movedIn France, Sergeants Abe Greisnertend, Mike Murphy, of. Company. C2iave recently finished "a job of mov-ing-a.350 ton structure and have setSt?dOwa on its new site.' -The French said 'it' could' not beidode and -declared ..that, the only. waywroaa couia je ciearea for the newline of railway track' would be to tearthe house down. But the: SergeantsyjLth their detail of fifteen men startted to work witlT picks and rollersJand" soon had the house movingacross the fields: News of .the featSspread" and the authorities sent aphotographer from the French Academy of Science to record officially theStages of tire work.The house was placed upon its3iewsitewithout l crack. It is believed! that this demonstration ofjAindrrican ingenuity will save manysf&Uons along the lines " where thejYa&fctee engineers are building additional tracks and switching yards,FJajm the Spiker, France.:. , -o-GRAVTTT.Miss Lizzie Gravitt, aged fortyeigth, died Wednesday of cancer atthe home of her brother, GroverGravitt, .near Paris.Miss Gravitt was a daughter ofMr. Frank Gravitt, of near Hutchison. She is survived by five sisters,Mrs. Laura Walker, of Carter county; Mrs. Frank Irvine, Mrs. AdaStewart, Mrs. Ella Honican, Clarkcounty, and Miss Bertha Gravitt, ofParis, and four brothers, HumphreyGravitt and George Gravitt, of Clarkcounty; Ossian and Grover Gravitt,of Bourbon county.The funeral will be held at thehome of Mr. Grover Gravitt, nearParis, at 2:00 o'clock this (Friday)afternoon, with services conductedby Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist' church. The interment will follow on the family lotin the Paris Cenetery.Today, Friday, Feb. 28ENID BENNETTIN"When Do We Eat?"PEARL WHITEIN"The Lightning Raider"Also a Keystone Comady'HeDid and He Didn't'r: and Hearst News.Saturday March 1stGeraldine FarrarIN"The Hell Cat"Smiling Bill ParsonsIN"Bill Camps OutAnd Current Events.ftAT THE PARIS GRAND NEXT WEEKThursday, Friday and SaturdayMarch 6th, 7th and 8th 'ArthurpS 'The Cupids Revue'DAN COLLINS, THE BLACKFACE KINGAnd a Classy Chorus of Pretty GfrlsEntire Change of Program Every NightEDWARD VAN LEEUWE ORCHESTRA; ne Show Starts 7:30Prices 25 and 50 Cents. 10 War Tax Added,LCT ! l"n I A4limm afBU ADMISSION.......... 22cIbbj vv b h lI m al B I Bh Eto Efc HH Why EZ v I Vla I I fBi BL I 1GALLERY iMATRIMONIAL..XMarriage licenses were issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Wm. Kenney Thomas and Miss Myra Jacoby,and Mr. Oney Martin and Miss IdaMay Gaunce, all of this county.TINDER YOUNG.Rev. and Mrs. Frank M. Tinder,of North Middletown announce theengagement of their daughter, MissMartha Hannon Tinder, to Mr. Robt.Graham Young, of North Middletown. The marriage will take placein the early spring.OBITUARIES MUST BE PAID FOR.HOWARD.The funeral-of Mr. Victor Howard, of Georgetown, a prominentbusiness man of that city, .who diedWednesday at the hopne of his sister,Mrs. George K. Redmon, near Paris,was held at 2:30 o'clock yesterdayafternoon, at the Redmon home. Theinterment followed in the Paris Cemetery, with the coirfmittal exercisesconducted by the Paris Masoniclodge.Mr. Howard had been a resident ofGeorgetown for twenty-five years,and was one of the leading membersof the Georgetown Masonic lodge. Hehad been ill for several weeks witha complication of diseases and latelywas brought to the home of his sister, Mrs. Redmon.Mr. Howard is survived by hiswife, formerly Itfiss Mattie B. Pugh,of Georgetown; one sister, Mrs. Geo.K. Redmon, of Paris; two nieces,Mrs. A. B. Barclay, of Georgetown,Mrs. James F. Lee, of Philadelphia,and two nephews, Horace Redmon, ofParis, and Emmett- Redmon, of Lex-,irigton.. o :4BIRTHS.ACOOK SANT.Mr. D. A. Santr of Cincinnati,who has charge of the constructionwork on the big sewer line extendingfrom South Paris to the foot ofMain street, has become a -Benedict,having taken recently a chargingbride in the person pf Miss Cook, ofWalnut Hills, Cincinnati. Pendingthe completion of the sewer contractMr. and Mrs. Sant will reside inParis, returning at the expriation ofthat time to Cincinnati to reside.In Lexington; to the wife of Mr.R. T. Anderson, a fine daughter.The mother was formerly Miss HazelCottingham, daughter of Mr. and"Mrs. A. W. Cottinghatai, of Paris.Near Clintonville, to the wife ofMr. Samuel W. Arnold, a daughter;first born. Mrs. Arnold was formerlyMiss,.Alline Kuster, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Charles Kuster, of nearParis. . .JACOBY THOMAS.The marriage of Mr. WilliamKenney Thomas and Miss Myra Jacoby, both of near Hutchison, thiscounty, occurred at eleven o'clockWednesday morning at the h'cne ofthe officiating minister, Rev. E. K.Pike, in Lexington. The attendantswere Misses Virginia Jacoby andWillie Squires, and Wm. and Houston Jacoby. . . vThe bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. George Jacoby, of near Hutchison, and is a very prepossessingyoung woman of decided p'ersonalcharms. The groqjm, is thejjson ofMrs. Nannie Thomas of Lexfngton.He has recently returned from thearmy service at Dallas, Texas,, wherehe was stationed in- the av.iationbranch of. the service. Mr. Thcfnashas received his final discharge papers and returned to civilian life.He is a graduate of KentuckyUniversity and Cornell University.On their return from their honeymoon trip Mr. and Mrs. Thomas willbe at home to their friends at "Kenmont," near Lexington.Publishers of county papers havehad to contend $mong other things,with the people wno want to havelong obituaries of their deceased,friends and relatives published freeof cost. The papers of Central Kentucky long ago adopted a charge forthis class of contributions. THENEWS reprints' from the CynthianaDemocrat what is about the qlearestpresentation on the subject, and asksall intending" contributors to be governed accordingly:"It seem to be necessary to stateagain that The Democrat, as well asall other well regulated newspapers,charge for publishing obituaries.Persons continue to send them inwith request for publication andseejm offended when they do not appear. It should be remembered thatthe charge is five cents a line, whichis one cent a word. Therefore,please count the. words and sendcheck' or ."cash with the request topublish, otherwise we shall be obliged to omit the obituaries. The Democrat "prints notices of deaths aspromptly as possible after the information reaches us and' usually fulldetails are given. . We, of course,niake no charge for this because itis a matter of news. Sympathy withbereaved ones is always felt by publishers, but it is not possible to publish obituaries and do justice to readers who are not directly interested."GASSED TWO DAYS AFTER SIGNIN 0E ARMISTICEIt was a hard war for the ThreeHundred and Fifteenth Infantry andJack Devereaux, a Broadway actorand a lieutenant in Company L. Hewent through at least a dozen battles without a scratch and the daytheP armistice was? signed he slappedhimself on the "back, congratulatinghimself as lucky.Deveraux came home on the transport Abangarez with 106 other passengers,, most of them soldier heroes,but instead of slamiincr himself onthe back he was kicking himself allover. Two days after the war endedhe was gassed.The soldiers in this regiment werestill cheering the defeat of the Germans, and Deveraux was walkingthrough the ruins ofBars, near Verdun, when he accidently tripped orera gas trap left by the enemy. Thesoldier-actor was overcome and forseveral weeks after was under treatment.NEW POULTRY HOUSELEON RENAKER & CO.Have Opened a New Poultry to theDaw Building, Opposite Hotel Windsorand will pay the highest cash prices forpoultry, eggs, hides and junk. Our truckwill make trips to the country -for largequantities of poultry and eggs.GRANT ROBINSON, ManagerCumberland Phone 361Home Phone 552i mtT', i 2ZJWIUIlllUlMUmiKMMMIHHHHMHMUnMMIMi?i -&--?1 !?.'iT-nffiThe Jj.-T. Hinton Co.,MVHiMHflHflHP9ElSBb.kt itUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRS.Main. -"" . --y 13 a v nhnn 36aodSixtli " rnYIR K7. Nlsrht : . . 56h Street . ..-.- -j m or, Home 286Motor equipment.'" . Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourW Limousine Invalid Coach. 'Hearse used for funeral purposes only.J' ..tllliiiMItH11HmiiCURTIS BEATY.The marriage of Mr. PearceBeatty and Miss Helen May Curtis,both of Paris, was solemnized Wednesday afternoon at the home of theofficiating clergyjman, Rev. W. E.Ellis. After the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Beatty left for a short honey-vmoon trip. On their return they willmake their home in Paris'.The groom, was for srfne time inthe employ of the Louisville & Nashville railroad. Upon being draftedinto the army service he was sentto the Vancouver Cantonment, atVancouver, Washington, with aspecial detail, of which several otherBourbon county hoys were members.He was in an army hospital for sometime recently, but upon the certificate of physicians, was given his finaldischarge papers, and returned toParis. He resumed his old positionwith the Louisville & Nashville.The bride is a very handsome andattractive young woman,; the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Curtis, ofParis, 'who-reside on Tenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Beatty have receivedbest wishes and congratulations froma wide circle of friends and acquaintances.STATE LIQUOR TAX SHOWS BIGINCREASE.An increase of $216,173.38 overthe previous quarter, is shown in thereport of the State Auditor on totaltaxes collected on liquor withdrawnfrom bond during the last quarter of1918.Dring September, October, November and December, 1918, as coveredin the last report of the State Auditor, $320,654.05 was the totalamount collected under 2 cent pereallon tax on "liquor withdrawnfrom bond, while the ndvalorem taxamounted to $145,522.32. the twotnxes making n total of $466,173.38.Th total of thf third "" Quarter ofin""? Tvas onlv $250,000.Thpse ftTnres werp takf-n fmm thernnojft ns Hv out hv P. P. STtrJr.Clprk in the State Auditing Department.service h Tveji 'established the tween.Paris an Tours,.NOWIS THE TIME!Buy Now!Shoe Prices AreStill AdvancingIn spite of this we have marked our entirestock down to prices that must sell quick andmake, an absoluteCLEAN SWEEPof all Fall and Winter Shoes. Grasp this opportunity now; buy for future as well aspresent needs!Ladies' Black English orCuban Heel -"Boots, Aft ft ft$4.00 values, V) ltLadies' Mahogany English,leather tops,$6.00 values,atLadies' Dark Grey Boots,with Louis Heel Ar ftrS:00.. "!"?'. $5.9r4.50SPECIALBARGAINSLadies' Grey Boots, Louisheel, with cloth tops$5.00 0 jr $5.00value OmiD valueLadies' assorted discontinued lines, 15 and $6 val.$1.95Men's G. M. English 4a rW.-O. and other fa- C- lhmouB makes, $4.50 val.lpUiU-Men's Dark Tan Eng- 1 r ftlish, $6.00 values ( KitMen's Gun Metal Jm 1ftLace, E. & J. makes, C1 W14.00 values at tpLitUBoys' Gun Metal ill -iftLace, $2.50 values, Jj UDon't Miss This Money - Savingf Sale Now Going On.Opportune1DANGOH ENsiParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReigniA1-. . ' vv. V'IN n t- .j?ar.'ii'rvW " JtfVa.,(-S, .5 7- v-V". ?" ?rv,tr"s sr '-yx--iV-,"-"h teSti '