s ,J.1 4 --- - " - ' Sv""C-&. - V-"Vii t& --"9' -r'-J-.- tf -THE-r SX"T "NEWS"'7-.-;!" ""PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR..EvVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1919---"''BOURBON-J-4xB0UBB0N POST AMERICAN LEGION ORGANIZED.With an attendance of aboutfifty out of 650 ex-service men ofBourbon county, a nost of the American Legion was organized in Paris, jSaturday night, under the name ofBourbon Post of the American Legion. The meeting was held at thecourt house, and was called to orderby Mr. William Collins, of NorthIVliddletown, who briefly stated theobject of the jmeeling. Mr. Collinsthen introduced Mr. Victor Bngle"hardt, of Louisville, who made a" patriotic address, telling of what theAmerican army did in Europe, andexplained what the American Legion stood for.The following officers were elected: Commander, Dr. J. A. Orr; viceoaminander, Sherley Dalzell; adjutant, William Collins; financial secretary, Stanley Dickson; historian,Jos. Letcher; master-at-arms, RayOgden. The following were chosento constitute the Executive Committee: Catesby Spears, chairman;Ernest Darnaby, James H. Lall,Prank Roche and Finnell Galloway.William Collins and Hiram Roseberry were selected as delegates fromthe Bourbon Post to represent theorganization at the State meeting tobe held in Louisville. The Post contemplates holding a banquet at theY. M. C. A. in the near future.Judge James P. Gregory, of Louisville, who was to have been the principal speaker of the evening, was unable to come, and Mr. Englehardtwas substituted. The charter for thePost was signed by all the ex-ser--vicemen at the meeting.K)NO CAUSE FOR ALARMAbout clathing prices. We haveplenty of good suits and overcoatsat $40.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TOBACCO NEARLY IN.According to a well-posted Bourbon county tobacco grower, betweenninety and ninety-five per cent, ofthe tobacco in the county 'has beencut, and the work will be finishedwithin the next few days. Theearly tobacco is generally of a goodquality, but the droith has damagedthe late crop. Some of the latecrop, however, is showing up well.Although there is a material increase in the tobacco acreage thisseason, there will be a decrease overlast year in the yield, said our informant. i?FRANK & GO.LADIES OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGisOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANK &' CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileCOUNTY ROAD COMMISSIONERSORDER WORK BEGUN.John T. Collins, Catesby Spears,Sapi Clay and Sam Houston, countyroad commissioners, held a meeting,pursuant to a call from the BourbonFiscal .Court, and ordered work onthe county roadsJto be started atonce.The Court gave the commissionersfull authority to order ditching begun on the turnpikes, and keepingthree rock crushing plants at workas long as the weather will permit.One of the crushers is to be used inrebuilding the Hutchison and Bethlehem pike, another is at work onthe Millersburg and Cynthiana pike,and the third is located near EastParis, which will supply the rock forall roads out of Paris for a distanceof five miles. "The commissioners were appointed by the Fiscal Court as an advisory board in the ten-year prograjm of re-building the entire 340miles of macadam roads in the county, including necessary bridge repairs. This will entail an expediture of $1,800,000. The commissioners will have control of disbursements of the funds.ELECTION TOR SCHOOLTEES SATURDAY.TRUS-An election for the purpose of selecting trustees- for the school distrcits of Burris, Bethlehem, CenterHill, Clay's Cross Roads, Deaver, Escondida, Houston, Hutchison, Kiserton, Letton, Spears Mill, Stony Pointand Tarr schools will be held nextSaturday, October 4.The election will be held; in theafternoon, between the hours of oneand five. White women over twenty-oneyears of age, and who canread and write, are eligible to votein this election, as well as the qualified male voters. -SOLDIER BOYS ENTERTAINEDThe ex-service men of North Middletown and vicinity were tenderedan enjoyable "banquet last night inthe school building by the ladies ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch. Appropriate addresses weremade by Rev. Cauble, Rev. F. M.Tinder and several of the returnedsoldiers and sailors. The banquetwas served in the usual royal stylein which the ladies of the church,have learned to excel. The buildingwas comfortably filled with the families of the ex-service men, who hadbeen specially invited. A (musicalprogram was rendered-4la '-Delivery-BOURBON DEMOCRATS EiTECTORGANIZATION EOR-CAMPAIGNAt a meeting of the-Democrats ofthe county, held in the court housein this city," plans for carrying onthe campaign for the State electionin November -and rolling up an oldtime majority for the Democraticcandidates, were perfected. Thejmeeting was presided over by Sheriff Will G. McClintock, County ClerkPearce Paton acting as secretary.Chairman McClintock briefly statedthe object of the meeting, afterwhich speeches were made by JudgeDenis Dundon, John J. Williams, Jas.M. O'Brien and James H. Thompson.Precinct captains were named foreach precinct in the county, each onebeing given authority to name acommittee of five workers. Four bureau speakers were appointed, JudgeDenis Dundon, E. M. Dickson, JudgeGeorge Batterton and John J. Williams. During the cajmpaign speakers ofState and .National reputation willmake a number of speeches throughthe county, in the interest of theState ticket. During the last tendays of the campaign local speakerswill address the voters at differentpoints in the county. A poll of thecounty is now being taken by thecampaign workers.AMERICAN LEGION MEET IN LOUISVILLE, FRIDAY.Call for the first annual State convention of the American Legion,Kentucky branch, in Louisville, October 3 and 4, has been issued byState Commander Henry DeHavenMoorman. George R. Ewald, Louisville, is chairman of the ConventionCommittee and has the details incharge.The following matters will be considered and disposed of by the convention: Approval of the incorporation of the Ajmerican Legion by Con-jgress, as. per bills pending; ratification or amendment of Kentucky'stemporary constitution; election ofdelegates and alternates to the National convetion to be held in Minneapolis, on Nevember 10, 11 and 12,1919; election of two members of theNational Executive Committee; election of a. State Executive Committeeof thirteen mepnbers, one from eachConstitutional district and two fromthe State at large; election of Stateofficers; making of hy-laws and providing other permanent regulationsand policies.: oEVERY DAY AN OPENING.It's "opening day" very day at ourstore, where millinery for ladies ofexacting taste is-made and displayed.There are styles and styles, and pilesof styles. Many already in and morecoming. An inspection cordially invited. For the newest, the latest,the best seeMRS.' CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)oPOPULAR MAN TO MOVE TOGEORGETOWNMr. J. W. James, familiarly knownas "Billy" James, who has been connected with the Paris Gas & ElectricCo. for several years, has severedhis connection with that corporation.Mr. James has accepted a position aselectrician with the GeorgtownElectric Light, Gas & Power Co.,and,' with his family, will move toGeorgetown about October 1, to assume his new duties.During his residence here Mr.James made a host of warm friends,who will regret his departure fromParis. He is an expert electrician,and in that capacity rendered excellent service to theParis companyand its patrons. He capne here fromGeorgetown, where he had been inthe employ of the Georgetown concern, to whose service he again returns. THE NEWS wishes him continued prosperity in his new position. . oBARBER'S QUICK ACTION SAVESCHILD EROM INJURYThrough the quick action and goodjudgment of Lucien Johnson, colored, barber and trainer of thoroughbreds, the three-year-old daughter ofMr. W. B. Cooper, of the county wassaved from injury and probabledeath.Mr. Cooner left the little girl in4-his auto while he stepped across thestreet on a business errand. He failed to apply the brake on the machine, and also left the engine running. The machine gave a suddenlnrp.li and started across the street,headed for the barber shop whereJohnson was employed. Seeing thechild's danger Johnson ran to therescue and clijmbing on the runningboard, snatched the tot from the machine just as it crashed into the bigpole in front of the shop.ALLEGED BURGLAR HELD OVER.William Reynolds, the cripple, whowas arrested by the Covington policeon a charge of being implicated inthe recent robbery of the Mitchell &Blakemore store, in this city, had ahearing before County Judge GeorgeBatterton, Friday.Notwithstanding the fact thatReynolds had previously jmade a confession in which he detailed atlength his connection with the burglary, he entered a plea of notpnintv and waived examining trial.Judge Batterton placed his bond at51.000 to insure his appearance before the grand jury at the Novemberterm of the Bourbon Circuit Courj;.Failing to furnish this Reynolds wastaken back to the county jail toawait-trial in November.METEER FARM SELLS FOR TOTALOF $81,000.Another big real estate deal wasconsummated yesterday afternoon,when the 195-acre farm belongingto Mr. Robert Meteer, located on theParis and Lexington pike, near Muir,was sold in four tracts, for a totalof about ? 81,0 00, an average of?415 an acre. The sale was conducted by Bond & Buckley, the Versailles real estate men.Tract Nov 1, containing 69 97-100acres, fronting on the Lexington andParis pike, was sold to Mr. LutherRice, for ?46o.50 an acre. Thistract has forty-three acres in bluegrass, twelve acres in tobacco andfifteen acres in corn, the improvements consisting of a 20-acre tobacco barn and a circular stock barnwith thirty-two stalls. Tract No. 2,comprising 37 87-100 acres, withoutimprovements, was purchased by Mr.Wm. Smith, of Fayette county.Tract No. 3, comprising thirty-fiveacres, with twelve acres in bluegrass and the remainder in cultivation, and having improvements inthe shape of a forty-room abbatoir,office, building and stable, was sold toMr. Omar B. Lloyd, of Fayette county, for $395 an acre. Tract No. 4,containing 52 25-100 acres, was soldto Mr. Luther Rice for $361.50 anacre. This tract has on it splendidimprovements consisting of a fourroqm dwelling and part of a largecircular stock barn.Two years ago Mr. Meteer boughtthis body of land for a total of $51,-730.91. This sale at a total of $81,-000 givee him a handsome profit of$30,000, besides having had the useof the land for two years.SLIGHT AUTO ACCIDENT.So far as we have been able tolearn Sunday passed in this sectionwithout an automobile accident having to be recorded. But on Saturdayafternoon there was a slight collission at the corner of Main andBroadway that might have resultedseriously, but for the providential interference of an emergency brakewell applied.A big machine, said to have beendriven by a Lexington woman,crashed Into a Bourbon county owned machine near the Paris WaterCo.'s office. The big machine wascoming down Main street at a fairlygood burj of speed, when the othermachine ttUrned the corner at thesapne time. 3Jhe occupants saw theimpending danger and the brakeswere applied, but loo late to avert acomplete niiss. The bumper of theParis machine was torn off, and thefender of the Lexington -machinedamaged. The occupants of both machines escaped injury, but were considerably frightened. The streetswere crowded with vehicles at thetime, and it is a miracle that the accident did not have serious consequences. oTO SEE WORLD SERIES GAMES ATCINCINNATI.The World series of championshipball games between the ChicagoWhite Sox and the Cincinnati Redswill open at the Cincinnati ballpark to-morrow, in the presence ofwhat will probably be . the largestcrowd ever gathered on the Redlandfield. The following from Paris willleave to-day or to-morrow morningto witness the opening game:Coroner Rudolph Davis, Mayor E.B. January, Dr. and Mrs. E. M. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Hinton,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon, Wm.Shire, Barnett Winters, James M.Caldwell, J. O. Marshall, Chas. W.Fithian, W. V. Shaw, D. C. Parrish,Lafe Ardery, Wm. B. Ardery, JamesM. O'Brien, Wm. H. Webb, PearcePaton, James B. Dempsey, Mr. andMrs. Harry Brent Fithian, John F.Davis, M. C. Browning, Harry Jones,Ed. Burke, W. R. Hukill, BucknerWoodford, John WoodfoTu, -FrankRemington.THE WAY OF THE TRANSGRESSOR! James Johnson, hailing from theairy precincts of London, Ky., wherethe very air is redolent of freedomand moonshine, came Paris, Friday, cm a sight-seeing expedition.Johnson, however,- was in a peaceable community, and forgot to leavehis heavy artillery at home. He wastaken in custody by Patrolman Geo.W. Judy on a charge of carrying concealed a deadly weapon. He wastaken before County Judge GeorgeBatterton, who gave hi,m a hne or$50 and a jail sentence of ten days.RED CROSS CONFERENCE WILLBE HELD AT LOUISVILLE,WEDNESDAY.sAn all-day conference of countyrepresentatives of the home serviceof the American Red Cross for Kentucky will be held Wednesday at RedCross headquarters, in Louisville.There are twenty district chairmenin the State, each with five representatives, and these, together withworkeis of Louisville, Red CrossnhnntPr and a number of membersfrom the Lake Division staff, will review the conditions ana neeas ioicommunity work througnou iueState.LEXINGTONTROTS, SEPT.OCT. 11.29-The Castleton, one of the stellarevents of the year for trotters, willbe raced at Lexington, October 7.' (Sept. 30-Oct. 3)EX-SERVICE MEN DELIVER INTERESTING ADDRESSESMr. R. C. Watson, who spent oneand one-half years in the serviceoverseas, addressed a large and appreciative audience at the Y. M. C.A. gymnasium, in this city, at threeo'clock Sunday afternoon. Mr. Watson took for his theme, "What OurSoldiers Did In France After theArmistice; Calling Things By TheirRight Name." His address was ahighly interesting one and commanded the undivided attention of his audience. Mr. Watson was located at thegreat port of Liverpool. The Ythere occupied a four-story buildingformerly used for a hardware store.In addition to furnishing a programof entertainment every jiight, the Yacted as banker for the soldiers andsailors, exchanging their money, sending money home, furnishing writingmaterial, beds, athletic equipmentand serving meals from 5 a. jm. to 12p. m. Fifteen thousand meals wereserved daily.In reply to criticisms of the Ywork overseas, Mr. Watson called attention to the fact that at times theArmy was unable to get food up for24 to 48 hours to the soldiers in theadvance positions. He also called attention to the difficulty the army hadin getting mail to the soldiers. It isstated that at one time 200 carloadsof soldiers' mail had accupiulated inthe camp postoffices in France.Mr. Watson lamented the fact thatJa few of the Y secretaries overseashad failed to measure up to the opportunities for serving the boys, butstated that in "no instance were thesemen regular Y. "M. C. A. secretaries,&ut men recruited for the specialwork.At the Christian Church, Sundaynight, E. P. Bradstreet, Jr.,-of Cincinnati, addressed a crowded houseon the subject of "The Miracle ofthe Great World .War." Mr. Brad-street is an ex-service man and a for-men newspaper man. He was introduced to the audience by Rev. J.Taylor Sharrard. His address was abrilliant one from every standpoint,impressing his hearers with a senseof his earnestness and knbwledge ofconditions In Europe after the war.The choir of the church rendered anappropriate musical program, andMr. A. L. Boatright sang a solo.Mr. Bradstreet wa a gueat of Mr.Finnell Galloway during his stay inParis. He returned - ,to . Cincinnatiyesterday to resujmftiis- pre-war duties as Publicity Director of the Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce.rff rNEW MTUINERY GOODS.The fall season is close at handwhen the newest creations' in feminine headwear is the "almost all-absorbing" topic. We have new andtasty designs in millinery thenewest and freshest arriving everyday. Call and see them.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.WE KNOW MOWClothes Are the Index ofCharacterThey reflect the personality of thewearer, and should be chosen with thecare that one gives to the choice offriends.OurSmart Clothesreflect the good taste, goodjudgment and high ideals oftheir wearers, and give thema big handicap over thosewho underestimate the importance of good personalappearance in business aswell as social life. The difference in price between a suitof our clothes and inferiorclothes will be amply justifiedlong before the suit is wornout.Z. JMPrices Range From$25 to $60MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsREAL ESTATE TEAJSACTKflMrs. J. C. Bryant, of Paris, artSaturday, through the real ottagency of Hutchings & Weetf&ll. athouse and lot, located on CollMak.Hill, in Carlisle, to G. C. Xyeri, ata price not made public.At the sale Saturday of the JCe-Loney, Anynerman & Tucker lrm ofS65 acres, lacated near StamfiayGround, in Scott county, Mr. W TVMcKinney, of Paris, purchased tractNo. 2, containing 117 acre, for$135.50 an acre.Through the Paris Relty Co"Mrs. George W. Stuart sold, to Mrs.A. E. Dunnington, the brick gxvxgfrbuilding, on Tenth street, for a- price""not given out for nubllcatioa.Through the same company; Mr. JKward Stump sold .to Mrs. MattiePurnell, his two-story home, oi Hea.-derson street, for a private, pric.Mr. Stump afterward purchased, ofMr. George Broderick, a cottage onVine street for $1,600.CORONER -n-nT.DS INQEST nrJHOWEBB CASE,The Coroner's investigation of thecircumstances attending the death la,this city last Tuesday of John HWebb, an employe of the Cumber-land Telephone Co., who was eleclrircuted while handling a live wire oaa pole at the corner of Main and Second street, was held Saturday.Coroner Rudolph Davis summoaeda jury and conducted the inquest atthe court house. The jury, composed of Roy Batterton, foreman, E. W.Woodward, C. C. Hadden, Chaa. VHiggins, John Chisholm and JamesS. Ginn, heard the evidence, butpiade no recommendations in theirverdict, which was to the effectthat the unfortunate man came to his.death from contact with ahigh poir- ,er electric current.This is the second sudden deathfrom the same cause in Paris withina year, the other being that of MraHenry C. Curtis, who was instantlykilled by coming in contact with alive wire on a pole on Third street.osiraWOLLSTEETS SUITS ANDHATS ATTRACTIVE'PRICES WORTHWHILE.We are offering some attractiveprices on all summer suits, "hats, etc.Men who know are taking advantageof these values. Better not "wait toolong. "L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street,(17-4t)BLAKEMOREiNettleton Shots "Dr. Rotd's Cushfen So lms-r- ? ' .TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 11,"HGETWOTHE -BOUKBOH NEWSf PARIS, .KENTUCKYLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecoats only a few cents.""With, your fingers! You can lift off.ny hard corn, soft corn, or corn be--tjreenthe toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a few-drops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortly.you lift that bothersome corn or--callus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!JNo humbug!(T-tf )v oBECOMES NEW LEADER.Miss Gertrude M. McCheyne, wholias done Extension work in Utahand in Indiana for the past ten years,has accepted the position of StateLeader of Home DemonstrationAgents. She reported for duty atthe College of Agriculture at Lexington, on the 17th of September.Miss McCheyne graduated from the3olIege of Agriculture at Manhattan,Kansas.' The girl who coplained when shekissed Gen. Pershing that his lipswere salty, got what she needed as.she was too fresh.An Ordinance3ITY HALL, PARIS, KY..September 25, 1919.providing for resurfacingmain street, betweenr SIXTH iAND SEVENTH STREETS. JK 2ECE CITY OF PARIS, KY.BE IT ORDAINED, by the Mayor-:and Board of Council of the City ofPriSy,thftt,WHEREAS,, L. Y. Johnson on the17th day of July, 1914, entered intoa contract with the City of Paris by- -which he undertook and bound him.self to resurface with bitulithic paving Main Street from Tenth to BankRow, and to jmaintain the same for a.period of five years from the completion and acceptance of same free ofall defects occurring therein by reason of defective workman-ship andmaterial, and,WHERAS, within said period offive years from the completion andacceptance of said street many delects appeared in that portion of saidstreet -lying between Sixth and Seventh Streets in the City of Paris,and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnson. and his surety, The Aetna Accidentand Liability Company were notifiedin writing within said period of five.years of such defects, and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnson-and his surety. The Aetna Accident& Liability Company have failed andxefused to put said street in proper-repair because of such defective- workmanship and jmaterial, and,WHEREAS, it has become necessa-- ry to resurface said portion of said- street;NOW, THEREFORE BE IT ORDAINED, that said street be resurJaced with bitulithic of the sameUrind and character of material withwhich said L. W. Johnson undertook and bound himself to resurfacesaid street.(2) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED,"that the City Engineer be and he ishereby instructed to prepare plansand specifications for said work and"file a copy of same in the office of the"Clerk of the Board of Council.(3) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED,hat said work be let to the lowest-&nd best bidder and the Clerk is directed to advertise for bids for twoconsecutive weeks in the official publications of the City of Paris.(4) The Mayor is directed to receive bids for said work in openCouncil at eight o'clock j. m., on"Thursday, October 9, 1919.(5) Each bidder shil be required-to make his bid updlf blanks to befurnished by the City Engineer andshall accompany his bid with a certified check for a sum equal to 5 ofthe total amount of his bid. Thechecks of the unsuccessful bidderswill be returned immediately afterthe letting and the check of the suc-- -cessful bidder shall be retained until.such, bidder has entered into a written contract for the faithful performance of his contract, according to theplans and specifications and execut-. sujt "d a bond with good and approvedsecurity guaranteeing such perform--ance,at which time his check will bereturned. Upon his failure to execute such contract and bond the sumso deposited shall be retained by theiiy as liquidated damages. All such-checks shall be made payable to theorder of W. W. Mitchell, City Treasurer. This ordinance shall take effectfrom and after its passage and pubw Uation as required by law.EB. JANUARY,.Mayor.'A$t:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk..ept30-4t) , .-7 -PROCEEDINGS OF PARIS CITYCOUNCIL.The Paris City Council met in sregular semi-monthly session, Thursday night, in City Hall, and disposedof a number of matters which hadbeen brought to the attention of thecouncilmen.Mr J. A. Stewart, a civil engineer,who had been instructed to inspectthe condition of the newly built sanitary sewer in the valley east of theL. & N. R. R., from Stoner Avenueto the Clintonville pike, made his report during the session.He said that he found that thepipe joints admitted an excessiveflow of surface water, which condition would have to be remedied tomake the sewerage satisfactory. Healso reported that at certain pointsthe elevation was not sufficient tocarry away the refuse and might result in a very unsanitary condition.It was also stated' by the engineerthat the trenches should be leveledand surplus material be removed.The Councilmen acted upon his report and instructed the City Attorneyto notify Mr. D. A. Sant, of Louisville, and his bondsman, that the conditions mentioned in the report mustbe remedied. The City Clerk reported that there was due Mr. Sant asum of $2,506.07, which -the Councildecided to hold until the repairs hadbeen made.An ordinance was passed authorizing bids for the repair of Main Streetfrom Tenth Street to Bank Row, tobe done of bituminous material, similar to the material used when thestreets were constructed.A resolution was offered that certain streets in White Addition, theproperty of the city, be closed andsold, the proceeds of the sale to beturned over to the city treasury. Themotion was referred to the Improvement Committee, with instructionsto report at the next meeting of thecouncil.CHARLEY GANO COMING WITHCOBURN MINSTRELS.The coming of this clever comedian and master funster, togetherwith the corps of fun-folk singers,dancers and headliner acts, withwhich he is always surrounded .inJ. A. Coburn's Minstrels, is announced for Monday, October 6, at theParis Grand Opera House. The temperapnent aloofness and ridiculous reserve affected by some performers isabsolutely foreign- to Gano, who isquite cordial and radiates friendliness on and off the stage. In his position of Stage Manager with absolute authority and congeniality isemphasized, he is popular with themen under him. "Do you have muchtrouble with your men on the road,"was asked of Manager Coburn. "No,I'm too busy, and Gano is their pal,"was the reply. Harmony the policy,effectiveness and success the result.Everything new, everything betterevery season is the effort of thesewell-known minstrels. This year'sshow is said to be the best in its history and the scenic opening number"Farewell Apnerica," the last wordin ensembles.DON'T DELAY.Some Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is tijtne begin treating yourkidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pills arensed and recommended throughoutthe civilized world. Endorsed athome. Read Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Company, and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, reliable remedy. Whenever jmy kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o"I SPENT A $1 ON RAT-SNAP ANDSAVED THE PRICE OF A HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with rats 'to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid of rats. Spent $1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)MT. STERLING BOY STUIOJED BYUVE WIRE.George Catlett Everett, eierht-vear-old son of Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Everette, of Mt. Sterling, was seriouslyinjured Friday when stunned hv nlive wire on a telephone about fifteen feet from the ground. .The boy fell from the nole andstruck an iron pin, cutting a deepgash in his side. He is badlv hrnis-ed and has a dislocated shoulder as aresult of the fall.PHEMIER HACE AT LEXINGTONTROTS.The Ashland will be raced m twodivisions at Lexington, Oct. 8.(Sept. 30-Oct. 3.)o .Sunshine and air we get for nothing, and yet we can't afford to swapthem for Henry Ford's fortune."IT MUST HATE BJSEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUTDIDN'T SMEI.""Saw a big rat in our cellar lastFall," writes Mrs. Joanny, "andbought a 25c cake of RAT-SNAP,broke it up into small pieces. Lastweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat. Must Tiave been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three sizes 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)-. oViolin "Camouflage.'The word "fecit" is of Latin origin,and means made, or manufactured. Itwas In general use by the Cremonaviolin makers ; and has been copied bymodern makers, chiefly for deception.The modern Imitators of old violins retained the old form of affixing the date.DESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried thepi do so atonce.(adv-sept)Counted 93,000 Ants.An nnt hill two feet in height contains about 93,000 ants, according tothe observations and counting, extending over two years, carried out bya. well-known naturalist.There is (more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by T.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills- for constipation. V(adv-sept)WantedFord Roadster. Address,H. C. McKIM,(26-tf) Care Y. M. C. A.NOTICEThe W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital is open now as always for thereception of patients.(23-3t) M. BOEHM, Supt.Tires For SaleOne set of Ford tires, and innertubes, cheap for cash. Can be seenat this office, " ,WantecfMan with good horse and coveredwagon, to sell and deliver bakeryproducts. Good money to the rightman. Apply at corner of Tenth andPleasant streets. (23-3t)Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage..iawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BEDDLE.The Rawleieh Man.(8augr-tf)Complete formulas and instructions for makiner at hnmp rvo i,-c,-w -, - J ITitiSJ-iy, reai Deer and choicest wines, including jmaking and operating homestill. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; postoffice rules formulas may lawfully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof $1 check, mone order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales ofliquor formulas.BALTIMORE FORMULA COMPANYWHISKY, WINE, BEER(29-tf) ' dairimoreM.For SaleUpright Piano in good conditionA bargain if sold at once. Address, 'H. C. McKIM,(26-tf) Care-Y. M. C. ASteinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y. M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos, 26-tf)HMMMMMhUMrtMMMiMUHUbi ICensus Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equitv Building, Washington.(23-tf)THE BUICK Model K-Six-47 body is of new design, lowin appearance but with ample head room. Top, windowcasings and sashes are fiilly covered with metal, givingperfect uniformity in finish and durability. All doors arcproperly hinged and fitted with double latches. The frontseat extends across the body and there is a new-design,tilting steering wheel. The low scats give riding comfort.The interior is finished in handsome fabric, without bindings, withdeep upholstery. Cold weather snugness or summer driving comfortare equally available by adjusting the three-piece windshield andwindows.The fonneau carpet matches the upholstery. The standard Buick instrument board furnishes every driving convenience and a dome lightin the ceiling: illuminates the interior. The cowl carries two handsome side lamps.$When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S, BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,PATE BANtffiTSfioij.JiiaiiMyi - iinMa - . -l4JHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseifcWffffM.BilgfES3gifS-?-5gg?5f1g;;Siig;:;$90,000STAKESANDPURSESBuick Touring SedanarH ,-H- - ibbThe Buick Model K-Sii-4?.--yrf..AaowpTHE UNIVERSAL CAR8The Ford Sedan is the favorite family car".seats five comfortably. While an enclosed car Iwith permanent top, it has large windows, andmay in a minutebe changed to a most delight-!ful ( open car with always a top protecting1against the sun. In inclement weather" it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof, cold-proof.Finely upholstered. Equipped with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3-inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?ihe delights of thecar with the economyFord.Ruggles Motor116 Bank Row, Paris,1vttS&MdCSrltfraJ - v - J,fHt4IlBCoal CoalCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257sg:'3T"J!i"'4ii!aii!TSept. 29TOOct. 101920Model K-47Ht-'-J-ielectricof theCo,Ky.rm1 r.'2Nt-LT-AiAToIMTHURSDAY. OCT.1919Farm Saleins10:30 A.M.HF9 Xv4BBBBkBBBBBBBBBbv 'a!M v-i?VJi IResidence On Duncan Avenue,Paris, Ky.ResidenceTo Be Sold At2:30 P. MHaving engaged in other business, and desiring to retire from farming, I will positively sell -to the highest and best bidders, on the above date, my farm, containing 170 acres of excellent land, and my two-story brick residence on Duncan A venue, in Paris. Both s ales will be conducted on their respective premises on theabove date. FARM SALE COMMENCES AT 10:30 A. M. CITY RESIDENCE SOLD AT 2:30 P. M.This Excellent Farmcontaining 170 acres of splendid land, is located 3 miles southeast of Paris, onthe CHntoiiville pike, and has thereon a three-room frame cottage; a practicallynew combined stock and tobacco barn with a capacity of 10 acres of tobacco.This barn is one of the best structures in the Blue Grass region, the basementbeing sufficiently large to feed 200 head f catUe, the barn being erected especially for that purpose, and stands on a native stone foundation. Attached theretois a concrete silo with a capacity of 280 tons. There is in this barn a never-failingwell that will water 200 head of stock in the dryest weather. Another nearlynew tobacco barn on this farm has a capacity of 12 acres-of tobacco.This is one of the most desirable small farms in the county, has a never-fail- ,ing supply of water for man and beast from pools and cisterns, and is under goodfence. The locality is an ideal one, being surrounded by excellent neighbors,close to Paris and on a good macadam road. Gerdra Station, on the L. & N.,islocated in the rear of the place.This is certainly a fine body of land and now has under cultivation 30 acresof corn, 12 acres of sorghum, 20 acres in rye, 40 acres of clover and the remainder in old bluegrass sod, every acre of which is fine tobacco land.This farm must be seen to be appreciated, and prospective buyers should notoverlook this opportunity to secure this very desirable close-in suburban home,near the best town in the South.The Stately Residenceis located on Duncan Avenue, in Paris, and is one of the best built two-story brickhouses in this city. The house was erected by the late Mr. Jerry Duncan as ahome for his daughter, Mrs. J. K. Ford, and everything entering into the construction of this structure was built only of the best and most dependable materials. Only recently this house has been newly papered, painted and put in excellent condition. There are 10 large rooms, two halls, well appointed bath roomtiled. All floors in the house laid with quartered oak. New and up-to-date brasselectric fixtures with the inverted light effect throughout. , Has good dry cellarwith concrete floor, hot air furnace and the reliable Pittsburg instantaneousheater in the cellar always assures an unlimited supply of hot water throughoutthe house at all hours. Every room is equipped with gas grates.The lot has a frontage of 100 feet on Duncan Avenue, the very best resPdence street in Paris, and has a depth of 237 feet. There is a garage and stableon the premises, be sides the large garden and spacious front, side and backyards.This is certainly an up-to-the-minute modern home, located as it is in thevery best neighborhood in Paris, and prospective purchasers should call and inspect this excellent property before the day of sale.TERMS Usual terms will be allowed on land and residence, details of which will be announced at each sale. For further particulars apply to'iSf . .CS &C&& A"I. D. THOMPSONOR.Rl9kitL. D. HARRIS, Manager,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.S u.S"Inim'w .s' n.C-- IV1 1GE toutTHE BOU1BOH MEWS, PUIS, tWTTUCntiTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER , $0, . llf.9.?..?mi-JS"THE JTHAIL OF THE LOMESOMEPINE.Those wlio have read John Pox,- Jr.'s widely jead book, "The Trailof the Lonesome Pine," and had theirxainds flooded with, sunshine as theyfollowed June along the lonely trailto the rugged, gaunt, lonesome pinethat guarded Lonesome Cove, will helost in happy bewilderment as theyatrike the same trail hewn by Eugene Walter in this splendid production. , While John Fox, Jr., let us tracethe life of June in the written page,Eugene "Walter leads us, as it were,gently by the hand, and we followJane Ware, who impersonates thewild mountain girl with deep sympathy nd with a most delightfulplanner, above, beyond, the purpletops of the Cumberland Mountains,tnto the realms of romantic love.JThe management have struck a joyo.us keynote of coloring in the beau.tiful scenic embellishment they havelent their production, for not onlyiioes painter and author charminglyinterweave their conception of sceneand action, but they have given onthe stage a truer interpretation ofthe primitiveness of the denizen of-the Virginia Hills, than one couldTossibly believe from the printedpages of Mr. Fox's delightful narrative. t -!&he Ware, barefooted in the character of June, garbed in the ragged" homespun dress of a rough mountaineer's daughter, foreshadows fromthe first the greatest of the miracles-of childhood, the dawn of love andtrue womanhood, but the shadow ofjealousy is thrown across the trail,jWhen Dave, who hopes to marry hiscousin June, watches in sheer desperation the awakening of her lovefor Jack Hale. "The Trail of TheLonesome Pine" will appear at theGrand Opera House to-night.Y. M.,C. A.WTES.Interest continues to increase atthe Y. M. C. A. and new activitiesxe developing as new"" memberscome in. Ping Pong, a game thatwas popular in the Army Y M. C.A. hus has been started among thehoys.Mr. Harrison has received a nujm"ber of copies of the new Y. M. C. A.Athletic Handbook, which contains alarge number of games suitable forschool use. These books are to beloaned and any teacher may secureone T)y calling at the Y. M. C. A.fcuilding. In addition Mr. Sheffieldor Mr. Harrison will be glad to go toany of the schools in the county anddemonstrate games.The Y. M. C. A. endeavors to cooperate with the City School in theplan for the study period from 7 to9:30 p. m., and requests parents tonot allow their boys to come to theY. M. C. A. building at night unless they have their lessons preparedfor the following day. No boys under Junior High School grades areallowed at the building after 5:30p. m.Mr. Sheffield, Boys' Work Secretary and Physical Director, will attend the opening exercises at theFrankfort Y. M. C. A. on Tuesday.Mr. Sheffield and Mr. M. W. Sheffield,his brother. Secretary of the Frankfort Y, will put on a tumbling nutoher in the opening program.oGROCERY BARGAINS FOR THISWEEK HEAD 'EM OVER.Potatoes 60 cents the peck, sweetpotatoes 4 pounds for 25 cents, andmany other bargains for cash thisweek. All new stock of canned goodsjust received. Better buy now, asthey are going up. Fresh fruits andall kinds of vegetables at bargainprices.MRS. ELLIS'Cash Rrocery, Red Front. Opp. CourtHouse.30-2t)i More Time For Rest:31 RecreationI With a "GARLAND" Three-Fuel Range. aim-H"M',:: WBM WIB -IT -VJf111 'IflH ill' pxVjo;tu Jjjjjjj work?5 See It Demonstratedg Burns Coal, Wood or GasIn the Same Oven.Uses he fuel best suited to the season. A cool,"restful kitchen in summer, a warm, comfortablekitchen in winter. A special demonstration all thisweek. Come in and see how this "Garland" willsave time for you in your own kitchen.A, F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, Manager jU wrntr mra aim mainStoisiVOCAL MAN APPOINTED SUPERVISOR OP BIG WORKS.Acting for the Kentucky Conference Epworth League, Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, President, recently acceptedfrom the Centenary Bureau of Specials at Nashville, Tennessee, the responsibility of erecting a Work Shopand Equipment in Africa at a cost of$5,000 and assisting in building anIndustrial Plant at Paine College, atAugusta, Georgia, to the extent of$2,500.The Epworth League organizationof the Kentucky Conference was as-'signed the sum of ?7,500 as its partin the Centenary Campaign. At itslast session in Winchester the Conference accepted the allotment and$2,500 in addition and directed thatthis sum be applied to MissionarySpecials: $5,000 for the home fieldand $5,000 for foreign work inAfrica.The Conference in its recent assembly passed the following resolution: "Whereas, The Kentucky Conference Epworth League has been apportioned the sum of $1,500 per yearor $7,500 for the five years, for the'Centenary, we therefore resolve,"First, That we assume some Special toward which to direct our pledge,such as the building of a hospital, tobe known as 'The Kentucky Epworthian Hospital.' "In case the hospital could not besecured, the Conference voted thatsome other building special be as-nsumed and authorized Mr. Snapp toaccept same as Conference President.With the acceptance of the above theLeagues of Kentucky will expend.$10,000 in Missionary Work in thenext five years as follows:Work Shop and Equipment in Africa $5,000.Assisting in erecting an IndustrialBuilding at Paine College, Augusta,Georgia, $2,500Maintaining Kentucky MountainKindergarten School, $2,500.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford &'BryanoLEXINGTON BAKERY PLANT DESTROYED BY FIRE.Fire, thought to have originated inthe boiler room, totally destroyed theplant of the Lexington WholesaleBaking Company, located at the corner of Sixth and Jefferson streets,shortly before 2 o'clock Friday afternoon. The damage is estimated at$12,000, fully covered by insurance.The exact cause of the fire is notknown. It was discovered by bakers'working in the plant shortly after.1:30 o'clock. All employees of thecqmpany escaped without injury.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON & SON,AgtsoAMERICA'S RICHEST RACE AT LA-TONIA, OCTOBER 11.The $50,000 Latonia championshipstakes said to be America's richestrace will be decided at the Latoniarace course Saturday, Oct. 11, according to announcement by theKentucky Jockey Club. Announcement of the date had been withhelduntil details of the world's seriesbase ball games were made known inorder to avoid conflict with the Cincinnati dates. The race is for threeyear olds at one mile and threequarters. oSCHOOL SHOES READY FOR BOYSAND GIRLS.School season has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment ofshoes ever shown.(19-tf) FBLD'S SHOE STORE.No need for a heavycoal fire when yourcooking is light.Burns gas, coal .orwood and does thework of two rangesrequires the care ofonly one. Why getalong with an oldfashioed stove whenthis "fVarlanH" frcyou from all this extraupjMSItt Caillt HOUSt j... ... ... ... ... KIand IIiII4RELIGIOUS. ' t DEATHS.The Woman's Missionary Soci-lety of the Methodist church, willhold an all-day "Nighborhood Meeting" at the Paris church Thursday.Delegates will be in attendance fromnineteen pastoral charges in this district. " State Mission Day was observedSunday by the Baptist churches ofthe State. At the Paris church offerings were received for State Missions, which will be counted infunds for the $75,000,000 campaignnow in progress in the South.Rev. Arthur Pox, of Hope, Arkansas, filled the pulpit at the ParisBaptist church at the morning andevening services. Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, having accepted a call to thepastorate of the Mt. Sterling church,the Paris church is left without apastor.Rev. C. H.- reer occupied thepulpit at the Paris Methodist churchSunday morning "and evening. Theday was observed by the Sundayschool as Teacher Training Day,when all pastors were requested topreach on and emphasize Christianeducation and the necessity of organizing teacher training classes.Sunday was observed in all thePresbyterian churches and Sundayschools by exercises having as theivobject emphasis of the importance ofthe Bible in the individual life, inthe home, and in the nation. Thework of the American Bible Societyinthe distribution of the Scripturesthroughout the world was also em:phasized.A revival meeting began at theChristian church in North Middletown, Sunday, conducted by Evangelist C. W. Cauble, of Indianapolis,and the pastor of the church, Rev.F. M. Tinder. Mr. A. L. Boatright,of the Paris Christian church, directed the song service, with Miss MaryEllett presiding at the organ. Themeetings will be held each night during the week.In the Sunday schools of practically all denominaTlons of thecountry next Sunday will be observed as "Rally Day," when an effortwill be mare to rally all forces of theschools to a renewed interest in thework after the slump incident to thesummer vacation. In Baptist churches the day will also be observed asBaptist Young People's Union RallyDay.oBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Owing to the dry and favorableweather Bourbon county farmers aregetting their tobacco in the barnsand corn in the shock. The earlycut tobacco has cured nicely and willsoon be ready for early stripping.It is colory, sound, but light inweight and texture. Much tobaccowas put in the barns the past 'week,some of which was cut a- littlegreen, the faipners seemingly beingapprehensive of an early frost. It isestimated that there is but about fiveper cent, of the crop yet uncut.Ground is being made ready forwheat. The crop seeded jthis-yearwill be light, about one-fourth1 ofthat of a year ago. Fully as muchrye as wheat will be sown. Corn isgoing into the shock in fine condition. Cutters are being paid twentyfive to thirty-five cents a shock.Farmers are filling their silos andstoring up the feed.Livestock is moving more freely,due more to a shortage of grass thanto the price. Farmers have beenforced to sell in many instances.More rain is needed to stimulate thegrass and give water to the stock.Caywood & McClintock shipped acarload of 1,000-pound butcher cattle, and a mixed load of sheep andlajmbs that cost from eight to elevencents per ponnd. The same firm soldthree hundred head of Westernblackfaced ewes to different farmsat $17 per head.oATTENTION. KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS. Hon. W. C G. Hobhs, President ofthe Board of Directors of the Kentucky Pythian Home, Col. .Robt. L.Slade, Superintendent of the Home,and John W. Carter, Grand Keeper of.Records and Seals, of the GrandLodge, K. of P., will attend the meeting of-Rathbone Lodge No. 12,Thursday night, October 2, for .thepurpose of explaining the plan toraise $100,000 to pay off the debt onthe Pythian Home and create an endowment fund for future maintenance. All Knights are urged to bepresent and hear these men. Pleasemake a special effort to come on thisoccasion.-P. J. McCORD,J. K. CAHAL,C W. FOTHERGIL.Committee.HOW IT WORKS HERE.A few days ago a well-known exParisian, who had been revisiting thescenes of his childhood in this city,and attending the Lexington races,returned to his home in Chicago, after having had a most delightfulvisit here. On his return-he met anumber of former Paris people in oneot tne reconstructed Chicago cafes,where soft drinks now take the placeof liquid refreshments that wereonce dispensed over the counter:He was asked how things were downin "dear old Paris." After detailingau ineiocai happenings he couldthink of he was asked by one of theparty:"How are our old freinds in Paristaking prohibition?" He replied,"Why, just the same old wav outof a bottle." One of the listeners expressed astonishment. "Why, youdon't mean to tell me that you canstill get booze down there, do you?""Why; of course," replied the returned one. The next question was, "Arethe bootleggers numerous?" Our oldfriend replied, "Numerous!' 'Why,they areso thick they have to wearbadges so they won'vt Jose time trying to sell Jo each other."- '-'- - - rrVWW'WWWVVVGAMES.Mrs. Leo Games, aged seventytwo, for many years a resident of Mt.Sterling, died Saturday morning atthe home of- her son, Mr. Elmer Berry, in Sharpsburg, after a short illness, due to a complication of die-eases. Mrs.'Games was a frequentivisitor many years ago at the homeof the late Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Hill,on Pleasant street, and is pleasantlyremembered here for her many womanly qualities.Mrs. Games is survived by twosons, Elmer Berry, of x Sharpsburg,and Wm. H. Berry, of Louisville.The funeral was held at --the residence of Elmer Berry, in - Sharps-hurg, Sunday afternoon, at twoo clock, with services conducted byRev. .Clyde Darsie, pastor of the Mt.Sterling Christian church. The burial followed on the family lot inHacpelah Cqmetery, in Mt. Sterling... CLAY.Mr. George Clay, 'aged seventyfive, a well-known farmer of thiscounty, died at his home on the Winchster pike, near Paris, Sunday afternoon after a long illness, due togeneral debility. Mr. Clay has beenan invalid for several years, most ofthe time confined to his home.Mr. Clay was a son of the lateHenry and Mary Chadwell Clay, whoresided during the larger part oftheir married life at the old Clayhome, on the Winchester pike. Hehad been engaged in farming, anduntil the past two years had beenactively engaged in that occupation.Mr. Clay is survived by one sister,Miss Letitia Clay, one brother, Mr.Joseph Clay, two nephews, Mr. FrankM. Clay, of this city, and Mr. HenryClay of Lexington, and one niece,Mrs. H. Clay Howard, of Paris.The funeral will be held at thefanily home at ten o'clock, this(Tuesday) morning, with servicesconducted by Rev. J. J. Gilbert, ofWinchester. The burial will followin the old Clay burying ground nearthe home.LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK, .Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Franklin Motor Car Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of aFranklin touring car to Jos. Jacoby, jof ner , Hutchison, this county.,HclBy,' (jsiCCLots of boys who havelongies" this season.ft 1 I i iy u ?THELOITGi-IElSWe've made special efforts to select styles and fabrics that lookwell in these suits, and we feel the young men will like them.The styles are along the same lines as those fo'r older men somewith Belts around in single and double-breasted models-some withwaist seams.Long wearing fabrics in new colorings and patterns shownEvery suit a good value.$20.00R. P. WALSH7th and Main.PIE SUPPER AT HOHTEREY PUB-- nc SCHOOL.A pie supper will be given at theMonterey Publfc School, near Paris,at eight o'clock, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening. The proceeds derived from the sale will go to theKentucky Orphans Home, at Louisville. The supper will be given un- ider the supervision of Miss JuliaCalnan, teacher of the Monterey,school. The public is invited to at-tend. A good time is assured allwho attend.Auction Sale ofHousehold Goods.A nice lot of huosehold goods andkitchen furniture at auction on thepublic square Monday, October 6, at11 a. m. Furniture, Carpets, Rugs,Dishes, Stoves, etc. This will be anopportunity for bargains in household goods. (2t-pd)nniii.flBCw?PpL ITIt's the living touch of a Paderewski or a Kreislerthat you hear the voice of a Caruso or Galli-Curci it'sthe actual sweliing, stirring volume of orchestra or bandit is music alive, re-animate, because the Dalion is theInsfcrumentized Phonograph."Instrumentized"Means that the Dalion is a Musical InstrumentNot a Machine.The Auto-File, another exclusive Dalion feature, always finds the record you want, because it makes it absosutely impossible to misfile a record, or for records to bescattered about the room.Come in to-day and let the Dalion talk, play and singfor itself.It's not too early to think about that Phonograph forChristmas.We also have the exclusive agency for the Patheand Crescentola Phonographs.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.n;,-hWIWW-BOYS NEED CLOTHESTHAT MORE THAN LOOKGOOD, THEY MUST BE GOODWALSH'STo be a good Investment boys' clothes must do good service:must be built to stand the racket of school and play wear.We promise ours will stand this test. They look good at thestart acd stay good at the finish.We are showing our new models in waist seam at the beltand Norfolk styles: clothes that any boy will be proud to wear.The first thing you're looking for is valuesYou'll find themhere.$7.50 to $20.00FIRSToutgrown short pants will wantto $45.00One-Price StoreLost-RewardPair of spectacles on street8-.offParis, Saturday. In case of Dr.Stern's. $5.00 reward for return toJ this office. (It),LostOne pair Slack Blocks, in Shaw-han neighborhood. Reasonable reward if returned toPARIS HOME TELEPHONE CO.(30-tf) .Room For RentNicely-furnished front room inrApartment 1, third floor of the Robneel building, at corner of Main andEighth streets. Steam-heat and.bath. Business man preferred.MRS. J. T. CLARKL(30-tf)LS"5S"i-111 " "TDaliononographRE-ANIMATESMUSIC"TSxSsniE.ARE77'firstIcww.Paris, Ky.eukIff ffflfm: ..mRnhn-M&K jmmjB---ISjy? .-t--- -- -?.x$h zrK i? ' t.y -TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER M, i919.fflE B0USS09 HEWS PASISf nJl'WULIpiGinrx"V.&?FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)(12-tf). oCLOTHES AT $3F.We have six different styles insuits and overcoats at $35. Tailoredin the Davis way.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BEftlSTRATION' BAY.Don't fail to go to your votingplace on October 7, and register soyou can get to vote in the Novemberelection. The polling places will beopen fom six a. m. to nine p. m.REPUBLICAN SPEAKING.Dr. J. E. "Wood will address the colored voters of Bourbon county at U.B. F. Hall to-night at 8 o'clock. Allvoters invited to be present.REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN COM.(It)i i a4' AMENDMENTS ON BALLOTThis year's State election ballot-will be the narrowest in many yeais,having four columns, one each forthe Democratic, Republican and Socialist tickets and the fourth for thetwo constitutional amendments submitted to a vote of the people.The ajmendments provide for Statewide prohibition and removal fromoffice of peace officers who fail toprotect prisoners from mobs.oS W. C. FOOTBALL TEAM DEEEATS PABIS.The football eleven of the ParisHigh School, journeyed to Winchester, Saturday, to try conclusionswith the Kentucky Wesleyan team.The K. W. C.'s administered a defeat to "our boys" by a score of 32to 0. One of the Paris rooters, whenasked by THE NEWS who starredfor Paris in the game, replied:"There wasn't no such anijmals. Wepimply affarded K. W. C. practice."sijmply afforded K. W. C. practice."oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against FEre and -WindstormwithYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)NEVER WAS THE LIKE.Never before was there ever seenin Paris such a hondsome display ofmillinery goods as we have now. Theladies of Bourbon and adjoiningcounties are asked to call and seethis nobby, neat and newest displaypoems in millinery at our store.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAERD.(12-tf)oBOARDING HOUSE BOBBED.Various articles of clothing andsmall sujms of money missing fromihe rooms of boarders at the homeof Mrs. Hall, on Tenth street, wasthe substance of a report made tothe police by the losers. Suspicionwas directed to a man who appliedat the house for lodging. The manwas assigned to a room, but on thefollowing morning he had disappeared, as had the clothing and money ofseveral boarders. The police werefurnished with a description of thesuspect.i o - "kE&DTHE BIG PUBLIC SALE ADS.In this issue of THE NEWS appears the display advertisements oftwo public sales to be conducted soonby Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofthe real estate firm of Harris &Speakes, of Paris. Mr. I. D. Thompson will offer his handsome home oaDuncan avenue and his fine farmnear Paris, while the J. T. Hintonhens will put on the market the ren.arkably fertile farm on the NorthMiddletown pike, near Paris, the GiltEdge Farm, recently occupied by Mr.John Biophy. These are fine realestate values and should attract a-arge crowd of bidders.Read the display advertisementsand get all the detailed informationregarding these places. Then getready to attend.0FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf)oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, September 30Wallace Reid, in "The Love Burglar;" Antonio Moreno and CarolHolloway, in "Perils of ThunderMountain ;' Lloyd Comedy, "A Jazzed Honeymoon." At Alamo afternoon and evening.To-morrow, Wednesday, October 1Catherine Calvert, in -'The Careerof Katherine Bush;" Bray Pictosraph. Thursday, October 2 Ladies' DayTTwo ladies admitted for one paidticket, plus, .war tax; EugeneO'Brien, in "The Perfect -Lover;"Vod-a-yil Movies; Pathe jReview.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. McVey Howard, ofNew York, are guests of relatives inthis city.Mrs. Lon M. Tribble and MissSue Jordan left Friday for a twoweeks' stay at Martinsville, Indiana.Mrs. Prank M. Tinder, of NorthMiddletown, is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Ben Robinson, in Lancaster. Mr. and Mrs. J. c .Turnipseed,of Florida, are guests at the home ofMr. W. M. Jones and family, nearParis.Mrs. L. B.' Purnell returned lastnight from a visit to her sister, Mrs.John K. Smith, and family, in Dayton, Ky.Mrs. P. H. Lane, of Philadelphia, is a guest at the home of Mrand Mrs. Swift Champ, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Knox andson, J. C. Knox, have returned froma visit to relatives in Cincinnati andin Covington.Mrs. Lon M. Tribble, Mis. Joe B.Smith and Miss Sue Jordan left Sunday for a ten-days' stay at Martinsville, Indiana.Little Miss Genevieve Dockenbrod, who has been seriously ill atthe home of her father, in White Addition, is improving.Mrs. John J. McClintock, whohas been visiting relatives inIndianapolis and Bloomington, Indiana, has returned home.The Lexington trots received anextensive patronage from Bourboncounty society people yesterday, pnostof them motoring over for the afternoon. Mrs. Thos. G. Denton, who is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Caywood,near Paris, will leave this week forTexas, to spend the winter with relatives. Mr. and Mrs. Wm. E. Pattonhave returned from a visit in Cincinnati. Their guests, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Goodson, have returned to Lexington. Mr. Wallace Steele, of Wichita,Falls, Texas, is a guest of Paris andBourbon county relatives and friendsWichita Falls is now one of the bigoil centers of Texas.Miss Frances Kenney, who is attending Kentucky College for Women, at Danville, spent the weekend here as guest of her parents,Dr. and Mrs. Wm. Kenney.Miss Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, a popular visitor in Paris,was maid of honor Saturday at thewedding in Maysville, of her cousin,Miss Matilda Coburn Molloy, to Mr.William Fant Blackerby.Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedto lier home in this city after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John Conway, in Winchester.Mr. Andrew Montague, of LongBeach, Cali., is visiting relatives andfriends in this city and county. Mr.Montague formerly resided in NorthMiddletown.Mr. H. H. Floyd, manager of theCumberland Telephone Co., and Mr.E. P. Wagoner, have returned fromPetoskey, Mich., where they havespent several weeks with the hayfever colony.Mr. Louis Grosche, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for several weeks, left this morning for Rechester, Minn., where he will consult the Mayo Bros.' specialist in regard to his physical condiiton.' Mr. Wallace Mitchell, Mr. Wm.R. Blakemore, Mrs. Sallie Neely,Miss Ella Mitchell and Mrs. John A.Lyle motored to Blue Licks, Sunday,and from there to Myers and the oldParks Hill Camp grounds, wherethey enjoyed an old-time outingluncheon.Judge and Mrs. Harmon Stitt,formerly of Paris, have returned toLexington, after a trip through theCentral West. At Kansas City theyheard Senator Hiram Johnson, ofCalifornia, address an audience oftwenty thousand people in oppositionto the League of Nations.Frank Farmer, formerly a member of the L. & N. train dispatcher'sforce at this point, is serioulsy ill ofinfluenza at Oakdale, Tenn. Mr.Farmer's wife is a patient at theMayo Bros.'- Hospital, in Rochester,Minn. Mr. Jos. Farmer, of Paris, isat his brother's bedside,Ike Cooper, of Fort Worth,Texas, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Varden Shipp, in Clmtonville. Cooper will be well remembered by Paris fans as pitcher forthe old Paris team in the days whenthe ball grounds were located on thesite now occupied at the South Parisyards of the Louisville & Nashville.The following party motored toShakertown, Sunday evening for supper: Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Thompson,Mrs. P. H. Lane, (Philadelphia),Mrs. Swift Champe, Misses CarolynRoseberry, Ollie Butler, Loraine Butler, Miss Bessie Evans, (New York),and Messrs. Charlton Clay, WithersDavis, C. K. Thomas and GeraldCrommerlin.Mr. Ben Clark Wilson, who hasbeen a guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. David T. Wilson, on Houstonavenue, on furlough for several fdays will leave to-night for Ft.Sheridan, 111. Mr. Wilson has notentirely recovered from the effects ofwounds received in Uncle Sam's service, and will return to the U. S.A. Hospital, at Ft. Sheridan, for another operation.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, entertained informally at theircountry home, near Paris, in honorof Miss Marian Alexander, Piqua,Ohio, who has been a guest of hersister, Miss Kate Alexander, and.other relatives in the city and county. Bridge was indulged in, the following guests participating in theplay: Misses Marian Alexander,Nancy Griffith, Rachel Wiggins, Carolyn Roseberry, Martha Ferguson,Mesdames Oscar T. Hinton, JamesThompson and Robert Ferguson. Atthe conclusion of the games, a saladcourse was, served. The first prize,a picture f ram was wardect to MissRachel Wigis. Th guest prize, apair of silk hose, was awarded toMiss Marian Alexander.Mrs. R. E. Letcher and babe, ofColumbus, Indiana, are visiting relatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Buchananand children, of Hamden, Ohio, areguests of Mr. Bunt Buchanan andfamily, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John Marders havereturned to their home near Paris,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. VanWest, in Shelbyville.Mr. Newton H. Taylor and Mr.James Woodford, of Bourbon county,left Sunday for Calgary, Alberta,(jenada, on a prospecting tour.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, Mrs. W. E.Ellis and Mr. John Harris Clay motored to Shakertown, Sunday evening, for supper at Shakertown Inn.Mrs. Hazel Restrick, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visitingv Nurse forthe Bourbon County Health and Welfare League.Mr. James O'Connell, of the E.F. Spears & Sons clerical forces, hasreturned from a vacation spent invisiting relatives in Chicago andother Western cities.Mrs. W. H. Anderson has returned from a visit to her niece, Mrs.Joseph Endris, and Mr. Endris, inChicago, and to Mrs. Albert Miller,in Crawfordsville, Indiana.During the absence of Mr. A. S.Thompson, who is in Allensville, Alabapna, on a business mission, Mrs.I. C. Haley and children, of Clintonville, are guests of Mrs. Thompson, inthis city.Mrs. Frank Donaldson and children have returned to their home inCamden Junction, Ohio, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Parvin, nearParis, and Mrs. Mary Donaldson anddaughter, Miss Grace Donaldson, inthis city.Among the auto tourists in ParisSunday, were Mr. and Mrs. George C.Rockwell, Misses Clarine and MamieRockwell and Mr. James C. Maxwell,of Delaware, Ohio. They were enroute to Lexington to attend thetrotting meeting.Mr. and Mrs. George Watkinsentertained with a dinner party Friday at their home on the Lexingtonpike, near Paris. The guests wereMr. and Mrs. Robert Johnson, Mr.and Mrs. Douglas Clay, Mr. and Mrs.Frank Ireland Davis and Mr. andMrs. George Watkins.The photogravure section of theLouisville Courier-Journal of lastSunday, contains a photographicview of the Masonic serviceshed at the grave of CaptainReuben B. Hutchcraft, of Paris.The photo shows Capt. (Dr.) JamesA. Orr, of Paris, conducting the committal services.Squire John N. Shropshire entertained Sunday with a diniig at hishome near Jacksonville The guestswere Mr. and Mrs. Dille Craig, Mr.and Mrs. Evans Renaker, Mr. andMrs. Frank Best, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Fulton, of Berry, and Mr. andMrs. Williapn Sparks, of Leesburg.Mr. James McDonald, who hasbeen visiting friends and relativeshere, left Saturday for Pewee Valley.Mr. McDonald will attend the annualConfederate reunion at Atlanta, Ga.Mr. McDonald and Mr. J. J. Congleton, now at the Confederate Home,are the only survivors of Company G.Capt. Ed. F. Spears, Second Kentucky Infantry, Orphan Brigade. Heis now in his sixty-second year."Mr. and Mrs. Jesse M. Alversonentertained with a buffet dinner Sunday at their home on the Jackstownpike, near this city, in honor of Mrs.Thomas Taylor and daughter, MissHenrietta Taylor, of New York, andthe bride-elect and groom-to-be, MissArtie Ripy and Mr. Lister Gaines, ofLawrenceburg. The guests were:Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Hawkins, Mr. andMrs. Sanford M. Allen, Mr. and Mrs.Owen Ingels, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesMartin, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Saunders, Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, Harvey Rogers, Julian Rogers, Allen Ingels, Misses Margaret Allen andBush Allen.Miss Frances Clay entertainedthe members of her bridge club atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. Frank Clay, on the Winchester pike, near this city. The firstprize, a handsome mahogany tray,was awarded to Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, and the consolation prize, threedainty handkerchiefs, went to Mrs.John W. Young. Luncheon was served the guests after the games. Inaddition to the club members the following were guests for the afternoon:. Miss Elizabeth Tarr, Mrs.John W. Young, Miss Charlina Ball,Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, Miss AgnesTurner, Miss Margaret Ardery, Mrs.William B. Ardery, Mrs. Edward F.Prichard, Mrs. Woodford Daniel,Mrs. Walter Dalby, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill and Mrs. George Watson. MissClay was assisted in receiving andentertaining the guests by her mother and her aunt, Mrs. J. Frank Clay,and Mrs. Harry B. Clay.The following is the calendarfor the Bourbon caunty clubs, to beobserved at their meetings, to beheld to-morrow, Wednesday and Saturday: Paris Literary Club, Wednesday,Oct. 1 Paul's Word and the EarlierNew Testament Writings, Miss Lilleston; The Origin of The Gospel,Mrs. Woodford; Report of the StateMeeting at Ashland.The Progressive Culture Club,Wednesday, Oct. 1 Response, Current Events; Noteworthy Events ofPresident Wilson's Administration,Mrs. Stamler; President Wilson. sVisit in Allied Countries, Mrs. Clendenin; Problems of the Peace Conference, Mrs. J. T. Sharrard; National Prohibition, Mrs. Hargis.North Middletown Woman's ClubThe Beginning of Things, TheHymn of Creation, Mrs. J. W. Young;Milton's Story of the Creation andThe Fall of Man, Mrs. John S. Tal-bott.Millersburg Twentieth CentryClub, Saturday -October 4 Roll Call,Current Events; -Life of DanielBoone, Mrs. Jones; Sipion Kenton,Mrs. Smith r Music, Mrs. Barnes; Geo.Rogers V&lark, Miss: Clark; Revolutionary Period in Kentucky; Mrs.Miller ;Hostess,VMiss McIntyre.T ,( Other Pergonals on Page 8)-KIF YOU ARMWear a Warner's Rust Proof it practically adjustsitself. They are as easy to put on as any corset is fora slender woman..ill 4 1 ill INo corset that we .know will accomplish so much,PRICE $1.50 TO $500HARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, ya!KITHE J.EITHERPHONE 36. Motor HearseX3SX;::You don't need a maid toput your corset on for youIf you have large hips, outproportion to the waist, ask forrWarner ModelFor ALarge WomanIt will shape your figure into itsfashionable contour, accurately"and permanently decreasing itssize.1X1HlBL m m w i in h TBPrvJSwT ijWji S faki IB m fllMrs. HomeloVer:The living room is the real center of the home,It should be cozy, and the furnishings should besubstantial because it gets so muct wear.Our store is the place to get substantial furniture. We always put quality first, because Weknow people Would rather pay for something goodthat will !ast a Jong time and always look well,than buy something cheap that looks cheap.Our QUALITY furniture and rugs arePRICED LOW. Gome and see.T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach UmlrtartdiixixikxiKBXVTSTOUToxfIIXIXIIMain StreetParis, Ky.m&'tf' ,ftj- ' --1."'rx,vrx:IxIX'IXI-X-IXIXI.x:-XIx-I;xNI-1?x J(I vX "IXIXIXxIvN.i& -r rf A3$--iyst.'P'p?- -iIll'swt """S""'-pVCt-ifTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 119.EBJSftBOT WGI SIXBottled ManpowerCoughs and oolds aie weakening.Get rid of them as quickly as youcan. Catarrh in any form saps thevitality. Fight It and fight it hard.There is a remedy to help you do itI a medicine of forty-seven yearaestablished merit. Try it.PE-RU-NAFirCitirrhand Gatarrfitl.ConiitiottIt purifies the blood, regulates thedigestion, aid3 elimination, tonesup the nerve centers and carrieshealth to all the mucous linings.For the relief of those pains instomach and bowels, belching, sourktomach, rheumatism, pains in theback, sides and loins, PE-RU-NA isrecommended.PE-RU-NA restoresto healthy action thevital organs whichare so intimately related to the strengthand vigor of the nation. There are fourteenounces of health giving punch and pepJn every bottled PE-RU-NAIs a goodmedicine to have inthe house, ready-to-takefor emergencies.It is a good remedyto use any time.TAILETS ML WWSOLD EVERYWHEREftmyWt iBBBB4kPBBBBK2THE THIRD BED CROSS ROLLCALL.Mrs. Hiram Roseberry has beenappointed local Chairman of theThird Red Cross Roll Call, whichwill be held November 2-11. TheHome Service office, 505 First National Bank, will be used as Headquarters for the Roll Call."A few years hence it will be asnatural for people to renew theirRed Cross membership annually asit is to celebrate Christmas," saysHenry P. Davidson, Chairman of theBoard of Governors of the League ofRed Cross Societies..Plans' are being made to securethe services of a Red Cross nurse toconduct classes in Home Hygieneand care of the sick. Anyone interested in this work should call Mrs.Harry Kerslake, Chairman, for information. The local Home Service is still actively engaged in its work and expects to continue- indefinitely itsprogram of assistance to fighters'and their families, and to others asrthe need is discovered.All cases of service men or theirfamilies needing assistance or information of any kind should be referred to the Home Service office.If you know of a case needing attention let the local office knowabout it. The Red Cross is responsible for all discharged menand asks your help in bringing anyneed to their attention."MRS. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW RAT-SNAP."xiOD"Have always feared rats. Latelynoticed many on my farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droveswith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP (myself.It killed 17 and scared the restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c, 1.00. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply Co.(adv-sept)Southern Optical Co.Incorporated:Manufacturers of Perfect-Fitting TSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial Eyes JInvisible Bifocal LensTOSAIL FOR EUROPE ONERNMENT MISSION.GOV-4th & Chestnut Sts,LOUISVILLE, KY.Mr. and Mrs. G. Lee "Wainscott, ofWinchester, will leave Wednesday,for New York, whence they will sailon the White Star liner Lapland forEurope. Mr. Wainscott has been appointed officially by Governor Blackto report on condition of graves ofAmerican soldiers in foreign countries. Mr. and Mrs. Wainscott willbear their own expenses. They willland at Cherbourg, France, and then'will go directly to Coblenz, Germany,to visit the headquarters of GeneralHenry Allen, a great-uncle of Mrs.Wainscot. They expect to be awayuntil December.oDstes of Western Trading Companies.The Hudson's Bay company waschartered In 1670 by Prince Rupertand others. The North West Fur company of Montreal was formed In 1779,and the two Joined forces In 3821. . ,lt4 M 1 1 1 tltHHIll 1 IWHHttl 1 1 1 1 1 1 lltlr3SWS!35Si-iS5eSriaS5S33itcg3LEI'7K'.riMCAT4.U4UfrhdatfrkL-JIfeCTaBOBSPe xsSowI The J, T, Hinton Co. j1 UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreets-Day phone 36NIsrHt : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourI Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.PBESEDENT'S TRIP CANCELLEDBY ORDER OF PHYSICIAN..jHiiiHiiim111111 M'Tfttt-f- -- j tintX:bbi1l1XGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137: NI6HT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky., ,v f 1 1, ssh a a aw n aw mes UWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKruisfrsrl as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments oflMtfjof net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not overHad aeprued dividend.Ifataarainac for psst tbree years have averaged over four time dividendutijlrf rnM on this stock.Wtu4ck aaaets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netmMi taV $25 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on RaqueatwJAMES C. WILIJSON St OCX2 lO S. Fifth Street,. IUISVILLE, KY,WICHITA, KAN., Sept. 29. Presdent Wilson has canceled the remainder of his tour under ordersfrom Admiral Cary T. Grayson, thePresident's physician, and began hisreturn trip driect to Washington, arriving Sunday morning.Admiral Grayson gave illness andphysical exhaustion as the reason forhis action.Although he said' there was nothing critical about the President'scondition, Dr. Grayson declared anervous reaction affecting his digestive organs made suspension of histrip imperative.Mr. Wilson was ill most of lastnight and the decision to return atonce to the capitol was reached justbefore his train arrived in Wichita.The President himself wanted to continue his speaking program, but Dr.Grayson would not permit it.PUEBLO, COL., Sept. 29. Reducing his fight for the peace treatyto a direct issue of acceptance or rejection, Preident Wilson clearlyinvited the Senate to make a definiteand unmistakable stand one way orthe other.Then he was taken to the Memorial Auditorium, where he spoke toa large audience.After declaring it was his duly, asChief Executive, to judge whetherthe Senate's action constituted acceptance or rejection, if reservationswere incorporated in the ratification,the President added a warning thathe did not consider "qualified adoption" as adoption in fact. He said,however, that he saw no objection tomere interpretations.Mr. Wilson reiterated that thewhole controversy had resolved itselfinto a clear-cut question of whetherthe United States should go into theLeague of Nations or stay out. Itwas time, he said, that the nationknew where it was to stand.Meanwhile, White House officialsin the Presidential party permittedit to become known that the proposed reservation the President quotedat Salt Lake City and Cheyenne andwhich he announced he would regardas a rejection of the treaty, was onethat he had been informed wasagreed on by several Republican Senate leaders.oJUST WHAT SHE NEEDED."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to be just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta Bankson, Chillicothe, Mo."They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver andrid me of backache and dizziness thatI had been subject to for some time.They did me a world of- good and Iwill always speak a good word forthem."- (adv-sept)short; course offeredThe annual Short Course in Agriculture and Home Economics offeredby the College of . Agriculture willopen November 3, and continue forfifteen weeks. Any person over seventeen years of age and a resident ofKentucky, is eligible for this work,and no entrance examination is required. The man on the farm cantake up in this Short Course a studyof tractors, the problems of crop production, the management of his soil,the handling of his farm stock or anyother topic in which he is especiallyinterested. The woman has thechoice of studying cooking, millinery i dressmaking, the management ofa cafeteria or any other subject inwhich she wishes to perfect herself.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COIIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY INMICHIGANMrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wish to thank you for yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and ,Diarrhoea Remedy. Weare never without it in the house, andI am sure it saved our baby's lifethis summer."Mrs. Mary Carrington, .Caseville,Mich., says, "I have used Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyfor years and it has always givenprompt relief."(adv-sept)1 oINJURED IN ACCIDENT.Abe Feld, of Winchester, a nephew of Mr. David Feld, of Paris, andhis younger brother, Bennie, wereslightly injured in an auto accidentin Winchester, recently. Whiledriving in a new car near the citylimits of Winchester, the car swerved, striking a tree. Their mother,Mrs. M. Feld, and Dr. and Mrs.Nathan Feld, who were in the car,escaped injury.The injured boys were taken toWinchester and taken to the officeof Dr. Ishmael, where ten stitcheswere taken in a wound in AbeFeld's face. Both brothers are improving. . o"Out of the Mouths of Babes."Willie, to talkative caller "Well,now that you've come., I suppose I shallhave to go for the doctor." TalkativeCaller "Why, Willie?" Willie "Father says you always make him ill !"READ WHAT U. S. DEPARTMENTOF AGRICLUTURE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN DO.mT V.4. & Wt- . Ig3A"Sail UtfFsaaA.:F ml:E-V518 cents a packageWhat you pay out your good money foris cigarette satisfaction and, my, howyou do get it in every puff of Camels!XPERTLY blended choiceTurkish and choice Domestictobaccos in Camel cigarettes eliminate bite and free them from anyunpleasant cigaretty aftertaste orunpleasant cigaretty odor.Camels win instant and permanentsuccess with smokers because theblend brings out to the limit therefreshing flavor and delightful mellow-mildness of the tobaccos yet retaining the desirable "body." Camelsare simply a revelation! You maysmole them without tiring your tastelFor your own satisfaction you mustcompare Camels with any cigarettein the world at any price. Then,you'll best realize their superiorquality and the rare enjoymentthey provide.R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, Winston-Salem, N. CTHE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any merchant can have is a satisfied customer. No greater recommedation canbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop. GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough. Remedyfor years and have always found thatit gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)FULLIW1 HENDRICKSI "THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OF;WIND0W EQUIPMENTOPMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky!When you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to 4 'Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will feach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.!itit53SEhiSasgggmJT3According to government figures,two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,'482 individual rats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. RAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing -with-otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno spiell. Cats or dogs won't touchit .Sold and guaranteed br theFarmers Supply Co. ' s -, " Xa&v-sept) 'HOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HdHftRGDLEN'SSanitary' Meat MarketSPECIALC?fevi iDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in. and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J EW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 M n 3fTtinmm .dtH si i 3C T: 1 5'c?t mtuHiwwuwnThe News Job Department is AVwys Busy'There's a Reason." Work Done. Right !tU2JkftU1fs3.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1919.JiTHE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKYt"- ,csC;C- -re , w - ,i,mtd'ifPiUu;tniGILT EDGEWill Be Soldr- -wktwSTOCK FARMat Public AuctionOn the Premises on the North MiddletownonTuesday, October 7, 1919, 10:30 AMContains 547 acres of land in a high state of cultivation and has been divided into eleven smallfarms. This farm is one of the best in the county and adjoins the CITY LIMITS OF PARIS, KY.,faces on the North Middletown Pike, Maysville Division of the Louisville & Nashville Railroadand the waters of Stoner Creek. For many years it was the stock raising farm of the late G. G.sWhite, and was practically all in grass. There is no better land. Its soil is deep and fertile andwill grow fine tobacco, corn or hemp. The property belongs to Hinton Bros, who are sellingEFFECTTO.A.DrVISIOKTof the undivided interest of each owner. The division of the land is as follows:TRACTS NOS. 1, 2, 3 AND 4-Contain 10acres and a fraction each of unimproved landand face on the North Middletown pike. All oldr-rioit'r "tkii'j'ut35"W""? . in5j--QfrYh ioisjrftr-7?r44.A"J? ,r. eJ ,,,.-., .. -.-.1 r i"TJlT A- "3j ii 4- mji j- slT2h4t- crf '.ijbl ..... . TKasblue grass sod, lays well, fne building sites andeach an attractive and ideal home site.TRACT NO. 5 AND 9-Tract No. 5 containsseven acres and a fraction and No. 9 contains14 1-2 acres and both face on the North Midtown pike. Both tracts are in corn, with asplendid yield, and each will make an idealhome with beautiful building sites.TRACT NO. 6 Is the old home place containing 255 acres. Nearly all bottom land,strong in fertility and a splendid producing farm,none better. Magnificent colonial brick residence of 12 rooms, halls, pantries, back andfront porches, basement, cistern, all necessaryoutbuildings and a good 12-acre tobacco barn.Wells, pools and Stoner Creek furnish an Ulllimited water supply. One-half of this tract is inblue grass, the greater part of which is virginsoil, and the remainder is seeded to clover andgrass, with a good stand..TRACTS NOS. 7 AND 8-Contain 20 acreseach and face on the new road and have a goodstand of clover and grass, with part in virginsoil. Unimproved, but just ready for tobacco.TRACT NO. 10 Contains 44 acres, andfaces on new road. Seven room residence, necessaryoutbuildings, well watered with cistern and pond. Nearlyall of this tract is old sod land, with the remainder in cornand tobacco.TRACT NO. 11 Contains 155 acres andfaces on new road, has small tenant house and is watered by Stoner Creek. A good portion of this tract isvirgin soil with the finest blue grass and is ready for tobacco. Tracts 9,-10 and 11 will be sold separately andthen as a whole.Tracts No. I, 2, 3, 49 5, 6, 7, 8 will be sold separately and then as a whole after which entire farm will be offered as a wholeTERMS Ten per cent, of the purchase price cash in hand on day of sale, 23 1-3 per cent, on March 1, 1920; 33 1-3 per cent. March 1, 1921and 33 1-3 per cent, March 1, 1922, deferred payments to bear 6 per cent, interest secured by a lien on the property.HARRISREALESTATE DEALERSL. D. HARRIS, General ManagerGEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerS'X-cr5?T-' 4rvsiirwmj yMni ; gI . -J "C- -.",PA6I1WHTr -T""3ft -fc -THE. . B0U1B0NJlfiWS,paris, -uhtiiou. TUESDAY, SBPT1MBBR 30, iWnull ii ' Jl'- "vkMILLERSBURGMr. J. H. Hunter was in Maysvill on business Thursday.Mrs. E. R. Hurst and sons aresojourning at Swango Springs.Mrs. A. S. Best entertained inhonor of Mrs. Ada Miller, who is returning to Birmingham, Ala., to reside with her daughter, Mrs. A. J..Lamb.Mrs. Mattie Purnell, of Paris,who has recently returned fromWashington, D. C.f was a guest sev-., eral ttays of Mrs. C. M. Best and-other friends in this city.Mrs. Helen Leonard united with"the Presbyterian church Sundaymorning by letter, her letter copningfrom the Shawhan church. OscarGrimes was taken into the churchby confession.Mr. Williajm Parker fell from afifty-foot scaffold, Thursday after.noon, while painting on "the residence of Mr. W. C. Leer, crushinghis right ankle, and seriously injuring his back. His condition is critical, and no change for the better atUhis writing.Levy, the cleaner, is prepared todo all kinds of dry cleaning work in-itis line, such as suits, rugs, carpetsand quilts, and all wool fabrics.Prices reasonable good work guar---anteed.R. M. CALDWELL, Age.. The household eiTects of Mrs.Xda Miller vere sold Saturday afternoon at public sale, everythingbringing good prices. Mrs. Millerand daughter, Miss Katherine Miller,will leave in a few days for the homeof Mrs. A. J. Lamb, at Birmingham,Ala., daughter of Mrs. Miller, wherettiey will make their future home.The protracted jmeeting at thePresbyterian church will open at7:30 p. m. to-day, and will be con-ducted by Dr. J. Ernest Thacker,- evangelist for the General Assembly-of the Southern Presbyterian church.Dr. Thacker comes to us highly recommended. In fact, he is not astranger, in our midst, having conducted a tabernacle meeting someyears ago in Lexington, which wasa. pronounced success. He bringswith him Mr. and Mrs. Harry P.- Armstrong, who will have chargeof the music, which will be an important factor in this meeting. The- -meeting will continue through Octo; ber 13. Dr. Thacker's dates are sonumerous that it will be impossiblefor him to remain with us longer."-Let everybody take this opportunityand begin with the beginning ofthe service. It is indeed a greattreat for Millersburg, which shouldresult in much good.o.. ...THE NEWEST AND FRESHESTJust in. and more coming, fromthe chief millinery producing centersof the United States, an imposing andpleasing array of the latest creationsnf thA milliner's art. Desisted andproduced by artists. Call and seethem.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)o -- INTERESTING OIL NOTESActivity in the oil fields is more or- less centered now in Allen, Warren,Barren and Monroe counties, wherer a number of good wells are con, stantly being "brought in." Parksand associates, a syndicate of Bourbon county men, are now drilling7their number one well on their lease- Mn Allen, county, across the riverfrom the Moulder Wells The Greater Kentucky Petroleum Company,which has a large number of stockS . "Tiolders here, has let a contract for a' -well on its holdings in the fieldsouth of Scottsville, Allen county.This lease is close up to production" rand a great amount of interest is; -manifested in the drilling of thisf well. Mr, Fred Clark, formerly interested in the Louisiana and Texas. fields, is jmanaging the Allen countyoperations of this company.12GRAND OPERAONE NIGHT :-:?mmmCOBURN'SHKIKIS.filllltiDHHTHE MINSTREL EVENT OF THE SEASON!!?.eey Charley GanoALL NEW BETTER THAN EVER ALL WHITESEATS NOW ON SALE D . -A -- Ai AirvAT ALAMO THEATRE THCeS, 5UC, DC, $1.00MATRIMONIAL.A jmarriage license was issuedlast week from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. EdwardNichols, 24, and Miss Ella Livingood,17, both of Millersburg.A marriage license was issuedFriday from -the office of CountyGlerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. WallaceR. Brackett, of Stanford, and MissEthel R. Kendall, of Lexington. Theformer is a student at the Universityof Kentucky.Friends and relatives in this cityand county have received announcements, worded as follows: "Mr. andMrs. George F. Johnson announce themarriage of their daughter, MaryHazel, to Mr. Byron Bernard Begley,on Wednesday evening, Septembertwenty-fourth, Nineteen hundred andnineteen, Mt. Vernon, Ky." "AtHome after October first, Apt. 209,Guthrie-Coke Bldg., Louisville, Kentucky." WILSON McKINZEY.The marriage of Mr. Glenn McKinzey, of Paris, and Miss Agnes M.Wilson, of Crawfordsville, Indiana,was recently solemnized in Lexington by Magistrate Charles Parrish.The groom came to Paris from NewYork some time ago, and is employedat Cahal Bros.' barber shop. Mr. andMrs. McKinzey will reside here.KANE MCCARTHY.The marriage of Mr. CharlesBernard McCarthy, formerly of Paris,to Miss Helen Marie Kane, of Lexington, was solejmnized at six-thirtyo'clock this morning, at St. Peter'sCatholic church, in Lexington, Rev.Father Frieburg officiating.Miss Theresa Buchiganini preside'dat the organ, and Mis3 Louise Kellersang a beautiful solo. Miss MargaretKane, "sister of the bride, was maidof honor, and the best man was Mr.McCarthy's intimate friend, Mr. LeoKeller, of Paris.After the ceremony at the churchand the celebration of the nuptialmass a wedding breakfast was givenat the home of Mrs. Kane, on EastFifth street, in honor of the bridalparty. Following this ' the bridalpair left for a trip to New York,Philadelphia and Washington, D. C.The groom is a son of Mrs. P. I.McCarthy, formerly of Paris, now residing in Lexington, and the late P.I. McCarthy, who was for yearscashier of the Paris Deposit Bank,and one of the city's most prominentbusiness men. Mr. McCarthy wasfor several year3 in the .employ of E.F. Spears & Sons, in this sity, andsince his discharge from the armyservice at Camp Zachary Taylor, hasbeen an. attache of the revenue service in the ofilce of Collector of Internal Revenue El wood Hamilton, atLexington. He is a young man ofthe highest integrity and personallyone of the best liked young men whoever left Paris. His bride is a veryhandsome and charming young woman, uotn -nave a nost or trienas inParis, who unite with ohters inwishing them a long and happy (married life.p.'STOCK, CROP, ETC.Auctioneer George D. Speakesconducted the public sale Fridaynear Shawhan of stock belonging toMr. Walter Tate. Cows sold for65 to ?85;.one bull, $90; shoats,$14 to $14.50; brood sows,' $21 to$40; horses, $30 to $200; one bunchof yearling cattle, $60 a head.DISCIPLES ELECT.The convention of Churches ofChrist in Kentucky in session atHopkinsville elected officers as follows: President, J. J. Castleberry,of Mayfield.; Hovard J. Brazelton, ofStanford, vice-president; Lin D.Cartwright, of Louisville, State secretary; Miss Madeline Adams, ofLouisville, office secretary; GeorgeTinsley, of Elizabethtown, recordingsecretary.HOUSE nfiT RMONDAY UU I I UALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7.-00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. C. Whalevare sojourning at Carlsbad Springs,in Grant county.Miss Lusy Henry is recoveringrapidly from a serious illness at Mas-sie Hospital.Miss Stella Butcher, of Saskatchewan, Canada, is a guest of relatives and friends in this citv andcounty.Mrs. Ollie Patterson has as guestat her home on Henderson streetMiss Ella Crane, of Jessaminecounty.Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Williams andMr. and Mrs. E. T. Hinton left thismorning for a several days' visit inCincinnati.Misses Janet Lusk and ElsieJacobj who were attendants at theBegley-Johnson wedding, at Mt.Vernon, have returned home.Mrs. It. C. Foster is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.Mr. and Mrs. Brooks Hopperand family have returned to theirhome in Louisville, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Forrest Brooks, nearParis.Mrs. W. H. Pence was operatedon at Massie Hospital yesterday andis doing nicely. Drs. ICenney &Stockinger were the attending physicians.Mrs. Horace Bridges, ' of Paris,who recently underwent an operation for appendicitis, at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, isimproving.Mrs. C. A. Teller and son, William, have returned to their home inChicago, after a -visit to the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. L .Price, onSouth Main street.1Mr. Albert Holliday has returned to his home in Chicago, after avisit to his sisters, Mrs. George W.Judy, and Misses Carrie and EmilyHolliday, in thjs city.Mr. James A.'. Wallace, of Irvine,and Mr. Ben W. Hall, of Mt. Sterling, were recent visitors in Paris,being here in the interest of the Republican campaign for the Stateticket.Mrs. W. B. Griffith has returnedfrom Lexington, .where she has beenat the bedside of her daughter, Mrs.Powell Bosworth, formerly of Paris,who has been very ill with an attack of tonsilitis.Mayor E. B. January celebratedhis sixty-first birthday last Saturday. Among the many presents hereceived was an invitation to attendthe opening championship ball gamesat Cincinnati, Wednesday.Mr. Henry J. Santen, of thePower Grocery Co., will go to Cincinnati to-morrow, to root for theReds in the opening game of theWorld's Championship series. Thereis no more enthusiastic "fan" in thecountry than "Pa" Santen, whosepresence in the Cincinnati ball parkis bound to become known.(Other PersonaiB on Page 5)o- :IDEAL FALL WEATHERThis section of God's footstool hasbeen greatly blessed in the way offine weather in the past few days.1 Ideal weather conditions for fall haveprevailed though the drouth has beena serious matter for the farmers tocontend with. In the jmatter ofweather, though, everything has beenas near perfect as could be. Warm,bright sunshine has contributed todrive away all kinds of "blues," including the alcoholic, and pleasureseekers have taken advantage of theconditions to get better acquaintedwith old Mother Nature. All in all,it has been a fine beginning for fall,with a prospect for "Indian Summer" bringing up the rear with acontinuance of the same. For all ofwhich we are duly thankful.oiPAEM 3MEETINOS CLOSED.The last of the Farmer's Community Meetings held in Kentucky thisseason, closed at Louisa, on the BigSandy, Sepember 20. This was theforty-second of these meetings whichextended frojm the Tennessee line tothe Ohio River and from the BigSandy, almost to the Mississippi.The audiences at these meetings totaled over 86,000'people.DON'T FAIL TO BEGISTERIf you want to vote for your partycandidates in the November election,you must register on Tuesday, Oct.7. The voting booths will be openfrom six a. m. to nine p. m. for thepurpose of registering the voters.oWe trust there is no significancein the Kentucky Democrats openingtheir campaign so near a lunaticasylum.The Boston policemen are "called,deserters by President Wilson, andnot strikers, and their act as crimAlamo Afternoon andT NightToday, TuesdayWallace ReidIN"The Love Burglar"A wealthy thief of time becomes a thief in reality to stealthe heart of the girl he loves.ANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"A JAZZED HONEYMOON"IJRm MmSENATOR STANLEY TOPAIGN IN STATECAM-Senator A. O. Stanley has acceptedan invitation to open the campaignat Pikeville, Ky., on Saturday, October 4. While the Senator has noother speaking dates at this time itis probable he will spend sometimein the Kentucky campaign. Severalother speeches following that atPikeville. He will have to remain inclose touch with the Senate, and beOpening DisplayNEW FALL BOOTSGreatest selections of most magnificent Fall Footwear we have ever offered. Superior in everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat, must be a strong incentive to liuy now.BE CORRECTLY SHOD!JKSittS!" nt3&wLadies' soft, smooth-fitting Kid, inblack and brown, Louis or Cubanheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .School Shoes For Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. j neShoes at $.!iSffiK.OO and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots djq jqMisses' and Children's Gun Metal o 4QBoots at LAVDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store . Where Beauty and Economy ReignTomorrow, WednesdayCATHERINEIN"THE CAREER OFKATHERINE BUSH"By Elinor GlynShe saw it all the triumphshe craved, the way to attain itand the price she would have topay then plunged into the gamefor power and human hearts.Also Bray PictographGrand Opera HouseSnfy18!1! Tuesday, Sept. 30Eugene Walters' Dramatization ofYou haveread thebooknow seethe playiflmoiirA Dramatic Romance of tht Virginia Mountains, withJANE WARE as "JUNE"This is the only authorized company now presenting thisplay. You are therefore assured the No. 1 company and production. Prices, 28c; 55c, 83c, $1.10, $1.65, War Tax IncludedSeats on Sale at The Alamo Theatre Saturday.ready to hasten to Washington atany time to vote on possible amendments to the peace treaty or on thequestion of its ratification.oEVENT OF STATEWIDE INTEREST. Dr. John JR. Mott, the General Secretary of the International Committee of the Y. M. C. A., will visit Kentucky on October 2nd, being theSee the new models,- compare prices', andthe big savings affordedwill surely make itworth your attention.$7.95Men's Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts foryour fit, atThursday, Oct. 2ndEugene O'BrienIN"The Perfect Lover"They gave their wives "everything they wanted," but not thething they wanted most-thelove of a man. What happened?Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Pathe Review.Ladies' DayTwo ladles will be admitted for oneticket plus 2c war tax on Thursdays.ASplendidCast andi gxKwguest at a State-wide Conferenceluncheon given in his honor by theKentucky State Y. M. C. A. at theSeelbach Hotel. A number of citizens from this county and city, interested in the future methods ofwork among welfare organizationsare planning to attend.oThe packers seem to be shiftingtheir leather business in order tosave their own hides.$7.951 . t1- 'I ' J I. jMen's Mahogany Tan English j- ACShoes at yOrUOBoys' Dark Tan Eng- to Ail 1 A CAIish Shoes at $0.49 and $4.5UBoys' Gun Metal English Shoes . o jqBoys' Gun Metal Lace Shoes qqIinal. ' ,. A v - -J. '", " -Vfc'J