.V ,i -Jr-f ". "jMj",- -:-vt. k ire 'rf -. J,."j - vV rTHENEWS-VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,v-VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 1. 1919BOURBONrl.AS USUAIr ATJTO ACCIDENTMr. Elbert Rose, Misses Lo-na andChristine McCord, of Paris, andMiss Ethel Biddle, of Newtown,Scott county, were victims of an automobile accident near Georgetown,Friday afternoon, in which Mr. Rosewas the chief sufferer.The party had been visiting MissBiddle at her home near Georgetown,and had started home to take theirhostess with them as far as Georgetown. It is said that the machinewas going at a very careful rate ofspeed when suddenly the driver lostcontrol. The machine was overturned, Mr. Rose being pinned underneath the car, and the other occupants being thrown to the ground,sustaining minor bruises. Mr. Rosewas picked up by passers by andhurried to the Ford Hospital, atGeorgetown, where he was givenmedical attention. The other members of the party were removed totheir homes. The damaged machinewas brought to a local garage forrepairs. Mr. Rose is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Dudley Rose, of Nineteenthstreet.A local garage man stated Sundaymorning that he had heard of fourteen accidents occurring betweenParis and Lexington Saturday night.No one was seriously injured, andthere were no fatalities. The machines in most cases were overturnedthrough reckless driving on the partof the drivers, who had been attending the obesquies of John Barleycorn at Lexington, and in no casewas there a really serious accident,as might have resulted from a collision. In several instances the contents of the machines, several quartsof "juice" sustained the severest loss,or the owners thereof did. It wasreported that the largest number ofmachines ever seen on the Lexington, pike, were noticed on Saturday after' noon and night. Not all joy-riding,hut for the most part bound to andfrom the home of the now-deposedmonarch, John Barleycorn, at Lexington.TOTHE TAXPAYERS OF BOURBON COUNTY.SIGNING OF PEACE PACT OFFICIALLY ENDS WORLD WAR.I have been solicited by numerous The world war was formerly endedtax-payers of Bourbon county to be- by the signing of the peace treatycome a candidate for the State Leg- witii Germany, at Versailles, inislature. It has been presented tome that I should continue my effortsto adjust the tax laws of the Statethat I began more than two yearsago. I cannot deny the force of thisappeal.The opportunity has now comewhen it is possible to do more effective work as a representative of thiscounty, which I realize enlarges theopportunity for service.While I consider it an honor torepresent Bourbon county in the Legislature, this is not the true incentive in seeking the office. I have always taken a great interest in public affairs, but have never soughtpublic office. It is not now my desireto enter into a contest with anyfriend or neighbor. I realize, however, that this county should send arepresentative to the Legislature whohas property interests in commonwith the large majority of its citizens. The tax question is not a political one in any sense. For that reason I think all citizens, regardless ofpolitical affiliation, should desire anequitable adjustment of the law.With an abiding faith in the judgment of the citizens of this county, Isubmit my candidacy for approval. IfI am selected as your representative,I shall strive honestly to protect theinterests of the county in every way.Most respectfully,JAS. H. THOMPSON.oo'clock, SaturdayDr. F. P. Campbell, of this city, haspurchased of, Mr. Jesse Kennedy, representing the Twin Gusher Oil andRRefining. Company, an undivided one-iiiui interest in a tract of oil landsituated in the Tularosa Basin, inPTexas and New Mexico, at a privateprice.BANQUETBY EASTERNORDER.STARBOYS SPORT BLOUSES.Low.- neck, short sleeves the kindfor summer wear 75c and $1.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Everbody going where to? Banquet to be given by the 0. B. S. inthe Masonic Hall, at 8 o'clock, sharp,on the night of Thursday, July 3,What are we going to have to eatfried chicken, old ham, salad,home-made cake and cream. Well,it is just hard to tell just what wewill have as the ladies of Paris Chapter seem to know just what everybody likes.So, dear Stars, don't fail to bepresent. We will have music andsix "strangers," who are anxious toenter our mysterious gates, so bepresent and lend up a helping hand.MAMIE WAGONER, Sect.!FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFUTURISTWoman's Modern UndergarmentCOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS. i Automobile Delivery ' .iTHE DAM OTTTISTTATT TS AT T.AQT TVTR TAMTT.C TT TTTATirPflAW IT.SETTLED. 1T0UNGES CANDIDACY TOE AREPRESENTATIVEINTERESTING OIL NOTESFrance, at 3:14morning.The epochal meeting in the Hallof Mirrors began at 3:10 o'clock andthe German delegates, the first i$sign, affixed their signatures at 3:1$o'clock.They were followed by the American delegates, headed by President.Wilson, and then by the plenipoten:tiaries of Great Britain and France,Italy and Japan. The representatives of minor powers signed in alphabetic order.China's delegates did not attendthe session, declining to sign thetreaty, because they were .not permitted to make reservations.Signing of the peace treaty wasbegun at 10:30 o'clock, Washingtontime. The official report to the Statedepartment said President Wilsonsigned at 3:14 o'clock, Paris time.All the American delegation hadfinished signing at 3:15, immediatelyafter President Wilson, the officialreport said.President Wilson and the American delegation completed signing thepeace treaty at 3:14 o'clock, Paristime. It also was signed by Dr.Herman Muller at 3:12 and Dr.Johannes Bell at 3:13 for the Gerrimans. The American delegation,signed in this order: Secretary Lansing, Henry White, Colonel HouseianH CloTifirnl "RlissMr.. v- w. . --, ,The other delegations headed bythe British signed after the Ameri-cans in the order set forth in thetreaty.Premier Clemenceau put the direct'question to the Germans whetherthey were willing to sign and execute loyally all the terms. Theother delegates did not arise whenthe Germans came into the hall.General Jan Christian Smuts, oneof the delegates representing theunion of South Africa, signed thetreaty under protest. He objected tocertain territorial settlements, making a lengthy statement.General Smuts said that the indemnities stipulated could not be accepted without errave injury to the industrial rivival of Europe. He de- aand,clared it would be to the interest 'tr"the allied powers to render the stipulations more tolerable and moderate.At 3:44 o'clock cannon began toboom announcing the completion ofthe ceremony of signing. The signatures had not, however, as a matterof fact then been completed, for atthat time the smaller nations werestill signing in alphabetic order. Theproceedings were formally closed at3:49 o'clock.In this city, in response to thesuggestion made in a proclamationissued by Gov. Black, the ringing ofbells and other joyful demonstrations, signalled the receipt of officialnews attesting the signing of thepeace pact. The citizens congratulated each other on the streets.THE NEWS office telephones werekept busy answering inquiries frompeople residing near Paris as to thecause of the bells ringing.The Allied note to the German delegation dealing with ratification ofthe treaty by Germany was deliveredlate Friday afternoon. It is pointedout in the note, among other things,that withdrawal of the blockade ofGermany depends on ratification ofthe treaty.The pan-American Deutsche Zeitung, of Berlin, prints the followingacross its front page:"German honor to-day will be carried to its grave inthe Hall of Mirrors, in which, in the glorious daysof '71 the German Empire was resurrected in all its former splendor.Lest we forget! In restless labor theGerman people will again strive toattain that place among the nationsof the world to which it is entitled.Then vengeance for the disgrace of i1919!"The Tagblatt sayspeople reject the treaty which its delagtes are signing to-day, and it doesnot believe for a single moment thatit will endure. Despite the fact thatit is written on parchment, it remainsa scrap of paper because it is a mockery of all the laws of reason andmorals and the most disgraceful exhibit in the museum of civilization."The Co-operating Land and Development Company is moving a rig toBowling Green and expects to beginoperations -at once in the 'WesternKentucky field, where it has optionsand negotiations pending fora number of leases.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany is down about 200 feet withits initial ,,test well- on 'Jtichlandjcreek, in Johnson county. This wellis on property recently leased by theMutual Oil Refining Company and.which the Bourbon is operating.The Bourbon Oil & DeveloDmentCo. drilled in a 35 to 50 barrel wellon their Lewis Case lease in Elliottcounty last week. This lease adjoins another prosperous local oilcompany, The Little Banjo, which isdrilling two wells and prospects arevery bright, as their work is progressing nicely, and it is expectedthat they will bring in two nicewells in the near future.Barracks, officers' quarters andhangars at Call Feld will be used to'house the oil boom crowds in Wichita Falls, Texas, "The most overcrowded city in the United States."A message from Washington said arrangements were completed to havethe 150 planes at Call Field transferred and the property turned over tothe city as temporary quarters. It isestimated that more than 1,000 persons can be housed on this field. Manyfamilies are now living in tents.Meager reports reaching here fromElliott county are to the effect thatthe Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany has a new well in its Lewislease, which is of more than usualinterest because it indicates that apool of value may have been located.This well is said to be in the Kennerwhich recently has furnishedsome-good wells in Lawience county,said to produce as high as 250 barrels. This is the Bourbon's thirdwell in Elliott county. Its first onewas drilled about a year ago, buthas not been pumped, as there areno pipe line connections. This wellis said to have several hundred feetof oil standing in it, and was thoughtto be in the Berea grit, but now thequestion has been raised whether it isin the Berea or the Keener. It isabout the same depth as the newwell, a little over 1,000 feet. Thecompany's second well, which is onthe Gibson lease, lower down Middle Fork Creek, was brought in recently in the Berea grit and afterbeing shot is rated as a small producer. The Bourbon will drill twomore wells in this section under itspresent contracts and if they turnout well the company expects to inaugurate an extensive drilling campaign in this county, as it is believedthese developments will soon inducethe laying of a pipe line to furnish amarket for Elliott county production.oBANK MAKES GOOD SHOWING.The statement of t 3ourbon Agricultural Bank & Trust Co. is published elsewhere in this paper, showing condition of this bank at close ofbusiness June 30, 1919. This statement shows individual depositsamounting to $1,018,154.09, and assets of $1,603,816.73, with capitalstock, surplus and undivided profitsamounting to $345,627.10.Three new directors have beenelected to serve on the Board of thisbank within the last six months,James L. Dodge, Samuel Clay and W.0. Hinton.The business of the Bourbon Agri-r.nltnrnl "Rnnk & Trust Co. hasThe German ' has shown a steady growth since theI consolidation or uie duuiwu uaiu.Trust Co, and the Agricultural 5anKin 1915, and deposits have increasedmore than $400,000.A written contract has been sismedby the city of Paris and Mr. B. M. ! In. this issue of THE NEWS Mr.Renick, president of the Paris Milling ' James H. Thompson, one of the repre-'Company, regarding the construction sentative young farmers and bus!-of the new dam at or near the Mill- ness men of the county, makes piibing Company's plant, and which will lie announcement of his candidacypractically settle the much-disputed for the Democratic nomination, foraam, question. The contract makes Representative from Bourbon countythe stipulations that the Paris Water in the Lower House of the KentuckyCompany is to pay half the cost of Legislature, and will submit histhe new structure, and the Louis- claims to the voters of the countv forville & Nashville Railroad Company their acceptance at the primary elec-one-xnira. rnis leaves tfie Paris tion to be held in August.Milling Company to pay one-sixth of Mr. Thompson has seen a great dealthe cost, less the sum of $460 to be 'of public life, and has been, a power -pam oy me city. m the councils of the DemocraticYesterday a force of workmen,under the supervision of Louisville &Nashville engineers, began the pre-party in. all its struggles, whether.,city, county, State or National cam-.paigns. .tie was ior jour yearnminary woris on the dam by sink- Chairman of the Bourbon County;ing piling to hold back the refuse Democratic Committee and a memberand to be the foundation for the of the committee for eight years,'lalse work wnich will be the super-! during which time he gave of tn .structure of. the new dam. The engineers, have estimated that it willservices withQUt stint, deeming it,pleasure and a duty to do anythingrequire six weeKs to get the neces- he could for the Democratic partysary supplies on the ground, tear out j and for the people of the county. .the old dam, and begin the construe-' He has been a tireless and consistent?tiori of the new one, but that the worker in the interest of the, people.in 1-i.j.LLLg, iu acquit; nil cnjujitciuie io-,adjustment of the tax rate, and hain other ways placed himself on record as a servant of the people andnot one who would wish to becomea master or a "boss." Bourbon,county cannot do itself prouder thanto nominate and elect Mr. James H.Thompson to represent it in the Leg:islature. It is not believed that liewill have opposition, and, in view ofJiis eminent fitness for the office Itwould be fitting that he should besent to the Lower House by a nuanimous vote of the Democratic votersof the county.real construction work can be completed in fifteen days.oMANAGER WATCH RETUENSFROM CHICAGO CONVENTION.Mr. J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Co., has returned from athree-days convention of the UnitedStates Independent Telephone Association, which was held at Hotel LaSalle, Chicago, and reports this oneof the most interesting, and well-attendedconventions ever held sincethe Independents entered the telephone industry.Practically every State in the union was represented by several delegates and all of the important questions pertaining to the business wastaken up and discussed by the verybest talent of the country, with themain object in view, as to best methods to adopt in rendering good telephone service to the American peopleat reasonable rates, and at the sametime rates adequate to guaranteeinvestors a reasonable income on hisIn response to a call oh him toVmake the race for Representative,Hon, Claude M. Thomas declined todo so because of important businessengagements, which take him out ofthe State muchof the time.SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oHmoney, and providing a living wages stoves, ovens, porch shades, porch.to employes. iurniture, porcn rugs, etc. au tniMr. F. B. MacKinnon, of Washing- season's goods and of the beat maks,ton, was elected President, and Mr. out must be sold to make room forW. S. Vivian, of Chicago, was elected fal1 goods big reductions during;Secretary and Treasurer, and other J July.officers and directors were elected I E- M- WHEELER,from several different States, includ- ! d-tf ) Robneel Building.ing Mr. S. M. Heller, Louisville, Ky.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)oSOME FE5HERJMAN.WillpriceWOOL WANTEDpay highest marketSacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.RELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oLODGE NOTES.Mr. M. George "Daddy" Moore,l superintendent for many years of theMrs. Eliza Switzer, of Brooklyn,Ky., was fishing in Kentucky Kiver Kentucky Pythian Home, near Lexwhen she got a pull that felt as if i ington, has resigned his position tohe had caught a whale. She had . accept a similiar one as head of thei:quite a struggle, but finally got itsafe and found it was a 25-poundcatfish. She took the big fish, to Nicholasville and sold it for $5.,Kentucky Baptist Children's Home,at Glendale, Ky. His successor atthe Pythian Home has not beennamed.COMFORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, NOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. P. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,.poultry, hides and junk.j MUNICH & WIDES CO.,! (11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.WE KNOW HOWMid-SummerSUITSRcady-to-Wear !It takes a good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection.Palm BeachesMohairs andKobl KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer! outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREIIStetson HatsManhattan ShirtsNettleton ShotsDr. Rttd's CushionSoft Shoo--u'Jm-&&J-"4.iracffi twoEfHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationMailed Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00Payable in Adavance.fc.wuj'X' CHAMP. Editor and Owner.K&itored at the Paris, Kentucky,.Poatoffice as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theMarketer, standing or reputation o!luay person, firm or corporation whichpay appear in the columns of THEJBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrtctod if brought to attention of theMltor.ADVERTISING RATESjjiapiay Advertisements, $i.uo permen. for first time; 50 cents per Inchpach subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices, 10 cents per linefetch issue; reading notices in blackftrpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otheraoaiter for publication.Announcements for political officesadust invariably be accompanied byhe cash.EDITOBIAI MUSINGS.iAs Eegards Spelling..'The familiar old "Blue Backspeller" seldom is seen in the publiccchools of to-day. The'study of spelling has had its ups and downs ofpppular favor. Once it seemed to bethought that children would absorbspelling with the air of the schoolrom. Just now there is a revivaloi nterest in good orthography. All!klis of educational short-cuts arecontinually being tried with the feeling that somehow time can be saved,the clock cheated, and one or twoetra branches of study crammedd5wn the juvenile throat.It is a pretty good general principle that an important thing cannot' be taken up incidentally. Theluffnan mind will not follow twomain lines of attention at one timeand dp both of them systematically.The poor writer gets by nowadaysby using a typewriter. The poorspeller may possibly be able to buycorrect orthography by having a stenographer do his writing. But theproportion of people who have asecretary waiting around, note bookand sharpened pencil in hand totake their letters, is pretty small.A poorly spelled business letterstrikes you like the shabby suit ofclothes worn by the stranger. Theman- who wrote it may be able tomake good, but the bad spellingcarries a suggestion of incompetency.A badly spelled social letter givesthe feeling of slovenliness, and youcan almost imagine the writer wearing the latest Paris styles, but bailing to keep her face clean.The trouble is not so much withthe long words that you have to lookup in the dictionary anyway. It is"with thp tricky, little short words,the ever-puzzling questions likewhether it is "ei" or "ie."I2i jrassuig oi uuiviuij.There should be something paid ofthe lack of courtesy shown by someaf the men of Paris to the ladieswiien. passing them on the street.There are a number of men, andsome o them our most prominentbusiness men, who are very carelessin this matter.Not long ago a-well-known ladywas walking up the street. She meta gentleman whom she knew quitewell. She spoke to him. - He noddedand passed on, but did not raise hishat. A few days later they metagain. The lady loked at him asshe would look at a total strangerand passed on. It is needless to saythat the gentleman learned his lesson and now is exceedingly politeand is careful to lift his hat when hemeets a lady, particularly the onementioned.And so it should be. Ladies, demand the respect that is due you andyou will get it. Speak to no manwho will not show you the courtesyof raising his hat to you.A Midsummer's Tale.It used to be an old-time joke,that some people were so fond ofnewspapers that they even read theadvertisements. That might haveheen a humorous remark years ago.At that period some merchantswould run an advertisement for a-whole year unchanged. Clothingdealers would start in advertisingJanuary first with a notice of overcoats for sale, and keep it runningia July.To-day people read the advertisements as a matter of business. Thewoiaen read it just as a farmer readswheat and pork prices or as a bankerreads the financial reports. Theythorohy get iaeas as w uow mc usave on housenom or perbouai eiyeu-s6. Probably a majority of the wo-Hituni first to the advertising oftheir favorite merchants, and thenread the news later.The men also read the advertisingcerfully. Even if they have no business enterprise of their own, theyare interested in the advertising as areflection of the business life of thetown.Hence it is perhaps unnecessary tosuggest to the readers of THE NEWSthat its advertising columns areworthy of careful attention. Stillit is worth while to say that there isno time when advertising is worthsuch careful attention as in midsummer. All kinds of merchants havethe proposition before them of cleaning out their stocks before coolweather come on. That requirespublicity. The goods will not movethemselves. The public must be-toldabout them and in detail.The story of what is happening inthe stores will be found in the advertising columns of this newspaper.Most of the readers are seeing it, andit will repay their scrutiny.A Bumper Crop of OratoryA Washington correspondent advises that the prospect is good for anoverwhelming crop of Congressionaloratory. The outlook has never beenany better. It is intended to use theoutput in a general campaignthroughout the United States. Boththose against and those favorable tothe League of Nations will send enormous number of speeches to peoplein every hamlet in the land. So wesuppose the old "franking system"will be a popular habit with thisCongress. No one seems to desire itsend except the people on the outside.oPLANT THINGS EOE THE CHILDREN. If there are any children on yourplace plant some of the. things thatchildren specially like to eat. I don'tmean by this just plain, everydayfield crops and vegetables, but the"real good" things. Watermelonsand canteloupes in abundanc forsummer use. Popcorn and peanutsfor winter. I would say berries andgrapes and orchard fruits and nuts,if it were not now too late for thesething3.All of these things, of course, areworth growing for the satisfaction ofthe grown-ups, and for the profitthere is in growing them; but ifthere was never a cent to be had outof them, the satisfaction the childrenget out of them would make themworth while. The farm without anorchard is only half a home. Thefarmer who has no vineyard or nostrawberry patch does not exactlyunderstand what farming is done for.The place with no nut trees in thewoods or along the fences is a sadlyincomplete place. The system offarming that fails to take childishappetites into consideration is a radically defective system.Make the farm a real home for thechildren a place at which they willlook back with love in after years ifthey leave it You can do no betterfarming than this.oMAKING THEM AMERICANS(St. Paul Dispatch.)The Wisconsin Bridge and IronCompany of Milwaukee has the rightidea. It thinks that a man who cannot speak the common language ofthe country is neither a good American nor an efficient worker. Andso it has taken a very interestingstep designed to Americanize itsnon-English speaking employes. Ithas arranged with a Milwaukee vocational board to credit all non-Eng-ilshspeaking workmen with onehour's pay for every two devoted tothe study of English. The man whoworks eight hours at the plant, andwho attends a night school twohours in the evening receives pay fornine hours of work. It is very wellworth his while to learn to speakEnglish not only because he is paidfor the learning, but because anyworker suffers a serious handicapwho cannot make himself understoodin, and cannot understand, the language of the country.This Wisconsin corporation willget its money's worth. Its employeswill not only be better Americans,but far more efficient Americans.oBANKERS PROTEST SENDINGMONEY BY AIRPLANES.J. W. Harriman, president of theHarriman National Bank, of NewYork, in a statement, said that $63,000 of the bank's money lost in transit from New York to Chicago byaero mail recently was in the formof checks and drafts which wereburned when a mail plane was destroyed at Cleveland on May 25.He added that it was several daysbefore bank officials t were able tolearn what had become of the checksand drafts, which had been mailed toChicago via train."We asked the Postoffice Department to make an inquiry," Mr. Harriman said, "and then we comparednotes with other New York banks,making the discovery that otners hadalso lost Attention was called to thefact that the day after we mailedthe letters an airplane carrying mailwas burned over Cleveland and afterpressing matters at Washington wesecured admission that the mail hadbeen forwarded by airplane."We simply don't want them to experiment in the air with money."o"Beware of small expenses; a smallleak wiU sink a gre&t ship'.saidrj,nklin. He knew.T5E BOTTSBOU NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYAMERICA'S INFLUENCE AMONGNATIONS DEPENDS ON THRIFTOF INDIVIDUALS.A nation, like a man, has somekind of a reputation. In order toachieve any standing in the worldthat reputation must be good and itmust be earned.Just now the good standing andthe reputation of America among thepeoples of the earth was never better. In fact, it was never -tiuite tohigh as now. The main thing is tokeep it so.We went into the war with motives as clean as any nation thatever went into any war. We wentinto it to maintain our reputation before the world. We had been bulliedby the Huns for a good while. Wehad tried arguments tried turningthe other cheek. Germany had outraged us, had scoffed at and humiliated us. There was an open beliefin Hun-land that we were gold-worshippers,money chasers, indifferentto everything save our money andour own selfish, comfort. And it isa regrettable fact that the world hadbegun to swing over to Germany'sway of thinking.We changed that, so swiftly andso effectively, that such memories arealmost forgotten. League of Nationsor not, it will be many a long daybefore another Imperial upstart seekstrouble with America. What happened to the Kaiser and his junkerswhen they finally brought us intothe war will remain in the memoriesof man for a mighty long time.Foreign nations know now, whatthey expected or feared. That America once aroused is always willing tothrow in every man and every dollarand that her resources are so greatas to be night well limitless.Now, we have won the goldenopinion of the world, let us set towork to hold it. We have a lot ofobligations growing out of this war.Some of them are legal, some of themare financial and some of them aremoral. All of these obligations arevital and imperative. Some of themhave to do with the future of thenation and the trend of the worldin the days to come.Some of these obligations, many ofthem in fact, can be met with hardcash. Those should be' the veryeasiest for us to deal with. We havethe money in this country to dealwith them. Our financial strengthwas not strained by the war.We have bills to pay and loansthat must be paid for the rebuildingand rehabilitation of our allies. Andall the while we must meek in mindthat the Allies were fighting ourbattles for us, long before we camein to take our own part. The Belgians were fighting for us at Liegeback in 1914. The Britons werefighting for us at Liege back in 1914.The Briton's were dying for us atMons in that same year, but wenever knew it.The French were holding for us atVerdun, but we refused to realize itthen, though we had begun to suspect the truth. They were fightingour fijrht for us. and we would be anation of ingrates if we refused totake these things into account, .nowthat the war is over.The way to hold the good opinionof the world is to hold up our end,pay our debts, take care of our obligations and see that the weakerfolk among our Allies get a chance.It is then an obligation that finallycomes back to each and all of us, individually. To fail to do these things now willamount to throwing away all thatwe have won at the expense ofblood and much treasure. Theremust be no letting up now that wehave won the fight.An improvident people cannot finish the job that has been cut out forus. If the United States is to bethe paramount power of this world,and exert the influence that it canand should, this country must continue to be prosperous.The prosperity of a nation depends upon the prosperity of the individuals comprising the nation. Ifthe people are improvident the nation is impotentThe administration, even beforeJie war was won. began the reconstruction work. And the ablest financiers and the greatest statesmenr worked out the plans to inculcatethrift among the masses.It was to reach the masses thatthe War Savings Stamp and theThrift Stamp were brought into existence. The Treasury Departmentwanted to give to the man with thesmallest amount of money to investiust as attractive an offer as itmade to the millionaire. That waswhy the baby bonds were made tobear four per cent, with interestcompounded quarterly. And a moreliquid investment can not be made.The interest adds itself automatically . If adversity should come, andthe holder really has to sell, he maycash his securities on ten days'notice. The Treasury Departmentstill further protects the man with asmall amount to invest, by making itimpossible for an individual to acquire more than $1,000 of the securities in any one year.Any postmaster or bank will beglad to explain all the details of theWar Savings plan.oReflections of a Baldhead.Instead -of the hairs of our head being numbered, we would prefer to havethem fastened in better. Boston Transcript. Put your money where it will dodouble duty for you in War Savings Stamps.KENTUCKY CROP REPORT.With numerous reports of short orpoorly filled heads and some damagefrom rust and lodging, Kentucky'swheat crop promises 14,707,000bushels compareG to a prospect earlyin May for 15,257,000 bushels. Lastyear the final yield turned out 12,129,000 bushels, while the 5-year average, 1913-17 inclusive, was only9,862,000 bushels. The heaviestdamage has been, appearantly, inSouthwestern and Western Kentucky. Oats did not do so well during thecold, wet weather, in May, as mighthave been expected, but are now doing well, except too badly drownedout. The condition is now 96 percent, of normal, and the acreageabout 388,000 acres, 3 per cent, lessthan in 1918, indicating a production of about 10,429,440 bushels.Rye shows a condition of 98 percent, of normal. With about 62,000acres in the State to be harvested forgrain this indicates a production ofapproximately 856,716 bushels.Barley acreage in Kentucky thisyear is about 2 per cent, less than in1918, or about 6,860 acres, probablydue to increased burley tobaccoacreage. Practically all the barley inKentucky is grown in the Blue Grasscounties. Condition of barley is 96per cent, of normal, indicating a production of about 203,554 bushels.Hay has made fine growth, butmuch of the first cutting of alfalfawas badly damaged by wet weather.Condition of clover is 96 per centwith the acreage about 3 per cent,less than in 1918. Alfalfa conditionis 96 per cent., because many farmers had to delay the first cutting until the second growth shoots from thecrown got so long they were clippedby the mower. The acreage is aboutthe same as in 1918.Apples are irregular. Many orchards had practically all apples killed by the late freezes, but someorchards have a fair crop. The average is about 35 per cent, of a crop.Peaches are about 33 per cent, of acrop, while pears are only aboutJ6per centPastures are excellent all over theState. Truck crops are growing fine,but melons were severely checked bythe cold, wet weather in May., Blackberries promise a bumper crop practically all over the State.H. F. BRYANT,"" , Field Agent.REDS IN SUNDAY SCHOOL.(Brooklyn Standard-Union.)It is distinctly disturbing to learnthere are 15 Sunday Schools regularly in operation in Brooklyn inwhich principles of Bolshevism aretaught and encouraged to believe inthat fantastic doctrine given to hundreds of boys and girls. Theseschools are Socialistic in their originand largely Socialistic in their purpose, but they go much further thanAmerican Socialists are in the habitof going by praising Bolshevism andacclaiming Lenine and Trtotzky. Noris that all. They uphold men convicted for flouting the laws, thus creating the spirits of insurrection andbringing into contempt our system ofgovernment and those charged withits conduct.It requires no fine vision to ?eewhere this thing will lead to. Thecertain fruits of filling the minds ofthe young with the poison of Bolshevism, with class hatred, with disregard for the law and disrespectfor our form of government are anarchy. - These boys and girls willgrow up in tne Dener iney snouiaresist all authority and not hesitatefeo plunge the country into chaos inorder to promote their political andeconomical ideas.The world has seen what a redterror Bolshevism is. It has prostrated Russia and is gnawing at thefoundations of other Governments.The threat is here is actually inthis city and in other communities,especially the large industrial centers. There should be a way to closethese "Sunday Schools," just as thereare means of combatting the' growthof Bolshevism. This barbarous thingmust be challenged and one methodof doing so is by exposing its wickedness, its utter disregard for liberty and property.HER EIItST REAL MONEY"This card represents my first realmoney," recently said a farmer'swife, with an odd look of mingledpride, depreciation and somethinglike triumph."At home, as a girl, I had nomoney. Mother bought things forus with whatever money father gaveher. Since I've been married it'sbeen much the same. I've got thingsat the town stores and Jim's paid thebills for them. Even my eggs andjbutter money nas gone, as a rule, tohelp with the household upkeepturned in on the grocery bill, usually. I've never seemed able to holdon to a penny."But when the War SavingsStamps came along I said to myself:"Here's your chance, Mary!" andnow I buy War Savings Stamps regularly, take 'em in chance as regularly as sell chickens or cash thecreamery check at the bank. I'vefilled several cards already, and Ican tell you I gloat over 'em! Whenthese War Savings Stamps mature,I'll have real money of my own."oMoney spent is money gone invest m,war Savings Stamps it stay3 'with you. cCLUB MEMBERS GRADUATEOne hundred and fifty club members of the boys' and girls' clubs, received their certificates at London,Ky., June 14, This big group ofyoungsters, who had finished agriculural objects in the growing of corn,potatoes or soy beans, in canning, inhandling chickens, pigs, sheep orother live stock, came from Clay,Knox, Whitley, Laurel and Bell counties. They came with their countyagents not only to receive their certificates rolled up with fancy ribbons, but also to spend the day together and to attend a banquet inthe evening with regular speakers.During the afternoon baseball, basketball and tennis were enjoyed.This event is one of the first big gettogether meetings of the boys andgirls, but others are sure to follow.We're Willing, if the Voters Are.For a man who wants to live to goodold age the best profession to pick istbat of president of the UnitedStates. Their average life is seventyyears. Columbia State.Evolution of Heroes.Great men need to be lifted uponthe shoulders of the whole world, inorder to conceive their great ideas orperform their great deeds; that is,there must be an atmosphere of greatness round about theim. A hero cannot be a hero unless in a heroic world.Hawthorne.LostA gold bar pin, set with smallpearls and emeralds. Intrinsicallythis pin is of no great value, butmeans much to the owner on accountof being a present from a loved onenow gone. A suitable reward willbe given for its return to this office.WantedAntique Mahogany Furniture,Sideboard, Grandfather's Clock andDavenport. Call Cumberland Phone135, Paris. Ky. (27-2t)Celery PlantsFine lot of Celery Plants of suchbrands as Self-Bleaching, WhitePlume and Giant Pascal, at 50 centsper hundred.(27-2t) LAVIN & CONNBLL.LostPurple bag containing valuablejewelry, between Frankfort andGeorgetown, or Georgetown and Lexington. Return to Mrs. W. L. Petty,240 Rhodes avenue, Lexington, andreceive liberal reward.(27-3t)FoundLeather pocket memorandumbook, containing a small sum ofmoney, a note for $100 and some other papers, and a traveling card issued by St. John Commandery No. 89,of Maysville, to James Collins, Treasurer. Call or address this office.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. B. CRAVEN.Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize In theFITTING OP KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones. Paris, Ky.TAXNOTICE!The office of the Tax Commissioner Of Bourbon fJnnnfcvwill be open July 1st to assessproperty. Under the law it isthe duty of all voters and property owners to call at our officein the Court House and give mtheir lists. Come in and complywith the law and save penalty.Do it now TO-DAY.WALTER CLARKE,Tax Commissioner.J. J. REDMON,-Deputy. -june27-tf) J .TUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919.X3SSurtonJs i1 Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.AGENT EOR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND- SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe for1J! making delicious Ice Cream,im Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice CreamK (Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.jiji Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOX.CANDIES.For the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONI3chk::x:-:sxiAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.J. FEEAGENTA Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat50cthe yard.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.Wilmoth'sFreshHome: Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376--r r f fMTUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919.THE BOURBOH NEWS, PAWS, KETOffCKIMICKIE SAYStvcjNJt , QjiT KP ivr, KC& rr ..THAT OLD HPsB.0-eOi t tsEGG NNHO'S BACK SIX VEAfcSWIN VHb SUBSCR.PTVQha ii rrCOME M AFTER AJE SEENTHREATENS' -T c.vc ..7'N HE MANtEDTuP ft ',TO TWROVSJ OFF fiOMETHXN1wn iHfe BUL BECU2 if WUZow uargeu KIM VOV)PSATlT ? f'Wt FJUGMEHEfoME, MKKIE! ITHOUGHT youWERE REALLYSir-'UST OF CANDIDATES IN" THE AUGUST PMMARY.FRANKFORT, KY., June 30. Acomplete list of candidates of bothparties who will strive for nominations in the August primary is asfollows :SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.""" "" "" "b?A(rE thxxiComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.PEfjl rASAIKBOW DIVISION BAITD ATTHE BLUE GRASS FAIRThe famous Rainbow DivisionBand, of forty-two pieces, has beenengaged by the Blue Grass Fair Association to furnish the music for theentire fair this year, opening with asacred concert Sunday evening,August 31, and playing daily and inthe evening of every day until thefair is over, September 6.The Rainbow Division Band is oneof the most famous of the Americanmilitary bands, and has been in muchdemand since its return to this country. The member participatedin seven battles, including the Argonne, Chatteau Theirry, and St.Mihiel, wherever the members of theRainbow Division, the first across,were engaged.Democratic Candidates.Governor Jas. D. Black, Barbourville; John D. Carroll, New Castle;P. J. Noel, Harrodsburg.Lieutenant Governor R. C. Oldham, Winchester; W. H. Shanks, ofStanford.Secretary of State Matt S. Cohen,Lexington; D. C. McQueary, PineKnott; Frank, P. Hager, Paintsville.Attorney General Frank E.Dauerhertv. Bardstnwn kua nMusick, Jackson; Allan Wilson Baker, McKee; R. W. Linanby, Princeton.Auditor Andrew Clark Vance,Henderson; Henry M. Bosworth, Lexington; John W. Rawlings, Danville;J. P. W. Browse, Somerset.Treasurer Henry F. Turner, Wickliffe. m Superintendent of Public Instruction L. E. Foster, HopkinsviUe; R.S. Eubank, Lexington; W. P. King,Newport.Commissioner nf ArrinnifiiiaJohn W. Newman, Versailles: JamesP Cecil, Danville.Clerk of the Court of AppealsWilliam B. O'Connell, Newport; Alvm Steger, Owenton; John A. Goodman, Elkton.Railroad Commissioner, First Disnct B. N. Gordon, Madisonville ;John R. Catlett, Princeton ; Frank NBurns, Paducah; John C. Duffy, HopkinsviUe. Railroad fiom-missirmoT caAnjDistrict Sid T. Douthitt, New CastleRailroad Commissioner, Third District E. 0. Kast, Jackson.Congress, Eighth District Charlesa. xiaram, narroasburg.Republican Candidates.Edwin P. Morrow, Som-S. ThurstonProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAMAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS'-c?THE PRICEof our Optical Work is always fair,but the price, of course, is of secondary consideration when you compareit with careful examination andPROPERLY FITTED GLASSES.You can be sure of both if youcome to see us. Good eyesight is ofsuch importance that you should notneglect your eyes.DR. 0. L. FRYE,Eyesight Specialist,(21mar-tf-F)Paris. Ky.CHIEFJUSTICE JOHN D. CARROLLDemocratic CandLMat Fr jGOVERNORj He Can Win n November.(june20-5t)Governorerset.Lieutenant GovernorBallard, Louisville.Secretary of State Fred A.Vaughan, Paintsville.Auditor John J. Craig, Covington. Treasurer James A. Wallace, Irvine.Attorney General George W. Jolly, Owensboro; Charles I. Dawson, ofPineville.Superintendent of Public Instruction George Colvin, Springfield.Commissioner of AgricultureWilliam Calloway Hanna, Shelbyville. Clerk of the Court of AppealsRoy B. Speck, Bowling Green.Congress Eighth District KingSwope, Danville.Railroad Commissioner First District James A. Miller, Wickliffe.Railroad Commissioner, SecondDistrict W. W. Jesse, Shelbyville:J. b. Cooper, Somerset.Railroad Commissioner, Third Dis-cfc7ohn. B- Eversole, Hazard:Clay Cisco, Mt. Sterling.oDIZZINESS IS ANNOYINGAs Many Paris People Know Toowell.When the kidnevs n.r wp1t n disordering, they fall behind in filtering-tne blood or poison. As these poisons attack the nerves, the result isieiL in spens or vertigo, just asdrunkenness will make a ma-n dizzyix om tne poisoning of alcohol. Dizziness, headache, backache and irregularity of the kidney secretions areall signs of weak or disordered kidneys and should not be neglectedUse Doan's Kidney Pills, the homeendorsed kidney remedy. Read thisParis resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few vea.rs a or.I suffered severely with kidney complaint ana some times was in a serious condition. I had a. constant rtniiache across the small of mv back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaints."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oTHRIFT A HERITAGE OF WAR"Government securities afford thesafest and most practical investmentin the world," said RepresentativeWilliam S. Howard, of Georgia. AWar Savings Stamp is a promisorynote for $5.00 if redeemed at maturity, or of the original cost of thestamp plus accrued interest if redeemed before maturity."It was only after America entered the grat world conflict that thesmall wage earner in this countryhas been afforded the opportunity ofinvesting in Government securties, ofbecoming co-partners with the Government. That there are to-day morethan 20,000,000 holders of Government securities as compared with 3,000,000 before the war is a factwhich speaks for itself. v vWhen, you buy a War SavingsStamp it is a proof of patriotism andalso a practical manifestation of thatspirit of national thrift and individual savings which has come. to usas a permanent heritage from thewar."' oFRATERNAL SOCIETIES ENMr. Edward Burke has returnedfrom a business trip to points inMissouri.Mrs. Anna Dimmitt has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. C. L. Durbin,in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcrafthad as guest several days Mr. Parker, of Boston, Mass.. Mrs. Walter Martin has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Russell Dyche, in London, Ky.Miss Mabel Templin has returned from a visit to her aunt, Mrs.Rose, in" Greenville, Ohio.Mr. W. 0. McClure. of Memphis.Tenn., is a guest of his parents, Dr."and Mrs. P. L. McClure, near Paris.Mrs. R. S. Starks, of Versailles,is a guest of her sisters, Mrs. EmilyParker and Mrs. Mary Hibler, in thiscity.. Mr. Burkitt C. Chinn, who is attending Yale University, New Haven,onn., is at Home for the summer Jvacation.Mr. Arthur B. Hancock returned Sunday from New York City,where he had been several days on acombined business and pleasuretrip.Miss Lucille Frank has returnedto her home in Talledega, Fla., aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Mc-Curdy, in this city.Mrs. C. W. Hammonds, of Flemingsburg, is a guest at the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. C. F. Ramey, onVine street, in this city.Miss Jeanette Scott, of Washington City, D. C, who has been a guestof her great-uncle, Mr. John B.Northcott, in this city, for severaldays, has gone to Indiana to visit relatives before returning to her home.UNITED STATES PLANS TO FORTIFY TEXAS BORDER.Mrs. Harry H. Hancock anddaughter, Miss Virginia, and Mrs.Henry A. Power and daughter, MissSara Power, of this city, wereamong those from this section whoattended the sessions of the Methodist Centenary held at Columbus,Ohio, last week.Prof. C. Prentice Lancaster, ofthis city, who has recently returnedfrom Harrison, Ohio, where he wasprincipal of the Harrison PublicSchool, is one of the leaders amongthe boys at the Y. M. C. A. camp,Camp Daniel Boone, near ValleyView, on the Kentucky river.Mrs. Chas. A. Snyder anddaughter, Miss Marie Louella Snyder,who spent the winter with Mrs.Snyder's father, Mr. Wm. F. Bryan,will leave this week to join Mr.Snyder in Louisville. Mr. Snyder isa prominent druggist in Louisville.They will be at home at 232 Stiltzavenue.(Other Personals on Page 5)oBRONZE SERVICE MEDALS FORAMERICAN SOLDIERS.Men who served ninety days in theSpanish-American War or on theMexican border during 1916 and1917 will be given bronze medalssignifying that service, according toan order just received by the Armyrecruiting office in Lexington from"the war department. Applicationfor these medals will be made to theAdjutant-General of the Armythrough military channels.Men who served ninety days in theregulars, the volunteers, or the national guard, under orders of thePresident, and who are not eligiblefor the Spanish Campaign Badge,will be in line for the Spanish-American War Service Medal, as it is called. Officers and men in both theregulars and the national guard whoserved on the border between January 1, 1916 and April 6, 1917, -willbe eligible for the Mexican BorderService Medal.oWHO'S GOT THE BUTTON?v' DORSE W. S. S.At the recent conclave of theGrand Commahdery Knights Templar of Missouri, at Moberly, resolutions urging the Commanderies andthe individual members to invest inWar Savings Stamps were unanimously adopted. A few days beforethe Grand I. O. O. F, at St. Louis,took similar action. With these two,tTw oldest and most powerful fraternal nre-a-nizations on earth, endorsingc - . -. ,.- 0the Thrift movement, tne sales or w. dresses were made- of technical inS. S. are looking up. terests to laundrymen and employes.Throughout Missouri, Arkansasand Kentucky men are wearing ontheir coat lapels and women on theirwaists button of a new design. Bothare attractive and each is significant.The smaller button, not quite solarge as a dime, possess much artistic beauty. In the center, on ablack background, appears in awarm brown, a miniature portrait ofBenjamin Franklin. In a circle surrounding it, on a brown background,and in letters of gold are the words"War Savings Society." The otherbutton is somewhat larger. It isabout the size of a nickle. The background is a solid lusterous blue, andin gold letters, easily distinguishableappears W. S. S.The smaller button signifies thewearer is a member of a War SavingsSociety, while the larger button indicates he is a casual buyer of WarSavings Stamps. The numbers ofthese buttons are increasing daily.oLAUNDRY OWNERS' CONVENTIONCLOSES AT LEXINGTON.The twenty-fifth annual convention of the Laundry Owners' Association of Kentucky closed, after sessions of two days at Lexington, withthe election of the following officers: Russell Broaddus, of Louisville,president; J. J: Owen, Fulton, vicepresident; George Dusser, Louisville,secretary-treasurer.Louisville was chosen for the 1920convention. The Salvation Armydrive was indorsed and a ?50 subscription was given. Several ad--O-INSTATES MAY USE LIQUORTIME OF EPIDEMICS.Under an amendment to the prohi-Dition enforcement bill, approved bythe house judiciary committee aState would be permitted to withdraw, tax free, from Governmentwarehouses alcohol produced at industrial plants and needed by healthauthorities in time of epidemics. Inoffering the amendment representative Goodykoontz, Republican, ofWest Virgina, called attention to thesituation last year during the Spanish Influenza epidemic and said, inmany cases physicians had usedwhisky as the best and most available remedy.Another amendment approved bythe committee provide that patentmedicines contain more than onehalf of one per cent, of alcohol mustbe "unfit for use for beverage pur-1poses." IWASHINGTON, June 30. Completion) of forts and housing accommodations along the Mexican border,undertaken by the War Departmentto ameliorate the trials of the troopsT???n? of8 P013 rill give theUnited States its first real fortifiedtrontier.Regularly established army postsalong the international boundarynT u1 more "than two score, withprobably as many more outpost positions, eaach accommodating a troopof cavalry or an infantry platoon,ihe three-years watch of the American troops led the War Departmentfinal y to decide that permanenthousing should be furnished. .Ihe cost of this construction to theGovernment has been small, Maj.,M osey C. Cabell, command-fiX1 the camps in his Irind a Ymcn, ere De abandoned and to claim any materialEnrhuidiSs werT transported to the border and re-erectedby the troops. Only a very smallquantity of new lumber and equipment was used. pflWni'nl . . . .iixr -k iaps just issued by theI iSLPepr?nent designate the fol-""is.puinis as "army posts."California San YsidoPalm CitvCompo, Tecate and Calexico. Y'TV7nT-Pma Ajo, Arivaco, Ft.sica, ucniei ana j?t. Douglas.JEl Paso, Fort Hancock,fvKSpRaCharfa' CandelariofW SQRa.nch Rnisdosa, TerlinguaGlenn Springs, Del Rio, Fort ClarkEasrle Pas twi; t ' t. V,lttrKMine .lorDaCpaSSBem-n r10n' Jrt Knggold,' Santemu), Camp Mercedes, HarlinjytdnBrownsville and Fort Brown-oPACIFIC FLEET TO CRUISE TOWEST COAST.WASHINGTON. June 30 Therecently established Vofn i4.now being organized from vesselsheretofore forming a part of theton KnZTe11 il from Hampton Roads for the west coast betweenJuly 15 and 20, Secretary Danielsannounced. y camelsMr. Daniels probably will be apassenger on one of the warshipsmaking the trip to the Pacific throughthe Panama Canal.win a suPer4readnought New Mexicowill fly Admiral Hugh Rodman's flagas flagship of the Pacific fleet, andflagship of. the Atlantic fleet. Thecomposition of the two fleets, Secretary Daniels announced, will be madepublic withm a few daysthJwn0 fl?et.upon reachingthe Western coast, will visit San Di-SSJmS Anf?eles', San Francisco andESSLTJ1 make the Iast op atAnW able t0 maethe trip, will visit the Pacific coasta view to making recommendations toJwST makm?ecommendatins toCongress next December for necessary changes. ei.e&s-Jn aouncing the date of depart-ton P6 Paf fLC ?Ieet from Hampton Roads, which is about a monthearlier than previously contemplatedSecretary Daniels said he had "planned on visiting the Pacific coast inAugust and that he therefore wouldmake every effort to go with the fleetin order to study the scope of contemplated improvements of navalfacilities at the Panama Canal JtJwLeafne at lhe Nayy departmentthat extensive changes would be necessary m the naval establishment inthe canal zone, especially on thePacific s de. to tni . " ely augmented Parific fleet. "MT. ROOSEVELT.It is altogether fitting that thehighest peak in the Black Hills ofSouth Dakota should be rechristenedMt. Theodore Roosevelt. The ceremony will take Dlace jiv 4 -pi,this majestic summit can be seen thevigorous countrv whPw Q h,-o. ..isought to secure a more sturdy bodym which to dwell. It seems as if nature, in that vast silence, held thegreat secret she revealed to the worldthe budding and blossoming of onewhom she knew was to be one of hernoblest and best. From the bosomof the wild hills the young Americannursed the very vieror and onirH nfAmerica and from the freedom of thevast plains he felt the inspiration ofAmerican liberty.Born elsewhere, his real cradlewas the Black Hills of South Dakota,for there he grew to man's stntA fiffor the great work before him.Mt. Theodore Roosevelt will typify the towering strength of American patriotism and the possibilitiesof American manhood. As the Almighty rears one mountain peakabove all others, so He rears oneman above others, in character, individuality and power.-The mortal remairis of a trnlvgreat man may lie in the tomb, buthis soul lies majestically to the heavens like the towering peak of Mt.Theodore Roosevelt.TERTHE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient -themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household, conveniences.Wfri&i)t!r ?cats t.he fresh water as ?t mns fromJ;raJi?ieSjg9 the mam. Opening the faucet startsA S?E!2:j2ri3za2Jjr the heaterhot water flows until theiMlUTCHATlU faucet is closed. That stops expense.gas water mm gZS&SJgt-mAFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORNMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.No reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-strongThe Rengo Belt feature oftailoring hat become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO,Asw3$gP?s LA U 'vi 8 rr r 1) S 11 V uIII I I I xl ;Kentucky Carlsbad Springs HotelKentucky's Famous Health ResortNature's Remedy vKentucky Carlsbad Springs, famous for its wonderful results in ',treatment of Rheumatism, Brights' Disease, Bladder, Kidney and StomachTrouble, Auto Intoxication, Diabetes and Neutritis. fciomacnWhen run down from over attention in business and nervous -ntration, many receive quick and permanent relief from the qa r y2Kentucky Carlsbad Water. tne use of thePeople who are afflicted with the above disease come from nPriall parts of the United States to drink Kentucky Carlsbad Water Jtake the mineral baths. The best testimony is the many leadin- nwLsicians who are now recommending the use of Carlsbad WaterAnother Strang testimonial as to the virtue of the famon TrtorCarlsbad Water is the thousands of satisfied customers who SJusing this water in their homes. "" owKentucky Carlsbad Water is pumped from the earth at a denih nf1,100 feet and contains all the health giving properties ffiat makSthename Carlsbad famous. We ship Kentucky Carlsbad Water diretftdhconsumer. uirecc lo-oneThe Kentucky Carlsbad Springs is located on the Dixie Highwav'anthe Cincinnati Southern Railroad, is 35miles from Ctap5mi7 ; S 7Jiifrom Lexington, and 107 miles from Louisvilll. Cincinnati, 50 mileThis Hotel is equipped will all modern conveniMirpa in.Baths, .Ste4m-Vapors hot and cold showers cooling Sd SekinJ 2adjoining bath rooms. 6 aressing" roomWe invite the traveling public to stop andCarlsbad Water and make use of our rest Tooms.ree uus meets an trains. 8H5lMtotfEQI?jIldrink free KentuckyiK-rKentucky Carlsbad Springs HotelDry Ridge, Ky.1V.:8lititmM?.l3C It3,iW;i1 iRA1ft ih5- ' 1Pi,.'XPAGE P0TJ1"V"iSf i ! ' ' ! -TUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919.THE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, EEHTOCKTTHE CHAUTAUQUA.lBMilMMflMIGay colored triangular streamers,stretched across Main, street, andbanners bearing the legend, "Paris'3ig Chatauqua, July 8," with otherattractive advertising matter, tell ofthe near approach of the annualChautauqua. This is an event thatalways draws large crowds to Paris..The program has heen published inlarge display advertisements inTHE NEWS, reference to which willshow it to he one of the most attractive that the local people have yetIhad. The work will be put on hereat the Paris Grand Opera House, and"will he, as heretofore, under the auspices of the White & Myers Chautauqua System, of Kansas City.Season tickets for the week have.heen placed on sale at a number ofplaces in this city at the followingrates: Adults, $2.20; children, $1.10,"war tax included. Get yours now andavoid the rush, which is sure tocome.oBEMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY.vmJWLininL9NmPorch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)SAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ON PALMBEACH SUITS.Our Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right. Putone on and save from $3.00 to $5.00.L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.oAUTO STOLEN HERE IS POUND INOHIO TOWN.Stolen from near the carnivalgrounds, an Winchester street, inParis, where it had been parked, amachine belonging to Mr. NewtonRankin, of Carlisle, was located inDayton, Ohio, by the Dayton police,who wired Chief of Police Link, inthis city, to that effect. The car"bore the license tag number 56,514.The tag had heen removed and thetop, it was stated, had been sold inCynthiana by the thief, in order toget a supply of gasoline to take himinto Cincinnati. The Dayton policestated that they had the thief underarrest, and that he had amitted hisguilt.The machine had been driven toParis by Mr. Grover Herrington anda party of friends from near Carlisle,who came here to attend the carnivalTuesday night. The machine hadheen left parked on Winchesterstreet near the carnival grounds.When the young people looked fortheir car to make the trip homewardit was gone.Later messages to the Paris policegive the information that the driverof the stolen machine had given hisname as Robert Martin, aged eighteen, residence Lexington. He is being held by the Dayton police forthe Bourbon county authoritiea.Martin confessed his guilt, detailingthe circumstances attending thetheft of the machine.oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN PURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods, and of the best makes,"but must be sold to make room forfall goods the big reductions during July.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oRAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.Mr. J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone Company, sold to Mr. Ed. T. Rule, of theMetropolitan Life Insurance Co.'sforces, a nice cottage on. Fithian avejiue, in White Adition, at a pricesaid to be about $3,000. Mr. Ruleand. family will move to the propertyin March, 1920, at which time theywill be given possession.Harris & Speakes sold at privatesale last week to Mrs. William Cainthe one-story frame house at Eleventh a-nd High streets, belonging tothe Lenihan estate, for $2,000.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts. o-FALSE ALARM AGAIN.The fire department was calledout Sunday afternoon by an alarmfrom Box 34. The department madehurry-up run. to the box, butfound ao fire anywhere m the vicinity Someday somebody is going toJet in the coils of the law for thisoffense, in which a conviction carriesa fine of $75. None too stiff, atthat, for such meanness.Flrt, Wind md LifhtnlnimihSamSf Woodford & BryanTZrEBIANS KOOLLargest shipment of W-ttoBtoug-!!. fans ever brought to .fans"JSS na tr ELECTRIC CO.rAio vi--' . rMfiBpppH VTWIN GUSHER QV. AND REFINING CO.Among the Gushers in Northwest Burkburnett.CAPITALIZED FOR $200,000SHARES FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLEMake your Oil Investments where the Big Money is being made. I advisedmy friends to buy Ocean, Ranger Central, Tennessee No. 1 and M. & P. Burk.The ones who bought made money and will make much more. Here is anotheropportunity. Avoid regrets and seize it quickly. We are 440 yards from awell worth Two Millions.Buy Twin Gusher At $1.50 Per ShareHOLDINGSFifteen Acres IN BURKBURNETT. The company announced twoweeks ago their purchase of five acres additional in Northwest Burkburnett.This tract is in the adjoining survey to the Evans survey in which the M. & P.Burk, one of the greatest in the field, came in less than 3 weeks ago and is directly in the center of the new trend of production as indicated by the TexasChief, Golden Cycle, M. & P. Burk and Burk-Waggoner. TWIN GUSHERSoriginal holdings in Burkburnett is ten acres west of the town site completelysurrounded by production. The Magnolia, one of the conservative old line companies, own an adjoining tract. The Serene holdings on which a number of1,600 foot wells came in at from 2,000 to 3,600 barrels are on our northThink of it! FIFTEEN ACRES OF THE BEST IN BURKBURNETT! Easilyenough acreage to float three times the capitalization.The M. & P. Burk as big as any well in Northwest Burkburnett is 440yards from our five acre Burkburnett tractTwo Hundred Acres COMANCHE COUNTY is known all over Texas as"The 100 Per Cent. Oil Field, the Field That Knows No Failures!' The latestreport which may be old to-morrow is that there are eleven producers andseventy-three wells drilling in Comanche, a deep field and home of some of thegreatest wells in Texas the Duke and the Knowles, which have made smallstockholders wealthy. TWIN GUSHER derives its name from its two tracts ofone hundred acres each in Comanche which are entirely surrounded by deepwells drilling at from 800 to 2,000 feet. Some of these are expected in daily.One Hundred and Sixty Acres in TERRELL COUNTY, a new field covered with a black shale so saturated with oil that there is no mistaking its presence.The Standard and Humble people are reported to be securing acreage as fast aspossible in Terrell. TWIN GUSHER has 1 60 acres in the vicinity of a deep testbeing put down by the business men of Sanderson, Texas.Six Thousand Acres in the TULAR0SA BASIN TWIN GUSHER ownsthe Oil Rights on Six Thousand acres in the Tularosa Basin which more thantwenty eminent geologists have pronounced the Coming Oil Field of the Southwest. W. W. Cox for twenty years a banker of Dona Ana County after securingthe best geological advice obtainable, organized a company to drill in the Tularosa Basin capitalized for $100,000 which was oversubscribed more than$30,000 Dollars before the flood of subscriptions could be stopped. Five companies are bending every effort towards the immediate development of thisdistrict and if in four months as a result of their efforts the world hears thestory of a second Sam Fowler, a second Burkburnett , this feature of TWINGUSHER'S holdings will be worth millions.QUICK ACTIONFOR STOCKHOLDERS TWIN GUSHER is a going concern now and isnot dependent on stock sales for early commencement of development. Drilling will start on our Burkburnett property as soon as a drilling contract can belet probably within two weeks; we should have production in thirty daysthereafter. A Two Thousand Barrel well will double your money each month.Who knows but that we may get another M. & P. Burk, Golden Cycle or BurkWaggoner? they are our neighbors. The organizers pledge that eighty percent, of the profits will be used to pay dividends and that dividends will be paidmonthly if possible.REMEMBER THIS Some Oil Companies have failed because theypinned their whole faith in one well or one field. Many have succeeded in spiteof this but remember the failure of one well, one tract or even several, cannever wreck TWIN GUSHER. Any one of TWIN GUSHER'S properties in thelight of what other organizers are doing is amply sufficient to float TWIN GUSHER'S ENTIRE CAPITALIZATION. Grasp these Vital Facts, let them sink in.It is because of them that I cannot say too strongly that TWIN GUSHER IS ASUPERIOR PROPOSITION, THE SAFEST INVESTMENT I HAVE EVER PLACEDBEFORE THE PUBLIC.This is the story of your opportunity. It is left to you to act and if you act atall you must act quickly. We offer you a One Hundred Per Cent Propositionbacked by One Hundred Per Cent Men. Send Your Subscription NOW. TO-DAYyou can get Twin Gusher for $1.50 Per Share.A FEW DAYS MAY PLACE IT BEYOND YOUR REACH.JESSE F. KENNEDYMember of the FirmMANNING & COMPANY, Brokers,502 Martin Building EL PASO, TEXASFiscal Agents for Twin Gusher Oil & Refining CompanyReferences El Paso Bank & Trust Company; Union Bank & Trust Company, El Paso.OFFICERS OF THE TWIN GUSHER ARE:J. R. FISK, E. HEWITT ROGERS, C. S. PICKERELL, ROY A. BEAN,President Vice President Secretary and Treasurer Assistant SecretaryLOCAL AGENTS Dr. F. P. CAMPBELL, RUDOLPH DAVIS.igjNEW AUTO OWNERS.tiv TnB Harris, of near Millers-burg, purchased of the Oakland Motor Sales Co., or mis cny, ounypBooth five passenger touring car,which was delivered to him Saturday. . nBEAUTIFUL PORCH FUBN1TUEE.BIG SEDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialt Tir .on cn.vfi vou money onnorch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porcn snaaes ajiu i asummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.B. M. WHEELER,dtf) Kobneei tsuiiamg.WINNEBS IN CONTEST.Mrs. Howard B. Carr, of this city,was one of the winners in the Lexington Herald contest, the prize com-jing as her share being a ?1,250 au-itomobile. Another winner in thisdistrict was Miss Christine Keller,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Keller, of Kiserton, whose prize was a$150 diamond ring.LostBetween Brent and Fourteenthstreets yesterday ladies' wrist watchwith "Lancit N" on, front and engraved case. Finder leave at thisoffice and receive reward. (it)HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)For SaleBuff Leghorn Baby Chicks, at 322Main street, over BOURBON NEWSoffice, Tuesday and Wednesday, July1st and. 2nd. (it)Lost PinOn Higgins avenue, or on Walkers'avenue, an F. A. E. fraternity pin.Under please leave at this office andreceive reward. . (1-tf)NoticeAll parties indebted to me willplease call and settle. Your accountis due and I need the cash to meetby obligations.(l-3t) J. ELVOVE.FoundMonday morning, on Hendersonstreet, a handsome brooch pin'Owner can have same by Drovineproperty and paying for advertising.MRS. JOHN KISER,(ltf) x Home Phone 10. .4 PFor Sale !Handsome reed baby carriage,modern style. Price reasonable. CallCumberland Phone 860. (1-tf)Hamilton Fund Notice!The beneficiaries of the HamiltonFund will meet the Commissioners atthe Court House onWednesday, July 2.at 8:30 a. m. Please bring reportcards and expense accounts.New applicants may present themselves at 10 a. m. the same dayMRS. J. J. CONNELLMRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFTMRS. W. 1. McINTYRE,(It) Commissioners.r-ij '-!-HjE- y?:? c ''jVfTWV' 5fsi,r'"'TUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919.THE BOTOBOK IJEWS, N PABIS, KJ!lliTIICE,PAGE IT711.fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPALM BEACH AND ABBOWEAVESJust what their name impliescomfortable summer suits. All thelight and dark colors $15, $18and ?20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.MELONS ANB PBTJIT.Fine lot of watermelons andcanteloupes. Also choice lot - ofpeaches and berries.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oSHAWHAN STORE BOBBEDThe general merchandise store ofLail & Co., at Shawhan, was enteredby burglars, who opened the safe andsecured between ?100 and $200 incash. Nothing else in the store wasdesturbed. The officers were .notifiedand are working on the case.oD. A. B. MEETING.The regular meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, Daughters of theAmerican Revolution, will be heldwith Mrs. John T. Collins, at herhome near North Middletown, onThursday afternoon, July 3, at threeo'clock.oPUBLIC SPEAKING.Judge John D. Carroll, of the Courtof Appeals, will address the voters ofBourbon county, at the court house,in this city, at 1:30 o'clock, onMonday, July 7, (court day) in theinterest of his candidacy for theDemocratic nomination for Governorof Kentucky.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.HAVE NARROW ESCAPE.A narrow escape from serious injury was made when Mr. and Mrs.Charles Brownmg, Jr., and son, whoreside near Jacksonville, were thrownfrom their busjrv. The horse becamefrightened and ran away, demolishing the vehicle. None of the occupants were seriously injured.oBEAUTIFUL POUCH FUENITUILE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch, shades and allkinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.B. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oCHOICE LINES CLOSING OUT ATPRICES THAT INVITE YOU.The Paris Racket Store is discontinuing some three or four lines, suchat queensware, graniteware, hardware, chinaware. These articles willhe placed in our windows each daymarked at prices that will make themgo. Watch our windows and buysuch things as you can use. Theywill be sold regardless of price.PARIS RACKET STORE,(l-2t) C. P. Mann.STORM DESTROYS TOBACCOOne of the heavy rainstorms whichvisited the county the past weekdid a great deal of damage in theLittle Rock vicinity. On the farm ofMr. John L. Soper fourteen acres oftobacco were washed out and destroyed. Heavy damage was done togrowing crops on other farms, thewheat especially being the loser inthe struggle with the elements.. oYOUTHFUL "CRAPSTERS,, AREBROUGHT INTO COURT.It was an unwonted sight thatpeople on the streets and in the courthouse beheld yesterday morning,when a bunch of twelve young boys,none of them hardly in their teens,were presented in the Juvenile court,in charge of an officer, who made thecharge of crapshooting against them.After hearing the evidence theCourt, in view of the youth of theoffenders, gave them a severe reprimand and released them from custody. In the number was one youngfellow who has been in trouble several times before. The boys allpromised to be good, in the future.oA MODERN FURNITURE STORE.vOne of the most beautiful andmodern furniture stores in the Stateis the one of E. M. Wheeler's, whichhas just undergone extensive improvements. The entire lower floorof the Robneel Building has been,leased by this firm, which makesthree large storerooms in one theyhaving been remodeled and throwntogether, papered, painted and otherwise improved. Several years agothis firm started out moderately inone room, but with fair and honestdealing, courteous treatment to itstrade and the selling of the best andmost substantial goods at moderateprices, it has expanded from year toyear, until now the entire lower floorof the big Robneel Building is occupied by this prosperous and growingconcern. Plenty of light and plentyof room make shopping easy there.And, too, during the month of July,Mr. Wheeler is offering all summergoods at greatly reduced prices inorder to put the money in a big stockof fall and winter goods. If youwant porch furniture, shades, refrigerators, oil stoves, ovens, rugs, etc.,you can sure save money by purchasing during the month of July.Mrs. M. E. Elder, of Lake Village, Ark., is a guest of her son, Mr.F. S. Elder, on Seventh street.Mrs. Evelyn Weathers, of Oklahoma, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Letcher Weathers, at Clintonville.Prof. A. H. Morehead, of Lexington, formerly of Paris, was a recent visitor in Paris, on a businessmission.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James haveas guests at their home on Parrishavenue Misses Margaret and RuthHighland, of Covington.Mr. Henry Clay, formerly ofParis, now engaged in farming nearTaylorsville, in Spencer county, wasa visitor in Paris last week.Messrs. George Lewis Payne andWin. Barnett, of Tampa, Florida,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Gano Hildreth and other relatives in thecounty.Mr. A. C. Teller, of Chicago, wasa guest for the week-end of his wife,who has been at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price, inthis city, several weeks.Mrs. Kate Clarke and daughter,Miss Julia Clarke, will leave to-dayfor Washington, D. C, to spend theremainder of the summer with MajorRichard ("Tal") Clarke.Mrs. Mary Snapp and Mrs. FredSnapp and little son, Ezra, of Pleasant Lake, Ind., have returned to theirhomes after a visit to relatives inParis, Millersburg and Clintonville.Mr. L. D. Harris, of the firm ofHarris & Speakes, is able to be at hisplace of business, after a long confinement at home, the result of abroken ankle sustained by a fall atthe Pa'ris Grand Opera House severalweeks ago.Mr. C. M. Hamburg, of Boston,Mass., representing the Wheeler interests, who operate the Paris Water Co., was in Paris several days thepast week, on a business mission. Mr.Hamburger says Paris is one of thefinest little towns he has visited inCentral Kentucky.Mrs. Katie Cain, of Columbia,South Carloina, formerly Miss KatieGraham Thomson, of Paris, will arrive this week for a visit to Mrs.John T. Hinton and other relatives.At the conclusion of her visit she willspend the remainder of the summerin the mountains of South Carolina.Mrs. Cain is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Roger Thompson, formerly ofParis, and a frequent visitor here.Mr. Ussery Wilder, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, where he wastaken some time ago, following anautomobile accident, in which he wasinjured, has been moved to the homeof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeW. Wilder. He is rapidly recoveringand will leave in a few days for thehome of his uncle, Mr. WilsonWilder, in Louisville, to recuperate..One of the delightful society eventsof the season at the Country Club,near Lexington, last week, was thedance given by Miss Fannie SummersTarlton, the charming young daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jere Tarlton.The clubrooms and porches were decorated with June flowers in profusion. Guests were present from allthe surrounding towns. Among thosepresent and participating wereMisses Callie Gay and Elmeta Hinton, and Mr. George White Fithian,all of Paris.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn,pastor of the Church of the Annunciation, in this city, has gone to theold world to look up his relatives, ifany are living, in the devastated landof Belgium. He will also look afterhis financial and property intereststhere. It -will require about twoweeks to make the trip, the distancebeing about five thousand miles.His many friends here wish him asafe journey and a safe return, andthat he may find conditions in hisold home much improved.A brilliant society event of thepast week was the dance given atRingo's Hall, in Mt. Sterling, byMiss Sarah Frances Hamilton, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Carroll Hamilton, for her guests, Miss FannieHorn, of New York, and DorothyWood, of Louisville. Among those inattendance were the following fromBourbon county: Charles Spears,Harvey Rogers, Wm. Rogers, Charlton Clay, Russell Frank and Woodford Buckner, of Paris, and MissBush Allen, of Millersburg.Misses Mary and Julia Calnanare visiting friends and relatives inCincinnati.Dr. B. F. Orr received a messageyesterday stating that his son, Capt.Jas. Orr, had arrived at Camp Taylor, and would would probably return to Paris, Friday. Dr. Orr'sother son, Mr. Ben F. Orr, Jr., leftyesterday to join a party at Jackson,Ky., who are surveying a roadthrough the mountains.Miss Maude V. Reid, formerly ofParis, who has taught commercialsubjects for the past seventeen yearsin the city of Lexington, has taken aposition as a member of the staff ofthe Fugazzie School of Business, inLexington. Miss Reid is now inChicago, where she is attending theGregg University of Shorthand.Among the recent arrivals ofBourbon county men who have beenin the service overseas are WherritHoward, and Weaver Talbott, both ofwhom have been in France as members of the American ExpeditionaryForces. Mr. Talbott will resume hisformer position on the Louisville andNashville, in the train service. Bothhave received their final dischargepapers restoring them to civilian life.Mr. Jesse M. Kennedy, a formerresident of Paris, is visiting relatives in this city. Mr. Kennedy hasfor some time been located in Wichita Falls, and El Paso, Texas, as representative of the Twin Gusher Oil& Refining Company, whose largedisplay advertisement will be foundin this issue of THE NEWS, on pagefour. Mr. Kennedy was for years inthe employ of Mr. Edward Stamler,of Paris, as architectural draughsman, and later in the same businessfor himself.Mr. Henry L. ('"Dick") Nippert,who has been a patient at the Massieed that he had been in a number ofseveral weeks, has gone to Louisville, to recuperate at the home ofhis sister, Mrs. Percy Henry. "Dick"was very enthusiastic in his praise ofthe local hospital, and stated to THENEWS that no one could have beenaccorded better attention. He stated that he had been a number ofhospitals in 'the past few years, butthat the Massie Memorial Hospitalwas, in point of equipment, attentionto patients and general institutionalefficiency, one of the best he had beenin.(Other Personals on Page 3.)HARRY SIMON'SDressesFor Every Summer NeedANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourbon County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 1919.Lost DogIrish terrier bitch on North Middletown pike. Had on new collar andwas closely clipped. Reward for return toTHOS. G. MORRIS,(It) Paris, Ky.Whether you are planning a trip or expect to stay intown, this showing of beautf ul dresses will interest you.And the prices are very alluring when quality and cutare considered.Georgette Crepein white and colors, daintily embroidered and beaded, showingall the newest touches. Ideal for afternoon and evening wear.Evening Gownsin Taffeta and Tulle- all shades.Street and Traveling Dressesof Taffeta, the most practical and stylish of costumes. Also thenew Tricolette Sport Suits.Voiles and Organdiesin all the wanted color combinationns cool summer dresses thatare indispensable.Prices Range from $15.00 UpHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St:, Lexington, Ky;. Main Street, Paris, Ky.THE FAIRBargain Day Satrday.Every week from day to day welook around to find those things thathave not sold as rapidly as we wouldwish, so we have reduced to pricesthat never fail to sell. These area few examples:Enamelled Steel Wash Basins, 15c;Linoleum, 2-yards wide, 69c squareyard; Round or Square Linen Doilies,7c; Ford Toy Automobile, (iron)10c; Hair Pins, 2 packages for 5c;Crepe Napkins, l&p a hundred, Tinware Menaer, menas aayiamg, xvc;Cups and Saucers, 78c a set. Combination Potato Peelers, 5c; 42 PieceDinner Set, ?7.98; Curtain Stretchers, a pair, $1.78; Big Value CurvedCurtain Rods, 10c; White EnamelledT-Kettle, 69c; Flags, 2 for 5c; WastePaper Baskets, 13.THE FAIRSTATEMENT OF THE CONDITION OFBourbon-Agricultural Bank&TrustCo.At the close of Business June 3 0, 1919, after payment of semi-annualdividend of 5. -iiirJfttrftfflttMttlliRESOURCES.Loans and Bills .. ..$1,176,655.91IT. S. Bonds 985.50U. S. Victory Notespurchased 294,850.00Real Estate 15,000.00Furniture and Fixtures 500.00Overdrafts 4,404.20Cash 26,931.88Due From Banks .... 84,489.24LIABILITIESCapital Stock ? 200,000.00Surplus 125,000.00Undivided Profits .... 20,627.10Reserved for Taxes .. 7,960.54Payments on V. S. Victory Notes 231,075.00Individual Deposits . . 1,019,154.09Make YourVACATIONONE OFCOMFORT!No matter where you go for your vacation; the lake, country, ' seashore or right athome, you'd better have a suit of Palm Beach,Mohair or Crash. It's a good comfort guarantee to have one of these suits. Take our wordfor it. These clothes are not only cool, but theyare stylish and what's more, they keep theirshape and stay stylish.Better get yours to-day. Better styles andvalues than elsewhere.$10.0QTO$20.00Your Vacation NeedsYour every want and need can be satisfiedand pleased here in Furnishings. Shirts, Hosiery, Neckwear, Underwear, Hats and Capsare shown in abundance.W . f r ift ? .UNITHE OSNUtNK CLOTHMD T OOOOALL WOOSTED CO$1, 603,816.73OFFICERSJOHN T. COLLINS, President.BUOKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.THOS. W. ALLEN, Assistant Cashier.?1,603, 816.73xDIRECTORSS&S2ETJohn. Marston,N. Kriener,John T. Collins,Samuel Clay,W. O. Hinton,J. M. Caldwell,W. H. McMillan,James L. Dodge,W. w. Hall..,. j.ll,?; y: m lWe Carry a Complete Stockof Suits Cases and GripsiSomeone ohce said that a green salesmanmight sell something once in a while, buta blue one would never sell anything.There's a lot in that; we have tried toattract a cheerful lot of salesmen to thisstore; men who know how to make youfeel at home; men who consider everycustomer a guest; men who serve becausethey like to do things for people.You will like thatspirit at this store.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky...'Ss.. rS4-"IAf-I,-U.fc'Jfe- ,.- 4AGESE'visjaraTHE BOTOBOir NEWS, PAEJS, KENTUCKYrrpw?'TUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919. vi3vlv1NTEEESTING STATISTICS ABOUTOUR AMERICAN DOUGHBOYSOceans of coffee, chocolate and lemonade, mpuntains of doughnuts andsandwiches and pyramids of icecream were consumed by the 1,621,417 American, doughboys who passedthrough, the American Red Cross canteen at Toul during the last elevenmonths. The Toul refreshment station, long known as "one of the "busiest Red Cross spots in France," islocated in the original American"battle sector at a point which enabled it to feed almost as many soldiers as there were in the AmericanExpeditionary forces. Many interesting figures regarding the canteen's activities are contained in areport received at Red Cross headquarters. American fighting men tarriedthere long enough to eat 1,561,625thickly-constructed, well-filled sandwiches and 461,114 doughnuts. During the big American troops movements in the Toul Sector last Junethe canteen served 3,000 men a day,the soldiers of the Twenty-sixth, Seventy-seventhand Eighty-second divisions being cared for as they passedthrough in trains. No effort wasmade to keep track of the number ofcigarettes and quantity of tobaccopassed out to the men at this point.During the American offensive lastSeptember 1-8,000 soldiers receivedrefreshments as they were carriedinto and evacuated from a hospitaltwo miles outside of Toul.Originally the canteen was established in a fifty-foot tent in the railroad yard at Toul, but with the rapidincrease in the number of men to becared for the Red Cross took overan entire hotel closed by the work.As many as 7,000 soldiers have foundlodgings there in a month, the numher cared for in this way rarelydropping below 3,000. More than200,000 soldiers received meals therev?;ncr iio mnnh of January. Theshower baths liave been used by 70,000 soldiers. General Pershing recently inspected the canteen andcomplimented the managers.oA SPIRAL CULTIVATORAn invitation which might be usedwith profit on the flat level farming lands of this country has been invented, and was recently describedin the Popular Science Monthly. Itoperates from a central tower, andthe cultivating apparatus is so arranged that it gradually draws closerto the center. Once set, and withrows arranged at the proper interval,the endless circular cultivating mal chine will go right on night or day.All a man needs is to have his planting plotted properly, a supply of gasoline, and the spiral cultivator.The writer tells of its try-out on,a ten-acre New Jersey farm. "Downthe rows of corn it went all alone,and never bruised or chopped a root.Around and around the field thething moved, around a center whichis constantly approached. The cornhad been planted in a spiral formation about a tall post caped with acircular drum or cask inspection reveals a thin wire extending to a central drum around which the wirewinds itself as the work of cultivating proceeds. That explains the spiral movement.""The machine is a narrow tractorof special make, the engine is a compact but very efficient gasoline typeabout four-horse power. To theframework can be attached any ofthe usual implements for cultivatingthe land. Plowing, hoeing, harrowing, and many other operations areperformed in the spiral path as wellas in the straight course. A ganghar for the attachment of the implements may be used so that severalrows may be cultivated at the sametime."Sounds interesting, doesn t it.Large farms should be divided intoten-acre circular tracks, the intervening spaces used for orchards,pastures, etc., and even a lazy mancan run a farm without much per-fjonal work.. oDANIELS AND THE NAVYrm,. conwtnrv Daniels advises-abandonment of our extra large navalprogram is somewhat of a surpriseto most of us. Just what his reasons are -remain to be seen, but itis very probable that the recommendation will he adopted.We are a bit wary about a smallnavy policy. There are too many unforseen developments that may comeabout. The realm of internationalinterests is a changing and ficklefortune; enemies to-day are friendsto-morrow, and the allies of one timeare at each other's throat withincomparatively small times.With our Monroe Doctrine we havea load to carry. The other American, nations, it is true, are beginningto build small navies, but the burdenof defence in this hemisphere is upon the United States. Sea power isvital; in future wars, as in this one,it will be decisive. No nation canafford to put its welfare into thekeeping of other countries exceptupon our part will be small. If England, France or Japan continue tobuild their navies and equip them upto their present standards, the United States will be foolish in permittingher own navy to deteriorate in relative size or efficiency.. oDrtam Tears.Far bttar to dream of crying thantf lawfbter, for tears in a dream mean'!-Viul merriment in real life: while- lacifcter, when It U dream laughter.preege difficult circumstances.SEEMS TO DEMAND SOLUTIONMystery Surrounding Green BottleFound in Cornerstone of BuildingPuzzles Antiquarians.Springfield antiquarians are as interested as the weather will permitover the discovery in the cornerstoneof one of the armory buildings of "anancient green bottle," to quote fromthe printed description of the find. ItIs said that it closely resembles anoldtime rum bottle, except that itssurface is covered with what are alleged to be Masonic characters, saysthe Hartford Gourant. Fragments ofa cork were found, but the bottle contained -no fluid, not even an odor.That the bottle was empty whenfound affords no ground for surprise,but that its surface is completely covered by Masonic characters may giverise to much speculation. Had it beencovered or partially covered withcharacters which indicated that it oncecontained distilled liquor from theWest Indies there would have beenlittle cause for speculation, inasmuchas such bottles and such spirits werecommon a hundred years ago whenthe cornerstone was supposed to havebeen put in place.That the bottle was put In placewhile empty suggests a thrifty disposition on the part of the builders.APES SUFFER IN CAPTIVITYGorillas, Taken From Their NativeHaunts, Speedily Die From PureLack of Companionship."Any sympathy that a soft-heartedperson has for captive gorillas is notmisplaced," says Miss Ellen Velvln in"From Jungle to Zoo.""Many gorillas have been captives,but in spite of the greatest care fewhave lived more than a comparativelyshort time. There seems to be no particular ailment from which they suffer nothing except Intense home orheart sickness. They grieve themselves to death."All the anthropoid or manlikeapes, such as gorillas, orang-outangsand chimpanzees, are extremely sensitive to surroundings and environments. In order to keep these bigapes in good health it Is absolutelynecessary to give them plenty of company, either of -their own kind or ofmen anything, in fact, to relieve thetedium of captivity, which they undoubtedly feel. When a chimpanzeegets a new companion he goes intothe wildest state of excitement; hethumps the floor and walls, scampersround his cage, and screams with delight." The Indians' Calendar.The following account of how theIndians used to keep track of the seasons is told by a veteran chief in Canada. The names corresponding withthe names of the months were :April Frog moon.May Sprouting of green leaves andgrass.June Egg (duck) moon.July Moulting (duck's) moon.August Plying (duck's) moon.September Running of the deer.October Fall moon.November: Misty moon.December Clear, frosty moon.January Wolf moon.February Eagle moon.March Goose moon.Upon being asked how they keptrecord of the days in each month, thechief replied that they always counted30 to each month, and that It was anIndian's duty to keep record of themby each morning taking a stick fromthe days-to-come, bundle and adding itto the days-past bundle. Those stickswere carefully scraped twigs of t&e"pussy" willows, which by their silvery catkins show the first sign of thaspring season.One of the Original Jokes.A writer telling about the outing ofthe Authors guild at Florida, Mc,Mark Twain's birthplace, says thatihe "jumping frog" story was a favorite anecdote among the stories told byTwain's humorous uncle, John A.Quarle. and that Quarles brought italong with him from the backwoodsof Tennessee. Some pundit dug thesame tale out of ancient Greek literature not many years ago. It is nodoubt impossible, but it would be highly interesting to trace the llp-to-llpjourney of the story back through thecolonies and across the sea to thelearned clerk in Oxford or Cambridgewho first translated it from classicGreek to homely English and told iHover his cake and ale. Maybe It wasBen Jonson and maybe Shakespearepassed it on.Friendship.There must be in friendship something to distinguish it from a companion and a countryman, from a schoolfellow or a gossip, from a sweetheartor a fellow traveler. Friendship maylook in at any one of these GooTs, butit stays not anywhere till It comes tobe the best thing in the world; andwhen we consider that one man is notbetter than another, neither towardGod nor toward man, but by doingbetter and braver things we shall alsosee that which is most beneficent Isalso most excellent; and thereforethose friendships must needs be mostperfect where the friends can be mostuseful. Jeremy Taylor.Two Sizes Too Largt.Bix Tou lost your head completelyat the banquet last night.Dix That accounts for It Thishead I've got on this merning doesn'tm to b mint, certainly. BotoTranscript ,IMPROVING ON OLD MOTIONSOne's Accustomed Ways of DoinThings Need Not Be Accepted asNecessarily the Best.The idea that a wooden leg or afalse hand can be clapped onto awounded man and the case dismissedwith a blessing is a thing of the distant past. A wooden hand is good forvery little except to look respectablein the street. The thing for whichthe doctors are striving is to giveback to the Injured man not a handbut the work of a hand.And this opens possibilities. Thework of a hand may be done in an extraordinary number of ways. Sometimes it is managed by a steel rodwith tools clamped to it; sometimesby a strong iron claw. Some of themost eager thinkers are asking:"If we are to differ from Natureat all why not differ altogether? Whynot replace one arm by two steel rods,or even three, so long as they can beuseful?"Men learn that the old motions bywhich they have been accustomed toget things done are not necessarily theonly ones. A farmer with one armcan use a shovel ; he simply has animplement with a longer handle, whichgoes through a strap at his waist.Then the one arm does nothing butpress down on the handle and theshovelful of earth is lifted just as wellas by the old method.If the man wants more power hecan use his knee. Large objects canbe moved by one arm and the hip. Anecktie can be tied by one hand andthe chin. The hand can be washedby the foot.SOCIETY HAD HIGH IDEALSOrder of Fools, Founded in 1381, WasNot by Any Means What ItsName Would Indicate.On November 12, 1381, the association known as The Order of Foolswas said to have been founded byAdolphus, count of Cleves, under thetitle, "D'Order Van't Geeken Gesellschnp." Though bearing a designationsavoring too strongly of contempt, themembers of this order were composedof noblemen and gentlemen of thehighest rank and renown, who in thisway formed themselves intp a body forhumane and charitable purposes. Theywere in no way connected with theFeast of Fools and similar absurdities of medieval times. They were notdissimilar to the Odd Fellows, Foresters and other similar organizationsof the present day, which include within their sphere of operations, benevolent and useful as well as convivialand social objects.The insignia borne by the knightsof this order consisted of a jester ora fool, embroidered on the left side oftheir mantles and depicted dressed Inred and silver vest, with a cap andbells on his head, yellow stockings, acup filled with fruits in his right hand,and in hi? left, a gold key, as a symbolof the affection which ought to existamong the members of the society.They met once a year at Cleves onthe first Sunday after Michaelmas day(St. Martin's day), when a grand courtwas held extending over seven days,j and all matters relating to the welfare and conduct of the order werediscussed.Blackbirds Valuable.One spring while plowing for potatoes I was followed around the lot bya flock of blackbirds, and out of curiosity I watched them to see whatthey were after and found that theywere gathering up every grub in sight,and there were lots of them, writesa correspondent of the Rural NewYorker. A neighbor's boy came overwhere I was at work, and on seeingthe birds started to drive them off.I stopped him and showed him what.they were doing. He thought that itwould pay me to feed the birds so asto keep them on the job. There wereenough grubs in sight to have spoileda good lot of potatoes. Yesterday(August 29) I pulled up a hill andfound a grub and where he had' eatenout one-quarter of the inside of a potato. Windsor Castle.Windsor castle Is near the town ofWindsor, in Berkshire, England, 23miles from London. Windsor is oneof the most ancient towns in England,dating from the early middle ages.The castle was erected by William theConqueror. It was originally the siteof a Roman settlement and has figuredin English history in many picturesque and tragic ways. Many of thekings of England are buried beneaththe royal chapel at Windsor, IncludingKing Edward VII, who was burledthere in May, 1910. The castle, surrounded by spacious and magnificentgrounds, has been the chief residenceof English sovereigns for many centuries. The "Wind-Month."November was styled by the ancientSaxons as wind-month, from the galeswhich are so prevalent at this seasonof the year, and which made thembeach their boats and cease almost entirely from maritime operations. Itbore also the name of the bloodymonth, from the circumstance of itsbeing customary to slaughter greatnumbers of cattle, to be salted for thewinter. November is the eleventhmonth of the year, although its namewould indicate that it was the -ninthmonth. This Is accounted for lay thechange from the old calendar, whichbegan In March and not in January,as our present calendar does.SMALL ,SUMS WORTH SAVINGHow Amounts That Seem InsignificantPile Up Into Figures That AreImpressive.A great French banker was onceasked the secret of French thrift, andhe replied, "Compound interest." Justas constant waste, even In littlethings, may change one's life from success to failure, so the steady saving ofmoney will eventually bring independence, if not actual wealth.Let us analyze the statements madeby the Frenchman.There are veVy few people who cannot, without any inconvenience whatever, lay aside 10 cents a day. Within ten years one's dally savings of thisinsignificant amount will amount to?3G5, in addition to $80.3G compoundinterest, making a total of $445.36 toshow for one's saving just 10 cents aday for ten years.By saving 15 cents a day for tenyears, with interest compounded at 4per cent, one will have the comfortable sum of $668.18; 20 cents a daywill net $890.99. Save 50 cents a dayfor ten years and you will have $2,227.73. A dollar a day will give youa total of $4,455.74 for the ten-year period. All these figures are based onthe savings being put out at 4 percent compound Interest.Look back over the last ten yearsof your life today. Be honest withyourself! Look facts squarely in theface! Could you not have saved 50cents a day, or a quacter a day, or possibly a dollar a day?It might have pinched yon, now andthen, to do so; It might have meantthe surrender of a few good times, afew luxuries or extravagances. But itwould have meant a substantial sumfor you something that would addimmeasurably to your poise, peace ofmind and self-confidence. S. W.Straus in Thrift Magazine.UNIQUE IN DECORATIVE IDEASPraise Must Be Awarded IndividualsWho Have "Sprung" SomethingNew on Old World.A famous prima donna had tworooms of her town house decoratedwith what she called, "The records ofdin and dinner."To be translated, this meant thather bedroom was papered with leavesof music from the operas in whichshe hud won fame and fortune, andthat her dining room was similarlydecorated with the hotel bills she hadcollected and paid in every countryand continent. A wealthy young woman had many admirers, either for herself or her possessions, and receivedpiles of love letters. She decided tomake a dado of them in her specialsanctum. For months it became quitea society function to sit on the floorand read this lady's dado aloud.The Tenderloin club at London possesses two wonderfully decoratedrooms The card room is decoratedwith 6,000 playing cards arranged inevery conceivable order; and very wellthey look.Another room in the club Is paperedwith theater tickets, completed with acornice of champagne corks all roundthe room. What a lot of "Won't-go-home-till-mornings"those silent corkscould repeat had each a tongue!Learning to Drum.How Haydn learned to beat a drumand the preservation of the fir5t onehe played make an amusing story.There was to be a great church festival, including a procession through thestreets In which the choristers were asa matter of course to take part, butthe drummer falling ill, no one couldbe found to take his place until thedirector called for Joseph Haydn,showed him how to make the strokeand left him alone. Joseph found ameal tub, stretched a cloth over thetop, set it on a stool and began todrum away with such vigor that thestool was soon overtartied and himself covered with meal. But thestroke was learned and the spectatorsof the procession found their gravityunduly taxed by the sight of a littlefellow of six years beating a big drumcarried before him hy a hunch-back,since a bearer of ordinary staturewould have raised the Instrument farout of the drummer's t each. The drumused on that occasion by Haydn isstill preserved in the choir of theChurch at Hamburg."Oh, Hannah!"One of our "Indian" names losessome of its flavor of romance under theInvestigation of Will G. Steel, gazetteer, in Steel Points. He says that themusical name of Ne-wan-nah, in Clatsop county, Oregon, was derived fromthe circumstances that a pioneer of theplace who employed several men alsohad a daughter named Hannah.One of the men presented her witha hat, which she did not appreciate,and his fellow workers made sport ofhim by calling to one another in hispresence, "Oh, Hannah." The termMr. Steel -finds, finally became attached to the stream as O'Hannah, subsequently becoming Newannah. Theword is also said to be Indian for "waterfall," but probably this is only a eoincidence, for Mr. Steel give full credence to the ''Oh, Hannah" version."At LastThe nice young man, opening upa conversation .with the lady of hisaffections :4T made a perfect fool of myselftoday 1""There, I knew you would makesomething of yourself if you onlytried long enough I" was the startling,ije&ponse.' If 11 TmilVK ir wiklffi MB im mMmimmmLA j ia JFiMI5The ImprovedMcCORMICBINDERThey are scarce and the dealers andjobbers are 'way behind with their -orders.If you want the best, a McCORMICK, buyNOW while we have them.The Best Binder Twinein the World.C. S. Ball GarageTourth and Pleasant Streets,BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone -No. 4 West Fifh StreetIufr. lv- r, -C" Z!3The Bourbon LaundryParis,Shark-Food.In Bermuda small ground sharksare used for food and much appreciated by all classes. The fish averagefrom eight to ten pounds and sell for12 cents each. In Honolulu the hammerhead shark is frequently seen Inthe markets and It? flesh is consideredvery nourishing and is extensivelysalted-Thrift Stamps will stick when afellow needs a friend.CfDI Southern Optical Co.IncorporatedJ Manufacturers of Perf set-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSES fIIr T 1 A mP 1 w rivrjptoKs Artinciai fcyesInvisible Rifnrfll Tatim4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY."TO-Laundry IXISATISFACTIONxIXOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-2 merits in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicitX1XIXIXIX1M your patronage.Kentucky: : :HOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market" ' ' "-yVVyTUESDAY, JULY 1, 1919.THE BOURBOH NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYtAGXfKTXI R. CONDUCTORWELL SATISFIEDJackson Says He'll Guarantee Trutona to Relieve Run DownCondition.liOUISVILLE, KY., June 30. A.Jackson, passenger conductor in theemploy of the Pennsylvania Railroadfor many years, who lives at 220North Eighteenth street, Louisville,enthusiastically tells how he gainedrelief after eleven years' suffering.He said recently:"I desire to express my appreciation of the wonderful merit of yourmedicine, Trutona, After takingTrutona for two weeks, I feel like anew man. I had been, suffering fromneuritis and general debility foreleven years. I eat heartily now, andsleep, which for several years wasvirtually a stranger to me, comeseasy now."I can recommend Trutona to anyone suffering from a run down system and I would not hesitate toguarantee it to restore them to theirhealth."Mr. Jackson's case is not an exceptional one, but is typical of the remarkable work Trutona is doing inthousands of cases throughout Kentucky. The perfect tonic has provento be unsurpassed in the treatmentof stomach, bowel and liver troubles,nervousness and the like.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at the drugstore of G. S. Varde-n & Son.(adv)THEBT AT SUMMER SCHOOLS.Dr. W. C. Ruediger, Dean ofTeachers' College, George Washington University, Washington, D. C.,and principal of the summer schoolof the university, will give a seriesof lessons on the principles of teaching at the summer session. In the.nnraa nf tViA lessons' he will empha-size the principles of thrift, using as ja basis the Thrift lessons in oiviuaand Hygiene gotten out by the Savings Division of the Treasury Department. oThe corn crop seems to dependabout equally on the condition ofthe weather and of shoes.From County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & TerminalCo.INTEBUEBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVET.PTintrton "For Paris PorParisLexinetonA.M. 6.00xM. 7:20M. 8:50M. 10:20M. 11.50A. M. 6:45A.A.A.A.A. M.A. M.7:15x8:159:45A. M.A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M1:202:504:206:007:209:10P, M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. 1ST.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M.P. M.P. M. 11:00 P. M- I0:u&(x) Daily except Sunday.KEETTJCKY. TEACTI0N AND TERMINAL COMPANYBRIGHTER-EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.9seolectrici'iifor DgfrtingIt's the only satisfactory way.9se SetsTor gating and Cooking.It's the only sensible plan.v 25 ..TJr J rVLet Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gts.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IiotrNvafeii) v . ..' METROPOLITAN SYMPHONY CLUB.A concert organization of artists, ist. Popular as well as standard andheaded by Don C. Abbott, flute virtu-classical numbers will be featured,oso. Each member is a finished solo- Chautauqua; third day.Si:&:ivSSvtfift-,JgSS:r;?j-?SjSWp?mr5SiK&ai : i2 JBm.&mis ' mmmmmmk&mM&Sm t 'lJBBSSrmmm?SSSt A?.'8& tfc?5& i&8w?5& SSgi5::::::QUARTET FROM CARPIELINY'S OLD COLONIAL BAND.Brass quartets, in gems from the . meliny's Old Colonial Band. Tbe Oldfavorite operas, are a special feature ' Colonial Band is a crack organizationof the concerts to be given here on the 'of Italian musician:- headfid by E. Caropening day of Chautauqua by Car-jmeliny, famous bandmaster.VIOLIN SOLOISTyfith Strang Company.VELMA SCOTT, Violin Soloist.Charming young violin soloist withthe Emily Waterman Concert Party.The Waterman Company of three entertainment artists is to be here fortwo programs on the second day ofChautauqua. Miss Waterman has anation-wide reputation as a reader.All Sunday programs, no matter whatthe printed announcements, are modified to conform to the character of theday.DR. JOHN A. GRAY."Out of Work," is the suggestivetitle of Doctor Gray's lecture at theChautauqua. While minister of aNew York church Doctor Gray dressedas a tramp and went to live among theoutcasts of society. His Chautauqualecture is based upon those most interesting experience; second afternoonA number of our local citizens art.working hard to mm this Chautauqiwgo. Offer to help them help.tilt -HffiMKgy r "! ' wt flrrzSbbbxhDR. JAMES S. MONTGOMERY.The distinguished pastor of the greatCalvary M. E. Church of Washington,D. C, nationally known as a preacherand lecturer. He lectures here on thefourth afternoon of the Chautauqua.His subject is "The Voice of the NewAge," an eloquent plea for practicalChristianity in the world today. In hisyouth Doctor Montgomery receivedtraining for the stage which accountsfor much of his remarkable powerover an audience.RememberJOY NIGHTChautauquaNot a Modern Qun."What were you going. to do withthis revolver?" asked Walter Pritchard, judge of city court"Shoot rabbits," replied Abe McMurray, colored, age seventeen, 356 Fayette street, who was on trial chargedwith carrying concealed weapons.The .judge examined the weapon,which was a small one, and noticedthat the barrel would not revolve automatically. He called the defendant'sattention to this fact, and was toldthat it would revolve if turned byhand.The judge still appeared undecided,then finally remarked: "If this was areal gun I would fine you $100 andcosts, but since it is only about half agun I will make the fine just half theusual amount." Then he wrote $50"and costs across the face of the affidavit. Indianapolis News.Missouri Mule Always There.The Missouri mule was In the warlong before the Missouri soldier entered It. The declaration of war wasmade for hhn in 1914, two years and ahalf before Pershing and the thousands of other Missourians got theirorders to wheel Into line. He had madea brilliant record there before their appearance. But, according to the London advices, lie seems to have felt theImpulse of Missouri behind him at thelast, for it is written: "The muteshared in the big British advances odthe western front this fall and provedhis grit and worth by keeping rightoipwith -the rapidly advancing artillery."That is a Missouri characteristic.N Some Name!According to the camp poster atCamp Lewis, American Lake, Wash..camp record blanks were foundJns,ufficient to accommodate the address, ofan Australian who came indirectlyassuming name of the individual, Llanfalrpwllgwyngyllogogogoch in the county of Anglesey, North Wales. Whenhe joined the army he held a resldence at Waenarlwgdd, Swansea road,Goverton, South WalesA PARADOX OF FLYING. .-iCaptain Jack Alcock, speaking of ;the experiences of himself and hisnavigator, Lieutenant Arthur W.Brown; in their non-stop flight fromSt. Johns, Newfoundland, to Clifden,Galway, told how the crew of thebipla-ne were surprised to find thatpart of the time they had been goingalong upside down at a clip of 120miles an hour.This detail of new travel is almostas fantastic as the story of adventure, involving anthropophagi andmen whose heads do grow beneaththeir shoulders, that caught the fancy of one of Shakespeare's most interesting heroines.It is an upside-down world that theairman works in. While he is aloftthe aviator is in a little universe ofhis own, in which the law of gravitation, while not eliminated, is at leastsuspended more or less.The flyer, though his machine maybe pointing one wing straight at theground, or while its tail or nose maybe in that direction, or while he islooping the loop, always has the sensation of being on a level keel, asseafaring men would say. If he isable to see the ground, spread below like a drawing by Mr. Nevinson,he gets the impression that the goodold solid earth is performing all sortsof tricks and altering its position toward him, now swinging to port orstarboard and now actually gettinfiabove his head and looking downupon him in a perfect ridiculous way.Captain Alcock and his companionbefore hopping on land again musthave sighted the Arran Islands, inGalway Bay, where the inhabitantsuse the old corrach, a wicker boatboat covered with skin and datingfrom the dawn of history. Thus themachine up above and the crudecraft below on the water illustratedthe beginning and the last word ofman's struggle with the elements.oHOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's. CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)oMake thrift a happy habit throughWar Savings Stamps.Safe InvestmentsYielding fromAo to lfoWritt fir Our Juit ImstMit listIAMES C. W1LLS0N & CO.210 S. Fifth St.. LOUISVILLE, KY.iiIII III '-"'III III -v" ' 'in lit "" ..' iv J III ,III III ft iHIGGLES I-111 ' Ut . Es TIII III "V" t, 1III III " ' - 'III - Hi I I '!III 7 " Ill i. '"III IH " v ?V si faj-JtyLflw yt7"J - r!fPLpTPrffjjThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMRALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine invalid coach.Hearse used for funeralit miA MAN AND HIS WIFEJlLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He Is polite, intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emerfftmcyHe will go far beyond the confin es of the town and bring to you Inamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers. KtilE.tfiaKilfci&Ulfc. -n. . x... He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds. And as to .wages, he will only cost you In residence from 6 to 8c perday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.ib isanK kow, ransf iy. ,.& iHinton CoKy.Day phone 36Nleht : . . 56or Home 286 Vpurposes only.i inHin ii 1 1 1 m i amay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Home Phone 169JKg:Atte- j:,tJMn i; m515--Jk' h ; AiA-:'!, "TUESDAY, JUIiY'l, 119.PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEHTUCN:'4THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-30cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cir1TO-DAY, TUESDAYWallace ReidINThe Roaring Road9Speed 112 miles an hour! Hell-ben t-for-election! Tworoads to cover. One to the finishing point. One to the girl.The road to the post was clear and he traveled some. The roadto the girl? A snail's pace.Make it? Ho, you folks who thrill at the chug-chug, throbthrob of a mighty engine! Come and seelWilliam Duncan,n PsEhof "The Man of Might"and Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Ring Up the Curtain"TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYMARGUERITE CLARKI IN"Three Men and a Girl"Do they walk into her trap? DO THEY! These men werepals because they all hated women. Now they hate each other.See the picture and find out why.ALSOBRAY PICTOGRAPHTHURSDAY, JULY 3rdLadies' DayMARION DAVIESIN"Getting Mary Married"Also Arbuckle ComedyaFATTY'S PREDICAMENT"sfclfttfi Two ladies will be admitted forwaB ,..m-w,9 r.M vv ... rTM. ,Ms9on Thursday of each week.MILLERSBURGRegular meeting of City Council at 8:00 p. m. Wednesday.Regular meeting of Amity Lodge3STo. 40, P. & A..M. to-night.See our Wear-TJ-Well Shoes hefore buying elsewhere. We can saveyou money.R. M. CALDWELL.Mrs. Frances Humphries, of Mt.Tabor, was the guest of Mrs. R. M.Caldwell, Friday and SaturdajMiss Mildred Lewis, instructorof music, for a Lexington school, isthe guest of Miss Mildred Bruce.Mrs. Anna Cummins, of Jackson,arrived Saturday as the guest of hercousin, Mrs. Mattie Jones.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Leer have retimed, after a few days visit to Mr.and Mrs. R. C. Hopper, at Mayslick.Dr. H. C. Burroughs returned (Friday, after a several months visitto his daughter, Mrs. James Spencer,at Springfield, Miss.See our men's and hoys' overalls.We can fit you and will sell youcheaper than anyone else. Call, inspect and buy.R. M. CALDWELL.Quite a number of our citizensvisited Lexington, Friday Saturdayand Monday, before the lid went on,many of them bringing back some ofthe "Oh-Be-Joyful" for future use.Mrs. Mattie Hawes received atelegram Monday telling of the deathin Alhambra, California, of her aunt,Mrs. Martha Savage. The messagestated that Mrs. Savage had beenstruck by a street car on Friday,death resulting from her injuries onSaturday. She was a native of Millersburg, where she had spent thelarger part of her life. She was adaughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.Alex Miller. She was the widow ofWilliam H. Savage, with whom, yearsago, she conducted the MillersburgFemale College, which they latersold to Dr. Gould. Mr. and Mrs.IrskrvHere's a Good Thing in OilBUY NOWDON'T WAITW. S. Dudley Oil and Gas Co.. (Incorporated) ,16,000 Acres$250,000 Capital StockShares $1,00 EachStatement of the W. S. Dudley Oil and Gas Co.By Its PresidentFor some time past myself and associates have been selectingand acquiring oil and gas leases in Magoffin, Perry, Breathitt,Leslie, Clay, Owsley and Knott counties, Kentucky, to-wit:Magoflin 4,623 acres Perry 2,860 acresLeslie.. . 4,205 acres Owsley 250 acresClay 1,305 acres Knott 2,525 acresBreathitt 256 acres"We have taken the precaution to have the titles and acreageapproved by lawyers and engineers familiar with the titles and acreage in the respective localities.We acquired these leases in part on the report of geologists,and in localities close to where drilling is now heing done, and alsowhere we have good reason to believe that drilling will shortly bestarted.We have reliable information that contracts have been execut.ed for drilling more than thirty wells on lands adjacent to or nearsome leases owned by this Company; work has already begun under some of these contracts. There is now a well good for 50 barrels on a tract adjoining a 350 acre lease owned by this Company;another good one on a tract adjoining a 500 acre lease of thisCompany; a good flowing well was brought in on a tract adjoininga;Ll 5 acre tract of this Company. We confidently expect many more. gopi wells to come in on lands adjacent to these owned by this company.. Tire acreage of the leases thus acquired approximate 16,000acres, which have been sold and conveyed to the W. S. Dudley Oil& Gas Company at $7.50 per acre, for which the various grantorshave taken stock in the Company at par.The authorized Capital Stock of this Company is $250,000.00,of the par value of One Dollar ($1.00) per share, and.it is the policy of the Company to sell $100,0 00, of this stock at the presenttime, for the purpose of protecting and developing the property,which, money will be economically and conservatively expended.This stock is sold at par without any commission. 'Mr: G. P. Morison, formerly of Knoxville, Tenn., now of Lexington, is Vice-President and General Manager. He has had longexperience in development work, and is a successful business man,being a man of high standing, ana the one-half owner of the MarIan Coal' Co., located on the property of the Kentucky River CoalCorporation on Rockhouse Creek, in Letcher County, Ky.Mr. Richard Godson, Attorney, of Midway, is Secretary andTreasurer.W. S. Dudley is President.The three above named gentlmen, together with C. L. Ryley,of the C. L. Ryley Coal Company, of Lexington, and W. O. Davis,of Versailles, Ky., .General Counsel of the Kentucky River CoalCorporation, compose the Board of Directors.We want the public to fully understand, before purchasingthis stock, that this is a venture pure and simple, as are all companies formed for the purpose of drilling oil.The Secretary and Treasurer will keep an accurate account ofall money received and expended, and the books of the Companywill be open to the inspection of stockholders at all times. He willreceive for his services a fair salary, as will also the Vice-Presi-'dent and General Manager. The President will not receive any salary until such time as the business of the Company will take more' of his time than he now expects to devote to it, or until it is on adividend basis. . 'The President of this Company has been instrumental in developing three oil prospects, one in Estill County, upon which therewere twenty-one wells drilled and oil in all, and two properties onBig Sinking Creek in Lee County. One has been developed and of.the nineteen wells drilled, they were all oil wells. The other hasnine wells drilled and all oil wells, there is room for about twentymore wells on this property, which are now being drilled, and heis not expecting a dry hole. He knows nothing about oil, nor doeshe know that there is a barrel of oil on the 16,000 acres owned bytkis Company, but he believes there is a fair chance to find somewhere in Eastern Kentucky another oil pool, and the idea in takingup this acreage and having it scattered as it is, and getting it asclose in as possible to where drilling is being one, is to be the ownerof leaseswherever that pool may be discovered, and to have themoney in the treasury to immediately start drilling, and if not sofortunate as to have leases where the pool may he found then to buyacreage near that pool and start development.The offices of this Company are located at 703 First & City National Bank Building, Lexington, Ky., where the stock will be forsale to the public to the amount of $100,000. Checks should bemade payable to the W. S. Dudley Oil and Gas Company.W. S. DUDLEY, President,Lexington, Ky., June 20, 1919. Telephone 316.Savage moved to Mt. Sterling, fromther to Texas, and later to California. She is survived by threesons, Mr. Walter Savage, of New Orleans, William and Alex Savage, ofAlhambra, California. The funeraland burial was held in that city yesterday. Col. William Miller Layson, agedseventy-five, one of Millersburg'smost prominent and highly-respectedcitizens, died at his home near thisplace, at eight o'clock Sunday night,after a lingering illness of hearttrouble and kidney disease. Whilehis death was not totally unexpected, it was not thought that it wouldoccur so soon.Col. Layson was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. Zed Layson, his motherbeing a granddaughter of Mr. JohnMiller, founder of the city of Millersburg and one of the pioneers ofKentucky. Col. Layson was a successful business man and a farmer,having amassed a large fortune. Hewas a confederate veteran, havingserved the full four years of theCivil War in the command of Gen.John Morgan. At the time of hisdeath he was a director in the Deposit Bank of Carlisle and was President of the Millersburg CemeteryCompany. He was a life-long member of the Millersburg Presbyterianchurch, and for a number of yearsheld the office of deacon in thechurch. He was married early inlife to Miss Margaret Orr. To thisunion there was born six children,Dr. C. H. Layson, of Fayetteville,Ark.; Mr. C. B. Layson, of Millersburg; Mrs. J. M. Caldwell, of Paris,and Mrs. J. P. Redmon, of Millersburg. Mrs. Layson and two childrenpreceded him to the grave severalyears ago. He is survived by onehalf-brother, Mr. Edward Layson, ofNew Mexico.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence at ten o'clock this(Tuesday) morning. Services willbe conducted by Rev. Walter Morton.The burial will follow on the familylot in the Millersburg Cemetery. Thepall-bearers will be: Active JamesButler, Oscar Rankin, Albert Moffett,Thos. Brown, Horace Purdy, Chas.Martin; Honorary Horace M. Taylor, Martin Bowles, Granville Allen,E. P. Thomason, Harry James, JohnRoss, Jas. Carpenter, A. C. Ball.oDEATHS.most club women in State. In addition to being president of the Louisville Womens' Club and organizer ofthe Monday Afternoon Club, Mrs.Barnes was State Chairman of Education and Recording Secretary ofthe General Federation in 1898, washonorary vice-president of the General Federation in 1916, and wastreasurer of the Pioneer Workersfrom the inception of the order.Mrs. Barnes' only surviving relative is Mrs. Florence Short Hanly,of Kansas City, at whose home shedied.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)IS NOT TAKE-ALL.Wheat in Whitley County has notbeen attacked by either take-all orflag-smut, the foreign diseases already noted in news stories. An expert from the Extension Division ofthe College of Agriculture, who hasjust returned from an inspection ofwheat in that county, reports thediseases in the wheat fields as scab,loose smut and stinking smut andnot the dangerous take-all or flagsmut. oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranct on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)EFWOETH LEAGUE CONVENTIONCLOSES AT WINCHESTER.The tenth annual meeting of theEpworth Leagues of the KentuckyConference, M. E. Church, South,came to a close Friday after a verysuccessful conference in spite of theinclement weather.P. C. Regan, of Covington, conducted praise service, and Miss Virginia Boggs, of Nicholasville, led avery interesting discussion of thework of Junior Epworth Leagues.A powerful sermon was deliveredby Dr. G. R. Combs, of Paris, followed by Sacramental service.At 6 o'clock luncheon was servedon the college campus. Dr. G. W.Banks, of Winchester, conducted vesper service which followed, and theRev. O. B. CrocEett, of Shelbyville,closed the meeting with an interesting address.Clarence Wilson, formerly of K.W. C, who tias recently returnedfrom service abroad, pleased the audience with a solo. Miss ElizabethFinnell recited and Miss IsabelleLewis sang, both features beingbeing gTeatly enjoyed.ELECTRIC FANS KEEP K00LAND K0MF0RTABLE.Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)MATRIMONIAL.ROBERTSON HUDSON.Miss Douglas Robertson, givingher age as twenty-two, and Mr. J.Cooper Hudson, twenty-five, came toParis from Flemingsburg, Friday,and were married by Rev. J. TaylorSharrard at his residence. The brideis the daughter of Dr. and Mrs.Chas. Robertson, and the groom -isthe son of Mrs. Ida Hudson, all ofFlemingsburg. After the 'ceremonythey returned to Flemingsburg,where they will reside.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.BIRTHS.In Covington, to the wife of Mr.John H. Spratt, a son, weight eightpounds. Mrs. Spratt was formerlyMiss Elizabeth James, a sister ofMr. Jos. James, of Paris.KiCASSIDY.Mr. Warren Edward Cassidy,aged fifty-seven, a resident of Parisfor several "years, died at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, Sunday at noon, of Bright's disease.He was removed from his home onWest street several days ago to theHospital.Mr. Cassidy is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Calvert Shaw, ofMillersburg; two sons, Ola and Clarence Cassidy, the latter doorkeeperat the Paris Grand and the Alamo;and one brother, Mr. John Cassidy,of Carlisle.The body was taken to Nicholascounty, where the funeral serviceswere conducted yesterday afternoonat three o'clock, in the Rose Hillchurch, followed by burial in theRose Hill Cemetery.BARNES.Mention of the fact that Mrs. C.P. Barnes had died at her home inKansas City, Mo., after a short illness, would not mean much to thepeople of Paris, but to those whoknew her in the early days of herwomanhood as Miss Sallie Short, atone time one of the most popularteachers in the old Paris PublicSchool, it will be the cause of themost sincere regret.Mrs. Barnes was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. James Short, whofor years occupied the old home atthe corner of Main and Secondstreet, recently occupied by Mr. andMrs. Jesse Napier, and now ownedby the Mammoth Garage Co., of Lexington. Possessed of womanly virtues and accomplishments of an unusually high order she endeared her-Iself to all who had the good fortuneto be under her tuition, and there areto-day hundreds in the city of Parisand the county of Bourbon, formerpupils, who will recall with pleasurethe many happy days they spent intheir school days when "Miss Sallie"dispensed knowledge and justice unsparingly. Her memory will be everrevered by those who knew her best.While in Louisville several yearsago the writer called on Mrs. Barnes,who was at that time the head ofone of 'the most prosperous jewelryestablishments in the West. Mrs.Barnes was delighted to talk of theohi days in Paris, and made inquiriesregarding the welfare of all the "oldboys and girls" whom she could remember. ,Mrs. Barnes was one of thc.fore-SummerJUNESALEFootwearAmazing Values in Stylish Footwear of SurpassingQuality.The people now more than ever before appreciate thefact that our system o merchandising brings to them theGREATEST BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY IN ALL SHOEDOM.Pumps, Oxfords and ColonialsWHITE FOOTWEARof Every D escription atSpecial Low PricesSavings Worthy of Your Immediate AttentionLadies' Dull Kid Pumps andOxfords atLadies' White Eea Island CanvasPumps atLadies' Dark Tan English Oxfords atLadies' Patent Kid Pumpsat$2.99$1.99$3.49$1.95Men's White Canvas Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords,bench made, atMen's Gun Metal English Oxfords,& Walk-Over, atMen's and Boys' Black Shoes andOxfords at$3.49$5 00$3.50$1.99WALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsoff All DescriptionsAt Lowest Prices !X h&-J&Misses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesViDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store1y52?&'4fcr W