'y-.v. ,THEVVi- V1"',. .PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.rtar H HHHI1A a B BaaM1W3VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1919LEGED BUHGLAB, BKOTJGHT TOPAKIS iEROM COVINGTON.Chapter three in the story of therecent robbery of Mitchell & Blakemore's clothing store in this .city-jv-as writtten Tuesday morning whenChief of Police Fred Link returnedfrom Covington, having in custodyWilliapn Reynolds, a cripple, arrested as a suspect in connection withthe robbery-Following a preliminary hearingin the Police Court at Covington before Judge Manson, Reynolds was orArr.a turned over to Chief Link.Reynolds, whi is minus one aipn, andwears a wooden leg, was arrested atthe Latonia station by PatrolmanO'Brien and charged with vagrancy.He was placed under arrest after theCovington police had been notifiedby the Paris authorities that theclothing store of Mitcneii & liiaKemore had been robbed of a largequantity of merchandise and a sumof money, including a large collection of old coins, valued at about$00 belonging to the estate of thelate Mr. Robert J. Neely, of Paris.Chief Link went to Covington armedwith a warrant charging Reynoldswith housebreaking and larceny, andreturned with his prisoner to Paris.Totimnn O'Brien testified thatanother man who was with Reynoldsmade his escape. Chief of PoliceKleumpker, of Covington, testifiedthat Reynolds admitted to him thathe had been working with a carnival company showing at Paris. Itwas stated that Reynolds' woodenle- was hollowed out and that thestolen money had been secreted inthe leg. Reynolds made a fight inthe courts to resist being returnedto Paris on the ground that he is bein" made a victim of circumstantialevidence. Reynolds will be given ahearing before County Judge Batter-ton, in the County Court.It was stated that Reynolds attempted to get rid of the coins bygiving them to a prisoner in theCovington jail. Some of the coinswere found on the person of the prisoner when the Jailer and his assistants were making a seajchjrt Jhecells after a loaded revolver had beenfound in a water box in one ofthe cells. The coins were identifiedby Chief of Police Link as being- partof the loot taEen from the Mitchell& BJakemore store.INTERESTING OIL NOTESMr. Charles P. Mann, sales manager for the Lee-Kent Oil Company,of Paris, left Wednesday for Leecounty, to inspect the Company swell No. 4, on the Poplar Thicketlease, which was recently drilled inand is to be "shot."EUMOBS BEGABJDING HOSPITALMUST BE CLEARED UP.It is reported that well No. 1, ofthe Bourbon Oil & Development Company, of Paris, on the Sob Lewisfarm in Elliott county, shot into saltwater. The same company is preparing to pujtnp No. 1, L. C. Prichard, inthe same county, and is shippingtankage in to take care of the production.OOLLINS-HARLAN CANCERT DELIGHTS LARGE AUDIENCE.The Little Banjo Oil Company, ofParis, is shipping tankage to VessPeters lease in Elliott county,, No. 1well there was given a test and is reported to have made 10 barrels intwo and a half hours. An enginehas been installed and there is somesmall tankage on the property taking-care of the output until largertanks can be erected. The samecompany is shut down at No. 1 ofthe Fannin tract at the head of ElkRiver, in Morgan county, not farfrom the Elliott county line.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.In the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton appointed Mr. Frank P.Kiser, of E. F. Spears & Sons, asadministrator of the estate of his father, Mr. W. Jefferson Kiser, whMpA several weeks ago at his homenear Paris. Mr. Kiser accepted thetrust and qualified by furnisnmgbond in the sum of $1,000, withThos. J. Kiser as surety.(Contributed)Miss Flora Keene, of Somerset,Ky., Secretary of the State Board ofNurses, visited Paris on Mondaynight and Tuesday investigating thecharges against a nurse who left theMassie Memorial Hospital, ond while jhere, looked into matters pertainingto the Nurses' Training School, atthe Hospital. No nurses in trainingwere found to be there, but' conditions were such that she advisedthat no nurses be accepted for training, as matters and conditions werein a very unfavorable conditionOnly one graduate nurse and a fewpractical nurses were there.She advised Miss Boehme, the Superintendent, to refuse to accept patients until (matters and conditionswere made very much better at theHospital.Miss Keene permitted the certincate for the Training School to remain at the hospital until November, with the understanding if matters were not corrected that theTraining School should be abandonedand the certificate taken up. Thatis, she would recommend to herBoard to do so.I Tt is to be hoped that the Boardof ladies appointed by the Councilwill thoroughly investigate the Hospital, its management and affairs,and make a full report as to itsfindings. It is understood that thisBoard has a stenographer, and willpresent to the Council its report exactly as given in by the witnesseswho have been examined.If there is anything wrong, pleasebring it out, and if not, state so tothe public. This is a public hospitaland the public demands that rumorsbe cleaned up.oA large audience, composed ofmusic-lovers of Paris and the county,thronged the Paris Grand OperaHouse, Monday night to hear theconcert given by Collins and Harlan',two of the foremost entertainers ofthe county, assisted by the EdisonPhonograph.The. entertainers appeared hereunder the auspices of L. Oberdarfer, local representative of the Edison machine, and their concert-wasprincipally to interest persons inthe merits of the nhonoeranh as aREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the real estate agency orHarris & Speakes, Wednesday, Mr.Wm. Rose purchased of Mr. C. C.Wills, a two-story residence fenSouth High street, for $3,000.Mr. Charles McDaniel sold to Mr.Estes, of Harrison county, seventythree acres of land on the Clintonville pike, a part of the farm knownas the A. is. Thompson place, iormusical instrument. A varied pro- j $275 an acre. The tract was solagram of selected numbers was rendered. The audience by its applauseclearly' showed that it appreciatedthe concert of the two singers.Those present saw Collins andHarlan at their best. They hearda1 comparison of the singers' voiceswith the record on the phonographand when the singers ceased and theI instrument took up the song, it wasimpossible not to imagine the singers were still singing. There wasno difference whatever in the toneor the volumeabout a year ago by Mr. Thompsonfor $230 an acre. Mr. Thompson,who purchased Tract No. 5 at theRobert T. Ford heirs sale, Tuesdayfor $177 an acre, resold it to Clarence Lebus, of Cynthiana, for an advance of about $1,000. Mr. Lebushaving previously acquired TractsNo. 6 and 7 of the Ford lands, needed this tract to join his new purchases.'BETTER BUY A SUIT.You know is good a Davis suit.They are of known quality. In theseuncertain value days it will pay youto buy Davis clothes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW MILLINERY GOODS." The fall season is close at handwhen the newest creations in feminine headwear is the "almost all-absorbing"topic. We have new andtasty designs in millinery thenewest and freshest arriving everyday. Call and see them.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.FRAN K& CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSVICTORY BONDS READYAll our Victory Liberty Bondsare ready for delivery.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY.(It) LoA lnrp-p r.Tfvwfl nttpndprl the Tub-It was a great treat, j jic renting Wednesday on the premises of the C. H. Meng farm, on the,iNortn iYuaaieiown pise. iue ia.im,containing 465 acres, was rented toMr. Charles E. Butler, for $16 an1 acre for the coming year. Mr. Mengwithdrew his livestock, which he hadplanned to dispose of at public sale,and sold thejm privately to Mr.Butler. The lot comprised sixty1,200 pound cattle, 200 HampshiresheeD. and forty stock hogs. Mr.Butler gets 25 acres for tobacco, 25acres for corn, 50 acres for wheat,and the balance in grass. The renting was conducted by AuctioneerGeorge D. Speakes.EIGHTY-SEVENTH ANNUAL COJT-VENTION COBCBISTLUC CHURCEHopkinsville has made extensivepreparations for receiving and entertaining the delegates to the eightyseventh annual convention of thChurches of Christ ( ChristianChurch), which will convene tkerenext Monday, and countinue untilFriday. The sessions of the conve.tion will be held in the Ninth StreetChristian church.The song service will be under thedirection of Mr. A. L. Boatrlght, ofthe Paris Christian churchy Theprogram embraces many notedspeakers of prcpiinence in thchurch. The first day's session willbe "Education Session." On Tuesday the C. W. B. M. session will beheld. Wednesday will be devoted tathe sessions of the Kentucky Christian Missionary Society. The closingday will be occupied by the sessionsof the Kentucky Christian BibleSchool Association. The -delegateswill be entertained In the homes oCHopkinsville people. The Bourboacounty churches will send a largerepresentation to the convention.NOTES OF THE SCHOOLSIMPORTANT NOTICE TOGENERAL PUBL1U.THEInasmuch os punctuality is a habitvery much to be desired in pupils ofthe schools, it is the aim of the Superintendent and the faculty of theParis Public Schools to eliminatetardiness.To allow a pupil to come into theschool room after a recitation has begun hinders and confuses. It is aninjustice and a wrong to those whoare always on time. Permission isalways granted a pupil who desiresto be absent Vr a time, provided thenarent so requests, but to excusesuch pupils from absent and tardymarks is not rair io ino&e wuu nCalways present.The faculty ask that the parentsand patrons assist in this move byTannine- the children's other dutiesifo that they will not conflict withAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.The committee appointed by theis., nnnnii r invp.stierate the cen-vn.y xuwix .. - ov xnat tney wiii u"- "-eral management jm conJ?typT.Schoolfchourse.A.banneiis to beFALLlASHOWINGOF.COATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTS,FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS yi- Automobile Delivery ;,tJ.2ZJi " -iisj y IItheTVlassie Hospital, are holding sessions in the Mayor's office, First National Bank building, from 9 to 12and 2 to 5, Thursday, Friday andSaturday of this week. Those having complaints to make or improvements to suggest and those who wishto make any statements favorable tothe hospital, are invited to call during those hours.The committee must depend uponthe co-operation of the public in order to make a fair investigation.The hospital can be benefited bytalking to the committee ana to noone else.(Signed) -HELEN HUTCHCRAFT,MARY K. STONE,MAUDE KENNEY,Committee.. oCOMPROMISE EFFECTED IN BIGSUIT.A suit of considerable importance,owing to the prominence of the parties involved, which has been pending in the Bourbon Circuit Courtand the Court of Appeals for severalyears, has been stricken from thecourt' docket, a compromise havingbeen effected between the parties involved in the litigation.Ahout three years ago, it was alleged, Mr. James D. McClintock, ofParis, wrote a letter to a bondingcompany in Boston, in which were,it was stated, reflections upon Mr.James McClure, Cashier of the FirstNational Bank of Pans. Mr. McClure filed a suit for libel, and thecase was fought thiough severalterms of the Bourbon Circuit CourtThe case was appealed to the Higher Court. The Court of Appealsset aside the verdict and sent thecase back to the lower Court for anew trial. Now a compromise hasbeen effected, it was stated yesterday, that will be amicable to all parties concerned.DO NOT BURN LEAVES.The time for falling leaves has arrived and soon the lawns of Parisresidences will be filled with deadleaves. Most housekeepers thinkthere is but one way to dispose ofthem, by burning. THE NEWS nasbeen asked to publish a notice to thepeople of Paris asking them not toburn leaves in their yards or on thestreets,-as fires may result on accountof everything being so dry. If theleaves are.gatheied up and placed onthe gardens they will enrich the soil,while if they are burned on mestreets or in te yards, there is muchdanger of fire, as well as filling theair with the acrid, purfgent smokethatalmost blinds one. Don't burnthe leaves!trivAn to the room that has the highest per cent, of punctuality and tothe one that has the highest percent, of attendance.oPOPULAR PARISIAN IN POPULARCINCINNAIT STORE.Mr. Harry Saloshin, formerly ofParis and Somerset, one of the mostpopular young business men in thecity, has accepted d position with,the Joseph Petzuch Shoe Store, at430 Race street, in Cincinnati.This is one of the most popularstores in the Queen City carryinglarge stoclfs of ladies and childrenhigh-class shoes. Mr. Saloshinwishes his friends from this sectionto call on him when in Cincinnati,and receive a royal old-time welcome. The Pietuzuch Store handlesnothing but the highest-class goods,and a purchase there insures shoesof the highest quality. (It)One of the largest and most important sales of real estate made inthis county for many years was consummated Tuesday when the RobertT. Ford lands, on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris, comprising 1,043acres, was sold for an average of$261.41, or a total of $272,842.11.The sale was conducted by, Auction-neer George D. Speakes, "of the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes, andthrough the law firm of Talbott &Whitley, of this city. The sale wasextensively advertised in THENEWS. -To-day, Friday, Sept. 19. CharlesRay, in "Hay Foot, Straw Foot;""Anne Luther and Charles Hutchison,in. "The Great Gamble."To-morrow, Saturday, Sept. 20Robert Warwick, m "Secret service;" Christie Comedy, "Good Gracious, Bobby;" last episode of "TneTerror of The Range."Mnndav. Sent. 22 Bessie Barn-scale, in David Belasco's great play,"The Rose of Rancho;" Mack Sen-nett Comedy, "Love's False Faces;Burton Holmes Travelogue.Fire, Win and LightnktCInsurance.n Thomas, Woodford & Iryaitited. Tract No. 1, containing lbbacres, was sold to Clay & Lane, ofMt. Sterling, for $415.50 an acre;Tract No. 2, containing 217 acres,went to the same parties for ?2 31.50an acre; Tract No. 3, containing 81acres, was sold to Dewey Kusterfor $231.50 an acre; Tract No. "4,containing 63 'acres went also to Mr.Kuster for ?242 an acre; Tract Ho.5, containing 98 acres, was knockeddown to Mr. A. S. Thompson, for111 -na-n fOTf Tract NO. 6. 178The bidding"was active and spirteres, was purchased by-Frazier andClarence LeBus, of CyntMana, ior$225 per acre; Tract No. 7, 182acres, to same parties, for $2-75.50an acre; Tract No. 8, containing 67acres, to Mr. Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., for$237 an acre.SEEWOLLSTEIN'S 'SPITS ANDHATS ATTRACTIVEPRICES WORTHWHILE.We are offering 'some attractiveprices on all summer suits, hats, etc.Men who know are taking advantageof these-values. Better not wait toolong.L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street,U7-4t)oDT THE TOILS OE THE LAWDeputy Sheriff James Gibson arrested and Dailed Bartell Hill, colored, who was indicted by the grandjury at the November, 1918, term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, on .acharge of grand larceny and being afugitive from Dustice. It was alleged that Hill broke into the residenceof Newton Hedges in Brentsville andstole a gold watch and other valu-o "KlpgIn the County Court Judge Batterton held Joe Newsum, colored, aSouth Caiolina negro, to the November term of the Bourbon Circuitin the sum of $500 on a charge ofburglarizing the clothing st,ore of I.L. Price, in this city some time ago.Newsum was unable to furnish thenecessary bail and was remanded tothe county jail to await a hearingbefore the grand jury.WE KNOW HOW IIofTHE NEWEST AND FRESHESTJust in, 'and more - coming, fromthe chief millinery producing centersof the United States, an imposing andpleasing array of the latest creationsof the milliner's art. Designed andnroduced by artists. Call und seetheM:RVCOIlNE WATSON BAJRD.(12-tf) - 'Clothes Are the IndexCharacterThey reflect the personality of thewearer, and should be chosen with thecare that one gives to the choice of. friends.OurSmart Clothesreflect the good taste, goodjudgment and high ideals oftheir wearers, and give thema big handicap over thosewho underestimate the importance of good personalappearance in business aswell as social life. The difference in price between a suitof our clothes and inferiorclothes will be amply justifiedlong before the suit is wornout.: Prices Range From$25 to $60MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson HatsManhattan ShirtsNcttltton Shoes 'Dr. Rttd's Cushian Salt Shatssjjf-:vj"-!.VAVH.Ss4t"NttGETWOTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SBPTMM 1J, I5l3l:-n jfm BOURBON NEWSKitiWffTied 188137 Years of Coii tinnous PublicationMlisfced Erery Tuesday and Fridayc Tear.. $2.00 6 Months.. 1.00Payable in Adarance.1WHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.tttitered at the Paris, Kentmcky.Poatofflc as Mall Hatter ot theBeoond Class.)Ay erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation otamy person, firm or corporation whichtr ame&r in the columns of THECTJRBON NEWS will be gladly cor-pMtod if brought to attention oi imeMitor.OTJB EQBEIGN BEPBESENTATIVES. " Jiew York American Press AssodatioBu Chicago- Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Xouisville-Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per2&ca for flrat time; 50 cents per inchaba subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiiates, obituaries and resolutions, andlimliar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reset vedto decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesaroat invariably be accompanied bythe cash.aEDITOBIAL MUSINGS.U.Production Waits.Production waits, we are told .bythe best authorities, and yet thenumber of railroad employes has in-!creased 140,000 under government. v!m .,. i .icom, wiitwtu ui ui pu-at ia auuuuu uue uC n uc- winner, which now seems to be Chiore the war. The daily average coal cago, are being made. Temporaryproduction is 286,000 tons at thepresent time, while it was 333,000 field of the Cincinnati park to actons a year ago and even then pro-! commodate the crowd which expects.duction was below normal. The computed cut of lumber in 1918 is 11per cent smaller than the computedproduction in 1917. America'sshelves are bare of goods, and eventhough the consumption of merckandise in the United States to-dayis greater than ever before, thehigaly organized classes of the country bewail their lot, since theyclaim that they have"Nothing to do but work,Nothing to eat but food.Nothing to wear hut clothesTo keep one from going nude."In these days when we are "takingstock" of ourselves and our affairsthe balance sheets agree with thestatement of Mr. Vanderlip, thegreat banker, who says of our country that "we are the darling of thegods." In recognition of this fact along pull, and a strong pull, and apull all together, will land Democracy squarely on her feet once more.Business is CallingThe great industrial expansion which this countryis experiencing makes a constantly increasing demandmen and women capable of filling the most responsibleoffice positions.It is the special work of the cupies a dignified position,Fugazzi School to prepare for who lives a life wnrrh whii-tne amies oi rnese positions.During the next year scores. T Ji- . .1 ...f of young people will be fittedfor Life by taking the "Fugazzi Way" and given a startin desirable employments.WILL YOU BE ONE OFTHESE?The question is squarely be-fore you for decision. Willyou be a man or woman whoseusefulness inspires, who oc-Send For Free Catalogue "The FugazziWay"This Catalgue takes the guess-work and worry out ofyour business future. It tells how the "Fugazzi Way"will increase your earning power; how to command aswell as obey. It describes in full our methods and idealsour various courses and advantages of each, rates of tuition with much other useful information of vital interestto you.Sit down and write us for it today or phone 1576-XIt s free for the asking., Fugazzi SchoolProf. H. B. Southern, President.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Principal,BIG DEMOCRATIC RALLY TO BEHELD SEPT. 20.BLOOMFIELD, KY.f Sept. 18.Bodine Cowherd and J. E. Moseley,prominent party workers, who havein charge the details of the big barbecue that will be a feature of theDemocratic rally that will be heldhere Saturday, Sept. 20, marking theopening of the State-speaking campaign, announce that 100 sheep andhogs will be used.These will require one barrel ofsalt, twenty-five pounds of cayennepepper, and equal amount of blackpepper, twenty-five gallons of vinegar, three dozen lemons and one caseof "Worcester sauce in the berbecue-ing, which will be under the supervision of experts. Two thousand loavesof bread, 10,000 trays and 1,000. tincups will be needed. There will alsobe big kettles of burgoo, Kentucjgystyle, in which 500 ears of corn, awhole case of butterbeans, two bushels of Irish potatoes, five bushels oftomatoes and twenty-five hog liverswill be used.Some other figures given out byMr. Cowherd follows: "The servicesof twenty-six cooks and helpers willbe employed. Twenty-five loads ofwood have been ordered. .The pi inwhich the cooking will be done is tobe 300 feet long, four feet wide andtwenty inches deep. We shall startcooking the carcasses the night before the big day."Mr. Moseley has appointed committees in every voting precinct inthe county to secure carcasses, andreports already made show that theywill be forthcoming. The barbecuewill take place at the PennyroyalFair Grounds. Among the speakerswill be Gov. Black, Gov. James M.Cox, of Ohio; Congressman Heflin,of Alabama,; Senators Beckham andStanley and Representatives Kincheloe and Barkley.aCINCINNATI BEDS CLINCHED THEBASEBALL SEASONBy defeating New York, Tuesdaythe Cincinnati Reds clinched the National League pennant. Should theylose all their remaining games andthe Giants win all of theirs the Redswould still be one full game ahead.The score of Tuesday's game was 4to 3 in favor of Cincinnati.This is the first pennant ever wonby a Cincinnati team in the Nationalleague and the second that a Cincinnati team has had credit for. In1 1882 the Red Sox won the AmericanAssociation pennant, then rated as amajor league. In 1869 the Reds wentthrough the entire season withoutlosing a game, but there were noleagues at that time and Cincinnatiwas the only professional team.Plans for the world senes betweenthe Redg and the American League,seats will be built in-left and centerto witness the games. Price of seatsper game is $6 for a box, $5 for reserve, grand stand, and $3, $2 and $1for upper grand stand, pavillion, andbleachers. The series will start onOctober 1.oDESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried them do so atonce.(adv-sept) ,oDemand for pergolas instead ofgrape arbors seems to be one of thecauses 'of the high cost of living..... " -" w,or will m you be an obscuredo-nothing, an insignificantnonenity?If you want to get a goodstart in business and are notfitted for the kind of positionyou wish to occupy, come toThe Fusrazzi School anrl lpt nahelp you. Your future dependsmore upon what you do inthis matter than you imagine,for today shapes tomorrow.of BusinessProf.L. Pr Southern Vice-President118 N. Upper St, Lexington, Ky.GERMAN PEACE TREATY CALLEDUP DC SENATE.WASHINGTON, Sept. 18. TmeGerman peace treaty, with itsLeague of Nations covenant, wascalled up Monday in the Senate, butthere apparently was no dispositionto speed it along until after the interruption of business by the ceremonies in honor of General John J.Pershing, Wednesday and Thursday.Senator Lawrence Y. Sherman, Republican, of Illinois, took up most ofthe time of the session to-day withan attack on the league covenant,and Senator James Reed, Democrat,of Missouri, who has been speakingin the West against it, will speakFriday.The reading of the treaty, sectionby section, hardly is expected, therefore, to begin until Monday.The league covenant comes first,and right at the beginning, almost,is the amendment by Senator HiramW. Johnson, Republican, of California, which would give to the UnitedStates the same voting power asGreat Britain.How much time the Senate wouldtake in considering this amendmentmembers declined to say, althoughthe general view was that nearlyevery one on the Republican sidemight desire to express opinions regarding it. It was suggested thatSenator Johnson, who is on a speaking tour, might return in time totake personal charge of the fight toequalize the voting clause.After Senator Henry Cabot Lodge,Republican, of Massachusetts, formally had called up the treaty Monday he presented a printed text ofthe treaty with Austria, supplied toMjm oy a unicago newspaper, and obtained unanimous consent to have itread word for word.Senator Gilbert M. Hitchcock, ofNebraska, who, as ranking Democratic member of the committee, willconduct the administration fight forratification, made vigorous objectionto this procedure, declaring it "amere squandering of time."To have that treaty read, "with adozen Senators listening," would beflying in the face of public demandfor speed, Senator Hitchcock saidin his appeal to Senator Lodge tohave the document printed and letthe matter go at that. This SenatorLodge agreed to do, saying he wasprepared to ask leave to print thetreaty before Senator Hitchcock hadspoken, having realized that it wouldrequire more than a day to finish thereading.Ratification of the treaty and itsLeague of Nations covenant was urged by Senator Lee S. Overton, Democrat, of North Carolina, one of theadministration spokesmen."Until this is done," he told theSenate, "there can be no peace, butunrest, revolution, starvation, andanarchy will stalk up and down theworld, bringing in their wake destruction of nations, social disorder,wretchedness and finally the extermination of the races of men."Senator Overman said he had"read the treaty, heard it discussed,studied it, and thought it over anddetermined it is my duty to supportits ratification."I do not believe the Senate willrefuse to ratify it," he added. "TheAmerican public is behind it, and after all our promises and pledges andthe prayers of our public for fiftyyears for peace, we cannot afford,from the standpoint of honor, to defeat it." .Denouncing Senators whose "insidious declamation poison the publicmind" against the German, peacetreaty and the League of Nations,Senator Andress A. Jones, Democrat,of New Mexico, speaking in the Senate, Monday, said if the reservationsrecommended by the Foreign Relations Committee majority wereadopted the treaty, as well as theleague covenant, would "fail.""If we ever have a treaty withGermany," he declared, "it will be anegotiated and not a victorioustreaty. The United States will notparticipate in the restoring and preserving peace and bringing order outof the world's chaos."The unselfish, the ideal, the altruistic motives which have inspiredthis league are sufficient inducements for all the sacrifices and effortswhich we will be called upon tomake in carrying out its provisions."Senator Jones said, in his opinion,reservations as proposed by the committee were unnecessary, as ampleprotection was afforded by the termsof the treaty."Article X," he continued, "is adeclaration to the world that war forconquest shall end and that this declaration will be supported by thecombined power of all other membersof the league."Rejection of all proposed amendments to the German peace treatyand modification of the recommended"strong" reservations, was urged inan individual minority report filedwith the Senate by Senator Porter I.McCumber, Republican, of North Dakota, next in rank on the ForeignRelations Committee to ChairmanLodge. Senator McCumber did notjoin in the recent Republican majority report, and voted with theDemocrats on amendments and several reservations.Attacking the majority report ofChairman Lodge, Senator McCumberdenounced most of the majorityamendment as "selfish, immoral anddishonorable," and charged that theyseek to "isolate the United. Statesfrom the rest of the world.""To the substance of some of theproposed reservations," Senator McCumber's report declared, "there canbe no serious objection, but againstthe manner in which they are asserted, I do protest most earnestly.,'They are couched in a defiant,discourteous and overbearing manner, and seem intended to express ajingoistic spirit that ought to beeliminated from American statesmanship." isole is being reduced to a string.Or course it is none of our business,but 'sometimes it looks like the cam-WHATS THE SEASOX.Kany ''Paris People In Poor HealthWithout Knowing the XJause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they areracked with headache and back-'ache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness, weakness, langour and depression. Perhaus the kidneys havefallen behind' in their work of filtering the blood and that may bethe root of the trouble. Look toyour kidneys, assist them in theirwork give them the help they need.You can use no more highly recommended remedy than Doan's KidneyPills endorsed bv neonle all overthe country and by your neighborsin Paris.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills with good results and I knowfrom the help they gave me thatthey" would be just as beneficial inother cases of kidney trouble. I hada dead, dull ache across the small ofmy back and my kidneys acted irregularly. Doan's Kidney Pills rid meof those complaints, and if I shouldneed a kidney remedy again I wouldcertainly take Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oTigers Like Water.Tigers are extremely fond of bathing. In a zoo, if a tub be provided,they will eagerly make use of its facilities for ab'lution. They are firstrale swimmers, and in former days itwas reckoned at Singapore that they"ate a Chinaman a night," swimmingacross from the mainland to get him.An OrdinanceProviding for the Improvement ofFithian Avenue, in the City ofParis, hy the Original Construction of Concrete Sidewalks inFront of the Property of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company, E. T. Rule, Mrs. MaryWalker, Mrs. L. R. Bramhlet, J. J.Veatch, C. A. Daugherty Estate,Clarence Plummer, John Chisholm,Mrs. R. M. Harris, James Daugherty and H. D. Shy, Pursuant toResolution Heretofore Adopted onJuly 10, 1919, and Published onJuly 15, 1919, at the ExclusiveCost of the Property Owners, andProviding for the Payment of theCost Thereof.I1. BE IT ORDAINED, by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris that Fithian Avenue,a public street in the City of Paris,be improved by the construction ofconcrete pavements in front of theproperty of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, E. T. Rule,Mrs. Mary Walker, Mrs. L. R.Bramblet, J. J. Veatch, C. A.Daugherty estate, Clarence Plummer, James Daugherty and H. D.Shy, whose property abuts on saidstreet.2. That said pavements be madeof concrete, according to the plans,specifications and grades heretoforeadopted by the City of Paris, whichare on file in the oftlce of the Clerkof the Board of Council.3. That said improvements bemade at the exclusive cost of theproperty owners.4. That the contract for makingsaid improvements be let to the lowest and best bidder, after advertisement for two consecutive weeks inthe official publications of the City ofParis; provided, however, that anyone of said property owners may construct the pavement in front of his orher own property, provided saime isdone within fifteen days from andafter the passage and publication ofthis ordinance as required by law.5. That the cost of said improvements be apportioned among andassessed upon the lots or parcels ofreal estate in front of which the sameIs made in proportion to the abuttingfeet of same; and that a tax shall belevied upon such lots or parcels ofreal estate for the payment of thecosts assessed thereon, which taxshall be due and payable at the CityTreasurer's office upon the completionof the work and acceptance thereofby the Board of Council.6. If any of such tax, so apportioned and assessed, be not paidwithin thirty days after the same becomes due, there shall be addedthereto a penalty of ten per cent offho nmnirot nf t.srv? and there shall bea lien upon such lots or parcels ofVU. MAAAWV.A W - -., -real estate for the part of the costsof such improvements so assesseathereon; and the same shall bear interest at the rate of six per cent, perannum from the time of the assess-jment of said tax until paid; provided, however that said improvementsmay be made upon the ten-year payment plan as provided by law.7. This Ordinance shall have tworeadings before the Board of Council,and ten days shall intervene betweenthe first and second readings; andsame shall then become effective after its passage and publication as required by law. ,E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.attestJ. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.City Hall, Paris, Ky., Aug. 28; 1919.MARINELLOAstringent Maskfollowed by use of AstringentCream and Lotion at home, presents that oily appearance ofnose and checks, permitting properfiswfand recommended by morethan 3500 Beauty Shops.Sample amd Boklt SkiCre FreM. A. PATON. .Quite Simple Remedy.Men who are compelled to work atnight frequently are heard to complainthat they are unable to sleep in thedaytime. We have suffered from thataffliction while working on a morning newspaper. We know of but onesure cure. That is to get a job working days. The desire to sleep in thedaytime then becomes as natural asbreathing. Kansas City Star.PUBLICBLUE GRASS.P -rilHISaturday, September 20, 19191,272 acres of land owned by Mrs. Mary Harris Clay and C. M. Clay,located on the Winchester pike, 3 miles from Paris, will be rentedpublicly at the Court House door in Paris, Ky., on Saturday, September 20, 1919, at 2:00 o'clock, p. m.!agiHT MPWBU51& acres of tobacco, 294 acres of corn, and 145 acres of wheat, thebalance grass land. Twenty-five acres of tobacco to be freshly broken upfrom old sod field. The rest ot tobacco land was cultivated in tobacco for the first time this year.135 acres of the land to be put In corn is to be broken up out of sod.Six tenant houses and six tobacco barns on, the farms; also concretesilo and feed barn. v ---Prospective renters may inspect the place at any time. The farmswill be rented as a whole.The contract for the renting will be read before the sale and the conditions in full made known at that time.The farms will be rented for one1920.For further particulars call,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(15-19)Administrator's SaleFarm, Live Stock, Farm Implements andHousehold and Kitchen Furniture of theLate W. J. Kiser, onWednesday, Sept. 24, 1919,AT 10 O'CLOCK, A.M.,On the premises on the Clintonville pike, one mile from Paris. Farm consists of 16 acres of splendid land, five-room cottage, cistern, meat house,coal house, stock barn, hen house tenant house, and is well watered andfenced. Natural gas mains runs by this property:The live stock, implements, etc., are as follows:1 sorrel mare, 9 years old;1 bay mare, 6-years-old;1 yearling horse colt;1 thoroughbred Jersey Bull;2 thoroughbred Jersey Cows, 7years old;2 thoroughbred Jersey cows, 5years old;1 thoroughbred Jersey Cow, 2years old, calf by her side;1 Duroc Jersey Sow and 8 pigs;9 Duroc Jersey Shoats, weight 75pounds;l Duroc Jersey Sow to farrow in( November;1 Duroc Jersey Boar;1 mare mule, 3 years old;1 Jersey Heifer, to calve in January; 1 Jersey Heifer, to calve in Spring;1 2-horse wagon and frame;1 Avery Cultivator;1 Cutting Harrow;1 Deering Mower;1 2-horse hay rake;TERMS Made known on dayGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Harris & Speakes wilKtake pieprospective buyers. -(16-19-23)ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garageitawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded tnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of & centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further informationM. 0. BIDDLE,The Rawleiffh Man.(8aug-tf3INE,Complete formulas and instructions for making at home, rye whiskey, real beer and choicest wines, including making and operating homestill. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; postofilce rules formulas may lawfully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof ?1 check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales ofliquor formulas.BALTIMORE FORMULA COMPANYDepartment 78, Baltimore, Md.(29-tf)RENTINGOFFARM LAND !ONyear,Possession given on March 1,CUMBERLAND PHONE 118. orHOME PHONE 2018, Paris, Ky.OF1 top buggy;2 Breaking Plows;1 tobacco plow;1 9-barrel galvanized Water tank;1 hog scalding box;1 corn sheller;1 cutting box;2 sets wagon gear;1 set buggy harness;1 5 5 -gallon gasoline tank;1 24-foot Tarpaulin;3 5-gallon milk cans;1 block and tackle;1 set hobbles;2 ricks timothy hay;Half interest in 3 acres corn infield;2 mowing scythes, pitchforks andhoes;2 iron kettles;1 American Cream Separator.Household and kitchen furnitureand other things too numerous tomention.of sale.FRANK P. KISER, ?Administrator W. J.- Kiser., h-asurein' showing this' property toTrack and CarsWHISKYWBEER- r i3rrV" ,?:'t4&J?W4f- V-mJf Vr i r ' i4i -i-XAw'r.--9ti &?v .V-.-,rr , ; !r$&$ ,.t:.. '-'' 'X. 't!" ; -T '-"?.'- ct a"r'-", '-.. .."'..' ,,-t"' '-ito-1 'FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER l,19i9 'THE B0T7BS09. HEWS, PAHS, KENTUCKY. .., r K w;).. . n' '.."(."-. - "-24. . " I ' .". i' .tlr.r, -,0."--Wk . ' '";-t .'I' .-. , .- r-v . ; :.:,:,-t'r -. - . t m , .. - - --- . ."Gee-Wbiz! How it HartsThe Pain in My Foot!""Sometimes ife is in my arm. MercifulHeaven, how my back hurts in the morning!" it's aildue to an overabundance ofthat poisoncalled uricadd. The kidneys are notable to get ridof it. Suchconditions youcan readilyovercome, andprolong life bytaking the advice of Dr.Pierce, whichis "keep the kidneys in good order.""Avoid too much meat, alcohol or tea.Drink plenty of pure water, preferablyhot water, before meals, and drive theuric acid out of the system by takingAmine." This can .be obtained atalmost any drug store.1.Send a bottle of water to the chemistat Dr. Pierce's Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo,N. Y., and you will receive free medicaladvice as to whether the kidneys areaffected. When your kidneys get sluggish and clog, you suffer from backache,sck-headache, dizzy spells, or twingesand pains of lumbago, rheumatism orgout; or sleep is disturbed two or threetimes a night, take heed, before too late.Get Anuric (anti-uric-acid), for it willput new life into your kidneys and yourentire system. Ask your nearest drugst for it or send Dr. Pierce ten centsfor trial package fLfme Water.Blaek one-half cupful of lim witfcabout one-half pint of water, slowlyadded; when slacked well add onequart of water and stir thoroughly,allow It to settle, decant closely andpour the water away, then add onegallon of fresh, clear distilled wateror rain water to the washed limeshake often for a day or two and letsettle.-$ilMIIIIIIHMHIMMMIIIIIMlllllllll IIIIIMMthe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsPansMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.HlUt frtWiiti 1 1 1 1 H tM-M''l IM 1 M ! I HrAugggggL-ggggggiCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257A MAN AND HIS WIFEILEVY, THE DRY CLEANER40TSntes TO WOBftY about'The great American dollar liasshrunk Vibw like a Main street allwool suit. An "iron man." is nowabout the size of a dime and actslike a jitney. The only stuff thathasn't increased in price is the -pen-ny-in- the-slot - chewing-gum - machine gujm. You still put in a centand you- don't -get anything."IT MUST HAVE BEEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUT .DIDN'T SMELL.""Saw a big rat in our cellar lastFall," writes Mrs. Joanny, "andbought a 25c cake of RAT-SNAP,broke it up into small pieces. Lastweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat.. Must have been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three sizes 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)oDiscovers Heat Insulation.A new heat insulating material composed of a mixture of a special clayand cork has been discovered by aNorwegian engineer. The clay andcork mixture is burned, and the resultIs the formation of a very fight substance that is said to be eminentlysuitable for all heat Insulating purposes. INTEBUBBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexineton For Paris ForParis LexinetonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2; 15p; M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TBACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYKy. ansui-aSjDay phone 368BJfcBiBSiESESHKMMglMMmiMiflKziR9BHHsfiK5KsvlBBBBH!gj.gSEigg.tggf.iij!wi!-tEtt.-KgMiamay both derive satisfaction, by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a grettving, must surely" satisfy you.j A phine brings uj.HoMPkow 169TEERIEEIC STOBJI TAKES HEAVYUJSATH TOLL IN SOUTH.CORPUS CHRISTI, TEXAS, Sept.18. From fifteen to twenty-fivepersons are deadj approximately4,000 are homeless and propertydamage, it is estimated, will 'reach$4,000,000 as a result of the tropicalhurricane which . raged for twentyhours.The city is in distress and MayorGordon Boone has sent the followingappeal to Governor Hohbv at Austin:"Please send immediately twocompanies of National Guard withsupplies, and join in an appeal forfinancial assistance Condition heredeplorable and immediate help needed." The Courthouse is being used as amorgue.At least a score of persons wereafloat in Neuces Bav Monrla-o- nio-Vit.where they were washed out by thewaves. They were clinging to sparsana aeons, ana what few boats wereleft undamaged bv the storm werebeing used to rescue them.Miss Ford's Letter.The following is nart of a latterreceived from Miss Sue T. Ford, ofrans, by members of her- familv.who reside in Paris:Key West, Florida,Sept. 10, 1919.. "No doubt you have all heard ofthe terrific hurricane that struckthis place Monday at 10 a. m."No words could "tell you of thefearful wind. Sunday it began toblow such a nice breeze, ending suddenly every few minutes in sharpgusts. Monday the wind was strong,growing more so all the time. Someof the patrons went to get the children from school, saying that a hurricane was on the way here from" theBahamas. Monday night it beganto blow so hard, that I could onlysleep between the fierce gusts. Iexpected to be terribly afraid, butwonderful to relate was not. I wentdown to school Tuesday morning.Not a child, and Cubans all shut upin their houses tighter than wax. By4 p. m. the street cars had stoppedrunning and the taxi we were in hadhalf of the top. torn off and it blewso fiercely it caught our breath andit was pouring rain."Tuesday from 3 p. m. on wordswould be impossible to describe thefearful wind. It seemed like mightywaves passing each with increasedvelocity, till it reached the climax atfour Wednesday morning. The gustscame with the force of cannonading.It sounded like innumerable voicesin shrieks and screaming indescribable. "No one thought of sleep, no onethought of eating. One great treeafter another until eight went downin this yard. We saw fences go.The house right across is a totalwreck, rolled off the foundation,the floor broken, all the furnitureruined and the roof broken into splinters. The trees left standing arewhipped until they are bare as inwinter."Fleming Street Church is ruined.One train is lost off the E. Coast R.R."Think of the aeonv: 14 men(drowned in the dredge boat. Theathletic club gone; steps broken up,houses blown down; oh, its fearful."We piled our trunks against thefront door to keep it from comingin. The paper in every room in thehouse is ruined; the hard wood floorsthe same."I went to see a friend at 9:30tjiinking the storm about over and myumbrella was whipped to ribbons."No taxies, no cars, no electriclights, no gas to cook with. Ruinand desolation and people sick withfright and the terrible ordeal. Allthe time there was a rain as briny as'old ocean, driving straight across,not falling, and continual lightning,but no thundering, and an even glarein the sky, which still is the samewith gusts of wind and constant rain."The over seas hotel is almost awreck."I certainly saw God's power in fulldisplay last night: Mrs. Wwas so distressed. She" took up my'Daily Strength for Daily Needs' andsaid 'I thought you might havesomething to comfort me in yourprayer book.' I read her severallessons. We dragged my mattressinto the hall and sat around on itand I told them the story of Paul'sshipwreck, and I told them that Ifelt sure that we would all be savedfrom hurt. It seemed to comfortthem so."My school house is no more.When I saw it, even the piano wasutterly destroyed. I broke down andcried."The wind was blowing 130 milesan hour when the instrument formeasuring was blown away. No telling what velocity it reached."I am going to start the work inthe old Epworth League Hall backof the Cuban Church. The latter isa wreck."JUST WHAT SHE HEEDED."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to be just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta Bankson, Chillicothe, Mo."They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver andrid me of backache and dizziness thatI had been subject to for some time.They did me a world of good and Iwill always speak a good word forthem."(adv-sept)oP0ST0EETCE EMPLOYES ASK FORINCREASED WAGESA flat increase in salary of $150for each postofSce epnploye for thefiscal year is proposed in a resolution favorably reported by the Housepostomce committee., Minimumwages of sixty cents an hour areproposed for substitute employes.The proposed increases have beenopposed by the postomce department,.Assistant Postmaster General Koonshaving written the committee thata deficit of $40,000,000 would result,placing an "unjust "burden" on thepublic. " - -;NOW RAISES60B CHICKENSAfter Being Relieved of Organic Trouble by Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Oregon, 111." I took Lydia E. Pinknam s Vegetable Compound for an organic trouble whichpulled me down until 1 could not put myfoot to the floor andcould scarcely do mywork, and as I liveon a small farm andraise six hundredchickens every yearit made it very hardfor me."I saw the Compound advertised inour paper, and triedit. It Iim rp.cfnrprtmy health so I can do all my work andI am so grateful that I am recommending it to my friends." Mrs. D. M.Alters, R. R. 4, Oregon, 111.Only women whohave suffered the tortures of such troubles and have draggedalong from day to day can realize therelief which this famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, brought to Mrs. Alters.Women everywhere in Mrs. Alterscondition should profit by her recommendation, and if there are any comElications write Lydia E. Pinkham'sledicine Co., Lynn, Mass., for advice.The result of their 40 years experienceis at your service.WHY IS IT THUS.(Maysville Bulletin)We've heard a great deal of complaint about the high cost of this,that and the other, but heretoforethere has been but little apdiblegrumbling on the part of "joy-riders"about the price of gasoline.Now comes a party with this queryto the Bulletin:"Why is it that we are charged 30cents a gallon for gasoline in Maysville, when at other places it is soldfor much less? At Washington andSardis they ask 27 cents, at Paris andCarlisle 28, at Lexington only 25cents. The Standard Oil Co. deliversit to dealers' tanks in Maysville for23 cents. Looks to me like 6cents a gallon is pretty good profit."There is pnore Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit -fcis supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-sept)Why not cut shirt tails off andbutton the shirts to the trousers tosave material.Solves VotffHcatmg ProblemDREPARE now forriextwinter's. heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEa blessing last winter. It it easilyinstalled without tearing up floorsand walla for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar but does notheat it. Come in and see thissubstantial, well-built furnace. Itis a fuel and labor saver.A.S. Best & Co., Agts.MilUrsburc , Ky.Both PhMMS 33 -(F-iwpl TFrOCt 1) ".i -- '' ' I " j, 4 H.-WRIGLEYS5c a package5c a packagec a package5THE FLAVOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!THE TTNIVERSAL CARr.rThe Ford One Ton Truck is serving businessjust as faithfully and economically as does the.I Ford Touring Car serve all the people faithfullyjand economically. The Ford Truck, is a necessity to the grocer both in delivering goods andin bringing goods from the stations, docks andfronTthecountry.It is an ideal motor carbecause' there isn't a want of the farmer or-business man that it doesn't, supply in the wayof quick transportation at a minimum expense.Come inexamine the Truck, and let jus talk.Wer the subject, -l RUGGLES MOTOR CO.16 Bank-$90,000STAKESANDPURSESmmmSTAKE DATESMONDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, The Futurity (two-year-olds) 7 OOflL," IThe Walnut Hall Cup (two divisions). $6,000. ' .TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, The Kentucky Futurity (three-year-old trotters) $14,000. 'WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, The Cumherland, "with the beat fieldor -pacersof the year,' $2,000. "" :"THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2, The Transylvania, $5,000. " V.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, the Lexington (two-year-old trotters) $ 2,0 00, ; -.hackedby the freerfor-all pace, $1,500. ' v :SATURDAY, OCTOBER 4, The Kentucky (three-year-old trotters)' -1$2,000 and the Free-for-All trot, $1,500. x flMONDAY, OCTOBER 6, The Phoenix Hotel Prize (probably tie .fastest pacing race of the year) $3,"O0O. ' - . : iCTUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, The-Castleton (a second Transylvania) '$3,000, and the Pacing Futurity $2,000. ,WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER'S, The Ashland (two - iiTisions) U i .THURSDAY, OCTOBER 9, no stakes, but four purses arrreraW- f:$4,500 - - . " 5 K '''..Every day there will be four races and every parse will ?be for "'? '$l,000for more. - ' t . '" .The Royal Scotch Higiilaaders-Baad. whik i ti- w." i Xjmer aeason. of twelve week at tleC?t7? will pf daily oojMrrtt, ,before the warduring the war3SAr.t:4'NOWi.se,s .XJiRow, Paris, Ky.-tSept. 29TOOct. 10-I " .-"1ST, P-Million DoOar "W-T. .J ... -f:.i vr- -.v v-A- -r. ; 'vfc 'JI:- !7 " !,M'"-V".0::'&. --.:vrf J" 4 1 .?T!-I3I.W,fHE BOultBOJl ( 1 U1T0URFRIDAY, SIFMMBER If, 11'a-.11-:.' ilr.iltt'fK;,'lIATONIA RACE 1IEETIHG OPENSra)ESDAY, SEPT. 24.The opening event of -the comingX.atonia meeting, which gets intoswing Wednesday, September 24,will bet the X.atonia Handicap, anevent for three-year-olds and upward at one pnile and a sixteenth,with $6,000 added. This race takesthe place of the Inaugural Handicapgiven by the former management.Fifty-four entries have been secured,including such stars of the turf asDunboyne, Lucullite, Purchase,CudgelJ'War Pennant, Billy Kelly,Vexatious and all the good westernhorses.y tGeneral Manager Winn is in aquandary as to his stake dates. Atthe present time it looks as thoughthe world's series baseball games willbe played in Cincinnati and untilthese dates are definitely settled Colonel Winn does not want to name thelate at the running of the Latonia.Championship Stake. It is likelythat there will be racing on the daysthe teams play in Cincinnati, although, it has been suggested to themanagement to start racing at 9:30or 10 o'clock in the morning, whichwould igive them time to completethe seven race program about 1o'clock and give everyone an opportunity .jto attend both the races andthe ball games.It has also been suggested to layoff on the baseball days, inasmuch asthere are two open dates before thexaces begin and and three open days"before Churchill Downs opens. It isnot likely that more than five ballball games will be played in Cincinnati, all told. However, this doesnot set well with the Latonia management, and it is likely that therewill be no change in the openingdate.The only thing Col. Winn wantsto avoid is having the LatoniaChampionship race run on a day onwhich there is a ball game. He hastentatively set Saturday, October 11,as theday, but does not wish to makean official announcement of the sajmeuntil he is certain there will be noball game."ETOLMEK, PARISIANS DEVELOP-INCx LETCHEE TIMBERLANDS.K. B. Daniels, formerly of Paris, isgetting a large hardwood timber development well under way on theheadwaters of the Cumberland Riverin Letcher county. The logs, someof the largest in Easter Kentucky inyears re being carried across Cumberland Mountains several miles onan incline to Pardee, Va., a shippingpoint1 in Wise county, where theyare loaded onto cars and shipped tothe Wood-Mosaic Company, Louisville. The work will last severalyears, according to Mr. Daniel. Mostof the logs marketed this way areyellow poplar.GREAT PROGRAM AT LEXINGTON'S PALL TROTS.The progfWn for the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Association's 47th annual fall meeting atLexington, September 29 to October11, was completed with the closingof the purse events on the same date.Both as to quality and number theentries are highly pleasing to President Ed. A. Tipton, than whom thereis no better judge of the possibilities of a light harness racing program. "We are assured of a wonderfulmeeting," said he, "if the weather isright. We have the vhorses and wehave the people to see them race.By the reservations that havebeen jmade and are being made forrooms, we are assured of a big attendance, and to those from otherStates will be added hundreds whowill. come daily by motor and trainfrom points within a radius of onehundred miles of Lexington. Withsuch horses as are coming from allcorners of the country the racing iscertain to be more keenly contestedthan it has been at any other pointon the Grand Circuit."oWEATHER PROPHET ASA MARTIN SAYS SNOW OCT. 13.rGOOD ATTRACTIONS 'BEINGBOOKED IXR PARIS GRANDManager Clarence Sprake, of theParis Grand and The Alamo, informed THE NEWS nan yesterday Hathe is booking a number of highclass attractions for the fall aridwinter circuit, to appear at TheI Paris Grand. Among these are Co-burn's Minstrels, which comes oh October 6, three high-class musicalcomedy attractions, a number of legitimate stage attractions, that willbe sure to please the taste of themost fastidious. Manager Sprakeassures us that there will oe no"bum" vaudeville attractions included in any of the bookings, 'and tha'tthe theatre-goers of Paris 'will at lasthave something out of the Ordinaryin the way of attractions at theGrand. He is not yet at liberty tomake public a full list of the bookings, but as soon as all arrangejments have been carried forward,due announcement of the attractionswill be made through the localpress. Some of these are booked foran appearance at the Grand in theearly part of October. The bookingswill continue through the wintermonths as long as the patronage andthe character of the attractions warrants.Colonel Asa Martin, Lexingtonweather pronosticator, who claims tohave the "edge" on both the groundhog and the goose bone when itcomes to reliable, unvarnished, unadulterated, home grown metrological "dope," announced Wednesdaythat the first snow this year for theBluegrass region, would fall on Monday, October 13.Colonel Martin says that he isnow making up his observations forthe coming winter and with the firstsnow scheduled for the above date, itbehooves, folks to make preparationsfor cold weather. ,'oDESIRABLE SUBURBAN FARM ATAUCTION WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.The desirable 16 acre suburbanhome of the late Mr. W- J. Kiser willbe sold at public auction, on thepremises on the Clintonville pike,near Paris, on Wednesday, September 24, at 10 o'clock. This is a verydesirable small farm and is in an excellent neighborhood.At the same tijme and place all ofthe stock, crops and implements willalso be sold. For particulars seeHarris & Speakes, agents for Mr. F.P. Kiser, the admanistrator.(19-3t)CELEBRATE CONSTITUTION DAYEVERY DAY AN OPENINGIt's "opening day" every day at ourstore, where millinery for ladies ofexacting taste is made and displayed.There are styles and styles, and pilesof styles. Many already in and morecoming. An inspection cordially invited. For the newest, the latest,the best seeMRS.' CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)FALL SEEDSBtst quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety." Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf)In accordance with the proclamation issued by Governor Black, supplemented by a local one issued byMayor B. B. January, the citizens ofParis gathered at the court house inthis city Wednesday afternoon atthree o'clock, for the purpose of celebrating "Constitution Day."The meeting, which was held under the auspices of Jemima JohnsonChapter, Daughters of AmericanRevolution, was attended by a largecrowd. Miss Blanche Lilleston, Re-,gent of the Chapter, presided. Theinvocation was delivered by Rev.Dr. B. F. Orr, followed by a saluteto the flag, by the Boy Scouts.Music was rendered by the Community Chorus. ' This was followed byan inspiring and eloquent addressby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, Rev. J. T.Sharrard pronounced the benedic-Jtion.oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)HUN DOG TAKES PRIZE.WAR TAXES ELIMINATED INPIGURING ON INCOME.Responding to inquiries the Bureau of Internal Revenue has -announcedthat virtually all Federaltaxes, even the two cents paid forthe privilege of an ice cream soda,may be deducted from gross incomein computing income taxes.It is a very long way from Coblenz, Germany, to the KentuckyState Fair, in Louisville, Kentucky,but the big German police dog own-ed by Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of Frankfort, formerly of Paris, made thetrip, wearing the purple and theblue ribbon.The foreign born dog got the blueribbon in the Belgian shepherd dogclass, and the purple ribbon for' being the best dog of his class. Thedog was brought to Mr. Ward byhis nephew, Lieutenant James ClayWard, of Paris. While classed as a'German police dog, it is really a Belgian shepherd, and is thus registeredby the American Kennel Club.PUBLIC SALEFarm, Stock, Crop and Farming ImplementsWednesday, October 1, 1919,At 10 O'CIock a. m.The undersigned as Executor of the estate of Henry Patterson, deceased, and as agent for the heirs, will, on Wednesday, October 1, 1919,on tie premises of the late Henry Patterson, near Millersburg, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, offer for sale at public outery, to 1he highest and"best bidder, the following described personal 'property -and real estate:PERSONAL PROPERTY5 cood milch cows and 1 long yearling heifer; '2 good -work horses;1 buggy and harness; 1 surrey; spjs,.1 open buggy and spring wagon; t1 lot of corn in shock; iSeveral articles of household furniture;A nupiber of farming implements', including 1 two-horse wagon, 1 harrow, and many other articles too numerous to mention.,51 ACRES OP LAUDAt the same time and place, the undersigned, as agent for the heirsof Henry Patterson, deceased, will offer for sale, at public outcry, tothe Highest and best bidder, 51 acres of land, -more or less, which landis located just on the outskirts Of the City of Millersburg, on the Cynthians. and Millersburg turnpike. There is located on this land an excellent residence of 7 rooms, a good stock and tobacco barn combined,and all necessary out-buildings." This farm is well-fenced and well watered, and is in a high state of cultivation. It is within one-fourth mileof the city limits of Millersburg, and is convenient to the best schooltown. in the State. ' t sThis farm will be sold for -the purpose of -settling the estate ofHenry Patterson, deceased. The sale, as to the personal property and thefarming lands, will begin promptly at 10 o'clock, on Wednesday, October1, 119.TERMS As ,to personal property, all sums of $ 2 0.00 and under,c&sh'dn hand; over that amount, good, bankable notes, due and payableMarch 1, 1920, bearing 6 per cent interest from date, will be accepted..eipisas to the sale of the land will be: One-third or more, to be-paid kL cash on March 1, 1920, the remainder in one and two years, withwer.tcent. interest from -March X, 1920, and to be secured by aPEETY-POURYEARLINGS$48,225. 'BRINGAt the Kentucky Sales Company'sauction" in Tattersalls at Lexington,Tuesday night, 5"i yearling thorooughbreds brought $43,225, an average of 5893. The eighteen head ofyoungsters bred in Oklahoma by Williams Brothers brought $1,700, andthey furnished the interest for thelarge attendance. They were generally well grown and well formed.In this sale Mr. John Wiggins, ofParis, had a brown colt by Jim Gaffney -Ducies, which was purchasedby John A Hynes, of Baltimore,Md., for $500. 'DESIRABLE SUBURBAN PARM ATAUCTION WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.ft -- . f.!lM ILldlMIUlllillllllllillllllllJ Md9PlillHjlSllam "-'HIBW ' HffliJRs8HbSf BilltT. '-73'fV?JWhat Other Phongraph DaresThis Test?DID you ask some one about the Edison Tone-Test recital givenlast Monday at the Paris Opera House? The startled audience heard the living voices of Collins and Harlan flood the packedhouse. It then heard the New Edison matck those voices, evenunto their finest shading and feeling. Any one who was presentwill tell you:The art of the living artist andits RM-CRMA TION by the NewMdison can not be told apartIt is no idle phrase that you can enjoy Case, Middleton, Hempel,Matzenauer, Spalding in your own home. The New Edisonbrings all that the great artist can bring, except his physical presence. It is the phonographic triumph of the age.e NEW EDISON"The Phonograph; with a Soul"Come in and hear this wonder for yourself the' Three MillionDollar Phonograph that RE-CREATES the very soul of music.Oberdorfer's Drug StoreParis, KentuckywThe desirable 16home,pf the late Mr.tolieij toexecute"be retained on the land. The purchaser will be requiredfcoml vsecurins the qne-thjrd payment due March 1, 1920.Ios6ea6ion?of the4&nd wil be given on March 1, 1920, or before, if-coaveaien to all parties. The pure haser ,of the land will be required topay tM taxes due in. 1S20. All other taxes will be paid by the estate."There! will be someone on the premises at all times between now and the4ay oC sale, to show this property. Anyone desiring a little home, welllocate!, olpe ,to . school ;ad churches, is invited to inspect, this property.Wot further particulars,call-on on the undersigned."" I v -i-- ''. - " B FJ2Enpoir, - f;W. !F,;luker, Cjatfcami; Xy., luct. " IZfSSBSkrXl., . 3. 4acre suburbanW. J. Kiser willbe sold at nublic auction, on thepremises on the Clintonville pike,near Paris, on Wednesday, September 24, at 10 o'clock. This is a verydesirable small farm and is in an excellent neighborhood.At the same time and place all ofthe stock, crops and implements willalso be sold. ' For particulars seeHarris & Speakes, agents for Mr. F.P. Kiser,j the administrator.(19-3t)SCHOOL ELECTION CALLEDThe Division Board No. 3 of theCounty 'Board of Education, representing the Millersburg School District on Saturday, October 4th.The election will be held forthe purpose of- taking the.sense of the; voters on aspecial ta3? pt twenty-five cents oneach $100 worth, of property listedfor State land county taxation, -toraise a fund of $15,000 to .erect, andmaintain a school Tmilding.'- Thecall- was jnadeinrjBBponseto a petition signed- by ten' legal" voters ofANNOUNCINGPublic Sale on the Premises, on the NorthMiddletown Pike, on! Tuesday, 0ctober7, 1919AT 1 0:30 O'CLOCK P. M.GILT EDGE STOCK FARMBetter known as the Brooks farm and-later the G. G. White farm of 547 acres offine land adjoining the city limits of Paris, the banks of Stoner creek, and the Maysville Division of the Louisville & Nashville railroad.This property will be subdivided into several'small farms and sold: to-settle the undivided interests of Hinton Bros., the present owners.Watch for big display ad giving full description of each tract.HARRIS & SPEAKESREAL ESTATE DEALERS-'.r ';- Paris, Ky. -L. D. Harris, Gtntral' MMiagtr Coh Cm D. SpmHm, AuctfenMrJ .FfcRestAtii:4f - v - . '"--? --v-kiue uusirivi. . w .t?jjtK" "v r"j.' " '," Tr";3r- 1 --rVk"1X r$FRIDAY,-SEPTEMBER 19,4919 , .-"-li-tjM jT? -THE.BOVBBOM. JflrtW," ?4SivSSttCtl't"rf f. 1y r iV- -r-iscr - ynpj"jA-,9- -fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSE2fEW BELTED TOP-COATS.Have you seen them? They arefull of style and comfort $35 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PRESERVING PEAES.Buy your pears for preserving fromits and be assured of getting theprice and a good quality of fruit.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oHAIID CUT OFF.Claude McHargue, of Paris, brakeman on the Louisville and NashvilleRailroad, had his right hand crushed by the train Wednesday afternoon, at Cynthiana, when a box caron a siding struck him, throwinghim from his train to the groundwhere the wheels passed over hishand. He was taken to the Harrison Hospital, where the railroadsurgeon, Doctor McDowell, amputated the injured member below thewrist Mr. McHargue is marriedand has one child.oFACE SCOTCHED IN BIG NEW.YOBX FIKE.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and' , Elsewhere.The New York Herald says thatamong those injured during thegreat fire in the Stone & Flemingplant at Long Island City, was Mr.Frederick A. Wallis, fourth assistantdeputy police commissioner of NewYork City. Mr. Wallis had his faceseverely scorched while assisting inthe work of directing the firemenand police reserves called to thescene, but was otherwise uninjured.He was given ijmmediate medical attention, and was reported yesterdayas getting along very well.. oSAVE YOU $5 OB $10 BETTERGET IN LINE.We have sold and are sellingmany overcoats to jmen who desireto save from $5 to $10. Better getin line.L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street.(17-4t)oDESIRABLE SUBUBBAN FARM ATAUCTION WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.The desirable 16 acre suburban7iome of the late Mr. W. J Kiser willbe sold at public auction, on thepremises on the Clintonville pike;near Paris, on Wednesday, September 24, at 10 o'clock. This is a verydesirable small farm and is in an ex--cellentneighborhood.At the same time and place all ofthe stock, crops and implements willalso be sold. For particulars seeHarris b Speakes, agents for Mr. F.P. Kiser, the administrator,(19-3t)oFERE HORSE SOLDMr. George M. Todd, of Toledo,Ohio, while- on an inspection tour ofKentucky stock farms, visited Parisand Bourbon county. Among theanimals that attracted his fancy wasa fine eight-year-old plantationwalking horse belonging to Mr. Letton Vimont, of Lettonia Stock Farm,near Paris. Mr. Todd purchasedthe horse for $1,000 and shippedhim to his home. The horse's breeding is unknown, the gelding comingfropi Tennessee. He has beenshown at all the leading fairs in thecountry and ' has never lost a firstplace ribbon.SATURDAY SPECIALS READREAD THESE PRICES OVERApples, 25 cents small measure.Fancy Northern potatoes, 65 "centsper peck.Best Jersey Sweet potatoes, 4 lbs.25c.These are only a few of our bargains. Cojme to our grocery a,nd reduce the high cost of living. Lookfor the Red Eront grocery oppositecourt house, home phone 201, Cumberland, 633.Telephone orders given especialattention and prompt delivery will bemade to all sections of the city. Onedelivery a day.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(It) Opp. Court House.o -XALAPA DAM UNDER PROCESSOF CONSTRUCTION.A large force of workmen beganWednesday the work of making preliminary excavations for the construction of the big new dam acrossStoner Creek, on the Xalapa Farm, ofMr. Edward Simms, near JParis. ,The" contract for the work wasawarded to the Mason-Hanger Company. The company has placed allthe necessary construction materialon the ground, and with a continuance, of good weather hope to havethe dkm copipljete in record time.-The dam will be' constructed ' ofconcrete. ( Jt will be located eightmile above' 'tW Spears'-Milldam,used as ajsupply basin. byJ:he,ParisWater Company, and six miles below the old Sjemonds mill dam, nowdisMami-;iTheatw afc the ,ppintof construcii'ori isi'd'w and' the Starkwill be rueftec.Mrs. Owen L. Davis is visitingrelatives and friends in Covington.'" Mr. Robert Meteer is attendingthe -sessions of the Eebenzer Presbytery, at Elizaville.t Mr.-and; Mrs. John Rummans,of Mayslick, are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. Geo. W. Ellis.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James have returned from a visit to Mrs. M, H.Highland, in Covington. "Mrs. Mollie Rice has returnedfrom a summer vacation spent inAsheville, North Carolina."j Mrs. Richard Butler, of nearParis, 'is Visiting Mr. and Mrs. W.M. Kimball, in Covington.tJ Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greene, ofBloomington, 111., "are guests of relatives and friends in this city.-Mr. and Mrs.' Oscar E. Locknane have' amoved from Paris toCovington to reside in the future.Miss Edna Snapp, of Paris, leftTuesday for Lexington, to resumeher studies at the University of Kentucky. Miss Malissd, Nelson has returned from a visit to her aunt,Mrs. Geo. Ratliff, in Owen county,county.Miss Mamie Collins, of Carlisle,has taken a position as night operator in the Paris Home Telephone exchange. Miss Lillian Taylor has returned to her home in Corbin, after avisit to Mrs. E. P. Lee, of Winchester street.Mrs. Reuben Letton, of Paris,and Mrs. J. W. Bedford, of Atlanta,Ga., are guests of Mrs. J. B. Hamm,in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Hardman, ofnear Clintonville, have as guestsMrs. Clyde Douglass and daughter,of Alabama.Mr. Roger Thomson, Sr., of Columbia, South Carolina, is a guest atthe hopne of Mrs. J. T. Hinton, onHigh street.Miss Caroline Roseberry has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Colorado and other pointsin the West.Miss Lucy Smith has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Miss Maude Muncie has returned to her home in Irvine, after anextended visit to Mr. and Mrs. HarryBeasley, near Paris.Mr. Albert S. Thompson, ofParis, is in Allensville, Alabama, asa. guest pf his son,-Mr. G. C. Thompson, and Mrs. Thompson.Miss Elizabeth Steele lias returned from an extended visit to herfather, Mr. Wallace Steele, in Texas,and with friends in Cincinnati, O.t Rev. and Mrs. M. T. Chandlerhave returned to their home inRichmond, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Taylor Chandler, in this city.Mr. Marion Douglass has returned to his home in Middlesboroafter a visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. James Douglass, in this city.Mrs. Jos. Dejarnette, Mrs. OllieHedges, Mrs. John G. Towles anddaughter, Miss Ellen Towles, werevisitors in Cincinnati. Wednesday.The following invitations havebeen issued: "Mrs. Edward FretwellPrichard, at Home, Saturday, September Twentieth, Frojm three untilsix."Mr. and Mrs. Newsqm Keller, ofDallas, Texas, are guests of the former's parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. H.Keller, and other relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Claude McGinnishave returned to their home inFranklin county, after a visit to theformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.McGinnis, of near Paris.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton and littleson, Oscar T. Hinton, Jr., and hermother, Mrs. Victor Whitridge, havereturned from Saundersville, RhodeIsland, where they spent the sumjmer.Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, Esliand James Everman, Mr. and Mrs.Letcher Kash, and Mr. Weaver Talbott, of Paris, attended a dinnergiven by Mrs. Lillie Henry, in Winchester, in honor of her brother, Mr.Luther Kash, of Kansas City, Mo.Miss Elizabeth Sehon has rereturned to her home in Louisvilleafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. John J.Redmon, near North Middletown.Miss Sehon will leave to-day forMadison, Wisconsin, to enter theUniversity of Wisconsin'as a student.Dr. Mac Brooks, former Parisian, is a guest of his brother, Dr.W. T. Brooks, on Duncan Avenue.Dr. Brooks vhas been in the U. S.Army service and was late'ly dis-icharged from the service after sometime with the Army of Occupationin Germany.The Junior Endeavor Society ofthe Christian Church will meet inthe church parlors Sunday afternoon at. 2: 30 o'clock. This is a,training school for the young people.'The Christian Endeavor Society willmeet in the same parlors at 6:30Sunday evening. , The subject is"Truthfulness." Leader, Miss LonaMcCord, .The other three paintings were ofvaried subjects.Mrs. Elsie Scott is a guest offriends and relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. Fielding Rogers spent yesterday in Louisville, as a guest offriends.Mrs. Edward Prichard will entertain with an afternoon tea at herhome on East Seventh street tomorrow. , Mr. and Mrs. Brinch" Meinertzarrived home last night from theiroverseas trip' to the former's oldhome in Denmark.Mrs! A. C. Teller, of Chicago,is a guest at the hopne of Mr. andMrs. I. L. Price. She will returnto Chicago, accompanied by her little son.Danville Messenger: "Mr. C. L.Bell, of Paris, president of the Bourbon Oil & Development Co., and theCo-operative Land & DevelopmentCo., was in Danville yesterday, onbusiness."t Rev. and Mrs. C. H. Greer andtwo daughters, Misses Elizabeth andFrances Greer, have arrived in Parisfrom their late home in Danville.They are now domiciled in the Methodist parsonage on Pleasant street.Mr. Harmon Turner and sister,Miss Juliet Turner, of Paris, attended the dance given at Harrodsburg,Tuesday night by Mrs. Daniel Lawson Moore, in honor of her daughter, Miss Minnie Ball Moore, andthe latter's house party.The Junction City correspondence of the Danville Messenger says:"Mr. and Mrs. Louis Kriener anddaughter, Jersey, have just returnedfrom a week's automobile trip to St.Louis, Mo., where they were guestsof relatives and friends."Mr. and Mrs. James Caldwellhave returned frcpn Louisville, wherethey took this son, Kenneth Caldwell, for an operation on his throat.The young man stood the ordeal verywell, and will be able to return tohis home near Paris in a few days.Mr. and Mrs. James O'Neill havereturned to their home in Forrest,Illinois, after a visit to friends and.relatives in this city. Mr. O'Neill isa former resident of Paris, and abrother of Mr. Frank O'Neill, latelyresiding in Paris, and now living inPhiladelphia.Mr. and Mrs. Richard J. Brownattended the marriage of Mr. EarlMcKinley and Miss Lucy Willett, inCincinnati, Wednesday. Mr. McKinley is a brother of Mrs. Brown, anda former resident of Paris, where hewas in the employ of the Louisville& Nashville.Recent guests of Dr. and Mrs.M. H. Dailey, at their home onStoner avenue, were Mr. and Mrs.S. A. Shanklin, of Helena, and theirdaughter, Mrs. V. C. Robb, and Dr.and Mrs. H. C. Hodges, of Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Shanklin andMrs. Robb, were en route to FtMyers, Fla., to spend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Woods,formerly of Paris, entertained witha dinner at their home in Winchester, in honor of the ninety-firstbirthday of Mrs. Wood's aunt, Mrs.Lou Settles, of Mt. Sterling. Amongthose present for the 'occasion wereMr. and Mrs. L. B. Keal, and daughter, Miss Louise Keal, Mr. and Mrs.A. L. Burley, Messrs.. Shenman Stivers, J. H. Stivers, Rufus P. Stiversand Owen Gibson, all of Paris.SCHOOL SHOES READY FOR BOYSANDGIRI5.sxaucHXHimAutumn Ooenina!rIntroducing the Newest Colorings and theMost Favored Fabrics inSuits, Coats, Dresses, SkirtsWaists, Hosiery and Millinery. I!For Autumn WearKThe SuitsAre sufficient unto themselves. "Theyhave the Wintry look wanted in a suit,"is the compliment many women paythem.The CoatsThis is a greatly favored season fora separate coat. Full length models withgraceful lilies is a distinguishing feature.The DressesSashes play an importont part inmany of the dresses. Others adopt narrow lines with suggestions of width atthe hips.The SkirtsA varied showing in serges and softsilks with the latest trimmings. Othersare of plaid velours, some being in accor-dion pleated models. You can easilyfind your skirt here.fThe WaistsThe beauty of design is styled intoevery blouse and waist we are showingduring our opening. Some have buttonswhile others are made to slip over thehead, drawing back into a softly foldedsash that ties in the back.The HosieryThe fine weave of these hose reminds you of glove silk and their shapeliness lend a touch of completeness to thesmart frock or gown.The MillineryOur niillinery possesses an effectiveness and novelty in the use of handwork on the many models. Others aretrimmed in new and fascinating waysthat appeal to the misses and the matHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky,School season, -has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment ofshoes ever shown. .(19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE..Room For Rent' Nicely - furnished bedroom, onsecond floor of the Robneel Apartments, at corner of Main and Eighthstreets. Cumberland Telephone No.885.MRS. MAGGIE R. "McCLINTOCX(19-4t)MassagingI am prepared to give personal attention to body massaging for whitepeople only. Will come to homeswhen notified. Call nearest phone,239, Cumberland.EMMA BERRY,(It) 1341 Newtown Street.WANTED' Life insurance 'salesmen for allparts of Kentucky. Old line company. Best agency contract. Nonforfeitable renewals. Address 1412Lincoln Building, Louisville, Ky.(19-lt)Wanted Man For Spare TimeWorkMust have auto or horse andwagpn. Work , consists of inspectingand repairing signs on public roadsviTnVrlttos a aVmf- i dlstnnp.p.-- ' nut' nfAt the State Fair, m louisvnie, parig No experience necessary,last week, Miss Ollie Butler, of Paris, position, requires, few, "hours timewW awarded four" first prizesoh oil every 90 days. Liberal pay andnaintines. The one -which won yearly contract to responsible party.snecial riraise from the VrT commit- State age, occupation' ndf whether.4. , AfMt oil f iuie ttnf. you have auto or rig. Applications?5? . w tt;Vt," 7w considered confidential. AddfesM.. . . ,-.. 1, ji4x-14 west imio oireei., ijmuagy,fashioned portrait of the .subject? minois. "' ' (It) ':42 .raK,..ilrOotft umeed a mceMl a y "Vv mm IB'rJMrs. Homelover:A Sanitary Couch is one of the blessing of today. It is a useful piece of furniture all day- andcan be turned into a useful bed at oight.We have several handsome stales of Couchesthat will fit your home and the PRICE will fityour pocketbook.For everything you need in Furniture JfendHouse furnishings, remember We keep HIGHQUALITY goods. ' " ' -'5?rrtrimJ. T. HINTON COEITHCRFHONE 3$PARIS, KENTUCKY?Motor Harse Motor Invalid-rh-TSIXmAfWMAMU4rtj's-.f. o.-VJ ?-c -" -V?Ix .It-j;xIxIXIXIXI.vIXIXIXIX' KIAIxlImtx?k''V1IiiawM&ir?"!NVfci4.J$MIN-V jrmi'irv. Ts?? ;"IIIXI'ixW&.v,VV'i 'C'".THE BOUEBOH HEWS, PABIS, ESJITU(ikf VJ'Cf bgftV I.,FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER 19, mP1GICX -, .;'f' - '-T '" ' - - wfe&fr-IMlTo abort a coldand prevent complications, take. ajir alaiotaosThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35c.MANY HENS ABE SOU).Any number of hens that are notearning their feed bills are being1jsold in localities where culling demonstrations are in progress. Threenen of the Extension Division of theCollege of Agriculture and the Experiment Station, who are experts inpoultry, nave been demonstrating asimple method of culling farm flocksfor the past six or eight weeks. Sixteen demonstrations are held in eachcounty visited and on September 10,fifty-two counties had been covered.This campaign to make farm flocksbetter will close some time in December.,-... -:rBRIGHTER-EVENINGS9KEEP YOUB MONEY AT HOME.After an absence of about twoyears our old friend, the mail ordercatalogue, about three inches thickand- depicting everything from a hairpin to a house completely furnished,at a "great saving to the customer,"is on again, as big as ever.Price increases noted in practically every case are about the sameas the increase locally and with theincreased postal rates in effect, itwill be a rare instance when an article purchased at home for th'e sameamount of money. There may havebeen a time when articles purchasedby mail could be bought at a lowerprice than those at home, but thosedays are gone, and furthermore,money sent away from home is gone,while that spent here remains in thevicinity. The catalogs are still goodfor the youngster to get, and pick outthe things he would purchase if hecould. North 'Upper Street.o-""i'i............(.""."""f1GIRLS! USE LEMONSFOR SUNBURN, TANTry It! Make this lemon lotionto whiten your tanned orfreckled skin.1ttt.l"ii""ll-t"l''t'4'"""t'''t"tMSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle, sunburn and tan lotion, andcomplexion whitener, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counter willsupply three ounces of Orchard White Jfor a few cents. Massage this sweetlyfrasrant lotion into the face. neck.arms and hands and see how quickly Ithe freckles, sunburn, windburn andtan disappear and how clear, soft andwhite the skin becomes. Yes! It isharmless.' (adv)COAST TO COASTU. S. FOR LEAGUEMILLIONSHEACCLAIM WILSON ASSPEEDS ACR08STHE LAND.FEW ASK FOR CHANGESMajority Feel That President's Guidance Should Be Held He RegardsPact As Sure to Come Sjoon.-fl-.-Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Staving Off Old Age.Among many other extraordinanplans for prolonging one's stay on thi:interesting planet may be mentionet.that of a South African farmer whadvised people to eat evety day fouipounds of bananas steeped in sweetened whisky, and that of a professoiin the University of Pennsylvania whrbelieved that much could be .done iithe way of staving off old age by frequently having one's feet tickled !faSlectricityfor CidDtingft's the only satisfactory way.fllse Setsfor gating and CookinaIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.l1 SPEHT A $1 ON RAT-SNAP ANDSAVED THE PRICE OP A HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with .rats to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid of rats. Spent $1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)oHow the Cricket Sings.The wings of a cricket are foldedhorizontally and form when closedslender, thread-like tapering points beyond the wing covers. It is supposedto be by friction of the wing coversagainst each other and from a peculiarity of their structure, that themales produce the sound which makesthese insects so well known. Christian Herald.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(UoorvocmW)"Profiteer" can't be founddictionary, but he can bemost everywhere else.in thefoundjgjigraiijrgjgAt the Beginning'foe Endof the DayamThere's health asid comfortin the truly Aii-American.table beverage-- -""" TJie OriginalPostum CerealBid your coffee troublesgood-bye by joining thegreat army who now drinkPostum instead of coffee.two sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25c.Everywhere at Grocers.(By Mt. Clemens News Bureau)Aboard President Wilson's SpecialTrain From the Capital at Washington to the far Pacific coast the President of the United States has Journeyed on the most unusual expeditionever undertaken by a chief executiveof the nation.. To discuss national questions, manypresidents have toured the land; butMr. Wilson is laying before Americaa question which affects the wholeworld the question of whether or notwe are to join in the League of Nations whether wo are to forget ourformer Isolation and share with theother peoples of the earth the responsibilities of maintaining civilizationand preventing, as he says we can'do,future warfare.Between the capital and the coastthe president made fifteen speechesand half a dozen brief talks. All of100,000 fellow citizens listened to him.Several millions had the chance to seehim, and apparently everyone wantedto see him, from those who throngedthe streets of the cities and townswhere he stopped, to those who cameto the railside or stood at Tittle flagstations in remote places, knowingtheir only reward could be a fleetingglimpse and a wave of the hand.He has met and talked to all typesof citizens to men big in the busiliess, financial and. professional worlds.to fannei and mecnanical workers.o Indians and cowboys and foreignborn herders and rangers, to soldiersnd to motherg who lost soldier-sonein the late war. . 3'What do they all tell him? unanlmously they say theyi want peacedefinitely settled they want no morewars, they want the League of Nalions, and most of he American peopie, it may be fairly said, Tell thePresiaent they want the League Justas it is, without the reservations 01amendments which certain senatorhave insisted upon. The majority acJUzens say to thdse who interviewthem on this tour;"Woodrow Wilson guided His rightlybefore and during the war with Gelmany. We entered that war, everaone agrees, to end all wars'. He sawthe league can do that. 'Wb want 1Jdo that-, so let us keep pn trusting himand get the league Into operation atsoon as possible. Forget politics."Most Americans encountered on thetour have forgotten politics. RepubHcan Governors and Mayors have introduced the President to his audience; the MajoVpart of the local committees which haie met him havbeen Republicans, They have all said :"We are nothing but Americans, MrPresident"Mr. Wilson's argument for tiwleague, briefly summarized, are those:There can be no peace, either noor in the future, without it. Therecan only be a regrouping of nationand a new "Balance of Power," whictla certain to lead to war. There catbe no war in the future, with theleague in existence, because no singlenation would defy the united rest oimankind, and if it did, It could bebrought to terms by an economicI boycott, and without the use of arms.There can be no reduction in thecost of living until the league is establlshed, for nations will not gcahead with peace time production until they know that peace is definitelyassured and that production of waimaterial is no longer necessary.There can be wonderful prosperitywith ' league in existence, forrelations of labor and capital all oveithe world will be made closer andmore friendly, and the worker will recelve a fairer share of what he produces. .These declaration of the presidentlogically and eloquently put, have lefthis hearers thinking and thinkingdeeply. And then Mr. Wilson haspointed out, the people themselves, as, differentiated from senators and politiclans, seem to want Just what thepresident wants, which is America foileadership.Quite as unusual as the purpoae oithe cross country "tour 1? the manneiin which it is being carried out andthe completeness of the arrangements on the nine car train which ifbearing the party.At the rear is the private car Mayflower, occupied by the President andMrs. Wilson. Next is a compartmentcar for the secretary Tumulty, Admlral Grayson, Mr. Wilson's Physiclan, fur stenographers, the chieiexecutive clerk and Eeven, secret service men. Byond are" three compartment cars which house twenty-onecorrespondents, five movie men, anda telegraphic and a railroad expertThen there is a dinner, a club car, aactwo baggage cars," one of them don.verted into a business office. Thetrain was exactly on time at everytop between WaAimgton and tieCoait v4 MBIaaaaasTIMe E9aaaaaaaaVnil JHHPv' tat JmiMriVm JiHauiFvS9995HN0-N -rX)OD IDEA I- Open yourthis way tearoff part of the toponly.Protects the Lucky Strikecigarette a cigarette madeof that delicious real Burley tobacco. It's toasted01 Guaranteed byhi JfalAJUrt&Zb:MaecdaK-I 5& lSt ( y J.'EVEREDODT KNOWSTODv2INHEAI MEANS BUKKniiniMiiminjHiinniniiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiinimiiHinininiFB33Stf"VMThe Buick-buiit Front AxleDrop forged in a single piece from bar steel ofspecial formula, it is strong enough to bear theweight of a truck, and pyrometer controlled heattreatment gives it a steel structure of remarkabletoughness and uniformity.This axle is designed by Buick engineers, forgedand built complete in the' Buick factory, directlyunder the supervision of the men whose reputationsdepend upon it's serviceability. From its I-beamsection to its drop forged steering connections, everydetail is worked out to perfection. The Buick frontaxle is typical of the perfectly controlled quality thatgives Buick cars their unusual .capacity for service.-When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,CHAMBERLAINS COLIC AND M-AERHOEA REMEDY INMICHIGANMrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wish to thank you for yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. Weare never without it in the house, andI am sure it saved our baby's lifethis sufnmer,"Mrs. Mary Carrington, Caseville,Mich., says, "I have used Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyfor' years and it ..has always givenprompt relief."- (adY-sept)KiEMlS SZ 1y.W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Cormr Fifth and Mtatant Strttts, Paris, Ky-SKViHXlHSHBUeaBXH1I1IThe News Job Department Is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done RJgfctlI- y-,vnu.'ill "-cZ-i-"j-.-;yEIDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1919p-t-yrTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, PAWS, XESTVCK739EV''--rrs not yourIT'SXtdaey dleee lfl me reapecttr of per-jK gujintyoi ue ins axmoClng'i toder ea be traced bxck to&y trouble.fbe kidney ere the most ImportantMPCJtnn of the body. They are thejiterers, the purifiers, of your blood..Kidney disease Is usually indicated bywajdaeea. slesplessnees, nervousness,tetpondecrcy. backache, stoxnaeh trouMe, pain in loins and lower abdomen,gtU stones, gravel, rheaxaatlam. sciaticaaad lumbago,All these deransremeats are aature'9signals to warn you that the kidneysseed help. You shoald use GOLDM1HAL Haarlem Oil Capaulea immeTHEM'S OUR SENTIMENTS!State and county papers are taking pot shots at the bunch of grafters-who are speculating and realizing on"the world's oldest man." The Plemingsburg Times-Gazette says: "Oneof the biggest fakes of recent timeswas your Uncle John Shell, who wasexploited at the recent fair at Lexington as being 131 years old. Thefact is that when they first dug upFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376e mmi m m wars a a a.'YTllllIUUldThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any o'rthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emergency.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you lwamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good proi,.pective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few see,onds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c peday; in- place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorp orated)X. J. Veatch, District Manages W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.iBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 40MTFmkI The Bourbon LaundryiParis,WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not ovr110 and accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have, averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO. .;,21 OS. Fifth Street. , LOUISVILLE, KY..... v.. .'- -. .' - 0 ,..,-. v Jk-, . . v'A.v.?.'M...' 'o --;-- - - "' . '.- - ,;,. . -v j v . ,WKKKIheartYOUR KIDNEYSdiately. The soothing:, healing oil stimulate the kidneys, relieves inflammations and destroys the germs whichhave caused it. Do not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OilCapsules, In twenty-four hours youshould feel health and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil.After you feel that you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep Infirst-class condition and ward off thedanger of other attacks.Ask for the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money refunded if-they do not help you.'Uncle John' from his mountainhome, he insisted that his age was116, but that didn't sound bigenough to suit his managers, andthey added 15 years to it. But Barnum was right when he said theAmerican people liked to be humbugged." THE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any merchant can have is a satisfied customer. No greater recommedation canbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop. GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedyfor years and have always found thatI it gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.J. FEEAGENTWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTION IOUR WATCHWORDIWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.KKentucky":i . . rHATIONAL CONVENTION 0$' AXEBICAN WAS, MOTHERSThe second national convention ofI the American War Mothers Association will be held in Washington,September 29 to October 2, inclusive. All mothers whose sons or daughters served in the Army or Navy during the recent war are invited to attend the convention. Tickets admitting them to the convention hallmay be obtained from the KentuckyState War Mother, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, 135 Houston Avenue, Paris.The Kentucky chapter numbers nearly one -thousand members and is entitled to a representation at the convention of fifteen delegates. Credentials for these, also, will be issued by Mrs. Hutchcraft.A reduced rate has been securedcontingent on the attendance at theconvention of not less than two hundred and fifty delegates. Ticketsmust be purchased not earlier thanSeptember 25, nor later than September 30, and certificates requested when tickets are bought. Thesecertificates, properly validated, willentitle holder to a return ticket atone third" the normal one-way fare.The program will be attractiveand profitable. Speakers of nationalreputation will talk on the greatproblems of the day. Social features will include visits to the capitol, Mt. "Vernon, the White House,'and a concert at Marine Barracks.Officers and directors of the national organization are Mrs. AliceFrench, Indiana: Mrs. C. L. P. RobMison, Conn.; Mrs. Carrie Gibbs,Ohio; Mrs. Nora Kirkwood, Illinois;Mrs. Mary Roberts Rhinehart, Pennsylvania; Mrs R. B. Hutchcraft,Kentucky; Mrs. E. W. Stanrod, Idaho; Mrs. R. M. Coleman, Indiana;Mrs. Edith Mettlin, Nebraska; Mrs.Oliver Harriman, New York; Mrs.John Champion, Minnesota; Mrs.Grace Fable, Kansas; Mrs. H. R.Gould, La.; and Mrs. Marion Reese,North Dakota.On the executive board of theKentucky chapter are: Mrs. Shelby Harbison, Lexingon; Mrs. J. A.Mitchell, Bowling Green; Mrs. W. G.Simpson, Frankfort; Mrs. HardinField, Versailles; Mrs. J. V. Ewen,Covington; Mrs. J. A. Leech, Louisville; Mrs. Minor Simpson, Lexington; Mrs. Lev Benton, Cynthiana;Mrs. J. A Herring, Georgetown;Mrs. J. G. Johns, Winchester; Mrs.R. R. Burnam, Richmond; Mrs. N. L.Bronaugh, Nicholasville ; Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft and Mrs. Walter Payne,Paris.Mrs. Louis Rogers is chairman ofthe local chapter and War Motherswho expect to attend the conventionshould confer with her."BAYERCROSS"ON ASPIRINAlways Ask for Genuine"Bayer .Tablets of Aspirin"Only Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-126)oUnaccountably Absent Mtadtod.A friend of mine was beins vaarriedand a host of friends were presentduring the ceremony, which the minister was performing most impressively. The bridegroom alone was inattentive and seemed unaccountably absent minded, when suddenly he bawledout : "Gee, I forgot to bring along thewedding ring!" Qhicago .Tribune.READ WHAT U. S. DEPARTMENTOF AGRICLUTTJRE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN DO.According to government figures,two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,482 individual fats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. RAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing with otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno smell. Cats or dogs won't touchit. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.' (adv-sept)onris Not so.A Chicago girl stole $2.00 from atradesman two years ago. Recently shereturned the $2.60 with $290 as interest. Yet there are those who persistIn believing, and declaring, that awoman has no conscience. Grit."MRS. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW RAT-SNAP.""Have always feared rats. Latelynoticed many on my farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droyeawith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP jmyself.It kiHed 17 and scared the restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c, $100. Sold and guaranteed' by The Farmer's Supply Co.feAYllr911 u M I m k vi via nma ' vfI f I H alH aniBaaalaaaI IF J l VI III ! Mrii! illiffcitem VJ (Rfll H a9 aBaH aawVaH SfiiJaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawaaaVBgrarjBaK&HBBaHiWMMra -MMMaaaaaaaaiak.& TBanffffflrffllllntftiftiin.JL lilBSB ' ' ' rIII II llll III llltfliaaillliraanl mm Totacca Cillrjililiiii --k ma m-b aa h hh hjbb tb.jmr igfmMay Have Been Lincoln's.Abraham Lincoln had the habit ofcarrying In his pocket four or five centseach with a hole so that they werestrung on a string. One of them helost. Kecently Mrs. J. L. Underwoodof Newcastle, 'Pa., found such a centbearing date 1818 in a field near Lincoln City, and she has refused $250for it.Come in and See OurFALLOFReady-to -WearTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyHOMEKILLEDMEATSHVffVeal Beef;Pork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'S1 Sanitary Meat Market!PUT a pipe in your face tiiafs filled cheerily brimful of PrinceAlbert, if you're on the trail of smoke peace I For, P. A. willsing you a song of tobacco joy that will make you wish yourlife job was to see how much of the national joy smoke you.could get away with every twenty-four hours IYou can "carry on" with Prince Albert through thick and thin.You'll be after laying down a smoke barrage that'll make theboys think of the old front line in France!P. A. never tires your taste because it has the quality I And,let it slip into your think-tank that P. A. is made by our exclusive patented process that cuts out bite and parch assurancethat you can hit smoke-record-high-spots seven days out ofevery week without any comeback but real smoke joy!R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N.C!XIHENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"iAll Metal Window Screens 1and Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of WindowStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, thinkSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.HisName is T.and he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave.,. Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to ''Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenJ man in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourbon.county are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.J Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asJ the best by all good architects.(Detroit JewelSPECIAL. and FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us, for a few daysCome in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEW ELAND SAVE EUEL -T. W-314 Main St.;. WWEgg::Send That Next JobBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices'-.-" &K':Tammtrmdimmm. UfdtintfhmnJtmmapmmmdmnd kalf-wmnd tin A ifdTuandthmt timmty,prmetieml pmmmt tryatmtglaam hmmidmr withMpGftff ffC4stfn wf V VA0Kkmama thm tehmeco m mmAperfect condition.0creens and Weatherof WINDOWA; HENDRICKSnzunmnnStoves, RangesSPICERParis, Kentuckyti5i9tTmimof Printing to Th--C!9rmLLmi j; jiff.fM:viKjy!,'' ;- .-.-' -j? : , -'vire.adfe . . - j5-., &,-.,' . -- s: . !'&-' ;---; 4- x 'It"? ff- i. iTHE BOtTSBOH MEWS, PAXSS KEHTTJCKT 'FRIDAY, SEPTBMBKR 1$, ligMOIIGHT'.MILLERSBURGMiss Sallie Mclntyre, who lias"been quite ill, is convalescent.- School supplies at Caldwell's'.,. Prices right. iMr. H. A. Sheeler has returned- after a Tisit to visit to' relatives atCtermantown.Sour pickles at Caldwell's.Price 2 for 5 cents.Mr. G. Wv Bramblette is rebuilding his nome, distroyed by fire last- ;week., - Mrs. Bayles DeBell arrived Wednesday as the guest of her daughter,- Mrs. JR. M. Caldwell.Sirs. D. P. Jones left yesterdayfor a visit to her daughter, Mrs. F.J. Davis, in Louisville.Heintz sweet pickels at Caldwell's 30 cents a pint.Miss Hattie Wood returned Saturday after a two-weeks' visit to relatives at Parkersburg, W. Va.Mr. E. T. Sheeler sold his homeon Vine street, on Monday, to Jas..Wood, of Blue Licks, for $4,500.. Rev Adams and family havemoved to Newcastle, Ky., to theMethodist parsonage in this place.Mrs. W. A. Munsing, of Mays-Tille, arrived Monday as the guest of' -Tier mother, Mrs. Martha Vimont.. Mrs. Anna Darnell sustained afall a few days ago, bruising the backof her head, and has since been quiteill.Little Miss Mary Alice Court-ney entertained a few of Tier girl'friends Monday with a birthday din-' Sng.; , Drink Governor's Cup Coffee. It-will save you money. Sold at' Caldwell's. Mrs. Addie Young and aunt havejmoved to the property lately purposed of Mrs. Wm. Miller, from thatof Mrs. J. L. Hill.Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Brumfield,&nd Mr. and Mrs. John T. Wood, ofNicholasville, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. C. C. Chanslor, Thursday.At the Christian church a'special service was held in honor ofMiss Anna Smith, who has beeno.-teacher in the Sunday School fortnany years. The day was called-Anna Smith Day." At the Methodist church Dr. C. C. Fisher, of theMillersburg College, welcomed theincoming pastor. Rev. F. P. Adams,and the cadets of the MillersburgMilitary Institute and the youngladies who are attending the Millers-.nri-rrniiee-fi. A SDecial musical- program was rendered by the choir.Mrs.-J. D. Redd entertained atner home Monday evening with a"Mother Goose" party, in honor ofiher niece, Miss Elizabeth Gleason, ofWashington, D.vC. Forty young people were present, wearing costumesrepresenting the various charactersin the "Mother 'Goose" tales. MissGlasson, the guest of honor, represented "The Queen of Hearts." Theguests were presented to the guestsof the evening by "Mother Goose."The evening was spent on the lawnassisting "Little Bo Peep" to findherlost sheep.Rev. and Mrs. J. W. Gardnermoved Wednesday from the Methoiist parsonage to their new charge atVersailles. Rev Gardner has beenpastor of the Methodist church inthis place for the three and a halfyears, having succeeded Rev. Dr.Dickey, who was transferred to theLouisville Conference, after servingas pastor of the Methodist churchnere for several months. He did noftome into our community an entirestranger, being a native of Harris: o,n county. However, he (made manyfriends. He was a conservative man,and displayed no fanaticism on anyline. When he left Millersburg, fornis new charge at Versailles he wasa. favorite of everybody. He was oneof the few men occupying the responsible position he did who did notmake some enemies. His wife wasalso as favorite with our people, andwas quite an advantage to Tiim in&is work in many ways. We recom-- mend them to the good people ofVersailles, and know that they willprosper and jmake friends in theirnew field of labor, as they have donehere.oNEVER WAS THE LIKE.Never before was there ever seenin Paris such a hondsome display ofmillinery goods as we have now. Theladies of Bourbon and' adjoiningaounties are asked to call and seethis nobby, neat and newest displayoeiris in millinery at our store.MRS. .CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12tf)oBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Albert Finney, '.formerly Miss Ora Mann, ofBrentf avenue, a son, their secondchild.oATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet ue dean it for you. Telepanne us and we will arranget clean your wheat the sameday It is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.i2-tf) .DEATHS.MORRISON.Mrs. J. A. Morrison, of Paris,Superintendent of this division ofthe Louisville & Nashville Tailroad,received a message telling p thedeath of his mother, in Sonora, Hardin county. Mrs. Morrison was inher eighty-fourth year at the timeof her death. The funeral and burial took place at Sonora.BARROW.Mr. Thomas G. Barrow, agedsixty-six, died at his home on College avenue, in Winchester, Wednesday, after a short illness. Mr. Barrow was a native of Montgomerycounty. His first wife was MissFannie Hedges, a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. John W. Hedges, of Paris,who died several years ago. He issurvived by his second wife, who wasformerly Miss Sallie B. Allen, .andone son, Jajmes H. Barrow, who hasjust returned from overseas inFrance.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Winchester Cemetery by Rev. J. H. Mac-Neill, under the auspices of theWinchester lodge of Elks. The pallbearers were Asa Barrow, Jos. Lindsay, Maurice Miller, Rhodes Estill,C. J. Boswell and John Duvall. Thehonorary pall-bearers were J. HarryAllen, N. P. VanMeter, Strother D.Goff, Penn Taylor, Levi Goff, AsaSpahr, Nelson Gay and James b.Winn.HARDING.Eld. J. W. Harding, of Winchester, well-known to hundreds ofBourbon county people, the oldestnative-born citizen of Winchester,and said to have been the oldestman in the State actively engagedin the (ministry, died Monday -nightat his home in Winchester. He wasin his ninety-seventh year. ElderHarding had never held a pastorate,having preached as an evangelistsince taking up the work at the ageof fifteen. In- addition to his workas an evangelist he served as an apprentice to a tailor, a cattle trader,and at one time was engaged in themercantile business. He had the record for having performed the greatest number of marriage ceremoniesof any minister in that section of theState. ,The funeral was held Wednesdaymorning at ten o'clock at the Christian church in Winchester, with services conducted by Rev. J. H. MacNeill. The interment followed onthe family lot in the WinchesterCejmetery.&ANOTHER VISITATION OE INFLUENZA T.TKELY.From reports received by the StateBoard of Health and from information gleaned from other reliablesources, it appears that there will beanother visitation of the dreadedplague, influenza, in this section thisfall. The disease has already appeared in a nujmber of mountaincounties, and is spreading in other.directions.Dr. A. T. McCormick, Secretary ofthe State Board of Health, has written to local physicians stating that amild type of influenza is prevalentin Illinois and at Straight Creek, inthis State. He urges that physiciansreport any increase in mild, contagious summer colds. T-he HealthBoard is arranging to manufacturethe Rosenow vaccine, which will befurnished free. ,With the experiences of the pasttwo years to guide us, every precaution should be taken by the people of Paris to prevent the diseasegaining a foothold here. We all perhaps remember that one of the veryfirst injunctions given out by thehealth authorities was to warn thepublic against the dirty and fifthyhabit of expectorating in' publicplaces, on the pavements, etc., oneof the most fruitful forms of spreading the disease. Let us heed thewarning, take tiple by the forelock,and begin right now ' the work ofguarding against a possible spreadof the disease in aris.A slight cold may be the forerunner of a severe case of influenza.Don't neglect such, thinking it maynot amount to much. It may causeyou more serious inconvenience thanyou think at present.. Be on yourguard and do everything in yourpower to keep yourself in a healthycondition, and ward, off the influenzathat sometimes leads to somethingworse.CONCRETING BEGUN.The real work of concreting Mainstreet from Tenth to Fourteenthstreet begun Wednesday... Owing tothe demand for labor in housing tobacco and cutting corn in the countythe contractors were ' hamperedMonday, and the work was practically suspended until Wednesday.The grading and placing of theconcrete curbing and guttering hasbeen completed, and 'the work oflaying the concrete surfacing will berushed so as to have it completedbefore freezing weather sets in.Pleasant street from Second toTwelfth street, will be the nextscene of improvement work, vALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery :9c plus lc war tax 10cThis is lumber Week- in theCatholic church, according to whichWednesday, Friday and Saturdayare days of feasting and abstinence.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningWorship. eSunday 2:30 p.deavor Society.Sunday, 6:30 p.jm. Junior Enm. Christian En-deavor Society.Sunday, 7:30 p. mship. Tuesday, 2:30 p.Society.Wednesday, 7:30Week Prayer Service.Thursday, 2:30 p.-Evening Wor-m. Womans'p. m. Mid-m. Womens'Bible Class Party.Friday, -7:30 p. m. Choir Practice. o -.KENTUCKY CROP PBOSPECTS.Kentucky's crop prospects now indicate the production of 424,490,000 pounds of tobacco compared toprospects July 1 for 442,178,000pounds, and 427,500,000 pounds produced last year, according tb theGovernment crop report issued by H.F. Bryant, field agent for the U. S.Bureau of Estijmates. Good growingweather now, however, is likely toincrease this estimate very much, before the tobacco is all cut, as therewas a large acreage of late tobaccothat is growing fast now and thetotal acreage is considerably greaterthan last year. The United Statescrop of tobacco is now estimated at1,279,000,000 pounds compared to1,340,000,000 pounds produced lastyear.The Kentucky corn crop is estimated at 79,682,000 bushels because ofdrouth. Last year's cropt was 93,600,000 bushels. Oats are estimatedat 9,500,000 bushels, compared to9,789,000 bushels last year;, potatoes4,687,000 bushels compared to, 5,625,000; sweet potatoes 1,125,0.00bushels compared to 1,235,000; barley 190,000 bushels compared to196,000; apples 2,190,000 bushelscompared to 3, 780, 00 0X; and sorghumfor sirup 2,631,000 gallons compared to 2,826,000 gallons made iastyear. .Hogs on hand for fattening inKentucky are 2 per cent, more "numerous than this time last year, and5 per cent more numerous than usual. Unless the corn crop turns outbetter than now expected, this islikely to prove quite a problem vf ormany farmers who had planned tofeed hogs this fall. In the UnitedStates there are now 4.6 per cfent.less hogs than 1918. Wool production in Kentucky this sujmmer was3,211,000 pounds compared to 3,058,000 pounds last year.Condition -of other crops in Kentucky is: Buckwheat 80 per cent;clover for seed 85; millet 75; pasturefield beans 70; broom corn 75; cabbage 65; onions 85; tomatoes 75;grapes 65; pears 36.More detailed statistics and reports on crop and livestock for anyState or the United States may beobtained from the United States Bureau of Crop Estimates, 520 CustomHouse, Louisville, Ky., or 309 Federal Building, Charleston, W. Va.o :LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your prop-!erty today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)EXPERT MECHANIC INJURED.While setting up some heavy farpnmachinery for the Judy Farm Machine Co., in the Dow bulding, Wednesday. Mr. Henry Morrison, an- expert mechanic, of Columbus, Ohio,sustaine'd painful injuries. A plowdisk he was handling fell, strikinghim on the right arm, and inflictinga deep gash, requiring several .stitches to close. ' iGREAT PACING EVENTThe Cumberland, the year's greathnttlf frr nanp.rs. will hft rienideti styRELIGIOUS.Lexington, October 1. i " l', Today, Fridayv IThos. H. Ince PresentsCHARLES RAYIN"HAY FOOT,STRAW FOOT"Anne Luther and Chas; Hutchison in"The Great Gamble"aaEVER PUBLISHER HAS HAD THISEXPERIENCE.tpAlmost every newpaper man hasat some time had to contend withthose philanthropic individuals whowant to use their space for self-advertisingand who are willing tothrown out a little "sop" like a smallorder for job work in exchange for avast amount of free advertising.Editor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury thus details an experience which has had its counterpartin many a newspaper office:"A farce, which proved very enjoyable and quite remunerative tothe promotors, was staged here lastweek. The lady who staged the production, left with one hundred dollars, net, for her week's work. Thelocal society, for whose benefit thefarce was given, cleared about thesame amount. The Mercury carrieda fifteen inch advertisement, theprogram, all in small type and hardto set. For this service, we charged$3.00 and were inforined when settlement was (made, that this was theonly 'hold-up' the lady professionalhad encountered here. Notwithstanding the fact that the assertionthat an overcharge was made willbe recognized as absurd by any fairminded person, we wish to take thisopportunity to do a little sermonizing. The space in a newspaper is itsstock in trade and its principal stock.The subscription price is usually solow, that the margin of profit is negligible. So, as a newspaper, as wellas any other business, must havemoney to pay for labor and materials, that money must come from. thesale of advertising space. Consequently we have no space to giveaway, although it is a constant fightwith us to convince people of thisfact. Were we to print all the stuffthat we are requested to pFint, 'tofurther worthy causes' and to giveNOW IN!Your New Fall BootsAre Here In Great Selection!More beautiful in style, superior in workmanship and quality and marked .at prices we areunable to duplicate owing to the greatly advancedprices the manufactures are asking to-day.Reduce the Cost of Livingby shopping here "The Shoe Center of Econ-99 1 !School Shoes For Boys and GirlsAn enormous purchase of Shoes for spot cash at prices almost unbelievable-in the face of today's high market.Wear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. &m hcShoes at ...$it.VDIfsf fo'oKTan.E.$4.00 and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots djo jqMisses' and Children's Gun Metal i jaBoots at $.43DANParis' Greatest ShoeTomorrow, SaturdayRobt. WarwickINUSecret Service79Also Cristie ComedyGood Gracious, Bobby??andand GEO. LARKIN inThe Last Episode 9!The Terror of the Range' 'smooth tight-wads free advertising,we could fill every "column everyweek. In the case referred to above,for instance, has the promotors ofthis entertainment reached by mail,with a circular, the people the Mercury reached with the fifteen inchadvertisement, the cost .of postagealone would have been twenty dollars. If we held 'em up, we made amighty small haul."0"D D IF YOU DO AND D D IFYOUDONJT!In an ordinary column there areabout 10,000 pieces of type, thereare seven wrong positions that aletter jmay be put in, there are 70,000 chances to make errors, and millions of chances for transpositions.In the short sentence, "To be or notto be," by transposition alone, it ispossible to make 2,759,022 errors.Exchange.And yet there are hundreds of people, even many here in Paris, whonever lose an opportunity to criticize the newspaper that containseven the mosj; insignificant typographical error. We heard of an instance where a Paris women who hadbeen given a most flowery "writeup" in one of the local papers, severely criticized the editor or proofreader who permitted the article toget into print with, the word "the"spelled "het." Small thing like thatto blind her to the fact that she wasgetting about fifty lines of most delicious "puff." Yet, that's the way itgoes.oFEATURES AT LEXINGTON FAIR.The Walnut Hall Cup in two divisions and the Futurity for two-year-oldswill be opening day features at the Lexington Trots, September 29. " (16-19)omy ana you willbe doing asHUNDREDS OFOTHERSare doing who mustmake ever dollar countCOHENWhere Beaky and 'Economy ReignStoreMonday, Sept. 22ndBessie BariscaleIn David Belasce's Play"The Roseof Rancho"Also Mack Sen net t Comedy"Loves False Faces"and Burton Holmes TravelPictureFOOD AGITATION BEGINNING TOAFFECT PRICES.Prices are beginning to turn downward in various parts of the country, but the slump has not yet gathered momentum sfneient to affectpurchases being made for ipmmediateuse, according to reports to the Department of Justice.Attorney General Palmer, who asked how soon results could be expected from the campaign to reducethe cost of living, the outcome ofwhich railroad employes have been,requested to await before pressingdemands for wage increases, said allthe government wanted was a fairchance to show what could be doneto take artificial inflammation outof the market. He said officials werewell .pleased with the success so farattained and that cupnulative resultswere expected when Congress enactsamendments to the food control lawby which criminal penalties can beimposed on profiteers and hoaders."We hope the public will begin toreap the benefit of our efforts before long," Mr. Palmer said.Propaganda, which apparently isnationwide, on the part of shopkeepers seeking to induce purchasers nowon the pretext that prices will tecondemned by Mr. Palmer as onecertain thing which would makeprices rise.THE KENTUCKY FUTURITYThe Kentucky Futurity will be raced at Lexington, September 30.(1619)B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsa". f-M?Boys' Dark Tan Eng- tC f J o 4AHsh shoes at $5.UU and $0.49Boys' Gun Metal English Shoes j a Aat $4.UUBoys' Gun Metal English Shoes . o jaat ....'. $0.49Boys' Gun Metal Lace Shoes i aaat , $1.99-s r7ifS& t-&lJit. v,s1Vt -.vT Tun - ? r 7 -?&.