- t)"'i 12.j&fm&SK ""- $ 't- '2V. i . . v r . - .. .r, - i ' K ' yJ?V-;5frNEWS.r35igW&.Vi53? I -t SLi u. J& &r. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.vVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY;. KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1919- ,,tV- 'Mhyvi .. .,, . f . - cT -SnTHE BOURBON.,SferfS5J?aSW-" - v -.4JAMEKICAN LEGION MEETING- ATCOURT HOUSE TO-MOEHOWNIGHT.iThe AmeHcan Legion is conducting a drive this week for membership. All over the State effort is being made to get as many veteransenrolled as possible. On October3rd and 4th at Louisville the firstannual State Convention is to beheld. The National convention is tobe at Minneapolis, November 11,the anniversary of the signing)f thearmistice.A post has been organized inBourbon county, known as "BourbonPost of the, American Legion ofKentucky." The charter for this&as been received and a temporaryorganization perfected. The ex-servicemen of the county who startedthe movement are: Catesby W.Spears, Stanley S. Dickson, DouglasK. Clay, William Collins, L. RaymerJones, Joe A. Jones, Herbert T. Sledd,Hobert G. Jones, Dr. Jas. A. Orr,Chas. S. Spears, F. Shirley Dalzell,Dr. Avonia E. Kiser, Fielding G.Rogers, Stanley J. Young, Kenney K.Kiser. Quite a niynber of men havejoined the post since these fifteen applied for the charter, but as yet themembership is very small, comparedto the number of eligibles in thecounty.With the idea of putting beforethe ex-soldiers, sailors and marinesthe proposition of joining the Legion, the local post has arranged fora big meeting to be held to-morrownight at 8:00 o'clock at the court"house in Paris. Judge Jas. A.Gregory, of Louisville, will be present, and will address the meeting onthe purposes, plans, etc., of the Legion". Judge Gregory is at the headof this publicity work and thoroughly familiar with all details of the Legion.IMPORTANT DIVISIONAL TRANSFERS ON LOUISVILLE ANDNASHVILLE.Divisional transfer of control overtwo branches of the Louisville andNashville railroad, which, howeyer,will have no effect upon either theoffice or operating forces of the roadin this city, have recently been madeby the Louisville & Nashville. Theselines are the ones between Lexingtonand Maloney, and the one betweenWinchester and Irvine, which, havepreviously been under the jurisdiction of the Eastern Division, of whichjvrr. M. Sergeant is Superintendent,with headquarters at Ravenna.i?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTS.FRANK & CO.LAtIES, OUTFITTERSV. Automobile Delivery.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe three-story brick businesshouse known as the Howard House,belonging to Mrs. Nellie StokerHighland, was sold at public auctionTuesday by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. The property was purchased by the Thornton heirs, nephewsand nieces of Mrs. Highland, for?6,500. The property is at present occupied by Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeCrosdale.The sixteen-acre faijm of the lateMr. W. J. Kiser, with improvements,located on the Clintonville pike, onehalf mile from Paris, was sold atpublic auction on the premises Wednesday by the administrator, Mr.Frank P. Kiser. The sale was conducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes, of the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, of Paris. Thebidding was lively with a good-sizedcrowd in attendance. The place waspurchased by Mr. Kelley Haley, fora total of $9,500. While this salewas in progress Mr. L. D. Harris,general manager for Harris . &Speakes, sold a tract of ten acres,just across from the Kiser place,belonging to W. S. Haggard, thepurchaser being Willis Jacoby, for?9,000.oTOBACCO PRICES LOOK VERYPROMISING.The Cincinnati Enquirer of Sundayhas this note, which will be of interest to all interestedf in the growingand handling of the new tobaccocrop: "With the early liberal estimates of the 1919 crop of tobaccomaterially reduced by adverse growing conditions during the summerperiod, the prediction of high pricesfor new crop stock when the looseleaf season opens in another monthor two seems entirely justified."oFUGITIVE 'ARRESTEDDeputy Sheriff Robert Gilkey arrested James Ritchie, of Nicholascounty, near North Middletown,Wednesday, and brought him toParis. A warrant had been in thehands of the Bourbon county officerssince last March. T-he warrant wassworn out by Thomas Workman, ofNicholas county, charging Ritcmewith' a statutory offense. Ritchiewas turned over to Sheriff JamesMyers, of Nicholas cQuntywho took,"hinTback to Carlisle.jfln ,i,i- V- 'p-V4V'LINEMAN ELECTROCUTED WHILE' AT WORK ON LINE.With an electric current of 2,500voltage passing through his body,John Webb, aged 26, a lineman inthe employ of the Cumberland Telephone Co., in this city, met death atthe corner of Main and Secondstreet yesterday morning, while atwork on a pole at that place.Webb and several others had beensent to the place to make some repairs to the long distance line. Thishad been successfully done, and themen, with the exception of Webb,has descended to the ground. Webbwas endeavoring to take in the slackin the line which carried the electric ligh$ current, so as to free itfrom possible contact with' theother wires, when he was seen tosuddenly become rigid, in which position he remained for several seconds, hanging by his safety belt, andthen fell forward on the wires. Suspecting something wrong his fellowworkmen rigged up a block andtackle arangement, by which theywere enabled to go to his rescue.When the unfortunate man was lowered to the ground, it was found thatlife was extinct, his death havingbeen instantaneous. Physicans werehastily summoned, and worked withhim for some time, but the vitalspark had fled beyond recall. It wasstated that Webb at the time he wasstricken, had both hands in contactwith the high voltage wires whichcarry the current of the Paris Gas &Electric Co., at that point. When hefell his body was against these wires.One arm and one hand were severelyburned by the deadly current. Thebody was taken in charge by Undertaker George R. Davis.Webb was a son of Mr. and Mrs.James Webb, of Paris, . He had beenin the employ of the CumberlandCo. for about six years. Previous tothat he had been with the ParisHome Telephone. He had been inthe army service, and had but latelyreturned to Paris. ' He was highly regarded by his associates, and by hisemployers. He was married someyears ago to Miss Bettie Hull, ofFlepning county, who, with one child,a daughter, six years old, survivehim. He is also survived by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Webb, twobrothers, Asa Webb, in the service onboard the U.-S. S. "Utah," and Colonel Webb, of this city, and two sisters, Mrs. Mattie Sammon and MissMay Eliza Webb, both of this county.Coroner Davis was busy yesterdayshaping up for a Coronial investigation of the causes leading up - toWebb's de'attf. The- inquest- willprobably be held late this afternoon.Attorneys for the Paris Gas & Electric Company having expressed a desire to be present at the hearing.CANTRLLL OPENS DEMOCRATICCAMPAIGN AT WINCHESTERCongressman J. Campbell Cantrillopened the Democratic campaign inClark county with a rousing addressat the court .house.' J. M. Stevenson,county chairman, presided, and thespeaker of the occasion was introduced by G. F. Wycoff, attorney.Mr. Cantrill declared the Democratic party had fulfilled the pledgesmade, plank by plank, in its platform four years ago, and pledged tocontinue to" "keep the faith."Mr. Cantrill made sweeping defense of the peace treaty and theLeague of Nations. There was alarge crowd in attendance at themeeting, and the speaker was frequently interrupted by applause.JUDGE O'REAR TO SPEAK HEREOCTOBER 6.The first speech in the campaignin Bourbon county in the interest ofthe Republican State ticket will bemade on Monday, Oct. 6, (Courtday). On that date Judge Edward C.O'Rear, of Frankfort, former ChiefJustice of the Court of Appeals, willaddress the Republican voters of thecity and county, at 2:00 p. m. JudgeO'Rear is an eloquent and forciblespeaker, and will no doubt be greeted by a large audience..AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, September 26Ani'ta Stewart, in "Two Wemen;"Anne Luther and Charles Hutchison,in "The Great Gamble."To-jmorrow, Saturday, September27 Madge Kennedy, in "ThroughTiie Wrong Door;" Bill ParsonsComedy, "Chasing Rainbeaux."Monday, September 29, PaulineFrederick, in "Sapho;" BurtonHolmes Travel Pictures.oSEE WOLLSTEIN'S SUITS ANDHATS ATTRACTIVEPRICES WORTHWHILE.We are offering some attractiveprices on all summer suits, hats, etc.Men who know are taking advantageof these values. Better not wait toolong.L. WOLLSTEIN,' 619 Main Street.(17-4t)oNEW INSURANCE HEAD.Mr. Edward Wilson, who has forseveral years' been stationed in thiscity as solicitor for the MetropolitanLife Insurance Co., has been promoted to the position of Superin-tendent of. the Metropolitan officeat Bowling Green, to succeed C. W.Oakley, transferred to Marion, Ky.."MERACJLE OP THE WORLD WAR"SUBJECT OP ADDRESS.The miraculpus accomplishmentsof the United States in the recentstruggle, as seen through the eyes ofa newspaper man, will be set forth&unaay evening at the Christian ichurch, when Sergeant E. P. Bradstreet, Jr., formerly of the TwelfthEngineers (Light Railways) willspeak on "The Miracle of the WorldWar." The meeting' will be open tothe public.Bradstreet, who is a Cincinnatinewspaper man, went over in July,1917, and was with the British Expeditionary Forces for year, goingthrough the battle of Cambria in November, 1917, with them, and again,in the battle of the Somme in March,1918. His regiment operated thenorrow-gauge railways which carriedammunition and supplies at nighttime to the British guns and thirdline trenches.In September, 1918, the Twelfthjoined the First American army intime for the battle of St. Mihel.After the armistice Sergeant Bardstreet was sent to Metz, Lorraine, ashistorian of the Interallied RailwayArmistice Commission. While herehe acted as special correspondent forthe "Chicago Tribune" and the "NewYork Herald," and traveled exten-sively through the provinces observing the change from German ruleback to the original French rule.In April, 1919, in company withthree hundred other Ajmerican newspaper men, he was sent by Pershingon a special train all over thoseparts of France and Germany occupied by the American- army in orderto view at first hand our- accomplishments abroad in helping to winthe war.Sergeant Bradstreet, who has beenthe guest of Lieutenant Fihnel Galloway, will re'turn Monday to hishome in Cincinnati, where he willresume his duties of Publicity Director of the Cincinnati Chamber ofCommerce. He has served on theCincinnati Post and the CincinnatiEnquirer also.oCHURCHES OP CHRIST IN ANNUAL SESSION.The Transylvania College banquetwas the crowning special feature ofthe eighty-seventh annual convention of the Christian churches ofKentucky, in session at Hopkinsvillethis week.Covers for 250 guests were laid,and the principal speakers were Dr.E. E. Snoddy and Dr. W. G. Brown,-the latter amiS3ibnaVydr"s"eventeen-years in India. An address by D. C.Cunningham featured the regularsession Tuesday night.Tuesday was devoted to the Christian Women's Board of Missions, anorganization that has been established in Kentucky thirty-sevenyears.Mrs. Louis Loos Campbell, general secretary, made her report,showing a total of $41,760 raisedduring the year. There are 185 organizations with 8,200 members, and104 mission circles.The report of Mrs. M. S. Walden,for the boys' and girls' department,showed 104 societies with a mejmbership of 2,171, conversions 120,King's Builders 972. Little LightBearers 694, offerings $2,400.The treasurer's report was madeby Mrs. 0. L. Bradley and an address on Christian Literature byMrs. J. T. Sullivan. The conventionsermon was delivered by the Rev.Roger Nooe, Frankfort.Mrs. John Gay, Versailles, was thepresiding officer, and the music wasdirected by Mrs. A. L. Boatright, ofParis.The convention closed its sessionslast night, after an entertainingpropram throughout both day andnight sessions.oPLAYED"TUHNTABLE" JUSTLIKE MOVIES!Both ends against the middle orunity that wasn't unity, describesthe action of the front and rearwheels of an automobile spinningalong Duncan Avenue, Wednesdaymorning. The big machine camebowling along at a right saucy clipuntil it struck a wel spot in tiestreet. Then the argument began.The rear wheels wanted to act decorously and keep in line with the.chauffeur's aim, but the frontwheels became obsessed with the ideathat they would "go it alone," andthere they disagreed.The chauffeur endeavored to getthem to act together, but there wasdiscord brewing, , and the frontwheels went backward, while therear wheels went forward. And themachine spun around, " while thechauffeur cussed. Only by shuttingoff the power and applying thebrakes was he enabled to stop themachine's gymnastic exhibition.MAKING GOOD IMPRESSIONirMr. Robert Lavin, a graduate ofthe Parish High School, is showingt-he gridiron warriors of the University of Kentucky that he is to bereckoned with when the time comesto put "the Wildcats" to work.Lavin has made a most favorableimpression with the football devotees by his tryouts, and it is predicted that he will be in line forquarterback play when the seasonopens. While at Paris High, Lavinmade 'a fine record in atheltics, andparticularly in bouts with the pigskin on the gridiron field. He issure ,to come to ' the front whenCoach Gill picks . his jmen for permanent players. And Cbach Gill willhave shown most excellent judgements " ""BOURBON DEMOCRATS AREPLANING ACTIVE CAMPAIGNThe Democrats of Bourbon countyare planning a hard campaign in thecoming State election, and are preparing to reorganize and strengthentheir campaign committees. Whenthis work has been accomplished thework of placing speakers in thefield, and taking up other lines ofcampaign work will begin.P Governor Black's adherents in thiscounty are enthusiastic over the outlook, and say there is little oppositionto his candidacy hefe. Every effortwill be made to bring out the fullparty strength in the November election, and to get every man to thepolls and see that he gets his votein time for the Democartic nominee. The Democratic leaders feelconfident that this county will rollup its old-tijme Democratic majority. Governor Black has alwaysbeen strong here with the rank andfile of .the voters, and his managersclaim t-he party is now thoroughlyharmonized, full of enthusiasm, andall that is needed is good organization to bring out the full vote. Re-j(POrts from business men who" havebeen through the'county show thatt-he Democrats are solidly united ontheir candidate, and that they intendto do all in their power to give hima record vote. All say there is everyindication of an old-time Democraticvictory in the appearance of things.oJEWISH NEW YEAR.T-he observance of the festival ofthe Jewish New Year, or Rosh Hoshana, began in Paris, Wednesdaynight. The stores and offices ofJewish merchants were closed yesterday. Special services in commemoration of the day were held atthe Maryland Avenue Temple in Lexington, and attended by many fromParis.According to the Jewish calendaryesterday was the New Year of 5680,and ushered in ten days of penitence.Rosh Hoshana is a day of sublimefestivals, and, like all Jewish hQli-Jdays, the observance began af sunsetof the preceding day. The principalfeature of the service is prayer, bothin orthodox and refqrmed congregations, while sacred hymns' and sermons appropriate to the festival, alsomark the observance.ADMINISTRATRIX APPOINTEDIn the County Court, Wednesday,Judge George Batterton appointedMrs. Lucy Plummer administratrixof tthe estate of her husband, Clarence Plummer. Mi's. Plummer qualified for the trust by furnishingbond in the sum of $2,000, with J. C.Day and A. W. Plummer as sureties.WE KNOW HOW IIClothes Are the IndexCharacterThey reflect the personality of thewearer, and should be chosen with thecare that one gives to the choice offriends.OurSmart Clothesreflect the good taste, goodjudgment and high ideals oftheir wearers, and give thema big handicap over those.who underestimate the importance of good personalappearance in business aswell as social life. The difference in price between a suitof our clothes and inferiorclothes will be amply justifiedlong before the suit is wornout.Prices Range From$25 to $60MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan Shirts.!:HANDSOME TRIBUTE TO PXOlOrNENT BOURBON MASON(Masonic Home Jeurnal)We are pleased to be able to present to our readers the photograph.of one of Kentucky's "Grand OldMen" .in the person of Past MasterJames -R. Rogers, of Hope Lodge No.246, Little Rock, Bourbon oounty.Though seventy-nine years has comand gone since he first saw the light-y -heis yet active, vigorous, has thecourage of the lion, the patience ofan ox, and in mind the swiftness ofthe eagle.There are few men in thtf-Statthat are better known to the Craft .than Bro. Rogers, as he has been atregular attendant at the Grand'Lodge for thirty-five long years. Hewas first appointed Grand Marshalby Grand Master Reginald F. Thompson, and was reappointed year afteryear with the exception of one year,until 1916. He is a man of greatbearing and pleasing personality, -andhas been cheered hundreds oftimes in the manner of iis announcements of the results of the election,of the officers of the Grand Lodge.It was Bro. Rogers, who, in th'eyear 1895, offered an amendment tothe Constitution of the Grand Lodgereducing the mileage of four centseach way to the actual expense(three cents) of travel, saving the'Grand Lodge more than $3,000 eacbyear thereafter on this account,making up to this date more thaii$J-2,000 saved for other purposes.He offered this amendment on hisown motion and fought it through.He is at present Secretary of Hope 'Lodge, and is always on the 30b when.the gavel is sounded. He served .through the Civil War, casting his flot with others in Dixieland, and after the last battle has been foughtand the smoke cleared away, he cameback to his "Old Kentucky Home,'took up anew the burdens of life tomake the Nation and State better, -andto wield his influence in making'-men feel that we are all one people,and should treat each other asbrethren.oDON'T PAIL TO REGISTER- Tlie first Tuesday in October, Tues-t-day, October 7, is regular registra--tion day, when all votera 'inrP-xis ----mustregister at, their voting places-.--r-if they desire to vote in the Novem -berelection.. oTHREE-YEAR-OLDS AT TROTSThe Kentucky, the three-year-oldtrotters, will be the feature race ofOctober 4 atLexington. (23-26)ofBLAKEMORENtttktan ShotsDr. Rood's CusMoii Solo Sajooo Ifl.Hnr-j:M4 i!lrrI.Vp.-hTTxT-"(---JfsrT-sv? -., v l,!''iicTjr ffll BOTJBBOH NEWS, PAEIS, KEKtUCKY, "", ,-yi ;FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 19ig. fl' flGE TWO 1 " WUO!- 'li.hillT -GET READYFOR "FLUJJKeep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calotabs,the Nausealess Uaiomei.Tablets, that are Delightful, Safe and &-&K'Physicians and Druggists arc advising their friends to keep their systemspurified and their organs in perfectworking order as a protection againstthd return of influenza. They knovthat a clogged up S3'stcm and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and serious- complications.To cut short a. cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take oneCalotab at bedtime with a swallow of. "water that's all. No salts, no nausea,no griping, no sickening after effects.Next morning your cold, has vanished,your liver is acti c, your system is purified and refreshed and you are feeling-fine with a heaitj1- appetite for breakfast Eat what you please no danger.Calotabs arc sold only in original-sealed packages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundyour money if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)''Chalk Substitute for Cement.Ordinary chalk, treated by a new"European process, becomes a cheapsubstitute for cement, strong enoughfor house-building use. It sets in wa-tei and resists the action of moisture.Popular Mechanics Magazine.A Mexican bandit with only one'arm and one leg is the only Mexicanwho is trimmed up just to suit us.BEAUTY SECRETS!Whereshegets hergood looks,her heal -thyskin,her pinkcheeks, isknown toevery one,because it is apparent that it isnot due to cosmetics, paint andpowder. . But . the true womanlybeauty comes from good healthjand this good health is a woman'ssecret.Health comes with good physical machinery and good spirits,..an active digestion. A body freefrom pains and aches comes with'a tonic known for over fiftyyearsas the best "temperance" tonicand nervine for woman namely,Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.1 can be obtained in any drugstore in liquid or tablet form, orsend 10c to Dr. Pierce Invalids'.Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y. uefigfCleansing of the intestinal tract'is important. Take castor oil orselect a-vegetable pill. Such aone is composed of May-apple,-leaves of aloe, root of jalap, and"made into tiny sugar-coated pellets, to be had at every drug stoiesas Tr, Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.Solves fourHeating ProblemPREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth all-through your house. It.saves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONTIPELESS FURNACE& blewing last winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floorstad walls for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar but does notbeat it. Come in and see this- substantial, well-built furnace. Itt a fuel and labor saver. ).Best&Co.,Agts.Millmburt, Ky.th Phont's 33PBOMINET WINCHESTER MANSUED FOR HEART-BREAKINGAlleging he refused to keep an engagement to marry her, Miss HelenRose Barlow, of Lexington, has filedsuit in the Jefferson Circuit Courtfor $ 50,0 00 breach of promise damages from Phelps Renick, wealthyyoung bachelor, of "Winchester, andnephew of Abraham Renick, president of the McCombs Producing &Refining Company, a large oil corporation. Her petition states thatthe younger Renick owns propertyvalued at ? 7 5,0 00.Miss Barlow and Mr. Renick metwhen she was attending a businesscollege in Winchester, according toM. H. Thacker, who is associatedwith J. A. Edge, Lexington, as herattorney. iThey became engaged July 6, thepetition alleges, but on or about September 1, Mr. Renick "announced hispurpose not to marry this plaintiffand refused to converse with her orsee her."During the alleged engagementMiss Barlow says, Mr. Renick frequently took her to Winchester "andexhibited to her large farjining enterprises and an elegant residence owned and controlled by him and disclosed to this plaintiff the hajppinessand pleasure that would belong tothem upon the consummation oftheir marriage agreement and persuaded this plaintiff not to engage inany business enterprise nor prepareherself for a business career, andcaused this plaintiff to cease herstudies in a business college in whichshe was preparing herself fora business career."Mr. Thacker said Miss Barlowcame to Kentucky frqm the East.oOFFERS ADVICE ON ARBOR DAYEVENT.iFollowing the proclamation of Governor Black designating Friday, October 31, as Arbor Day for Kentucky, J. E. Barton, commissioner offorestry and geology, is prepared tofurnish information about trees toplant, methods of planting and otherfeatures which will tend to make asuccess of the event.Since Arbor Day was not generallycelebrated during the period of thewar the Governor is of the opinionthat it is appropriate that the wideobservance of the occasion throughout the State should be resumed atthis tijme. He calls upon the publicfor a wide observance of the day, especially with the idea in mind ofplanting trees as memorials to soldiers and sailors killed duiing thewar.ITAUAN GOVERNMENT ASKSHELP OF ALLIES.LONDON, Sept. 25. The ItalianGovernment has appealed to the allied Powers to send an allied force,exclusive of Italians, to drive d'Annunzlo from Fiume, a report received here which is considered to bereliable, stated.It is understood that the Americannaval authorities here, who controlthe operations in the Adriatic, havedeclined any assistance whatsoever,pending final decision from Washington or the peace delegates inParis,The Italian Government, it is reported, has pointed out in its appealthat it would be difficult for Italy tohandle the situation in view of d'Annunzio's popularity with the Italianpublic, and also, because the Fiumedecision has been a thorn in the sideof the Italians.READ WHAT U. S. DEPARTMENTOF AGRICLUTURE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN DO.According to gpvernment figures,I two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,482 individual rats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. RAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing with otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno smell. Cats or dogs won't touchit. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co. ...(adv-sept)oKENTUCKY SOCALISTS TO HAVENOVEMBER CANDIDATES.The Socialist party has filed a listof candidates for all State offices inKentucky at the November electionexcept for Attorney General and superintendent of Public Instruction.Candidates on the Socialist ticketare: For Governor: George H.Beckner, Louisville; Lieutenant Governor, John Thobe, Covington; Secretary of State, Thomas H. Demeree,Louisville; Treasurer, Benjamin Noe,Louisville; State Auditor, AlfredSchmuts, Louisville; Commissioner ofAgriculture, W. A. Hoskins, Louisville. "MRS. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW RAT-SNAP.""Have always feared rats. Latelynoticed many on my farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droveswith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP myself.It killed 17 and, scared the restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply Co.(adv-sept)--o-No man can tell what the morrowwill bring for,th, but we can all labor so as not to he responsible forthe evil thereof..The old grouch who , remarKedthat a shimmie is next to nothing ismistaken. It is next to a girl.IN MISERYFOR YEARSMrs. Courtney Tells How SheWas Cured by Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.'Oskaloosa, Iowa. " For years I wassimply in misery from a weakness andawful pains andnothing seemed todo me any good. Afriend advised meto take Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Idid so and got relief right away. Ican certainly recommend this valuable medicine toother women whosuffer, for it hasdone such eroodj, WffH i'vwork for me and I know it will helpothers if they will give it a fair trial."Mrs. Lizzie Courtney, 108 8th Ave.,West, Oskaloosa, Iowa.Why will women drag along from dayto day, year in and year out, sufferingsuch misery as did Mrs. Courtney, whensuch letters as this are continually beingpublished. Every woman who suffersfrom displacements, irregularities, inflammation, ulceration, backache, nervousness, or who is passing through theChange of Life should give this famousroot and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, a trial. Forspecial advice write Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The resultof its long experience is at your serviceGOERNMENT BACKS UP H. C. OFL. COMMISSION.Instructions received by the Kentucky High Cost of Living Commission from the office of the AttorneyGeneral .of the "Attorney General ofthe United States declare that thecotmmission is an arm of the Federalbody working directly under the Department of Justice, and indicatethat the administration new foodlaws, providing heavy penalties forprofiteering, will be effected throughthe commmission as soon as the lawsbecome operative. The instructionsadd that in case of failure to get satisfactory results in any communitythe situation will be handled directly by the Department of Justice.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Aawleigh's AH Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.Iff. 0. BLDDLE,,,The Rawleieh Man.(8augr-tDINE,Complete formulas and instructions for making at home, rye whiskey, real beer and choicest wines, including jmaking and operating homestill. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; postofiice rules formulas may lawfully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof $1 check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales of,liquor formulas.BALTIMORE FORMULA COMPANYDepartment 78, Baltimore, Md.(29-tf)FULLOFMILLINERY4 FOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROSDepartment StereIXyQb jWHISKYWBEERSUING7th and MainParis, KyNOTICEThe W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital is open now as always for thereception of patients.(23-3t) M. BOEHM, Supt.Tires For SaleOne set of Ford tires, and innertubes, cheap for cash, pan be seenat this office.WantedMan with good horse and coveredwagon, to sell and deliver bakeryproducts. Good .money to the rightman. Apply at corner or 'renin aimPleasant streets. (23-3t)Census Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equity Building, Washington.(Z3-tt;REGet a Good HomeCheap!These farms are all in Southernand Southeastern Indiana, near railroads and on good pikes, near schoolsand churches, and well watered, andall produce good crops of wheat,corn, tobacco, clover ana iruus.Good stock farms.FAEM:275 acres, two sets of buildings infair condition, well fenced, farm hasbeen the least bit neglected, beingowned bv a very old man who has nohelp, but the soil produces excellentcrops. Farm 2 miles rrom a ranroaatown of 1,600 peoplePrice, $50 per acre.FARM:200 acres, well fenced and wellwatered, fine land, modern house andbarn (both large) on pike and 1mile frojm railroad. An ideal farm.Price, $130 -per acre.FARM:85 acres good land, which is partlytiled, 3 (miles from county seat, ongood pike, fine buildings. Farm wellfenced and will grow anything thatSouthern Indiana produces.Price, $10,000.FARM:40 acres near Market Highway,good buildings, good soil, well watered. An ideal farm for poultry anddairy business.Price, $2,900.FARM:A real bargain in a poultry andfruit farm with 5 acres of good tobacco land. House of 4 rooms, withcellar, small barn, near church andschool MUST sell within 3Q days.Price, $1,600.Write for particulars.' DAILY E. McCOY,-.-.,. , Recorder,(23-26) Versailles, Indiana.9tAL LANDBARGAINSfmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmSAVE e LEATHERLIQUIDS emef PASTES -For BIack,Whife,TanovxOx-Blood (dark brown) Shoesi tKEEP YOUR SHOESSHOE POLISHEScfoERMtLET CORPORATIONS; UJ7 VFFAtqtJ.V.'til iM'Tf " Mftl mi yti it in iiiiiiiihuThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.HHiKpSBHaEBvP"35&BHwEi'E9MHHk1 , ffpSSKfVmfrirplWtMMMlt til" !'$90,000STAKESANDPURSESJexingtO!.:FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.. -aaiifvTa- THEtTNIVE-RSALCAR,The Ford One Ton Truck is serving businessjust as faithfully and economically as does theFord Touring Car serve all. the people faithfullyand economically. The Ford Truck is a necessity to the grocer both in delivering goods andin bringing goods from the stations, docks andfrom the country. It is an ideal motor carbecause there isn't a want of the farmer orbusiness man that it doesn't supply in the wayof quick transportation at a minimum expense. JCome in, examine the Truck, and let us talk. .over the subject. 'k RUGGLES MOTOR CO.7 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.aNEATiHinton Co.Day phone 36NlKht : . . 56or Home 286I'MIHimt5X1W. DAVISXIxwm:,:rVvtif H ' ,,tj.i'"IliI nFriday, September 26, 1919.THE BOTTRBOH HIW9, PAKS UMTtH'JLlB1QBrtflVEBtfOR NAMES OCT. 9 "ET&Ew PREVENTION DAY."Designating Friday, October 9, asj?jre and Accident Prevention Day,Governor James D. Black -has issueda proclamation requesting that onthe' Sunday preceding that date,short talks from various pulpitsthroughout the State be made on firepreention.Tbe proclamation follows:.To the People of Kentucky, Greeting: -Preventable fires destroy manymillions of dollars worth of propertyevery year. Such fires hamper production and cause untold waste.Many families are left homeless anddestitute.Every citizen of this conianon--R-ealthshould consider it a personalduty to do everything necessary toprevent this evil, which in practicaljv every instance is preventable." ' I. Jair.es D. Black, Governor,designate Friday, October 9, 1919, asFire and Accident Prevention Day,and I do call upon, the people of this IState to observe by appropriate exercises in the public schools and bypublic meetings this day."And, further, I request that ontne Sunday preceding October 9,short talks from the various pulpitsthroughout the State be made onfire prevention."-oPJECTJRKENCE OF ITU EPIDEMICTHIS PALL DECLAREDUNLIKELY.The epidemic of Spanish influenzawas so widespread last year that it isunlikely the disease will find as manyvictims again in this generation as itdid in 1918, according to HealthCommissioner Copeland, of NewYork, who issued a statement regarding a possible extensive recurrence of the plague. He added, however, that there probably would be'more than the average number ofcases this year.IftiIlifitI1Give THe FolRsThe OriginalPostum Cerealfor their table drink.That will dispose ofthose coffee troubleswhich frequently showin headache irritability,indigestion and sleeplessness.There's a Reason9'At Grocers.Two sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25caSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Clay Sutherland has returned front a visi to relatives inWinchester.Mr. Albert Lavin is visiting hisbrother, Mr. Lawrence Lavin, inAkron, Oiiio.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Funk havegone to French Lick Springs, Indiana, for a ten-days' stay.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell is visiting her sister, Mrs. John K. Sjmithand family, in Dayton, Ky.Mrs. William Howard, Sr., ofRichmond, is a guest of relatives inthis city and county.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcrafthas as guest at her home on Secondstreet, Miss Miriam Curry, of Harrodsburg. Dr. James A. Orr, of this city,attended the metting of the StateMedical Association, held in Ashland,this week.Mr. and Mrs. Bennet B. Bean,of Lexington, were recent guests ofthe former's mother, Mrs. B. E. Bean,in this city.Miss Emma Dailey, of Cincinnati, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. A. E. Bussell and family,in this city. 'Miss Frances Hancock has returned to Kansas City, Mo.f to resume her studies at the ScarrittTraining School.Miss Julia Houston is rapidlyimproving at" the Massie MemoridlHospital, in this city, where she hasbeen a patient several weeks.Miss Lucy Henry, who has beenseriously ill from typhoid fever at theMassie Memorial Hospital, is greatlyimproved, and is now on the road torecovery.Mrs. Laura Connor, Miss LottieHinton and Mr. Buford Munson havereturned to their homes in Cynthiana, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. T.D. Berkley.Mr. and Mrs.xB. F. Turner andMr. Charles Ratliff have returned totheir home in Sharpsburg, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Turner,in this city.Mrs. Bruce M. Tunethas returned from Felicity, Ohio, where she wascalled by the death, of her father,Mr. John W. Maston, formerly a resident of Mason county.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and children have returnedfrom a visit to. Mrs. Wiedemann'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell,and Miss Pauline Purcell, in Lexington. Miss Frances Clay . entertainedthe members of her bridge club, anda number of invited guests fromWinchester and Clark county, at herhome on the Winchester pike, nearthis city, Wednesday afternoon.Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carterwas a guest of friends in this citythis week) making it in the natureof a farewell visit. Her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Ollie P. Carter, havemoved to Louisville, where Mr. Car-DON'T HUNT WITHOUT LICENSE. ':HMHSffiRBBSSaThe following from Mr. J. QuincyWard, Executive Agent of the StateGame and Fish Commission is timely,in view of the approaching shootingseason:Don't hunt off your own landwithout license.Don't shoot without this year-'shunting license.Don't shoot doves before September 1, nor after October 15.Don't kill more than 15 doves inone day.Don't shoot quail before November 15, nor after January 1.Don't kill jmore than twelve quailsin one day.Don't shoot squirvel before July 1,nor after December 15.Don't kill English or native pheasants, wild turkey or woodcock.Don't buy or sell quail at any time.Don't shoot, buy or sell rabbits before November 15.Don't wait until November 15 tobuy your hunter's license. Do it now.Don't kill all the quail in a coveyleave some for seed.Don't fail to notify your localWarden or this department of thosewho violate the law.A Hodgenville preacher declaredthe "Fair Hop" a disgrace to thetown. Perhaps he is right, but theywill have one next year just thesame.ter has a position in the office ofRevenue Collector Elwood Hamilton.Mrs. James S. Douglass has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Ollie P. Carter, in Lexington.Mr. E. P. Weathers and MissLilly Weathers have returned fromAsheville, N. C. Mr.' Weathers isvery much improved in health.Mrs. S. C. Weathers, Mrs. MaryHaley and Miss Catherine 'Weathershave returned to their homes after avisit to Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice, atHarrodsburg.Miss Mary Sandusky and Messrs.Dol and Jack Morgan have returnedto their homes in East Bernstad , after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. StanleyBagby, near Paris.Three sons of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Doyle, Cecil, Howard and Roy Doyle,who have been ill of typhoid fever atthe home of their parents, nearParis, are on the road to recovery..Miss Loretta Sharpe, youngestdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. H.Sharpe, who recently underwent anoperation for appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,is improving.Prof, and Mrs. Charles Lewisand children have returned to theirhome in Annapolis, Maryland, aftera visit to Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Worthington, in Clintonville. Prof. Lewisoccupies the chair of English at theAnnapolis Naval Academy.(Other Personals on Page 5)i .'.vII!HirilE-wrIkiSAVE THE MINUTES fWith a "Garland" Combination 1-cTVIinutes count in the kitchen. The coal, firemay be low you want biscuits IN A HURRY !Just pull the lever, light the gfas and your oven willbe hot almost instantly, For a "Hurry-up" breakfast put the coffee on the gas section of this 'Garland." You can cook or bake with either fuel orboth when you want extra speed. Think of whatthis range will save you then let us demonstrate itto you.HAVE YOUR COAL AND GAS HEATER PUTUP BEFORE THE RUSHA. F. Wheeler Furniture CkCHAS. GREEN, ManagerCorner Third and Main Opposite Court House1iSAYS SQUIKIIELS GO HSHING FORCOMMON MUD TURTLES.Squirrels go fishing arter turtles that inhabit Hog- Creek, nearBethany, W. Va. At least Jack Hurley, an oil driller, says they do."I saw three or four turtles leggin' it up the bank out of the water as if a platoon of marineswas chasing them," he said."Moving in that direction I saw apine squirrel on the back of themother turtle. The sharp teeth ofthe squirrel were sunk into the hindpart of the turtle's neck."As soon as the squirrel has finished the old turtle it made for thelittle ones. The small creeper justlclosed itself up in its shell,, but thesquirrel took it by the exposed, meatypart of the rear leg and scooted upa tree with it."All of which proves that squirrelssometimes get their .minds off crack,--ingnuts.o tTHRELEENTG PACING RACE.The Phoenix Hotel Prize? tobedecided at Lexington, October 6, willbe a thriller among the pacing eventsof the year. (23-26)oThere is a good deal of exhiliration in the air these fall days, but itis about the only kind of exhilirationa fellow can get in this "dry" town..r.MWill Be Sold at Public AuctionOn the Premises on. the North Middletown Pike, on0 .Tuesday, October 7, 1919, 10:30 A.Contains 547 acres of land in a high, state of cultivation and is now being surveyed for division into several small farms.This farm is one of the best in the county and adjoins the CITY LIMITS OF PARIS, KY., faces on the North MiddletownPike, Maysville Division of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad and the waters of Stoner Creek. For many years it wasthe stock raising farm of the late G. G. White, and was practically all in grass. There is no better land. Its soil is deepand fertile and will grow fine tobacco, corn or hemp.A plat of the farm will be ready in a few days showing meets and bounds of each tract and describing improvements.The property belongs to Hinton Bros., who are selling to effect a division of the undivided interest of each owner.Watch for big display ad giving full description of this splendid farm.!HARRIS & SPEAKES: -.'Real Estate DealersL. D. HARRIS, General ManagerVI!A,COL. GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneerttiitv??W ,.",-S-I1 r'M(&fftk ss- -"43ri .4Vfjf . ', Jfrx: it& V .i;-v r,..V' j ."- " V-T--.- Aft-.1V1 J' e, t. rMMt"HtMHWra-7i. -T m i. ' -, III'.r0A6fefoi"srrriTP?THE' BOUBBOH HEWS, 11118, EOrWCHrFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2C, lfltVi'tw-tm1WELL KHOWN PEOPLE SUGKTLY ,HURT IN AUTO ACCIDENTNOTES OF THE Y. M. C. A.A good crowd attended the openingexercises at the Y Gym Monday evening. The program included calisthepic drill, mat work and tumbling,parallel bar exercises and volley ball.While returning to Flemingsburgfrqm Paris last Monday night, Capt.Robert Harbeson, his sister. MissMary Dan Harbeson, and their guest,ST SK WWtSSMJ T,e fonowinoys were on te proaccident near Millersburg, in whichMiss Sackett was injured.Capt. Harbeson, who is a dog fancier, had one of his thoroughbreddogs in the car with him. The dogbecoming restless, attempted to leapIrom the car. Turning his head fora moment to quiet the dog, Captain"Harbesofr lost control of the ma-gram: Kobert tose, win u muchell, Ola Cassity, Farris Adams, Robt.Frank, Leslie O'Neill, Norbert Friedman, Milton Adair, Ussery Wilder.At 5 p. m. Monday the BusinessMen's class got off for their "initial heat." A good nupnber of oldtimers were in the running for in-chine, which started toward an em- stance, W. T. Bryan and F. Galloway. In addition to the setting updrill the "colts" engaged in a fastvolley ball game. Mr. Harrison hasa brand new $7 ball, which is extrafcankment. Seeing the danger, capt.Harbeson swerved the car, runningit into a tree by the side of theToad. The shock of the impact4Ti.nrrr TlTioo UofliflCnil fTWm tTl OHVinto the' road, but she Miraculously speedy. Everyone planning to get-escaped injury. Miss Sackett escap-, into the class this season, should ened with a sprained ankle. Capt. Har- roll at once and begin training withieson was unmjurea. xvtiss oacKeiL the buncn,THE TRAIL OF THE LONESOMEPINE.was brought to the Massie Memorial.Hospital in this city, where her injuries were given medical attention.She was reported yesterday as restingcomfortably.- oNEVER WAS THE LIKE.j Mr. Sheffield has re-arranged thelockers in both the men's and boys'locker rooms and inaugurated a new.system. Each member will be as-j signed one of the small steel lockersi with key padlock to keep his suit inI when lie is not in attendance at theY. When in attendance at the GymT.. I-.A'Pawa -rcrno tTinva airof COOTIin Paris such a hondsome display of , the member removes his padlock andmillinery goods as we have now. The suit frqm the small locker and makesladies of Bourbon and adjoining ! use of the large steel locker for hiscounties are asked to call and see , street clothing, using the padlock ason the small locker. Special safetypins are supplied so the member canI pin his padlock key to his gym suitj while he is in the gym. The member pins his key to his towel whilehe is taking -nis oatn.Mr. Harrison, Secretary at the Y.M. C. A., announces the followingchanges in gymnasium schedule: "All classes for women will meet onthis nobby, neat and newest display jpoems in millinery at our store. jMRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)QkjCAE SHORTAGE BEING RELIEVED ON L. & N.The greatest of the season's productions, "The Trail of the LonesomePine," somes to the Grand OperaHouse, Tuesday, September 30.The dramatization of this widelyread novel, which as thousands fbook readers know, is from the penof John Fox, Jr., the author of "TheLittle Shepherd of Kingdom Come,"is by Eugene Walter, the clever dramatist, who has written such successful plays as "Paid in Full" and "TheEasiest Way."The production has a beautifulscenic (mounting and it met with cppacity greetings in long runs in Boston, New York and Chicago. Fromall accounts the play is as delightfulas the book, for the beauty of thebook has been redoubled on the stage.The strong New York Companyportrays the stirring scenes of thebook in a delightful manner.DO YOU REMEMBEE THE INFLUENZA VISIT?B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsTraining classes in home nursingwill be conducted in Paris under theauspices of the Bourbon County RedCross Chapter. Should the influenzavisit us again the shortage of nurseswill be just as critical as it was' lastwinter. Every woman should be prepared to protect her loved ones, andto this end .she should prepare herself in the nursing course. This classwill give instructions in nursing, hygenie, and the prevention of influenza. Anyone interested in this mattercan call Mrs. Harry Kerslake, Chairpian, who will take pleasure in giving all the information that is at herdisposal. This is a matter that shouldgo straight to the heart of every wo:man who desires to prevent a recurrence of the dread disease, andshould appeal to them instantly. Callon Mrs. Kerslake for information.KILLED AT RAILROAD GROSSINGSuit has been filed in the Woodford Circuit Court tQ recover $35,000.00 damages from the Chesapeake& Ohio Railroad Company for killing William B. Jones, who was riding in an automobile at Spring Station Crossing, in Woodford county.The plaintiffs are represented byRobt. B. Franklin, of Frankfort, andRobt. C. Talbott, of Paris.For SaleUpright Piano in good condition.A bargain if soia at once. Address,H. C. McKIM,(26-tf) Care Y. M. C. A.PASTIME CASE DELAYEDParis coal dealers, who have beenseverely handicapped recently by thelontr nf nal in siinnlv their trade.Tiva received assurance that the car . Tuesdays matrons 3 to 4, girls 4 toshortage on the Louisville & Nash- '. 5, and business wojmen 8:00 to 9:15 Jville will soon be relieved. jp. m.It was stated by officials that i Grammar school boys meet Wedabout one thousand new gondola cars nesaay at 4 p. m., instead of Tueshave been added to the L. & N.'s i fl. CTSrS3S."rwn?iT: High schoo. boys imHnfflalarge measure, relieve the serious , mursaay at 4 p. mshortage tof coal cars, which has pre- nesaay ana jmaay.FALSE EIRE ALAM,.An alarm from Bix 17 late Monday night called the fire, departmentto Duncan avenue, but no fire couldbe found anywhere in the vicinity.The police who accompanied the autotruck to the box made a thoroughsearch of the neighborhood, butcould get no clue as to who turnedjin the alarm, The act was ascribedto some jmischevious boy, or possiblyboy of older growth, passing by. Afine of $75 is provided in the city ordinances for sending in a false alarmof fire, provided, however, the guiltyparty is .apprehended!0Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryaninstead of Wed-vailed for some time. Other cars, itwas stated, will be added from timeto time, until the mines can operateon. a safe basis.oLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your prop-NEW MILLINERY GOODS.The fall season is close at handwhen the newest creations in feminine headwear is the "almost all-absorbing"topic. We have new andtasty designs in millinery thenewest and freshest arriving everyDAY ONDAY, OCTOBER 7.TTJES-MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD... M.-J-. u- :. i:.: :.'day. Call and see them.rcy tuuaj, ? .? . 7mar when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to comete our office In the CourtHouse. Do It NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf) -THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withJ YERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(aug!5-tf)Tuesday, October 7, will be registration day. The polls in each pre-1 cinct in Paris will be open from sixo'clock a. m. to nine o'clock p. m.Unless you register you cannot votein the November election this year,when all the State offices are to befilled, nor in the August primarynext year, when a United States Senator and Congressman are to beelected. Don't forget the date,Tuesday, October 7.oSCHOOL SHOES READY FOR BOYSAND GIRLS. -In the case of Mrs. A. Feld, ofWinchester, suing Bloomfield andothers for the death of her husband,who was killed in the Pastime Theatre collapse in Winchester, a dejmurrer to the petition was sustained inthe Federal Court in Frenkfort, onthe ground that Mrs. Feld had failedto qualify as administrator in Indianapolis, and had failed to do so inClark county. Mrs. Feld qualified inWinchester this week, and the casewill come up for trial in December.Mr. A. Feld was a brother of Mr.David Feld, of this city.GETS PERFECT MARK IN CLERKEXAMINATION.Mr. C. W. Guerney, of Cincinnati,Chief Clerk of the Railway Mail Service, was in Paris yesterday, conducting an examination of the clerksat the local office. Tests for efficiencywere made, all the clerks making agood showing. Mr. P. J. McCordachieved a rating of 10 v jfer cent.The clerks were given a bunch ofmail to assort for 931 different postoffices. In a like examination sometime ago Mr. McCord assorted 4,000postcards, missing but two.School season has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment ofshoes ever shown.(19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.SPEAKING OF PROFITEERINGSpeaking of profiteering, Thurston Ballard, Republican nominee forLieutenant Governor of Kentucky,and head of the great Ballard Mills,at Louisville, admitted before theKentucky High Cost of Living- Commission that he sold flour for $1.10a barrel lower in Louisiana than hesold it in Kentucky. Thus begins tofade the star of Mr. Morrow's handpicked ticket. If Mr. Ballard, candidate par excellence, is not aboveplucking the Kentucky people whatcan be said of his running-jmates?oProbably one reason why JohnShell has lived to be 131 years oldis that he never read the Congressional Record.WantedFord Roadster. Address,H. C. McKIM,(26-tf) Care Y. M. C. A.Steinway Pianos. "Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnatirepresenting the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y. M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instruments:or player-pianos. (26-tf)Notice to StockholdersThere will be a meeting of 'theholders of the Peoples Building andLoan Association at their office atPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.,Saturday, September 27, 1919,between the hours-of 7 and 9 p. vet.The purpose of this meeting is toamend the Articles of Incorporationallowing an increase of $150,000.00of the capital stock.GEO. W., WILDER, Pres.F. W. 'GALLOWAY, Sect. .(It)it2EH52iliiiijl liiflHMlXjhe DalionPhonographIT RE-ANIMATESMUSICIt's the living touch of a Paderewski or a Kreislerthat you hear the voice of a Caruso or Galli-Curci it'sthe actual swelling, stirring volume of orchestra or bandit is music alive, re-animate, because the Dalion is theInstrumentized Phonograph."Instrumentized"Means that the Dalion is a Musical InstrumentNot a Machine.The Auto-File, another exclusive Dalion feature,. always finds the record you want, because it makes it absosutely impossible to misfile a record, or for. records to bescattered about the room.Come in to-day and let the Dalion talk, play and singfor itself.It's not too early to think about that Phonograph forChristmas.We also have the exclusive agency for the Patheand Crescentola Phonographs.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.fc3le2E ;H.ft-.g:H1l"IJM VKl MMTWFUX MfKCWfXtSfXMKCWff UTW flRW tlNA tJIW fflf)l9hVi9IWJWC&lf9FAI9IVht JFAI WIfA. sTAl W$ WlflX JP7M WlfW VAl WIQAWITA iVTIVl !'JRE3gnFINE FARM OF 170 ACRES, NEAR PARISAnd Desirable Brick Home on Duncan Avenue, in ParisAT PUBLIC AUCTIONTHURSDAY. OCTOBERFarm Sale Begins at 10:30 A. M.Residence To Be Sold at 2:30 P. M.Having engaged in other business, and desiring to retire from farming, I will positively sell to the highest and best bidders, on the above date, my farm,, containing 170 acres of excellent land, and my two-story brick residence on Duncan Avenue, in Paris. Both sales will be conducted on their respective premises on theabove date. FARM SALE COMMENCES AT 10:30 A. M. CITY RESIDENCE SOLD AT 2:30 P. M. .This Excellent Farmcontaining 170 acres of splendid land, is located 3 miles southeast of Paris, onthe Clintonville pike, and has thereon a three-room frame cottage; a practicallynew combined stock and tobacco barn with a capacity of 10 acres of tobacco.This barn is one of the best structures in the Blue Grass region, the basementbeing sufficiently large to feed 20fl head of cattle, the barn being erected especially for that purpose, and stands on a native stone foundation. Attached theretois a concrete silo with a capacity of 280 tons. There is in this barn a never-failingwell that will water 200 head of stock in the dryest weather. Another nearlynew tobacco barn on this farm has a capacity of 12 acres of tobacco.This is one of the most desirable small farms in the county, has a never-failingsupply of water for man and beast from pools and cisterns, and is under goodfence. The locality is an ideal one, being surrounded by excellent neighbors,close to Paris and on a good macadam road. Gerdra Station, on the L. & N., islocated in the rear of the place.This is certainly a fine body of land, and now has under cultivation 30 acresof corn, 12 acres of "sorghum, 20 acres in rye, 40 acres of clover and the remain-der in old bluegrass sod, every acre of which is fine tobacco land." This farm must be seen to be appreciated, and prospective buyers should notoverlook this opportunity to secure this very desirable close-in suburban home,near the best town in thcSouth.The Stately Residenceis located on Duncan "Avenue, in Paris, and is one of the best built two-story brickhouses in this city. The house was erected by the late .Mr. Jerry Duncan as ahome for his daughter, Mrs. J. K. Ford, and everything entering into the construction of this structure was built only of the best and most dependable materials. Only recently this house has been newly papered, painted and put in excellent condition. There are 10 large, rooms, two halls, well appointed bath roomtiled. All floors in the house laid with quartered oak. New and up-to-date brasselectric fixtures with the inverted light effect throughout. Has good dry cellarwith concrete floor, hot air furnace and the reliable Pittsburg instantaneousheater in the cellar always assures an unlimited supply of hob water throughoutthe house at all hours. Every room is equipped with gas grates.The lot has a frontage of 100 feet on Duncan Avenue, the very best residence street in Paris, and has a depth of 237 feet There is a garage and stableon the premises, besides the large garden and spacious front, side and back,yards.This is certainly an up-to-the-minute modern home, located' as it is in thevery best neighborhood in Paris, and prospective purchasers should call and inspect this excellent property before the day of sale.TERMS-rUsual terms will be allowed on land and residence details of which will be announced at each sale. For further particulars apply toI. 3D. T3HCOM3PSOIQ". . Of,.' ;v L. D. HARRIS, Manager1GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer-KsFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1919.TAXB,' "myi(iiffJB 5r-1 f-jjr--aatj- , -2 flFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andjet us clean it for you- Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)(12-tf)CA2EREDPEACHESGAIN.AT A BAR-One gallon can peaches a bargain at 80 cents per can.C. P. COOK & CO.oB. 01 C. MEETING.Tee regular monthly meeting ofHichard Hawes Chtpter, Daughtersof Confederacy, will be held in theConfederate room, in the court house'o-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, atCOO o'clpck. It is earnestly requested that there be a full attendance of the members.COURT OF APPEALS CASES.In the Court of Appeals at Prankfort, Tuesday, the following orderwns'jmade in the case of the WesternLH.cn Telegraph Co. vs. Chas. S.Brent & Bro., of Paris: . WesternTnion Telegraph Co. vs. Brent &Brc . Bourbon. Agreement filed;crt to be passed on call of docketfor Li efp.AI TOP-COATS.Lgnt in weight, yet warm, ina-variety of "patterns. Prices start atJ. W. DAVIS & CO.oTHE NEWEST AND FRESHESTJust in, and more coming, fromthe chief millinery producing centerscf the United States, an imposing andpleasing array of the latest creationscf the milliner's art. Designed andproduced by artists. Call and seethem.MRS.-CORNB WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)oREGISTER OCTOBER 7.Every voter who expects to votein the coming November election inthe city of Paris will be required toregister on Tuesday, October 7. Itwill be well to keep this day inmind and legister, if you want toexercise your rights as a voter. Thepolls will be open from six a. m. tonine p. m.oTHE BAPTIST CHURCH SUNDAYSCHOOL BOX SUPPER.Several classes of the Baptist Sunday School will conduct a box supperat the church Friday evening, Sept.26th, to which all are invited. Thewomen and girls are requested tobring well-filled lunch boxes, and themen and boys well-filled pocketbooksto purchase the boxes. All proceedswill go toward the $350.00 fundwhich the Sunday School desires toraise Sunday morning for missionarypurposes.oQUALITY ALWAYSClothes built to give good serviceEiich you will find in our specialBlue Serge at $40.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oKNIGHTS OP COLUMBUS ENTERTAIN. The members of the P. I. McCarthy Council No. 1955, Knights of Columbus entertained with a supper atthe Church of Annunciation, Wednesday night, in honor of the women"who assisted them at their installation ceremonies in this city last May.All present had a most enjoyabletime. The Paris council is increasing rapidly in mejmbership and greatprosperity is predicted for this organization in this county.. -o-SAVE YOU $5 OR $10 BETTERGET IN LINE.We have sold and are sellingi any overcoats to jmen who desireto save from $5 to $10. Better get'n line.L. WOLLSTEIN,619' Main Street.(17-4t)oTHE TRANSYLVANIA STAKEThe Transylvania,-which annuallydetermines the trotting championship, will be raced at Lexington, October 2. (23-26)CALLED MEETING OP BOURBONCOUNTY RED CROSS.A meeting of the boards of theBourbon County Red Cross Chapterhas been called by the president,Mrs. Jno. W. Jones, of Narth Middletown, to be held Monday afternoon.On September 30 representativesfrom each voting precinct will meetwith the Board to plan the schedulefor the survey to be taken throughthe county. The object of this survey is to determine conditions amongthe people with reference to educacational, recreational, social andsanitary needs. This has "been deemed necessary to determine the futurepolicy of the local .chapter. The following dates have T)een fixed: November 1 -Membership .Drive; 'October 6 Election of Officers.SOCIAL Am) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Farnk Lenihan is confinedto his home on Seventh street byillness.Mr. and Mrs. Tojcn McDonaldhave returned from a visit to friendsin Cincinnati.Mrs. Delma McGuire, of Canton,Ohio, is a guest of her; niece, Mrs.George Rose, in this city.Mrs. Philip G. Boehm, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Mrs, CandiceSmith and Mrs. Leer Stout.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Brown willleave Friday for Dyersburg, Tenn.,for a two-weeks' visit to relatives.Mrs. M. B. Barnett, of Washington, D. C, is a guest at the home ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. James, on Fourthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. James Ferguson,of Galion, Alabama, are guests ofrelatives and friends in Paris andthe county.Mr. Gerald Crommelin, "of heXalapa Farm, near Paris, will leavesoon for a visit to his forpner homein Holland.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Curtis, ofBeaumont, Texas, are guests of theformer's father, Mr. Henry C. Curtis,and family.Miss Fannie Rye and Miss Tillie Rye, of Lexington, arrived homeSunday from a business and pleasure trip to Chicago, 111.Julian James and Stanley Pricehave returned from Decoursey, wherethey have been doing special workfor the Louisville & Nashville.Mr. Ossian Edwards, who is nowa traveling representative for theGovernment, was a guest of relativesin this city several days this week.Mr. Burkitt C. Chinn has returned to Yale University, New Haven,Conn. Mr. Kendall Chinn has matriculated at Transylvania College.Misses Delia and ElizabethPrice have returned to their homein Flemingsburg, after a visit tofriends and relatives in thiscity and county.Prof, and Mrs. J. Moler McVeyand son, Paul McVey, have returnedto their home in Dayton, Ky., aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrill, near Clintonville.Miss Jennie Minter has gone toNorth Yakima, Washington, to visither nephew, B. B. Shepherd, afterspending the summer with the family of W. T. Caywood; near Paris.James McDonald, of the Confederate Home, of Pewee Valley, is visiting his old comrades and otherfriends in Paris. He will go to Atlanta, Ga., on Oct. 6 to attend theannual encampjment of the Confederate veterans.Mr. and Mrs. Ferdinand Wagner, and daughter, Miss Marie Wagner, of Cincinnati, are guests of Mrs.Nellie Stoker Highland, at herapartments in the Hotel Windsor.Miss Wagner will go to Versailles toenter Margaret College as a student.Danville Messenger: "John Ardery, class of '17, of Paris, Ky., arrived yesterday for a few days' stayin Danville, visiting his friends.He has already paid visitis to hisfriends at the college. Ardery, astudent of chemistry at Center, isnow an industrial chemist in NewOrleans, La." """""" Mr. and Mrs. Fred Witte anddaughter, who have been guests ofMrs. Witte's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Cain, have returned to theirhome in Kansas. City. En route theywill stop at LaSalle, 111., to visit Mr.Witte's parents, Mr. and Mrs. FredWitte, Sr., and also to visit relativesin Detroit, Mich.Mr. Ernest Bradstreet, publicitymanager for the Cincinnati Chamberof Commerce, is a guest of Mr. Finnell Galloway and other Parisfriends. Mr. Bradstreet has recently returned fro,m overseas, wherehe was a member of the AmericanEngineers Corps in the AmericanExpeditionary Forces.Mrs. L. A. Soper left Wedrfesdayfor Artesian, Miss., to join Mr. Soper,who has large agricultural interests in that vicinity. They expectto be absent several months. Intheir absence their daughters,. MissesRuth and Mabel Soper, will be members of the household of Mr. andMrs. M. J. Murphy, on Main street.Mrs. John Merringer received amessage yesterday from her husband,who is a patient at the Mayo Bros.'Hospital, in Rochester,' Minn. Themessage was of a cheerful tone, stating that he had been through theoperation for removal of tonsils andwas getting along very nicely, expecting to return to Paris Monday orTuesday. Mr. Merringer gave additional information that Mr. DcvidFeld, of Paris, who is also a patientat the institution, had undergone asuccessful ot oration for varicoseveins, but would be required to remain in the Hospital for some timeyet.Mrs. Milton C. Browning washostess at her home on Duncan avenue, Tuesday to nine tables ofbridge players, who, after the gameswere finished, were served a meatcourse, with coffee and punch. MissKate Alexander won the first prize, afan, while the booby prize, a basketof fruit, went to Miss Margaret Ferguson. The consolation prize, a bottle of Mary Garden perfume, waspresented to Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft. Mrs. Browning was assisted in receiving and entertainingher guests by Mrs. Buckner Woodford and Mrs. Julian Frank. Theguests for the occasion were: MissesKate Alexander, Marian Alexander,Margaret Ferguson, ElizabethCrutcher, Sallie Lockhart, NancyGriffith, Belle Horton and MaryFithian Hutchcraft; Mesdames Clarence Kenney, Ireland Davis, DouglasClay, Jo Varden, Wm. Ardery, Duncan Bell, John Yerkes, Walter Kenney, Arthur Hancock, Carley Wilmoth, Charles May, Calla Nichols,Albert Hinton, Charlton Alexander,Charles Hinkle, John F. Davis, AmosTurney,- Jr., Richard Wills, HenryJudy, John Stuart Roberts, Jos. M.ttii. James W.' Thompson, Itay'Tay-j lor, Robert Ferguson, Thoe. Buckner,Allen andThonfwell Tadlock.Mr. W. G. Swearengen, of Carthage, Ohio, is a guest of his daughter, Mrs. Julian Howe, and Mr.Howe, on Mt. Airy avenue.The Progressive Culturemet yesterday afternoon ato'clock at the home of Mrs.Arnsparger, at the corner ofClub2:30RubyHigh'and Ninth streets. Theconsisted of responses toprogramroll call,"Summer Vacation," and a talk,"My Summer In Denmark," by .Mrs.Brinch Meinertz.The Paris Literary Club held thefirst meeting of the year at 2:30Wednesday afternoon, at the home ofMrs. Ruby Arnsparger, at High andNinth streets. The meeting was addressed by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church. TheClub has for its study topic this year"New Testament Literature." Theofficers for the year are as follows:President, Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott;first vice-president, Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton; second vice-president, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr.; secretary,Mrs. Ajmos Turney, Jr.; treasurer,Miss Mary Spears; auditor, Mrs.Harry B. Clay.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oORDER CHRISTMAS GREETINGCARDS EARLY.THE NEWS has just received themost up-to-date book of samples ofengraved Christmas greeting cardsthat the Jenner Co. has ever issued.These samples are executed in thehighest style of the engravers' art,and are now at the disposal of prospective customers. The Jenner Company ranks as one of the highestclass engraving firms in the-country,and every piece of work fro-mtheir establishment is guaranteed tobe of superior excellence both inquality of workmanship and stock.Those intending to send Chrestmas greetings to their relatives andfriends should call at THE NEWSoffice and inspect this fine line ofsamples. Orders should be sent inearly, in order that the engraversmay give them their best efforts,pelays mean confusion in every way.The earlier the orders are placed themore satisfied the customer will bewith the finished product.oREDPATH CHATOAUaUA ASSURED EOR PARIS NEXT SEASONMr. J. Will Thomas, of Paris, representing the guarantors for thecopning Chautauqua season, has received the signed contract for the appearance here next season of theRedpath Chautauqua attractions.This assures Paris a solid week ofthe best Chautauqua attractions inthe country.For years the Redpath attractionshave been before the country on thenlane of their excellence and superiority, and never once has the verdict been otherwise than lavoraoiefrom the communities in which theyhave appeared. The people of thiscity and county have been seeking achange from the mediocre line ofChautauqua attractions with whichthey have been visited in the past,and it is up to them now to give aunited and hearty support to theRedpath line. They will have thesatisfaction of knowing that theyhave upheld in a substantial waythe honest efforts of the Chautauquapromoters to give them a good line ofattractions that will please and instruct all classes.'WOBIANLESS JWEDDING."Under the auspices of the BourbonCounty Federation, of Women'sClubs, the farce-comedy, "A Womanless Wedding" will be presented atthe Paris Grand Opera House, onWednesday evening, October 15. Thecast will include many well-knownParis people.The proceeds will be used to purchase nameplates for the trees inthe memorial grove in the ParisCemetery, planted last April in memory of the Bourbon county boys whogave their lives during the lateworld war. A list of the patronessesand other details of the entertainment will be given through theParis paper later on.h This delicious farce-comedy nasbeen given in a number of adjoiningtowns recently, and has been" wellreceived. The characters are alltaken by young men.oSTRUCK BY MAIL CRANEMr. F. J. Hufnagle, one of the bestknown engineers on this division ofA-u t 5iriiio j?t Nrnci'hville. is confin-,ed to his home on Tenth street, as' a result of an injury sustained in theline of duty, weanesaay auuut nuuu.Mr. Hufnagle was leaning out ofthe cab of his engine to examinesome part that appeared to be loose,.-i, oo tViP train awDroachedi White's Station he was struck in theface by a mail crane wmcu wo.oswinging free in the breeze. The implement caught Mr. Hufnagle a visions blowe across the face, lyingthe cheek open and inflicting a verypainful, but not serious wound. Hewas sriven first-aid-to-the-injuredi treatment, and brought yesterdaymorning to nis uumc m . w,where he is resting comfortably.-o-VISITORS INSPECT HOSPITALThe Hospital Committee .from theWomen's Clubs of Mt. Sterling hasreturned to that city after jraakmgan inspection of the hospitals atParis, Lexington and Georgetown.The object of their trip was to obtain information toward furnishingthe maternity ward in the MaryChiles Hospital, at Mt. Sterling.The committee was composed ofMrs. Frank P. Boyd, Mrs. J. P.Highland, Mrs. Robt. Howell, Mrs.Wm. Howell, "Mrs. C. E. Duff Mrs.a -r..;f otii urm. Alhert StO-fer They were accompanied by Mrs.t -ii. .WAin'a Mikm-ntr Nnrser fOr-fl,lUUl5w"lclJr wvvrf.Thompson Tarr, Thos.XSSXiIX!IF YOU AREx Wear a Warner's Rust Proof itx itself. . They area slender woman.::I No corset that,! ' iMilHARRY224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.; st.iJ-Let usfumteKVour HomeVriru and fcWu.-.f V"rTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36. Motor Hearse::You don't need a maid to ,put your corset on for you .as easy to put on asIf you have large hips, out ofproportion to theWarner ModelFor ALarge WomanIt will shape your figure into itsfashionable contour, accurately 1,and permanently decreasing its Itsize.we know will accomplish' so-nmeli.PRICE $1.50 TO $500L BR.taJVWMrs. HomelcVer:You will find in our store everything to makeyour home beautiful and comfortable. Whetherfor parlor, bed room, dining room or kitchen wehave the kind of furniture you Want.We handle only HIGH QUALITY Furnitureand Rugs. We keep the PRICE righu downLOW. Gome', let us show you.A beautifully furnished home refines the children and keeps them at home. It also pleases your.husband.'J"" 'wx 'T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY . SIXTH AND MAIN- Motor Invalid CoachSTfIpractically adiusts 1anv corset is for IX.IX"ISTOUTwaist, ask for a fc ,IxI"X13V"a-IK-".fcMMXMain StreetParis. Ky. x1iX!rfC-jppwl- UndM - takktc2-QJr1.x, vx-V;-X ..r-''V- :feh'o ?Ki;JvT,'4 ' ,4fitsVs.f ? .wff-TVK x-.tPKJlttTHE' BOTOBOH. HEm- AfelS, KEKTUCrt- 7r"? "'"FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, ISIS" " v a"1 r.ii--'"-,r'--itKmmgmmfapfc ''lKIDNEYS WEAKENING?LOOK OUT!KIdneJ troubles don't disappear of Jthemselves. They grow slowly hutBteadily, undeTmining health withdeadly certainty, until you fall a victim to incurable disease.Stop your troubles while there is time.on't wait until little pains become bigAches. Don't trifle with disease. To.void future suffering begrm treatmentwith GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules now. Take three or four everydaV until you are entirely free frompain.This -well-known preparation has beenne of the national remedies of Hoiand for centuries. In 1696 the governnent of the Netherlands granted aupec'ial charter authorizing its preparation and eale.The housewife of Holland would almost as soon be without food as without her "Real Dutch Drops," as shequaintly calls GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil Capsules. They restore strengthand are responsible in a great measurefor the "sturdy, robust health of theHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist andinsist on his supplying you with GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Takethem as directed, and if you are notsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD MEDAL on the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.RETAIL MERCHANTS TO ORGANIZE IN STATE.At a jmeeting of the retail merchants of Kentucky in Louisville lastireek, plans were made to launch astatewide campaign to organize business throughout the State. An organization known as the RetailersAssociation of Kentucky was formed,and the campaign will he launchedto secure 4,000 retail merchants ofthe State as members of this associ-Restores'apnCreates JzJm&mMiMARINELLOMassage Treatmentis a normal exercise, restoring toneto the tired skin. When the skin isdry and poorly nourished the TissueCream used at home will soon produce a marked improvement.Used and recommended by more thanB50 Beauty Shops. Sample of Tissue, Cream free, also illustrated booklet showing hojr to massage the face at home.X. A. PATONPI105 1010516 Maination. These merchants will represent every line of business in theState.An educational campaign to instruct the merchants of Kentucky inthe plans of the organization will begin at once in many counties. Speakers appointed at the called jmeetingin Louisville visited these counties,to organize meetings of merchants indistricts to instruct them in theplans of the organization.oThere is jmore Catarrh' in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-sept)oA Kentucky boar has been sold for$32,000. We know of a number ofbores we would be willing to get ridof for fifteen cents a dozen.fcErTHE BIG STEEL STR'PITTSBURG, PA., Sept. 25.Representatives of the companiesannounce that they are in bettershape to-day to continue the operation of those plants which did notclose Monday, while the union leaders declare that the strike is spreading and will cripple additional millsbefore night.The Carniege Steel Company, largest subsidiary here of the UnitedStates Steel Corporation, has closedseveral of its plants in the district,but, according to an official of theconcern, the situation as regards labor is ijmproving.Disorders, some of a serious nature, marked the first day of thestiike in the Pittsburg district. Twomen were killed at Farrell, Pa., oneduring a clash between State policeand local officers and a crowd of1,500 persons near the, AmericanSteel & Wire plant. The other victim was murdered by a fellow boarder when he is said to have refused togo on strike.Two State troopers were shot during the Farrel outbreak, while sevenpersons were struck by bullets during a clash between mill guards anda crowd at Newcastle, Pa.Other disorders occurred in thedistrict, and many persons wereslightly wounded.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY INMICHIGANMrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wisli to thank you for yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. Weare never without it in the house, andI am sure it saved our baby's lifethis supimer."Mrs. Mary Carrington, Caseville,Mich., says, "I have used Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyfor years and it has always givenprompt relief."(adv-sept)oDEMABD CREDENTIALS FROMTHOSE WHO ASK.IP 1J ; jc a packager I O befe? flie war,"c a packageO during the warjc a pacingbV tk. T3 fe. ft 5 W1 c'iWarning against people who aretaking advantage of the present Salvation Army Campaign to do a littlecollecting on their own account, isissued by Geo. R. Campbell, StateCampaign Director.Many of these irregular collectorswear garments which, look like theregular Salvation Army uniform andsay that they are doing the "samekind of work." They do not stop toexplain very fully about their mission in life. Mr. Campbell suggeststhat before contributing to anystranger, the one approached shouldask and make certain that it is ind.Qd. tO the Salvation Army that heS giving, n ,.-0 'JUST WHAT SHE NEEDED."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to be just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta Bankson, Chillicothe,' Mo."They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver andrid me of backache and dizziness thatI had been subject to for some time.They did me a world of good and Iwill always speak a good word forthem."j ,1 (adv-sept)OWSLEY SELLS SOMERSET NEWSTO R. M. FEESE.THE FLAUOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE IR. Monte Fees has closed a dealwith Thomas M. Owsley, Lexington,whereby he becames the sole ownerof the Pulaski County News, whichhe has had leased from Mr. Owsleyfor several months. The paper isRepublican in politics and will continue the same policy as before.Owsley started the News five yearsago and was editor until few monthsago when he leased it to.Feese, whonow becomes sole owner.DESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried them do so atonce.(adv-sept)oLOST VALUABLES FOUND.1571JWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7$ CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKiThrough an address in a bankbook, a large leather wallet containing money, notes, accounts, andother valuable papers, was restoredto its owner, the Rev. E. K. Kidwell,of Little Rock. The wallet wasfound on the pike near Paris by Everett Conkwright, who brought it toParis and turned it over to MayorJn.Ti11a.rv. Throns-h the address in thebank book the ownership of the prop-rtv wnQ pcjtnhliRTiPfl T?.p.v TCiflwP.llwas notified and secured the book.o"IT MUST HAVE BEEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUTDIDN'T SMELL."Tntmxl mm to Met and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of3 C Mt aniings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not ovrU aa ccraed dividend.IftcJnIacBfor past three years have averaged over four times dividendMfvferMMKita on this stock..Met tvfck asiets equal $151 per share on all Preferred Stack, and total netmmukB ! $250 per share.PRICE IOO. Special Circular on RscyitJAMES C. WILLSON & CO.SIO S. Fifth StrMt, " LOUISVILLE, KY."Saw a big rat in our cellar lastFall," writes Mrs. Joanny, "andbought a 25c cake of RAT-SNAP,broke it up into small pieces. Lastjweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat. Must have been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three,sizes 25c, 50c,$1.00. .Sold 'and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co..- 1 '(adTrseptK. lMialilllllllMMli '(88 ftflgcraafla wsgBogasa B BowiKi ' llll'i llui lliiw Hill HTmL ' lllllllllll IIIIIIIIHitnKBBBBHBBVIBMlllilmRmSHMBBBB tM&m&mmtiMffi$3 ii u iu sn i ' m n i11 uwav 4IliMiF 4111 11 IIK - -''M, 11111 1 IH1MTfxf)Wrrsdbft8' 'J4? e?ttn,Kf K3fi HI IJHnU&n illllt I ill ' ll HHi llllllMllllllffmlsWhandsome pound and nalt- 1KjlK& ' ill' m CoBTrtshiiJlcwsof tin humidorvand IIMlKuml ", lllllll lill IIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIlm&fTllll IIIUfnLlilllllm p7 -J- ejeidg&at claw, practical pound IsHHM'l in llllllllmTlllHBiiBBBBBBk TotacwCa.tifytsi mlatB hum'daf uttth HHPJPIS 1 MilMIUIIIIlJlMNHyillflinLIll lBHMgMMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPBns naUtfiW tojs that CXftiratt&1PP thr toWo 93 WGh ..ffg&lli vr v ,imP ,HiulullllIHuuululillHulullmJJPUT it flush up to Prince .Albeirt to produce more smokhappiness than you ever before collected 1 R AJ built tofit your smokeappetite like kids fit your hands I It has thojimdandiest flavor and coolness nd fragrance you ever asagainst!Just what a whale of joy Prince Albert really is yo& wantto find out the double-quickest thing you do next, And, putit down how you could smoke PQ A. foy hours withouttongue bite or parchingo Our exclusive patented processcuts out bite and parch. v-Realize what it would mean to get set with a joy'us jimmypipe or the papers every once and a while0 And, puff tobeat the cards I Without a comeback! Why, P A. is sogood you feel like you d just have to eat that fragrant sxnokelRo Jo Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Saltm, M, C.1 m .Lke 1 iJ JYsFSILEVEBXBODT KNOWSW!MN-HEAI MEANS BUICKiitiiHiitiii.i.nitliiiiiiiiiiuiiirr7TiT7TnrnrrnTriiiiitilliiiiiiiiiiiiJB? J3L.1The Buick-bmilt Front Axle-Drop forged in a single piece from bar steel ofspecial formula, it is strong enough to bear theweight of a truck, and pyrometer controlled heattreatment gives it a, steel structure of remarkabletoughness and uniformity.This axle is designed by Buick engineers, forgedand built complete in the Buick factory, directlyunder the supervision of the men whose reputationsdepend upon its serviceability. From its I-beamsection to its drop forged steering connections, everydetail is worked out to perfection. The Buick frontaxle is typical of the perfectly controlled quality thatgives Buick cars their unusual capacity for service.t ,a?When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build Tketn- C,lC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,Congress rejected the daylightsaving which as rather consistent asit is opposed to any kind of saving.oTHE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any merchant can have is a satisfied customer. No greater recommedation canbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedyfor years and have always found thatit gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)HWiar-gsj-iJiaMasrj-tS?iIgggSaSIS fHIIiinCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccWarehouseCumberland Phtnt S$7257-ika"Hr.'JIFw:rr yrvLFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1919.THE BOUEBOH NEWS, PlMsXKENTliOTw iiJHKENTUCKY CROP REPORTWEEK.TORi2X .VT?iEH 'lfPmir,'7'WrIRoyal Cord' 'Nobby' 'Chain 'Usco Plain9See the big NobsThe 'Nobby is a big roughhusky fellow. The tire they are.all talking about.A great road gripper a sureenough non-skidder and nonslipper. Makes easier riding and easierdriving. More safety, more coinfort more mileage.'Nobby' is a United States Tire,which means none better. Justright for our roads,AUnited States Tiresare Good Tires ..&mr w lilllUfM Minr7MXOXOSXSk. -". Jb 4ifeuIII K wMKmOXmKiXi " bk.We KNOW United States Tires are GOOD tires. That's why we sell them.PARTS GAEAGE (Eugene Eoberts) Paris, Ky.RTHrGLES MOTOR CO Paris, Ky.MLLER&BURGr HARDWARE CO., . . . .Millersfourg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middletown, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against ,$" FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityebrighter:EVENINGSfelLJBi2&&lZWirSAnd Other -Casualtiesi&-2 Tp E2fEAGENTNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOieotriciiuTor EigbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsformating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Paris Gas & Electric Co.n (Inotnwmtti)The summary of weather and cropconditions in Kentucky for the weekfollows:High temperatures prevailed during the first half of the week, butthey were about seasonal during thelast half. Except for some lightshowers in the Licking River basin,no rain of consequence occurred. Latecorn and tobacco made fair progressin the extreme western counties,where the effect of the heavy localrains of the last of August was stillfelt during the past week. In someother localities, generally in thesouthern counties, the late crops aredoing fairly well but even in themost favored districts the conditionof crops is irregular and "spotted."In most of the agricultural area thedrouth was intensified and corn andtobacco continued to deteriorate. Tobacco is being cut and housed rapidlyunder ideal weather conditions forthat work. Some farmers will finishcutting next week. Corn is dryingup rapidly and cutting is well advanced. The shortage of stock wateris becoming serious in (many sections.Pastures have practically dried up incentral and northern counties. Latepotatoes seem to be a failure in mostplaces. A serious feature of thedrouth is its interference with thepreparation of land for winter wheatwh'ich promises to considerably reduce the acreage sown.oWHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor Health.Without Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked with backache and headache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, 'langour and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their, woxk of filtering theblood and; thM may be the root of thetrouble," Look to your kidneys, assist thepn in their work give themthe, help they need. You oan use nomoTe highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby people all over the eomxtry and byyour neighbors in Paris,Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results andknow from the help they gaye mejthftt they would be just aj he.iefl.-cial in other cases E .K.muoy UWre.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's KidneyPills rid me of those complaints, andif I should need a' kidney remedyagain I would certainly talieDoan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo,, Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oWORLD'S SERIES GAMES TO OPENOCTOBER 1.CINCINNATI, 0., Sept. 25. Firsttwo games of the world series will beplayed at Redland field, Cincinnati,October 1 and 2.Third, fourth and fifth games willbe played at the American Leaguepark in Chicago or Cleveland, October 3, 4 and 5.Sixth and Seventh games if necessary, at Redland field, October 6and 7.Eighth game, if necessary, at theAmerican League park, October 8.Place of ninth game, if necessaryto play it, to be selected by lot, gameon October 9.That is the program arrangedMonday by the National commission,meeting at the Sinton Hotel, for thisyear's contest for base ball's highesthonors between the champions of thetwo major leagues.o"I SPENT A $1 ON RAT-SNAP ANDSAVED THEPRICE.0F A HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with rats to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid of rats. Spent $1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Co.(adv-sepOIstrikeImBk CIGARETTE viP JHk;:W. !&aBr ' Ii- Iwm- jtti-i.i r- vA"AjWHEN you see this famous, trade-mark, think a minute IThink of the delicious taste ofa slice of fresh toasted bread!That's the real idea back of thesuccess of Lucky Strike cigarettes.Toasting improves tobacco just as wellas bread. And that's a lot.Try a Lucky Strike cigaretteI t's toastedj 7 Guaranteed ryK t 1 ' 1HB84pW d'ANNUNZIO ASKS.?5ffPOJtl gr ALHES,FIUME, gept, 25. Gabriels d'Annynzio 'declared in an interview herethat he was making ready an appealto the President of the United States,the King of England and the Frenchnation to support him in his occupation of Fiume for Italy, which he intended to maintain to his dying day,having determined never to leave thecity. He was confident, he said, that Jhis appeal would bear fruit"FAKE" ASPIRINWAS TALCUMHENDRICKSM"TTIK SinnWRW MAN" !&',,xz8f 'r-rTBerefore Insist Upon GenMine "Bayer Tablets. of Aspirin"-1figAYiOAll Metal Window Screensand Weather Stripsihy-U.::::a.Millions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. (adv-tf-F)EREEHAND GIVEN ITALY' HUME AEPAIR.INLONDON, Sept. 25. jtaly -wasgiven a free hand to handle the problem arising out of the seizing ofFiume by Captain Gabriele D'Annunzio, as a domestic affair, is said in reports current here to have made anappeal to the Allied powers to takethe matter off their hands and senda force to Fiume to expel the insurgent troops frojm the city.It is claimed Italy has stipulatedthat if such a force is sent to theAdriatic city it must not includeItalian units.It is improbable, according to reports, that American troops will participate in such an operation if it isordered, there being no soldiers available for such purpose.ITALIAN FOEEIGN MNISTEKSENDS IN RESIGNATIONHOMEKILLEDMEATSHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of Window Screens and Weatner- Strips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.Mis Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand 'Ave,, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to ' ''Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturings Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asj tne Dest Dy an gooa aremtects.''t.33 a :gJJIHIlROME, Sept. 25. Tomasso Tittoni,Italian Foreign Minister, has resigned, because of the Fiume incident, according to an announcement by theGiornale D'ltalia.The actors strike is either a comedy or atragedy: 'Veal Beef;Pork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSPECIAL SALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W.314 Main St.iaa;ireg-ji.inE-. ., viSPICERParis, Kentucky" JMWMJMA-l:Send That Next lob of Printing to HmBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prieee-cH7&vH.?vr.."T.vK3:f ., -i'2?5?w2 U jr3sralVLj4J-: . V',--'THEBOIfill EIGHTttffi, PAJttS, JCEHTUCXTFRIDAY, SFTMM1t. 2. lgig.Wt xII i'2hi5isr?HIr.;wMILLERSBURGNice apples at Caldwell'sPrices- right.v" Miss Gaines has accepted a position in the Y. W. C. A. Training.School.Lexington Maid and White RoseSpecial Flour at Caldwell's.Miss Ethel Fisher has accepted-' position in the New York Conservatory of Music.Mr. Boone, of New York., was aguest of the Millersburg College,Monday and Tuesday, and gave aconcert during Chapel hourNow is the time to buy yourfall shoes. You will find them atCaldwell's cheaper than elsewhere., Seeing is believing. Call and inspect-and you are sure to buy.The Methodist church will givea reception Monday evening in thechurch in honor of the new pastor,Rev. Adams and family, and the student bodies of the M. C. and M. M. I.Mrs. Mattie Hawes has rentedTooms in an apartment house inCovington. She, with her son, Mr.Albert Hawes, and brotner, Mr. w.B. Butler, will occupy them aboutOctober 1st.Miss Jones, director of Music inthe University of Oklahoma, and MissCarter, of New York, teacher of Expression, will give a joint recital inthe Millersburg College Chapel this'evening, at 8:00 o'clock.The Young Ladies' Missionary"Society held an interesting meeting"Wednesday afternoon at the home ofMrs. A. S. Ben. An interesting program was rendered, and businesstransacted. A delightful lunch wasserved.Mr. Joseph Corrington, of HotSprinks, Ark., was the guest of his"brother, Mr. C. W. Corrington, fromTuesday until Thursday. He wasenroute from New York,- where heliad been visiting his son, who occupies a chair in Cornell University.He left Thursday for a week's visitto other members of his family, inChicago, 111., before returning to hishome. He is an old Millersburg boy,and was the only male graduate ofthe Millersburg Female College.Rev, J. D. Redd and family leftThursday for their new home at HarTodsburg. This estimable familyhave resided in our midst for thepast eight years. Four years Rev.JBdd served as pastor of the Metho-ri'-t church, tne past iour years ie-vas Presiding Elder of the MaysviiieTMstrict, during which time he continued to reside in Millersburg. WeWr-ccpimend this happy family to thegood people of ttarroasDurg, a.uuthat our loss is their gain.An alarm of fire was soundedTuesday afternoon, which was foundto be in the barracks of the M. M. I.The volunteer fire cqmpany responded readily to the call, and the flames,-were soon under control. It lookedfor a short time as though the wholeh"arracks was threatened. Fourrooms were damaged, and a considerate part of the roof. The repairs- are being made as speedily as possi' ble The inmates of the damaged-portion of the building are quartered'th the drill hall. The fire is supposed to have originated from a cigarette, which was nm m mcTvhile ignited. The loss is fully covered by insurance.o 'GOES EVERYWHERE; HELPS EVK ERYONE. .The work of the Salvation Armyincludes every activity that can mitigate in any way the need of humanity. . .Of course, these activities are directed in certain channels, which arevery carefully organized and admin. istered with economy that is amazingto those who do not know how fru- gaily these devoted workers maintain- -themselves and achieve" their objectives. The Salvation Army recognizes noextreme of need no situation nodistress with which it cannot properly undertake to cope. This fact makesits work of an exceedingly variedcharacter. It deals instantly with' the predominate condition. This isinstanced at the present time by thetremendous amount of war emergency relief, which the Salvation Armyis daily adpinistering in all principal cities. The disbanding of, thesoldiers and sailors, threw a greatresponsibility directly into the handsof the Salvation Army. These boysliad learned -to love the SalvationArmy first in France. They came tothe Salvation Army first in this country when fliey were in need of an--thingwhatsoever, from a suit ofclothes to a few words of encouragement, because they had learned inthe trenches that the hand of the Salvation Army worker, was always outstretched to them and that the sympathetic help which they were inneed of would be extended to themvregardless of the conditions whichhad brought adversity upon them.o.IHTERESTINGr OIL 1TOTEST-he Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany, of Paris, is moving a drilling rig- to the Robert heirs' tract, on-the Mill branch, in Lee county.5Cr. J. S. Batesch, of Louisville,.oil stock broker, is in Paris, arranging with the Little Banjo Oil & GasCo., to place 200,000 shares of itsstock on the New York market. Mr.3taclL has secured commendatoryletter from Paris people as to thecharacter of the officials of the Little"Ba-Bjo Company. The placing of thistock on the New York market meansthore will be no more of the compaay's stock for sale on the local-markets. 'RELIGIOUS.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian Church will meetSunday evening at the usual hour.The leader will be Miss Favola Dundon. The subject will be "Athlete."Rev. Arthur Fox, of Hope, Arkansas, will occupy the pulpit at theParis Baptist church at both services Sunday. Thee are to be trialsermons, and it is hoped that therewill oe a full attendance of the congregation. The regular monthly EpworthLeague Social was held last night atthe hqme of Mrs. Edgar Tingle, atthe corner of Main and Sixteenthstreets. There was a good attendance of the members, who thoroughly enjoyed the excellent programpresented.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet ' in thechurch parlors at 6:30 o'clock, Sunday night. The subject will be "TheChristian Athlete' and His Training."Leader, Basil Hayden. The Societyextends a corial invitation to strangers in the city to attend this meeting.Next Sunday is Ppmotion Sundayin the Christian Church BibleSchool. The Superintendent is anxious for the entire school to be present on that day, so that the pupilsmay get the supplies for the nextquarter. Superintendents of the departments have prepared a specialprogram for the occasion.On account of so many of themembers of the Christian EndeavorSociety of the Presbyterian churchhaving gone away to school the Executive Committee has elected thefollowing new officers and chairmen:Miss Elsie Heller, treasurer; MissNell Crutcher, secretary; Mrs.Hugh Campbell, Chairman of theLookout Committee; Miss EleanorLytle, Chairman of the Social Committee; Miss Lula Champe Lytle,Chairman of the Press Committee.Next Sunday the Participation Contest will begin, which promises to bevery exciting and interesting. Everymember is asked" to be present so asto divide the sides equally betweenthe captains.CHRISTIAN , CHURCH .CALENDARSunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningWorship.Sunday, 12:00 m. Christian Endeavor Business Meeting.Sunday, 6:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor Meeting.Wednesday, 7:30 p. m. PrayerMeeting Service.Friday, 2:30 p. jm. MissionarySociety Meeting.o-DEATHS.MARSTON.The boy of Miss Maude Marston, who died Monday at Miami,Florida, arrived here yesterday, andwas taken to the home of herbrothers, on the Redmon pike, whereshe had jmade her home for manyyears.The funeral will take place at tenO'clock this (Friday) morning, withservices conducted at the grave in theMillersburg Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-bearers will be Jos.Redmon, Castle Redmon, LaysonTarr, John Lair, Sam Ardery andT. W. Current.oFALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety: Also havehighest quality. Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aug!9-tf)ilflP-BIRTHS.In Charleston, W. Va., to thewife of Mr. Charles Ramsey, a son,christened Charles Ramsey, Jr. Mrs.Ramsey was forjmerly Miss Ella RayNicholas, a sister of Mrs. R. A. Darnaby, of Clintonville, where she resided until about a year ago.oLONG SHOTS DEFEAT FAVORITESAT LATONIA OPENING.Under ideal weather conditions thethirty-eighth fall meeting at Latoniaopened Wednesday. A crowd whichalmost equaled the opening daygathering at the spring meeting wason hand.Favorite winners were few and farbetween. Not in a single race didthe public choice come down in front.Even in the Latonia Handicap, thefeature event of the day, War God,the winner, was coupled in .thefield with Harvest King, and paidnearly 14 to 1.While long shots won, the favorites gave them a battle, and in everyrace the finish was close and interesting. In some of the races the bigcrowd had to wait until the officitlplacing went up before it -could tellwho was the winner.The opening was easily the bestever given at Latonia, and bears outthe prediction that this is going tobe some "hoss" gathering at the oldcourse.The winners of the opening day'sevents were: First race, Apple JackII; second race, Angon; third race,John O.; fourth race, High Cost;fifth race, War God; sixth race, Virgo; seventh race, Piedra. VivaAmerica, owned by S. Kenney Nichols, of Paris, made a brave effort towin the Latonia Handicap, the fifthTace. - She possessed her usual earlyspeed, but could not keep it together.Viva America and Blackie Daw raced head and head for more than halfa mile, when War God moved up andtook the-lead.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2HM)-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cMATRIMONIAL.lisle Mcdowell.Leroy McDowell, a well-knownfarmer of this county, and Miss ArrieB. Lisle, of Clark county, secured amarriage license in Winchester,Wednesday, and were married thereshortly after. The bride is a member of one of the substantial families in' Clark county. They will reside at the home of the groom, nearParis.WEST SMART.Miss Delilah West, aged twentyone, of Carlisle, and Mr. ErnestSpnart, twenty-two, of near Paris, secured a marriage license Tuesday, inParis, and were married at 8:30 p.m., at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith.The bride is a very popular andattractive young woman, and is a sister of Mr. Elmer West, a prominentfarmer of Mason county.The groom is a prosperous youngfarmer of near Paris. Both have alarge circle of friends and acquaintances who unite in wishing them along and happy married life.SPENCER MERCHANT.Their youth was the only thingthat stood in the way of Miss HelenKathryn Spencer and Mr. CharlesMerchant, of Lexington,, from wedding in the formal way, but theylaughed at difficulties, and simplyeloped.Miss Spencer entered the Millersburg College as a student this fall.Returning from a visit to the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Spencer, in Lexington, it was supposed that she had returned to theMillersburg school. But she did notarrive there. Young Merchant hadbeen a student at the MillersburgMilitary Institute. He and MissSpencer were sweethearts. It waslearned that he too, was (missingfrom school. Information afterwardcame to hand that the couple hadgone away in an automobile, comingthrough Paris, where they stoppedoff long enough to perfect their plansand then drove on to Vevay, Indiana,where they were married.Mr. and Mrs. Merchant were bothvery popular in Millersburg. Theywere given a hearty welcome homeon their return to Lexington, Wednesday, by their respective parents,whose only objection to their unionwas the youth s)i the couple.. ANNOUNCEMENT.An announcement of much interest to the many friends and relativesof the prospective bride and groomwas made at the close of an entertainment given by Mrs. EdwardPrichard at her home on East Seventh, street. In a neat verse Mrs.Prichard announced the engagementof Mrs. Edith Myall Daniel, of Paris,and Mr. Irvine M. Keller, of Chicagoand New York, a fonmer resident ofParis. The wedding is scheduled totake place late in the winter. Thebride-to-be is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. William Myall, of this city, andis the widow of Mr. Woodford Daniel, and a great favorite with all whoknow her.Mr. Keller is the only son of Mrs.Callie Bowen Keller and the late Mr.Alex. Keller, of this city. For severalyears he has held a responsible position in the Fort' Dearborn Bank, inChicago. He resigned this " placesome time "ago, and accepted a position with the house of Merrill, Cox&Co., in New York. He was promoted a short time ago to the management of the business, the officesbeong located at 111 Broadway, NewYork City.oATJTHOE'S lEEMORY A. WON33ER.Theophile Gautier was a master ofliterary style. Here is the account ofhow he wrote his 'Travels in Italy,"given by his friend, Maxijme duCamp:" 'This book, which one wouldsupppose to have been thought out inretirement, in a library of works ofreference, was actually written in aprinting iiouse, amidst the clatter ofcompositors, the noise of " printingpresses, the hum of machinery, slamming of doors, and hubbub of a busyworkship. Not a note, book, or document did the author make use of.His mepnory surpassed belief, and hecould draw on it at will without fear101 oemg iea astray. ie composedwithout erasing or correcting. Whenhe liad finished ten lines, the overseer would clip them from the' MS.and hand them to the compositor, repeating the process until the articleor chapter was complete. Then, whenthe proofs were set before him, Gnu-,tier would Indicate errors by makingthem with his nail, and would wouldgo on his way, breathing deeply, likea miner released from his subterranean-gallery at-the end of ,. day'swork.' "vToday, FridayAnitaStewartIN"Two Women"ALSOAnne Luther and Chas. Hutchison in"The Great Gamble"The Most Thrilling Stunt Serial Ever ProducedEVERY DAY AN OPENING.It's "opening day" every day at ourstore, where millinery for ladies ofexacting taste is made and displayed.There are styles and styles, and pilesof styles. Many already in and jmorecoming. An inspection cordially invited. For the newest, the latest,the best, seeMRS. CORNB WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)Opening DisplayNEW FALL BOOTSGreatest selections of most magnificent Fall Footwear we have ever offered. Superior in everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat must be a strong incentive to buy now.BE CORRECTLY SHOD !pftfilRLadies' soft, smooth-fitting Kid, inblack and brown, Louis or Cubanheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .School Shoes For BoysWear-Resisting, Stylish ShoesLess Than They Can Be' DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have thefor school with a pair of these gcod looking andthem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. j nrShoes at .HOfehToaat-.Tan.E.n.g'.$4.00 and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots frn jqMisses' and Children's Gun Metal io jaBoots at $.4!fDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreTomorrow, SaturdayMADGEKENEDY"Through theWrong Door"55 minutes on the see-saw" ofromance, with speed, thrills, loveand life. A comedy drama witha surprise every second.Also Bill Parsons Comedy"Chasing Rainbows"Grand Opera House8RT? Tuesday, Sept. 30Eugene Walters' Dramatization ofYou haveread thebooknow seethe playA Dramatic Romance of the Virginia Mountains, withJANE WARE as "JUNE""This is the only authorized company now presenting thisplay. You are therefore assured the No. 1 company and production. Prices, 28c; 55c, 83c, $1.10, $1.65, War Tax IncludedSeats on Sale at The Alamo Theatre Saturday.STOCK TRANSACTIONS.Capt. William Collins and GeorgeClayton have returned from PineCrest Duroc farm, in. Mississippi,bringing with them their herd hoar,Orion Dickey King. They are establishing a Duroc Jersey breeding farmnear North Middletown.Jonas Weil, of Lexington, purchased Wednesday, of Warren Rogers,one hundred and twenty-four head ofSee the new models,compare prices, andthe big savings affordedwill surely make itworth your attention.7.85Men's Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts foryour fit, atCOHENWhere Beauty antf Economy ReignMonday, Sept 29thPAULINE FREDERICKIN"Sapho"A story famed throughout theworld. Fascinating in its beautyand amazing situations. Beyonddoubt the greatest emotional rolePauline Frederick ever played.AlsoHolmes Travel PictureASplendidCast andfat cattle, averaging 1,400 pounds,for whictt he paid $13 per hundredpounds. The cattle were shipped tothe Eastern market. Henry S. Caywood, representing the Swift & Co.interests, closed a deal for the purchase of a bunch of 1,400 poundcattle, fed by Catesby Woodford, atfifteen cents a pound.oMiss Ijma McGrew who married aJew, now has nothing to do, butnurse a baby or two.$7.95and Girlsat Prices FarMade.children properly shodserviceable shoes." SeerII r 'II 'I' -1I'JMen's Mahogany an English r ntShoes at yo.voilTsifoes!1. ..$3.49 and $4.50Boys' Gun Metal English Shoes rfjo jqBoys' Gun Metal Lace Shoes - qq