q &? V& -, 3--aiv ZTHE, &PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRFY IN THE YEAR.:vVOLUME XXXV HIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1919BOURBONNEWS2EA.CE COHERENCE OPENS SESSIONS IN EBENCH CAPITAL.PARIS HAY GET CAPTURED GERMAN CANNON.The supreme council of the peacecongress, consisting of President Wileon and the Premiers and ForeignMinisters of the four great powers.Great Britain, France, the UnitedStates and Italy, met at 3 o'clockSunday afternoon at the French Foreign office, in Paris, France, for thefirst formal exchange of views and tomake arrangements for the procedureof the conference, at which the fulldelegation will be present.The meeting was chiefly interesting in its personal aspects thebringing together for the first timein contact of the world's best knownstatesmen, who are now the guidingfigures of the congress. The sceneas they assepnbled was one of unusualactivity.Marshal Foch was the first of theplenipotentiaries to arrive. Soon after Foch came Robert Lansing, theAmerican Secretary of State, accompanied by his military aide, who wasfollowed by Mr. Frazier, counselor ofthe American embassy, who is nowattached to the personnel of ColonelHouse.' At just 2:45 p. m.. President Wilson's car swung up to the entrance.The President was accompanied byMra. Wilson and was greeted with'Vive Wilson.' With the Presidentand his wife was Admiral Grayson,the President's physician.As Mr. Wilson entered the vestibule of the foreign office, StephenPichon, the French Foreign Minister,stepped forward to greet him and escorted him into his private office,where the conference was held.M. Clemenceau, the French PrimeMinister, followed. Signor Orlando,the Italian Premier, came soon afterward, accompanied by SignorSonninc, his Foreign Minister.The last to arrive was DavidLloyd George, the British Prime Minister, and Arthur J. Balfour, theBritish Foreign Secretary, who motored up together.In addition to the chief factors announced above were M. Leygues, theFrench Minister of Marine, M. Clementel, Minister of Commerce, and M.Loucher, Minister of Industrial Construction. The conferences opened promptlyat 3 o'clock. From the offices, of M.Pichon, the vista--was over the gardens of the Foreign Ministry.The meeting was an extended one.It was plainly for the purpose of settling new terms for prolonging thearmistice, which expires January 17,and for determining the number andIn the House at Washington, Tuesday, Representative J. Campbell Cantrill, of the Seventh CongressionalDistrict, introduced House Bill No.13760, which was referred to theCommittee on Military Affairs, andordered printed. The bill relates tothe donation by the War Departmentof two cannon or field-pieces, captured from the German army. Thecannon are to be used as ornamentson the court house lawn in Paris.The bill reads as follows:"A bill authorizing the Secretaryof War to donate to the City of Paris,Kentucky, two German cannon orfieldpieces."Be it enacted by the Senate andHouse of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of Warbe, and he is hereby, authorized anddirected to donate to the town ofParis, Kentucky, two cannon or fieldpieces captured by the AmericanAnmy from the forces of the ImperialGerman Government during the present war."IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Private William Warren White,Jr., who has been stationed at Ft.Caswell, near Cape Fear, North Carolina, has received his final dischargepapers, and is -now at home with hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. White,at the Pinecrest Apartments.THE TOBACCO MARKETSNURSES IN DEMAND.Due to a spread of the influenzaand pneumonia in surrounding citiesand counties, nurses are in demandeverywhere. Appeals have been coming in to Paris from . Cynthiana,Millersburg, Carlisle, Winchester andother towns for nurses.One Paris woman, whose sister isseriously ill, and whom she has beennursing, received five calls Saturdayfor help. Volunteers were called upand sent to help out the afflicted persons. In the city, new cases developing are proving a serious drain onnursing facilities. One physicianstated Sunday night that "he hadbeen up four nights in successionwaiting an influenza and pneumoniapatients, and that their recovery wasseriously handicapped by lack ofcompetent nursing. Here is an excellent chance for Paris and Bourboncounty women to engage in a humanitarian work.The first Bourbon county coloredsoldier to be reported as beingwounded overseas is Private WillClay, son of Mrs. Betty Clay, ofRuckerville. He was sent overseasfrom Camp Taylor, at Louisville.The extent of his injuries has notbeen learned here.Miss Mary C. Armstrong, of Lexington, a former Millersburg girl, hasreturned to France, to continue herwork this time in the canteen service. Miss Armstrong's ability as amusician makes her a valuable addition to the entertainment force ofthe Y. M. C. A. "overseas."Advices were received here lastweek by Mrs. Maggie Culbertson,from the war department at Washington, that her son, Private KingCulbertson, of Paris, had beenwounded in action overseas on 'November 11, the degree of the woundbeing undetermined. Culbertson isa brother ofo Earl Culbertson and anephew of Jos. Williams, of Paris.composition of the delegations of thevarious countries for the sessions ofthe peace congress which is about toopen.As a result of the council, it is expected that formal notices will beissued convoking the conference assigning delegations for each countryand the fixing of the hours of meetingAjmong recent visitors in Paris wasPrivate Lee McGohan, who is in theservice at Camp Knox, where theGovernment is building the largestartillery camp in the world. PrivateMcGohan is a native of Ewing, and aformer newspaper man, having been,connected with papers in Paris, Ewing and Cynthiana. He RepresentedFleming county in the last session ofthe Legislature.Lieut. R. Davis Hutchcraft, who isstationed in the service at one of thebig army cantonments in the Stateof Washington, is a guest of hismother, Mrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft, inParis. Lieut. Hutchcraft was transferred to the Pacific Coast stationfrom a Florida army post, and alsoTirnmoted to a Lieutenancy. He was.in the newspaper business at Tariii4pa, Florida. n tio outnreaK or mewar. Mrs. Tliuchcraft will join himhere for a visit in a few days.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCESALENOW GOING ON-Special Prices OnSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor ComfortsRelatives and others xin fchis--.citv,have received information to the effect that Private Charles-N. Hatfield, formerly of this county, hadbeen seriously wounded in one of thebig battles in France. The newsin the shape of a telegram from theWar Department at Washington. Nodetails were given. Hatfield residednear Clintonville, this county, wherehe had been engaged in farming.He had been- in active service overseas for several months.Extra Special PricesSUITS ; ; .-'' '.'COATS';i - ' ,tj. ' .and DRESSESREMNANTS OF ALL KINDStFRANK & CQ,' DAMES' OUTFITTERS -Private Jos. Spencer, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, who is at homeon a furlough from Camp Taylor, hashad the influenza, and is now ill withdouble pneumonia. It was reportedyesterday that his cousin, EdwardSpencer, had been killed on the battlefront in France, but this news hasnot been confirmed. Private Sherman Jennett, of the same vicinity,who has been, at Camp Taylor, arrived hepne Saturday, having receivedhis final discharge papers.Jakie Saloshin, of Paris, who haskati in the U. S. anmy service at theVancouver Cantonment, has arrivedat Camp Taylor, in Louisville, wherehe is awaiting his final discharge" papers. Mr. Saloshin telephoned hismother, Mrs. Louis Saloshin, in' thiscity, yesterday, that he expected tobe home .about Thursday or Friday.Jakie saythe other "Bourbon county misfits" in the cantonment ' arewell and hoping to return to Parissoon.!James Everman, son of Mrs. J. A.Gilkey, of Paris, is here on a -visitto his mother, and other relatives.Young Evenman, who entered- theservice earlv in the war, is stationedon the U. S. battleship, the Texas,one of the biggest of Uncle Sam's'fleet. He will be here until Tnursday, when he will leave for Cuba tospend the remainder of the winter.ItrivormnTi made an address at -the-Mftii MiiMip.tnwn Christian churchSunday evening to a large audience,there being no services at the churchthat night. He is a, native of NorthMiddletown.Mrs'. S. S. -ATdery, of Seventhstreet, is in receipt of a copy of theBaltimore Sun, -containing a longarticle descriptive- of EdgewoodArsenal, where her son, John Ardery,of Paris, is employed 'as "chemist.While at work-in the chemical department sopne time ago Mr. Arderywas slightly injured by the explosion of some chemicals, but was confined, to. the hospital only a .shorttime. ' The. article tells incidents ofsoldier-workers in the chemical department being "gassed" by theirown chemicals. The men are employed, in various capacities fillinggas shells, making mustard gas,working in refrigerating plantswhere the shells are passed throughto chill before being filled, etc Itis the-largest poison factory in. theworld. There are tnree nunureuacres in the tract, guarded along itsentire aa by soldiers, in uniformand by wire fences., It is really a collection, of. big (manufacturing plants,with all that implies of hpusing,Tobacco sales have bleen remarkably high on all the markets the pastweek, and both crop and sales averages have encouraged the growers,who are now preparing for the nextseason's crop. Total sales, averagesand amounts on the breaks at thistime exceeds any previous record atParis, Winchester, Mt. Sterling andall the Central Kentucky markets.The tohacco has thus far appearedon the markets in prime condition.The pinhooker has had a hard timeof it trying to' get basket owing tothe high prices prevailing. All thebig manufacturers are representedhere and' the bidding has been spirited and the demand strong. Priceshave ruled high on the Paris marketespecially.During the week a total of 320,275pounds was sold at the IndependentHouse for a jmoney value of $112,219.14, an average of $35.04. Forthe season' they have sold a total of992,670 pounds for a total moneyvalue of $328, 099. 07, a floor averageof $33.06. For the season the salesat the Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo.'s 'houses aggregated 2,028,810pounds, representing a money valueof $720,443.24, a floor average of$35.06.Yesterday's market was a bannersale for the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company, when a total of 298, -840 pounds of tobacco was sold fora total of $120,137.78, an average of$40.20 per hundred. The crop averages ranged from $32.20 up as highas $63.07, which was realized for acrop of 3,070 pounds grown by McDonald & Jacobs. Some of the bestcrop averages follow:Stewart & Han, 4,990 pounds, average. $60. 53.J. O. Evans & Son, 1,500 pounds,average $36.74.Hancock & Thompson, 17,685pounds, average $53.06.Wiedemann & Ingels, 2,620 pounds,average $37.46.Woodford & Case, 3,485 pounds,ayerage $44.95.Sipims & Huffaker, 4,920 pounds,average $32.48.Mastin & Lanter, 3,900 pounds, average $43.27.Caywood'fe Fletcher, 8,315 pounds,average $50.33.Crouch &xMcClaxon, 4,620, average $47.71.Johnson & Thurmanr7,975 pounds,average $38.49.Layson & Dickson, 2,410 pounds,average $56.94.Clay & Tobin, 8,075 pounds, averu2 440.18.J&rjTTi'vbrier, 3,395 pounds, av-Ike Hankins; 640' pounds, average,,$45.25. , .'Conyers & Leggett, 3,39 5 pounds,average $35.27.Ray &,Sellus, 2,820 pounds, average $39.41.T. M. Sellus, 2,730 pounds, average $32.20.Wiedemann & Sybes, 2,290 pounds,average $35.77.Buckner & Osborne, 1,400 pounds,average $33.94.Kenney & Mattox, 10,900 pounds,average $45.50.1 Grimes & Johnson, 3,10 pounds,average $40.99.Buckner & Marsh, 11,770 pounds,average $50.11.Doty & Roberts, 3,410 pounds, average. $32.05.John S. Hawkins, 4,250 pounds,average $44.19.Mrs. Evans Jacoby, 2,705 pounds,average $33.97.Wagner & -Herrington, 2,090pounds, average $31.03.McDonald & Jacobs, 750 pounds,average $34.66.Marsh & Dan, 2,630 pounds, average $35.84.B. L. Yates, 930 pounds, average$31.73.-Bryant & Myers, 2,170 pounds, average $43.03. mBurke, Brent & Napier, 8,179pounds, average $51.39.McDonald & Jacobs, 3,070 pounds,average $63.07.C. K. Roseberry & Carmichael, 4,280 pound, average. $48.55.L. S. Hamilton, 3,455 pounds, average $48.99.I. D. Thompson, 9,460 pounds, average $45.11.Burris & McCarthy, 4,080 pounds,average $44.61.Hewey & Peterson, 5,100 pounds,average $55.12.Holt & Henderson, 6,785 pounds,average $44.22.Tarr & Sweeney, 2,810 pounds, average $61.95.Burris & Lee 905 pounds, average $45.12.: oNEWS OF PARIS BOY'S DEATHREACHES'PABENTS AFTER SIX MONTHS.CHANGE IN OFFICE FORCE, ATPARIS GAS & ELECTRICCO.'S OFFICE.After a lapse of six months, during which tipie they alternated' between hope and despair, Mr. andMrs. John- P. Cain, of this '.city, received official confirmation of thedeath of their son, James Cain, fromwounds received in one of .the bigbattles in France, on July 25.Young Cain's., father, Mr. John(Peter) Cain received the news inthe shape of an official telegram fromAdjutant-General Harris, of the WarDepartment, at Washington, to theeffect that James Cain had been killed in battle in France on July 26.For week and weeks Mr. Cain, andfriends and relatives had made everyeffort to ascertain the fate of youngCain, but nothing could be learned.Hope gave way to despair, and attimes the old adage, "No news isgood news," bouyed them up.James Cain was twenty-three yearsold. He left Paris with one of thefirst details of Bourbon county draftees for Camp Zachary Taylor, reporting at the capnp on Sept. 22,1917. As he was marching with theothers up Main street some one asked himjhe question, "Jimmie, whatare you going to do when you get toFrance?" His answer, straight fromthe shoulder, was, "I'm going to fightfor Uncle Sam. What would youthink I would be going over therefor?" This was typical of his spiritand determination. After a courseof 'intensive training at Camp Zachary Taylor, Cain was sent to anEastern port, from where he embarked for the battle front in France.Soon after his arrival there his parents received several letters fromhm, and heard from him regularlyup to the latter part of last June.Since that time no word had comefrom him, and his friends and relatives, after exhausting every meansof learning something of his fate, became reconciled to the belief that hehad been killed or was a prisoner insome German capnp. It has seemeddifficult for them to understand whyit has taken six months to get definite news concerning him.Jimmie Cain was possessed of a jovial disposition, and was a big-heartedand popular young man. Whatever his faults they are now lost inthe fact that he has died in the defense of the cause of democracy andfor the perpetuation of freedom, andhis napne will be honored among theBourbon county boys wjio have fallenon the battlefield of the Old World.He is survived by his parents, Mr.and Mrs: -John' Cain, one sister, MissHelen Cain, and three brothers, JohnCain, Jr., Thos. Cain and Robt. Cain,all of Paris.Mrs. John W. Duvall, who has beetrthe efficient cashier at the office ofthe Paris Gas & Electric Co., has tendered her resignation to take effecton January 15. Mrs. Duvall has beenholding this position for a numberof years, and it is with regret thatthe company and general public accept her resignation. Miss RuthSoper will fill the place vacated by,Mrs. Duvall.Mr. Julian Howe has also resigned as bookkeeper for the company. His place will be filled, it iunderstood, by a gentleman fromDanville.Mr. C. ii. Steenbergen, the faithful,and efficient Manager, will still be incharge of the company's business.AT THE ALAMO AND THE PARISGRAND.COFFEE. COFFEE.Buy coffeebe sorry.(It)-see us and you won'tC. P. COOK & CO.These popular movie houses willpresent a varied and most excellentprogram for the week, beginningwith to-day's presentation, JohnBarrymbre, in "The Man From Mexico." The liueewe Orchestra continues to furnish musical programs thatdelight the large audience eachnight. The program for the week isas "ollows:To-day, Tuesday, January 14John Barrymore, in "The Man FromMexico;" William Duncan in thethirteenth episode of "A Fight ForMillions;" Pathe comedy, "She LovedMe Not."To-morrow, Wednesday, January15 Douglas Fairbanks, in "HeCqmes Up Smiling;" Big V comedy,"Bums and Boarders;" ParamountPictograph.-Thursday, January 16 ConstanceTalmadge, in "Good Night Paul;"Screen Magazine; Universal Comedy,"A Duck Out Of Water."HOME TELEPHONE NOTES.At the stockholders' meeting, heldin the office of the Company, January8, the following directors were elected for the ensuing year: I. E. Knisely, E. H. Cady, R. B. Crane, J. D.Powers and S. M. Heller.District Manager J. J. Veatcn spentSaturday in Harrodsburg on businessfor the Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Burgin have returned to Paris and will make thistheir future hojrae. Mr. Burgin willresume, his old position -as WireChief, after having' been honorablydischarged from Government serviceat Fort Moultria, South CarolinaMrs. Burgin resumes her old positionas Chief Operator, after having spenther time in the operating departmentof the Home Telephone Company atLexington and Bowling Green during!the time Mr. Burgin was in camp.BURNED IN EXPLOSION OF GASOIINE LAMP.Ed Herrin, well-known Paris barber, was burned about the head, faceand neck Sunday afternoon by theexplosion of a gasoline lamp he .wasfilling, .at -his home on South Mainstreets Medical aid was summonedand first-aid remedies applied. Hewas able to be about his room yesterday ' .hospitals, warehouses for storage andother agencies needed to make a gigantic manufacturing center.Lieiit. Davis Hutchraft, who is inParis' on a visit to his mother, Mrs. J.Perry1 Hutchcraft, in East Paris,came from vthe Vancouver Cantonmentj at Vancouver, Washington, incharge of a detachment of four hundred soldiers, to Camp Sherman,neat Chillecothe, Ohio, where theyare to be mustered out of the service. He will return to Tampa,Florida, as soon ahis wife, who hasbeen ill in a Vancouver hospital,with-influenza, is able-td travel.-WE KNOW HOWWINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you muttthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins arid kids, $12.00 per pair.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREijTH0ETWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1919.K'-4itrDIE BOURBON NEWSWished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationNatkhed Every Tuesday and FridayFac Year. .?2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00Payable in Adavance,fWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Peered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoince as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Azt erroneous reflection upon thephanuoter, standing or reputation ofM7 person, firm or corporation which.jMjr appear in the columns ol tubiJBQUBBON NEWS will be gladly cornoted if brought to attention of thejidftoc.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perImch for first time; 50 cents per inchoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linejwrtfi issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rateB for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officestaoBfc invariably be accompanied bythe cash.frEDITOBIAL MUSINGS.t Death of Roosevelt.Theodore Roosevelt is no more.The mortal remains of this preeminent American were consigned totheir last resting place last week,but his name and his deeds will bewritten indelibly upon the history ofthe ages.No man in American history hadsuch a versatile mind no man sucha cosmopolitan career. His greatmiad was interested in every phase ofBuman endeavor. His active careerledJiim through almost innumerablelines of activity. Athlete, writerhistorian, traveler, explorer,patriot, soldier, statesman, administrator in many capacities from Statelegislator to President, he made goodin every capacity. Although abusedand criticised, he had a wonderfulhold on the hearts of the people, foreverybody knew he was honest andunafraid. There are many worthyaccomplishments in his distinguishedcareer, but probably his most notableachievements are his determinedand victorious fight against thetrusts and wealthy exploiters of theAmerican people. He insisted on a"square deal" for rich and poor, andidepmnded honesty in every department of the nation's government.His life was the synthesis of vigorousAmerican ideas, his career, the emZio&iment of honest, patriotic Americanism. One of the very greatestof Americans has fallen to go up"higher.K.""i The Children's Interest.Although the statement may soundheretical in those quarters whereancient methods of politics aer revered, it is neverthless the fact that thejKarsfnotttttinterest in the business ofselecting -school books for four yearsto come- is the children's interest.The desire-ot no publisher, neither.the desire of any member of the comnii'SSioB. to favor any publisher can beallowed, to overshadow for a momentthe children's interest.Inevitably, if the children's interest be well served in the choice ofschool books, the State will be wellserved. It is-trite to repeat that thechild is the father of the man, yet theidea, embodied' in the truism shouldbe foremost in the mind of the Governor when he sets about to selectthe fmen who will serve with Superintendent Gilbert and himself in thisvery important duty. No man shouldserve in this capacity except he beabsolutely devoted to the furtheranceof public education in Kentucky andthat alone.Perhaps there should be no changes made in the books in use in thepublic schools. Perhaps there shouldbe atr few changes. Perhaps thereshould be a sweeping change. TheGovernor's appointees, together withMmself and Superintendent Gilbert,are empowered by the law to decidethese questions. They will have intheir hands the welfare of the State.Private interest cannot stand up before the public weal. ,It should beeasyHo-find ten men of character andtemperament fitted for this task.JJont's For Eemployers.When your former employe, whoHas been in the army dr the navy retunas to his job, here's a good set of"Doo-t's" to be observed:"Don't drop dead if he comes downto work ahead of time. He acquiredthe earlyifislng habit in the armyv"Don't think, he is trying to curryfavor by his (manner of addressingyim. To the soldier every officer is'sic and you are his officer now.;jEf , when you speak his name suddenly; he straightens up like a ramrod; -doa't think, you have detectedhimIn wrong-doing.'Don't imagine that he is infatuated With the typist because he looksat her so frequently. It has been solong since he saw a real AmericangirL"His attempts at 'straighteningup' around the office should not betaken as an implication that you areslovenly. The army has taught himsuper-neatness."Please don't become irritated ifhis ability to think faster than youdo proves annoying. The army is toblajme."Do not dodge or prepare to wardoff a blow if he makes a suddenmovement with his arms. The oddsare that he is absent-mindedly saluting. "And don't marvel because he hasceased to glance at the clock. Remember, he wears a wrist watchnow." i iBack to Work.Allowing several days for goodmeasure, it will be time for everybody to get all their Christmasthings into their respective drawers,shelves and other receptacles. TheChristpias cards should be filed awayor destroyed as one's custom mayrun; the Christmas tree should bedismantled; and while we keep allthe good feeling and affectionate fellowship in our hearts, we should getdown to business. Our soldiers arereturning for demobilization, jobsmust be supplied them and the labors of the day must be maintained.Throughout the land the wheels thatso recently whirred their tirelesssong of war now hum in the greatsymphony to peace; and each one'spart is required to maintain the vastorchestra in its perfection.The years that lie before civilization will be strenuous years, hardyears, perhaps, but the easiest wayto victory in peace for this peopleis to seize the task at once in a spiritnot only of self-interest, but of acontinuing patriotism that puts thewelfare of the community and thecountry before all other interests.The production of food and staplegoods of every character should beurged to the highest pitch; and theburdens upon the people that hadincreased enormously for years before the war should be lifted asquickly as possible. The work hasreturned, let us hie to our work.Write To The Soldiers.Letters from home were nevermore needed than at present, according to a statepnent issued by theheadquarters of the Y. M. C.A., inParis, France. It is urged that relatives of men in the service continuewriting to them until their returnhas been definitely arranged for.This statement was made after ithad been learned that many soldiersand sailors had received letters saying that now that the war is over andthe men soon to return to America,there is no further need to keep onwriting.oYOU CAN'T ITND ANYDANDRUFF, AND HAIRSTOPS COMING OUTSave Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy, Glossy and Beautifulat Once.Try as you will, after an application of Danderine, you can not finda single trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch, butwhat will please you jmost will be after a few weeks' use, when you seenew hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just moisten a clothwith Danderine and carefully drewit through your hair, taking onesmall strand at. a time. The effectis immediate and amazing yourhair will be light, fluffy and wavy,and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance, the beauty andshimmer of true hair health.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any durg store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby caieless treatpnent. A small bottle will double the beauty of yourhair. (adv)oSOUTH AMERICAN TRADE.The War Trade Board announcesthat cargo space for goods awaitingshipment to South America will inall probability soon be available. Itis stated by the Board that "Dutchshipping amounting to 50,000 tons,less bunker space, is already available in United States ports or on theway here and other ships are beingassigned."In addition to six Dutch ships already in American ports, Holland recently ent five ships, the Brunswyk,Delta, Minerva, Moerdyk and Terschelling in the expectation of lifting cargoes of grain 'in the UnitedStates. But due to the congestionof grain-loading facilities, it has beendecided by Holland to send theseships to South America for grain andthe War Trade Board has facilitatedthe movement by the granting ofbunker coal, not only for the trip toSouth America, but for the returnjourney. With the allotment of other tonnage, the merchants in Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and otherSouth American points will be ableto secure without further delay thegoods which have been purchasedand stored and other goods which arenow on order."$MILLBRSBURGMrs. M. E. Martin is not so well.Mrs. S. E. Bruce left Saturdayfor a two-weeks' visit to her sister,at Chicago, 111.Several new cases of flu havebeen reported during the past weekby the various physicians. However,it is all in a light form. It still continues Jn the M. C, and will no doubtrun its course there in a few days.Rev, J. M. Helm, of Parkersburg,W. Va., will preach at the Christianchurch next Sunday morning andevening, and every night during theweek thereafter. The public is cordially invited to attend these services. Mrs. Mary Bruce Frederick leftSunday for Louisville, where she willmeet her husband, Lieut. Frederick,who will be mustered out of thearmy service at Camp Taylor sometime during the -week. She was accompanied as far as Lexington by hermother, Mrs. J. D. Redd, who willremain as the guest of her brother,Capt. Milliken, and family, for several days.Mrs. W. M. Miller and sons, Masters William and Hart Miller, returned Saturday after ' a severalweeks visit to Mr. and Mrs. R. L.Buffington, at Columbus, O. Theywere accompanied home by Mr. andMrs. Buffington, Mr. Bufllington leaving Sunday afternoon on a businesstrip to Pittsburg, -Pa. Mrs. Buffington will remain in the Miller homefor a week.Mrs. Thomas Crump died at herhome Thursday evening of the flu.She had been sick but a few days.She was the wife of Thomas Crump,residing on the farm of of Mrs. Elizabeth H. Miller. They have been married for a number of years, but leaveno children. Her sister-in-law, Mrs.Samuel Bartlett, died of the samedisease about two weeks ago. Theremains were interred in the Millersburg Cemetery Saturday afternoonafter a short service at the grave byRev. J. W. Gardner.CLERK PATON WORKING TO GETWAR TROPHIES.County Clerk Pearce Paton, oneof the most popular and capable officials in Kentucky, has been quietlyat work during the past few weeks"pulling wires" in an effort to secure two German trophies to adornthe entrance of Bourbon's magnificent Court House.In his usual "gum shoe way," Mr.Paton took the matter up with Hon.E. H. Crowder, Provost Marshal General at Washington, and Mr. Paton'searnest request so impressed GeneralCrowder that this high Army officerreplied in a personal letter to Mr.Paton's request.Acting ont he sugestion of Gen.Crowder, Mr. Paton took the matterup with Congressman J. CampbellCantrill, and from the latter's replyit would indicate that County ClerkPaton's efforts soon would Tesult inBourbon's securing two war trophiesto be placed on either side of thecourt house entrance.The letters of Provost MarshallGeneral E. H. Crowder and that ofCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill toMr. Paton follow:December 26, 1918.Mr. Pearce Paton,Paris, Kentucky,My dear Sir:Your letter from Paris, Kentucky,dated December 14, was brought tomy personal attention and I havegiven it every consideration, hopingto write you more favorably than Ican as to a definite plan for realizing your desire for war tropMes tobe placed in front of your CourtHouse. The, desire. I have to be ofservice is reinforced by the splendidrecord you outline of the work ofthe board with which you have beenidentified and the pledge you makefor the future.Captured cannon, etc., is publicproperty for which the Ordinance Department of the Army is responsible.Like all other public property it canbe sold" or otherwise distributedonly in such manner as may beprovided by legislation. At the present time there is , no authority forthe distribution, gratis, to. communities of captured German Ordnance.However, many bills have been, introduced m Congress on this generalsubject. I cannot yet determine theattitude of Congress toward thesebills, but that it will take some definite action calculated to effect anequitable 'distribution is reasonablycertain. I am going to ask you towrite to your Congressman so that heand I may-co-operate in the matter ofsuch legislation.I wish to assure you and throughyou your board that, having to pursue the legislative route in this classof cases, there is no opportunity todo for you as good a job as you havedone for me. If my single handedefforts would be effective I shouldexpect to write you a different sortof letter.With the season's best wishes, I amVery cordially" yours,E. H. CROWDER,Provost Marshal General.Jan. 6th. 1919.Hon. Pearce Paton,Paris, Ky.Dear Mr. Paton.I .am just in receipt of your telegram relative to securing two Germantrophies for Bourbon County.It will take an act of Congressdirecting the Sec. of War to send thetrophies to Bourbon and tomorrow Iwill introduce a bill to this effectand will make the best effort possibleto secure the passage of the bill before Congress adjourns March4th. With kindest regards and bestwishes. I am,Very sincerely yours,J. C. CANTRILL.oCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes 'Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. . . . (jan-adr)ANNOUNCEMENT OFJOHN D.Candidate for DemocraticBecause of that most excellent lawwhich limits a candidate for Gorernor to $10,000, or about $84 to theoounty, to promote his candidacy, ithas been necessary to print my complete announcement in pamphletform, and it will be distributedthroughout the State. It contains afull statement of my views on public questions, and I would like to seea copy in the haads of every Democratic voter. la this brief spaoe, Ihave attempted to summarize themore important subjects touched onin that pamphlet, which wiU b seatto anyone requesting: it.liquor Question.I will vote for aad support theAmendment to the Constitution tofUX 9. CABJKOLL. New Cattlt,rohibit the manufacture, saleandtransportattoa of splritsoua, vinous,malt and other iatoxicatlnr liquors.If elected, I will honestly aad earaestly use all legitimate efforts tomake effeeMve by legislation the letter as well as the spirit etf thleamendment." Womaa flksl&raga.Sfcoald the .proposed Anaeekdmeat tothe Conattetton be adopted by Comgrese, I -will faver. ratificatiei by theKentucky Lejisiature. If this amendment doee not pass CpRgr n, I favor submitting an amendment to theConatitvtton of Kenteeky eotterriasuffmtre mpon weenen, and wftl rotefor IkI nave always been, nasi ntm now,devetedly attached ft the fnmmsaSchool System: I nam fceartfty la favor of mstrlna: nanple prorieien tosecmre for every ehftd In the Statean epeortnntty to ontaM at least arood comseen school eetoeatfen. Furthermore, every effort event te hedirected te the enfereeeeent of thecompulsory school law so that everychild within school yearo ntay he required to attend some eehoeLTnbUc Romete.I favor thorough ce-ordinatien between State and county effort in roadwork so that rood results may he obtained from the expenditure of Statefends.Agriculture.As the ehief wealth of ear State isfound in its agriculture, I favor putting the State Agricultural Depart?ment on such a financial oasis aswill enable it to render te the farmers of the State the most efficientand 'practical service.New Tax Law.The principle of classification ofproperty and Imposition of a different rate of taxation should net. Inmy judgment, be chanced until a fairtrial has demonstrated, its injustice.Such inequalities as may be in thepresent law should be cured by proper legislation.State Debt.The State debt should not he permitted to grow larger, and. I wouldveto all appropriations in excess ofrevenue and try to arrange the affairsDON'T DELAYSome Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The silghtest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney aliments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, -weary, .wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by. neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere yet is tijme begin treatingyour kidneys at once with a triedand proven kidney remedy. No needto experiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used inthousands of cases of kidney troublefor over 50 years. Doan's KidneyPills are used and recommendedthroughout the civilized world. Endorsed at home. Read Paris testimony :Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co. and 'from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, reliable remedy. Whenever my kidney have acted irrgeu-Iarly or my back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved (me of the complaint."Price, 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oIron In Ukralnla.Within the boundaries of Ukralnla are found the principal availabledeposits of iron ore In Russia. Thedevelopment of the iron ore depositsof the Krlvoi Rog district has beenmainly responsible- for the rapidgrowth of the Russian Iron and steelindustry, which now depends to anextent of about 70 per cent on theIron ore in the southern part of thecountry.In the week following the signing of the annistice 40,000 inquiries passed through he Red CrossBureau of Communicitiom.HKKKflflnJMHKflBKC&iaHv!S59iKHrflfliiBlliiiiHiBnEMHBffiiiiiiraBsHSKi(KKKKRHfiES!8!uiSHHBSflBHBHBHBBlBflBHBlBBBHBHBlHBHBflBflBHBBBJVCARROLLNomination for Governor.of the State so the present indebtedness may be retired without increasing taxes.Labor.Being a friend of labor and sympathizing with every legitimate effort to better living conditions, I favor such legislation as will promotethe comfort and prosperity of thewage earner.Law and Order.Confident that the supremacy oflaw aad preservation of order are indlspennable to our peace and happiness, I am and always have been astrong advocate of speedy and vigorous enforcement of law. I abhormob law and am gratified that therewill be submitted to the voters atthe November election an amendmentto the Constitution providing for theremoval of any Peace Officer for negleot of duty. I will vote for thisamendment and if elected will urgethe Legislature to enact suitable lawsfor its enforcement.Pardons.I think the power to pardon shouldbe sparingly exercised and pardonfronted only when the ends of Justiceemand it.Nonpartisan Judiciary.The integrity and freedom fromS artisan bias of the judiciary of thetate is a matter for congratulationof every citizen. I believe, however,that the judiciary should be nonpartisan to the end there may not evenbe a suspicion that their judgmentwas warped by partisan feeling.Nonpartisan Imotitatioas.Our public institutions should behonestly and absolutely divorcedfrom partisan politics. Faithful andcompetent men should not be removed for partisan purposes or political reasons.Fair Elections Corrupt Practice ActOur, Corrupt Practice Act is along- and Ine step toward preventing bribery because It limits the sumthat, a candidate may spend. Theprovisions of this act I intend to observe strictly, according to its letter as well as spirit, although nodoing will necessarily deprive me ofthe benefit of xnnch legitimate letterwriting and helpful advertising-.Inopeodeat Tote.If the Democratic party desires towin it must nominate caniitidatos whocan secure the independent vote. TheDemocrats should nominate that man,whether it be myself or another, whocan poll the largest vooe la tin November election.BeUeving that the Ua4e may heHkoaed to a big business corporation,I scan never its feueine'as being conducted aUj nearly an peeeibie In thesame eeoaomicaf aad enecient mssmian the affairs of a large and wellmanaged buBtaeeu concern. I willdeveto all my time nnd attention to'lookinc, after State business, havingno other ambition than that of beingknown ae a business Governor, aadduring the term shall not be a candidate. Where Candidate Lives.The section of the State that can'diaateoT come from is not material.Stanley, from Western Kentucky, received in the State 4.13C more' votesthan Black, from Eastern Kentucky,and in two of the thirty-one mountain, counties the vote was a tie between them. In twenty-two of theether twenty -nine Stanley got a majority over Black.SodlersMdnanent.To perjetuate the heroic deeds ofonr soldiers who, gave their Jives forthe honor .and safety of their Stateand Nation and are now sleeping inforeign lands, I advocate the erectionof a noble monument that wlir'beenduring evidence of the grateful remembrance we who are living holdthe names and memory of those whoJhave died.Conclusion.In this brief statement. I have setforth the principles I believe in andshall advocate, and in the primary election I respectfully ask the support oCthose Democrats who indorse my position and who believe, if nominatedand elected. I will honestly endeavorto put them into effective form.JUfl.i iJ. UAKROLL. I' " 1Down in Argentina, 150 Red Crosschapter members knitted 1,025sweaters and 500 pairs of socks intwo months.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNA1NAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404EERST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136REMOVALNOTICEOn and Afttr January 15th MyStore Location Wilt Be622 S. Main StreetBetween Baldwin Bros, andChas. Monson's Grocery.This room is much bettersuited to my business and moreconvenient to my trade.A NEW STOCKWill Be Addedand I will be much better prepared to wait on my increasingbusiness.Your patronage, will be appreciated. DR. 0. L. FRYEJEWELER AND 0PT0XET1IST.(3anlO-4t)For Rent.Brick house on High street; airrooms; hall; bath; newly paperedand painted; will be ready for occupancy on Monday, January 13. Imquire at The J. T. Hinton Cos.(10-2t)Wanted at Once.50 white girls and women to select turkey feathers. All year work.Very desirable environment. Opportunity to make splendid wages.Apply Dow Building, 201 MainSt., Jan. 14 and 15.(10-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS.WANTED.Bright girl, white, to superintendselection of turkey feathers.Apply Dow Building. 201 Main'St., Jan. 14 and 15.(10-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartjment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.LOSTOn the streets of Paris a blacksilk umbrella with silver plate onhandle, initials, "M. C. C." on plate.Finder leave at this office and receive reward.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Parisa siver mean purse. Finder returnto this office and receive reward.FOUNDOn Tenth- street, a rtrbber boot(loft) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner ean secure same by calling at Wilirortn & Co-Zs grocery,proving property, and payingcharges. (20-tf)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices- for iron,hides, junk and' wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)To ParentsYou rush your child to the dentist when he- has a toothache. Mostof you don't nzait for actual trouble,but bank on regular examination andcare to prevent it.But how about your sorfs anddaughter's- eyes? Are they perfect?Are you sure they are not handicapped because of fautbv Tision?The general health and work inschool of almost nine out of tenchildren cam be improved 50 per'cent, by properly fitted glasses.Let us examine your cTifltTs eyes.No guess work we know how.Dr. Wm, Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.CAtiAL BROS.2AHBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS8RIClkizammuuwam.Gtelfat'J&WutHere is your opportunityWagainst embarrassac erapronunciation and powords. Know thesaeaaiwar terms. Increase yourwhich results ra power axWEBSTER'SNEW INTERNATIONALDICTIONARY is an all-know-Jngteacher, a universal questionanswerer, made to meet yourneeds. It 13 in daHy mm byhundreds of thousands of successful men and women the world oyer.4W,WWorda. 27MFsM. 6Hf Illustrations. 12,M Biographical Eatrie. 39,99 Geographical Subjects.CXANBPUZI, (Highest Award)Panama-Pacific Exposition.U6CIAX aai INMA-FAFIS MHtaas.WRITE for Spedmea Pae. FREEPocket Map U yoa name this paper.C. 4k C. MERRIAM CO.,SfnaIId, Mm ., U. S. A.I (dcc27-3tT)CgwCOHhM' Bto inmr Emsoellioc; ychoice of EJofpuzzGoc meefficiency BEsuccess. ' KHK.jTUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1919.THE BOUEB(OH HEWS, PAEIS, XEHOTCKMGEkFRIDAY COURIER-JOURNALINDORSEDS HOME PEOPLEGreat Assembly Cheer the Noted Educatorand Adopt Stirring Resolutions EndorsingHis Candidacy for Governor.CHfZDDVHfcKlflA great mass meeting: was held atBowling Green on Saturday, December28th, to endorse the candidacy of Dr.H. H. Cherry for the Democratic nomination for Governor. It was an enthusiastic meeting:, and one whichshowed that the people of his nativecounty, among- whom he has livedand worked all his life, appreciatehis qualities of life and leadership,MlilSlilDr. H. H. CKERRY, BowIlBg: Green.and are back of his candidacy. Mr.Morgan Hughes, a fellow-townsmtnof Dr. Cherry, and a noted westernKentucky farmer, reported, as chairman of the Committee on Resolutions, the following: resolutions, whichirre unanimously and enthusiastically adopted:"The Democrats of "Warren county,killing from every precinct withintwr borders, in mass meeting: assembled do hereby confidently and enthusiastically commend to the Democracy of the Commonwealth ofKentucky, the candidacy of H. H.CHerry, who seeks his party's nomination as its candidate for Governor,at the primary election to be held onJUrsust X, 1919. Dr. Cherry was bornid reared In Warren county, springlag from a Christian family of hardyftfoneers. Here he has spent his life.Xere he has risen by his unaidedefforts, from an humble farmer-lad toscome the head of a great educational institution, In which the peopletreryirher feel a justified pride; andfrom here his influence for food hasrusUated throughout the entire State.tt forirari-looklng; movement fori credit of the State and the welfare e the people has always had inhim an earnest and effective champion.. Every moral issue which hasrisen has always found him on theright side. Every progressive measure which has been proposed, whetherfor governmental efficiency, educational expansion, agricultural betterment, or purity In politics, has alwaysreceived his unflagging support. Heis an earnest and life-long Democrat,who has hitherto been content to be aworker in the ranks. His excellentability, tried through years of experience, and tested by many difficulties,is of the highest order. Personallyhonest, politically incorruptible, trained in the difficult work of intelligentand effective leadership, he is eminently qualified to fill the office ofGovernor, with credit alike to himselfand to the Commonwealth. "We, hisfellow-county men, earnestly endorsehis candidacy, and confidently bespeakfor him the generous support of everyDemocrat everywhere throughout theentire State."Dr. Cherry has issued a progressiveprogram. In his announcement hestates that he submits his desires tothe people, and under no circumstances will he be a candidate of anypolitical faction. He stands for perfecting the tax and road laws; fororganizing the finances of the Stateupon a sound, equitable and just basis;for economy and efficiency in all departments of State government; forthe elimination of every useless joband all forms of waste; for local. Stateand National prohibition; for the rigStof suffrage for the women of the Stateequally with the men; for safeguarding -and promoting the rights of thelaboring man; for better rural schools;for better health conditions; for anon-partisan judiciary, and, for thenon-partisian management of charitable and penal institutions, free fromall political influences. He also endorses reforms along other vital lines.He believes that capital should be encouraged to come within our borders;that labor should be secured ana receive fair treatment and just compensation; that education should driveilliteracy from the State, and agriculture, which is the basis of our wealth,should be fostered and raised to thehighest degree of efficiency. He declares that Kentucky needs more fieldsof alfalfa, more agricultural limestone, and other things, and less political brimstone.If you endorse this character of aman and the principles he advocates.Dr. Cherry would value your support,and if you feel like writing him, hewould greatly appreciate kearing fromyou,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. M. E. McCurdy has returnedfrom a business trip to Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Woodall andchildren have returned from a visitto relatives in Texas.Mrs. Clay Fightmaster and children are ill with influenza at theirhome on South Main street.Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Mann havegone to New Smyrna, Florida, tospend the remainder of the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Mers andlittle daughter have returned from avisit to relatives in Flemingsburg.Turney Clay and Blair Varden,of Paris, attended the dance givenin Winchester by the young people ofthat city.Mr. Ben Speakes and familyhave returned to their home nearParis from a visit to relatives in Dayton, Ohio.Mr. Milton Clancey, of Nitro,West Va., is a guest at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Robert Langston, onScott avenue.Mr. Homer Kiser and family,who moved from Paris to Corbinsome time ago, have returned toParis to reside.Miss Alice Hughes has returned to her home in Nicholasville aftera visit to Prof, and Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick, on Sixth street.Mrs. Harry Chinn and son,Kennedy, have returned from NewYork, where they spent the holidayswith Mr. Burkett Chinn.Mrs. Marion Roberts, of theShawhan vicinity, is ill at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where she hasbeen for the past week.Mr. and Mrs. Frank E. Faulkner have as guests at their home onHigh street, Mr. and Mrs. HughMinor and son, of Cannel City.Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrill andMiss Ethlyn Smith have returned totheir hopes near Clintonville from avisit to Prof, and Mrs. J. Moler McVey, in Dayton, Ky.Mrs. Ernest Hosier, has returned to her home in Lexington aftera visit of several days to Mr. andMrs. S. Kenney Nichols, and hermother, Mrs. Carrie F. Stone.Mr. Rankin Thomas, of theShawhan vicinity, who recently underwent an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, forappendicitis, is reported as makingsatisfactory recovery.Mrs. A. C. Hendrix, formerly MissWoods, of this city, is ill at herhome in Cecilian, Ky., with the influenza. Her sister, Miss JuliaWoods, who went to nurse her, isnow ill with the disease. Mrs. JackWoods, of Paris, their mother, isnursing them.Judge H. Clay Howard left Friday for Washington, D. C, in response to a telegram from formerPresident Leguia, of Peru, requestinghim to meet him there. Judge Howard and the former President wereintimate friends while the formerwas United States Minister to Peru.(Other Personals on .rage &j(J ;uItSAVINGS STILL NEEDED.Secretary of the Treasury Carter!Glass, in the first detailed statementissued by him since he succeeded W.G. McAdoo, outlined plans for Government financing in the near future.He warned against relaxation andself-satisfaction, pointing out thatthe war job is not yet completed andthat the American people must continue to save and lend their savingsto the Government.The statement, in part, is as follows: "In the eighteen aonths of thewar American people subscribed for$18,000,000,000 of Liberty Bondsand War Savings Certificates."Secretary McAdoo has estimatedthat the cash outgo from the treasury during the current fiscal year,ending June 30, 1919, will amount to$18,000,000,000, and much morethan half of that amount has alreadybeen expended in the five and onehalf months which have elapsed."The treasury must issue anotheriXkXxiiRj&tTjiaxX trniXArei3&'!A&'CJtavLYrxijajvtii-L n .-wnTV.TTM To.inMTOUKiftAWifarXKk.-.jM'fl.:i ,I ft?iT ,V jr-k 3 21inextXPM&The assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreementstEfaJ,t$14951495iftO!Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-14 -FivePassenger Open Model H-Six-45 -FourPassenger Closed Model H-Six-46 -FivePassenger Closed Model H-Six-47 -SevenPassenger Open Model H-Six-49 -SevenPassenger Closed Model H-Six-5Buick Motor Company, Flint, MichiganPljiiuer Builders of Valve-in-Kead Motor Curs21951785258'mtivraM yg-i tta aunauetoaLKuezxnafrtt. .xttxatauM!rzrtMr,-r; Knav.o-.vr-rr n-r. .:ijj : . n. 'j,-jn,ttjk.'t4HIC! ffltC! HIC!To Secure the BestPositions You PrepareFor Them.You cannot afford to take anychances in selection of a businessschool for your hoy or your girl oryourself You don't have to go byguess work a little investigationwill convince you that the FugazziSchool of Business can offer youmore advantages give you a bettermore thorough and more efficienttraining than you can get atthe average school and as good as thebest schools in the country.Our corps ToX teachers is unsurpassed and thf itgh our school is unjqow compos, of about 200 students individual instruction isgiven to each.The high,, opinion in which business men fceWi the Fugazzi School isreflected iirtW great demand for ourgraduates which demand we do nothegin to be able to fill.Write for booklet or call at theschool. Day and Night Classes.Fugazzi School ofBusiness"Efficiency Is Our Watchword."KISS IRENE FUGAZZI, Principal.MRS..L. V. JONES, IflJ3B,t. Prin.118 tf. Upper St.. Second Hoor.i Lexnurtt. Xj.large loan before the end of the fiscalyear, and I am entirely in accordwith the policy already outlined thatthis loan should take the form ofbonds of short maturities."It is vitally important that thetreasury should continue in a mostenergetic way the sale of War Savings Stamps and Certificates."Millions of our people have become holders of bonds of their Government, but some of them seem tofeel that they are under no furtherobligation to retain these bonds andthey are selling them and using themoney for unnecessary purposes orexchanging them for other securitiesof doubtful value. So long as theUnited States needs to sell bondsthose who hold the present issuesshould not dispose of them exceptunder the spur of urgent necessity.They have invested in the best security in the world, and it is both totheir own interest and to that oftheir Government that these securities be retained."There is no doubt that there isthroughout the country a feeling ofrelaxation a feeling of self-satisfactionthat the work already is performed and a strong and not unreasonable call to take up once more individual and business interests andactivity. The organizations whichhave given their time to the sale ofbonds were prepared for the taskwhich would have confronted themif the war had continued throughoutthe year of 1919 or longer, and I amconfident that despite these handicaps they will not now relax tbeirefforts and leave the task unfinished.Victory has come to us earlier thanwe might reasonably have expected,but victory will not cause us to neglect the completion of that workwhich made victory possible."oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for .any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipa-(jan-adv)Luke McLuke has the followingregarding the trials of a linotypeoperator who tried to fight John Barleycorn and the machine at the sametime:"There is a little town not farfrom Dayton, Ohio, which has onesmall daily newspaper. The plantcontains one Linotype machine. Theregular Linotype compositor wentaway for Christmas and a hoboprinter was located to sub for theregular for one day. The sub gotalong all right in the morning,tuoched the boss for a dollar forlunch and went out. It was the daybefore Christmas and the holidayspirit was in the air, also in the redeye dispensed in the local kaifs.Anyway, when the sub got back from'lunch' he was all lit up like aChristmas tree. He sat down in frontof the lino machine to set some newscopy. A nair nour later me prooireader went over whit the sub hadset up. This is what the proofreaderread:'This whol dam offlceffi etaoin taolEverbody has a bun whose got agrouchSmile dam you SMILEKeep on smil-Dont feel so grushy etaoin shruldimupcyfwfmoChrishmus comes but one a yearcywf etaoin it brings good cheerIt brings good mwypschrdlyWhat tha hel do we care what thahell do we careWhat the oinluu aoemffynuwgwySo smile smile smilAl together nowHail hail thrdlu dam this thingshrdly shrdlu aomfwyp dam etaoin-,etaoin."The proofreader went into thecomposing room with blood in hiseye.But the sub had disappeared."oEUB NEURALGIA PAIffAWAY! QUICK RELIEFC. S. BALL GARAGEBE CAREFUL WITH YOUR STAMPBOOK.Stop Suffering ! Rub Neuralgia PainFrom Face, Head or Body wita"St. Jacobs liniment."Get a small trial hottle!Rub this soothing, penetratingliniment right into the sore, inflamednerves, and like magic neuralgiadisappears. "St Jacobs Liniment"conquers pain. It is a harmlessneuralgia relief which doesn't burnor discolor the skin.Don't suffer! It's so needlessGet a small trial bottle from anydrug store and gently rub the "aching nerves" and in just a momentvmi will be absolutely free fromSpain, ache and suffering, but whatwill please you more is, tnai wemisery will not come back.No difference whether your painnr neuraljria misery is in the face.head or any part of the body, you getinstant relief and without injury.I (adv)Do not paste the old green $5stamps of 1918 in the new folder. Ifyou do you lose a year's interest, forthe 1918 stamps mature in 1923,while the new ones will mature in1924. If you have certificate partlyfilled with 1918 War Savings Stamps,save it as it is and get a new folderfor the new stamps.The National War Savings StampsCommittee is planning a new departure for 1919. This is to issuefully paid-up certificates in denominations of $100, $500 and $1,000,to be issued without stamps, for saleto those who wish to invest largersums. They will be Bold on the sameplanthe $100 certificates selling forfrom $83 to $84, depending .on themonth in which it is purchased; the$500 certificate for from $415 to$420 and $1,000 certificate for from$830 to $840.This certificate will have .all theadvantages of a Liberty Bond andnone of the disadvantages, such ascoupon clipping. As the War Stampsand certificates will pay 4 per cent,interest, compounded quarterly, thetotal income from them will be aboutthe same as that of a Liberty Bond44 per cent.Thirty million persons purchasedWar Savings Stamps in the UnitedStates in 1918.oSome 27,699 Italian war orphansand soldiers' children have been under the care of the American RedCross.L. and N. Time-Table.(EffectiTe January 15, 1919, at 12:01 a. m.)i .KENTUCKY TRACTION &TERMINAL CO.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. ParisFor Lexington.6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:45 a.m.11:15 a.m.12:45 p.m.2:15 p.m.3:45 p. m.5:15 p.m.6:50 p.m.8:15 p.m.10:05 p.m.Lve. Lexington'For Paris.,6:00 a.Tn.7:20 a.m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a.m.11:50 a.jm.1:20 p.m;2:50 pm.4:20 p.m.6:0P p.m.7:20 pm.9:10 p.m.11:00 p.mDaily except Sunday.Packages handled on all trainsreaching point of destination before6 p. m.Baggage deliveries made on alltrain. i , 4 ..:,No.3410151174037123391383839161563213031210209No.3415140171037133312938399163213131210209156Trains Arrive ;;From ArrivaAtlanta, Ga., Daily .. 5:19 ate .Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:30 aatCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:50 am.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 axaCincinnati, O., Daily 10:05 ailLexington, Ky., Daily 10:50 sua.Chicago, HI., Daily .. ..11:62 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : . 5.49 pmLexington, Ky., Daily '. 3:10pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily . . 5:15" pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 6:41 pikMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:39 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:4Q pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10:50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 11:02 pmLexington, Ky., Sunday only - ..12:50 pmMaysville, Ky., Sunday only 6:10 piaTrains DepartFor "" LeaveCincinnati, O., Daily -.-... . ,. 5:27 amMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:55 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " 7:45 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 11:08 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily ll:18,vnpBLexington, Ky., Daily 3:25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3:25 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:57 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:00 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:50 pa.Cincinnati, O., and Chicago, 111., Daily 6:48 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 11:08 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily ll:l$pmMaysville, Ky Sunday only 12Fo5IpmLexington, Ky., Sunday only 6:Jt5pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.: 55 pmP. and O. Time-Table jTRAINS ARRIVENo. From Arrive i2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38. am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm 'TRAINS DEPART ' ' ?No. For " . , Leave1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 8:25 am3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ';..' ..6:25 pmaSend That Next Job off Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices,41TAGE rOUXITr"6THE BOTOBON MEWStfv:,IAEIS, KEKPUCKY,,.inTUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 199-TO CONSIDER BATES ON CATTLESHIPMENTS.The district freight traffic committee of the United States RailroadAdministration has notified the Boardof Commerce that a meeting of thecompiittee will be held in Louisville,Tuesday, February 11, to considerthe propriety of establishing a fixedrelationship between the rates oncattle, hogs, sheep, etc., and the rateson packing house products.The notice states that the trafficcommittee, desires the views of interested parties on this subject, andlocal shippers affected by proposedchange in rates on live stock are invited to attend the meeting or express their views in writing.MODERN BUNGALOW AT AUCTIONHarris & Speakes will sell forThomas A. McDonald, on Tuesday,January 21, his handsome modernbungalow, 1219 Main street. Lookthis property over if you want a nicehome. (14-3t)oPLEMING FARMS FOR SALE"We will sell at public sale on thepremises near Flemingsburg, Ky., at1 p. m., on Saturday, January 18,1919, the homestead of the late Geo.S. Fleming, and later owned by hisson, Chas. M. Fleming, the wellknown feeder of export cattle.This tract contains 265 acres ofthe best of the large farms, and hason it the large brick residence andfine cattle and tobacco barns. Theland is all limestone and much of ithas been in bluegrass sod for years.It is well fenced and watered and ina fine state of cultivation. It will beoffered in two tracts, as follows:The hqmestead of 165 acres withthe improvements, and 100 acres onthe south end without improvements,and then as a whole, and sold to produce the most money.This land is located within a mileof the city of Flemingsburg, on agood pike, and is really one of thebest, if not the best farms in Fleming county. The failing health ofMr. Fleming is the only thing whichcaused him to offer it for sale, andMessrs. Skinner, Rhodes & Rhodes,very pro,mtly bought it, and haveplaced it in our hands for sale.Terms liberal and made knownon the day of sale.The same firm will also sell on thepremises the three farms of GeorgeH. Maddox, on Monday, January 20,described as follows: One farm of 62acres, located on Hussey pike, 3miles northwest of FlemingBburg,with good dwelling, barn and otherimplements, at 9 a. m.; another farmof 100 acres, 3 miles -northeast ofFlemingsburg, on the Flemingsburgand Mt. Caxmel pike, with comfortable dwelling and improvements,nearly all in grass, with plenty of tobacco land, at 10 a. m. The third isthe home of Mr. Maddox and contains144 amres, located about 5 milesnortheast of Flemingsburg, on theMaddox pike. Has good house of 7rooms, 2 halls and cellar, tenanthouse, 2 barns and all necessary outbuildings. Has an orchard in fullbearing and another coming intobearing, all fine fruit. This farm isnearly all in grass with a fine lot oflocust timber on it, and plenty oftobacco land. This farm will be soldat 11 a. m. Terms will be made liberal. Come and see these farms.DULEYJ HUDSON & McCARTNEY,(14-lt) Flemingsburg, Ky.REAL gSTATE PEATS.Harris & Speakes, of Paris, soldSaturday, the Charles Casey farm of95 acres, located near Centerville,to J. E. Casey, of Paris, for $120 peracre. The low price for the farm issaid to have been due to the fact thatit is located about, a mile from thepike, and hard to get to.Mrs. Elizabeth Rogers, of Lexington, has sold to Mr. and Mrs. JohnSauer, of near Paris, her frame cottage in East Paris, at present occupied by Mr. a-nd Mrs. Joe B. Smith.The price paid was $3,000. Mr. andMrs. Sauer, recently sold their farmnear Paris. They will move to theirnew purchase about the first of nextMarch.Mr. and Mrs. Porter Jett have soldtheir two-story frame house in EastParis to Mr. John Brophy, of nearParis, for $3,000. Mr. and Mrs.Jett will move to their farm nearRuddles Mills. Mr. Brophy and family will occupy the property aboutMarch 1.Mr. Japnes Caldwell, of the county,has purchased of Mr. George R. Bell,of this city, a tract of unimprovedland, containing about thirty acres,located on the Jackstown pike, andadjoining the Caldwell lands, for$300 an acre.Mrs. Evelyn Buck recently sold herhome on Pleasant street to Mr. Geo.W. Redmon for a price said to be$6,000. Mr. Redmon sold his finefarm on the Jackstown -pike, nearParis, recently. He will move to thehome, which will undergo extensiveI remodeling, about March 1.wm. H. Whaiey purcnasea Saturday the Kennedy property of eightand one-half acres, adjoining therear of his farm at the intersectionof the Paris & Lexington, and theClintonville pikes, for $6,000. Thisgives Mr. Whaiey a plot of twentyfour acres.Charles Wilmoth purchased of Rev.R., E. Herrington, Saturday, a cottage on Kentucky avenue, for $1,200. Through the Harris & Speakes' realestate agency of Paris, Roger Crouch,of the county, sold Saturday to Mr.McDaniel, of Harrison county, seventy-fiveacres of the A. S. Thompsonlands. Mr. Crouch purchased theland at public sale recently and resold it Saturday at a substantial advance over the original purchaseprice.Mr. and Mrs. James Doty, of thiscity, purchased recently of Hon. C.M. Thomas, the old Williams home onPleasant street, recently vacated bythe Misses Williams, and purchasedat private sale by Mr. Thomas. Thepaid was $8,500. Mr. and Mrs. Dotywill occupy the home. This is one ofthe most desirable homes in the city.It was built of the best materials obtainable by the owner, Major FrankWilliams, at one tipie Mayor of thecity of Paris, before the Civil War,and is considered one of the mostsubstantial homes in the city.oKINDERGARTEN DEPARTMENTAT PARIS CITY SCHOOL.The Kindergarten Department atthe City School had a good beginningMonday, January 6. The Kindergarten became a department in the CityPublic Schools on January 6, underthe direction of Miss Ellen Blanding,a graduate in Kindergarten work.Arrangements had been made for aclass of twelve children for the session, but as that number have already enrolled and there are somany more applications the school isarranging now to care for twenty-PUBLIC SALEDesirable Brick BungalowWe wili sell at public auction on the premises, at 1219 Main street, onTuesday, January 21, 1919at 2 o'clock, the attractive and up-to-date brick bungalow belonging toMr. an;d Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald.This well built brick bungalow is one and one-half stories high, ispractically new. Has all the modern and up-to-date improvements, contains six rooms, hall, complete bath room, fine cellar, stone foundation,slate roof, furnace, gas, electric lights, water, Higgin's dust proof screendoors and windows, garage, etc.This attractive bungalow was built recently by Mr. and Mrs. McDonald for their home, and every detail was carried out in it's construction with a view of permanency and attractiveness. It certainly is ahome of which any one could be justly proud. Anyone interested shouldinspect the property before the day of sale.THOS. A. McDONALD; orat) I HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agentsfive. The hours for rKindergatenchildren are from one to' threeo'clock Mondays, Wednesdays andFridays. Parents w.ho desire toget their children in this class willplease bring them to the school atthese hours. Al parents interestedin. Kindergaten work are invited to"visit the school and observe thework.In addition to this work a coursein kindergarten training will -startWednesday, January 15, at nineo'clock. We are prepared at thepresent to offer this training to sixyoung women who desire to becomeKindergarten teachers. The applicants for this training should havea High School education or its equivalent. They will be required to attend Kindergarten sessions Mondays,Wednesdays and Fridays from oneuntil three o'clock and a special session on Wednesdays from nine untiltwelve for Miss Blanding's lectures.The training course of study consists off -1. Forebels Mother Play.2. Psychology of Gifts. .3. Occupations.4. Child Psychology.5. Story Telling.6. Theory or Play.7. Theory of Music for YoungChildren.There will be no expense attachedto the training other than the purchase of text books- and the materiaals in the occupation class.Application for training should hemade to Miss Blanding at the schoolthis week, between the hours of eightand four o'clock.fcPublic Auctionmmmm1 W fff 1 ll iPnil fli W B fff iunary1919AT 10:30 A. M.. !? ' s j ' . ' v J" v Vm sWe will sell on the above day and date at public auction on the premises on the Paris and North Middletownpike, three-fourths mile from the city limits of Paris, Ky., the Fred Fister farm of 212 acres, better known as theGeorge W. Wyatt farm. The farm is under good fencing and is one of the best watered in the county.About 75 acres in old bluegrass sod, 25 acres in clover, fine stand, and about 80 acres in wheat. The wheat on'this farm in 1918 made 30 bushels to the acre. 175 acres of this farm will grow fine tobacco.Practically new two-story brick residence of efeht rooms, halls, pantry and presses, heated by furnace andgrates, has acetylene lights, and must be seen to be appreciated.Has stone foundation and roomy cellar, well and cistern in yard, servants' quarters, brick stock barn, framecattle barn, and all necessary outbuildings in good repair. For the past twenty years the farm was owned by .twoof the best farmers in the county and never was rented out. . r.The farm will be sold in two tracts and then as a whole. ."TRACT NO, 1 Contains about 130.02 acres with residence and outbuildings described above.TRACT NO 2 Con tains about 82.38 acres. It has upon it a good five-room tenant house and a new15-acre tobacco barn.The sale will be positive and without reserve, rain or shine. You make the price, we make the deed. "TERMS Ten per cent cash in hand day of sale, 23 1-3 per cent March 1st- when possession will be givenbalance in one and two years with deferred notes bearing six per cent interest. 'R. F.COLLIER and JAMES W.CONNELL, OwnersCOL. GEORGE D. SPEAKES, AuctionetrHARRIS & SPEAKES, AgentsL. De HARRIS, Business Manager&Public Sale of 75 Acres ofFine Suburban Unimproved LandSATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.We will sell at public auction, at the Court House door, 75 acres of land on the Maysville pike, one-fourth mile from the city limits of Paris, and adjoining the William and LouTaylor lands.This farm is good, deep soil, with lots of tobacco land. Twenty-five acres now in bluegrass and about fifty ares now in timothy. There is an ideal building site on the Mays-. ville pike and the neighborhood is the very bet No tobacco was ever grown on this'land.Plenty of good water-never failing spring that furnishes good water at all times.TERMSEasy and will be made known on day of sale..' For particulars, "apply to the undersigned.HARRIS & SPEAKES AgentsCEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer GEORGE R. BELL L. D. HARRIS, ManagerTUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1919;THE BOUItBOir HEWS, ARISXEHTttCR'".r.PAGE TOTixwmxiCFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL4 ASfl) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.THIS WILL GET THE 'KAISER'SGOAT, SURE!(By E. Dailey)0 may that cussed Kaiser floatGn. artic seas in an open boatWithout a hat without a coatA million miles away from shoreWhere ocean waves and torrents roarAnd gnash his teeth and nowi anaroarWith none to heed his groans andsighsAnd blow dust ever in his eyesHay sharks devour him stem andsternA whale engulf him down in turnAnd the devil take the whole concernoINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)oBACK IN HARJKESS?Mr. John. T. Ireland, of Paris, is totrain Colonel Taylor this year andnow has this three-year-old, alongwith five others, at the Kentucky Association track, in Lexington.oPARTS AHD GEORGETOWETBREAKEVEN IN (MIKES.Paris High School and the Georgetown school basketball teams playeddouble-header games at the Y. M. C.A, Friday night. The girls' team ofParis High defeated the Georgetownteam by a score of 36 to 6, while theParis boys' team went down in defeat to the Georgetown team by ascore of 26 to 24.NEWS EROH OIL ETELDSNews from the Eeastern Kentuckyoil district received in Paris, lastweek, was to the effect that the newcompany, The Co-Operative Land &Development Company, had broughtin what is known as well No. 1 inEstill county, with a flow of 50 barrels per day.A smaller well on the Gabbardlease in the same county and belonging to the Bourbon Oil & Development Company is reported inwith a run of 30 barrels per day.. oK. OF P. BANQUET.PrvwrR will be laid for a largegathering of Knights of Pythias atthe Crosdale Hotel, Thursday night.A banquet will follow the conferringof the first degree on several candidates. All members of RathboneLodge are urged to be present at thelodge room in the Wilson building,at the corner of Main and Third,promptly at 7:00 p. m. Thursdayevening. The initiation ceremonieswill follow the business session. Thebanquet will then be held at theCrosdale Hotel.DESIRABLE BRICK BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONMrs. Joseph Speakes has returned from a visit to relatives in Lexington. Mr. Harry Baldwin and son,Harry Baldwin, Jr., are ill with theinfluenza.- Mrs. C. L. Steenbergen will leaveto-day to spend the winter with herbrother in Arizona.Mrs. Ernest Martin has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. W. L.Harrison, near Lebanon, Ky.. Attorney James Chambers, ofCincinnati, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.George R. Bell, on Duncan avenue.Miss Mabel Tepiplin has returned to Cincinnati to resume her studies at the Cincinnati- College ofMusic.Miss Ella Loomis, of Cynthiana,was a guest of Mrs. John Moran, onPleasant street, from Saturday toMonday.Misses Mattie and Vprnitn Tin.win have returned from a visit toMr. and Mrs. S. 0. Askins, in Nicholasville. Among those on the sick listyesterday were the children of Mr.and Mrs. Warren Williams, who weresaid to have scarlet fever.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Bass havereturned to their home in Stearns,Ky., after a visit to the latter'smother, Mrs. Crowe, in this city.mr. ana Mrs. will G. McClmtock will leave to-morrow for Atlanta , Ga. Mr. McClintock goes thereon business connected with the livestock markets.Miss Grace Haskins is able to beout after an attack of influenza. Shehas resumed her position in the officeof County Clerk Paton and CountyJudge Batterton.Dr. and Mrs. M. L. Gunn, .newlyweds, are guests of relatives in Parisand the county. Mrs. Gunn, was formerly Miss Dorcas Ussery, daughterof Dr. W. C. Ussery, of Paris.Mrs. Elva Clancey, who has beenin Centralia, Mo., where she was called recently by the death of her sister, Mrs. Lucy Langston Irvine, isexpected to return nome to-day.Mr. J. W. Davis, who is recuperating from his recent operation atMayo Bros.' Hospital, at RochesterMinn., was able to be moved to TheKahler Hotel, Saturday, and is improving nicely.Judge Harmon Stitt returned toParis, Sunday, after an extended visitto cities on the Pacific Coast. JudgeStitt is "as brown as "a berry" fromopen-air life during his stay, and isin excellent health.Mr. Harry Jeffars, formerly localagent for the Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co.. was a visitor in Paris.j Sunday. Mr. Jeffars is now GeneralFreight Agent for the company, withheadquarters in Lexington.Mr. Joseph M. Hall left Sundayfor Martinsville, Indiana, where hewill take treatment for severalweeks. Other Parisians at Martinsville are Ed. T. Hinton and James T.Higgins, rheumatism sufferers.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson left Sunday for St. Petersburg,where they will spend the winter.Mr. Thompson's parents, Mr. andMrs. George C. Thompson, of Paris,are spending the winter at the sameplace.WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the Red Cross Sewing Rooms.Tuesday Woman's Society Christian church.Wednesday Catholic Church Society. Thursday Young Women's Mission Circle.Friday Presbyterian Church Society. Saturday-1 Teachers' Circle.Calendar of Clubs.The Paris Literary Club, Jan. 15.The Holy Land Miss Spears.The Bible and the Ancient Monument Miss Orr.Reading The Greatness of theOld Testament (Mathew -Arnold)Mrs. Vansant.The Progressive Culture Club, January 16.Religious News.Leader Mrs. Walker.Ruth and Naomi Mrs. Sharrard.Esther Mrs. Stewart.Rebecca Mrs. Walter Clark.Please do not buy more than you need, no matter how temptiig the values.No goods will be sent on approval or exchanged.The Greatest Values and Variety We Have Ever Assembled are Being Sacrificed in This UnequaledJANUARY CLEARANCEEvery Garment in the House Has Been SweepinglyReduced Without Regard to Cost or Value.Don't Delay I Come Early!North Middletown Woman's Club,January 17.The First Things in KentuckyMrs. J. C. Bryan.Reading Sister Dolorosa Mrs. J.W. Young, Jr.Twentieth Century Club, Millersburg, January 18.Roll Call My Best Beloved Picture. Current Opinion.Persons in the Foreground MissClark.Music Mrs. Hoard Barns.Drama Miss Martha Smith.Science and Discovery Mrs. Shannon. Parlimentary Law Mrs. C. R.Jones.Hostess Miss Ruth McClintock.U. D. C, January 18.At .noon on January 18, the localchapter U. D. C. will entertain theirConfederate veterans at luncheon incelebration of Lee's birthday.At 2 o'clock p. m., Rev W. E. Elliswill address the assembly on the lifeof Robt. E. Lee.Clearance of Our Entire Stock ofClearance of Our Entire Stock ofLOST.On Main street, between Tenthand the Fair Store, Saturday afternoon, a bracelet watch. Finder willbe suitably rewarded by returning tothis office. (adv)Go to the sale on January 21 ofthe Thomas McDonald residence at1219 Main street. Modern in everyrespect. Buy it if you want a comfortable home.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(14-3t)PAEIS WOMAN CONTBIBUTES TOCOVINGTON THIMBLE FUND.The Covington correspondence ofthe Cincinnati Times-Star, says, inthe Saturday issue:"Covington scnool cnnaren weiebusy Saturday soliciting -donationsfor the Thimble Fund. Brass keysand small metalB were sought bythese children, who will deliver theircollections to their teachers at theschools Monday. A committee wasin charge of Thimble Fund headquarters in the Mutual Fire InsuranceCompany building, on Madison avenue, Saturday."Mrs Buckner Woodford, a sisterof the late Ulie J. Howard, who wasactive in patriotic work in Covingtonwriting from Paris, Ky., to Mrs.Richmond, says: 'I have read withi . i-na-reKt the Thimble Fundstories and I send my pte to thefund.'"MP0ETANT NOTICE i TO 0U31COUNTRY CUSTOMERSCountry folks, come to my grocery, where you save the expense ofdelivery and by paying cash you donot help pay had accounts.Highest market price paid for yourproduce. Always look for the RedFront, opposite the court houseMRS. ELLIS' CASH AND CARRYGROCERY. lZ)THROWING ROQUETS AT THEHEWS, EH?ATTENTIONAll 1918 accounts are now due.Those owing me are requested toplease call and settle at ONCE. Thoseaccounts not settled immediately willbe placed in the hands of an attorneyfor collection.(14-3t) J. ELYOVUi.We aro m a bit puffed up overthe letter e recently received fromone of the best-known aJ,18agencies in the country, the 1. J.Storks Co.. of I116' a?3disposed to blow our own horn. .Butit is in furtherance of our contentionthat "advertising pays" that we M :epleasure in publishing the letter,which follows: . '.f0Louisville, Ky., Jan ix. --THEBOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.."I am enclosing herewith -statement of your account, together -wltncheck in full. I would, say that Ihad a little talk with the officers ofthe McCombs Oil Company this morning, and they tell me the result ofthe campaign in your pap werevery satisfactory, indeed frentiyso. Investors that took hold of thisstock -will find it a most unusuallyprofitable undertaking."Tours Truly,"T. H. STARKS."Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris,Field Secretary for Sunday Schoolwork of the Methodist church, willdeliver an address on the Centenaryand Epworth League work at themeeting of State and National religious workers, in session this week atSomersetThe fine attractions at the Lexington Opera House last week, "Experience," "Chin-Chin," "Rock-a-Bye-Baby"and "Pollyanna" drew alarge attendance from Paris andBourbon county. Tne "stanamg-room-only"sign was hung out ateach performance.The Florida correspondence ofSunday's Louisville Courier-Journalhas the following social note concerning Paris people: "Mr. and Mrs. N.A. Moore, of Paris, Ky., have arrivedat Umatilla. Mrs. Moore is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Embry, formerly of Lancaster, Ky.The young ladies of the AmuseDancing Club will give a dance at theMasonic Temple, in this city, on nextMonday evening, January 20. Thehours will be from 8:30 p. m. to2:00 a. m. Music for the dancerswill be furnished by Smith's Orchestra. The dance will be a subscription affair, the admission being placed at ?1.50.THE NEWjS acknowledges receipt of the following invitation:"Oleika Temple of the AncientOrder of Nobles of the Mystic Shrineinvites you and lady to a Receptionand Dance, given in honor of theNobles who are residents of Winchester and surrounding counties, Fridayevening, January seventeenth, nineteen hundred and nineteen, BrownProctoria Hotel, Winchester, Ky.Eight to one. This card must be presented at the door."CowsFor SalelT have 3 extra fine heavy Jerseyspringers, second calf, one will befresh at once, for sale.If not sold privately, will sellpublicly on Saturday at the LowerLivery Stable.If you want a good cow, this isyour chance.(14-2t) FRANK P. COLLTER.Coats that were up to $25.00$14.75Remarkable values in Zibilenes, Kerseys,Velvets, etc., trimmed with Kit Coney.Coats that were up to $50.00$29.50Choice of Velvets, Velours, Plush, Kitten'sEar, Broadcloths, Cut Bolivias ir all shades.Tailor or trimmed with Baffin Seal, Kit Coneyor Opossum.Coats that were up to $60.00$39.00Coats of Velour, Plush, Duvet de Laine, Silvertone and Broadcloths; trimmed with Seal,Opossum, Nutria or Natural Raccoon. Linedwith plain or fancy Satin and warmly interlined. Taupe, Brown, Wine Shades, NavyReinder and Black, at choice.Coats that were up to $85.00$53.00Truly magnificent Velours, Silverlones, Bolivias, Suede Cloths, Velvets, Normandy andCrystal Cloth, trimmed with Seal, Nutria,Raccoon or Black Fox; beautiful colorings.Extra sizes included; exquisitely lined.Suits that were up to $35.00$15.00Sensational offerings in smartly trimmed orplain tailored Poplins, Serges and Gabardines in navy, black, brown gray and wistaria.' Suits that were up to $45.00$23.50Broadcloths, Serges, Poiret Twills, Poplins,in plain tailored or belted effects or trimmedwith braid or buttons; all colors.Suits that were up to $55.00$38.50Silvertones, Velours, Broadcloths, etc., in allshades; trimmed with Seal or in plain andbelted effects.Suits that were up to $85.00$47.50Superbly lined models in Velour, Duvet deLaine, Silvertone, Tricotine, Poiret Twilletc. ; tailored or trimmed with Taupe Fox orHudson Seal ;in navy, black and richest shades.Skirts up to $15$9.85Broadcloths, Wool Plaids and Stripes, Baronet Satins, Velvets, Men's-Wear Serges, innavy, brown, black, green, etc.HARRYM224-228 West Main St., LexingtonKy;Main Street, Pans, Ky.mm.M&3tfThe FairJABfUABY 18.Were 'are some prices that willmake Saturday next, January 18,hum, especially when there is a, tendency towards an increasing shortages White Pudding Pans, deep shape,seamless, regular price 35c, now23c; Mountain Cake Pans, seamless,special value, each 10c; extra heavyTin Pails, full 12-quart size, patentbottoms, regular 89c, special 69c; OilCedar Polish, 50c size at 39c; Matches, a box 5c; Fire Shovels, 5c; DishPans, Seamless, deep, not shallow,full 17 quart size, good value, eachofio- Tniifit Paner. 7 rolls for 25c;Clothes Pins, Biscuit Boards, RollingPins, Knives and Forks, Table OilCloth, 49c a yard; Cups and Saucers,plain white, each 10c; with heavygold band, each izc; jjecoraieu vegetable Bowls, each 29c; Glass Tumblers, each 3c; Window Shades,Curtain Poles, Linoleum, Wall Paper,Pure Alupninum Dipps, each 25c.THE FAIR.Just ReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan Records"Am JMr. and Mrs. John T. Collinshave moved from North Middletownto Paris, where they will remain until the close of the tobacco sellingseason. Mr. Collins is manager of theBourbon. Tobacco Warehouse Co.Their daughters, Misses Mildred andMamie Collins, are attending schoolin Trineton. while another, MissEmma Louise Collins, is attendingschool in North Middletown. Theirson, Capt. William Collins, is still inFrance ' with the American Expeditionary Forces. . . "(Other Personals on Page 3.)Lost Reward.On the streets of Paris, a smallCoral Dress Pin. Finder leave at theParis Book Store and receive reward. U4-3t)WANTED!At Highest Market Price,Strictly First ClassButtermilkEggButterand PoultryThe Busy BeeCash Store.ianl4-)the Puritan Phonograph Also Plays Any Other Disc Records .It i the only Phonograph made with a long horn. The long horn not onlyamplifies and develops but softens the sound.IN ADDITION. THE PURITAN PHONNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaperthan any other machine of anything like similar workmanship and character.Priced From$45 to $3504.nTHE PURITAN RECORDS ARE ALL DOUBLE DISC and sell uniformlyat 85 cents To hear them is to buy them.,; Let us demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS.It will be a pleasure for you and us. .Terms to SuitTHE J. T. HINTOIN CO.V.d"hpad;F MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKINGmv ivivuui vfElTHEPPHONE" 36jsumsgySIXTH AND MAIN STStrmIKIiiIXHMIrPAGE SISTHE BOtflBOH HEWS, PAPIS, XEHTUCKYTUESDAY, JANUARTi 14, 1915.TOR THAN CALOMELThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets area Harmless Substitute,Br. Edwards Olive Tablets the substitute for calomel are a mild .but surelaxative, and their effect on the. liver isalmost instantaneous. They are the resultof Dr. Edwards' determination not to treatliver and bowel complaints with calomel.Bis efforts to banish it brought out theselittle olive-colored tablets.These pleasant little tablets do the goodthat calomel does, but have no bad aftereffects. They don't injure the teeth likestrong liquids or calomel. They take holdof the trouble and quickly correct it Whycure the liver at the expense of the teeth?Calomel sometimes plays havoc with theSams, So do strong liquids. It is best notto take calomel, but to let Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets take its place.Most headaches, "dullness" and thatlazy feeling come from constipation anda disordered liver. Take Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and'heavy." Note how they "dear" cloudedbrain and how they "perk up" the spirits.20c and 25c a box. All druggists.Margolen'sHorn e - KilledMEATSFRESHFISHDressed to Order.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesKENTUCKY CBOP ESTIMATE.Kentucky farmers this fall increased their acreage of wheat morethan one hundred thousand acresover that sown in 1917, and it hasgone into the winter in remarkablyexcellent condition, 9 8 .per cent, compared to a ten-year average condition of 88 per cent. The total sownin the State is estimated at 1,056,720acres this fall compared to 952,000acres in the fall of 1917.The unusually mild fall weatherwas specially favorable for sowingand for good growth and many farmers increased their acreage even beyond their first intentions. Thecampaign for increased acreage ofwheat and the Government's guaranteed price were also strong factors inincreasing the acreage.In counties where little or aiowheat is usually raised the increasethis year was in many instances several hundred per cent., while in theheavy wheat producing sections ofWestern Kentucky and the BlueGrass counties the increase rengedfrom 8 to 15 per cent., making anaverage State increase of about 11per cent, over the acreage sown in1917.The United States winter wheatacreage this fall is 49,027,000, compared to 42,301,000 acres sown lastyear, an increase of nearly 16 percent., while the condition in thecountry as a whole is 98.5 per cent,compared to a ten-year average condition of 88.2 percent.Rye acreage in Kentucky this yearis approximately the same as thatsown in the fall of 1917, 65,000acres, while its condition is excellent,97 per cent Most of the rye in Kentucky is grown in the north centralcounties and those bordering theOhio River from Louisville and Maysville. Acreage of rye in the entire United States this fall is 6,820,000 compared to 6,708,000 acres sown in1917, and the condition is 89 percent, compared to a ten-year averagecondition of 91.4 per cent.H. F. BRYANT, Field Agent.TOBACCO HAEKETS-o-STOMACH TJPSET?Pape's Diapepsin At OnceSourness, Gas, Acidity,Indigestion.When meals upset you and youblch eas. acids and undigested food.When you have lumps of indigestionpain or any distress in stomach, youcan get relief instantly. No waiting!As soon as you eat a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin all the indigestionpain stops. Gases, acidity, heartburn, flatuence and dvsneDSia vanish..Pape's Diapepsin tablets cost vervlittle at drug stores.(adv)of&EKMAffAIRPLANETION.CONSTEUCA. J. FEEAGENT1919Wilmoth&Co.Extend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW YEAR'SGREETINGSA cordial invitationii extended to thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3T6'The French press is pointing outthe serious danger of allowing theGerjoians absolute freedom in theconstruction of airplanes for commercial purposes. It is claimed thatwithin a few years Germany couldbuild twenty or thirty thousand suchplanes and that it would require buta few days to transform them intobombing planes capable of carryingcargoes of explosives sufficient todestroy Paris or London within afew hours or to do inestimable damage throughout France or Englandin a single night.It is reported that already there iswide-spread and almost feverish activity in German aircraft industries,and that extensive plans have beenformulated for the covering of allGerjmany and indeed the continentof Europe and many other parts ofthe world with a network of German aerial transportation lines; andit may well be that the apparentmeekness on the part of Germany insurrendering her fleet of warshipswas due to the fact that the leadersof that country have lost faith in thevalue of marine war vessels and havedecided to concentrate their effortsfor future commercial and militarysupremacy upon the speedy creationof a huge fleet of flyers which mightwell make them masters not only ofthe air but of land and sea as well.Whatever Germany's real objeetmay be, it is evident that the warning from the French people is verytimely and that measures should betaken immediately by the allied governments which will perpetually prevent Germany from manufacturingaircraft of any kind which can possibly menace -the peace of the world.It would seem that this end mightwell be accomplished by providing;in the peace terms, that the alliesshall perpetually control all Germanmetal production and importation.This would not only permit the limitation of aircraft construction but itwould also compel Germany foreverto follow only peaceful pursuits, forno nation can successfully make warwithout an apiple supply of themetals.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Friday at its Parishouse a total of 25.460 Bounds oftobacco for $93,667.34, an averageof $36.79 ner hundred nounds. Thfollowing crop averages were reported :Brvan & Bivens sold 2.295 nnnnHoaverage, $34.48.Cleveland & Hamilton sold S.A7Rpounds, average, $39.55.Woodford & Henrv sold 3.4KApounds, average, $32.91.J. W. Connell & Shanks sold5,640pounds, average, $34.91.aiaweu & xnompson sold 3,220pounds, average, $44.20.Joe Connell & Johnson snld 7 17Kpounds, average, $53.35. 'Will Linville sold 605 pounds, average, $41.37.Leer & Linville sold 2.47K -nrmndeaverage, $36.90.Allen & Dunn sold 2.4an nnnmiaaverage, $43.80. 'lSETicr & Butler sold 1 Ron nnnnAoaverage, $46.24. 'ise:ri & Butler snld 1 o.an Tummi..average, $48.32. 'Jones & Collier sold 9. 41 K -nmAaverage, $37.38.bhronshire & "Ravs nid i arcpounds, average, $37.90. 'way & Uramel sold 1,700 pounds,average, $35.36.WOOdford & Prirfpmrvro cnld 9 KQOpounds, average, $47.23. '-earns & Mitchell sold 3,020pounds, average, $32.75.Saunders & Shaw nid qoakpounds, average, $38.92.-rurciy & Earlywine sold 2,920pounds, average, $33.11.Purdy & Porter snld a ?mkpounds, average, $52.31.uxiey Allen sold 1,890 pounds,average, $35.95.Arthur Walter sold din nmmaverage, $42.14. 'bkillman & Smith rtid o qqkpounds, average, $42.14.Florence & "Ellis cnid a antpounds, average, .$44.24. 'Alexander & Turner sold 5,870pounds, average, $37.25.uiarK & Eckler sold 2,900 pounds,average, $32.57.luce & Sleererins sold fi ldd rmundcaverage, $49.50. 'WOOdford & Pri d o.m nr a cold 9 8 OKpounds, average, -$54.93. 'current & Tevis sold 5,330, poundsaverage. $52.29.Earl W. Leach sold 2,090 pounds,average, $35.08.Hedges & Bell sold 3,630 pounds,rtvexitge, yoi.OV.Ends BrPny Owens sold 6,000 pounds,Ardery & Overby sold 3,235pounds, average, $52.68.John Lair Sold 4.23K nm-mlc oage, $39.19.Clay & Boots sold K.niK nmmc,," (J.OO -I A ,-w UUllUO,Claybrook & Hash sold 3,500puuuut., average, $3U.U6.Hall & Rhorer sold 8,685 pounds,average, $38.64.Collins & Mastin snld 3 AO K -r,,1average, $46:51 ' 'Ardery & Porter scfld 1,610 poundsaverage, $46.88.Scott & Mahorney sold 2,385fuuuua, average, $00.11.OOLD GLORY FLOATS .OVER THEBEIHE.It is reported that a .number nfrever steamers, taken over by theAmerican Army in western Germany, have hoisted the Stars andStripes and are proudly carrying OldKxiory at tneir mastheads as theyjourney up the Rhine.The possession of this AmAriM.nfleet on the Rhine affording as itdoes an excellent means of directcommunication with our ocean-goingvessels on the North Sea is also ofinterest because of the means thusmade a available for the SDeedv augmentation or the withdrawal, asoccasion may require,, of the forcesof the allies.In this connection the boys of theThird American Army (which is nowstationed at and near Coblenz, Germany, on the Rhine Rive, aboutmidway between Switzerland and theNorth Sea) recently became mildlyexcited over the rumor that the Second Army is soon to relieve them.If this action is taken it seems nroh-able that the Third Army will, instead of returning through France,be brought here entirely by water.and will thus reach home much morequickly than would otherwise be possible.1 .. BV!H" Sh! What would happento me iS. 1 vere your kid?Well, if you're not acquaintedwith CJumet Baking youdon't kr.OAr what n goc:2 excuse I have. Can't HteHc!p2 Msclf they're, co MEgod! Gci.d ? me too, be- feci'jsa L:mor nK'iv-n nrs"..-wclc&omo and easily diestvd.II."H:cn'j of mothers use.'.ruFC&S2?i n E H R iSMra Ixwztt.X! irrVLwsffia mmmiPSWSER:P3avtikA rtfraiwertbecause of its purity becauseit always fiives bsst results and iseconomical in cost and use."Calumet contains only suchingredients as have been ap'proved officially by the U S.Food Authorities.You savo when you buy it.You bcvq when you use it.1MSThe Red Cross Christmas RollCall had an answer that echoedaround the world from Stockholmto Vladivostok, from Buenos Airesto Cairo.oThe Red Cross distributed 4,000blankets to the returned prisonersconcentrated at Nance and established a canteen which fed severalthousand men.mihh minum h mi inniiMinmminnnMThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDER TAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky. SSSfrS-t A MVJ -J or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our tLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.aaaMWj.r-ij!put '!' 11 'M"i 'K"M"I"H"M.j' HH'HI1A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you,j A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692EBW. BUBKE, Presidentr-A ma. "nw 1H. S. CAYW00D. Vice-President. JOHN T. COLLINS. Manager.Edw. BurkeSam ClayJas. M. CaldwellBobt E. BeattyLuther StiversC. B. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. BentonW. M. BodeersA. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. B. BurrisA. L. StephensonH. S. CaywoodTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)BON'T SCOLB, MOTHER!THE CB0SS CHILB ISBILIOUS. PEVERISHLook at Tongue! If Coated, CleanLittle Stomach, Liver,Bowels.Don't scold your fretful, peevishchild. See if tongue is coated; thisis a sure sign its little stomach,liver and howels are clogged withsour waste.When listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, breath bad. throat sore.doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,has stomach-ache, indigestion.diarrhoea, give a teaspoonful of"California Syrup of Figs." and in afew hours all the foul waste, thesour bile and fermenting food passesout of the bowels and you have a welland playful child again. Childrenlove this harmless "fruit laxative,"and mothers can rest easy after giving it, because it never fails to maketheir little "insides" clean andsweet.Keep it handy, mother! A littlegiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow, but get the genuine. Askyour druggist for a bottle of "California Syrup of Figs." which hasdirections for babies, children of aUages and for grown-ups plainly onthe bottle. Remember there arecounterreits sold Here, so surely lookand see that yours is made by the"California Fig Syrup- Company."Hand back with contempt any otherfig syrup.Total Sales to Christmas, 164,415 lbs.Sale December 30th, 306,000 lbs. .Sale December 31st, 267,000 lbs. .Sale Jan. 8th, 133,115 lbs. . . .Average $30.974.Average $37.75Average $34.66Average $37.07We Advised You to Wait. Did it Pay?NEXT SAZM.r 'TO- DA Y. iThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporattd)PARIS, KENTUCKY3iLM9'TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1919..THE BOUEBON NEWS, PAHIS, KEHTUCKYPAGE SETCTTl?nf TM A A WONDERFULrcivuimMEDICINERundown and Unable toWork"I am pleased to recemmeadFerua as it was beneficial inrestarts? mcy ae&ltk when I wasall rem dovrm from, overwork uimti worry and was unable totake up my regular work. Afriend recommended Peruna andsaid he was sure that it wouldrestore aty streRtk. I soon foundthat I was getting better and ina little ever two meat I wasable to resume my duties withremewe vimr ami atreagOt. Iti certainly is a wonderful medicinevitalize the system."To VitalizetheSystemtoFar Sale Brer j whereMr. George Atkiaaaa.Stationary Fireman and MemberUnited Workmen, 323 E. 8th Ave,,Topeka, Kansas.His letter opposite leaves littledoubt of his faith in Peruna,Llaala er TaaletTHE GROWING AMERICAN TOYINDUSTRY.THE PRESIDENT'S CONFERENCESWITH PREFERS DELAYED.GOVERNMENT IS SELLING NITRATE TO THE FARMERS.Notice lias been given to L. S.Bobbins, agricultural agent forBourbon, county, that the UnitedStates Department of Agriculturewill sell at cost a supply of nitrateof soda to fanners in Bourboncounty for fertilizers.The nitrate will be sold under theauthority of the Food Control actand subsequent legislation relatingthereto. The price will be ?81 aton, free on board cars at loadingpoint or port. Farmers will pay inaddition freight to their shippingDoints.Applications for a part of the nitrate sold by the government will bereceived only from actual farmersor owners or holders of farms for useon their land, and may be madethrough County Agent L. S. Robbinsor through any member of the localcommittee.No money will be required withthe application, but upon noticefrom the authorized representative ofthe Department of Agriculture farmera who have signed applicationsmuftt deposit with a local bank, association, or individual designated bythe Secretary of Agriculture to actas the farmers' agent for that purpose, money to cover the cost of thefertilizer except the freight charge.In practically every case the moneywill be paid to a county agent distributor designated by the Depart-jroent of Agriculture.Nitrate will be shipped to distributors on sight draft with bill oflading attached. Distributors willpay drafts, take up bill of lading,collect money from farmers and distribute nitrate to farmers. Arrangements have been made to secure alarge quantity of nitrate and it is believed that all reasonable requirements can be met.THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down 3lckin. bed. I bought two tootues oiCaamberlain's Cough. Remedy and itwaa only a very few days until I -wasrestored to health,," writes O. J.Ketcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. V youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)WILLIAM HOHENZOLLERN, STILLWEALTHY, THOUGH EXILEDAND ILL.Although the former German Emperor is now utterly shorn of all official power, he is still much in thepublic eye and doubtless will continue to attract special attention until his fate is decided.While the ex-Kaiser is virtually aprisoner, he still has on deposit invarious banks, at 4 per cent, interest, cash amounting to $4,760,-'000; so that even though the largegovernmental annuities to the various members of the Hohenzollernfapnily (the payment of which hasbeen suspended) should be abolished,and the 90 valuable estates to whichhis family lays claim be confiscatedby the German people, there will stillbe enough to enable the head of thefamily to provide fairly comfortablyfor his wife and children whatevermay be his own fate.Recent reports indicate that thisone-time Emperor has for some daysbeen seriously indisposed and that heis now confined to his bed almostcontinuously. This illness seems tobe due primarily to a renewal of hischornic ear trouble, but is doubtlessaggravated by other-long-standingphysical infirmities, by thechanges of habit and environmentincident to his confinement, and alsoby the mental depression and worryoccasioned by his vastly changed estate. It is said that the former ruddiness of his complexion has entirelydisappeared and that his face is nowashen and marked by deep lines; thathis mustache and hair are both gray;and that, with the beard grown during his recent confinement in bed, helooks like a withered old man of 70or 80 years and bears but little semblance of the proud ruler of that day,only a few months ago, when, withthe German hosts rapidly overwhelming France, he was grooming himselffor his triumphal entrance into Paris.Some idea of the enormity of theex-Kaiser's vanity, and the consequent greatness of the blow whichhis pride has received, may be obtained from the fact that a recent inventory of his private belongings inBerlin and Potsdam shows that hiswardrobe, when he fled from Germany, included 598 military and naval uniforms.oThe closing of the ports of Germany during the last four years hasdenuded the markets of the world ofpractically all German made toys. Insome of these markets it is doubtfulif the stocks will ever be repdenishedfrom Germany. During the war England has been securing many of hertoys from France, Italy and Japan,and it is probable that in the futureAmerican toys will also find a goodmarket there.The toy manufacturers of Americahave had such an increase of orderssince the signing of the armisticethat the demand far exceeds theiroutput. Before the war there werebut seventy-one firms in the UnitedStates engaged in the manufactureof toys, with an annual business ofonly about $7,500,00. However, during the war ninety-four new toyfactories were started and it is estimated that the aggregate businessof the entire toy industry for theyear 1918 will be more than $20,000,000. The assurances whichAmerican toy manufacturers are receiving from toy dealers, that theywill not deal in German-made toysfor many years to come, is greatlystimulating our American toy industry, and will do pnuch toward makingthe United States the foremost toynroducing country in the world.Toy makers are planning to usethousands of crippled soldiers intheir work, which is not only light,but is of such a nature that, evenshould a soldier be unable to cometo the factory, the work could beperformed by him at home. Thishome-work plan has been carried onsuccessfully for many years in thetoy centers of Europe, and it is probable that many of our boys who havehPfin crinnled by the war will be ableto secure congenial and profitableemploment in the American toy industry.oINCREASED FOOD SHIPMENTS TOEUROPE.Many a bride is sold, in spite ofthe fact that her father gives heravra-y at the altar.Breeding always counts. When aman is crusty it's because that's theway he is bred.Mr. Herbert Hoover, our wellknown Food Administrator, was recently instructed by President Wilson to make a personal survey of thesituation in Belgium and other countries devastated by the war, and toprepare a comprehensive programfor food and other forms of relief-nriiiMi oh mild be provided by thiscountry. He has now completed suchsurvey in Belgium and, on Christmasday, it was announced by the Washington headquarters of the UnitedStates Food Administration that, inonmniiM with directions from Mr.Hoover, who is still in Europe, theprogram for the furnishing ot iooaand clothing to European countriesis to be enlarged. It is now proposedto ship at least 180,000 tons of foodand clothing per month to Belgiumand it is said that 500,000 deadweight tons of shipping will be required constantly in order to carryout the new program. At presentbut 340,000 tons of shipping areavailable for this purpose ut it sexpected that the United StatesaMtininir Tinard will promptly provide the 160,000 additional tonsneeded.PATttS Jan IT,. Prnsident Wil-j , .'son's conferences with the premiersoi (ireat .Britain, Jbrance ana ltaiy,which were to open Thursday havebeen delayed and probably will notbeen delayed and prooaiy winbegin some day this week.Mr. Llovd Georere is detained inreconstruction of his cabinet. PremierOrlfiido. of Ital.7. who is due heretoday, will probably return to Romewhere his presence for forty-eighthours is necessary because of mattersunder consideratioa by the Italianparliament.There was, however, a meeting today fjt the office of Stephen Pichon,foreign minister. It was attended byMr. Wilson, Premier Orlando and theJapanese representatives, but it wasinformal because of the absence ofMr. Lloyd George, altho the Britishrepresentatives were present. It wasconsidered best to hold the meetingand clear up some preliminary pointsand it is believed that important details of procedure will be settled. Tfthis is done the delegates will be in aposition, when Mr. Lloyd Georgearrives, to raoidlv comnlet ethe preliminary work and clear up mattersfor the opening conferences on Monday and Tuesday.It is not expected there will bea long debate at the conferences, themorning newspapers saying that theFrench government communicated tothe Entente Powers some days ago acomplete plan of work, amounting toa suggestion of a coordinated program. As regards questions concerningenemy countries it is understood thatthose concerning Germany will betaken up first, then those of Austria-Hungary, and finally those relative toBulearia and Turkey. These detailswill probably not be decided uponuntil the leacue of nations part of theprogram has been exhausted, however.It is not exnected that the premiers'conference (with Mr. Wilson actingas America's premier), will deal withmore than the most general principlesof the peace settlement. In fact, itnow seems doubtful if more than abroad, general agreement will bereached before President Wilson returns to America in February.Out of the coming conferences, itis expected that a more or less tentative program will be adopted whichdivides the work of the peace congressinto successive steps. The actualmaking of peace with the CentralPowers may be the last of these steps.The procedure now being discussedis, roughly, as follows :,First, a general agreement between the United States and theEntente belligerents for the creationof a league of nations, or similarmachinery, to enforce the terms ofpeace and preserve it.Second, the settling up of new independent States growing out of thewar.Third, the assessment of damagesand indemnities and the manner oftheir payment.Fourth, the conclusion of peacetreaties with the Central Powers.Thp npftpe treaties mav be left tothe last because none of the agreements can bind the Central Powersunless, in the meantime, they satifythe peace congress as to their stabilityand purpose of carrying out tnetreaties made.'ISniLroPCSR JLEETEOrG OF STATEr TTiTTfl fnrftTrriT jtct rrr tttvtV. O. Gilbert, State Superintendentof Schools, has addressed a letter tocity school superintendents and theprincipals of high schools, urgingthem to attend the mid-winter meeting of the Kentucky Educational Association in Louisville, January 16.On this date he says how to makeup time lost on account of the schoolsbeing closed all fall and winter todate will be discussed. Gilbert saysthis is the most important meetingin school circles this year, ana newants every teacher who can to attend the meeting. ,oMAKE YOUR SHOESLiWEARONCERWOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and will findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to .takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)Ten months ago, W. H. Kelley, a.lumber salesman of Omaha, had a pairof shoes re-soled with Neolin Soles.Mr. Kelley does much walking and hasworn these shoes constantly. He says"they are still good for another tenmonths of wear."Good shoe stores carry Neolin-soledshoes in many styles for men, womenand children. They cost you no morethan shoes that give less wear. NeolinSoles are also available everywhere, forre-soling. Remember these soles arecreated by science to be what solesshould be. They are comfortable andwaterproof as well as long-wearing.They are made by The Goodyear Tire& Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, whoalso make Wingfoot Heels guaranteed to outwear any other heels.m SolesTrado Maik Beg. U.S. Pat. OS.Don't sneer at hero worship. It'sa mighty good thing. If you don'tbelieve it ask the heroes.brighter;EVENINGSrf1! 53 WPCOATWEEKLadies', Misses' andChildren's1-3 to 1-2OFFSee Widow Displays.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.!fcagaiEaBSa?iHfamttta.:ifc-MimmiNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.7seOlectricity .Tor EfebtinaIt's the only satisfactory way.use octsfor gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BethElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Go(Incorporated)iRThe ravoJuso rtffanyhave udfijnenLPOSmtwm insWlWmlXM yeal 7 sureJl withv as!W .lx.MAvyI VVVWN. y "VJfable Iit ofwho ld offortcofTers mustlv wei&hyou whenvou findyou shouldmaKech a neAt this noint arises the question ofhow long the peace congress will waitfor the Central Powers to arrangetheir governments. It is pointed outby some of those working on the problem that neither Germany nor America can complete their governmentalmachinery until it is determinedwhat the two peoples desire m thismatter. It ia of course, dependentlargely on the peace congress, but itis not expected that the congress willwait indefinitely for the Central Empire! to prepare themselves for anagreement.There is always the possibility thatif no responsible governments appearto give assurance that oDiigationsuntertaken will be carried out, thenations represented at the congresscould give notice that it would become necessary, at certain points, toassist in the formation of orderlygovernments and at the same timebegin to collect revenues to apply onthe bill of damages.Such action, if taken at all, wouldbe only a last resort, but if taken thequestion would arise as to how farthe United States would participate.No official outline has been made toshow what the United States wouldagree to do in carrying out such aniiTiderfcalciner. if it should becomenecessary, but some of those best informed as to the lines along whichMr. Wilson and the peace commissioners are working believe that itis the purpose of the United Stateso go no further into the readjustmentof European affairs than to securegeneral -adherence to the principlesalready laid down by President Wilson and then expect, of course, thedetails to sauare with the principles.The execution of these aetans,some diplomats believe, may extendinto a work of years, developing intoa process of "constant improvementand adjustment."New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone"" Administratio 'issued by the Postjmaster General at Washington, December 13th, a newtoll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will baclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:30 .m. and 8:30 p. m.Night rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-station measages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent less than any day ratea,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.proximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no eight rate loatthan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cent?higher than station-to-station rates.Appointment calls shall be approxijmately 50 per cent higher thamstation-fo-sfation' calls".Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the apfotafetment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent of the station-to sta-tion rate will be made on all person-to-peron calls, when person, -deairdtis not in or will not talk'or if party calling" is out when connection ia cocapleted within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(iBoorporatad.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CAITH01C.local HanaeerIXX!GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.iIII'Ay.:DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors00BAD COLD CtUICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Jlemedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just wnar lneeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. .1 have told many of myfriends of the good I recivedthrough using this medicine, and ailwho have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere. (jan-adr)::Bourbon Laundry iWest Fifh Streetsatisfaction!' OUR WATCHWORD! jTelephone No. 41V.ilwiiLgi BvP ?-ms i fcp 0illfe:' P- RiUl! ' MIt n rWith "all i;halateat improve-ments in lafinrlrv annliariee I"V1 ,U:M24.i.i.rM. .v& xwl&s Zj xr X prepared to do work 'infe- ISSSBSg-Trgp rjgr nor to none, and solicit xyour patronage.aIKnurbon LaundiyParis, KentuckyIOr, xr tftii'mi'11iIX;-.nac-aXIXip.,4fclXaiHGHTTHE BOURBON 'NEWS, PABIS, KENOTCKirTUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1919,4?J -.DEATHS..-cr THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO1Sf4feCURTIS..vjEdward Curtis, young son of Mr...Jand Mrs. Alvin.. Curtis, residing on. tle Murpnx .farm, near North Mid, Ietown, ,d.ied Sunday .after a. short-41nes$. of influenza. .The boy's nioth-jerw&s brought. Jx. the Massie MemoVial.;HosRi'tal,. in; Paris, yesterday,, suffering with' influenza, while .the-VI ather and two other children are illnlth. the disease at their home., ORMES."' Buford' Ormes. two -months-oldon of Mr. and Mrs.. Ed. Ormes, died' ,'jt the home of his parents, on South'"Maia 'street, unday morning at threeociock, after a short illness of pneumonia. .The funeral was' held yesterdaymorning, at ten o'clock, with services"conducted at the grave in the Paris'Cemetery by Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church.YEAGER.,.'v-' - Bourbon county relatives are inreceipt of -news of the death in Spenier. West Va,, of influenza, of W. C.Yeiger, for many years a resident ofCane Ridge, and later prominent ininsurance circles in Kentucky, Termlessee and West Virginia. He was thefeldest son "of Mr. Silas Yager, prominent Lexington- real estate pian, who"'feitled in Parisand the county for' itfihy1 years.SMITH.Mrs. " Elizalje'th 'Sniith, aged.eighty-six, died, at the M-assie Memo-r rial Hospital, in this city yesterday,after a short illness. Mrs. Smithsustained injuries in a fall some timeago. She is survived by two sons,tiWmr Smith, Superintendent of thePa?is Cemetery, and Charles Smith,of near Georgetown.. The funeral services will' be heldat "2:30 this afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery -by Rev. W. E. ' Ellis..,. The pall-bearers will be J. HookerStivers, Walter' Clark, C. L. Blacker"by,. Dr. .Win. Kenney, Thos. Williamsand Fred Link.GILSON.Mr. Irvine Boyd Gilson, aged'f ty, a former resident of Paris,d'sd in the C. & O., Hospital, WestYi:inia, Thursday afternoon at 4:45o'clock, after an illness of two weeksof typhoid-pneumonia. The bodywas' brought to his old home in Lexington, where the funeral was heldfrom the family residence SaturdayAfternoon, with sen-ices conducted atfwo'o'clock, by Rev. E. T. Edmonds,pastor of the Woodland Christianchurch. The interment followed inthe' Lexington Cemetery. The pallbearers were Archie Roberts, WilliamGretiiiiger, Jas. Meade, Chas. Peer,Raymond Cranfield and James Smith.Mr. Gilson during his residence inParis was employed in the plumbingestablishment of Spicer & Gilchrest,whocwere at that time' in business inthe Elks' Building, now the MasonicTefiple. He was a young man ofaisuay excellent qualities, and hasmany acquaintances, and friendsjhere, who will sincerely regret tolearn of his death.He is survived by his father andmother, Mr., and Mrs. Walter Gilson,.tfcr-oe -brothers, Wm. E. and EdwinC. Gilson, of Lexington, and AlvinGllsdn, now in France, two sisters,Mrs. J. E. Gilchrist, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, and Mrs. DwightPaixish, of Lexington.: oB4JKWHAT THE CANDIDATESFOR GOVERNOR SAY.f"Our'-readers will find in this issuethe claims of Judge John D. Carroll,of Newcastle, and Dr. H. H. Cherry,of Bowling -Green, who are makingannouncement of their candidacy forGovernor. - Judge Carroll's announcement-willbe f orund on page two, andthat of Dr. Cherry on page three.Both are excellent gubernatorial timber, And it will be a hard matter todecide between them. However,THE NEWS will leave that to thevomers, only we wanted to call yourattention to the cards of these twogentlemen.1 o-: ADHINISTBATOR APPOINTEDXr. James McClure, Cashier of theFirst National Ba,nk of Paris, was appointed Saturday by County JudgeBatterton. in the County Court, asadministrator of the estate of the lateMrs, Agnes Jacoby. Mr. McClureaccepted the trust, furnishing bondin "the sum of $6,000, with J. W.Jacoby and Mr.- R. Jacoby as sureMr: McClure was also appointed bytit Court as administrator of the estate'Ofi the late John S. Jacoby, furnishing bond in the sum of $3,000,-with, the same sureties. CharlesC Clark, Wjm. Piper and John Steelewere named 'as appraisers of the estate of Mrs. Agnes Jacoby." oIT'S YOUR MOVE!The Progressive Checker and ChessCUrf resumed play for the season, af the Y. M. C. A. In the firstgame of chess played at the Y between William' Ttule, of the U. S.Marines. San Francisco, who was awst'Of relatlrea, and Mr. ElezarDatfey, the latter was defeated. Sher--aaa.Stivers won over JH. L. Clark ina series of six games .at checkers,-rlnnjng fire and getting one draw.Eh'e.Club will be in session in the future e,very Thursday night. A serieseterestig gapies has been arranged for the Aext bout, to be playedbetween well-known Paris players.TO ESTABLISH SCHEDULE.-" The Kentucky Traction and Terjniaal Co. announces that, beginningytftftrday, January 13, the 4:00 p. m.jcar from Lexington to Versailles, andt 4; 45 p. fn. car from Versailles toL&xington, will be put back on untilfurther, notice.. ' . MATRIMONIAL. ,:Courity Clerk Pearce Paton issued the following marriage licensesSaturday: William N. Hatfield andMiss Rena B. Collins, George N. Gordon and Miss Rosa P. Feeback.. THE NEWS has learned from areliable .source that Cupid has recovered a great many of the dartswith which he pierced loving heartsin 1918, and has refilled his quiver.He recently paid a visit to a WalkerAvenue home, where liis bow wasstrung, and-a shaft sped home to theheart of a handsome Paris girl, whilea short time after one of -his' aidessent a dart into the heart of a Carlisle boy. "It is said" that therewill be a wedding soon.The Louisville Courier-Journalfyas the following reference under. theheading, "Nurse, Doctor, Cupid, Wedding," to the recent marriage in Louisville of Miss Dorcas Hampton Ussery, of Paris:"Another young woman who heardthe call of duty has heard a strongercall from Cupid, and there is a vacant position at the Norton MemorialInfirmary."Dr. Milus L. Gunn, student ofthe University of Louisville and resident physician at the Infirmary, andhis bride, who until a few days agowas Miss Dorcas Hampton Ussery,of Paris, Ky., are 'somewhere in theUnited States' on their honeymoon."Whep. the call came a year agofor young women to volunteer forRed Cross nursing Miss Ussery cameto Louisville and entered the NortonInfirmary to learn nursing. She metDr. Gunn; love, courtship and marriage followed -naturally."Mrs. Gunn is the daughter of Dr.W. C. Ussery and a niece of Mrs. J.H. Thompson and Mrs. Volney Ferguson, of the same city."PAYNE BEHLERMiss Katherine Payne and Mr.Harold Beheler, both of Lexington,were married in Lexington, at theparsonage of St. Peter's church, recently, by Rev. Fryeberg. The groomis a son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Beheler; formerly of Paris. The brideis a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. .Geo.Payne, of Lexington.The ceremony was performed inthe presence of the members of thetwo families. The attendants wereMisss Willie King and Mr. ErnestBeheler, a brother of the groom. Mr.and Mrs. Beheler will go to Floridato reside.. REDHEFFER-HELM.Mr. James Helm, well-knownLexington, business man, and MissClara L. Redheffer, of Chicago, were.married last week at the home of thebride, in the latter city. After theceremony Mr. and Mrs. Helm left fora trip to Dallas, Tex., and otherpoints in the South.This is the second matrimonialventure for the groom. His first wifewas formerly Miss Jennie Hanson, ofParis and Lexington. She was amember of the Paris Public Schoolfaculty for several years, and aftermoving to Lexington, established andconducted the Jennie Hanson Helmmagazine agency, . which secured a(national reputation. The bride is asister of Mr. Raymond Redheffer,vice-president of the First and Second Security banks of Chicago.' CLAY ROSEBERRY.Beautifully engraved paneledinvitations have been issued by Mrs.Sidney G. Clay, announcing the approaching marriage of her daughter,Miss Alice Rogers Clay, to Lieut.Hiram Roseberry. The wedding willtake place at eight o'clock, Wednesday evening, January 22, in theChristian church, in this city. Theinvitations are worded as follows:"Mrs. Sidney Green Clayrequests the honor of your presenceat the (marriage of her daughter,Alice RogerstoLieutanant Hiram MontgomeryRoseberryon Wednesday, the twenty-second ofJanuary,one thousand, nine hundred andnineteen,at eight o'clock in the evening,Christian Church,Paris, Kentucky."Enclosed with invitation is thecard bearing the words, "Under theRibbon."t oB-4 TIRE:Insure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoSOMERSET HOTEL BURNED THETHIRD TIME IN THREE YEARS.The Newtonia Hotel at Somersetwas destroyed by fire. The buildingwas a total loss, the damage expected to reach $100,000, which waspartially covered by insurance.The cause of the fire is unknown,it first being discovered in the rearof the building.D. Gooch's jewelry store, Fulkerson's jewelry store, Ed Sandy's barber shop and D. Hamilton's clothingstore, all of which are located in thehotel building, were also damaged,though quite a quantity of theirstock was saved.This is the third time in' threevears that the Newtonia Hotel hasburned.Ffrt, Wind and LightningInsurance.THamaSf Woadford & BryanCANDY PULLING.The Epworth League of the ParisMethodist church will give "a candypulling" in the basement of thechurch on Friday evening, January17. The candy will be served at theprice of 15 cents per -plate, the proceeds to be used for the benefit of theLeague. The pubftc is cordially invited to attend.TO-DAY, TUESDAY, JAN. 14JOHN BARRYMOREINThe Man from Mexico'WM. DUNCANIn the 13th Episode of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"And Pathe Comedy, "She Loved Me Not."Edward Van Leeuvve Orchestra sN:::::::::::vMffMl m W U nvvMffv w wa-J-i U chidren Under 12 Not Admltttd.4STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock shippeda carload of mules to the Atlanta,Ga,, market list night.James Estes, of this county, purchased a pure bred Shorthorn bulllast week from Bowyer Bros., ofLexington, at a fancy price.Wm. H. Whaley, of Paris, bought200 head of stock hogs in Flemingcounty at prices ranging from ?12 to? 13 per hundred pounds. Mr. Whaleyalso purchased twelve head of two-year-oldcattle from Fleming countyparties at $12 per hundred, pounds.Mr. Jesse R. Letton, of Bourboncounty, bought in Clark county lastweek of H. V. Thompson, nineteenpure-bred Southdown ewes of theWitherspoon strain. These were afine lot of breeding ewes and cost afancy price, which was not given outfor publication.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,sold to Hannon & Roberts, of Lexington, South Carolina, Saturday,twenty-four head of fancy workmules, for prices ranging from ?200to $300 per pair. Competent judgespronounce this the finest lot of workmules ever shipped frqm the State!SECRET ORDERS ELECT AND INSTALL NEW OFFICERS.The first of the year brings with it,besides many changes in 'businessconcerns, the election of new officersto preside over the deliberations ofthe various secret and fraternal organizations of the city and' county.These are happenings always fraughtwith much interest to the members ofthe different organisations, and thefriendly rivalry, among the aspirantsfor office is -one of the things thatcontribute -toward having a large attendance at the meeting when officers are to be elected. Officers toserve during the -year of 1919 forsome of the Paris lodges are as follows: At the regular 'meeting of theBrotherhood of Railway Clerks, officers for 1919 were elected as follows: '(VPresident WT S. Chisholm.'Vice President Robt. Mitchfell.'.Secretary-Treasurer Wm. A. Lail."Sergeant-at-Arms Robert W.Fws.ltChaplain Houston Rion.Inside Guardian Orie Smith.Outside Guardian Palmer Myers.Protective Committee J. F. McCarthy, Chairman; J. M- Smelser,Secretary.Executive Committee RosalieSanten, Chairman.Thf nrdfir meets the first and thirdFriday nights of each month, at K.of P. Hall.-Rniirhon Council Junior. Order ofUnited American Mechanics, electedthe following officers:Councillor L. D. Honican.Vice Councillor B. F. Stegall..Junior Past CouncilTor--A. R.Dennison.Secretary-Treasurer T. M. Funk.Assistant Secretary G. M. Turner.Financial Secretary G. M: Turner.Financial Secretary R. C Foster.Warden Harry Hill.Conductor James Ishmael.Chaplain R. L. Turner.Inside Sentinel C. T. Stone.Outside Sentinel Joe A. Lenox.The following officers will officiate for the Blue Lodge of Masons ofParis during 1919:Worshipful Master R. JR. McMillan. Senior Warden Wm. M. Cooper.Junior Warden O .T. Hinton.Treasurer M. H. Dailey.Secretary F. E. FaulconenSenior Deacon O. M. Snapp.Junior Deacon M. E. McCurdy.Senior Steward W. R. Franklin.Junior Steward J. R. Clough.. Tyler Sam Martin.The following 'officers for RathboneLodge, Knights of Pythias - were- installed by District Deputy D. Y. L.Farley :H. D. Carr Chancellor Commander. Chas. -W. Blythe Vice Chancellor.L. D. Honican Prelate.R. L. Harney Master at Arms.Louis Wollstein Master of Work.B. R. Dickson Keeper of Recordsand Seal. ' s-W. R. Franklin Financial Secretary. J. K. Cahal Master of Exchequer.O. B. Mann Inner Guard.C. W. Fothergill Outer Guard.On next Thursday night the FirstPant will be conferred on a largeclass, and after the work, a banquet!will be served to the new brothers (and all members of" the order.WEDNESDAYDouglas FairbanksnHe Comes Up Smiling'Doug's a valet this time, to a petcanary. The loss of the canary puts him"on'the bum" and he has all sorts 'of' adventures. The Fairbanks kind of adventures. Are you wise? 'Big V Comedy,"Bums and Boarders"and Paramount Plctograph.STATE PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD TOMEET IN LEXINGTON.The Synod of Kentucky Presbyterian Churches of the United Stateswill meet Tuesday afternoon at 2o'clock at the First Presbyterianchurch, in Lexington. The Moderator, Rev. W. " Y. Davis, will preachthe opening sermon at 2:30 o'clockthat afternoon.Tuesday night at 7:30 o'clock Dr.Dunbar Ogden, pastor of the SecondPresbyterian church in Louisville,will preach. Dr. Ogden is One of themost interesting and eloquent pastorsof the General Assembly, of the Presbyterian ' church.Acceptances coming in to W. K.Massie, chairman, indicate a largegathering of pastors and laymen.Dr. Ernest Thacker, who recentlycame to Lexington, as pastor of theFirst Presbyterian church, willpreach Wednesday evening at 7:30o'clock.The Synod is entertained by theFirst and Maxwell Street Presbyterian churches, and the women of thetwo congregations will serve meals atnoon and evening to the visitors.During Tuesday the conferencewill discuss general business, elect anew moderator and receive the annual report of the churches and seminaries of the synod.Wednesday the time of the conference will be devoted to receiving thereports of schools and orphanagesand receiving the committees onevangelism will also be taken up bythe conference. The Sunday schoolmeeting of the conference will beoonduoted Wednesday by Thos. D.TalbottThere is no discord like that caused by the foUow who burst intosong when he can't find the key.Special Bargains!Newest Novelties in Men'sWomen's and Children'sFootwearbought for the Holiday tradegreatly reduced. Styles and pricesthat will appeal to the economicalshoppers.-v-vwA'UsESk- 2SS55fetei. iaiLadies' Havana Brown English ffBoots, calf tops pO.UULadies Dark Gray boots, with cloth j qctops to match, custom made 40J3Ladies' Black English Boots o qqLadies' Mahogany Tan English djo qBoots, cloth tops to match, at 0r2JMisses? Gun Metal, button tfji qqParis' Greatest Shoe.15BOURBON COUNTY MAN BURNEDTO DEATH IN LEXINGTON.John Stephens, aged sixty-seven, aformer residnt of the Shawhan vicinity, in this county, was burned todeath at his home, 110 East Sixthstreet, in Lexington, when the homewas destroyed by a fire thought tohave oringinated from the explosionof an oil can. Stephens was a carpenter by occupation. When Stephen's body was pulled to the door ofthe room by a recently dischargedsoldier, P. C. Lowe, an employe of theIndian Refining Company, of thiscity, it was discovered that he had acan, presumably a coal oil can, withwhich he was, it is supposed, fillinga coal oil stove which was foundlighted in the room when the firemen made an entrance. AssistantFire Chief Sheley, who went to thefire, stated last night that it was hisopinion that Stephens' death had resulted from an explosion of the canof oil, setting fire to his clothing andburning him badly about the faceand body. It is alsot nought that hisdeath was the result of having swallowed some of the flames immediatelyafter the explosion.When .he was found by Mr. Loweand dragged out of the building hewas lying on the bed, where he hadapparently fallen shortly after theexplosion.Mr. Stephens is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Smith, of Shawhan,and two sons. Gay Stephens, now inthe U. S. army, and Orie Stephens,who is residing in Pennsylvania. Hehad been a resident of Lexington forabout twelve years, having movedthere from Shawhan at a time whenthere was a. great demand for carpenters. The body was brought toShawhan for interment.Visit our store and you willbe convinced this is the'best money-saving place inDEPENDABLEFOOTWEARAMen's Dark Tan English Walk- e j-Over and other famous makes O.OUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, j- ftMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, o aEnglish ..$3.49-Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- Q AHing Shoes, heavy flexible soles. -. . .3.twBoys' Tan Army Shoes ao qDAN COHENStoreTHURSDAY, JAN. 16Constance TalmadgeV - - . ' -IN"Good Night, Paul"Adapted from the musical comedy hitof the same name. A bonanza of mirththe cody of a Jhousand laughs. ConstanceTalmadge at her best. 'Nuff sed. .Screen magazint and a UniversalComedy, "A Duck Out of Wattr."ABIRTHS.Near Clintonville, to the wife ofMr. L. V, Haganr a son.. Mrs, Hgwas formerly Miss Ella Reynolds, ofCarlisle.Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Plummar, ofMillersburg, are receiving congratulations upon the arrival of a- linebaby girl at their home.Mr. and Mrs. George Insko arereceiving congratulations on the arrival of an eight-pound boy at theirhome in this city.oOPEN GRATE FIRES CLAIMTHREE VICTIMS.Virginia, 6-year-old daughter ofW. E. Atkinson, manager of the R. J.Reynolds tobacco plant, at Maysville,was badly burned when her dresscaught fire from an open front gasstove. Her fatfter was also badlyburned in extinguishing the flames.Miss Georgia Baxter, a graduatenurse of the Good Samaritan Hospital, at Lexington, was severelyburned below the waist when herdress caught fire fropi a stove in thebath room at the home of Mr. and'Mrs. Oscar Lyne, 350 East Highstreet, who has been ill.Mrs. Fletcher Morris, who livesnear Mt. Moriah, in Nicholas county,had a narrow escape from being"burned to death. While preparingsome feed for chfekens before anopen grate her cRithes caught fire.Her husband, who was in the barnrnear by, heard her screams and wentto her assistance. He wrapped her inquilts and extinguished the flames.H -, imtmrifk11 ' I1 I I11 i 1; k" U'7J WT fAMji itVirl A lTV M IyWhere Beauty and Economy Reign3