-Brs''- ..-'4sfc:"tf ---jv," A?..uA ' 'PUBLISHEDEVERY i- TUESDAY ANDPRJT kY IN THE- YEAR.y 1-4-VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTYKENTUCKY, TUESJAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1919i 'V-BOURBONTHENEWS' .wXTOUCHING MEMOBIAL SERVICE'SFOB.BOURBOIT .CQITKrajY HERO.The riieniory ofCapt. Heuhen B."Hutchcraft, of Paris, who fell in. battie in France -off July 6rwnfie"ieaaVIng his , cohipany , in a desperatecharge" against the Huns, was turth-er accentuated in befitting memorialexercises held in the Paris ChristianChurch, Sunday afternoon. The auditorium, whicn was filled withfriends of the brave patriotwhof gave" -his life in the "supremesacrifice. for bis country, was suitably decorated for the occasion. Alarge service flag, containing seventy-five stars, three of them of gold, representing the sacrifices of threeBourbon County members of the congregation was suspended over therostrumxThe gold stars representedCapt. Reuben Hutchcraft, BishopBatterton and Charles Adair.The choir of the church sang Capt.Hutchcraft's favorite hypins, "Nearer, My Godz To Thee," "There Is ALand Of Pure Delight," and "It Is7ell With My Soul." Rev. Frank M.Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church, read a chapter from the Scriptures, after whichRev. Dr." R. H. Crossfield, of Lexington, President of the TransylvaniaUniversity, under whom Capt. Hutchcraft , graduated, invoked the Divineblessing on the family and friendsand paid a glowing tribute to the lifevjxi character of the deceased soldier.Dr. Crossfield was followed by theprincipal speaker of the afternoon,Rev. W. B. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian Church, who, in an addresspronounced by all who heard it tohave been one of the most eloquentand touching ever delivered by thisdistinguished speaker, paid a niastery 4y .tribute full of deep feeling andbeautiful language, to the "memoryof dapt. Hutchcraft.Twenty-five Boys Scouts and themembers of the Paris Lodge, No. 2,F. &A. M., of which Capt. Hutchcrafthad lone: been a worthy member, attended the exercises, and occupiedprominent places in the audience. Atthe conclusion of the 'exercises EarlSwearengen sounded "taps", whilethe Boy Scouts stood at attention.. oA LETTER EROM A "FRENCHA WAR ORPHAN".Mr L. b. Harris, of the firm of.Harris & Speakes, of this city, reronfir rAPived the following letterrom- a. French war widow and her Json, attesting tneir granwuiiv iwkindness, and expressing their bestwishes for the coming year. Theletter which was written fromEmpernay, under date of January 3,reads as follows:Epernay, January 3, 1919."SirIn behalf of my children I wishto express my best wishes for thefollowing year, praying that it willnot be a sad one like last year, was tome, for I lost my all.T will do my best to raise my twochildren worthily, and repeat tothem that it is to you that we givethanks. .,...."It is from the bottom of my heartthat I thank you, and I pray you toreceive my best wishes lor good New"Year"Receive, sir, my sincere salutations, "Widow Hery,Rue Montlery,"No. 33 Epernay,"Marne, France."Accompanying the letter to Mr.Harris was a post card, written by alittle son of the French woman whohad been deprived of her support bythe horrors of the war. The littleone's message is as follows:"Sir:Mamma has told me that you army benefactor. I send to you mybest wishes for the year 1919,' andthank you at the seme time for yourgoodness. I ajm your little protege,who will never forget you."Gaston Hery.Eternal Rest Comes to Paris' Foremost Citizen, John T; Hint on.. 2Shortly after he bought his business property a fire "destroyed thestructure together with the stock ofgoods, wiping out the savings of hislife, all of which was a total loss, as,he had no insurance on any of theproperty.Nbt Jiiscouraged by h'is embarassingfinancial predicament, Mr. Hintonsoon arranged to rebuild his storeroom, and the present building nowoccupied by the Brooks & Snapp DrugCompany was erected. He again entered the furniture and undertakingbusiness and soon again built up alarge and remunerative trade.Nearly thirty years ago, Mr. Hinton v realizing that his business hadoutgrown the store building in whichitwas housed, acquired the large lott the comer of Main and SixthStreets, on which was erected thelarge and commodious three storybrick structure which to-day is thehome of the furniture and undertaking business of the J. T. Hinton Company. Mr. Hinton was chosen as a delegate to represent the Seventh Congressional District at the DemocraticNational Convention at Chicago in1892, when Grover Cleveland wasnominated for the Presidency. In1912 he was again selected as a delegate by the Seventh CongressionalIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.itI Mr. Keith Vansant, who has beenJOHN T. HINTON WILL ADMITTEDTO PROBATE -YESTERDAY. 'The last will and testament of thelate John T. Hinton, who died at hihome in this city last Friday, yrs admitted to probate in the County Courtyesterday. The instrument, wbicltwas dated January 25, 1919, was wit- -of P"ntnnfloTi Vq Tioc? ranaiirail Vitr. - " A7-l'i' 0,, .wit,, ,.., uM '".w xiio nessed by Mr. Buckner Woodford ami.Z . t6 y yV -Mr- wiliam Myall, both of the Bouca guest of his parents, Dr and Mrs. bon Agricultural Bank & Trust Co.J T. Vansant, in Parte. At the con- The will in full is follQWB.elusion of his visit he will go to i tto ime0 wiwo.Norfork, Va., where he will take aL p ed,f a rtln fposition in a large mercantile con- aTf an?. Phonal .property in. acern .cordance with certain obligations' ' j which I recognize to be due to myThe 309th Ammunition Train 84th sons' and in accordance with imy deDivision reached Cajmp Mills, Long f rP.s M to a" tlie.r Persons and instiisland New Yorl, Sunday afternoon, ! protonfor myXveTwlfe Safter disembarking from the Ameri-jable to her wfahe8 and inieu ofiercan transport Siboney. The soldier j dower and homestead rights, I doboys are scheduled to arive at Camp make and constitute this 'my last willTaylor to-day foi demobilization. and testament:Among the returning Kentucky sol- "I will that my just debts and fun-diers in the outfit is Capt. William eral expenses be paid, and the residueCollins, of North Middletown. ot mY estate, ootn real and personal.i win ana bequeath to my four seas,William O.dward T., Albert andJohn T. Hinton, Jr., share and shareA post card from Seaman W. 0.Pennin-trm of Paris, whn was rer.all.C -,-- , .. w .. -w - - . , ,. . ir-. -ed a few days ago from a furlough to " dllf uie Prsonazity to De. aivneajoin his shipmates on the U. S. S. Ok- eally among them according to,lahomastates:"Amisorrv I did not fret 'appraised value.and the acording: toDistrict Democrat divided in ? ? th mayuisirict uemocraib 10 repretsent uiem , , r.4. t- u- nnm A I asree unon. P.n'K in tn avptit. thrUCJ.UIV .J 1HJT OLUllUU, UU.L x, vcv,nic OU I o - y . - .- - rfsuddenly I only had time to pack do nt agree upon a division, andmy grip and get to the train. We are real estate is to be held by my fourno won our way to Cuba and Frisco -sons jointly, with power to my execuBay. When we return in April I will tor to sell any or all of said realIip TmistP.rp.fi out. of trip RP.nrtr.fi. rFhlR catitLe, uui bug may lcicaac aaiuat the Baltimore convention, at whichtime Woodrow Wilson was chosen asthe Democratic nominee for President. In his political life he was unswerving to duty and in his terms inoffice kept the interests of the citi- j card-is written on the ship "far out at'en or charge upon any of said realJOHN T. HINTON.DON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything In theClothing line until you get my -TPrkf$" L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.KENTUCKY WILL HAVE TOACCEPT NEW TELEPHONE KATESUnder existing laws, Kentuckymust accept the newly publishedschedule affecting long distance telephone rates according to ChairmanXAurence B. Finn, chairman of theState Railroad Cofmmission.The commission in Kentucky hasno jurisdiction in the matter, although some ten or more States havesucceeded in suspending " the operation of the new rates promulgated, byPostmaster General Burleson. Theonly recourse is for a citizen of theState to bring action through thecourts "to test the Postmaster General's right to fix interstate rates."Postmaster General Burleson declares that the States have no rightein the matter at all,' Mr. Finn saia,'"The State commission seems to disagree with him on the principle thateach State has the power to regulaterates within its border. It is ridiculous that the Kentucky commision hasno .power to, act under the law. Ihave been trying for a number oyears ' to .get a bill -through theLegislature giving us this, power, butnave not yet-&ucceaen.-. Full of years and honors, havingIjved a long and useful life in a community where he did a great deal ofgood, death came to one of the mostdistinguished citizens of the city,former Mayor John. T. Hinton, business man, legislator and city officialfor many years, at his-home on HighStreet, Friday morning at threeo'clock, Mr. Hinton 's death camepeacefully following a long illness ofBright's disease and heart trouble,from which he had been a sufferer.Mr. Hinton has been in declininghealth for several weeks, or sincethe sad death of his granddaughter,Mrs. W)m. M. Talbott, who was a victim of pneumonia. He was devoted tohis grandchildren and the takingaway of this attractive and lovableyoung woman greatly depressed him.However, he remained up and abouthis home until Thursday morning,when he told members of his familythat he would remain in his bed. During the day his wife and childrenwere with him and despite the factthat he realized that his end was butmatter of a few hours, he retainedhis faculties to a remarkableyde-'gree, and talked freely with his family. Thursday evening he told hiswife and children good-bye, impressing on them the fact that he realizedbetter than they that the end wasnear. Shortly after midnight Thursday, Mr.-Hinton went to sleep and atthree o'clock Friday morning he passed away peacefully without gainingconsciousness. His' death was attributed to heart disease.This is an age of progress and. theman who has forged ahead and madea, place for himself in the foremostranks of the business and official lifeof his home city and the State is theman of initiative, the man who canformulate his ideas and make beginnings, in short, the man whose energies is on a par with his desires. Tnisstyle of man gets what he goes afterand he makes of success not an accident but a logical result.Of this type of citizenship Mr. JohnHinton was an able and worthyrepresentative. He was born in this! city on the site of the new home now'occupied by Mr. and Mrs. WilliamClarke, on Pleasant Street, on January 19, 1837. The old' home inwhich he was born was occupied formany years as a residence by Mr. andMrs. John McGrain, and was for yearsone of the landmarks of Paris.Mr. Hinton was a son of Richardand Elizabeth (Marston) Hinton, thel former of whom claimed the State ofVirginia as the place of his nativity.He emigrated from the Old DominiontQ the. county pf Bourbon, when avoung man. He was hatter by tradeland was- for some tyne engaged inhat line of business in the city oiParis. Mrs,' 'Hinton ws born inMaryland, where she was reared andtjame to Kentucky as a young girl'.She was married, to Mr. Hinton in thiscity. Mr. and" Mrs. Hinton becamethe parents of ten cniiaren, amongthem being the son whose 4eath-isoiow being chronicled'. ,' John T. Hinton arailed hijmself ofrh educational' advantages affordedin the public schools of Paris, such aszens of Paris always in me lorefront. During he years of his administration of the city's affairs nocommunity was the .fortunate possessor of a more careful, more painstaking or more conscientious officialthat John T.. Hinton. He administered the city's business affairseconomically and at the same timewas ever ready to favor and to makeample expenditures for improvementsbelieved to be necessary for 'thejmaterial growth and prosperity ofParis. At the expiration or nis xermas Mayor in January, 318, he announced his retirement to private life,and stated that he was "out of politics." He turned over his business,with the exception of his real estateholdings, to his sons, who continuedthe business under the name ot j. i.Hinton Company. It was always amatter of pride with Mr. Hinton thathe had never invested a dollar of nissea, on January 29th." The reverse estate at any time sue may see litside of the card "bears a photograph of i to do so.tne UKianoma s ice-coverea guns anadecks returning from France, on acold morning last winter. Ice covers everything from the big guns exI hereby nominate and appointmy son, William O. Hinton, executorof this my last will and testament,hereby authorizing him to wm-tending.jfrom the turret to the sides propnise, settle and adjust all claimsof thef big ship, hanging in longiciclesfrom the gun mounting, cordage, and everything to which it cancling.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hall.7 YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)AT THEALAMO AITDGRAND,PARISlowing two years as an employe ofhis preceptor, Aw Davis. In' 1860 !,,,. outside the city of Paris until-v'Lt- -he encrasred in the furniture arid undertaking business in Paris, and' continued the same with ever-increasingenergy, patronage and success in l(native city. He served. as Preside ojithe Citizens' bank; vice-p residentialthe Bourbon Bank; director in theAgricultural Bank, these two institutions having been .consolidated someyears ago. He has been eminentlysuccessful in all his business enterprises, and as a citizen his loyaltyand patriotism were of the most insistent order. He was an uncompromising Democrat, in his political convictions, and he had always taken anactive part in the council of his party.He served with efficiency s a member of the City Council of Paris at different times during the past fifteenvears. He served three terms asMayor of the city of Paris, and proveda most satisfactory an'd popular administrator of the municipal affairsof the city. In 1895 he was elected torepresent Bourbon County in the General Assembly of the State Legislature, and was twice elected as his ownsuccessor, mo last two times wuuuui,opposition. He was both popular andinfluential among his colleagues, andwas instrumental in securing the passage of ' much important legislationfor his district. For four years hewas Chairman of the DemocraticCojmmittee of Bourbon County. Hewas oppointed Chairman of the Charitable Institutions of the State byGovernor Beckham twp terms. Hewas President of the Paris Cemetery-Company,having served in thiscapacity for over twenty years.Fraternally he was affiliated withthe order of Odd Fellows, and wasfor many years a member of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society, anda director for years in the Society.Both he and his wife were zealousmembers of the Paris Christianchurch, Mr. Hinton serving as a deaoon in the congregation since 1870.He had contributed in large measureto the civic and jmaterial progress ofParis, and the many fine residencesand business blocks he had constructed added considerably to the general attractiveness of the city.He was married in Paris, on thetenth, of April,, I860,' to Miss Elmeta.Hamilton, a daughter of HenryHamilton and a cousin oi iormerGovernor John Young Brown. To thisunion were bom seven sons, four ofwhom are now living, Wm'. O. Hinton, Edward T. Hinton, Albert Hinton, ana J.onn ;i. .mion, jr., .n wxwhom have been associated in business with their father. Edward T.iHiritn served for eight years asPolice Judge of Paris. Mrs. Hintonwas summoned to the 'life 'eternal inJanuary, 1874; On the second ofFebruary, 1875, Mr. Hinton .-wasunited in marriage to Miss Mary G."Brown, a daughter of the Jate Mr.Elisha Brown, and also a cousin otformer Governor John Young Brown.Mr. and Mrs. Hinton became the parents of one daughter, who died x ininfancy. K"RMftv-nine years ago Mr. HintonThe Alamo only to;d&y; Tuesday,Feb. 4, Mary Pickford fn "Caprice,"which may be presented against myestate, or which may be due my, estate and grant untefhim the powerabove set forth."In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed my name in the presence of these witnesses, the 25th dayof January, 1919."J. T. HINTON.' J"Witness: . y.WILLIAM MYALLBUCKNER WOODFORD."ONE HUNDEED HOMELESS AFTERPITTSBURGH HEE.they were at that time. At the age engaged in business for himself openjtney weie at t -! nr ,itv n. fnniture and undertakingnf si-rteftn he entered upon an apprenticeship at the trade of cabinet-makingunder the preceptorship1' of Mr.Geo'rge'W.' Davis, of Paris. At theend- of four years he had becomeskiried,workman;.,and spent; thefol-ing up a funiture and undertaking-PfiffLhlishment in a room wnere tuuBrooks-Snappdrug store now stands-He soon had acquired a large stocKof goods hd .purchased theTropertywhich he occupied. -'he purchased the 650-acre farm thenowned by the late George G. White,"rd at present occupied by Mr. JohnBrophy and family.Mr- Hinton became a member ofBourbon Lodge I. 0. O. F., in 1857,and had been a faithful member ofthat order for over sixty-two years.He was presented with a gold badgeover twelve years ago by the lodge onreaching the golden anniversary ofhis membership in the order. Forover forty years Mr. Hinton was" acurator of the Transylvania University and the College of the Bible, atLexington, and one of the most ardentsupporters of those institutions, inevery walk of life he was faithful,devoted to the people and the business life of Paris, and in truth, itsforemost citizen.The funeral was held at 3:30o'clock Saturday afternoon, with services conducted at the Paris Christian Church by the pastor, Rev. W. E.Ellis, the edifice being filled with alarge crowd who came to pay theirlast tribute to his memory. In hisaddress Rev. Ellis said, in part:,rl have known John T. Hintonfor ten years; I have known bothsides of his life. In politics and business, in the upbuilding of the city Ihave known him as the grave, courageous, strong upright man that hewas, and in the social relation, inchurch "work and all those amenities,of life that make for friendship, thehome ties and the good of the community, he was tender, loving andwith a temperament like that of awoman. ie lovea tne cnurwi, auu.his life was a part of the activities ofthe church. He was. a noble man,loyal to the church, to his friends, tohis state, county and community."It was his nature to give, and hianumerous charities attest his Christian life. He bore malice toward noThan and he was as forgiving as hewas loveable. He loved peace anagood order."Following the services at thechurch the burial followed on thefamily 'lot in the Paris Cemetery,with the committal service gendered at the graveside by theorder of Odd Fellows. The pallbearers were the officers of the ParisChristian church,, of which Mr, Hinton had been a lifetime memner andone of its most zealous supporters. Allthe business houses of the city wereclosed and their blinds closely drawn,during the hours of the .funeral, fromthree to four o'clock, in compliancewith-a proclamation issued by MayorE. B, January, and as' a mark afesteem and a testimonial to the memjnv nf thP. man who had .done so muchfor his .native town. Flags on publicand private buildings were placed athalf-mast.x- n hAN -INVITATION TO EVERY ONETO BIT? AT THE BED FRONT.When in town don't fail to visit myCash-and-Carry Grocery and get someof the bargains in groceries beingoffered every day. Be sure and lookfor the Red Front Store, opposite theCourthouse. Special this week, .Potatoes 3' cents per-pouria". -. , MRS. T3LLIS.vv .- - CASH AND CARRYiGROCERYVMore than 100 persons were home-Carol Holloway and Antonio Moreno, less as the result of a spectacular firein second episode of "The Iron Test." j which wiped out a block in the tene-4, Majestic Road Co., in high-class ing Bigelow boulevard, opposite thevaudeville. , t Pennslyvania railroad station. TheTomorrow, Wednesday, Feb." 5? blaze, -which started in A. Walker's.Mary Pickford, in; "Johanna Enlists," Sons Paper Box Factory, destroyedBig V. Comedy "Traps and Tangles," boulevard and a dozen, houses on-theParamount Pictography bluff above them. Forty thousandThursday, Feb. 6, Constance Tal- persons witnessed the fire from themadge in 'A Pair of Silk Stockings," great plaza in front of the station.Screen Magazine. The loss was estimated at $200,000.Ml MWM( WE KNOW MWjWINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you mustthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values forv..$30.00$35.00$40.00i-1All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors. r 'H(it)Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, made 'with an' invisible, cork sole that not only makeyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampness .out and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calf;skins and kids, $12.00 per pairlMITCHELL & BLAKEMOftEv , f wmsssam.3fc. . - .Er-",TtS"Ir MGETWOTHE BOURBOH NEWS. PARIS, KEMl'UuJiyTUESDAY, TEm&ARY 4, 131$,..Great National Daily PaperFor Six MonthsSouth's Leading Farm PaperFor One YearA Leading National MagazineFor One YearALLFORONLYraLliUU-'1 .4UOnly. ..ORGreaCNatitJnal Daily PaperFor Three MonthsScuth'sLeading Farm PaperFor One YearPeace TermsEior-axe beimr debated by the international delteates assembledat the Paris Congress. GieanticReconstructionnlans for the rehabilitation of thedevasted recions will be determined. There must be sreaterFood Suppliesfor the millions in the enemy countries as well as amone theAllies and in America. Thus arises theEvery farmer must keen nost-The one in thisFarmer's Problemiin the after-the-war nroffiamme.ed' on European affairs thro ueh aDaily Newspaperthat nays "Darticular attention to foreign news.territory is THE LOUISVILLECOURIER-JOURNALwith its complete service through the Associated Press and TheNew York Times Also he must read aFarm Papertliat will aid him to increase production. The one farm paperedited especially for the far mers of this section is THEINLAND FARMERpublished twice a month in in Louisville, and now embracing:Home and Earm" "Kentucky Famine" and Earm and Family."For Only $2.60The--COUEIEE-JOirENAL offers a six monthsr daily subscriptions, together with a full year's subscription to the InlandEarmer and a year's subscription toWOMAN'S WORLDa national monthly magazine, devoted to the interests f women and the home.. .This remarkable three-forone bargain subscription offer represents aCash Saving of $1.00The regular six months' subscription rate of The Courier-Journalalone is $2.60, The InlandEarmer for a year 50 cents and Worn-.ens1 World for a year 50 cts.For Only $1.40The Daily- Courier- Journaloffers a special Three-months' TriarSubscripfibn. together with a full year's subscription to TheInland Earmer. This is aSO Cents Cash SavingThe Daily Courier-Journal alone is never emoted at less than$1.40 for three months. This offer gives The Inland Earmer atno: additional' cost.AH Subscriptionsunder these special' offers must be sent direct to The CourierJournal. No agents' commissions will be allowed. The $2.60,and $1.40 prices apply only inKentucky and 150 Miles '- of Louisville ur other States. The rates beyond 150 miles and-within- 600 miles of Louisville are $2.70 and $1.45, respectively.Slightly higher rates beyond 600 miles.THE LOUISVILLE TIMEScan "be substituted for the .daily Courier- Journal, if an eveningpaper is preferred, at the same rates for either of these specialclub offers::x Take Advantage ofThese Big Bargains1 Use the Special Order Blank BelowFHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.3WTET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Mntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thethiracter, standing or reputation oitny person, firm or corporation whichtsay appear in the columns of THE80URBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineaftch issue; reading notices in blackcype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candllates, obituaries and. resolutions, andilmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisenents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedco decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesnust invariably be accompanied by:he cash.OBLIGATION FACESCHRISTIAN CHURCHESMist ftrtstianize Reconstruction Forces.METHODIST CENTENARY TASKGreat Convention at Columbu Emphasizes Far-Reaching MovementNot Simply to Raise One Hundred. Million Dollars.(Special.) "Afor Christianre-ANDENJOYS MEALMEATPOTATOES HOW.This Woman Couldn't Eat At All.Before She Took Meritone,EDITORIAL MUSINGS.When Snriner Comes.All signs point to. an early spring.There is a message in the air thatseems tor herald the glad season. Theearly bird has made its welcome appearance and the buzz of the busy beeis often heard. It has even been saidby some of the most observant Parispeople that the bluebird had beenheard singing around Paris. Welcomebluebird.' There has been very littleto complain of in regard to the winter, which has been a .remarkablyopen and mild" one. The only backward thing has been the influenza,almost a thing of the pat.-Soon we will have the rains whichwill wash the housetops and cleanthe streets and hasten away from usthe debris of tlio city. And the rainswill also make a loblally of PleasantStreet and other places. Soon wewill leave the stove and the heavywraps and without the least reluctance we will leave the stove andthe radiator in order to get outsideand enjoy a wave of God's own sunshine, something every man andwoman must have hi order to preserve the least semblance of goodhealth. Fresh air and sunshine,boons of inestimable value!January has passed away rapidly.February will also go in a hurry,and in a few weeks' the bare treeswill breathe again and be clothed invernal beauty, the bushes will' budforth with renewed" vigor and thegreen carpets will be spread overNature's playgrounds and her workshop foors as well and" the creeks andthe branches will carry glad messagesto the rivers and the -rivers to theocean. Almost before we know itwe will be calling for open doors andraised windows and we will go outdoors and inhaling the fresh air, willsay, "Surely, this is good for mankind !" iAll this is very cheery and perhapsvery optimistic, uui lei us sounathis warning: Winter's impurities inare filtered in. the spring. Theclosed houses meant doubtful atmosphere. The great outdoors offersa tempting welcome, tint be careful ofthe welcome's aftermath! A" slightcold, a drink of impure water, abreath of contamination, may spoilyour favorable impression of the gladspringtime. Eat good food, breathefreely through the nostrils, clotheyourself properly, drink only purewater, ad you, too will be able tosay, in month or two, "Surely, thisis the life."Just A Friendly Tin!SPECIAL CLUB SUBSCRIPTION BLANK.tFh fkMiriftr-Xonrn&l-Louisvile. Ky. Date 1919.I Mark X in front of offer you wish to take.' .Send The Daily Couripr-Journal for sir months, together with The4 Snland Farmer for one year and Woman's World' for one year, orSen4 The Daily .Courier-Journal for three months, together with ThefLELUUia. Jjarmer IVU uuc jrcai, m iwtuauw; rrj.vu. jwmSpecial Club Offer. Published inThe Paris, Xy., B0UEB0H NEWS.UtM-"?"jStreetor5R..F. D.Jtfo.rI,P. O..State.No AGENT'SCOMMISSIONcan be allowed on these clubs.JBvery concession is to the subscriber.i,fcemittance , enclosed Jor. SjV - -jm f ' .Superintendent of Schools Cay woodis proving himself the right man inthe right place in his position, andwe believe he must keep awake nightstrying to think up things and conditions to improve the schools of Bourbon County. The News can give Mr.Caywpod a qitfet little tip thatwill do the teachers of thecounty jmore good than all the "rulesand regulations" he can formulate.Let him start the school year of1919-1920 with the rigid rule of employing no teacher who does not subscribe to, pay for and read the localpaper of the county Jn which he orshe teaches. We believe the teachersof the county are well up in tneirwork, but at the same time we areof the opinion that they are not wellposted on current events. As a rulethey read very little but their textbooks and know very little of whatis going on next door to them. Allthe papers of the county should betaken at the school library and usedthe same as the text books in thesch&ol room.Mr. Caywood and all the membersof the Board of Education are subscribers to one or more county paper,and they know what is going on,but we do not believe all the teachersdo. There are exceptions to this rulebut the exceptions are mostly at theheads of the various: schools.. Thereis a reason. And, lastly, and in conclusion, we desire to remind theteachers of "Bourbon Countyschoolsthat coimpetent judges have said th'ajThe Bourpon News at $2,00Ua"eaTwas a first-class investment.Columbus, O.world-wide programconstruction."This theme, considered 'the mostfar-reaching ever adopted by a modern Protestant church, brought together in a three days' conventionover 4,000 Methodist ministers andlaymen from the Cincinnati area atthe Methodist Critenary conventionlast week. This area, one of 20 intowhich the country has been dividedfor this movement, includes Ohio,Kentucky and southern Indiana.In striking language, representatives of many fields of world activity,painted the opportunity now facingthe Christian churches to bring thegospel to hungry people of manylands and to intensify the work soas to meet the needs of the homefield in America. Strong emphasiswas placed upon the fact that theworld is very different from what itwas in 1914, and that a church program, seemingly adequate then, iawholly inadequate now."Facing as we do emergencies inAmerica and Europe and in the restof the world that simply wiU not wait,we are challenged, to show whetheror- not we mean business aboutChrist's basktess," was the typicalexpression of Dr. Ralph S. Cushmanof the Central New York conference.Dr. L. B. Bowers, member of thenational campaign committee of theCentenary, outlined a two-fold obligation facing the Christian churches.This obligation,-ha said, is:First The Christianization of theprocesses of reconstruction.Second The conservation and harnessing of spiritual forces generatedthrough this worttL struggle to a program for the conquest of the worldfor democracy and righteousness.--To meet the demand of such a program, th,e Methodist churcfc, throughthe. Centenary, seeks:TO'nroll at least 2 per cent of Hamembership as regular tXhers;To enroll an equal sumeer of members as "intercessors," members whopledge themselves to make dailyprayer for. the evangelixation of theworld a vital part of their daily lives;To so organize and intensify thelife of each local church so that itmay do a much more vital work inits own community;To. secure one hundred and sixteenmillion dollars in the next five yearsfor the extension of vital religiouswork;To secure much needed additionaltrained workers to meet the needs ofthe home and foreign field;To extend the work so as to muchmore adequately take advantage ofthe. opportunities presented to theChristian churchi"The Centenary answers the question how to brine the local church tothe new spirit of consecration,through its four-fold program of thestewardship of. prayer, of life, andintercession and edncatio," said oneof.,the speakers.Great Servie Flag.One of the. most striking incidentever seen at. a'conventiom in Coiamhus occurred, at the Centenary oamrention when a great service flag,commemorating the service oflethodist boys hi the Cincinnatiarea, was ' borne across the stageby fifty veterans. The flag, 20jyards long, and one yard wide, con?tained 31,030 stars, of which l.ttt-were in goaa. Mrs. .uogan jreiana ofNew York city, wife of the marines'captain who led the first charge afterGeneral Pershing's troops -reachedFrance sang the "Star Spangled Banner," as the service flag was broughtupon the stage."Such a sight as this is certainlya call to life service," said BishopWarne o India.Cincinnati Area Apportionment.By a standing vote the conventioncave enthusiastic approval to thelarge Centenary program Resolutions adopted say:"We accept CuMisnaU area's apportionment (for the fund of JllSy0,000) of n4,5M$5. and trustingia Jesus Christ as or Leader, wwill put ourselves vnder the task ofraising the apportionment and meJclac the Centenary a neeess in theCincinnati area.'"With our heart dee? stirred hythe nobie sacrifice the l,ee Meshdiet me of this area who have matethe supreme sacritce in beftaK of hemem freedom and justice hi the deftaejse of this gloriovs land of eeV.have made, ad chosen ia this href destmr to Had the werm in thereeJtsafrm ef the Meals ot a Christian Damocfacy, we hereby pledf esea selves te this supreene skdertaktec ' qI- makmg Jeima CMh recnaatm the ve and hecrtefWeMy stomach was so out of order before I started taking Meritone that Icouldn't eat a thing much, but nowI can eat a big hearty "meal of sausageand fried potatoes and enjoy it," saidMrs. Ava Moore, of 710 Twenty-SBV-enthavenue, North Nashville."My appetite was mighty poor anI guess my system was just run downall over," Mrs. Moore continued."The best way to tell how much Ihav improved since taking Meritoneis just to say that I fel like a newwoman now., "I can't describe how good itseems to be able to go to bed at nightand sleep soundly and wake up in themorning feeling fine and readyfor breakfast."I know Meritone has made me into anew woman and has helped meso much that I want others to knowabout it-'"Meritone is the new tonic of realmerit that folks who had influenzaare advised to take to build up theirsystems and make their health robustMeritone is also recomended forany disordered condition of the system such as stomach, liver or kidneytrouble, catarrh, rheumatism.lack ofappetite, sleeplessness and the like.You can? get it at G-. S. Varden &Son's.oForests of Norway.The total area of Norway Is about124,500 square miles, of which approximately 26,340 square miles are covered by forests. The greater timbertracts lie in the southern and centralsections of the country, where the landIs less mountainous and the climatemore favorable to forest growth.Taken Up As StrajrPony came to my pface Tuesday;sorrel; about 12 hands high; white-"spot in forehead. Owner can recoversame by proving property and payingfor keep and advertising1".MISS HA ARKIiE,(31-3t) Route 8, Paris, Ky.FOR SALEyearsyearsTwenty farm mares,. 4 to 6old, fresh from the country.Thirty good jmules; 4 to 6old.For sale privately at our barns atthe stock yards.CAYWOOD & MiGlilNTOCK.(31jan-3wk)For Sale.I offer for sale privately my hefneat 234 Mt. Airy avenue. Has sevenrooms, bath, gas for heat,, light andjfuel, pantries, front, side- and back.porcnes, cellar, outDuiiaings, etc.Prospective buyers invited, to inspectpremises. Easy terms. PossessionMarch 1, 1919.LEWIS T. LILLESTON,Cumb. Phone 77S.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, nmainffwatter, elevator acommodation3, .foroffice use or living apartpaent.0. T. HENT0N,Agt., "Masonic Tempfe.Make Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & Termiaal Co.Attention, Farmer!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Efc., Ihave the best money can hay." andmake, at reasonable prices.If yon want a watch, don't gosto ablacksmith shop to buy it, and'ddn'ttake your bourse ,to a jeweler targethim shod: always go to a mechanic'and you win get the best goods andit wonft cost anyt more than cheapI goods..(28-ifow N. KRIENEK.Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices lor iron,hides, junkiaani: "vrocLMUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris,-Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Dissolution Notice.The firm-oSStone- & Tarr has beenmutually dissolve as of January 1,1919, Mr. Stone retiring and Mr.Tarr taking charge of the business.All parties owing- Arm are requestedto call and'settlte.(24-3t-F) STONE & TARR.Public Sale-OF-ITRYPTOKIV GLASSES JLlLGLASSESTHE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSlet us examike your eyes. Noguaess work we know how.Dr. Wnu Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 -First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Stock, Farming Implements, Etc.Haviog; sold my farm, I wilfi! offerat puhlic sale on the premises; oneand one-&alf jmiles from Millershtirg,on the Blacks' Cross Roads piKa onFriday February 14, M19,the following described property:One-year-old hay work horse;One-4-year-old gray work norse;One $-year-old bay work mar&rOne -t&oroughbred bay yearling filly, dami by King Royal, sire Charming King: by Bourbon King;.One. half-Percheron colt;Two -No. 1 milch cows;One fine yearling red bulllOnecttice red yearling heifeir;One steer calf;One heifer calf;Three-shoats, weight 1 2 5v porcnds;One brake cart, good as nerar;One set harness;Oaefarm wagon; 1 hay-vame;Two wagon beds;One good mowing machucte;One sled; 1 harrow;On breaking plow;'One double-shovel plow.;Lot of extra good corn;: lot of fodden;: Double trees and single trees;Drags; hoes, and several otherthings too numerous ta Mention.Nice lot of chickens..TERMS Made known on day or?saib.CHAS. HL JONES;Route No. S, Paris, Ky..George D. Speakes;. Auctioneer.(Jan31-4t)The Chanceof a Lifetime!Now is the time to buy a good, sound U. S. hoarseor mule for your iarmat a reasonable price. .Nine HundredHorses and MulesTo be sold at the Kentucky State Fair Groundsin Louisvil Ky., on February 5 and 6, for cash. to the'highest bidder.Tho wqi i nvtv nnrf tho Onvernment has no further use forthese animals. ,They are sound, fat and in excellent cpntftion;rrrjust the Icihdot horses or mules Uncle bam uses, uveryanimal has been worked within the last two months.Sale will be held in closed pavilion. All necessaryhelp given by the Quartermaster in loading andbilling stock for shipment.Auxiliary Remount Depot, No- 319, Louisville, Ky.Phone 1 74, Taylortr?if-&V.;""v,i2 vi "rn."vV5sN,crV ' v .TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1919. .THE B0T7SB0H 1EWS, PAEIS, XEHTUGEI?AGE,1jt( .UsiiV7J LETTERS FROM JBOURBON COUNTY JSOLDIERS AND SAILORSittSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.B. Clark Wilson, of Paris, who waswounded in air battle in France with,a German airman, sends The News abadge from the cap of the birdmanwho shot him with the terse comment. "Here's the badge of the German birdman. who shcJt me in the leg.He got me but he wil never getanother." The letter to The News,which was written from the U. S.General Hospital at West Baden Indiana, recently taken over by the Government, follows:' "U. S. General Hospital No. 35,"West Baden, Indiana, Jan. 30, 1919."I was glad to receive your jmessage informing me that I am to getThe News regularly. I wish to inform you that I have 'been receivingThe News each week, through myfather, who has been mailing it tome twice a week. Of course you didnot know it, but do you think I wouldhave been silent this long withoutgetting The News? Certainly not.I tm glad that I am to be placed onthe regular subscription list. Ofcourse, The News has always beengood, but since I have been back, itreads better than, ever. Since I havebeen in bed so Ions: it has been one ofthe few pleasures I have had to lookforward to each week."My condition is somewhat better,and I am very much improved sinceI wrote last. I have undergone anoperation and have had a new plasterof Paris cast put on. The cast I speakof begins at my neck and extendsaround pny hips. I have had X-rayphotographs taken lately and theyshow that my spine has about healed,and is doing finely. The wound inmy leg is already healed, and it willnot be long before I will be on mypins again. The right leg that hasbeen useles so long, due to the doublefracture of the spine is getting somelife in it now. I am very hopeful,but the doctors tell me I wil alwayshave a stiff leg, and that I will haveto wear a cast or splint belt for several years."But life is very sweet yet, andI count myself fortunate that thedaises are not growing over me. Iam enclosing to you the cap badgeof the 'birdman that put the hole inmy right leg. Shortly after hethought he had gotten me I reallysurprised him and did I get him? Isay I did, and took his cap badge fora little remembrance of his kindness.The badge or button tells the company and division he belonged to. Letmy young mend, Barnett Winters,have a look at this badge and tellhim that I am thinking of having awatch charm made of it if possible.The initials op. the badge are 'F. J. I.,which indi6ates that my opponentwas a member of one of thecrack German flying corps. Butif he is flying now, it is in a different country from either Germanyor France, as he has gone over thelong journey, and wil never againtake a shot at a good American."Well, hoping to receive The Newsregularly, and with myyvarmest regards to all the force, whom I countas being my best friends in Paris, Iremain,"Very Sincerely,"B. CLARK WILSON"B. Clark Wilson,"U. S. General Hospital, No. 35,'West Baden, Indiana."TOWN GROWTH BASED ONRAL PROSPERITY.RU-The ambition of every town madeup of live people is to grow and develop and prosper. Growth is thebasic law of nature. When growthceases, decay sets in.We are forced to admit that thereare conditions under which a townimay be and is "in a measure independent of the surrounding country,as to whether or not that territoryis -nrosnerous. But these instancesare rare and not by any means therule. ,The United States is pre-eminentlyan agricultural nation. To-day sheis literally undertaking to feed theworld. To accomplish this gigantictask every resource must be utilizedand developed to the uttermost. Thesoil must be made to yield as it hasnever before yielded, and the millionsof acres of. our domain that haveheretofore lain fallow must bebrought under cultivation.And this brings us to the subjectof this article.FOR THEIR GROWTH AND PROSPERITY ON THE SURROUNDINGCOUNTRY. They advance or retardin exact proportion as the surrounding territory develops or deteriorates.Mrs. Whittington Mann is visiting friends in Nashville, Tenn.Mr. H. Clav Weathers, of Covington, is a guest of relatives at Cljntonville.Mrs. J. H. Boone, of Frankfort,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. W. R.Stipp, near Paris.Mrs. John Scott, guest of Mrs.Florence Wilson, in this city, has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Ballou havereturned to their home in Versaillesafter a visit to Paris relatives andfriends.Mr. Roy Harris has returned tohis home at Tulsa. Oklahoma, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Miss Sallie Talbott has, returnedto her home in Versailles after avisit to friends and relatives in Parisand the county.Miss Margaret Moberly has returned to her honte in Richmondafter a visit to her sister, Mrs. E. C.Richardson, in Paris.Mr. Will Boardman, oi rsortnMiddletown, has gone to Cincinnati,where he has accepted a position inthe Government service.Mrs. Ed. C. Keller, formerly ofParis, now residing in Louisville, wasa recent guest of Mrs. Chas. Greenand Mrs. O'Neill, inRichmond.Mrs. Strother D. Mitchell has returned to her home in Allen, 'Kansas,after a visit to her parents, Dr. andMrs. R. D. Weaver, in Nortn Miaaie-town.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Gibsonhave returned to their home in Cumberland Gap, Tenn., after a visit toMr. and Mrs. R. L. Stipp, -near ClintonVile. Mr. H. L. Mulfinger, who recently underwent an eperation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, is improving, and will soon be able to return to his home.(Other Personals on Page 5)oMODERN HEALTH CRUSADE BYNATIONAL TUBERCULOSISASSOCIATION.Crusaders, knights, pages, squires,tournaments this form of mediaevalHi iIII VflHI ' " -f " - '- r - ":&?? 'Ill'NH "1100 VER SAL Cftft . ' HIII IILET THE " Iv Fnpnniiw IIII F mMW- I $DO YOUR WORK, j IHI DWhy not increase the efficiency ? - B !on your farm with a frordson 5 J ITractor? MIII ULet our regular Tractor man ? j. demonstrate the Eordson to you.Ruggles Motor Co.Ill Bank Row, Paris, Ky. "''r I iThe town, then, that has an am-J chivalry has revived in the Modernbition to advance, to buld up, spreadout and prosper, should, first of all,devote its energies to the fullest possible development of the communityfrom which it draws susienajictj.This not merely from a standpointof benevolence or philantnropny,but as a measure of pure self-interest.To demonstrate the truth of thisassertion, one has but to observe thenumber of towns in this countrythat are really overgrown developedout of all proportion to the surrounding county. The growth has been amushroom growth, with no enduringfoundation, and as soon as the general prosperity of the country has aslight decline, these are the 'firsttowns to suffer. This was particuiaw nnt.inAahle in the old boomdavs of the '80's and '90's whenKEEPL001GYOUNSmt, aa .oinrit-o- nf American manv towns sprang up without anytowns are DIRECTLY DEPENDENT other excuse than the ambition of- some syndicate to unload a piece ofproperty on the public. The wrecksof many such, towns still mar thelandscape in all parts of our country.The town that would insure its'growth based on a solid foundation,' should make the development of theL...n.ini;n(r inrrUnrv it.R first consid-The secret of keeping young is to feel The establishment of a saw-&$?JSSS?F& SSTSel. of a roc, auarry, orhaving a sallow complexion dark, rings limekiln, the development of anyunder your eyes pimples - a bilious and every Industry of the rural ais-loos in your iace uuii cyc& mui u tricts is oi as viuti mwiwi . -It's Easy If You Know Dr.Edwards' Olive Tabletssparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninetyper cent of all sickness comes trom inactive bowels and liver. -Dr. Edwards, a well-known physicianin Ohio, perfected a vegetable com-? -pound mixed with olive oil to act onthe liver and bowels, which he gave tobis patients for-years.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, are gentle in their actionyet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit; that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and clearing the system of impurities.You wili know Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets by their olive lor. 10c and 25c petbox. All druggists.Wihaoth'sjFreshHome Baked BreadsCafces. Pies. Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Rasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees,;Snd, TeaswiiUrtGrcry CoPhone 376dwellers in the town as to the parties directly concerned therein. Theorganization of farmers' clubs, ginscanning clubs boys' pig clubs andcom club all "these as vitally affects the tow.n people as the countryn.. vnnonco thw are factors inthe general prosperity from, whichthe town must draw its enduringstrength. A poor road leading fromany community tot he town, is asmuch a matter of concern to the- tn the community affected.The county fair, while of incalcula-hle benefit to the farming interests,is equally beneficial to tne wwu.And thus it goes through the entire list of community interests.The enduring prosperity of the towndwellers bears an exact ratio to thatof the rural population. Their interests are inextricably interwoven,it is, however, far easier for thefarmer to dispense with the .backingof the town, people than for the lat. r ip-rtme his sunnort.We have written thus plainly?fh hn-ne that we might per-hans cause some to view the nationalproblems in a national us"t. "is an era of development. Theworld is calling for the best thatAmerica give it Thousands of ourmen are flocking to the great manufacturing centers. Not only mustwar material be furnished, but allthe arts of peace must be supplied.But the farms are pre-eminentlythe great food storehouse of the land.The fanner must teea us n-fed and without his product all.. ' m i.c t trifhiRtrv becamelotner uruuuuco v. -!..?--... xrtr. noiitntr is. has always'impotent-. - w"7 4i,0.W-.-been, and always wm u ,.tnnir foundation or our nauuu .Upon the farm must we jtoW-ourprosperity, ana oy tuo t---the'faxmpustwestandcrfaniTo the millions ut uw- - ---cftiesand towns we wish we couldget this message:- "Give your first'and best enoris w ""t, - -r",, . .niri 1 nrosTierity. develop-TtWt-st t tW utabst."and all the adverse puwiB ,..can not prevent your sharing as anequal partner in that prosperity.Health Crusade which is an organized movement of the NationalTuberculosis Association. Junior RedCross members will start out on thiscrusade in February.Through the schools, the AmericanRed Cross with the National Tuberculosis Association, is conducting anational, State and local campaignfor the improvement of personalhealth and community sanitation.The .Council of National Defenseand the United States Public HealthService are co-operating in the movement. "Health Chores" faithfully performed 'for two weeks entitle anyschool child to enter tne ranics oithe Modern Health Crusades as apage. To be a squire, and wear asquire's badge, three weeks of healthnrao must hft added to tne twoweeks already performed. And hiteen weeks (incidentally sufficientpractice to acquire good habits thoroughly) bring the title of knightbanneret and a gold pin.Polders, with a space to check eachchore each day keep the record athome. A Roll of Health Knighthoodhangs in the school-room, where thenames of the candidates are enrolledand their rank indicated by stars asthey earn their titles.The trophies for the victors in theNational Tournament are pennantspresented jointly by the National iuberculosis Association and the American Red Cross.oTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The Reed "bone dry" law is constititional says the Supreme Court,and it is unlawful for one to takeintoxicating liquors from anotherstate into dry territory, even for personal use. You may, however, buyliquor in wet territory m your ownstate and take it into dry territory inthat state, for your personal use, forthe present. It will soon be so thatyou canot buy it or transport it anywhere.The clock tinker naturally wantshis customers to believe that "Thereis a good time coming."- oThe side door of a saloon is whatmight be called an open secret.Daily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSProfessional Cards.WMU GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOHS 401-402HBST ISAT'L BANK BUHDIH&DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOHS 403-404HBST NAT'L BANK BUIEDnf GPHONE 136iEDW. BURKE. President.H. S. CAYW00D. Vice-President. JOHN T. COIIINS. Hanar.Women Soldiers In China.China had women soldiers long before they were known in Hussla. During 'the Tae Ping rebellion;1 1850,women as well as men served In theranks. In Nanking, in 1853, an armyof 500,000 women was recruited. Theyyere divided Into brigades of 13,000each and were commanded by womenofficers. t s ijEdw. BurkeSam ClavJas. M. CaldwellEobt. E. BeattvLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. BodcersA. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. R. BurrisA. L. StenheisonH. S. CaywoodTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)It isn't polite to tell a whole country to dry up, but that's the way thePhohibiionists have talked to Uncle-Sam.Fugazzi School ofBusiness ReopenedMonday, January 27thTotal Sales to Christmas 164,415 lbs. . Average $30.97Average week ending Jan. 18, 1,960,805 lbs. Average $41 .31Sales Week Ending Jan. 25, 989,960 lbs. . . Average $47.66For entire season,. 4,415,635 poundsfor $1,643,790.10VAverage $39LS4tinder J3ie principalship of Mrs. 12V. Jones, the Fugazzi School-of Busi-.ness reopened' Honday, January 27."Mrs. Jones was Miss yugazzi'sAssistant Principal and will carry onthe school along the same lines andhigh ideals that were laid 'down bythe founder. j.Fugazzi School ofBusiness"Efficiency Is Our Watchword."118 N, Upper St., Second Hoor.Lexineton. Ky. lWe Lead the State!It Will Pay You to Try to Get In."NEXT SALE"-.VVTO-BAY' ..-i j,... iilSrAThe Bourtfon Tobacco Warehouse" Co.(lncwM3ttd)PARIS, KENTUCKY. -m-v-$?iCi &.PAGE POUE,(JCT21: BOUBBOH: -SEWS,PARisrrfiKnrcn:TUESDAY, FEBRUAEY 4,. 1 J19., .-.X- pa-RTS AtfD LEXINGTON HIGHWOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.IBREAK EVEN ON GAMES.Thef Y. M. C. A. gymnasium wasfnmfrrf ahlv filial T?p!i1ov nfa-Vif tt-5-ViTt1 ' basket ball devotees who witnessed n.Jfast but rather rough game betweenjthe boys' teams of the Paris andj At Bed Cross Sewing BoomsTuesday, February 4 W. C. T. U.Thursday, February 6 "Womens'Society Baptist Church.Friday, February 7 Womens' So-ietv "Hantist P.hnrobA x . ;DEATHS.KRIENER.Following an illness of severalLturday, February g Daughters shool tftam anH thft rrflnrMtawnof jthe American Revolution. . High School team in turn.I ! Bill King at forward and Capt.4 Glub Calendar. Smith at guard secured the mostPARIS JLITERARY QLUB, FEB. 5th. , points for the Lexington team, withThe Std.ries of The Judges.Lexington High Sch5ol, in which theLexington boys were returned vie-; weeks, although in that Upne he fiadtors oy a score or 37 to zu. Tni8was,"oi Deen conimea to nis room, Mr.me imra successive victory ior meLexington team, they, having previously defeated the Louisville HighThe Tribes and T!heir Heroes. . J Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.The 'Story; and Song of Deborah. . . .. . - Mrs. ForsytheCoriparison The Hebrew Samsons ad Milton's Samson. vi Mrs. Walter Payne.Ruin. A Pastoral InterludeMiss 'Crutcher.PAOGESSIVE CULTURE CLUB,:-. FEB. 6th. 'Lincoln, The Leader. . .Mrs. Tucker.Edippn,, The Wizard ... Mrs. Cooper.Electricity . Mrs. PatonNORTH MIDDLETOWN WOMAN'S" CLUB, FEB. 7th.Education In Kentucky.Kentucky's Educational Institutions. . ,L: Mrs. J. T. CollinsThej Public School Problem In Ken-tijicky Mrs. Lillian Mason.Libraries and Moonlight Schools ..... y Mrs. Tom VanMeter.BOURBON ART CLUB, FEB. 8th.French Gothic Cathedralsfiften and eight respectively, whilefor the Paris team the best work wasdone at forward by Roberts and Riceat center.In the preliminary game betweenthe girls' teams of the Paris HighSchol and the Lexington HighSchool team, the Paris team won outby the narrow margin of one point,the srore standing at the end of thegame 20 to 19. v. f i Mrs. F. P. Lowry.Paiiited Glass and Exterior Sculpture.' Miss EvansThe'P Four Wonders Of MedievalFrance Miss Orr.(Contributed)Friday night at the Y. M. C. A.the Paris High School Girls gameswere played in Paris. The game wasfast and intensely interesting fromthe start.The team work of the Paris girls,their good passing, and goal shootingreflected brilliantly the splendidsoaching of Miss Helen Bannister,director of Physical Education forgirls in the Paris schols."it seems now that the Paris girlsteam has a straight road to theState Championship in high schoolbasket ball this year.s Bannister is working on a planwhich when, nerfected will haveParis, Chartres, Rheims much to do with standarizing athle-iinz for tHrls in tbe TCentuelrv Tne-TiI schools.The boys gapie was by far thebest seen here this year on any team,work of Rice and Roberts was theI Dest seen nere uus yei uu xuy tctvui.French Renaissance . Mrs. Sutherland j The Lexington High School team isRoll Call Current Events In Art made up of Jmen, all large and fast" o I looks much more like a college team1Wr-rttat?v rrvm?T tiav than a hish school, and their defeatAiX,UAK,X UJUlll DAI. of the Paris team was not by superior-.It v ,i,l playing but more weight, height andThere was an unusually largely The Paris team made the hightirowd m Paris yesterday in attend- est score tfcat has been made againstancd'.on February Court Day. There . Lexington this year, Louisville andwas considerable live stock on the ! Owensboro both having been defeatedjmarket, and a large number of mules J by Lexington with a lower score,and' -horses changed ownership at1 We will hand it to Lexington Highgood" prices. Merchants reported good School, that she has one of the best' ,- ii,o ? t , teams ever developed in the state, buttrade ana collections good. Late in v. ,. ,. , ,rno,, ... , , ,, . , . we hope after a few more years inthe afternoon a drizzling ram set m, high school that the Kings and Smiths-driving everyone to shelter. T will either go to work or be passedAx the sale of mules conducted by on to college.Mr. sJohn! Marr at the stables of Cay-! Mr. Goldsmith, Physical directorwood' & McClintock thirty-one head 'at the Y. M. C. A., and the Citysold' for an average of $315 to $325 School has done excellent work withper fiead. One pair was sold to Ten-' his-tea JM year wih chances$1,0K). There was a good crowd in m -attendance ana gooaprices were reai- Next Friday the teams will both beGeorge Kriener, aged about thirty-seven, died Saturday afternoon at 5o'clock, at the home of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Kriener, onTwelfth Street.Mr. Kriener had been in declininghealth for several months, as a result of a complication of diseases.Several times he had been a patientat Martinsville, and French LickSprings, in Indiana, and in local institutions, but the disease that hadfastened on him could not be shakenoff. He was one of the best-knownsalesmen in the city, having been atvarious tinies connected with someof the most prominent shoe concernsin Paris. Previous to his last illnesshe had for a long time been salesmanat the shoe house of Posner Bros..where he was highly esteemed. Personally Mr. Kriener was popular witha large circle of friends, both hereland elsewhere, who sincerely mournhis passing away.Besides his parents, Mr. Krieneris survived by two brothers, Mr.John Kriener, of Paris, and Mr. LouisKriener, cashier of the First StateBank, at Junction City, Ky.; and foursisters, Mrs. James A. Snowden, ofLos Angeles, Cali.'; Mrs. Robert Lusk,of Paris; Mrs. W. B. Hunn, of Junction City, and Mrs. O. M. Elam, ofAshland.The funeral was held yesterdayafternon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the residence onTwelfth Street, by Rev. J. J. Rice,pastor of the Paris PresbyterianChurch. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were J. Hal Woodford,Harry O. James, S: Kenney Nichols,Walter Davis, Swift Champ and Chas.K. Posner.Walter Blytle, on Kentucky Avenue,in 'the Rosedale-Addition. The funeralwill .be -held at 4:30 o'clock thisafternoon; with "services conducted atthe grave in the, Paris Cemetery.,For Rent.Nicely. furnished flat room, steamheat; bath; business man preferred.MRS. J. T. CLARK.Apartment 1, third floor ofRobneel Building.'(4-tf)WANTED' . -Two-men wanted under 25 1 yearsof age; high school education prefersed, good appearance, must bevable togive refferences. To travel with sales-,manager, in state of Kentucky. Salaryorcommisston. Apply atY.-jMG. A.alter 7 p: m. ask for-McqWilsom : .4-2t) . t .,,-, ....; .RAY.ized all along the line.-o-ASKS FAYETTE COURT TO RAISE' ' WIDOW'S BOND.tAttorneysRobert Talbott. andJudge, Denis Dundon, of Paris, andRobBrt Franklin, of Frankfort, appeared before County Judge Bullock,in the,' Fayette County Court, MondayTand asked that the bond of Mrs.Emma Trent -Thomas, widow of Robt.L. Thomas, a former resident ofParis, be increased, that surety bereauired in her bond, and that aninventory of the estate of her husband ,be. filed. County Judge Bullicta,set Monday, January 20, as thedate He would .rule on the1 motion.Mrs, Thomas will , attend ;the proceedings, tjeing summoned! by theCouHt.'Sbee the de'ath of Mr. Thomas,whqbsjas a son of the late Capt. Jas.M Irhxraias, who made Paris hishomfor nearly a lifetime, litigationhast$$en. pending regarding a landdeale had made with his .sister.MrsUJfclary Thomas Ireland, ;TjHfe ofMr.iiffhn Ireland, also , a formerParitfa-esident. According to the al-lega&P-nsMr. Thomas purchasedf rojm is sister at an exceedingly lowpricS 'timDer land in some of thiemouitain counties and then soldthei shortly afterward ( for ap. .enormoiip profit Mrs. Ireland thentoolc the case before the court'to '6btairilier -share of the profit, claimingshe -dd not know the value of theJ&na, at tne time biie &uiu u awCourt of Appeals ruled that she wasentitled to one-fourth of the profits, derjyejl from the sale of the lands.AS'o inventory of the estate haseyei been filed by Mrs. Thomas follow the death of her husband 'requirements to have this done weretakenby the attorneys for the plaintiffs' Monday.S. o j .; ,The; owl is a wjse bicd,t bu ,thecrow!never does anything' witnoutcaws"J, oShould a story about 'spooks" betoldlifcith the ghost of a smile?0 ?away from home, the girls in Winchester, and the boys in Richmond.The attendance at the games increases each week and enthusiasmgrows. " ""-Every one regretted the absenceof Miss Porter, our cheer leader, whows away on. acount of the illnessof her mother. We sincerely hope hermother who is so extremely ill jmaysoon be well.In the absenceof Miss Porter, MissLillie Kenney, sub cheer leader, tookcharge and extracted the noise fromthe crowd, and put the "pep" intothe ocasion.j Miss Keney makes a splendid substitute. . -(Contributed)The game played Friday nightTatthe Y. M. C. A. between the Paris andLexington girls' teams was one of thebest games witnessed on the Y floorthis season; The line-up was as follows: Baldwin, center; Harper andElder, forwards; Alexander and Capt.McClintock, guards.. At the end of tjhe first half thescore", stood 7 to in favor of theParis' team, and five minutes beforethe game closed the Paris girls tiedthe score by McClintock throwing afield goal. After this there was simply a good .time for everybody, butParis, furnished the best fight, andthe game closed with the score standing 20 to 19 in favor of Paris, aanidthe wild shouts of the spectators.It was a star game for the wholeteam. The forwards did splendidwork in spite of the fact that Lexngton had rather tall guards. TheParis centers is young in the tacticsof basketball, but she showed herreal strength Friday night. Theguards were trustworthy and keptthe ball away from the Lexingtonfield and hurled it back to the Parisgoalr"THIRTY DOLXAB," OVERCOATS.Louis Heath Ray, aged thirty-six,a former residence of Paris, died suddenly inCincinnati Sunday night, ofheart trouble superinduced by an illness of long standing. Mr. Ray hadbeen engaged in the railroad businessin Cincinnati.The body was brought to Paris lastnight, and taken to the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Swiney Ray, onHiggins Avenue. The funeral willbe held frojm the family residenceWednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis pastor of the Paris ChristianChurch. The burial will follow onthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be HarryBrent Fithian, Chas. W. Fithian,John McCarthy, Wm. Howard, Jr.yChas. Whaley and Brutus Wheat."Toney" Ray was well:known toalmost everybody in Paris. His jovialdisposition made him host of friendsHe is survived by his parents, Mr. andMrs. Swiney Ray, one sister, MissBetsy Ray, and two brothers, John S.Ray, of Lexington, and George BellRay, of Paris.Girls Wanted..'50 white girls and "women to selectturkey feathers. All year work. Verydesirable environment. Opportunityto" make splendid wages. t 'u wApply Dow Building, '201. Main"St. . . -(4-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS CO.,. ' .ire -.WANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month. ' vCHARLTON ALEXANDER.Cumberland Phone 135.Paris, Ky.(4-tf)a;FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSr..j ilCLEARANCEH.SALENOW GOING ON!4,For SaleI offer for sale privately my formerhome at 123 Fithiap, Avenue. Thisplace is well located and well builton concrete and stone foundation. Hasfiv(e rooms, hall and bath all newlypapered, large attic, front and backporches, garage and other modernconveniences. Now ocupied by Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Dillon.- , ,J. J. VEATCH,Home Telephone 320.(4-4t)Try Traction Service For5Package or , Freightl' DeliveriesKy. Traction & Terminal Co.'- Special Prices On vSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTS1For Comforts- iExtra Special PricesSUITS. COATS ;:.,and DRESSESREMNANTS OF ALL KINDS . -:II 'FRANK & CO.' -' . LADIES' OUTFITTERSIFOWLER.John W. Fowler, fifty-four, sonof Aaron J. Fowler, died at his hemein Clintonville at 12:30 o'clock Saturday, of pneumonia, following anattack of influenza. Mr. Fowler wasa bachelor, and a blacksmith by occupation. He is survived by his father,two brothers, Ben Fowler and SteveFowler, and one sister, Mrs. Oma Gorham. The funeral services were heldat the grave in the Clintonville cemetery Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o'clockthe Rev. Newton Shropshire officiating.ARNETT.Thos. Billingsley Arnett, agedninety-four, one of the oldest andmost highly respected citizens of Harrison County, died at the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Vina Mathews, nearLeesburg, from injuries received in afall some weeks; ago. He had been aninvalid' a-nd blind for several years.Squire Arnett was a native ofBourbon County. His father, Zachariah Anrett, was a .soldier of thewar-of 1812. Squire' Arnett is survived by two children, Mrs. LaviniaMatthews, of Leesburg.and Mrs. ElizaJane Cason, of Covington, and onesister, Miss Mary F. Arnett.The funeral was held Friday,with services conducted at thegrave in the McDaniel buryingground, near Cynthiana, by Rer. J.R. Jones.Surprising what wonderful valueswe how1 alt thi price in! t'yles for Menand Young Men.J. W. DAVIS.PUBLIC SALEtoPleasant Street Residenceij'Hip order to settlean.estate Mrs.CLD.Hellb has.placed in our,1ia4$jl to sell at public auction, on the premises, on"Tuesday, February 11, J.019at Zp. m.;Jier two-story brick residence on Pleasatnf StreetpnearJYHirJfi Street. It has eight rooms, large porch, hall, bath com-pfettegwMnd-gooiirr.cellar., K"-;v ' (; uVrti ,ir, 'Kapii property is very aesiraoie, Demg m a good neighbor-WOODWARD.The funeral of Mrs. John Woodward, aged thirty-five who died ather home in this city at five o'clock,Friday afternon, of pnemonia, following influenza, was held Sundayafternon at :,30 o'clock with servicesconducted at' the graveside in theParis Cemetery by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris BaptistChurch.Mrs. Woodward is survived by "herhusband, Mr. John Woodward, andone son, Frank Woodward, one yearold.?WALSH'SOdT PRICE SALEOn Suits and Overcoats Means a Big SavingFor Men and Young Men"'' .j " . j . ,.To encourage the buying of our Men's and Young Men's Suits and Overcoatswe are going to continue our tale a while longer. We have sold a lot of satisfiedcustomers duringthis sale and .we hope to satisfy many more with the wonderfulvalues we are of f ering. Every wanted style and pattern can be found in ourSuits and Overcoats, and when it comes to values Well you can judge' for "ybr-en wiicu yuiM vuuic tu ouy.Men's and Young Men's Suitsbooiiimd a fkort distance from tfye, busmess district.psmie pownye.WEATHERS.S. L. Weathers III, nine-months-oldson of" Mn and Mrs: Sam Weathers,died Sunday night at the home of hisLearents.NMr. and Mrs. Sam Weathersnear Clintonville, of,.pneumonia. TFefuneraL will take plae at threeo'clock this 'afternoon, with' servicesconducted atthe grave in the Clin-toriviille Cemetery by Rev: P. sRhodes. " ' 'SJMS-uy-and made .known dayof sale. -4-7HARRIS & SPEAKESBLYTHE.- Wm E. Blytleaged nijie months,died:' Sunday night" of pneiinionLiaV'&tthehom of his parents, MrfandMrs.' $45.00 Suits cut W...1$42.50 Suitsi cut'tO'.'.;-.$40.00 Suits cut' W.1...$37,50 Suits cut to$35.00 Suits cut'tov..:$32.50 Suits cut to....$30.00Suits cut to....$27.50 Suits cut to ...$25.00 Suits cut to....$22.50 Suits cut. to....$20.00. Suits cut to,.....;..-...:' ...$40.00:.;-.. I. 37.50....'........a ... ' Hl mJJ30.0027.5025,00. 22.50.- 20.00- 17,501 6f0" $18.00 Suis cut to :....'..:' 14.50J15.00.Suitsi cut: to;.; ,.': 11 .50$12.50 Suits' cut 'to. . . . 7. . 9.50Men's and Young Men's Overcoats$50.00 Overcoats cut to v.$45.00 Overcoats-cut to L$42.50 Overcoats cut to ; . . .$4000 Overcoats x cut .to$37150 Overcoats cut to' $35,00 Overcoats cut to .v.......... .$32.50 Overcoats cut to : :. . ;' 30.00 Oyescoats cut to ;: u-.' $27.50 Overcoats cut. to. '. .-.' $25.00 Overcoats cut to , I . . ..-.... .-.v.; $21. 50 Overcoats ' cut to i1. j . '. . ,: !? L . '., . ; : :; . ;' $20.00 Ovefcdats cut":tb':.;:..-4L;:...r... :..';;:.$45,0040.0037-5035.0032.50.30.0027.50; 25.0022.5020.0017.50-16.50CashjNo Approvals. 1J .n..' IM P 'KHCa- M'titilht.J9i8 Hvt Schafwc. Marx1::;;-RmALSHSi- "t7th and Main.inOne-Price StorePari, Ky.iIC""!s9-:VTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4. 1919."THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PARIS, XERTUCTTFOR, THE, BESTNOTHING ELSE-GET OUR PRICES FIRST. .Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.oWE WANT Y0TJ& EGOS, EINGTHEM QUICK.Bring us your eggs as quick as younn. Highest cash price.C. P. COOK & CO.(It) 'oREVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.In, 'the assignment of revenue menfor the Seventh Kentucky Districtmade Saturday by Collector ElwoodHamilton, Bouroon County gets thefollowing:No. 77 Julius Kessler & Co.,Paris, Jno. A. Logan, storekeepergaug'er in charge; T. L. McConnell,additional. ;" -"o ,SHOE BABGATNS POR LADIES,SAVE MONEY BY CALLING)EARLY.Great reductions on an accumulated lot of ladies small sizes in shoesof all styles and makes. Come inand take advantage of these bargainswhile they last. It will be worthvour time." (24-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.oTHE COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENTOP THE CITY SCHOOL.tThe Commercial Department atCity School is doing splendid work under 'the efficient direction of MissFlora Ray.Misses Thelma Squires, AliceAdair, Irene Alexander and EdithHarper.all first year shorthand pupilsare taking dictation at the rate ofmore than one hundred words perminute. Harold Shively, a first yearstudnt, eighty words per minute.A course in Commercial Geographyis being given in this department thisaftss Ray and her pupils are to benTVriPTirlPd for the great interestthey are taking in their work, manyof them working late m tne aneinon land others on Saturday.' oSUITS POR THE KIDDIES.Ages three to eight years A specialshowing this week of Spring WashSuitS- J. W. DAVIS.REMOVAL NOTICE.The .offices of The Paris RealtyThe Paris Realty Co., have-.,.i fhcwir- nffiftfts to. the "TaxiCommissioner's offices in. thethe ground floor Nn the Northeastcorner. Mr. Walter Clarke will bein charge and will be glad and readyto attend to any business in the realestate line at that place in the future.(4-tf)P.P.AT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.m-u..o.v fho t Foster Rogers realestate agency, Mr. Robert P. Walshof Paris, sold his dwelling propertyon. East HigH Street, in Mt. Sterling,to Mr. W. T7 Fitzpatrick, of that city,for a price not given out for publication. , ,Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday at the Court House door forMessrs. Ed- H. Gorey and D. C. Parrish executors of the estate of MissAnnie Kelly, the following real estateand-personal property: House andlot on Higgins Avenue, to Mrs. EllenMcWilliams, lor 2,765; house onSeventh -Sfreet, to JoHn McCarthy,for .$1,955; sixty-three shares ofcapital stock of the Peoples DepositBank at an average of $240.16 pershare; two $1,000. Liberty bondsfor $1,888.50; ihree.Bourbon County Court house, 4 per cent bondsfor $977.33 each; jHve shares ofLouisville & Nashville Railway bondsfor $113 per share.FIrt, Wind and LigmninsInsurance. m . , D..Thomas, Woodford & Bryan. o- .WITH THE SHUT-INS. ,Mrl Richard Tate is very ill withthe influenza, at his home near Shawhan.' Miss Mattie Baldwin, who hasbeen very ill with; pneumonia, is bet. tliv -Eva T Kiser continuesvery ill with, pneumonia at his homeon Houston' Avenue, jvir. jaarry -Df"winwho has been seriously ill wjithpneumonia, at h?a 'home on WilliamscfnAf ia rPMwrinsr: Miss JessieRose, p.neumoniaatient at the MTas-1t -irA-Znl TXanial fa CTeatly im-Jproved. Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, isimproving from a serious illness athie Jin,- n thA Winchester pike,ne.r Paris. Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Frye'and children, are confined, to theirKw'Svt.' TSIIctrm AvPTHlft. With.. W"uunic,' uu mujtohu ...... r, r ;-fluehza. 'Mr. StajileyJiicnarosvery ill with pneumonia, At msruumwon Iiilleston Avenue. Mrc,Cn&rlesGreen1, of the "A. F Wheelei;-po., isconvalescent"! ler eriotkrilj ess ofpneumonia, Mrs. -Ly ttleton B. Purnell' improves slo f"n4r homeon Vine Street, fror&XserioMiyUnessftf ivnonmrmW Mr. Wfel&R TllOmaS,driver of fb.ettorth'-Midietawii truckline! is an influenza suiierer.. ul mpast twenty-five yearg; Mr. Thomashas .rarely failed to i'be on the 30b vand it took the "flu" to stop him.He 'is improving and will, aoon Teback at work. Influenza in the family of Pridet R H. Bllett,of theNorth Middletown College, caused atemporary cti of 'school dutieslast reek.SOCIAL A1W PERSONAL.Comings ad Goings of Ourj People Here, There andj Elsewhere. ,Mr. Henry J. Grosche has returned from Akron, Ohio, where hespent severalVeeks in the GoodrichRubber Tire Co.'s repairing department. Mr. Grosche will open a repair shop in Paris in the near future.Sergt. Vance Huffman and sister, Miss Edna Huffman, who havebeen guests of friends and. relativesin Paris, were summoned to Covington yesterday, by a mesage announcing the illness of their mother, MrsW. J. Huffman.Friday night in the private dining room at the Phoenix Hotel J. G.Rogers and F. P. White, of Paris,were hosts at a diner narrv tn a fow'representative tobacco men from theBlue Grass. There were sixteenguests present.Messrs. Raymond Connell. TTs-sery Wilder, Turney Clay, John Clay,iuoert JLavm, iouis Turner and DanW. Peed, Jr.. of Paris, attended the.annual reception given by the Marlowe Club of Hamilton Collesre inLexington, Saturday night.The Amuse Dancing Club gavea most enjoyable dance Friday evening at Varden's Hall, which waslargely attended many out-of-townvisitors being present. Music for thedancers was furnished by Bishop'sOrchestra, of Paris. During the intermission salpicon of fruit-and wafers were served the guests.The Delta Delta Delta Sororityof Hamilton College gave an enjoyable dance at the home of Miss HelenBannister, in Lexington, Fridaynight. Those from Bourbon Countywho attended the dance were JVIrs.John W. Marr, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery,Miss Martha Ferguson, ElizabethRaff, Marie Collins, Louise Collins,Mildred Collins, Harriet Rogers,Messrs. Raymer Jones, Stanley Dickson and John Ardery.Paris music lovers were well rewarded yesterday and last nightwhen they heard and witnessed thepresentation of "Aida" at the Lexington Opera House by the CreatoreGrand Opera Company. The operawas presented under the auspices ofthe Women's Clubs of Central Kentucky, the Lexington College ofMusic, the University of Kentuckyand the Lexington Chamber of Commerce. Among those who attendedwere Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherlandand Mrs. Frank Fithian, of Paris,Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, and MissEthel Love Fisher, of Millersburg.All arrangements have been perfected for" "the testimonial dinner tobe given Fredrick A. Wallis, formerresident of Paris and now DeputyCommissioner of Police of New York,this (Tuesday) evening. A committe of 300 of the metropolis' foremostcitizens will tender the dinner inhonor of Mr. Wallis threefold warwork in selling $150,000,000 of Liberty Bonds in three days, obtaining52,000 Red Cross members in twodays and raising $400,000 for policereserve uniforms in two weeks, allwithout snending any funds. Amongthe members of the committee are J.Pierpoint Morgan, John D. Rockefeller, Jr., Benjamin Strong, CharlesE. Hughes, Alton B. Parker,vCharlesM. Schwab, Gov. Alfred E. Smith,Allan Ryan, Wiliam Fellowes Morgan, Albert. Wiggen, Samuel Fairchild, and Martin Hepburn.The News acknowledges receipt of ahandsomely engraved invitation toattend the event. v .Mr., Wallis' manyfriends here tender their' congratulations; (Other Personals on Page 3.).oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTGN &SON,AgtsEIRECAUSES $3,000CROPTON.LOSS ATA fire at Crofton, Ky., destroyedLthe telephone exchange and a, -storehouse belonging to J. M. rotr. meloss is about $3,000. 'For Sale. Ni.Five Gas Stoves. and one Gas RangeJ.-J4 RICE 121 Duncan Avenue.(3-20The Fair- " f. WONDERFUL VALUES.We have never seen such values, ashave lust come to us, through aspecial' Purchase. .Galvanized tuds, iteguiar .awsiie9c. The $1.75 size, 1.39. Theto 94S Wtt at-" $1.73.Cv'Cedar Pousn. sue- size ou. aci$1.0tf size at- 73c. vPure White ?1.69 Tea-kettles at$1 49r AliwriTnum ?4.50. T. fettlesat ?33,9..Blscuit Pans size 8X10 17c;m J,w?n? Ritie Combinets regularS2.49-at $1.99. Regular 25c crank"Sifters at 19c. yPure Lineal "t)ark Green WindowShades, .6 foot long 32 inches wideF3aeh9c " " . " . M,Saturday Candy Spepial 50c pnxedCandiefixat 29 c. io.i..,r r-nr 5nn nnnnds assortedAnixed. can"dies.fi'esh, delicious, ohe-lwi& only to a customer, u. xmitSaof 50c. , l '"TTHEfAIR;THE-JPOG. .TOE .CHILDREN- THE SOLDIER AND YOU..In a quiet street of Paris, a littlegirl of ten or twelve was leading afrightened little boy by the hand anda frantic yellow dog by the leash.The dog of the dear and lovable variety called mongrel, was demonstrating his joy in life by affectionatebounds and leaps;, the children patted his head gently, but walked alongwithout saying a word. There weretrees at regular intervals along -thestreet. - Near one of these they stopped and hesitated.. I could hearthem talking softly. "Come" saidxthe little girl, 'we'll tie him here;and surely when the American soldiers pass, one of them will see him,love him and take him. They willunderstand by the card that is onhis neck thae we had to lose him onpurpose and why and you must notcry, Jean-Pierre, you are the mannow, you know, and one pnust be reasonable. There are not enough pennies to get soup and bread for the fiveof us and milk for baby George;. asMamma says we cannot keep Medor.You know how hard Mamma -hasworked since Papa was killed and sheis so tired she cannot earn enough toeven feed us all properly. There,be good. '"Where is your handkerchief? Itseems , that they are gentle, theseAmericans. They have good heartsand they always help the unhappyones".An American soldier did pass by.He saw the dog, aid on a little pieceof cardboard tied to its neck thethe quaint words in childish handwriting : "This is Medor, our petdog. Please dear American soldier,take care of him, we can't any more."The soldier had no use for the dog,and did not know what to do with it.But the children's trust in Americahe could not resist and he adopted thedog.He would have liked to do moreand. take care of the children too.The few words had brought back tohis mind a big family in a villagewhere he was billeted, six litle children and an old, old grandmother.And to suport them all, only themother, a soldier's widow, whoin the midst of her sorrow for theman who would never come back,was making the bravest efforts to feedher little nock, and in spite of all hercourage could not earn enough togive them sufficient food and clothes.But there ,was no addres on thecardboard tied to the dog's neck.YOU who are that brave boy's wife,or mother, or sweetheart, will youplete his work and adopt thelittle children of those brave comtheir lives for all, and whose childrenhave not their daily bread.' Ten cents is so easily, and or, howoften spent on ice-creams. The sameten cents can help get food for a littlechild for a day.Will you not share the profits, thatthis war has brought to you, with, n.r thw mm- little hungry children? Make some crushed mothers-life a-little brighter, and a ucueFatherless Child of France, love youoa -hia American God Parent. Theydo love us, as we learn by tneir grate"i lottpra Think of France I uom-pare their conditions with ours today.The following is a list ol jauuysubscribers. Will you not be one onthe list for February?Mrs. J. W. Scott, Treas. BaptistChurch Society, Winchester, Ky.Mrs. M. H. Bedford, Winchester.Mrs. Hary D. Skelly, Winchester.Mis Nancy Bowden, Treas. Win-Chester.Mrs. Wm. -Ardery, 1 additional.Mrs. Charlton Alexander.Mr. 'Catesby Woodford, Sr.,6 add.Mr. J. H. Roseberry.Mr. S. P. Harding.Mr Jas. Caldwell, 1 additional.Mr. Bruce Holladay.Mr. C. M. Clay.Mr. Charlton A. Clay, 1 additional.Mr. W. H. Whaley.Capt. F. M. Nelson.Misses LaRue.Mrs. Newt. Taylor.Mrs. A." B. Hncock, 1 additional.O-z : rAs the culmination of a spoonycourtship, marriage, may be regardedas a stirring climax.Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.tSirtonJs 1- - r - -.llll .' - . . - Milx Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi. llllFlorida FruitsBox CandiesiJ Adami'sPampus Recipe tot l.imakm'delicious ice (ream, .tinSodaif Water and Mixed' llll"Drinks till used. ;Bulk Jce Cream;(Made -fromvPure rCrjeam)'delivered for home use. ' ;:1 Faitcy Ices for PartiesFor the BEST, Se Us.1 Successorto;Adami & Santi.1 ."iFRANK BURTONClearance,-rsHARRYSavefl.r, -PERCENTTH t J.aOTOR HEARSEnTHFRPHONE". --- -1-AV'JAWHARYrONSuits1CoatsDressesANDMillinery224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.You Money1February and MarchCASH SALEAll Our Tremendous Stock inThis Sale AtREDUCTIONCome EarlyT lilfTMOJOR INVALID COACH36 '- SIXTH AND MAIN STS'H'Sale jrm .y -lis-''5-'a-iIl1IM?-O N CO.- r '-UNDERTAKINGt -itV-W. r-.3 " rV?v"J -v.&-&i' 1S Sr 'J t.Ut!!',i i!I.lAs -,fIAQESIXi ,THE BOUEBON NEWS,PABIS, JEEBTUCKXTUESDAY, FSBRUARY 4, 1919.. sscsjaasst. :i3??v-psainjFirsfcihrre3S--'&-- v-'Stomach Distress Stops Instantly!Eure, &uiek, pleasant relief from Indigestion Pain,Gas, Acidity, Heartburn or Dyspepsia.8S&I jIIKk jM vABBBvHLLa BBBBBBBBvH HKDjjjk vaW-A AThe moment you eat" atablet or two, all the indigestion, gases, pain, acidity and stomach distress CjjlArtrlc; Tnstnntlv! "JCosts little All "drugstores. Buy a box !Bfl BBwBBBBBb Tn aAmriUPSET?n:AM:M WILL PUT YOUlapepsin on your feetTHE DERVISHES.ASUNCION.A feature of Persian life whichIllustrates the simple and superstitions nature of the people of themid-east is their tolerance of thedervishes. These weird, gypsy-likebeggars infest the cities, and annoythe village folk in passing from oneplace to another, according to theirvows of itinerancy.These are not the whirling dervishes of circus fame. Whirlingwould he too exuberant form of worship for the members of this mostancient leisure class. Their greatestexertion consists of walking slowlyand blowing a horn to announcetheir presence.The dervish of Persia is known byhis begging bowl, conical cap, animal skin cape, and club. The weaponwhich is usually a stick driventhrough with -nails, is carried conspicuously. In fact, it seems unpleasantly ready for use when itsowner caljmly demands tribute. It istrue that there is small danger of itsuse, even if alms are refused, but arefusal, however polite and apologetic, is sure to arouse the wrath ofthe dervish. His vocabulary may beunintelligible, but the significance ofhis threats and prophecies is usuallyunderstood. Fellow citizens of thedervish tribe prefer to make a giftat any cost, in order to avoid havingthe wrath of heaven called downupon, them in the mesterly languageof an experienced heaven-invoker.The dervish makes himself usefulto, the community honored by hispresence by telling fortunes and stories, reciting prayers, selling" charms,and even curing the sick by blowinghis sacred breath on them all in return for cash which he turns overto his chief after deducting a livingwage.oINDIGESTION.In the typical North Americancity you see many pretty homes setin lawns, and often showing considerable architectural beauty, whilethe public and business buildingsare usually big, ugly boxes of brickand stone, with just an occasionalpretty court house or city hall.In a South American city thisdistribution of municipal beauty isreversed. If you walk through theresidential section of Asuncion, thecapital of Paraguay, for example, youfind yourself passing endless wallsflush with the street. There are noyards, usually no trees, and no attempt at architectural effect. Thewindows are often barred andthe doors are heavy, forbidding affairs without verandahs or porches,while the roofs are flat, beconustory balconies on some of the housesare the only excrescences that breakthis monotony of blank and forbidding wall.For a South American has hisfront yard in the middle of his house.If you call on a citizen of Asuncion,you pass through a hallway and intoa courtyard, which is full of charmsecreted from the street. Here a little fountain plays, there are flowersand palm trees and pretty benchesand very likely a parrot or a monkey.The interiors of the better houses,too. are as attractive as their exteriors are ugly, the rooms being highceilinged and richly furnished.The public buildings of Asuncion,sm the other hand, are almost all ofhigh architectural "merit. The railway station is a thing of beauty, asis also the government "palace,"which was built by a Spanish conqueror of long ago, while even tnebanks are richly decorated structuresof marble.oCOUNT HFTY! PAINS AND'THE .DOG. '.THE .CHILDRENTHE SOLDIER AND YOU.In a quiet street of Paris, a littlegirl of ten or twelve was leading afrightened little boy by the hand anda frantic yellow dog by the leash.The dog of the dear and lovable variety called mongrel, was "demonstrating his joy in life by affectionatebounds and leaps; the children patted his head gently, but walked alongwithout saying a word. There weretrees at regular intervals along thestreet. Near one of these they stopped and hesitated.. I could hearthem talking softly. "Come" sUidthe little girl, 'we'll tie him here;and surely when the American soldiers pass, one of them will see him,love him and take him. They willunderstand by the card that is onhis neck thae we had to lose him onpurpose and why and you must notcry, Jean-Pierre, you are the mannow, you know, and one (must be reasonable. There are not enough pennies to get soup and bread for the fiveof us and milk for baby George; asMamma says we cannot keep Medor.You know how hard Mamma hasworked since Papa was killed and sheis so tired she cannot earn enough toeven feed us all properly. There,be good."Where is your handkerchief? Itseems that they are gentle, theseAmericans. They have good heartsand they always help the unhappyones".An American soldier did pass by.He saw the dog, aid on a little pieceof cardboard tied to its neck thethe quaint words in childish handwriting : "This is Medor, our petdog. Please dear American soldier,take care of him, we can't any more.The soldier had no use for the dog,and did not know what to do with it.But the children's trust in Americahe could not resist and he adopted thedog.He would have liked to do moreand take care of the children too.The few words had brought back tohis jmind a big family in a villagewhere he was billeted, six litle children and an -old, old grandmother.And to suport them all, only themother, a soldier's widow, 'whoin the midst of her sorrow for theman who would never come back,was making the bravest efforts to feedher little flock, and in spite of all hercouraee could not earn enough togive them sufficient food and clothes.THE TEST OF MERIT.Paris Peonle are Given ConvincingProof.No better test of an article can bemade than a test of time and this isparticulary true of a kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pilltf have stood thistest and stood it well. What betterproof of the merits of this remedycould you demand, than the statement of a Paris resident who used itsuccessfully and tels of lasting results. Read the following:Geo. McCandles, Second street, says:"My kidneys were inactive and I hadbackaches. Doans Kidney Pills puta stop to all the troubles and gave mecomplete relief."(Statement given January 27, 1912)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over fourteen years later or onTVnvember 9th. 1916 Mr. McCandlessaid: "I haven't had any need of akidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. I consider myself nenmanently cured."..... -w f J.Price 60 cts at an ueaiers. uon tsimply ask for kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv.)o jAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. . FEEAGENTHome-KilledMEATSFRESHFISHDressed to Orderbrighter;EVENINGSTOSEND GERMAN 'CANNON TOAMERICA.Take a few doses of Chamberlain'sTablets as directed for indigestion,and you will soon forget about yourstomach troubles. Try it.oDaily Thought.They never fall who die in a greatcause. Byron.HCONSERVATIONW. H.Kelley, a lumber salesman, ofOmaha, found Neolin Soles so toughand durable that one pair of solesserved on a second pair of uppersafter the first pair of uppers had wornout in ten months of hard walking.And he says, "Those same soles willstand another ten months of constantdaily wear."This is -unusual service even forNeolin Soles but Mr. Kelley's experience should indicate to you a methodof cutting down those rising shoe billsyou have to meet Simply make surethe new shoes you buy 'are Neolinsoled and have worn shoes repairedwith these soles which are scientificallymade to be comfortable, waterproofand exceedingly long-wearing. Theyare made by The Goodyear Tire &Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, whoalso make Wingfoot Heels, guaranteed to outwear any other heels.olin SolesfieHark Bee U. &. Pat.O.NEURALGIA GONE.Instant relief! Rub this nerve torture and misery risrht out withSt. Jacob's linament."Rub this soothing, penetrating, linament right into the sore, inflamednerves, and like magic neuralgiadisappears. "St. Jacobs Linament"conquers pain. It is a harmless"neuralgia relief" which does notburn the skin.Don't suffer! It's so needless.Get a small trial bottle from any drugstore and gently rub the "achingnerves" and in just a moment youwill be absolutely free from pain andsuffering.No difference whether your painor neuralgia is in the face, head orany part of the body, you can get instant relief with this old time, honest pain destroyer it can not injure.Cadv.)o' Queer-Epitaphs.Queer epitaphs are frequently fakes ;but the following really appears in aSalop churchyard: "Slizabeth, thewife of Richard Barkllmb, passed toeternity on Saturday, fclst of May,1797, in thetseventy-firs; year of herage. .Richard Barklamb, the Antespouse Uxorious, was Interred here,26th Jan., 1806, in his eighty-fourthyear." What an antespouse uxoriousmay be is not explained. CardiffkWestern-Mall. ,IwiIXV!V2;xmIW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR- Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky..,,.:c?''-,: vgf MMBiKaaMXBBixaaaKwiYOU CAN'T UND ANY DANDRUFF.AND HAIR STOPS COMING OUT.Save your hair!. .Make it thick,wavy, glossy andbeautiful at once.Try as you will, after an application of Danderine, you cannot find asingle trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch,but what will please you most willbe after a few week's use, when yousee new hair, fine and downy at first,yes jut really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydouble's the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair a strand at a time.The effect is immediate and amazing,your hair will be light, fluffy andwavy, and have an appearance ofabundance ; and incomparable lustre,softness and luxuriance, the beautyand shimmer of true hair health.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that y6urhair is as pretty and soft as any thatit has been neglected or injured bycareles treatment. A small trialbottle will double the beauty of yourhair.(adv.)oSCORE DIE IN FILM EXCHANGEEXPLOSION.Between 15 and 20 persons, mostlywomen and girls, were killed andjmore than a score others injured atPittsburg, Pa., when a terrific explosion wrecked a film exchange building at 804 Penn avenue, in thedowntown section of the city. Eightbodies have been recovered from theruins, and firemen, working on theinterior of the structure, report thatmany other bodie's are buried underthe wreckage.The building in which the explosion occurred is a six-story structureand many of those injured receivedtheir hurts by jumping from the upper floors.Many fiermen were injurea, twowhen an extension ladder collapsed,and others by flying glass and fallingwreckage.William Bennett, chief of the firedepartment, went through the ruinedstructure and estimated the loss at$1,000,000.oCATARRH CANNOT BE CURED.Most of the German artillery, aswell as fifty or sixty of the Germanairplanes which are being turnedover to American forces, will be sentto the United States. Plans are being worked out to distribute the cannon to cities about the country asgifts of the government.Soon after the army of occupationreached German soil requests forcannon began arriving from American cities, many of these requestsbeing sent by cable. Among the gunsturned over are two heavy 42 centimeter howitzers with which day after day, the Germans used to poundVerdun and the region where the big.American naval guns were located.Nearly 200 cannon of various caliberhave arrived, but so far only afew have been accepted, and most ofthem have sopie missing parts. Itis undei stood, however, that theparts have been shipped from Germany. One of each type of airplanes inuse in the German army will be sentto Washington to be added to the collection of relics being made by thewar department.&cm&C'Tflttwgjf mMJlPfiftl FN'(111 lIVUULLn oSanitary Meat MarketNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.9seGlee trie ityTor DabtinaIt's the only satisfactory, way.use SetsTor patina ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You k UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.$Sgaitf$ JH1I 5f3XaA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby-having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned 'by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasvure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of -new, inon junction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must purely satisfy you., A phone brings us.. . , ?LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 24with LOCAL .APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat or the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced bv constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actstTironcrh the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhlMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is tcqmposed of some ofthe best tonics known.cdriibined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in. HalJ's Catarrh Medicineis what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions, bendfor testimonials free.- F.' J. CHENEY & CO., ,Toledo, Ohio.Sold byMrugglste, 75c.. Hall's Fapiily Pills for constipation: (Ady. Feb) .oOptimistic ThuhL JHe who reason relet may wit Mfty rule other. ADREADFUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is often followed bya rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes: "Abouttwo years ago my little boy Jeancaught a severe cold and cougneudreadfully for days. . I tried a number of cough medicines but nothingdid him any good until I gave himChamberlain's Cough Repiedy. It relieved his cough right away and before he had finished taking one bottle he was cured. I thik it is justfine for children.o111,688 DEATHS CAUSED BY INFLUENZA WAVE.The influenza epidemic, whichswept the country during the latterpart of last year, caused 111,688deaths in the forty-six largest citiesand increased the combined deathrates for those communities in 1918to 19.6 per thousand, according tostatistics made public by the CensusBureau. Total figures for the country were not available.Baltimore with 26.8 per thousand,and Nashville with 26.4 had thehighest, rates of- the registrationcities, while St. Paul, with 13.9 andMinneapolis and Grand Rapids withfourteen each, had the lowest.Grand Rapids showed the smallestincrease, the death rate for 1917 having bee-n 13.1.There were 442,374 deaths in theforty-six cities, the estimated population of forty-two which aggregated20,514,520. There was no estimateof population for the other four.Deaths from influenza totaled 69,436,with 42,149 from pneumonia.oWhat Canals May Accomplish.It is possible that by the construction of canals we may yet sea the daywhen there will be great fleets awayup in the country where once upon atime the highland clans held sway,where Rob Roy Macgregor raided forcattle and fought with the Clan Macfarlane, and where there Is still theglamor that was thrown over it by thegenius of Sir Walter Scott. If so, itwill be one of the most remarkabletransformations in the history of anycountry.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)TobaccblCottonALLGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPriceTwin Bros.Department StoreS Main and 7th Paris? Ky.Tg.a.'J,mi!tmtrmMTWIfTechnical DescriptionOfifknccMi- fliHlMHBmBII! s9BVBBBnaK(HW - BlUaliRSjBHaDBiBBQi!S9BiuSaEajBBaaaaaBaKaafM.v kw bv " bbbtBbbiS.iBWPBBBiBfHjDHHHHnBHBBajUbMM, - aBBBTBTBTBTBTBTBTBTBTBTBi. GETTING RID OP COLDS.The easiest way to get rid of acold is to take Chamberlain's CoughRemedy., This preperatioh has beenin use for many years-and its aluefully proven. No "matter .what remedy you use,- however, care must betaken not "to contract another coldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one," and there 'is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older should go to bed until fully recovered. It is better eo stay in bedthree days at the start than threeweeks later on.Make Use of OurTraction Express4Ky. Traction Terminal Co;"- y f ri. r-..ji--J -n- - - - "T . . m aMnL id Ua icarijuun uiiLnint;.The Genco Light engine has been EdesignediSandbrought out especially for the duty for which it is used.The first models of the Genco engine have been in operation in the U. S. for over 7 years and are passed theexperimental stage at this time. The engine is of the 4cycle, top valve type. The cooling employed is water,but it will be noted that a radiator is used, which meansthat only 2 gallons of cooling water are necessary. Afterthose 7 years of tests and experiments it has been foundnecessary to abandon the air cooled construction, whichgave fairly good results for the first two years, but whichis not reliable after that time. The crank shaft of theGenco Light engine is counter balanced, and has its flywheel inside of the crank case. It is probably tjie onlyengine in the world having this construction, which ismore expensive, but which avoids vibration, The "crankshaft runs onwhite metal bearings of ample fsize. Infact a study of the size of those bearings -on the crankshaftwill conviheeanybody of the reliable character ofGenco Light construction. The connecting rod beamingon the crank shaft is 1 3-4 inches in diameter by 2 3-&inches Jong. t The main bearings on the crank -shaft are1-1-2 inches in diameter and,3' inches long, which "inakesra total bearings projected area ori the-main bearings of 9square inches.The only manufacturers, of lighting plants in theworld making their-ownerieines; generators and batteries. Which means we will be in business when otherswill be gone.JOHN MERRINGERMLUM1ING, HEATINGPARIS, KENTUCKYiawKS1 NTnTUESDAY. FEBRUARY 4, 1919.THE BOURBOH HEWS, PARIS, XEXTUC&7?AGE SITE'0kmiwafths PERUNi.7K !jrk iS.1 th5 tm 5Breaks upa Cold.Good forBronchialInflammations.gKHvtThoso who object to liquid medicines can secure Peruna TabletsMr. Robert McDougall, R.R. No. 6, Liberty, Indiana,writes:"I wish to state that I alwayskeep Peruna in the house. Ithink it is a good medicine tohave on hand. If I commencetaking a cold, I take Peruna anditpbrealcs it up for me. It isalso good lor the BronchialTubes."Peruna has served the American people for more than forty.years. Those who know its valuealways have it at hand. Whynot you?'RE-EDUCATION OP CRIPPLES."rnraffGES IN PERSONNEL OP APPELLATE COURTFour Judges of the Court of Appeals took the oath of office atyrsnkiort for ful1 terms. HustonQuin, of Xiouisville, was the only newJudge to xaKe nib piace uu cue ueuuu.continuously on the bench for twenty-sixyears, ten years as CircuitJudge and sixteen years as AppellateCourt Judge. If he lives to serve outhis term he will have served on thebench continuously for thirty-fouryears. Judge Thomas is succeedinghimself, and Judge Clarke succeedstoT&e other Judges were re-elected, himself. Both were first electedTndee Quin takes the place of Judge fill out unexpired terms.Mrs. Virgil D. Chandler, of Paris,was the principal speaker recentlybefore the Women's Club at Columbus, Ohio, taking for her subject,"The Re-education of Cripples."Mrs. Chandler was the originator ofthe idea of helping crippled and disabled soldiers to learn a trade or secure an education, so that they mightbe self-supporting after the war.The movement has now assumed nation-widesupport, and is being actively pushed through the country byMrs. Chandler.In this issue, at the request of theRed Cross and the army and navy authorities, as well as the Home Serviceand Civilian Relief branches of theRed Cross, THE NEWS publishes thefollowing text explaining what is tobe done to help the maimed soldier:There has been issued in largequantity for general distribution, bythe Red Cross Institute for Crippledand Disabled Men, a statement onthe provision being made by the various government departments forthe returning disabled soldier orsailor.Skackleford Miller, and is a youngman and very highly regarded as alawyer, not only by .the people ofLouisville, but throughout the State.H is one of the youngest men tot&ke his place on the bench; in fact,one of the youngest ever elected tothe ofilce of Appellate Judge.Other Judges to be sworn in wereJudge W. E. Settle, Judge GusThomas and Judge Ernest Clarke.Judge Settle is entering on his thirdfull term on the bench. He holds therecord iq. this respect, as he is theoaly Judge of the Appellate Courtever to be elected three times in succession for full terms. He has servedFrom County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & Terminal Co.There was a very large crowdpresent at the opening of Court,Judge John D. Carroll, one of Kentucky's most eminent jurists, whohas served on the bench for manyyears, became Chief Justice of theAppellate Court. Although JudgeCarroll has been on the bench for anumber of years his time to serve asChief Justice did not come untilnow, and he has realized his ambition in the judicial department ofthe government. It is probable thathe will announce his candidacy forthe Democratic nomination for Governor in a short time. He has already -sent letters to friendsthroughout the State announcing hisintention to seek the nomination.His supporters are enthusiastic abouthis chances.oT0LL0W-TJP SYSTEM FOR INSTRUCTING ILLITERATES.i iKENTUCKY TRACTION &TERMINAL CO.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Paris Lve. LexinstfonFor Lexington. For Paris.6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.-7:15 a.m. 7:20 a.m.8:15 a.m. 8:50 a. m.9:45 a.m. 10:20 a. m.11:15 a. m. 11:50 a. pi.12:45 p.m. 1:20 p.m.2415 p. m. 2:50 p m.3:45 p.m. 4:20 p.m.5:15 p.m. 6:00 p. m.6:50 p.m. 7:20 pm.815 p. pi. "9:10 p.m.10:05 p. m. v 11:00 p. mDaily except Sunday.Packages handled on all trainsTeaching point of destination before6 pl.m.Baggagetrains.deliveries made on allThe following-up system of education of illiterates begun in the armycamps of this nation will be adoptedin this State. Superintendent V. O.Gilbert, State Superintendent ofSchools, received a letter from AlexisBenkori, who is in charge of the educational work in Camp Sheridan,asking him to notify the teachers andcounty and city school superintendents of 35 men from Kentucky, whohad been piustered out and returned home, that the men should begiven further instruction. Gilberthas the names and addresses of eachof the men and has written to thecounty and city school superintendents urging them to get in touch atonce with the young men and givethem proper instruction. He will require reports from the county schoolsuperintendents of their progress,and will use every means at hand tohelp them not only out of theirthree R's but even higher studies.This system will be invoked by theArmy Y. M. C. A., as the men leavethe capips, so that the education begun in the army camp will be continued, even after the men returnhome.L. and N. Time-Table.(Effective January 15, 1919, at .12:01 a. m.)Wo.Zi1015117403712339"1383839161563213031210209No.34151401710371333129S3399163213131210209156Trains .ArriveFrom ArriveAtlanta, Ga., Daily " 5:19 amRowland, Ky., Dally Except Sunday 7:30 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:50 amMaysville Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'. 7:40 amCincinnati, O., Daily , 10:05 amLexington, Ky., Daily . 10:50 amChicago, 111., Daily 11:02 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 3:10 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . ..".". ." 6:41pmMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.. .. .' . . ., 7:39 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily .. .. . 10:50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily m 11:02 pmLexington, Ky., Sunday only 12:50 pmMaysville, Ky., Sunday only 6:10 pmTrains DepartFor LeaveCincinnati, O., Daily 5:27 amMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:55 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:15 amLexington, Ky., DaiJy- 11:08 amJacksonville, Fla., Dally 11:10 amLexington, Ky., Daily 3j25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 325 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 5:57 pmRowland, Ky., DaHy Except Sunday 6:00 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .. 6:50 fpmCincinnati, O., and Qhl'cagb, 111., Daily .. .1 6:48 pmLexington, Ky., Dally V 11:08 pmAtlanta'Ga., Daily 11:10 PmMaysville, Ky., Sunday only '. 12:55 pmLexington, Ky., Sunday only 6:40 pmCynthiana, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 7:55 pmF. and Q. Time-TahleTRAINS, ARRIVENo."2 Frankfort Ky.,4 Frankfort, Ky.,From Arrive ,Daily Except, Sunday 7:38 amDaily Except Sunday - 5:50 pmWo.33TRAINS DEPART-For u.Fr&nkforti' Ky., .Daily' Except Sunday .Frankfort. Ky., Daily .Except Su' ndayVI - fc V. 1'. .iThe statement is addressed as muchto the public as to the ex-service menthemselves, for it has been found inthe experience of the allied nationsthat public understanding and appreciation is essential to the success oiany government program aimed atthe restoration of the injured to selfsupport. The statement entitled "Facts ofInterest to the Disabled Soldier andSailor" has been approved as to accuracy by the various government departments concerned'The military and naval authoritieswill provide him, not only with ordinary medical care, but also withspecial treatment to put him in thebest condition possible to return towork.While he is under treatment in reconstruction hospitals maintained bythe Surgeon-General, U. S. Army, andthe Surgeon-General, U. S. Navy, hewill be offered educational" advantages, which will promote his recovery, put his time to good use, and improve his chances for the future.I it he, has lost an arm or a leg, atemporary artificial limb will be furnished him at as early a date as possible, while he is still in the hospital.Later a permanent artificial limb ofthe most modern type will be provided by the Bureau of War Risk Insurance. It will be kept in repairand replaced when worn out, as longas he lives, at government expense.After completion of treatment anddischarge from the army or navy, ifhe remain permanently disabled, theBureau of War Risk Insurance willpay him until the end 6 his life disability compensation, which is intended as an aid in working out hisfuture plans.This compensation for disability ispaid whether or nothe has taken outLa policy Ot War XLibR. iuauiav,c.After discnarge irom uie seiviut;.if he is disabled to any considerabledegree so as to be entitled to compensation for disability he is offered training for a skilled job in whichhis injury will not prevent his earnin c crnnd wacres. Experience of ourAllies has shown this to be entirelyCompensation for permanent disability will not be reduced or in anywey be affected by what he may beable to earn. It is determined by hisphysical injury alone. He may haveearned before enlistment $20 a weekand be able after disability, by reason of having taken a course oftraining, to earn ?40 a week, yet hiscompensation will be paid him just.li slhi -Training after discnarge will beprovided him at government expenseby the Federal Board for VocationalEducation, charged by Congress withthe responsibility of restoring him toself-support ,During the course of training, inorder that he may have no' financialworries, he will receive either, thesame pay as during his last month inthe service or his compensation fordisability, whichever is larger. Hisfamily will continue to receive thesame allotment and allowance aswhen he was in the service.It is greatly to his advantage toavail himself of all opportunities oftraining, either before or after discharge. While it may be easy nowfor even a disabled man to get a wellpaid, but temporary job, the laborsituation will be different in theyears after the war when normalconditions return, ir ne warns io oeindependent and self-supporting infuture he must prepare now so matlatpr on he will be a skilled workerand his services will be in demand.When training is completed xnegovernment will find for him a desirable job. This service will be performed for -him by the Federal Boardfnr Vocational Education in co-operation with the United States Employment Service. mDuring the period of training andafter, the American Red Cross,through its home service sections,will look after the needs of his family, and advise on any points in connection witli which it can be helpful.After he returns home and enterson employment the home service section of the American Red Cross willstaaid by as a, big brother to help inany possible way to make successfulhis change from the world of the soldier back to the "world of industryand commerce. In all this work theRed Cross recognizes the leadershipof the government.Employers are giving carefulthought to the selection of jobs inwhich his services can be used to thebest advantage in which he can heH n-oo wa-sres and earn them. Theemployers realize that what he wantsis not charity, but tne- opportunityof self-support.Labor unions are giving thoughtto the ways in which disabled menmay best be replaced in their trades,md are .prepared to assist the readUistmeni to the greatest possible de-' tha neome-of the United States areresolved that he shall have, every ad-every chance to make good- and getback on "his feet.America is looking to her men disabled inthe splendid job overseas to"carry on" after their return home,to continue into civilian life thestandards of self-respect, honor andcourage of the A. E-. F. She is looking to her disabled men to rankamong the most useful and respectedmember of the community.oDON'T SCOLD. MOTHER! THECROSS CHILD IS BILLIOUSFEVERISH.Look at toneue! .If coated, cleanlittle stomach, liver, bowels.Don't scold your fretful, peevishchild. See if tongue is coated; thisis e sure sign its little stomach, liverand bowels are clogged with sourwaste.When listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't care to eat, sleep or act naturally, has stopiach ache, indigestion,diarrhoea, give spoonful of "California Syrup of Figs" and in a few hoursall the foul waste, the sour bile andfermenting food passes out of thebowels and you have a well and playful child again. Children love thisharmless "fruit laxative," and mothercan rest easy after giving it, becauseit never fails to make their little insides clean and sweet.Keep it handy mother! A littltgiven today saves a sick child tomorrow, but get the genuine.. Ask yourdruggist for "a bottle of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs." which has directionsfor babies, children of all ages andfor grown-ups plainly on the bottle.Remember there are counterfeits soldhere, so surely look and see thatyours is made by the "California FigSyrup Company." Hand back withcontempt any other fig syrup.(Adv.). o1Bourbon Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetXIXIKDietetic Habits.Some people seem to think that avegetarian is a curiosity. A roughcalculation shows thnt the populationof the world, now estimated approximately at 1,600,000,000, is said to bedivided as to dietetic habits about asfollows: Strict vegetarians, 250,000,000; practically vegetarians, but eating a little fish or flesh,eating meat about once a week (onhigh days and holidays), 500,000,000;eating meat daily and sometimes morethan once a day, 400,000,000.IXIXOUR WATCHWORD!xIXIXI1I The Bourbon Laundr jrt- :-. rr 1 1 vLvv.v.vJwaviravavBvB,xjlSATISFACTIONWitK all the latest improvements in laundry appliances- and expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Administrationissued by the Postmaster General at Washington, December 13th, a ntwtoll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will hclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:30 s.m. and 8:30 p. m.Night rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for statlon-to-3tation measages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent. Ies3 than any day rate,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be approximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no night rate lesathan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cent,higher than station-to-station rates.Appointment calls shall he approximately 50 per- cent, higher thanstation-to-station calls.Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the appoint-I l. u4'. .lr vn J-v mflflOAUffflt AA4Knnnnnnn . menu ia.tw, iiiuo ajbi. u icoowao . ....tion rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person desiredis not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection la completed within one hour after filing time.THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodic attacks ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting, a sallowskin and dull eyes? If so, you canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid these attacks if you observethe directions with each package.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)W.K?J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerH. CANNON.Local ManagerThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!KM1 I I P5o 0TEVEHYBODT KNOTSWVX-W-HEAD MEANS BUKX-wsrfK-7y 4'7::'$'VVV?2.V"r.V& -V-JT& .:25 m- pmynithin theirr resource .tandRevised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor. Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreements.Three Passenger Open Mo.deLH-Six-44 - $1495Five Passenger Open Model H-Six-45 - - 1495Four Passenger Closed Model H-Six-46 - 1985Five Passenger Closed- Model H-Six-47 - - 2195v Seven Passenger Open Model H-Six-49 - 1785 .' ..Seven Passenger Closed Model H:Six-50 - 2585Buick Motor Company, Elint, MichiganPioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CarsLii .i -jiItJC. . BALL GARAGE&',v-4S'lf-ibKirTt -"j-T. w - .- ...:ifc.k f-'.r.fi' 3r"n SAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, 'PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRIflRT 4, 11 f.- MILERSBJJRG ."",i -H , Aire. J. ve.-,ftlrs. J. tT3. .Martin r.nnHniiestj&bout the same.W Mr. S. M. Allfea is cWfined to bis,6ome with a coW. " , 't) -Mrs. RebeccaSims of Paris,, isiur3ingT Mrs. J. H. Collier. ,, -Mrs. J. H. Collier who is f 11, withJprdnqhial pneumonia, is improving.H Mr. T. H. Thompson, who" is onjfhied to his home with influenza, isable to be out again.i1 Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Chanslor atfended the funeral of their brother-'ia-lanrMr. .Jerry Cole, at Carlisle,fiatui-day morning".'"V ' Messrs. W. DI Mclntyre and G.IaV. Bramblett, who have been confined to their homes with colds, areble to be out again.v There -will be a regular meeting ofmity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M., atfseven-thirty tonight. All membersjare urged to be present.? Mr. "W. B. Butler is in receipt4 ofk German helmet, sent himJby his nephew, Mr. Albert Hawes,rho is now in the army of occupationn Germany.Mrs- Bayless DeBell, of Ewing,"who i4 with her daughter, Mrs. R. M.jCaldwel, was the guest of another(laughter, Mrs. George Jeffereys, atLexington, from Saturday until toiay. J 'FOR SALE. A five-room residence in good condition, with water, Iprchard, garden and stable. For'further particulars call or address3Hr. Harry Fay, Millersburg, Ky.I ' ' (31-4t)The meeting at the ChristianJphurch, which was conducted by Elder Helm, of Parlcersburg, W. Va.,closed Thursday night. Elder Helminade a good impression here, and it isiaopAd tht people of Millersburg mayIiave the pleasure of hearing him onp. return visit.t The stork passed in his flightover Millersburg yesterday morning'andleft a handso,me six pound babyhoy at the home'of Mr. and Mis. Robert Mv Caldwell. The young .man hasbeen. Christened Robert Bayless Caldwell. The News extends congratulations and best wishes to the house-. lipid of Caldwell. May they all livelorig and piosper.The' W. C. T. U., ratificationmeeting at the Methodist church Sundo "i evening was well attended. Theva his states which have ratifiedtlv constitutional ajmendment wererep2sented by young ladies. Mrs.Bauchamp, of Lexington, deliveredthe address of the evening, whichwas "enjoyed by all. Short talks weremade by the local pastors of thetown. The special musical .programwas equally pleasing.' 5HGHTY-FOTJRTH DIVISION 0ITS WAY SOME.I'The 84th Division, in which areseVeral hundred men from Bourbon,county, by the local -draft boards, isreturning to this country fromFr&ace on one or more of the fivetransports which have sailed for theUnited States recently,, according toan Associated "Press report 'just received. This division is cqmposed of troopsfrom- Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana,trained at Camp Sherman and CampTaylor and from his division the following are returning: Twenty-sevenoicrs ,and 288 men from DivisionalHeadquarters; 309 th HeadquartersDetachment Train; 325th, 326th,327th Machine Gun . Battalions;333,rd, 334th, 335th, 336th InfantryRegiments-, 309th Sanitary Train andHeadquarters; 334th and 336th FieldHospitals, an. Ambulance Companies 334th and 336th. All of thesetroops are assigned to Camp Taylorfor demobilization.Thtslst.he second report in thj&U- few days of returning soldiersfrom Paris and Bourbon county, andit is expected, that these men will bedischarged, immediately upon theirarrival at Camp Taylor. f, oXoy&lty is a most admirable traitrhut even the billposters won't alwaysstieS: up for each other.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.A new xecord nvas established onthe Paris market Saturday, whehBiooks and Snapp, farmers, sold acrop of 18, OOQ pounds of tobacco inthe barnrand only partially stripped-out to unaries uoyie. of Bourbon, anduGharles Lang, of Fayette, for the un-preceaentep pricei ovyo cents iromthe ground up. Wagers have beenmade thatUhe crop Hyh'en sold on thebreaks will average 80 cents or better, t . -The week closed Friday on theLPacris tobaccct jdmrket sales totaling1,483,715 pounds, divided as follows':Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company-,1,091,015 pounds, for an average of 544.92; Independent Warehouse Company, 392,700 pounds, foran average, of $47.29. For the season the Bourbon Company has sold5,207,110 pounds fof an average of$40.98, and the Independent Company 2,189,630 .pounds for an average of $39.16. The total amount soldon the market for the season amountsto 7,396,740 pounds. Receipts at theclose -of the week had dwindled perceptibly, owing to the tobacco notbeing in case, making it impossiblefor growers to strip or handle it forthe market.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold at their sale yesterday a totalof 104,925 pounds of tobacco for amoney value of $51,033.08, a flooraverage of ?48.63. The quality ofthe offerings was only medium, withthe market strong on all gradesSome of the tyest crop averages follow: . Palineter' & . McClain, 1,065pounds, average $67.58; Gus Aldridge, 2,185 pounds, average$73.34; Palmeter & Haney, 2,485pounds, average $61.71; Howard &Woodford, 1,830 pounds, average$63.35; E. F. Prichard, 3,340$45.32; Tarr &pounds, average&' Tobin, 1,765$76.96; Blake &pounds, average& Farris, 2,730pounds, averageSweeney, 1,520$46.50;pounds,Toohey,$34.59;pounds,Clayaverage .' 4,500Mitchell'average $50.20; Rogers &Summers, 1,985 pounds, average$60.56; Roy Arnold, 1,195 pounds,average $62.97; Darnaby & Mann,2,060 pounds, average $59.16; Hopkins & Allen 2,4150 pounds, average$44.16; Linley & Grason, 3,515pounds, average $47.62; Judy &Wells, 1,975 pounds, average $61.94;B. Y. Sparks, 2,695 pounds, average$41.95; Brennan & Saunders, 3,520pounds, average $58.42; Brennan &Craven, 885 pounds, average $54.81;Woodford & Case, 3,995 pounds,average $59.44; J. D. Henry, 6,740pounds, average $49.02; Strawder &Ranson, 2,055 pounds, average$39.99; Blake & Toohey, 3,915pounds, average $59.12; Buckner &January, 3,630 pounds, average,$40.62; Roberson & Hudson, 2,280pounds, average $48.25; Henry &Wilson, 3,155 pounds, average!$54.36; Ball & Columbia, 3,745pounds, average $48.04; J. J. Redmon& Martin, 2,025 pounds, average$52.48; Fister & Johnson, 5,725pounds, average $61.68; Wiedemann& Fox, 2,035 pounds, average$46.52; Buckner & January, 3,605pounds, average $41.50.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseComoanv sold Friday, a total of201.000 nounds of tobacco fori$88,409.20, an average of $44.06 perhundred pounds. The following cropaverages were reported:E. F. Poe sold 4,320 pounds, average, $36.80.Soper & .Wasson sold 5,140pounds, average, $61.00.Joe Connell & Johnson sold 3,665pounds, average, $56.04Todd & Hash sold 2,275 pounds,average, $47.78.Talbott & Elam sold 1,965 pounds,average, $52.36.Rankin & Ritchie sold 6,630pounds, average, $41.92.Worthington & French sold 1,355pounds, average, $42.84.Griffith sisters & Caswell sold3,085 pounds, average, $63.99.cSf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY; TUESDAY, FEB. 4AT THE ALAMO ONLYWEDNESDAY,FEB, 5Mary PickfordIN"CAPRICE"Carol Holloway and Antonio Moreno inthe 2nd episode of .55"THE IRONand Pathe Comedy, "She Loves Me Not"Mary Pickfordin "JOHANNA ENLISTS"In this sparkling new Artcraft Picture Mary Pickford plays the part of thelittle country girl who never had a beau,and is dying for one. . Then comes -thecamp and .the beaux, .some picture.,Big V Comedy, ''Traps and Tangles,"and Paramount Plctograph.THURSDAY, FEB. 6-Constance talmadgeIN"A Pair of 'Silk Stockings"story, brimfulA breezy, whimsicalof fun.Also Lyon's and Moran Comedy, "Give;,-Her Gas,"- and Screen Magazine.Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION :....22cGALLERY 15cChidren Under 12 Not Admitted.Vimont & Johnson Bros.v, sold3,565 pounds, average, $45 49.Cain & Johnson sold 2,745 pounds,average, $36.54.Layson & Riggs sold 3,870 pounds,average, $68.73.Bryan & Shepherd sold 2,960pounds, average, $53.68.Collier Bros, sold 4,575 pounds,average, $41.48.W. H. David sold 1,330 pounds,'average, $36.37.Mrs Farris David sold 350 pounds,average, $46.17.Wilson &Sebree sold 960 pounds,average, $44.44.Henry & Swim sold 2,120 pounds,average, $38.62.E: S. Terrell sold 2,270 pounds,average, $35.35.Hedges & Bell sold 3,585 pounds,Todd & Gilvin sold 3,275 pounds,average, $50.56.Marshall & Moreland sold 5,92fpounds, average, $64.44.J. A. Hickey sold 2,520 paunds,age, $60.10.Winn Hutchcraft sold 8,580 pounds,average, $44.81.Snell & Smith sold 5,410 pounds,average, $64.98.Kuster & Feeback sold 3,345pounds, average, $46.02.Miller & Crump sold 3,165 pounds,average, $61 97.Kuster & Kiser sold 2,895 pounds,average, $30.50.Bryan & Henry sold 6,220 pounds,average, $38.83.Henry & Sosby sold 2.830 nounds.average, $36.25.Koseberry & Frank sold 3.200pounds, average, $50.57..Florence & Cravens sold 3,58opounds, average, $59.30.Wagoner & Dalzell sold 4.425pounds, average, $35.73. 'Oiay & Beatty sold 6.455 nounds.average, $60.10.DODOGS EVADE THl!GRASS SECTION?The new dog license law is keepingpart of the Agricultural Departmentbusy these days supplying tags,licenses ancl information.County Clerks are asking for hundreds more tags than the County TaxCommissioners reported tfogs lastyear, but aside from Clark countythese requests are Hmited to Westernand Eastern Kentucky counties.Central Kentucky and the Bluegrass appear to be 'comparatively freefrom dogs, judging from.jmodest reports made by' the clerks.County Clerks in many instancesapparently have misconstrued thelaw and believe lic&nse tags cannotbe issued after January 1. Thelicenses can be issued at any time,and the Clerks have nothing to dowith the penalty for failure to securelicenses.That is the Sheriff's duty and forthe first year they are urged to belenient, provided delinquents securetheir licenses when warned.Construction of the provision thatdags running at large, not chaperoned by their owners or keepers, can betaken up or killed, is causing sometrouble.Miss May Frederickson, daughterof Mr. Denny Frederickson, of r nearCenterville, recently sold her crop of960 pounds of tobacco a'nd receivedthe high average of $71.50 per hun'1red pounds for the crop, all of whichwas raised by her.CONVERTED FURNACES NOTSUITABLE FOR NATURAL GASIUIIIIUIHIinHHHWWtiHH44lmHHmt1. -!-.v'Ii: The J- T. Hinton C(hUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSParis Ky...Main'andSlKthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 286Motor-equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with-. jLffinrmiifv invaiiu vvviiaA-' ' Hearse used for funeral purposes only. -rj ,v -our tflBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalIn issuing an order that all wastage of natural gas is to be reportedto the Government, the NationalFuel Administration pointed to Louisville as an example of a city wherewasteful practices in the use of thiscommodity were indulged in. -When the supply of natural gasfailed at Louisville last winter, saysthe Fuel Administration, it wasfound that 1 9-10 per cent, of theconsumers were using 30 7-10 percent, of the natural gas. This was'due in part to the consumption ofnatural gas in converted or coal furnaces, which, according to fuel officials, is a wholly improper appliance for burning natural gas.The Public Utilities Commission inthe different cities are now recognizing this, they point out, and are prohibiting the use of natural gas inI appliances not primarily constructedfor such use.The order which has just beenJissued by the Fuel Administrationreads as follows: --"It shall be deemed wasteful toburn natural gas by means of na,ni-beaux of open lights; to burn natural gas for the purpose of outsidelighting during daylight hours; toburn natural gas in inefficient appliances; to burn more natural gas thanis reasonably necessary for the purpose which it is intended to serve; orto consume natural gas in any othermanner which is not reasonably efficient and economical. Licensees arehereby directed to report to theUnited States Fuel Administration,all cases where consumers persist! inthe wasteful use of natural gasBLUE BUREAU OF CENSUS ISSUESTOBACCO STATEMENT.The Department of Commercethrough its Bureau of Census hasmade public its official statement asrequired by the Cantrill Tobacco Lawshowing the number of pounds ofleaf tobacco in the hands of the manufacturers and dealers in the UnitedStates.This report is very encouragingfrom the standpoint of the tobaccogrower and thoroughly justifies thehigh market which is prevailingespecially on -the Burley type of tobacco. The Cantrill Tobacco Law requires ,sworn reports made byevery manufacturer and dealer andtne reports made on January 1st showthat the stocks of tobacco of alltypes grown in the United States arepractically the same as last year,but the report further shows that sofar as the white Burley stocks areconcerned that there is a treimend-OUS shortaee of TJnrlAV tnhannnThe report just issued shows that Ithe manufacturers and dealers havein stock ffty million pounds less ofBurley tobacco than they had on Jari1 st, 1918. In fact, during the sevenyears that the Cantrill Tobacco Lawhas been in force, the stocks of Bnr-The purpose of the provision, it is ley Tocco are greatly less than theyexplained, is to prevent the running hav bee at any time since the lawat large of dogs which migJt destroy haeenf1,J effect- . . , .property or injure livestock. I The statement just issued shows. , . . . . , that the manufacturers and dealers$,$?!! 7 rVnSti!nCe simpIn January 1st had only 13,000,000taking the air and attending to!pounds of Burley on hand whereashis own business, is not game for any on January 1st, 1918 they had 177,offlcer, provided the dog wears the00o,000 pounds, and on January 1st,tag- " j 1917 had 188,000,000 pounds, so it is,Curfew sounds for the dog, how-J very evident that the demand byever, at sundown, and from that the consumers of tobacco has beentime until sunup he must keep within steadily increasing for the Burleybounds, else the "goblins will get type and consequently the stocks inhp1-" the hands of the manufacturers andVI dealers have been steadily decreasinguiiui tneir stocKs are lower than evenin the history of the tobacco market.This makes it very evident that thehigh prices now being paid for Burley tobacco will continue, and in factit would not be surprising if priceswent still higher.The Cantrill Tobacco law hasbeen in effect now seven years andthe statements made by the Burleyof Census under that law are accepted by the entire tobacco trade of theUnited States as being thoroughlycorrect, and the statement issuedis certainly very encouraging to thegrowers- of tobacco in the UnitedStates and especially to the growersot the Burleytype.oBIRTHS.Near Clintonville, to the wife ofMr. Wm. R. Stipps, twin sons. MrsvStipps was formerly Miss MaryBoone, of Frankfort.In Millersburg yesterday to thewife of Mrv Robert M. Caldwell, ason, weight six pounds. The youngheir has been Christened RobertBayless Caldwell. Mr. Caldwell isthe Millersburg representative andcorrespondent of The News.Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONI Ky. Traction & TerminalCo;.;1 unloading"!Clearance Sale!KENTUCKY TRACTION &TERMINAL CO.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. ParisFor Lexington.6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p.m.3:4 5 p. m.5:15 p.m.6:50 p.m.8:15 p. pi.10:05V p.m.Daily except Sunday.Packages handled on all trainsreaching point of destination before6 p. m.Baggage deliveries madeLyc LexingtonFor Paris.6:00 a.m.7:20 a. mv8:50 a.m.10:20 a.m.11:50 a.px.1:20 p.m.2:50 pm.4:20 p.m.6:00 p.m.7:20 pm.9:10 p.m.11:00 p. mRegardless of the prevailing high prices ofshoes we are compelledto unload and put onsale our high grade ofWomen's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking . Marked Down Prices. Allbroken and discontinued lines at1-2 PRICEand in many instances even less. -Just a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down Prices$3.45Ladies' , Grey Boots, Louis heel,-best quality, all sizes, $5.95 valLadies' Mahogany English or Louis HeelBoots, with cloth tops to match, o at5.00 values, at v po.zRJLadies' Mahogany tan English4 a j-ABoots. $6.00 values, at pt.OU.Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid ; qtops. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at.. S0.JDLadies'. Black English or Cuban o qaHeel Boots, $4.00 values, at ty&.WLadies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Broken Sizes,Men's Dark Tan English$6t00 values at$1.95$4.50-$4.95Men's G. M. English .Walk-Over o Aand other famous makes, $4.50 val.S540Men's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J. 0 Arkmakes, $4.00 values, at 3Z,4!fBoys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- i picues at $ 1 SIDon't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.. Sale Now Going On.DANton all, 'J j -Paris' Greatest Shoe5StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy, Reign (1trains.T- IIc.xl&fij..iS IHltlllMHI I nyfri MH n iw, f .4. '-'- i