'-:.r&v-1r"-"-v-H--1--v-lrsv V4.-.iPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY 'AND FRT-VY IN THE YEAR."'VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, MARCH 14, 1919XjLyBOURBONTHEmlwdsTr7. &CM"9unX - i4,t" sCOUNCIL PROCEEDINGSfThere was a more harmonious andbusiness-like meeting than usual, ofthe Council in the Council Chamberin the City Hall last night, MayorJanuary presiding, with a full membership present. The minutes of thetwo preceding special meeting wereread and adopted.The Improvement Committee wasAuthorized to purchase needed partsfor the steam drill used atthe cityrock quarry.f 'yIN THE SERVICE OF THfcTRCOUNTRY.'Private S. O. Buchanan has returned to Camp Dix, in New "Jersey,after a week's visit to his ' father,Mr. Wm. Buchanan, near Clintonville. 'BOURBON OIL x EXCHANGE TOOPEN TO-MORROW.The room in the Kreiner building,The Barrow Base Hospital Unit. . . - !. rv T -I1 1 ..V. D. McGoldrick, who is at pres- po. u, or wmcn several jraru uujaent in Danville, was elected to sueceed Ullman Lancaster as Chief, ofthe Fire Department, by a vote whichat first was a tie, Councilman Veatchdeclining -to vote, requiring the vojteof Mayor January to decide. Thosevoting nay were Councilman Arkle,derringer and Christman, the. ayesbeing Cpuncilmen Doyle, Kiser andNichols. Paul Brannon and J. F.Napier were elected as firemen tosucceed the late incumbents, JamesDokenbrodt and Ed. Myers.Retiring Fire Chief Lancaster addressed the Council, stating that hewould assist the firemen until hisI .n A tiniar! o -mcvmViAra aoilofl TfTnCfcllU UUIOCD aiC MlllllUMXa, OUtllU. ..England Tuesday for New York. TheUnit will come to Camp ZacharyTaylor, fog final discharge.BANQUET AT THE CHRISTIAN. CHURCH .TO-NIGHT. ,t ."On with the feast, let joy be un-confined," will be the motto at the1 recently vacated by the Bourbon ReChristian church to-night, when alty Co. and the A. J. Feensurancehundreds of members and friends of agencyas been leased by Mr. Johnthe churclr will, gather in the church M. Stuart and associates, and hasparlors to partake of the "abundance .bejen fitted up as an oil exchange forof good things' to be spread before the purpose "of tradingNin Kentuckythem. The occasion will be the ban- j oil stocks. The rooms will open forauet to be given by the Adult De- , business to-morrow, Saturday, Marchpartment of the Sunday School, coni-4l5th.posed of the Men's Bible Class, the I ;Large blackboards have been inWomen's Bible Class, Mrs. T. M. . stalled for the listing of the variousFunk's Bible Class, the class of young lofl stocks inL which the Exchange pro-Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Clay received a message Wednesday 'fromtheir son, Private Douglas M. Clay,stating he had arrived at Camp Sherman, near Chillecotlje, O., where hewould remain until mustered out ofthe service, and would then return toParis. Private Clay recently arrivedin New York from overseas duty withthex Barrow Base Hospital Unit No.40 at Sarisbury Court, near Hants,men under the tutelage of Mr.-J). D.Cline, and Mr. A. L. Boatrlght's classof young men and women.This banquet has been an established feature of the Church for manyposes to deal. Mr. Emmett Redmon,for several years connected with aprominent brokerage firm in thePhoenix Hotel, at Lexington, hasbeen engaged as caller, and will beyears and with its annual recurrence on hand at each session for the pur-successor arrived, and that he would ! England. "Doug" says all the UnitAinstruct, the men and answer cansfor fires. He also recommended' that !dry batteries bepurchased for thefire wagon, stating that the life ofbatteries were something like eigheeen months, and that the presentones had been in use for over twoyears.Councilman Merringer, in a neataddress, complimented the work ofthe retiring firemen and commendedthe spirit that prompted Mr. Lancaster in offering his services to thecity as a hold-over official until hissuccessor took hold. He stated thatthe men had been faithful in doingthe duty required of them, and thatthey had done extra service whichhad saved the city considerable expense. By a unanimous vote theCouncil endorsed Mr. Merrlner's address; which 'was made a .record ofCouncil proceedings.Councilman Veatch .called attention to the "fact that rock from thecity rockquarry was being sold,when they were needed for use jmthA citv streets (to whichever citimi in Paris will agree that they Jare badly needed.) Mr. George W.Stuart addressed the "Council on thematter, and stated that most of therock sold, or .at least which his firmwill soon be home "again.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, of Paris, was.gladdened recently by the appear-ance of her brother, Mr. Revell H.jWhitridge, who has been on -the bat-tlef ront in France for several months.Sometime ago" THE NEWS publisheda letter from Xiucien Arnsparger, ofParis, in the Army Ambulance Corps,in which lie gave details of bringingMr. Whitridge from the battlefield tothe Army Hospital, where hi corpswas,, stationed. Whitridge waswounded twice, gassed, and was suffering from "she'ir-shock." He willrecuperate in and around Paris, andwhen fully recovered will resume" hisold position withax Cincinnati wholesale house:Here's a characteristic letter fromformer "Empire" J. 'Monroe Sweeney, of Paris, now Ensign J. MonroeSweeney, of the United States Navy,stationed on the flagship, "Pennsylvania' in Cuban waters. 'Monroe,he says, writing under date of March6, from Guantanamo, BayvCuba:rt-r -NTPrws: I have only - receive a few copies-of THE NEWStAPTi nown liexcthere comes a feeling of good cheer, Icomradeship and fellowship thatsends a fellow's spirits right up tothe melting point and he couldn't bea' grouch, if he tried ever so hard.The tables will be set in the parlorsof the church, anu good cheer willreign in abundance. A good time isassured all who attend, and all whoattend will be sure to have a goodtime, if they even only half try. Acordial and hearty welcome will beextended, and ' if anyone x' 'among'those present" fails to have a goodtime, it will be because of bad digestion, or poor molars. N Get ready,all.ye!The following invitation explainsthe "aim's and objects"-of the banquet, which will no doubt, be one ofthe most successful of the many similar events given in the church:"TIia Arhilt Denartment of theParis Christian Church SundaySchool, composed of the, Men's Class,the .Women's -Class, Mrs. Funk'sClass of Young Ladies, and Mr. D. D.Cline's Class of Young Men and Mr.Boatright's Class of Young Men andLadies, will give a banquet in thechurch parlors, Friday evening at7:30 o'clock, March 14. .All whoare now, or ever have been enrolledin n.nv of these classes, are invitedand expected o be present on thisoccasion. Good speakers, plenty toeat. A real gopd time is assuredand it is hoped that all who can possibly attend vill do so."The following program has beenarranged:"Building Up the Adult Departpose'of announcing the puts and callsip. the trading circles. The sessionswill all be open call, and will be heldWednesday and Saturday eveningsat 7:30 p. m.The Exchange will be under thedirect supervision and managementof Mr. John M. 'Stuart, of Paris, whohas-been one of the prime movers inthe promotion of the project, andwhose hustling qualities and wellknown salesmanship and acquaintance with oil stocks will bring hi3clientele an assurance of honorableand, fair business treatment. Thestocks of all the most prominent Kentucky oil companies will be found onthe board at the new Exchange, andit goes without saying that the newconcern will start business with agood patronage.'THE NEWS wishes the new firmmuch success.ciTifp i nave.ortoiniv Ho miss the; good old paper.Yrtn,'n oH-a-n n-fnTr-RlidTe8S' tOtfcO'OfiCwas buying, was being used to build- .en previouBiy. . .We .are beingpavements which tended jto beautify uged down here as 'spotters' with theand improve the city. It was finally fleetf and Uke it alngnt, out niubtdecided that no more rock should be admit it seems more le home thesold except upon the oraer oi uicMayor or at least one member of theImprovement Committee. The pricewas ordered raised from' $1.50 to2.00 perload.Councilman George Doyle reportV ed a request from the Massie' Memorial Hospital for a donation for useof the institution. The Council af0 ter mature deliberation decided toNmake a donation of ?500 to the Hospitals Several building permits were' granted and bills -allowed;"i- v B0TTRB0N dRCUTT COURT,v 'Petit -'juries were" empaneledsworn in and excused until Wednesday morning, after the March' termof thelBourbon Circuit Court re-convened Tuesday mornings '' -The -case of Oscar Johnson, underdeath-sentence for" killing WalterRice iii this city, was taken up bythe 'Court, on a motion pending fora "new trial. Witnesses on both sidesji were heard by the Court and 'the-0 case was passed until Tuesday, March18, when other testimony and arguments will be heard and the casefinally submitted. The case ofJohn Henry Harp, charged with thekilling of Oscar Willoughby, near OldUnion,- was assigned for a hearingon thepsame day.After 'finding true bills in butseven cases, the grand jury, whichhad been empanneled and sworn inon Monday, made its final reportWednesday afteVnoon. T?his- is saidto have been the shortest session, v ever held byN a grand, jury in the, , Bourbon Circuit Court.The equity docket was called bys . . Judge Stout when Court reconvened.After the motion hour the petit juf-' ore were excused amtfl. next Tuesdaymorning. The civil actions 'of Chas.S. Brent & Bro: vs.' Western Union-Telegraph Co. and Edsell Olark vs.Julian Rogers, were assigned for trial'for MarcTi 20.' The 'case of Clarke &Young 'vs.- S. L. Lapsley was set fortrial March 25.-' Court -was fthen' ad-Journen4 ;until Thursday rinorning. ' ,' ;; j o " 'nKGPORT of henry saxe;'.BASKET BALL TOURNAMENTOn March 14 and 15 Paris is tohave the unique distinction of entertaining-'the first girls' basket balltournament in Kentucky, The pri'mary motive actuating the efforts ofthose who have arranged the tournament has been to raise the standardsof girls athletics. Too long havethey been given a secondary placeand their games treated as preliminary events." ""It is significant that Paris shouldtake the lead in this matter when weconsider the splendid record hergirls' team has made this year.The regular schedule closed Fridaynight when the local quintette defeated Lexington High by a score oftwenty-four to twenty-twa. Andthis was 'but an echo from the othergames, for the Paris High girls werebeaten only once this season, andthat was by Maysville on their floor.And what do all of these victoriesmean? They mean that our own P.H. S. holds the girls' championshipfor Central Kentucky.Invitations to the tournament havebeen sent t6 about ten teams and thefollowing 'have accepted: Lexington High, Winchester High, ClarkCounty High and Georgetown High.They will assemble Fjriday morningand the games will begin at twoo'clock that afternoon. The numberof events will depend on how manyteams come, but the final contest willtake -place Saturday night. Suitabletrophies will be awarded the victprs.This will be an xepocn-maKingevent in the history of athletics forhigh school girls and the promotorsare confidently expecting the support of all the patrons and friends ofthe school and the sport..TOBACCO MARKETS""rThe Bourbon Tobacco WareboueCompany sold yesterday 2S.51pounds of tobacco for $8,182.8, anaverage of ? 3 0.40. The marketshowed more strength yesterday thamat any recent sale. Some crop arages follow:Weatherall & Wilson, 3,31pounds, average $48.64. -Ccott & Shanks, 1,645 pounds average $42.17.Jesse Scott, 3,800 pounds, averajs$30.30.Burris & Wasson, 4,890 pounds,average ?31.72..The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold .Tuesday 65,205 pouaiof tobacco for 120,021.72, an Twaof ? 3 0.70. The quality ofWNriawas somewhat above that 6f-J4y.Market unchanged. The followiljrare the crop averages: 'Thomas & Bradley sold 3.015pounds, average $4T.2JL 'Gay & Hensley sold 10,425 pound,average $42.9.Gllllspie & Mason sold 1,830pounds, average $37.6-9..Lindsey & Grayson sold 2,985pounds, average 34.75Thurman Hinkle solC.T40 pounds,average $32.36.Mason & Gillipsie sold 3.2S&pounds, average $31.85.Terrell & Prather sold 3,250pounds, average $3.5.72.OHIO, NOW IN GEIP 02 .THDO)IXTJ EPIDEMIC. ,Ohio is in the third grip of influenza, Health Commissioner A. W.Freeman has recently so declared.Arrange feature about it, he said,is the severity of the attacks. Whilenot so nearly so virulent as in theOctober epidemic, the. cases are moresevere than in December, he said.The death rate is higher per number o cases than Jn December, hef T.fn-D: Oartrieht. State Bible said, although the number o casesSuperintendent. . . axe fewer. ' Persona attacked, 'there aI - V- - - II I t . - A .2mmr '"The -SociaT'Life of the Class;'-', , fdreTshQuTd" taKe- -wuion usaumDean T. B. McCartney, Transylvania pneumonia. Dr. Freeman urges.,University. mnry -hniiovoB this mav beXJl. J? 1 ITCUlt uv. . vw --V' Auctioneer George D. Speakes conducted 'the public . sale-pf livestock,crop, etc., belonging to- Mr.1 EmmettHenry, on the premises 'near Black'sCross Roads, Tuesday. Horses soldfrom $100 to $200 er head;a,pairof mules brought $385 ; sows witffplgsky their :sides bought-from $53to $85; shoats, $10- per head; chfek--ens, $1.35 each;, lopse hay, $23 per-Cton. Mr. 'Henry. has .purchased? a,1ome,a.t. the corei:otSeVenth xnin ;m Fergusontatmosphere along the east coasi,than in Florida. It continues hothere and getting hotter. t The therTrnmftter here registers about ninetydegrees every day.' Last week wewere on a cruise in the , CarnbeanSea and thereabouts, maneuvering,torpedo drill, defense drill, destroyerattacks and-sub attacks. This weekis target, practice, and next, week weget tostay in port, allthe week, itbeing 'athletic week."! am very sorrythey non't .devote more time to ath-letics. " -"The Pennsylvania is leading Inthe -baseball series, "as she has- notlost a game, and the prospects aregood.for her winning the championship. Rabbit Marrinville ; and TodSloan are members of the team.Tennis and swimming are 'also ini..i" a. ; Mv stock in swimmingfell considerably'.the. other day whenJthe boys from the Arizona b -shark,but so far the sharks have notmade any. raids on the swimmers Iiruess its best not to d prea MT : -, f,nca raids should be made.The natives here'are strong) chick,en fights.. The galloping. Africandominoes have also found their wayt0mCuba -and they consUtutone ofthe ravoritfi pastimes. A .Would nicet7get a chtnee to go up toHamahutVdon't see-much cliance, as it issix hundred miles northwest of here.We could' at least find some . Amerlcans there, and, from all descriptionstt must be a Such nicer place thanof -anyone coming down thi way tellthem not to fail to pay a visit to HavaIaMany tourists there from allpafts of tSe world, including Ken-' tu; -., 'nf mv highestesteem anT STthe best of goodwished to all the force I hope to re-main, . t m-Very Sincerely,"Ensign J. Monroe Sweeney,"U. S. S. Pennsylvania, ,"Care Postmaster, y Y. -, ..OBKER' PABK HA , WOtlOTED;Capt' John Seamond, who wasformany years a popular passenger conductor, on this division of Cto l. it P- ATocf)V1 P. WH.a BUWK ..wounded recently at TucBon, Arirjzona, by. a demented' tnan, who wasshot and kiliea'by the police.- -Gapt, Seamond was for many yearspresident pf arismaking his homewLth Mr. and Mrs.Samu61 Ewalt.i -j- arfrA nf a passengertrain on thV Southern Pacific ;roa;XrittkmnlW-to Quiet-the- "bttg?:Z--l'ii i "tifew6un'd ir'not.'Winning Men ana women w i.. . . vonri11,pJtftftnce Gf the diseaseuntil next fall. Continued warmA. W. Fortune,Bible Class," Prof.Bible College."(Bring'this program' with you.)" j wipe out the epidemicweather, he predicts, practically willWE KNOW HOWSpring: Showin,ofManhattan and Wilson Bros.'CelebratedShirtsyExclusive patterns are now on display foryour inspection. You will find the most completeexhibit of fine shirts ever shown in thiscity t purstore shirts'of fine-Madaas, Percales, MercerizedFabrics, Crepe Silks and Linens; soft cuffs andstiff, any size, any length sleeves, many desirablepatterns m plaids, stripes and solid colors.$1.75 to $10Great interest iselng shown inthe Basket .Ball Tournament by theparticipants and those who expect tobe spectators. Six teams in all willbe represented, Maysville being thelast to accept the invitation. 'Thefirst games will begin at three o'clockFriday, but the visitors will reachxur city in the morning The teamswill draw for places and opponentsafter they get here g$g. jgnagames will be between the two teams-who have oiot been defeated in thegames on Friday and Saturday afternoon. Every effort is being put forth Jtomake this event a "success. It 1s theinitial step -in-what wW -prove ofgreat benefit "to girls' athletics, especially in high schools ;that is acloser co-operation of officials andteam members. It' will mean thestandardizing of rules of play, andtjie setting of a higher value ongood.clean sport.SPRING STYLES INSTETSONATSAND AND IMPORTED BARSAUNOSare now on display7.00 tp $10.00.i--lJI1lk..4 .iv,Vrfitfa'i&i say -he will e-' JJtf ,, rit''Zvstreeta ani m. -j8i'to frrsvrr -r '-, v j a: .j aih - f-y 'IMWMpiMiMITCHELL BLAKEMORENetUetvn Shoeslit- Reed's Cjjsbion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts- --" "making a -total of 14 points xo nercredit.Edith Harper, Irene Alexanderand Mamie L. Baldwin kept the Iex-Ington girls on the move, never letting the opponents free for a- moment. The last five minutes was intensely interesting, as Lexingtonwould-score, Paris would put oneover the top. Valette McClintockthrew four goals, one' in the firsthalf and three in the last half.Lexington scored twenty-twopoints, but Paris would not be beatenand the last few seconds Paris jmadethe score 24 by two shots from Capt.McClintock, thereby, winning theState Championship of Kentucky.The Paris High -School has heldthe championship of Girls' BasketBall terns for eight consecutive years.Some record for Paris!,The Bourbon , Tobacco "Warehouse,Company sold at their sale "Wednesday a total of 59,530 pounds of to-bacco for It money value of ?1 8,803.82, an average of $28.22. Some individual crop averages follow: -Burroughs Bros., 1,665 pounds, arerage $43.12.Payne Ewalt, 2,600 pounds, average $39.82.Minnie L. Butler, 3,260' pounds,average $37.41. SWeil & Breeze, 3,550-poundi, av-'erage $36.58.. Shropshire & Bays, 1,68? pounds,average $33.63. "Ritchie & Ritchie, 1,685 pounds;average $23.06. 'R. M. Gilkey,-815 pounds, aver-ge $32.6 Vn.iiox oc -iveuney, 3,003 puuuus, '-.erage $32.37.Clarke & Dale." 5,505 pounds, average $31.45.Leer & Conway, 5,545 pounds,average $31.19.Ritchie & Ritchie, 2,280, oui,average $31.04, JiNOTES FROM THE Y. M. C. A.(Contributed)On the Lexington High.Schqol gymfloor' last Friday night the two lead-ing teams of Kentucky met to'win orloose the Girls Championsnip;The game was fast and roughfrom siart to finish. The Lexingtongirls' thought" they had won thegame when the whistle blew at theend of the 'first half, when the scorestood 14 to 11 4n Lexington's favor.- Fight, fight, fight was the cry ofthe Paris .rooters when the whistleblew calling the two teams for thelast half of the game.tjhTav reidAr . nnre shot, threwfive' field foals and four foui goals, JY. Mv C. A-. Building until he-canA free employment bureau for tnebenefit of discharged soldiers arfdsailors ha3 been established hy theBourbon County Y. MC. A., and already several newly-made civilianshave been supplied .with positions"through its agency.A soldier or sailor applying for, aposition reports, to Secretary ZLWilcox, or to Assistant Secertary "OL. Davis. These gentlemen ascertain the kind of work "the apltffcanthas been, doingr and then'get ia.touch with employers who aremomtlikely to have 'these -kind of. Jobopen. - ,In addition to this any man In auniform is given free lodging-in thfind Tvork.' Arrangements hav aJobeen made with the local ticketagency of the Louisville, & NaahTilleto take care of all soldiers "who -ar-rive in Paris after theY.L. C.-'A.building has been closed, for 4keevening. A special room in -tha dormitory has been provided for amysoldier who may arrive on the.-fastnight train and they will be gtvettfree, use of it for the night. . -Ie4?BOURBON HORSES EHTERED. INHINTA STAlUib.'- The following Bourbon countyhoresmen have declared nominationsfor entries in the big $2,000 HintaStakes, which is to-be competed forat the-Kentucky Association track,meeting' on" April 26:-Robert C. Frakes Anna Sweep,bay filly by Sweep Miss imyar,J. -Hal Woodford-Mamie Kelley,chestnut" filly, by Marta Santa Rose Iof Pink.tfohn T. Ireland Brown filly byRochester-SeaMlst.- Mr. -Z. I?. Wilcox, secretary ofaheY. M. C. A., is teaching the cbldren of the city and county, schoolsthe games that are being used, infhearmy for the physical training ofUncle Sam's 'soldiers. These laepoaeare proving immensely popular wjththe children, and will h& a means, ofbenefitting them physically.. ,Thgames were recently demonstratedto the teachers .o, the; schools at avmeeting held in the Y. M: ,Q,,A.: -rEXTENSION RULE kADJj'OIC TAXEXEMPTI01W. " : -.J--ttr-An -important .extension of, Uw exemption provisfon of the imeoM- xlaw is contained in a ruUas y Commissioner Roper made puWic. I-iB.,that the exemption forwiwor Mdf-: ,nren covers the whole jar-lSlt,even if-the wife-were wei.'orUchild born on the last 'day at tb "-year, . - ' ' - f x.In making the announcemt Julius Smietanka, .Collector ofiliHirailfVTATX r. kAILROAD ..WRECK DE- Revenue for:tiehicagriftrit;i-, , LAYS TRAFJK1U.- The engine drawing train 'Ko. 4pfjnorthbound from Paris to Cincinnati, spilt a-swltch Tuesday mornlr,In, -Oie. Duncan avenue cut The enr?o raa-' derailed, delaying 'traffic8veral;Jiours No, ope. was h'uVt:-.Wrecklng trains ,.8oqn;.cierea' -ihwtrack.s- ;The damagedengine iraa sensi-4V fkra 01 Ana ' ftTP 'YfTiac.TH - . -to the Paris shops for "repairs:plained that while the ralia j irorkRa saying foremen earmiK $2,ftW-a'year -who married dtffiajr ItlirItwork3 against men wbd'.ibiiYe-lost.their wives In tae CQUTsaof-thiyaarwfor kx' the latter csberlMMMrfMBIfthelifife died 0 Imbrlr tbp.-iib-werwould have to maX4 hi t-turiais'-tht--of ariiW',Mm for-thtWte year. I Thi- l- trallir-'whe a chili dif,W MH;J-'-rlII- "--Pariswrewfte,. , . : ,.j. -?:?-Trfer; v . " v '. .- ,jT - - k Arvvcir m hiu. - -e. iHOTiys.3-Vif r.Af. .. i ... . .arm-. . ta .. J'S. .- . . jt.! . . ".. . airV. ,.X,. . ftb m tt-- i.-i 1&,HFAGE TWOJUE BDURBON 1WSkWished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationMjlished Every Tuesday and Fridayr Year.. $2.00 8 Months. .$1.00Payable In Ad&vance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.phtered at the Parts, Kentucky,- FMtofflce as Mail Matter of the''Second CLaai.)f'Aay erroneous reflection upon theMfrfi'&ar itandlng or reputation ofi-fciwon? firnrorcorporation whichpiky 'appear ' to the columns of THE0URBON NEWS will ba gladly corM6tod If brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESt'tfDteftay Advertisements, fl.00 pertack lor first time;-50 cents per inchjMtofc-tsubsequent insertion.c i&padlng Notices, 10 cents per linetMsiMBe;- reading notice-in blackj,4eiiU per lime, aach Issue,v Caris of tkanks, rcalls on candiataa,obituarleaii4' resolutions, andjjimiiaxy matter, 10 cents per line."'Saackal rates for .large advertiseiaeati and yearly contracts.' The right of publisher is reseivedAtv-daoline any advertisement or other'matter for publication.Announcements for politioal officesMust invariably be accompanied by. tha cash.fiEDITORIAL MUSINGS..-The Passing of The'Bube"Almost anyone can remember. when the boys of the town used to-iiiaicule the boys from the farm, calling them "clod-hoppers," "hayseeds,""rubes" and "country Jakes."It is rare that we hear such ex'pressions now, isn't it?The "hayseed" has passed on. InhXs stead we have a rural businessnvji, a student, a country gentle-r fe who know intimately thea f aTaers around Paris, know a mane awhbse dres3 is not greatly differentfrom the dress of the average busi'mesa 'man or mechanic. This man's-oe. drives his automobile as skillfully as the son of the city banker-'Ttttd wi,th far better judgment, as atmIb His daughter can dance as well. fnot as often -and as long as thepampered girl of "society." His wife1" c&4 belong to clubs and yet she cancook.And -the man with a "scheme" haslearned that the farm district is notthaeasy thing as in the-old days..abor on the "" farm is not theltiavy drudgery it used to be, and theJtxys of the farm, to-day may attendfAd do attend our best schools andcolleges.h The telephone keeps the farmer inally touch with the markets and hisBfewurer of Counterfeits !rSome are Talcum Powder.v Til mi n'W'Biyef Tablets of "Aspirin."Quick Relief with' Safety tFor HeadacheEicache -w?oothache-ColdsGrippe.Influenzal ColdsNeuritisLame Back'Joint-PainsPain! Pain!l3mbagqRheumatismw" Adults Take one or twow tibiets anytime, with water. Ifh accessary,' repeat .dose threeRmes i day, after meals.Tw Bi4ie, ordinal introduction ofJj.jmaTjLl)lnhr nf Aspirin" million ,vptft ftfcois of few gfloulna febraim SMWv'Wm prowHwdi by phyrf-...f.P yau -f-j.'iuu by. ibe people eabh"' jir,lfecrfoctifeitr-Buyoaly' "Byer"p&oksget.Lmltfa.tt tie trade mirk of Brr ManufaeiSJc wceucacidetr oC SahcjrlieacidAfc for and' Insist' Upon .Byr Tablet of Aspirin."'Aitowfcan Owiidd, Entirely.rLfiSHua Y(, if"AHrlmNflUf II llli, " fr ? aerjMoaiiy paper miorms mm or current1 m :news the worldover. "The vaudeville entertainer,, whodresses in a slouched straw hat, withhay protuding from the torn crown;with one shoe and one boot on hisfeet; carries a carpet bag and a largeumbrella, and "by Hecks", his waythrough a monologue of nonsense,lacks much of success in impersonating the agriculturist of our acquaintance. Some of the people of thecity may be fooled for they do .notknow. They may imagine themselvesof finer clay. They may know somethings the farmer doesn't know, suchas where to'go to see the best showsor eat the highest priced dinners.Yet they cannot distinguish an oaktree from a swingle tree.Truly, the day of the "rube" haspassed."Missing" In Battle,the casualty . lists ofOntheFrench army the word "missing" iswritten opposite the names of "314,000 men. Investigations which havebeen conducted have resulted in establishing the fact that of this number all hope'for approximately 120,-000 must be abandoned.In these Umes of intensive warfareit is of course possible for a man tobe literally "blown to atoms," but aminute examination of " No Man'sLand, it is hoped, may still yield indications by which it is possible totrace many missing men!An army of 12,000 searchers willsubject all the. trenches and dugoutsalong the whole battle line to a mostcareful scruUny for any . evidencethat may lead to identification.That this is no light task is evident.Nearly 17,000 square miles ofground must be explored. ' In allcases approaching definite identification, a proper burial certifijcate willbe issued to the families of the f alien.There is talk of cemeteries beinglaid out on the battlefields to be"plains of scilence." Others preferthat the fields ' should be plantedwith trees to grow into mighty forests, as an everlasting monument tothe dead of the great war.fcSupports Family By. Canning.The sale of her canned fruits andvegetables' has enabled a woman inAlbemarle county, Va., to feed andclothe her eight children the lasttwo years. When war was declaredher eldest son enlisted in the Navy.In a few months the second son wentinto the Army, and the mother wasleft to wrestle with the problem ofproviding three meals " a day for theeight younger brothers and sisters.About this time the home-demonstrationagent of the United States Department of Agriculture and theState Agricultural College was teaching the' women in that locality howto can. With a garden which couldraise plenty of fruit and vegetables,and with wild fruit to be had for thepicking, the mother of ten decidedtherein lay the solution of her prob-.lem. Results liave proved that herjudgment was right. Thousands ofcans of fruit and vegetables havebeen put up and sold from this country home.- One lot the home-demonstration agent helped her sell brought$125. - i "Politics and Economics.Now is a good time . to read thestory of Government "by politic's-4-andyou can take it from any newspaper of any party, printed anywherein the country. Then take homethis sentence contained in a recentreport to the Merchants' Associationof New York on "Government Ownership and Operation of Public Utilities." Here it is: "The cause of inefficient management , and excessivecost when governments undertakevrmnmlc activities is ' simple. Allthe activities of .any government are.necessarily carried on by political imachinery and that machinery fs.'wholly: unsuited to the economic field.."The fields of politics and economics are dissimilar and separate. The"field of politics (meaning thereby theart of government) is mainly theregulation of conduct and the protection of richts. The field of economicstie products and utilization ofismaterial things. The principles, themethods and the machinery of political administration are wholly different from those of economic activitiesand not adapted or adaptable to thelatter."Why Don't They Get Up in theMorningljCongress was on the way to repealthe "daylight saving law,"jwhen thesession blew up in ,a puff of words.It worked well enough last year, except in the farming communities,here it was almost universally condemned as a "foolish notion." Thefarmers have protested vigorously toWashington, and the essence of theircomplaints are: "Why don't they getup in the morning if they want tosave an Hour of daylight."Get ready to handspike your clockSunday, March30. x- . o ,BAD TASTE IN YOUE MOUTH.:When you have a bad taste in yourmouth you may know your digestionis faulty. A dose of Chamberlain'sTablets will usually correct the disorder. They also, will cause a genuemovement of the bowels. You willfind this to be one of the best medicines you have ever become "acquainted with. -(adv)mar)o '. St. louis has abolished GermanTHE BOUB$ON tlfEWgy,- ?&&RESOLUTIONSPassed By City Council On the Deathof- John T. Hinton.The following resolutions upon thedeath of ex-Mayor John T. Hintonoffered by the committee consistingof Councilmen Veatch, Nichols 'andKiser, were adopted and orderedspread upon the minutes: ' ""City Hall, Paris, Ky., Feb. 27, 1919."John T. Hinton was born in Paris,Bourbon County, "Ky., on Jan. 29,1837 nd died t his home in this cityon the 30th day of January, 1919, atthe age of eighty-two. years."Mr. -Hinton had .spent hjs entirelife in the city of Paris. He began hiscareer, as an apprentice in the' undertaking, establishment of George W.Davis, who survives 'him. Whenquite a young man he" embarked inthe furnfture and undertaking business for himself, in which he "continued until a short time prior to hisdeath. By his strict business integrity, energy and courage" he soon builtup a lucrative business and amassedquite a fortune", most of which he-investedin Paris real :estate, and publicenterprises in said pity."He was a f irm believer in his owntown7,and;spent a large part of hislife in advancing' its social, commercial, educational and religious interests. He took the initiative in everymovement for the- betterment of hishome city, and jgave of his time andmeans freely in eyery undertakingthat looked to, its. advancement"He "was a member of the board ofCouncil of the city for several termsand held the high office of Mayor 'forseveral terms. During his adminstration many of the public improvementsof. the city were added and the successful financial condition of the cityat the expiration of his term of public office is a lasting monument to hisenergy, sagacity and good businessjudgment."His diversion .was politics, andwhether a candidate himself, or espousing" the cause of some friend, hewas always, in the thickest of thefight at every election and wielded apotent influence in the political lifeof the community."He represented Bourbon Countyin the lower house of the Kentuckylegislature for three successive terms,and was several times a delegatefrom the Seventh congressional district to the national convention of hisparty; and assisted in the nominationof, Grover Cleveland for the presidency in 1892 and Wo odrow, Wilsonat the Baltimore convention."He was an earnest and activemember of the Christian Church, andhe esteemed it one of the crowningevents of his long and successful career that largely through his generosity and earnestness the handsomenew church edifice, which is now thehome of said denomination, was erected. "As a husband and father, he waskind, affectionate and indulgent, andwas held in the highest esteem by themembers of his family. As a citizen,he was patriotic, liberal and faithfulto his friends, and, scrupulously honest in all .his business undertaking.Asan officer he was painstaking andactive, and held to the maxim that 'apublic office is a public trust.'"In his -death this community haslost a. leader, who. was easily one ofthe foremost and was in a marked degree the architect of hjs own fortune."Therefore, be it resolved, that theBoard of Council of the city of Parisin regular session assembled,do here:,by "extend to his bereaved family theheartfelt sympathies of its members"That these resolutions be spreadat large upon the records of thismeeting, and engrossed upon a pageset apart to the memory of Mr. Hinton;"That a copy of these resolutionsbe given to the public press;"And that the clerk of this boardbe'' directed to deliver a copy of sameunder the seal of the city to the family of the deceased."J. J. ,Vatch, S. K. Nichols, T. J.Kiser, Committee."! oRESOLUTIONS ON THE DEATH OFTHOS.. HENRY CLAY, JR.tAt a recent meeting of the Boardof Officers of -the Pans ChristianChurch, the following, resolutionswere passed:Again we are. called upon to markthe passing of one of our very finestyoung men and most valuable ieilowworkers. Brother Thomas Henry Clay,Jr. ie will, oe r missecu irom ourranks and his loss will be felt withkeenest sorrow because he was oneof our most valuable men and faithful workers. He was. always- at hisI post ofdu when it ;w possible111 tvcijr &iva nvia va. vnw uau.v.ufor him to be there. His heart wasand he was ever ready to give- of hismeans and to give of himself for thegood of the church and the glory ofthe Master. ,As a member of this Hoard ofOfficers we have found Mm to benot only one of our most efficientworkers but also a wise counsellorever interested in the welfare of thechurch and always ready to makesacrifices and to do service for herStory ;We want to express our smceresfcsympathy and christian love to hisvenerable father and mother and hisbeloved wife and children, his sisterana Drotners ana assure mem manwe feel that the loss to us is keenly:felt and his place in our ranks willbe hard to fill. He was so faithfuland generous and true, loyal to thechurch, devoted to his home, faithful to his friends, never out ,ofhumor, always ready for work1 andever faithful in the hour of needThe memory of such a lif e :brief asit was is an inspiration to us. Maythe Good Father raise up otheryoung men to fill his place and mayhis fidelity-to the church help us allto be more faithful.We find it difficult to find wordsto express the deep sense of lossthat we feel or to convey the intenseity of our feeling of sympathy tohis loved ones. We pray to our Fath-'2er to comfort them -and guide us and'msVp us all more faithful tV rr nirrfniTTiT i-i - C--:W. E JSLLIS, . . v wV- F.3 LOWBY. , , mPABM, KEftTgCTOV5' 5 CL."JERSEYS and HEREFORDSBulls of serviceable ages and linger.Come in person, and see the offeringor addressRIVERVIEW FARMS, Carrollto Ky.P. B. GAINES, Prop. ,LOSTLost, somewhere in Paris, Automobile License Tag, No. 7241. Returnto 'NEWS office and receive reward.(11-tf)Auto Tire Lost.Lost, between Lexington and Carlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toTX)NALD B.'NEAL,346 East Main St,(11-tf) Lexington, Ky.NOTICEI will not be responsible for anybills charged to me, 'unless contractedin person or upon written order fromme.(ll-3t) C. M. COYLE.Lost, Strayed or Stolen.From the D. G. 'Taylor place, nearParis, one .dark Jersey heifer. Waslast seen near Paris. 4 Reward for herreturn or information leading to herrecovery.CHAS. DEARING,(11-tf) Cum. Phone 641-M.WANTEDTwenty-five more girls wanted toselect turkey feathers. Splendid opportunity to make good wages.FEATHER PRODUCTS CO.,Dow Building, . . Paris, Ky.(ll-2t) 'FOR SALEOne Cypers Incubator; one MandyLee Incubator, and two good brooders. Call' Cumberland Phone No.807.MRS. A. M. CLAYTON,1852 South Main St., Paris, Ky.(ll-4t)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St.,:Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Executrix' Notice !All persons having claims againstthe es$at of; Thomas- Henry Clay,Jr., are. hereby requested to presentthem properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned executrix, tof payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidThomas Henry Clay, Jr., are requested to-make prompt and full settlement ofsuch indebtedness with me.MRS. THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.,Executrix Thos. Henry Clay, Jr.7-3t)" .... I ." - - . v V ' ' - - r r "YSmSSmSmSmSSSSSSSSSSSmSmmSmSSTm'm'SSSSSmPi . - sIII ' x ' IIIIjl '" IIITHEUNIVERSALCAR ' " '' 1 " IHI i- IIICan.youloubt the judgment of the following farmers: ' ' " ' ." I' ' v &J. C. KEtfNEY . ; . - mj ' EDWABD SIMMS 'I?' IN'' ' , JULIAN FBAHK '- " v' A. , 'v ' L ' v AYLEETE BITCKNER -, v' "" j jtV J& 'III ' ,. 5? ' ?' GEO. W. WYArt, JB. ' ' k. .ly. st' K , Vi', V ;' JOEHASKINS s 3-1 i Hi"M FBAIIK COIIIHS ' fl '''f i ft 1 l j. w.bell -$5&: ;HI j .. J)AVmPATTOH - ' -v'Ijl , HA&W1N J5TSHF.K - . f .HI iCUUU; UAKMlt;iLAjL ' t HCHAS. HA5KYHS - fl- III All of the above have increased the ' efficiency . on 'their ?" Qfarms with a - v ' ' ' ,rvfoRDsoN Tractor X- Let our regular Tractor man demonstrate one to you.- 'III u .- yIII c iv. f D1 : Ruggles Motor Co.a HI - ; Bank Rwr Paris, Ky. .; I- hi ' : t&, iill ' H.i? ..." A V . v' " S- Ill .. 41 y . : r. ..." . ... . ?-' tl VcsflfyForvSaleSvBuff Orphingtons and WTiite Leghorns, Cockerels, Alfred Clay strain.(11-tf) CHARLTON CLAY.iFor Sale 188 AcresSix-room house, large barns, siloandall kinds out-buildings; well wateredand fenced; limestone land; 150acreslevel; $0 acres in wheat, balance ingrass. '' This is a splendid farm corn 70 to00 bu. per acre, 20 to 30 bu. wheat peracre, 1,500 to 2,000 lbs. tobacco; 15miles east of Louisville, Ky.; mileto L. & N. R. R. and Electric statien ;good roads; come and see this placeat once; a bargain price, $160.00 peracre. Term.A. E. SMITH, Glenarm, Ky.At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron mares and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct; by express from' the farms. See ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time to responsible partiesWill show" you horses ,any day in? the weeV except Monday.J. F. COOK & CO., Lexington Kentucky.Phone, 47; Night Phone 2845Y or 5631. (Slfeb-lmo). . -Public SaleCottage and Vacant Lot!We wilLseU at public auction for Mrs. Wm. Tarr, on the prenises,ml North Clifton Avenue,Tuesday, March 18M919at 2 p, m., her .-practically new cottage, containing five rooms, two porches, presses, bath, gas, electric lights, concrefe walks and shade trees.Xot fronts 60 feet on Clifton Avenue and extends to Brent Street.Also, vacant lot nijoining cottage, 50 foot, extending to BrentStreet, which will be sold separately, and sthen as a whole, and best bidaccepted.Thisisv desirable property and well located.TERMS Mate known on day of sale.(marll-14-18) TTATrR.TS & SPEAKES.SPECIAL BIGAUCTION!-N,.Saturday, March 15, 2 p. m.-,At the Store Boom next door to Harris '& Bale's Bestaurant) onMain Street.LOOK FOB THE BED FLAG!We have received a large consignment of extraNice Furnitureand all kinds of Household Goods from different parties, which must besold to the highest bidder, regardless of value or sacrifice. Thessortmentconsists of Parlor and Bed Boom and Dining Boom Sets, StovesBugs, China, Glass and Cut Glasi War&CaUon Mr. Weckesser at the Busy Bee Cash Store any time afterWednesday and he will gladly show goods to prospective bidders., Bemember date and place.P . ' GEO. D. SPEAKES, Autioneer.L. 3. HABBIS, Business Manager.Terms, cash and all goods must be moved out of building on day ofsale,- . (ii-2t)r ,FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1918.Upholstering andRepairing.The Hicks Furniture Co. iasopened at No. 4 roadway, Paris,Ky. Phones 840. Furniture boughtand sold.C. M. COYLE, Upholsterer.(ll-4t)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runingwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartpient.o..T.,mNTOir,Agt., Masonic Temple.OFu5tfi(c..CT' Jrnames ,of five streets. tX . ' ,iMHH'KA- itFRIDAY, MARCH 14,-IMS.'.TTO BOTOBOIT XXW8; PAJOJ, rEHTTTCKT. ..!rfJ.r It 'TATTHE FIRSTS1GNOFTAKE ft GALOTABBILIOUSNESSTke Ifew Nausealess Calomel That'Does the Work Without theSlightest Unpleasantness or Banger ofSalivation.Ask your doctor and h ewilLtellyou that calomel is the best and onlysure remedy for a lazy liver, biliousneee, -indigestion and constipation,Nov that all the unpleasant anddangerous qualities have been removed, calomel, in the form of Calotabs,is the easiest and most pleasant of alllaxatives to take. One tablet at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sal No taste, no griping, no nausea,no salts. In the morning you feelsimply fine live, wide-awake, energetic, strong and with a hearty appetite for breakfast. Eat what youplease and go about your work nodanger of salivation.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommendsand guarantees Calotabs by offeringto refund the price if you are notdelighted with them. (adv)WANTS- JK ESTABLISH AERGrPIAHE AGENCY.A young man now engaged in themotor car business in Paris ison a trade for an aeroplane for hisown personal use, and is said to beresiously considering " accepting thelocal agency for a "popular make ofpleasure plane,'.' which, iie feels surewill be greatly in demand amonglocal "high-flyers" within a fewyears.Aa soon as the young man makes'all the proper arrangements he willgive a series of demonstrations. Hisname is necessarily withheld until he.gets ready to give publicity to hisenterprise. HiB slogan will be "Going Up!". SOCIAL AND PER&OSXLTCostings and Goingi of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.THE TEST OF MERITParis Pople Are Given ConvincingProof.The distance from the source ofthe Amazon in the Andes to the Atlantic Ocean is 2,000 miles Ln a direct line, but by the course of theriver nearly 4,000 miles.For Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand "rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets jare used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourliojoier Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. TJ. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.No better test of any article canbe made than the test of time andthis is particularly true of a kidneymedicine. Doan's Kidney Pillshave stood the test and stood -it well.What better proof of the merits ofthis remedy could you demand, thanthe statement of a Paris resident whoused it successfully and tells of lasting results.Read the following:Geo. McCandless, Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactive andI had backaches Doan's Kidney Pillsput a stop to alf the troubles andthey gave me complete relief."(Statement given January 17, 1912.)Wo Trouble Since.Over four years later or on November 9,1916, Mr. McCandless said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myBelf permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'Hsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandless had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oPayment to discharged soldiers ofthe $60 bonuses authorized by thelast Congress is being delayed by failure of the soldiers to comply withthe requirements of tne law. WarDepartment distributing officials announced that thousands of soldiershad sent "true copies" of their discharge papers, and that payment ofthe bonuses would be delayed untilthe orginial copies are sent.In cases where the original certificates have been lost, it was stated,the original order for discharge mustbe submitted.TRY THIS FOR-SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Bat but little meat 'andnone at all for, supper, If you arestill troubled wilh sour stomach, takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed. , (adv)(adv) mar)SAVE the LeathermkINKeep your ShoesLIQUIDS AND PASTESFOR BLACK , white,TAN, AND OX-blood(dark BRown)ShoesTME.P.F.OALLCY CORPORATIONS UOUffAUyCNeat 1mMrs. Charles Talley has returned from a visit to relatives in Plemingsburg. Mrs. Fannie Adams, of Mt. Vernon, is a guest of. her brother, Dr. J.M. Williams, on Sixth street.Mrs. Whifctington , Mann anddaughter have returned from a visitto relatives in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Charles Ramsey, of Charleston, West Virginia, is a guest of hersister, Mrs. R. S. Darnaby, nearParis. .Mrs. Mayme Parrlsh, and Mrs.Gertrude Smoot have returned froma visit to Mrs. Win. Howard, inRichmond.Miss Pavola Dundon was a recent guest of Miss Fannie. Heller, atPatterson Hall, State University, inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. William Bushhave moved from near Paris to theirnew homfe on the Lexington pike, inFayette county. jLieut. Robert Crowe has returned to his home in Hamilton, Ohio,after a visit to Mr. Ernest H. Darnaby, in Clintonville.Mrs. Wm. O. Hintoa is confinedto her home on High street as theresult of injuries sustained in a falla few days ago.Lieuteant Avonia Kiser, of thethe .United States army, is a guest ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnKiser, in this city.Mrs. Harry Beasley and childrenhave returned to their home nearIrvine, after a visit to Mrs. Wm.Beasley, at Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Taylor,Messrs. Wm. Taylor, Harry Jonesand Fred Burgin have returned froman extended stay in Florida.Mr. J. M. Frye has returned tohis home in Taylorsville, after spending several days in this -city andcounty on a business mission.Mrs. Felix' Newman, of Falmouth, and Mrs. J. Moler McVey, ofDayton, Ky., are guests of Mr. andMrs. Lucien Terrill, near Clintonville. Mr. T. Hart Talbott was removed from his home near Paris recentlyto the Massie Memorial Hospital. Mr.Talbott is suffering from an attack ofBright's disease. (Miss Sara Power has returned toher school duties at Science Hill, inShelbyville, after spending severaldays in this city with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Power.Dr. H. M. Hamilton has returned from Muncie, Indiana, where hewas called last week by the illness ofMrs. Hamilton. He found Mrs. Hamilton much improved, and probablyable to return home soon.Mrs. Robert 'M. Hopkins andson, Robert Hopkins, Jr.', will arrivefrom Covington, to-morrow, for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HelmClay, on Eighth street. Mr. Hop.mutt its uuuuug a. luur oi me xioiyLand, and will be gone about fourmonths.Mrs. Jessie Hibler Herrenkohland little daughter, Ann Croxton,who have been guests of the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Hibler, will leave to-morrow for a visitto Miss Annie Hibler, in Portland;Oregon, after which they will returnto their home in Barboursville, WestVirginia. s.(Other Personals on Page 5)o0E DOSE RELIEVESA COLD NO CtUININETIT All WOMEN"Pape's Cold Compound" End BadColds or Grippe in . FewHours.pfvJHINo reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-strongfiL&rmentsWo-Belt feature oftailoring'" has become famousanstoljf shedium and stoutwomen, ' because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivenetbod of ioniojf this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt modef-r-yoii Will find your first supreme corset satisfaction";Models for every fieure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom aU wklf om W wattcb spring booing.N-J wA U "EVvn Qnia T3tt t?tp ATMxr f rwJ. JX Uttl JLV4 JL' AVXJLJt. wo vWvin7Belief comes instantly.A doee takfen eVery w hours until threo dwes, .are taken will endgrippe misfy and break up a severe cold .either in the, head, chest,body or limbs.It promptly opens up cloffged-upnostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, sore throat, sneezing, sorenessand stiffness. 'Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head! Nothing else in the'world gives such prompt relief as"Pane's Cold Compound," which costsony a few cents at any drug store. Itacts without assistance, tastes nice,and causes no inconvenience. Besure you get the genuine. f(adv)o '-Women Soldiers In China.China had women soldiers long before they were known -in Russia. During the Tae Ping rebellion 1850,women as "well as men served in' theranks. In. Nanking, ln 1853, an armyof 500,000 women was recruited. Theywere divided into brigades of 13,000each and were commanded by womenofficers. , t LjWHOJRE ILLThis Woman RecommencltLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound HerPersonal Experience.McLean, Neb." I want to recommend Lydirn U. Pinkh&m'a Vegetable.compound to allwomen wno suiterfrom any functionaldisturbance, aa ithas done me moregood than all theaoctor'a medicine.Since taking it Ihave a fine Healthybaby girl and havegainedin health andstrength. My husband 'and I bothpraise your med-lCiriftnnll cniffnMnwomen." Mrs. John Koppelmann, R.No. 1, McLean, Nebraska.This famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, has been restoring women ofAmerica to health for more than fortyyears and it will well pay any womanwho suffers from displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or"the blues" to give this successfulremedy a trial.For special suggestions in regard toyour ailment write Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The resultof its long experience is at y6ur service-nii.M,,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,1Discovers Ice Cream Soda.The honor of discovering ice-creamsoda is generally given to Robert M.Green, who served the delicacy to thesemi-centennial celebration of Franklininstitute, Philadelphia, in the summerof 1874, and advertised it at that tiSieas something absolutely new.t ,IfIf I only had the money! Money,money, how hateful you are, but oh,how I need to have you I ElizabethHasanovitz, in the Atlantic 'YOUCAN MAKE YOURSHOE BILLS LESSFrom Globe, Arizona, comes thisrecommendation of Ne5linSoles.J. B. ledlyn sends it.' He says:"I have never had my Neolin-soledshoes repaired as the soles always outwear the tops. The position I holdkeeps me on my feet most of the time,and I can say that for comfort and"wear Neolin is the.only shoe sole."Millions of others who have wornNeolin Soles think with Mr Medlynthat they are the only soles for wearand comfort. Moreover, these solescut your shoe bills down because theymake your shoes last so long. Theyare waterproof too. Neolin Soles aremade scientifically by The GoodyearTire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, whoalso make WingfootHeels guaranteedto outwear ajl other heels'".OeoJin SolesTrade Mark Bee. U.8. Vt. OS.INTERIIRBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington ForParisA. M. OIOOxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4;20 -P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.A. JS1.7:215x8:15- 9:45A. M. 11:15P.-M-. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15JP. M.10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TBACTIOff AND TERMINAL COMPANYThere Is moretarrh in this .seciou"of 'the country than all othersdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be insurable.Doctors prescribed local trdfctment,pronounced incurabler 'Catarrh jteifc3iWT'vai9tefeTi6tlv 'influeiiced bv-fjbnstitutionalcomditippfandsj th,erveforg requires comftutidnaG treat?ment. nairs vairarrn: MLquicmemanufactured by P. J. Ckeney. iiJbCo., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrnnrh h hlnnri nn thA .'TTlllCOtlBI surfaces j of the system! Oae, hnnr-nT&ajaoiiars rewara is pneremiur anyrcase tnat Mails uatarrn eaicmefjLHs.tojure. Send for circulars andtestimonials. . "' ' F. J. CHENEY &iCJO.,itt ' ToledcvQhidTVSoia?by Druggists, 75c.-Hall's Family Pills f or constipaWilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc. !Daily4FreshMeats,Roasts,SteaksChops, Fancy Goods.'. -FdmousCoffees and TeastitdietiGrocery o-Phone 31761 a.M 1 1- MLWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYINTRODUCING THENEW STYLESFOR SPRING AND SUMMERNINETEEN NINETEENThe Tailormade SuitIn a diversity of styles fashioned in tricotine, sergespoiret twill and gabardine, portraying the new silhouette.The New Spring CoatsCoats of Cape and Dolman type, developed on slender,straight lines, seem to be the most favored for spring .wear. The little graces and elegances of detail in thecontour of the collars and shoulders, the finesse of sleeveand cuff detail, express exclusiveness of the highestorder.'The New Spring DressesThe narrow silhouette dominates the new dresses, too,and embodies them with a youthfulness that is refreshing. Cunning little pleats, puffings, draperies and theloveliest little sashes and bows adorn these new stylesmost becomingly.The New Spring SkirtsBeautiful plaid and stripe woolens, satin, georgette, crepechene, Fan-ta-si silks in all colors and soft moon glosatins feature our unusually pretty line of separate skirts.Wolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUpKY-Here's the big work, littlecost tractor therfc . jSTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made jgood without reservation.10 horsepower, at the draw bai 20 horsepowerat the belt.A weH;balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. , It drives easily, affords maximum puH-ting power for' its weight, and is suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for thej small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume' ilt oi worn:. j -Use it with an Oliver Plow .ii - j ' ' '' We- recommend that you use aij Olivef plow with 'your Titan, tractor because it means the best plowing Junder all conditions. ;The combined rolling coulterrand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottom .of. the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depth tof furrow; the plow points enter andj leave the ground ,first, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of the y'field; and tie trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat onthe tractor. - rWe have a full line of Oliver plows as well as theA1UIU USWW1 UWIV Wl HUVAtWUMC. S. BALL GARAGE.j-jSZg. ;; j fflflPa ik. -15MaTQIitv Printirtw! I'i7-- K& " " ' "HJ i i jTIPSTTT'Absolute Satisfaction is one of theRequisites of The News .Job .PrtaUmrOep&rtment. a Trial OrtfelSolicRedUI7tion. ... ..-'ri3. Zt ;V-?rf ijv-x - ,H -tn-- );. "JiiSML ' 8f,MOEiTOnBomimiixwf, baixi ,..,, ' FRIDAY, MAHQE 14, lSlf, $3 "-?Su23VQCxN"-RELIGIOUS.4Triangle Club supper in thechurch, parlor; Tuesday, 7:00 p. m.: Rose Maiden, rehearsal; Wednesday,7:30 p. hi. jprayer meeting: service;JYiday, w;00-f.p. m. Choir rehearsal.The Christian. Epdeavor Societyi of the Presbyterian church will meetSunday kvening'' at 6:30. The sub-ject is "JEnvy. and Cdvetousness," andhe leader is Miss Alise Heller. Thepublte i? "cordially invited.v The Christian Endeavor Society'of the Christian church will meet in'the church parlors Sunday night atC-lfin ninlnnlr 2nViiot. "WnW flTld6:0 otclock.Covetoujmess;" leader, Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the church.Th regular monthly social ofthe Epwprth League of the -Paris. -I.. REAL1 "ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMr. and Mrs. Riley Mitchell purxjhaaed a' cottage -located on Virginiaayenue for $1,350.Mr. Harry. Mitchell sold to H. X.Smart, of Nicholas county, a houseand lot in Rosedale Addition to Parisfor $1,900. Mr. Smart and family'will moye to thepFoperty next week.IffiuronJsI::II Confectionery Store" Successor to Adami & Santi.! HoridarrmtsBox CandiesAlo'mi'a PomniK T?arlTa -PrV'jj making delicious Jce Cream,II Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Methodist church will be held this(Friday) evening-at 7:30 o'clock, atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Schrote.Von Scott avenue. Everymember isurged to attend.The Ladies Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetin the lecture room of the churchnext Monday afternoon, March 17,at 2:30 o'clock.The following is the calendartor the week for the Christian'church: Sunday, 2:30 p.m. Junior Endeavor Society, Roy Markland,leader; Sunday, 6:00 p. m. Christian Endeavor Society, Rev. W. E.Ellis, leader; Sunday, 7:00 p. m.Evening service; Monday, 6:00 p. m.The following have been ordained by Rev. W. E. Ellis as deacons ofthe Paris Christian church: HarryBaldwin, Ed.T. Hinton, E. J. Burris,A: 1. Burley, Thos. Kiser, Frank P.Lowry, J.-W. Brown and Geo. W.Wyatt. The last three were reelected to office, the term for whichthey were elected having expired.It will be necessary to elect twoelders to fill existing vacancies. TheChurch Board will then -comprisetwenty-seven deacons and six elders.The choir of the Christianchurch is planning-to givea cantata,"The Rose Maiden," early in May.This is said by competent judges tobe one of the most beautiful musicalscores ever printed. It is full ofbright lines and very pretty musip.Hehearsals will begin next weelc.Mr. A. lu Boatright, who will havesupervision and direction of the production, requests all who would liketo take part inthe chorus to send intheir names at once, so they may beplaced in time for, the rehearsals.TheVTunior Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian church will hold a"Silver Tea" in the Sunday schpolroom, of the new church on Monday,March 17. 1919. at 7:45 P. m. TheJunior Missionary Society is educating a little boy, from the mountains,who was driven from home by his' stepmother, and this social is "being.given to help buy his scnoiarsnip atDr.-Philip's Academy, in the mountains. A regular St Patrick's Birthdayprogram has been arranged and amost enjoyable evening is guaranteed. A cordial invitation 'is extended to everyone A silver offering will be taken.oELEVENTH DISTRICT ODD FELLOWS' MEETING.PABIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTES.Miss Helen Bannister, director ofathletics attie Paris High School, isperfecting plans, lor the vflrst High.'Schools .girls' -basketball toiirnamenfeeven held in Central Kentucky. MissBannister is endeavoring to arrangea program of basketball , events, totake ..place in the local Y. M. C. A.gymnasium during the week. - . .If Miss Bannister's plans are perfected, the following High Schoolswill be represented- in the tournament Winchester, Maysville, Nich-olasville, Versailles, Frankfort, Law-renceburg, Georgetown, Midway,Lexington and Paris. Suitableawards, the exact nature of whichhas not 'yet been determined, will begiven' the winning team by the ParisHigh School Athletic Association.Miss Bannister is a graduate oftHer New Haven, Conn., NormalSchool of' Gymnastics, and since shebecame connected with the ParisHigh School faculty shehas succeeded in stimulating considerable interest in athletics among the girl students.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use:Fancy Ices for PartiesI 'Tor the BEST, Set Vs,I1FRANK BURTONIAGENT JR M. IBOLDAND S0NADA CIGARS, Grand Secretary R. G. Elliott, ofKentucky Odd Fellows, has announced that the district meeting forthe Eleventh district, including "thiscounty, will be held in London, onMarch 21. Matters -of interest willbe presented to the meeting by theGrand Master a-nd Grand Secretary,and the Grand Lodge Degree will be,conferred on all Past Grands attending and presenting proper certi-fficates, and London Lodge is .preparing to add interesting features tothe' occasion. Odd Fellowship is celebrating its hundredth anniversity inApril.1wBlue Grass Oil Exchange: ' Incorporated)'afcCombr, Bourbon, Pyramid, Co-Operating, Old Dominion, Xen. tcky Star, and all other high grade Kentucky Oil Stocks boughtand. sold on commission. '!'We meither promote companies nor act as agents ffiv the sale ofsibek.. Tx J. Orders for purchase or sale promptly executed on commission7basis ".' , '418 Main St., PABIS, KY. -BOARB OP DIRECTORSJeo. W. Stuart (). T. Hinton John M. StuartTWI1 " fIBip ; ; r - .tI 521919 Opening Spring MillineryFriday; March : 14th ., j Will Be Dmiiualty AttractiveJj ; -New exclusiTje models, graceful and smart, will 7s maite UllS ailUWXUJg unc uj. Jicai, jw;icdo uv juu.MRS. MAMIE PARKERH Cor. Main and Filth StsParis, KentuckyiiM.w.fctlfcfcfclfct.fci.fc-yiay; rw.tbrvisviiisKsaiiKmJ',POULTRY HOUSEmJiiiJUfiAlHK'LEON REN AKER & CO., i'..-'.. Have OpriMl Nvy Poultry In th -low Building; Opposite Hotel WindsorIn order to stimulate interest inthe study of Latin, Miss ElizabethRoff, teacher of Latin in the ParisHigh School, is making arrangements to haye a professor of thatlanguage from each of the" nearbycolleges in "Kentucky to' give a lecture to her class once av week. Thefirst lecture in he course was givenhy Dr. T. B. McCartney, Dean ofTransylvania College, of Lexington.It is felt -that by emphasizing 'thevalue of Latin in later life the students will take it in study in preference to vocational or scientificcourses.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, the efficient Superintendent of the Parisschools, has been elected president ofthe Kentucky Students' Associationof Columbia University, in New York.Prof. KirkpatrickSvill leave June J.for New York to study during thesummer, and will finish his workfor the Master Degree at ColumbiaUniversity. 'The campaign for two thousandbooks to be added to the High Schoollibrary is progressing very favorably,and the students who have been soliciting the books have met withgreat success. The children of theschool are soliciting vsuch books asone can spare from their library, andthese works will be placed in theschool library ifor use by all the students during their spare time. Theclassics, books on poetry and worksof that class will be greatly appreciated by the children and will proveof great value to them. Large bookcases to take, care of the books contributed will "be placed in the halln)second story of the High Schoolbuilding, and the students will haveaccess to these at all times.In order to enable the school teachers Yf Bourbon county to complywith an act of the -Legislature requiring theni to pass-an examinationon agriculture so as to be eligible toteach in the State after July i, theParis "High School has arranged togive a free course in this subject beginning March 15 and lasting tenweeks. ? ,Those who enroll in the class willmeet-in, the Paris High School building at 8:30 o'clock Saturday mornings and the class will last for twohours. Teachers will be furnished bythe college'of agriculture, Universityof Kentucky, who will give servicesfree of charge. -j- -The science laboratories of theschool will be open to members ofthe class and they- will be coached onthe. different phases of agriculture-with which they must be familiar before they can pass the examinationsto be given this summer.'Seniors in the college of agriculture of the University of Kentuckywill serve as teachers and -as theyare allowed credit towards their, degree for this kind of work they donot charge for their services. Fromtime to time members of the facultyof the college will lecture to themembers of the class.1 -i '.B-4 PIREn Insure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoBAEDWELL BANK BUILDING DESTROYED BY ELBE.The Bank of Arlington, at Bard-well, Ky., was destroyed by nreiTuesday night at 10 o'clock. Astove in the second story of thebuilding, where a good roads meeting was held, is believed to have .become overheated. .The roof .on ?thegrocery store' of E. H. Owen and therplate glass front of the store werebroken py the1 falling walls ,ofthebank building.': ' J , f '')vRrt, Wind and Llfhtnlncf Insurance. -ThomaSf Wooofortl & Bryanv ,,, . O ' ' . I tWQEK& YSAYE WILL APPEAR-otf LEXINGTON.will - oav the highest cash, prices foriltry K9 hides 'and junkT Our Itruckmake trips to ttve country tor larsecjaMnltiMe of poultry and ex?. ,'t fr I . -.iT ' . i , . ( w tt 'i ) s i , ' lYsaye one, or -the, jour world-greatt . . j . - !,,...-. : ' s .- '.. j 'j.:!!j.tH-r:-'-GRANT ROBINSON, ManagerT" kT " iWl-ln$fl'imi lJ:iKi?v?&?X'' sqnVESTOCX MEN,?ATTEHTIOir.American Consul Hoover, "atSaoJPaulo, Brazil, cabled theState Department, suggesting, that "breedersof livestock in tho .United States. andmanufacturers onnectedvwitjhL thatindustry send, representatives- to . alivestock exposition to be, opened atSao Paulo, April 21. .Prom 10 'A. M. to"-3 P. MM SATURDAY ONLY. 7The FairSpecial Clean-Up Sale of WindowShades, assorted -sizes, and colors anda big Bargain at these prices:.Width32-inch36-inch'38-inch4 2 -inch42-inch48-inch54-inchLength6-foot --6-foot6-foot6 -foot7-foot6-foot7-foot'White69c73c8 9c37c" 99c$1.00$1.10Green57cJ59c98c- Cream, Tan," Canary and Brown atabove price. Sale closes positivelyat 3 p. m.Genuine Congoleum Rugs,' 18x3 6inches, all colors, your choice 25 c.Real Felt Rugs, large sizes, $2.75to $3.50 value, at $1.98.Linoleum and Congolen remnants,from 4 to 6 yards in a piece, 2 yardswide, at 69c, a. square yard.yr'PRANK&COLADIES' OUTFITTERS j l'-Tiff vf -' :''V-4x.? Xf yet" ' , --' w.-"yWALL PAPERSpring is almost here. In a weekor two you will suddenly realize howlittle you have done, and how muchmore you have still to do in Springdecorating. All the new Spring designs and colorings in Wall Papersare now on display. Let us prove toyou by estimating on the decorationof your room, what -a saving we canmake for you.CANDY SPECIALS. FOR THE ENTIRE WEEKChocolate Covered Cherries incream, 6c a package.Toasted Cocoanut Marshmallows, apound 25c.Nut Cream Caramels, assorted flavors, per pound 25c.House Furnishings at a 10 saving fo this week.Aluminum-specialties, such as Preserving Kettles, all sizes, BakingPans, Pie Pans, Soup Strainers, Percolators, Teakettles; and also .beautiful line of pure Whiteand Whiteand Blue and White Mottled Enamelled Steel Ware, Dish Pans, CoffeePots, Infants' Bath Tubs, etc "Automobile Wind Shield Glass, allsizes in stock.FAIR.L-Ws Are Now Showing' - "Early Spring ModelsIKfEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSP,RING SUITSSPRING COATS- il "4yi' Dolmans" CanesGrepe de Cheneand Voile Blouses1 " and, Skirts ' -'-v - "FRANK & CO.". ' LADIES' OUTFITTERSANN'QtlNClNGTHE OPENINGTHEBLUEGRASSThe Cincinnati Symphony Orches- 4ir"wui De iieara in xingLon on.Tuesday;A'priL8, in matinee ana inthe evening. The- Cincinnati4 Sym-pouuy noa iui Lia uijlcului CiUgeueviolinists. There" will be ninety ntu-lsipians in the!rchestra.1 z.u-"Germaos Wearing Old Clothes,'gay.adPH$iilincky dogs Ljfce .did Hneygef them V Jl-UrEXCHANGEINCORPORATED)418 Main St.Paris, Ky.-t:'-v '1--WStocks Bought and Sold atOpen Call Sessions EveryWednesiUjrM Saturday Even,ing at 7:30 0 clock..!-tr iV..-.1 .. J''Si--'IS-f!vV;isf- iij',mmttV;:;.;s-(rFirst7:30Call Session. Satu. .?rjrj..!"iCH ,-'.vJV ,;-yP'IVy4&1 "vt 1t ,1' 11'Ai vit " V ' . i- . 1 . .v z-S" --V-Av1aclV" r,1Vr'1,'FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 19ft.TIE MfHOK"V''44i t'& vt-fei.l'.V. fWT Si'TVajj"hj."Ijk:f0 THE STNOTHING CtSCj.SOCIAL ASD PERSONAL. si!omioffs and Goings of .Our'People Here, There andElsewhere. 'TOBACCO FERTILIZER AND; TANKAGE.Swift's hich grade TobaccoFertilizer; also Swigt's Digesterfankagt (60 protein) for hogs.Et pays to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar-7-tjf)o 'BIG iUEinTURE AUCTIONRemember the Big Furniture Auction, Saturday, March 15, 2 p. m.,est door to (Harris & Dale's Restaurant.) Look for Red Flag.(ll-2t). oEXECUTRIX QUALIFIESIn the -County Court, Wednesday,Mrs. Sallie Aschcraft qualified as exeeutrix of the estate of her late husband, Mr. Luther Ashcraft, the willdispensing with surety."oANNOTJITCEMENT.Tom Stark and M. B. Lowmanhave joined their organizations andare conducting a General Advertising Agency under the firm name ofStark-Lowman -CoMr. Stark is President of thecompany, Mr. Lowman is Vice-Rresi-dentand General Manager and M. K.Stark is Secretary and Treasurer.Their offices are all in suite 517-520,Crutcher-Stark's Building, Louisville, Ky.oGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.V L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.z 'CROWDED OVER.MOwing to the pressure on our advertising columns we are compelledto carry over to another issue a number of soldier's letters and contributed articles bearing on subjects ofgeneral public interest. These is always a time in the life of the newspaper man-when lie wished he wouldnave less copy and more room, andthen again there come a time whenhe wishes the reverse. It is a hardmatter toarrange for the dispositionof articles of this character, as advertising matter must, of course, betaken care of." '-oMrs. J. B. Boone' of Frankfort;is a guest of Mrs, W, R. Stipp, near,this city. -Mr. Louis Mussinon, who - hasbeen ill. at his home on South Mainstreet, is, sligntly improved.Mr. C. O. Hinton is" confined tohis home on Main street, sufferingwitu an attacK or rneumatism.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill and "-herthree children are ill at the home ofher aunt," Miss Elizabeth Grimes, onDuncan avenue. "'Mr. and, Mrs. Wm. Dale, anddaughter,- Miss Lillian Dale, have returned from a", visit to relatives inCovington and Newport.Miss Louise Horton, who has"been ill with? blood poisoning following an attack of influenza,- is improving at her .home on Parrishavenue.Reports from Mr. Lee Brown,son of Mrs..-Lizzie Brown, of thiscity, ,who has- been ill for some weeksat the Presldo army post, in California, state that he is improving steadily. ' Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., attended the meeting of the BridgeClub, of which she is a member, heldin Lexington, Tuesday afternoon,with Miss Catherine Formanas hostess. -Mr. and Mrs. Lon Graves entertained with a six-o'clock dinner attheir home on the Hume and' Bedfordpike, near this city recently. Aboutforty guests were present to partakeof the ho6pitalityof the evening.The Lexington Opera House isdrawing a good patronage fromParis and Bourbon county people thisweek. With attractions like "DaddyLonglegs," "Parlor, Bath and Bedroom" this house is assured of a goodpatronage.Miss Mary Allen Hutchcraft,to her home in East Paris, with an i member of Tammany Hall, and-4.l, tf,,rmr A-nnVkny Infln. llO W!I8 o TvHIHaTit and WlttV SD63U-LUAUn. UJL lll.ll UCllo.. iiuumci ""'"-enza victim is Miss Elizabeth Whitley, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WadeH. Whitley, who is ill at the home ofher parents, on Vine street.Miss Kate Alexander and Mrs.F. P. Lowry, of Paris, attended ameeting held at the Phoenix Hotel,in Lexington, Wednesday, of the Wo-men'sCommittees of the Fifth Liberty Loan. Plans were discussed forreorganization and for promoting thework of tbjg committees in this district. (Other Personals on Page 3.)oFUND EOE SOLDIER MEMORIALXl'lNEARLY FINISHED.Before the week has ended the$10,000 necessary to carry out theplans for the erection of a memorialto Bourbon county's soldier and sailor dead will have been raised. Thecommittees having the work: insiV.nn-.ri wvOff Q tntol rkf nVirVTlf SQ.ROOMISS WHAJJEY TAKES GOVERN- and piedges enough in -sight- andUTTPnAT. "PAQTTTftTT n-vi- 11 i.nir fVio oTnoi-m.uviUiUrUie uijl mh.ii. ia uiiua "- u, .up to 110,000 or moreMEUTAL POSITIONm0 KELLEl, FORMER PARISMA& DIES IN HEW YORK.John:W. Keller? chief clerk in theoffice of, pistrict Attorney Swann,former Charities Commissioner, andformerly for many years "a prominent newspaper man, whose -namewas presented lor Vice-President bythe New York delegation at thV National Democratic Convention in1900. died from pneumonia at theNew York "Eye and 'Ear - Infirmary.He had been illfor several months.Mr. Keller was born in Paris,Bourbon county, Ky., on ''July 5,1856, -and his great-f grandfather,Jacob Keller, was a captain in theAmerican Revolutionary army. Mr.Keller 'received- his early educationIn Kentucky and at the - "HopkinsGrammar -School. Later he enteredYale University and was graduatedin the class of 1879. In the year ofhis graduation he rowed in the University crew. He was instrumentalin placing the Yale News on a firmfoundation.Upon his graduation he went toNew York City, where for eighteenyears he worked on newspapers, firston The Times and later on The Press,from which he went to The Recorder,being managing editor during ftsbrief career. Joining the staff ofThe Journal, he wrote the "ChollyKiiickerbrocker" column. He was also tin author and wrote severalplays, as well as contributed to magazines and periodicals. One of hisplays, ."Tangled Lives," was actedsuccessfuly by Robert Mantell. During his early newspaper career he exposed and broke up the old Sixth avenue diveB, for which he was attacked one night by thugs, and receivedinjuries which caused the loss of thesight of one eye.Mr. Keller took an active interestin nolitics in New York City as aashe was a brilliant and witty speaker,he was much in demand in its campaigns. He was a member of theTammany Society and for severalyears was xa Sachem. In 1900 hewas a delegate to the National Democratic Convention and his name waspresented by the New York delegation for the Vice-Presidency.From 1896,tol902 Mr. Keller wasCommissioner of Public Charities inNew York City, making many reforms in the department. He wasfor two terms president of the NewYorlrPress Club and in 1899 and1900 was president of the NationalDemocratic uiuo, sucteeuiug TinBelmont. He was a member of thesmithern Society of New York Cityand of the Clover. Club of 'Philadelphia. Mr. Keller for some timewasconnected with the Equitable LifeAssurance Society and was appointed chief clerk of the district attorney's office on Jan. 1, 1916. Helived at 20 East Thirty-first street.j:..ssAoKAiX&BXSttiVL:siIXWIINS0MELY PRETTYnagSuitsandCoatsYou'll find it pleasant to review such a wellselected showing. The styles, are enticing fortheir beauty ;kna valuerattractiveness.Choosing from our displays means exercisinggood judgment. .Dolmans, Capes, Suits, Goats,Dresses, Waists, Skirts, v ,'" ' and Millinery"HARRYM224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky., iihMiss Nell Whaley, of Paris, whonas been active in teaching circles inParis, Midway and Lexington, andvery recently a member of pie faculties of Transylvania and HamiltonColleges, in Lexington, has taken aposition as reconstruction aid in theeducational department of the Government hospitals. For the presentshe will be located at the Base Hospital "at Camp Upton,, at YaphankLong Island, N. Y. Miss Whaley leftMonday to assume her new duties.The h,est wishes of her manyJPansfriends accompany her.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile arid Hail. -YERKES &, PEED.(janl4-tf)o- rEERED TOR VIOLATDrG DOGLICENSE LAW.Willis Givens and Hume Desha,were assessed fines of '$10 and costseach,, by Judge Batterton, in theCounty Court Wednesday, on chargesof failing to secure the requiredlicense ana tag iui tw wQ. ,The officers are playing no faoiites and are arresting ana prosecuting -violators of the law, and puttingthe unlicensed canines out- of theway whenever and wherever they arefound:. "No license, no dog" is theslogan. The State law makes it theimperative duty of every dog-ownerto hav a license and tag for his orher J6g.NA11 who have made pledges to thefund are requested to call at theFarmers & Traders Bank anK pay,same to Mr. John Yerkes, who istreasurer of the Memorial Fund.THE NEWS publishes 1n this issuea partial list of contributors, towhich a number of names remain tobe added in a succeeding issue. Theresponse has been generous, readytand willing and the chairmen andofficials of the movement desire thatproper credit be given to each contributor. THE NEWS will publishthe additional names in the next"issue.TOBACCO COTTON-AA 6c yd.AtiKtetrrySimon:PUBLIC SALE OF COTTAGE ANDVACANT LOT.BEST QUALITY SEEDS. ""Highest quality Red Clover,Alslke, Timothy. Seed Oats,Cotton Seed meal.CHAS.' S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)oDON'T DO ANYTHINgTuNTILYOU SEE 'US.Do not buy anything In theClothing line until you get myP"' L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.Harris & Speakes will sell at public auction on next Tuesday, March18, for Mrs. Wm. Tarr, on the premises a new cottage on Clifton avenue,containing five rooms, two porcheB,bath, and all modern conveniences.The lot fronts fifty feet on Cliftonavenue and extends back to' Brentfetreet. At the same time they will :sell' for Mrs. Tarr a vacant lot adjoining this cottage, with a fifty-footfrontage. The sale will be held atfrwo "o'clock, p, m., Tuesday afternoon, March is. jiere is a raiechance to become owner of a valuable piece of residence property, in agood neighborhood.BEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest .quality Red Clovjr,Alslke, Tmiothy, Seed Oats,Caftan Seed Maal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-fyV o "AT $HE ALAMO AND AND PAKISfcriLflJUJ. fAt the Paris Grand, Friday andSaturday Zarrow Zig-Zag Girls,presenting Minature-Muslor Comedyof the betterr elass;, one show eachnight, beginning ffat - 7ji 30 p. ih.Picture prograra;at the, AJamo only -CharlesRay, in "String- Beans;"Carol -Holloway and Antonio Moreno,'in "The Lightining Haider ;" 'HearstNews -Picture.PiMtirA Pmrram to-morrow . at.The Xlamo Rex. Beach production,'"Too at to Fightr Smiling BillParsons, in "Proposing Btfl;"' Current Events. ""Double program, Monday, at TheAlamo and The Grand -Mrs. Chas.Chaplin, in "For Husbands Only;"Frank Mclntyre, in "Th. Travelingedy, "Waoe-LrttlI-Wlf ArevYouTGirls7 Basket BallTournament -Friday and Saturday, March14 and IS, at Y. M. C. A.:THE HBST GlLS, TOUENAMENTEVlbt HELD Df THE STATE :There has beenmorfr interest ingirls' basket balL in Kentucky thisyear than for many years, and manystrong , teams have been aeveiopea., Some of the best teams in theState will play in the Paris Tourna-,ment' Friday and Saturday. ''. Tbie following schools will play:'Maysvllle'HigbT "' "' Winchester City High."Clark County High,Georgetown High,Paris High.. .--SCHEDULE OF ELAY-;-Friday. 3:00 p. .m. - - - ;- U.- 'Friday, 7:30 pm. , -fSatufday,9:00 a.m. ' , ?' Saturday, :00 p. m. .Saturday, 7:30 p. m. ,Suitable awards winbl.giyen theteam winning" first pla.ee .Jand-; heteam winning second place.s 1'VV,3imge AomiMion. 7 ; . r.stv uWANTEDTo rent five or six-room house orat; electricity, bathgas, convenientlocation."7 v ,CAPT. HUGH CAMPBELL,Quartermaster Depot, JeffersonviUe,Indiana. , -. (14-4t)M M i B.M.Executrix' Notice.All persons having claims againsttne estate of Luther Ashcraft, arehereby requested to r present them,properly proven, as required by law,to -the undersignedJExecutrix, or toMr. Wallace W. Mitchell, at theFarmers & Traders; Bank, for payment. ' " ,v .All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the saidLutner Ashcraft are requested tomake prompt and full payment ofsuch, indebtedness vwith me.MRS. LUTHER ASHCRAFT,' Executrix Estate Lather Ashcraft.(14-3t) '.aflpiUMM" aMMjIflUflMiTwenty Days Letts r ,x In Which to Get20 Per Cent Off of Our Tremendous Stock ofFurniture, Wall Paper, Rugs and Linoleums.IKsfflHlMHIassassllillHUIThe fair Annex!Exclusive Wall Paper !fAvs VWwe-uovef:Read every week 'what we say abouVJvxrmsVk'm youv VomerSCUiWe Are Makingthe Sales in theFace of All Competition! To Come to OurStore is to Buy Here.s our line anket'Our prices.-t Would, be gad to Jiave my friends Jekll on me. .' . i& E. SOKLAin), Manager..(14-lt) v " "Wall Paper!S. E. BOBANi; PLAIN AOT DEC-OEATri; PAPER HANGER.' Call vCiimberland Phoe- 410.Orders left at THE FABEt STOREwill receive, .prompt attention '(14-lt- -.. .'-wyV?.Our February and MarchSale Has Been a TremendousSuccess!Vhy? Because .we havedone exactlys " as we aavruau.We are also showingsomeExtraSpecialsinOdd PiecesWe mty have justwhat you wantir- VTHE J. T.1 HINTONmAtad HFiPSE- MOTOR INVALID COACH 'UNDERTAKINGIIJIV Jl m mmmi mm7 n r-r w s'Ssixth and:maiin ;snrs..,.- vVi-ins.&V""Max sixTHEBOlJllBOlfHEWSlPAXK,: XEiMEllTRIDAT, MillCH 14, 111.XI."feVvv-tA4 ''VYou'ref Bilious JTake CascaretsPleasant relief for liver .andbowels, and cost 10c abox no gripe!Feel grand! Be efficient! Cleanyour torpid liver and sluggish bowels with good, harmless Casc&rets.They don't gripe or sicken. Giveyour in sides a good cleaning and ridyourself of headaches, "bilious spells,dizziness, sallowness, bad breath,stomach sourness, gases, etc. Cheerup! Get a 10-ent box from anydrug store. Also best cathartic for"bilious, constipated children tasteslike candy, but never fails. Cascareta work while you sleep.(adv)SHOTOR TRUCK WATT, SERVICEDISCONTINUED.The motor truck mail service es--tablishedas an experiment some times&go between Paris, Cynthlana andFalmouth has been discontinued.'The inspectors who watched the experiment submitted a report to theeffect that the service had been verylittle patronized and that it was aneedless expense. In which the general public concurred.PIMPLY? WELL, DON'T BE!Beople Notice It Drive Them Offwith Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsAJimpIy face will not embarrass yojnuchtfonger if you get a package of DcEdwards Olive Tablets. The skin shouldbegknto clear after you have taken thetablets? a few nights.Cieaase the blood,the bowetsand tbetiveriwthBn Edwards' Olive Tablets, the successful-substitutefor calomel; there's neverany itckness or pajn after taking them.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwhichcajomel does, and just aseffectivdy,but their action is gentle and safe insteadof severa-and irritating.No -one who takes Oihre Tablets isever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a bad teeath, a dull, listless, no good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets jasea purely vegetable compound mixedwith olive oil; you will know themby their oSve color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients affiic&ed with liver and bowelcompiamts, nd Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective resultTake one or two nightly for a week.See how much better you feel and look.20C and 25c per box. All druggists.Plant FloweringShrubs NowJPIwerins ahrubc &r 'Viduafe laMcap material. TJiey at economicalWeatuw -they mature rapMty. xfood collection will present thegreatest variety of .color tarouyouttM aeaaen both in flowera feUasea4 berries. W'e Jiave.. ever. lM, varieties described In enr catalogue,Yktefc will be sent free oa request.1 , " -Both TfCrescentSfcPhones 11 $t Mathews3W'NOTICE!Fruit and Shade Trees4 Sbrawberry PlantsClimbing VinesSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinesPerennials- . HedgeingRosesEtcEverything for the Orchard," Lawn and Garden.Free Illustrated Catalogs.NO AGENTS.H. F. HILLENMEYER&S0NSCAIDIEAE G3B01fS':aSK$-.'SUPiPORT FOR W.S.S. WORK JsCardinal Gibbons has tesued a callo his fellow countrymen" to give thejheartiest support to the Governrtment's campaign to promote the sale,of War Savings'8 Stamps. 'The aplpeal of Cardinal Gibbons reads asfollows: . t ,"By continuing the sale of Wariof War Savangs Stamps. 'Tfte, ap-iGovernment has offered to every'man, woman and child anopportunity for the display of practical peacetime citizenship by becoming an investor in the securities of his country. It also offers to each an opportunity for self-improvement by giv-Jing a chance to save small amounts!regularly and systematicallyanch toinvestigate them wisely."In the hard school of war wehave learned much that should be ofvalue to us and to our country In thedays of readjustment. We have learnthe necessity of saving. Indeed itwas saving that brought us the victory the willingness of the peopleto save money, to save coal, to savefood. The man, woman or child whb"has learned to spend wisely and lookforward to the future, and to layonly 'helping himself, but is becoming-a"better and more useful citizen."We should welcome the opportunity-affordedby our Government tocontinue the saving habit To buyWar Savings Stamps is the clearduty of every American citizen,young and old."1 urge all our clergy to promotethis campaign by every means intheir -power. I urge the good peopleto give it their heartiest support and"from the splendid evidences of theirpatriotism shown in the last twoyears, I am confident that it willmeet with great success."I Shall follow with profound interest the result of this movement,for much of the future of our blessedcountry -will depend upon the outcome. "J. 'CARDINAL. GIBBONS."te!5&oj-jv--iSwTtJfflfWWBay Wisido-w (Lenses.Toric Lenses are curved lenses,which have many advantages overthe old flat styles.Toric Lenses combine efficiencyand beauty.Toric Lenses widen the angle ofvision and are more becoming.Why not have your ,old correctionground into the new Toric style?Our prompt and efficient service costyou no 'more than service less good.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty Damage- LiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesa. j. fe:eAGENTE"EE.t;sI TobaccomCottonl. ATjJLGRADESSee Us For, The BestPricetwin Bros.j1? Tzm?: , erivssisP'C&Mr ki'im&E.avVSJfa5sStyii iiIRKED YEARSON IIS FORMULAChemist Made Meritone Medicineof Merit Contains 'Sixteen IngredientsThe wonderful merit of Meritoneasa medicine for the ills of the human system is due to the .years ofa trained chemist spent on Meri-f tone's formula.This trained chemist would notrelease Meritone for sale toithe general public until he felt satisfied inhis own mind that it was a medicinefor the stomach, liver or kidneys, catarrh, rheumatism, nervousness, lackof appetite and the like, without asuperior anywhere.The expert knowledge this manhad of vegetable medicinal ingredients probably is one of the big reasons why Meritone is such an unusalmedicine. After much experimentinghe selected sixteen such vegetablemedicinal ingredients and "blendedthem into the one highly beneficialmedicine, Meritone.- Because of its real merit, the success Meritone has- gained is not surprising. It was confidently expected.Thousands of men and1 women inmany different States praise Meritone highly because relief it hasgiven them and hold it as the medicine of their jchoice is cases of system ills.Meritone; is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)Dietetic Habits.Some people eeem to think that avegetarian is a curiosity. A roughcalculation shows that the populationof the world, now estimated approximately at 1,600,000,000, is said to bedivided as to dietetic habits about asfollows: Strict vegetarians, 250,000,000; practically vegetarians, but eating a little fish or flesh, 450,000,000;eating meat about once a week (onhigh days and holidays), 500,000,000;eating meat daily and sometimes morethan once a day, 400,000,000.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: "The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman caine to this officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty "Republican. He scrutinized itit carefully when copy was handedhim, and then said: 'Now I know!''What is it, you are looking for," weinquired.- 'My wife sent me after abottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and I forgot the name. I went toseveral stores and the clerks namedover everything in the line on theshelf except 'Chamberlain's' I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."TJhe Republican would suggest to theproprietors of stores, that they posttheir clerks, and never let them substitute. Customers lose faith in storeswhere substituting is permitted, tosay nothing of the injustice to makers of good goods and the disappointment of customers.(adv) mar). oMethod."How did you get the reputation ofbeing so wise?" VI talkwith a mantill 'I discover something he doesn'tknow anything about. Then I pretendto explain it to him." WashingtonSta'"h?TOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of tiaje andcan be depended upon.' (adv) mar)BRIGHTER-EVENINGSNothing i.adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.ViseQlectricityTor Cigtoftg .It's the only satisfactory way.use SetsWpMttdMIt's the only sensible plan.Let-tit Fir You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity tod Cat.iniWn011 HW .CookingOTNEWS TO jDThe papers 11 -through CentralKentucky for the past few weekshave been brimful of sale advertisements, and, it looked for a while asif the whole worlds of farmers had,;made up their minds to .leave off tilling the soil, or at least'they seemedto be seeking new lpcations. Andallthis required-the selection of a goodadvertising medium.Every week's issue has proved theefficacy of THE NEWS as an advertising mediiim. All the people readTHE NEWS every member of thefamily reads THE NEWS and everybody knows what a valuable territory it' has covered in disseminatingthe news and advertising-in the past.Advertisements in THE NEWS havebrought the advertisers substantialresults. Then, too, everybody knowsthat THE 'NEWS has a modern, up-to-date,'well-equipped job printingplant, under the supervision of menwho know every phase of the business. Advertisers have sought the columns of THE NEWS because theyknew they would get results. Theyhave told us so, and therefore, thereis no harm in "blowing our ownhorn' just a little bit. In the futurethose who have unsuccessfully triedother means of publicity would dowell to come to THE NEWS. It paysto advertise and especially so inTHE NEWS.mm tobaccoFACTS FROM THECYCLOPAEDIAIns Ose of Flavorings Deternmes Difference In BrandsThs Encyclopaedia Britannica saysabout: the manufacture of smoking tobacco: ". . .on the Continent and inAmerica, certain 'sauces' are employed. . . the use of the 'sauces' is to improvethe flavour and burning qualities of theleaves." Which indicates that a smoker'senjoyment depends as much upon theflavoring used as upon the tobacco.Your nose is a sure guide in the matter of flavorings. Try this simple testitheveral tobacco brands: pour sometobacco into your palm, rub briskly,and smell. You will notice a distinctdifference in the fragrance of everybrand. The tobacco that smells best toyou will smoke best in your pipe, youcan rest assured.Carefully aged, old Burley tobacco,plus a dash of pure chocolate, givesTUXEDO Tobacco a pure fragranceyour nose can quickly distinguish fromany other tobacco. Try it and lee.EACH WEEK-PBOTES-V;THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Total Sales for the' o6,116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47We hold the season average for the ParisMarket and State of Kentucky, (Books Shown in Proof of Above Claims.) 'fc - ,AWe Lead theThe Bourbon' - -I There has becfnJ no-raise in priceTO iV' l'51 KTThis economical table-bsvcr&pe cordmncs tobe.fhe looicc- rof ihg coffeewhen health, or "ether reasons dictate aie-o9kNOTABlTOrmSTEmB M.m nilA MAN AND HIS WIFE)LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40(Incorporated)Plenty of Room to Get' v Drive Right In!Tobacco Warehouse Co.tfH . -OTS-drmksrmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn aid soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.GLEANERHome Phone 169In!.Seasonwvr'wM ;M-aB'-.Br , ?JbIa(Incorparattd). Lexing ton, Kentflcky vX2S-MO) 'Paris Gas & Electric Co..PARIS, KENTUCKYV'HtHHMaifli h. ,vfw fViDepartment Store.Main anti 7th Paris, Ky.X,FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1919.TEE BOTOBOfF HEWS, PAWS, TXSTUCZTliOXSXTSIsrTTST OF DOHOBS TOTHE KEMOp.TAt, nJHD.Mr and Mrs. R, B. Hutch-" craft and daughters $500.00Jee9e Tumey JJ25SSo, Hinton. 100.00HA. Power 100.00j T. Collins 100.00Ed. Slmms 100.00iord Brent 100.004. B. Hancock 100.00Bd Burke 100.00Catesby Spears ISS'2?j M. Hall 100.00jas. Caldwell 100?W A. Thomason 100.00Sain Clay 100.00or. H. Jones and Son 100-XXMr. and Mrs. Chinn 100.00H.S.Caywood 100.00Jas.L. Dodge 100.09Walker Buckner rXX 'XXW. T. BucknerWu D. MclntyreVol Ferguson . .R. C. Talbott .C. Woodford, Sr.,T. H. ClayAlfred ClayGeo. w. dayX L. Stephenson 50.00H.S.Henry 50.00j. H. Thompson 1000Ford & Co 50.00Kr And Mrs. H. I Thompson 50.00Harris & Speakes 50.00Sm Fred Wallis .50.00j. Frank Clay .F. M. Clay ....A. D. Leach .v. .Miss Lucy SimmsSnk&Co 5000Se, W.Davis 50.00S. R. Burris 100.00Rogers Burris 50.00O. P. Mann 100.00John Brennan gJ-J"Ed. Hinton ..Albert HintonW. H. Whaley100.00100.00100.00100.00100.0050.0050.0050.00Meng ' 50.00100.0050.0050.0050.0050.0050.0050.0050.00E.' J. Burris ?...,...- 50.00Geo. Batterton . 50.00John Woodford 50:00Mrs. Jasper Offutt 50.00Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Rose- ,.berry 50.00S. E. Bedford 50.00Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Bell 50.09Denis Dundon 50.00W. G. McClintock . . . 50.00J. C. Bryan and Son 50.00A. G. Jones - 50.00W. M. Jones 50.00C. M. Thomas 50.00j J. Redmon . . . 50.00Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Conneli 50.00Wood Buckner 50.00Mr. and Mrs. Walter Shrop-shire.. . .v... . . '. . .. 50.00Will Sparks 50.00W. M. Rogers 50.00Harry Baldwin . . 50.00Newt. Kendall ,. . 50.00Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick 30.00Matt Lair 35.00Matt Bedford 35.00L. K. Rice .'. 25.00A- S. Thompson . 25.00M. J. Lavin 25.00t o Marshall 25.00Geo. Wilder 25.00Ed. Gorey . . 25.00S. K. Nichols ' 25.00Stanhope Wiedemann 25.00C. K. Thomas ' 25.00J. C. Kenney 25.00Jas. Buckner 25.00John P. Young 25.00Walter Kenney 25.00J. D. Booth ao.uuDr. F. P. Campbell 25.00John Merringer ' 25w00J. W. Davis & Co 50.00Martin Doyle 25.00-Fred Fister ? 25.00-Pete Cain 25.0-0J. M. Russell 25.00Elmer Myers 4 25.00J. J. Grosche 25.00Peale Collier - - 25.00John L. Soper zo.vuFrom County to Comnty in15 Minutes By4TRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & TerminalCo.OurClienteleGrows25.0.025.0025.0025.0925.0025 0D50.0025.0025.0050,0025.00Not Upon Promisesbut uponPerformancesWt art Plonttrs inDry Cleaning andDyeingIn Business Since 1836'Prompt DtUvtrftsB. M. Dicfcson . . . . rC.-3. MitchellMrs. Dr. J. T. BrownPrank Collins -W. B. Allen A.J. S. WilsonMrs. T. H. TarrHopkins Bros.Mrs. W. O. Shropshire ...VL B. Arderym Anna. Belle Wallace. .1,ui or- AnJohn M., Lair '"Mr. and Mrs. J. W. aacon. . -""Stamps Moore . t . 5.00G. R. Burberry w . . . 25.00Ben Woodford, br.f . . . v. . . .-YXTalbot Bros 50.00Miller Lail 4 25.00John M. Clay 25.00John Kiser 25. 00John Roseberry E2aErnest Darnabyand Mother 25.00Mrs. J. J. RedmonI Bruce Miller 5.00Pearce Paton o-"Tom Allen 25.00William Collins . . .- aXJ. M. Scott , ie-"xzo.uu, .. 10.0010.00150010.0010.00THE TEASDALE CO.625-927 Walnut St.CINCINNATI(mar4-lmo)" . - . xD. C. Parnsh (county;j T. VansantH. M. CollinsClay GaitsKlilT. W. apicerto. r TVndRrmW. T. TalbottL. M. Vanhook 10.00Paris Ice Co 10.00Lee Kirkpatrick 10.00Phil Nippert '.. jw."Frank M. Burton . . .N J2.5UMiss Clara Bacon Ju-VftKerslake & Son 15.00L. A. Soper .............. 10.00Miss Kate Alexander . l 10.00B. J. Brannon . 10.00Cahal Bros. '., 20-00Clay Sutherland . . I 10.00F. M. Tinder 10.00H. T. Adair 10-00Miss Grace HaskinsWm. Grannon ....Burris"Norman Huffman 10.0PMr. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard 10.00Mrs. W. M. Rogers t 10.00.Mrs. Redmon Talbott 10.00Miss Lou Williams 10.00Mrs. Ernest Martin 10.00Miss Elizabeth Steele 10.00Miss Nancy Griffith 10.00S. E. McClanahan 10.00W. A. Welsh 15.00M. R, Jacoby x 50.00Miss Elizabeth Cay wood 10.00 ,Mrs. T. T. Templin 10.00 iHenley Napier 10.00 iMiss Lucille Caywood 10.00 !Richard Caywood 10.00Misses Ollie and LoraineButler ...... 10.00D. G. Taylor " 10.00Maher Bros v. 10.00I. D. Thossjson 10.00Thos. Drwnan 2I.H0G. O. Tuck &Ca - 25.00R. M. Johnson 10.00 jG. M. Mansfield 25.00Misses Katherino and MaryMurphy 10.00 ;Harold Harris iu.uuMr. and Mrs. J. A. urr iu.uuMr. and Mrs. C. H. Shepherd 10.CF0Mrs. W. B. Woodford 15.00Gano Hildreth 10.00"Mrs. Carl Mitchell - 10.00Mack Grimes j.v uuLucien and Clifton Arnspar-ger 15-00Joe Leach 10.00Mrs. L. M. Vanhook 10.00Mrs. W. W. Judy 10.JJNewt. Taylor, Jr., JJR. S. Darnaby JMIMrs. Sallie Hedges .00Miss Ollie Chambers 5.00Thos. Cain 5.00Mrs. Helen Forsyth . ., 5.00Mrs. Corne Baird 5.00Daugherty Bros. -. . 25.00H. B. Flthian J-OJJMaurice Clark "?Miss Mary Woods o.tfDr. K. W. Jameson o.ooChas. Duncan 2"22I. L. Price ' 5.0JRobert Spencer .otj. R. Grinnell 5.00Miss Helen Cain . . 5.00Robert Cain 5.00Mrs. Frank Jacobs 5.00Mrs. Harry Collins 5.00S.' T. Chipley 5-00Robert Porter 5.00P. J. McCord 5.00Mrs. Mollie James o.liyMrs. John A. ana toy dm.uimanThos. TaulMiss Elizabeth GrimesThos. Leachr T ATtitR. F.' Shropshire " 5.00Wm. Redmon . . ! ""Joe Shawhan "J. C. MerringerW. C. Grosche 5.00R. McDermott o.vvE. Lusk 5.0tMaria Lyons o.uuFranklin o-uLawrence Price """Mr. and Mrs.-J. L. Burley. . 5.00T TV XfnniiTltnclC O.UU5.005.005.005.005.00Clarence WrigKt. Jli.. j 15.00Matt Lair .-- T 15.00MatTHume Bedford, Jr. 15:00Horace M. Bridges 1.00F. Jaynes Savage . l.COS. E. Bedford J $10.00R. P. Dow 5.00Dr. F. M. Faries - 2.00C. H. Dalzell (for Don) 10.00Howard Carr 1.00Alice Lucas 2.00Mrs. John C. Howell, (Heidel-burg, Ky) 1.00Irwin Taylor's children (Chicago) 25.00Harry Jones n 5.00John Ireland 1.00Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill $10.00Alfred Chanslor Strode $ 5.00J. G. Rogers 5.00Chas. F. Lucas 1.00Squire Lucas 1.00N. B. Moss 1 2.00Frank Parks 2.00J. B. Stipp 10.00FMBk DeJarnett 2.50Rob Johnson 5.00W. C. Bell 1.00Frank Buchanan 1.00T. S. Drenan 5.00Mrs. Lina Peterson and LizziePeterson (Millersburg) $10.00J. D. Wright - 5.00J. Bennett Tarr 2.00Forrest Letton ,5.00Davis Stevens 1.00George B. Minter $ 1.00Charlton Alexander 10.00Russell G. Peterson , (Millersburg) 10.00Joe H. Ewalt, Jr., 1.00Anne Thomas Ewalt 1.00Clay T. Ewalt 2.00Joe H. Ewalt 6.00UXJLXH. l. X. law .uvfMr. and Mrs. Walter Tatfe 5.00J. M. Jiusseii o.uuH. O. James and Carlton Williams 5.00A. Adami $5.00C. AVEllis 1.00Roy Galloway 3.00Dr. Padgett u - 1.00J. S. Sears .J- 1.00Lou Sears , 1.00K: L. (war wager) - 5.00J. C. Bounds, Hagerstown, Md 1.00Imperial Encampment No. 68I. 0. 0. F J $30.00L. L. Hough- 5.00Mrs. Robt. Link 1.00Mrs. W. H. Piper 1.00Nannie D. Clark z.uuErnest Hough 1.00James Hinton.., 1.00o ,lis mm ll VI W k1If. nnndh Ijr. In tfre J-p i ' sealed.a Nilv); i " r 's-fflmsv . , jsssl : jizzi. '3ofhcial list of boitrbon'shonoeeddead:J.R..MissDr. W. R.V5.015.005.005.005.00WillGeo. Stuart .G. W. ByltheMr. and Mrs.M. J. Murphy15.0010.0010.0025.0010.0625.00MMMtttttttl IfIWantaManG. H. BlytheMrs. Lucy Price TellerAfisses Louise and CatherineKenneyGarrett Jefferson . . . .RTniiaton RionSam Harding . . ." 25.00ToTm Snears 5.00Tom McClintock 5.00Tollie Young ! 25.00Blair Varden 5ooJas. Arkle 5.00r XX HnlHftr 5.00J. S. Haskins 10.00Mrs. Robert Goggin 5.00Jas. P. Lail . . . 5.00Mrs. Leer Stout . . . 5.00Miss Farrell 5.00Har'ey Hibler '5.00N. A. Moore 10.00Mrs. Tom Morris 5.00Fred Burgin o.vvRobt. Rose, Motner ana bister Fred LinkJas. L. ShanksMrs. Tom CainWalter Blythe . "xu "P WornallMrs. Ernest Hough LOOMrs. E. F. Spears S5.00Miss Elizabeth Spears 2.ooKeith Spears 25.00Miss Mary Spears '. . . . f.""3.002.505.002.001.0025.00fc. :1I desire the assistance ofat least one man in thisipmmu-,nity all or part "of his time ona financial proposition of greatmerit.tI am willing to arrange un-'' usual remuneration for thk workand can' give cordial support andco-operation to the man who undertakesit. Libetl advertisingthrough the Press; 'If Interested; I wish youwould give' this matter -thoroughand complete investigation.Call on -op address10.001.005.00'2.001.0010.0010.00VT.T.201 SUrfc. Bldf.LbuitTill, Ky.SJFf-Waiter PayneHenry ClayFrank CheekHamlett and Wm. Collier. .Joe CollierR. L. CollierT?tirtr1rwTi DavisJohn W. Yerkes .uMrs. Florence Davis vwMrs. If.'Gaitskill J-00William Mashall J.ooGeo. L. Doyle ., 10.00Frank P. White 5.00fViae A Webber 25.00Harrys- Clay . . ., 25.00Bruce Holladay 10.00Previously Acknowledged:Below are cash subscriptions previously received and which are now ondeposit in bank to aid in erection ofthe Soldiers' Memorial:Marion A. Douglas $&.uuJ. Ed. Doyle J.OOMrs. Annie E. Biggie 1.00Mrs Wm. Tarr 2.00Harry Rodes Smith r.5'22"Cash" C. $10.00Carl Williams 100Jim. Cooper '- -1.00G. T. jrwrtner "Wrrv Brent Fithian 1.00"7TJ "v ij. js. nupKinsgf U. jsannisxrA: B. Wagers -R. C. RugglesTir. OLrL.'Rankin"'cvij-., ennSm,weapnersE. 3V'Burris , 5.00Mack Girmea 1.00Hedge Rash T 5.00J. E Kriegel : ?.00H. Ti Judy i-wW. F. Frendburg iN. H. Baylew 4 f.OOW. H. Whitley 1 5.00Will S. Arnsparger T 2.00rw H. TB. FoEtr 1 5.00Charles Peddicord 1 5.00rLauthman Woods l.uoFrank Burton v .Dr. A. H. Keller 1 2.00Madison Smoot r J-gffLouii Turner --pJ-WwMajor Henry ,F. Rhodes, UU;S. Army ---,. Ak 5.00'Mrs. Came F. Ston - .00&:vuThe official record of BourbonCounty casualties during the war embracing 18 killed, 1 missing and 1reported in action and later reportedMrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, County-Historian, as follows:James Mahomey, reported as missing. 'Charles 'Adair," Paris, Kentucky,died of disease at Camp Taylor, Ky.Bishop . Batterton,JPrivate, Paris,KV.. died of wounds.John Blythe, Private, BourbonCounty, died ot disease at CampMeade, Md.Charles G. Butler, Private, Pans,Kv.. R. D. 8, died of disease at CampMeade, Md. mJames E. Cain, Private, Pans, Ky.,killed in action. w,nHarry Hubble Chinn, R. F. D. 7,Paris, Ky.5.died of disease at CampTaylor, Kyi ,.,.,.Ctonnie Dunnigan, Private, Pans,Kv., died" of -disease at Salt LakeCity, Utah. . EWm. A. Huddleston, JbTnvare, mvStoner Avenue, Paris, Ky.died otdisease at Camp Taylor, Ky. .Captain Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr.Paris, Ky., killed in action.Kelley B. Osborne, Private, Austerlitz, K., died of disease, overseas.Leslie' Raymond Link, Hutchison,Kv.. died of disease at Great Lakes,IUs. . .Samuel Roberson, Sergeant, Pans,Ky,, killed inaction, now reportedwounded. , A,Robsrt M. Rice, Corporal, NorthMidiletown, Ky., died of disease atCam Meade, Md. .Luther C. Shanks, Private, Pans,Ky., R. . P. 7, died of wounds.William Vice, Private, R. F. D. 4,Paris, Ky.-, died of disease at CampSheridan, Ala.'Elirin Dalzell. North Middletown,Hied of disease at Philadelphia NavyYard. ' .....mtfier Prewitt, Private, JNortnMiddletown, Ky., died of woundsoverseas. .W. W. Stickrod, Sergeant, Pans,Ky., killed in action.Joseph W. Holt, Sergeant, Pans,KV.. died of disease at Covington.Resolutions On. The Death Of TheLate Thomas Henry Clay, JrAH of Its goodnesssealed in ,ProtecteAr preserved.The flavor lasts!for;. anT be SUREito get WRIGLEY'SV Ifs ina sealed: package Bat lookfor the name-the GreatestName in: Goody -Land.&it aIVRIGLEYSTMS PEKFw ki -m igum rux VI 3 .jTSealed Tight Kept WgntfI Bourbon LaundrysMtVHTelephone-Nk. 4IIXX& FUNK ProprietorsWest Fifh Streebj SATISFAGTIOUR WATCHWOftKWith all the latest imprxwe, ments in laundry.applianeesana expert helpers we areprepared to do work, inferior to none, and solicityour patronage. ' 'The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyKUUKJiSJ'V,Xi;::xXItIIIIXIXIXIXI.- A fiXBKXiIX!-v"'.Big Special!W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR ,Motor EquipnMtfit.BOTH PMWIES-DAY 137 J ffGHT 299.Corner Fifth Md Ptasant Strftts, Paris, Ky. ,ixiXXSKX!IX;I'.1.001.0010.00..5.00B.00rv10 Pound BucketPureLard$2.50rMftRGQLEN'SNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919 -Order No. 2495 of tht Ttlagrapb and Telephone AAmloLitratseeiissued by the Poetmaater (Haecml at Waaoiiaroa, Decemher lZVt, a atoll rate ia rdrd effeotlTe aauarry 21, 1911.According VVour.lnrKeUtlon .of thla oraer the toll rates willclassified aa follows: Th'e day rate appliee between tke hour ol 4: Itmand':30-. m, ' ImWsPH hVJ1Ntcht rate between 5: 19 an 13 mianisnt ior stanotpiaiwB. esagea only. Bhsil be mpproxlaiatelx 50 per oemt. leea thiAaaT-Jaeeaitout no night rate for lees than 2S cents. yAnother night rate between 12 midnigat.aad 4:30;. ol ihaU-beaeproximately 75 per cent less than the day rate, but no night rate' leftthan -25 cents. ti3Sr V1-, " - - ,. ,Person-to-person messages shallbe approximately 25. per oemtiiirhAr than atation-to-ststfon rates. --' Mf rt iAppointment calls shall se'rapiroxlpiatelr SO per cent hfgherstation-tonrtauon calls.Calls which require service of a messenger shall tate thement rate, plus cose or messsmgexiee. .A report charts .of approximatly 25 per cent, of thestatloa-lsj nation rate will be mads onU ftrson-to-person calls, when person eetIs not in br .will not talk-or if party calling Is out when connection 4spleted within one nour .arter mixng ume.' Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.appeint-.'V H KMvm'rm -tlMMMMMIIIMMMMMtt I rjVTrt s'sVsVurti TCsCCi.5.00Sanitary Meat MarketJ. J. fATCH. -V' ; nktrist Manager.):XcumonLMalr!Ifv-it'rrf'A1-X-- V"N?' . jT - '"ST" vn.'-wur" W-- .i.$yHBAM EIGHTTHE BOUBKHf ' HEWS, PARIS, lEHTUCXtFRIDAY, MARCH 14, lfX J.-'"7TV'AirAI'$4:4U.vfV,lVToday and TIIEDABIQ TPAMH Friday and SaturdayTomorrow 1 lAKlO UKAWLF MarcH 14th and 15thZARROW'S ZIG ZAG TOWN GIRLSPresenting Miniature Musical Comedies of the Better Class.- .New Show Each Night. Starts at 7.30V 2 .TO-DAY'S PICTURE PROGRAMThos; M.'lnce PresentsCHARLES RAYin "STRING BEANS"Carol Holloway and Antonio MorenoIn "The Ligtnlng Raider,' andHearst News.PICTURE PROGRAM TOMORROWRex Beaches '"Top Fat to Fight"A 300oun& patriot bucks the line for his Uncl Sam.Smiling -Bill Parsons in "Bill Proposes," and Current Events.EDWARD VAN LEEUWEE ORCHESTRA s-GSaTSAlamo and Paris Grand- . . - . ,Double Program Monday, March 17thNMrs. Charlie Chaplin-in-"For Hubands Only"But dont forget to bring.your wife. A big dramatic treat ;far the, entire. - family.Frank MclntyreMrf"The Traveling Salesman"Paramount-Sennett Comedy, - '.-. ;'.."Whose Little Wife Are You?":- lO AND 20 CENTSWar Tax Included. " tj MILLERSBURG: -S a Mr. T. H. Thompson is able to. "be out again.i)-. -i Mr. D. M. Hurst, of Winchester,S was here on business Monday.I; The C. Wr P.. M. met Wednesdayij afternoon at the home of Mrs. J. H-lY-Stewart. . "1 ,-s-Mrs. Monroe Leer and Miss, JMartha Smith were guests of honor' af a-ilining given Tuesday by Mrs.x ..jB 'Smith. . ,-t mr. ana mrs. jsayies uetseu ar,rivqd -Monday, and are with their.jflaushter Mrs. R. M. Caldwell. Mr.DeSell has accepted work for thepresent with Mr. E. T. Sheeler.- ." Dr. Plummer, veterinary sur--geon,is confined to his home suffer-ing from a wound on his hand, whichbecame infected while treating amule which was suffering from lockJawl : -Miss Ethel Fisher left TuesdayfOr New York, and will sail on March22 foj France, where .she goes as anentertainer for the Y.-M. C. A. MissFisher is indeed accomplished andw f make good. -- -Mr. Allen Markland, son of Mr.antl Mrs. John Markland, has-enlist-e4in the United States Navy. Helias been assigned to the trainingcamp at the Great Lakes Training'Station, near Chicago."'Richard White,, a well-knowncolored citi7en and merchant of thetown, died here yesterday. ' He wasons of the old landmarks of Milressburg, and was well known by allwho have resided here in the pastthirty years.Mrs,-G. W. Mathers, aged aboutSeventy, died Monday at 3f30 p. m'.,i after a lingering illness, of a x complication of diseases. She had 'beenin failing health for the past twowas active. The interment tookplace Wednesday at 10:30 a. m., after ta short service at. the grave byher pastor, Rev. W. W. Morton.Besides her husband, Mrs. Mathersis survived by two nieces, Mrs. JoePenn Redmon and Mrs. James Caldwell, and one nephew, Charles Layson, all of Bourbon county Thepall-bearers at the funeral were Jno.McPaniel, Wm. Ross, Charles Martin,Oscar M. 'Johnson, James Butler andDavid Clarke. Among those fromout-of-town in v attendance at thefuneral and burial were: W. J.Kennedy, Harry Kennedy, Will Ross,Dr. George Spencer, Mr. and Mrs.Young, Mrs. Edith Young, and Mrs.Byrd Hillock, of Carlisle; Dr. HarryMathers, Mrs. Napier, Mr. and Mrs.Henry Judy and Mr. and Mrs. JamesCaldwell, of Paris.o'-h DEATHS.CLOUGHAgnes Lee Clough, six-months'old daughter of Wmf and Drusie Hudnall Clough, died Tuesday morningat eleven o'clock at the home of herparents, in East Paris, after a shortillness. The funeral was held Wednesday afternoon at two o'clock,with services conducted at the graveby Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church.services conducted by Rev. Carey F.Moore. The interment followed inBattle Grove Cemetery.Mr. Cook was for many years engaged in the distilling business andlater went to farming. Returningto Cynthiana, he' became interestedin the hardware business under thefirm name of Cook & Ingels. He soldout his interest to his partner, Mr.W. H. Ingels, arid spent most of histime again in farming. He was married three. times, his first wife beingMiss Annie, Fa'rrell, of Covington.By this union, they had two sons,Will and Albert, both of whom' werstudents at one time in the old ParisPublic School, Mr. and Mrs. Cook residing here at that time. Mr. Cook'ssecond wife was. Mrs. Fannie Day.His third wife 'was ." Mrs. GeorgiaReid, of Harrison county, who survives, also one sister, Mrs. AnnieWilson, of Lexington. Po;MATRIMONIAL.MATHERS.The funeral of Mrs. C. W. Mathers, aged about seventy-one, wife ofDr. (J, W. Mathers, who died at thefamily home near Millersburg, Monday, was held Wednesday morning atteiTo'clock at the residence, with services conducted by Rev. W. W. Mor-,ton. The interment followed in theMillersburg Cemetery.Mrs. Mathers had been in declin-va v-e o n t fV cnmA imia f fi o -fa in 1 vJ-UAlf Cb&lU J.VJ1. fcVUl IrtJ-UW WU.W JLWUIAA-and friends-have realized that her G neann ior bome unu-.anu on la&icose was hopeless. All was done for Sunday mornmg was. stricken withher that medical aid could do. she J Paralysis, from the effects of whichihaving been under, the care at times fsne was unable to rally, never -re-ofspecialists, and spending a -good saining consciousness. She was the.part of the time in hospitals. Her daughter of Mr. and Mrs Orr, ofcondition, however, was not thought Nicholas county and the last survivtootbe immediately critical. Sunday g member of her family. She wasmorning about ten 'o'clock she was born in the same home m which sheout in the 'yard. Sunday afternoon jed near Millershurg. She was marsh grew worse, and continued so un- j d to D- Mathers in October 1879.Hil the end. She was formerly Miss J early life she united with theDannie Orr. a native of Nicholas J Presbyterian church of which shectfu-nty. her entire life having been na since been a faithful and devoutspent near the home of her birth. member. She is survived by herWhen a young wqman she was unit- j husband. .ed in marriage to Dr.. Unas. w. MMathers, and resided for a time in wvxv.o.linmft of her Mrth near Head- Mr. Wm. A. JooK. an old anaquarters. Later Dr. Mathers purchased thefarm of Mr. J. K. Judy,where- they lave; since resided. Shewa3"one-of a 'family of three, onebrother, and one sister; Mrs. W. M.I&yson, having preceded her to thegrave. She was a devout member ofthj Presbyterian church, and a liberal contributor to all its causes. Until 'the last two years her church lifeMarriage licenses .were issuedWednesday from the office-: of 'CountyClerk Fearce Patonto Fred D. -Bennettand Rose B. Adams, and Reynold Buckler and Delia Parker. The"latter couple -.were married at theresidence of the officiating ministerRev. R. C. Goldsmith, at Ninth andHigh streets.MORELAND MARTINMr. Charles O. Martin and MissAnnie Moreland, both of 'Paris, wentto Cincinnati, Wednesday, wherethey secured marriage "license, andwere married. The groom is a sonof' Mr. and Mrs. Carter.N; Martin,of Paris, and is associated with hisfather in" the management of ihePastinie,Jbilliard and pool room, onMain street, between Eighth andNinth streets. The brtde is thedaughter of Mr. Leonard-Moreland,residing on Second street. Mr. andMrs. , Martin, after a short honeymoonr trip, will return to Paris to reside.MiMr. Wm. A. Cook, an oldwell-known citizen of Cynthiana,known favorably to-most of the olderresidents of Paris, died recently athis winter home at Punta Gorda,Florida, where he had been spendingthe cold months each year -for a longtime. The body was brought to Cynthiana, where the funeral was heldyesterday afternoon at the PresbVrterian churci at two o'clock, withfMMIMIH HIIMHlMHlimMHimillMIIMII-xt2f' V3t- - J:The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERS ;1 r AND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.ferguson MckinleyAn announcement of more thanlocal interest was made' yesterdayI when news was 'given out of the engagement of Miss Martha Hume Ferguson, daughter of Mr. .and Mrs. Yol-inejr Ferguson, of near Paris, to Dr.Charles Miles McKinley, of theUnited States Army Medical Corps.I The wedding will take place in theearly spring.The bride-to-be is one of the. mostcharming and fascinating of theyounger society set of the county, ayoung woman possessed of more thanordinary physical' charms and whosewinsome ways have endeared her toa host of friends and acquaintancesthroughout the Bluegrass section.She is a member of the Delta Deltafraternity' at Hamilton College, t inLexington, where she was a studentfor several terms. Dr. McKinley hasbut lately returned from overseas,where he was stationed in the service with the American Expeditionary Forces as a member of the "Medical Corps.o zMUNSON AND WIFE REFUSE TOTESTIFY AT THIA1.EXTRORDINARY ENGAGEMENTLexington Opera House, Tuesday, April8thSymphonyOrchestra$..; EUGENE YSAYE, ConductorCOMPLETE ORCHESTRA, 90 MENMATINEE AND NIGHT " "Mail Orders Reserved in Order Received. Seat' Sale Opens Friday, Kfarch 28th, at theBen Ali Theatre:Matinee 55c to $1 .65. ... Night 5c ,to $2.75ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Local ManagerLEXINGTON COLLEGE OF MUSICSrWE'VEHADIT!The Carlisle Mercury says:orthethe"Lethargic Encephalata,sleeping sickness, is abroadland. We've had it, the disease attacking us in most aggravated format about the age of fourteen- Evenyet, early in the morning; when thebed is powerflly warm and the'room is powerfully cold) we havereturns of 'Lethargic Encephalata.'The name has a more pleasing andeuphonious sound than the one ourparental ancestors was wont tq usesome score of years ago when referring to the disease.';, o-FROTH PROSPECTS GOOD.Bourbon county fanners say prospects for a good fruit yield continuegood. While the winter has been amild one, yet there has not beeaeenough warm weather to swell' thebuds and render them too tender ostand the March freezes. IThose who want good fruit shouldeither get a spraying outfit of theirown or arrange with a reliable manto- spray their trees at , the, probertime.2fcdSlxthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . 56or Home 286Motor tquipmtftt,IAmbulance calls-promptly attended to with our jLimousine Invalid Coach- - . 'Hearst used for funeral purposes only.. BHMWaLlaLBa JBaaaaaaaajaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaMlr-V W.... Actingon the advice of their attorney, Frank Munson and his wife,Mrs. Hannah Munson, declined totestify at the inquest and also at thepreliminary trial in the case of Chas.Foley, who was killed last Sunday at721 Millwood avenue, in Cincinnati,when -Munson found him with Mrs.Munson at a boarding house. Mun-son-wasreleased on $2,000 bond, aridexpects to return to his six smallchildren at Hutchison, with his wife,pending the hearing of the murdercharge A gainst him. ,Foley was arrested in this citysome months ago by Chief of PoliceLink and Patrolman Lusk on acharge of evading the selective draftlaws. When searched a registrationcard was found in his possession,which upon investigation, was foundto be a , fraudulent on'e. He wasgiven a' hearing in the court, but wasreleased, as a conviction could not beobtained. He returned to Hutchison,where he had remained since.Foley's j body was buried by thecity of Cincinnati in the "potter'sfield" Wednesday. Relatives of Foley were unable to provide means ofgiving the body interment, CoronerBauer was notified. , 'o -In the West Indas the large plam'tree caterpillar is considered a greatfood luxury.0: , .CLEAN THEAll Winter Stos Musi G!Spring Goods now .arriving;' ; WeN.eed TheSHELVES!JRporrivE ?rFinal Reductions !Vsave bigThe foresighted shopper willmoney by taking advantage of this final; ;sale . -The economic loss from rats,in theTTT,Hoft fiVaf aaHs p.stimated at $2000.-Ladies' Mahog an)English, leather tops$6.00 values; 'atLadiesDarl GreyBoots, Louis Heel,18.00 values, at.....Ladies' Black Eng. orCuban Heel Boots,$400 values, at....Ladies5 assorted discontinued lines, 15 and$6 values at$4:505.95JZ.331.95fa -v " J'SPECIALLadies' Patent ICid Oxfords, Louisheel, $6 val. atMen's G. M. English,w.-u. ana otner ta-tQAGmousmakes,.$4.50 val.Ui"U$4.50$2.49$1.79Men Dark Tan English, $6.00 valuesMen's Gun MetalLace, E. & J. makes,$4.00 values atBoys'Lace,air .Gun$2.50Metalvalues,Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DAN COHENirPtfris' Gf eatesSboe StoreFWhere Beauty a.rid Economy Reig a ifit- '.'-!itpilllllllMMMItlMttIMMIlltlttriltloorOJO a yen. w 3 -J.,r t "ftirrt1U. "V 4NKV'sr-. sstts1 Af t ,