V ' ,--,. JbL.i im?gi?&r'$?r 'v.THE-.NEWS-iff".tstt"3 nPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 12. 1919BOURBONiEBIEtTY HANCOCK YEARLINGSBEING $143,500 AT SARATOGA SALE.Friday night's sale of yearlings almost duplicated the frenzied actionof the record market last Wednesdayand at times the bidding surpassedthat of any former time and was notconfined to any particular pair, butseemed to be general. The consignment consisted of the A. B. Hancockand Claiborne and Bllerslie Stud bredjuveniles, mostly sired by Celt, butUltimus, Fair Play, Wrack and JimGaffney also had sons and daughterslisted to go under the hammer.There were thirty head in the Hancock consignement and they sold fora total of $143,500, or an average of$4,783.40. Twelve other youngstersthat were sold comprised the property of Captain P. M. Walker, SamuelRoss and Frank Shannon. The combined forty-two head totaled the immense sum of $177,000, or a grandaverage of $4,214.30.The star of the sale was the CeltSand Dune colt offered by Mr. Hancock. The bidding for this fellowwas general until the $15,000 markwas reached, when it narrowed downdown to a three-cornered duel between Samuel D. Riddle, CommanderJ. K. L. Ross and P. T. Chinn, thelatter acquiring him on his bid of$22,500. The brown colt by CeltPatricia V. was another much coveted youngster, and he was bid onwith avidity to $15,000, at whichfigure he was bought by W. H. Karrick, acting for W. R. Coe. An outstanding incident attaching to thesale of the Hancock consignment wasthat not a single offering from his establishment brought less than $1,000. oUNSIGHTLY BILLBOARD REMOVED FROM COURTHOUSE LAWNiThe old billboard which was erected on the court house lawn for purpose of displaying patriotic advertising during the period of the world-'var, was removed yesterday, havingserved the original purpose. The oldboard had been an eyesore, with listattered "and torn paper dangling infhe breeze. It had also become ashelter for mischevious children andfor more questionable purposes, sothat its removal serves a good endand will give us again an uninterrupted view of the lawn. To strangers coming to the city it was a constant source of wonder that thethe board has been permitted to disfigure a pretty lawn so long. ButTHE NEWS is satisfied that the object has been attained and on behalfof the public extends a vote of thanksthat the board has been taken away.oMILLERSBURG BOY HONORED AT,. t STATE UNIVERSITY.Dr. Harry Best, Ph. D., a son of thelate Dr. Best, a former prominentphysician of Millersburg, has recently been honored by election to thechair of Sociology in the KentuckyState University.Dr. Best obtained his degree atColumbia University, New York,where, he has been studying for several years and gathering material inNew York for his two very valuablecontributions to the field of Sociology, "The Deaf; Their Postiion inSociety and the Provision for TheirEducation By the United States," andhis second book, "The Blind," whichis treated in the same manner.-oCAMP DANIEL BOONE RESERVATIONS FOR PARK.Reservations of ten places for ParisHigh School boys who may desire toattend the High School Conference atCamp Daniel Boone, August 25 toSeptember 1, have been secured bySecretary Z. L. Wilcox, of the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.Part of the time in the camp willbe spent in studying the leadershipunder a' force of competent instructors. Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,will arrive here from Columbia University in New York, about August25, and will take charge of the localdelegation.oGOOD ITSHING.While on a ' fishing trip on theTomock, near Daytona, Florida, Mr.James L. Wilcox, formerly of Paris,and a companion, Mr. Wm. H. Cory,made a fine catch of the finny tribe.Their catch totalled thirty-five specimens, including black bass, red bassand trout, and, to cap the climax, afour-foot alligator.oU. S. LEADS IN HOGS. .The U. S. has produced an enorimous amount of meat in the past fewyears. The country owns about oneseventh of all the cattle in the world,but it is in growing and fatteninghogs thatNthe United State excells allother countries. About one-third ofthe 180,000,000 swine on the globeare right here in the States. Thisyear JLhe United States has more hogsthan, the 10 nearest competitors combined. . 5JEHSBOURBON COUNTY MAN ADDEDTO H. C. OF L. COMMISSIONGovernor James D. Black, Saturday added a number of new names tothe High Cost of Living Commission.There are now thirty-seven membersof the commission which is 'createdfor the purpose of investigating intothe high cost and reporting to theGovernor ways and means by whichthe cost may be reduced.The new members of the Commission appointed are, P, H. Callahan,M. R. Kendrick, J. W. Slagie, HenryFarrar, Judge Samuel J. Boldrick, W.H. Kaye, and Alfred Brandies, ofLouisville; John C. Hutcfc?rsonGlasgow; F. A. Heath, Pineville;Judge W. L. Watson, Ashland; AlbertS. Thompson, Paris; Judge W. LeeEvans, Winchester; Frank K. Moseler, Owensboro; S. L. VanMeter, Lexington; Mrs. Thomas Shelby, Lexington; Clay G. Lemon, Mayfield; Dr.J. C. Mosely, Henderson; R. G. Williams, Covington; H. C. Rice, Riohmond; Cecil Williams, Somerset; Ed.D. Shinnick, Shelbyville, and E. C.Walton Stanford.Clothed with probably the broadestpowers ever given a single body ofmen in the State of Kentucky, theGovernor's special commission willbegin sittings in Louisville, Thursday, in its fight on living costs.How broad these powers are cannot be definitely foretold. ' In fact itis probable that the constant adviceof the Attorney General must be hadby the committee as its sittings progress that it may be sure ofground it takes.theThe sessions, which will be held inthe Seelbach Hotel, will take on thesemblance of a grand, jury meeting.Housewives, householders, even children who have a grievance can suggest a remedy, or who can give information leading to detection ofprofiteering, are invited to appear before it.Retailers, wholesalers and manufacturers also will be called if theevidence warrants and be confrontedwith the facts gleaned by the body.Steps to be taken then will be considered after legal opinion. The meeting will open at 10:30 o'clock at thehotel and will continue until thebody's work is completed.PARIS EDUCATOR HONORED. BYELECTION TO PRESIDENCYProf. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Schools, who hasbeen attending the Summer School atColumbia University, was electedPresident of the Southern Club, composed of Southern students and educators attending Columbia University, Prof. Kirkpatrick sends THENEWS the following clipping fromthe Columbia Spectator, the officialcollege publication:"Election of officers and plans forthe perpetuation of their organization, made last Monday, marked thecompletion of the activities of theSouthern Club for the 1919 summersession. At the final meeting of theExecutive Committee, which rulesthe destinies of the Southerners, itwas decided to enlarge the programof activities next session, so successful have been the .club's activities inthe past. It was also decided that amild form of propoganda might becarried on between the sessions inorder to secure a much greater representation of Southerners at Columbia next year."Mr. Lee Kirkpatrick, of Paris,Kentucky, received the solied vote ofthe delegates for President in recognition of his valuable services to theorganization. Considerable discussioncentered about the offices of vicepresident and secretary. Mr. FrankE. Cooper, of Atlanta, President ofthe Georgia Club, received the nomination .for vice-president, but underpressure, withdrew, and was electedsecretary, as it was believed he couldserve the club to a greater extent inthat capacity. Mr. A. C. Blackwell,of Birmingham, Alabama, Presidentof his own State- club, became thenew Vice-President. The faculty isrepresented in the person of Dr. W.IL Kilpatrick, who was elected treasurer." AQUATIC CONTEST AT Y. M. C. A.The Paris boys who recently wonribbons for aquatic feats performedat Camp Daniel Boone, the State Y.M. C. A. Camp on the Kentuckyriver, will compete for prizes at theBourbon County Y. M. C. A. to-night(Tuesday) at eight o'clock. The boyshave been in active daily training for.the event and will be in tb bestcondition to do fancy diving andswimming stunts. No admission wUlbe charged.The following boys will take partin the contest: fohn Dundon, LeslieO'Neill, Cletis Chipley, WillardTucker, J. Miller Dundon, HowardRummans, Albert Wright, NobertFriedman, Robert Meglone, YutakiMinakuchi, Thos. Spicer, GeorgeDundon, Clarence Baldwin, CharlesCahal, William Lytle, EugeneStrother andvRichard,Tuclcer. 'SYNOPSIS OF PRESIDENTS MESSAGE ON FOOD PROFITEERING.President Wilson laid several specific proposals before Congress, Fridday, for checking the high cost ofliving, but at the same time declaredpermanent results could not be expected until a peace time basis wasfully restored by ratification of thepeace treaty.High prices, the President told Congress, were not justified by shortageof supply, either present orprospective, but were created inmany cases "artificially and deliberately" by "vicious practices." Retailers, he said, were responsible inlarge part for extortionate prices.Strikes, the President warned thelabor world, would only make matters worse, and those who sought toemploy threats or coercion, were only"preparing their own destruction."Leaders of organized labor, the President said, he was sure would presently yield to second sober' thought."Illegal" and "criminal" were thewords the President used in characterizing the methods by which somepresent-day prices have been broughtabout.Present laws, he said, would be energetically employed to the limit toforce out food hoarders, and meet thesituation so far as possible, but tosuppliment the existing statutes hespecifically urged the following:Licensing of all corporations engaged in interstate commerce, with; specific regulations designed to secure competitive selling and prevent"unconscionable profits" is the method of marketing.Extension of the food control actto peace times and the application ofits provisions against hoarding, offuel, clothing and other necessitiesof life as well as food.A penalty in the food control actfor profiteering.A law regulating sold - storage,limiting the time during which goodsmay be held; prescribing a methodof disposing of them if held beyondthe permitted period and requiringthat when released goods bear thedate of storage.Laws requiring that goods .releasedfrom storage for interstate commercebear the selling prices at which theywent, into storage and requiririgthatall goods destined for interstate commerce bear the price at which theyleft the hands of the producer.Enactment of the pending bill forthe control of security issues.Additional appropriations for government agencies which can supplythe public with full information asto prices at which retailers buy.Early ratification of the peacetreaty so that the "free processes ofsupply and demand" can operate.Immediate" steps by executiveagencies of the government promisedby the President included:The limiting and controlling ofwheat shipments and credits to facilitate the purchase of wheat in sucha way as not to raise, but rather tolower, the price of flour at home.Sale of surplus stock of food andclothing in the hands of the government. The forced withdrawal from storage and sale of surplus stocks in private hands.General recommendations included:Increased production.Careful buying by housewives.Fair dealing with the people on(Continued on Page 2.)oPRIMARY RETURNS TO BE CANVASSED AUGUST 16.The State Election Commissionwill meet in Frankfort, August 16, tocanvass the returns of the State primary, and to issue certificates ofnomination to the successful candidates. Secretary of State Lewis isanxious for the County Clerks to haveall the returns on file in his office byAugust 12, as it is necessary for himto make tabulated lists for the use ofthe State Election Commission. Twonew members will serve on this commission. They are former SenatorW. W. Bolles, of Taylorsville, Democrat, and William Helburn, of, Louisville, Republican.. oNOTICE THIS ADVANCE IN SOFTDRINKS PRICES.On account of the high cost of iceand other soda fountain supplies weare compelled to advance the price ofdrinks, and effective Monday, Aug.11, the charges on ' the followingdrinks wjll be:Lemonade 17 centsLimeade 25 centsBanana Splits 25 centsSundaes . . . - 15 cents ,Plain Cream 15 cents(Signed)FRANK BURTON,HARRIS & DALE,C. B. MITCHELL,M. C. KELLEK. -;-oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurant on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford Bryan.june24-tf) r " . .;;BENJAMIN SCOTT KILLED BYAUTO IN WINCHESTER.Benjamin Scott, aged about 65,was killed almost instantly Fridayafternoon at 2 o'clock, in Winchester,when he was struck by an automobile driven by Colonel I. W. Vermillion, of Clark county.ihe car, a new Oakland, was coming toward him on Court street andetly that Vou have not preceived thehad just crossed the street car trackswhen the accident occurred. Witnesses say Mr. Scott was attemptingto dodge the machine, while Mr.Vermillion was making every effortto avoid striking him. Each appeared to be dodging the other. The accident occurred just in front of theClark County Bank.After the accident the victim wastaken into the Gillman Drug Store,but life was extinct before medicalaid could arrive.Dr. Guerrant attended Mrs. Vermillion, who sustained a number ofcuts about the face from the brokenwindshield, and was rendered illfrom the nervous shock.The body of Mr. Scott was takento the undertaking establishment ofH. H. Hall and prepared for burial.His neck was broken and he sustained a cut on the head.Mr. Scott is survived by his widow,who was Miss Ormie Borckman, ofMissouri, and one sister, Mrs. GeorgeC. Thompson, of Paris. He was anuncle of Prof. J. M. Scott, of Paris,The funeral took place at the gravein the Winchester Cemetery, Saturday afternoon at four o'clock, withservices conducted by Elder J. H. McNeill. The pall-bearers were: Active George G. Prewitt, R. D. Gordon, Bush Haggard, Allen Ecton, Jas.Quisenberry, Wm. Rash; HonoraryW. H. Garner, I. M. Stevenson,Thos. Proctor, N. H. Witherspoon,left Stewart, J. L. Brown.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, August 12 Vivian Martin, in "The Home TownGirl;" William Duncan, in the lastepisode of "The Man of Might;" Antonio Moreno and Carol Holloway, in"perils of Thunder Mountian;" Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Back To TheWoods."rcro-mori'ow, Wednesday August 13Cecil B. DeMille's production, "ForBetter, For Worse;" Vitagraph Comedy, "His Home, Sweet Home;" Paramount Pictograph.Thursday, August 14 Ladies' DayTwo ladies admitted for one paidticket, plus war tax Alice Brady, in"His Birthday Night;" Vod-a-VilMovies.SATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.y&T fillHIBIlll Wm- HJtV'MnfiflmWIfmimJmmmmmwmmwmii j. hXfljnmm.vmco9TThtnill'iJfflIZJJwjf "wVkFMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats1TTF.OT THTT. TZAtWrro-v vrmr cvm-r-r 1-. .. w flvivxn OJ.UVU. OJ.lJLf.Li' ON THE BOQM.Don't allow yourself to be deceivedinto thinking that .because of thecalm,that has settled over the face ofNature that the project for buildinga new ice factory in Paris has goneby the board. The promoters are verymuoa alive, but are working so quiresult of tneir efforts. But they arethere just the same, and the applications for stock are still rolling in.Mr. John Merringer, one of theprime movers in the affair, stated toTHE NEWS man yesterday that telephone inquiries as to the amount ofstock one person would take werecomingrin almost daily and that allindications pointed to a decidedlyhealthy interest in the project. Infact the subscriptions have reacheda point where the promotors havebegun considering the question of asite for the factory, and other details are being considered having animprotant bearing on the matter.Whether the old plant passes intonew hands or not will have no effecton the determination of the promoters to have competition here. It istheir aim to get everyone in the cityand .county interested to the extentof several hundred dollars' worth ofstock each, and to that end they aredevoting all their efforts.The local ice situation shows a little better yesterday, as the coolspell has had the effect of causing adrop in the price from ?1.00 per hundred to 85 cents per hundred. Thewagons have been making their dailyrounds with more regularity andwith more ice, too, so that, on thewhole, there has been a decided improvement in the supply.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Realty Co. sold Fridayfor Miss Clara Bacon a residence onHouston Avenue, to James L. Day for$2,550. Mr.Day expects to move tothe property shortly, although-he wasoffered a nice profit on his investment. Through the real' estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, Mr," George Roderick, of near Paris, purchased atpublic auction last week, the Goreyproperty on Vine street, paying $1,290. The property was sold to settlethe Gorey estate. Mr. Broderick andfamily will move to Paris and occupythe home.:mirfcNb, .Ntttltton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sol ShoesIN THE SERVICE OF THEIECOUNTRY.Mr. James Doty, of Paris, receivea message Sunday from his on, Mr.Elmer Doty, advising of his safe &rrival at Quantico, Virginia, from ,overseas. Young Doty has been inFrance on special duty with the U. S.JMarine Corps in the American Expeditionary Forces. He expects to bemustered out of the service this weekand return to his old home.Mrs. C. M. Best, of the Millersburg Military Institute, was notifleMonday by an official message frontthe War Department that RicharFreas, a former student of the M. M.I., was in a base hospital at Brest,France, recuperating. Young Freaswas officially reported as having beenwounded in action. He is a brotherof Capt. Freas, who was a member ofthe M M. I. faculty for seven years.He is a fine young man and has manyfriends here who will be glad toknow he is recovering.There was a happy reunion lastweek at the home of Mr. Clark Fitzpatrick, near Paris, when her threebrothers, all of whom had been in,different branches of the service,came for a visit. George Patrick,who enlisted in the infantry service, received an honorable dischargeat Camp Zachary Taylor. Jere Patrick, who had been a "gob" on boardone of Uncle Sam's big sea fightersand Henry Patrick, who had been,in the Hospital Corps, completed thetriangle in the reunion of thebrothers and sisters.NICHOLS BUYS VIVA AMERICA,Mr. S. Kenney Nichols, of Paris,closed a deal Saturday with Mr. C.T. Worthington, of Danrille, hywhich he became owner of the good'thoroughbred racer, Viva America.Mr. Nichols paid $10,000 for theracer. Viva America will in the future be trained byJackBaker.THRIFT CAMPAIGN DAYS.Governor Black has issued a proclamation in which he designates'each Saturday in August as a ThriftCampaign Day. He urges every citizen of the State to aid and assistthe Government in its Thrift andWar Savings Stamp Campaign.The suits we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool KlothII$18 to $40Manhattan Shirtsfc';i"A.ft."k 1-trHGE TWOTHE BOUBBOIT MEWS, PAEIS, KEOTUCXYTUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 111.IHE BOURBON NEWSfcrtablished 188137 Years of Coithmous PublicationMtfished Erery Tuesday and FridayPr Year.. 12.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWIET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.raatered at the Paris, Kentucky,Voctoffice as Mall Matter of theBtoond CIasi.)Amy erroneous reflection upon theMwnrtrrr. standing or reputation offeay person, firm, or corporation which(ay appear in the columns of THEjStFRBON NEWS wUl"be gladly corpoofed if brought to attention of thetitfbr.mm FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. 2Jew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia -N. W. Ayers & Son.Jjianta Massengale Adv. Agency.Oj&cinnati Blaine-Thompson Co'.Iyaisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESipSsplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perItd'lor first time; 5U cents per inchaach 'subsequent insertion.heading Notices, 10 cents per lineaaca,jiggue; reading notices in blackJKype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andpiaiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisescests and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherButter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bytbe'eash." j DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For Governor:f James D. Black.For Lieutenant Governor:' W. H. Shanks.For Secretary of State:' Mat 3. Cohen.1 For Auditor of Public Accounts :JHenry M. Bosworth.1' For Attorney General:"Frank E; Daugherty."For Clerk of the Court of Appeals:John A. Goodman.3 Superintendent of Public Instruction; L. S. Foster.Tar Commissioner of Agriculture:Jphn W. .Nlewman.-?" ' F Representative:j James H. Thompson.FOR COUNCILMENI First Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. P. Brent, John3f. Williams.Second Ward:Edward 'Burke.Hugh Brent.1 Catesby Spears.-Third-Ward:George Doyle.-EDITORIAL MUSINGS." .Your Name In The Paper?The average man can live in a bigeity all his life and never see hisname in the paper, but the farmerand the average man and woman inany small town will see their namesin their local county newspaper atleast ten times a year, and alwaysonnected with some worthy cause,some faithful service, something thatbrings joy, all through life. Thecountry newspaper is the newspaperthat spreads happiness and content.Don't you always want to readahout the ball game you saw the daybefore? If you witness a fire, youread the details of that fire withdouble interest. If .you hadn't seentke blaze perhaps you would not readthe story at all. Why is this?- It is"because the things you know aboutare the things you like to read about.That is why country v newspapershave such a tremendous hold on theirreaders, They tell them about thecomings and goings of their friendsand neighbors, the people they know.Nothing pn earth is as interesting4o the farmers and people living inthe small towns as this news of theirbabies, the marriage of their boyand girls, theirf social and churchevents, the illness and deaths amongtheir friends. Year after year thecountry newspaper records the history of its community.Is it any wonder the countrynewspaper is the most powerful advertising medium on earth? Just asits power is great in holding itsreaders' interest, so is it helpful inshaping thought and powerful as anadvertising medium. It turns theprinted word almoBt into the spokenword.No metropolitan daily, no magazine, no billboards, no farm journalgood as they are rings the bellwith farmers and small town peopleas does their home newspaper. It isan integral part of the communitythat cannot be filled by any othermedium.Hope Gone Glimmering.Hope for any extreme reductionin prices of foodstuffs under the government's plan to put large supplieson the market from the army's surplus stocks, .through the parcel postsystem, went glimmering with theannouncement from Washington ofthe official price list on various canned goods which will be included inthe government sales.There had been a general expectation of great "bargains" from thesale of army foodstuffs, but examination of the official price list, revealed that the much heralded food "bargains" were not going to materialize.While the prices announced are lower than those at local stores, the difference is hardly enough, it wouldseem, to take care of the transportation charges. These charges must bepaid by the purchasers, according tothe official announcement.All orders will be sent "freight onbill." Parcel post charges are as follows: Local zones, first and second,up to 150 miles, five cents for thefirst pound and one cent for each additional pound; farther than 150miles, six, seven, eight, nine, tencents and up for the first pound witha proportionate rate for each additional pound. In the first two zonesas much as seventy pounds may besent by parcel post. In other zonesthe parcel'post limit is fifty pounds$1,000,000 For Poor Children.Last June a lady died, her deathbeing hardly noticed by the press,yet her will left '$1,000,000 to provide relief for destitute and abandoned babies. If she had left the moneyto care for kittens she would haveobtained front page position. This,however, merely, proves that it is notan uncommon thing for well-to-doAmericans to leave generous fortunesfor charitable, and useful, purposes.The example of the lady can becommended by all good citizens, andshould be copied by all rich ones.How much better for a rich man toleave his money to a perpetual causethan to bequeath it to giddy rakeswho spend it faster than he evermade it. The people should not forget to give thanks to the donors ofmagnificent gif.ts; may past examplesencourage future exhibitions of generous giving.oSUMMING ITP THE EVIDENCEMany Paris People Have Been CalledAs Witnesses.Week after week has been published the testimony of Paris peoplekidney sufferers backache victimspeople who have endured many formsof kidney, bladder or urinary disorders. These witnesses have' usedDoan's Kidney Pills. All have giventheir enthusiastic approval. It's thesame everywhere. 50,000 Americanmen and women are publicly recommending Doan's always in the homepapers. Isn't it a wonderful, con-"vincing mass of proof? If you are asufferer your verdict must be "TryDoan's first."Here's one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstreet, says: "Some years ago Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I used them. Theyproved to be satisfactory and permanently rid me of the complaint. Ihave good reason to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakand lame back or irregular -passagesof the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)NO DROP LETTERS NOW.There is no such a thing as a dropletter now. That is, it matters notwhether the letter is sealed or not,if it contains any writing whatever,it has to have a two-cent stamp onit even if it is placed in the postoffice. Printed letters can be delivered when unsealed, for only a pennypostage.-MR. VAUGHN, FARMER, TELLSHOW HE LOST ALL HISPRIZE SEED CORN.Some time ago I sent away forsome pedigreed seed corn. Put it ina gunriey sack and hung it on a ropesuspended from roof. Rats got it allhow, beats me, but they did, because I got 5 dead whoopers in themorning after trying RAT-SNAP."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co..(adv aug)SYNOPSIS OF PBESmEHTS MESSAGE ON $00ttPBOH-TEEBHWJ. "( Continued from Page 1.)the part of the producers, middlemenand merchants.That there be no threats and undue insistence upon the interest of asingle class.Correction of "many things" in therelation between wages and conditions of labor.In concluding the President madea plea for deliberate, intelligent action, reminding Congress that an unbalanced world was looking to theUnited States."We, and we almost alone," hesaid, "now hold the world steady:Upon our steadfastness and self-possessiondepend the affairs of nationseverywhere. It is in this supremecrisis this crisis for all mankindthat America must prove her mettle."THE PRESIDENT ADVISESTHE STRIKE SITUATION.ONWASHINGTON, August 11. President Wilson has formally notified Director General Walker D.Hines that he was authorized to takeup the demands of the railroad shopemployees for higher wages and decide them on their merits.The President's decision was announced last week from theWhite House in the form of a lettersent by him to Mr. Hines. The President said "until the employees return to work and again recognize theauthority of their organization, thewhole matter must be at a standstill."The President said the letter sentto him by Senator Albert B. Cummins, Chairman of the Committee onInterstate Commerce, "had set mefree to deal as I think best with theJ difficult question of the wages of cerpi0yees," but added:tain classes ui uie rauroaa em"The chief' obstacle to a decisionhas been created by the men themselves. They have gone out on astrike and repudiated the authorityof their officers at the very momentwhen they were urging action in regard to their interests."THE PRESIDENT'S LETTER. .The President's letter reads:"My Dear Mr. Director General:I am just in receipt of the letterfrom Senator Albert B. Cummins,Chairman of the Senate Committeeon Interstate Commerce, which setme free to deal as I think best withthe difficult question of the wages ofcertain classes of railway employees,and I take advantage of the occasionto write to you this letter, in orderthat I both in the public interestand in the interest of the railroademployees themselves may make thepresent situation as clear and definiteas possible."I thought it my duty to lay thequestion in its present pressingform before the Committee of theSenate, because I thought I shouldnot act "upon this matter within thebrief interval of government controlremaining without their acquiescenceand approval. Senator Cummins' letter, which speaks the unanimousjudgment of the committee, leaves mefree and indeed imposes upon me theduty to act."The question of wages of railroadshopmen was submitted, you will remember, to the Board of RailroadWages and Working Conditions ofthe Railroad Administration lastFebruary, but was not reported uponby the Board until the 16th of July."The delay was unavoidable because the Board was continuously engaged in dealing with several wagematters affecting classes of employees who had not previously received consideration. The Board, nowhaving apprised us of this inability,at any rate for the time being, toagree upon recommendation, it isclearly our duty to proceed with thematter in the hope of disposing of it."You are therefore authorized tosay to the railroad shop employeesthat the question of wages they haveraised will be taken up and considered on its merits by the DirectorGeneral in conference with their dulyaccredited representatives. I hopethat you will make it clear to themen concerned that the Railroadi Administration cannot deal withproblems of this sort or with anyproblem affecting the men exceptthrough the duly chosen international officers of the regularly constituted organization and their authorized committees."Matters of so various a natureand affecting so many men cannot bedealt with except in this way. Anyaction which brings the authority ofthe authorized representatives of theorganization into question or discredits it must interfere with, if notprevent, action altogether."The chief obstacle to a decisionhas been created by the men themselves. They have gone out on astrike and repudiated the authorityof their officers at the very momentwhen they were urging action in regard to various interests."You will remember that a conference between yourself and the authorized representatives of the menwas arranged at the instance of theserepresentatives for July 28 to discussthe wage question and the questionof a national agreement, but beforethis conference took place or couldtake place, local bodies of railwayshopmen took action looking towarda strike on thefirst of August."As a result of this action variousstrikes actually took place beforethere was an opportunity to act insatisfactory or conclusive way withrespect to the wages."In the presence of these strikesan'd the repudiation of the authorityof the representatives of the organization concerned there can be no consideration of the matter in controversy. Until the employees returnto work and again recognize the authority of their own organizationwhole matter must be at a standstill. "When Federal control of the railroads began the Railroad Administration accepted existing agreements between the shopmen's organization'and the several railroad companies,and by agreement machinery wascreated for handling the grievances ofthe'shopmen's organization of all therailways, whether they had theretofore had the benefits of definite .agreements or not. There can be no question, therefore, of the readiness ofthe Government to deal in a spiritof fairness and by regular methodswith any matters the men may bringto their attention."Concerned and very careful consideration is being given by the entire Government to the question -ofreducing the high cost of living. Ineed hardly point out how intimately and directly this matter affects every individual in the nation,and if transportation is interruptedit will be impossible to solve it."This is a time when every employee of the railways should help tomake the process of transportationmore easy and economical, ratherthan less, and employees who are onstrikes are deliberately delaying asettlement of their wage problemsand of the standard of living. Theyshould promptly return to work, andI hope that you will urge upon theirrepresentatives the immediate necessity for their doing so."Cordially and sincerely yours,"WOODROW WILSON."Director General Hines notified theunions immediately that the RailroadAdministration was ready to take upthe question, "as soon as the employees return to work."In a letter to B. W. Jewell, ActingPresident of the Railway Employes'Department of the American Federation of Labor, Mr. Hines said:"I inclose a letter which 'I justhave received from the President relative to the wage matter. It isobvious that it is of the highest importance, not only in the interest ofthe public, but in the interest of theemployees themselves that they return to work immediately."The situation having been clarified by the definite indication thatCongres does not wish to take actionin the premises, the Railroad Administration stands ready to take up thewage question on its merits with theduly accredited international officersand their authorized committee assoon as the employees return towork."The effect of the President's decision, it was believed, would be to puta sudden end to sporadic strikesthroughout the country, denouncedto be illegal by union officials, butinvolving perhaps 80,00 men and tosome extent normal traffic,.It was taken for granted also thatthe menace of the general strike tocompel higher wages to meet increased living costs likewise was removedby the President's action.If Director General Hines ordersan increase in wages, since the"Railroad Administration now is operating at a loss, either an advance inrates or a Congressional appropriation will be necessary to provide themoney. The 14 principal railroadunions in a joint communication tothe Director General have suggestedthe latter.Preceeding the making public ofthe President's letter by only a fewhours was an announcement by J. J.Forrester, President of the Brotherhood of Clerks, Freight, Express andSteamship Employees, that the 450,000 men of the union would beginballoting Friday as to whether theyshould strike immediately or waitfurther Government action.Wage demands were submitted bythe 500,000 shopmen last February,but other pressing matters before theBoard of Wages and Working Conditions affecting employees who previously had not received consideration,delayed a decision until July 16, andthen the Board divided, three holding that the increases should not begranted and three holding that additional pay was justified. The amountasked for was 25 per cent.Conferences between the shopmen'sofficers and the Director General werearranged, but even before they couldbe held men began to go on strike,which led the President to devote aconsiderable portion of his letter tocondeming their hasty action, whichviolated agreements.Other unions also put in de'mandsfor more pay, with the exception ofthe engineers, who said they preferred a reduction in the cost of living.In the face of growing deficit, Mr.Hines had no funds to pay morewages. The Senate had passed thebill restoring the right of the Interstate Commerce Commission to review rates initiated by the DirectorGeneral, and as it was receiving favorable consideration in the House hesuggested to the President that Congress should create a commission toorder any wage and rate increases.The suggestion was transmitted tothe two Interstate Commerce ComSTATEMENTOf The Ownership, ManagementEtc., ofTHE BOTJKBON NEWS,published Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., for April 1919, requiredby the Act of August 24, 1912.NOTE This statement is to be madein duplicate, both copies to be delivered by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster Deneral(division of Classification), Washington, D. C, and retain the other in thefiles of the postoffice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Paris, Ky.Managing EditorSwift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholders holding one per cent, or more of totalamount of stock.)Swift Champ. fKnown stockholders, mortgageesand other security holders, holdingone per cent, or more of total amountof bonds, mortgages or other securities. None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before me.this 7th day of October, 1919.C. K. THOMAS;Notary Public Bourbon Co.,Ky.My Commission expires January1922mittees,, which, it was thought, transferred the wag problem to "the floorof the Congress until Senator "Cummin's reply Thursday gave it backto the Chief Executive.There was no indication Thursdaynight as to how Mr. Hines wouldproceed to the settlement of the wagedemands. In view of the WageBoard's previous consideration of thequestion, it was believed that a newtribunal would be constituted for thepurpose, with equal representationfor labor, the railroads and the public.AN OLD FAULT FINDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that Act regularly is usuallygood natured. When troubled withindigestion or constipation takeChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle movement ofthe bowels.(adv-aug)House For SaleFive-room cottage on Virginia avenue; well improved; has gas andelectric lights. Call either phone 81.(8-2t) J. M. SMELSER.LostBetween Thos. Longo's fruit standand the residence of Mr. John P.Cain, on Higgins avenue, a smallblack leather pocketbook containingone pair of Amethyst rosaries.Finder will return to this office andreceive reward. (1-tf)Fords For SaleTwo Fords, 1918 Touring Cars, inperfect condition.Also, one 1918 Coupe and two 1918Roadsters.Trucks and ears for hire. SeeS. R. HUDNALL,At Ruggles Motor Co.,(It) Both Phones.Notice of Election... -j,TO THE VOTEES OPCOUNTY.BOURBONNotice ia hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, entered July 3rd,1919, an election will be held and apoll will be taken at each and all ofthe voting places in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the 6th day of September, 1919, between the hours of sixo'clock a. m. and four o'clock p. mfor the purpose of taking the senseof the legal voters of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upon the following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars Worth of Property in theCounty' to b'e Levied Each Year forTen Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, Roads and Bridges of theCounty?"W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)Notice of ElectionTO TEE VOTERS OPCOUNTY.BOUKBONNotice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Court, entered July 7, 1919, anelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who are qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you in favor of issuing FiveHundred Thousand Dollars in Bondsfor the Purpose of Building Roadsand Bridges??'W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)PUBLIC SALEOPChurch Building!On Saturday, Aug. 16,at 10 a. m., we will sell to tbe highest bidder, on the premises, in NorthMiddletown, the old ChristianChurch building, to be removed fromthe grounds within thirty days.The building is 44x62, and has onit much high-class lumber; framingis yellow popular; floors white pine,and is studded with 4x6 stuff.At the same time will sell a lot ofpews, chandeliers and base burnerstoves. The pews are made of whitepine, 18 inches wide, without flaw."Will sell also one 8-norse International Gas Engine in good repair.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp, rain orshine.f , H. S. CATWOOD, ,(5-4)" - :. . . Committee.HONEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestrTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.J. FEEAGENTNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes W-fo mnreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSiectricttvTor EiabtinaIt's the only satisfactory way.use Oasformating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDorated) 'SPECIALSFor This WeekWASH SKIRTSSlightly Soiled98cValues up to $3.00 and $4.00HATS98cEvery Hat Must Go.3Ladies' White CottonHose15c PairMuslin Underwear ReducedTWIN BROS.Dipwtiwiil-Stw7th and Main ParishV- t,.z S.-xi?,tr j. j, tTUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1919THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PATHS, JULIfTOC'Ktrr?', --90i-tBIG BBIVE FOB PYTHIAN HOMESTABTS AUG. 15.The "big drive of the KentuckyGrand Lodge, Knights of Pythias, topay the debt and raise an endowmentfor the Pythian Home begins Aug.15 and continues until August 30.President W, C. G. Hobbs, of theHome board of directors and head ofthe drive, has appointed all the groupchairmen and is sending out the planand full explanation to these chairmen, as well as to the lodges. Many,lodges do not propose to wait for aspecified time, but are at work laying plans to have their, quota raisedby the time the campaign starts..Assurance is given that as fast as themoney comes in on the debt and 'endowment fund it will be used in reducing the debt, thereby decreasingthe interest. Tie next interest period of the Home debt is September1. Pythians hope to have the debt,which amounts to some $40,000, entirely paid off by that time.oHOPjGfiJTS MEN REUNION.Morgan's Men will hold their annual reunion at Olympia Springs,August 26, 27, 28, according to anannouncement sent out by Horace M.Taylor, of Carlisle, Secretary of theorganization. Lexington was considered as a the meeting place after theBlue Grass Pair Association offeredthe veterans a tent on the groundsand admission, but the committee decided to continue the custom of meeting at Olympia Springs.Only about sixty-five veterans attended the last two meetings, andmany of them are now very feeble.Of the John C. Breckinridge Camp,which included veterans of other organizations as well as Morgan's cavalry, only twenty-one of the 233members are now living. The majority of Morgan's command are residents of Fayette, Scott, Clark, Jessamine and Bourbon counties. S. C.Sharp, of Covington, is president, andHorace M. Taylor, of Carlisle, secretary.MICKIE SAYSrVOO NiW Olf MORE Pfe&EScrrv papers, fcvrf vou don'tKE&O EVRW UNE IN 'EWk tN-CUUONCr THE MJ3, UKE VOU.OO .tW THE HONE PfvPEfe.00 NOV) !VJ 9?NEW PAPER AT FALMOUTHTHE NEWS has received a copy ofJ No. 1, Volume 1, of the FalmouthDemocrat, a new weekly publication,just launched on the journalistic seaby Mr. J. T. Norris. The Democratsucceeds the Pendleton Leaderwhich suspended publication sometime ago. The Democrat is neatlyprinted, well-edited and if succeedingissues keep up to the standard of thefirst issue it is safe to predict thepaper will make a creditable appearance and be a welcome addition tothe fold. Here is good luck andlong life to The Democrat!SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.iILITTEJOinUNITED SHOWS"Different From the Rest"WILL EXHIBIT AT THE WILSON LOTON WINCHESTER STREETPARIS. KY.One Week, CommencingMONDAY. AUG. IIAuspices of A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34,Uniform Rank, K. of P.The Show that Stands ALONE as theCLEANEST, MOST MORAL and REFINEDNjLMnuHinnimmHHHmiiHiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiMB'lnlBBBBv'JBVJJJJJJJJJJJJEnBBBsHjLBBsBHMMBBThe J- To Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36rsisttt t . - 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to wfthLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.awK-aaMBiMTMMaBrewaMaaatiaMMv!? afcHBrTfffMrTBrr -raWOanaMiss Annie T. Miller, of Ashland,Ky., is a guest of her sister, MissNannie Miller, in this city.Misses Louise and MargaretMartin are visiting Mr. and Mrs.Russell Dyche, in London, Ky.Mr. Logan Howard will go toCrab Orchard Springs this week fora vacation stay of several weeks.' Miss Lena May Jones has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visit to Miss Elizabeth Tarr, in thiscity. fMiss Emma Lou Scott was aguest .several days the past week ofMr. and Mrs. James Porter, in Louisville. Mr. Henry Fuhrman has gone toTampa, Florida, on a business tripto inspect property he owns in thatvicinity.Mr. and Mrs. Castle Redmonhave as guest at their home near thiscity Miss Burnetta Redmon, of Bowling Green.Miss Fannie Rye has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto the family of Mr. F. W. Norris, inMt. Sterling.Mrs. M; D. Richardson has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to Mrs. John Ewalt, onHigh street.Mr. and Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson and family have gone to Boones-boro, where they will be located forten days, camping.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ishmael havereturned to their home in this city,'after a visit to' Mrs. Emma Sandeis,in Indianapolis.Miss Kathleen Meglone, of Birmingham, Alabama, is a guest of hermother, Mrs. Susan Meglone, andfamily, in this city.Miss Lena Maloney has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to her aunt, Mrs. Martin Doyle,and Mr. Doyle, in this city.Miss Carloyn Wilmoth andbrother, Mr. James Wilmoth, are visiting their grandmother, Mrs. Chas.Barnett, near Taylorsville.Mr. Louis Turner has gone toCalifornia to remain several months.He will take a course in civil engineering at the University of California. Capt. Luke Abbett, who has justreturned from overseas, was a guestfor the week-end, with Mrs. Abbett,of Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery, in thiscity.Mrs. Craig Bradley and littledaughter, have returned to theirhome in Georgetown, after a visit ofseveral days to Prof, and Mrs. RobertHinton, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery has asguests for the week-end at theirhome on Houston Avenue, Mrs. Bessie Finnell and children, Mr. Spencer Finnell and Misses Nell and EliseFinnell, of Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Records,newly-weds, were guests for theweek-end of the latter's mother, Mrs.Jack Woods, and family, on Eighthstreet, in this city, before going totheir home in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Will G. McClintock,and daughter, Miss Vallette, have returned form pleasant outing at LakeChautauqua, New York, and alongthe Maine coast to Portland, Maine.They were gone about three weeks.Misses Ollie and Loraine Butlerleft Saturday for Chicago, where, after visiting friends for a few days,they will join a party on a lakecruise to Canada, making the trip onthe steamer, "South America."Misses Eva and Jessie Spencer,of Lexington, were guests recently oftheir sister, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery,near Paris. Miss Eva Spencer hasrecently returned from overseas service with the hospital corps of thearmy.Mr. Clyde Calvert, who has beena guest of relatives in this city andcounty for several days, has returnedto Tulsa, Okla., where he holds a position with the Flesher Petroleum Co.Mrs. Calvert will remain here for alonger visit before returning toTulsa.The following guests were entertained at a dinner given at the Country Club, near Lexington, last week,by Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraf t, ofthis city: Misses Nell and Ehse tnnell. of Georgetown : Mr. ana Mrs.Fay Ardery, Withers Davis, Jos. Da-Jvis, Jr., and Ge6. Ardery, of Paris.Miss Margaret 'Griffith, who hasbeen a guestof her cousin MissNancy Griffith, 'and other relativesin this city and county, returned toher honie in Kansas City,' Friday.Miss Griffith was during her stay theguest fof honor at a number of pleasing social functions, the last ofwhich, a three-table bridge party,was given at the home of Mr. andMrs. Will Wornall, near this city.Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat:'Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, ofBourbon County, and son, spent the'our J first of the week with relatives inthis county. . ..Mr. Houston. Crouch,of Bourbon county, was a businessvisitor here the first of the week. . . .Mrs.A. S. Trimble, of North Middletown, is the guest of her mother,Mrs. Mason Botts."Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Field Sesretary of the Epworth. League, Methodist church, has Returned from LakeJuHaluska, N. C, where ,he spent several weeks attending the JunaluskaTraining School for Leaderst (Mr.Snapp completed two courses' ofstudy and was awarded a JunaluskaCertificate of Honor. Among -themanv souvenirs brought back from3Now All You Good Fellows,Come Fill Up You Pipesi iivice c-s big& Jnow. hereWftaMn?? "ri X TBaf9HBi- r' - r15c.?F ever men are "Tom" and "Bill" to each other,it's when good pipes are a-going. If ever goodpipes go their best, 'tis when Velvet's in thebowl4For Velvet is a mighty friendly smoke.Kentucky Burley is the leaf that Nature madefor pipes. Wholesome and hearty, honest asthe day. And Velvet is tliat same good Burley leabrought to mellow middle age.For eight long seasons Velvet "meditates" inwooden hogsheads, throwing off the rawness of"young" tobacco truly "ageing in the wood" OutVelvet comes cool, calm and generous thfe tobaccoNature made good, kept good and mde better.rEliijEVaiafVelvet's sweetness is the sweetness of goodtobacco, not "put on" like "frosting" on a cake. Itsmildness comes from natural ageing, not from havingthe life baked out. Its fragrance is true tobacco fragrance, not a perfume. Arid Velvet makes arf ANumber One cigarette. Roll one,Ac trnnA nlrl Velvfit Toe savs:w bww v. , -. ., yrto?-? 14.,.X. I. vNPFfll yo' heart with friendly thoughts,Yo' mouth with friendly smoke iAn' let the old world wag." jf :A-il'iwWv: - ,vl?6txZ6l&S -.jfc"tfJ-the friendly tobacoHillMlinilllltltMtniWl1WMHHtlMlll ' the Lake by Mr. Snapp, was a sprained finger, acquired in a game of baseball.Mrs. John Mastin is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, suffering with an attack of typhoid fever.Mrs. D. S. Henry and daughters,Misses Charlotte and ElizabethHenry, returned Saturday from anextended visit to relatives in Latta,S. C, and in Asheville, N. C.Mr. Andy Mynheir, who hasbeen in -the Massie Memorial Hospital, with a broken leg, sustainedin an automobile accident on SouthMain street, some time ago, has'been'removed to his home on the Bethlehem pike, near this city., Miss Lula Chwnp Lytle left Saturday for Cincinnati to visit heraunt, Mrs. Henry Funk, and Mr.Funk, and other relatives in Covington, and Dayton, Ohio. On her return trip she will visit relatives inMaysville.(Other Personals on Page 5)A MAN AND HIS WIFE" rmnwmmay both derive saiisfactiooby having 'their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance -of new, imconjunction with the knowkdgethat you are effecting a greitving, muBt surely -satisfy you.j A phone brings u.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANEiCumberland Phone 40 Hone Phone 169Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.rf.-!ArX'n rMGE JOtJXrST3!STHE BOHRBOH NEWS, TAXIS, EEJU'UtiKi"Tp?scrgaTUE8DAy,.AUai3liT12, If Ifxusnr & cheery cabjuval, DATE POSTPONTD TO SEP--TEMBER 8.n On account of numerous delayscaused by the railroad shopmen'sstrike and to other causes that were"beyond their control, the date of theHubin & Cherry Carnival Co.'s engagement in Paris has been Changedto September 8. The Carnival Co.was booked for Paris the week ofAugust 25-30, under the auspices ofthe Paris Fire Department. A letter was received yesterday from Mr."Win. 'Clierry, of Rubin & CherryShows, by Fire Chief McGoldrick, advising him of the change of date andthe reason therefor.IGAINFUL ACCIDENT.BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS jINTEEESTING BOMANCE IN.CON-NECnOff WITH BBOKENiif? Miss Sue 3ohnson, assistant in thedental office of Daily & McMillan, met-wjith. a -painful accident yesterday afternoon, which will cause her seriousinconvenience for some time. MissJohnson was moving a receptacle in"which "was a mass of hot wax, usedirij dental work, when, it'turned over,shilling the contents on both hands,inflicting severe burns. Medical assistance was summoned, and MissJohnson was given flrst.aid treatment She was taken to a Lexington hospital for more extended treatment late yesterday afternoon., oPURCHASES BOUBBON CATTELE," Jonas "WeiJ, of Xexington, purchased Saturday from Samuel Clay,of Bourbon county, 108 head of cattle," averaging 1,400 -pounds, forwhich "he paid sixteen cents 'perpound.Master's Sale!BORBON CIRCUIT 'COURTNoah JSpears, Etc Plaintiff" Vs. Notice of Sale.William Hinton, Etc. .. ...Defendant"The crop situation in this countyis both good and bad," to use thewords of a well-posted farmer, whodoesn't object to giving the newspapers a little information occasionally.According to this informant twothirds of the county will turn out excellent crops of corn and tobacco,while, it is stated, as an oppositeside of the picture, that within aradius of five to seven miles of Parisin all directions, the crops have suffered badly from the effects of thedrouth, and it is feared they will becut very short.Cutting of tobacco is in progresswhere it has been seasonable to thushandle the crop, while in the districts affected by the drouth a largepart of the tobacco has not made agood start.Rain is badly needed to make fallgrass in the dry zone, while grazingis good in the more favored sectionsof the county, and the cattle are having good feeding on a wealth of matured grass. Baling of hay and strawis in progress throughout the county,while the threshermen are roundingout the season putting wheat in theshock.Country produce is coming in inample supply, but vegetables, owingto the drouth prevailing aroundParis, are getting very scarce.Dealers are paying farmers the following prices for produce: Eggs, 38cents per dozen; butter very scarceand quoted at 50 cents per pound;spring fryers, 50 cents per pound;country hams, 50 cents per pound;country bacon, 35 cents per pound;cream 50 cents per pound.Livestock shipments have been heldin abeyance on account of the embargo resulting from the railroadstrike. It is belived, however, thatthe worst phase of the situation willbe passed to-day, and that the embargo will be lifted, so that delayedshipments of livestock will begin tomove forward. Many cattle havebeen sold for conditional delivery onthis account.WILL.In connection with filing of the willof the late Mrs. Fannie P. Jones, ofLexington, a former resident of.Millersburg, an interesting story has developed, in which her uncle, the lateDr. Jack Hitt, also of Millersburg,was the central figure. Mrs. Jonesinherited a portion of hex uncle's estate, and in her will directed thesale of four houses and all her personal effects, the entire proceeds tobe used for the purchase of threeburial lots, and for a monument tobe erected in the Lexington Cemetery, besides making a number of bequests, which are to be carried out.The romance connected with heruncle follows:Mrs. Jones was a niece of Dr. J.A. Hitt, one of the best-known residents of Bourbon county. He wasborn in Milersburg and lived thereall his life. Dr. Hitt was a "globetrotter," and in his time had visited nearly all portions of the inhabited globe. One of his peculiaritieswas never to tell when he was tostart on a trip, and frequently hewould visit Paris, intending to returnto Millersburg within in a few hours,but when next heard from would bein Italy or some other part ofEurope.Dr. Hitt, when a boy, was in lovewith a young girl of his neighborhood by the name of Miss BettieFrank Vimont. His affection was evidently not reciprocated, for theyDOMINGO'S .HUPINO .SERENA-BEBS AT GRAND OPERAHOUSE.Domingo's Filipino Serenaders, direct from Manila, and their firstAmerican tour, will be the attractionat the Paris Grand, two days, commencing Monday, August 18, presenting .the big musical South SeaIsland Fantasy, "A Night in thePhilippines," with all special " scenery and electrical effects. This is thefirst American tour for this highclass attraction and they come direct from Manila, the Philippine Islands. This will probably be youronly chance to see this novel attraction, for after their tour of this country they go back to Manila for a longengagement there.Since their tour started in thiscountry about six months ago, atWashington, D. C, it has been thebiggest success that has ever beenplaced on the road, playing only thelargest cities. This is positively theonly company of Filipinos touringthis country and another big featureis Minda, Filipino and Hawaiiandancers.car is lubricated. The crank casewere never married, but to the veryand oiling system of your car willUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at the June,1919, term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, will onMonday, Sept. 1, 1919,&t about 11 o'clock a. m., sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described:. property: Beginning at 18, corner .to theWilson farm; thence S 46 .poles"to 19 corner to same; thence N.95 W. 15:92 poles to 20, corner toCurrent farm; thence S. 473 W.129.48 poles to 21, a stone in Westmargin of Silas road; thence along. same S. 42 :E. 72.95 poles to 28,x corner to 'Kate Wornali; thencewith writh. two of her lines, "N.4734 E. 55.40 poles S. 32 B. 44.34HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)Master's Sale !BORBON CIRCUIT COURTArthur Xr. -Veach, Etc., PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Mary S. lEdwards, Etc. . . . DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe. June, 1919, term of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMonday, Sept. 1, 1919,last Dr. Hitt retained a very warmaffection for her, and by the terms ofhis last will and testament bequeathed all of his property to her for andduring her natural life, directingthat at Miss Vimant's death the entire fortune should be invested in afamily monument to be erected onthe burial lot in the MillersburgCemetery. The cemetery companywas left the sum of $1,000, the income from which was to be used tokeep the lot in proper order. Mr.John W. Boulden, the well-knownMays'ville banker, then a resident ofMillersburg, was named as executorof the estate, and Judge HarmonStitt, lately of Parjs, was Mr.Boulden's attorney.Miss Vimont, however, refused toaccept the property. Neverthless,the will was admitted to probate anda form of contest had to be instituted. This was done and an agreedorder was then entered, setting thewill aside, but allowing the cemeterycompany to retain the $1,000, a suit-i able sum set aside for the monumentand the residue distributed amongDr. Hitt's nephews and nieces. Theportion inherited by Mrs. Jones isnow, under her will, to be used inthe purchase and erection of a monument on her lot in the LexingtonCemetery.THIS PARIS MABE HAS GRUDGEAGAINST "FORDS."A FREE DEMONSTRATION.A representative of the StandardOil Company, who is an expert inthe lubrication of automobiles, willgive a free demonstration at ourgarage on August 14, 15 and 16,You are cordially invited to call andhave the expert show you how yourbe thoroughly washed and filledwith the, correct grade of GARGOYLE MOBIOIL a grade for eachtype of motor. We charge you onlyfor the new oil the service is free.We want you to experience thebenefits of correct lubrication. Itwill saje you each season many dollars in gasoline, reduce your repairbills to a minimum and add to thepleasure of motoring.Yours truly,(8-2t) C. S. BALL GARAGE.oNARROW ESCAPE FROM DEATH.FRANK&COLADIES OUTFITTERSLyt. Lawrence is confined to hishome in this city with a broken armand numerous cuts and bruises aboutthe body as the result of an accidentwhich occurred at the city rockquarry Friday.Lawrence was working near themotor, which operates the big rockcrusher when the drive. belt slippedoif, catching him and drawing himinto the machine. The machine wasstopped in time to prevent him frombeing drawn into the crusher, whichwould have meant instant death. Hisarm was broken in two places. Hisescape from death was a miraculousone.4 ;T -BIGREDUCTIONSONALLSUMMERDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryCrat the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about 11rt'nlnnlr .n rut tttiII onll o nnklin mm!. fW ; M 1 w wwwu ,. ., uiu ocii a,u pumn, ttUU-Esrjr ,::: ." r, :izrz to a. umeet ana t bidder.,., J .4 ty- . . t 'the following described real estate:1 74 su. lut.oij puics lu uuruer xu.line of Wilson farm: thence N. J45 W. 59.11 poles corner tosame; thence N. 44 W. 43.08 polesto the beginning, containing onehundred and twenty-nine (129)acres, three (3) roods and twenty-six(26)' poles.Less six (6) -acres which wasconveyed, under orders of thiscourt, in the case of W. H. Clay,Grdn., etc., vs. Noaj. Spears, etc.,by "Emmett M. Dickson, MasterCommissioner, to A. Shire and J.W. Lucas, by deed of record inDeed Book 78, page 102, in theBourbon County Court Clerk'soffice? -said 6 acres being a part oftwenty acres conveyed by saiddeed"to said parties, fourteen acresof said land being the same landallotted to Kate Wornell in thedivision of the lands of Mrs. Emily Spears, deceased, in the case ofEmily Spears' Admr., etc., vs. Jos.N. Spears, etc., lately pending inthe Bourbon Circuit Court. For amore particular desccription ofsaid six acres cut off from theabove described tract of land, reference is made to the action of W.,H. Clay, Gdn., etc., vs. NoahSpears, etc., lately pending in theBourbon Circuit Court, and thecase of Emily Spears' Admr., etc.,vs. Jos. M. Spears, etc., lately pending in the Bourbon Circuit Court.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six; twelve and eighteenmonths, for equal parts of the purchase money, the purchaser or purchasers being required to executetheir 3 bonds with good surety, to beapproved by the Master Commissioner, for one-third of the purchasemoney each, due in six, twelve andeighteen months from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid, said' bomds to have the force and. effectof judgments.t Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Cir, cuittfCourt..(aug 12-15T26) . "A certain -lot in White's Addition to the City of Paris, being lotNo. 49, shown on the plat of saidAddition, filed in the BourbonCounty Clerk's office in deed book93, page 249, fronting 60 feet on.Fithlan Avenue and running backof .equal' width to a 12-feet alley,with the .line of lot No. 48, 144feet and with ,the Hire of No. 50,144 .feet, said lot lying betweenlots Nos.48and 50 on said plat.Also a certain lot in White's Addition, being lot No. 50, as shownon said ,plat fronting 60 feet onFithlan Avenue and running backof equal width to a 12-foot alley,with the line of lot No. 49, a distance of 144 feet, and with the. line of lot No. 51, a distance of144 feet, said lot lying betweenlots 49 and 51, as shown on saidplat, the above described propertybeing a part of the same propertyconveyed to Wakefield & Moore, byLena Mason Fithian, &c, by deedof date March 25, 1908, and nowof record in Deed Book 93, page247, of the Bourbon County Clerk'soffice, and the same property conveyed to W. A. Veatch by M. H.Wakefield, etc., by deed of dateJune 6, 1908, of record in saidoffice in Deed Book 93, page 266.Ora Speakes, of this city, has anold mare which has been in thepossession of his family for overtwelve years. She has always beennoted for -her gentle disposition, andhas been driven with perfect confident by the women members of hisfamily, and his children.A short time ago while drivingdown Main street the animal wasstruck by a Ford flivver, and wasbadly bruised. She was not outagain for several days, until herwounds had healed. Saturday, Mr.Speakes hitched the mare to thefamily carriage and wenj out for adrive. Automobiles of every description were passed on the road unnoticed by the horse. But as soon as aFord appeared the animal reared onher hind legs and snorted. The samething happened each time a Ford machine passed. As the flivvers outnumber other cars in Paris ten toone, Mr. Speakes is getting dubiousabout trusting his heretofore faithful and reliable mare. ,oGET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSHats$2 50 to $7.00Beach Suits, $8Genuine Palmto $12.Straw Hats, $1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)oTies25c to $2.00Caps50c to $2.50EHMHflftr Mf Hjf9v BBEV Hk iYa. !Shirts$1.50to $10.00Hosiery15c to $1.00Belts25c to $1.00L p7rlhtlS18, A, B. Klnckbtva Co.nCOUNTY RECEIVES NEWSPREADER FOR ROADS.OILSaid sale will be made upon cred-f its of six and twelve months, forequal parts of the purchase money,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good surety, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, for onehalf of the purchase money each, duesix and twelve months from date ofsale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds to have the force and effect of judgments.The Commissioner will offer saidlots Nos. 49 and 50 separately, andhe will then offer said lots as awhole, and will accept the highestbid for same.,O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner -Bourbon Circuit Court. ; 'V "'(augi2-19-26)The new five-ton McKinney oilspreader recently purchased by thecounty for use on the county pikes,was received Friday and unloadedfrom the L. & N. siding at Secondstreet. The machine is one of thebest of its kind, and is capable ofspreading large quantities of oil in ashort time. It is so arranged that theoil can be mixed with fine sand andrun through the machine at the sametime, thus insuring a compact firm,surface, and helping to retain the oilmore closely, on the surface of thepike. The big machine slightly resembles one of the new U. S. engines in use on the L. & N."JULY TOBACCO SALES AMOUNTTO $14,028.65.The July tobacco report issued byCommissioner of Agriculture Cohenshows that during that month 952,436 pounds of tobacco weresold for?14, 428.65, or an average of $15.23per hundred pounds. Of the 1917crop 17,730 pounds -twere sold for$1,631.04, or an average of $9.20 Derhundred pounds. jADVANCE STYLESFOR YOUNMENKNOWING that young men desire thevery latest styles in clothes, we hadsome of our suits bought for fallshipped in early. The new Waist SeamCoats in single and double breasteds, somesilk lined, are the leading models shown;The season's new patterns and colorings,including the new red-browns, tans andgreens, are shown in abundance.Good Values in Every Suit$20.00 to S4S.OO7th and MainR. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreJ:Paris, Ky.!S - . - 'v.-.. . I UK-Jftrf- -V" wjr. ,&?MrUfti-Mw- A 'vVT"-Vk .s i 7tr-r vs. As?,25C55'. ., r,J"S7--- --'?i4. JTUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1919THE B0U1B0II NEWS,- - - n " " triSIS, XEirtrcrrMCHBJllJfc;!?-S:"- -----v . V " 7 ' 'A,-..'- vcyFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)- oPEACHES FOB PRESERVINGBetter get your peaches for preserving while you can. At present-we have them. Buy now or paymore later.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.. oNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The Paris Public Library will beclosed from August 16 to Septemberlr on account of the regular summervacation. Patrons of the Library arenotified to govern themselves accordingly. o-RAILROAD SHOPMEN'S STRIKE.So far as Paris is concerned thestrike is ended, as the machinistsand shopmen have agreed to returnto work this morning. This actionwas taken in accordance with an official order sent from the headquarters of the Railroad Shopmen's Union at Covington, with which thelocal men are affiliated.oADVANCE IN COAL.The price of coal has oeen advanced by Paris dealers fifty centson the ton, due partly to the railroad shopmen's stiiiie on the L. & N.,which has almost put a stop to receipts. The black diamonds are nowselling for ?7.00 in the yard, and$7.50 per load delivered.SOCIAL Al-JD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Y. M. C. A. SWDSKESG- POOL OPENTO GIRLS.The use of the swimming pool atthe Y. M. C. A. will be given over togirls each morning from 9:00 to11:00 for the remainder of the season. A trained swimming instructor will be in attendance. Specialrates can now be bad on applicationat the office of the Secretary.oLIBERTY BONDS READY.Liberty Bonds off all issuesnew ready. Please call andCtt yours.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(12-aug3t)SUNDAY AFTERNOON CONCERTThe Italian Band traveling withthe Littlejohn Greater Shows, whichopened a week's engagement hereyesterday, gave an open-air concertin front of the court house Sundayafternoon to a large and appreciative audience. Though the band issmall in numbers, it made up in talent, each, member being an accomplished musician. The program wasa varied one, but pleasing and wellrendered, , . :.&t 5WOMAN'S CLUB TO SERVE SUNDAY NIGHT DINNER.The members of the Woman's Clubat North Middletown will serve dinner in the old Christian churchbuilding every Sunday evening durjng August, the hours from 5:30 to7:30. The moderate price C fiftyc.ents p$r pate will be cnarged, andthe dinner will Include many of, thegood things to cat which the womenof North Middletown precinct knowso well how to prepare. The goodwomen of the Women's Club willMiss Nancy "Young is visitingrelatives in Lexington this week.Dr. D. S. Henry is in Campbellsville, in Taylor county, on business.Mr. Jos. W. Davis, Jr., of Paris,was a visitor in Danville, last week.Mrs. Harry Booth has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lawrenceburg. -.Miss Emma Lucille Jones, of Mt.Sterling, is a guest of Miss LucilleHarpiilrs. Sallie Sallee, of Cynthiana,is a guest of Mrs. P. R. Smith andMrs. Sue Young.. Miss Ruth Gorham, of Louisville,is a guest of her, aunt, Mrs. RedmonTalbott, near Paris. 'Miss Mary Waters,1 of Simpsonville, was the attractive guest of MissHazel Arnold the past week.Miss Elizabeth Tarr left Saturday with a party of friends to spenda week at Crab Orchard Springs.Misses Hazel and HenriettaArnold were in Lexington the pastweek, guests of Mrs. Fannie Turner.Miss Ada West has returned toher home in Nicholasville after avisit to Mrs. Thos. M. Funk, in thiscity. .Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Smith and Mr.Earl Smith, of Shelby county, wereweek-end guests of Mrs. Henry Arnold. Mrs. Wm. E. Board, of Xouisville, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Bridges, ofGeorgetown, are guests of Mr. andMrs. John W. Jones, near North Middletown. Mrs. Jesse Alverson and sons,John Lassing Alverson and Jesse M.Alveron, Jr., are at Crab OrchardSprings.Mrs. Fred Weckesser and Mrs.Wm. Bridges left Friday for a visitto relatives and friends in Elizabeth,West, Va.Mrs. James Fizer, of Mt. Sterling, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Dan W. Peed, and Mr. Peed, on SouthMain street.Mr. and Mrs. Lou Taylor willleave this week for Rochester, Minn.,where Mrs. Taylor goes to take treatment under the Mayo Bros.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher, organist at the Presbyterian church, hasreturned from Chautauqua, N. Y.,where she took a course in pipeorgan.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Mansfieldand son, of Galveston, Texas, are visiting relatives here. Mrs. Mansfieldwas formerly Miss Minnie Denton, ofLittle Rock.Mrs. Chas. D. Wilson, who underwent an operation at St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, several weeksago, was brought to her home nearParis last week.Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Elder, ofRichmond, motored to Paris, Sunday,and spent the day as guests of theformer's brother, Mr. F. S. Elder, andMrs. Elder and family.Miss Carolyn Roseberry and2Iiss Erma Watson, a member of theHamilton. College faculty, will leavethis week for an extended visit toColorado, California and other western points.Mrs. Earl Smith and sons, Arnold and June, of near Shelbyville,returned home Sunday, after a protracted visit with, her parents, Mr.and Mrs. H. B. Arnold, on SouthHigh street .'.'. '""Miss Lilian Talbott and Mr.Samuel Talbott, children of Mr. andMrs. Redmon Talbott, of near Paris,are visiting relatives in Highland,Ohio. Mrs. ' Talbott accompaniedthem as far as Cincinnati.Mr. CE. Bell, of the LouisvilleCourier-Journal, accompanied byMiss Lusby will spend her twoweek's vacation in Paris";and vicinity.Miss Nannette Wallingford, ofParis, left yesterday for Houston,Texas, where she has accepted a position. Mrs. W. C. Potts, of Greenville,Tenn., is visiting iier parents, Mr.and Mrs. George Duvall, on Lilieston avenue.Mr. Elmer Boardman and daughter and Mrs. Chas. R. Walls anddaughter are spending a few days atDawson Springs.Mrs. Daisy Hill, Chief Operatorof the Cumberland Telephone Co.'sexchange in this city, will leave nextweek for Graham Springs, where shewill spend a week's vacation.Misses Flora and Nora Taylor,of Clintonville, and Misses Estherand Hope Yelton, of Butler, were theguests last week of Mrs. J. E. Hughes.Mrs. Hughes entertained in theirhonoraturday evening with a beautiful six o'clock dinner.Mr. Wayne Cottingham, star reporter and feature writer on the staffof the Lexington Daily Leader, 'isspending a part of his well-earnedvacation in this city. Mr. Cottingham will visit Cincinnati occasionally on business and social missions.t The members of the housepartybeing entertained by Mr. and Mrs. J.Miller Ward at their home near Paris,for their son, Mr. Sam Clay Ward,have returned to their homes. Theywere Misses Elise Kidd, of Frankfort,Anne Molloy and Lida Clay Ingels, ofLexington.Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward andtheir son, Mr. Samuel Clay Ward, entertained delightfully on Fridayevening with a swimming party andpicnic supper at the Boonesborobeach in honor of Miss Marian Alexander, of Cincinnati, who is now visiting in Paris. Lieut Clay Ward,who has just returned from France,and is not yet mustered out of thewar service, was also an honoredguest. The party consisted of aboutthirty young people.The following young ladies whohave been having an enjoyable timeat the Boonesboro bathing beach, under the chaperonage of Mr. and Mrs.Hiram Roseberry and Mrs. Harry B.Clay, have returned to their home inthis city: Katherine Wallingford,Vivian Wallingford, Frances AnnSteenbergen, Virginial Cahal, EmilyFithian, Josephine Fithian, MaryMay, Eleanor Swango, Virginia Hancock, Nell Clay, Eleanor Payne, Elmeta Douglass and Alberta Myers.About thirty young people gathered at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Owen L. Davis and spent a happy afternoon as guests of Master BucknerWoodford, Jr., in one of the pettiestchildren's parties of the season. Thebeautiful lawn of the home on Pleasant street was made still more attractive by the use of a large num-.ber of Japanese lanterns. --The rittlefolks enjoyed games and other formsof amusement to their heart's -content, and when they were too tired toplay longer they were given a deli- Icious treat of ice cream and cakes.The guest of honor was assisted inentertaining the guests by his uncleand aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Owen L.Davis, his parents, Mr. and Mra-rBuckner Woodford, and his youngsister, Mrs. Belle Brent Woodford.(Other Personals on Page 3.)ivsy:5XsxHXHxai:-:iiXSXie:-:s3:sxmxmxmxCLEARING SALEON OUR ENTIRE STOCKt. -i? ;-.. -N? 'III!Ready- to -WearSuitsGoats'":;'''DressesCapes, Dolmans,Skirts and Millinery"f - K!IM XIXI1,X'XJ.V :X. sI, x -s mm" 158$&"4--4XHARRY SIMON: J ' e " s mm bb :JTJ2JI0R ORDER MEETINGNIGHT.TO-There will be a special meeting of.Bourbon Council No. 127, Junior Order United American Mechanics tonight (Tuesday) at their lodge room.The members will be asked to giveexpression to their sentiments in regard to raising the monthly dues.rf. oCOUNTY ftintT NEWS.LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires, you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)oPA-R.TS PYTHIANS SPEND PLEASANT DAY AT LEXINGTON.mee- irnii nnd o-rptt vnii. and seatou" and' feed you, and the social Mrs. Bell, was a visitor in Parisfeatures will also oe enooyaDie. jaj. i. v, &j tral Kentucky towns in me interestof the American Legion; a post ofwhich will be organized here soonamong returned soldiers and sailors.Mrs. J. A. Gilkey left Saturday-for Des Moines, Iowa, where she willbe a guest of her sister, Mrs. A. P.Montgomery. - Before .returning toParis, Mrs. Gilkey will join her sister, Mrs. I. N. Phipps, of Mt. Stering, in a visit to relatives and friendsin Chicago, and other middle westcities.Mr. John I. Farris, of Chillecothe, Ohio, is visiting friends andrelatives in Paris and Millersburg.Mr. Farris is a former resident ofParis. After leaving here he was engaged in the restaurant business .inColumbus, Ohio. He is now successfully operating a taxi cab service inChillecothe.Miss Mary Masterson, of Paris,and Mrs. Feeback, of the RuddlesMills vicinity, are typhoid fever patients at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. Mrs. Jack Wilson,who recently underwent an operationat the institution, was able to return to her 'home on the Bethlehempike, near tliis city," Friday. ,Miss Clennie Lusby, formerly ofParis, is a guest of Mrs. N. A. Mooreand other friends in this city. MissLusby is stationed at the U. S. ArmyHospital No. 2, at Ft. McHenry, nearBaltimore, as "reconstruction aide"in the hospital. This is one of theGovernment hospitals established forthe treating and re-education ofoverseas soldiers, who have lost theireyesight from various causes in ac-Here they are taught usefulSixty members of Rathbone LodgeNo. 12, and the A. J. Lovely Co. No.34, Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias, with their families and invitedguests, went to Lexington, Sunday,on a special interurban car, andspent the day in an all-day outingat the Pythian Home. The visitorstook with them baskets filled withsubstantials and delicacies, whichwere spread on the lawn and a luncheon a la picnic style, enjoyed atnoon. A program of musical numbers was given in the afternoon andgames and other forms of amusement filled in the hours, making theday a thoroughly enjoyable one.A number of Pythians from Versailles and Lexington joined theParis party in the afternoon andmore than one "hundred visitors calledon Col. and Mrs. Robert L. Slade, newSuperintendent and Matron, duringthe day to express their satisfaction- tion.In the County Cqurt, Judge GeorgeBatterton assessed fines against thefollowing offenders: Joe Johnsonand Melvin Johnson, both colored, ofCenterville, shooting on the publichighway, each $10; Silas Nutter andAlbert Nutter, both colored, of Jacksonville, charged with striking eachother and with disorderly conduct,were both fined, the former $10 andcosts and the latter $20 and costs.Old False Teeth WantedWe pay up to $25 per set for themin any condition. Broken parts inproportion, also pay highest pricesfor old gold and silver. Mail to us;your money sent by return mail.BRACKBNEY REFINING CO.,226 W. Chestnut, Louisville, Ky.(12-2t-pd), .NISouthdown Sheep ForSale.I have a select lot of Southdownyearling bucks; also 50 Southdownewes and lambs for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,(12-af) R. F. D. 8, Paris, Ky.Farm WantedWanted to rent a farm of about250 or 300 acres, with two houses;25 or 30 acres to go in tobacco; 50or 60 acres to be put in corn. Fivein. family. Call on or address,S. P. WHITLEY?(12-2t-pd) Route 3, Berry, Ky.4.4.-Mr. and Mrs. HomeloVer:A sanitary Refrigerator means a HEALTHY"family.We have just recived a late shipment ofGibsonPorcelain LinedRefrigerators, ,Don't you Want one? - . '-t'"'Isii V-"Nf- w'XL "4" '-.r. . J - -"AJtl&tKi "? 'THE J. T. HIN T0JV CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY $XTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingmIIXIIIlX1Ix1'xI11fSfliwith the management of the Homeoccupations and well taken care of.- f tft - -1-SjVs1"i.r -j ,THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PAMS, KEHTTJCKI ""wwwwTUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 11YAGXSEXLift off Corns!Desn't hurt a bit and Freezonecotts only a few cents.Smashing. Dashing. Auto PoloSpectacular Feature For FairmmitwmS'-Z4 ffri;SESMIfEwtfKlt-M ' ;r .4- : illHrlMSslw MH5 .e -rr ymj1With, your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, -withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)oWE -TOLD YOU SO" I CAMPAIGNAGAINST TOBACCO.After a two-months' inquiry conducted in New York, Chicago, SanFrancisco, and elsewhere, to determine whether there was a concertedcampaign to bar the use of tobacconow that liquor has gone by theboards, the Association Opposed toNational Prohibition issued a statement charging that the Woman'sChristian Temperance Union wasbacking a movement to have antinicotine laws enacted in every State inthe Union.The W. C. T. U. will celebrate itfiftieth anniversary five years henceand the organization is hopeful ofhaving Congress submit a constitutional amendment before March 20,1924, its semi-centennial, forbiddingthe cultivation, sale, use or export ofthe weed for smoking or chewingpurposes, the statement charged."The $1,000,000 drive" begun lastMarch, by the White Ribboners, it isalleged, has for its object the crushing of Demon Nicotine and to thisend the anti-prohibitionists say,$600,000 will be expended ostensiblyon "child welfare," "health and morality," "education and information,"and other propaganda methods bymeans of "the churches and publicschools.The Association Opposed to National Prohibition further chargesthe C. W. T. U. with planning tofinance its campaign against tobaccowithout appealing directly for fundsor naming the purpose for which themoney is to be expended.oCATABBS CANNOT BE CUBED' With local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to cure you musttake an internal remedy. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internallyand acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofBorne of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Bend for testimonials, f reeti P. J. CHENEY & CO.,. Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation, , ,-. oKEWSPAPER MEN 'HIT PIPEHitting the pipe may be a terrible jvice in Chinatown, but not amongthe newspaper men of South Bend,Ind. There it comes pretty nearlybeing a virtue. For the newspapermen of that town have banded themselves together into the Pipe Smokers Thrift Club, each member ofwhich is pledged not to smoke cigarsuntil he has purchased $20 worth ofWar Savings Stamps.The plan was started by a cub reporter who really did not like ci'gars, but the thrift argument withwhich he advocated his scheme wereunanswerable and met with immediate and enthusiastic response.Consequently when a South Bendmember of the Fourth Estate takeshis typewriter in lap to write a"piece for the paper," his first moveis to fill up the old "dudeen." Someof the most effective effusions of onesociety editor have been inspired bythe gurgle of a well-seasoned corncob.Even political and banquet cigarsare under the ban.o-"EAT-SNAP BEATS THE BEST EATTEAP EVEE MADE," MES.EMILY SHAW SAYS."My husband bought a $2 trap. Ibought a 50c box of RAT-SNAP.The trap only caught "S rsts, ButilAT-SNAP killed 12 in a week. I'mnever without RAT-SNAP. Reckon Icouldn't. Taise chicks without it."RAT-SNAP comes in cakes. Threesixes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)o -The horrors of "war are not yetover for Europe. They, re,goiiig tobTt war fcrec igaim over there.wvvwft.;hc. .$.2i Li3i'$"ZX vVytS-v'WISSA show must be almost of superquality to vie with the stunning andspectacular saddle horse exhibitionsheld nightly 'in the great .Jive stockpavillion of- the Kentucky State Fairand in effecting this happy consummation the nicest judgment, sense of spectacular values and practical knowledgeis required.With the possession of these assetsalready demonstrated by Hippodromeshows in 1917-18 which were notableamusement affairs, Kentucky StateFair Secretary Fount T. Kremer it aybe relied on to equal or excel theseformer showings and there is satisfactory assurance in his announcementthat the 1919 roster of attractions willbe the banner array of State Fair history. The outstanding feature of this greatpavilion entertainment will-be the appearance, for the fisst time in theSouth, of the magnificent musical organization known as the 71st Regimental New York Guards Band withLieut. Lambert L. Eben as director.This band figured if all the war activities of the metropolis and is inconstant demand for victrola and piano-playerwork. The organization Ismade up of forty well-trained and accomplished musicians uniformed instriking military array, and it boastssoloists of high repute in the world ofmusic. Its leader, Lieut Eben, is apicturesque figure, and Is said to beone of the most brilliant directors inAmerica. Their programs will bemade up of selections appealing to alltastes.Of the acts proper the most pretentious to be offered in the pavilion ovalwill be the auto polo exhibition whichis second to none as an amusementcombining" thrill, clamor, movementand surprises. This game was introduced to State Fair visitors for thelfirst time last season and both in thepavilion and on the race track itctffyvivmL-,z.rii-x ':: aL3H-Ss.:iysammSmm.sjmSXiM&SPrizes Totaling $10,000 Will Lure .EWorld Champion Horses To FairIffTT I ' , mm j'Cascade," Winner of World's Championship in 1918.For the third time in State Fairhistory a $10,000 premium has beenannounced in connection with the fivegaited Saddle Horse Stake which isoutstanding feature of the horse department of the Kentucky State Fair.For seven successive "fairs the premiums in -this ring had ranged from$500 to 3,000 with only one night's exhibition of the high steppers. In 1917,Commissioner of Agriculture Mat S.Cohen made a whirlwind 'campaignfor funds and by his own 'personal,brilliant, daring work, secured in cioriatlone the splendid sum 'of $835.00,leaping the total premiums for thisevent to $10,000.The announcement -electrified theshow horse world and did just whutthe commissioner calculated and do-. v xt i. . ,., .airedv imbued tie breeders and exh:u!-ltorg of flae-horses -Willi new and keen"T -HK'-mSSBm&V3..m$?aroused a furore of interest and excitement. The game is a species ofpolo contest played with mounts ofroaring, swaying, space-eating autos ofespecial construction and miniaturesize. There are no restrictions as tomethods of attack and head-onsmashes, machine somersaults and"spills" are frequent.Another act of "dare devil" type isto be presented by the Johannes Joeffesson Troupe of five Icelanders, formerly a big drawing card with theBarnum circus aggregation. Theirline of entertainment is a sensationalIllustration of the possibilities of physical development and understandingof defense in the evnt of attack. Pistols, bowie knive and blackjacksfigure sensationally in their paraphernaliaP "Human Aeroplanes" is the billing ofthe Four Boises, who are Englishaerial artists offering amazing mid-airgymnastics. The act includes threemen and a pretty woman .said to be asskilled aslier companions.Astounding feats of dexterity arepromised in the offering of the PortiaSisters who are French girls performing amazing feats of dexterity in midair while revolving suspended by teethor hair. As climax to a thrilling program two of the Portias slide fromeither end of the pavilion roof suspended by their hair.A turn attractive to the eye andtitillating to the senses is assuredin the wheel and wire offering of theMacDonald Trio, as well as the quartetof comedians known as the BaggageSmashers.In "Circus Horsemanship" Fair visitors will be regaled with a spectaclewonderful in the way of super-intelligenceand training and of decorativebeauty.Elephants figure in another animalact of amusing and marvelloustenor and posing steeds and lour people provide a "living statuary" seriesof patriotic and beautiful character.The list of Hippodrome featureswinds up with the stirring, sensational and unusual entertainment ofthe Seven McKays, as a Scotch troupeof canny Highlanders are described.Their offering is a musical ballet inwhich the national instrument, thebag-pipes, figure piercingly and pleasingly. interest in the rjnjc. It also put theKentucky State Fair on a herse showbasis rivaling Madison Square with anentire week of horse events instead ofthe one exhibition, the saddle horsecontests being divided into classes forthe stallions on Monday night, themares on Tuesday night and the geldings on Wednesday with the winnersof the first three prizes in each otthese classes pitted against each otherin a grand struggle for the championship honors of the world on Saturdaynight.The venture in 1917 met with unprecedented success and every night ofthe week the great State -Fair livestock pavilion seating ten thousancspectators was nightly packed to overflowing with enthusiastic spectatorswho apnlauded to the echo the magnificent specimens of horse flesh andequally splendid exhibitions of horse-J "" ,s " ' ?.m " Tf, WeQ-ih!s lrIu,nP" was repeated in 1918 andas .notlilmr succeeds like success. hfdj fair lo outrun all records in 1919.haa&SKyf G.-gJLT .- T-T- "18 cents a packageCamels are sold everywhere mscientifically sealed packages of 20cigarettes; or ten packages (.200cigarettes') in a glassine -paper-coveredcarton. We strongly recommend this carton for the homeor office supply or when you travel.es:fefcSi ii i wKENTUCKY PACING DATESThe following1 are the official racing dates for the fall season in Kentucky: Lexington Saturday, September13, to Saturday, September 20; sevendays.Louisville (Churchill Downs)Thursday, October 23, to Saturday,November 1; nine days.Latonia Wednesday, September24, to Saturday, OcWber 18, twentytwo days.A TRAVELING MAN'S EXPERIENCES. -You may learn something from thefollowing by W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. '"Inthe summer of 1888 I had a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told himto buy me a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute I took a doubledose of it according to the directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock thenext morning I was called by my order and took a train for my nextstopping place, a well man."(adv-aug)1 IVJk.,Ul -Ul'W 'JNTERTOBAN SCHEDULEJ: QAM LSAVfi . -Lexineton For aris frorPansA. M. 6.00xA M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A M. 10:20A. M. -. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M, 4:20P. M. 6:00P. to. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00, Lexftgtoiif.- A. M. f:4A. & v-il5xA. M. 8:15A.- M. 9:45. ' A. M. 11:15P.-M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45y P. M. 5:15K- P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANY , "QQSouthern Optical Co.:IncorporatediManufacture rs'dflPerfect-FittingSPECTACLES AND"Kryptok Artificial Ejes'Invisible' Bifocal Lens'4th & Chestnut Stt,1-6U!SV1LLE, KY.!tyThey Win You On Quality!Your enjoyment of Camels will be very" greatbecause their refreshing flavor and fragranceand mellowness is so enticingly different. Younever tasted such a cigarette ! Bite is eliminated and there is a cheerful absence of anyunpleasant cigaretty after-taste or any unpleasant cigaretty odor 1Camels are made of an expert blend of choiceTurkish and choice Domestic tobaccos and aresmooth and mild, but have that desirable fullbody and certainly hand out satisfaction ingenerous measure. You will prefer this Camelblend to either kind of tobacco smoked straight!Give Camels the stiffest tryout, thencompare them with any cigarette inthe world at any price for quality,Vflavor, satisfaction. No matterhow- liberally you smokeCamels they will not tireyour taste!R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.Winston-Salem, N. C.Jewel Pipeless FurnacesFor Sate ByW. SPICERT.Opposite Court::-.geo7 wT DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.i BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsQ Telephone No. 41:-:1 jMKieaQrii WHLgp1 Is. ' 1i ' -r- .!sdI The Bourbon Laundry" jPans,Specially adapted tohomes without far-naces..Yvr -Requires no pipingnor wall cutting.A new popular pricedand efficient heatingsystem.Easy to install economical to operate.House, Paris, Ky,5atXHI-ig;:iIILaundryWest Fif hlStreetiSATiSFACTI ON iOUK WATCHWORD! JWith all the latest improve-f merits in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we- are- gprepared to do work inf e-rior to none, and solicityour patronage. IIKentuckyXI... . ,EvaIHKXaBXV- r-"i $,'' r.--'ii--ft" 4TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1919THE BOURBOH NEWS,, jPAHS, KEJHXCKtPAGIfXTU '-,jj f it- i (-tfig? SMS: LABOR" The Order of the Bath.Ml very youtliful British tourist, aivfired at an old-fashioned hostelry, hadthe imprudence to order a bath in hisroom for the next morning. Very,early he was awakened by sounds ofhammering somewhere overhead. Thenfollowed much bumping on the stairs)evidently a large and cumbrous weight,was being brought down. The noiseceased outside his own door, whichflew open, and in staggered twdstrong men bearing the big bath fromthe public bathroom, dismounted forbis morning ablutions 1Clever."What makes you think Windyman'swife is such a clever woman? Shenever says anything particularly interesting." "No, but she always manages to monopolize the conversationgo that her husband won't have achance to make a fool of himself."Boston Transcript?Every day brings large increasesin the rank's of conscientious objectors to tight skirts.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404EERST NATL BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136CAH4L BROS.BARBER SHOP"W"."ivjr-JvPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSWilmoth'sFresh.Home! Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376?tE-1-Coal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseWf-..r. .fa-M s-jJT-SSNEW OFFERING!$3,000,000J. C. PENNY COMPANY .7 Cumulative Preferred StockCompanr operates the largest chain of department stores of its kind intne world, maintaining 107 stores, extending into twenty-five states.PRICE 98 AND ACCRUED DIVIDEND TO YIELD 7J8.Special Circular On Request.JAMES C. WILLSON fc CO.210 -S. FIFTH STREETHAD BIG PART IN VICTORYWorld Likely to Be Amazed When ItLearns What the Aircraft ReallyAccomplished.We have become so used to storiesof wonderful feats accomplished byaircraft during the war that everything we hear nowadays leaves us almost cold. The things that, beforethe war, would have furnished boldheadlines in the newspapers and havebeen a topic of discussion for days inthe places where people congregateexcite no more than passing notice,It is scarcely surprising, then, that thestory of how touch has been maintained for more than two yean betweenthe allied armies of the Near East andthe gallant remnants of the Serbiansand Montenegrins who were hiddenamong thtir mountain fastnesses, andof how they were supplied with armsand cartridges by airplane, has hardlyattracted attention. There has beennothing but the barest mention of thefact We are not told how, and fromwhere the machines carried out theirmission, of how many wfer engagedIn the task of supply, or of what effect their wonderful performancesmay have had oh"the situation by keeping up the spirits of the gallant fewwho have held out against the enemyfor so many weary months. We aresimply told that the Serbian army, inIts victorious advance, has obtained,touch with those bands, who "sincethe Austro-Bulgarian occupation havebeen holding out among the mountains and have been continuously supplied with arms, food and cartridgesby airplane." Now that the episode Ishistorical, concludes Flight, and theenemy can gain no possible advantagefrom knowing how it was done, it isa pity that some official commentatorwith an Imagination cannot tell usthe full story, which must be a realepic of war. .JUST WHAT BILLION MEANSProbably Fw PeopU Have Right Conception of What an EnormousAmount It Represents.We hear of billions these days, butIt Is probable that very few personshave any notion of what an enormousamount of money a billion represents.5f fe-fei0. however, how rapidlyanexpert counter of coins manipulatesthem. You can scarcely follow themotion of his fingers aa he shifts thecoins from one pile to another andcounts them. The experts In thetreasury department will count 4,000silver dollars an hour and keep thisup all day long-, but that is theirlimitWorking eight hours a. day, then, anexpert ceunter of coin will count '32,:000 silver dollars in a day, but howlong-will It take him at that rate tocount a million dollars? Thirty onedays IBut that is only the beginning ofthe measurements -of great figures,for if the same man were to continueto count silver dollars at the samerate of speed for ten years he wouldfind that he had counted only 100,000,000 of them, and that to count1,000,000,000 of them would require102 years of steady work at the rateof eight hours a day during everyworking day of every one of the 102years.Would Be a Nuisance.Chairs so mounted that they can lraised and lowered two feet or mortby the occupants, for use In motionpicture and other theaters, are shownIn Popular Mechanics Magazine. Theadvantage of these seats is that theylift the users high enough to give thema view of the stage unobstructed bypersons passing to and fro In frontof them a frequent occurrence at themovie3."When you doff your uniforms, boys,be suie to put on your workingclothes.Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Term inalCo.-sg-5Se-a.an,MafSaBCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257:rcgJr w-i aips .-BftCTLOUISVfLLE00V BLACK'S VICTORYIn common with those who votedfor and otherwise aided in the glorious result, the Stanford InteriorJournal feels to felicitate itself foradvocating with all its might thenomination of Gov. Black to head theticket in November.The Interior-Journal' adds: "Webelieve, and said so, with all the emphasis "of which, we were capable,that Gov. Black was the best man tonominate, both because of his acknowledged ability and his geographical location. He is in fact theonly man who can hold Ed. Morrowa hustle on his own dunghill, wherehe is fully as popular as the onlyman the Republicans dared put upfor Governor. Gov. Black is dailydemonstrating our good opinion ofhim and adding to the Democraticmajority this fall. 'It would havebeen a grevious mistake to have nominated anybody else and the wisdomof his nomination, we are sure, willbe shown in the victory that he willwin, along with the rest of the ticketin November. It is not too soon nowto begin work for that much to bedesired consummation."b L-LANGUAGE OF POETHY AKD LITE( The movement toward a conversational rhythm and diction oncelunched cannot stop with a mer acceptance 'of the spoken word, inthis problem we Americans at leastface a peculiar difficulty owing to ournational temperament. We have beenas a race idealistic yet ashamed ofour idealism. We have .veiled emotion and visionary moods under matter-of-factexpressions, and read eachother's more poetical feelings notthrough what was expressed butthrough what was implied. Our vernacular has been less poetical thanour inner life, and a disguise for itfully as often as a medium for expressing it. When it was a questionof revealing our deepest and holiestfeelings American English has oftenproved an inadequate influence eachother the current phrase has been adrag on the aesthetic part of our life.If verse and the vernacular are tocome together we must have not onlysomething new in verse, but alsosomething new in the vernacular.The thoughts of Danta, Chucer andGoethe made a home in humblespeech, and the simple language grewtransformed around them like thecottage of Philemon. From 1900 to1910 the language of life and thelanguage of poetry had drifted toofar apart, with bad results for both.From .1910 to 1918 poetry bent downto meet the language of life, and attimes bent too far. Now after thesolemnity and emotional stress of agreat war It is time that the language of life should rise half way tomeet the poets.WHY PEOPLE BUY RAT-SNAP INPREFERENCE TO RAT POISON(1) ItAT-SNAP absolutely killsrats and mice. (2) What it doesn'tkill it scares away. (3) Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell, theydry up inside. (4) Made in cakes,no mixing with' other food. (5) Catsor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes,25c, $50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oEXPERTS STUDYING COST OF TOBACCO PRODUCTION.Two special agents from the Agricultural Experiment Station of theUniversity of Kentucky will pay avisit of inspection to the tobaccofields in Bourbon, Fayette and Scottcounties in a few days. They willkeep an accurate account of what itcosts to produce tobacco from thetime the seed is sown in beds untilthe crop is sold on the floors of thelocal warehouses. Their investigations will be of great value to thetobacco men in all portions of theState.oA GREAT REMEDY.The merits of Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at Dupuyer, Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends."(adv-aug)KENTUCKY FAIRS.Following is a list of the Kentucky ffairs and their dates so far as havebeen reported to us:September 8 Kentucky State Fair,Louisville, 6 days.August 12 Fern Creek, 4 days.August 13 Perry ville, 3 days.August 13 Mt. VernQn, 3 days.August 18 Lawrenceburg, 5 days.August 19 Shepherdsville, 4 days.August 20 Liberty, 3 days.August 20 Broadhead, 3 days.August 26 Hopkinsville, 5 days.August 21 Ewlng, 3 days.August 27 .-Florence, 4 days.September 1 Blue Grass Fair,Lexington, 6 days.September 2 Hodgenville, 3 daysSeptember 2 Bowling Green, 5days.September 2 Somerset, 4 days.THE BEST PHYSIC.When you want a pleasant physictry Chamberlain's Tablets. ' They arcasy to take and mild and gentle ireffect. They are highly prized byeople who have become acquaintedI with their good qualities. They onlj Iwaii a, 14111 vow ,1920 (O)j0HPf- '. P .IVV VjrAA 5 . ' -l.?u Ci-J'S7X?.-ti ' L .Uf-K ' T--S .3.'V T r-'.VJ'-.-'uil ?ril I l ' iliWH ' I ill 'I ' " Ir jsmmk;immmBuick Seven-Passenger Touring CarTHE BUICK Model-K-Six-49 is a big, roomy, open car forseven persons, with a range of service in keeping with itspowerful Valve-in-Head motor. The long wheelbase, theextra size tonneau,the completeness of all details makingfor comfort and convenience give it an air of unlimitedcapacity that is amply borne out by its continued andconsistent performance.This body is divided by a double cowl, into which the folding seats disappear when not in service. These extra seatsare so arranged as to give liberal space to all occupants inthe tonneati, thereby avoiding any possible crowding.The slanting windshield braces form the front supportfor the high-grade top, which is also equipped with wellmade side curtains that swing open with the doors.When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S. BALL OARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,t-'"III ttfUNJVERSALAR . :(HIGGLES( 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. DMirror History.In the early part of the sixteenthcentury mirrors first became article!of household furniture and decoration.Previous to that time from thetwelfth to the end of the fifteenth century pocket mirrors or small handmirrors, ' carried at the girdle, wertadjuncts to ladies' toilettes. Thepocket mirrors consisted of small circular plaques of polished metal fixed1b a shallow circular box covered with& Mi."WHY I PUT UP WITH RATS FORYEARS," WRITES N. WIND-SOR, FARMER."Years ago I bought some rat poison, which nearly killed our finewatchdog. It so scared us that wesuffered a long time with rats untilmy neighbor told me about RATSNAP. That's the sure rat killer anda safe one." Three sizes, 25c, 50'c,$100.4 Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)V:j?tThe Heme Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent willinralways on duty, day or night. ' 'He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or aayofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emtrftmej.He will go far beyoud the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good propective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few 'sec-onds. ;,And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c 9 tuuy , xu piaue ui uuaiueaa nuiu iu to J.ZC per day.Paris Home Telebone TelegrahComwinyRS$.i1 " (incorporated) I " l Jfj4J. J. Veatch, District IDuuser.SeriesViaVfsrJ .,a .v W. H. Cuuwa, Loeaix. ,1''1F10X EIGHTJFHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABISr" KENTUCKY'TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, lSiy1.MILLERSBUR6mMiss Akon, of Lexington, is theguest of Mrs. Mattie Hawes.Mrs. Mattie Hawes visitedfriends in Lexington, Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen leftSaturday for Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Jennie Lyle, of Lexington,jarrived Friday as the guest of herfcuint, Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky.Mrs". J. W. Williams, of Stanford, arrived Friday, as the guest of' iter sister, Mrs. M. E. Pruitt.-The Misses Wallace, of Maysyille, arrived Sunday as guests ofMrs. E. H. Kerr and daughter.Mrs. W. W. Hutchison, of Nepton, was the guest of her niece, Mrs.rA. ZD. Maffott, a few days last week.Mrs. Adah McClintock andjfiaugters left Thursday for a visit toMr. and Mrs. W. G. McClintock, atjParis.Mrs. Bayles DeBell, of Ewing,arrived Friday from Lexington as,the guest of her daughter, Mrs. R. M.jCaidwell.Mr. James Hawes left SaturdayJfor Chicago, 111., where he will accept a position on the staff of thejChicago Herald.Mr. and Mrs. Bayless DeBell returned to their home at Ewing, yes-,jierday, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.JR. M. Caldwell.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffott andjQr. and Mrs. F. A. Herbert will leave)this week for. Crab Orchard Springsfco be .absent a week.THE SICK Miss Elizabeth BosIton is improving. Mr. Henry Petterfeon remains about the same. EnnisEarl Insko is doing nicely.1 The Progressive Carnival Co.jopened here yesterday afternoon forak week's engagement. The openingay had a large attendance." NOTICE. I have accepted thelocal agency for the Levy Dry Cleanling: Co., of Paris. We are preparedto do' "work on all kinds of clothing.jCall on me for prices or further particulars. f R. M. CALDWELL.1 Remember the price of leather3s Ing up. We are selling shoes at.the ame price. An advance in theHear future is inevitable. Buy nowjwfcil0 you can save money.' Mr. and Mrs. Charles Martin,3Jr. and Mrs. T. L. "Marshall and children, Mrs. J. M. Alverson and children and Mrs. Horace Purdy andchildren,, of this city, are spending aweek at Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Martha Vimont and daughter, Miss Florence, returned Friday,from a week's visit" to Mrs. W. A.IMunslng, at Maysville, and also toUr. L.' C. Vimont, at NewportThe Sugar Creek Cream StationSlow dp'erated by Mrs. R. M. Caldwell,fwill be open on Tuesday 'and Fridayafternoons each week, during theDmonthof August. Don't forget theJdays. .Coffee is going up every day. We"faa-ve' a Variety of good grades, whichyou' can- buy cheaper than elsewhere..Call -and inspect, and you will buy.'" R. M. CALDWELL. .- The colored camp meeting which2bas been' in progress in the coloredMethodist church yard for more thana week, closed Monday night. It issaid to be-one of the most successfulmeetings of its kind ever held here.A large jrowd was in attendance onSuaday.Dr. H. M. Boxley is now tearing'down one ofthe old landmarks of"MaHersburg, the property recentlyjreeently. purchased." by him from Mr.SfcasLeer- and' vacated by Mrs. AnnajeSerson, which is more widelyJcnown as the old Boulden property.He will erect in its stead a handsomeImngalow.STOCK, CROP, ETC..DEATHS.KISER.t Folowing a short illness, due tointestinal troubles, Mr. W- J. Kiser,familiarly known as "Jeff," one ofthe best-known and most popularfarmers in the county, died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Saturday morning. Mr. Kiserhad been ill but a day, and his physicians deemed it best to have an operation performed. He was removedfrom his home on the Clintonvillepike, Friday, to the institution,where an operation was performed inhope of affording relief. Death ensued about three o'clock Saturdaymorning.Mr. Kiser was a son of the late Mr.J. P. Kiser, one of the pioneer residents of the Kiserton vicinity, andhad spent most of his life in the Kiserton vicinity. He was about sixtyfive years old, and until he moved tohis new home on the Clintonvillepike, near this city, had resided inthe old Kiser home, near Mt, Carmel. He was -a successful farmer, aman of genial disposition, and onewho made and retained life-longfriends. He was active in the business world and gave of his means toevery charitable object without stint.Mr. Kiser was twice married, hisfirst marriage being to Miss NannieRemington, daughter of the late Mr.and Mrs. B. F. Remington, of Paris,and a sister of Mr. William Remington, of the Paris Democrat, and Mr.Frank Remington. His second marriage was to Miss Rout, of Harrisoncounty. He is survived by two sisters, Mrs. Isaac Keller, of Kiserton,and Mrs. Fannie Smith, of Paris;two brothers, Walker Kiser and Jas.L. Kiser, both residing near Kiserton; and five sons, Mr. Frank P.Kiser, confidential business agent forthe firm of E. F. Spears & Sons, WillKiser, Councilman Thos. P. Kiser, allof Paris, and Emmett Kiser and H.Clay Kiser, who are on the big wheatand flax ranche of E. F. Spears &Sons, near Saskatchewan, Canada.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery, by Rev. John R. Jones, ofCynthiana. The committal servicesat the grave were conductedby the members "of Shawhan LodgeNo. 716, P. & A. M. The pall-bearerswere G. K. Jones, Thos. Rhorer,J. H. Ewalt, G. K. Pepper, A. P.Adair and Dr. George Rankin.. otrmonialT4JA marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office o CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. E. L.Bramel, 30 of Paris, and Miss NancySims, 20, of Carlisle.A transcontinental marriage waspergformed Friday -by long distancetelephone when Mrs. Marie J. West,in Denver, was wedded to James A.Home, a Denver inventor, in "NewYork, the Rev. O. Elizabeth Andersonofficiating in Denver.When time for the presentation ofthe ring, a friend who had acted asbest man became the proxy bridegroom, placing the ring on the bride'sfinger.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cToday, TuesdayVivian MartinIN"The Home Town Girl"William DuncanIn the Last Episode of"The IVIan of Might"ANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"BACK TO THE WOODS"Tomorrow, WednesdayCECIL B. DeMILLE'SPRODUCTION"For Better,For Worse"An Artcraft Picture.ALSOVITAGRAPH COMEDY'His Home,Sweet Home'and Paramount PictographThursday, August 14thLadies9 DayAlice Brady"His Bridal Night"Something that never happened on the bridal night of anyother two persons happened tothis bride and bridegroom in"His Bridal Night"Also Vod-a-VH MoviesTwo ladies will be admitted for oneticket plus 2c war tax on Thursdays.TODAYAND ALL THIS WEEKJOE THOMASWorld- Famous Saxophoneand Cornet SoloistFormerly Leader of the Famous ClownBand at the New York Hippodrome.HISTORIC GARRETT DAVIS HOMEIN NEW HANDS.Simon "Weil, of Lexington, purchased of Ashby Leer, of Millersburg,one carload of export cattle, averaging about 1,400 pounds per head, ati .,A Pn Anamcf 'sixteen cenis per- yuuu. xxiAtovdelivery- -$Ir. w. A. Thomason purchasedFriday of Mr. John Woodford 7 8, hailhead of 1,500-pound cattle for 16cents per pound. The cattle win oe prompt andWILLIS RYE.The marriage of Corp. John R.Rye, of Paris, and Miss Nellie Willis,of Ironton, O., was solemnized lastweek at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. Hampton, in Ironton.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. James T. Willis, of Ironton, anda very popular young woman. Corp.Rye is the eldest son of Mr. and Mrs.James H. Rye, of Paris. He has recently returned from France, wherehe had been in the .service as a member of the American ExpeditionaryForce. He is stationed at present atCamp Gordon, near Atlanta, Ga.,awainting discharge from the service.' oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstwithshipped the latter part of this month I justments.if the livestock embargo is raised bythat time.Goff & Rice, of Paris, sold to W.C. Rosneberg, of Tiffin, Ohio, fivefancy bred Shorthorn calves for $2,000. The calves will be shipped tothe new owner as soon as the embargo on live stock shipments israised. " W. F. and W. T. Bryan solda nne lot of butcher cattle to J. S.Hobbins for 12 cents per pound.The cattle averaged 1,065 poundsa-nd will be-shipped to the Cincinnatijnarket. ,- oYERKES & PEED.satisfactory ad-(june20-tf)BIRTHS.Near Little Rock, this.county, tothe wife of Mr. George Reynolds, ason. " -t In this' city, Friday morning, to'ike wife of Mr. Walter Dalby, man-ager of the S. H. Kress Co.'s depart'raemt store, a son. Mrs. Dalby wasformerly Miss Virginia Cook, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. FT Cook, ofParis.MUST LIST PROPERTY BY SEP?TEMBER OR BE SUED.That some Bourbon county property-ownerswho have failed to listtheir property Jgpr the 1920 assessment have neglected the matter because of their ignorance of the provisions of the State tax law, is theopinion expressed by County TaxCommissioner Walter Clark."Persons who owned a certainpiece of property on or before thefirst of July of this year, must listit for 1920 assessment," said Mr.Clark, "whether they have disposedof it since July 1, or not. The figures for the assessment are as of July1, 1919, and have nothing to do withchanges after that date. Persons whofailed to list their property for assessment by September 1 probably willJiave their names left off the 1920Mfetsment books and will lay themselves liable to suits for back taxesand a penalty. Under the State taxlaw the county assessor is instructedt- "'"Wood Home," for many years thehome of the late Senator GarrettDavis,' was purchased recently fromthe heirs of the late James E. Fordhy James McClure, Cashier of theFirst National Bank, of Paris. McClure made the purchase as a homefor his son, Lieutenant James WinnMcClure, of the United State Army,who is now stationed at SchoolfieldBarracks, Hawaiian Islands. Thetract contains twenty-two acres andis situated on Winchester street,near the city limits of Paris.To the older residents of Paristhis hostorc spot is linked with thelife of Garrett Davis, one of thegreatest of many great men of Kentucky, who spent the greater part ofhis illustrious life within its confines,and where at various times some ofthe great minds of the country wereentertained.Many residents of Paris rememberthe active political career of SenatorDavis as an old line Whig; his intense loyalty and personal and political friendship for Henry Clay, thegreat commoner, and for his illustrious service to his county, his Stateand his party.- As a lawyer, orator and statesmanSenator Davis had few equals. He wasa native of Montgomery county, having been borninMt. Sterling on September 10, 1801. He died at "WoodHome" on September 29. 1872.His first political office was that ofCircuit Court Clerk of Montgomery"county. In 1823 he located Jn Parisand began the practice of his profession as a lawyer. His first wife was adaughter of Robert Trimble, of Paris,Justice of the Supreme Court of theUnited States. His second wife wasa Miss Elliott, daughter of a prominent lawyer of Paris. He has a sonsurviving,- Garrett M. Davis, a citizenof Washington for many years.Mr. Davis served his State manytimes in the Legislature, and foreight consecutive terms reperesentedthe Ashland District in the LowerHouse of Congress.In the United States Senate hewas a commanding figure, recognizedas a skillful debator and orator.When first elected Senator he succeeded John C. Breckinridge, who resigned to enter the service of theConfederacy. ,The body of Senator Davis rests inthe Paris cemetery, as does that ofhis distinguished father-in-law, Justice Robert Trimble. Upon the occasion of his funeral eulogies were delivered by Senators Stephenson, ofKentucky; Cameron, of Pennsylvania; Thurman, of Ohio; Sumner, ofMassachusetts; Bayard, of Delaware;Trumbell, of Illinois, and manyothers.It is the intention of the new owner to remodel the place along thesame line it was during the lifetimeof its noted owner, and as he alreadypossesses a part of the Kenninghamproperty adjoining, when completedthe two together will comprise one ofthe most desirable estates in theBluegrass region.oB-4 FIREInsure wjtHW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsRELIGIOUS.Dr. Flanigan, of Norfolk, Va.,will fill the pulpit of the Presbyterian church next Sunday morning.The State Sunday School Convention will meet at Ashland, Aug. I19-22. The following persons will irepresent the Paris Presbyterian Sun- jday School: Mr. Owen L. Davis, jMrs. Wm. Johnson, Miss ElizabethCrutcher. Mrs. Harry B. Clav and 'Mrs. Sjam Willis will attend the District Sunday School Convention atJackson, Ky.The annual meeting of the Kentucky Sunday School Association willbe held at Ashland, Ky., August 19to 22. More than 2,000 minister,Sunday School superintendents,teachers and chaurch workers fromall sections of the State are expectedto attend.tion will hold its meeting with theState organization., The Kentucky Conference of theJdethodist Episcopal Church, South,will convene at Shelbyville, September 3, with Bishop Collis Denny, ofNashville, Tenn., presiding. . This district, of which Dr. E. G. B. Mann isPresiding Elder, will send eight laydelegates, twice as niany as havebeen sent before, under a new rule.'Hie conference embraces aboutthird of the State and about 35;005,Southern Methodists. , , ;A membershln Contest betweenthe various classes of the North Mid-Grand Opera HouseMonday and Tuesday AUG. 18 and 19Domingo's Filipino SerenadersWill Present-aA NIGHT IN THE PHILIPPINES"Performance Starts at 8:15ADMISSON: Adults, 45c plus 5c War Tax 50c,dren and Gallery, 22c plus 3c War Tax 25c.Chil-School, was inaugurated Sunday1 andThe Boyd County Associa- J wil1 continue for five Sundays. Thecontests will be between the Everyman's Class vs. Housekeeper's Class;Young Men vs. Young -Women; Intermediate Boys vs. IntermediateEXHIBIT WILL BE BIGGEELast year visitors to the State Fairwere pleased and impressed with the.exhibit of the College of Agriculturein the Grand Stand building. TheGirls; Junior Boys vs. Junior Girls;Primary Boys vs. Beginners. The exhibit this autumn will be biggerleaders of each class are actively at and better in every way. Live stock,work and are urging each new mem- j dairying, coils and farm managementben to bring in others. The contest jwill all have impressive displays.is already attracting considerable in-;terest in the North Middletownone- cinity, -t it ,, . ,- o s ' -. i uduv vvh.uii.il mil. liik imiiijii:k vI hen that holds the world's record fordletownjChristian Church Biblej non-stop laying, will he one of theI features nf the fiyhlhit. The farmer'sHAIL INSURANCE. jgood wife who ejfr the canningHall insurance On tobacco. displaymade by the "club girls, SMIThomas, Woodford & Bryan be glad to have an opportunity toJune24-U) , , J meet this wonderful hen.CAMPBELLSBURG VISITED$57,000 EIRE.BYEire. which broke out in the garageof the Grassman hotel, in Campbellsburg, Ky., Friday, night destroyedthe hotel and adjoining property tothe value of $75,000. Guests escapedin their night clothes.Mrs. Grassman Avas rescued unconscious. The buildings burned included thatof the Wilson & Arnold ImplementCompany, Wilson's, Wyatt's, McCarter's General Stores, Barber'sDrug Store and the Cumberland Telephone Exchange.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoNEW AUTO OWNERSThe Phoenix" Garage, of Lexington,reports the sale 'and delivery of aLexington Minute-Man-Six touringcar to Mr. Henry Judy, of Paris. TheLexington Cadillac Company reportsthe sale of a Cadillac roadster to Mr.xWoodford Spears, of Paris, for future1 delivery.PA3ST COKCE3STySCLEARANCE SALE!Creating remarkable enthusiasm because of the greatvalue-giving. This sale offer to our patrons a remarkableopportunity to prepare against inevitable high prices.Get your share of these wonderful bargains for futureas well as present needs.$5.00 Oxfords and Pumps $3.95Ladies' dark, tan, black, patent kid, whitecolonial Oxfords and Pumps, Louis heel.$6.00 Oxfords $4.45Ladies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made.$4.00 Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps $2.95Ladies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All sizes.$3.50 Oxfords and Pumps $2 49Ladies' WmHe Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel.$3.00 White Canvas Pumps $1.95Ladies'. White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also Black Kid.$5.00 Men's Oxfords $3.95Men's Pat. Kid and Russ. Tan Eng. Oxfords.$7.00 Men's Tan Oxfords $5.95Men's .Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords, Walk-Over and other famous makes.$4.50 Men's Shoes and Oxfords $2.99Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes, welts.$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan LaceOxfords, welts $2.49$2.50 Boys Gun Lace Shoes at.$1.79$4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords $2.99Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers . . $ 1 .49Children's Canv. and Pat. Kid Pumps.. 99cBarefoot Sandals at.85cSubstantial Reductions in All OthejGrade Shoes and Oxfords,highNo Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.Women's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 valuesWomen's Canvas Oxfordssole, low heel, all sizes,Trimmed rubber$2.00 values, at...$122$1DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reignto take this action.-4 ,- -A.KVX-