-f.l-WH-RnTHENEWS.v v - -IV -sPUBLISHED EVERY TUJBSDAY AND FRT vY IN- THE YEARVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, JANUARY 3. 1919V -3 ' 'f-t ' ft -BOURBON.:.4!;i: : : . I'. I' nHtf&hi-SraBMvrIN THE SERVICE OP THKIR.COTOTBY.A message was received Tuesday 'by Rev. and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, of j The 5 opened at the IndependLexington, announcing the safe arri- ent warehouse, with a full floor. Aval overseas of their daughter, Miss'total of 199,045 pounds was disposedEva Spencer. She is with the Red 0f, for a money value of $69,249.14,Cross Hospital Unit No. 76, of Chi-a fl0or average of $34.79. The highcago, recently ordered for duty'est croD cron sold was thai nf fi nssabroad. Miss Spencer is a sister ofMrs. Wpn. B. Ardery, of near Paris.0Drake Thompson, Jr., is at home ona furlough to visit his parents, Mr.and Mrs. I. D. Thompson, on Duncanavenue. Mr. Thompson has re-enlistedin the service. He is stationedat the rifle range, near Annapolis,Maryland, where he won honors asan expert rifleman.Charles Ballard, of Montgomerycounty, whose name appeared on thecasualty list after the last days ofthe war, surprised his parents by returning home for the Christmas holidays. In the fighting near Verdunhe had part oi his ankle snot away.After spending several weeks in aFrench hospital and again in one onthis side of the water he was sufficiently recovered to return home.Private John C. Fisher, who hasbeen stationed at Ft. Hamilton, NewYork, as a member of Battery D.,38th Regiment, has received an honorable discharge from the service.Private Fisher, who has been a guestof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Fisher, near Centerville, left Tuesdayaccompanied by his uncle, J. T. Ammerman, for Florida, to spend thewinter.All discharged soldiers are to be allowed to retain any sweaters, wearing apparel or other supplies thathave been donated to them by theAmerican Red Cross, as announcedby V. C. Knowles, director of theBureau of Camp Service, Lake Division, American Red Cross.An instruction to this effect, wassent to the Lake Division from theDepartment of Military Relief at RedCross Headquarters, in "Washington.The instruction is based upon, an order issued by the Wr Department.Among others returning for theholidays from the naval stations andships is Rene Clarke, who has successfully passed through the trainingstages, and the influenza, and is 'nowstationed board the U. S. S. Kearage, doing patrol duty on the Atlantic coast. The Kearsarge hasbeen in Boston harbor for severaldays, from where the boys weregiven their furloughs. He will be inParis about seven days. Rene saysthe navy is the -proper place faryoung men in these days, and that tis surely "the great life." ' 'John Moran, of Paris, who lis a.member of the Barrow-Hospital ,tJnitNo. 40, stationed at Sarisbury Odourt,-wT,tc -Rne-land. writes THE 2NEWS. vKtn n TirTiirTi Tin as.V5..t .wt'irnnw when we ykll behome. That is the main thing thatinterests every man over hfere now.We believe we are going toj get action of some kind before Song, butjust what direction we will head forwhen we start froni here, and justhen that will be nobbdy knows.About as definite as a soldier's account of his trip overseM -while thecensorship regulations -Jvere on tight,r isn't it? We are comfortably situated here at present!, -and perhapsfor an indefinite lengtp of time, taking care of the patients at our hospital, and generally Iraising hell ofthe Kentucky variety, whenever weget a chance. It's a Jgay life here atSarisbury Court, if Jyou don't mindwhat you say." f. o-Carl Mitchell, off Paris, who isstationed on the U.j S. S. "South Carolina," catne in Tu'esday on a sevendays' furlough, to J visit friends andrelatives. Mitchell brought with hima copy of the men.u card used at thebig Christmas dirj!ner given on boardthe ship while aa sea. Just to givereaders of THE NEWS an idea ofwhat the boys bfad we reproduce thecard, as follow"Captain W. V). Brotherton, Commanding .Officer,"CommanderW. T. Smith, ExecutiveOfficer, ! - . r". - '"Lt-CommarAder Pay Corps W. R.VnBtxreri; Coirimissionary Ofll-c5--' .- !' 'Christpnas Dinnerf On Board TheUnited States Ship South Carolina,Nineteen Hundred Eighteen.MENU.Gibletjsoup; soda crackers; roastturk-ey; sage dressing; cranberryeauc(s; hearts of celery; spicedham? mashed potatoes; boiledoniofas; green peas; mince pie;pumpkin pie; apples; oranges;bananas; nuts; raisins; candies;cigars; coffee.' "John H. Cass,-"Chie'f Commissary Steward', U. S. K"(Contimued on Page 3.)TOBACCO MARKETS.Good prices were obtained at thesales held at the local warehousesWednesday. The offerings contained, a higher percentage of low grade to-j bacco, which was the only thing pre-ventine: record -break ins- nwpounds belonging to Leet & Stitt,which brought an average of $52.52.Oscar Hupie, the nine-year-old son ofDee Hume, disposed of a crop of 370pounds, raised by himself, for an average of $39.98.Sales blocked at the Paris warehouse where a total of 90,885 poundssold for $34,188.47, a floor average of$37.00. Prices ranged from $12 to$68 per hundred pounds. Some ofthe best crop averages were as follows: F. M. Tinder, 3,760 pounds, average $34.80.Frank Leach, 2,545 pounds, average $33.75.Simms & Deering, 5.035 pounds.Jave rage $45.91Letton & Mclntyre, 7,925 pounds,average $37.84.Buckner & Rankin, 4,210 pounds,average $51.81.Carter & Carmichael, 4,105 pounds,average $47.52.Burris &. Jackson, 5,055 pounds,average $30.11.Talbott & Hash, 6,355 pounds, average $47.Woodford & Case, 5,430 pounds,average $45.Henry & Singleton, 1,600 pounds,average $31.61.Mrs. Hedges & Wagoner, 5,385pounds, average $41.40.t Crouch & McDaniel, 4,015 pounds,average $34.70.Tate & Florence, 4,990 pounds,average $49.75.Thompson & Taylor, 14,825pounds, average $35.34.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany had another highly satisfactory sale- Tuesday, at their Bourbon Warehouse, disposing of 257,450pounds of tobacco for $92,687.56, anaverage of $34.67. The followingcrop averages were reported:D. C. Parrish sold 3,245 pounds,average', $39.75.Burke, Brent & Gallaher sold18,4Q0 pouads, average, $36.93.Meng & Rogers sold 15,000 pounds,average, $38.35.Deo Jfcray sold 5,57j vpoundsavrj.age, ?3b.u.McClintock & Orms sold 10.330pounds, average, $30.80.J. Woods & Pence sold 8,570pounds, average, $43.20.Mclntyre & Florence sold 3,025pounds, average, $33.65.J. C. Leer, Jr., sold 2,235 pounds,average, $55.18.Mclntyre & Wagoner sold 4,365pounds, average, $42.65.Jones & Mason sold 1,985 pounds,average, $44.15.Johnson & Kerr sold 4,815 pounds,average, $45.Anderson & Thompson sold 3,880pounds, average, $47.71.Wheat & Revel sold 2,552 pounds,average. $37.17.Brent. Burke & Gallaher sold10.614 pounds, average, $41.95.No sale was held at the Independent warehouse yesterday. Thesale at the Bourbon Tobacco Ware-Pouse closed at such a late hour thatthe clerical force had not completedtheir figures at going to press time,and io report was available. Saleswill be held again to-day.-o-.SEVEN SMALL FARMS ATTJ0N TO-MORROW.ADCTo-morrow at 10 o'clock Wm. andLou Taylor will sell at public auctionseven small farms, located on theMaysville pike and the Jackstownpike. These farms will be sold tohighest bidders. Never any tobaccogrown on this land, and nearly allin sod. Located just outside of citylimits. Most desirably located property in the county. See Harris &Speakes, agents, or Wm. and LouTaylor, owners, for particulars.NOT POSSIBLE YET TO GET WARTROPHIES.Some tipie ago County Clerk PearcePaton wrote a letter to Provost Marshal General Crowder, at Washington, setting forth the desire of thepeople of the city and county to se-fMir-Atwo small cannon for adornment of the court Jhouse- lawn, andasking him to use his influence toward their acquirement.In reply Clerk Paton received aletter from General Crowder, , inwhich he regretted to state that atpresent it would be impossible to secure the coveted war trophies, as therequest would necessarily have tocome before the officials of the Warrwartment in the regular channelsof official business, and that, furthermore, it. would have to be' matterfor legislation. ueucicomplimented Clerk Paton on the excellent administration of his dutiesin connection with the selectivedraft service, and a4ded that hewouli do all he could .to 'assist in se-'for Bourbon'curing the tropmes.:'H .", - ' : - , , , VV ' 'iAK "''&&& - ry&&&'tt&EIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, PARIS, KENTUCKY .DEDICATION SUNDAY OF THENEW PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHREV. J. LAYTON MAUZ, D. D.,0P HUNTDTaTON, WEST VA., WILLPREACH THE SERMON DEDICATING THE HANDSOME NEWEDIFICE AT THE CORNER OP FIFTH AND PLEASANT STS.NThe congregation of the FirstPresbyterian church, of Paris, Kentucky, will dedicate its new building,Sunday, January 5, at 10:30 a. m:The dedicatory sermon will bepreached by Rev. J. Layton Mauze, !D. D., pastor of the First Presbyterian church, of Huntington, West Va.The church doors will be openeLagain in the evening at 7:15 o'clock,when Rev. Benjamin J. Bush, D.Dtpastor of JLhe. Second- Presby terraschurch, of Lexington, Kentucky,, winpreach a sermon on "Gospel Pride."The new church has been -erectedat a cost of $50,000. It is of-Gothicdesign and is built of rough redbrick and cut stone. The building isheated by steam and lighted by electicity. The lower floor is arranged forSunday School work and has a largeassembly room, adult and infant ciaesrooms. An important feature of thisfloor is a modern, fully equippedkitchen.The main auditorium is entered bypassing through a beautiful vestibule with marble steps, tile floor andmarble wainscoting. On both sides ofthe vestibule are rest rooms, one forgentlemen and one for ladies. Themain floor of the auditorium contains pew sittings for four hundredpeople and the balcony seats an ad-1ditional two hundred. All wood-work, grills, the organ consol and thepews are of walnut color. The ceiling is of dark wood and elaboratelypnrieled with' large dropbeams fromwhich are suspended Gothic electroliers. The walls are decorated witha Tiffany "blend. The art glass is ofgreen tint beautifully figured, and isthe gift of Mrs. E. F. Spears andfamily in memory of their father,Captain E. F. Spears. The pipe organis in a deep arch, upon the sides ofwhich are the pastor's study and th-rhoir room- The organ pipes are alllocated in two rooms above theorgan. The sound enters me aumtorium through four large grills.The organ is electrically driven andis the gift of the member of thischurch in memory of the late Dr.Frank Fithian. The pulpit furniture is solid walnut of Gothic design It consists of three elaboratelyhand carved chairs and a broad pulpit 'and is the gift of Mrs. CatesbyWoodford in (memory of her motherMrs. Martha Clay Davenport. Bythe side of the pulpit is a beautifulwalnut flower pedestal which J i thegift of Mr. and Mrs. Wyatt Thompson, in memory of their daughterwi tj.Thnmnson. Immediatelyin "front of the pulpit stands a ver 'large communion table .with tochairs. These are .the handsome giftof Mr. and Mrs. James L. odee'nmemory of Mr. Dodge's .father andmother, Mr. and Mrs. David DodgeA, large hand-carved baptisma 1 fontwith a marble bowels the munMcentaddition of Miss Belle Mitchell, inmemory of her sister, Mrs. GeorgiaKThe first Presbyterian Churd. tnoA in the year 178 1,jrans was orB" - iwotortmv flv vears after the celebratedbattle of Blue Licks and five lyearbefore the adoption by the : people ofTr.-...w Kf tii nrst Constitution otthe State, and, beforebecame a State ana u. " orcounty had ever heen- ganiornamed, it is as old as the NationalGovernment, and it was organizedand came into being in the same yearin which the Constitution of theUnited States was adopted.At the time of the establishment ofthe Presbyterian church in what isnow known as the City of Paris, thiscity consisted simply of a few rurelyconstructed log huts and did not exceed, according to the best authorities, more than about three hundredpersons in its population: It had'nteven risen to the dignity of having aname; it had never been incorporatedas a municipality; and it was not until 1789 that the Virginia Legislaturepassed as act incorporating it as amunicipality under the name ofHopewell; and in the following year,1790, the same Legislature changedthis name to the City of Paris.The Reverend Andrew McClurewas the pastor, who organized andministered to this congregation untilhis death in 1793. It appears fromthe records that during the yearsthat Mr. McClure ministered to thischurch, he likewise' ministered to aPresbyterian church located at Ruddles' Mills, and known as StonerMouth Church. The old walls of thischurch were standing at a time wellwithin the memory of the writer.The first church building in thiscity was a stone building locatedupon a lot now occupied by the resi-dence of the late James T. Davis.This building, sometime about 1820,was taken down and a brick structure was built upon the same siterduring the ministry of the ReverendJohn McFarland.This church at Paris was organized by what is known as TransylvaniaPresbytery, which Presbytery was organized in 1786, and was the firstPresbytery organized west of the Alleghaney Mountains, and the ministers composing this Presbytery were:The Rev. David 'Rice, R.ev. AndrewMcClure, -Rev. Thomas craigneaa,ReviuAdam Rankin and Rev. JamesCrawfprd.In the spring of 1795 the Rev. Samuel Rannells, likewise an emigrantfrom the State of Virginia, succeededthe Rev. Andrew McClure as the pastor of this church, and he continuedhis ministry from that time until hisdeath on the 26th day of March,1817. It is recorded of him that hewas a most earnest, zealous and laborous worker in the interest of hischurch. He came to Paris as asingle man, but after a few monthshe returned to' Virginia, where he-r.aA and returned to thisVViUa uiaiiKi ,,place with his bride. And from metime that he came to this church in1795 up even till this hour, it isshown by the records that some mem.ber of his family or some one of hislienal descendants has been connected with this church; and it is nowrepresented in ' its sessions by Mr.James D. McClintock, a great-grandsonThis pious and Godly man hadtwo' sons who likewise entered theiiof nf the Presbyterian churchand were highly successful in theMaster's cause.nw -Rev. Mr. Rannells' was succeeded by' the Rev. Wm. Wallace, amat of most, brilliant talents andArdent piety, but who died after at ,vr mt one year. He wasd. in 1820, by the Her. JohnWland. an able, rigorous and(Continued on .rs "HEAVY RAIN'S ARE FOLLOWEDBY COLD WAVEConsiderable damage Is believed tohave been caused in the county bythe sudden rising of streams andbranches which have become swollenand out of their natural channels bythe heavy rains that have continuedfor two or three days. According toreports received here yesterday fromMr. H. F. Hillenjmeyer, of Lexington, the depth of the rainfall for thepast two days was nearly 3 inchesand a half, an inch and one-halffalling during Wednesday. Mr. Hillenmeyer stated that the rain, hadbeen general all though CentralKentucky. Wednesday night the rainchanged to snow, which continuedintermittently for most of the night.Yesterday the temperature droppedto 24 degrees above zero.Heavy rains covering" a period ofabout sixty hours put Stoner andHouston ctreeks, running throughParis, out of their banks, and floodedthe lowlands along these streams.Branches became creeks and flowedall over the surrounding territory.Travel was seriously impeded in someparts of the county. Teamsters fromNorth Middletown had tq make a detour by way of Stony Point and theWinchester pike, to get to Paris.Yesterday morning the water was al(most up to the-first floor of the ParisMilling Company, the old baseballgrounds in White Addition and allthe lowlands adjacent being underwater. Residents of t the lowlandportions of Ruckerville were compelled to seek higher ground andmove their household effects and personal belongings to places of safety.Following the rains a cold waveset in, which reports In the dailypapers Indicate spread over theNorthwest, Southwest and MiddleWestern States, delaying traffic andcausing great inconvenience. Themercury dropped in Chicago to nearly zero, while extreme temperatureswere reported from widely varyinglocalities.The cold wave was accompaniedby snow east of the Mississippi, innorthwestern Texas a blizzard ragedand in Nebraska and South Dakotasimilar conditions were reported. InWyoming temperatures ranged from1 to 37 degrees below zero and it was12-below at Denver.- 'Train service was seriously affected in Western Kansas and Colorado, as well as in Northern Texas,but temperatures are moderating inColorado.In the southwest Flagstaff, Arizona, reported 18 below zero; Ama-WE KNOW HW 11WINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you muttthe right kind of clothes. Our Suit and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole .that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12.00 per pair.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE1PARIS SCHOOLS HAVE RESUMETHEIR WORKThe public and private schools ofParis have resumed the even tenor oftheir ways after an enforced vacationsince October 8, due to the influenzsituation, Supt Kirkpatrick is urgingthe same efforts in keeping the children in school regularly that wrshown before the influenza ban wenton. It is expected that all pupils attending the schools will, with theconsent of their parents, be innoculated with the Mayo-serum for theprevention of influenza and pneumonia, to be administered . under thesupervision of the local Board ofHealth.Parents should Tisvo nn fuistarting their children back to schoIS;ao mo uuuuiugfi wiix ue JLept wand well-ventilated, and they wias safe there as in their own hThe teachers have been instrucreport promptly any symptonwness to the principals that thereceive attention. Children whiussuea xemporary worKing cacates for the past three monthsno longer work during school hoiand may be employed only on Satudays and after school until six o'clocand those business men who have employed children for the holidays areasked to remember this provision ofthe labor laws.As there is so little of the schoolyear left parents are asked to seethat their children attend regularly,was busy with the proceedings of theone day now. All teachers have beeninstructed to be especially careful inreporting absences promptly to theTruant Officer, who intends to seethat every child attends school until the end of the term.WATCH YOUR DOGS!"1Sheriffs are required to take upand impound any dog or dogs foundrunning at large unatt.-nded by theirowners on and alter January 1. Ifthe dog wears a license tag '&e Sheriff shall notify the owner that thedog has been impounded, and the.owner can recover the dog by thepayment of a certain: fee within acertain time. Dos laKen up and notwearing licence ta&& are t: be shot.Watch, youcjlss; urillo, Texas, 6 below; Roswell, N. M.,2 below aftd even Mexico had ffeezing weather. In the Chicagoforecastdistrict the cold was expected to'continue Friday.9"V. -i --'51 -'.IL A. .h ."SIvi1iuMPERFECT IN ORIGINALJ county... " ?V? tqr3?vm0FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1919.PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYU.uII BOURBON NEWStoaWislied 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationiHished Every Tuesday and FridayPe Year. .$2.00 $ Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.fHIFT CrTAMP, Editor and Owner.raftered at the Paris, Kentucky,Fditoffice as Mall Matter of theSdcond Clau.)Aay erroneous reflection upon thettkaracter, standing or reputation oiUMj person, firm or corporation whichpy' appear In the columns of THEBOURBON JNEWS will be gladly cor-rtctod-if.' brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlck"' .for .first time; 60 cents per inchaoa subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linei Issue; reading notices In black20 centsper.line, each,lssue.is oLhanksr calls' ' on candlbituaries -and resolutions; andatter,10 cents per line.rater for large' advertise-. lyearly contracts.-jhtsof publisher is reseived' any ", advertisement or other, .'publication. "' a'cements for political offices"nvariably be accompanied by-JIL' '. EDITORIAL MUSINGS.rWho's Who In Railroads?President WilsonJid a barrage for"government ownership of the railroads," and then beat a hasty retreat., in his last address to congress.In other words he refused to standsponser for the idea credited to hisadministration favoring ownership ofthe railroads by the Government. Itis known that his own official familyL. ail cluttered up with socialisticgo eminent ownership ideas, andsines the President .refuses leadership of the plan to take over the railroads .permanently, there is bound tobecome a show-down in Congress thatwill point out who's-who-in-rail-roads,'theGovernment o"f Uncle. Sam,or their actual owners. ,The President rmade no recommendations upon.the subject except to.sdggesKthat theroads should not be returned to theirowners with the old conditions unmodified. He names three coursesthat might be taken: One a returnto private management, unrestrictedcompetition, multiform State andFederaf regulation, complete Government ownership, or an intermediatecourse of modified private control,under a more unified and' affirmativepublic regulation. 'The President recommends thatCongress have a complete and impartial study of .thewhole railroad problem instituted at once and prosecuteds rapidly as possible. Unless Congress acts without delay, it isthought by some observers here, the"President "may take steps of returning f&e railroads to their owners asearly. as next spring. He makes itplain, that'he will not delay acting atall unless there is' definite reason fordoing 'so, and one reason given forthe yay he puts the problem up toCongress is toT spur that body qn toaction?..Jfft'pol&ons Sir KLea About Movingll Ariies. r -When "Chcle Sam : r tightened hsbelt around hima-nd' picked up histrusty? musket and jumped into themiddM of the biggest fight that ever-ifaaaown, he had done some mightyserious thinking beforehand.'"Now," he said to' himself, 'everywanTve been in before this therefcas.iMgi. a lot of trouble about food.Napoleon left one good idea for theivWt,o Vioim to fierht wars, andpBOllluua. -.b-rfwas that 'an army moves on itbstomach.' I've got to feed my armyjand navy and help feed the armiesand navies of my partners and helpfeed their people, too. And my ovsrnfolksi right .here at home have to befed. This time I'll not run the fiskof "hot having enough food or nothaving it good, enough. It's just amatter of getting together with therigbi people and getting the rightpeople together."tttwJa Sam's food administrationuadertook this problem, It knewtkatg difficulties were apt to arise,aad hi also knew that it 'takes bigmeatp overcome big difficulties.Uele Sam came though the,, warTHWL-'flyingcolor&and his food adjdSkjxationJtept the.meats and meatfotirodxtsgoinftoe army andTVltuaftchr Wot weekyryj without condition; arising-wbidti would have baffled an unorganised iprce, but the. co-operationof til packers committee, hea'ded byIte eaairan; Thomas E. Wilson,.rodent of Wilson & Company, was' a help Whidh wasT of .-tremendous,TalueTmfe meat Industry of the country,' M 4as been said often during the'war,-was the one big industry whijh4a laot "'buckle under the strain."It wis ready .for the war and itslotting; its 'lanU were all equippifor tke&Me" r&iulrements of& uantltis of provisions, ortfcegAware, spiily me feady ameliCrwim o iartftteee,ally "over -night." The packingcompanies stand almost alone as oneline of business which did not requirefinancing by the Government. Theypaid for their enlargements as theyjwent along.Mr. Wilson himself suffered an injury to his right leg in the midst orhis war work, but he stuck to hisdesk and kept things going, even denying himself the briefest of vacations. As chairman of the packers'committee working with the food administration he gave an exhibtfon ofunselfish devotion to the country andits cause which was to be expected ofhim, and which perhaps was emphasized a little bit because of the" 2,000 soldier employees of his companywho helped" put the great victoryover for Uncle Sam.Wear 'Em, Boys, Wear 'Em!Some of our returning soldiers andsailor boys appear to have the falseand altogether resretable idea that! ? VrVrv-vrc? 4-T evm Iott qcMa VlOkhaki or navy blue and don their"cits" right away or stand the accusation th5t they are "showing off "Well, that's exactly what we wantthem to do show off. They have,by their sevice, won the privilege ofshowing off and if there be those whoare inclined to make Jest of the fact,it is only because' they .are enviousbecause they have not won the privilege of doing likewise. Wear 'emboys, wear 'em the limit of time allowed by the regulations; khaki andnavy blue is honored the world overand riot to be sneezed at at home.They wear well and look well, andbesides the folks at home want to seeyou with your "flghtin togs" on,even if a few slackers don't. Wear'em dad-blamed near out if you wantto and tell -anybody that don't like itto go to thunder.oREDCROSS HELPS LOCATEPRISONERS OP WAR.Excrepts of letters from familiesof prisoners of war just received atLake Division headquarters show ad-ded proof of the aid which the RedCrss has been able to give to prisoners. Some of these letters read:1. "I received your letter, tellingme where my son was located andmust thank you a thousand .times forlooking my son up for me. The RedCross is sure doing some wonderfulwork for us mothers and our boys. Icried for joy when I received yourletters telling me how to write to myson and all the information that yousent (me. J must again thank you forwhat you have done'for me.'2. "My good wife and I can neverfully express to you the appreciationwe feel toward you for helping us tolocate and extend help to him whois dearer to us than even life itselfour only son and all- the child theGood Lord ever saw fit to give usLieut. Paul N. Montague, U. S. A.All the good news we ever had of himwas the result of your assiduous eifofts." 3. "Thanking you sincerely foryour kind efforts in locating my son,prisoner in Germany. Your kindnesshas certainly relieved my mind agreat deah' I think your Red Crosshas proved a wonderful organizationto us anxious mothers in locatingour poor boys so promptly. Wishingyou every success and I know Godwill reward you for your kindnessand hope this cruel war will soon beover."4. "Please accept my sinceregratitude for the kind letter and theInterest you have shown in regard tomy dear son's welfare. I appreciateit more than words can tell and assure you that your letter took someload from my heart. Thanking youin the name of the entire famil,etc'A LITTLE .IXOWER IN FRANCE:. There has just been issued from thepress a poemvby Miss Katherine A.Harrison, of Lexington, entitled "ALittle Flower in France," which hasreceived the highest commendationof those permitted to read it. Amongthe criticisms and expressions of admiration for it is one by Col. GeorgeW. Bain."A Little Flower of France" is notthe first production from the pen ofthe writer, Miss Katherine A. Harrlcn TTr wvitines. however, havebeen mostly confined to prose, a number of which have appeared in theLexington and Louisville paper?.Miss Harrison is probably betterknown as a business woman than asa writer, having been Deputy Collector under Samuel J. Roberts in theInternal Revenue Service and prominently identified with ElmendorfFarm during the lifetime of the owner"; Mr. J. B. Haggin., While at Elmendorf she had charge of all the advertising for the Eljmndorf stock.She also wrote a sketch entitled"Elmendorf the Farm Beautiful,"which was published by the CountryGentleman.Miss Harrison is a native of Bourbon county, but has spent most ofher life in Lexington, and it waswhile a student, at the University ofKentucky that she gave ey(dence inconnection with her class' work ofthecliterrytaleht whjch is so marked in the little poem.The' proceeds "from the sate of thispoem will be devoted by Miss Harrison to some of the organizationsthat have done and are still doingwar work.It may get so some -time that there'-will" be a vacant cornerJoi.sopporlltornd obscure nobody will wjintffor anRARE TREAT IN STORE FORLOVERSA rare treat is in store for the lovers of music on next Mondayevening, January 6, when a recital will be given on the big new organin he First Presbyterian Church. This instrumenj was built inmemory of the late Dr. Frank Fithian by the members of the "littlechurch" and the -popular subscriptionsof his friends at a cost of fivethousand dollars and is pronounced by experts to be an exceptionallyline piece of work. It contains seventeen hundred pipesall concealed in two separate rooms adjoining the main auditorium and isoperated from the choir loft in the rear of the pulpit. Electric poweris used exclusively, a wire connecting each pipe with the console.The wonderful tonal effects, combinations and scope of thisunique organ will be demonstrated by Mr. Sidney C. Durst on the abovedate.In order to defray -the expenses connected with the recital anominal admission fee of fifty cents will be charged. The following isthe program:DEDICATORY RECITAL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, PARIS, KY.By Sidney C. Durst, Fellow of the American Guild of Organists.IN MEMORIAM .Dr. Frank FithianLamentation v GuilmantIn Paradisum DuboisConcerto in B flat (Rrst Movement) CamidgeFountain Reverie . FletcherSonata Erocia (Second Movement) StanfordThis beautiful slow movement from theBritish composer's new work, fittinglytypifies the heroism of noble France,to whose people, and greatest organ composer, Widor, it is dedicated. Note thestrains of the Marseillaise towards the close,exquisitely interwoven.Toccata and Fugue in D minor BachAndante Cantabile (From String Quartette) - 1 TschaikowskyCommunion 1 UrteagaSalida (Postlude)Swing Low Sweet ChariotA fantasie on the lovely negro melody hrstimprovised on the Salt Lake City Organ."Humoresque (The Primitive Organ)Minuetta alia antico ionEcho 7 7 YonThree new works by a young Italian organistnow a resident of New York. The Minuetcontains a Musette or bagpipe imitation.ImprovisationMr. Durst will be glad to improvise on anytheme suggested.Toccata (From Fifth Organ Symphony) WidorTO AILING WOMEN.ALittle Sound Advice Will Help,Many a Sufferer in Paris.No woman should consider herselfhealthy and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons that pass off in thesecretions when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when; thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become infamedand swollen, worse troubles' 'mayquickly follow. , This is ' often thecause of beating-down pains, lameness, backache, etc. Uric poisoningis also frequent cause of hea'daches,dizzy spells, langour, nervousness andrheumatic paleWhen suffering so, try Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris-woman tell of lier expertence Mrs. A. L. Burley; 329 Eighth St.,says. "I have used' Ddan's KidneyPills, getting them "from .the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly thinkvthey areagood, reliable remedy;i Whenevermy kidneys haveacte'd irregularly '6rmy DacK nas oeen weaK ana iaxne, xhave used a boxoV'so ofrDoan's Kidney Pills. They' havfeT always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c; at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same- thatMrs: Burley had. Foster-MLburnCo:, Mfrs., Buffalo, N". Y. '(adv)oCONCERTED PEIOE-IIXING TO BESTOPPED.WASHINGTON, December 31.Concerted price fixing by any authority after the. Government ceases toexercise price control, January 1, willbe regarded -by the Department ofJustice as in restraint of free competition.it was stated Monday. The explanation was made officially inanswer to queries as to what happensto war-time nrice-fixinc: when theWar Industries board ceases to function at midnight Dec. 31.The attitude of the 'Department ofJustice as outlined by Attorney General Gregory is that the anti-trustlaws, still elective, rwill be enforcedvigorously by the department. Theyhave been in full effect throughoutthe war, but the department has notregarded the. action of industry inmaintaining prices fixed by the Government as contrary to'law, In making this explanation, the AttorneyGeneraldid not refer to any industryor specific situation in explaining thatno Violation of anti-trust laws wouldbe permitted.. cTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold andwas-rcearly down sickin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," 'writes O. J.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who lias used it.Obtainable everywhere. ," " .' (jan-adv)o , , tAnother reason why we have always doubted if a woman really love'shorses is.because she can?ttke thchron her lap and cuddle them.MUSICUrteagaUiton" YonWORK OF LdVE 0R 1TRENCHWAR ORPHANS.la reporting the splendid workwork done by the Red Cross and Surgical Dressings Department for thesoldiers, sailors, refugees and convalescents no- previous v -mention, hasbeen" made of the large amount, ofwork dpne for the French babies byBourbon ' County, women.Mrs. Thos." Henry Clay, Sr., wasthe'first one in Paris to take up thiswork, of love and benevolence, andshe succeeded in interesting a 'number of friends in making a large.quantity of new clothing for the un.fortunate .little ones of France, andin contributing shoes, stockings,blankets, pillows, quilts and otheruseful things; enough to fill sevenlarge boxes, andshe is now workingon the 'eighth box;The firat 'two 'boxes containedcomplete layettes for infants, including air kinds' of articles needed forthem., 4Cjne box contained .277 miscellaneous' articles, and .another, box. wasfilletf'with twelve' ' large packagesieach 'package containing' thirty-fivegitijuittuto, ecu., ui a. vuwi ui i6u ai-ticles:'- 'The" last three boxes were filledwith useful things for children twoand three, years of age. , .Pillows, quiftsblankets, shoes andstockings were included , in thesegifts for the children, and in eachlarge package and layette was aneedle-book for the child's mother,,containing useful sewing articles.Mrs-. Clay and her helpers are stillengaged in this labor of love, andwill gratefully accept any donationsof -new materials to be made intogarments or quilts; also shoes, stockings-and other useful things.Aonther group of women havebeen engaged in work of this kind,and have sent' to France three largeboxes of baby clothes, quilts, blankets, seven dozen pairs of shoes, andnumerous other articles.The 'last box sent by this groupcontained 550 garments, etc., andthe other "boxes were equally wellfilled.In addition to this, these Christianwomen solicited $68.50 in 137Christmas stockings for the Frenchchildren, each stocking being madeto hold fifty cents, There was someadditional money, also.Thirty warm quilts have beencompleted and sent' to France bythese women, the first one being l1yards'" long by 1 yards wide, andthe last ones 2 yards long by 2yard? wide.Such work as this deserves honorable mention, and we wish it werepossible to publish the name of eachwoman having apart in' it." 'WOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise crerlikely to be troubled witn constipation and' indigestion and will findChaffnberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk everyxday, but very muchbetter than to", allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and'pleasant to' takeand. most agreeable- ineffect. Ob-talnable everywhere(jan-ady)"KENTUCKY'S-pRIDEmIS REALLYKENTUCKY'S -PRIDE. ""Kentucky's Pride" is- a WhiteWyandotte hen that has laid 231eggs since last December 18. Shewas among a bunch of pullets soldI at public auction in Trigg county ayear ago last fall. A poultry expert from the Experiment Stationwas at the sale, and noticing what afine layer this pullet promised to behe bought her for the ExperimentStation for $2.00. The expertmnoticed that she had all the marks ofa great layer, while many of thefarmers at the sale failed to see anydifference between her and the others sold that day. .The pullet was hrought to the Ex-.periment Station fann. and used in ahousing experipnent that is underway there to determine the best typeofpoultry house for the Kentuckyfarm. She was placed in a slattedside, open, balloon shaped house thatis unfortunately not found on manyfarms She was put in that housealong with a lot of other good prospects and has shown that the' type offowl really has more to do with egglaying than has other points. Shewas bred in egg-baying blood linesand looked like, a real layer, so itwas anticipated that she would laydespite the house in which she waskept, and she did. She has laid inshort cycles of a few eggs in aclutch, but has never missed morethan, one or two days at a time, andhas not moulted.''Kentucky's Pride," as she is nowknown to a wide circle of poultrymen who have watched her performance during the past year, will &eexhibited at the poultry meeting atthe University of Kentucky duringFarjmers' "Week, January 28 to 31.The method of feeding poultry foregg production, the way to tell alayer rfrom a non-layer, the besttypes of poultry houses, will all beexplained to visitors to the Univer-sity at that time.B-4 FIREInsure with 'rW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBRISTOL, VA., VISITED BY $1,500,-000 EIRE.Five Targe business houses, including-the Dominion National Bank, mBristol', Va., were destroyed by nrerwhich for a time threatened destruction of a large portion of the businesstdistrict. The flames were checkedonly "af ter the arrival of fire companies-from Kingsport, Tenn., in response to a call from the Mayor ofBristol. The loss was estimated at1,S0 6, 00t);The fire started in the five-storystructure on State street occupied bythe Mitchell-Powers Hardware Company. So far as was reported, therewas no loss of life.The destruction of the plant of theBristol Gas and Electric Companythrewf the city into darkness andthen the firemen were further handicapped by the exhaustion of thecity's water supply.oFSrer Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanUnobtrusively amid the bombs and'poison gas and machine guns of ordinary table conversation stalks againthe familiar shades of the "bat aud1balT.Milk For SaleSweet .milk for sale in small quantities half-pints pints and quarts.(30-2t) HARRIS- & DALE:IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier-.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgriculatural Pank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, wirf meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President. ;BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashitr.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Fannerand Traders' Bank, of ., Paris, Kentucky, will jneet, at their bankiDSfhouse on Monday, January 6, 1919Jbetween the hours of 9 a. pa. andp. m o elect directors for the ensuing ' year.' FRANK P.-jaSERt-Pros13611'W. . W. MITCHELL,. Cashier. JOtd)LostSomewhere on the streets of Parisrar. Tnps-h ira Finder returnto this office und receive reward.FOUNDOh Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by call-at Wilmoth & t- s grocery,provingnronertv. and payingcharges.(20-tf)Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.G. Daugherty, Etc PlaintiffsVs. NOTICE 'OP SALE.c.George White Fithian, Etc.,-- DefendaatsUnder and by- virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November terpn, 1918, of theBourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, Jan. 4, 1919at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic auction to the highest andbest bidder, the' following describedproperty:That certain lot of ground withthe buildings thereon, situated inParis, Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the north side of East FifthStreet, and bounded and describedas follows, viz: Beginning at apoint in the -north line of. saidEast Fifth Street,, midway betweenMain and Pleasant Streets and corner to the property owned by theestate of C. A. Daugherty; thenceat right angles to East FifthStreet in a northerly directionwith the lines of the property ofC. A. Daugherty estate, Mitchell& Blakemore and the Singer estate, eighty-seven (37) feet moreor less to the line of the propertyowned by the Ingels heirs and occupied by a stabfe; thence alongthe line of said property in aneasterly direction forty-three (43)feet, more orless; thence parallelwith the first line above, eightyseven (87) feet, more or less, in asoutherly direction to East Fifth. Street; then with the margin ofEast Fifth Street, in a westerlydirection forty-three (43) feet,more or less, to the point of beginning, and being the-same propeityoccupied by Drs. Fithian & Daugh-rerty, now by Dr. Daugherty, a3 anoffice.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, forequal parts of the purchase money, Nthe purchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase priceeach, due six months and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, and bearing interestat the rate of six per cent, perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds to have the force and effect of judgments, with a lien retained upon the property to securethe payment th-eof.fa. T. HINTON, M. C. B. C. C.Tal'bott & Whitley, Attorneys.(20--27-3),' VMaster's SaleBOURBOVN CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. Pearl Dteaver PlaintiffYs. NOTttCE OF SALEj -Mary ElizabetlDeaver, Etc.J DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order oif sale rendered at.the November, lyl8, term of theBourbon Circuit court in the above:styled action therein pending, theundersigned Masteir Commissioner on,Saturday, Jan. 4,1919at the front door of tihe Court House,in Paris, Kentucky,! at about thehour of 11 o'clock a.m., will sell atpublic auction to the highest andbest bidderv the follo(wing describedproperty: .Beginning at J, I (see plat), astone in Sidney CBay's line S.80 5-8 W. 561 chains,! K.,a stone vcorner to No. 2; thence with the ,..line of No. 2 S. 21 B. 21.93 'chains to D., the mijddle of theParis and Jackstowri turnpike;thence with the middla thereof N.44J& E. 15.27 chains I to N., acomer to No. 4; thence with lineof No. 4 N. 21 W. 17i57 chainsto the beginning, containf.ng 30 lbacres as aforesaid, being a portionof the land owned at the Uime ofhis death by the late John H.Beaver.Said sale will be made upwi thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute - 'their V twobonds with good surety s forequal parts of tha purchase mohey,each, to be approved by the MasterI Commissioner, due six and twelveuiontns, from date of sale until pd.nd bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent, per annum from dato ofsale until paidt and having the fotceand effect of judgments.Said. salmis made for the purposeof reinvestment.. O. T. HINTON, J"Master Commissirniftr B. C. C., (dec20-27-jan3)ffVttc-:iyTlCat' J Wv ' r He'M It"". hVv If'J' x-r-Zi.J.VC-4uFRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1919.THE BOTOBOff HEWS, PAttIS,XEHTUCUMl1 .(111Ittl.lii4 tIiiraw4 'VifMf1StLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY J"' SOLDIERS AND SAILORSmjgifcafctMfctmEajjejisjiti" ""L ' ii '' .The following letter froni Private great rejoicing When we moved outl"1i 1 Vti-iw rSOCIAL AND, PERSONAL,Comings' and .Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Shirlev Dalzell. of near Paris, writtenfrom France, was received recentlyby his father, Mr. Clifton H. Dalzell:- "Bordeaux, France, ."Sunday, Nov. 24, 1918."Dear Dad As you know by now,by a special effort of the 'Stars andStripes,' he little paper published bythe A. E. F., this, 24th of November has been set apart as Dad'sChristmas Letter Day. I am veryglad upon this special occasion towrite you a separate letter, which Ihope be something like what theycall 'Dad's Christmas Victory Letter.'"I am asked to say that it's allover now and that we licked 'em, soguess that will be first. And thoughI gave up all at home and came togive my life if needs be for the greatcause, it has been my good fortune tobe numbered among the survivors.Have had trials and temptationsgalore, but have made an effort tobe a man in the face of it all. andhave tried to conduct myself insuch a way at all times that wouldbe a credit to my organization andbring honor upon my uniform andthe country of which I am a representative upon foreign, soil. Wouldlike to write a long letter telling youall about my experiences, but haven'tthe tipne, so will wait until I comehome, if it is my lot to come."Please say for me to the fatherswho lost their sons in the service,that the heroism and shed blood ofour gallant dead have brought honorupon our country, a new and betternation born of sacrifice, and thattheir names shall be written uponthe most glorious pages of Americanhistory. They should always beproud of the fact that their sonswent to make the supreme sacrifice,that of giving their lives that othersaccomplished now, and in the newmight live in peace; for that we havebrotherhood of nations we will havepeace everlasting. What jmore noblething could one do than that? Orthat they should be thankful, andproud of their sons even though theyshall never return to them; and theyshall all meet again in the 'house notmade with hands,' where all is peaceand love."Yesterday I got a letter from youdated June 29 and addressed to CampMerritt. Also got one from War RiskInsurance Bureau that had been inthe mail since September 11. That'sthe first I have ever heard from youor them about the insurance, ineone from the War Risk Insurance bureau contained affidavit that had tobe filled out and sworn to before notary public, so I had to go before- a' court officer to-day. Got it fixed upall right and mailed it to-night, sothey should get it soon. Got a letterfrom Fan to-day dated November 2.It made better time than. any I'vehad yet. '"It's ten minutes to seven. T msupposed to be at a lecture at seven,so must close this time'. Will writevou again soon."Lovingly, your son,"SHIRLEY,"Private Frank S. Dalzell, 11542S8,174 Aero Squadron, A. P. O. 905,-American E. ' F., Bordeaux,France."Private John Bedford It-ed, v former Bourbon county boy, witmgfrom France to his gram1 parents,Mr. and Mfa. John Bedford, of nearParis, tellinf Tiow he- passed th oughBelgium right on the heels of the retreating Germans. Reed stated- thatwhen his letter -was wriUen, he waswell on his way toward the RiverRhine. Reed v is r a member of the15th Field Artillery, American Armynf nomination. The letter, in part,"I was on the.lronton th day thewar ended (at least we figured thatit had ended),, and had t been, on thefront for several. .weeks, previous tothat event. . . .The firing continueduntil the eleventh hour an Monday.November 11, but at one minute after eleven all was quiet on our sec-o:r,.n -hm it has been a grandn-nrt e-lorious war On the night of mthe 11th. great bonfires were builtonboth sides of the lines and there wasof our positions we passed out intothe broad daylight along the mainroad, bold and unafraid To-dayfinds me in a little village in Luxembourg, neai the German border.We passed through Belgium lastweek on the heels or the Germanarpny. Most any day we expect topass into Germany and to the Rhine,where we will remain as part of theAmerican Army of Occupation Itrust this will pass the c.msor allright Well, dear folks, I willhave to close for this time, and willtry to write to you 't rom Germany.When you wiite to me again use thesame address and it will reach me allright."Lovingly Youis,"JOHN."oANAECHISTS IHEOW BOMBS INPHILADLL?EIA HOMESPHILADELPHIA, December 31.This city has passed through a nightof apprehension comparable to nothing so much as a night in an Englishcity threatened by Zeppelins. Allnight long "the residences of SenatorPenrose, Mayor Smith and otherprominent citizens, judges and officials and the Federal and city buiid-ing were under guard against bombers. This action followed a series ofbomb explosions, all taking placewithin a half hour in different partsof the city, that wrecked three homesand led to the greatest activity onthe part of Federal, State and cityauthorities in the effort to ferret outthe persons implicated in the outrages. Revenge against the judicial andpolice authorities for enforcing thelaw against sedition and the displayof the red flag of anarchy in thised the motive.The homes wrecked were thoso ofJustice Robert Von Moschzisker ofthe State Supreme Court; acting Sucity, the police officials said, fumish-Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, i Mr. Louis MaigoienThe occupants of the houses werehurled from their beds and scoresof windows in nearby houses wereshattered, but no one was seriouslyinjured. One man was arrested.One theory is that one party ofmen, using an automobile, had committed all three outrages. Fromfragments of iron and steel gatheredup after the explosions, Superintendent Mills hopes to be able to ascertain ttie type of bomb used- by themiscreants. Pieces of steel, believedto be from the inside of the bomb,were found near "his home. He believes a shrapnel bomb of the sametype was used in all the explosions.The man taken into custody gavehis name as John Lafferty. The police say he was seen to pick up manyof the anarchistic pamphlets foundscattered on the street in front of thebojmbed houses.oGLORY FOR ALL.UUITED. -. & -COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS HAVE BIG DOINGS.1919Wilmoth & Co.Extend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW YEAR'S(Leslie's Weekly.)We find reason for congratulationthat we have no envious regard ofothers with respect to the achievement that has oeen won and the complete victory which has been grantedto us in the most blessed of all hoursof history; whether we look to theunquenchable ardor and dauntlessspirit of the men of France, orwhether we regard thedogged determination, pertinacity, and stubbornJ heroism of the men of Great Britainfor the snlendid" Skill and intrepidityof the men of laly, or tlie dasti and!. S. 1j l".,nrJX nf( niif fxvn mpnenergy ami wuiu6c -," "" .pfr;or 'America1 who came in almost atthe very las hour "and made success Ipossible ana sure we uuu tiiu ".spirit, the sanW animating 'purpose,the same lofty conception of dutythe same self-sacrifice, the same for7hhi'iIp W dire disaster. We find hu-man nature at Its very best enlistedin the cause of liberty in all tbarmies, and once more vindicatingman, made in the image of God, anddefending man's greatest inheritance'the right to live a free ,and noblelife. 'THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTMrs. Jas. Markland, of this city,is 'a guest of friends and relatives' inCarlisle.Miss Elizabeth Parks has asI guest Miss Ema Louise Patterson, ofjuexington,Mr. and 'Mrs. J. T. Woodall andchildren have gone to Texas for avisit to relatives.--Mrs. Mabel Snapp James has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Hc::y . Groschehave returned from an cxt-inded visitto relatives m Cleveland. Ohio.Dr. D. G. Judy has returned toLexington, after a visit to Mr. W. H.H. Johnson and family, on Secondstreet.Mr. and Mrs. D. M Baxter,guests of Mr. and Mrs. J J. McCarthy, have returned to their home inLexington. NMr. and Mrs. Joo JameK ofParrish avenue, have ao guests' MissesMargaret, Clara and ItOth Highland,of Covington.Mrs. John F. Clark his ret rnedto her .home in Lexington after avisit to her father, Mr. W. TJ. H.Johnson, on Second street1 Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Tinkston,guests for the holidays of Mr. andMrs. S. E. McClanahan, have returned to their home in Co.in?ton.Miss Itna Doyis of Clay'sCross Rqads, has returned to herhome after a pleasant vi-it to MissEthel Day, near Pain daring theholidays. &Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Terrelland Miss SenaN Rion aitended a"watch party" given in Yicnhester,Tuesday niglu, by Mr! -nd Mrs. Jes?eSpencer.Mr. Charles Wilmoth has leturned to business duties in theTexas oil field after spending :heChristmas holidays in this city withhis family.Dr. J. H. Comer, -h has beenseriously ill for some ime, has entirely recovered, and is buck in hisoffice in the First national Bank, toresume his piactice.Prof, and Mrs. J. T. HuzeJrigghave returned to Shfttbv.ille, afterspending the holidays in '.'aris withthe latter's mother, Mr-. C A.the ' Daugherty, and family.wJl leaveseme time next week for Easton, Saskatchewan'. Canada, to resume hisposition on the big wheat and flaxranche of E. F. Spears & Son.Miss Mary France - Fisher hasreturned to her home in Oailisie after a visit to her aun Mrs. MaymeRemington Parribh, on Houston avenue.Mrs. James T. Ware and son,James Ware, Jr., have arrived fromRapidan, Virginia, for a visit to Mrs.Alice Ware and Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr.. Mrs. Carrie F. Stone has returned from Louisville, where she wascalled to the bedside of her daughter,Mrs. Lee Starke, 'who 'was injured recently by a fall. Mrs. Starke is improving.Mr. and Mrs. Holtman wooahave returned to their home in Mt.Sterling, after spending the Christmas holidays in Paris with Mr. H. C."Whaley and family, on uypressstreet.Mr. Jese Letton and. s:n J. D.Letton, have arrived from LeonSprings, Florida, and wil residepermanently at the old Lot ton homeon the Jacksto'wn pike, near Paris.Mrs. JLetton and daughters will remain in Flo-ida until the- vinter isover when they will come "9 Paristo join Mr. Letton.Among the many, gy parties-that "watched" the 'Old Year outU-I1U LUC 1XC1 acci, " - "Hvah at. the Phoenix JIotl. in Lexington, Tuesday night by Mi. Johnriener, of Paris, tot seven guests.Those present were Mr: an! Mrs. DonForman,'Mr Wm. I. Goolman.Mre.R. I,. Thomas, J. W. fevjuders; MissCaroline Roseberiy, ,ad AT,r, unari7ton Clay, of Paris. -j (Other Personals, on, Page 5)yBlue Grass Council No. 89, U. C.T., put over another big day in Lexington, Saturday, when they hadtheir annual round up for 1918.Starting the day at 10:30 from theircouncil chamber in Masonic Temple,,on North Broadway, headed, by theU. C. T. drum corps they visited various wholesale interests of the city,finishing the parade at 12 o'clock.At 12:30 a delfghtful luncheon wasserved by the ladies of the BroadwayChristian church in the dining hallof the Masonic order. Several fourminute talks were made by men representing the different business interests. At 2:30 Frank P. Dobbins, SeniorCounselor, called the meeting to order for secret session and ten applications were passed upon and accepted after which six candidates whowere present were initiated into themysteries of the great commercialarmy, United Commercial Travelers.Among the number was Mr. Lyttleton B. Purnell, of Paris, representingthe Paris Milling Company as "traveling man." 'At 8 o'clock in the evening a social session was held in the Masoniclodge room, where the members, theirfriends and ladies spent a very anjoyable evening. Prizes for themembers and also for the ladies weredistributed. These prizes were donated by the various business concerns of the city. Dancing and music was the, entertainment for theevening.In the notes of the meeting, theLexington Leader of Sunday had thefollowing regarding Paris representatives:"Noah Rose, who represents the E.F. Spears & Sons Milling Company,of Paris, is out again and is beingcongratulated by the boys over Mrs.Rose's recovery. His many friendsamong the boys were certainly gladto see him Saturday at the big meeting. "J. E. Soper, with Power GroceryCompany, at Paris, who lives in thiscity, was present and promises an application for the big March meetingin the way of a son who is followinghis dad's footsteps in the road life.''.-vs.- -..miitiniiiiiniiiiminniminmMMMMitPititititit1The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 3SISlKtit - . , 56or Home 286Motor equipment.V.ItAmbulance calls promptly attended to with our JHearse used for funeral purposes only. .!' l-I"I"M'''Hi'I"I"I-l"'I"I"W''K'H'I"I"'H'itt fllNEW NIGHT MESSAGE RATES.GREETINGSA cofclial invitationis extended to the;general public ffor' a.share'df t& businessdurihgl919.WILMOTHLGrocery Go,;Phone 370 1;'The biggest and the merriestChristmas ought to presage the happiest and most prosperous. .New xear.With the lifting of the influenza banand the end of 'the world war, prospects are exceedingly bright for ayear' in Paris "and "Bourbon countymarked by progress and prosperity.Seems a pity that the beautiful.flags on the court house and otherpublic buildings in. Paris could not(have had -a -ntue muA v.Through exposure to the weatherthey have become tattered and torn.A- nStrfctac? emblems they shouldTiave received tetter care. V-Last winter about this time it wasa problem with the" people Qf Paris,aswell as those in the. county, as towhere or how her were to propurecoal "What little .was held by dealers '"was sold at .8 high price anddistributed among the needy in verysmall lots. Now, tuei is puv;iiplentiful, but the cost is still higb.JVTIME LOST rBY '.SCHOOLS PKESENTX.lEB.OBLEM. During tbe 'mid-winter meeting ofihe County School Superintendents ofthe Kentucky Educational Association, the principal topic for discussion will be tp determine some planto ,make up the ' time ' lost in theschools on account of' he influenzaepidemic, and the war. t The teachershave not, lost, time, as their salarieswent on just ihe same, but the timethat has been, lost by the children,and the proposition confronting theteachers is how to mate up tnis nine.State Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert said? that the problem is the most serious that 'has confronted the teachers in years, 'and ,hecannot see any other, remed'y'ftian toextend the terms". into" the summer.He will invite many educators to attend tne conference to Kelp solve theproblem.oa badge;of honor.Robert S. Porter, locaL correspond-ent of'therLouisvHle Courier-Journal, Ifound "in "his mail yesterday a Oiand-1some New Year's gift in tbe snape,oia'sdiid gold "service pin" from theC.-J.' TiTft tun bore on its face in bluerZzinA 5itp'rs jHte words. "The,Louisville Courier-Journal,", "ForT?!-wnr-vnarfl "Faithful Service." Actcompanyihg the pin was a personalletter from Judge Robert W. Bingham, who some time ago purchasedthe C6urier-Journal and LouisvilleTimes, commending Mr. Porter's excellent' work. ' --fpaiir nf armv decorations!, bod-dot. -wparri. the Courier-Journal'pin, 'tfieKed Cross, pm iana,a masonic pinwnicn Jie aesuwraw..Postmaster General Burleson hasannounced a scale of greatly reducedrates lor short over-night messages,as distinguished from the 16ngernight Tetters. The new rr.tos gD intoeffect on - January 1, and shouldprove to be of great value in conjunction with short communicationby the railway mail service, butwhich are not of sufficient" urgencyor importance to warrant the payment of the minimum charges heretofore in effect for telegraphic trans-miceinTiUnder the new schedule .shortover-night messages may be sent aconsiderable distance for as low as20c, whie the maximum rate is only50c as against a dollar maximum,wrhich has prevailed. ManagerThos. Parker, of the local WesternUnion office, advises that this newnight message service does. not interfere in any way with the popularnights letter service, but is intendedto supplement itfii conjunction withshorter communications whici havebeen going by mail, but which should,desirably go by telegraph. -Now that the telegraphs are operated as an integral part of the postoffice service it is understood to bethe policy of Postmaster GeneralBurleson to give the public an opportunity to make the widest use of thetelegraph service in, the. eliminationof delays to communications due toseparation by. distance, at the lowestrates which the actual cost of performing the service on a standardizedbasis, will permit.x-: : Q r- 'Out West when Poor Lohas influenza -he takes vapor baths and jumpsinto, coldr mountain streams, as a result Poor Lo never has the "flu"again! .It is TimeTo Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely ori gas.have a full line of the celebrated,WeAWilson 'Odorless Heatersto selecOrom, Start early.LOWRY& MAYIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 293Corner, Fifth and Pleasant StrttsbPa$, Ky.1I11Remember the good old days.wheneverybody kept "open house" andpaid "New Year's calls?' .Themwuz'the, days! Nothing like themnow: Somehow the old days seemedj. 't.u n n tuvat'itJiincrs in life.Weold-Bmers like to think so,'any!ixlg -an the decorations of merit anyNew IhternationAlDICTIONARIEStare in use by busi-.ness men, enExneersbankcrs,Judges,, ' architects; physicians, :fanners, teacners, norarians, ciergymait Sy successftil men and'iaomen thtuforld oxier.iAre.tiiuEqniopedloWia?;: yhgNew intentional providet hemeanapiSuccesJCtwaiialK-If you ereefc efficiency and af-'vancerhedt why ndfniakedaily-1 use of this vast fundi of Inform-'ation? k o z j. OT.i :- ,4C,WK)VocabuIarY-Terma27MPa4;. J&Wri!lii8trsition. Colore' "Plates.: .OOTGdgrapIiifad Subjects.- 12,00t; Biographical Entries. P-i , , ,rSnl 4kBK$WfiS.??l8oSitfJXrlteforapeC'. 5T in ill VSe BHBBs- rr 1 hWiMs5myou jhis -lmen pagesillustrbticMs,tc. Free,Tasfi of 'Pocket'Maps if youname- tins,Tiaber. J 'r'i 'MERRIAM4 O.J''4l!,7W!!'J''8etnnuniiin11' '-ataJkaaaaata-kHaaaaa.BBVLJi&aiBBBBBaaBLaaaBajHMftMKi.aHBIaalBtf'tr ... ' -" "I IttS WJA a9r v ar-VM' aw Ij. hk " m e 'i 'w.dii h . m Hr-7- tT wM ta B wia ?aia aw IawEi X' iTKS??11 I SucK- a service means y wVf WEBSTERS .,.1,1 "Most Miles p( rDollar," . jJk -C . fis "WGll ns most nrimi 4 i m i -1.I comfort per mile. You jE$&&qmwr -'': l I will find us efficient, cour- Ar lsR'C fnAii c o-ril olrTTfutP 4-k-iHw Sr V1 k:SHL Ruggies Motor Co. . BJff I mamV J Cumb. Phone 602 gSKKal I mSil ': c.v A --Js&t riJr7 aaaaaaBHBiliKXBaC , xJ i- ij?i i. r ' ' . ' ' H'. . r .i-(nec273tF).Send That Next Job of Printing to Th(Bourbon News. Best Workr RFHt Prices,V$I,V1.1iiiS . w rT,- ,pnan needs to be proud of.I wayRfsi un'aiXafWM i0"-V "'tPAGE SOTOTHE BOUBBOH. HEWS, ABIS, KMTUCKT 'FRIDAY JANUARY. 3, 1919.'"W' ;vt'joA BADGE OF HONOR.Robert S. Porter, local correspondnt of "the Iiouisville Courier-Journal,found'in his mail yesterday a handsome New' Year's gift in the shape :ofa solid gold "service pin" from theC.-J.The pin bore on its face in blueenameled letters' the words, "TheLouisville Courier-Journal, 5 Years."Accompanying pin was a personalletter from;. Judge Robert W. Bingham, who pome time ago purchasedthe Courier-Journal and LouisvilleTimes, commending Mr. Porter's excellent work. 'Talk, of army decorations! BobPorter wears the Courier-Journalpin, the Red Cross pin and a Masonic pin, which he describes as being "alii the decorations of merit anyman needs to be proud of."oSALE POSTPONED TO JANUARY4, 1919.Owing to rainy weather the sale ofthe George Howard property on Duncan avenue was postponed until Saturday, January 4, 1919, at 2 o'clock,T. n. . (31-2t)STATEMENT OP T HE CONDITION OFFarmers & Traders Bank.' OF PARIS, KENTUCKY ' ,At the Close of Business December 31, 1918.Began Business January 3, 1916RESOURCESLoans and Discounts $297,025.57U. S. Bonds and W. S.Stamps 24,063.81TJ. S. Certificates 12,000.00Overdrafts 2,894.35Furniture and Fixtures. 500.00Cash and Cash Items . . 16,755.79Due from Banks 27,436.62$380,676.14v: '"s Gross Earnings for Past Six Months $8,122.62c-'Undivided Profits Dec. 30, 1918 1,598.05X. '., . - - $9,720.67( r Distributed as follows:Expense Account $3,037.60' ' Surplus 4,000.00Undivided Profits 583.07Furniture and Fixtures . 500.00Tax Reserve 800.00Interest Reserve 800.00itCOMPARISONDecember 30, 1916December, 31, 1917December 31, 1918AI, W. W. Miechell, Cashier of the Farmers and Traders Bank ofParis, Ky.,$do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the bestof my knowledge and belief... W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of December, 1918.I C. K. THOMAS,' 4 Notary Publ ic, Bourbon County, Ky.My Commission expires January 16, 1922.v - STATEMENT OF THE CONDITION OFBourbon-Agricultural Bank and TrustCompanyParis, KentuckyAt the Close of Business December 31, 1918WJritRESOURCESLoans andTfBills .. ..$ 947,254.84TJ. S. Bonds and WarStampgU 57,174.50Real Estate; .. C ..v. 15,000.00Furniture- "and Fixtures 500.00Overdraft, 5,543.60Cash.. iU .- 29,176.90Due from-Banks .. . .., 149.865.69$1,204,515.53OFFEECRS John T. Collins, President; J. T. Hinton, Vice President;Buckner Woodford, Cashier, Thos. W. Allen,' Assistant Cashier.DIRECTORS J. T. Hinton, W. W. Hall Xno. Marston, Thos. H. Clay,Jr., N. Kriener, J. M. Caldwell, Jno. T Collins, W. H. McMillan.A;Snaxe of Your Business is Respectfully Solicited.136TH SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Company f. Organized in 1851.::AT THE CLOSE Op BUSINESS DEC. 31, 1&18. ,After Paying legular 5 Per Cent. Semi-Annual Dividend, an Extra Divi$ dead of 2 Per Cent Was Also. DeclaredRESOURCESCash... .i $ 51,331.22Due from'iBanks . . . . 118,541.38Jtaal Jfetaj ' 12,000.00Furmiture'Jykd Fixtures 1.00QwekecfciJ 2,912.51,Boa4camd:ecurities .v 24,933.66XoJi ai-;llls 1,026,403.17Qtfcf AU 532.58PftlfMLtey Bank on4th Lihr):y Loan . . 218,000.00IX.454.655.52ft'VtrWirmATyArrrrrrci- crniRrnvvvim nvi rvrvn?dfcrfvwraftni,iin oxxLXXiiaXiXlX UX JuJUTVOlXsi-.m.V ,'jiy 25, 1914, &ter mergerJMae.30, 1915. uae;30, 1917' i..a.Jjtae 29, 1918 ....December 31, 1918 .jffik9 tt.Lrt?AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.Edward Leuwee's excellentor-ceilerit orchestra continues to be thebig drawing card at The Alamo andThe Paris Grand, and, in connectionwith a remarkably good run of firstrelease motion pictures, these prettymovie houses are the Mecca of .hundreds of delighted patrons these daysand nights. The houses have beenput in the very best sanitary shapeand there is every reason to believethat they will be maintained thatway. The prograpi k for Friday, Saturday and Monday is as follows:To-day, Friday, January 3 r-Doro-thyDalton, in "Green Eyes," a" Thos.H. Ince production; Ruth Roland, inthe tenth episode of "Hands Up."Saturday, January, 4 Mabel Normandy in "Back' ,to The Woods," aGojdwyn picture; Smiling Bill Parsons, in "Matching Bills."Mpnday, January 6 Billie Burke,in "The Pursuit of Polly;' Roscoe"Fatty" Arbuckle, in "Good Night,Nurse."LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 60,000.00Surplus 12,000.00Undivided Profis. . .'. .. 583.07Interest Reserve 228.65Tax Reserve 1,003.26Bills Payable 10,000.00Individual Deposits . . .. 296,861.16Due to Banks .00$380,676.14$9,720.67 $9,720.67OF DEPOSITS. . ... $145,463.18'.'.$198,486.74$296,861.16'i i" LIABILITIESCapital Stock ?SurplusUndivided Profits - . . .Reserve For Taxes' . ..!.' .Bills PayableIndividual Deposits . .Due to Banks200,000.00125,000.0018,320.265,379.8425,000.00830,815.43.00$l,2d4,515.53'LIABILITIES iCapital Stock $ 150,000.00Surplus 100,000.00Undivided Profits . . . . 2,000.00Tax Reserve.. v f. . . . 629.05Due Banks.. S 804'.8iIndividual Deposits. . . 1,024,82L66Payment by Subscriberson 4th Liberty Loan. . 176,400.00-?i;454,65552:',Jt?'i . ;48.492.21rn... 604,815.11r. 845,584.91.. 880,154.85".,. J ,-i 'KDEDICATION OF NEW PRESBYTE -RIAN CHURCH.(Continued from Page 1)learned pninister, a man of strongcharacter, who left his impress notonly upon those of his immediate dayand time, but upon this communityeven to this day. His pastorate wasterminated by his death on the 28thday of July, 1828. During his ministry the eldership" oi' his church,which has ever been a most potentfactor in the work of the 'Presbyterian organization, was composed ofearnest, pious and zealous men, wholabored in connection with their pastor in a most efficient manner.During his administration thechurch was divided into districts,and one Elder was assigned to eachdistrict. It was the duty of this Elder to visit ;the members of the congregation in his district and to oversee the conduct of the members, andto see to it that the slaves and thechildren of the family received ralfgious instruction. It is shown, bythe records that it was made theduty of these Elders to consult withand to advise and warn any whofailed to discharge their Christianduties or to conform to the rules andregulations of the church, and ifsuch counsels and such warningswere not heeded, it was their duty tosee that such persons were brought,upon proper charges, before the 'Session of the church for trial.One of the most active Elders, andone who, so far as I am able to ascertain from the records, was probably one afmong the first Elders inducted into office upon the organization of the church in 1787, or shortlythereafter, was one Joseph Mitchellwho filled this office with great zealand ability for a period of more thanfifty years. And it is shown by theserecords that some of his family ortheir descendants have been membersof this church from his time untilnow. And they are numerously represented in the present membership.Among these descendants is one ofthe present most efficient ruling Elders, Mr. Charles B. Mitchell, a greatgrandson. It is interesting to note that during the early years of the history ofthis church the discipline of thechurch was strictly enforced. It wasduring Mr. McFarland's administration that -one member was tried bythe Session upon the charge that hehad been guilty of unnecessary travelupon the Lord's Day. It appearedfrom the facts that he had some" important engagement in a neighboringtown some miles away, early on Monday morning, and in order to be ableto reach this . point as early as hedesired on Monday, he traveled a portion of the distance on Sunday afternoon preceding, and he was convictedupon the charge.Again, it is recorded that one member was tried for collecting usuryupon a debt. Numerous trials were,had of persons upon the. charge offailing to attend public .worship inthe church for a period of twelvejmonths, without lawful excuse. Andthis seems to have been one of therules and requirements of thechurch.It is also interesting to note thatfrom the earliest organization of thechurch and, as I am advised, evenuntil as late as .thfe breaking out ofthe Civil War, it had been the customof the church to receive into its membership .colored slaves who made asuitable and proper profession cftheir faith, and a provision and, platewas arranged for them in the churcnbuilding in which the white mastersworshipped; and it was made theduty of the masters of these slaveswho were members of the church tohave the infant children of these colored slaves baptised- and these, alongwith all other infants, were baptizedinto the church and are referred to In.the church as baptized members.Shortly afteV the occurrence of thegreat revival at Cane Ridge, notedfor the wonderful physical manifesta-,tions exhibited by many of those who.attended those services, these manifestations, such as falling upon thefloor and writhing 'in their bodies;some shouting, some barking andmaking other loud outcries, hadseemed to have pervaded the Presbyterian church in this section, or, asI should more properly say, thereseemed to have arisen a practice of(making such demonstrations duringthe public services, as the auditorswould be moved, which was an entireinnovation in the worship of thePresbyterian church, and which wasnot according to the accepted standards and practices of the church.And by Teason of this, the Rev. JoelLyle, who' was a minister of thePresbyterian church, although neverpastor nor officially connected withthe, church in Paris, .butko-livedb inParis and frequently preached to thechurch here, preached "a sermon inParis from the text: "Let all thingsbe done decently and in order -Thissermon made such a deep-andlasting impression and was of suchforce that from that time forwardthere never seemed to have been anycause of complaint by reason of thesedejmonstrations during public service.This-Rev. 'Lyle was a most Teamedand pious man and- exerted a wide influence in this community, and wasnumerously connected with many ofthe most influential families throughout Central Kentucky. He was alsothe editor for many years of the onlynewspaper published1 .in 'he county!The Western Citizen. A .In 1837 and 1838' the ploughsharetof .discord entered this churchVand adiyJsipnvvashaL notonlyJn thjp1 church, but throughout the Presby-terian church in many of the Statesof the nation. One branch- wabknown, by the name of the NewSchool, and the other by the OldSchool. This -division took place inthis church and continued for "something like twenty years, when thedifferences between the two brancheswere adjusted and the two congregation again were united to be a mostharmonious and united congregationuntil about 1866, when another division arose, growing out of issuesconnected with the Civil War. Noneof these divisions, as far as I am ableto understand, grew out, of any doctrinal differences, or-any differencesin the teachings of the church, butwere differences more in regard -toquestions of government.After the division of the church in1866 that portion of it adhering tothe Northern Assembly of the Presbyterian church of the United Stateserected the brick church now standing upon Pleasant street only a blockaway; and in September, 1868, Rev.L. H. Blanton, D. D., was called tothe pastorate of that wing of thechurch which was connected withwhat is known as the Southern General Assembly, and in 1869 and 1870the Southern branch of the Presbytrian church built the church whichhas been recently tdrn down andwhich was dedicated on the 25th dayof September, 1870, and which is intended to be replaced by the newstructure we are now engaged inerecting. ,Rev. Blanton continued asthe pastor of this church from September, 1868 until September, 1880.In recent years the differences between the "Northern and Southernbranches in Paris have been happilyadjusted and a few years ago theywere again reunited, and the churchis now more harmonious, more zealous, more prosperous and strongerthan it has even been in any periodof its history. Its membership nowis about two hundred and fifty.In the earlier periods of the history of this church it was the customof the Session of the church to select young men of piety and of goodability and to educate them for theministry. In one case they went sofar as to buy the time of a youngman who had been apprenticed tolearn- a trade, and took him and educated him, and he became a minsterof this church. The young men whowent out as ministers from thischurch have been, many of them,among the most prominent and tnemost efficient in our entire church.There were twenty-seven of them inall.Ajniong the Elders of this churchin its early period, Mr. Alexanderhad three sons who entered the ministry,' Mr. McConnell, one son, MivCurry, oneY son, and Mr. JosephMitchell, one son. All of these youngmen were sons of, Elders of thischurch.It is likewise a fact worthy ofconwnent that this church has alwaysbeen a warm advocate and supporterof foreign missions. One of the sonsof Mr. Alexander went as a missionary to the Sandwich Islands in 1831,when the inhabitants were still savages and were addicted to the practice of cannibalism. So great washis work among those people that inthe year 1869, thirty-eight years' after Mr. Alexander went to the Sandwictiilslands, it is recorded that hischurch' in those Islands contributedmore- tov the cause of foreign missionsthanall of ..the chuches in the Synod,of Kentucky combined, tnat year.In Ihe spring of 1872 Mrs. AnnieEdgar Randolph, a member of thisMiiirAh went, as a missionary toChina; and after having conductedmost successfully a school for girlsin Hangchow, China, she was removed to Nagoya, Japan, in 1888, andfor our -years she labored most efficiently and, successfully in the . establishment-ofan. institution, fo'r.jtheeducation of, Japanese women, when,hor health' havine: failed, after an absence of twenty years, she returned .to her -native land. To undertake torecount the wonderful work that wasaccomplished by this devoted woman;while most interesting and instrnctrye, would occupy more time thanwe can comlmand at this time.In 18 8L the congregation extendeda call '.to Rev. E.. H. Rutherford, 'ofSt. Louis, Mo., which was accepted,and Dr. Rutherford served the congregation faithfully until his :death,'which occurred in July, 1908, havingserved the local congregation for aperiod of twenty-seven years.-, Dr.Rutherford was, succeeded by Rev. B.M. Shive,who remained the pastorof the church for a period, of sevenyears, severing his 'connection withthe local church in September, ,1915.Prominent among the pastors,- ofthe former U. S. A. church was Dr.P. J. Cheek, now of -Danville, Ky.Dr. Cheek -wag in Paris for manyyears; During ' his pastorate thechurch prospered and Dr.."Che.ek hasa large number of fast friends inthis city ' " " ' . T "" ' '-From' the valley of-Virginia there'came "these families: The Alexanders, tfie;Bre6kinridges,' the Renneys,the Kerrs, the" Cunninghams," 'theMcCafneys,;tlte McCUntqcks', tnVMKees,'erMcI)owelp the Lyles -theIrvines; the .'Talkers the .Wrighwhoxmay say were really the .founders am pioneers of Presbyterianisminirkentucky. 'They were of -Scotch-Irtishancestry; and I doubt not thatamonjt? ; these' r early pioneers .thereiney have -beeri some who had.emi-.grated'directlyVfrom - Ireland.-.twidScotland to thej Valley . of Virginia,,aAd'tEenceHoKentucky..'- r-" r&,It yrifs off 'these' :people that ashr,hngtqiffis. qquoted;; ashavang'Sfndp dur,-Frank 1 Co.': SaleStarts Saturday, Jan. 4STOPAT FRANK & CO.'-y-frf..':VMSLOOKIN THELISTENCOME IN AND LET US TELL YOU OF OURWONDERFUL PRICES.aTABLES FULLFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERS(1ing the darkest days of the Revolution, that if all his plans werecrushed and if he was left with buta single standard, he would plantthat standard upon the Blue RidgeMountains,' and with these mountainsas a barrier, aided and supported bythese loyal patriots of the valley ofVirginia, he would found a new republic in the West.These families from the valley ofVirginia were the descendants andthe representatives to a large extent,of the old .Covenanters who, as an!evidence of their devotion to theirreligion and 'to preserve it in itspurity, signed in their own bloodand Covenant of . Grayfriars' Churchand Covanant of Grayfriars' Churchyard in Ediiiburg, Scotland.About the same period that thisemmigration from the valley of Virginia took place, there came alsofrom the .Piedmont section of Virginia to tnis" 'section such families asthese: 'The Brents, the Buckners,.the Bedford's the Clays, the-Halls,the .Nichols, the Rogers, the Hawes.the Todds, the Rices and Woodford.These families were largely divided,as best I can . learn, between thePresbyterians and the Baptists, theBaptist church being likewise a pioneer church: in Kentucky, althoughpreceded in this place by the Presbyterians.Representatives of these familiesfrom the , valley of 'Virginia andfrom the Piedmont section have beenequally as .: prominent as -theirScotch-Irish -'ancestors, "both In thehistory of this churcli and in thehistory of tic State and Nation,' andhave been identified in some way, orconnection 'In' some way, as membersof this church from its organizationdown to 'theA present time.' Thesefamilies,' together with' those fromthe valley of Virginia, made therwilderness. ofJ Kentucky to. blossomand bloom 'as the rose.. The organization of ihe church atthis time is: as follows: The pastor isRev. John J-VRice; the bench of EMers consists of R.P;Dowv, C B.Mitchell, Drt J.'T. Vansantr, J. D. Mclintock,: J.rL. Dodger nd George "W".Davis. The Board of Deacons Comprise George R. Bell, C. A. McMillan,W.'W. Mitchell, Lawrence: VanHookrE M. Dickson 'and Dr. M. H. Dailey..The Sunday School Superintendent isMr. Owen Davis.. The Building Committee was composed of .the.lfollowing persons: R. P.Dow, B. M.Renick, Peale Collier,W. R. Blakemorc, Duncan Bell, ".Mis.Owen Davis,. -Mrs. M. HDailey, MissMary SpearsVMrs, Prank Clay, Mrs.W. G. McClihtock! l . ..Mr.HughNevin, of .Louisville, isther architect of the building.:p'.4'4fv--.WINDOWS"VOF REMNANTSlCOMTOUT FOR SCEIBESWhat chance would Stevenson orDickens have if he worked on a newspaper? None, of course, All the -immortalstuff in his "copy" would beruthlessly blue-penciled. Everybodyknows this, but once in a while anew reporter learns it afresh and-agonizesaccordingly. One such, 1n abook in which he portrays his disillusionpients, relates how he. trapped,the unwary editor by the old trick ofintroducing a sentence from a masterpiece in the midst of an account ofeveryday matters. The sentence wasfrom Les Miserables," and ran as- follows: . . , ,",v,"The perfume shed iipon the air byflowering shrubs seemed their 'ownoutbearings, and they gamboledauout in joyous abandon, at timesshowing their pretty little legsirtfitlxthe chaste indecency of infancy.".!"The copy reader, with- a muttered"This" will never do," seized his .-pencil.When he had finished the sentence read thus: , -',. v '"The perfume shed by .flowers and.shrubs seemed their own . sweetbreaths, and they jumped joyously,about, stretching their-little limbs inchildish glee."The reporter followed up his- triumph by innocently inquiring. of- thoreviser why he had changed .the' sentence. He had changed -it, the copyreader replied, because he thought itneeded changing, "chaste indecency"in particular being a poor phrasecontradictory, in fact. This storyshould be a great comfort to all reporters of genius. - .,,-,o i J '!. iBUYS PARTNER'S IOTEREgr 'Mr. Mitchell Jackson has purchased the interest of his partner, Mr.Gran Denton, in the Fordham Hotel,and will continue the business in teefuture. - Mr. Denton will engage Inother lines of business. ' ' " ''.Rooms For Rent.Two nicely furnished roomavojx.third floor of The-Robneel.FJate,.. ,corner of Mai- and Eighth, , streets.Steam, heat,, bath and airconven-'iences. Men preferred, ' Call" for'( 3-f t) MRS, J.'T, CTRTFT,' t'Strayed or Stoleni'..Jij:'Strayed or stolen fromsmyplac on:the Cane Ridge pike, a 3-year-old, wot -Tel walking mare; 15 hana,highi onewhite foot in rear, small star i forehead,-Aby WIskPonras-fl!owring mar. Liberal'- rwardfor informmatioa leiag t&revery. tuw- - 'J AS. -M. CALDWBLIi. !,.:(3-tf)" ta - rPrte,It.U v v. "U. -!!' v'hi&ViI. "- i. v$ is ' ,j iwj: .W t? j.i"?FRIDAY, JANUARY' 3 19 19.v ,THE BOTJBBOH HEWS, rABIS, KEMTTTCKti" f 'V -.-'. H-v????-r - f -lrjpAGijxtiri-&j $ ----f:Wfxfel4kKFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEBIG SALE OE 7 FARMS TO-MORROWAttend the sale of 7 small farms ofWp. and Lou Taylor to-morrow at10 o'clock. (It)oPUBLIC LIBRARY OPEN.The Paris Public Library has opened after the lifting of the influenzaban and the passing of the holidays.Miss Iomgene Redmon, librarian,will be on duty daily from 1:00 to5:00 p.'m., 6:30 to 8:00 p. m., andon Saturdays from 9:00 a. m. to11:00 a. m., 1:00 p. m. to 5:30 p. m.oBOG LICENSES ISSUEDThe County Clerk's office in thecourt house has been a busy place inthe past few days, County ClerkPaton stated that he had no ideathere were so many dogs in thecounty until it came to issuing thelicenses for them. Up to a late houryesterday he had issued a total of 2,000 documents and tags entitlingthe canines to the protection of thelaw.oBUY GOOD COFFEE SERVUS ISTHE BESTWhy waste good jmaney by paying35 cents per pound for poor coffeewhen you can buy SERVUS SteelCut in one pound cartons for 35cents? SERVUS is the good kind.THE POWER GROCERY CO., SERVUS DISTRIBUTORS.ORGAN RECITAL AT PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.In another part of this issue ofTHE NEWS will be found the program to be rendered at the organ recital at the Presbyterian church nextMonday night, January 6, by Mr.Sidney A. Durst, an organist of national reputation.Tickets have been placed for salein the hands of a number of youngwomen. They may also be procuredat Mitchell & Blakemore's clothingstore.aA SINCERE APPRECIATIONTo THE BOURBON NEWS and ThePublic:I wish, to thank the, editor and thebusiness management of THE BOURBON NEWS for having used theirinfluence in my behalf ever since Ihave been in Paris, and the generalpublic for their liberal and undreamed-ofpatronage.Had to close my doors on December 17th in order to finish the orderspromised for Christmas. At that Ihad to disappoint a few. During therush perhaps I may have made somemistakes. If so, I am here to correctany and all. -Wishing you a Happy New Year,I am,Yours to Count On,A. R. JOHNS.BUYS BOURBON STOCKSOUTH CAROLINA.FORParis has nad the honor this weekof entertaining a prominent Southernstockman, Mr. J. H. Henagen, of St.Matthews, South Carolina, who hasbeen mixing with the' stock dealersand investigating the best strains ofBourbon county stock. While inParis, Mr. Henagen was a guest atthe Hotel Windsor.Mr. Henagen purchased of Mr. Edward Prichard, of Paris, a carload offancy Duroc hogs, at prices rangingfrom ?60-to $300 per head, which hewill ship to his hopae in South Carolina. He also purchased of Myers& McClintock, of -Paris, a carload ofmules and general purpose horses atprices ranging from $200 to $300 perhead. These animals have been shipped to his farm near St. Matthews,and will be -usedfor stocking purposes. Mr. Henagen will leave for hisSouthern home to-morrow. He willbe accompanied by-Mr. Prichard, whowill go to the Southern market forthe purpose of helping to boost thestock markets for the Kentucky products.HSCAL COURT PROCEEDINGSThe first session of the BourbonFiscal Court for the new year convened in the County Court room inth nmirt. house yesterday. - CountyJudge BatterW presided, with theroiiowing memDers oi me wwi. ient; Thomason, "Talbott, Stephenson, Wiggins, Shropshire and Turner.The report of County Road -EngineerBedford" was ordereFto loan theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.$18,000 of the 'Garth Fund money atsix per cent. "from date. "Mayor January, CouBcilmen Veateh and Kiserand Coroner Rudolph! Davis appearedbefore the Court and asked for theappointment of -a' committee to co-operatewith the eityln the matter ofsecuring war trophies -t rom the Gov-emmanf fnr- the tfrtlirt-llOUSe laWU.'Talbott and Wiggins vere appointed"a committee'to eevue wnn we vu.u.vjTreasurer and thft Sheriff. Themonthly allotment to Howard Brownwas ordered ,iiined. The Courtadjourned to Frtiruary $SOCIAL A2W PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Willie Wilmott, of Cypressstreet, is recovering from a threeweeks' illness.Miss Mattie Elder, of Richmond,is a guest of Mr. E. s. Elder andfamily, in this city.Mrs. James H. Thompson is ableto be out after an illness of severalweeks with influenza.Mrs. Mitchell Jackson left Wednesday to visit her sister, Mrs. Ed.Summers, in Covington.-Miss Florence Dick has returnedto her home in North Middletown, after a visit to Mrs. W. L. Arnold, inRichmond.Mr. and Mrs. George WilliamsClay have as guests at their home onEast Seventh street, Mrs. E CHaney, of Cincinnati.Miss Beulah Rogers has returned to her home in Lexington, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Win. Ballard,on South High street.Mr. and Mrs. John Thompsonand Mrs. Frank Thompson, of Winchester, were visitors in Paris yesterday, as guests of friends.Misses Edna and Lucy Browning have returned to their home inWinchester after a visit at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. John S. Talbott.Mr. John Price has returned toDanville, after spending the Christ,mas holidays with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Lee Price, on Scott avenue.Miss Josephine Shawhan has returned to her school duties at Richmond, after spending the holidays atthe home of her paients, near Shawhan. Miss Schumake, a trained nurseof the Massie Hospital force, was called yesterday to her home in Virginia,where five of her family are ill withthe "flu."Walter Wood, Fred 'Weisler, A.C. Buschle and Edward Lueewe,members of the orchestra playing atthe Alamo and Paris Grand, havetaken rooms at the Y. M. C. A.Dr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin havereturned to their home in Butler,Ky., after spending the holidays withMrs. Corbin's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Edwin Thomason, near Little Rock.Mrs. Swiney Ray is nursing Mr.Amos McKenzie and family, who areill with influenza at their home nearLittle Rock. Mr. Troop Clarke andfamily, of the same vicinity, are alsoinfluenza sufferers.Mr. Stanley Conner has returnedto his duties with the SouthernRailway Co., at Knoxville, Tenn., after spending the Christmas holidaysin this city with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. T. D. Conner, on Harmonstreet.tRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, was in Cynthiana, yesterday, where he conducted services at the funeral of Mr.Thomas T. Magee, a personal friend,who died in Louisville Monday night:Mr. Magee was a native of Cynthiana, but had made his home in Louisville for many years.Mr. Jonas P. Rucker, Louisville& Nashville railroad agent at Richmond, who has been seriously ill forseveral weeks is improving. Mr.Rucker was a resident of Paris several years ago, being an operator inthe train dispatcher's office. He hasa host of friends here to whom thenews of his recovery would be welcome. Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor of theParis Presbyterian Church, was inNicholasville, Monday, where he assisted Rev. J. J. Trostle, the localpastor in conducting funeral servicesfor Mr. Lewis T. Hemphill, who diedhtere of apoplexy. Mr. Hemphillwas eighty-four years old, and was aprominent fanmer of Jessaminecounty. "Friends in this city of the institution, and President and Mrs. Hendricks, have received invitations tothe opening of the social season atHamilton College, in Lexington, asfollows:"President and Mrs. Thomas A.Hendricks, of Hamilton College, cordially invite the friends, patrons andalumnae of the College on Friday,January 3, from four until sixo'clock, to meet the Faculty."Mr. Lewis Mitchell and family,after a pleasant visit in Paris, liavegone to Mt. Sterling, where they willreside in the future. Mr. Mitchellhas accepted a position with the W.A. Sutton & Son, undertaking establishment. Mr." James Moreland, of Paris,left Tuesday for Elliott county wherehe is superintending the work ofdrilling in a well on the -.Gibson leasefor the Bourbon Oil-& DevelopmentCompany. Mr. R. H. Wright, ofCampbellsyille, Ky., has gone to Cobhill, in Estill county, to look afterfield developments in that section.(Other Personals on Page 3.)o-TASK OF RED' CROSS OITTERS ISFINISHED.FAREWELL, THE OLD YEAR!GREETINGS, THE NEW YEAR!The old year spent its dying moments in a downpour of rain, as ifthe elements were weeping over tiedeparture from their midst of thetried and true old friend who fiadspent three hundred and sixty-fivo(days with them. No jollity markedthe event, but a quietness born ofthe miserable weather and the cessation "of the holiday penod was allthat marked the exit of the old yearWe all hail' the advent of the Ne- 'Year of 1919, and hope it will drawforth all the good from our natureuntil we will really come to belieein the goodness of men and women.We hope we will all rise out of ourselfishness and seek to bless otherin the' New Year, and that we willbe enabled to rejoice in the good foi -tuneof another and to "ympathize inthe misfortunes of one another. Wuhope everybody will be happy because that will make others happy i.ithe year to some.Although the New Year was ushered in by clouds and rain, we hop'that all our friends may find throughthe days to come many bright houiswhen their spirits, bouyed up bypromise of belter things, will realizethe good there is in store. Let tinwonderful peace of the New Yearhallow all things, and kindness frrothers well up in our hearts, W:pass it along to our friends and outpatrons Welcome, New Year, notfor what you give, but for what youpromise to give. May J he New Yearcarry with it for you so much of goodthat the whole atmosphere will bfilled with music, and not even thenaterial side of life be neglected.May the sacrifices of ihe old yearturn into the successes of the NewYear, and the hardships of the pastbring the happiness of the futureand may health, happiness and prosperity crown your efforts in the NewYear, 1919.America's army of women knitters, who did not cease with the signing of the armistice, have been ordered by the Ited. Cross to "stackneedles,' their task is- accomplished.An inventory of-articles in reserveshows sufficient, on hand to meet, theneeds of fighting men in this country and abroad and., of Red .Cross relief commissions.Knitted -articles now in the making will be finished and turned intothe 854 Red Cross chapters whichwill issue no more yarn . J. More than 10,000,000 sweaters,box, mufflers, helmats and wristletswere turned out in - the seventeenmonths. preceding-the overthrow ofthe Central Powers Virtually everyman iir the .army vras given woolenaccessories fashioned by the. tireless,fingers of thousands of women ,whochose,that method of aiding to winthe war. 'SORGHUM AND NEW ORLEANSMOLASSES.The best county sorghum and NewOrleans molasses in Paris.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oJIM ALLEN; HE SAYS,The "Pert and Pertinent" columnin Editor James M. Allen's paper,The Cynthiana Democrat, always hassomething interesting. Just likelooking at diamonds in a jeweler'swindow. Among the sparkling gemsin the latest issue are these, whichwill interest Paris people:"One year ago, Dec. 30, the wife ofa gentleman at Paris named Igopresented him with a daughter andon the same date this year presented hlnn with twins, so that, happilysuggests THE BOURBON NEWS, allthree children may celebrate theiranniversaries on the same date. Weare not very well up on such things,but if this game of progressiveeuchre is to be kept up, Igo well,we can't blame you very much if youdo.""The youngest daughter of the Secretary of the Treasury will probablyhave 'the honor of being presented toWashington Society as the Cabinetbud' of the season. This bud is perhaps a hot-house plant, developedunder Glass.'oDID YOU EVER SEE "A FOKDDOG?"Queer things happen in the livesof the court officials, and they do nothappen in one place all the time,either.While County Clerk Pearce Patonwas busy with thep roceedings of theFiscal Court yesterday Miss GraceHaskins .presided in the office, andwhile busy issuing dog licenses, wasapproached by a tall; lanky countryman, who asked for a license. Thinking the man wanted a dog licenseMiss Haskins, from force of habit,asked the usual question, "Whatkind of a dog is it?" To her astonishment and amusement the man,without as much as a grin,' replied,"Why, it's a Ford." He then explained that he wanted an automobile license, and not a dog license.Miss Haskins told him what to doand he departed happy.i o iRELIGIOUS.tia XTfcRinn Circle of the Christian church will meet in the church jparlors' next Tuesday afternoon at-2:30 o'clock. This win De menftiregular meeting of the new year.At the close of the business meetingthes Chairman and officers will enertain with a social hour.There will be no services at theMethodist church on Sunday, eithermornings night. The pastor isgiving way tothe t dedicatory . services at the Presbyterian church,The Baptist church will hold noservices . Sunday, except Sundayschool and the B. Y. P. U meeting, onaccount of,, the dedication services ofthe Presbyterian church. -vteredflood.Now Comes Your Big Opportunity to SaveSimon's MidwinterCLEARANGE SALE!Radical Reductions Throughout Our Entire Stock.1 Sale Now Going On.On account of the backward season and also because of the Flu Epidemic which kepta great many people from making their regular purchases for their winter needs we areleft with a much larger stock than good merchandising methods permits us to have at thistime of year so to effect a quick Clearance you'll find greater bargains than you are accustomed to find in regular January or midwinter Clearance Sales.Only a few suggestions below hundreds of other bargains as good or better await you.A Grand Offering ofWOMEN'S SUITS and COATSRegular $47.50 Values Now Go For$29.50These Coats and Suits represent the most distinctive and exclusive of the season'smodels. The materials and workmanship are of the very best and the colorings are theones most in demand.If you have put off buying your winter coat or suit until now or if you are going toneed one next year it will certainly pay you to look at this showing at the above extraordinary price of $29.50.Other big bargains in Women's Coats and Suits range from $39.50 to $125.00 values atthe Sale prices of $27.50 to $79.50.Big Reductions inChildren's DressesMillineryHalf Price !Great Bargains in jtiff 7 II ?women s isresses.'.iHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., LexingtonKy;Main Street, Paris, Ky. , ,There is' hardly any prospect for,building thenew'mill dam this year,but waen- it -goes out, as .-it Anallymust, the people .residing belowParis -will think the have encoun-a- repetition o the. jonnstown' Arks will he in demand.,Tt,. -Mlncrcr and' COl. UOD JTOr--UWU1U1JT Ajxeter-ar to be appointed ajspecial-com- .mittee to attend the funeral. jmmsg?Just ReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan RecordsK I V m-r tTThe Puritan Phonograph Also Plays Any Other Disc Records.It it the only Phonograph made with a long horn. The long horn not onlyamplifies and develops but softens the sound.IN ADDITION, THE PURITAN PHONNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaper'than any other machine of anything like similar workmanship and character -Mt.Priced From& .tMt m mfv$45 to $350TTHEURITAN RECORDS ARE ALL DOUBLE DISC and sell uniformlyat 85 cents. To hear them is to buy them. -Let us demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS.It will be a, pleasure for you and us. -..-; f " ;V-!: - -fl. -w-V -Terms to Suit",V-."..V- i1 -"--1f . .'. .TB 1. 1. HI INTO IN CO,M0T10R HEARSE-: MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKINGfc&THERPHQNE" 3ySIXTH AND MAIN STSi .IXIIKI1IMISiIiM,iV" yVgiTftwwntf mi iff ii it mtu.wimimBmmmmmmm$mmmmmaOPAGE SIS'THE BOUBBOjr HEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCKT.FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1&15. 1Nr04 ,EEP YOUR BONUS.(Leslie's Weekly.)Lists of those who bought Government bonds are easily obtained inevery community in the country.They furnish the finest complicationof "prospects" ever made available'to security salesmen. As a resultthere are to-day some thousands ofvendors, more or less, but most more,dubious securities, who are working12 hours a day calling up peoplewho subscribed to Government loans.It has been stated in responsiblequarters that as much as $400,000,000 of Liberty bonds placed with investors have already fallen into thehands of dishonest brokers in exchange for shares of wildcat oil ormining issues. The estipiate is, un-1doubtedly, much too large, but thelesson is none the less plain.If you have a Liberty bond, or areengaged in buying one on the installment plan, do not let go of it exceptunder the urge of a real need for themoney represented, and then turn itover to a bank or responsible investment house to be sold. Under no circumstances surrender it to a traveling salesman who promises you anywhere from 10 to 40 per cent onsome other certificate which he ispeddling.t o -TENDER CARE GIVEN KENTUCKIANS' GRAVES.r The Render care given the gravesof two Kentucky boys who fell inTrance is referred to in a letter fromthe Rev. Oliver Keve, a MethodistEpiscopal pastor from Kearney, Neb.,wJio is over there with the American. Army."I visited in France, recently, aseaport town," he wrote, "and hap-pened to find the graves of two Kentucky boys, Leo S. Harvie and An"drew D. Skaggs. Their graves werewell cared for by local French people. I thought it might be a comfort to the families of the boys toTmow" this, and possibly this letter injour widely read newspaper willcatch the eyes of their relatives."orETREMEN RESCUE NINE PEOPLEEROM HRE.Nine persons, including a soldier.Jacob Hanson, were rescued by firemen t at Newark, Ohio, when firethreatened the three-story hotel andgymnasium operated by Paul Bowser, professional wrestler. The firestarted from an overheated furnace.Mrs. Paul Bowser, known on thestage as Cora Livingston, womanwrestler, her mother, , Mrs. EmmaTubbs, and sister, Mrs. Harry Kates,were carried out by firepen. Threefiremen overcome by smoke were alsorescued. Their condition is not serious. Loss will amount to $2,000.- oBAD 'COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP4 ( Mrs. Martha "Wilcox, Gowanda, N.t Y.f writes: "I first used Chambsrlain's Cough Remedy about eight3rears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough, entiifclydisappeared. I have told many of myfriends of the good I received-through using this medicine, and allr , who have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere. v (jan-adv)o, The Paris kids had "something toworry about" Saturday morning,when they found the ground coveredwith. snow, but not deep enough tomake good sledding 'for their new,v Christmas sleds. And later on their. 'parents found "something to worryNabout," too!CAtlAL BROS.BARBER SHOPT 'Prompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty Damage5 . LiabilityT- C AidOtkcr' CasualtiesA. J. FEEx AGENTmm WRIhfcCf.LOUMVNJX,KY.KkMmm4mJS37&-FURSvWm EUSmSHBPeace Brings Us New Mouths to Fee3ALLIES' ARE FEDBY SELF DENIALGenerous Doing WithoutAmerica Supplied Foodto Europe.inExports from tills country since Itentered the war have kept starvationfrom Allied Europe and have maintained the health and strength of thosewho have been bearing the brunt ofour battles, so that they could holdout to victory. Now that hostilitieshave ceased we must assume the added burden of keeping starvation fromIncreasing7 its toll upon the millionswho have been liberated from thePrussian yoke, i Famine would undothe work .which has been accomplishedin freeing the world for democracy. Nostable government can be establishedand maintained by & nation harassedby hunger. A starving people turnsto rioting and anarchy. Food hasgiven strength and courage to the nations fighting for democracy; it mustnow give the nations strength nucTtranquillity to xe-establish ihenisehesin freedom and democracy.Without our help it Tvould have beenabsolutely impossible for the Allies tomaintain a living ration. Since ourentry into the war we have been contributing largely to the support of onehundred and twenty million peoplewhose normal food supplies have beencut off, whose production has fallenalmost to the vanishing point, whosefields Jxavs been devastated by Germany. The food exported from theUnited States in the past year hasbeen sufficient ,to supply ths , completeration of twenty-two million people-, n AIt is hard to grass the magnitudeand significance of the asststanctwhich has been lent the Allies by thepatriotic, .voluntary service of theAmerican people. Thfe food we sentabroad last year would have been suf-,ftclent to feed one-fifth of our population; And this was done in spite 'ofthe fact that we entered the year with'short crops. Our surplus was practically nothing. An overwhelming proportion of the food that left this country last year was saved out of the normal home consumption of our ownpeople.In spite of difficulties met in Internal transportation and shortage ofocean tonnage our food exports lastyear amounted to a figure that a fewyears ago would have been unbelievable. Even the most optimistic elementof' our population faced with anxiousconsternation the prospect whichopened before us with the beginningof. the 1917 harvest year.The American people have not beencompelled to save. They have beenappealed to on the basis of humanityand of patriotism. They have responded voluntarily.Besides such Incidental benefits asthe improvement in Agar and healththat'weJT reaped from our meatless,whtatlsM days, think oftb fun we'vebad out 6t tfcem this nw crop ofjokes, JIbsa, topical songs and cartoon to replace the mother-in-lawjoke and the boost to our rsputatlonfor ready humor I-Eighty millions of men can- 4not be taken out of productionfor four years without lasting 4losses of yield. It will be years4 before their fields recuperate, 4farms are restored and herds re-stocked. Save food. '" 4.!fPURPOSES OF FOOD. ADMINISTRATION THEDAY OF IT8 BEGINNING.The hopes of the Food Admin-lstratlon are threefold: So toguide the trade in fundamentalfood commodities as to eliml-nate vicious speculation, extor-tion and wasteful practices and4 to stabilize prices in essentialstaples. :Herbert Hoover, Au-gust 10, 1917.SEVEN LOAVES OF BREADF,0R EVERY PERSON INU. S. SAVED FROM WASTEFarmers and Threshermtn Patriotically Respond to Call of FoodAdministration.From information received by theU. S. Food Administration from theprincipal grain growing' states, it isnow possible to announce with fair accuracy the amount of wheat saved lastharvest by Improved methods of handling. According to official calculations, efforts toward cleaner threshingsaved fully 16,000,000 bushels of wheatwith corresponding savings of othersmall grain harvested and threshed Ina similar manner. In addition, otherstates, though unable -to furnish" figures, reported greatly reduced harvestlosses.The figure for wheat alone is equivalent to seven one-pound loaves ofbread for every person In the UnitedStates and-represents' food that formerly was either an absolute loss orwas recovered to only a slight extenttbyx poultry, and livestock. While opforttmltles.Lnthls' branch 'of conservation were large, the quantity of grainrecovered surpasses early expectations. It la noteworthy also that remits were secured principally througavoluntary ' co-operation., -No conservation measure of theFood Administration, It is declared,'has received more wholehearted support than that pledged and renderedby farmers and threshermen towardreducing grain waste at its 'source.The benefits of our fobd-savlngcampaign that was a vital factor inthe winning of the war wsre not all tothese we fed. We have at home a pewappreciation of food that will preventit ever being wasted again by thosethat have come to understand tae rellglon of saving 'and the-plaee thatfood occupies In our new, world-widehuman relations.(Jut of empty granaries to draw 141,000,000 bushels for exportthe will ofa free people accomplished- that marvel. - -Do you remember when ood control by voluntary actlotf Vas deemeda daring adventure in deicracy?RNjmBMBviPSvSaBssSBBBiVylllssrMfftAPPIBRsyfsSSbWKKENTUCKY SOLDIERS MAY STAY" ABROAD :iONG .TIME.Kentucky and Indiana relatives ofsoldiers in the Thirty-eighth Nationalo Guard Division and theEighty-fourth National Army Division may not have an opportunity towelcome home the boys in khaki fora long time.The -infantry and machine gununits of: both these divisions, it wasannounced, have been selected as replacement units with which to replace men in the army of occupationwho are sent home. This means thatthey probably will be in Germany as?long as Ajmerican troops are requiredthere.oCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have 'used Chamberlain's Tablets and must vsay they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also utedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. . (jan-adv)oThe most useless thing tHat wasperpetrated during the Christmasgift-giving season was the label,"Don't open until Christmas."Margolen'sSPECIALFor ThisiWeekLAMBROASTMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketEDW. BUSKE, President.Edw. BurkeSain ClavJas. M. CaldwellEobt. E. BeattvLuther StiversC. D. WilsonTHE BOURBONIVTobacco Warehouse Go.(Incorporated)-i -Total Sales to Date, 164,415 pounds .Sale December 20th ......Opening Sale December, ll'tfc . .Sale December 13th . . .- . . ' .4.The BourbonTOFARMERSof Bourbon CountyIWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf yoxx are interested, in "better andmore economical farming, come inand see what triis little sronderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL OARAGECop. Fourth and Pleasant Ste.H. S. CAYW0OD, Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. EodeersA. B. HancockJno.S. B.NEXT SALSTO -DA YAnd Every This Week"Except Saturday:Tobacco Warehouse(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYTHENJOHN T. COLUNSManager.T. CollinsBurrisA. L. StephensonH. S. CaywoodAverage $30.97Average $34.46Average $32.05Average $30.11NM KIf !1 tfI ' iCot; m(till-jan24-F)VV-vFRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1919.THE BOUItBON HEWS,. PABIS, E3SHTUCSTPAGESETTjrhSe color in cheeksa VBe Better Looking TakeOlive TabletsHVE THOTJ3A3STD TO 33EHOBILIZEAT CAMP TAYLOE.Five thousand troops are expected to arrive at Camp Zachary Taylorwithin ten days for demobilization.It is believed that among them willbe the 138th Field Artillery, formerlyIf your skin is yellowcomplexion pallid the old 1st Kentucky Regiment. Justtongue coated appetite poor you have h tne oters wm be is not knownITIvnnS i,oiiTiMph. They probably will not arrive untilitClU& W W W . ........ W...W W.WW.nr. Edwards Olive Tablets a substitutefor calomel were prepared byDr.Edward3after 17 years of study with his parents;Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purely'vegetable cbmpound; mixed with olive oil.You will know, them by their olive color.To have a clear, pink skin, bright eyes,no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likechildhood days you must get at the cause.nr PrfrH, Olive Tablets act on theliver 'and bowels like calomel yet haveno dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome constipation. Thatfs why millions of boxes aresold annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists. Takeone or two nightly andnote the pleasing results.THE PAET OP THE BOND.American dollars, supplied chieflythrough the- sale of Liberty Bonds?played a big part in the winning cftha world war.They sent an army of 2,000,000Yanks to the firing line in about theshortest time an army was ever assembled. They put under way the construction of a, federal merchant marinethat will be diverted from war workto the extension of r American commerce.--They supplied the allied nationsfunds to the extent of more than $7,000,000,000 with which to carry ontheir fight.And in effect they tipped balanceof world power so decisively thatthere was nothing left the Germansbut surrender.Yet this is but a part of theirtremendous and yet unfinished task.We must do our part in restoringlaw and order in Europe. We mustlead our assistance at whatever costto the re-establishment of a stabiegovernment in Russia. We musthelp feed the starving millions inthe territories devastated by tneHun. We may have to lend substantial aid in the end to Germanyherself.But above all we must thoroughly1look out for the best interests of ourown country commercially, at homesad abroad, both for the immediatepresent and the future. This is aquestion that intimately concerns Usall.The duty of the dollar hasn't beenfully done by a long shot.Norxhas our obligation to furnishthat dollar' been removed.Nor our. debt to humanity beenfully paid.Nor will all this have been accomplished until normal condition are restored. So don't contemplate another loanin a spirit of resistance.Stand by your duty and yourcountry's duty.o1IEW OELEANS TRACK VISITEDBY $200,000 FERE.The grandstand, club house andpaddock at the fair grounds racetrack in New Orleans, owned by theBusiness Men's Racing Associattt&iwere destroyed by fire Saturday. The1vmj wni ptiTna.ted at i more than$200,000. The fire was discovered intime to protect the stables and training quarters containing several hundred horses.oOptimistic Thflht.Ht who reason rules may with afetf rule others.after January 1.The number of troops expected isbased upon the number of railroadcars at debarkation points which areassigned to Camp Zachary Taylor. A.M Tlnt.trvn- asrent for the Railroad, Q -Administration at the cantonment.figures that ten trainloads of 500 meneach will come in within ten days,and so notified the camp authorities.Wishing to be able to meet anyemergency or demand made the military officials are speeding up demobilization, clearing out men to makefurther room for those that maycome in. It had been intended thatduring the holiday period betweenChristmas and New Year that onlyabout 250 casuals from other stations would be mustered out daily.However, Maj. Russell J. Ryan, demobilization officer, will increase thisto about 450. This can. be accomplished without much effort, as moiethan 2,500 have been let out in asingle day.oBENSINGO TO HEAD STATE TAXCOMMISSION.Governor Stanley appointed BenRingo, of Owensboro, chairman ofthe State Tax Commission to succeedMiles M. Logan, of Louisville, formerly of Brownsville, who recentlyresigned. The position was offeredto W. V. Gregory, of Mayfleld, countyJudge of Graves' county, but he declined, saying that as he had been reelected to that office he felt that heehnniri serve out the term. Mr.Logan, who was formerly attorneygeneral of the State and resignedthat 'position to become the first headof the tax commission, held the officeless than two years, during whichhe succeeded in having the GeneralAssembly grant a largely increasedappropriation.oSOLDIERS m HOSPITALS LAUD iTHEJtED CROSS ."The Red Cross puts the soul insoldiers," judging from a manuscriptthat has just been received at LakeDivision Red Cross Christmas RollCall headquarters from the Londonheadquarters of the American RedRed Cross. The message reads:"The boys of Ward 'A' at the bigAmerican hospital at Dartford, neavLondon, held a mass meeting theother day."The meeting Was called by 'commonconsent' and for no particularpurpose except to discuss 'things ingeneral,' including the result of theelection in the United States and thearmistice negotiations over at thefront, and the satisfactory conditionsof everything and everybody aroundthe hospital."In other words, it was just oneof the many things that the ingenious American soldier is always ao-ing to keep life sunny and happy. ."Thfire ware sneeches about theelections, and speeches " about theKaiser and speeches about the hospital and speeches about the American Red Cross."Unfortunately there was no secretary at the meeting and no minutes were taken of the proceedingsand the speeches."But a little while after the meeting, one of the Red Cross womenhappened to pass through Ward 'Aand as she went through, the Chairman of the meeting, Sergeant WalterStrugis, of Oakland, California,hended, her a little note which hasbeen 'unanimously passed' for submission to the first Red Cross workerthat came along."This was the note:"We, the 'boys of Ward 'A' appreciate fully the.work done "by yourwonderful organization in giving usa helping hand whenever needed."Thanking you a thousand-fold,believe us to be,"Sincerely yours,"THETBOYS OF WARD 'A,'S. Base Hospital1 No. 37, Dart-ford."MEAT INGRBtSE'AT TIME HEEDEDProducers Responded Nobly"When bemand Was Shownto Them.Professional CafcUWIVl, GRANNAINAttorney-at-LawE00MS 40T-402HEST -TAT'L BANK BUILDINGCATTLE AND HOG FIGURE?,Governmmt Justified In Pork PolicyWhich Nov Provides Chief Supply ts Meet Three BillionPound Fat Short act.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404ITRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGBHONE 136rbfeic xp M)A HappyNew Year!u.HOOVER WON'T DISCUSS FOODQUESTION WITH GERMANS 'Food Administrator Hoover, inEurope arranging relief for the peoples of the war-devastated territorieshas refused in emphatic terms todiscuss German food conditions withBaren von Der L,ancken and Dr.Rieth, who sought a meeting withthe Food Administrator.A message from Paris said thesetwo Gerpnan officials, who wereprominent in the German administration of Belgium, wired f rom -Berlinto Walter Lyman Brown, Director ofthe Commission for Telief in Belgiumafe Rotterdam, that they had heen appointed "by the German Governmentto" negotiate with Mr. Hoover for roousupplies, and that they desired Mr.TTonvp.r to advise them when andwhere he would meet them.In answer to a request for a con-,ference, Mr. Hoover sent this -message:"You can describe two and a halfyears of arrogance toward ourselvesand cruelty to the Belgians in anylanguage you may select, - and tellthat pair' personally -to go to . hellwith my compliments. If I do haveto deal with Germany it will not bewith that pair."oThe belated-Christmas shopper hada hard time of it. The Paris storeswere- crowded', and the last-minuteshoppers,, found. the picking-overprocess had left them very littlechoice.ENOUGH CANDLES LEFT'TO BUBNFOR 5,250 YEABS.The signing of the armistice leftthe American Expiditibnary Forcesin France with enough candles tokeep one burning continously andwithout interuption for 2,250 years,according to an official statementfrom the office of the Director of Purchase and Storage of the War Department. The Pp'rnary use of the candles was to furnish light in thetrench and dugouts.. o-68.000 .AMERICAN SOLDIERSHAVE RETURNED HOME.Sixty-eight thousand 'American soldiers had been returned from overseas December 21, and slightly morethan 500,000" in this country hadbeen mustered out of service, members of the House Military Committee were told at their weekly conference at the War Department. "oPrays for Red Htlr.At a religious meeting in Pennsylvania a youth asked the prayers of thepastor and people In order that hemicht become redheaded. It seemsthat "his hair was of a yellowlsji-whiteshade that was no color at all. He hadheard the red heads were good scrappers, 'and he was praying the Lord togive hlra red hair so that he might goforth to fight the kaiser. There'ssomething in this, too, and there's anidea abroad that a regiment of auburnhaired Amazons could put a crimp inthe Prussian5 quicker than a whole division' of mere chocolate-haired men.For love or war give ns the locks offlame. Los Angeles Times.In line with the general plan of conservation formulated by the IT. S. FoodAdministration . immediately followingthe entrance of the United States intothe war the contribution made by themeat producers of this country to thewar program is of particular significance, as it demonstrates the heartyco-operation accorded the Food . Administration by the moat producers ofthe country.According to reports of the U. S.Department of Agriculture, therewasan increase in cattle of 10,238,000 headand 12,441,000 hogs, these figures compiled to January-1 last. In the sameperiod there was a decrease oi aia.uuuhead' of sheep, but indications are thisdecrease will show an increase following the latest reports.Since January' 1 unofficial information Indicates an Increase 'in hogs ofnot less than eieht per cent, and notLmore than fifteen per cent, comparedI L. ..tl an Innronon rwitn one yeaf au, n " . v.average weightFollowing the request of the FoodAdmlpistration for Increase in hogproduction for the fall of 1918 and thesnrlne of 1919 the increase. may yieldnot less than 1,600,000,000 poundsmore oT pork products -than wereavailable last year. .Without this increase the shipping program arrangedby Mr. Hoover regarding animal foodproducts would have, been impossible.The dressed hog products during thethree months ending September 30,1917, amounted- to 903,172,000 potfnds,while for jthe same months of 1918 thenrnflnotf'on was 1.277.589,000 pounds,an Increase of over 374,000,000 poundsfor the quarter.During the same period In 1917 inspected slaughter records of dressedbeef showed 1,263,000,000 pounus asagainst 1,454,000,000 pounds for thethree month period ending September1, this year.We must Increase our meat shipments, especially our pork products,to meet the added demands of the million liberated from German oppression. And at the same time vre mustlook forward to the rehabilitation ofthe European meat herds. The policywhich guided our meat program In the'past year has been fully justified, foronly the heavy pork production whichit has brought about will enable useven partly to satisfy the increaseddemands on us" for the coming year.There will be a world shortage in fats,and It is to the United States that Europe must look to supply its deficiency. At the same time there will continue to be heavy demands for beef.Owing to the limited refrigerator shipping capacity European Imports ofbeef for some time will be limited.The United States, Australia andArgentine will be able to maintain asupply that 'will keep all availablefreezer ve'ssels operating at dapacity.BRIGHTER.EVENINGSTo. oyxr friends and cusotmers. weextend our best wishes for a Happy vand Prosperous New Year; addthank you for making the past yearthe best in our history.And last,, but not least, we extendour sincere thanks and good wishesto our boys who helped make "Aworld safe for democracy."tsf "k&5&LZWr-4-54ril p -!Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite .205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.UWg-M a'TiiMgJllHJJJNothing adds' to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.IkeOlectricitifor OgbfindIt's the only satisfactory way.Qlse Setsfor Beating and CooKingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use ol BothElectricity' and Gas.1Paris Gas & Electric Co., (IncorDorated)After XmasClean-UpSaleOF 'Odds and Ends of 1Our Xmas Stock.All new goods at bargainprices. Also, a clena-up onLadies' and Misses' Suits,Coats, Shoes, Dresses,Skirts- etc.Twin Bros.Department Store.Main and 7th Paris, Ky.j?-!-"Tjl:'l;':'''lGreetings Iv itWe desire to thank our patrons and the public ingeneral very kindly for the very liberal patronage 'accorded :us dunngrthe year just closing, and to say thatthe Government has lifted the ban on installing telephones and is anxious for us to serve all who desire ourconnection.For terms or other information, drop m our omce,write us a card or call the manager by telephone.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)I. J. VEATCH.District 'ManagerW. H. CANNON.Local HaaacexAmerica's Pledge-tothe Allies 'When' TheirLines WeiV BreakingrI s. I,rKBw 's in BflFBaaa3rQBaaaaaaaL? a supBrv taaaaaa aaarHyr!v V M&Mksr ---IISLIn a cap of Posturotheres a most attractive flavor. .Tbercs health, too.tor Posturw contains the goodness ofcereals, coitb no harmful substance vINS1MF PQ5TUMis madeJnca rfioment . at table,coithotlioilin. Ec6hornical;convenient . delicious."TAeres a eeasoninAmerica rwlll send tlfe food, whatever needs for victory. Thej believed,they stood fast and with our men theycarried on to victory.THE TEST NOW FULFILLED.MAN ANDThis government Is nothing morethan the expression of tho people, andif we are to win the war It will be onlybecause every man, woman and childcharges himself daily and hourly withthe test, Does this or that contributeto win the war? Herbert Hoover,April 18, 1918.With the solemn obligation of providing that "margin" of food thatwould,, safeguard against starvationour .friends in Europe- the housewifeand the consumer have learned hitherto ignored and unsuspected thingsibout food, have -absorbed a whole"college education."' in food values,food handling,, buyjn and substitutingThat Fhey will not want td forgetm ' . .' may both t derive saiisfactionby having their worn and toiled'garments cleaned by us. Tacost is nominal, while the pleaure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in.conjunction with the knowledgethat you are - effecting a greatving, must surely" satisfy youi A phone brings U3.iLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692: a :IX!IOur voluntary iood-savlng not onlysolved the Allies andnade vital contribution to the winning of the war, butsaved 'to ourselves In administrationexpenses .the outlay out of our ownpockets that 'any. effective 'system ofrationing 'would have extracted. Itwould have cost us about $43,000,000.to have policed ourselves 'as againstthe 2 cents per capita for'co-operating.' TBy saving andharing America keptthe' world jtogether during the war crisis. By s saving nd sharing Americawill "help to bring the healing of naitlona. ...Sitvitgsaver trvin peopleBourbon Laundry I.HX -VII ' 4co?nAVK PIlNlf PrnnripfnrQvt. ,., v,..v.w xTelephone No. 4 r West Fifh Street Vv:1Va aIXIXIIfinnnwrTTK nnaiiTTTrT .-HmmRWMMMin. Jr.7aiBVa aB. .. akrsla J- ?aiiJ-irT r Pi f r mwt: 'ijrrnfrnn.. w- tw-T?T '"'-"2r 3iMTiiiEMlflfritaF 1 r.' "W m ,m. r - - a, ' OUR wXTCHWbRDi;11X7:4.1. 11 U 1tVTmivivvu- . , , .LYO -i$f: "Iwf a." wiauxuiHxvv -a. .rre", montiln larmrfrv QTYnliannA-i-.ni-zizrz- liiuiiko iuaaunu j, wki"",'t-.gi and expert helpera-we are. mN s'V 'i prered-to do worlc ife- ! -SMV jJ'n0I"'t0 rione,- ana solicit Xyuui pauuuai The Boiirboh MundtirPans, KentuclryJB '4t J' x -0 3X "xst jummm - 3EK - 3HK "ai?K V1 .II faaaaiVXaft-t--(iBACffi EIGHTTHE 1B0UBB0N NEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 191. 6r$: IN THE SERVICEcr;: THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOMILLERSBURG. - , . . :;-,: . ,OF THEIR COUNTKY"'Mr1..I .-r-Mr. J. T. Adair has , returnedjfrom Ashjand, where, he ha? been forseveral months. ' '' Mrs. Ernest Henson, of Blue-field, "West Virginia, !o tho guest ofv&frs. G. "W. Judy and oth-r friends.'- Mrs. D. E. Uailie entertained'ilfonday afternoon in oror of .Mrs.Uraest Jlenson, of EJ.-efld, Westiy$cginia, ,The, laddies present were. Jschpolmates and classmates of Mrs..Sanson, JL delightful time was en.Jpjfed by all present.The following is a list of the interments' in the Millefsburg Cemetery"during the year of 1918: January 1 1"aSlS1, -Evylin Lr'Smith; January 28,11918, George A. Moore; January 29- N.C. Wood; March 9, Mary Foster;March 11, Thomas E Savage; March. .2 2,. Mrs. Isabelle Johnson; 'March 22,iaichard Hubbard; April 2, Mary A.Smithy May 9, Joseph A. Miller; May.12 Silas Clever; May 18, America J.Butler; July 5, Sallie R. Hubbard;ffuly 7, Sarah Jane Turner; July 9,tWiiliam W. Burroughs; August 1,Frank Leroy Whalin; August 6, Lil-lian Izella Grovel; August 26, BondaBeatcher; Sept- 3, Virgia May Walter; September 16, James W. Thorn;October 22, Omar Taylor; October 24,Eva Xee Devaugh; October 24, William. Mac Miller; November 5, EarlInsko; November 21, Myra Allen;December 8, John Doe Campbell; December 11, Alexander Sanders; December 19, Clyde Robertson; December 20, Frank Allen Richart; December; 27,? Daisy Meek Bartlett and infant (still-born.)o- LODGES ELECT OFFICERS.'.' At the recent meeting of ImperialTncampment,I.-0. O. ., the following officers were ecled for the coming1 year, thek Installation takingvpiaee Wednesday nigh-'-Chief Patriarch Jan. Smitz; HighPriest Chas. W. Folhergill; SeniortWduden Edward Ows.ey; Treasurer-r-LawTence Vanhook; Scribe Gea.B.'Minter; Junior Vaiden Wolford'Ewalt; Host -Jas. T. If ill..Bhiegrass Lodge No. 903, Brotherjhoo.d of Railway Tidinmen, electedthe following officer for 1919, whowho were installed at the meetinglield Wedriesday night:ist President T. J. Woodall, ( reel vled); President - F. W. King;Tica-Presideni E. L. Sh?nkland;Seer etary-Trearurer C. A. Amyx, ( reelected) ; Chaplain T. H. Gleason;Conductor A, ."j. McCabe; WardenG. B. Sheets. Outer Guard 0. R.Ogden; Innei Guard G. W Tudor;Legislative ilepr -sanative S J.Bryant.SAIE OF GOVERNMENT STOCK AT j. .CA3IP JACKSON ANNOUNCED.Dnt.vmocfar t Tvuoi PflvtiA h n ctreceived a letter from Major J.:hn R. f. Johnson, of Lexington, was solValentine, at Camp Jackson, near ! emnized Tuesday, at the home or theZ, , ,., -i. ii officiating minister, Rev. Mark Coins,Columbia. South Carol ia announc- tor J the Broadway christianing the sale on January 21 of seven churcn ilL Lexington. After the cerhundred Government horses and emony Mr. arid Mrs. Johnson left formules, which are no longer required a bridal trip to Louisville. They willfor use in the army, -c'our hundred j reside in Lexington,artillery and cavalry horses and j The bride is a handsome youngmules will be offered fr ale. The woman, the only daughter of Mrs H.& f in weifC up to i 600 iJ2S.Erpounds and the mules up to 1,300 the wid)w Qf Mr Bmil Bergimantpounds, and all are sad to be sea- steward at tnev phoenix Hotel, insoned animals free from contagious Lexington. The groom is a young-diseases.Th'e-sale will be held in the corraladjoining- trolley line entering thecauitonment and railroad cirs will be, BANNER YEAR WAS 1918 EORin readiness for shipment in carload BOURBON FARMERS.1UThe government, through Capt. E. In many respects the past year hasPT Johnn oTthe sa-ne campf also been a banner year. for the farmersannou-a sale of condemned gov- of this county. The, question of!f ,nimnk fo hP held at the! labor, which has always loomed bigSTThSklSU m the household' and on theoiiSd a,imals and 12farm, has been unusually trying on7T,T '. r , CQ? tn h soundCUU-fi, JLilWU VI va-i.. " " -nA serviceable, suitable for use onfarms and in light work.Animals to be offere' at both salesm7 be inspected befoio t1 e dates onwhich. they will.be sold. Furtner information may be secured from Major "Valentine or Cap.ain Johnson,.nd the terms will be cash.oHI2JIER PARIS WOMAN GIVES.'$10,000 TO Y. W. G. A.When Dr. J. W. Porter, pastor orthe First Baptist church, in Lexingtoa.; 'presented C. N. Manning,cfcaLirjinan of the Board cf Trustees Athe Y W. C. A., with a check for$lQ,u'00, another chapter Was addedto the history of that institution andat lasting memorial wr assured t,otke liistory of that inst'tudon and alasting memorial was a?uied to Mr.Jeanle Helm, the doator, as tlmoaey will be invested in a homefor'firls, according to her will.Del "Porter delivered an eloquenttalk "on the work of the Y. W C. A!sad In conclusion tendied the checktoMr, Manning before a large gatherig la a brief response Mr. Man-ig,-thanking Doctor Vorter for theimtrtkt he ind the Eaptst .churchil taken in the Y. V. C. A., andfaaiHhat th'e money ould be usedfor the purpose it. was given by Mrs.Helm.Ttfrs., Helm was forpurly Mis? Jenpj& Hanson, or Paris, a daughter oftke late Hoa. R. M. Haxson and Mrs.Mr Hansoa both life-long residents0t Vkxis.TkV Paris' kids had "something tovrwry ahout" Saturday morning,irlwt. they found the ground coveredvrltit. mlow. but aot deep enough tomatottood sledding for their newChrfttmas sleds. And later on theirprats found "someuiing zo worryHttt' too!UJ!&'. - (Continued from Page 1)Private Harold Ewalt, who is stationed at Camp Lee, in Virginia, arrived Tuesday to spend his furloughvisiting relatives. He will return toCamp Lee to-morrow. ""Grover Frederick, of Mayslick,Mason county, who was officially reported by fhe War 'Department ashaving died from "wounds in Franceand who was mourned as dead, arrived at his home in time for Christmas dijlner. He had Deen seriouslywounded and remained for weeks ina base hospital.Mr. Wm." Howard, of Richmond,formerly of Paris, is in receipt of aletter from his son, Lieut. WherritHoward, of Paris, dated Nov. 28, inwhich he detailed experiences in thewar, and of going into Germany withthe victorious American and Allies'armies. He was in excellent healthand had not been injured. Lieut.Howard stated that he was one of theAmerican "bunch" who dined withPresident Wilson on Christmas Day,when the President was the honoredguest of American soldiers in Germany. Mr. WJm. Howard has anotherson, McVey Howard, in the service,in the navy, being now in SouthAmerican waters.Mr. Willis Jacoby, who has latelyreturned from oveiseas, was theguest of honor in Winchester at afamily dining given by Mr. and Mrs.T. I. Wills, his grandparents. Mr.Jacoby was a member of the 306thAir Squadron in the service. He enlisted at Paris and was sent to theArmy Vocational School at Indianapolis, and from there oveiseas. Theguests present at the dinine- werePrivate Wills Jacoby, Mr. and Mrs.George Jacob.:, Miss Myra Jacoby, ofParis; Mrs. I. L. Hoiiadoy, of Lexington; Mrs. James Wills and son,Howard Wills, of Winchester.MATRIMONIAL.Marriage licenses were issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton to Mr. Leslie Ishmael!anrt Miss TTnJ-Mft Tnnte linth of C.vn-tniana? eaCh giving their age aseighteen, and to Bernard J. Weissingand Miss Mary Gilbert, both of thiscounty.BERGMAN JOHNSON.The marriaere of Mrs. May Fran-i w rpps "RArer-man. of Paris, and Mr. Wm.business man of Lexington.account or me war, out uj y,bJ good prices for such and by the useof improved implements or ail Kinas,the crops have been raised and puton the market at good prices. Thedrouth in the mid-summer that looked as if it would ruin everything wassoon forgotten when the rains came,together with the delightful weather,which has continued until tne pastfew days, enabling the farmers to gettheir wheat and small gram sown,their corn housed and their tobaccoready for the market, which openedsome time ago.The Paris tobacco market growsbetter each year, as has been amplyevidenced by the good prices obtained at decent sales. The enterprisingmen sX the head of the warehouseshave left nothing undone to maketheir plans as up-to-date as possible,employing large and competent clerical and handling forces to take careof the consignments. Railroad facilities have been improved and twolarge new redrying plants constructed, helping in the handling ofall tobaccos, especially the lowergrades.Farm lands, and in fact, real estate of all kinds, have advanced verymaterially in the past year. Hardlya wwlt nasses that sales are not recorded of houses or lands at pricesmuch better and some double thoseof former years. Notwithstandingthe high cost of building materials ofall kinds a number of handsome newresidences have been built, and nowthat the flu ban has been raised,many more are planned for the coming year. There are very few, if any,vacant houses or store rooms in Parisfor rent.oThe belated Christmas shopper hada hard time of it. The Paris storeswere crowded, and Hhe last-minuteshoppers found the picking-overprocess had left them very littlechoice.TO-DAY FWf, JAN. 3Thos. H. Ince PresentsDorothy Dalton"GREEN EYES"RUTH ROLANDin the 10th episode offin "HANDS UP"Edward Van Lee u we OrchestraDEATHS.LANCASTERUllma,n Lancaster, aged fourr sonof Mr. and Mrs. Ullman Lancaster,died yesterday morning at the homeof his parents, on High street, aftera short illness of meningitis.He is survived besides his parents,by one brother, Harry Lancaster,and his grandfather, Mr. Charles J.Lancaster.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence on High street, inthe rear of the court house, at twoo'clock to-morrow, (Saturday) afternoon with services conducted by Rev.W. B. Ellis. Burial in the Paris Cemetery. ' 'BARNES.Mr. J. T. Barnes, aged aboutsixty, a former resident of Paris,died at his "home near Independence,Ky., Vecently. The funeral was heldin Covington, the burial following inthe Highland Cemetery, in Covington. Mr. Brown was a conductor onthe Louisville & Nashville road, his"run" being from Covington to Lexington. He jmade his home here until about three years ago, when he retired from active duty and went tohis farm near Independence to reside. He is survived by his widowMrs. Jane Moore Barnes, formerly ofBerry, Ky., two sisters and twobrothers.McSHANE.The funeral of Mr. Curtis B. McShane, formely of Paris, who died ofpneumonia, in Cleveland, Ohio, washeld at Cynthiana, Tuesday morningfrom the 10:15 L. & N. train fromCincinnati. Services were held atthe grave in x Battle Grove Cemetery;conducted by Revs. Carey Moore andJ. D. Armistead.Besides his pother, Mrs. MaryMoore McShane, he is survived byone brother, Mr. Edward McShane, ofCleveland, C, his grandmother, Mrs!Helen Madison, of Cynthiana, andhis aunts, Mrs. John M. Lair, of nearParis, Mrs. Will Curie and Mrs. John'Wbodhead, of Cynthiana.Mr. McShane was a young man offine character, and was held in highesteem by the officials of the NewYork Central railroad office, at Clevland, where he was employed, and bya host of friends in Paris, Cynthiana,and in his new home in Cleveland.SKILLMAN.The funeral of Mr. John A.Skillman, aged sixty-two, who diedWednesday morning at his homenear Cane Ridge, after a long illnessof a complication of diseases, washeld at his residence yesterday- afternoon at one 'o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church. Thehonorary pall-bearers were the deacons and elders of the old Cane Ridgechurch Warren Rogers, EllettBuckner. Redmon Talbott, Sam Clayand Louis Rogers. The active pallbearers were Lindsay Stewart, William Cane, Clay Allen, Dr. P. L. McClure, Roy Turner.Mr. Skillman was one of the best-known farmers in the county. Foryears he has resided on u- fine rarnrnear the old Cane Ridge vicinity. Hewas a deaf on in the old Cane RidgeChristian Church, and was a memberof Bourbon Lodge Odd Fellows, weis survived by his fatherMr. Andrewt Skillman. of Paris: his widow, whowas' formerly Miss Annie Lavton, ofParis, one son, Mr. toy ok.uiiuu.ii, uithe county, one sister, Mrs. Roy Turner, and four brothers, Charles andFrank Skilljman, of Paris, Best Skillman, of Jacksonville, and Ben -Skill-man,of Cleveland, Ohio.oEDITOR PLEADS FOR EREESCHOOL TEXT BOOKSA plea for free text books in theschools of Kentucky was made byRyland C. Musick, of -Jackson, Ky.,a newspaper man, former State Legislator, at the opening of the morninsr session of the closing day of themid-winter meeting of the KentuckyPress Association, at the LouisvilteOld Inn. Mr. Musick deplored theconditions that have depleted ' thoranks of trained educators in the rural districts of Kentucky and declared that only with free text boqksassuring every cnuu an ampie buppiyof books could this handicap be overcome.The statement that under the present system, text books cost approximately ?2 a yearfor each child inschool, against 60 cents a year inNashville, where textbooks are furnished freeof costjto the parent,was emphasized by Mr. Musick.SATURDAYGoldwyn Presents!Mabel NormandIN"Back to the Woods"The story of a lawsuit" that was settledwith a kiss.SMILING BILL PARSONSin "Matching Bill"WILL KEEP GAS TILL PEACETREATY IS SIGNED.Tlie future of the chemical warfare branch of the army was discussed at a conference of the Senate Military Committee mepabers with, officials of the War Department. All ofthe gas on hand, which was manufactured for use against the emeny,the Senators were told, will be keptwith precautions against explosionsuntil actual signature of the peacetreaty.It is possible, the Senators wereadvised, that the peace treaty wiilcontain specific reference to the useof gas in future wars.If such warfare is prohibited theWar Department's stock, amountingto 27,000 tons, will be destroyed. Ifnot, a small supply will be retainedand the rest taken to sea and destroyed except a small part whichmay be salvaged for compnercial purposes.CHECKS FOR APPORTIONMENTOP RACING COMMISSIONMAILED.Announcement was made Sundayby John R. Downing, State Chairman of the Red Cross campaign forfunds, that the checks representingthe apportionment of the ?300,000subscription of the State RacingCommission to the Red Cross are being sent out to each Red Cross chapter in Kentucky. Fayette county'sapportionment is ?12,500. Bourboncounty's share will be fifty per cent.?i rrJt1 4,v.:.AtV "Ji'v J3j'1.-fc$i". ?oqr -"if5v.NJi"Theinwarships to bring americanserom:erance.Fourteen battleships and ten cruisers have been assigned by the NavyDepartment to help bring Americantroops home from France.The work of altering the battleships to fit them for transport workis being rapidly completed and several of them already are in service.All of the ten cruisers have beenfitted up and the Navy Departmenthas announced that one had sailedfrom Brest with its first load oftroops. Another is at Brest and twoof the battleships are reported tohave left Brest with troops.The following are the battleships:Virginia, Rhode Island, Georgia,Louisiana, Kansas, New Hampshire,Ohio, New Jersey, Nebraska, Connecticut, Minnesota, Venmont, Michigan,. South Carolina.oPREPARATORY SCHOOL FORNURSING AT U". OF KY.A preparatory course for nurses,recomjmended by the Surgeon Generalof the United States, wil" begin althe University of Kentucky, with there-opening of school January 6. After finishing the course which consists of twelve weeks of intensivetraining, the students will be recommended for appointment to the ArmySchool of Nursing or to any civilhospital which the graduates mayexpress a preference for.$--GREETINGSFOR 1919We wish to extendi our greetings ofthe season to our many friends andpatrons. We sincerely thank themfor their very liberal patronage andwish to every one and all aHappy and JoyousNew Year-w ii tXtixA i 'It"Posner Bros.A6BILLIE BURKEPursuit of Polly"Who catches me ?" said Polly. Thenshe set off in her automobile. Her twolovers followed. On her way she gottangled up with some spies, nearly gotarrested on a treason charge, and finallyupset the German plot and captured theSecret Service man. ,Roscoe "Fatty" ArbuckleIn "GOOD NIGHT NURSEADMISSION 22cGALLERY 15cChidren Under 12 Not Admitted.BIRTHS.Last night, to the wife of Mr. CarlHughes, residing on the farm of Mr.Catesby Woodford, near Paris, a sonweight fifteen pounds,In Covington, to the wife of Rev.W. O. Sadler, formerly pastor of thechristened W. O. Sadler, Jr. Theirchristened W. O. Sdler, Jr.second child and second son.Sadler was formerly MissTheirMrs.LulaWhite, of Biloxi, Mississippi.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred" Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c. JHall's Fajmily Pills for constipa-rtion. ,(jan-adr)oAnother reason why we have always doubted if a woman really loves .horses is because she can't take themon her lap and cuddle them.fc?4?t Aj. - - 3t-it11ulh