- sMVt t '- r9 test x3"THENEWS-Y-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.'VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1919'-VBOURBONMEETING TO PORMTJLATE PLANS jPOR "GLORIOUS FOURTH."Deep down in our hearts we allrevere the glorious traditions ofAmerica, especially with reference tothe "Glorious Fourth of July," theNation's natal day, when independence was born, and the United Statesof America became a reality. Foryears the celebration of the day wasone of the greatest events in thecountry's history. With the adventof the world-war, stepping as it didinto the center of the stage in anawe-inspiring manner and sweepingaside everything else, the good oldcustom fell away, and was almostabandoned. Now it is coming into itsown again.Several days ago THE NEWS dropped a hint to the good people of thecity and county that now would bea good time to renew the good oldfashioned celebration of the day, andmake it especially a testimonial tothe returned soldiers and sailors ofthe country. The seed feel on welltilled ground, as is attested by thefact that a meeting has been calledto be held at the court house in thiscity next Wednesday night, at 7:30o'clock, for the purpose of discussingthe matter and looking to plans andworking up interest in the proposedcelebration. Coroner Rudolph Davisis in charge of the matter, whichinsures something will be done. Theladies are sepecially invited to attendthis meeting, as they are as muchinterested as any others. Rememberthe meeting at the court house nextWednesday night, at 7:30, andbe there.oSTRAW) HATS AND PALM BEACHSUITS.Just the weather for 'em. Comehere for your's.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SEE THE PERELESS GAS RANGE.Save fuel, food, time and have con-1venience, efficiency that is found inusing the Chambers Fireless GasRange. Lret us show you the fivegood points.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oPARIS NO SLACKERThe city of Paris can proudlyhoast that it has never been in the"slacker" class in any of the variouspatriotic or religious drives whichhave been inaugurated for the sup-port of our country or the better-ment of .mankind., Jt is a goodjresord.-one worthy of being maintained.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecial LotofLadies' Suitsat$15.00Just Received:June ShipmentofWelworth Waistsat $2.50Wirthmor Waistsat $1.50FRANKLADIES1 OUTFITTERSAutomobileBOURBON MAN VICTIM OF RUN-AWAY ACCIDENT.Mr. Edward Allen, a prominentfarmer of Bourbon county, was thevictim of a runaway accident nearMt. Strling, Tuesday, when the horsehe was driving took fright and ranaway.Mr. Allen was driving a younghorse hitched to a cart, and whenpassing a steam roller on the Maysville pike, at a point about two milesfrom Mt. Sterling, the animal became frightened and ran away,throwing the driver violently to theground. Mr. Allen was badly bruised about the face and body, but whileinjuries are painful they are notthought to be serious. The injuredman was taken to his home.Just a few days previous to thisMr. Allen's wife was thrown fromher buggy while returning homefrom a shopping expedition, sustaining painful bruises. Tw.o boys racing on horseback ran into her buggy,frightening the horse, which shied,throwing the buggy over and wrecking itoSOMETHING NEW.Beautiful novelties for graduatinggifts.(30-tf) THE A: J. WINTERS CO.oTHE HOT WEATHER STOVESCHAMBERS HRELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show youthis stove it's a wonder.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oINCREASED FARM VALUES.Summons to attend a meeting ofthe Board of Tax Supervisors at theBourbon county court house havebeen mailed out by Sheriff Will G.McClintock to farmers of Bourboncounty. A net increase of twentyper cent, in valuation of their farmlands is faced by the farmers according to information current yesterday.The assessed, valuation of Bourboncounty farming lands at present is5114 an acre.oBEST FENCE IN THE WORLD:BIG STOCK AT LOWRY & MAY'SThe American is the best fence inthe world and sold at same price asinferior fences. We have a splendidstock-of all sizea and styles,(27-4t) : LOWRY & MAY.& CO.Delivery!INTERESTING OIL NOTESMr. John M. Stuart, of the Bluegrass Oil Exchange, visited the Allencounty oil fields on a tour of inspection several days this week in theinterest of the Greater Kentucky Petroleum Company, in which he is interested. He will return to-day.Mr. George Keller, of Dallas,Texas, who, with his wife, is visitinghis parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller, in this city, received a telegramWednesday morning from the guagerin charge of his oil properties atRanger, Texas, stating that theirwell No. 3 had "come in" and wasshowing a capacity of one thousandbarrels per day. Their No. 4 wellwill be due to come in to-morrow.These wells are situated in what isnow fast developing into one of therichest oil fields in Texas.A number of oil companies and oiloperators have failed to take note ofthe importance of computing theirfederal income tax, in accordancewith the act of 1918. This tax isdue June 15, after which date apenalty of 5 per cent, will be added.This tax should be paid to the incometax representatives before that date.In order to understand the methodof computing this tax, it is necessaryto make a thorough study of theTreasury Department Bulletin No.45, Oil and Gas Manual. This issaid to be very intricate, and has acareful table of depreciation, with ascale to govern each field.Oil men are considerably stirred upover activity in Carter and Elliottcounties, where Cincinnati interestsare reported signing up leases for allproperty available. One group of Cincinnati interests is reported to haveleased 6,300 acres in Carter and Ellioaa counties as a result of the discovery of oil shale. When news ofthis discovery leaked out, a rush ofgeologists and oil men followed, withthe result that right now Carter andElliott counties are the scene ofmuch oil activity. Several producingoil and gas wells already have beenfound in the southern part of Elliottcounty. With this indication of oiLit is not overstepping the mark to be-lipvfi Carter and Elliott will be afrbig oil producing counties as any inthe State. Geological formations ofmounds and knobs, such as werefound in Allen, Warren and Barrencounties and resulted in bringing inone of the-State's-biggestrtre'Ids.-aTniete captured from the Huns in oneeverywhere evident in Carter andElliott counties.THE LANE OIL COMPANY.The Lane Oil Company is one ofthe latest additions to the oil worldin Bourbon county, and was organized and is now controlled by Parispeople, all connected and interestedin other local companies.The Lane people have acquiredwhat promises from its location as tosurrounding wells and properties avery valuable tract on Hell Creek, inLee county. It adjoins properties ofther Bachelor Oil Co., The AtlanticRefining Company, and many of thelargest companies operating in thefield. The Company's lease looks especially attractive, due to the factthe wells immediately adjoining arein the hundred-barrel class, and getbetter right up to the property thanat a distance.This Company has on all outsidemarkets, such as Winchester, Louisville, etc., oversold its issue of tencent, stock, and the books are rapidly nearing the closing point herein Paris, where a small allotment isbeing offered, and as negotiationsare now being made for the drillingof some wells, this Company is inline to be one of the big producersof the State.The Company owns other leases inLee County, and is pumping its onewell on the Lane lease at the presenttime.oA WONDERFUL SELECTION.A wonderful stock from whichto select Graduation Gifts forgirls and boys.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.BOURBON EXCEEDS QUOTAINCENTENARY MOVEMENTThp MfifTinflist. Missionary Centen-ary Campaign, which came to a closeat midnight Tuesday, is reported tohave greately exceeded the quota of$35,000,000 asked for from theSouthern Methodist Church, according to an announcement made fromthe Nashville, Tenn., headquarters toMr. H. A. Power, of Paris.The quota for the Kentucky conference was $620,000, and theamount acknowledged up to Tuesdaynight was $649,730, or more than$29,000 oversubscribed, with a number of reports yet to be made.The Frankfort Conference, inwhich Paris is included, and of whichMr. H. A. Power is conference director, has gone "over the top" by $3,000, with three charges yet to beheard from. The quota for this conference was placed at $100,000 andthe last report made public showsthat $102,962 had been subscribed.-o-STILL "RUBBING IT IN."Representative Mansfield, of Texas,Democrat, has introduced a bill inthe House, at Washington, advocat-jing one-cent letter postage, but increasing charges on advertising sec-Itions of paper and periodicals underthe zone war. Bent on "rubbing itin' it seems, on the printing frater-Inityl ' vIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Private John Monson, who recentlyreturned from overseas, where hehad served with the Field Artilleryfor several months, is spending afifteen-day furlough with his father,Mr, Charles Monson, in this city. Heexpects to be discharged from theservice upon his return to NewportNews.Private Simon Buchanan, who hasbeen on overseas duty in France forseveral months, has returned to hishome near Clintonville, having received his honorable discharge fromthe service. Since arriving in America from overseas he has been stationed at Camp Dix, in New Jersey,where he was mustered out.Mrs. Julia Harpe, of Paris, has received a telegram announcing the arrival at Trenton, New Jersey, fromoverseas of her son, Private C. Webster Harpe. Private Harpe cameback on the transport, Panama,which landed May 23, and was sentto Camp Dix, New Jersey, where heWill receive his final discharge papers. According to advices received inthis city by friends and relatives,Mr. Robert T. Hinton, formerly ofParis, and more recently a memberof the Georgetown College faculty,ho has been in France for severalmonths, will soon return to America.He will resume his former positionon his return as Director of Athleticsat Georgetown College. He has beenengaged in Y. M. C. A. activities inEngland and in France.Louis M. Tyree, son of Mr. andMrs. Clyde Tyree, of Paris, enlistedin the U. S. Navy, at the Lexingtonrecruiting station, and was sent toLouisville, from where he will be assigned to a training ship. Threethousand men is the quota of Kentucky and must be gotten before reserves are discharged. Vacanciesare open for men of 18 to 30,, fromapprentice seaman to yoeman. Musicians are also needed.j Capt. (Dr.) J. A. Orr, of Paris,who has been in France and England for several months oil specialduty, sent his father, Rev. Dr. B. F.Orr, retired Methodist minister, ofParis, another batch of German hel-ot the big world-war battles. Theletter following the souvenirs indicated that when the letter reachedhim, he (Capt. Orr) would probablybe en route to America. Capt. Orrwas with the Medical Corps in theFifth Battallion, Twenty-Second Engineers, U. S. A.Mr. Newton Mitchell, Superintendent of the Paris Water Co., was ingreat good spirits Wednesday morning. He had just received a telegram, from his son, Corp. Jos. G.Mitchell, stating that he had justlanded in New York, wa in finehealth, and would be home in a veryfew days. Corp. Mitchell has beenon overseas duty in France for overa year, being in the railway branchof the service, with the EngineerCorps. His return safe and soundwill make an eventful day in thelives of his parents, who have beenlooking forward with great eagerness to his home-coming.News has reached Paris of the promotion of Maj. A. J. Skillman, Jr., ofParis, to that of Lieut-Colonel, inthe IT. S. Army, which honor was recently conferred. Lieut.-Col. Skillman is a son of Mr. and Mrs. CharlesM. Skillman, of Paris, recently residents of North Middletown, and is agrandson of Andrew J. Skillman, ofParis, one of the best-known farmersin the county. He was sent to Francein June, 1918, his rise being veryrapid. He was appointed Major, andfrom that to his present rank ofLieut-Colonel, which was conferredon March 6. In a letter to his parents he stated that his army corpswas expected to return home aboutSeptember 1.Private Leo Grosche, formerly ofParis, after fourteen months of hardservice with the Railway SignalCorps of the American ExpeditionaryForces in France, has arrived inParis, Ky., for a visit to his brothers, Joseph, Henry and William Grosche. Private Grosche was musteredout of the service at Camp ZacharyTaylor, and will spend some time inParis in recereation before venturingin active business life again. Hisletters from France published inTHE NEWS were among the most in-tfirfistine: of any we have received andwere greatly enjoyed by our readers.Leo says La Belle Fiance may be afine country to romance aooui, outthat when he got back to the American shores nothing seemed muchbetter to him than the feel of goodAmerican soil under his feet.WOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)FOR GRADUATES.The House of Quality forGraduation Gifts.(tf ) SHIRE & FITHIAN.o-, B-4 P1REInsure withW.O.HHMTON &SON,AgtsCOMMENCEMENT EXERCISES OFTHE PARIS HIGH SCHOOLCommencement exercises of theParis High School will be held inthe High School Auditorium, on Seventh street, in this city, on the evening of Thursday. June 12. at eierhtO'clock. The bacnalanrM-.tA sprmnnwill be deliyered at the Presbyterianchurch on Sunday morning, June 8.No definite announcement can bemade as yet as to who will deliverthe address, as the selection has notbeen made.The Junior Class will erive its annual recepiton to the members of thebe-nior Class on Monday evening,June 9. in the srmnasium of thpschool. Class Day exercises will beneid in the auditorium, beginning ateight o'clock, on Tuesday evening,June 10.For the first time in the historyof the Paris and Bourbon countyschools, joint commencement exercises will be held for the graduates ofthe Grammar Department, at teno'clock on the morning of June 11.All graduates of the Eighth Grade ofthe City School and the students ofthe county schools who have passedthe recent High School entrance examination, will take part, and willreceive diplomas entitling them toenter any High School in the Statewithout further examination.The Stagecrafters, the dramaticsociety of Transylvania University,ofs Lexington, will present the playlet, -stop xnier, wnicn nas wonmuch favorable comment in all the.towns and cities where it has beenpresented this year. The curtainwill rise on the play at eight o'clockin the High School Auditorium, Wednesday evening, June 11.The closing exercises will be heldat eight o'clock, Thursday evening,June 12, in the auditorium of theHigh School, when diplomas will beawarded to the following members ofthe class of 1919: Misses MargaretGriffith, Louise Connell, Lucille Hall,Ruby Elder, Alice Adair, VirginiaDundon, Vallette McClintock, IreneAlexander, Thelma Squires, EdithHarper; Foster Mitchell, EugeneLair, Silas Bedford and Wm. Mclntyre. The complete program for the commencement exercises is as follows:Sunday, June 8, 11 a rnvjBaccalaureate Sermon at PresbyterianChurch.Monday, June 9, 8-11 p. m.Reception.Tuesday, June 11, 10 a. m.Grammar School Graduation TDxercises. Wednesday, June 11, 8 p. m."Stop Thief," to be presented bystudents of Transylvania College.Thursday, June 12, 8 p. m, HighSchool Commencement.Thursday, June 12. Annual Alumni Banquet to be held at CrosdaleInn immediately after the HighSchool ommencement exercises.WE KNOW MWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL PIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE-ABSOLUTELY EAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND TT.TPITTING AETER A PEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BL0CH AND MICHAEL STERNS PINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OP ATX$25.00 to $50.00NOTHING NICER P0R SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INPAKTCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEPARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND PANCY GREENS? SNAPPY STYLES POR THE YOUNG PELLOW PANEL BACK,CLOSE PITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes. 7Manhattan ShirtsStetson fiats9REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMrs. Josie Alexander Endris, ofChicago, sold this week to Mr. andMrs. White Varden, the two-storjrframe residence on Vine street, atprice said to' be about $3,500. The.property is now occupied by Mr. andMrs. Varden.Judge H. Clay Howard purchasedthis week of Hueo Alexander fiveone-story frame rent cottages l onEast Tenth street, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station,for ? 10,0 00. The cottages are alloccupied at present, and are verydesirable properties.Mr. Clifton Dalzell, who recentlypurchased the Maplewood Farm onthe Jackstown pike, from Mr. JohnSauer, has purchased twenty-ilveacres of land near the Maysville pike,belonging to Mr. Steele Marsh, andadjoining the Marsh farm, for about?350 an acre. Mr. Dalzell will joinhis new purchase to the MaplewoodFarm, making a total of about' 250acres in the tract.One of the largest transactions infarming lands in Bourbon county inrecent years took place this weekwhen John Leer sold to James Rallshis farm near Millersburg, locatedon the Jackstown pike, for ?75,000.The farm contains 248 acres, and isknown as the Grimes place. It waspurchased by Mr. Leer last fall from.Mr. Dan Hurst at an amount considerably less than what Mr. Leer received for it.POULTRY AND RABBIT PENCEJUST WHAT YOU NEED.We have a splendid stock of American poultry and rabbit fence. Letus sell you the best poultry fence inthe world; will turn stock; price isright.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.oLETTER PROM ERENCH WAR ORPHAN'S MOTHER.Mr. L. D. Harris has received thefollowing letter of thanks from themother of little Garton Hery, theFrench war orphan he "adopted"some months ago:"Epernay, France."Dear Monsieur: " '"""I am -a little slow in thankingyou for your generosity for sendingthe money to my little boy, Gaston.I nave to woric very, very nara, ,toraise my little boy to be as his father would have liked."Neverthless, your generositywill enable me to raise him, althoughit will be a hard struggle."Again thanking you, I remain;"Yours truly,"WIDOW HERY."L? AGE TWOTHE BOUBBOff NEWS, PAHIS, KESfUiSES -FRIDAY, MAY 30, 191.WHY DOCTORSPRESCRIBE THENEW COILICcdiciiial Virtues Retained and Im.proved Unpleasant and Salivat-ing dualities RemovedNew Variety CalledU "Calotabs."0 all the medicines in the world,doctors prescribe calomel most oftenand depend upon it most universally.g2jre must be a good and sumcie-ntxefison what is it?JC you will study the doctors booksyou -will find that the medical authorities prescribe calomel for almostvry disease. The reason is thatcalomel is the greatest and onlythorough system-purifier. It makestbo liver active, drives out the poisons from the stomach, bowels andkidneys and thereby purifies theblood. Calomel puts the entire systems, in the most favorable conditionfar nature to exercise her recuperative power. That is why he prescribes calomel so often.t (Fhe new kind of calomel, calledVCalotabs," is refined and purifiedfrom all of the nauseating and dangerous qualities of the old style calomel and is rapidly taking its place,for it is more effective than the oldetyie calomel as a liver-cleanser andsytftem-purifier. One Calotab at bedtime, with a swallow of waterthat's all. No salts, no nausea, northo slightest unpleasantness. NextBLorning you awake feeling fine"With, -a hearty appetite for breakfast.3tft what you please. No restrictionsof habit or diet.-Calotabs are sold only in original,sealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Recommended and guaranteed' by druggists everywhere. Yourmoney back" if you are not delighted.(adv)?MILLERSBURGDd You WantTo SaveI " T 1: $10 to $15?fbr ten days we arer offeringYOUNG MEN'SW AIST-LINE SUITSFor$22.505. Ito$25.00- yalue $30.00 to $35.00.SeeWindow and then comeV,ivsYou want some of those 10 c soxat Caldwell's.Mr. W. M. Layson continuesabout the same.Lexington Maid Four at Caldwell's, 24 pounds $1.75.Miss Headley, of Monticello, isthe (guest of Miss Aleta Wilson.Mrs. Mattie Hawes will returnto-day, after a week's visit to relatives at Cincinnati.Miss Aleta Wilson and guest,Miss Headley, visited friends at Winchester, Wednesday.Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball arevisiting their son and daughter, Mr.and Mrs. Clarence Ball, at Louisville.We can fit you in. nice shoes thatcan be purchased cheapr than elsewhere. Examine our stock and youwill buy. R. M. CALDWELL.Mr. and Mrs. William Letton, ofAtlanta, Ga., arrived Wednesday asguests of his mother and sister, Mrs.Jennie Letton, and daughter, MissLeona Letton.Colonel and Mrs. C. M. Best andnephew, Major Harry Roche, willleave Saturday for Atlantic City,Philadelphia, Washington, D. C,New York and Virginia, on theirsummer vacation. They will returnabout August 1st.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. Ihave just purchased a new Landersstitching machine, and am preparedto do all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.(6may-8t) JOE. GREEN.Miss Mary Boston and children,of Midland, Texas, arrived Tuesdayat the home of her sister, Mrs. C. B.Smith. They have come to maketheir home in IMillersburg, and willoccupy a part of the residence of Mrs.Mary L. Hoffman. Mrs. Boston wasformerly Miss Mary Smedley, theyoungest daughter of the late J. G.Smedley. Her early life was spentin Millersburg, and her many friendshere welcome her return.Mr. A. J. Butter, in the seventyfourth year of his age, died Thursdayat 9:00 p. m., after a lingering illness at his home on Vine street. Hehad been in failing health for several months, and for some time hisfamily has realized the end was near.The cause of his death was generaldebility.He had spent the greater part ofhis long and useful life in andaround Millersburg. He was a carpenter ,by--profession, which trade hefollowed, f ram young manhood almostto death. He was a devout memberof the Methodist church, and hadbeen for many years attentive to allhis church duties, and always in. hisaccustomed place, in the church atevery service. He was a life-longattendant of Sunday School, and inhis later years reported to his Sunday School the number of minutesspent each day in Bible and SundaySchool work.When a young man he was unitedin marriage to Miss Elizabeth Hamm.Their married life was happy andtheir union was blest with eightchildren; three sons, W. A. Butlerand Rufus Butler, of Millersburg,and Richard Butler, train dispatcherfor the L. & N. R. R. at Ravenna;five daughters, Misses Sue, Nannie,Lydia, Bessie and Bruce Butler. Hiswife and his youngest daughter, MissBruce Butler, preceeded him to thegrave. He is also survived by onesister, Mrs. Stevens, of New Albany,Indiana.The funeral was held Wednesdayat 2:30 p. m., at his late residence.Services were conducted by his pastor, Rev. J. W. Gardner, of the Methodist church, assisted by Dr. C. C.Fisher, of the M. C, after which theremains were laid to rest by the sideof his wife and daughter in the Millersburg Cemetery. The floral tributes weie numerous and beautiful,which partly attested the high estPPm in which the deceased wereheld. Pall-bearers were as follows:H. D. Jones, A. S. Miller, D. P. Jones,J. F. McDaniel, A. S Best and R. C..Borner.tendance. After a ood musical program, which had ,been one of thecharacteristic features of the occasion since its opening and a littlemiscellaneous business, Hon. GeorgeW. Bain, of Lexington, the renowne'dtemperance orator, delivered a forcible address along the line of W. C.T. U. work. He was at his best andthough older than he once was, hepossesses all the magnetism of formeryears. His address was full ofthought and all who heard him wererepaid for being present. At 10:00 p.m. the convention adjourned, thedelegates leaving for their respectivehomes Thursday morning.SUBSTITUTE TOR TUNGSTENSTEEL.Owing to the acute shortage oftungsten for making high speed steelone of the developments of the warwas the manufacture and successfuluse of an alloy for this purpose,which is without tungsten. Thissteel, high in chrome and cobalt, isnow being used for the fabricationof dies and tools, being offered as asubstitute for both carbon andtungsten high speed tool steel. Thepig metal brought from England ismelted at a Cleveland plant in acrucible and cast in molds in theform desired. The pattern makersmake the same allowances forshrinkage as they do for soft steel.The alloy is being cast into blanking,drawing and forming dies, hot andcold trimmers for forge work, milling cutters, counter sinks, slottingsaws and bending rolls.oABOUT RJEEUMATISMRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. (may-adv)oThe historic battle of Waterloowas begun and finished in eighthours.For Rent.Newly remodeled brick cottage onSixth street. Possession June 1st.(27-2t) D. FELD.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortkeast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY, ,Columbus, Miss.(tilll3june);L Wollstein6$ Main St. Paris, Ky.(may20-4t)HOMEKILLEDMEATSVealBeefLamb' VPorfc' S -It's the Best"To Be Had4!IIPGOLEN'SSalutary Meat MarketThe W. C. T. U. convention ofthe Seventh District, convened atMillersburg, Tuesday night A smallnumber of delegates came in Tuesdayevening, while quite a large number were in attendance on Wednesday, most of them coming and returning the same day. The conventionwas called to order Tuesday at 8:15p m with Mrs. Julia Gunn in thechair. Several short addresses weremade, after the address of welcome,,by Rev. J. W. Gardner, of the Millersburg Methodist church, afterwhich the convention adjoruned until9:30 a. m. Wednesday, at which timeit was again called to order, withMrs. Gunn in the chair. The morning session was taken up with theregular routine of business, the hearing of reports, and of standing andspecial committees. Several important features concerning W. C. T. U.work dere discussed. At noon an adjounrment was taken until 2:00 p.m. A delightful and bountiful lunchwas served by the local chapter tothe visitors and its own members.The early part of the afternoon session was taken up by the regularroutine of business. At 3:30 MissSweeney addressed the convention,subject "With Our Boys in France."She was greeted with a good audience, and delivered a beautiful address, giving an insight into Frenchliving and customs, and a beautifulcomparison between the Americansoldier boy and those of the otherAllies, closing with a beautiful tribute to the American soldier. At theclose of her address the Committee onResolutions made its report. Amongother things reported it asked Congress to not repeal the war measureon wine and beer, as recommendedby President Wilson. A copy of theresolutions were ordered sent to Congressman Cantrill, of the SeventhDistrict Then followed the electionof officers. Owing to the lateness ofthe hour there could be no nominations and the old officers were reelected, by the depositing of one ballot At 4:55 p. m.t the conventionadjourned until 8:i5, at. which timeu wc ae-ain called to order byJtfrs.G'inn. A large audience was in at-J (may23-27-30)Notice to Contractors.May 20, 1919.Sealed bids will be received at theoffice of Pearce Paton, County Clerk,Court House, Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, until 11 o'clock a. m.,JUNE 5, 1919,by the Fiscal Court of BourbonCounty, Ky., for the improvement ofthe Paris-Mt. Sterling Road; ParisCynthiana Road and Paris-Lexington.Road number, 9D1, 9E1, 9H19D1 From the City limits ofParis, Ky.9E1 From the Junction of Parisand Georgetown Road, approximately1 mile from City limits of Paris, Ky.9H1 From the City Limits ofParis, Ky.9D1 Towards North Middletown, adistance of 10 miles.9E1 Towards Cynthiana, a distanceof 5.5 miles.9H1 To Fayette County line, adistance of 7.1 miles a distance ofapproximately 9D1, 10 miles; 9E1,approximaely 9D1, 10 miles; 9E1,5.5 miles; 9H1, 7.1 miles. The improvement will consist of cleaningthe road, furnishing and applying allmaterials and surfacing it to a widthof 9D1, 14 feet; 9E1, 12 feet;9Hl, 16feet; with Bituminous surface treatment, approximate -gal. per squareyard.This work is a State Aid ProjectPlans may be seen and instructions to bidders, specifications andform of proposal secured at the officeof the County Clerk at Paris, Kentucky, and at the office of the Department of Public Roads, Old CapitolBuilding, Frankfort, Kentucky.A certified check payable to theSheriff of Bourbon County, Ky.,equal in round numbers to 5 of thebid, must accompany each proposal.The right to reject any and allbids is reserved.PEARCE PATON,County Clerk, Bourbon County.RODMAN WILEY,Commissioner Public Roads.-. - . - " J- A MK-" r i: 17 x? .wThis is the packagewith the moisture-proofjacket -vnWTkV.that keeps Chesterfield's original flavor andfreshness intact Your Chesterfields neverbecome either soggy or dry. They always reachyou in prime shape for smoking.And, Chesterfields do something for yoursmoke-hunger that you've always wished acigarette would do they "touch the smokespot" they let you know you're smokingthey satisfy" right down to tho ground!If s the blend that does it, and the blendTcan't be copied."Nwn?nAi3i?rrlirriHT Css? M TMMZI JL M. MJof Turkish and Domestic tobaccos blended9 mmmmmmmmmmAPPROXIMATE QUANTITIESWORKOFPARIS AND MT. STERLING ROAD,NO. 9D1.82,130 square yards in job.16,425 squaie yards with gallonapplication; 65,705 square yardswith 1-3 gal. application.1,980 tons of stone chips;30,114 gallons of Bituminous material. 82,130 square yards of surfacecleaning.PARIS AND CYNTHIANA" ROADNO -9E1.38,720 square yards in job.775 tons of Stone chips;19,360 gallons of Bituminous material ;38,720 square yards of surfacecleaning.PARIS AND LEXINGTON ROADNo. 9H1.66,641 square yards in job.1,604 tons of stone chip;33,321 gallons of Bituminous ma-,terial; - s tK66.641 square yards of surfacecleaning. Wrf'' .Executor's SaleThe undersigned Executor of Wm.H. Hughes, deceased, will onSaturday, May 31, 1919beginning at 2 o'clock, p. m., on thepremises, on Thomas avenue, exposeto public sale the following real andpersonal property:FIRST A certain lot of ground witha store house thereon, situated in the City of aris,Kentucky, on Eighth, streetand described as follows:Beginning with James Mc. In tyre's line (on the west)at a margin of the Parisand Georgetown Turnpike(now Eighth Street) ;thence along his line north195 feet to Lilleston's line:thence along said Lilieston's line 40 feet west to acorner with Mary Mangenand then with her linesouth 195 feet to the margin of said turnpike; thencealong the margin of said.turnpike 40 feet to the beginning, being the sameproperty conveyed to Wm.H. Hughes by Louisa Priceand others "by deed of record in the office of theBourbon County Court, inDeed Book 65 page 537.SECOND (Lot A) Also a certain lotof ground with a four-roomhouse and store-room, there-1on, fronting on Thomasavenue 60 feet, more orless, and extending back 78feet, v more or less, on eitherside to the line of small lotin rear, and being 47 feet,5 inches, more or less inthe rear.- vJLot B) Also a cenrtain lotwith house thereon fronting on Hanson street 34feet, and extending back 47feet, 5 inches, more or lesson one side, and 45 feet,i more or less, on the otherside to Hawkins' lot in the'' J rear, and being 40 feet, 9inches, more or less, in therear. ,The above two lotsv is the sameproperty conveyed to Wm. H. Hughesby Sherman Coleman by deed of record in said office in Deed Book 99,page 373.Lots A and B last above describedwill first be offered separately andthen as a whole, and the bid or bidsaggregating the most money will beaccepted.The undersigned will, at the sametime and place, expose to public salea lot of household and kitchen furniture and other personal property.TERMS The sale of the real estate will be made upon the followingterms: One-third cash, one-third insix months and the remaining onethird in twelve months from date ofsale, the purchaser to give bond withgood surety to be approved of by theExecutor, and lien to be reserved indeed; said bonds to bear interestfrom date of sale at the rate of 6per annum.The personal property will be soldfor casfa.The Executor reserves the right toreject any or all bids.GREEN P. HUGHES,Executor of Wm. H. Hughes.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(9-16-23-30)Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTHattie Hill Dudley, &c. . .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale,Frances Hedges Dudley, &cDefendantAuto For SaleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster, good as new. Will demonstrateit. Call Cumberland Phone 552.(13-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.The J. W. BrownRealty Co.Masonic Temnle. 211 Main Street,Paris. Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us.Call on us if you have anything to dispose oil at Public Auction.E. f. Phone 831. (vtpUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term. 1918. of the "RonrhonI Circuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner onMonday, June 2, 1919,will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder at the frontdoor of the Court House in Paris,Kentucky, at about the hour of 11. o'clock a. m., the following describedA certain parcel of land situated on Seventh street, inParis, Bourbon County, Kentucky, beginning at a stone fivefeet east of the set-off in the lineof Mary F. Hedges; and runningwith Seventh street, towardsPleasant street, seventy-five feetto a stone; then, at right angleswith Seventh street eight polesto the lot of George Alexander(now Hancock) ; then with hisline towards the Louisville &Nashville Railroad seventy-fivefeet; then at right angles with,the said Alexander lot eightpoles to the beginning, and being a house and lot in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and tyelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute two bonds with goodand approved surety for equal partsof the purchase money due six andtwelve months from date of sale respectively and hearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effect ofjudgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.0. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.(maylS-23-30) -FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1919.THE BOTJEBOH HEWS, PAXIS, KEHOTCKYflGXSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurMumiiiiiiHiiHiHiiimimMiiiiiiimiiiiiiiMiiBitter or Better BakingA letter makes a great difference in a. word. A word makes a great differencein baking powders.If the little word "alum" appears onthe label it may mean bitter baking.If the word ROYAL stands out boldand strong, it surely means BETTERbaking.rhis is only one reason why it paysto useMm PowderAbsolutely PureMade from Cream of Tartar derived from grapesRoyal Contains Mo AlumLeaves Mo Bitter Tasteft at vB b WK 'CVIBHtin fidI 1V f ' w, ..!,&, O.UUElsewhere.w-'.M"FATHER'S BAY" OBSERVED ATTHE BiPXIST CHNHCH.The announcement that "Fathers'Day" would be observed at the Baptist Church, last Sunday, May 25,attracted a large attendance both atSunday School and at the churchservice.3 After ?the lesson period in theschool, a very entertaining programof musical numbers and recitationwas rendered. Mr. J. T. Tucker,superintendent of the school presided, opening the exercises with a cordial welcome to the fathers who werepresent, occupying the space reserved for them.Bright spring flowers were usedto decorate thf -nnlnit. cmH Mvc T" .T""X"' --. .. . iW. Spicer presided at the piano and Las the Jews of ancient times were m-Miss Patsy Clark at the organ. The structed to erect battlements on theirfollowing program was given: , housetops as physical safeguardsRecitation "A Dream of Fathers' , suggesting as the modern battleDay" Roy Patterson. iments, (1) The recognition of God;Song-"Have for a Father, Some-' If) -Jyer: (3) Knowledge of thewhere To-day?" T. W. Spicer. ?Slei4LI?"Ceof iS;d -4. . urn. i m i (5) Tne recognition of parental au-Becitation "Chorus" Dick Tuck- thority, and (6) Personal character.er The sermon abounded in practicalViolin Solo Thos Spicer. suggestions and advice, and wasSong "My Father's Honored t heard with profound attention andName" Men and $oys oi rne oun-. interest.dav School.At the regular morning service,Rev. M. T. Rankin, of Louisville, whoThe announcement was made thatRev. Goldsmith will return this weekfrom a Louisville hospital where hehas supplied the pulpit for four Sun- has been under treatment for severaldays during the absence oi xne pas- weens, ana win occupy nis puiprc ontor, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, preached Sunday morning and evening,a sermon appropriate to the occasion, Also, that the revival services,using for his text Deut. VIII, 22, and which have been in contemplation forexhorted fathers to i build "Battle-1 several months, will begin Mondayments" about their homes for the evening, June 2. Rev. B. B. Bailey,spiritual protection of their children of Maysyile, will conduct the seriesISf Tfif?iwi 4-r ITrTtCsftlt 4V r irnTni.llncordially invited.lft:SkgI1yUJ9tL-gS3KEEP COOL!Have You Seen Our Assortment ofWESTINGHOUSEFANStAll sizes and prices. The little individual bedraomfans are almost Endlspensible and they don't cost Mucheither.BT. W.314 Main Si.SPICERParis, KentuckySCHEDULE OF FINAL "EXAMS"AT PARIS HIGH SCHOOL.ZZxUEEEIE-Filinrria. m.a.IICTILIMIIsJRENGO'SCIT i'No reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this"portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO..mThe Paris High School announcesthe following schedule for the finalschool examinations to be held fromSaturday, May 31 through Saturday,June 7.Freshman Examination Schedule.Monday, June 2, at 8 a. m. English. Tuesday, June 3. at 8 a. m. Latin.I Tuesday, June 3, at 1 p. m. Latin,A."Wednesday, June 4. at 8 a. m.Physical Greorgraphy.Thursdav. .Tnrm fi. nt. S n Algebra, B. '"Thursday, June 5, at 1 p. m. Algebra, A.Friday, June 6, at 8 a. mTtory.Sophomore Examination Schedule.Saturday, May 31, at 8 a. m. Algebra. . Monday, June 2, at 8 a. m. History.' Tuesday, June 3, at 8 a. m. English.Thursday, June 5, at 8Ceasar.Friday, June 6, at 8bcience.Saturday, June 7, at 8 a. m..Latm, 1.Junior Examination Schedule.Monday, June 2, at 8 a. m. Physics. Wednesday, June 4, at 8 a. m.English.inursaay, June t, at b aFrench.Friday, June 6 at 8 a.Cicero.Saturday, June 7, at 8Mathematics.Senior Examination Schedule.Monday, June 2, at 8 a. m. Chemistry. "Wednesday, June 4, at 8 a. m.Virgil.Thursday, June 5, at 8 a. r.i.French.Friday, June 6, at 8 a. m. English.oaturaay, dune v, at a.Mathematics.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure "withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions . and therefore requiresconstitutionalr treatment. Hall's' Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by P.J. Cheney &- Co., Toledo, Ohio,- is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills - for constipation. '- r i vMiss Lina Crowe is visiting hersister, Mrs. C. A. Bass, at Sterns. Kv.Mrs. Jimmie Wfaaley and son tifra nrii-o,j-.-. i?i o i i a. . rv- 6UCOU1 ui j-rieiius ana relatives in mCovington. 1Mrs. J. T. McGrath, of Harrods-1 1uuls. isa guest or ner daughter, Mrs.'.uuis xiiiieston.Mrs. Bessie Williams, of Cleveland, Ohio, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. LaFay Longo.Miss Mary Rourke has returnedfrom a three-weeks' visit to friendsin Liberty, Indiana.Mrs. Janie Cree Ro3e has returned to her home in Louisville, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clarke.Miss Clara Bacon has returnedfrom a visit to her brother, Mr. Warren Bacon, in Prairieville, Alabama.Mr. Robert Woods, of Toledo.Ohio, is visiting his parents, Mr. andihos. Woods, on South Clifton avenue, in this city.Mrs. Fred Smith and little son,Ezra, of Pleasant Lake, Indiana, arevisiting at the home of Mrs. HarlanSnapp, near Paris.Mr. S. S. Brown, of Detroit,Mich., is a guest of his daughter,Mrs. Henry J. Grosche, and Mr. Grosche, in this city.Mrs. Charles P. Cook has returned from a Louisville hospital, whereshe has been upnder medical treatment for some time.Miss Margaret Trotter, the attractive guest of Miss Ruby JaneHouston, has returned to her homeat Pine Bluff, Arkansas.Mrs. J. U. Boardman left Tuesday for a two-months' visit to herson, Mr. Offutt Boardman, and Mrs.Louis Earlywine, in Chicago.Mis. Percy Reid, of Richmond,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. MaryA. Paton, and her brother, CountyClerk Pearce Paton, and family.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ring, ofFleming county, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Richards, -at theirhome on the Clintonville pike, neartihis city.Mr. Russell Frank, who has beenattending school at the Kentucky IMilitary Institute, near Lyndon,Ky., has arrived to spend the summervacation with relatives in this city.Dr. and Mrs. A. M. Cook haveI returned to their home in Scranton,Pa., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. C.P. Cook, in this city, and Dr. andMrs. A. G. Cook, in North Middletown. Miss Tillie Jaynes has returnedfrom Tampa, Florida, where shespent the winter with Mr. and Mrs.Merideth. Mrs. Meredith, as MissSallie Richardson, was a member ofthe Paris City School faculty manyyears ago.Stanford Interior-Journal : "Dr.W. E. Ellis, of Paris, arrived Mondayafternoon to spend a few days withMessrs. Robert T. Bruce and J. L.Beazley and their families. Dr. Ellisis very popular here, where he liveda number of years as pastor of theChristian church., and his manyfriends are delighted to see himagain."-Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, who underwent an operation for appendicitis at the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, Sunday, is gettingalong very nicely, "according to reports leceived here yesterday. During her absence her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. H. Farris, of Flemingsburg,are at her home in this city.IIiav 'si-TBti 'Xairea jzuaia ijgo to Lexington to-day to participatein the G. A. R. Memorial Day exercises, at which Gen. Warren Keifer,of Ohio, will make the principal address. He will visit in Frankfort,Ky., and in Jeffersonville, Ind., andfrom there to the home of his son,Building Inspector S. B. Dailey, inCovington, returning to Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5)The J. T. Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay- phone 36Night : . - 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our X-I'-li''I"H"I"Ii'H"I"Ii'H-4i'M"I"M"I"I"I"I"I"l"I'l"I-i'l 1 1 IHX!-m m m m I.. m m - . . . at m m m a i m m a -Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh Streeti in iw. WWiwppjIl!!- (?.' "' y . '"fiBW.r.?--' tr-Jl- sasassr?v5-3?asJ - n r ij1IXIXIiSATISFACTION IIOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliances5211 and expert helpers we areprepared to do work mi e--. nor to none, ana solicityour patronage.IXIXIiThe Bourbon LaundrjrParis, KentuckyCAHAL BROS.BAHBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSF&flBsJOiieBrgjBurbriPoottry'nfM;3qwb dacVf fr'gfjTTRPfCand prevents whiteliAdiarrB6a. cholera i' otner himi diseases. Ona 60e? bSkle jnakea Jgallon of mediciaPint bettMbdrugirtets, or tent byail posta3LBourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky-a.I-MMMM,.MM.,M..MMMMM.,-,M-------,. .- ; ; 'His- ----------.llll ilflrIII BsnIII"'-'III I IU BIII h nil1MBB 111 lm re m m lnll"tT--rA M HIm. III irrFv(Hfct "r UftliIII HI111 VIIII Wu 'I i Bill i mm. Ill J ! 01m. ! ' l ' mIII IPIill mIII . M-BIII "'" H r---v - fli - -- , ,4"'in. ' HlBV Bl HI MB b Bi B -.III 1 - VSZS-1 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. j . ' p iI f ' 'Z I 'HI " v-'111 HffMLIII v Hi111 r -"'"'' MlIII ' IHIII HiMIII IHHc 'III bIhbIIII wvBBHI m --. ?BBP- AVPAGE P0UTHE BOURBON 'UEWS, PAEIS, XEHTGCKTFRIDAY, MAY 36, 1919.eiy- i(U(MnIH'IJillJl:fTOFVE HEAED THE SAYING, "INTHE TALL GRASS"?There's a competition evidentlygoing on among certain agriculturists in certain parts of the State asto who will raise the tallest stalksof bluegrass.Sometime ago an Iowa farmer stated in a farmer's journal that he hadraised bluegrass on his place whichmeasured thirty-seven inches inheight, which he considered to be arecord-breaker.A Bourbon county farmer recently"brought to the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.'s office a halfdozen stalks of bluegrass grown onthe W. O. Shropshire farm on theGano Hill pike, near Centerville,hich measured fifty inches inheight. The stalks are now on exhibition in the window of the Lexington Herald branch office, on Mainstreet.The Mt." Sterling correspondent ofthe Lexington Herald gets into thecompetition with the following yesterday: "For the tallest bluegrass eversrown Andv Wills, of this county.has the record, having brought in 'some grass stalks that measure 55inches. It is on display in the Advocate office windows, and is attracting much attention from farmers andothers."The Cynthiana Democrat comesinto the game by throwing in thisone:"Ezra McCauley almost equalledT. T. Garnett's Missouri bluegrassrecord, as mentioned in THE Democrat last week. He brought to thisoffice Saturday a bunch grown on hisplace that measured 4 feet 4 inchesin height."Editor Hiram Duley, of the Flemingsburg Times-Democrat, had evidently heard something about "tall Igrass, too. He comes in with thefollowing contribution: "Flemingcounty does not take a back seat forany of them, whether they hail fromIowa or from the hub of the bluegrass about Lexington. Tuesdaymorning Henry S. Howe, of Elizaville, brought in samples of his bluegrass measuring 45 inches in length,and they can now be seen hangingin our office."oGIVE THE HOME A 3EAUTIEULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHPURNITURE.WOMAN'S WORK DIRECTOR RECEIVES COMMENDATORYLETTER.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporch a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.With the cessation of work in thebasement of the court thouse and thenecessity for further Red Cross sewing, the quarters have been abandoned and silence reigns supreme wherefor many weeks was heard the humof the machines and the click of theneedles. The following commendatory letter was received recently byMrs. Owen L. Davis, Director of Womans Work of the local Red CrossChapter, from the Lake Division ofthe American Red Cross at Cleveland,Ohio:"Mrs. Owen L. Davis, Paris, Ky."My Dear Mrs. Davis: I assureyou that you have an honorable discharge from this office. It is withregret that I give it, but I realizethat your long and faithful servicemerits the same."You will be pleased to know thatKentucky has gone over the top because the directors of women's workhave heard the call and respondednobly. We have finished 82,000 garments, which have been cut, assembled, shipped to Kentucky, made andreshipped since March 1. In additionto these 10,000 were made out ofthe material in the hands of theChapters. I think this is a verywonderful record and I am veryproud of both the results and thewomen who have made them possible. I was very grateful indeed toknow that you had responded toMillersburg's call."Thanking you most sincerely foryour loyal support, and hoping thatI may have the pleasure of meetingyou many times in the near future,I am,"Cordially yours,"LIDIA HAFFORD,"Executive Secretary for Kentucky."As director of the work in thiscity Mrs. Davis was assisted by MissLillie Williams, Mrs. John Kiser,Mrs. Ollie Marshall, Mrs. Robert Meteer, Miss Annie Megee and Mrs. H.Clay Howard, the latter being Chairman of the Surgical Dressings Department. The receipts of the ParisRed Cross Chapter since July 7,1918 aggregated the sum of $12,853.04. The Home Service Department of the Chapter in the BourbonAgricultural Bank building, at thecorner of Main and Broadway, willremain open indefinitely, being incharge of Miss Macie Talbott.MR. FARMERS, ATTENTIONYour sows and pigs need Rapier'sPig Meal right now. Makes hogs outof pigs quickly. See(27-2t) W. C. DODSON.City licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will scon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)I. O. 0. P. OFFICERS "JEWELED."At the recent session of the GrandEncampment of Kentucky, I. 0 O. F.,held in Providence, Mr. Perry J. McCord, of Paris, the retiring GrandPatriarch, was awarded a handsomePast Grand Patriarch's jewel. Ajewel was also presented to SeniorPast Grand Patriarch R. G. Elliott,of Lexington.By a resolution, adopted someyears ago, it is the duty of the GrandScribe to present a Past Grand Patriarch's jewel to the retiring GrandPatriarch, and to one Past GrandPatriarch who had served as GrandPatriarch before the decision wasmade to award these jewels.The Grand Scribe, who is a PastGrand Patriarch, was the lucky senior this year, and was, therefore, required to present the jewel to himself, which he did with a neat andappropriate speech.TRANSFERS U. S. S. DUTIESOwing to a press of importantbusiness matters in which he is vitally interested, and which requirehis undivided attention, Mr. Silas E.Bedford, President of the Deposit-PeoplesBank & Trust Co., ofParis, has declined to act further asChairman of the War Savings Stampfund campaign. Postmaster J. Walter Payne has been named by theGovernment authorities as his successor. During the campaign Mr. Bedford,in the capacity of Chairman, gavemuch valuable assistance to the workand by his good business judgmentin financial affairs, led the waythrough many difficult situations.ADD BEDFORD RESIGNSWar Savings Stamps will be onsale at the pastoffice. Those whopurchased stamps of the 1918 issuecan purchase of of the 1919 issue upto $1,000 'for each member of thefamily. The sale of stamps has already assumed considerable proportions. oGIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHFURNITURE.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporch a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.oYOUNG PEOPLE TO PRESENTLITTLE COMEDY"Uncle Josh," said to one of themost amusing little comedies everwritten for the amateur, will be presented at the Little Rock Christianchurch, to-morrow (Saturday) night,at 8:15 o'clock. An admissioncharge of 25 cents will be made, theproceeds to be used for the benefit ofthe church.CONFEDERATE DECORATION DAYEXERCISES ON JUNE 3.The members of John H. MorganCamp, United Confederate Veterans,and the Richard Hawes Chapter,United Daughters of Confederacy,are asked to meet in the Confederateroom in the court house, at threeo'clock, Tuesday afternoon, June 3.Next Tuesday will be the annualobservance of Jefferson Davis' birthday, which has been made also theannual Confederate Decoration Day.On Tuesday afternoon a short program' of exercises in honor of theday, which is one sacred to thehearts of all Southern people.At the conclusion of these exercises the veterans and their hosts willpioceed to the Paris Cemetery, wherethe graves of the Confederate deadwill be decorated, and short exercises held.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNZ.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.STOLE BICYCLE, IS CHARGEWill Clark, colored, eighteen,claiming Paris as his home, was arrested in Lexington, Tuesday nightby Patrolmen Withers and Robertson, on a charge of grand larceny.Clark is alleged to have stolen abicycle from C. P. Ross."UNCLE BILL" SCHOOLER TOUTED FOR OFFICE.The Mt. Sterling Gazette says:"Wiil F. Schooler, better known as'Uncle Bill,' editor and publisherof the Somerest Commonwealth, wasa member of the Pulaski delegationat the State Convention in Lexingtonlast week. 'Uncle Bill's' friends aretouting him as a candidate for the 'Republican nomination for RailroadCommissioner in the Second District,which is very close. Mr. Schooler isa former Mt. Sterling man and hisnomination would be a complimentto the Republican press of Kentuckywhich has received few honors atthe hands of the party."INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)ASK FOR RITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.-RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)oSTILL IN HARNESS.Prof. Albert H. Morehead, formerlyof Paris, and "Gov." Bowen, equallyas well-known as a musician andminstrel man, have been engaged tosupervise and rehearse the principalsand other participants for an amateur minstrel performance to begiven by the Georgetown CollegeClub about June 20. All the best talent in Scott county has been roundedup for the cast.oCity licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)RVBig SpringValuesGinghams, values up to 35c, go at 20c yardPercale at 20cyardVoiles at , 15c yardNainsook, 50c values, at 39c yardOuting cloth at " 1 9c yardBest Bed Ticking that sold at 75c goes at. . .49c yardAll Dry Goods at Way Below CostFor 10 Days Only.I Am Going to Sell Out My China andGranite Ware at Costand now is your chance to get some good values. Alsoall LEATHER GOODS, such as Pocketbooks, go at COST.Don't miss this sale, as we will save you money on lotsof things you have to have.CHILDREN'S DRESSES AT COSTLadies' Shirtwaists Go the Same WayThis Sale Starts Saturday, May 31Be On Hand EarlyRemember, All Dry Goods at Cost.PARIS RACKET STOREMaMMflMUMMiAV,aUttiAnnouncementThe Lane Oil Company(INCORPORATED)IS-1 'J J We have acquired a 75-acre lease adjoining the Sallie Davis lease of the Batcheior Oil Company, on Hellreek, in Lee County.v There is one good producing well on this property at the present time, and the lease is surrounded by goodproducers. Those just below us on Hell Creek are doing one hundred barrels per day.! This is the class of property THE LANE OIL COMPANY owns and is going to drill wells on.I A Small Amount of Stock at 10c Per Sharei Try to Get In!ftc, OFFICERS;N. B. Moss, President 0. T. Hinton, General CounselMatt Lair, Vice President John Yerkes, Sec. and Treas..DIRECTORSN. B. Moss Matt LairJohn Yerkes . ,,,. , George BattertonG. K Kennedy, Carlisle, Ky. Mr. Neal, Carlisle, Ky.0 T. HintonU. M. Swinford,Carlisle, KyLANEOILz(Incorporated.)COMPANYVN. B. MOSS, PresidentCare Hinton, Bradley & BradleyParis, Kentucky-.FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1919.THE BOtJBBON HEWS, PATO, JUIHTIICE?flGIIITlCOR THE BESTwotting ctseGRADUATION GIFTS.Snappy and attractive graduationgifts.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.. oSUMMER UNION SUITSoThe kind that fit every figure$1.50 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.S-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.SOCIAL AMD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.30URB0N CIRCUIT COURTFriday, June 6, will be the lastday for filing suit for the June termof the Bourbon Circuit Court, whichbegins on June 16. A large numberof cases have already been filed.oWOODMAN MEETINGThe Woodman Lodge will hold acalled meeting at their lodge roomto-night (Friday) May 30. Businessof importance to be transacted.Every member requested to be present. oMUSIC RECITALSTwo recitals will be given by themusic class of Mrs. E. D. Giltner, inthe Chapel of the Paris City Schoolto-day. One will be given at 4:30 inthe afternoon, and the other at 8:00in the evening. Thep ublic is cordially invited to attend.o-FARMERS, READ THIS LIST WEWILL SAVE YOU MONEYBinder Twine; Screen Doors, allsizes; Belting; Faints; Oils; Harness; Saddles of all kinds and makes.(30-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.oGET $1,000.00 EASY.It is said that the first $1,000 isalways hard to get, but if you willtake ten shares of our stock, whichrequires a payment of only 2.50 perweek, you will get that $1,000 easyand hardly know how you got it.Our new series opens Saturday,June 7 th.BOURBON BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER,Secretary(30-2t)oPOSTAL CI&B&S GET INCREASE.In accordance with a new rulingwhich goes into effect July 1 theclerks in the Paris postoffice will receive an advance in salary amounting to $100 per year. The clerkswill now make from $1,100 a yearfor the beginners to $1,500 a yearfor those who lave been in the service for a number of years.oFEBELESS GAS RANGES.Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb wasa business visitor in Lauisville thisweek.Mr. James M. O'Brien has returned from a business trip to Louisville. Rev. W. B. Hall, of Eminence,was called here yesterday by the illness of his mother.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Laughlin have returned to Lexington aftera visit to relatives in Paris.Miss Margaret Ardery has returned to her home in this city, after a visit to friends in Danville.Mr. and Mrs. Luther Redmonand family have returned to Mt. Sterling, after a visit to friends in thiscity.Mr. Ben Orr has returned to theUniversity of Kentucky after a visitto his father, Dr. B. F. Orr, onStoner avenue.Mrs. Wallace Carter, of SouthMain street, is under treatment in aLexington hospital, where she recently underwent an operation forappendicitis.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Oldson, ofOldham county, are guests of friendsand relatives in North Middletown,their old home.Miss Genevieve Molloy has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChampe, on Pleasant street.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"James and John Sweeney, of Lexington and Paris, respectively, werehere Monday for their first visit innineteen years."Mr. and Mrs. Wellische Smithand little daughter, Miss Mildred,will arrive from Louisville to-day tospend the week-end as guests of MissClara Bacon, on Cypress street.Mrs. George Hamilton, wTho hasbeen a guest of her mother, Mrs.John S. Sweeney, on Higgins avenue,for several days, left yesterday forher "home in Two Rivers, Wis.Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Clay, ofParis, have been the guests of Mrs.Clay's grandmother, Mrs. Jane Buchanan, at Crab Orchard. Mrs. Claywas before her marriage Miss JaneAddams, of Frankfort.Mrs. Hattie Howard and Mrs.Jimmie Whaley were recent visitorsin Cincinnati. They were accompanied by Mrs. Howard's daughter,Miss Kate Howard, who went to Lebanon, Ohio, for a visit to her sister,Mrs. E. D. Thompson.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. W. S. Dale, Jr., of Paris, werehere Tuesday on business. Mr. Daleis prospering in the capitol of Bourbon, a splendid city, he declares.He is about to begin the building ofa new residence, a sure evidence ofprosperity."' Let us show you the five big pointsin the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display.(30-8tl JOHN MERRINGER.oWE KNOW.?RtiW4The address to the members ofthe graduating class of the preparatory department of the KentuckyWesleyan College at Winchester willbe delivered in the college chapel tomorrow (Saturday) evening, May 31,by Rev. Gilbert R. Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church.Mrs. Thomas Mahar and sisterhave returned from Martinsville, Indiana, where the former went fortreatment for rheumatism. They report Mr. James Higgins, of Paris, -asbeing able to go around on crutches,and that he is of a very cheerful disposition, and doing very well, allthings considered.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mrs. Kate Eginton and Mrs. LouisWhitehead passed through here Monday on their way to Washington, after a visit to Paris. . . .John B.Mackey and wife, of Cincinnati,Robert Shay and wife, of Paris, Mr.gam Shay and wife, of Paris, spentSunday with. Mrs. Fitzgerald."Mrs, Bettie Campbell, the venerable mother of Mrs. Chas. P. Mann,celebrated the seventy-eighth anniversary of her birth Wednesday. Inhonor of the event Mrs. Mann gavea dining at her home in the Pinecrest apartments, at which the following relatives were guests: Mrs.Thomas Davis, of Winchester; Mrs.Charles Linville, of Carlisle; Mrs.Thomas McCray, of North Middletown: Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. MannJ and Mrs, Campbell, of Paris.WANTS DIVORCE FROM WIFEAND RETURN OF LAND.Mr. Lyle Jacoby, well-known farmer of the Hutchison precinct, filed asuit in the Bourbon Circuit Court.Wednesday afternoon, asking for divorce from his wife. Emma Isariere:Jacoby, and the return to him ofBourbon county land valued at about$25,000, which he had deeded to hershortly after their marriage.The petition states that they weremarried in October, 1886, and separated in August, 1916. The plaintiffwas a farmer and stock raiser, anddeeded to his wife his one-half interest in .his farm, the other one-halfbeing owned by his brother. Thebrother's half finally came into thepossession of his wife, he states, andadds that the only consideration hehad for deeding his property to herwas love and affection.A BEAUTIFUL STOCK.Our stock of graduating gifts iscomplete.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.ioJOHN DEERE BINDERS.If you want the best and strongestbinder made, buy a John Deere. Wesave you money on refrigerators,lawn mowers, paints and varnishes.(30-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.oTWO IN TOILS OF THE LAW.Chief of Police Fred Link arresteda white boy named Charles Riggs,who has been chauffeur for Miss Letitia Clay, of this county, chargedwith having cashed two checks, onefor $40 and the other for $35, at theFirst National Bank, in this city,purporting to have been signed oyhis employer, but which were afterguards found to be cleyer forgeries.John Morrison, a young white man,charged with taking the automobileof Mr. Roy Batterton, indulging ina joy ride, and finally abandoningthe machine on the Georgetown pike,near this city, was given a hearingbefore Magistrate L. J. Fretwell andheld in the sum of $300 bond toanswer to the grand jury at the Juneterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court.WOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)r. 0GIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHFURNITURELet us make your gift suggestion.30-tf THE A. J. WINTERS CO.JV e sTW -?ALL READY TO SUPPLY Y0tf;FIELD, POULTRY ANDRABBIT PENCEWe have received a large shipmentof American Field poultry and rabbitfence. Why not get the best? It isthe cheapest,(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.PARISIANS AFLY PQft PATENT. I Mrs.' J. 6. Marshall gave a de-on Second street Wednesday. A largenumber of guests partook o the hospitality of the hostess for the afternoon. Among tune ouiui-wwu 6uttoMr. Claude Redmon, proprietor ofthe Chevrolet Garage, of Paris, andhis sons, C. G., L. K. and J. T. Redmon, motor experts, have filed plansand specifications and applied for apatent on an improved automobiledrive shaft and ignition system.According to the inventors the system has been successfully tried out atthe Chevrolet Garage, and it is expected to be a valuable system forautos, when its successful application in a mechanical way has beendemonstrated.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money. on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporch a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.oWIM& MWZ BROKEN.Swift McGoldrich, Chief of theParis Fire Department, suffered abroken collar bone yesterday afternoon, wmie assisting umcer GeorgeHill in rounding up some stray stockin the White Addition. A call wassent to police headquarters that anumber of ponies were running looseand damaging flower beds and gardens. Officer Hill and Chief McGoldrick went to the scene in the patrol wagon. McGoldrick caught twoof the ponies by their halters, andthey began to run, throwing him violently against a telephone pole, andfracturing the shoulder bone.Ford For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for caBh it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.FoundKl!K!XJiXEHSPECIAL SALEFOR THIS WEEKIII $2.50 Children's Dresses atChildren's Dresses$2.19$2.98 Children's Dresses at $2.48$3.50 Children's Dresses at $2-98$4.98 Children's Dresses at $448$5.98 Children's Dresses at $5.48HatsUp to $7.50 Values$398Latest Creations in Ladies' DressesFor This Week Only$2475HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.J.S.:iyiXHK&'iHUWJMMTO-DAY IEGAL HOLIDAY; OST-OEEECE AKD BANKS lbiiUTo-davC Friday, May 30, being alegal an'd National holiday, the Parispostoffice, as well as the banks, willbe closed in observance of the day,Decoration Day.The postoffice will be- closed except from 11:30 to 12:30 noon, tohand out "mail. Rural mail carrierswill also be at the windows to distribute mail to patrons on theirroutes. No business will te transacted in the registry and money order divisions. No deliveries in thecity or rural mail carrier routes. Onecollection of mail at 4:00 p. m.YOTJR ATTENTI0K,PEEASB.Probably when you started out topay for your Liberty Bond on the installment Plan you said to yourself,"Will I ever get through paying on&Vl By paying weekly you beginsystematic savins : now that youhave your bond almost paid for, whynot join our new series, which opensSaturday, June 7 th.BOURBON BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.H. A. POWER,. President, t ,"WILL S. ARNSPARGER.Secretary30-2t) ,were the following from CynthianaMrs. James J. 5urle, Mrs. J. T. Wilson, Mrs. W, R. Curie, Mrs. WallaceEmbry, Mrs. Russell V. Bishop, Mrs.Chas. KsRobinson, Mrs. H. F. Wilson, Mrs. Hanson Peterson, Mrs. JohnWbddhead and Mrs. S. F. Musselman.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary of the Methodist Church Sulk;day School work, and State President of the Enworth. League, leftTuesday for Columbus, Ohio, to attend a gathering of leaders of theCentenary movement of the Methodist church, to formulate publicitynlans for the celebration of Methodistmissions from June u w J"Notables of the Methodist churchfrnm everv State in the Union, andprominent public men will take partin the proceedings.THE NEWS received a postcardfrom Mr. Ewell Renaker, who is atHot Springs, Ark., for an extendedstay. Mr. Renaker states that he isgetting along -nicely and enjoying hisstay. He and Mr. Samuel Clay, ofBourbon, are guests at The Marquette Hotel. Mr. Renaker stated inin-o mrd that the arrival of THENEWS was a signal for a scramble,as he and Mr. Clay both read everyline in it He added: "This is thegreatest place on earth for restoringhealth. Get yourself together, comeHnwn and see us. It will do yougood."COther Personal on Page 3.)oFOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty novelty foods for graduation. ' "(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.Found, on streets of Paris, a ladies'hrooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forhic n river tiRement. Enquire atNEWS office.Sweet Potato PlantsFresh out of our own bed.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.For 2 Weeks OnlyBig Assortment of NiceFURNITUREIce Boxes, Rugs, Binins Room Sets,Davenports, Bavenettes, Lookingfilnecpc Pictures. Stoves, Porch Settees, Chairs, Rockers, Morns ChairsSide Boards, Organs, Piano. A lotof Children's Bresses.All must he sold regardless ofvalue.These goods mil he on sale at sureenough hargain prices, plainly marked on each article, at the lare storeToom next door to Haras & Bale srestaurant.Call at THE BUSY BEE CASESTORE for key.The prices will sell you the goodswithout a salesman.(30may3t) , JmI !I !- - K ---- j .. j.5 v j1 v Mrs. Hornelover says! ,, 'A ,-.1 1 :I . x . THE J. T. HINTON QQ, -:, ;4 jjj has the most complete stock , j " j- .IS from which to get your ? !I . Furniture, Rugs, Linoleums,g Phongraphs and Wall Paper S j3 - J and that they save you 5 ' 'S llll mnnftv. She will tell vnu Hm jijj some more next issue. ' B1 III HEi K B1 .. . -l.v- '- - .. "" -" I Bi1 ..... - , M4 '- - -I THE J. T. HINTON CO.I1 MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKING Bai r m.F-mm mmm imir77 -"-. & .a-v m m. i M". k. a .. - - -, hb im nrrcvi iii v 7i. Arii m mjm. iixj fc ? m .m - - - ---1 7i -.&AI h,1IHBMIB JAGE SIX r''5Tr ww yaiTHE BOTJltBOJff BTEWS, PAEIS KEKTCCKTx FRIDAY, MAY 30, 191S.jjIT'S NOT YOURIT'SKidney disease is no respecter of persons. A majority of the ills afflictingpeople today can be traced back tokidney trouble.The kidneys are the most importantrg&ns of the body. They are thelllterers, the purifiers, of your blood.Kidney disease is usually indicated by"Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,t&espondency, backache, stomach trouble, pain in loins and lower abdomen,gall stones, gravel, rheumatism, sciaticaad lumbago.All these derangements are nature'ssignals to warn you that the kidneysseed help. You should use GOLDMEDAL. Haarlem Oil Capsules immeBLACKBERRY PROSPECTSPROMISING.Reports from every section of Kentucky show that there will be a record-breakingcrop of blackberriesthis year. Last year there were nonerries and the bulk of the busheswere killed down to the ground bythe severe winter. But now thebushes have put out again and theyare loaded with blooms and smallberries as they were never known tobe loaded before. Blackberries arealways in demand, but with the highcost of everything else, blackberryhunting promises to be in high favor this summer with all classes.SI01CH UPSH?Get at the Real Cause Take Dr.Edwards Olive TabletsThat's what thousands cf stomachsufferers are doing now. Instead oftaking tonics, cr trying to patch up apoor digestion, they are attacking thereal cause of the ailment-- clogged liverand disordered bowels.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets arouse theliver in a soothing, healing way. Whenthe liver and bowels are perfcrniing theirnatural functions, away goes indigestionand stomach troubles.If you &ave a bad taste in yourmouth, tongue coated, appetite poor,lazy, don't-care feeling, no ambition orenergy, troubled with undigested foods,you should take Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are apurely vegetable compound mixed witholive oil. You will know them- by theirolive color. They do the wcrk withoutgriping, cramps or pain.Take one or two at bedtime for quickxelief, so you can eat what you like.At 10c and 25c per box. AH druggists.JP?NWilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,, Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376&We are Agents forthe FamousVStop in and get aFREE BOOKLET. about the styles.TWIN BROS.Dp rtrmnt Stare7th and MainParis, Ky.i m DRESSES' 'HEARTYOUR KIDNEYSdiately. The soothing:, healing: oil stimulates the kidneys relieves inflammations and destroys the germs whichhave caused it. Do not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OilCapsules. In twenty-four hours youshould feel health and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil.After you feel that you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep infirst-class condition and ward off thedanger of other attacks.Ask for the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money refunded If they do not help you.iWK?KiX!KWILL EXAMINE WHEAT CROPSFOR "TAKE ALL."Examination of the wheat crop ofWestern Kentucky for a new disease, "take all" or "root rot, ' whichhas been disastrous to wheat in sections in Indiana, will be made byProfessor Frank T. McFarland, whois in charge of plant disease surveysin the State. He left vesterdav foran extensive trip through the affected regions of Kentucky.The new disease was brought tothis country in a shipment of wheatfrom Australia, and so far no remedyhas been found for it. The best preventative for the disease is the isolation of the fields in which it has appeared. It is estimated that it willlive in the soil for twenty years,though no wheat may be plantedthere. The disease has been discovered in one county of Illinois andfour counties of Indiana.i ..LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES 1I Girls! Make beauty lotion lora few cents Try It!- " '"--..--Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesio orcnard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan. lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysman cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin- becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)oFor advertising purposes an incandescent lamp has been patented, inside which, miniature windmills, operated by the light, revolve.THE PRICEof our Optical Work is always fair,but price is, of course, of secondaryconsideration when you compare itwith careful examination andPROPERLY FITTED GLASSES.You can be sure of both if youcome to us. Good eyesight is ofsuch importance that you should notneglect your eyes.BR. 0. L. FRYE,. Eyesight Specialist,(21mar-tf-F) paris. K: ' :Ziur ton's1 Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.AGENTPOR M. IBOLDMANUEL", COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices forJPartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, See Us.FRANK BURTONxawxiixbxiA PROCLAMATION BY PRESIDEHTWILSON.The JBoy Scouts of America haverendered notable service to the nation during the world war. Theyhave done effective work in the Liberty Loan and War Savings campaigns, in discovering and reportingupon the black walnut supply, inco-operating with the Red Cross andother war work agencies, in actingas dispatch, bearers for the Committee on Public Information, and inother important fields. The BoyScouts have not only demonstratedtheir worth to the nation, but havealso materially contributed to adeeper appreciation by the Americanpeople of the higher conception ofpatriotism and good citizenship.The Boy -Scout movement shouldnot only be preserved, but strengthened. It deserves the support of allpublic-spirited citizens. The available means for the Boy Scotit movement have thus far sufficed for theorganization and training of only asmall proportion of the boys of thecounty. There are approximately10,000,000 boys in the United Statesbetween, the ages of twelve andtwenty-one. Of these only 375,000are enrolled as members of the BoyScouts of America.America cannot acquit herselfcommensurately with her power andinfluence in the great period nowfacing her and the world unless theboys of America are given better opportunities than heretofore to prepare themselves for the responsibilities of citizenship.Every nation depends for its future upon the proper training anddevelopment of its youth. TheAmerican boy must have the besttraining and discipline our great democracy can provide if America is tomaintain her ideals, her standardsand her influence in the world.The plan, therefore, for a BoyScout week during which a universalappeal will be made to all Americansto supply the means to put the BoyScouts of America in a position tocarry forward effectively and continuously the splendid work they aredoing for 'the youth of America,should have the unreserved supportof the Nation.Therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson,President of the United States ofAmerica, do hereby recommend thatthe period beginning Sunday, June8, to Flag Day, June 14, be observed as Boy Scout Week through theUnited States for the purpose ofstrengthening the work of the BoyScouts of America.I earnestly recommend that, inevery community, a Citizens' Committee under the leadership of aNational Citizens' Committee, be organized to co-operate in carrying outa program for a definite recognitionof the effective services rendered bythe Boy Scouts of America; for asurvey of th.e facts relating to theboyhood of each community, in orderthat with the co-operation of churches, schools and other organizationsdefinitely engaged in work for boys,adequate provision may be made forextending the Boy Scout program toa larger proportion of America boyhood. The Boy Scout movement offersunusual opportunity for volunteerservice. It needs men to act ascommitteemen and as leaders ofgroups of boys. I hope that all whocan will enlist for sucli personal service,' enroll as associate members andgive all possibI?T"financial assistanceto this worthy organization of American boyhood. Anything that is doneto increase the effectiveness of theBoy Scouts of America will be a genuine contribution to the welfare ofthe nation.In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused theseal of the "United States to be affixed.Done this first day of May in. theyear of our Lord, one thousand ninehundred and nineteen, and of theindependence of the United States ofAmerica, the one hundred and fortythird. (Signed) WOODROW WILSON.Bythe President:ROBERT LANSING,Secretary of State.oTHE TEST OF MEKITParis People Are Given ConvincingProof.No better test of any article canbe made than, the test of time andthis is particularly true of a kidneymedicine. Doan's Kidney Pills havestood this test and stood it well.What better proof of the merits ofthis remedy could you demand, thanthe statement of a Paris resident-who used it successfully and tells oflasting results.Read the following:Geo. McCandless, 'Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had backaches. Doan's Kid-1ney Pills put a stop to all thetroubles and they have me completerelief." (Statement given. January17, 1912.)No Trouble Since.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)GOVERNOR TO REQUEST STATEPLAG TAKEN BY BRITISH.A request will b.e made by Governor Black for the -regimental flag ofthe Kentucky militia, which, was captured by the British army at the Battle of the Thames during the war of181. Governor -Black is now investigating as to how he shall make' therequest. The flag, if secured, -will beuirueu. over to iue xventuexy xiisur.ical society.ASSERTS CHANGENOW EVIDENCED"I'm Like a Different Woman SinceUsing Trutona," Mrs.Thompson SaysPADUCAH, KY., May 29. Mrs. C.F. Thompson, 45 years old, a wellknown Paducah woman of 710 SouthFifth street, is among the large number of local residents who are sayingthatt they "feel like different persons" since taking Trutona."I had suffered from a catarrhalaffection, of the head, nose and eyesfor several years," Mrs. Thompsonsaid. "Mucus would accumulate inmy throat until my head and nosewould become terribly stopped up.My eyes were usually inflamed andwould 'water' until I'd be almostfrantic."I feel like a different womansince taking Trutona. My head doesnot 'buzz and ring' as it did beforeand my nose and head are .not stopped up any more. The inflamationand watering of my eyes is also(TT-antlw imTirnvo1 TrnfnnQ "hoc! ViaanIB'WJ ""f'. J.1.WI.WXXU, x, wthe -first medicine to give me relief,although I'd tried many before, andI highly recommend it to those suffering from catarrhal troubles as Idid."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)QCONQUERS HIS SHYNESS.A certain surgeon who was veryyoung and rather shy was invited todinner by a lady who was at least50 but frivolous enough to be 20.She imagined herself very cleverwhen making rude remarks.At dinner she asked the young surgeon to carve a fowl, and, not havingdone so before, he failed lamentably.Instead of trying to cover his confusion, the hostess called attentionto it pointedly by looking down thetable and saying loudly:"Well, you may be a very cleversurgeon, but if I wanted a leg off Ishould not come-to you to do it.""No, madame," he replied politely,"but then, you see, you are not achicken.BRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectria'tiTor LightingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating and CooRingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiability ;And OtherCasualtiesA.J, FEEtfBZTSH. . ommmuMWifci'i - rmfcfrim flPEr4iops'39cfl9DE?Brmj aBaa ( 4 Hsv aaaaaaaaafe iBaaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaYinn 1 3&R&mWw IV-I iifFii irr iJGjLZ $tKW mmmmmt-flb agMErsDairvwarmEasy to Put UpLasts a LifetimeitHKgCU V3WWlb.B&s&KTK V-Sw CTcovering the walls, ceilings and partitions of Residences, Barns,Garages, Churches, Stores, Theaters, Schools, etc., and for scores ofspecial uses on the farm or in the city. Nails direct to the framework, or right over walls, and takes paint or calcimine perfectly.Come in and let us show samples and give complete informationTemplin Lumber CompanyThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayxLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing",always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emtrgtMTfHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good pros-yeutive uusiuiutMs.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds- . ! . . .:And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from-6 to 8c pejfday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorp orated) S "J. J. Veatch, District Manager. , ; W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the Titanj THE Tita 10-20 has been on the market forI years, and has made good without reservmticoi 10' horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerJ at the beltA well-balanced tractor that is suited to all formpower work. It-drives easily, affords nmrimnm pufling power for its weight, and is suited in every way tothe' general run "of farm work. Not too large for themall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeI ox worx.w wI Id if TATlff nni We recommend that vou use an Oliver nVnxr -arttfc-i' your Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottom "of the ftmtw; thg strip Aenrt mQtt-n fin yQ depth,of furrow; the plow points enter and leave the ground, first, making it possible to plow dear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as theTitan tractor hers at our aalearoom,C. S. BALL GARAGEjaatBaaaTssMaftfcMaaaaaMiawBlaaaaElasE:BBQKiBBasBtaaMaLgiBfiaaaHwy j-eavlL sThmThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a R eason." wprk Dj&ne RightKeep a Bundle on Hand forImproving Farm BuildingsI 'HERE are Hundreds of various uses fof- I Cornell-Wood-Board on every farm.Old walls and ceilings in the house andsummer kitchen can be made attractivelynew. The interiors, too. of your Garage.Barn. Poultry House will be keptin winter and cool in summer as &result of being covered withCpmeuWooclBoardExcels for Walls. Ceilings and PartitionsRepaim Alterations or NemrVfcrkYou can put it up yourself if you choose.Full directions for applying in every bundle.Resisting fire and moisture, Cornell-Wood-Boardwill not crack, split, warp or buckle.Saves time, labor and money because of theease with which it is put up. Excels forr ' .. v. , 5tfc. J .. io - .-,'&rili-rr, f)lsiJjieitfFRIDAY. MAY 30, 1919.THE B0UHB0N KEWS, PABK,KHTOCKYVkSX-TSW&&2&&&HIGHSUMMER GOODS!Eg? :' jW, I BlVI IHil-awGil Mmmh vSPSW1 Have YourPorch Readyfor theWarm Days!Let us fix yourporch just like youwant it withWart GrassRugsThe New Iceberg Refrigerators Save Ice. We areoffering a special price on them.The Cool More Shade for your porch. Porch Swingsand Couch Hammocks, many colors and styles.The DuplexFirelessCookerwill do your work.Let us demonstrate itto you. You will wantone for the summer.Let us show you.Rest and ContentmentTihe DUPLEXFireless Stovecooksthe entiremeal.The Sellers Kitchen Cabinet the Servant of the Home!A. F. WHEELER & CO.Main and Third StreetsCHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpposite Court HouseSCHOOL BIBLECONTEST.STUDYThe Cyntliiana High School wipsthe sweep stakes silver trophy offeredby the Kentucky State Y. M. C. A.in the annual- Bible Study Contestamong High School boys. This trophy was won last year by Nicholasville. Any high school winning thetrophy three times keeps it.Cynthiana also wins the cup offered 'for schools of its class and willkeep this prize. Heath Higli Schoolin McCraclcen county wins the cupin schools of its class and will keepit.Boys in forty-three High Schools inState entered the contest and 36 finished, boys in 23 schools taking thefinal written -examinations, a total of1,660 High School boys were enrolled. The Bible Study contest course wasone of a number prepared under thedirection of the International Y. M.C. A., and the general topic was,"Jesus the Leader." The schools offne State were divided into threeclasses; class one for schools of 300or more boys enrolled; class two from50 to 300 boys enrolled, and classthree from 10 to 50 boys enrolled.No high school having less than 10boys enrolled was allowed to enterana so a number of country highschools were allowed to enroll boysin the eighth grade. The decisionwas on points of enrollment, attendance and final written examination.The contest for the State Trophywas a hot one. Cynthiana with atotal of 4,070 points, was only 36points ahead of Franklin. Heathwas third, Barbourville fourth andNicholasville, the winner last year,fifth..In schools of the second class, Cynthiana was first, Franklin second,Paris third and Maysville fourth. Inschools of the third class, Heath wasfirst, Barbourville second, Nicholasville third, and Mt. Sterling fourth.Heath was only 12 points ahead ofBarbourville and Nicholasville, andwas only 6 points behind Barbourville. On the final examination 604 boystook the written test and turned intheir papers. Of tnese 536 passedwith a grade above 65. Three HighSchools made a perfect score on thefinal test, each boy entering passingthe grade above 65. They were Cynthiana, Barbourville, and Slaughters.oSTEPHEN FOSTER BUST TO BEUNVEILED JUNE 7.inwOTiirwiro .jmaSKMJapan is finding that it has manymineral suprings riph in radiumemanations.INTERUBBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 . P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 v P. M. 10:05(x) JDaily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYSALVATION ARMY LEADER MAYCOME TO KENTUCKY.Commander Evangeline Booth, ofthe Salvation Army of America, maycome to Kentucky to take part inthe Home Service Fund Campaignto be conducted June 23 to 30, according to announcement from StateHedquarters at Lexington. ColonelI. Sobel, State Director, is making aneffort to have Commander Booth sentto Kentucky to aid in the speakingcampaign which will precede thearive proper the closing week inJune. Though there is wide demandfor her as a public speaker in allparts of the country, it is hoped byDirector Sobel that he will be ableto have Miss Booth sent to Kentuckyfor at least one meeting at Lexington, and perhaps, at other of the district headquarters.The ten district directors of thecampaign will meet Colonel SobelUNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATIONDirector General of RailroadsLouisville & Nashville RailroadCHANGE IN TIMEEffective June 1stFROM PARIS-NORTHBOUNDTrain No. 34 will leave at 5:24 a. m. instead of 5:27a. m.TranNo. 32 will leave ot 7:09 p. m. instead of 6:48p. m.FROM PARIS-SOUTHBOUNDTrain No. 33 will leave at 10:55 a. m. instead of 11:03m.and national and regional officials ofthe Home Service Fund campaign atluncheon at the Phoenix Hotel nextSunday at noon. Besides the fieldrepresentaive of the State headquarters, G. W. Harper, of New York,Colonel Willam Evans, of Pittsburg,head of the Army's work in Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio and Pennsylvania; Brigadier David E. Dunham,of Cincinnati; Major H. E. Bullis, ofPittsburg, late of the U. S. Army andnow regional director for Kentuckyand Tennessee since his return fromFrance, and Miss Sophie Devine, ofPittsburg, director of the poster campaign in Kentucky and Tennessee,will attend the luncheon as guests ofColonel Sobel and aid in the mappingout of the Kentucky campaign.Following this luncheon the organization by counties will be completed and county chairmen and -secretarieschosen in every county.The district directors who will attend the luncheon Sunday are Aubrey Hester, at Mayfleld, D. BurrJones, at Owensboro, Bayard H. Hedrick, at Louisville, in charge of thecounties nearest to that city; C. D.Royse, at Bowling Green, Miss AnneCoushaine, at Lexington, in chargeof Central Kentucky counties; C. H.Moorman, at Covington, James S.Golden, at Richmond, H. N. Woodson, at Barbourville, and E. H.Decker, at Paintsville.O ;CAUSE OF HEADACHEa.FROM PARIS TO LEXINGTONTrain No. 13 will leave at 11:00 a. m. instead of 11:05a. m.The unveiling of the Foster bustwill take place at the annual celebration of the State Historical Society, in Frankfort, on Boone Day,June 7. -The exercises will be held inthe rooms of the historical societyin the new capitol.One of the interesting features willbe the singing of the Foster melodiesby a quartette. Included in the number will be, "Come Where My LoveLies Dreaming," "Camp TownRaces," "Gentle Annie," "Way DownUpon the Swanee River" and "OldBlack Joe."'The introductory address will bemade by H. V. McChesney, and theunveiling of the bust will be doneby Stephen C. Foster. The Rev. F.W. Eberhardt will deliver an addresson "The Immortality of Songs" andAdjutant General James Tandy Elliswill read a poem. The invocationwill be made by 'the Rev. J. CarltonPelgrim.It is expected that Young E. Allison will accept an invitation to readhis "Defense of Stephen C. Foster,"as a "ne'er do well." J. ChristianBray, ot John Crevar Library, Chicago, and Mrs. Neisler, the Georgiapoetress, have been invited to contribute to the program.oDo You Enjoy Life?A man in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(may-adv)m.mzLIBERTY BONDSSafest Investment On EarthWe -buy and sell all Issues in large or small denominations. Telephone your orders at our expense.James C. Willson & Co.INVESTMENT SECURITIESAt 210 S. Fifth St. LOUISVILLE, KY.By knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. ' Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)oMAIDS' raixENMUM REACHEDIN THIS ADVERTISEMENTEye Examination!PARISTUESBAYJUNE3BaaaaBaaesaaaaBaaaBaaaaBaaBBaaaaev iJ MaldHJsaaa MM""" sst j r wniflpfmltt AefRl JHeKti s aaw i sam7? Sw ejVjJK? zfPSjJmFLmV-"'HII fsEflC" aallaaW M mth. Bunofi $f " lwAv S&enrTlfiBSj "vMptV if JBi W FeB VS,ocJ 0l l ill TjfUiiiMfLVSASalLi$HBBB7rBxBlKE HvA UQifiyr v vf' Tgl jeHrSJs7iIBBHBHB3BBBBBBBBlHBBlBBSBBBm JM m SBJ V ABBBBBSv'''-?bbbbbbbbbbbbbbLb- fSBi (P .r EsBaBBBBBBs!BaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaav J Y2riflflP99HVVV'ifl'PMISMIiBA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleaslire of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledge (that you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy youA phone bring3 U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 16J9:W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 2S9Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.r mj . r . : aiss . g IP V1IlThe servant problem has reachedan acute stage, b6th in New Yorkand in New Jersey, hut so far as isknown this advertisement, which appeared in The Times, of Montclair,N. J., gets the little brown derby:"WANTED Lady to assist inhousework. Must be stylish. Fingerswell manicured. Willing to havebreakfast served in bed. No washing, no cooking, no cleaning, nosweeping or dusting. Flowers andbonbons provided. Salary or stipend$200 a month. Limousine will call."So far there have been no answers.oTOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the injuryis received get a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.(may-adv)oThe ex-Emperor William II. wasthe first king of Prussia who everHost his throne.We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMAMETER, theOPTHALMASCOPE, RILMASCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case, we alsomalcft trans-illusionary and biooapressure tests.We specialize m theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bak,Both Phones. Paris. Ky.' CNAmmtlMfJmmWBanking by MailSafePrivate & ConvenientLet the Government bm our gobetween by using the MailmanOur 4 investment Is guarantee'by us. Write today for informatieflV. The "Citizens' Is the largest Bank frIndiana exclusive of imJIanaioIls, jmlIs safely end conservatively mejnegeeVbesides being under U. S. Covtiiwmiitjupenriaionitizens National BankCVANSVlLUr INDIANRsureM J aniNsn SHws.-wKAKY uiXJt a CEsrruarr u scsmfr3SSffi3fiS5SXfflSfififiSM3BwTtieto enjoydrinks.thatdrink of all tableI fee Ora&ma!HOSTfTMslay Sfc' JsL - ci ki-CH ITTO1TATmmREPUBLICTRUCKRebuilt VA TonExcellent conditionWrite for Oar List ofUsed Track SpecialsHawyR Kelly4JM&rX0ZJW-( usi 7i-4TJii m "BM . . ear - .m m n-av uI 1010 Gilfict?AwSXiiiciitiali,X 1tuWJfe-c?AAnimvzgoratmg cup of rich, snappyflavor, fuil'bcabd and delicious tothe ta2. The very thiog to addto your solid .table pynaen&forit is pari of the meal-riiot merelysomething to drink wita itPostam is boiled juct like coffee(full 1 5 minutes after boiling begins), but unlike coffee it is pureand drug-free. Coffee drinkingcnr11v onsets nerves, stomach andusheart. Postum contains nothingharmful.m ftrocers- iwo jizesUsually sold at fsc and 25cC?iBKSKCtt225-SSp538it m-Wa-y u"4iupl-1PAGE EIGHTTHE BOUEBOH HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAY 30, 1919. ' &THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cfChildren and Gallery.. Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0ctTO-DAY, FRIDAYiMONDAY, JUNE 2nd;TO-MORROW, SATURDAYMadge KennedyIfilnA.1:ftDorothy Gish "bootsLots of people keep money in their booth, but who ever thoughtr, Uuat romance, tlhrills and intrigue could be found in them? See what. Dorothy Gish's boots hold.It's the same funny Dorothy Gish who played in "Hearts of thei World," "Battling Jane" and "The Hope Chest."I PEARL WHITE SffiS "The Lightning Raider"ALSORuth Roland "The Tiger's Trail"vA heroine who has dared her way into the hearts of all by her fearless-uiftss, beauty, talent and personality.i A Rare Treat For All Who Like Stirring Adventure with Dash of Love.and Hearst News,INaDaughter of Mine9 9Perhaps you have never attempted to dress the naked truth! MadgeKennedy thought it couldn't be done until "Daughter of Mine" camecame along', and then Madge got busy!Also Fox Sunshine Comedy"Choose Your Exit"and Current Events.Jack PickfordIN66Freckles991 "Freckles' ' is the story of a'boy that nobody loved; the storyof the boy who sacrificed everything, nearly life itself, that hemight be loved.AlsoBurton Holmes Travelogue"RELIGIOUS.The seventeenth, annual meetingjof the Woman's Missionary UnionpZ the Blkhorn Baptist Association.was held in the Baptist church at'Versailles yesterday, Mrs. J. O.Sjnfth, of Versailles, presiding. Anercellent program was presented.Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, of Paris, addressed the meeting on the subject,"Wfli&t Do You Mean By Giving OnetTfenth. to The Lord?"The Christian Endeavor Societyjo-f Uib Christian church will meet inth& church parlors Sunday eveningat 7:00 o'clock. The subject will be"Our Relation to God." Leader, Mr.J. W. Brown.Cliildrens Day will be appropriately observed with a fine program attbo Christian, church next Sundaymorning. The program as preparedembraces a number of recitations,soflgs, duetts by the children, and anaddress by the pastor, Rev. W. E.31' i: The entire program will befo- td in the Church Bulletin, whichWrl he distributed to everyone coming Lo the ch.urch next Sunday morning. An. all-day rn.ee ting of the Woman's Missionary Society of theB&plist church was held Tuesday inthx church parlors. The forenoon wasspent In sewing1, and in hemmingawupkins for the Oneida Institute, amountain, school located in Claycounty, conducted under the auspicesof the Baptists of Kentucky. At thenoon hour a delicious luncheon wasserved by tlhe class of Mrs. W. W.Hinion. In the afternoon a variedprogram, under the direction of Mrs.W. O. Hinton, comprising musicalselections, addresses and other features, was observed. One of theprincipal addresses was that made byMiss Maggie LeCompte, of Lexington, who gave an entertaining history of the progress of the OneidaInstitute, which at present has aschool property valued at $100,000,with fur fine buildings, a fine farm,a large saw mill and wood-workingshop.Next Sunday is Childrens' Day atthe Presbytrian church. An especially interesting program has beenprepared for this occasion, and allwho attend will be more than repaid.It will be a program of song andstory aptly illustrated by the youngpeople of the Sunday School, assisted by the choir and Captain and MissHarbison. The exercises will beginpromptly at 10:45 a. m.Christian Endeavor at 7 o'clock.There will be no services at night.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:30 a. m. Childrens'Day Exercises.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Church BoardMeeting.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Junior Endeavor Meeting.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Sacred Concert by the Choir.Tuesday, 8:00 p. ' m. Workers'Conference.Wednesday, 3:30 p. m. TriangleClub.Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting Service. 'Friday, 3:00 p. m. Missionary Society Meeting.Friday, 7:30 p. m. Choir Practice.PKETTY ACTRESS MOLLIE KINGWEDS KENNETH D.ALEXANDER.The marriage of Miss Mollie King,prominent star of the New York musical stage and also a screen playerof prominence to Kenneth D. Alexander, master of Woodburn Cottage, atSpring Station. Ky.. is the culmina-'tion of a romance which began last"summer when Mr. Alexander, thenin the naval aviation service, was onduty at an air station on Long Island!Mrs. Alexander, although for several seasons a Broadway star, is inthe very early twenties, having madeher first pronounced hit in one of theearly Winter Garden extravangances,when barely sixteen. Since that timeshe has been among the bright starsin several successful Broadway musical shows, up to two years ago, whenshe deserted the speaking stage forthe movies. After winning new laurels before the camera she returnedto the stage last winter, co-starringwith her brother, Charles King, in"Good Morning, Judge," a musicalcomedy adaption of Pinero's "TheMagistrate." HDuring the winter Miss King wasalso one of the luminaries in the midnight show on the Century Roof, butrecently gave up the latter work toreturn to moving pictures.Whether Mr. Alexander's bride willcontinue her stage and screen career,of whether she will come to Kentucky to live, has not been announced.City licenses are now due andshould he paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)ItGreater KentuckyPetroleum Co.b , ... V! . ' - , -y ' t9T'rrIncorporated.Capital Stock . . . $1,000,000iPar Value1h'- ' j?t;v;.0mMm01 i1 ifBLUE GRASS OIL EXCHANGEIncorporatedSelling418 Main StreetAgentsParis, KentuckyBIG CntCUs'HEItE TUESDAY.Next Tuesday, June 3, will be "thebig day," at least for the children,whose little hearts will leap highwith joy in anticipation of the coming of the great day, "circus day!"Lives there a man so old whose memory cannot hark back with delight tohis boyhood days when the comingof a circus was one of the greatestevents in life?Gentry Bros.' Pony, Dog and HorseCircus, bigger and better than ever,will arrive in Paris on the morningof June 3 and pitch its tents for twoperformances.A street parade, reminiscent of theglories of the olden-time circuses,will be given at 10:30 Tuesday morning. The afternoon performance willbegin at 2:15, and the evening showat 7:30 p. m.oCity licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law. '(27-5t)IIQUOE SEIZED BY OFFICIALSSOLD AT AUCTION.Four thousand quarts of whiskey,gin and wine, which were seized byGovernment officials, in Louisville,since the Reed bone-dry law becameeffective, were sold at auction bvPostmaster E. T. Schmitt in that cityTuesday morning.Bidding was lively and severalpackages of bonded ten-year-oldwhiskey sold at $76 a dozen quarts.More than $20,000 was realized fromthe sale.ISIXTY -EIGHT CARLOADS OFSPRING VEGETABLES! 'Perhaps the biggest vegetabletrain ever seen in this section, passed over the Q. & C. from the South toCincinnati. There were sixty-eightcars and the train appeared to beover a quarter of a mile long. Inthe train were two carloads of freshcucumbers, one car of vegetables,two of strawberries, five of tomatoes,three of new potatoes, forty-eightcars of pineapples and ten cars ofstock.WOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market .price.Call, -get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(may23-6t)The music at Irish wakes wasoriginally for the purpose of drivingaway evil spirits.GEORGETOWN COLLEGE COMMENCEMENT.Exercises concluding the eightyninth session of Georgetown College, Baptist College, Georgetown,Ky., will be held June 1-4. Thecommencement sermon will bepreached by the Rev. Charles "W.Elsey, Cynthiana, Ky.; the alumniaddress will be made by the Rev. A.C. Davidson, Livingston, Ala., andthe commencement address by President Samuel C. Mitchell, DelawareCollege, Newark, Del.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoCity licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)Blue Grass Oil ExchangeIncorporatedKentucky Oil Securities Bought, Soldand Traded.Let us have your buying and selling orders. Open CallSession and Auction every Saturday at 8:00 p. m.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Paris, KentuckyDAN OOIEiEJSrSONE-DAY SALE!iThe volume of business this Spring hasbroken all previousrecords and thesePhenomenal Saleshave left us an accumulation of a great manyshort and broken lines.Tomorrow (Saturday) Will BeCLEAN-UP DAYThe same new goods, the same smart and exclusive footwear that delightedso many shoppers will be offered at GREAT PRICE REDUCTIONS!WttFwkLADIES'In Patent. 5E "-L! J"rjAbtiiuz rt "zai'ji uiimnff "23 5WWHi Ml1ft ?3 sPUMPS AND OXFORDSand Brown KidWAI Y AV17DCii3'iii:s' ww rLiiV"ii w I j ii H " w -At SpecialBargain PricesC &&Ladies' Mahogany Tan English Iq AOxfords MLadies' Dull and Patent Kid djo qqPumps $& sLadie's Pat. Kid Pumps, all sizes. .$1.99Children's Patent M. J. Pumps.... $1.24Men's Gun Metal Oxfords, o cWalk-Over JO.DUMen's Kid Oxfords qnbench made tpftwOMen's Gun Metal Shoes andOxfords ,$1.99Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Bargain Prices !DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storei