J r V,THENEWS- j if-.TL.r'i W.- x -k- iiV"?"vUJ -- -rjj' fb ' ' -.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.tVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919BOURBONIftEBAY A HELD DAY FOE AUTOACCIDENTSFriday held up its reputation as anunlucky day. At least, several Parispeople who were unfortunate enoughto be tangled up in automobile accidents will ascribe their misfortunesto the evil genius supposed to preside over "unlucky Friday."One of the most serious of this series of accidents, which happened toParis and Bourbon county people, returning from the Lexington races,was the one in which Charles Martin and his fellow-passengers, Ad.Baldwin, Vail Baldwin and RoyJones, were more or less injured.They were returning from Lexington, after an afternoon spent at theraces. At a point on the pike, whichwas very smooth from the effects ofrecent rains, the machine, in endeavoring to pass another car, swerved frqm. the pike, and struck a telephone pole. One side of the car wascompletely wrecked. The occupantswere thrown out, Vail Baldwin sustaining a severe scalp wound andbruises. Ad Baldwin and Martin being bruised, while Jones sustained severe injuries to one leg.Shortly after this accident a machine driven by a Cynthiana woman,stopped at the scene, the occupantproffering her services to aid the injured. While engaged in this a machine driven by Mr. A. B. Hancock,of Paris, skidded and ran into therear end of the Cynthiana machine.The cars were both damaged, but noinjuries were sustained by the occupants. While rounding the curve at "DeadMan's Curve," under the Louisville& Nashville railroad, a machine driven by Thos. McClintock ran into atruck, which had been left standingimmediately under the bridge. McClintock was driving slowly and escaped injury, but his car was damaged. SAVE YOU $5 OR $10 BETTERGET IN LINE.We have sold and are sellingmany overcoats to jmen who desireto save from ?5 to $10. Better getin line.L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street., (17-4t)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALL -SHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileSUSPECTED "BOOTLEGGER" AC-QUITTED.Clarence Washington, colered, wasgiven a hearing yesterday afternoonin the County Court before JudgeGeorge Batterton, as a suspected"bootlegger" and was acquitted.Washington was arrested on suspicion Saturday night by PatrolmanGeorge W. Judy, at Eighth and Highstreets.Washington testified that he hadpurchased the liquor from a Lexington "bootlegger," and that he hadnot attempted to dispose of any of it,except "one slug" which he took intohis own system coming down on theinterurban car. Judge Batterton dismissed the case on the ground of insufficient evidence to convict. At thesame time he complimented Patrolman. Judy upon his alertness andwatchfulness.oICE COMPANY ELECTS OEFICEESAt a meeting held in the offices ofthe Paris Ice Manufactuirng Company, in this city the old officerswere re-elected, as follows: B. F.Graziana, Covington, president; JohnGraziana, Covington, vice-president;Phil Nippert, Paris, secretary-treasurer.Plans are being made for enlarging the capacity of the plant for nextseason. President Graziana statedthat several offers, had been made forthe purchase of. the plant, but nodefinite action in that respect hadbeen taken. He said that if the plantwas not sold by next spring, the contemplated improvements and additions in prospect would insure aplentiful supply of ice for Paris andvicinity next summer, and that everything would be in fine workingI order before the opening of the 1920season.FARM LANDS AND HANDSOMECITY PROPERTY AT AUCTIONWatch for the big advertisementin next issue, of the I. D. Thompsonfarm on the Clintonville pike, andthe handsome home on Duncan avepue at public auction. Bead overdescription of these two pieces ofproperty and wait for the sale if youwant sqmething good either in townor the country. (It)DeliveryREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.Mr. James Shanks has resold hishome in East Paris, recently boughtof Mr. George Ellis, to Mr. Flora, for$5,000.The Paris Realty Company sold forMiss Bessie Evans a house and lot onSecond street, in this city, to Mr. A.A. Pogue, for a price not given outfor publication.Mr. Mark Fryman, of Harrisoncounty, purchased of Jos. Reffert, afarm of seventeen acres, located onthe Paris and Cynthiana pike, nearMt. Carmel, for ?8,200.Mr. B. W. Watson sold Friday toMr. T. T. Templin a house and lot onScott avenue at a private price. Mr.Templin also purchased from Mr. T.D. Connor a house and lot on Harmon avenue.Mr. Charles D. Wilson has purchased an additional one-third interest in a portion of what is known asthe Solomon VanMeter farm onthe VanMeter and Bryan Station pikes. He now owns a twothirds interest in a tract of 296 V2acres.The public renting of the CassiusM. Clay lands at the court housedoor in this city Saturday afternoon,was attended by a large crowd ofbidders. The renting has been extensively advertised in THE NEWS.The lands, comprising a total of 1,272 acres, and belonging to Mrs.Mary Harris Clay and her son, Mr.Cassius M. Clay, were rented at public outcry by Auctioneer George D.Speakes, of the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, for $16.50 anacre. The successful bidders wereCalvin Jones and Matt Lair, both ofthis county. Possession will be givenMarch 1, 1920. This is one of therichest farms in the Bluegrass region, and will be used by the rentersduring the coming year in the cultivation of corn, wheat and tobacco.REYNOLDS HELD OVER TO THEGRAND JURY.William Reynolds, the cripple,who was arrested in, Covington- and.i -u K.ir "Paries hv Chief "OlPolice Link, on a charge of housebreaking, was given a formal hearingyesterday morning before CountyJudge George Batterton. Reynolds,who was suspected of complicity inthe recent looting of the Mitchell &Blakemore Clothing Store, in thiscity, confessed to the charge beforebeing brought to Paris. When placedon trial yesterday he entered a pleaof not guilty. Judge Batterton heldhim in $1',000 bonds to appear before the grand jury at the Novemberterm of Bourbon Circuit Court. Indefault of bail he was sent back tojail.oFARM LANDS AND HANDSOMECITY PROPERTY AT AUCTIONWatch for the big advertisement innext issue, of the I. D. Thompsonfarm on the Clintonville pike and thehandsome town home on Duncan avenue, at public auction. Read overdescription of these two pieces ofproperty and wait for the sale if youwant something good either in townor the country. (It)CITY SCHOOL ENROLLMENTTwo hundred and five students arenow enrolled in the High School department of the Paris City Schools,as shown by the records at the closenf the sftfiond week's session. TheSenior Class has twenty-five students.Ninety-one students compose tneFreshman class.The students of the Senior Classwill give a reception in the HighSchool gymnasium to-night in honorof the new students and the members of the faculty.Football practice is progressingnicely under the coaching of Secretary Sheffield, of the Y. M. C. A. Theopening game for the season will beplayed with the Carlisle High Schoolteam, on Saturday, October 4.SCHOOL SHOES READY EOR BOYSAND GIRLS.School season has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment, uishoes ever shown.(19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.o"AIN'T IT AWFUL?"'In a total of thirty-six suits filedin the office of Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb, to be herd at the Novemberterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court,twenty-two are actions for divorce.The petitions represent varyinggrades of humanity, both white andcolored, to whom the matrimonialyoke has apparently brought anything but happiness.LAST BOURBON VETERAN ARRIVES FROM 'OVERSEAS.To private John W. Brophy, ofBourbon county, is probably due thedistinction to be the last of the Bour-county contingent in the late worldwar to return from overseas.A message was received here byrelatives Friday from Private Brophy, announcing his safe arrival fromoverseas. He was then at Camp Merritt, in New Jersey, where he wouldreceive his final discharge taiers.and return to his home near Paris.Private Brophy was a (member of thdRepair Unit No. 40, Motor Transport Corps of the American Expeditionary Forces in France. The unitwas sent overseas in October, 1918,and after several months service inFrance, was assigned for service withthe Army of Occupation in Germany.The unit has been stationed in Cotilenz, Germany, for the past eightmonths,oA CARD TO THE PUBLIC.Having been apprised of the undeserved remarks of certain unscru- jpulous persons relative to appointments at the hospital and also theinvestigating ccpnmittee having received communications from personsdeclining to appear before it, givingas their reason, that it was beingconducted through cowardice andprejudice, I am taking this methodin an. endeavor to make clear to thepeople of Paris and Bourbon county,my attitude in the whole affair. Iwas selected by the City Council asone of a board of investigation, tocollect evidence concerning affairs atthe hospital, without my solicitation.Thinking that if affairs were regularly correct at the institution, theboard of authority would court investigation, if not, the people of thecounty and supporters of the hospitalshould be made aware of the fact,and having had some little experience, and thinking I could possiblybe of some help I consented to act.My associates and I have endeavored throughout to conduct the investigation with perfect impartiality, collecting our evidence indiscriminately.How we have succeeded, you willbest be able to judge. What I havedone, and I think I can safely saythe same for my co-workers, wasdone solely for the welfare of thecommunity at large, without remuneration', with perfect ' good" will toward all.We sincerely thank one and allwho have assisted us, in any way, inthis investigation.MARY K. STONE, R. N.,Secretary of Committee.DESIRABLE SUBURBAN EARM ATAUCTION WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.The desirable 16 acre suburbanhome of the late Mr. W. J. Kiser willbe sold at public auction, on thepremises on the Clintonville pike,near Paris, on Wednesday, September 24, at 10 o'clock. This is a verydesirable small farm and is in an excellent neighborhood.At the same tijme and place all ofthe stock, crops and implements willalso be sold. For particulars seeHarris & Speakes, agents for Mr. F.P. Kiser, the admanistrator.(19-3t)AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, September 23Dorothy Gish, in "Nugget Nell;" Antonio Moreno and Carol Holloway, in"Perils of Thunder Mountain;"Lloyd Comedy, "Never Touched Me."To-jmorrow, Wednesday, September 24 Marguerite Clarke, in"Girle;" Bray Pictograph.Thursday, September 25 Ladies'Day; two ladies admitted for onepaid admission, plus war tax. ClaraKimball Young, in "The BetterWife;" Vod-a-Vil Movies.AND THE RAINS CAMEThis section, which has been inthe grasp of a drouth for severalweeks, experienced some relief Sunday and yesterday, when hard rainsfell for a short time. The downpourwas not enough to bring extendedrelief, but it was something to givethanks for, at any rate. The country is still suffering form the effectsof the drouth, and it will take (manydays of hard rains" to give to theparched earth that degree of moisture so much needed.oHOSPITAL INVESTIGATION COMMITTEE COMPLETES WOJtUi.The committee appointed by theCity Council to investigate the general management and conditions ofthe Massie Hospital has completed itsinvestigation. A report will be madeto the City Council as soon as possible. . :AN IMPORTANT COMMUNICATIONTO PURCHASING PUBLIC.Postmaster J. Walter Payne hasbeen beseiged for several days withinquiries from anxious purchasers ofgoods under the recent Governmentact, as to when they could expecttheir purchases. The Postphasterwrote an urgent message to the Department regarding the matter, and,in reply, received the following fromMr. R. S. Brauer, of Chicago, Superintendent of the Sixth Division:"Dear Sir:"I am taking the liberty of bringing to your attention that the subscription to the Government's offer tothe public to purchase surplus food,held and contracted for by the WarDepartment, exceeds in extent all expectations, and the delivery will beno doubt deloyed because of the. immense task of assembling, routingand transporting so large a volumeof parcel post pnatter. We have completed transportation arrangements,and are employing every means atour disposal to expedite deliverybut at best there will be some delay.Shipments will be made in the orderJin which requests were received, andas rapidly as delivery is made by theWar Department."I am requesting you to informyour local newspapers, as a matter ofpublic infonmation, that the ordersnow on hand fo rterritory suppliedby the Chicago warehouse, amount toan aggregate of one hundred and sixty .million pounds, and that shipments have already begun. If thereare delays beyond what the purchasers think reasonable, they should exercise patience. Writing to the Postoffice Department will not expeditedelivery, but will have a tendency tocreate additional delay. Inquiriesshould be directed to the local postmaster." oN. M. TOWN SCHOOL OPENS.The Graded School at North Middletown opened in the old collegebuilding, with a large attendance ofpupils from the vicinity. The teachers, beside the principal, Prof. R H.Ellett, are: Prof. E. M. Costello,Misses Daisy Detwiller, Delia Smitt,(teacher of the music department.)", NEVER WAS THE LIKE.Never before was there ever seenin Paris such a hondsome display ofmillinery goodsjis, we have now. Theladies of Bourbon and adjoiningcounties are asked to call and seethis nobby, neat and newest displaypoems in millinery at our store.MRS. CORNE WATSON BATRD.(12-tf)WE KNOW HOWClothes Are the Index ofCharacterThey reflect the personality of thewearer, and should be chosen with thecare that one gives to the choice offriends.OurSmart Clothesreflect the good taste, goodjudgment and high ideals oftheir wearers, and give thema big handicap over thosewho underestimate the importance of good personalappearance in business aswell as social life. The difference in price between a suitof our clothes and inferiorclothes will be amply justified- long before the suit is wornout.Prices Range From$25 to $60MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsWATER AT PUBLIC SCHOOL DECLARED WHOLESOMEIn order to determine positively:and finally the quality of water usedin the Paris City Schools for domesticpurposes, the custodian, Mr. wim.Bowling, sent to Chemist J. S. lagBach, at the State University for analysis samples of the fluid taken fromdifferent points in the building. Thfollowing report submitted by Ghenwist LaBach shows the water to bewholesome and safe. The report follows:"Lexington, Sept. 9, 1919."Mr. William Bowling, Custodian,"Paris, Ky. '"Dear Sir:"The following is the report of therBacteriologist, Dr. W. R- Pinnellrupon the sample of water sent bjryoufor analysis, and received September5, 1919."'Bacteria per cc, 1,000. ""Lactose broth tube, 10 cc; 2hours, negative; 48 hours negative."Lactose broth .tube, 10 cc, 24hours, negative, 48 hours, negative;'"Lactose broth tube, 1 cc, 24 hours,negative; 48 hours, negative."Lactose broth tube, 10 cc, 24'hours, negative; 48 hours, negative."Lactose broth tube, O .01 cc, 24hours, negative; 48 hours, negative."B. coli in 10 cc, negative; 1 cc,negative; O. 1 cc, negative; O. .01cc, negative."Results of examination indicatethat this water may be safely usedfor domestic purposes.. "Very truly yours,"J. S. LaBACH,"Director of Laboratories.-PACE CUT BY GLASS.Charles H. Meng, Jr., youngestson of Mr. Walter Meng, of the North.Middletown vicinity, was seriouslycut about the face and head by flying glass. The heavy wind caused aglass door to close with a shockwhich shattered the glass. Thepieces of flyings glass struck the littlefellow in the face, inflicting severecuts. He was given prompt medicalattention, and no serious results areexpected to result from the lad's misfortune. oNEW AUTO OWNERS:Chas. S. Brent & Bro. have purchased of the Blue Grass Motor CarCo., of Lexington, a big White truckto use in their business. The Franklin Motor Car Co. reports the sleofa Franklin car to the BourbonGarage, of Paris. Kittrell & Calloway, of Lexington, report the sale of .a Reo five-passenger touring car toClaude Weathers, of Clintonville.BLAKEMORENtttleton ShoesDr. Rted's Cushion Sole Shots:I-$.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 191rfMETWOTHE BOURBOff HEWS, PARIS, KEUTUCKVIHE BOURBON NEWSliUilisbed 188137 Years of Coni tinuous PublicationMtfished Every Tuesday and En&$w Yew.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable In Adavance.IWIJT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Altered at the Paris, Kentucky.Portofflce as Mall Matter of theSaeond Class.)Aay erroneous reflection upon theUunoter, standing or reputation ofmas person, firm or corporation whichSaV appear in the columns of THEKlJXBON NEWS will be gladly cormtei if brought to attention of theAltar. .GSR EOEEIGN REPRESENTA-TIVES.Ifew York American Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Phfladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Ioisville Stark-Iwman Co.ADVERTISING RATESIXaplay Advertisements, 1.00 perpksk for first time; 60 cents per inchfeasSft subsequent insertion.Beading Notices, 10 cents per linei!ck issue; reading notices in blackteM 20 cents per line, each issue.Cfcrda of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfmnr matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseaats and yearly contracts.TThe right of publisher is reseivedto dacline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.jkamouncements for political officessaet invariably be accompanied byIke cash.. DEMOCRATIC TICKET.; Tor Governor:j James D. Black. ,$ I?or lieutenant Governor:, W. H. Shanks.1 3?or Secretary of State :-j Mat S. Cohen.sf Tor Auditor of Public Accounts :;3Ienry M. Bosworth.5 Pox Attorney General:IFrank E. Daugherty.-Tor Clerk of the Court of Appeals:John A. Goodman.3or Superintendent of Public Instruction: Ij. E. Foster.Tor Commissioner of Agriculture:V Jjohn. W Newman.Tor Bepresentative:James H. Thompson.JOB COUNCILHENly Pirst Ward:" J: H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnWilliams.Second Ward:Edward Burke.Hugh Brent.; Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Words of PoisonWe met a little girl on the streetthe other day who was hurt to the-rery heart because another girl whowas in the same class with her attie Paris school had slandered her.She had been guilty of no wrong.3n her young womanhood, and withthe spirit of youth, she had done anconventional thing. That was all.gjke had not even been indiscreet.Sfte was open, frank and honest.She had no thought of wrong-doing.3t doesn't matter what she hadkne. We give you our word therewas noTiarm in it. But anotherirl, prompted by jealousy, or justyore cussedness, had magnified thenconventional thing until otherswere led to see harm in it.Now, listen, little girl. As yourow older you will find this a veryiommon phase of meanness! It isn'tjpeculiar to Paris, Ky. Oh, dear, no!3t thrives in all places, but attainsjfts most luxuriant growth in smallcommunities. Now don't eat yourMttle heart out about it. Life is soJull of real sin and real tragedies;Hhftt this little txur will be no moreto you than a mosquito bite compared to the jolts you will get furtheralong.When some girl says somethingmean about you there are just twothings to do. Go straight to yourmother, and tell her about it beforeanybody else gets a chance, and thenforget it. But as long as you havea mother, even after you are a wife,if anybody slanders you, go and tellher. You can never outgrow yourmother, and if God has spared youthat greatest of blessings, you willalways find her counsel good.Reams have been written protesting against this villianous practice ofslandering girls, but the venomouspractice still continues, and will always continue as long as there aretongues dripping poison ready andwilling to take a whirl at the innocent ones.The Tale Of A Shirt.A Paris clothier was talking theother night about the high cost ofliving which, of course, naturallyincludes the high cost of wearingapparel. "Now, take silk shirts," heobserved," and let us see where wecome out. In my own case I am theproud possessor of one of them, andit is all that I can afford. When Iwant to splurge a little I put it on,and sail forth to tantalize the sightof those not fortunate enough toown so luxurious an article of apparel." Now, undoubtedly that mancould have afforded many silkshirts, if he decided to buy them,but that is not his idea of thrift.The incident struck in my mind,and a few days later when I wastaking in a bargain sale where $2.50shirts were sold for $1.65, I askedthe merchant whether he sold manysilk shirts. He said that the linewas booming, and, in reply to myquestioning the facts were broughtout that, whereas, these shirts soldfor $5 to $7, apiece before the war,with not many purchases, that theyseldom sell for less than ?10 now-a-days,and that every Tom, Dick andHarry buys them. "Why people whohardly had a whole shirt to theirbacks two or three years ago come inhere and buy silk shirts, several ofthem at a time," volunteered theclothier. He added: "A lot of themcan't afford to splurge so, but theyhave more money than they are accustomed to handle, and they keepit rolling. Some buy expensive garments like silk shirts and silk hosehas never had such a run. You seethe evidence of universal richness inthe long lanes of automobiles. Itseems that while some people arecautiously saving their money, stillthere are mighty few that have notdeveloped some kind of expensive notions, and silk shirts simply serve asa very usual method by which thepoor show how rich they feel. Once,in a great while a man looks longingly at our stock of silk shirts, andthen says, 'I can't afford one thoughI really do want it.' And wheneverthis happens I have a ray of hopethat the sense of the human racewill some day return to normal. Notthat I do not approve of silk shirts,but they are essentially intended forthe rich, and the poor man has nobusiness buying them. By the way,how would you like one of these newties, just in to-day, the latest thingout, and only $1.50? Shall I wrapone of them up for you?""Nothing doing just yet," I replied, "Im busy, for I've got to goback to the office and write downthis tale of the shirt." And here itis as a contribution to the literaturedealing with the all-important subject of the high cost of living.What Is The Reason?Why people will wear a wrap andheavy furs on warm days like we Jhave had recently must be "just because," as there could be no real reason for such an unnatural manner ofdressing.One often wonders what sort ofblood a person has who manages towalk or ride in a motor car, whenthe thermometer is ninety or morein the shade enveloped in a coat suitand a great fur collar or scarf. Itcould not be red, for then she wouldbe bound to keel over with a case ofheat prostration. It is not blue, forthen education, association or tradition would teach her better sense.Even the most expert specialist hasbeen unable to fathom the cause orthe need.Fortunately it is not present inthis city in epidemic form, but itmust be somewhat contagious, asquite a number of acute cases werenoted on Main street the other day.It could not mean that anyone isanxious to "show off" her new togs,for she will have all of a long, andprobably cold winter in which toproperly clothe herself in woolensand furs. A tip to those who wantto look their best always is thatthere is nothing more unbecomingthan to be either too cool or toowarm. And another tip isWoman is going to wear what shedemintion pleases, so this poor screedfrom a mere man will be of no avail.We merely wanted to let the readersof THE NEWS know that we havenoticed something out of the ordinary. !Almost A Memory.The other day a friend showedTHE NEWS man an old protographwhich brought back vividly memories of old days .in Paris. The photograph was a view of the old courthouse in this city, at the time whenthe lawn was shut in by an ,ironfence, and the old-fashioned hitchingracks were still in evidence. Theseracks were ornaments in the dayswhen old "Tom Brown, the coloredjanitor of the court house, officiatedas prayester at the colored weddingsperformed in the County Judge'soffice. All kinds of vehicles could beseen hitched to the racks, and themajority of them remained there allday, the animals without food or water, while their owners enjoyed themselves in various ways.The old photograph bought to ourminds something that we are allnoticing when we take time to noticethe passing of the horse and buggy. Let us grant that it is betterso, that the auto is more economicalin the long run in both time andmoney. The time is past when onSunday, we finished the dinner early,washed the buggy, curried the mare,and, drove over to take HER a ride.But how different the ride! Thenwe had time to watch the landscape,and when the ride lengthened intothe darkness, we would watch themoon rise through the hazy mists,while the last glow of the sunsetmade sapphire-like the dancinglights in HER eyes, and heightenedthe wavy sheen of HER hair. Nowadays those beauties still exist, butif we turn to look at them we riskdisaster to the flivver and to ourselves. We may cover more groundin the evening, but we really makeless speed. The horse and buggy aregoing into disuse, but the choicestmemory of many a heart gathersabout them and they will not die forat least a generation to come.AMERICAN RED CBOSS HAS AIRPLANE SERVICE .Supplies by airplane is the latestpnethod of the American Red Crossfor furnishing comforts to the menin military service.The American punitive expeditionin Mexico received recently 15,000cigarettes by airplane, sent by thefield director of the Aemrican RedCross in the Big Bend district alongthe Rio Grande River.This novel method of deliveringRed Cross supplies to American bandit chasers south of the border wasthe result of information from Capt.Leonard Matlack, of the U. S. Cavalry, delivered in person in an airplane, that his men at the Amerianbase were entirely out of smokes.The captain has flown back to theborder for a conference with GeneralDickman about the bandit hunt andsaid he would like to take a bundleof "fags" with him on his return tothe base, owing to the slowness ofthe pack trains which already werewinding through Northern Mexicocarrying, among other things, suchRed Cross comforts as toilet soap,chocolate bars, stationery, postals,cigarettes, smoking tobacco andmatches.The Red Cross didn't have to havea map drawn of the situation, andbefore the flying commander of theexpedition was ready to start back tohis camp, he had 15,000 cigarettes inhis machine.Altogether about 40,000 cigaretteshave been sent to the troopers inMexico by pack train and airplane.The Big Bend organization of theRed Cross also handled airplane mailfor the soldiers.This is typical of the ingenuity of"The Greatest Mother" in meetingthe needs of her "sons."It is to continue such work as thisand to establish a peace program of"service to Americans," that fundsobtained in the Red Cross Roll Call,November 2-11, will be used."MRS. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW BAT-SNAP.""Have always feared rats. Latelynoticed many on my farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droveswith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP myself.It killed 17 and scared the restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply Co.(adv-sept)450 HEADAUCTION SALEBLOUNT COUNTY CATTLEChoice Feeders and StockersWEDNESDAY, OCT. 1, MARYVILLE, TENN.1 O'CLOCK450HEADNow is the Time toBuy FeedersPick what you wantand buy at your ownprice. Good selectionof ANGUS, HEREFORD and SHORTHORN grades.BUY NOWDIRECT PROM THE PRODUCERCATTLE OF THE HIGHEST QUALITYMembers of Blount County Council of Agriculture, ConsignorsH. R. DUNCAN, Sec.Maryville, Tenn. ,OOBURN'S MINSTRELS COMINGTO GRAND OCT. 6.Of the J. A. Coburn Minstrels,which are . booked to appear at theParis Grand, on Oct. 6, the Marietta(O.) Daily Journal says:"The J. A. Coburn Greater Minstrels have come and gone and haveleft a decidedly favorable impression with all who witnessed the performance. They appeared at the Auditorium last night, and a goodsized audience turned out to enjoythe fun that the Coburn outfit hasmanufactured."To be sure Charley Gano is thebig noise with the show, but he isably supported at every turn andthere are other (mirth provokers inthe company that are worthy -inevery way to travel with him. Ganostars in jmost every department ofthe show, being the premier end manin the opening session and the leaderof the various skits that help makeup the olio."Surrounding this minstrel star isa company of singers and dancersthat do credit to the calling in everyway and' the musical numbers of theCoburn show leave nothing to besired. One feature in this line is thework of Denton, the impersonator,who takes the part of a woman.Denton's voice is indeed a marvel."The stage setting of the Coburnshow are particularly pleasing, theopening set being a novel scene, afarewell to the American heroeswho are starting home from theshores of France."Yes, Mariettans will eagerlyawait the return of the Coburn show,for it's a show worth while."While Senator Lodge failed to askthe President his name and how oldhe was he overlooked a few otherquestions.REALLAND BARGAINSGet a Good HomeCheap!These farms are all in Southernand Southeastern Indiana, near railmads and on eraod nikes. near schoolsand churches, and well watered, andall produce good crops of wneat,corn, tobacco, clover and fruits.Good stock farms.EABM:275 acres, two sets of buildings infair condition, well fenced, farm hasbeen the least bit neglected, beingowned by a very old man who has nohelp, but the soil produces excellentcrops. Farm 2 miles from a railroadtown of 1,600 peoplePrice, $50 per acre.PARM:200 acres, well fenced and wellwatered, fine land, modern house andbarn (both large) on pike and 1mile from railroad. An ideal farm.Price, $120 per acre.FARM:85 acres good land, which is partlytiled, 3 miles from county seat, ongood pike, fine buildings. Farm wellfenced and will grow anything thatSouthern Indiana produces.Price, $10,000.PARM:40 acres near Market Highway,good buildings, good soil, well watered. An ideal farm for poultry anddairy business.Price, $2,900.PARM:A real bargain in a poultry andfruit farm with 5 acres of good tobacco land. House of 4 rooms, withcellar, small barn, near church andschool MUST sell within 30 days.Price. $1,600.Write for particulars.DAILY E. McCOY,Recorder,(23-26) Versailles, Indiana.450 HEADCattle will be graded according to sex,weight, and quality,and sold in carlots.Weights range from500 to 1200 pounds.Bulk of offerings 700to 800 pounds.Col. V. H. McLEAN,-AuctioneerTruck and: Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.To the Farmers ofBourbon CountyFor the first time in 20 years wecan furnish you with No. 1 galvanized iron roof, at a less priceput on your buildings than a shingleroof would cost, and beside the protection of a roof of this kind is toyou from falling sparks and firebrands, your buildings are absolutelysafe from loss by lightning.We are putting in a supply of thebest grade of galvanized and paintedroofing and siding at the ECONOMYPAINT STORE, on South Main street,next door to the Paris Garage, andwill be glad to show you our goodsand give you prices on same.JAMES E. TEMPLIN.(2-4t-eot)PUBLIC SALEFarm, Stock, Crop and Farming ImplementsWednesday, October 1, 1919,t 10 O'CIock a. m.The undersigned as Executor of the estate of Henry Patterson, deceased, and as agent for the heirs, will, on Wednesday, October 1, 1919,n the premises of the late Henry Patterson, near Millersburg, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, offer for sale at public outcry, to the highest andbest bidder, the following described personal property and real estate:PERSONAL PROPERTY5 good milch cows and 1 long yearling heifer;2 good work horses; '1 buggy and harness; 1 surrey;1 open buggy and spring wagon; &1 lot of corn in shock;Several articles of household furniture; -,A nujmber of farming implements, including 1 two-horse wagon, 1 harrow, and many other articles too numerous to mention.51 ACRES OF LAUDAt the same time and place, the undersigned, as agent for the heirsof Henry Patterson, deceased, will offer for sale, at public, outcry, tothe highest and best bidder, 51 acres of land, more or less, which landis located just on the outskirts of the City of Millersburg, on the Cynthiana and Millersburg turnpike. There is located on this land an excellent residence of 7 rooms, a good stock and tobacco barn combined,and all necessary out-buildings. This farm is well-fenced and well watered and is in a high state of cultivation. It is within one-fourth mileof the city limits of Millersburg, and is convenient to the best schooltown in the State.This farm will be sold for the purpose of settling the estate ofHenry Patterson, deceased. The sale, as to the personal property and thefarming lands, will begin promptly at 10 o'clock, on Wednesday, October1, 1919.TERMS As to personal property, all sums of $20.00 and under,cash in hand; over that amount, good, bankable notes, due and payableMarch 1, 1920, bearing 6 per cent interest from date, will be accepted.Terjms as to the sale of the land will be: One-third or more, to bepaid in cash on March 1, 1920, the remainder in one and two years, with6 per cent, interest from March 1, 1920, and to be secured by a lien tobe retained on the land. The purchaser will be required to executebond securing the one-third payment due March 1, 1920.Possession of the land will be given on March 1, 1920, or before, ifconvenient to all parties. The purchaser of the land will be required topay the taxes due in 1920. All other taxes will be paid by the estate.There will be someone on the premises at all times between now and theday of sale, to show this property. Anyone desiring a little home, welllocated, close to schools and churches, is invited to inspect this property.For further particulars, call on on the undersigned.I. B. PATTERSON,W. P. Renaker, Cynthiana, Ky., Auct. Cynthiana, Ky., R. D. 4.(19-2t)Administrator's SaleFarm, Live Stock, Farm Implements andHousehold and Kitchen Furniture of theLate W. J. Kiser, onWednesday, Sept. 24, 1919,AT 10 O'CLOCK, A. HL,On the premises on the Clintonville pike, one mile from Paris. Farm consists of ;L6 acres of splendid land, fi ve-room cottage, cistern, meat house,coal house, stock barn, hen house tenant house, and is well watered andfenced. Natural gas mains runs by this property:The live stock, implements, etc., are as follows:1 sorrel mare, 9 years old;1 bay mare, 6-years-old;1 yearling horse colt;1 thoroughbred Jersey Bull;2 thoroughbred Jersey Cows, 7years old;2 thoroughbred Jersey cows, 5years old;1 thoroughbred Jersey Cow, 2years old, calf by her side;1 Duroc Jersey Sow and 8 pigs;9 Duroc Jersey Shoats, weight 75pounds;1 Duroc Jersey Sow to farrow inNoveimber;1 Duroc Jersey Boar;1 mare mule, 3 years old;1 Jersey Heifer, to calve in January; 1 Jersey Heifer, to calve in Spring;1 2-horse wagon and frame;1 Avery Cultivator;1 Cutting Harrow;1 Deering Mower;1 2-horse hay rake;TERMS Made known on daymrf Tl QT3TT! A TTTP.Q A iirHnrpprHarris & Speakes will take pleasure in showing this property;, toprospective buyers.(16-19-23) - ,tawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.T,ry 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Rawleieh Man.(8aug-tf3WHISKY. WINE, BEERComplete formulas and instructions for making at home, rye whiskey, real beer and choicest wines, including jmaking and operating homestill. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; postoffice rules formulas may lawfully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof ?1 check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales ofliquor formulas.BALTIMORE PORMULA COMPANYDepartment 78, Baltimore, Md.(29-tf)OP1 top buggy;2 Breaking Plows; "" f1 tobacco plow ; '1 9 -barrel galvanized "Water tank;1 hog scalding box; ""1 corn sheller;1 cutting box;2 sets wagon gear;1 set buggy harness;1 55-gallon gasoline tank;1 24-foot Tarpaulin; :3 5-gallon milk cans;1 block and tackle;1 set hobbles;2 ricks timothy hay;Half interest in 3 acres corn infield;2 mowing scythes, pitchforks andhoes;2 iron kettles;1 American Cream Separator.Household and kitchen furnitureand other things too numerous tomention.of sale.:frank p. kiser.Administrator W. J. Kiser.f:v - -$?'' fa yj:-v'j?t- fit5-., --TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 19i&THE BotTftBolt ftE, PABIS. XENTOdHyi;j ' w "' " "flGEsQ"1For Cleansing The Delicate Skin ofFace and Neck, Always UseMARINELLOLettuce CreamIt removes the hidden dirt and accumulation of waste matter better than soapand water. Prevents irritation and givesthe skin the natural glow of health.Used and recommended by more than3500 Beauty Shops.SAMPLE FREEM. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main, WASHINGTON'S WARM WELCOME ITO GEN. PERSHING.SOIL YOUB DBINKING WATERDr. A. K. Keller, City Health. Officer, tells THE NEWS man that itwould be a good idea for the peoplegenerally to boil all the water theyuse for drinking and cooking. ThereI WASHINGTON, Sept. 22. Reaching its climax in a scene in the Housechamber that drew added dignityfrom the simplicity of the setting, thenation's welcome to General John J.Pershing came to an end Thursdaywhen the thanks of Congress and ofthe American people were extendedto him and to the army he commanded. j There were no military bands or, ranks of soldiers. But one flag, that.draped on the wall back of theI speaker's chair, was displayed. Theonly other touch of color was the unii forms of the high officers of thearmy and navy gathered to see a comjrade given highest honors. But the! warmth of the greeting he received,1 coupled with the fact that few Amer, icans ever have been similarly honored, could have left no doubt inGeneral jPershing's mind that it wasthe heart of the nation that spoke to.him.The House assembled early; butalready the galleries were crowdedwith members' families and guestsand every doorway framed a wall offaces peering down into the greatchamber. The presence on the floorof a score or more of children, sonsand daughters of members, added tothe almost informal character of thegathering. For the most part theywere little tots, seated round-eyed ontheir fathers' laps to watch this historic event.After the Senate membership, acis some typhoid fever in the city andcounty, and every possible precau-! cording to custom, had marched intotlOtt snoUlQ De taKen. JLI tne arOUtn me xiuuse cuamuer tu xiuu sww inthe front benches, the senior oiticersof the General Staff, headed by General March, took their places on thebenches to the right, while AdmiralBenson led the bureau chiefs of thenavy to similar seats on the left.Members of the President's cabinetfiled in to take seats in the semicircle before the Speaker's desk,leaving vacant a score of chairs inthe center for General Pershing andhis staff."Mr Speaker," announced the Ser-geant-at-arms,"John Pershing, General of the Armies of the UnitedStates, and his staff."Senators, Representatives and thehundreds in the galleries rose to facethe main entrance to the chamber.The door swung back and the JointReception Committee, headed byIf the drouthis not broken there may be manymore cases reported. Citizens musthe very careful what they eat anddrink, and it is especially urgedthat they boil all their drinking water before using it. This simple precaution may be the means of averting serious trouble.oThere is (more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.EVIDENCE TO WARRANT CONVICTION OP PACKERS.conditions and therefore requires , chairmen Wadsworth and Kahn, ofSenate and House Military Committee, " respectively, and their rankingDemocratic colleagues, and includingRepresentative Mondell, majorityfloor leader, and former SpeakerClark, came in. Behind them walkedGeneral Pershing at the head of hisstaff. A roar of applause, punctuated with a shrill "rebel yell," greeted him.Marching like a soldier on parade,the General strode to the chair in thevery center, before the Speaker'sidesk. reserved for him. The tumult1 of welcome subsided only whenconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.tfon.Hall's Family Pills for constipa- - tt J f -.(adv-sept) lpAIlK SPORTS WERE SOMEWHATCamp Knox "was.not named afterSenator Knox, but in one respectther are alike, they are both unpopular.INTERURBAN SCHEDULE'OUT OF LUCK."CARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis LexinetonA. M. 6.00r A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15rA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P..M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:5P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYParis sports certainly had an awful time last week. The Racing Commission gave Lexington seven days ofracing right at the very time the Cincinnati Reds were entertaining theGiants and other teams in crackerjack baseball games. Some wantedto go one place and some another,and the majority wanted to go toboth places at the same time. Ofcourse that was impossible, and thesports were "up against it" to usean inelegant, but very expressivephrase. Those who went to the racescame back sadder and wiser, but willing to make the trip the next day insearch of the elusive fortunes of thetrack.oThe United States must join theLeague of Nations or go to militarism tor protction. If both are evilsthe first is certainly the preferableMiss Vernita Baldwin is visitingher uncle, Mr. James Baldwin, inLynchburg, Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Redmon havereturned from a stay of several daysat Martinsville, Indiana.Miss Judith Lloyd, of Masoncounty, is a patient at the PetreeSanitarium, on Vine street.Mrs. Lewis Mitchell and littledaughter, Josephine, of Mt. Sterling,are guests of relatives in this city.Mrs. Charles Mehagan, of Chicago, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.E. F. Clay, at her home near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. G-. N. Elder havereturned to their home in Richmond,after a visit to Mr. John Rourke andfamily.Mrs. Garrett Dayton has returned to her home in Boyd, Ky., aftera visit to relatives and friends nearthis city.Mrs. Graddy Lewis and daughter, Miss Ruth Lewis, of LittleRock Ark., are guests of Mr. andMrs. Clay Sutherland.Mr. William Shire has returnedfrom a business trip to New York.Mrs. Shire, who accompanied him, remained for a longer visit.Miss Marian Alexander, of Cincinnati, spent the week-end in Paris,as guest of her sister, Miss Kate Alexander, and other relatives.Capt. and Mrs. R. J. Christman,of Staunton, Virginia, are guests ofthe former's uncles, John and GusChristman, of Twentieth street.Mrs. J. W. Wind and daughters,Misses Amelia and Nancy, have returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati, Chicago andother cities.Mr. and Mrs. Barnhill have asguests at their home on the Pea'cockpike, near Paris, Mrs. Helen Martinand son, John Martin, of Charleston,South Carloina.Miss Lois Squires has resumedTior nnitirm as bookkeeDer at theNorth Middletown Deposit Bank after spending her vacation with relatives in this city.Mrs. Henry Preston and Mrs.Harry Hatcher and little son, BruceMiller Hatcher, have returned totheir home in Ashland, after a visitto Mr. Bruce Miller and Miss NannieMiller, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Sim Levy have returned from Cincinnati, where theywent to visit Mr. Levy's sister, Mrs.Hattenbach, of Sfdux City, Iowa, whorecently underwent an operation at Jthe Jewish Hospital, in Cincinnati.Miss Gertrude Welsh left Saturday morning for Nashville, Tenn., tofinish her training course in the St.Thomas Hospital, as nurse. MissWelsh has had one year's training inthe St. Mary's Hospital, in Cincinnati. Andrew Montague, of LongBeach, California, is visiting friendsnear North Middletown. Mr. Montague formerly resided on the oldSeamonds Mill place, near NorthMiddletown. He had been attendingthe meeting of the National G. A. R.at Columbus, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Redmon,of Lexington, Mr. James F. Lea, ofPhiladelphia, Mrs. Wilford, of Memphis, Tenn., and Mr. Robert Lillard,of Arlington, have returned to theirhcjmes after a visit to Mrs. FlorenceGreene and Miss Imogene Redmon, attneir home on Cypress street.(Other Personais on Page 5)ALBANY, N. Y., Sept. 22.Evidence that will "warrant and sustain the indictment of the combination of packers known as the BigFive" will be presented to a grandjury this week, Attorney General A.Mitchell Palmer announced recently at a conference of State andFederal officers called by Gov. Smithto consider the cost of living problem. "There never was before any Government agency," said Mr. Palmer,"so ample a collection of data bearing upon the activities of this giantas there is to-day. When it is laidbefore a jury the wrath of the American people will compel a verdict ofconviction. The story will amazeAmerica." 'The Federal Attorney General indiscussing the high cost of living andthe activities of the Department ofJustice, said the campaign wouldsucceed."It has already succeeded," he said,"in very considerable part in variousportions of the country."Mr. Palmer discussed the causes ofthe high cost of living, which he divided into two groups; one based onworld-wide economic conditions andwhich is a logical result of the conditions that obtained during the war.These conditions produced a situation which only time and the slowprocess of readjustment can changeto the betterment of the people, hedeclared.The other group, he saidj is madeup of people that can be campaignedagainst, as it was composed of people in all classes of business whoupon the justification that "everybody is doing it," and in the confidence that the people expect pricesto be high, have advanced prices ina way that has increased the heavyburden upon the people."They are the most despicablescamps in the community," Mr. Plummer said. "They are found not onlyamong the retailers, but among thewholesalers, the jobbers and the manufacturers. They are the men whoforgot duty to country and to theirfellow-men in a selfish desire to yieldnrofit to themselves. They ought tobe punished if the existing law willpermit, and I think it will."Earlier in the conference Gov.Smith's cost of living investigatingcommission suggested the creation ofa State Clearing House Commissionto be composed of the State Superintendent of Banks, the State Commissioner of Health and the State Commissioner of Farms and Markets toco-ordinate information and eliminate the overlapping of official functions. After reviewing the operations ofthe "Big Five," Attorney GeneralPalmer said that if the people overall the country would act forciblyagainst the "buy now" campaign theywould help materially in solving theproblem of high prices."It is a despicable thing," he said,"for merchants to urge you to buynow in anticipation of prices goinghigher when they know they will not."aBusiness is CallingThe great industrial expansion which this country'is experiencing makes a constantly increasing demandmen and women capable of filling the most responsibfeoffice positions.It is the special work of theFugazzi School to prepare forthe duties of these positions.During the next year scoresof young people will be fittedfor Life by taking the "Fugazzi Way" and given a startin desirable employments.WILL YOU BE ONE OFTHESE?The question is squarely before you for decision. Willyou be a man or woman whoseusefulness inspires, who occupies a dignified position,who lives a life worth while;or will you be an obscuredo-nothing, an insignificantnonenity?If you want to get a good 'start in business and are notfitted for the kind of positionyou wish to occupy, come feThe Fugazzi School and let tsshelp you. Your future dependsmore upon what you do inthis matter than you imagine,for today shapes tomorrow.Send For Free Catalogue "The FvgazziWay"This Catalgue takes the guess-work and worry out ofyour business future. It tells how the "Fugazzi Way"will increase your earning power; how to command aswell as obey. It describes in full our methods and ideals,our various courses and advantages of each, rates of tuition with much other useful information of vital interestto you.Sit down and -write us for it today or phone 1576-XIt's free for the asking.Fugazzi School of BusinessProf. H. B. Southern, President. Prof.L. P. Southern, Vice-PresidentMrs. L. V. Jones, Principal, 118 N. Upper St., Lexington, Ks1 1 1 1 1 HIUtHtltHKHm-KtfHHH II I II I toC1T MUST HAVE BEEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUTDIDN'T SMELL.""Saw a big rat in our cellar lastFall," writes Mrs. Joanny, "andbought a 25c cake of RAT-SNAP,broke it up into small pieces. Lastweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat. Must have been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three sizes 25c, 50c,?1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)one.iinumi.iniiimiB.fab-..Ll.kl.hyiUHIHIBCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.RAbout Your Winter Coal?Cumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouse5ErE3iii Bourbon Laundry!tm1 DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsvTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!.With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IXIIkIXIXII The Bourbon Laundry jxParis, KentuckyixaxasxiISUMMING TJIP THE EVIDENCEMany Paris People Have Been Called As Witnesses."Week after week lias been published the testimony of Paris peoplekidney sufferers backache victims people who have enduredmany forms of kidney, bladder orurinary disorders. These witnesseshave used Doan's Kidney Pills. Allhave given their enthusiastic approval. It's the same everywhere.50,000 American men and womenare publicly recommending Doan'salways in the home papers. Isn'tit a wonderful, convincing mass ofproof? If you are a sufferer yourverdict must be "Try Doan's nrsi.Here's one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St..says: "Some years ago I found itnecessary to use a kidney remedy andas I had read about Doan's KidneyPills, I used them. They proved tobe satisfactory and permanently ridme of the complaint. I have goodreason to recommend Doan's KidneyPills, and advise their use to anyonetroubled with a weak and lameback or irregular passages of thekidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidnev remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo.", Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TANPAKDIZATION SPBEA3SOne breed of pure-bred chickensfor each county, is the aim of thestandardization work of the Extension Division of the College of Agriculture. This work has spread rapidly until $5 counties are now developing this plan. Almost a half a million eggs from pure-bred hens weresecured for setting in these 85 counties last spring. Three-quarters of amillion pure-bred eggs will probablybe sold and distributed in Kentuckyj during the spring of 1920.HUE PREVENTION MANUAL ISSUED TO SCHOOL CHUiDBEN"Safeguarding the Home AgainstFire" is the title of a book whichT. B. Pannel, State Fire Marshal, isdistributing to the school children ofthe State. The book, which is a fireprevention manual for school children, was prepared by the UnitedStates Bureau of Education. In orderto get the important subject of fireprevention inculcated into the mindsof the children teachers are requested to make a study of the book inorder to be prepared to present thesubject to their pupils.The Kentucky statues make itthe duty of the teachers of the nublicand private schools throughout theState to teach fire prevention to" theirpupils at least once each week andto have fire drills at least once eachmonth. The attention of State FireMarshal Pannel has been called tothe fact that the teachers in manyinstances, either through ignoranceof the law or neglect of duty, arefailing to comply with this stateute.If such failures or neglects are reported to Mr. Pannel he proposes tofailing to cojmply with this statute,upon the violators.. oAUCTION SALE OP 450 HEAD OPCATTLE.The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Nlxht : . . Seor Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with aurLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Bii.HEig5MBaHiBBHIliiflHfil&HHHrfcnt4WwAn auction sale of 450 head offeeder and stocker cattle is to takeplace October 1, at Maryville, Tennessee. An advertisement of this factappears in this issue of THE BOURBON NEWS. The sale is being madeby a group of fanmers represented bythe Blount County Council of Agriculture. They are offering manysplendid grade animals, such as areparticularly fitted for feeding for aspring market.Blount county is noted for itssplendid pure-bred Aberdeen-Angusherds in the growing of which it isthe largest south of the Ohio River.Jim Allen says with buttermilkcontaining alcohol cows are liableto arrest for moonshining.. ojThe Isle of Yay is now figuring inthe peace treaty. Why not send therecalcitrant Senators there.niiii i ii n 'M''U'ii n ii i me mmvMM 1 1 rtMUuI$90,000STAKESANDPURSESIEXIHCTDHSept. 29OctTiaSTAKE DATESMONDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, The Futurity (two-year-olds) $7,li,The Walnut Hall Cup (two divisions) ?6,000.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, The Kentucky Futurity t (three-year-oldtrotters) ?14,000.WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, The Cumberland, with the best field oCspacers of the year, $2,000.THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2, The Transylvania, $ 5,000.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, the Lexington (two-year-old trotters) ?2,00.backed by the free-for-all pace, $1,500.SATURDAY, OCTOBER 4, The Kentucky (three-year-old trot'tere)$2,000 and the Free-for-All trot, $1,500.MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, The Phoenix Hotel Prize (probably tiefastest pacing race of the year) $3,000.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, The Castleton (a second Transylvania)$3,000, and the Pacing Futurity $2,000.WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8, The Ashland (two divisions) $4,00THURSDAY, OCTOBER 9, no stakes, but four purses aggregating$4,500.Every day there will be four races and every purse will be fo.$1,000 or more.The Royal Scotch Highlanders Band, which is now filling -9. Soapier season of twelve weeks at the Million Dollar Pier, in AtlantaCity, will give daily concerts.KK!SSXIHMIGEO. W. DAVIS i1 FUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor Equipment ' CBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299II Carner Fifth and Pleasant Stret, Paris, Mp.XJ,M. ' 1 1PAGE foil"STraTHE BOUBBON NEWS, 21B1S, SfiATUCJttWesAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919INTEBESTING OIL NOTESNOTES "OF THE Y. M. C. A.The Lee-Kent Oil Co., of Paris, received information to the effect thattheir Well No. 4, on the PoplarThicket lease, in Lee county, hasbeen "shot," and was showing aflow of forty to fifty barrels a day.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of Paris, salesmanager for the Lee-Kent, was present when- the well was "brought in."Five other wells will be drilled bythe Lee-ljtent in the same vicinitywithin the next ninety days. Mr.Mann, who has just returned froma thorough inspection of the LeeKent holdings, reports everythingprogressing satisfactoryily.THE FAIRFriday and SaturdayBead these Astounding: low prices,right in the face of increasing factory costs.A WONDERFUL SHOWING FORFRIDAY AND SATURDAY.Heavy Waterproof School Bags,Tegular 69 c, reduced to 49 c.Lunch Boxes, Calfskin Leather.Straps, regular 20c grade, at" 10c.White Porcelain, full size DinnerPlates, a set 73c, Dinner Sets, severaldecorations, to choose from 42 piecesets, good $10,00 value, reduced to?7.98.See our line of Cups and Saucers,all reduced in price, for Saturdayonly.Men's Black and Tan JerseyGloves, with or without gauntlets,18c pair. "Japanned Chamber Pails, 12 quartsize, with covers, 98c.Large size roll Toilet Paper, 8c.Pure Aluminum Convex CookingKettles, 6-quart size, heavy stock,polished outside, only one to any onecustomer, each $1.49.Sheet Iron Biscuit Pans, 9x12 size,each lie.Heavy Tin Wash Basins, 13 inchacross the' top, each 10c.Congoleum Rugs, 9x12, regular$17.00 , assorted patterns, at $13.95.I At a meeting of the superintend. ents of the Sunday schools of the cityheld at the Y. M. C. A. last night,details were worked out for the organization of a Community Sundayi School Teachers' Training Class.Mr. L. P. Zerfoss, of Lexington,District Secretary of the Y. M. C. A.,was here Friday making arrangements for the large delegation fromBourbon county expected to attendthe John R. Mott dinner to be givenin Louisville on October 2.The stag social given by the dormitory (men last week will be made aregular feature of the Y. M. C. A.The following were appointed a committee to arrange for the next so-icial: L. B. Grraffin, Y. H. Harrisonand R. W. Ogden.The opening of the physical department took place last night. Inaddition to a demonstration of apparatus work by Secretaries Harrisonand Sheffield, a demonstration wasgiven by the Boy Scouts. Boxingand wrestling will be added to thephysical program, in charge of Mr.Harrison. A tennis tournament willbe held as soon as organization of thetennis club is completed.FtRE IN COVERED BRIDGEAn alarm from Box 23, Friday afternoon called the fire department tothe old covered bridge on theGeorgetown pike, near the city limits. The floor of the structure hadtaken fire fropn unknown cause.The department extinguished theblaze, which caused a very smallproperty loss. This is one of the oldest bridges in the State. Very fewpersons now living can rememberwhen it was built. It is constructedof hand-hewn timbers fastened together with wooden wedges andhand-made bolts.B-4 riREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoFIRE DESTROYS TWO BARNSNEAR STANFORD.FARM LANDS AND .HANDSOMECITY PROPERTY AT AUCTIONWatch for the big advertisementin next issue, of the I. D. Thompson,farm on the Clintonville pike, andthe handsome town home on Duncanavenue at public auction. Read overdescription of property and wait forthe sale if you want something goodeither in town or the country. (It)Wall Paper New fall patternsjust in.9x12 Matting Rugs, Stove Boards,all sizes.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf)TO ELECT TRUSTEES.THE FAIRAn election will be held in severalschool districts of the county on Saturday, October 4, to select trusteesfor the county schools. The schoolswhere vacencies are to be filled areEscondida, Letton, Stony Point, Tarr,Deaver, Houston, Spears Mill, Bethlehem, Clay's Cross Roads, Burris,Palmer, Center-Hill, Kiserton andHutchison. The voting will takeplace at the white schools from oneto five o'clock, on the afternoon ofOctober 4.J. J. Hamilton, of Stanford, losttwo large tobacco and stock barnsFriday night by fire of unknownorigin. The loss apnounts to severalthousand dollars, with only $400 insurance. One of the barns containedabout 2,600 bales of hay and quite alot of tobacco that had recently beencut. The barns lost were neartheresidence on the Beasley farm, butthe fire was beyond control when theflames were discovered.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanQWINCHESTER HOME BADLY DAMAGED BY HRE.The home of Col. R. C. Oldham, inWinchester, late candidates for theDemocratic nomination for Lieutenant-Governor,was badly damaged byfire at 2:30 o'clock Saturday morning. The blaze originated on therear porch, possibly from electricwiring and was discovered by MissFannie Collins Crittenden, an auntof Col. Oldhajm, who was a visitor atthe home.The residence is valued at $8,500and was owned by Prewitt Harris.Harris carried $4,000 insurance,which will cover the damage.The fire had gained considerableheadway when discovered and Col.j Oldham and his family barely hadtime to rescue their clothing and escape. oTHE TRANSYLVANIA STAKEThe Transylvania, which annuallydetermines the trotting championship, will be raced at Lexington, October 2. (23-26)' 'Copyright 1917, A B. Kirschbauin Co,"CLOTHING SATISFACTION"Can Be Found Here For Men and Young Men.IT is always our aim to shlect clothing in styles, fabrics and patterns that will satisfy thetastes of young men and men. We have made special efforts this seeson to selectclothing that will satisfy, and in view of merchandise conditions we feel particularlyfortuanate and know you will be able to make pleasant selections here now.Young men coming into our store will delight in the styles shown coats with belts insingle and double breasted and waist seams are popular models. Many other good modelsshown for both men and young men.You can't help but like the colorings and patterns shown. Every suit a value youwill appreciate.$15.00 to $45.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Will Be Sold at Public AuctionOn the Premises on the North Middle townonTuesday, October 7, 1919, 10:30 A. MLContains 547 acres of land in a high state of cultivation and is now being surveyed for division into several mall farms.This farm is one of the best in the county and adjoins the CITY LIMITS OF PARIS, KY., faces on the North MiddletownPike, Maysville Division of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad and the waters of Stoner Creek. For many years it wasthe stock raising farm of the late G. G. White, and was practically all in grass. There is no better land. Its soil is deepand fertile and will grow fine tobacco, corn or hemp.A plat of the farm will be ready in a few days showing meets and bounds of each tract and describing improvements"The property belongs to Hinton Bros., who are selling to effect a division of the undivided interest of each: owner.Watch for big display ad giving full description of this splendid farm. .HARRIS & SPEAKES' ".'- t.'Real Estate Dealers"f-.- y m, vKfcL. D. HARRIS, General ManagerCOL. GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer3tEifWSfvTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919THE BOUBBOK NEWS, PABIS, KEHTUCET"p 'J PAGE HTXVII.4Mj.. Biy,S!9FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the samedav it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)(12-tf)oPKESERVIITG PEAESBuy 3rour pears for preserving fromus and be assured of getting theprice and a good quality of fruit.(1) C. P. COOK & CO.. oCLOSED THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere." The Simon Department Store willbe closed on Thursday and Friday ofthis week on account of those daysheing Jewish holidays. (It). oTHEIVES AGAIN" BUSY.Thieves entered the meat house onthe farm of Mr. Roscoe Carmichael,near Paris, and secured a large quantity of tmeat. The visitor or visitorsleft no clue. The burglary was reported to the authorities.o' HINTON WILL PROBATED.According to the provisions of hiswill, which was probated and filedfor record in County Clerk Paton'soffice, all the property of the late C.O. Hinton is devised to his wife, Mrs.Anna Bruce McClure Hinton. Mrs.Hinton is named as executrix. Inthe will it was requested that no"bond be required f the executrix,End that no inventory of the estatebe taken.o-THE NEWEST AND FRESHESTJust in, and more coming, fromthe chief millinery producing centersof the United States, an imposing andpleasing array of the latest creationsof the milliner's art. Designed andproduced by artists. Call and seethem.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.12-tf)oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)Nancy Griffith, Ollie and Lorine Butler.RESIGNS SCHOOL POSITIONMiss Daisy Detwiller has resignedher position as a member of the ParisHigh School faculty, and has takena position in the Graded School atlier old home, North Middletown.She is succeeded in the Paris schoolby Miss Alma Rice, formerly of NorthSliddletown.FARM LANDS AND HANDSOMECITY PROPERTY AT AUCTIONWatch for the big advertisementin next issue, of the I. D. Thompsonfarm on the Clintonville pike and thehandsome town home on Duncan ave3iue at public auction. Read overdescription of these two pieces ofproperty and wait for the sale if youwant something good, either in townor the country. (It)oSATURDAY FIELD DAY FOR ARTHUR HANCOCK.Saturday was a field day in thematter of thoroughbred horse breeding of Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,(master of Clairborne and EllerslieStuds. Aside from being the breederof Blazes, winner of the Breeders'Futurity, he owns the sire and damof Constancy, winner of the EasternShore Stakes at Havre de Grace, Saturday, and he likewise is the breederof Hobey Baker, which finished second in that race. During the day hebought from J. C. Milam the mareSummer Nnight (dam of MidnightSun.PREPARE WHILE YOU CAN; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themnut up while you can.A. F. WHEELER CO.(23-tf)o-TRIBUTE TO LOCAL MASONIn the last issue of The MasonicHome Journal, published at Louisville, appears a remarkably life-likehalf tone picture of Capt. James R.Rogers, of Paris, together with abeautiful tribute to his life and charaster, and his association with Masonic work. Capt. Rogers is at present secretary of Hope Lodge, at Little Rock, in this county, and one ofthe piost active workers in. the county in the interest of Masonry. In itstribute. The Masonic Journal says ofCapt. Rogers: "Though, seventy-nineyears have come and gone since hefirst saw the light, he'is yet active,vigorous, has the courage of a lion,the patience of an ox, and in mindthe swiftness of an eagle."Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Keal are visiting relatives and friends in Clarksburg, West Virginia.Mrs. Wm. H. Fisher has as guestthe past week Mrs. Thomas Fleming,of Fort Scott, Kansas. .Mr. and Mrs. James Ferguson,of Alabama, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Wm. Kenney Ferguson.Miss Katherine Marsh has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Rion Dow, in Ft. Dodge, Iowa.Mrs. Charlton Alexander has returned to her hopne near Paris, aftera visit to relatives in Flemingsburg.Mrs. Charlton Clay, -of Paris,was a member of a camping partyat the Boonesboro beach fropi Saturday to Monday.Mr. James Groat, of Vanceburg,was in Paris, Saturday, en route toBerea, where he will enter BereaCollege as a student.Mrs. E. F. Spears is ill at herhome on High street from the effectsof a fall and nervous shock sustained some tipne ago.Mr. John Ardery, of New Orleans, has arrived for a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney S. Ardery, Sr., on Seventh street.Mr. William Chisholm, cashierat the Third street freight station ofthe Louisville & Nashville reilroad,is spending his vacation in Cincinnati.Among recent visitors in Pariswere Rev. Dr. Frank Cheek , ofDanville, D. L. Cobb and Thos. Curtis, prqmenenl business men of Richmond. Mrs. James Cummins, Jr., andMi-s. Fannie Cujmmins have gone toPhiladelphia, to see Mr. Owen Cummins, who is very ill in a hospitalthere.Mr. Andrew Reffert, of nearParis, is a patient at a Cincinnatihospital, where he is recovering fromthe effects of an operation recentlyperformed.Mr. John Yerkes, cashier of theFarmers' and Traders' Bank ofParis, returned yesterday from a visitto his mother, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, inLos Angeles, California.Mrs. William Alexander Goodson entertained in the private diningroom of the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Friday afternoon, with abridge party. The consolation prize,a book, was won by Mrs. W. E. Patton, of Paris.Mrs. Boone Baldwin and son,Clarence, left Sunday for Staunton,Va., where the latter will enter theStaunton Military Academy. Mrs.Baldwin will spend several weeks inVirginia and West Virginia as aguest of relatives and friends.Mr. and Mrs. William E. Simms,of Airdrie, entertained at the Country Club, near Lexington, with adinner in honor of Mr. and Mrs.Kenneth Alexander. Mr. and Mrs.Simms and children have just returned frojm spending the season attheir summer cottage at Wequetonsing. Rev. B. F. Orr and daughter,Miss Olivia Orr, of Paris, left yesterday jmorning for Elkton, Ky., to attend the annual meeting of the Louisville conference of the MethodistChurch, South. Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, Field Secretary of the Epworth League, will leave this morning to attend the sessions.Mr. Joseph Giltner, a formerresident of Bourbon county, now residing near Arvada, Colorado, is revisiting his old home and renewingacquaintance with his old friends.Mr. Giltner left' Paris several yearsago to reside in Colorado for the benefit of his health. He has gained inhealth and prosperity and says thegreat West is the making of a manin his case.Mrs. E. M. Dickson and Mrs. Durand Whipple entertained with alovely afternoon bridge party FridaynftAnnnn tn n.hont fiftv friends. Thehome was lovely for the occasion,with added decorations of fragrantautu,mn flowers and handsome growing ferns. Mrs. Dickson and Mrs.Whipple received their guests in theliving room and after the games avery elaborate and delicius saladcourse was served. For the highestscore, Mrs. O. L. Davis, received aplatinum finished photograph frame.The second score was made by Mrs.John Yerkes and she received a Bohemian glass bowl. The third prizewas awarded to Mrs. Carl Wilmoth.Those who enjoyed the delightfulhospitality were: Mesdames 0. L.Davis, John Yerkes, J. M. Hall, Warren Rogers, Lewis Rogers, O. T. Hinton, E. F. Prichard, John StuartRoberts, Charles Daugherty, A.B. Hancock, Thompson, TarrMiller Ward, V. W. Ferguson, Duncan Bell, H. M. Roseberry,James H. Thompson, Carl Wiljmoth,nnnkner Woodford. John Woodford,John Davis, Amos Turney, Jr., BrinchMeinertz, W. G. McClintock, J. T.Vansant, Catesby Woodford, J. FrankClay, Harry Clay, Frank M. Clay,Robert Ferguson, James Woodford,Jr., Benjamin Woodford, Thomas Allen, Thornwell Tadlock, Charles A.Webber, Walter Kenney, ClarenceKenney, Edith Myall, William Ardery,, Fay' Ardery, Sidney Ardery,William Dudley, James W. Thompson, Charlton Alexander, Wade Whitley,, Milton C. Browning; Misses Elizabeth Steele, Elizabeth Embry, Mar-Ferguson, Mayme jnoiuimy,Mrs. Milton C. Browning will en-4tertain at her home on Duncan avenue this (Tuesday) afternoon, witha bridge party.Dr. ana Mrs. Ernest Hosierhave returned to Lexington after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. S. KenneyNichols, on High street.Mr. and Mrs. T. Porter Smith,of Los Angeles, California, are guestsat the home of Mrs. Ruby .Arnsparger, on High street. This is theirfirst visit together to Paris after anabsence of nearly fifteen years.The Progressive Culture Clubwill resume meetings for the fall andwinter at their club rooms, on nextThursday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.The North Middletown Woman's Club opened its fall and winterseason Friday. Prof. E. F. Farquhar,of the University of Kentucky, addressed the Club on the subject of"Biblical Literature."Autumn Opening;Introducing the Newest Colorings and theMost Favored Fabrics inSuits,Coats,Dresses,Skirts jjWaists, Hosiery and Millinery jFor Autumn Wear iThe first meeting for the clubyear for the Paris Literary Club willbe held at the club rooms on Highstreet, to-morrow afternoon at 2:30o'clock. The topic for the season willbe "The New Testament." Eachmember of the Club will invite aguest to attend. Rev. W. E. Elliswill address the Club.Mr. Clarence M. Thomas, of thePeoples Deposit Bank, and Mr.Buckner Woodford, of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, attended the meeting of theCentral Kentucky bankers, held inthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,Friday. Addresses were made by Mr.D. C. Wills, of Cleveland, O., .president of the Board of Directors of theCleveland Federal Reserve District,Mr. Charles N. Manning, of Lexington, and others.Mesdames Carlie Wilmoth, J. W.Bacon, Harry Shropshire, D. C.Lisle, and Miss Clara Bacon, of Paris,were Bourbon county guests at themeeting of the Leesburg Bridge Clubheld at the home of Mrs. Anna Wallace, in Leesburg, last week. Thefirst prize, a Japanese bridge bell,was won by Mrs. Walter Shropshire.Mrs. Jos. Evans was awarded the second prize, a box of stationery, whilethe guest prize, a Japanese tray, waspresented to Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth.Mrs. Edward Fretwell Prichardwas hostess Saturday afternoon at an"At Home," at her residence on EastSeventh street to a number of friendsThe hostess was assisted in receivingby Misses Nancy Griffith, Mary Fithian Hutchcraf t, and Mesdames Woodford Daniel, O. T. Hinton, Amos Turney, Jr., Rudolph Davis, John F.Davis, Henry A. Power and J. T.Brown. Coffee was served the guestsby Misses Elizabeth Steele and Margaret Ferguson, while Mrs. Wm. O.Hinton presided at the coffee urn.(Other Personals on Page 3.)EVERY DAY AN OPENING.The SuitsAre sufficient unto themselves. "Theyhave the Wintry look wanted in a suit,"is the compliment many women pay'them.The CoatsThis is a greatly favored season fora separate coat. Full length models withgraceful lines is a distinguishing feature.The DressesSashes play an importont part inmany of the dresses. Others adopt narrow lines with suggestions of width atthe hips.The WaistsThe beauty of design is styled intoevery blouse and waist we are showingduring our opening. Some have buttonswhile others are made to slip over thehead, drawing back into a softly foldedsash that ties in the back.IIThe HosieryThe fine weave of these hose re-minds you of glove silk and their snapeliness lend a touch of completeness to thesmart frock or erown. XIt's "opening day" every day at ourstore, where millinery for ladies ofexacting taste is made and displayed.There are styles and styles, and pilesof styles. Many already in and niorecoming. An inspection cordially invited. For the newest, the latest,MRS.' CORNE WATSON BAIRD.(12-tf)oNOTICEThe W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital is open now as always for thereception of patients.(23-3t) M. BOEHM, Supt.The SkirtsA varied showing in serges and softsilks with the latest trimmings. Othersare of plaid velours, some being in accordion pleated models. You can easilyfind your skirt here.The MillineryOur millinery possesses an effectiveness and novelty in the use of handwork on the many models. Others aretrimmed in new and fascinating waysthat appeal to the misses and the matrons.iHARRY SIMON324. W. Main St.Lexington, Ky,I,.:Main StreetParis, Ky.::::xbLOSTBetween the Cumberland Telephone office and the corner of Mainand Twelfth streets, Sunday, acajmeo ring. Finder leave at THENEWS office and receive suitable reward. (It)Field Glasses FoundFound, yesterday, near the residence of Mr. Wm. G-rannan, at thecorner of Main and Tenth streets, apair of field glasses. Owner can havesame by proving property and paying charges at this office. (It)Don1?OUmeed x mceewCoucW'- mji A P. 1 'IflN A .B ' 1W Jfihm ;.hft- ,"Census Clerks WantedCensus Cle'rks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equity Building, Washington.(23-tf)WantedgaretMan with good horse and coveredwagon, to sell and deliver bakeryproducts. Good money to the rightman. Apply at corner of Tenth andPleasant streets. (23-3t)Tires For SaleOne set of Ford tires, and innertube's, cheap for cash. Can be seenatthis office.Mrs. HomeloVer:A Sanitary Couch is one of the blessing of today. It is a useful piece of furniture all day andcan be turned into a useful bed at night.We have several handsome styles of Couchesthat Will fit your home and the PRICE will fityour pocketbook.For everything you need in Furniture andHouse furnishings, remember we keep HIGHQUALITY goods.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undrtaklftx-MMMl4,ix1XIXIXIXIXm-t- .N5". -5sSJftfB,r. l& ",Vvv!TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER. 23, ljlftPAGE SIXTEE BOUBBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY4,"S'5 -iiHAD CHRONIC BRONCHITISFOR TWENTY-SIX YEARSNOW WELL AND HAPPYTHIS IS WORTH READING tThe experience of Mr. E. J. Tou-palik, 1438 Rose street, LaCrosse,Wisconsin, is chiefly remarkableon account of the length of timehe was afflicted.He writes: "I have been suffering with chronic bronchitis fortwenty-six years and every winterI would catch cold and become sohoarse I could not speak for six oreight weeks' I $ould get only temporary relief. . "i"This winter I was taken withGrip and was in awful shape. Afellow workman advised me to takePE-BJJ-NA. By the time I badused three-fourths of a bottle, the.hoarseness was gone, also thatHred feeling. I am on my secondbottle. Hereafter PE-BU-NA willbe constantly in. my house. It isthe best medicine ever put up forUhe purposed ) Z' ?pr any" disease due to catarrhor catarrhal conditions, PE-BU-NAis equally dependable. Coughs,colds, catarrh of the head, stomachtrouble, constipation, rheumatism,pains in the back, side and loins,bloating, belching gas, indigestion,catarrh of the large and small in-,.testines, are-some of the troublesfor which PE-BU-NA is especiallyrecommended. "'PE-BU-NA can be purchasedanywhere in either tablet or liquidform, r""AS THE FOUNDATION, SO THESTBUCTUBE.Build upon a solid basis, an edifice possesses stability that defiesstorms and the raging" ot the ele-, ments. Built upon shifting sandsdestructton. c6mes without" warningand at anv moment.. A Vffa fcfnrin A trained inThrift, forethought and wise saving,lays the foundation of a characterthat can know and grasp opportunities that can meet life's emergencies with that calm strength born'nly from the knowledge that it isjmaster of every situation.Eut if in youth, wastefulness andself-indulgence, superficiality thethought of living for to-day with nothought of the morrow is cultivated, then, indeed, is this housebuilt upon the sands.Sound investment lays a soundfoundation. Fortunes best based isU. S. Government securities.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against. FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. . FEEAGENTbrighter:EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.9ser Olectricity, for Cigbting'It's the only satisfactory way.use Sasfor Seating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.'Let Us Fix You UpFr the Use of BothElectricity tnd Gas.Paris Gu& Electric Co.ANOTHER CUBE "FOB HANK BOL-SHEVISM.' "There are 8,000,000 persons whoown their home in France, and I amvery sure there will be very littleBolshevism in- that great country forthis reason," declared Edward N.Hurley, chairman of the UnitedStates Shipping Board. "A man whoowns his own home is a better citizen, his fajnily is better provided for,and he is a better workman whenhe carries on his shoulders the responsibility of a home."Writing along this same line in theJuly issue of Association Men, by P.T. Miller, formerly director of theDivision of Public Works and Construction.Department of Labor, says,"In this country in 1890, statisticians advise us, 52 per cent, livedunder the rental system, in 1910 atleast 55 per cent., and that now it isprobably 58 per cent. Slight as thepercentage changes are, the tendencytoward tenantry in this country hasextended over many years and is unmistakable, and is the most ominous sign for a country of majorityrule. If to-day but 42 per cent, ofthe people, live in their own homes,twenty years hence but 35 per centmay do so. Tie landlord class is increasing and the property owningclass is decreasing."A common interest in the nation's wealth and the widest possible distribution of real property areessential to our national well-being"The housing problem which mustbe met in certain congested districtsand for certain of the newcomers inourcountry as in part a nationalsequence of our JaGk of &m owning. If "," oecome a nation of homeowners we shall have but a minorhousing problem."Since the Declaration of Inde-Pendence the United States has beeninvolved in a war on an average ofonce in twenty years. These werenot offensive wars, but to defend thehojme. That is another reason whyhome owning is of great importanceto-day."oCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND BI-ABBHOEA REMEDY INMICHIGANMrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wish to thank you for yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Bemedy. Weare never without it in the house, andI am sure it saved our baby's lifethis sujmmer."Mrs. Mary Carrington, Caseville,Mich., says, "I have used Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Bemedyfor years and it has always givenprompt relief."(adv-sept)oTEXAS A BIG STATE.A State that never does anythingby halves is Texas.On the sale of Treasury SavingsCertificates the State set a quota, andfor August and September it musthave been a big one. We gather thisfrojm the Dallas, Texas, Bulletin.The three banks in Gorman, Texas,purchased $11,200 in one week fortheir customers. Next week theybought ?71,200.Desdemona, Texas, ordered throughits banks $38,000 worth the firstweek and said by September 15 orders would be placed for an additional $25,000.The Chambers County State Bankset a sixty-day quota of $75,000 forAugust and September, and by September had sold $65,000.Texas financiers agree that thisTreasury Savings Certificate is themost attractive security the Government has ever offered.Will the banks of Missouri, Arkansas and Kentucky give as loyalsupport to this campaign as theEleventh Federal Reserve District issecuring from the banks in Texas?oDESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried them do so atonce.(adv-sept)oLONG LINES WAITEDThe corridors of "old State" werecrowded last week with young menand women waiting to enroll forwork this season. The war activitiesof last year were out of the way.The big registration of the first fewdays of this school year showed thata material increase of the studentbody was certain at the State University for 1919-20.oTHE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any mer-j chant can have is a satisfied customer. No greater recommedation canbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop. GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedyfor years and have always found thatit gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)oIf the purchasing power of moneycontinues to decline a nickle canonly be used in a church collectionPlate.MEETING OP KENTU1CKY GBANDLODGE, I. 0. 0. P.Five thousand Odd Fellows ofKentucky and Southern Indiana areexpected to attend the KentuckyState Grand Lodge meeting in Louisville, Tuesday and Wednesday, October 14 and 15. The exemplificationof the Second Degree on Tuesdavnight by. Home Lodge No. 25, withtheir champion degree team, is thedrawing card.The sessions of the Grand Lodgewill be held in the Scottish Bite Cathedral. The Second Degree workwill be exemplified in the Aipnory,one of the largest exhibit halls inthe world, whose balcony seats sixthousand people. A class of onehundred and twenty-five will be initiated. A special train of Odd Fellowsfrom Harrodsburg and vicinity hasalready been arranged for. It isprobable that other specials will bemade up from Western and EasternKentucky. A rate of one and one-third fare has been granted for allpoints of Kentucky. This rate willbe granted on the certificate plan,and those attending should securecertificates and receipts from thestation agents in their home townsbefore they start for Louisville. Efforts are being made to secure aspecial rate from Southern Indianapoints, with good prospects of success. In Kentucky there the 27,000 OddFellows, members of three hundredand sixty local lodges. These lodgeswill send eight hundred official representatives alone to the LouisvilleGOnvenudn. In Southern Indianathere are 30,000 Odd Fellows, ofwhom ten percent, are expected tocciie to the meeting.Meetings will be held at 9:00 a.m., 1:30 p. m., and 8:30 p. m., pnboth. Tuesday and Wednesday.Louisville is the home of theGrand Lodge of Kentucky. George I.Breiel, of Newport, is Grand Masterand B. G. Elliott, Lexington, isGrand Secretary. H. D. Wilding isNoble Grand of the Home Lodge, andAmbrose Bruner is Secretary. Further information may be securedfrom Mr. Bruner or the LouisvilleConvention and Publicity League.- oSUMMER, BESOBT POB PARKSHILL SITE.J. P. Banta, of Carlisle, purchasedthe Parks Hill grounds containingabout seven acres and will sub-dividethe parcel of ground into small lotswith the idea in view that personswill buy them and erect upon themsummer cottages. His plan is meeting with splendid success as pnorethan fifty persons have alreadyspoken for lots.Mr. Banta and P. D. Darnall havebeen engaged for the past severaldays in staking off the lots and arranging for the plat which, whencompleted will afford convenience tothose buying the lots. It is Mr.Banta's plan to leave a considerablespace in the center of the grounds forpurpose of erecting a large hotel ata later date. Notwithstanding thisbeautiful site overlooks Licking River, Mr. Banta intends to build a largeswimming pool near the site of theold well and make other improvements for the pleasure of those whobuy lots and erect cottages.As the work of laying off the lotsis not yet completed it is not knownjust how many lots aret o be sold.The price of the lots will be $100.oMT. STEBUNG MEN BUY BIGBOURBON FARM.(Mt. Sterling Gazette)Messrs. Matt C. Clay and S. B.Lane, of this city, bought 372 acresof the Ford estate in Bourboncounty, which was offered at publicauction Tuesday afternoon. For onetract of 155 acres they gave $131.75,(making the average of their entirepurchase $308 an acre. The tractsecured by the local men containsthe elegant old Ford home and practically every acre which they boughtis excellent land. It is the intentionof Messrs. Clay and Lane to farmtheir purchase, raising tobacco principally. They will likely install alocal jman on the place to manage it.oWALKS INTO PROPELLER OFMOVING AIRPLANEFailing to notice that the propelleron the airplane owned by GuthrieClark was revolving, Henry Vandeventer, a 60-year-old merchant atMillville, Franklin county, walkinginto it, sustained injuries from whichhe died. His skull was crushed, hisarm broken and he was injured internally. . This plane was damaged by thecows on the farm of Senator Camdenand Clark had moved it ao Millville.YOUTH WINS AGAINThe veteran breeders in Durocswho showed in the Junior Sow Pigclass at the State Fair, are wondering what happened to them. Thefirst, second and third prizes went toa girl and two boys who were members of the Pig Clubs of the StateThese three prizes were taken in ahotly contested ring with 37 giltsshowing. An eleven-year-old boy gottl Junior Chajmpionship in theHampshire class with a Hampshiregilt.oWe notice where Lawless is on theLouisville police force. Rather anI appropriate name for a policeman inLouisville at this tijme.t wJ3mmTheyf-fl I J EVERXBODT KNOWS14-JL f HjS VMX2IRKBAD MEANS BUICK JjiWhen Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build TheniC. $. BALL GAUAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets.LOVE LETTER DELIVERED AFTER TEN YEARS. .Herbert TJiacher, proprietor of aSalina, Kansas, , theatre, received aletter a few days ago frojm, a girl atGorham, less than 200 miles west ofSalina. The letter was written tenyears and Ave months ago, severalyears before Mr. Thacher was married. oJUST WHAT SHE NEEDED."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to be just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta Bankson, Chillicothe, Mo."They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver andrid me of hanlranTip nnil riivfnoaa "ho- ..-....,.., ,.i naa been subject to for some time.They did me a world of good and Iwill always speak a good word forthem." t ,,. i t . . .,.. ,. . . .(adY-aept)THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Sedan is the favorite family car1seats five comfortably. While an enclosed car Iwith permanent top, it has large windows, and Jmay in a minutebe changed to a most delightful open car with always a top protectingagainst the sun. In inclement weather it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof cold-proof.Finely upholstered. Equipped with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3-inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?ar w lne deiignts or tne electricWK LU1 TT1I.U WUW W,WUVUJ V. jpora.Ruggles Motor16 Bank Row, Paris,Buick - built FrontDrop forged in a single piece from bar steel ofspecial formula, it is strong enough to bear theweight of a truck, and pyrometer controlled heattreatment gives it a steel structure of remarkabletoughness and uniformity.This axle is designed by Buick engineers, forgedand built complete in the Buick factory, directlyunder the supervision of the men whose reputationsdepend upon its serviceability. From its I-beamsection to its drop forged steering connections,, everydetail is worked out to perfection. The Buick frontaxle is typical of the perfectly controlled quality thatgives Buick cars their unusual capacity for service.JA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY,, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phoae 40' Hon Pfcoo 1IIWCo,Ky.Axlert ': &may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiled'garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.1-TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2Z, 1919THE BOURBOH NEWS, PUIS, JEEHTUCU.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404HKST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136j U ,-" CSolves VowHeating ProblemPREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEa blessing last winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floors' and walls for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar but does notheat it. Come in and see thissubstantial, well-built furnace. Itis a fuel and labor saver. JA.S. Best & Co.. Agts.Millersburg, Ky.Both Phones 33Lift off Corns',Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecosts only a few cents.raL VFULLWith, your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from, bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)oNEW TREASURY POLICY.THE WOMAN'S CAMPAIGNMIDIOPMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARUnder the new savings policy ofthe United States Treasury additionalopportunities are afforded practicallyto every one to lay aside a fund foremergencies. The means by whichthis may be done lie in the issue of$100 and ? 1,0 00 registered TreasurySavings Certificates.Purchasing one of these certificates jmay be likened to planting acrop "and then watching it grow withthe definite assurance that it willyield a certain amount. Unlike othercrops, however it is not necessary tocultivate it or to irrigate it or fenceit in. Its growth is sure and it isnot subject to market fluctuations.Subject to ten days' notice, it is ademand obligation of the UnitedStates Government.On the other hand, the certificatesare unlike most other securities inthat there are no stated intervals atwhich interest is paid. If the holderdesires his money back he can get itwith the interest it has earned, uponmaking the proper written demand.Every person who can afford to doso is invited by the United tSatesTreasury Department to invest to thelimit, $1,000, in these new securities.A $100 Treasury Savings Certificate costs $83.80 in August and a$1,000 certificate costs $838.00. Theprices increase every month, and investors are therefore urged to buybefore the next advance comes.Certificates of both the $100 and$1,000 denojminations may be had atany bank or trust company authorized to handle War Savings Stampsand at Federal Reserve Banks. Inaddition, the $100 Certificates arehandled by all postofflces of the firstand second class. Certificates ofboth denominations may be boughtoutright or will be given for the necessary number of War SavingsStamps of the 1919 series.. oREAD WHAT U. S. DEPARTMENTOF AGRICLUTURE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN DO.Tired of investigations and theplethora of proposals for reductionof the high cost of living, and believing that by education rather thanlegislation is the proper way inwhich to combat the profiteers, theDaily Food Alliance, of New YorkCity, has alligned itself with theWomen's National Economic Committee in a campaign to line up 20,000,000 women to war on foodprofiteering.The co-operation of the housewives of the nation, supplementedby co-ordination of all other available helpful agencies, should bringquick results in the matter of lowering prices.The women in any community arethe buyers. They look after thehome expenses. It is the circulationof the money used in the home expense account which, keeps businessgoing.We cannot correct all the socialevils of our day, or hope that theywill all be eradicated in any proximate future, but it is our businessto assist in remedying such wrongsas are possible to be reached, andcertainly the high living cost shouldyield before the onslaught of 2 0,0 00,000 intelligent and determinedwomen.Close organization will tell. Thesewomen will be fighting for theirhomes and children. They will befighting to discomfit and dismayconscienceless food speculators, pirates who levy tribute and still hopeto escape that just penalty whichshould be their due.Let the women go a-marketing, asis proposed by the new alliance, andnot only will they accomplish practical results, but in this way find apleasant outlet for more or less suppressed energies.oPRINTERS THREATEN TO STRIKEIN NEW YORK.Officials of "Big Six," the unionof printers, in New York, whose demands for an increase of $14 a weekin all present wage scales in bookand job offices and the establishmentby October 1 of a forty-four-hourweek have been met by a threat onthe part of 152 New York periodicalpublishers to suspend publication orto move their plants to Western cities, where they will be free of labor"radicalism," announced their willingness to arbitrate the question ofhigher pay. They declared theywere determined, however, to insiston their demand for shorter hours,refusal of which would mean astrike.John Adams Thayer, secretary ofthe New York Publishers' Association, in a statement, said that twopublishers of publications of national circulation were preparing tosell out their real estate n NewYork Cty and were arranging topurchase land and buildings in othercities.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyCAliAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSAccording to government figures,two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,482 individual rats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. RAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing with otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno sjmell. Cats or dogs won't touchit. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)oThe chances are that the world'sseries will be played before theWorld's League of Nations isadopted.JACK FROST APPROACHESThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any othe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in emergency.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you U,amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good propective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seo.onds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c pelday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompanyBy giving attention to the facts established by the Weather Bureau ofthe United States Department of Agriculture, farmers and gardeners often may save crops and money byprotecting their plantings from frost.For instance, a valley or depression jmay be a regular catch-all forfrosts, while a hill beside it may bevisited much less frequently. Thereis a well-recognized tendency forthe air near the surface in depressions or more or less inclosed valleysto become denser, and colder thanthat on near-by hillsides, which increases the frost risk in the lowlands.The lesson from these facts is thatearly and tender crops should, so faras practicable, be confined to crests,hillsides, and mountain sites, andlater and harder crops should beplanted in lowlands and valleys.o11 CENTS POUND EOR SUGAR ISTOO .MUCH.(Incorp orated)J. J. Veatch, District ManagesW. H. Cannon, Local Manager.WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANYTfo CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over110 and accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets eqnal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $250 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210 S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.Retail grocers charging more than11 cents, pound for granulated sugarare charging too much, accordingto an announcement by H. B. Smith,Secretary of the Kentucky High Costof Living Commission. Dealers guiltyof sugar profiteering are subject toFederal prosecution, he said, andasks that all overcharges be promptlyreported. Meat prices, the commission said, are not declining fastenough in the retail market and itis expected butcher profiteering willcome in for the commission's attention. oBeware of Compromised.One temptation in making difficultdecisions is to compromise. You aren'tsure which way is the best, you seekto combine the advantages of both, andmany a time merely combine 'all thedisadvantages. To he sure, there aretimes when a compromise Is the wisestcourse, but there are just as manytimes when it is cowardice and weakness. How can one tell which timesare which? Well, that is simply another decision for you.&rv'.&iJsfXj'.'j if."i'&?&:18 centsa packagefiuW??-MyrESK'?.AJiszmimaCo.&&H.0v4As'.v4'oa:' d- v7&,.- " At vtf. vJOSK -rIZ.W&ifrivV".IA?5&&'wSmokers realizethat the value is inthe cigarettes and donot expect premiumsor coupons:Camels are soW everywherem scientifically sealed packages of 20 cigarettes; or tenpackages 200 cigarettes) tn aglasstne-paper-covered carton.We btron&lv recommend thiscarton for the home or officesupply or when you travel.ARETTEIf you want to know what rare andunusual enjoyment Camels providesmoke them in comparison with anycigarette in the world at any price !CAMELS are a cigarette revelation anyway you consider them 1 Take quality,or refreshing flavor and fragrance; or, thatwonderful mellow-mild -smoothness younever before got in a cigarette smoke! YetCamels are so full-bodied and so full-of-satisfactionyou marvel that so much delight could be put into a cigarette 1Camels expert blend of choice Turkishand choice Domestic tobaccos makes themso irresistibly appetizing! And, the blendexplains -why it is possible for you to smokeCamels liberally without tiring your taste!You will prefer Camels to either kindof tobacco smoked straight!You'll realize pretty quick, too, thatamong the many reasons you smoke Camelsis their freedom from any unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant cigarettyodor!Once you know Camels you won'ttake much stock in premiums, couponsYou'll prefer Camel quality!EjTkz. WWr- JSoxrsSXSSSiri-aior gifts!R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO., Winston-Salem, N. C.- - ,jti .j n--s ru-i-jri.-... m-.HISSESt: - ...r$&BEIGANBS ON JERICHO ROAD(Manchester Guradian)Many of the demobilized men whowere in Palestine with Gen. Allenby's troops were not sorry to bidgood-bye to the precipitous, zig-zag-gingroad running down from Jerusalem to Jericho. In summet ir wasintolerably dusty, and after a rainits greasy surface was dangerousfor motorists. On one part of theroute the site of the inn of the GoodSamaritan is stil pointed out.1 'Even in modern times the road isso infested with robbers as to beunsafe for travelers. In the days before the war tourists were recompnended to apply to the Sheikh, orheadman, of the village of Bethany,on the other side of the Mount ofOlives, for a mounted and armedescort. His charge, however, washigh, and on one occasion a partynot well off declined to pay it. Theydeclared they would go without escort and chance it. Whereupon thiswily Oriental dispatched a messenger to the chief of the brigade telling him to be on the lookout for aparty of travelers. Of course, heand his robber chief shared thebooty!o"I SPENT A $1 ON RAT-SNAP ANDSAVED THE PRICE OF A HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with rats to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid of rats. Spent ?1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Co.(adv-sept):HENDRICKSuTHE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFIWINDOW EQUIPMENTFlowers.Flowers grow in the garden to begiven away. Everybody feels thatthey appeal to finer senses than hisown, and looks wistfully around Inhope that possibly this friend or thatmay be nobler furnished than he tosee and read them. Emerson.The House has provided a jail sentnec for the profiteer, and it is nonetoo good for him.HOMEKILLEDMEATSWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.SEn?i-mm-,..janiwiVea!W IPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMir, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J EW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 Main St.;-rswim-WJ;-:iiiiiiParis, Kentuckytt..t.i.iitufnwiSend That Next Job of Printing to TheSanitary Meat Market! Bourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesA..I f 's-x7 -THE BOTOBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY,TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1U9PAGE EIGHTSour pickles at Caldwell's.Millersburg was well represented at the Lexington races last week.Mr. C. W. Corrington was inCincinnati on business Thursday andFriday.Miss Margarete B. Clarke visitedfriends in Lexington, Thursday andFriday. Mrs. T. J. Darnell, of Georgetown, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.S. E. Bruce.Misses Lida Litsey and NoraTursjrpe of Bardstown. are guests ofMrs. T. P. Wadell.Miss Catherine Jones has return" -ed from St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, where she had her tonsils re--moved.School supplies at Caldwell a.The following were guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Ellington:Miss Naomi Ledford and WallaceXedford, of Moorefield; Mrs. J. H.Martin and Lowell Martin, of Carlisle, and Mrs. Emma Hanley, of Lexington. The heirs of the late Mrs. America J. Butler sold her residence, nowoccupied by her son and daughter, jMr. W. E. Butler, and Mrs. MattieHawes, to Mrs. Nannie Brown, at a-price not made public.A protracted meeting will begin' -2X the Presbyterian church Tuesdayevening, September 3Q. It will beconducted by Dr. Thacker. The songservices will be conducted by Mr. andMrs. Armstrong, who travel with Dr.Thacker.Mr. G. L. Hill and Mr. S. R.Butler have each sold their property-on South Main street, to Mrs. P. L.Dimmitt. Terms private. Mr. and" Mrs. Dimmitt will move to the Hill,v -property in the near future. Theypropose taking the Butler propertyso as to throw the lot into their yard.SCHOOL ELECTION CALLED.At a meeting of the members ofDivisional Board No. 1, of the Bour"bon County Board of Education, anelection was called for the Center--viileprecinct, to take the sense of"the voters on a special school tax for'-one year of twenty-five cents on each?100 worth of taxable property. The'fund thus to be raised will be for the-purpose of building a teachers'Tiome on the property of the consolidated Centre-Hill school, near Centerville. 1 -lay9WAOT MORE LIGHTResidents of Link avenue andPaxrish avenue want more light shedon their respective streets, claipning-the present light system to be insufficient. A petition will be presented for action at the next meeting ofthe Council, asking for arc lights onLink avenue. It is claimed that thesmall lights in use on that-street do not dispel the darkness,and that large arc lamps should beplaced there.. o;?' JEWISH NEW YEAR.Next Thursday, September 25, theJewish New Year or Ioshashonah,will be observed as a holiday by theJewish people of Paris, who will close"heir stores and offices for the day.rSpecial religious services will be heldat the Maryland Avenue Temple, inLexington, which will be attended by. jmany of the Paris members of the-faith. The new rabbi, Dr. JosephLeiser, arrived yesterday, and willpreach at the New Year servicesWednesday night and Thursdaymorning.MHEl-f - rMILLERSBURGIt's the living touch of a Paderewski or a Kreislerthat you hear the voice of a Caruso or Galli-Curci it'sthe actual sweliing, stirring volume of orchestra or bandit is music alive, re-animate, because the Dalion is theInstrumentfzed Phonograph."Instrumentized"Means that the Dalion is a Musical InstrumentNot a Machine.The Auto-File, another exclusive Dalion feature, always finds the record you want, because it makes it absosutely impossible to misfile a record, "or for records to bescattered about the room.Come in to-day and let the Dalion talk, play and singfor itself.It's not too early to think about that Phonograph forChristmas.We also have the exclusive agency for the Patheand Crescentola Phonographs.BROOKS & SN APP DRUG CO.DEATHS.EMBRY.Mr. John P. Embry, aged aboutsixty, a well-known business man ofLexington, died at his home in thatcity Sunday noon, after an illness ofthree weeks. Mr. Embry is survivedby his widow, Mrs. Mary E. Embry,and one daughter, Mrs. Chas. V. Higgins, of Paris.The funeral was held at the family residence yesterday afternoon,with services conducted by Rev. I. J.Spencer. The burial followed in theLexington Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere "Wim. B. Higgins, Chas. T.Higgins, Frank N. Higgins, W. T.Smith, W. E. Applegate and Dr. D.A. Coyle.MORRISONThe Elizabethtown News hasthe following regarding the death ofMrs. Rachel Morrison, mother of Mr.James A. Morrison, of Paris, Superintendent of the L. & N.:"Mrs. Rachel Morrison, aged 86years, died at her home in Sonora, after only two weeks illness with ma-larial fever.tian womanShe was a good Chrisand had a host offriends to mourn her loss. She wasa member of the Christian church.Mrs. Morrison is survived by ninechildren, four boys and five girls:William Morrison, Shepherdsville,Ky.; Jajmes Morrison, Paris, Ky.;Lee Morrison, of Florida; Mrs. BellRaine, of Louisville; Mrs. Jas. Redman, Glendale; Mrs. Joe Chenault,Sonora; Mrs. Will Bramblett, Sonora, and Mrs. C. R. I. Vawter,Kansas City, Mrs. Morrison was devoted to her children."The funeral was held in theChristian church here at 2 o'clockWednesday and was conducted bythe Rev. G. F. Tinsley, assisted bythe Rev. Annes and the Rev. J. L.Reid and the burial was in the towncemetery. Those relatives andfriends attending from a distancewere all har children, exceut herson, Lee Morrison, of Florida. Mr.and Mrs. Clay McCandless, of Louisville, Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Redman,Louisville, Owsley Burks, LebanonJunction, Mrs. Maggie Martin, Shepherdsville, Mr. and Mrs. CharleyMorrison, Louisville. Besides theserelatives there was quite a number offriends from Glendale, Nolin andother places in attendance. The floraldesigns were very large and beautiful." DESIRABLE SUBURBAN FARM ATAUCTION WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.The desirable 16 acre suburbanhome of the late Mr. W. J. Riser willbe sold at public auction, on thepremises on the Clintonville pike,near Paris, on Wednesday, September 24, at 10 o'clock. This is a verydesirable small farm and is in an excellent neighborhood.At the same time and place all ofthe stock, crops and implements willalso be sold. For particulars seeHarris & Speakes, agents for Mr. F.P.- Riser, the administrator.oLIVESTOCK EOR SOUTH.A carload of mules, costing from$200 to $275 a head and two carloads of horses, bought at pricesranging from $85 to $150 a head,were shipped recently to Lynchburg,South Carolina, by Mr. Richard H.Wills, of Paris. The animals werefor the most part, purchased fromBourbon county dealers.x.-.gjiiTJhe DalionPhonographIT RE-AINIMATESMUSICALAMOAFTERNOON, 20)0-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cRELIGIOUS.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church, will have anall-day session at the church to-day.All the members are urged to be present. Elder C. W. Bauble, of Indianapolis, will begin a revival meetingin North Middletown Christianchurch, next Monday evening, September 29. He will be assisted bythe pastor, Rev. Frank Tinder.Rev. Eugene Bell, formerly pastor of the Presbyterian church inShelbyville, and now a missionary toKorea, on lave of absence in theUnited States, preached at the ParisPresbyterian church, Sunday. MissMary Dan Harbison sang beautifulsolos.A large delegation from theChristian churches of this county isin attendance upon the sessions ofthe State Convention of the Churchesof Christ, or Christian church, whichconvened at Hopkinsville yesterday,and will continue through Friday.The song service is under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, choristerof the Paris Christian church. Theprogram efmbraces many noted speakers. Education, Missionary work andBible School studies will be discussedby many prominent men of thechurch.SEEWOLLSTEIN'S SUITS ANDHATS ATTRACTIVEPRICES WORTHWHILE.We are offering some attractiveprices on all summer suits, hats, etc.Men who know are taking advantageof these values. Better not wait toolong."L. WOLISTEIN,619 Main Street.(17-4t)r-0 ;$14,000 PURSES AT LATONIA ONOPENING DAY.The program book for the firstseven days of the Latonia meetinghas been received here, and showsthat a total of 514,000 in addedmoney will be given away Wednesday, the first day of the meeting.The favorite event on this day willbe the ?5,000 Latonia Handicap, forthree-year-olds and upward, at amile and one-sixteenth, which drewan entry list of 54. A secondaryfeature will be the Covington HandUcau, for three-year-olds and upward,at six furlongs, to which $2,000 hasbeen added.The Kenton County Purse, for two-year-olds, is for $1,600, and shouldbring out the best .juveniles in theWest. The opening event is for $1,-200 and the two closing events areworth $1,300 apiece.The Autujmn Stakes will be runSaturday, Sept. 27, and the Ft.Thomas Stake event the followingTuesday.QBIRTHS..In this city, to the wife of Mr.Robert Hazelrigg, a son, christenedRobert Harrison Hazelrigg.At Shawhan, to the wife of Mr.James Vandy, a son. Mrs. Vandywas formerly Miss Elizabeth Warren,of the county.In Cincinnati, to the wife of Mr.George A. Dean, formerly of Paris,and editor of the Berea, Ky., Citizen, a daughter, christened LouellaDean.At Lubbox, Texas, to the wife ofMr. C. M. Furneaux, a son. Themother was formerly Miss FrancesPryor, youngest daughter of Mr. andMrs. J. T. Pryor, former residents ofParis.STATE BOARD OF WOMAN'SCLUBS TO MEET INLEXINGTON.The fall meeting of the State Boardof the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs will be held at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Thursday, September 25 Mrs. LafonRiker, of Harrodsburg, president,will preside, and between twenty-fiveand thirty jmembers are expected toattend. Plans for club work whichhave been formulated since the general convention at Ashland in Junewill be submitted for endorsement,and general routine work will betaken up.Today, TuesdayDorothy GishIN'NUGGET NELL'A roaring burlesque travestyon the Wild and Movie West,with the screen's funniest comedienne, jANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"Never Touched Me"DAUGHTERS OP CONFEDERACYELECT NEW OFFICERS.The twenty-third annual convention of Kentucky Division, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, closedFriday, at Paducah. Officers wereelected as follows:President, Mrs. James Stuntson,Mayfield; First Vice President, Mrs.C. L. Swinford, Cynthiana; SecondVice President, Mrs. W. H. Cline,Smithland; Third Vice President,Miss Minnie Parker Durham, Danville; Recording Secretary, Mrs. L.B. Reeves, Hickman; CorrespondingSecretary, Mrs. George T. Fuller,Mayfield; Registrar, Mrs. N. E.Grube, Guthrie; Historian, MissAnna Belle, Fogg, Frankfort; Chaplain, Mrs. Russell Mann, Paris; ViceChaplain, Mrs. Frank Atkins, Lexington; Treasurer, Mrs. Sadie McCormick, Winchester; Auditor, Mrs.Oscar Walker, Springfield; Custodian of Crosses, Mrs. R. T. Stohl,Hopkinsville; Honorary President,Mrs. Edmona Roberts, Bardstown.Mrs. Roy Weaks McKenney, of Paducah, was unanimously indorsed forPresident General of the UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, whichoffice will be filled at the nationalmeeting in Novejmber at Tampa, Fla.LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)Our Store will be Closed Thursday, Sept. 25 account Jewish HolidayNOW IN!Your New Fall BootsAre Here In Great Selection! .More beautiful in style, superior in workmanship and quality and marked at prices we areunable to duplicate owing to the greatly advancedprices the manufactures are asking to-day.Reduce the Cost of Livingby shopping here "The Shoe Center of Econ-IBS?--: . BSS5iA3School Shoes For Boys and GirlsAn enormous purchase of Shoes for spot cash at prices almost unbelievablein the face of today's high market.Wear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good -looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. dj ajShoes at $l.uDMisses' Dark Tan Eng-fcj nn Jiho jaHsh Boots at $4.00 and $3.49Misses'at.....Gun Metal EnglishMisses' andBoots at...Children's GunDANParis' Greatest ShoeTomorrow, WednesdayEIN"Girls"She didn't like the men! Theywere such impudent, conceitedthings, and if one of them everthen one night a mere man,pursued by another woman'shusband, fled right into herapartment!What did she do? Come and seeAlso Bray PictographME. A. B. HANCOCK BUYS AMBASSADOR, NOTED KACERArthur B. Hancock, of Paris, confirms the report that Ambassador, thesire of Constancy, is to come to thiscountry. "In partnership . with theBelair Stud of Virginia," said he, "Ihave purchased Ambassador frqm A.E. Barton, in England, and he is tocome within a short while to Kentucky. "Also, I have sold the Belair Studa half interest in the stallionsWrack, Jim Gaffney and Rockview."Ambasador won the July Stakes, andwas second, beaten a nose, fortheCambridgeshire Handicap. He is anown brother of Crown Prince, winnerof the Cambridgeshire Handicap andthe Jockey Club Cup, being by DarkRonald, which was sold to Germanyfor ?120,000 and out of Excellenza(dam of Glasterion, a stake winner,and likewise half sister to Eothen).Mr. Hancock has purchased fromW. T. Anderson, of New York, themare, Star Gift, by Star Shoot Carletta C. and her suckling brown coltby Wrack; also, the mare Royal Message, by Star Shoot out of Princissin,and her suckling chestnut colt byJim Gaffney.oTHREE-YEAR-OLDS AT TROTSThe Kentucky, the three-year-oldtrotters, will be the feature race ofOctober 4 at Lexington. (23-26)NEW MILLINERY GOODS.The fall season is close at handwhen, the newest creations in feminine headwear is the "almost all-absorbing"topic. We have new andtasty designs in millinery thenewest and freshest arriving everyday. Call and see them.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.omy and you willbe doing asHUNDREDS OFOTHERSare doing who mustmake ever dollar count.MACLARKBoys' Gun Metal English ShoesatBoys' Gun Metal English ShoesatBoys' Gun 'Metal Lace Shoesat ,Boots fro AtMetal$2.49COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignStoreThursday, Sept. 25thCLARA KIMBALLYOUNGIN"TheBetterWife"A play of Thrills and Love.Also Vod-a-Vil MoviesLadies9 DayTwo ladies will be admitted for oneticket plus 2c war tax on Thursdays.WILMOTH & CO. SELL TO GEORGETOWN PEOPLE.The grocery stock and bakery ofthe Wilmoth Grocery Co.. in thicity, has been sold at private sale toMessrs. Blythe and Shehan, both oGeorgetown. The sale was consummated Saturday, and possession giventhe new owners yesterday. They willcontinue the business at the oldstand, and add fresh and new stockas needs of their trade demand. Thenew owners have been in business inGeorgetown for several years, andcome well recommended to the people of Paris. Mr. Carl Wilmothstated that they Bad made no definite plans for business as yet, and itwas not known what line they wouldtake up. Messrs Blythe and Sheehan -will retain the present force ofclerks in their employ.DESIRABLE SUBURBAN FARM ATAUCTION WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.The desirable 16 acre suburbanhome of the late Mr. W. J. Kiser willbe sold at public auction, on thepremises on the Clintonville pike,near Paris, on Wednesday, September 24, at 10 o'clock. This is a verydesirable small farm and is in an excellent neighborhoodsAt the same time and place all ofthe stock, crops and implements willalso be sold. For particulars seeHarris & Speakes, agents for Mr. F.P. Kiser, the administrator.(19-3t)THRILLING PACING RACE.The Phoenix Hotel Prize, to be decided at Lexington, October , willbe a thriller among the pacing eventsof the year. C2S-26)'hfft-djiefii m IH L MU 1 ! w1 l wI'll f: '!- ): :! (Lu-Hsh shoes at.?. . . n?'. $5.00 and $3.49..$4.00..$3.49...$1.99k- f t-! .