, 'H .VV, A-1 V-v. - -fiiS-.!fr- V 3-THE BOURBON NEWSV ' PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.rVwVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY,' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1920. Js1"3?j&TOJAI OPENING OF SCHOOLSAND COLLEGES.Y --i the advent of Septemberda -omes visions of departingbo.- . nd giils frcjm the cities andxo 1 -. and rural communities,bom u for the scones of formersclrl days, to renew the association-. f those days and to preparefor tht duties of the school term.Th Faris City Schools will open onSepu her 6 for the fall term, and-h Kools of the county will follows,?on alter.T' t Kentucky College for Wor,n v. ill open its 1920-1921 sessiona P'ville on September 15, withevery room in the college full. Girlsfj a elve States have already en-!-,.Nine .new faculty membersr-cn added to the teachingc -n-11k Millrsburg College will openf i i seventeenth annual sessionri Thursday, .. September 16. TheC !.?? this year is especially emrnciz ng a strong literary faculty,rack up of experienced teachers,and the music and other department? are under trained specialistsATTENTION. MR. MERCHANT.Do you want to add a sideline toyour business, which will draw newbusiness and put it on a cash basis?Why not take on a ca&h cream buying str.tion? We teach work noin estment required.Lhf-'ttire merchants any place inthe ccurty should be interested inthis. Write us for particulars.SUGAR CREEK CREAMERY CO.Louisville, Ky.MATRIMONIAL.T .in nis private office in the courthouse yesterday County Judge Geo.Batterton performed the ceremonyuniting in marriage Horace Rivera.17, carpenter, and' Miss Birdie Eirod. 24, both of Lexington, and Jos.P. Robifson. 29. and Mies Pinrtrnv.Cummins, IS, both of Fayetteuuuiuy.PURCHASES PARTNERS' INTERESTS.Lauience D. Mitchell, of the. commission and seed firm of Perry, McCann & Mitchell, has purchased ofhis paupers, William McCann andH. P. Perry their interest in -thefirm, and will in the future conductthe business at the same old stand.The deal for the purchase was completed Wednesday.Mr. McCann has not indicatedwhat line of business he will takeup in the future, but said he willremain in Paiis. Mr. Peny is giving his time to his business in Lexington, Avhere he will continue hisresidence.oSPECIAL PRICES ON ALL GASSTOVES.Special prices on all gas stoves.Have jours put up now.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.Prom Cincinnati comes the announcement of the engagement of.Miss Marion Alexander, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. George Alexander, formerly of Paris, to Mr. Alfred S.Flesh, of Piqua, 0 The wedding isto take plc-ce in the early fall. Thenews of the betrothal of this handsome-and popular young womanwill prove a great surprise to her.many friends in Paris and Bourboncounty by whom she is greatly admired. Mr. Flesh is a prominentyoung business man of Piqua, and aworthy mate for the charmingyoung woman who will become hisbride.A note to THE3 NEWS fromEloda A Flowers, society editor ofThe Piqua (C) Daily Call, says:"You will no doubt be interestedto learn that Miss Marion Alexander, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.George Alexander, of Paris, Ky., today announced informally her engagement to Mr. Alfred L. Flesh,son of Mr. and Mrs, Lea Flesh,of this city. The wedding is to takeplace in the fall. I hope you willfind the item of Jocal news interest."BOURBON TEACHERS' INSTITUTEThe Bourbon County Teachers' Institute, which has been in progre&sin this city this week, continues tofurnish pleasing and instructivefeatures on the prcgrajm, largelycomposed of demonstration workand discussions of the demonstrations. Among the addresseewere those of Rev. C. H. Greer, ofParis, on "Moral Education In TaeSchools," and "The Character andPersonality of ' the Teacher," byProf. Lee Kirkpatrick, of the ParisPublic Schools, who is conductingInstitute. Teachers from Jessamine,Woodford and Fayette countyschools attended the sessions heldyesterday. Mrs. Ethel Pearson, ofNicholosville, president of the StateAssociation of Attendance Officers,gave a highly interesting talk alongeducational lines, while demonstrations of teaching and school workwere made by Misses Helen Hunter and Sadie Johnson, of the Lexington schools, and Miss HattieWarner, of the Nicholasville schoolsThe Institute will continue in session through to-day.TOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)LOCKHART SPEARSIn the union of Miss Sallie Lockhart and Mr. Catesby Spears, both ofthis city, which took place at "Runnymeade," the home of the bride'smother, Mrs. E. F. Clay, on the Cynthiana road, near Paris, at 3:30o'clock, yesterday afternoon, two ofthe most prominent and influentialfamilies of the county were unitedin kinship and two young heartsmade happy. The wedding ceremony was performed by Rev. William E. Sweeney, of Johnson City.Tenn., a schoolmp.te of the groojm.Owing to a recent bereavement inthe family of the bride, the- ceremonjwas witnessed by only the membersof the two families.The bride is the daughter of Mra.E. F. Clay, her father being the lateHon. Gecrge C. Lockhart, for manyyears one of the leading attorneysof the Bourbon bar. She is a youngwoman of llio highest type, of personal lovliress and charm, possessedof graces of character that havemade her a universal favorite andj deservedly popular. She is a sisterof Mrs. John F. Davis, of Paris.The gioo;m is one of the prominent young business men of Pario,being senior member of the firm ofSpears & Sons, which was founded'and carried on successfully by hisfather, the late Capt. E. F, Spears.He is a member of the Paris CityCouncil, and identified with all theprogressive organizations of thecity. The community recognizes inhim one of its most , philantropicand nnblic-snirited citizens. Heserved yith distinction in the worldwar, baing located at Ft. Sill,Ok'in. After a short honeymoon tiipMr. and Mrs. Spears will be at hometo their friends at their new hrpie onHouston avenue.The following announcements areheinsr sent out to friends: "Mrs.Ezekial Fiejds Clay, announces themarriage of her daughter, SallieCatJett Lockhart. to Mi CatesbyWoodford Spears. 'Thursday, September second, -Runnymeade, Paris.Ky."An Attractive SuiteBoth in Quality and Price20 Per Cent. DiscountHere is one of our latest and best 'designs in a Queen Anne Dining Room Suite. Itsexquisite lines stand as actual proof of the fact that it was designed by one of America'sforemost furniture designers.Notice the beautiful carving on all pieces and the graceful backs of the chairs. Thissuite is one of the finest on our floors today and for the home desiring something just alittle different, we highly recommend it. Can be had in Mahogany or American Walnut.INo. 553 Dining Room Suite This suite is one ofour most popular numbers and has proved a big seller. The woodis well matched and throughout the construction isdoubly strongAll Ottawa suites are built with one purpose in view to sellreadily and to stajr sold. Besides that they make big money for- you.DEATHS.RELIGIOUS.' ANDERSON.Aavid Anderson, aeed seventv-seven, fatfier of Dr. D. Bruce Anderson, of Paris, died last week athis home in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. The burial took place twodays later in Lakevieu Cemetery, intnat city. Mr. Anderson is alsosuivived by his widow. Dr. Anderson attended the funeral and burial,returning to Paris the first part ofthe week.f "DALZELL.-r-Mrs. Nannie Dalzell, aged fifty.died at her home near Carlisle, following an illness of several weeks,troth a complication ot diseases. Sheis mirvived by her husband, Win.Dalell, two daughters, one son, onebrother and four sisters, one ofwhom, Mrs. A B. Lovell, resides inParis. The funeral was held at herhome with' services conducted byRev. Bela Metcalfe. The intermenttook place in the Carlisle Cemetery.OWSLEY.Following a protracted illness,due to the infirmities of age, ThomasJ. Owsley, aged ninety-four, died athis home on South High street, iuthis city, Tuesday afternoon. Mr.Owsley has passed his ninetjfouflh milestone on the journey oflife last Sunday". He was the secondoldest man in Bourbon county.Mr. Owsley -had been a carpenterby becupation, having assisted inthe erection of some of the besthomes in Paris and the county. Hewas well-known throughout thecounty. Failing' health cofmpelledhim to retire from following his occupation in recent years, though hecontinued to keep an active interestin the occurrences of the day. Hewas an ardent angler, and spentmany of his latter days in enjoymentof the sport.Mr. Cwsley is survived by thefollowing children: Grant Owsleyand Miss Cordelia Owsley, of Paris:Mrs. Ashby LaSalle, of Miami, Florida, and Mrs. Emma Schiedmantel,of Texarkana, Ark., two grandsons,Jack Owsley, of Paris, and Shy Owsley, of Robertson count, andgranddaughter, Mis. Annie Roche,of Cincinnati,The funeral was held Wednesdayofiernoon at 4:30 o'clock, with se'rvicls conducted at the grave in thePaHs'merVrJ5Th'e:;!pall-bearersAeie: R. H. Wills, D. B. Knox,vT.M. Cooper, W. C. Bell, Ttobt. Kenney and John Dejarnett.Services were conducted by Rev.Arthur Fox.oCARD OF THANKS.Through THE NEWS we desirato extend our heartfelt thanks to allwho were so thoughtful and considerate to us during- the last illness,and following the death and burialJof our father, IJiomas Owsley. Vvchope they will know through, thismedium that we appreciate theirmany kindnesses.THE FAMILY.IQTry Trading at Wheeler's You'll JLike ItA. F. WHEELER & GO,Chas: Green, Manager Opp. Court HouseSIMON STORE TO CONTINUE UNTIL JANUAEY 1.It is not our intention to add anything to our stock in the Paris storebut, Mr. Simon being in New Yorkbuying for the Lexington house, sawa chance to get a select stock at lowprices, and accordingly made purchases for both. We will Loon haveon display a nice line of fashionablegoods, purchased at prices that willenable the people of the city andcounty to get the benefit. Our contract calls for t'i3 transfer of tnebuilding to Baldwin Bros, on Januuiy 1, 1921. Until then we willcontinue to occupy the housa. Thenew line we will have on display isthe pick of the market, none betteranywhere on earth. These fall showings will be a revelation to theladies. Watch for our advertisement and watch for the goods.SIMON'S. DEPARTMENT STORE.ATTENTION, TAX PAYERSThe time limit for listingtaxes is drawing near- You willplease note this and give us acall before we are compelled toattach the penalty ordered bylaw. We trust you will givethis your immediate attentionand not force us to extreme1 measures.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.Cumberland Phone 838Home Phone 247.(aug20-tf)GET THE W0ETH OF YOURHONEY nrVTETMENTAre yi'ii saving your money?Are you investing your money?Let us help you both save and in-est your money. Our, system is oneexcelled by rone. During the pastseven yeais we have helped hundicd3 of people save, and have earned about 7 interest for them ontheir savings.Our new series opens Sept. 4 th.Don't let this opportunity pass without fully investigating.PEOPLES BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION.Office at Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co.. -"G. W. WILDER, Pres-dent.-. F. -WsALLOWAySecretary:;- .' V '""An adjourned session of thp mmr-terly conference held Tuesday night,at. which Rev. C. H. Greer m-esidpr?marked the .close of the conferencej ear at the Paris Methodist church.Reports submitted showed S 8.3 P. fthad bean raised durine: the vear forall purposes and that substantialgains had been made in all denart-ments of church work. In closingnis leport Rev. Greer stated thatPaiis was the fourth largest churchin tne Kentucky conference in pointof membership. This closes Rev.Greer's first year as pastor here, andit is generally hoped the conferencenow in session in Lexington, will-again assign hijn to the Parischurch.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.The subject of the morning sermon is "The Place of The Church InThe World." At the evening serviceihe pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie. willgive the first of a series of four sermons on the subject, "Is There aGod?" This is an exceedingly interesting subject, and those Interested in it will enjoy the sertmonmore if they begin with the fir3feone next Sunday night, and do notmiss any of ihem. Sunday schooland Christian Endeavor at the regular hours.ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do if now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far btlow thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)FRESH OYSTERS T0-M0RR0W. .We will receive a consignment tomorrow of fine fat fresh oysters, thefirst on the local market. They arefresh from the best packers in theUnited States.(It) JAMES E. CRAVEN.oTHREATENING BLAZE SUBDUEDRUNAWAY GIRL ARRESTED BTPOLICE CHIEFMay Scott, a sixteen-year-oldwhite girl, ho admitted that shehad run away from her home inRome, Georgia, to see the world, wastaken into custody here by Chief ofPolice Link, Wednesday. Shortlyafter a Paris woman who became interested in the girl's case, furnishedmoney for her passage back home.She was placed in the care of aLouisville &. Nashville conductor,and started on the leng journey toGeorgia.The girl stated that she wanted tosee the world. Shecame from Romeas far as Somerset, on a CincinnatiSouthern freight train. She was detained there by the authorities, andsent on to Cincinnati. There shecrossed the river to Covington, walked along the' L. & N. tracks twentyfive jmiles, a-nd finally "hopped" anL. & N. freight, arriving here Wednesday. She claimed to have awealthy aunt residing in Chattanooga, Tenn. She told Chief Linksthat as she was coming from the Ij.& N. yards, a young man whom shedid not know induced her to take aride in his machine with him, andthat she jumped from the machinea short distance out of Paris whenhe became too demonstrative, andcapme back to this city.COUNCIL SPECIAL SESSIONA fire which premised serious results was quickly subdued by thesprinkling apparatus at the E. F.Spears Sz Sons seed cleaning houseon South TMain streetT The fire department made a quick run to thescenvi in response to an alarm, buttheir services were not needed. Theproperty loss was small.The Council met in special sessionTuesday night. After the consideration, of routine business, FiremanEarl McCracken was elected to succeed Swift McGoldrick, resigned asFire Chief, and Spears Pendleton asfireman and City Electrician. Councilman John J. Williams, chairmanof the special committee tc .considerthe comprint of citizens on SouthMain street in reference to the seedcleaning plant of E. F. Spears 9c.Sons being a dust nuisance to thatneighborhood, filed a full report cov-1ering all details of the investigation, and clearing the firm. Mr. Williams also submitted a report to theeffect that the Board of City Supervisors declined to reopen the matterof an increased valuation on cityproperty. Dr. J. A. Gilkey wasgranted a building permit for theerection of a tobacco barn within -thecity limits, to cost aoproximately ?lf40(r.o" LODGE NOTES.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanAt a meeting of Bourbon LodgeNo. 26, I. O. O. F., -the followingdelegates were "chosen to lepresentthe lodge at the Grand Lodge sessions, tc be held in Lexington, November 16: Mayor E. .E. Januaryj (for the twenty-eighth consecutiveyear), Wm. Chisholm, Arch Bedford, Dr. F. M. Farris, S. W. Chipley, Wm. H. Lail. Wolford Ewalt,William Bowling, Jan Smitz, L. M.Vanhook and P. J. McCord.WE KNOW HOWREAL EC0NQM7NCLOTHESU ICAL. economy in clothesI.U1191S19 11VL 111 SfJCllU-ing the least possibleamount of money, but in get-ting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full 'of"wear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value. -MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MENVyAk!S-'4' - I' Jr ; ' -tI mIt -. t M'1:J $" 7S-Vv-4 V- ..v r '.-". 't'-' sdTiv',--: 4'.jw- z im ' , t , fw :. . .-',V!' , XPAGE TWOr TtiiB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY ,'FRIDAY, SEETEMBBtf 311120.'- V4J . - .JW'K20 per cent.v -r ,ii t-.J....; omJmi, n..; m illMUlllrJIIUM MVIlip III UUI 20 per centIrV-.p-'of every nrnTriinrn II i nil nil r ofevervwon m milDON'T MISS IT. '. 'mmmm m m wkmmmtm m ibiiuuahwi : 1 I IIIb pi I 11 a IS I IP 11 Wlwll fill I II 1 JMarked Price of EveryArticle in Our HouseI Except Columbia Graf o-rsoSas and Records,Way Sagless SpringsI and Globe Wernickeook Cases.Marked Price .of EveryArticle in Our HouseExcept Columbia Graf onolas and Records,Way Sagless Springsand Globe WernickeBook Cases.While Prices are still advancing in almost all raw material it gives us pleasure to offer you the opportunity to buy House furnishings at these Renarkable Reductions. This is our first September Sale and we wish it to be a Success both for you and for ourselvesand it will be if you consider your best Interests for right here you will find the best values to be had anywhere. You know our policy,never to advertise a bargain unless we give it. It is very easy to advertise SALES but it is another thing to get the VALUES. In ourSales you can not go wrong. Our REGULAR PRICE is marked in Plain figures on every article and our SALE PRICE is 20 per cent lessthan this You save the difference. Come Early.THESE PRICES ARE FOR CASH ONLYSo please don't ask to have Goods Charged. Our regular charge accounts are at liberty to charge at the Regular Prices.Rugs.$8.50 Axminster Rugs, 27x54 in., Sale Price 6.8010.00 Axminster Rugs, 27x54 in., Sale Price 8.0012.50 Axminster Rugs, 27x54 in., Sale Price 10.0062.50 Axminster Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 50.0040.00 Brussels Rugs, 9x12, Sale price 32.0045.00 Brussels Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 32.0055.00 Brussels Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 44.00100.00 Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 80.00125.00 Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12, Sale. Price 100.00150.00 Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 120.00165.00 Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 132.00250.00 Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12, Sale Price 200.00Remember All Rugs are reduced in like manner. Select yourown rug and make your own price. See our Crex Rugs.Mattresses and Bed Springs.$8.00 Bed Springs, Sale Price $6.4010.00 Bed Sorings, Link' Fabric, Sale Price 8.0012.50 Bed Springs, Link Fabric, Sale Price 10.0025.00 Douhlp Ease Coil Springs, Sale Price 20.0022.50 Felt Mattress, 50 lbs., Sale Price 18.0025.00" Felt Mattress, 50 lbs., Sale Price : 20.0035.00 Felt Mattress, 50 lbs., Sale Price u 28.0045.00 Felt Mattress, 50 lbs., Sale Price.l 36.0014.00 Combination Mattress, Sale Price 1:k-2015.00 Devinette Mattress, Sale Price 12.0012.50 Devinette Mattress, Sale Price 10.00These articles will cost you very much more this winter. Buyat the Cash September Sale.Extension Tables and Dining Chairs.$37.50 Extension Tables, Sale Price $30.0050.00 Extension Tables, Sale Price i 40.0075.00 Extension Tables, Sale Price - 60.00125.00 Extension Tables, Sale Price 100.00These chairs are priced in sets of six.Sale Price 14.80Sale Price 18.00Sale Price 24.00Sale Price 30.00Sale Price I 48.00We can not possibly quote prices on all of our chairs but. allare in our Cash September Sale. We can not promise theseprices for longer thati September.$18.50 Dining Chairs,22.50 Dining Chairs,30.00 Dining Chairs,37.50 Dining Chairs,60.00 Dming Chairs,REFRIGERATORSWe were fortunate in buying our Refrigerators at a Much Reduced Price. We are not only saving you this Original Reduction but theadditional 20 per cant Discount for the SEPTEMBER CASH SALE. We will save you now at least 50 per cent over next Springs Prices andmaybe a great deal more for Refrigerators advanced as much as any one article in our Stock. In our Stock we have several makes, including the AUTOMATIC and the LEONARD. Buy now.A Few Odds and Ends.$22.50 Floor Lamps, Sale Price $18.0043.25 FJoor Lamps, Sale Price 34.6022.50 Tea Wagons, Sale Price '- 18.0047.50 Tea Wagons, Sale Price 1 l 38.0018.50 Mahogany Piano Bench, Sale Price- .114.80Upholstered in Valour30.00 Electrolier, Sale Price 24.0018.00 Electrolier, Sale Price 14.8057.50 Mahogany Rocker, Sale Price 46.0020.00 Fumed Oak Rocker, Sale Price 16.00Some of the regular prices given are tremendous bargainsin themselves but we give the 2 0 per cent. September CashSale discount. any way. iLiving Room Furniture.$425 Tapestry Living Room Suite of 3 pieces, Sale Price$340$485 Tapestry Living Room Suite of 3 pieces, Sale Price 388$475 Solid Mahogany Living Room Suite Cane ends andback upholstered in Velour, Sale Price 380425 Solid Mahogany Living Room Suite, Cane Ends andBack, upholstered in Velour, Sale Price .340We have many other suites at various prices. Come in andlook these over. They are worth while.Dining Suites.$890 Dining Suite of 10 pieces in Adam MahoganyVery piece Suite complete, Sale Price $712$525 Dining Suite of 10 pieces in Walnut a bargain at theregular price, Sale Price 420This is merely an example of the tremendous reduction weare making in dining suites. We have them in all kinds, Mahogany,-Walnut, Golden, Jacabeau, Fumed Oak Let us saveyou money.Do you know of any other sale anywhere that you can secure a bonafide 20 per cent discount. YOU DO KNOW THATYOU QET IT HERE. , 1 ,iCOME TO THE SEPTEMBER CASH SALEW :a V ,, - ?MX!-. 1The J. T. Hinton CompanyCor- Sixth and Main, Paris, Ky.1 1" -V - j :Ar:.",'- ,i.,",t -.,-f- Aiff-- Lr . ..j-..-. Vvk .'... ;...-J- tX-i- iTFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1920.THE BOURBON NIWS, PARIS, KENTUCKTULGARIAN BLOOD TEAWHAT IT WILL DO FOR THOSEWHO ARE SICKIT WILL. Rid the System of thePoisons that are Responsible lormost Diseases.IT WILL Enrich and Purify the Blood.IT WILL Stimulate and. Tone theLayer.IT WILL Flush and Cleanse the Kidneys. IT WILL Electrify the Whole HumanMachine.IT WILL give that Sparkle to the Eyeand Glow to the Skin that is thesurest sign that your Health is Good.WHAT IT WILL DO FOR THOSEWHO ARE WELLIT WILL Keep the Human Machinein Perfect Running Order.IT WILL give you Physical Resistanceover Disease Germs in Times ofEpidemics.IT WILL Kill Colds and Guard YouAgainst Influenza, Grippe and Pneumonia. IT IS the one Best General FamilyMedicine in the World.-AND when you Brew it and take itSteaming hot you get the Rich, PureJuices that Mother Nature Intendedfor her Children.Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Delphi Hughes, Etc., PlaintiftsVg. Notice of Sale. .Bam Hughes, Etc DefendantsKeep a Box of Bulgarian Blood Tea Always at Hand Sold at All DruggistCure fr Seasickness.Stuffing the ears" with light gauze isa new cure for seasickness.Miss E. D. GiltnerTeacher of Piano and ViolinReiurns Again to Paris,Monday. 'September 6, 1920.Summer Address,,171 North Ashland Street,X.exington, Ky.(augl3-4t-F)For SaleMare pony and cart. Home Phone183.(31-tf) MRS. GEO. McWILLIAMS.LISTENComplete you home with one ofcour Pianos, Player Pianos or CaDinet Talking Machines. We do notonly guarantee our instruments, hutadjust anything that may at sometime be required.We do this, as our reoresentative,Mr. Geis, is a factory experiencedjman, having spent a number ofyears in factories manufacturinghighest grade musical instrumentsWe do tuning and repairing of allkinds, also handle latest Music Rollsand Records.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,J. B. GEIS, Representative.(aug6-t-F)All Aboard for Louisville.Under and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atfhe June terpi, 1920, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the abovefctyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onSaturday, Sept 11,1920, at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperty:That certain tract of lari'd situated in the village of Little Rock,Bourbon County, Ky., and boundedas follows:Beginning at a fctone in the IronWorks road 3 5 feet from the southside thereof, in John Robbins' oldline, corner to Peter Banta's keirs:then S. 36 E. 9.66 poles to a stonein Banta and Wilson's old store lotin ihe margin of said road; thenwith a line of said lot, N. 52& E.12y2 poles to a stone, corner to saidWilson; then N. 36 W. 9.66 polesto Peter Banta's corner; then S52 W. 12. poles to the beginning. Said sale will be made upon thecredils of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bonds,with good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively andbearing interest at the rate of sixpercent (6) per annuim from dateof sale until paid, said Bonds to hethe force and effect of judgments.Said sale is made tor the purposeof a division among the parties interested. O. T. H1NTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.s,-?mNa1JrrfiUrrDxrrsH-& dcwm"14 u"--" - xTTljaTTC SCMLet's settle ,No man ever smoked abetter cigarette than Camel!You'll find Camels unequalled byany cigarette in the world at anypribe because Camels combineevery feature that can make acigarette supremeCamels expert blend of choiceTurkish and choice Domestictobaccos puts Camels in a class bythemselves. Their smoothnesswill appeal to you, and permityou to smoke liberally without tiring your taste !Camels leave no unpleasant ciga-retty aftertaste nor unpleasant flcigaretty odor !You'llprefer Camels blend to eitherkind of tobacco smoked straight !Camels are sold everywhere in scientifically seatedpackages of 20 cigarettes; or ten packages (200cigarettes) in a glassine-paper-covered carton. Wostrongly recommend this carton for the home oroffice supply or when you iraveL& J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.Winston-Salem, N. COn the Crutcher & Starkst SpecialThe farmer is proud of his fine r': products of the soil our prideis in the good clothes we sell. ,T the Kentucky State Fair-thefarmer exhibits prize ttlejcyhorses and ribbonwinning produce?He takes pride in ttachevement hehas gained thyougn hard work andj&Acher & Starks' exhibit of he fall clothing" deuerves soecial attention too. TwoX Stores 4th and Jefferson and Seelbach Hotel.Real blue-ribbon winners because' they arefine in their American style sincere in theirmaterials long-lasting in their service. Theyare more than just good clothes they aregood appearance; they bring true clothes- ,jsatisfaction. ;!Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Flemings's Admr. . .PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Anna P Comer, Etc DefendantVisitors to the State Fair are invited to make these stores theirmeeting place their headquarters.We are at your service.Suits and O' coatsand up. iunder and by virtue. of a judgment and order of sale rendered act-he June tenm, 1920, o the Bouibon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onMonday, Sept 6, 1920,at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hours of 11 o'clock, a. m., willsell at public auction to the highestand best bidder the following described property:1. Lot 49 on the Plat of Clays-ville. which was recorded in theoffice of the Clerk of the Bourboncountv court, in ueea .book do,page 327, said lot fronting 50 feeton Third Street, and extendingback 90 feet, and having thereon iresidence. '2. Lot 51 on the same Plat,fronting 50 feet thereon, and extending back 90 feet, and being ivacant lot ' iSa.i4 lota will be offered sepTf&tly and then as a whole, andthe bid or bids aggiegated as themost money, will be accepted.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingreauired to execute their two bondswith good suiety for one-half of thepurchase money, each due six andtwelve months from date of salerespectively and bearing interestat -the rate of six per cent. (G)per annum from date of sale untilpaid.Said sale is made for the purposeof settling the estate of Anna Fleming, deceased.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(augl7-24-sept3)Boy WantedBoy wanted to leam a good business. Age from 16 to 20. Inquireat thhj jnhjyvs omce. N .z-ti;Taxi Cab ServiceWhen -you want taxi cab service,)unv liniir rf tYtc rtsv nv nirrht nnll tus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.Free CindersCall at Ice "Factory for all thecindtis you -vant free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.Feathers For Sale.A Jarge mattress of feathers fofPale. In fiist-class order. Apply atthis office.For Sale,!'"SCHOOL DAYS!.$Stock ewes, blatk Jace, one tolfour years old. Phone 254 or3213.s R. L. GOLDEN,t20-tf) ' Lexington, Ky.;.$45WELDINGAUTO HEPAOONa AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)iTHtKSf JElTFfRSONGranviQeftBurfon 6 SonsLouhvllle-The Metropolis ofKentuckyil v90URTH 'AND M-- - - .-Fine Country Home For Sale ! I Attention, Farmers!J I YOU have the FARM!: we have tV'Country home, of 28 acres, located on DeCoursey pike, 10 miles southnf fMnriTinati in Kenton Countv. Kv. an old colonial brick house of 11rooms, splendidly built, all timbers were hand hewn frojm finest oldhard wood; walls 18 inches, making coolest house in summer, warmestin winter. Lower floor has reception hall parlor, living room, diningroom, breakfast room, butler's pantry and a large lovely screened-inporch, ivith screened panels which can De removed in winter. Secondfloor has two guest rooms and three 0tfcer family bed rooms, sleepingporch size of two rooms. Water i kitchen by force pump; two cisternsat house and two at barn; one neverfa,iiing Well covered wvith wellhouse, and that covered with rambier r0ses. Yard has has 22 kindoof shrubbery and hardy plants. Private drive leading from pike toham. A hedere of roses and neona KovHarQ this lovelv drive. One of, the most magnificent views from house overlooking the beautiful valleyof the Licking River, ana ten minui.es rjde from Latonia oy auto, aisoten minutes walk to our station on k. C. R. R. Beautiful grounds withtwo acres for garden, double tennis court, summer house, two cottagesfor servants. Poultry house and netting yard, peaches, apples, plums,grapes, asparagus. , .Pasture has never-failing pond fed by springs. Some woods, butmost all farm in grass and hay. Large barn with basement and granery! Baseinent has six box and nine single stalls. Upir floor is suitable for hay or tobacco, also room for autos and machinery. If youare looking for an ideal country feome and one which will be a profitably one, write or phone . .School is now a matter ofdays.The youngsters will soon betrudging to and from school.They must be properly clothed,for they cannot do good school,work unless they wear comfortable and well-fitting clothes.And their clothing must bemade of long wearing material. - to stand hard knocks and scuffs.We are specialists in Boys', Clothing and Shoesi Boys' Suits7 $7.50 to $18.50Boys' Shoes 4$4.00 to $7.50 ,i"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'I619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietori-fl.MimMAlllimiHl-lllAi-'WfrW5w9iwi-zmmsna-kMMYOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, ?ivenuo bv all fence builders to be the best:1 -fence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phono 9$7Home Phono 2S7'MMWMmWWWW9WMXaWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERY "a larger stock of finishedMonuments -'than all other dealers in, Central Kentucky. No agontotv,No commissions. Guaranteed quality. 'THE MURRAY THOMAS CO.CiunboruuHl Phono 7t: PARIS, KENTUCKYitrtii9;.!MISS MJJJLLJLb rxxn,r r ii;-- - -. - - . ..A."I&tonia, Kentucky.1- . 451 f- f i-- rV Vf ' - . v- e J? r-f "5 n "" ' V jA-o.;v .'wNZv:?)&vPACSJNCBTHE BOURBON SEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYr 'FRIDAY, SEPTBMB1R 3, 1920.IliMlilRemarkable Bargains In Our8SnKiISAVE20 per cent.In other words every timeyon spend $1. save 20 els at ourSeptember Cash Sale 20 per centoff every thing except ColumbiaGrafanolas and Records. WaySagless Springs.- Globe WernickeBook Cases.1iSAVE20 per cent.In other words every thseyon spend $1 save 20 cts at ourSeptember Cash Sale 20 per centoff every thin except CokmbiaGrafanolas and Records., WaySagless Springs Globe WernickeBook Cases.Although Everything Is Going Up, We Guarantee You For OneMonth Unheard Of ValuesXliftTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANY- v;S - wNever in our business have we had the Stock of Desirable Merchandise that we are now exhibiting and further neverhave we offered reductions at a more opportune time for the Home Furnisher. At this time articles all along the line areadvancing in price yet we offer you in ourSEPTEMBER CASH SALEValues unobtainable elsewhere. We need the cash. We have the Goods. You need the Goodsand you have the money. COME IN EARLY AND MAKE YOUR SELECTION.Cedar Chests.$40.00 Cedar Chest, Sale Price$32$42.50 Cedar Chest, Sale Price $34And we have many others for theSeptember Cash Sale at same reduction.Matting Boxes.$7.50 Matting Boxes, Sale Price $6.00$9.75 Matting Boxes, Sale Price $7.80These are merely examples. See theothers in our September Cash Sale andsave money.Library Tables.$45 Oak Library Table, Sale Pric $36$55 Mahogany Library Table Price $44$95 Mahogany Library Table, Price $60A host of others to select from at asgreat reductions in our September CashSale.Spinnett Desks,$97.50 Mahogany Spinnett Desk,Sale Price $78.00$137.50 Mahogany Spinnett DeskSale Price $110.00$150 Mahogany Spinnett Desk SalePrice $120.00We have a wonderful line of theseDesks. Even if you don't buy get ourSeptember Cash Sale prices.Comforts and Blankets.We are really in a position to save you big money on these necessities aswe have just put on sale some comforts andv blankets bought about a year agobut just opened. Notice these Prices and use your own judgment. There isnot a .comfort or blanket in that lot we do not think would be very salable atmore than the regular price:$4.75 Comforts, good size, Sale Price $3.805.75 Comforts, good size, Sale Price Jl.- 1 4.609.00 Conforts, good size, Sale Price I 7.209.50 Comforts, good size, Sale Price 7.6015.00Comforts, Southdown Wool, Sale Price J 12.00Our Blankets are at the same ridiculously low prices. If you have, to payhigh prices this winter don't blame us.Wall Paper.We are buying our paper for Spring and the prices are decidedly higher.We have placed in this September Cash Sale a quantity or room lot papers atprices that will range from 50 Per Cent to 75 Per cent under price. If you havepapering to do anywhere at anytime these are the papers for you to buy. TheStyles. Quality and Prices are beyond criticism. Do not confuse these paperswith our add lots as each pattern has enough to do a room.Kitchen Cabinets."$1 10.00 McDougall Kitchen Cabinet, Sale Price $88.00100.00 McDougall Kitchen Cabinet, Sale Price . 80.0087.50 McDougall Kitchen Cabinet, Sale Price 70.00, 87.50 Quaker Maid Kitchen CabinetSale Price 70.0077.50 Booue Kitchen Cabinet, Sale Price n 62.0070.00 I. X. L. Kitchen Cabinet, Sale Price 56.00- 58.75 Kitchen Cabinet, Sale Price 47.00$6.50 W,ood Top Kitchen Tables, Sale Price $5.20-13.50 Nickeloid Top Kitchen Tables, Sale Price 11001 7.50 Porcelain Top Kitchen Tables, Sale Price 14.00You Can not afford to miss these bargains in our September Cash Sale.tBrass and Iron Beds.$10.00 White Iron Beds, Sale Price v j $8 0017.50 White Iron Beds, Sale Price ' 14 0022.50 White Iron Beds, Sale Price 8 0025.00 White Iron Beds, Sale Price 20 0030.00 White Iron Beds, Sale Price IIZIIII24.0052.50 Brass Beds, Sale Price 1 42 0068.75 Brass Beds, Sale Price 62 00100.00 Brass Beds, Sale Price ' 8000We have the most complete line in our present stock wc haveeven hadIf you wish to save money the time to do it is in our September Cash Sale.Our SPECIAL CASH SALES have always been fust as represented-Great Money Savers.B b H iJHINTONCORNER SIXTH AND MAIN, PARIS, KY?': vM .xN "zvY.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, jqSNTUCK?- ft.,- -PAGB TITt-ISqftfax;FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESIMON'S SELLING OUTCONTINUES.SALESOCIAL ASD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Hfere, There andElsewhere.A LARGE LOT OF WHITEGOODS. 90C QUALITY, REDUCEDTO 49C YARD. SEE OUR STOCKAND PRICES BEFORE YGU BUY.HARRY SIMON.HANDSOME NEW AUTOMr. and 'rs. Albert Hinton arsthe proud owners of a handsomenew Chalmers Coupe, purchasedand delivered through the Big FourMotor Co., of Paris. The car is oneof the most modern design and hasattracted a great deal of admiration from all who have seen it.EXECUTOR'S SALE OF DEPOSITBANK STOCK.I will sell in blocks of five, atpublic auction at 10:30 a. m., Monday. September 6, 1920, at theCourt House door, in Paris, 27shares of capital stock of PeoplesDeposit Bank and Trust Co. ofParis.W. 0. HINTON, Executor.11. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.DEADMAN'S IDENTITYUNESTABUSHEDSTILLUp to the present lime the identity of the white (man who was killed by an L. & N. passenger trainnear Kiserton, remains unsolved.Coroner Rudolph Davis forwardedto the Chief of Police at Muncie,Indiana, a photograph of the deadman, in the tope of learning something of the man's relatives. Aphotograph wks also sent to the authorities at Cincinnati, where it ishoped a clue may be picked udNothing had been heard from eitherplace up to Is st night.EXECUTOR'S SALE OF DEPOSITBANK STOCK ;,"hi-I will sell in blocks of five, atpublic auction at 10:30 a. in., Monday, September 6, 1920, at theCourt House door, in Paris, 27shares of capital stock of PeoplesDeposit Bank and Trust Co.. ofParis.W. 0. HINTON, Executor.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.oA SAFE AND SANE INVESTMENTFEATUREMiss Ethel May Shanklin is visiting friends and relatives in Maysville. -Mrs. Evelyn Friedman is visiting friends and relatives in Cincinnati. Miss Daisy Taylor, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss Nancy Young,in this city.Miss Dorothy Tingle, of Covington, is a guest of Miss MildredCollins in this city.-r-Mrs. R. H. JBurris and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Burris, have returned from an extended stay at Mt.Clemens, Michigan.-Mr- and Mrs. Claude Harris ofPans, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Taliaferro, at Erlanger.ivir. a. j. jb'ee is attending theBlue Grass Fair, at Lexinsrton. as aguest of her sister, Mrs. George Sm-David L. Thornton, Jr., spentthe week-end in Versailles with hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Thornton, Sr.Squire George "v. Rednion hasreturned from a visit to fiiends andrelatives in Georgetown and Scottcounty.Mrs. W. E. Risque has returned to her home in Midway, after avisit to relatives in this city andcounty.Mrs. Hiram s. Redmnn Tine 1 will 'sell in blocks oi live Zlturned to her home in this city after public auction, at 10:30 a. in., Montl1 t0 Miss Lela Scoggan,-in Lou- day, September 6. 1920, ai; the"Mrs. Addie Duvall and niece Court HouSe do0r Paris' 27Miss Lela Duvall. have returned shares of capital stock of Peoplesfrom a visit to Mrs. Ella Rya-n, in j Deposit Bank and Trust Co., of"?1-"1- ... . ! Pansiurs. jrercy smitn ana mother.Mrs. Young, of Paiis, attended theberry and Anna Elizabeth Swearengen. Iced tea, sandwiches and salads were served.- Miss France's Sullivan, of Lexington, is a 'guest of Miss MargaretLavin.Misses Nell and ElizabethCrutcher are guests of friends mCincinnati.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Edward Burke.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hollidayare here from Chicago the guests oflelatives and friends.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern havereturned from a visit to relatives inBirmingham, Alabama.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Robert M.Hopkins, in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Owen L. Davisleft yesterday for a fen-days' stayat West Baden Springs, Indiana.Miss Maude Saunders, of Paulo,Kansas, is a guest of Miss NancyDent McCartney, on South Mainstreet.The Blue Grass Fair at Lexington, is drawing a large dailypatronage from Paris and Bourboncounty.Mrs J. Frank Trisler is visiting her parents,' Mr. and Mrs.Richard Legg, in Handley, WestVirginiaoEXECUTOR'S SALE OF DEPOSITBANK STOCK.EXCURSIONCincinnati, O.and returnvia$2.35 L. & N. $2.35Sunday, Sept. 12, 1920Special train will leave Paris at.8:20 a. m., returning, will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m City Time. .For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.Fine Perfumes.Xtan't fail to ,take stock in ournew series, opening Sept. 4, 1920.We have been tried by many peopleall of whom recommend us to thosewho wish an easy plan to save andearn good interest on what theysave. If you wish to buy a homeyou can And no easier or more systematic plan to pay for it.Foi any information you wish,call or see F. W. Galloway, at ouroffice.PEOPLES BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION.Office at Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co. 'G. W. WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Secretary.oDENNIS SNAPP RE-ELECTEDDennis V. Snapp, of Paris, whohas so ably and efficiently filled theposition of Field Secretary of theKentucky Conference Sunday SchoolBoard of the Methodist Church, willfill that office for another term. Atthe session of the conference heldiin.Lexington, Wednesday, Mr. Snappwas re-elected Field Secretary by aunanimous vote, thus putting theseal of official approval on his conduct of that important office in thepast. Mr. Snapp will continue tomake his headquarters in Paris.The Field Secretary's report ofwork for 1919-20 showed that Mr.Snapp had traveled 9,165 miles, was.absent from his office on official business 145 days, had visited 57schools, and had made 80 addresses.The annual report of the work ofthe State Epworth League, compiledunder the supervision of Mr. Snapp,president of the League, and his coworker:, has been completed anddelivered from THE NEWS jobfuneral and burial of Mrs. May Wsh,in Cynthiana.'John Keith Vansant, of Atlanta, Ga., is a guest of his parents,Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansanl, onPleasant street.Gideon Tucker, former Parisian, -now in the employ. of the Western Union Telegraph Co., at Cincinnati, is a guest of relatives in thiscity.Miss Bettie Righter Megibbenhas leturned to her home in Cynthiana after a visit to her cousin,Miss Margaret Foisythe, in this jcity.Mrs. W. C. Dodson, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, is improving, andwill soon be able to return to herhome.Mrs. J. N. Ammerman and MissMay Ammerman have returned totheir home in Cynthiana after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Robert Turner, inthis city.Robert B. Lillard has returnedto his home in Arlington, after avisit to Mrs. Florence B. Green andsister, Miss Imogene Red;mon, in.this city.Capt. Speed G. Hibler, ofMaysville, genial L. & N. conductor,formerly of Paris, has gone toFrench Lick Springs, Indiana, for avacation stay of ten days.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Fitzwater have returned to their home inCynthiana, after a visit to the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. JamesH. Rye, of Mt. Airy Avenue.Mrs. J.B. Day, of Cincinnati, isr nn Anf ftf TIT. r TCr. T-fcl. n XTci- gurau ui mi. auu 11.10. ovtiiu. 1.Potts, who are touring the Bluegrass region, are guests of Mr. Butler's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. O.Butler.Mrs. James D. Snowden, of LosAngeles, California, and two children Nicholas and Helen, are guestsof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Kriener, and family, onTwelfth street.Mrs. Bessie Finrell, of Covington, and daughters, Misses MaryNell and Elsie, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Fay Aidery. Mrs. Finnell andfa,mily are preparing to move fromCovington to Lexington.Lee Deaver left yesterday morning for Hughton, Saskatchewan,Canada, where he will take a postion as assistant foreman on the bigran che of E. F. Spears & Sons, ofParis.-William Kerns, of Carlisle, andMrs. John SIoods. and daughter,Miss Nettie Sloops, of Lexington, ,fhave returned to their homes aftera visit to Mrs. Thomas Herrin andfamily, of South Main street.Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Williamshave returned to their home inShelbyville after a visit to Mr. andMrs. George W. Ellis, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Ellis recently had asguests, Mrs. James Worthington, ofMaysville.Prof, and Mrs. J. T. Hazelrigg"and little, daughter, who have beenW. 0. HINTON, Executor.'M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.NOTICE TO AUTOMOBILE OWNERS.We have purchased the ParisOverland Car Garage, on Tenthstreet, near Pleasant, and will dogeneral repairing on all kind ofcars. We will make a specialty ofrepairing Ford cars. We have oneof the best Ford mechanics in theState. We will also do automobiletop building, trimming and repairing of all kinds. Dents taken out oibodies and fenders. All work guaranteed. ARCHDEACON BROS ,(31-2t) Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.WANTEDTomatoesGreen BeansCornand all kinds ofCountry ProduceMason & Hanger Construction Co.XALAPA FARM(aug27-4t)good that areMosquitoesand Rats-How To Get-Rid of Them, -:xUceax&Important Notice!Miss Patsy Clarke, of Paris, 'willmeet any pupils desiring to takepiano, voice or expression lessons tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, from1:00 to 3:00, at . the County HighSchool, in Millersburg. (It)oomMrs. Geo. Ellis, ProprietorAnnouncing the openingof a modernjPea RoomRegular Meals,Light Lunches.Salads, Sandwiches,Coffee, Tea,Milk, Etc.No perfumes arenot lasting.Cheap perfumes will not last andthey are a damage to anyone whouses them. TJiey are poor taste.By cheap "perfumes we mean perfumes that are made just to sell.We sell good perfumes, perfumesmade by houses with reputations tosustain.Some of these perfumes are not"B" pnueu, uui me quauiy is always there.Hudnut's and Colgate's perfumesare equal to any. We sell them inVinllr rvr. in nn silm rm. . et rn 1ounce. Finer" grades for piore!1 entirely different frommoney.MWe have the goods. Some-These perfumes last,.We sell the fine French perfumes, too. Hubigant'sv Fiver's,Mary Garden, Djerkiss, Roger &Gallett, and others. These are considered the best and we sell them inbulk or package from 50c worth upto $5.00.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.what you have been using.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription Druggists -THEREX ALL STOREBoth Phones Paris,' Ky.I1THEELLIS TEAROOMVnnm( Tim T--w1r nnmnricoc fnrfv-fnr orc rtf owriTifCii eiinw.. spending the summer in Paris withing thebfull proceedings of the con-. Miss Annie Daugherty and brothference and the reports of the WOrk-, ejs. have returned to their hopne mcrs and committees. euciujrvuw, wueie ri. a"bhis superintendent oe uit x-uunuSchools.Henry C. Lilleston, 'Mrs. Hada-wajr and daughter, Mrs. Sue Besse,KEW PB0CESS GAS STOVES THEVEEY BEST.Get thP -ntpw Prnnp.cc; -, stoves to of Kansas City, who have been thedo vnnr cotino- Thr -roiii spvp guest of Misses Lilleston. at theiryour gas bill.27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.illZsaixM jg . 10jrwjrL&r!F tkbbbi 'tt' ' usTjb III III febw If 'WBffUrOpposite Court HouseFALL OPENINGFriday, Septembervlfillinery10iT--.Mrs. Mamie ParkerYou Are. InvitedmmTo Onr Friends and CustomersSlenderizingthe Full FigureIf yon are of ncavy or mediumbuild you will find thatESShonme on Higgins Avenue, left Monday for an auto trip through Ohio, iIndiana and Illinois. They were accompanied by Miss Mattie Lilleston,POPULAR REAL ESTATE ITRM who will visit relatives in Chicagowv . r m -r.ii linn tinfni'O rntiirninr " Poric 'Ui JiiSW UUAKXEita. ucxw u.u.uc,-Mrs. Thompson Tarr entertam-Owing to thlr rapidly increasingbusiness" Mitchell, Morela-nd &Mitchell, real estate dealers, haveleased the entire second floor of thePeople's Pharmacy- building, between Sixth and Seventh, streets, andmoved Wednesday to their newquarters. The firm has only been inbiipiprcs ?ix months and their quarters in the First National Bankbuilding were entirely too smalled delightfully Tuesday night at herbeautiful country home, on theGeorgetown road, near Paris, with abridge party. The honor guests forthe occasion were Mrs. McKleroy, ofAnniston, Alabama, guest of Mr. andMrs. Stuart Roberts, and Mr. andMrs. Lucien Buck, of South America, guests of Paris relatives.Mrs. Japnes Duncan Bell washostess Tuesday afternoon at herThey have been successful selling ; home on High street at the secondcity and farm property every week, cf a series of teas in honor of herIt you have property for sale list it sister, Mrs. Curtis' P. Smith, of Dalivith us. If vou are in the market las, Texas, who has just returnedfor a home in" the city or a farm, big J from a five-months' tour of Europe,or little, we have it. Our dealings : Receiving with Mrs. Bell were Mrs.are strictly on the square with both ' Smith and Miss Elizabeth Yerkes,Jailer and buyer. Remember our the latter of Pasadena, Cali., andnew location unstairs over the ! assisting were Mrs. Theo. S. Smiley,.Peonlp's Phprmsnv Mrs. Georee Williams Clay, Mrs.fMITCHELL, MORELAND & s Durand Whipple, Mrs. Louis Taylar,MITCHELL, v 'Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, MissesReal Itetate Dealer, Parte, Ky. Maragaret Ferguson, Carolyn Roee-PVIDBIHIvm rfftTfftiwill give you comfort and atrim graceful figure.Of especial appeal tothe largewoman is the strong belt webbing over the abdomen andthe reinforced back and hiplines. Rengo Corsets growold gracefully. " Youth, beauty and charm are coming halfway to meet yon. The Rengois scientifically made for fullfigured women.Rengo Corsets are ecorlomtcally priced Jrom ' $3 to $10iFrank & Co.The Parrakeet Mineral Water & Grocery Co.Successors to Dan Jordan . Tenth and Main StreetsWishes to announce the opening of theirNewMeatMarket'-.ONSATURDAY, SEPT. 4thWith a Full Line of Fresh and Smoked MeatsThanking you in advance for past favors,and wishing to retain same in the future, webeg to remain;YOURS POR SERVICE,Parrakeet Mineral Waterand Grocery CompanyTheDon't Forget the DateCome and Try to Getl .-5-NVk r J. - lf ,"' .C"--?THE BOURBON! NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYX' FJtmAX SEPTEMBER 3. 12Q.B5!Af,'k cjjKj riff k.WORTH HIT INGOLD, SHE SAYSDoctor CupidJ "TT-io- IrvrrA CAmnfimae MirASt llS-ease is a fact that has been calledto the attention of the public by agrominent physician. Love is not,owever, the eur$ for all women.Many a woman is nervous andirritable, feels dragged down andworn out for no reason that shecan think of.-Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription gives new life and newstrength to weak, worn-out,run-down women. "FavoritePrescription" makes weak womenstrong and sick women well. Itis now sold by all druggists in theUnited States in -tablets as wellas liquid form.Send 10c to Dr. Pierce, BuffaloN.Y., for trial pkg. of the tablets.Nashville, Tenn. "I have usedDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescriptionand found it to do what it is recommended to do. It did me more goodthan the doctors. I had several andnone of them did me any good. Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription is theonly thing for weak, broken-downwomen. I felt like a new womanafter taking it. I weighed 155 lbs.and never felt better in my life."Mrs. Agnes Tatum, 175 L. Green St.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEWGains 20 Pounds and Feels BetterThan She Has In TwentyYears. r-REMEMBER STATE FAIRPrices on poultry have shownsome decline The movejment frompioducers has been heavy, and dealers are reluctant to store the surplusat present high prices.(Butter production is showing'some decrease, but is still heavy forThis time of the year, owing to generally good pasturage conditions.Demand has been very good andprices are steady to firmer.Offerings of fiesh eggs are decreasing. The demand is very good,and dealers are drawing 'eggs fromstorage quite freely to meet theneeds of the consuming trade.Why, Tanlac has built me up froma hundred and fourteen to a hundred and thirty-one Dounds. I'mfeeling better than I have in morethan twenty years," said Mrs. Mat'tie O'Neil, residing at Station A,3arberton, Ohio."For fifteen years I suffered fromstomach trouble and rheupiatism,and scaicely knew what a, moment'sease was. At times I got so sickthat I just had to leave the table.I never even dared to eat -anythinggreasy, for it would nauseate meand I could taste it for hours afterwards. I always dreaded to seenight come, for I was so restless Icouldn't sleep. What little I ateduring the day seemed to -lie in thepit of my stomach and paired me sobad'that I could hardly stand it. Itried every kind of medicine I everheard of, but kept getting worse allthe time."I heard so jmuch about Tanlacthat I saited taking it, and thevery first bottle bi ought my appetite back. I have finished my fifthbottle and I not only gained seventeen pound?, but I feel ten yearsyounger. I can eat anything Iwant and I never have a pain ofany, kind. I sleep the whole nightlike a child and I'm feeling betterin e-very way than I have in a longtime."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the Peoples' Pharmacy.oQualities That Count.The highway of life may be roughand full of obstruction ; one may beweary of the heat and the dust; butthe courage that comes' of an honestheart and a clear conscience will findfor the wayfarer green arbors of restand cooling springs whereat to quenchhis thirst. Georgia May Cunningham.Farm Bureau members andfriends of the organization areasked to rem inner Friday, September 17th, which will be Farm Bureau Day, at the Kentucky StateFair. Friday, as everyone knowswho attends the State Fair, is always a "Big Day." The management of the State Fair has shownits recognition of the worth of theKentucky Farm Bureau Federationby setting aside one of the "best"days of Fair week as Farm BureauDay. Many county bureaus df adjoining States have announced thatthey will send delegations to theKentucky State Fair on Farm Bureau Day.Members of the Kentucky Federation at a recent meeting ofthe Executive Committee took stepsto see that nothing is done by thenational law makers to shift a greater burden from industrial intereststo the farmers of the nation.Rival Odors.If you feel that you are experiencingbard luck, think of the Oregon manwho recently completed a comfortablerose cottage on 'the seashore, whenthe sad sea waves washed up a deadwhale in front of his home, and nowhe's decided that It will be cheaper tot move the cnttnfrt thnn fha TuhalABoston TranscriptXIi:iXEXUHKHi--1 LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESi Girls! Make beauty lotion toria few cents Try It!Squeeze the juice of two lemons"into a bottle containing threeounces of orchard white, shake welland you will have a quarter pint ofthe best freckle and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifier, at very, verysmall costYour grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill upply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, aims and hands eachday and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, softand rosy-white the skin heconies.Yes! It is harmless and never irritates.(adv-tf-F)OSSSV SSBV -- .WBWMmZffl&nisxfwr&E jimn?i3g a $ mwithout question if Il-int'sSalvefails in the treatment of Ft.ren.3,Tetter R'rvwonn Itch.e'c Don tbecome discouraged farcjuso othertreatmeots tailed Hunt'sb.lvofans relieved hundred) of cuth'JVH Money Bach Guaranir- Tryi.j.ifn itatourti.e iouni i-itc oc2ggirfJjttn For Oe lo-ai'. hyFor Sale byL, OBBRDORFBR,Druggist, Paris, Ky.WILDROOTwill improvenairorwe ipay you Is Wildroot is a guaranteed preparation Ewhich goes right at the hidden cause sof coming baldness the scaly, itchy rrcrust of dandruff. Wildroot removesr this crust allows nature to producer the thick lustrous hair normal to any -rhealthy scalp.Wildroot Liquid Shampoo or Wildroot rphampoo Soap, used ia connection withWildroot Hair Tonic, will hasten theI treatment. SWtLDBflflTr THE GUARANTEED HAIR TONICFor sale here under a 33 money'back guarantee aBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.IGEO. W. DAVISJFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipmentdatu DUAMK-niYin! NIOHT 299V.n . .w., j .,Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'Attention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market EorYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.The Arrival.The Baby As a protest against theQigh cost of clothing, I didn't bringanything at all.ESCAPEDANRATIONIlllllllllUliiiJJJllllllllawlbwaVBCatarrh Can Be CuredCatarrh it a local disease greatly Influfefceti by esnitltutldnal conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional trfttMkt HAUL'S CATARRH MEDICINEit taken internally and act! throughthe Slood on the Ifucou Surfaces ofthe System. HALL'S CATARRHMEDICIN& destroys the foundation ofthe iiscase, gives the patient strength byXssproring the general health and assistsmature in doing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.(adv-sept)By Taking Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. ManySuch Cases.Cairo, III. "Some lime ago I gofc sobad with female trouble that I thoughtI would have to beoperated on. I hada bad displacement.My right side wouldpain me and I wasso nervous I couldnot hold a glass ofwater. Many timesI would have to atopmy ivork and sitdown or I would fallon the floor in afaint. I consultedseveral doctors andevery one told me the same but I keptfighting to keep from having the operation. I had read so many times of LydiaE Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andj it helped my sister bo I began taking it.!1 have neer felt better than I havesince then and I keep house and am ableto do all my work. The Vegetable Com-,pound is certainly one grand medjeine."'Mrs, J, B. Matthews. 3$fl SycamoreStreet, Cairo, 111.Of course Jheie hre many serious caiefthat only surgical operation will relieve. We freely acknowledge this, butthe above letter, and many others like it,amply prove that many operations arerecommended when medicine in manyzases is all that is needed. . -If you want, special advice write toLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential), Lynn, Mass.You Can Never Go Wrong WithRoyal Malt Extract -Hops - IsinglassIt always proves satisfactoryhas the old time flavorINTRODUCTORY OFFER: We will give FREE 1 gross firstquality bottle caps to every purchaser of the following combination :2H Lbs. Royal Malt Extract .2H Oz. Royal HopsH Oz. Royal Isinglass ....Special Discount In Quantities.We also sell fcn any -quantity Hose, Caps, Capping Machines,Hop, Malt Extract, Isinglass, Bottles, etc.ACEHTS AND DEALERS WANTEP-WRITE FPU TERRITORYLouisville Bottling Works337 East Market StmtMail Orders AsM 10c Postage$1.25Louisville, Ky.Wholesale and RetailBrr -im LVIIHIHIIIIll Hill lllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllillllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllimilHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlgWilliam K. Hagan 6-bNAPXHITECT & ENGINEERSPari.. Ky.rifcT NATIONAL DANKfcgpNilHftfflmWHWoS.V. &..,i(,rral"" ri tk Lt ' - i mi v fc l 9 wtNow the whole famili) can gpout on a Summer evenisO.I J f' J; - H. jsmf.Wr ..Select your tires Stocording to the roadtthey have to travel!In sandy or hilly country, wherever the goingis apt to be heavy ThgV. S. Nobby.For ordinary tounkyroads The U. S. Chainor Uico.For front wheels-The U. S. Plain.For best resultseverywhere U. S.Royal Cords.THE women should cer- they're beginning to insisttainly be thankful for the en knowing wh&i they areautomobile. It has given getting. M --mtnem a chance to see a lotmore of their febands. - na Ine more tney msis J&' "I : rfM-maosM. the better it will bettor us JtirVtfeTvirani our customersupiisiiinnV!Jn?S?SV!C3VFvBSBSSVc"fS' Tmcv ?Sy i ffi7 5St5BML CCRD-ri06'-CKrtllf USCC-PtAltti- j ji ftfr But it has done a greaterf-t -r--k 4-T -V4- .-j. o.x uiuiv, ixxeni Lixcit, gsay ' . . ,ix. aas orougnt people Closertogether, given them nevinterests, swept away oldprejudices.What affects one man nowgenerally affects a good manyof his neighbors in the sameway. And they have a betterchance to get together andtalk things over.ffl 'It's had its effect on thetire business.When automobiles werenew people were willing tobuy any kind of a tire. Nowto know what they arc Jf.getting. -iC"' .That's why we representU. S. Tires so there vwill beno doubt about it. . 'Whatever ilic size of TourATcar, you know that the U. S.j. Aiw jrvu.jwc- -j. at. J.O u.v AC70& vjs,kind of tire its makers know&?how to make.U. S. Tires are guaranteedfor life without any limi ,tation of mileage. "That ought to mean something to the man who hasthought about tires..Onited StaterTifeS'-..wTIRE AND VULCANIZING COwi-? 'N: H. TAYLOE, HangerBOTH PH01SS 60tX. C. XUOGLES:V j. t -i . t(,'X"VC 7' ,-PrW"SSBBBBSBSjI yd M -:LtS-J"V-y-.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1920.rati BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYr '- PACT. '"&&.SrWaddcll'sPile RemedyPon't Suffer Don't be Operateden until you have tried Dr. Waddeli'agile Remedy. Absolutely hamlets. Guaivanteed to give absolute satisfaction ortnoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at youriraggwt If not write us.chcinetithsGroVaKvBROOKS & NAPP,Paris, "KentuckyREAL FLESH BUILDERArgo-Phosphate contains phosphates such as physicians all overworld are prescribing to build uprun-down, anepnic conditions andchanging tbin, anemic womenwith toneless tissues, flabby fleshinto the most beautiful, rosy-cheekedand plump, round formed womenimaginable.NOTICE Dr. Frederick Jacobson says: Argo-Phosphate builds upall run-down constitutions in a fewdays wonderfully.Dispensed by Brooks & SnappDrug Co.(aug6-sept3)Objectionable Flea. r"What I most object to," remarkedthe Airdale Pup, "is the flea whothinks he is doing me a favor to associate with me."iGOVSRNOR MORROW PROCLAIMSLABOR DAY.Governor Edwin P. JVIorrow issued a proclamation Saturday, declaring Mdnday, September 6, a Stateholiday in honor of Labor Day. Theproclamation follows:"By the power and authority inme vested I declare Labor Day aState holiday and urge the people, ofthe Gommonwealth to assemble together on. that day in grateful appreciation of the manifold blessingswhich come to all from the countless paths of toil, that a deeper atpreciation of the honor and dignityof labor shall be born within everyheart, and there shall come a newdetermination to do well the workwhich lies at our hand to the endthat we shall renew our labors witha new and more abiding determination for 'the betterment of the worldand its people." .....The real successes go to men whohold on until they get their secondwind. Nobody ,gets very for the firstspurt.A BIT OF MICEFirst Don't Delay SecondDon't Experiment.If you suffer from backache ',headaches or dizzy spells; if yourest poorly and are languid in themorning; if the kidney secretionsare irregular and unnatural in appearance, do not delay. In suchcases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especially prepared for kidney trouble. Theyare recommended by thousands,.Can Paris residents desire moreconvincing proof of their effectiveness than the statepnent o a Pariscitizen who has used them and willingly testifies to their worth?Win, W. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstreet, Paris, says: "Some years agoI found it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, T ra them.7 !- proved to be stfeilactory andpermanently rid me of the complainti ha good rp-vson to recommendDoair's Kidney Pills and advisedtheir use to anyone troubled with aweak and lame back or irregularpassages of the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney repiedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn.Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Mother Love.A mother's love is indeed the goldenlink that binds youth to age; and heis still but a child, however time mayhave furrowed his cheek, or silveredhis brow, who can yet recall, with asoftened 'heart, the fond devotion, orFhe gentle chidings, of the best friendthat God ever gives us. Bovee.Soda Imports.About 900,000 tons of nitrate of sodaare imported to the United Statesfrom Chile annually.Cement Substitute for-Learf.Cement as a substitute for lead IVconnecting the joints of cast iron wit- ,ter pipes is employed in Portland, Ort,with great success.kll)MHiDr. Ferdmaad Kaff.'NcYoric Physician and MedicalAatbor, says ;"It i3 my opison that in practically nine times oat of ten. anBtrcns; nerves aodfaillngstrengtliaad vitality are dao to deficiencyof iron in the blood. I am convinced that there are thousands-who, simply by taking- NuxatedIron, mieht readily bmid np theirTcdhlood corpuscles, increasatheir physical energy and getthemselves back to vibrant andvifforoca health." vjagawwiReduced Railroad Rates to Louisville and Return State Fair WeekCOME TO LOUISVILLE -SEPTEMBER IZto 18,1020yWfijjv J5jitf?jv lyaM&mt&f-jdsf&m BBrJWrrBy LWI If You Can't IGet Just TheI Furniture II That You Want IIn Your Town II PAY II THE FREIGHT IMy Prices Will Save YouThe Cost Of The Trip ToLouisville. I100 Holstein CalvesWith Great FuturesSired by the world famous bull,King Pontiac Hengorveld Fayne, ason of the King of the Pontiacs,who has 268 daughters in the accredited list. We also have oldersons and daughters of this famousbull.See tic World's Record CawIlolo Merceua de Kol andthe world's greatest bull.King Pontiac HengerveldFayne, at the ColdstreamFarms exhibit, KentuckyState Fair.Coldstream Farms Holstein Friesian cattle will pay you larger returns than any other investmentyou could make. Write us todayand let us show you how easily youcan acquire some of these worldfamous animals.We want to place aCHOICE DUROC SOWON YOUR FARMNo money necessary. Don't waitto see us at the Fair. They mayall be goue by that time. If youwant one write today for particulars.AddrF. O. BIBLE, Gcn'I Mgr.Coldstream FarmsHome of World Record HolsteinFriesian Cattle and DurocJersey SwineLEXINGTON, KY.Special FeaturesAt the Fair$10,000 Saddle Horse Stake$10,000 Steer Championship$3,000 'Kentucky Beef CattleFuturities$4,000 Jersey Cattle Exhibit$5,000 Swine ShowRACING DAILYAL WILSONAERONAUTIC ACROBATHIPPODROMEBIG ACTS NIGHTLYTHE HOUSE OFGOOD FURNITUREExcellent Service,Wonderful Values22 W. Market, UwmJU, ly.Hands Across the StateThe Louisville Board of Trade extends to youan invitation and a welcome. Cometo Louisville come to the State Fairthe onejbig event'ofjls land during the year.DRINKFEHK5Mad n Ckolcast 2?iMFiMTt nopeLight or DarkServed at theState FairA VISIT to the metropolis of your State duringState Fair Week will do you good. It will be aprofitable vacation for you. Louisville is yourmetropolis as well as ours. You should feel proud of itsprogress as we, of Louisville, feel proud off the development of your County. The State Fair is YOUR Fair.The best of everything pertaining to agricultural development is assembled here annually for your benefit.Come and look over the displays. See the newestequipment and methods for making your farm more profitable, your home more comfortable, and see the progresswhich Louisville has made since your last visit it willpay you.Bring your problems -with you and exchange ideaswith your neighbors. If you have undeveloped resourcesin your town or county, tell us about them and we willhelp you secure capital for their development The Louisville Board of Trade offers you its heartiest co-operationin every project that will add to the greater development of our State. Let us pull together.LOUISVILLE BOARD OF TRADEJOSEPH BURGE, PresidentW. E. MORROW, SecretaryWe join the Louisville, Board of Trade in extending this invitationThe Louisville Trust Co.The Beverly Co.Commonwealth Life Insurace Co.Federal Chemical Co.Lampton, Crane & Ramey Co.Belknap Hardware & Mfg. Co.D. H. Ewing's Sons.Louisville Cement Co.Carter Dry Goods Co.Robinson-Pettet Co.North Jellico Coal Co.Goodwin Preserving Co.The Ouerbacker Coffee Co.Louisville Paper Co.Robinson Bros. & Co.Louisville Railway Co.Louisville Bedding Co.Southern Optical Co.Myer-Bridges Co.Otis Hidden to.Todd Donigan Iron Co.Louisville Tin Stove Co.xJohn C. Lewis Co. (Louisville National Banking Co.Jennie C. Benedict & Co.Oscar Farmer & Sons.Falls City Clothing Co.Bayless Bros. & Co.Stratton & Terstegge Co.Office Equipment Co.The National Hame & Chain Co.Swann Abram Hat Co.Rodes-Rapier Co.Henry Heick Hdw. Co.'Harbison & Gathright.H. A. Brinkhaus & Sons, Trunks'.Amos Yeager, Hay and Grain.Peaslee-Gaulbert . Co.Louisville Home Telephone CoJno. P. Morton & Co.Peter-Neat-Richardson Co.E. D. Morton & Co.Jas. H. Button & Co. -Stewart Dry Goods Co.Fred. W. Keisker & Son.SeeltAt THE FAIRON display or in action the Dixie Flyer bears the closestscrutiny.Its clean lines, lowhanging body and finefinish satisfy the critical eye. There's an appeal to pride of ownership in the unquestionable ability of the carto take you there andbring you back.Attendants at theState Fair are requested to visit the DixieFlyer booth.KENTUCKY WAGONIEm MFG.-CO. sSit Incorporated pt. Louisville, Ky. AEM Dixie Motor Sale Co.. Incor- 1ftfj Porated. 544 S. Third Sl.LobU- MMl 0lHe y' S'ae Distributors.WsistsWsWsissWsWsWisAt the Genco TentFREEMotion PicturesLET US SHOW YOU THKSEVENTH WONDER OF THEWORLD. MOTION PICTURESFOR YOUR HOME. SCHOOLOR CHURCH, USING THEDEVRY PORTABLE PROJECTOR TOGETHER WITH THENEW FORD GENERATOR.WITH THIS IT IS POSSIBLEFOR YOUR COUNTY AGENTTO BRING ALL GOVERNMENT PICTURES INTO YOURHOME. SEE IT WORK.ALSO A COMPLETE INSTALLATION SHOWING THEGENCO ELECTRIC LIGHTAND POWER PLANT WITHALL ACCESSORIES IN OPERATION. BRINGS THE CITYTO THE COUNTRY.GREAT SOUTHERNDISPLAY ROOMSC30-32-34 Fourth Ave.Ewrykmsly Wmleimm.Frttm Prim to Mm Ladies.4?5bSbltI3j!Bourbon Stockyard Company1 ' " ' " INCORPORATE O . Mmmmmmm ..BEST STOCKER AND FEEDER MARKETThe place where buyers and sellers meet Market all your livstock here. Write us tomy of your needs. See our rsBre-sentative at the Fairm!sSSSllffSmNEARESTDODBEETHEMLESMore Milesin a gallon of Tri-Oxyalene thanin any other moto'r fuel.ITri-Oxyalene gives U. S. Government 46 more mileagethan high test airplane gasolene. Twenty Filling Stations inLouisville. Tri-Oxyalene TankWagon will be stationed at theAuto ga'te at the Fair for yourconvenience.Chemical Fuel Co.of ApieficaINCORPORATEUMtavHU KiMmltyHandsomest, Best EquippedGARAGEN In Louisville. See Us When You Come to theState FairDistributors ofMaxwell and JordanEmbry - WeirMotors Co., Inc.845 S. Third St.Hudson and EssexFinest of Their Class in theWorldTRIANGLE MOTORS CO.IncorporatedDistributors for Kentuckyand Southern Indiana'4i!0ft&- -J v: -wiG.LOOMYUXE.KY.; ;s- '4 '?" y-t r'Vti.-.?tl --L 'r--h-a-1 jav. "rNJBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER t, 1; iTHE ALAMO ANJ- PARIS GRAND Admission: Sy-' -r PAGE EIGHT THENotice of Street Inspection!Notice is hereby gpLven that the Improvepient Committee of theBtty of Paris, Kentucky, will inspect on the 31st day of August, 1920,B X0 o'clock a. ni., that portion of Pleasant Street, in the City of Paris,Kentucky, between Second and Twelfth Street, recently constructed by3L&inptonr Buries & Co., for the puipose of receiving said work if theaame has been constructed according lo plants and specifications.Said inspection will begin at ten o'clock a. m., on said day, at theoscner of Second and Pleasant Streets, from that point to the corner cfTwelfth and Pleasant Streets.At said time the owners of the property liable for the cost of saidaprovement, the contractors therefor, their agents and representatives,raay appear and be heard before said Improvement Committee asa'liether the work has been done and the cost thereof estimated in accordance with 4:he ordinance and contract therefor.The engineer's estimate of the cost of said work and the cost persetting foot of property, the name of the abutting property owners,ts number of abutting feet of property owned by each person and theiToportionatc part of the cost of the improvement to be assessed against the property of each abutting property owner and thefsert payable by the city is as follows, to-wit:2?Gerty Owner Frontage Cost Tax Per Foot2i, & N. K. R 51 feet $208.98 ?4.09791BL P. Terry, Win. McCanii1. D. Mitchell 62 feet $206.28 $3.3273ZE. B. Hutchcraft 41.5 feet $173.47 $4.1803mT$ & Co 20 fpet $88.74 $4.4373Qzm'l Kerslake & Son 38.5 feet $190.05 $4.93643T. F. Spears & Sons 60 feet ' $226.79 $3.7798&. 2?. Fithian 90 feet. $403.27 $4.48C6H. O. James 60 feet $266.25 $4.4373Mhard& Ball 74feet $372.23 $5.0300ZErs. H. M. Harris Estate .. ..127 feet $593.28 $4.67133L T. Hinton Estate -:84 feet $382.99 $4.5594G. W. P-edmon 56 feet $260.13 $4.6451CfBel! ..40.5 feet $189.06 $4.66805Salter Martin 36.5 feet $170.35 $4.66703&s. Winnie Ford 36 feet $166.28 $4.6189Vpa. Taylor 44 feet $223.95 $5.0898BScihan Bayless 65 feet $322.63 $4.9634Sfetilda T. Y.'illiams 87 feet' $296.54 $3.3890'Stomas Hem. v Clay 248 feet $1137.92 $4.5883SSrs. Sussell Mann 133 feet $594.18 $4.4675A. B. Hancock 137 feet $626.09 $4.5700iftfftoffice. City of Paris 100 feet $477.48 $4.7748Wis. Mollie Rice 65 feet $300.28 $4.6196m. E. McCury 46 feet $209.76 $4.5603ISLcs. J. Doty 54 feet $263.07 $4.8717XW. Davis . 129 feet $613.12 $4.7528XW. Connell 71 feet $303.15 $4.2695IL. D. Harris and Geo. Speakes..65 feet $302.38 $4.6519332. Coughlin 131 feet $581.69 $4.44023E&la Conley 39.5 feet $190.53 $4.82353temes Macon 46.5 feet $241.72 $5.1982Snch Thompson 61 feet $270.47 $4.433SIXis. Annie Embry 61 feet $260.87 $4.2764M. Clay Howard .. .-. 5G fe6t y $239.4,3 $4.27553L C. Wilson 96 feet $415.43 $4.3273E D. Mitchell 48.5 feet $207.58 $4.2798EWoll5tPin " 49 feet 5210.44 $4.2946Windsor Hotel, Mr. and Mrs.Gogin -. ..53 feet $205.15 $3.8707BrB: Hutchcraft 26.5 feet $88.17 $3.3273vTSTpal & Martin 64.4 feet $214.28 $3.3273jrd & Co., 24.7 feet $107.38 $4.3475I, 3 Wilson Bros., 43.9 jeet ' $177.42 $4.0869VJyzie Farley 26.3 feet $122.31 $4.65"051&U.&: Simms 46.5 feet $201.82 $4.3402"W C. Massie, Surety & Trust-Gb., Lexington, Ky 41.5 feet $190.53 $4.6285&vL. Ellis .. .: 14.9 feet $68. 7S $4.6159HT. -C: Massie Surety & TrustCo., Lexington, Ky., 22.8 feet $105.86 54.64312jller & Lilleston 20.4 feet $89.48 $4.38612Br Geo. Bell 9.S feet $40.11 $4.0920Teller & Lilleston 22.7 feet $99.53 $4.3845TSTm. Shire and Nettie ShireStraus 20.2 feet $92.11 $4".5599J. A. Stern 19.8 feet $88.08 $4.4485J-jn-McClintock 33.6 feet $161.89 $4.8183Mrs. It. J. Neeley 33.3 feet $164.65 $4.9444Bassell Frank 50.5 feet $244.81 $4.8481SKrs T.F.Roche 24.5 feet $111.53 $4,551"XT. Hinton ...24.4 feet $111.19 $4.5508IXick Kriener 35 feet $155.47 $4.4415& A. Stern 47.5 feet $195.26 $4.1101airs. Patty A. Davit, 87 feet $395.24 $4.5428TlZ and Tom Owens 136 feet $613.76 $4.5129Fwtf Bient 66 feet $229.50 $3.4773lf?t Presbyterian Church .. ..65 feet $229.48 $3.5303Bruce Holliday 56 feet $257.58 $1.5996Ir. f. G. Daugherty 70 feet $301.91 $4.3130atett&ist Church 140 feet $656.17 $4.6869ji: Hinton, Estate 100 feet " $453.78 $4.5378Mrs. B.-Higgms 25 feet $117.68 $4.7072XttsL. Davis 30 feet $135.82 $4,527JOto Shine 45.3 feet $215.53 $4.7577Mrs. Wm. E. Clark 34 feet $162.63 $4.7831MT3. John Schwartz 34 feet $149.13 $4.3861Mrs. T. F. Roche 64.3 feet , $301.09 $4.6826airs. H. L. Mitchell 35 feet $156.96 S4.4844Starift Champ 35.5 feet $159.22 -$4.4850j;W. Jameson 71.5 feet I '$317.41 $4.43912r- J T. Vansant 60 feet $289.65 $4.8273Mis-. K". J. Randall 23 feet $116.88 $4.2120Mrs. W. H. Anderson 46.5 feet $240.53 $5.1724W. G. McClintock 64 feet $279.56 $4.3679XH.'Moreland 47 feet $196.59 $4.1S26Chas. Bash ford, C. K. Thomas sAgent 62 feet $272.29 $4.391SThomas A'Hern .. .. 25 feet $132.98 $5.3193Christian Church Ill feet $505.68 $4.5556Mr&. Lelitia Clay 66 feet $294.61 $4.4636D.D.Wilson . . ..43 feet $192.28 $4.471 1Joe R. Farmer 47 feet $224.93 . $4.78S!r. J. T. Vansant 56 feet $25,5.4S $4.5621Mrs. Brent Hutchcraft 77 feet $345.01 $4.4805Mrs. C. O. Hinton.. . 25 feet $109.28 $4.3713C. H.Goodman 47 feet $214.88 $4.5719J. W. Pavne 59 feet $287.51 $4.8730Dave 'Butler 36 feet $12.15 $0.3375The part payable by the City of Paris t . . . . ,$14,910.01E. B. JANUARY,Chairman of the Improvement Committee.; TO-DAY, FRIDAY"BETTER TIMES"A great life theme has been put intothis happy human drama .by King W.Vidor, creator of "The Turn in the Road."You'll want to see it.ALL-STAR CASTincluding Zaso Pitts, David Butler, LillianLeighton,' Jack McDonald, William DeVaul, Hugh Fay.Also Warner (Hand and Eileen Percyin "The Third Eye"And a "Snub" Pollard ComedyTomorrow,, SaturdayIRENE CASTLEin "The Amateur Wife"A Paramount Artcraft picture. Thezippy romance of a French convent girlwho made Broadway stop, look and listen.. ALSOHAROLD LLOYDin. "FROM HAND TO MOUTH"Monday anc3 Tuesday vLOUISE GLAUM"The Lone Wolf's Daughter"By Louis Joseph Vance. The sequelto "The Lone Wolf" and "False Faces"A tremendous drama and melodramacombined; a story embracing the characters, the thrills, the overpowering gripand fascination of "The Lone vVolf" and"False Facee."IN ADDITION MONDAYMack Sennett Comedy, "The Gingham Girl"and Pathe Review"ADDED ATTRACTIONToday and TomorrowMiss Ada Weiifbe6iE LITTLE ARISTOCRAT OF JAZZ"Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Evening1 J(Shanks, Mrs. Anna Darnell and rioannie iN'orton continue about thesame. Mr. J t TnUr ?,blow ly.,eV04MILLERSBURGI M. M. I. is to -ne continued.Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. and A. M.f at 7:30p. m., Tuesday. j .j f$,MIMrs. O. L. Potts and daughter,Miss Lillian Allen Potts, left Saturday for a visit to relatives at Greensburg, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Bowles andlittle son will leave Saturday fortheir home at Pueblo, Col., after aseeial weeks' visit to Mrs. W. M.Miller and family.NOTICE Miss Patsey Clarke,of Paris, will meet any pupils desiring to toke piano, voice or expression lessons en Saturday afternoon,from 1:00 to 3:00, at the CountyHigh School, in Millersburg. (It)Elder W. J. Slater closed a successful piotracted meeting of twoweeks at Moorefleld, Tuesday nighr,leturning Wednesday. Mrs. Slaterwas with hi;m during the last weekof the meeting.THE SICK Mr. S. M. Allen isable to sit up in an invalid's chair,and is now being wheeled about thehouse. Mr. M. M. Bowles, Mrs. ClaraDBaithough on a small snai nf raant'! From present indications, if theyia..j& wore out, it will be a greatei-.institution than ever hefnrp -tiNelson, son-in-law of Juries m 'Wadell, a former member of the faculty or iu. m. I. under Col. C. M.Best, will take charge of the new irstitution. There will be but twomembers of the faculty this year.The school will be conducted inlooms in the annex of the M. r. ti,.,diilling will be done in the parkj. ne Dtuuui wm De maae up of homeboys. Thirty boys have alreadysigned up for the coming year. Manvboarding pupils could be secured iflhey could only iret hnarrf t ,seems impossible to obtain boardju4 many or tnem at reasonableprices. The M. M. I. will not die, ahas been supposed bv man v. a atircompany will be formed and suitableyiuunas win be purchased andBuildings will be elected especiallyadapted for the purpose. The company will purchase ahont twiniv.fiwnacres of ground. Buildings will beuiculcu wiui a ooaraing capacity ofnot less than two hundred. Twn nrmore sites are already undei consideration, rne new M. M. I. will beready for occupancy by September"2 921. The present school will serveas a connecting link between thepast and the future, during whichtime tha stock company will brformed, with sufficient capital behind to build the necessai-v buildin es lequirod, with all modern conveniences and equipments, includingwaterworks.ANEW MODEL foroiuir men, juist ashown. In gray, lijrlittan, blue, green, sealbiov.n and bronze withlight trimmings.We Prepay Parcel PostVenlioff&HiilenTHREE STORES228 W. Market434 W. Market4th and ChestnutLOUISVILLE, KY.fc3HmmmThe Modern Table DrinkA combinationof jgodciflavor, economy, efficiency'and health satisfactionInstantPOSTUM. Tins pure and wholesomebeverage contains none ofcoffees harmful ingredients.Especially valuable irifamilies with childrenSold by all GrocersMaJetyPostum Great Cojnc., Battle Greek,MickCfmt " " " 'Announcement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main StreetsPlease call at our store, andhear theAeolian Vocation RecordsONGraduola MachinesRecords received monthly, rive hundred toy select from.E. ML Wheeler FurnitureCo.Sole Agents for Paris and Bourbon County.Further Reductions!Final Clean-Up Sale!Corne tomorrow, Saturday, and you'll buy thegreatest shoe values of the year.Numerous odds and ends will be clearedout in this sale at almostONE-HALF PRICELADIES' 8.00 AND $9.00 GRADESREDUCED TOS4.95Fine Glazed Kid Pumps, Lace Oxfords,high and low English heels, tan and blackkid, now $4.95.LADIES' $7.00 AND $8.00 GRADESREDUCED TOS3. 95Buy a pair now! These are wonderfulvalues. Oxfovds and Pumps in glazed kidleathers, plain toes aid tips, now 3.95.LADIES' WHITE FOOTWEAR BARGAINSLadies' $2.50 and $3.00 English Lace Oxfordsand Pumps reduced toS1.99Ladies' 3".50 White Oxfords and Pumps,high and low heels, reduced to$2.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal English Shoes,$8.00 values, reduced to'$5.85A big lot -of Men's Shoes and Oxfords, allstyles, values to $8.00. reduced toS4.95IT PAYS TO BUY AT THIS STOREDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignflParis' Greatest Shoe Storet!MatiaMt4BhHni,-srV-'2.vS.--3