3-r?r- - rM.U -? V. --.- .- iK -f&PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY US' THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1920Tbhhhh Baair ' Haw b bSEM0L??0ULTI!ELE0N OFFICERS CHOSENREGISTER AND VOTEReports from a number ofStates tv here women have just secured the ballot indicate that the registration of women will not benearly as large as that of men. It isdoubtful if the total registration ofwomen in the States where they havepreviously voted has been equal tothat of men.There is a large body of womenwho have always been indifferentwhether they had the suffrage ornot. The privilege meant nothingto Miem. They would have no objection to passing the buck of government over to the (men, and lettingHiem take the bother of it.The franchise is not to be lookedat as a mere optional privilege. Themore ignorant classes of women,those who take their orders fronispecial interests and private organizations, will all be rallied to thepolls Don't think for a minutetiiar the colored woman will be absent from the polls.The lower classes of politicianswill make a specialty of rallyingParis women from the elementswhich they influence. Tiiey are skillful in personal appeals. They willappioach women voters cleverly, andwill appeal to class feeling prejudice. The vill approach a newlyenfranchised women with every appeance of candor and public spiritand desire to serve all good causes,when their real purposes may be ofthe iincst selfish, sorbid character.The vvoman who reads and thinksmust feel it their sacred duty to express their convictions through thepolitical process to which they arenow every where admitted. Theirclear thinking can expect thepiachinarions of selfish interests, ifthey will give the subject attentionand put time and effort into it.Every intelligent and thinking woman should be urged to register andcast her ballot, and join in the common effort to improve politicalmethods.-oBOURBON COUNTY FARM OF 322ACRES AT AUCTIONThe Jno. J. McClintock and Mrs.Lou Palmer farm will be sold atauction on October 8, at 10.30 p. mRead ad in another column.HARRIS, SPBAKES & KARRIS.or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(28-td)ATTENTION? BUILDERS!Iff you don't do it now ycutay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thetumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf).o-"One hundred million dollars' worthof salvage has already been takenfrom the European battlefields.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS-cEarly Fall ShowingofCoats4-V; Dresses;:V SkirtsFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaistsJust Received ;.'..FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSFOR NOVEMBER ELECTIONThe Board of Election Commissioners for Bourbon county held ameeting at the court house yesterday, and selected election officers toserve during the coming year. Thefollowing will serve in the ten votingprecincts in the city:Paris No. 1 John F. Davis,Judge, W. M. Goodloe Judge, T. H.Butler, Clerk, Winn Hutchcraft,Sheriff.Paris No. 2 John J. Williams.,Judge, C. O. Wilmoth. Judge, JohnMattox, Clerk, Carl Snapp, Sheriff.Paris No. 3 Fred Fister, Judge,J. W. Grinnell, Judge, Feale Collier, Clerk, W. W. Cherry, Sheriff.Paris No. 4 Ed. Tom Rule,Judge, John Cahal, Judge, H. S. Redmon, Clerk, Houston Rion, Sheriff.Paris No. 5 H. I. Brent, Judge,R. P. Dow, Judge, O. T. Hinton,Clerk, A. J. Rice, Sheriff.Paris No. 6 Wm. Smith, Judge,H. T. Ingr3in, Judge, Curtis Henry,Clerk, W. C. Bell, Sheriff.Paris No. 7 W. S. Haggard,Judge, W. W. Harrison, Judge, J. G.Denton, Clerk, James H. Shea,Sheriff.Paris Nc. 8 Ira Parks, Judge, C.P. Mann, Judge, Wm. Remington,Clerk, W. J. Kenton, Sheriff.Paris No. 9 Ray Harris, Judge,J. Case, Judge, Harvey Hibler, Clerk,P. N. Smart, Sheriff.Paiis No. 10 J. Will Thomas,Judge, J. D. Shy, Judge, M. F.Kenney, Clerk, Carl Williams,Sheriff. oPUBLIC SALE OF DESIRABLECITY PROPERTY.We -will seil at public outcry onThursday afternoon, September 30,at 2:30 o'clock, the house ad lotlocated on Main street, just oppositethe New Independent Tobacco""Warehouse. A very desirable home.Don't fail to attend this sale.MITCHELL, MORELAND &MITCHELL,Real Estate Agents.Col. W. E. Mitchell, Auctioneer.-o-BOURBON PRISONER PAROLEDAt a meeting of tne State Boardof Charities and Corrections inFrankfort, paroles were granted toUiirteen prisoners in the FrankfortReformatory. One of the numberwas Excev Boyd, colored, sent up inJuly, 1915, from Bourbon countyfor ten years for manslaughter.EXIDE,THE LONGTERY.LIFE BAT-Back of every Exide Battery is theexperience and resources of the oldest and largest manufacturers ofstorage batteries in the world. ForExide Service, call on theBOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, (It) Opp. Windsor Hotel.91. fc& CO;(STOLEN AUTO TURNS UP AT COLUMBUS.Following ttie trail of an Oldsmobile car stolen from in front of thenome of William M. McCann, of Mt.Airy avenue, some days ago, Chief ofPolice Link received a long distancetelephone message from the Chiefof Police at Columbus, Ohio, statingthe solen machine had been recovered there under tragic circumstances.Postal card descriptions of the carwere sent out to all the principelcities of the country, offering a reward of $50 for recovery of the cai,and $25 for arrest of the thief. Thelong distance message tc the ParisChief stated that a Columbus officer,recognized the car from the description and the license number as Ispassed slowly along the street. Heordered the driver to halt, and wasanswered by e shot from the machine, the bullet taking effect in theniticer s tK-dy. Death ensued almostinstantly. In attempting to effecthis escape the driver of the stolenmachine collided with a passingstreet car, wrecking tne "machino,and throwing the driver to thground. He was captured by a crowdof citizens who had witnessed theshooting and had pursued him, andwas taken to the police station. Atthe station he was put through agrilling course, during which hegave his name as Williams, and hisresidence as Carlisle. The car wascompletely depnolished. Williams isbeing held by the Columbus authorities on s? double charge of murderand stealing an automobile.Mr. McCann was asked to cometo Cclumbus for the purpose of identifying the car and furnishing suchother information as will aid the police in prosecuting Williams. Hewill leave this morning for Columbus. INTERESTING CENSUS FIGURESThe preliminary report of theFourteen tii Census, for Paris andBourbon county, as sent out a fewdays ago by the Census Bureau atWashington, shows some interestingfigures in the changes of populationduring the ten year period from1910 to 1920.According to the Census reportBourbon counay in the 1910 censushad a population of 17,462, and in3 920, it has 18,418, a gain of only956 in ten yearb. In 1910 the cityof Paris was given a population of5,859, and in 1920 it is 6,310, again of 451. Under the head of"Minor Civil Divisions" the reportgives the following figures: DistrictNo 2 Millersburg. including thetown of Millersburg, 1,908 in 1910.and 2,123 in-1920, a gain of 21.r,;District No. 3 Little Rock, 2,010in 1910. and 1,697 in 1920, a lossof 313: District No. 4 North Mid-dletown, including the town of NorthMiddletown. 2,058 in 1910, and 2,027 in 1920, a loss of 31; 'DistrictNo. 5 Clintonville, 1,407 -in 1910,and 1,387 -in 1920, a loss of 20,District No. 6 Hutchison, 1,191 in1910, and 1,167 in 1920, a loss of24; District No. 7 Centerville, 1,548 in 1910, and 1,763 in 1920, again of 215: District No. 8 Ruddels Mills, 1,481 in 1910, and 1,944in 1920. a gain' of 463.The report gives the 6,310 -populationof Paris in 1920 by Wardsas follow: Ward No. 1 2,166;No. 2 1,793; Waid No. 3 2,357.Bourbon county is ci edited withbeing the fifi wealthiest county inthe State, Jefferson, Fayette, Campbell and Kenton taking .precedencein the order named. The countyfor its population, has a laiger number of automobiles than any countyin this State.. oALL ABOARD FOR THE DEMOCRATIC SPEAKING.The Bourbon County Democraticorganization has perfected plants forattending the Democratic speakingat Lexington, Friday, with FranklinRoosevelt, Democratic' nominee forfor Vice-President, as the leadingfeature.A special car has been charteredto leave the Paris interurban station at 12:30 p..m. Friday. Thosoattending will be provided withribbon badges. The round-trip farefor the event has been placed at$1.05, good going on special caronly, but good on any ca returning Friday afternoon or night. Fortickets and further particulars seeMiss Grace Haskins, in CountyJudge's office at the court house.: oFINE HOGS FOR SALE.On September 30, the same day Isell my farm. I will offer for salesome fine young registered Big BonePoland China Hogs, viz:1 fine boar, 17 months old;1 fine boar pig, 10 weeks old;2 fine sow pigs, 10 weeks old:4 gilts, five months- old;8 sows and pigs.5 open sows.This is a fine bunch of hogs. Itwill pay yo'u to see them beforebuying.J. R. ELANKS,Route 6, Paris, Ky.BIRTHS.Altal, inthe Massie Memorial Hospithis city, Friday, to thewile ct James Archdeacon,their second child.- oOstrich feathers valued atson;$2,50G,-rjj 000-were -imported, into thet States in-ithe last-T.2 months,United,ARRANGEMENTS BEING PERFECTED EOR ORPHAN BRIGADE REUNIONArrangements for reception andentertainment of the surviving members of the famous Orphan Brigadt,which helped to make historv duringthe four years' strife between theSlates, have about been completed.The reunion will be held in this cityon Thursday, September 30, andFriday, October 1.Upon arrival in Paris, Wednesdayand Thursday the guests will betaken to the court house, wherethey will be registered. At noonThursday they will be guests of thecity and members of the Confederate Veterans and Daughters of theConfederacy organizations of Parisat a dinner to be given in the Masonic Temple. Invited guests willalso be present at the dinner. OnThursday night a reception will betendered the "Orphans," at the Masonic Temple, which the publicand all friends of the Orphan Brigade are extended a cordial invitationto attend.At nine o'clock on the morning ofFriday, October 1, the veterans andguests will be taken in automobilesto the Xalapa , Farm of EdwardSimms, where they will be guests forthe day of ?Ir. Benj. Buckner, manager of the Xalapa Farm, and MissLucy Simms, of Paris. There theywill be shown all the attractions ofthis show .place of Bourbon county.The itinerary on the farm will bemarked out by s'mall Confederateflags. An addfess will be deliveredto the veterans by Hon. B. M. Dickjson. of Faris, which will be followedby a luncheon. In the afternoon'Lieut. L. D. Young, of Paris, one ofthe two Bourbon county survivorsof the Orphan 3rigade, w;ll deliveran address. A feature of the dayxt Xalapa Farm will be serving ofburgoo, prepared under the personaldirection of Dudley, Lawrence, ofLexington, successor to the late GusJaubert.Among the distinguished visitorsexpected to attend the reunion areCol. and Mrs. W. B. Haldeman, Maj.John H. Leathers, Col. Henry L.Stone, and others from .Louisville,who will bring with them a militaryband of twenty-two pieces.Rudolph Davis is in charge of thedecorations for the reunion, and iscalling on the merchants a-nd residents of the city with Confederateand United States flags, -which willbe used in the decorative schemefor the event.-o--BLUE SERGE SUITS AT $50.00- -Thoroughly guaranteed for wearioiil' service in a variety of styles.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TWO TRACTS AT AUCTIONA GREAT FARM OF .322 ACRES INRead particulars ia advertisementin this issue of the J. J. McClintock and Lou Palmer sale of 322acre farm on the Peacock pike. Salestarts at 10:30 a. m., October ' 8th.Will be sold in two tracts on thepremises. SeeHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,or J, D. McCLINTOCK.(23-td)-oFARM BUREAU DISCUSSES MATTERS OF INTERESTPursuant to call the members ofthe Bourbon County Farm Bureaumet in the court house Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of discussing matters ol interest to the farmers of the county. President Walter Aleng presided. There was alarge attendance of representativeTanmers of the county,, attracted b7the tobacco situation, which waiconsidered at another meeting heldat the same place.The farmers took up the matterof -labor on their farms, and therato of payment therefor. Aftersome discussion it was agreed by ai.nanimous vote to pay thirty-fivecents a shock for cutting standingcorn, and forty cents a shock fordrilled and twisted corn. Thequestion of price for clover seed forJanuary delivery was broiight up byPresident Meng, who stated thatChristian comity- farmers had madean offer of $18 a bushel f. o. b. Paris,for first clover seed. -A list of thosawanting clover seed and the amounteach was willing to take wataken subject to further inquiryand notification to the piembers.Coi ton seed meal was also discussed,but no definite action taken. Thefarmers said they could not pay thepresent prices asked by corn cutters,as corn is now selling on a basis ofabout half the market price of ayear ago. .The county now has thelargest corn crop" in its history.pWEEKLY BANK CLEARINGSMerchants report a general improvement 'along all business lines inthe past week. The generally ismproved tone in business circles wasreflected in the report of rhe weekly bank clearings. Activities on thefarm, large sums paid out for cattlepurchases, and a resumption of activity in the building trades is responsible. The report follows:.First Ndlionpl ' $125,913.83Peoples -Deposit 283,277.23Farmero & Tracers. . .. 76,682.48Bourbon-Agricultural . . 263,261.72Totalv''. . :. $749,125.26Increase over previousweek.- $85,092.87The fact that a- sewer digger can'buy lilac perfume, to use as a mindeasing beverage is an eloquent com-mentary ;on the present wage scale. tCITY COUNCIL PBOCEEDINOSThe Ciy Council met in regularsemi-monthly session in the CityHall, Thursday night, with MayorE. B Januarv rn-esirfin'r. and ni:members in attendance, except Cousicilmen Burke and Spears.The committee appointed to investigate the condition of the StonerCreek bridge at the North end ofMain street reported that needed repairs had been made there by thecounty.Mayor January announced the reappointment of M. J. Lavin as member of the Board of Trustees of Massie Memorial Hospital, which wasconfirmed by a unanimous vote ofthe Council.The Fire Committee- reported that.the Paris Gas & Electric Co. wouldextend their mains on LylesviIIcand Williams street.A report was submitted fro-nProf. Terrell, of the State University, at Lexington, showing that theoil used in oiling the streets ofParis contained only twenty-five percent, of asphalt.The Council created the office ofan additional firepnan in the fire department, and selected FrankSpeakes to fill the position at a salary of $. 5. A new arc lamp was ordered installed at the intersection ofLink avenue and Winchester street.An ordei was entered iistructingrepairs to be made on pavement ir.front of ihe Ardery Drug Co.'s placeof business on Main street.The Council called up and adoptedby a unanimous vote, an ..ordinanceprohibiting the building o" a frameft able closer lhan seventy-five feetto any dwelling house. The actionwas precipitated by the applicationof Calvert Meng for a building permit for the erection of a combinedgarage and stable on his premises enMt. Airy aver.ue. The improvementComtmittee was unable to reach aconclusion in the matter when Councilman John J. Williams offered theordinance which was discussed andadopted.ONE OF BOURBON COUNTY'SBEST FARMS AT AUCTIONOn Thursday, September 30, at10:30 a. m., on the premises, theundersigned will sell at public auction one of the best farms in Bourbon county.The place belongs to J. R. Blanks& Co., and is located five miles fromParis, on the Cynthiana pike, and isone of the most fertile pieces of landIn the- county. It contains 150acres, 80 acres in old bluegrass sodand 70 acres plowed. No wasteland. T-wo-sj;ory frame house, tenant house and" all necessary outbuildings. For particulars, seeJ. R. BLANKS, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(24-2t)WE KNOW MOWREAL ECONOMYNlEMIEAL economy in clothesconsists not in spending the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full ofwear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENELECT DELEGATES TO BURIBTTOBACCO MEBrJNG.The tobacco growers of Bourlxm.county and a number of others Im-terested in the business in otherways attended a meeting helfr at thocourt house iv this city Saturday afternoon. Tire meeting, whick wmpresided over by J T. Collins; president of the Bourbon Tobacco Warshouse Co., was. called for the purposeof selecting delegates to attend tfcmeeting of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Association, to be held inLexington, on Thursday of thfatweek.. The action of the growerfollowed a meeting held a few mimutes before by members of the Bourbon County Farm Bureau. ,Mr. Collins, in the address opeaing the meeting, stated that the tobacco people-, through force of conditions, were placed in ths attitude ofstanding with their heads against a -stonewall, and that there was noother remedy than to hold the present crop and cut out the next one.Mr. Collins presented statisticsshowing a total of 75,000,000 poundsof tobacco inKentucKy, of whichBourbon county alone had produced15,000,000 pounds. He spoke of.thepresent condition of the crops, andadvised sending delegates to the Lexington meeting. After a rhort talkby Henry S. Caywooa, of the NortkMiddletown vicinity, and readingof a leUer from Senator J. W. Bailey, of Texas, and the by-laws ofthe Burley Association, the offtcersof the Bourbon County Farm Bureau AVere elected as delegates to attend the Lexington meeting.oTHE BIG SACESMonday, October 4, will be a bisday in Lexlrgton, and many people from all parts of the country nCanada will be there for the openingof Kentucky'. Great Trots. On thatday The Futurity ($7,000) promiseto be the greatest race or tne yearfor two-year-olds; for Rose Scott (2)2:06, Nelson Dillon 2:07U, Bogolusa 2:08, Favonian 2:09,. JaneVolo, Belvue, Martha T., Miss Rhine-.lander and others, all winners thisyear, will start.On the same day in the race forthe Walnut Cup ($3,000) PeterManning, Peter Coley. King Watts,Tootsie Toise the four "big winnsrson, the Grand Circuit will have togo up against Millie Irwin, PeterJune, E. Colorado, Bovola, Baroness Cochato, Walnut Frisco, allwinners; and probably Lucile Binfen, one of the fastest trotters inAmerica, that has been pointed ftfrthis rce only. (adr)Fire, Wind "and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoThe largest club of business andprofessional women in the South isis located at Birmingham, Ala.CLOTHESBLAKEMORE-.iWlVFlHr-v-is i- i i r t i i -:J-!--.-"-t-F AGE TWOTHK BOUKBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1920.- 'Jliihii FIHE BOURBON NEWStotelislied 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationMtfiihed Every Tuesday and Priday3fcr letr. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.JPRPT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.M&red at the Paris, Kentucky,Jwrtomce as Mail Matter of theattend Class.)MS POREIGN KJBPKESENTATIVES. 3hrs York American Press Asso-kKgo Lord & Thomas.;ttilelpMa N. W. Ayers & Son.Aiknta Massengale Adv. Agency.Crinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.ladsville Stark-Lowman Co.JkMj erroneous reflection upon thej&auccter, standing or reputation ofsags person, firm or corporation-jfr&eii may appear in the columns of3106 BOURBON NEWS will be gladlynreted if brought to attention ofIfea editor.IADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perte& for first time; 50 cents per inchyaefc subsequent insertion.Beading Notices, 10 cents per linewaJk issue; reading notices in blackjfcle, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candliftlss, obituaries and resolutions, andgtaSlsr matter, 10 cents per line.353cial rates for large advertiselaamte and yearly contracts.35&e right of publisher is reseivedfe- incline any advertisement or otherseatter lor publication.&aouncements for political office3vast invariably be accompanied byfee cash.KENTtJCKJANS FOR STATEOFFICES, JUDGE'S PLEABefore a court day crowd of men"and women, with a brass band tolend "pep," Judge Rogers M. Clayand Miss Mary Shrugham openedthe Democratic campaign at Georgetown. Judge Clay praised the League ofNations and declared -that the "Tiepublican, platform does not mentionthe courage of Americans whofought "over there," of even Gen.Pershing, one of their own party,for fear of giving Wilson credit forthe great vie lory.He assailed the "obligarchy inthe Senate which, because of personal hatred to Wilson and the approaching campaign, refused to ratify the. League, which, according tothe speaker, is a treaty among several nations.Addressing himself to the women,Judge Clay said: "Beware the immoral and venal do not rule ourState should you not vote. If theyget in contiol you might as-wellsell your farms as they will be nogood places on which to live.""Strange things a're happeningat Frankfort," the speaker declared,mentioning several offices whichhave been given to residents ofother States. "If they don't knowof home Republicans we Democrat?will give them a list," he added.o -THE RED CROSS AN INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONCHAIRMAN HAYS PREDICTSGREAT REPUBLICANVICTORYml- EL .BPifimDEMOCRATIC TICKETlc ' For PrMltat, -Hmm M. Cox, of Ohio.k. Tor Tie Frtsiitat,2wklin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.&ttr Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.People of America aie pone tothink of the Red Cross as a purelyNational organization. The American National Red Cross is one ofthe thirty-two societies which formthe League of Red Cross Societies,with administrative headquartersat Geneva, Switzerland.Early in 1917 the American RedCross developed to its utmoststrength throughout the country.The end of the war saw it facingveeds for relef at home. This samesituation confronted the otherthirty-one Red Cross Societiesthroughout the world Each nationthrough its Red Cross is endeavoring to better health conditions andlift the standards of living. To dothis the whole-souled support ofeach nation's people is required.The Czecho-Salvakian Red Cross,through a membership diive hasjust increased its numbers from 43,000 to over 200,000. The PolishRed Cross has had similar success.The American Red Cross is already preparing for its enrollmentof members in November for thefourth cenbecutive year. Red Crossmembership drives are doubtless thebest means of enabling a NationalRed Crofs Society to carry out itsvast and comprehensive peace-timeprogram.Building up a Red Cross meansstimulating vorld progress; it meansincreasing the efforts to diminishthe suffering of our day and tolighten the burdens of the world; itmeans another great step forwardtoward realizing the ideal of Florence Nightingale and Henry Dunanta goal worth striving for with allour efforts.Following a general ourvey of a'lthe States just completed by National Chairman Will H. Hays, theRepublican National Comjmittee- predicts that Senator Harding will receive 346 votes or a majority of 161in the electoral college, accordingtto a statement made public recently.Such a tiinmph Avould be equivalent to the Roosevelt landslide in1904.Approximately 185 electoral votes,ctiefly from States 'in the "SolidSouth," are conceded ir. the surveyto the Democratic ticket.Six Middle Western States foundin the Democratic column tour yearsago arc heralded as Republicanthis year. They follow with theirelectoral vote:Colorado, 6; Kansas, 10; Kentucky. 13; Missouri, 19.; Nebraska,8, and Ohio, 24No doubt seems to exist in themind of the Republican NationalCqmmittee as to Indiana, Illinois.Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin an.lMichigan. All, according to the survey, will cast their electoral votifor Harding and Coclidge. All tli.jWestern States which were for. Wilton in 1916 are listed as being safein the Republican column this year.California, whose elf-ctoral vot,went tc Wilson despite SenatorJohnson's election by a majority of200,000 four vears ago, will returnto the Republican fold with theSenator himself leading the fighs.for Harding, according to the survey. A majority of 150.000 is predicted there. Only a couple of thi:Western States with negligible elec-NORTH CAROLINA TOBACCORIVAL OF KENTUCKY.North Carolina is rapidiy becoming a rival of Kentucky in the production of tobacco. The estimatesof the United States Department ofAgriculture of the 1920 ciop, madethe first September, indicate ThacNorth Carolina vH1 tail very littleshort of Kentucky in its yield forthe current year.' The forecastalso indicates a decrease in the production in North Carolina.There is nothing in the forecast ofthe Department of Agriculture toshow that tho quality of the tobacco grown in Kentucky surpassesthat of any State which might aspire to be a rival in the quantity ofits output, bare figures as to thecondition of the crop and the probable production in pounds beinggiven. But it is known that Kentucky is not in danger of losing it.supremacy as, a tobacco growingState, even in view of the increasedsize of the North Carolina crop.According to the estimates of theDepartment of Agriculture, Kentucky's tobacco crop for this year i.expected to be 442,4 31.000 pounds,compared with 456.500.00C poundslast year. But North Carolina'sciop, which in 1919 was 310,240,000 pounds, is expected this year tcbe 424,525,000 pounds, only about18,000,000 pounds less than Kentucky's yield. Virginia ranks thirdamong the tobacco growing states,with an estimated production thisyear of 177,586,000 pounds, compared with 131,586,000 poundslast year.Feathers For Sale. LAST excursionA large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order, s Apply atthis office.Free CindersCall at Ice Factory for all thecinders you want free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.NATURAL BRIDGE, XI.A Message For. You.Are you troubled with fallinghair, itching scalp and daudruff?We have a message you you. Sendfor booklet. Don't -delay.EDWARD RAYMOND CO.,33 Broadway, Williamson, W. Va.and ReturnSunday, Oct. 3, 1920$2.20 ROUND TRIP $2.20Including War Taxtoral votes arc- given to GovernorCox.All of New England, as well asNew York, Pennsylvania, New Jeisey and Delaware, is listed as Republican in this Republican pictureof future success. The remainderof the. States, including, Marylandand West Viiginia, are cataloguedas doubtful.o :FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT DEMOCRATIC AMERICANNOTICETOCreditors and Debtors!All persons who have claimsagainst the estate of E. F. Clay,deceased, late of Bourbon County,are hereby notified to send in thesame to the undersigned, proven according to law; and those indebtedto the estate are requested to makeprompt payment of the same.BRUTUS J. CLAY,BUCKNBR CLAY,Executors-of the Estate' of E. F.Clay, Deceased.(7-3twks)Special train will leave Paris,9:55 a. m.A most delightful day's outing atrip up the Licking River Valley,through the beautiful Blue GrassSection. Grand mountain scenery.boating, fishing. See nature at itslovliets, the frost on the pumpkin,and the fodder in the shock. Returning special train will leaveNatural Bridge 4:45 p. m.For further information. m consultLocal Ticktf Agent.l28-2t) 'For SaleOne 1917 Model Ford Sedan.One 1918 Model Ford Sedan, Demountable Rims.One 1917 Ford Coupe.One 1919 Ford Touring Car, selfstarter; demountable rims; cordtires, and Duplex body a bargain.One 1919 Overland Touring Car,j fine shape, and several others.1 R. C. RUGGLES MOTOR CO.ANNOUNCEMENTS.1 -nFOR SHERIFF.2 hereby announce myself as aafcdidate for the Democratic nom-lon for Sheriff of BourDonity at the Primary Election injKi-t. 1S21. When electedSbtriff my Deputies will be "Bob"master and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL."3t. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectftfty solicits your -support and in-:e.Jfctvid E. Clark and W. Fred Link,tries.POLITICAL POT BOILINGFOR JAU-.ERUTe- are authorized to announceJOBN MAHAR, of the Millersburgjpeufnrt. (fajmiliarly known as JohnJPester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBMMrbon county, subject to the ac-f the Democratic voter's of t-neity. Mr. Mahar respectfullyicJts the support of the votersi Ms candidacy.JBd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can-te for Jailer of Bourbon coun-f subject to the action of the Dem-itic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Prettact No. 2, as a candidate for Taxgtmissioner of Bourbon County.-lk VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofjHHersburg, as Deputy, subject totfce action of the Democratic .voterss C Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOBN J. REDMON, of the NorthJKddletown precenict, as a candifete for Tax Commissioner of Bour-)m county, with THOMAS TAUL,f Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.jtorDEPUTY TAX COMMISSION BR.Ben Woodford, Jr., will make thojace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissioner3a Bourbon County, subject to theaetion of the Demoefatic party.Closely Related.Jtfcb was born the same day as hissin, Helen. Both children startedto public school at the same time and-tat teacher was a family friend of- SqjhMr's, but .did not know Rob. On. atfckis Helen If Roh wore her cousin,Aft replied: "Yes. ma'am; Rob and Iae twins;" . .Politics in Bourbon county is beginning to warm up, with both parties organized, and a poll of the cityand county is being taken. Demociats claim the county will give Gov.Cox an increased majority over1919, when Gov. Black carried it by442 votes over present GovernorMorrow.They believe it will give a majority of not less than 500, and maypass the 600 mark. It 'is believedthe county will poll a total vote ofmore than 9,000. To meet the situation, the County Court, Judge Battertoir setting, with RepublicanCounty Chairman-W. A. Thomasonand Democratic County ChairmanW. D. Mclnlyre as an advisorycommittee, have increased the number of voting precinctf from 29 tentativelv agreed upon, to a total of31. The changes gives to theeight magisterial districts the following precincts: Paris, 10; Millersburg, 4; Little Rock, 3; NorthMiddletown, 3; Clintonvilie, 3;Hutchison, 2; Centerville, 3, andRuddles Mills.Both parties are prescutmg anpnr.npst camnaijm. paying especialattention to the women vote, whichMill hP nn important factor , in tnecoming election. No speaking dateshave been as yet assignee ior mecountv, and the cajmpaign is reallyin its infancy, or the preliminaryrtages.-oTHE WONDERFUL CORN CROPWith the biggest corn crop onrecord now practically assured,-theUnited States can not be otherwisethan prosperous. Many conditionsmay be unfavorable, but withabundant food and some lo sell toEurdpe, there is bound to be goodbusiness.The experiences of the war taughtpeople to use corn more than foimerly. Where wheat and oats werealmost exclusively ised as cereal"breakfast foods," now you seemany popular brands of corn products in every grocery, and they almost exceed in common use thosederived from the wheatNot merely should this abundantharvest bring down prices of allthese foods, but it shouid reducethe cost of feeding swine, cattle andpoultry, and thus make possible verreasonable prices for meat.Owing to the innate modesty ofFranklin D. Roosevelt, Democraticnominee for Vice-President, whowill speak at Lexington, October 1.he has never heralded his deeds andpersonality in the press. Therefore,any incident is welcome to newspaper readers which throws light or"what manner of man" he is.The following incident is relatedby an eye witness, a sailor who served in Uncle Sam's Navy during theGreat War:."Our troop-ship, former pride ofthe German merchant marine wa:at the port of Brest, France, aftera successful crossing with FranklinRoosevelt, Assistant Secretary of theNavy, on board. An Admiral's trimlaunch was just leaving the side ofthe huge transport with Mr. Roosevelt and a half dozen distinguishedand heavily gold braided U. S. andallied naval officers."At this port the harbor is generally rough, and that day therewas a high wind and cold rain. Onthe stern of the little boat stood alone sailor, ready to insist the landing. He was certainly 'catching it,and soon hie flimsy, white uniformwas soaked by the splash of thewaves and the chilling rain. Meanwhile, the high officers and Mr.Roosevelt were easily chatting inthe comfortable quarters of the mahogany, silk-curtnincd cabin. Happening to glance backwards, Mr.Roosevelt saw. the .plight of thesailor. -"Immediately, the Assistant Secletary of the Navy beckoned to thesailor to enter the shelter of theluxurious cabin. Complying gladlythe sailor took his place on thecushions among that august assemblage of high-ranking American andforeign naval officers."Someone has said that "character is what a man is in ine dark.'"This might be changed to read, "democracy is what a man is when nobody is looking." In this case, itwas the merest chance tha a sailoron the cransport happened .to witness this incident wh'ch staimps Mr.Roosevelt as a good Democrat, but abetter American.oAn OrdinancePROHIBITING THE BUILDING OFANY STABLE, CLOSER THAN75 FEET TO ANY RESIDENCEWITHIN THE CITY OF PARIS,KENTUCKY, AND PROVIDING,A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF.1. BE IT ORDAINED by theBoard of Council of the City ofParis, Kentucky, that it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to build or place any building to be used for a stable in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, closer than 75feet to the residence of any otherperson and each day such stable ispermitted to remain shall be a separate offence.2. Any person, firm or corporationviolating the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction, shallbe fined in any sum not less than$1.00, nor more than $100.00 foreach offense.3. This Ordinance shall be in fullforce from and after its passage andpublication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Attested Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN.Ford CarsGO DOWN IN PRICEClerk WantedWe want at once an experiencedgrocery clerk. Call in person.THE PARAKEET MINERAL WATER & GROCERY CO.,Cor. Tenth and Main Streets,17-tf) Paris, Ky.Lumber For SaleWe have about 4,000 feet, moreor less, of lumber for sale, wreckagefrom lumber shed, consisting ofdimension lumber, boxing, sheating,etc. Will sell the lot for $80.00.JAS. M. TEMPLIN,At Mrs. Templin's Paint Store.(10-tf)Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want' taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.. THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.ROURBON FARMING CONDITIONSEFFECTIVE NOW PRICES F. O. B.DETROIT ARE :Touring Car, Self Starter $510.00Runabout Car, Self Starter $460.00Coupe Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $745.00Sedan Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $795.10Truck, Pneumatic Tires $545.00Tractor . I $790,00WAR TAX AND FREIGHT ARE TO BEADDED TO THE ABOVEPlace Your Order Now WhileDeliveries are PossibleRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYWiiiiiiHiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimmiimWilliam K. Hagan ybNAr.chitect S- Engineer.-FIR..X-T NATIONAL DANKPAE.17". Ky.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimA man's gel ting oldiwhen it hint;n im to tie his slioe'laces.With the return to warm, sunshiny days, the farmers of the coun-iy have taken a fresh grip on farmjiffairs, and are mak:ng every, hourcount 'in work. The tobacco men,especially, welcome the change inweather, and fiom despondencyhave taken -lenewed -hope for thefuture o! their crops. The cornand fob.icco crops are now "made"and it would take quick-workingdisastei to destroy them.Tobacco cutting is tlie principalwr.rk on the farms, all hands beingturned fiom other mirkuits. in order to get the weed cut and storedin the barns before advent of. kill -in?frosts. Some fai(mers tell ustfiat their' whole output Jias beengreats damaged by rust and wildfire, while many others ray the damage to their crops" has been verysmall. Probably seventy-five -percut. of the crop is now safelyhoused, with the work of hanginggoing forward rapidly.. 'Housebumhes been heard of in a number qiplaces. The warm air is workingwonders mdiying and caring thetobacco.Late corn, is destined to make abumper yield this fall, having comeout wonderfully. It has begun cur--ingup slightly, and unless there isa return to unseasonable weatherconditions, will be well out of the.reach of frost. -r .. - -TWELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.-HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cunb. Phone 73.,(may 4-3 mo) 'laaaiHBaaaaaBaMI .INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For ' x. Paris PorParis LexinetonA. M. 6.00x ' A. M. -6:45A. 1V1. 7:20A. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. TK. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50, - . A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:2a P. M. 12:45 ,P. M. 2:50 - P. M. 2:15?. M. 4:20 ; P. M. 3:45P.'M. 6:00 . ,,2. M. 5:15P. M. 7:2Q - P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15Mi 11:00 ' P. M. 10:05P. M..W,:55- (x) Daily, except Suhda:. .KENTUCKY TRACTION i&D ERMINAL COJEPANY -OU R observanceof all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meets'with the approval efmankind.mf- imF5rv , - "1-4tSlV V. s!'v. .- r' .S1&:?&&.5.V7 - --r;.k:--PZ&A1V"fl-? - .-TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2-8, 1920.THE BOUttBONNEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGITHJOMTO THE DEMOCRATS OP PARIS AND BOURBONThe Democratic National Committee has authorized THE EOURBONNEWS to receive contributions to the Cox-Roosevelt Popular Camoaign.Fdnd. The Committee depends upon the .masses of Cox-Roosevelt" supporters to finance the campaign of Peace, Progress, Prosperity. Sendyour contribution TO DAY. It will be acknowledged in this rewspaperand will be forwarded immediately to National Headquarters, wherefunds are sorely needed for combating the millions available to the opposition. Do you believe in the people, instead of a selfish few runningand financing Poliucal Campaigns? Then contribute, and as liberally asyou can and CONTRIBUTE NOW. A contribution that will help thoDemocratic National Committee inform others as you are infoimed maydouble or treble your influence on the iFsue.s of the campaign. Send contribution to this office TO-DAY.COXROOSEVELTPopular Campaign Pund Voluntary Subscription CouponBelieving in the ideals of Government, Peace, Progress, Prosperity,represented by James M. Cox and Franklin D. Roosevelt and desiring tohelp present those ideals to all the millions of voters and believing thatcampaign funds should be' provided by the body of the people, insteadof by a romps ratively few and largely selfish individuals looking fospecial favors. I herewith voluntariy subscribe the sum of $to the Cox Roosevelt Campaign Fund.Name ,R. F. D. or Street,p. 0THE BIG RACESMonday, October 4, will be a bigday in Lexington and people fromall parts of the country and Canadawill be there for the opening onIventucky-'s great trots. On that daythe Futurity (7,000) promises to bethe greatest race of the year for 2-vear-olds;for Rose Scott (2)2:06V, Nelson Dillon 2:07, Bcgalusa 2:08, Favonian 2:09, JaneVolo, Bslvue, Martha T., MissRhinelander and others, all winnersthis year, will start.On the same day in the race forthe -Walnut Hall Cup ($3,000)Manning. Peter Coley, King Watts,Tootsie Toise the four big winnerson the Grand Circuit will have togo up against Millie Irwin, PeterJune, E. Colorado, Bovola, BaronessCochato, Walnut Frisco, all winners;and probably Lucile Bingen, one ofthe fastest trotters in America, thathas been pointer for this race only.oThe Fourth Dimension.The fourth dimension is merely amathematical speculation. It is assumed to be the property of matterthat should be to solids as solids areto planes. Mathematical investigations are made on the assumption ofan indefinite number of dimensions."ST ;fW.Alsr3i v3 f."t. m S-. - rs h'tka w cf-ja.'V5 ilSJ .S3cuxij.tlis'?'&KvLney, liver, biaader ?nd uric acidtroisbies are mest dangerous bscaue i their insidious attacks.ieed ne first warning ihey giveihsy iissa attention by takingteAi. r:I.".i l..?Jz3L rr-;ily for tbesar .f, , -.v:il often ?.- d off thcz? dis-cw-u-:5-.i flrerlh-a the brJy aginsiin l r vis z-l. Tr ?ircs, al druggists.JUtrr fcr tLa st-i-e Gia RIeds.1 on every boxSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FTTTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesIarkible Bifocal LmSMUnrMtCwmer 4tk amd ChwtMt'SU.LOUISVILLE. KY.I"I"I"f"I"li4"Iiiiji"M"I"I"I"l"I"i"l"H""""'ELLIS' CASHGROCERYSpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose of a lot ofthese goods.Pickling Vinegarand Spicesat bargains this -week.a. tI Ellis' Cash GroceryOpposite Court moiwiOI1V&3!'M IState,THE JEALOUS DISPOSITIONMost virtues carry with them certain defects. Perhaps we maythink more kindly and also morejustly of jealous people if we consider that jealousy is the baservery ardently or love very much.Jealousy in which there it no malice is not a bad trait of character.It stimulates endeavor. It impliesrespect for a lival. It makes a manwatchful and eager in the pursuitof an .object. But when jealousygives rise to resentment and hostility, it .means that the person whoentertains it has grown self-centei-ed.andthat his ambition or his affection is fading. The authentic firebums out; an inflammation remains. In less figurative language,the power to create or achieve orattain is gone for a time at leastand the power to injuie or fo destroyis asserting itself.The person who finds hat jealousy is beginning to play an activepart in his thoughts should putinto force at once repressive measures. He should think lets abouthimself and his importance, or hi-3unimnortance. his hopes and his disappointments, his wounded sensibilities and his lacerated aiiectionbRevenge may be sweet, but it coiupsto few, and the thought of it is embittering.. As a pursuit it is unprofitable, and even when it has beenachieved it is likely to leave youwith a 'eelins of emptiness.Jealou?y, properly controlled, issometijmes a useful accelerator, butit docs not furnish motive power."FREEZ0NE"lift Off Corns! No Pain!KyDoesn't nuit a bit! Drop a little"Freezone" on an aching corn, inFtantly that corn stops h,urting,then shortly you lift it riglrt offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few centd,oifiipipiit in rpmnve cverv hard corn.I soft corn, or corn between the toes,and the calluses, without sorenessor irritation.(adv-T-tf)SENTIMENTAL WASTEAbout every so often some departing soul leaves a bequest forcare of a pet cat, which would feedand clothe and educate a child.Another person gives a birthdayparty for a pet dog. And themoney spent in entertaining Fidoand his friends would buy a-thousandbooks for a much neededlibrary.The other day, in New Jersey, apet canary,, was given a funeralwhich rost $400. and police re-X 5 serves liaa to oe cauea out lu wu.T trol the curious tnousanus wuuflocked to see the funeral cortege,headed by a hand of twelve pieces.2. 1 Howmany children m Newarkwent to bed hungry that night?Nobody wishes to decry the affection of any owner for a pet animal.It Is only hujmane for the personwho must give over the care of hispet to make provision either for itsdecent comfort or its merciful extinction. But in a world of direburcan ne.ed, the spending of largesums of money to provide an animalwith luxuries or attentions whichit neither needs nor 6an appreciatefalls little short of crime. "It is atype of ruthless and brainless extravagance which an advanced civilization should m find some meana ofx "bifYmSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Teddy Mackey, former Parisian,was a recent guest of friends andrelatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandand habe, of Paris, were recentguests of Mrs, Rosa Pepper, in Cynthiana. Misses May Shannon and NoraBurke are enjoying a ten-days' vacatrip to New York, Philadelphia,Washiniito-n, D. C. ana AtlanticCily.Mrs. M. F. Thornton and MissesFpima and Annie Rhorer have returned to their home in Lexington,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. W. H.Rhorer, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Merrkt Shobe andson, Merritt Shobe, Jr., of Salem,New Jersey, are guests of Mrs.Shobe's mother, Mrs. Hannah Butler, and family, on Vine street.Miss Ida Desha, who has beenspending the summer in Paris withher sistrr, Mrs. A. T. Forsyth, hasgone io Harrodsburg 10 reside duringthe winter with Mrs Charles J.Petree.Mrs Lucy Black has returnedto her home in Greencastle, Ind., after a visit to her sister, Mrs. HelenForsyth, on Mt. Airy avenue.Dr. and Mrs. Elbridge Snappf.nd babe have returned from a visitto Mrs. Srapp's parents, Mr. andMrs. W. C. Hanna, near Cynthiana.Miss Edna Woodard has returned to her home in Jacksonville, Fla.,after a five-weeks' visit to hercousin, Mrs. F. F. -McClanahan. Shewas accompanied heme by RogerMcClanahan, who will be her guetfor some time.Miss Nell Whaley has returnedto Atlanta, Georgia, after a month'svisit to relatives in this city. FromAtlanta, Miss Whaley will go toEmsden, North Carolina, where shewill resume her work in the educational division of the- Red Cross,Southern Division.Miss Mattie Miller Clayton,daughter of Mr. and Mrs GeorgeClayton, of the North Middletovnvicinty, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city,where .die underwent a successfuloperation Friday for removal of 'tonsils and adenoids.During the Lexington race5last week Mr and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, of Paris, entertained asguest Mrs. D. S. Moore and Mr. andMrs. Henry Coleman, of Harrodsburg. The party occupied a box"during the races. Mrs. Mooie is oneof the most attractive women ofMercer county, and is Chairman ofthe Democratic Women's CampaignCommittee of Mercer. Mrs. -Coleman's her daughter.Mrs. J. L. Bosley, wife of Prot.J. L. Bosley, formerly of Paris, is aguest at the home of Mis. SitheyBurgin, near Paris. Mrs. Bosley recently returned from the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington,.ir11Q oV. ,,nJQ,.rf o c,.;olration. Mrs. Bosley will spend ten iwhat he has achieved along progreadays with Mrs. Burgin, while con- sivc lines for public welfare. Hisvaloscimr. Prof. Bosley is row prin- eyes are to the front, fixed on thecinal of the. Winchester Public fnturp TTp is not wabbling. AndSchool.Mri AnnabeHe Wallace entertained at her home on Twelfth streetwith luncheon bridge last week. Anflnhnm.tfi Innolipan was sprvnr? nftorwhich the guests enjoyed the gajmes.Mrs. John Yerkes was awarded theguest prize, a handsome hand-embroideredtowel. Mrs. Clay Shropshire was awarded a similai prizefor the highest score. The secondprize, a hand-made, handkerchief,was awarded to Mrs. Henry May.The guests for the occasion were:Mesdames Clay Shropshire, HenryMay, Thompson Tarr, William Shiie,J. O. Marshall, J. A. Bower, CharlesMay, Lucien Buck, John Yerkes, W.W. Prewitt, Will G. McClintock,Myrtle S-nell, Miss Clara Bacon? Elizabeth Yerkes and Edith Champe.(Other Personals on Page 5)0KENTUCKY CONFERENCE EORSOCIAL WORKThe Kentucky Conference ofSocial Work, which will be held inDanville, October 29 to November 1,will include addresses by many ofthe best known men and women inthe State and a number from otherStates throughout the country.Among those who will help tocomplete the program are MissMary E. Swinney, of the Universityof Kentucky, who will talk upon thesubject of the (making of budgetsfor the families With whom thesocial agencies deal; Homer Wickenden, Superintendent of the Associated Charities at Louisville, who willoutline methods and treatment forthe handling of such families; Elwood Street, Director of the WelfareLeague, in Louisville, whe will tellof the ways of getting publicitylpon social topics; T. L. Taylor, Superintendent of the FeeblemindedInstitute at Frankfort, who will tellof the work that is being donethere: Walter A. Jilleon, of the Insane Asylum at Anchorage, whosesubject will be, "The Insane;" Dr.Anna Veech, who will tell of herexperience in the examining of theschool child, and Edward N. Clopper, of the' National Child LaborBureau, of New. York.The recreation program of theConference is being worked up inthe form of a "play, institute," whichwill appeal to those particularly whowork with country or mountainchildren.The sreneral ses3ion on public in-btitutionr- includes such pnen as Governor Edwin P. Morrow, Judge &.W. Hines and Joseph Byers, of theState Board of Chirties.The sessions of the Conferencewill be those dealing with The Family, Recreation, Public Institutions,Ruraf Development, Child Welfareand Race Relations. There will alsohe a number of luncheons, duringthe conference of those interested inlike phases of social work.o :The one government departpnentthat can make no report as to how itepende its appropriations, is the secret service.ILLINOIS DELEGATE. SAYS CAK-HOT SUPPORT HARDINGHarold Ickes, one of the organizers of t-he Progressrv e party inIllinois, who was -an Illinois dele-gate-at-largeto convention whichnominated Senator Haiding forPresident and voted against nakingthe nomination unanimous, announced that he could not supportHarding."Holding, as I do, that my dutiesand obligations as a citizen are paramount to ,my duties and- obligations as a party man, I haveconcluded tc . support the Democratic national ticket in this campaign," said Mr. Ickes, in a signedstatement. "Io shall continue toaffiliate with the Republican party,but I cannot in good conscience support for President a candidate whowas not the leal choice of his party,and whom I regard as unworthy andunlit to be the Chief Executive ofthis 'nation by the tests of ability,public policies, official record andindependence of character.''Mr. Ickes declared and the primaries showed that the Republicanparty did. not want Harding as itscandidate, and that his nominationwas a distinct- shock to the progressive thought of the country.""Senator Harding had an opportunity to repair the bad impressionthat his nomination created and hi0,play-acting in the McKinley rolekept alhe by a clear-cut and lingingspeech of acceptance that wouldhave lined him up squarely as a forward-looking,progressively .mindedman," Mr. Jokes continued. Butonce more he failed signally. Hisspeech shows that he Li not evensatisfied to stand pat. He proqlaim?himself a reactionary. Ho would turnback the hands of the clock and sat- .isfy the appirations of men's soulsby talking of a full stomach. Nomore uninspired and uninspiringutterance from a public man is ofrecord in American political history. "What Senator Harding believesin is not party government, butboss control. He has the MarkHanna. conception of party. Helooks upon the Republican Senatecabal as the Republican hosts anddeceives himself that when Senators'Smoot and Watson and Lodge, Murray Crane, Ja'mes Hemingway, andColonel Harvey met privately in aroom in the Blackstone Hotel at '2o'clock in the morning to decide andto determine his policies, the Republican paity was assqmbled together for solemn deliberation."Governor Cox's record is a distinctively progressive tecord," saidMr. Ickes. "That record proves thathe looks upon public office as anopportunity for public service. HelS,SLU,IlUmS 111 LlllO WUl.pu.tji "1-"he is running as James-M. Cox; heis not masquerading as a secondedition of Grover Cleveland or a substitute Andrew jacuaon. ievYork Times.SAY "DIAMOND DYES'Don'tN streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on '"Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package.t... ....'-"GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENMake Lemon Lotion to DoubleBeauty of Your SkinI......(".t"--"" "'Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemoDbleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto n hnttle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make thifc up and try it.(adv-tf-T)oSHEINES OF GOVERNMENT"The shrines of government arethe communities of the land." Inthis one sentence, fresh from his.heart and bra'n, Governor cox snow&more real Ameripanism, more sympathy with the visions and ideals ofour country, than can be found inall the deliberate utterances andcalculated phrases Senator Hardingever wrote or spoke." It is in the communities of theland the small country communities as well as in the great (metropolitan cities that the shrines ofgovernment, the altars of patriotism, the councils of Americanism,are found.It is not in great organizations,not in theatrical leagues or politicalclubs that the foundations of ournation are laid. It, is in the quethomes, on farms, in the villages andtowns, as well as in cities, that thebroad and deep basis of the fabric ofour nation is laid.oMost sermons are not aa broad asthey are long -;afWXBXBXaKSXEXXSKXS3ill " ' II 1ii 1 ii i-4 Aii r-i x i i m'" mm -am m m mm -mm k m m mi ' 1 :mi- i'.IIWhen You Select aFront Lace Corset BeSure It Y affiedfernThen you you will be sure thatit will fit and be comfortableand give your figure beautifulslender lines. For a RedfernFront-Lace Corset is so designedthat ihe lines of the back aresmooth and flat, and the waistline is roomy- and comfortable,giving tnat fashionable low-bustappearance, which is so youth- -fuland becoming.Let Us FitiftectfernFrontWolf, Wile &Lexington, KentuckyX!And Now we are Making Contracts ForFallPaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait-MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!'Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.BsiKANEHome Phone 339IMnMMhzi--K?mzfS3MS33sSsSMnSMSMsMsnWANDER BACKAlongj the Trail of YesterdayAwaken gwect RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down- the traiiof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W.MAIN STREET.m 4You in a jLacey.x;mumiSBROS.PARIS, KENTUCKYrggg'SS'-iSaiS;tl"S!iSPICEROPT. COURT HOtfelSM' r-3jidBUII II 1 1 II II II II 1 1 IH 1 1 1 UPreventlag.t- -U - XT"--v", "Vt PACT FOUHIE BOURBON NEWS; EAMSr KENTUCKY.- TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 28TT0...-'iri Z.3 ,W-Election Notice !BOURBON COUNTY COURT.Boundary lines and voting placesof all pricencts in Paris, BourbonCounty.Fursuant to Statute, notice ishereby given, tliat an order entered on the records of the BourbouCounty Court, prescribed and setforth, the following descriptions andboundaries, of all precincts inBourbon county, and the followingplaces, where at, the voters pnay assemble and vote:PRECINCT NO. 1.Begins at the intersection of thyNorth Middletown and Paris turrpike and the Millersburg andParis turnpike; thence with themiddle of East Main streetto Fifth street, in Paris; thence.vitli the middle of Fifth street toPleasant street, thence with the middle of Pleasant street to Duncan avenue, the-nce with the middle ofDuncan avenue to Vine street, thencewith, the middle of Yine street toScott avenue, thence with the middle of Scott avenue, to the outer edgeof the city limits; tfience with theedge of the city limits back to the.point of beginning. Voting place,in rear of J. S. Wilson's building,on Pleasant street.PRECINCT NO. 2Beginning at the city limits inthe middle of Scott avenue, thencewith the middle of Scott avenue, tothe middle of Vine street, thencwith the middle of Vine stree to themiddle of Duncan avenue, thencewith the middle of Duncan avenueto the " middle of Fifth street,thence with the middle of Fifthstreet to the middle of Main street,A-hen with the middle of Main streetto Tenth street, thence with the middle of Tenth street to AY inchest eistreet, thence with he middle ofWinchester street to the outer edgoof the city limits; tlience with theedge of city limits, back to the pointof beginning. Voting place, W. G-.McClintcck's garage on Pleasantstreet, between Ninth and Tenthstreets.PRECINCT NO. 3.Beginning at the edge of the citylimits in the middle of Winchesterstreet, thence with the middle ofWinchester street, to the middle ofTenth street, thence with the middleof Tenth street to the middle ofMain street, thence with the middleof Main street to the Clintonvillepike, the edge of the city limits;t -hence v. ith the outer edge of thecity limits baok to the point of beginning. Voting place, Rev. W. E.Ellis' garage, corner Tenth andPleasant streets.In Ward No. 2 we have createdthree precincts out of the original! two.PRECINCT NO. 4Beginning in the middle of Alainj street, at the intersection of theBourbon County FarmAt Austion on the premises on the Peacock Pike, one mile from Paris,Ky., onFriday, Oct. 8, at 10:30In order to sett'e the estate, we will sell on the above date for Mrs.John J. McC'intock and Mrs. Lou Palmer their splendid farm of 322acres, divided into two tracts and then as a whole, as follows:TRACT NO. 1 Consisting of 214 acres and improvements; fiveroom cottage, two stock bains, 10-aere tobacco bain and other necessaryout-buildings This tract of land contains 140 acres in old blue grasssod, fifty acres of which is virgin soil, 35 acres in cultivation and 45acres sown to clover and blue grass. This farm is well wateied withsprings ana pools and has an abundance of locust timber to keep thsfarm under fencing for a generation- to come. This is a rare opportunity to get a farm that has lain in ras3 for many ye?rs; cattle andother live stock have grazed and been fed upon it until it is rich invirgin soil fertility and will be a great money maker for the buyer.TRACT NO 2 Contains 108 acies of unimproved land. It is nearlyall rich bottom land lying on the waters of Stoner Creek and is nowready for the plow for the cultivation of any crop desired. It is all ingrass and rich in fertility and will grow anything from tobacco or;down. It can't be beat. These two tracts of land comprising the 'wholeare the cream of Bourbon's best and most productive soil. A study ofthis farm will demonstrate and prove all we hav1 said.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.Harris,pe,imsReal Estate Dealers. Paris, Ky., or J. D. McClintock,We take pleasare in showing the farm to prospective buyers.Offices Fanners and Traders Bank Building.Cumberland Phone 450 Home Phone 394Col Georoge D. Speakes. Auctioneer L. D. Harris, Business: ManagerMCBwtfagsgT!gW3tar'.c-cvA.ia?a5zaaaeraagiNorth Middletown ' turnpike, thencewith the middle of Main street tothe pniddle of Second street, thencewith the middle of Second street tothe middle of High street, thencewith the middle of High street to apoint opposite the middle .of theParis Fire Department, thence withthe line at right angles to Highstreet in a northerly direction to apoint on Houston Creek, thence withihe meanderings of Houston Creek tothe outer edge of the ci.y limits;thence with the outer edge of citylimits back to the point of 'beginning. Voting place, Paris Fire Department. PRFCINCT NO. 5Beginning at a point in the middle of Main street at the intersectionof Second street, thence with thamiddle of Second street to Highstreet, thence with the middle ofHigh street to a point opposite thejmiddle of the Paris Fire Department, thence with a straight line atright angles to High street, throughthe middle of the Paris Fire Department to a point on Houston Creek,thence up Houston Creek to the present line between Ward No. 2 andWard No. 3, thence with this lineacross Seventh street to a point onEighth street, opposite Sycamore,thence with the middle of Sycamorestreet to Twelfth street, thence alongthe middle or Twelfth street- to thumiddle of Main street; thence downthe middle of Main .street to thepoint of beginning. Voting place,basement of Court House.PRECINCT NO. 6Beginning at a point in the middle of Main street-at the intersection of Twelfth street, thence withthe middle of Twelfth street to Hiehstreet, thence with ihe (middle ofHigh street to Fifteenth street,thence with the middle of Fifteenthstreet to Cypress street; thence withthe middle of Cypress street to theouter edge of the city limits, thencewith the outer edge of the city limits to the middle of Main street, inSouth Paris; thence Avith the middle of Main street to the point of beginning. Voting place, corner ofFourteenth and High streets.PRECINCT NO 7Beginning at a point in the middle of Cypress street, at outer edgeof the city limits, thence down themiddle of Cypress street to Fifteenthstieet. thence with the middle of Fifteenth street to High street, thencowith the middle of High street toTwelfth street, thence with the middle of Twelfth stieet to Sycamore,itqA, thence with the middle ofSycamore street to the line betweenihe Bourbon College property andthe Adair property, thence withtheir line to Houston Creek: thence;up Houston Creek, Hie "outer edge ofj the city limits, to the point of beginning, vohng place, C. P. Cook'sgarage, on Cypress street, nearTwelfth.i PRECINCT NO. 8Beginning at a point on HoustonCreek, the boundary line betweenthe Bourbon College j?ropei;ty andthe Adair property, thence withthis line to the middle of Sycamore,thence with the middle of Sycamoreto the middle of Short street, thencewith the middle of Short street tthe middle of Walker avenue, thencewith the middle of Walker avenueto the middle of Eighth street,thence with the pniddle of Eighthstreet to the middle of Williamsstreet, thence with, the middle ofWilliams street to the middle ofThomas avenue, thence with themiddle of Thomas avenue . to theouter edge of the city limits onHouston Creek, thence up HoustonCreek to the poirt of beginning.Voting place, C. P. Mann's garage,corner Short and Walker's avenue.'PRECINCT NO. 9Beginning at a po'nt oi-. HoustonCreek at the end of Thcmas avenue,thence with the middle of Thomas'avenue, to the jmiddle of Williamsstreet, whence with the middle ofWilliams street to the middle ofEighth street, thence with the middle of Eighth street to the middle ofHenderson stieet, thence with themiddle of Henderson street, to themiddle of Seventh streel, thencewil-h. the middle of Seventh Streetto the middle of Higgins avenue,thence with the middle of Higginsavenue to the middle of LillestonLane, thence with the middle ofLilleston Lane to the (middle of Lilleston avenue thence with the middle of Lilleston avenue, to apoint on Houston Creek'; thence upHouston Creek to the point of beginning. Voting place, store room ofPete Cain, on Seventh street, between Higgin'J avenue and Williamsstreet.I' PRECINCT NO. 10IBeginning at a point on HoustonCreek at the end of Lilleston avenue,thence with the middle of Lilleston'avenue to the middle of LillestonLane, thence with the middle of Lilleston Lane to the middle of Higginsavenue, thence with the middle ofHiggins avenue to the middle of Seventh street, thence with the middleof Seventh street to the middle ofHenderson street, thence with themiddle of Henderson street to thejmiddle of Eighth street, thence withi The middle of Eighth street to thomiddle of Walker avenue, thencewith the middle of .Walker avenue tothe middle of Short street, thencewith the middle of Short street tothe middle of Sycamore street, thencewith the middle of Sycamore streetto the middle of Eighth; street,thence across Eighth street with theline between Wards 2 and 3 andacross Seventh street to a point onHouston Creek; thence with the meanderings of Houston Creek to thepoint of bee-inning. Voting place,on Seventh street, city school lot-W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon Courty, Ky.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON. C. B. C. C.(The boundaries for the votingprecincts of the entire county viUbe published in full in Friday'sBOURBON NEWS.)Position WantedBy experienced stenographer.Has had one year's experience inlawyer's office. Reference. Apply ut BOURBON NEWS office.New FirmWe hftve formed a partnershipunder the firm name of Paynter &Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blacksmithing, wood-working and horseshoeing businessat the old Curtis btar.d, in EastParis. We know our businessthoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best woikmanship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STROTHER PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.(It)Make Otar SYr StoreWhyYou ' Should'4 rI!Our ClofcTHREE GOOD REASBuySTYLEQUALITYVALUSTYLE Sfcyes lhat are new are always featured here in our store, as it is our desireto keep our customers dressed uD-to-the-minute. Double-breasted coats areshown very strong for Pall in one and two buttons, long roil lapels, form-fitting backs,riam colors, stripes and checks are leading patterns.OUALIT Y henJfc come? t0 qua!itv- we buy from concerns who bear reputations'2 ox selling good quality clothes. All wool fabrics in worsteds, cassi-meres and homespuns are handsomely tailored in these suits. You are assured of clothinsrsatisfaction if you buy here. . V1 ,UfiVALUES This storehas the reputation of giving the best values in town f6r the. money. Come in today and select your Tali Suit and see for yourselfour money-saving prices on clothes. -$200.00 to $67.50At AuctionR. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Saturday,OctoberQfrh10 O'CLOCK2191 ACRES IN BOURBON COUNTY(Known as the P. J. MilEett Farm)In the VERY HEART OF THE BLUE GRASS, 3V2 miles from Pans, on two pies, the Jacktow pike and the Tto Station pike, 1 mile from Federal Highway Lexington & Maysville pi 1mile to railroad station, 1 mile to schools ; only 4 miles 'from Millershnrg with its fine Military Academy and Female College. No better location in the State of Kentucky, for this is the "Garden Spot."HAS BEEN USED FOR YEARS AS STOCK FARM'loil is extraordinary fertile. Just look at the growing crops and you will see that it has produced the finest tobacco in Bourbon county this year, and the. other crops will convince yon that this isi? T15A0RI)INARY LAND. 45 acres in corn, 30 acres in tobacco, the tobacco land was broken out ofold blue grass sod, 20 acres of wheat stubble sown to blue grass and clover, balance in timothy clovermeadow and blue grass sod. Gently rolling and not a foot of waste land.IMPROVlilMENTS Beautiful brick Colonial house of 10 rooms, large halls, bath room spici0UI J porcl1 and two tack Prclies' Iias bllilt in cnina closets, folding doors between reception roomand dming room, splendid basement : hot water furnace, Delco Electric Lights handsome electric lihtfixtures water works, presses in all the rooms; has been newly papered throughout. This charming'old house of appealing simplicity has a five-acre lawn running to piice, shaded by steely walnut urelm, ash and oak trees, with ma-iadam drive from pike to house. In its picturesauo settino it i? rndWa SHOW PLACE OF BOURBON COUNTY. Homes like this are not aid LiSot f bi Sadthey are seldom ever offered for sale. AN UNPARALLELED OPPOHTUIHTY- Look at this wonderfulHomestead and you will realize it. All we say is "COME AND SEF."Garage, ice house, numerous, convenient and well-built out-buildings- r25 barrel steel crib 3brand new tobacco bams will hold 24 acres of tobanr.n 9. nn-nfo cfnr.ir tv -. ' onn zi J.everlasting water, four pools fed by spring's; cistern at dwelling; 3 tenant houses located at convenientplaces on tne farm with water at each. An abundance of fruit grapes, cherries, peaches peQrs andapples. , ' HAn ideal place to live, in a community of cordial, cultured and refined people, within easy access to the city of Paris, with its -fine railroad and internrban connections, good stores o-00d marketsand splendid schools. ' "Swinebroad in the last twenty months has sold over three million dollars worth of real estateand has never offered to the buyers a better proposition of. finer land or a more desirable home. Itwill please tne most fastidious.im ffSeJai?nbe sub;divided,: a, 26 act a 50 acre tract, and either 75 acres, 100 acres,w. TWAVQTTf Ca? fe Plirch?sed the improvements, or all of it, as the .purchaser desires.We-AEWAYS ' SEIXto suit the purchaser, Some improvements on each tract which will be offered.AN ABSOLUTE SALE, without reserve, by-bid or limit.A Square Deal to everybody. i Trrs" 3 "p rTERMS EASY possession January 1. 1921. Virpi."'. ,-' ,Look over the farm, or call or write for photographic views of same.' We will be glad to show-For further particulars see the owner, Mr. Newton Bishop at the farm or W E Moss or R WDever. at my Danville offices: or W. A. Dickerson of Gv. Swinebroad, af myneaster aficeT orSWI2SLEBROADThe Real Estate Man -BOIVAR BOND- & SONS,- AuctioneersLancaster, Ky.- - Ajs,-Jt J,(24t)If411 - K, A- ,i- . V . 5 - .JX - "'i5r -.&"v" -ct.-S:1'&X.r r - "tS'" i-"" wV '-H.?, '- jr -it,-,t -.-'" -V"' y.A.iW-a. &y - .V jrff JgJ-iV- V--. - :v.r .- iSST:--. Ni5f ' ' " ... rC-- X-f'np u, ,-"Vfc - -& ljj&fr-.1-? "..TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28,. 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKYjcPAGii-nrs ijaFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The Brad leys will not b instudio in the Bourdon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Buildingon Thursday on account of attending the Eastman School ofPhotography, in Louisville.BOYS RAINCOATS AT $9.00Heavy double texture liuncoats,guaranteed to turn water.J. W. DAVIS &. CO.o .E0UHB0N COUNTY FARM OF 322ACRES AT AUCTIONThe John J. McClintock and Mrs.Lou Palmor farm, will be sold atauction on October 8, at 10:30 p. m.Read ad in another column.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(2S-td)HAS ARM BROKEN.Thomas McCray, son of Mr. andMrs J. T. McCray, of North Middletown, -had his right arm broken,while cranking an automobile at hishome. He was given prompt medical attention and the injured meinitcr t-el and placed in splints.FEAST OF TABERNACLESThe Jows of Paris began the annual celebiation of the Feast of th.Tabernacles, or Sucoth, Sunday. Observance ot the cuFton will continu-3for eight days. Many went to Lexington, where services weie held inHie Maryland Avenue Ten-pie. withDr. A. Marcus, professor of the Hebrew Union College, at Cincinnati,n charge of the ceremonies. . .LOOK FOR THE EXIDE SIGNWhenever you see this sign, yo"can be assured of expert service, nomatter what make your battery is.is. Better still, you had better replace your battery with an ExideBattery, the oldest and oest Batterymade.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, (It) Opp. Windsor Hotel,SOCIAL AtW PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.i Ir- and Irs. Jos. W. Davis 3rhave returned from a aofourn atMartinsville, Indiana. SOJomn 'Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis Srhave returned from a sojourn a'cMaitinsville, Indiana.Jo. R. Butler, of Georgetownis visiting his brother W. O. BuOer'and Mrs Butler, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas C. Higgins hae taken an apartment at thehome of Mrs Elmer B. Myers, on MtAiry, avenue.. -Miss Tillie Jaynes has returnedin2"ton' after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Jaynes Savage, on Fifteenth street,-Afks Anna VanMeter, of DanMile, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.John Woodfoid, at their countryhome, near Paris.Evangelist G. H. Fern and family, guests of Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddie, in this city, 'have returned totheir home in Ewing.Mr. and Mrs. Rankin Mastinspent Sunday in Covington, theguests of Mrs. Mastin's parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. J. Huffman.Y. H. Harrison, of the localLouisville and Nashville clericalforce, left Saturday for a visit tofriends n St. Louis, Mo.Charles P. Mann, James L. Dayand W. S. Hughes, of the Big FourMotor Co., attended the big automobile show in Cincinnati last week.Mrs. G. W. Baldwin h?s, returned to her home in Manchester, O.,sfter a visit to her sister, Mrs. L. M.Tribble, and Mr. Tribbie, in thiscity.Mrs. Virgil Chapman spent several days last week in Irvine, whttioher husband is engaged m legalcases under consideration m CircuirCourt. -While attending the State D. ofC. meeting in Cynt-hiana last week,Airs. Wm. G. Talbott, of Paiis, was aguest at the home of Dr and Mrs. LS. Givens.Soiiierset Commonwealih: "MissMarietta Farrell has returned homefrom Paris and Richmond, Ky.,wheie she hat been visiting friendsand relatives."The first session for the autumn of the Bourbon County Woman's Club will be neld in the club jlooms on Wednesday, October 6,when an entertaining program wilibe given.Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Faulknerand daughter left Sunday for athree-weeks' stay in Tucson, Arizona. During their stay Mr. Faulkner will join a party on a hunt ir.the Rocky Mountains.- Miss Mabel Hill, of Louisville,and Miss Alice Barbour of St.Mathews, Jefferson county, areguests of Mr- and Mrs. L. B. Purnell, and daughter, Miss RebeccaPurnell, on Pleasant street.Edward F. Sijmmswho has beenin "Paris several days, visiting relatives and inspecting Xalapa Farm,has gone to New York. lie was accompanied by Brinch Meirertz, whogoes to Saratoga Spr'ngs on a business tripMr. and Mrs. C. F. Drake, ofWeaser, Idaho, who have been attending the G. A. R. Encampment atIndianapolis, came to Pans, Saturday, as guests of Mr. Drake's sister,MrSj Katie Bryan, "of near CanoRidge.Miss Elizabeth Lauahlm entertained with a dining at her homenear North Middletown, Sunday,celebrating the eighty-seventh birthday of her father, Isaac Lavighlin.About seventy-five guests were present from Paris, Georgetown, CaiJisle and Midway. All his childrenexcept one, were present.Mrs. Hairy H. Hancock hasgone to St. Louis, to be with herdaughter, Miss Frances Hancock,who recenely underwent an operation for appendicitis. Miss Hancock, who has been engaged in Social Service work in St. Lcuis, willreturn tc Paris with her mother assoon as she is able to travel.The program for the Miiiersbuig Twentieth Century Club, to beobserved at the meeting on Saturday, October 2, is as follows: RollCall Quotations from Spanish Authors; Cervantes, a BiographicalSketch, Mrs. Allie Miller; DonQuixote, a Book of Humanity, Mrs.Arthur Best; Hostess, Mrs. Ball.The Epsilon Omega Chapter,Kappa Delta Fraternity, Universityof Kentucky, gave a delightful entertainment recently at the home ofMiss Margurete AlcLiughlin, intpices and Heinz pure pickling vine-l Lexington, which was placed at thegar and your pickles won't spoil. disposal of the fraternity. Among(It) C. P- COOK & CO. these attending were Miss Louiseo Connell, of Faris, a student at thewrTtr -D-ortrnrcc flAS STOVES THE University, and her mother, Mrs.J.V.UVY .XVWOUW v -- ,A delightful lunch, prepared by Mrs.Fithian, was served the -guests.Robert Sims has . returned toChicago, aftei a visit tp Mrs. J. S.Sims, in this city.Miss Rosina Elder underwent asuccessful operation ot tne MassieMemorial Hospital, yesterday morning. rEdward F. Simimf has issued invitations to a barbecue tc be givenat Xalapa Farm, near Paris, on Friday, October 1, in honor of the Orphan Brigade. The invitations include only the visiting guests of theOrphan Brigade, and the Confederate soldiers of Bourbon county.(Other Personals on Page 3)o$ RELIGIOUS.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church, will held itsfirst all -day (meeting -of the year inthe parlors of the church to-day.All the ladies are requested to bepresent.Rev. Arthur Fox pastor of thePar.is Baptist church, is conductinga revival in the Springfield, Ky.,Baptist church. His pulpit here wasfilled at both services Sunday byRev. John D. Freeman, pas-tor of theSpringfield church.Thursday of thia week will beobserved by the Baptists of Kentuckyas State Mission Day. Special programs will be carried out in allBaptist Women's Missionary Unionmeetings. Special emphasis will belaid on the home missionary workof the denomination in the State.The Sunday School room of theParis Methodist church, which hasbeen undergoing extensive repairs,has been completed, and was putinto active use Sunday morning. Thenew rooms ir the basejment for theboys classes are also completed andleady for occupancy. The newrooms are models of convenience inevery respect.oTHE ELLIS TEA ROOM.TOBACCO INSURANCEProtect ycur tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)D. A. R. MEETING.The Jemima Johnson Chapter,Daughters ot American Revolution,will hold the first meeting of theautumn on Saturday afternoon, Oct.2, at 2:30 o'clock when Mrs. VirgilGaitskill will entertain the Chapterat her countiy home, near Paris.It is expected that the State Regent, Mrs. James M. Arnold, ofNewport, will be present. Miss Elizabeth Roff will give a talk on"Echoes Frpm The Mayflower." Apleasurable meeting is anticipatedand every member is urged to attend. Delegates to the State D. A.R. Convention to be held in Louisville, in October will be selected atthis meeting.oPARIS HAN CHOSEN HEADASSOCIATIONOFThe Eighty-eighth Annual Contention of Christian Churches inKentucky closed its 1920 session athe First Christian shurch, Louisville, after electing officers and anexecuthe committee for next year.Officers eleUed are: A. L. Bootright.president, Paris, Ky.; first vice-president,W. G. Eidred, Eminence:second vice-president, G. M. Nutter,Nicholasville, Ky.; recording secretary, Lin B. Cartwright, Louisville.The. executive committee is composed of the following men, all ofLouisville: Joseph Burges, NealMcGowan, Claude DeHart, W. N.Briney, Thomas Floyd, Hume Logan and J. S. Hilton.PICKLES WON'T SPOILPut up ycur pickles with FerndellWe serve light lunches, sandwiches, etc., evfiy day from 8 to 11 andfrom 2 till 5 o'clock. Regular meakat 75c. Business men and womerare especially invited to try the appetizing menu served here daily.THE ELLIS TEA ROOM,(It) Opp. Court House.oTAXPAYERS, IMPORTANT!The 1st of October is drawing very near, and those of youwho have not attended to listing your taxes had best takewarning 3nd attend to this immediately, as we are expectinga large rush toward the last andyou may not be able to getwaited upon. You will pleasegive this your attention and letus see you immediately.You? s truly;WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy. ;(sept21-tf)oDR. KELLER TO MAKE PRESENTATION ADDRESS.Presentation of the mepiorial portrait of Dr. J. N. McCormack, whowas for many years president to theKentucky Stale Medical Association,will occupy the first public session ofthat body, to be held in the CentralChristian church, in Lexington, ateight o'clock to-night. Dr. A. IT.Keller, of Paris, will make, the presentation address, and Dr. Lewis J.McMurtiy, of Louisville, will acceptihe gift on behalf of the Association.One of the most important addressesof the convention will follow, whenDr. Hubert Work, of Denver, Colo.,president of the American MedicalAssociation, will speak to the doctorsand public present at the meetingScientific sessions will be held Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday,monrings and afternoonsCauliflower suoffie is cheaper thsnmeat an.d a satisfying dish for themidday jmeal.For Sale.VERY BEST.John J. Connell, of Tans.A nleasant reunion took placeGet the New Process gas stoves to j jast Week at the home of Mrs. A. 'IForsyth, on Mt. Airy avenue, in thiscity, when Mrs. Forsyth and herthree sisters, Mrs. Mary Whaley, ofMillersburg. Mrs. Lucy Black, cf, Greensburg, Indiana, and Mrs. Ida! Desha, of-Hopkinsville, met togetherfor the first time in several yearr.The -s'stecs spent an enjoyable dayas guests of Mrs. Forsyth.Louisville Courier - Journal."Mrs. Joe Redmon. Bouvbon county,and granddaughtei , Miss Charlottedo your heating. They will saveyour gas bill.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirregular shoot last Friday at theClub grounds in East Paris. A goodtized crowd was out and the boysdid some wonderful shooting, as thefollowing spnrps will show. Thosebreaking 20 or more out of each ojRedmon, and Mrs. J. B. itooertson,A sixty-inch roll-top ofiice desk. Agood bargain for immediate sale. Inquire of THE BOURBON NEWS.LOSTBetween the skating link andFourth street, a silver ring. Onthe inside of ring is No "76." Suitable reward for return to NEWSoffice. (It)LOSTtarrpts wftrfiAmos Turney, 22, 23, 24, 25, 25.J. Q. Ward, 22, 24, 25.J. M. Caldwell 20, 20. 24.Sam Clay, 22, 22, 3, 23.Aylette Buckner, 21, 23.R. R McMillan, 21, 21, 22.Clarence Kenney, 21, 21, 22.Clarence Kenney, 21, 22.Joe Davis, Jr., 22.Clay Bedford, 221Richard Jones, 21, 21.A. B. Perkins, 20, f0.The Club 1 as put in a new western trap, which from now on willthrow perfect targets and the boy secores should improve & great deal.A cnnninl rannacf Ic TTI9fif' tO eaCUChattanooga, has returned to Bourbon county, after a visit tc Mr. anaMrs. John Lee- Dunlap Mrs. Sydney Bryan, Paris, wha has been theguest of ' Mrs. Albert Kirtley, inFrankfort, for the last week, has returned to her hopie. Mrs. Bryaawas .with friends for a box party atthe horse show Saturday night atthe State Fair."Miss Lavaletto Ranson entertained Satuiday afternoon at bridgeat the home of Mrs. Charles N. Fithian, on Pleasant street. The guestswere Mesdames Ernest ,L. Harris,Virgil Gaitskill, J. Slrams Wilson,Evelyn Buck. Lticien Buck, John J.Txrm;omC m. H. Dailey. CharlesOn the Clintonville pike yesterday, a tire and rim from a Ford auto.Reward for return tc the Sheriff'soffice, Bourbon County Couit House,Paris, Ky. (af)For SaleYou Don't Get Many Chances Like the One I AmOffering Now At MySELLING On SALEThis is positively my last season in Paris. I have a largestock of goods and am willing to take the loss. .Ladies' and Misses' Underwear at PricesThat will Remind You of 3 Years AgoOne lot of Misses' Union Suits, all sizes, worth $1.00, at. ..59cOne lot of Misses' Union Suits, $1.25 and $1.50 quality 98cOne lot of Boys' Union Suits at 69c-79c-98cLadies Vests and Pants, each 59cOne lot of Ladies' Union Suits, per suit. . ." 79cOne lot of ladies' Union Suits, fine quality, all sizes.. 79c-98cAlso Read These PricesOne lot of Dress Ginghams, the best quality at 50c, atthis sale, per yard 29c36-inch Percale, in light and dark, 60c and 65c quality,to close out at :35c50c Outing Cloth, including pink, blue and white, -selling out sale 35cOne large lot of White Goods, 90c quality, at this event. .49cHope Cotton at . 29cVery fine Cambric, our 50c quality, per yard 42c$3.50 Silks. 36 inches wide, at $ 1 .79All our Crepe de Chenes at $ 1 .98All our Georgettes at $ 1 .9fOne lot of Cotton Blankets, per pair $2.98We have a very large lot of Wool and Woolnap Blankets at verylow prices. Comforts at reduced prices.Our Ready-to-Wear DepartmentOne largo lot of Suits, worth up to '$148.00to cli se out at .- '. $39. 50One lot of Dresses worth up to S69.50, at this sale. . .$19.75CKMZ AND BE CONVINCEDiS"$- A3mumnx& & i&wsss-IS P tS W J! jafrsss?viiw.RYIMONPAR8S, KENTUCKY0BER 1st"X&pn s3ti -ffl&-rT"iixxcisTT;pOtxi?E a.?A 1919 model touring car, withfive cord tires. No reasonable offerrefused. Call or inquire THE NEWSoffice, both phones 125. (28-2t). ?t. A j i.. irorv best ' Tvjr,r -or tt McClintock. Louisin 0 o n fca Rhootinsr can rvinr. e. W. Glass, J. W. iouns,v.w wiut aiJ e" .- - ,.,- , - .-.begin promptly at 1:30, a tne wsare jrettinsr shorter. Visiting buuHarry Hutcncraii, swivu. wax0awonrmsreii. Misses Clara Bacon.ers .nd spectatiora arecome. i. , ,-always wel- Bessie Purnell, Blanchj Lilleaton,Lost Pocketbook. In or around the L. & N. Tenthstreet, in Paris, or left on L. & N.train, between Paris and Shawhan,a leather pocketbook containing asum of money, and notes and otherpapers of value to owner only. Willpay reward of $10 for return vDANIEL OWENS,Care J. MUler.Ward,,ColumbiaOrafanolasare the only TalkingMachines that areequipped with-aNon-Set rAutomatic StopWhy not buy the best?ColumbiaRecordsin all the latest'musical and novelty records.SEPTEMBERCASH SALEIf you need anything in HOUSEFURNISHINGS new.is the time to buy. We are offeringRemarkable ValuesDuring This Sale!You are so well acquainted with the quality of ourgoods that we do not feel that it is hardly necessary tomention it. You are actuallyThrowing Money Away ifYou Do Not BUY NOW!A STRAIGHT 20 PER CENT DISCOUNTON ALL MARKED PRICES DURINGSEPTEMBERTHE J.T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36Motor lioorso-TElizabefh Crutcher, Nell Grauther.,-(:lt)s .' :.Jparfi;;y. ljaiSmMPARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AH MAmor InvalM Cocb UiMUrtafcfc :cViW7 .&VV' ,rvTTJESDATf, SEPTEMBER 28, 1920.TOE- BOURBON SEWS, PARIS, -KENTUCKYPAGE SIX-T xZDON'T BE MISLEDt Paris Citizens Should Head and HeedThis AdviceA SUGGESTIONKidney trouble is dangnous andoften fatal.Don't expeiiment with somethingnew and untried.Use a tested kidney remedy.Begin with Doan's Kidney Pills.Used in kidney troubles 50 years.Recommended here and everywhere. A Paris citizen's statement formsconvincing proof.Jt's local testimony it can be investigated. Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. Pleasantsays: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills at different times, getting rhemfrom Oberdorler's Drug Store and Ihave found them a splendid kidneymedicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my backhas been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask foi a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the tame thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o, 10 EOOM FOR MILLIONAIREIf you live in or near a large city,stand for a few minutes in front ofone of the great railway stationsbetween seven and nine o'clock inthe morning, or between five andseven o'clock at night, and watchthe crowd pouring in or out. Go toIhe heart of the shopping section inthe middle of the day and observethe tide of people that flows andeddies about the great departmentstores and sometimes fills the streetsfrom curb 1o curb. yWhen you have fixed the -pictureso firmly in your mind that evenwith your eyes closed you can seeyour fellow creatures as bees in aswarm, pushing, crawling, ceaselessly moving over and upon andagainst one another, ask yourselfhow many of them all actually produce one tenth or one-hundredth ofthe food that they eat.Everything that goeth in at themouth of a man must cqme, directlyor indirectly, from the soil, and bythe work of human hands. Whenyou have made your mental 'pictureof the people in the city who expect to be fed, and another mentalpicture of th number of farmerywho are expected to feed them, youwill know one reason why food isscarce and high, and you will alsohave had a hint of what you can doto improve conditions.o(Trankiort State Journal)The arrest in Louisville of awealthy young man from Memphisbecause he wore shabby clothes anddrove a mud-bespattered $6,000 automobile recalls the fact that a millionaire once was turned away fromthe old Capital Hotel with the explanation, "No room? vacant."Nearly twenty years ago TomJohnson, millionaire Mayor of Cleveland, was a pioneer touiist in anautomob'le whicr was called a "RedDevil"' in newspaper reports.Mr. Johnson an ived In Fiankfortin his "Red Devil" as well covered"with mud a., the machine was.Machines in those days were with-out tops or windshields, and, as werecall it. the mud guards weie nonextensive or rudimentary. At anyrate a very muddy fat man lookinglike a tamp headed into the hoteland asked for accommodations. Hereceived the "once over" and theinformation that there were no unreserved looms. Later the identityof the muddy man was discovered,and need it be said, the "en or of theclerk," which was indeed an error,was corrected as soon as Tom Johnson was caught by a hotel employewho was sent hot foot after him.oAmazons in Uganda.The women of Uganda are AmazonIa"n in their methods and do not hesitate to secure an acknowledgment oftheir rights by force, if necessary. Avisitor to that land declares that frequently women working by the roadside will capture a passerby and, onpain of a severe castigation, will makehim take a turn with the hoe whilethey have a smoke.ASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineCatarrh Csel Be CuredCaterrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICIKEis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofSwrJSSS3' ?AX,IS CATARRHMEDICINE destrOVH tllA fmmilatlnn 4the disease, gives the patient strength by- improving the general health and assistsnature in doing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo. Ohio.(adv-sept)"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin' is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufactuie Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)SIXTH DISTRICT CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR MEETING CLOSESThe Sixth District Christian Endeavor convention, closed a successful session Sunday evening, at theCentral Chnsiian church, in Lexington, after the installation of officers, a consecretion service, and ipowerful addiess by Dr. A W. Foitune. - The following officeis 'were installed President, Miss Minnie Pheigo,Lexington vice-president, Mr. Robt.A. Rose, Paris;" secretary, Miss EttaDavis, Lexington; treasurer, Mr.Geo. B. Thuiman, Lexington; junior superintendent, liiss EstherBoatright, Paris; intermediate superintendent, Miss Ruby Soper,Lexington; Tenth Legion superintendent, Mr. Harold McGregor,Lexington; Quiet Hour superintendent, Miss Myrtle Eastwood,Lexington.1 oHelmets, in the form of stiff hats,having great resistance to blows,are being worn in mines. y3EVERYTHINGFor Men and Boys to WearNow is the time to get your newoutfit. Qur assortment of stylesand patterns is at its best. Everystyle that's correct is here. Everyman will find just the patternshe wants.Men's Suits9in the new Browns, Blues andFancy Mixtures$25.00 upRaincoats and Topcoats$7.50 upShirts in all materials and patterns. New Neckwear, Fall Underwear and don't forget, acomplete line of Shoes.uSAVE THE DIFFERENCE'TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprittorHOLY JOES BLAME CHIEF FORENFORCEMENT FAILURE.WASHINGTON, Sept. 27. Pro-,hibition enforcement official, theNew York branch of the Anti-SaloonLeague and its Superintendent, "William H. Anderson, alike shared avitrolic attack Thursday by Bird S.Coler, New York Commissioner ofPublic Welfare, in a speech beforethe International Congress AgainstAlcoholism.Mr. Coler's prepared address, although censored by officials of theCongress to eliminate personalities,charged "open violation" of prohibition laws and accused Mr. Anderson of attemptipg to incite race andreligious hatred.Prohibition Enforcement Commissioner Kremer, also on the program,answered the attack on his bureaupersonally, and Mr. Anderson, whowas absent, replied in a formal statement in which he accused Mr. Colerof injecting "Tammany politics" intoan international meeting.Mr. Coler explained, as a prefaceto his speech, that when he reachedthe hall where the sessions of theCongress are being held he was informed by Chairman Dinwiddle thathe would not be permitted to dealwith personalities, but that the remainder of his speech should be delivered. Launching into his speech Mr. Coler leveled a bitter attack on themass of dry workers, particularlythose associated with the Anti-SaloonLeague, saying they were "buckpassers" and had not forced the candidate of either of the major partiesto take a definite stand as to retention and enforcement of prohibitionlaws.As for Federal enforcement of prohibition the speaker demanded that"something might be done right now."There is no reason for quibbling, headded, because "everybody knowsliquor can be bought at most placesand at most any time if you've gotthe right look in your eyes.""If the prohibition enforcementofficials don't take hold of this situation quickly," Mr.- Coler continued,"there'll be a worse scandal whenthis Administration goes out thanthere was in the old whisky ringtwenty-five years ago. I'm tired ofgoing after the poor little devil. Jwant the enforcement corps to getsomebody that counts even amongtheir own numbers in the very heartof the Government."I could give you many nameright now myself, but they (thosenamed) would know before I leftthis platform that they would besought the leaks are just that closehere in the Government."The Prohibition Commissioner, ifhe wanted to, could take one or twomen and round up Senators, Governors, Federal officials and scores ofothers for violation of the liquorlaws."New York could be cleaned up insixty days. But the Department ofJustice and Mr. Kramer's bureau andthe other Government departmentshave got to work together."As it is everybody's ducked. TheAnti-Saloon League has ducked.Even Cox and Harding have duckedexcept when heckled, and that'snot a satisfactory way to get assurances." Replying to Mr. Coler's charges ofviolation of the prohibition laws Mr.Kramer said that "to a considerableextent they were true, but he insisted the New York Commissionershould provide a bill of particulars"in order that the small force of thebureau might know where to go onthe trial of the bootleggers.He told the Congress he was doinghis "level best" to enforce the lawsand explained that his force numbered only 1,000 adding "think of thatnumber policing 110,000,000 people,for that is what -it is, policing."After officials of the Congress haddeclined to permit delivery of thatpart of his speech referring to Mr.Anderson, Mr. Coler gave it out inthe form of a public statement, inwhich he charged Mr. Anderson withan attempt,to "get religious and racesat each others throats.""The desire of this person to turnthe prohibition movement into ananti-Catholic and Jewish program."the statement said, "should cause hisbanishment from every civilized nation.Anderson uses the Anti-SaloonLeague of New York to launch a crusade of bigotry, which is nearer hisheart' than the cause he is said to represent."With saloons wide open under hisown eyes, he attacks another faith andcries 'wolf, wolf,' when there is nowolf, in order that his own failuresmay not be known."He has destroyed the veracity andrespectiability of the league in theState of New York."Anderson Denies Charge.Mr. Anderson, in his reply to Mr.Coler's charges, said:"Any statement that I have madeany attack on any church is utterlyuntrue. But fear of misrepresentation has deterred me from exposingand thwarting the Tammany schemeto capitalize politically against prohibition the influence of a greatchurch, many of whose clergy andlay members have been noted leaders in the fight to destroy the liquortraffic."Although the two speakeis concluded their papers and argumentsat today's session, the delegateswanted to hear more of it and votedto open the two papers for discussiontomorrow, meeting an hour earlierto avoid changes in the regular program, jo ftHomo Scissors Sharpener.By accident one day a certain housewife discovered that cutting sandpaper sharpened her scissors. "Now shedoes not have to wait for the scissors grinder to come around, for shealways keeps a sheet of sandpaper Inher machine drawer to sharpen herscissors with.George Washington was one of therichest men in America when he became president.oAbout oneflfth of the country'stimber is publicly owned.HHII 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 .IIHHi llllllllill UiiHhIff ' '-'PAnnouncement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main StreetsPlease call at our store andhear theAeolian Vocation RecordsON(iradiHila MachinesRecords received monthly.? Five hundred to selectl f romE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Sole Agents for Paris and Bourbon CountyI1 ' V II' in Ml I 1 1 il ILG)xofSalhfaclicnUICQiG-rEri&lem of Satisfactionk-sY TTILITY is the dominating characteristic4J of the new Nineteen Twenty One BuickValve-in-Head Series.Buick engineers have always made service andpower their leading principles and those whobuy motor cars on this business basis will findin the new Buick series high-powered transports just as strong, durable and dependable asthe highest engineering skill can make them.While service and power are emphasized, thenew Buick models are cars of striking beauty,highly attractive in lines and in appointments.In resilient spring suspension, making ridingsmooth and easy, and in the generous roomprovided for the full number of passengers,they offer a high degree of comfort.The roomy, commodious new Buick sevenpassenger open car is a happy selection, combining comfort and utility with extra passengercapacity to meet every need.VFVilwz .fAVVWmVThe C. S. Ball Garagetor. fourth and Pleasant Sts.WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK -WILL BUILD THEMEDITOR DTJLEY TAKES EXCEPTION TO "SMOKES."111 a recent issue of his pap'-r, theFlemingsburg Times-Democrat, E.lilor Hiram Duley takes the following fling1 at Republican Senatorialnominee, Richard P. Ernst, of Covington :"This spring a friend o R. P.Ernst, who thinks he is going torepresenl or misrepresent Kentuckyin the U. S. Senate, sent out to agoodly number of Kentucky Democratic pypers an offer of advertisineof the candidacy of said Ernst foithe Republican nomination for theSenatorship, accompanied by acheck and a box of Richard P.Ernst cigars. This "was supposed tobe for the purpose of an openingfor buying the support of the Democratic press in the general election,or, at l'-abi, of getting them to sellhim space to blow hi? horn in thatcampaign. We have not heard ofany Democratic paper putting litename up in place of the Democratic nominee, so we infer that thelittle cigar gapie didn't work."oThe -United States received nearly$3,000,000 in income from grazingon the national domains.: .IIXIllXXIIIvmIIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No.4 West Fifh StreetxMM'- IkX. & m -L all iTSS- tillB VWf? SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IThe Bourbon LajindrjrN " Paris, Kentucky!XifHiXX1XsXIXXiXXfXIXIj:iixasxi.v.""!-JiajTevt;":' VCrrtTESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1920.THb BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYrk. f agib sni&far- - -Kill That ColdFORColds, Coughs,SVifA ' WHAT'S DOING jhlltb U RriHxd . ;in politics, FOB IRE TANLAC ! fkCASCARA tf QUININEFOR M& ANnOpANDGrippeNeglected Colds are DangerousTake no chances. Keep this standard remedy handy for the first sneeze.Breaks up a cold in 24 hours RelievesGrippe in 3 days Excellent for HeadacheQuinine in this form does not affect the head Cascara is best TonicLaxative No Opiate in Hill's.ALL DRUGGISTS SELL ITA DOLLAR AN HOUR OR- LOAFA recent dispatch from a Westernirdustrial tovnsaid that there wasplenty of unemployed labor about,that there were lines of applicantsat every mill or fourdry office; butihat no one would go to work forless than a dollar an hour. The dispatch added that many of the menhad come in from the farms thatsurrounded the town, . looking for"easier work and bigger pay."The situation is common all over.he United States. Together withthe spiiit of speculation, whichthrives at a ti,me of underproductionand extravagance, it is at the bottom of the steadily rising cost ofliving. It means a continually increasing costliness of industrial production and a continually diminishing supply of food. Then willfollow a business breakdown andsevere hardship. Is that the. onlylearnThe Democratic Organization inLouisville will probably go into theeourls to have their selections for eleclion oiluvrs name J in four precinctsin the Tenth Ward of Louisville Intwo of these precincts no white menlive. In two others the three or fourwhite men residing there are Republican. The Democrats, therefore, nskoif theelection commission to permit the appointment of while Democrats 'fromother sections of the city to serve iithese precincts.way in which Americans canthrift and wisdom?Men who will not work exceptfor a wage arbitrarily fixed andwho do less work both in qualityand quantity for that wage deliberately delay our recovery from thewaste and destruction of war andhelp the profiteer to keep the priceof everything we need high in air.They have made the farm worker-fa-"think that he is a Lool to stay longhours at really hard work. Therefore, he 1 eaves the farm and crowdsinto the city to get his share of the"easy money." We see with a sighthe old habits of industry and ofconscientiousness disappeaiing; it istoo much to hope that mere exhortation will call those habits back,but we are drifting toward a situation in which they will have to comeback if Ave are going to live andwant to have the simplest comfortsof life.KELPS WAKE STRONG,STURDY MEN and HEALTHYBEAUTIFUL WOMEN"Iron 13 red blood food and inmy experience I have foundno Dctter means oi Duuaingup tae reapiooa corpusqesana neimng to give increased power to m theciccatncn orjjaniciron-ltke Nutted Iron."i?.ii. i. van.iormcriyph7scin In the Baltimore Hosp!aI and S"DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.BRIGHTEBEVENINGSSwii.k m. mmmtfi&Lf.Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She si'eeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does TassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)oMINISTERS WANT STATE CENSORSHIP OF MOVIESThe cpiuhussion, controlled by a Kepuhlican sheriff and a Republican election olHcer, not only declined this request, but instead' appointed negroelection officers to serve for ihe Democrats. This action was a clear violation of the law, as none of these negroes weie registered as Democrats.It is from this ruling that the Democrats propose to appeal to the courts.Gained 17 Pounds And Her Wonderful Improvement Is The Talkof The Neighborhood.This incident is reminiscent oC thecarpet-baggelry practiced in the Southby the Republicans after the CivilWar, when negro oflice-holders wereforced on the while people. The wholeoccurrence is a signlSicant indicationof what continued Itepublican rule inKentucky menus.The leading negro, newspaper olLouisville has put forward a candidatefor the Louisville Board of Education.From this 't is but a step to mixedschools in Kentucky. The same paperis also exhorting the negro vpteis ofLouisville to vote against the milliondollar issue of school bonds becausemost of i he money is to be used forwhite schools.Lacking the courage of SenatorBeckham and James H. Richmond, ofLouisville, candidate for Congressman,on the Irish question, their Itepublicanopponents have given a great exhibition of dodging, following the exampleso ably set by their national leader,Warren (!. Harding.Beckham and Richmond came out inmanly fashion against recognition ofrhe present so-called Irish Republic.So far Ernst has not had the courageto answer the question and Ogden hasstraddled it in a six-page letter. "Ican not give definte answer," says Mr.Ogden, "because conditions are shifting." Tine enough, and Congressmenare shifty."It's no wonder that everybodysees a change in mother since shebegan taking Tanlac, for she hasgained seventeen pounds and can getabout batter than for the .last twenty-fiveyears," recently declared T.E. Ellis," well-known live-stock dealer, Ijving at Rumsey, Ky."My mother is now sixty-eightyears old and for eight t years hadsuffeied from loss of appetite, nervousness, constant headaches, severepains in the chest and back and frequent spells of dizziness. She became so bad off about five yearsago that she had to give up allhousework and spent (most of hertime in bed. During all that timeshe neither knew what it was tohave a well day or a night's rest, andher condition became so alarmingthat we never expected tc see herI up again.vtc ao.j one icau "i ix-o jnyui-jabout someone who had been greatlyhelped by Tanlac, and nothing wouldsatisfy her until she had tried itherself. So I drove 35" miles toEvansville and got her a bottle.She's had four more bottles sincethen and she has actually gainedseventeen pounds in weight, and itsyears since I saw her looking scwell. She praises Tanlac all daylong, and her remarkable recoveryhas made such a stir around Ruiriseythat scores of other sick people havetaken Tanlac with splendid results.I make a trip to Evansville everyweek and always carry back a loadof Tanlac for the neighbors. Weall think there is no medicine likeit, and I'jm gladof this chance oftelling everybody about what it didfor my mothej"Tanlac is sold m Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)oWOMEN'S COMMITTEE ACT ASBANK EXAMINERSS VParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)State legislation providing for theestablishment of a moving-picturecensorship in Kentucky will besough by the Churchmen's Federation during 1921, Rev. W. S.Lockhart, of Louisville, Secretary,has announced.Dr. Lockhart . pointed out thatneighboring States have movingpicture censors. He said that Kentucky would become a dupnpingground for offensive films were ilnot for the voluntary co-operationof theatre-owners with the Louisville Ministerial Association.oExercise Intelligently.'Grow younger as you grow older bycultivating a love of good, healthful,honest sport," is sound advice. vvaiKing, riding, rowing, playing golf, tennis or croquet or any other mild formof exercise in the open air keeps themuscles supple and prevents the jointsfrom stiffening, fills the lungs withlife-giving oxygen and keeps the bloodfrom becoming sluggish or the livertorpid. In short, it is exercise andright thinking that keep the body "intune and up to concert pitch." OrisonSwett Marden in Chicago Daily News.The Democratic Stale Headquarters at Louisville will shortly scatterbroadcast over the state a circular distributed by Republicans of the Chicago convention 'against Warren G. Harding. Harding is on record in twospeeches in the Congressional Recordin favor of dollar wheat. "Under normal conditions," says Harding, "dollarwheat makes it (farming) a very profitable occupation." The Farm DefenseLeague of Ohio distributed this handbill in the effort to head off Harding'snomination and is still fighting him allover the nation.The Firestone Bank of Lisbon,Columbia county, has the distinctions of being the first bank in Ohioto be examined by a committee ofwomen, Ira R. Pontius, StateSuperintendent of banks, said.Directors of the bank chose women, departing from an old custopn,because of the enfranchisement ofthe latter.Pontius is of the opinion this izihe first time women have acted asbanking committee examiners anywhere in the country.Iirurni ' ). iviuiriLiv.'California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeA recurrence of race riots in Chicago, where the negro dive keepers aregiven special privileges by the Repub- jlican administration proves what adanger to the community it is whenany one element is pampered for political purposr-s. Under Republicanrule in Chicago this policy has alreadyled to two serious race riots.The publication in the Republicanorgan, the Louisville Herald, of thesuccessful settlement of internationalquarrels by the League of Nations isin curious contrast to its editorialpropaganda that the League will breedwars. This story tells how the Council of the League prevented war between Poland and Lithuania jind between Finland and Sw'eden over theAland Islands. In both of these controversies peaceful process of mediation prevented wars, fully vindicatingthe League of Nations.X!.zEt - " " "AGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.?KKThe first woman Democratic massmeeting ever neiu in jouisvnie wasSUCH n wonuenui success uiui even xiepublicans were astounded. The bestcitzenship of Ixmisville filled historicPhoenix Hill Hall to overflowing andinspired the workers of local and stateorganizations to "new enthusiasm tocarry the state for Cox.vIt is less than one week until registration day. Every woman's duty it isto register next Tuesday so that shemay vpte in November to help offsetthe eighty thousand negro women voters which will be cast solidly by theRepublican party for the Republicancandidates.Accept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle 'stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)& T -- 5:s"M?"sSESBESSSsMBSSSMSMLtm&nmmsnAttention, Farmers!ii i , i-iw iAr?ftl: we have theGENUIINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, fflvenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.CollierOffice Opposite Paris TabaccoWarehouseBros"Cumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257 ,DUCK RESCUED FISH.(Frankfort Journal)Major C. W. Longmire, cqmmanderof the local post of the AmericanLegion? relates the following fishstory, which practically cincheshim the season's championship forthe best "fish tale." He says hewas at Black's Pond with JudgeHieatt and Leo Nesbit and that hecaught a nice newlight. Takingthe fish off his hook he placed it onthe bank and ran a sharp needlethrough the finny specimen in orderto keep it from getting away. Whilethe Major was trying to hook someother good catches, one of the manyHunVs thnt alwavs inhabit thepond, pulled on the fish releasing it'and naturally it lost little time jnreturning to its watery home. TheMajor claims that he returned toihe pond several days later and thathis first catch was this same nsnwhich the kind old du6k had previ-,. , f.rlir "Ahqn:One of the speakers, a ousiy ,ireea irojui cuvx. -lute proot mat it vus iucfish," said the Major, "is that it borethe needle and string."o !Dressmaker Dresses Employees."V Once a year one of the greatest ofParisian dressmakers lets, each of thewomen in his employ choose' a gownfrom his stock, and has it made up according to her directions, 'If Harding is elected in Novemberyou may have a negro postmistress inyour town next year. Last week a delegation of negro men and women Visited the Blarney Stone at Marion tcvow unending support to me neputilican partyn egress, informed Senator Ha"dingihat the negro -women expected theiishare of patronage in proportion tothe number of negro women votes cast.In reply he promised full wghts of citizenship to his colored audience. Theappointment of a colored postmasterin your town or a negro collector ofinternal Tevenue in Louisville will.therefore give no surprise.' .Put a New Roof Right Overthe Old OneDo it with Art Craftthe economy roofing. You'll savethe laborcost of tearing off the old roof and the litterand the time. You'll have an all-weather-proof roof withfire-danger; greatly reduced.Art (raft Poof4Red GreenThis is the quality roof that wears, wears, wears. It is a beau-tiful roof that stays sp for years and years. It is practicaland economical. It costs less than other worthy roofings. Itscolors are permanent. It is guaranteed for service. Madeby, Bird & Son, Inc., makers of the world-famed Neponset RoofsEstimates FreeAn ARTCRAFT ROOF is being applied on thehome of Mrs. John Dean, 903 Walker Ave., Paris, Ky.,right over the old wooden shingles. Investigate it, thenput an ARTCRAFT ROOF on YOUR home. 'We expect to open a permanent branch office inParis in the near future.Blue Grass Roofing Co.142 Marjcet St., Lexington, Ky.Phone 4208Bourbon Feed Mfg. Co,L,. D. iVIITCHELLSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellHAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of theMines.Call In While We Have PlentyftOCp"TAttKeep this Door Open Too h!2g&"Mi "rVTTlio-ri?J.T.M I J.TJLCX j VCk I I IfWould you lock one of your doors for theprice of a telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming v or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe the customer who wantsto telephone you an order will wait until thatdoor is open again but maybe he won't!If your present equipment is often in use,you might make a profit on another telephoneor "trunk" or on even several more; a goodmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same number, using any of your lines that is idle whenyou are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on thetelephone. Think.it over., "At Your Service" 'Paris Home Telephone and Telecr aph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Vealch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERY.a larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky.- No-agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phon7t PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel53 mr -v.t.frrA- ii ,.Wjf jMBv 14I -"1Z "?-fBxii tf J"TTTfTTTTTlfMX1FTrrTTTTTTlT1-Cvv"j,".rrajF33au4uaAa-BaJ -. .. " i ' " Jv" !"; V.- -"V- . . i- T-WBBggWW"gigggaHg3gMgTM'nill1'ffllll IIWIII II HI ll-.'-H " ' - . ' SC . --. ,-"-"" "" " -..'V- ... ? .,,.JT -r . , '' - W lW .,j, -$ t' Vv 75. ?3??ri -"l"kr-'5-"F"itjyR -ir-irl-t rr-ii-v.5If! J "JCL"1B !-. vRrfJMLLLERSBURG-Prof. Lancaster and family vis--,iletf relatives at Georgetown, Satur-sjp .-Mr. P, L. Dimmitt . went to3&fagvil?e, Fiiday, for a few days';ijiCL.Mr. E. H. Kerr and family vis- j-:Lrelatives at Maysville, Saturdayfrg. Sunday.Mr. ?.t. HI. Bowles, Mesdames" &1&TS. Shanks, Fannie Noiton and"- Jiua' Dam ell continue very muchtfce same.Mf. S.' M. Allen and Mr. JT T.3wiy are improving nicely. The for-is going about, and the latter is&Ufcto sft up.-Mrs. Joe Rogers sustained a fall, TBkexsd&y afternoon, breaking herarigkt arm, badly crushing one ofiSfcfc "hones at the elbow.Mr J. B. Dikes, of indianapolis,!. was among the distant rela-jIbcbs- who attended the funeral ofMre. P. L. Dimmitt, Thursday.s Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBeli, of2'JEirirg,. were guests of their daugh-Mrs R. M. Caldwell, Saturdayhi ar.d Sunday, going from hereIto. Another daughter, Mrs. GeorgeJeffreys, at Lexington.Mr. 0. L. Potts was taken sudpy 31 with appendicitis, Wednesofey afternoon, and was taken to Sr.Joseph Hospital, Thursday morning.?3:-re he was operated on by Dr. DaTid Barrow. He regained seriouslym. until Sunday, when his conditionrcw somewhat better, and is doingC5- well as can be expected at thissrrfting.The body of Mr. Chas. Lee Talmmt, wTho died at his hopne in LewisIsarg. Mason county, on Sunday.Sfeft. 19th, was interred in the MilItMFShxirg Cemetery, Friday afteron. Mr. Talbott was raised near3182ersburg. Early in life he wasaadted in marriage to Miss Ross, orMson county, daughter of the lateBr. Ross, since which time he has reraded in. Mason county. Their unioniras blessed with several children,32X of whom survive him, with hisTsitfow. He is also survived by onesx3ter Mrs Mary Mytrs, wife of Eler Thomas Myers, of Detroit, Mich.,-srio was unable to attend the funerttJ The remains were accompanied. their last testing place by a largeTrwnbei; of Mason county friends andrJatives.oJ. GKEAT FAEM OF 322 ACRES IN" TWO TRACTS AT AUCTIONRead particulars in advertisement2 this issue of the J. J. McClintockm& Lou Palmer sale of 322 acreftuyoi on the Peacock Pike. Salestarts at 1030 a. m., October 8th.WSH be sold in two tracts on thepremises. See.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRISor J. D. McCLINTOCK.- (28-td)More than 50 specimens of the'ftfrrfs in the United Spates have beenferad in Ireland.Rubber Goods!Of the highest quality for the30' ise and sick room. Each articlelisted .guaranteed to give you jmaximum service or we will replace itije or refund your money:yamily Fountain Syringe.. ..$1.50'Xa4iarrt Fountain Syringe . . 1.2 &Niagara. Fountain Syringe. .. 2.00JPltris Fountain Syringe" 3.00!Kiuided Water Bottle 3.75Cigara, Water Bottle 2.00J?fcris Water Bottle 2.50JNperservice Bulb Syringe . . . 2.00household Bulb Syringe . . . . 2.00Bter and Ulcer Syringe 50Iftf&nt Syringe 35 and .50Atomizer Bulbs- ". .. .40JBaglish. Breast Pumps 60irord Rubber Syringes. ..35 to $3.00Crutch and Cane Tips,per patr 35""Sygeia Nipples each 07J&tti-Colic Nipples, each 07Hubber Urinals, Invalid Cushion?,Jfcalth Beans, Atomizers, etc.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYs 80. Paris, Ky.Mosquitoesand RatsHow To GetRid of Themjrp We. have tli3 goods. Something entirely different from?what you have been using.Give us a call.-mGARDEN & SON' Prescription Druggists?RCXALL STORFTParis, Ky.-: ; DEATHS.-,FRYMANWilliam Robert Fryman, agednine months, diecr of pneumonia at tihe home of his parents, Mr. and'Mrs. L. C. Fryman, at Shawhan.The funeral and interment tookplace at Wagoner's Chapel, in Har-l-ison county.WOODFORDJohn T. Woodford, aged seventy, well-known throughout the Bluegrass region as a breeder of fine saddle horses, died at his home in Mt.Sterling, Sunday morning, at anearly hour, of pneumonia.Mr. Woodford is survived by -hiswife, formerly Miss Nannie Chenault, of Montgomery county, twodaughters, Mrs. Richard Winn, ofMt. Sterling, and Mrs. W. W. Gay,of Bourbon county; and four sons,Thornton Woodford, William Woodford and Chenault Woodford, ofMontgomery county, and CatesbyWoodford, Jvt, of Bourbon county.BRIERLY.Thomas Brierly, a farmer, residing near Centerville, this county,died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Friday afternoon,following a protracted illness. Mr.Brierly recently underwent a surgical operation at the Hospital.Mr. Brierly is survived by hiswidow, one son, Silas Brierly, of nearCenterville; three daughters, Mrs.Edna Allison, of Fayette county.Mrs. Frances Linville and Mrs. Jos.Shawhan, of -near Centex ville.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at the homeof his daughter, Mrs. Shawhan, withser ices conducted by Rev. H. T.Wood. The intenment took place inthe Old Union Cemetery-McCANDLESSThe funeral of Mrs. Millie Cameron McCandless, aged reventy-threewho died at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city at noon Friday, of a complication of diseases,was held Sunday morning at 8:30o'clock, with services conducted atthe grave in the Pais Cemetery byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. Mrs. McCandlesshad been a member of that denomination from early childhood. Shehad been ill for some time, and wasiCjTOOved from the home of her son,Geo. McCandless, on Second street,to the Hospital about a week ago.Mrs. McCandless ?s survived byone son, George McCandless, ofParis; one daughter, Mrs. Ella Wilson, of Cynthiana; one brother, Wm.Cameron, of Shawhan; two sisters,Mrs. Jos. Farmer, of Paris, and Mrs.Bettie Hermance, of Missouri.JAMES.Miss Janie James, aged sixtyfour, one of the best-known residentsof Paris, died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city Saturdaymorning, following an operation performed for uraemia. Miss Jamies hadbeen in declining health for sometime, but had been at the Hospitalbut a short time.Miss James was a daughter of thelate Samuel Jan.es, former Jailer ofBourbon county, and a gallant member of the Confederate veterans ofthe county. She -was prominent inall good works of the Methodistchurch, of which she had been a lifelong and devoted member.She is survived by one brother,Harry O. James, and one sister, Mrs.Corne Watscn Baird, both of Paris,and "several nephews and nieces,Lawrence James, of Hazard, John.Cornelius, and Julian James, ofParis, and Mis. George C Thompson,of Allensville, Ala.The funeral was held at the homeof her sister, Mrs. Baird, on Highstreet, in thi& city, where she hadmade her home, at three o'clock.yesterday afternoon, witn servicesconducted by Rev. Clinton H. Greer,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch. The interment followed inthe Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Henry A. Power, James McClure. Sr.. Jj.mes M. Caldwell, JackGregg, Thos. A. McDonald, and Ed.T. Hinton.oTUESDAY, OCTOBER 5 IS REGISTRATION DAY.Next Tuesday, October 5, will beregistration day. The polling boothswill be open from six a. m. to ninep. m. Wqtr.en are reminded thatthat in registering on this date,they will have the privilege of voting in the Presidential election inNovember, and in the primary election next fall. They will not be requested to telJ their, age, but mustfurnish information to he effect thatthey arc? of legal voting age. Theclerk and judges ir the various polling places will take 'especial piinsto instruct them in what they shoulddo. Don't be deceived or misled byfalse reports, as to being required tostate exact age, but go to the pollsand register.SEEKS INFORMATION ABOUTFORMER BOURBON PEOPLEMr. Opha Moore, City Clerk ofColumbus. O.. is seeking informationin regard to the descendants of Anthony aad Philips Moore, who werein Bourbon county in 1793. -Mr.Moore's letter is printed below, inthe hope that some of our subscribers may be able to give him theinformation he desires:"Columbus, O., St-pt. 24."Dear Sir: I am anxious to getin touch with - the descendants, ifany, of Anthony and P'hilip Moore,who were fr. Bourbon county in1793 They came from Morefield, Virginia, (now West Viiginia) and as there .is a town inNicholas county called Moorefield, itoccurred ,to me that it may havebeen named for them or their family. I am collecting data for a family history and would, bi deeplygra.teful'to ycu, if youan put me in, :he waj of secuiing "the informationI need as to the "Kentucky branch'A .our- famUj . -"OPHA MOORE7'-A kfwlf 1 Wit -tfMSf-U I 1HHIA H k. - B H L. .m ZSSZ5S5SES5SS2EISE5 H H k m B H H F2:OO.toTODAY, TUESDAYROY STEWARTin "Riders of the Dawn'?A photoplay of the novel. "The Desertof Wheat," by Zane Grey.The great adventure where love andthe law prove mightier than the rope.ALSOStuart Holmes and Miss Frankie Mannin "TRAILED BY THREE"A whirlwind adventure serial by Chas.T. Dazey, author of "In Old Kentucky'And Rathe NewsAdmission:Adults 27c plus 3c War tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license as issuedin Jeffersonville, Ind., Friday, toSylvester Sanders, 21, farmer, andMiss Kate Mary Stewart, 18, bothof Paris. A license was issuedThursday night from the office of theFayette County Clerk, at Lexington,to Jonas R. Werness, 28, clerk, ofLouisville, and Rosale M. Early, 28,of Paris.Marringo licenses were issuedlabt week from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Pa ton, rts follows:Homer Bailey, 28, and Miss EdnaAffaryost, 21, both of Dayton, Ky.:Ralph Locks 21, and Miss TrevaCottermnn, 21, both of Dayton, O.Both young couples were marriedshortly after by County Judge Gea.Batterton, in his priv;.te office in thecourt house.Friends and relatives in thiscity have received invitations,worded as follows: "Mrs. Lucy McCarthy requests the honor of yourpresence at ihe marriage of herdaughter. Mary Elizabeth, to Mr.George oohey, an Tuesday morning, October twelfth, nineteen hundred and twenty, at nine o'clock, atEpiphany Church, Twenty-fifthtrett and Forty-secand avenu,Chicago, Illinois." Enclosed werecards reading, "At Hoire after November -twelfth, nineteen hundrednd twenty, Paris, Kentucky."E 4RLY WBRN ESSMr. and Mrs P. W. Early, ofParis, announce the msrriage oftheir daughter, Miss Rosalie M.Early, to Mr. J. Reid Werness, ofLouisville. The ceremony took placein Lexington, on September 23.Mr. Werness is 'clerk in a largemercantile establishment In LouisMile. WILLI AMSOiNT RENICK..Of 'ntercst to Paris society people is the announcement ot the engasremert and approaching marriageof "Mr. Phc-lps Re-nick, son of Mrs.Scott Renick, of Winchester, andMiss Kathryn Williamson, of Paducah. The wedding will take placein Paducah late this fall. They wiUreside in Winchester.Miss Williamson is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. E. Williamson, andis a gill of striking beauty, one ofthe most non ular membeis? of Paducah society. Mr. Renick is a nephew i if Mrs. .lame? Duucan Bell andB. M. Renick, and a grandson ofMrs. Wm. H. Renick, of Pari?. Thegroom-elect has a large circle olfriends and acquaintances here.SPECIAL CAR TO THE ROOSEVELT SPEAKINGA specia1 car or cars will be runfrom "Paris to Eexington via the interurbau rne on next Friday to thespeaking at Woodland Park Auditorium by Democratic Vice-Presidentialnominee Franklin Roosevelt.These earn will go direct to the Auditoiiuni, avoiding all unnecessary orvexalions delays. T-b" round triyfare from Paris will be $1.05. Tickets good to recurn on ary car iv.the afternoon or night. The carswin lAnvn Paris in ample time toreach the Auditorium for theontinn which hGnns nromptly autwo o'clock Friday afternoon. Asection will be reserved especiallyfor Bourbon county people, the location to be :i talked by a large banner beniing the words 'BourbonCountv." The city and county willsend an old-lime Democratic delegation to greet the Democratic nominee. -cWILSON WILL TAKE PART INCAMPAIGNPresident Wilson will participateactively in the Democratic Presidential campaign when "the proper tim-?comes, it was stated atthe White"House. He piobably will not niakoany speeches, officials said, but willconfine himself to statements oncampaign issues, particuarly "the"Leasue of Natidns.The Pi esident is keeping iiv touch-with the campaign through thenewspapers and party leaders. Whilehe ha not- received formal irivitation from Democratic headquartersto take part in the campaign WhiteHouse officers said he conFidered ithis "duty to do so as a iihember of5:30Tomorrow, WednesdayJ.WARREN KERRIGANin "$30,000"A wonderful romance on the trail of avanishing bank roll.A3soJOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers"Theserial.sensationaland TopicsREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSStanton Rummans, clothier, purchased of Mrs. J. U. Boardman. hehandsome home on. Seventh street,for $9,000. The sale was made privately through the Mitchell, Moreland & Mitchell real estate agency.Mr. Rummans and family will moveto the home rbout November 15.' Mitchell, Moreland & Mitchell,real estate agents, sold privatelyyesterday morning for Harvey Hib -ler,of Midway, the home of the lateAirs. Emily Hibler, afr the corner ofMain and Thirteenth streets. Thepurchaser -as Matt Maloney, ofCarlisle, who takes imjmediate possession and will occupy it as a home.This residence was sold somo timeago at Master Commissioner's salefor $9,075. The sale made yesterdayiealized a handsome advance overthat purchase price. Mr. Moloneyis a brother-in-law of Joseph andJames Conneil, of Paris.Japan plans to spend enormoussums during the next few years inthe construction of a deep sea harbor for Tokio.Cost of paper brings leather to the Robt. Berryn.an, Winchester, vicefront as a substitute in the making president; Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick,of bhoes. . j Paris, secretary and treasurer.SCHOOL SHOESOF QUALITY FOR BOYS AND GIRLSSpecially Low PricedMothers, now is the time to buy your School Shoes atour Money Saving Prices and have the boys and girlscorrectly shod at economy pricesExtraordinary Values for This WeekBoys' Sturdy School hoes, every pair constructed to stand hard wear, made in Englishlasts as well as broad foot form styles, a$5.00 value. Sizes 1 to 5 1-2.?TPEC,L $3.49Boys' Extra Good Wear TanEnglish Shoes.Sizes 2 1-2 to v6 'at-.Sizes 131-2 to 2 at.Little Gents' Tan and Gun Mstal Shoes, extragcod quahty $4.00 values, sizes 10 to 13 1-2.SPECIALAT$2.99LASTFinal Clean-Up Sale of All RemainingOxfords and Shoes. Now on sale atalmost half price.Paris' Greatest Shoe7sOOscientific mysteryof the Day"Gregg's Orchestra PlaysPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, Scp( ember 28Roy Stewart, in Zane Grey's greatplay, "Riders Of The Dawn;" Stuart Hol,mcK and Frankie Mann innew serial, "Trailed By Three;"written by Charles Dazy, author of"In Old Kent.icty."To-morrow, Wednesday, September 29 J. Warren Kerrigan, in"$C0,000;" Joe Ryan and JeanPaige, in "Hidden Dangers," Topics of The Day.Thuisday, September 30 MadgeKennedy, in "The Truth;" MackSennett Comedy,,. "Fresh From TheCity;" Pathe News.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand nightHIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALLAt a meeting of the Central Kentucky High School Athletic Association, held in Lexington, the football schedules for the coming" seasonwere made out. So far the onlygame scheduled for the Paris HighSchool team will be played at Lexington on October 30. wi,th the Senior High School team of Lexington.The Association elected the following officers for the year: Prof. Chas.Skinner. Lexington, presidenf. Prof.EXTRA SPECIALAT.and Gun Metal.$4,95$3.99SPECIALATWEEK!Look .themover.DAN COHENStoreWhere Beautyand Economy Reign-?-,to 1 0:30Thursday, Sept. 30thMADGE KENNEDYin "The Truth"Try as she might she couldn't give upthe telling white lies. Then one day shewas discovered. What happened? SeeMadge Kennedy in ''The Truth'Also Mack Sennett Comedy"Fresh From the City"and Pafche NewsAfternoon and EveningSTOCK, CROP, ETC.James M. Caldwell, of Bourboncounty, purchased twenty-four headof black Polled Angus cattle fromWm. Mclntyre, of Fleming county,at eleven cents a pound, for delivery about October 15.THE $14,000 FUTURITYAt Lexington, October 5, the Kentucky Futurity ($14,000), the drawing card of that day, promises to beone of the greatest racs ever Avitnessed; for it is 3-in-5 to a finish,the only 3-in -5 event of the year forcolts of that age, (which jmeans thatthe very festest and gamest only willstart.) And amongst those almostcertain to start are not only SisterBertha 2:06r4, Arior Guy. 2:05.Voltage 2:064. the trio that jflnished one, two, three, in that desperaterace (for $6,000) at Columbus lastTuesday, but also Dayster 2:06.Great Britain 2:07H, Lucile Harvester 2 -08i4, Natalie the Great2:08, Signal Peter 2: 08 ',4, EmmaHarvester 2:08, Miss Ellen Todd(210 on 'i half-mile track), andSan Andreas, a frequent winneramongst aged horses on the half-miletracks And there are others; butthe above look the best and are almost certain to mako the field.Tl?5S975HRMisses' and Children's Gun Metal-EnglishLace Boots, also broad toe form lasts, $4.00values, all sizes 9 to 2.S2.99Misses' and Children's $3.50 button and lace'School Shoes, all sizes.ft1: $2.49Misses' and Children's $5.00 values EnglishLace Boots in vici kid, gun metal and tan.$3.49- S-2&JIaftheparty.f , ,y "--i j "He-r if-VKH.;- $-, s i V"?f "w;i-Vmm&&z-.iz&iL. ' ' -. --K.-!.. srH-wrfV.5?2";t&jlSfXrT?Sj-'5- - &&&& -iiSi$Q;---3fe;v-' Ym- ; ,- &-v-v ---fe"Ef.i"j:-?6gjZL-VX'Jt3tw.. r;L, .-i--?&.. .&., .- i