f b'. f. - f " kpfiutllHtc-vTHEft. ':' .i.V to",- HtA-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,K';JVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON. COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 192Q4. -v.,j r w f" a ' 1 'v w v. -..-r - - L i'-.' " - r . .: r-v SU' s -; 4w3-C-?, - V-:, -is t -vHV -r-b?'. - IT,- ' "-W v-tVC5" - Jrifefia5i.- ---sr: ir- - v' tafctfWpPBOURBON NEWS4 VALTJABIE SUGGfESTION TOTOBACCO GROWERS. suggestion that maj' lielp tosohe the problem of redeemingspoJd tobacco was given a few daysao to Mr- Newton Mitchell, Superintendent of the Paris Water Co., byhis brother-in-law, Newton Gay, ofVoodford county.Mr. Gay, in conversation with Mr.l fhell. remarked upon the upsgnd -downs of tobacco situation in.Cential Kentucky, and particularlytiu damage wrought by the "rust"ariI "wildfire." He stated thatrv-.indfoid county growers hadsought for some time to find a remedy for the conditions confrontinglicm, but in vain, nothing morefcible than the old-fashionedcliartoal heaters or other kinds ofaitificial beat proving available.One day lecently: Mr. Gay determined t) do some experimenting. Hetook a "blizzard" fan blower, suc:iIS i used in filling silos, and placedn in liis tobacco barn in a convenient position close to the crop ofwet tobacco. The current of airfrom the blower played i.pon thesurface of the tobacco dried it outthoroughly in a few hours andHon-nspd it from the effects of theaccumulated dust and lhoisture. Besides saving his crop in this way theer-present danger of burning thelain by using coal or coke heaternwas obviated, and good results obtained: Mr. Gav stated that the plan hadneon adopted by a number of Woodford county farmers and tobacco"Towers, with gratifying and profitable results. He gives the suggestion to -he Bourbon county farmersits worth v of a trial. The experiment costs but a trifle and the benefits to be derived are great.NOTED SIRES ARE EN ROUTETO XALAPA.The steamer Royal Prince of .theFurness Line, which was due to saisfrom Havre on Sept. 19, will bringa distinguished collection of bloodstock to the Port of New York forvarious American owneis. Thenoted sire Nogofol, which" gave tothe turf Hourless and other greatpei formers and which is consignedto Xalapa Farm, having been purchased by Edwaid F. Simms recently for a reported price of $150,000,is one of the collection.Joseph E. Widener, of Phils del -phia,has six well bred mares whichwill join his otheis in. Kentucky.John Sanfoid will be represented byihree yearlings purchased . by hijiiixself in the English markets, andthere will alsc be the $25,000 yearling filly by Prince Palatine, out ofFrizette by Hamburg, which wassold to an unknown customer a fewmonths ago by the American jockeyFrankie O'Neill.Bud Fisher, the' cartoonist andcreator M "Mutt and Jeff," has purchased Prince Pal, the 3 -year-oldwith which J. W. McClelland hadIjopes of winning the KentuckyDerby last spring, and Hasten On,from the Xalapa Farm .of E. F.Simjms, for a price said ,to be $35,000. Prince Pal was purchased lasspring from Kenneth Alexander byMcClelland for $25,000.COLORED THIEF DID WHOLESALE BUSINESS.AUTO ACCIDENTS EIGUREDATS NEWS.IN-o-NOTES OE THE SCHOOLSConstitution Day" celebratingthe one hurdred and thirty-thirdanniversary of the adoption of theUnited States constitution, was appropriated served last Friday afternoon by the Jemima JohnsonChapter D. A. R. and pupils of theParis schools. The program wasrendered in the Paris High Schoolauditorium in the presence of alarge and interesting audience.Dr. Dorothy Stimson, Dean of theDepartment of History at Transylvania College, delivered an address,bringing out some interesting factsconcerning toe U.'S. Constitution.A frapied copy of the constitutionwas presented to tne scnooi uy .Virgil Gaitskill on behalf of the D,A. R. chapter. Miss JosephineFithian accepted the gift on behalfof the school and the Senior Class.Miss Ellen Blanding, of Lexington, rendered a number of "pleasing musical selections. Miss BlancheLilleston presided, and Rev. WalterS. Cain, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church, delivered the invocation.BOURBON GUN CLUB SHOOTThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirregular shoot at The club groundson last Friday afternoon. A goodcrowd was out enjoying the sport.A new Western trap which isthrowing targets perfectly tiue hasbeen installed, and from now on theboys' scores will improve. In fact,theyJiave already improved, as thefollowing scores will show. Thosebreaking 20 or more out of 25 shotat were:Clarence Kenney 22, 25.Amos Turney 22, 23, 24, 24.Ray Taylor 21, 22, 22, 23.Vol. Ferguson, 21, 22.W. K. Ferguson 21, 23.Aylette Buckaer 20, 23, 23.Sam Clay 20, 22.R. C. Ruggles 20, 22.W. W. Kenney 20, 21.Sam Weathers 22.Wm. Ardery 22.J. W. Bell 22.Robert Ferguson 21.H. M. Roseberry 21,N. F. Brent 20.Dr. William Kenney 20.Douglas Thomas, Jr., 20.j. W. Thompson, Jr., 20.Shooting starts promptly at 1:30p m. every Friday afternoon, soplease try and be on hand early asthe afternoons are getting shorter.Visitors always welcome, especiallythe ladies.Judging from inquiries and reports .received by the Paris policedepartment, Jeff Johnson, colored,arrested here some time ago byChief of Police Link and PatrolmanLusk, must have been doing awholesale business in his line. Fromnearly every small town in this section of the State have come reportsof losses of merchandise, which it isbelieved fell into the hands of Johnson and his gang, the members ofwhich are yet to be located.On Friday Chief Link and Patrolman Lr.sk went to Claysville and ai rested Dennis Jonesand Emma Hariis, both colored,charged with being accomplices ofJohnson in pnany of the robberieswith -which he is credited, and withassisting in disposing of the goods.The officers are of the opinion thatJones is the man who engineeredthe inside work in robbing theHarry Simon department store sometime ago. ' Johrson denied takingpart in tbis, but admitted that, hehad helped in carrying the" goodsaway to a place where they couldbe held awaiting final disposition.Ben Fiver, who conducts a largemercantile sloie" at Butler, washere recently, in conference withChief Link in regard to the possiblerecovery of goods wh'ch were stolenfrom his store. Mr. Fryer told theChief that tbere was hardly a storealong the .line of the Louisville &Nashville,, in Central Kentuckythat had not suffered from the depredations of what is belieed Jo boan organized gang of thieves, ofwhich Johnson is believed to be theleader. Merchants from a numberof other places in the State havebeen heie interviewing Johnson,and enough information has been secured bv the officers to -warrant theassertion that they rcvill soon havein custody the entire gang, and recover the greater portion of thestolen goods. A nujmber cf promising clues which will -undoubtedlyconnect Johnson with the robberieshave been secured and are beingfollowed up.iATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERSWill have additional quantityCoke about September 22nd.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Edward Quinn, of Fergusoni street, L. & N. engineer, received aMEETINGOE THEBRIGADEORPHAN LEXINGTON RACES OPEN WITHCBIG ATTENDANCEPreparations are about completefor the 37th annual reunion of themessage Saturday from Livingston, JDrphan Brigade meeting on Septelling of the serious injuries sus- timber 30 and October 1. and everj--lumeu oj nis Drowier, jummettQuinn, of Livingston, in an automobile accident.Mr. Quinn, m company with.4Chas,. Rice, of Livingston, and a mannamed Welshy was en route in amachine from Mt. Vernon to Livingston. When at a point on theroad between Livingston and Mt.Vernon, the machine struck a largerock lying in a rut in the" road.The machine swerved from the road,overturning, and plunging over asteep embankment. Rice was -pinned under the machine, sustain-ing serious injuries. Quinn's hipwas smashed and he was otherwiseinjured. Welsh was slightly injured. A passing autoist picked themen up. Messrs. Quinn and Rice,tothe Mt. Ver-DEAD MAN'S IDENTITY MAY BEESTABLISHED.?&KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSEarly FaUShowin,ofThe identity of the dead man whowas killed near K:seiton some timeago by jumping, from an L. & N.passenger train may now be established, due to the efforts of CoronerRudolph Davis o locate relatives.A detailed description of thi man.together with a photograph taken ashort time after his death, wasgiven wide publicity through thepress. As a result it was discoveredthat he has relatives living in Detroit, Mich.. They were communicated with. Inquiries made by Coroner Davis developed that the man'speople are well-to-do, and that thedead man had a good-sized bank account in Detroit.Coroner Davis received a letterfrom Maj. Neville C. Fisher, formerly of Paris, now an attorney inSt. Louis, which read as follows:"I received the photograph andclipping you sent me some time agoof the unidentified man killed inyour county. I submitted these tothe son of the (man 1 am trying tolocate, but they do not rebemblehim. I am greatly obliged lor tnetrouble you have taken in this matter."were takennon Hospital, where they weregiven imedical attention. Rice is abrother of Walter Rice, who waskilled here several years ago by Oscar Johnson. Quinn is an engineeron the Knoxville division of theLouisville & Nashville.While driving in her machinedown Limestone street in Lexington.Sunday aft oi noon, Mrs. Sinon Glaspie, of Millersburg, ran into andknocked down an unidentified negroboy. The injured lad was taken tothe Good Samaritan Hospital, whereit was found his skull was fractured. The authorities have been unable to learn his name. Mrs. Glaspie told the officials that the boydarted from the sidewalk to thestreet in front of her machine befoie she could stop, and that the accident was unavoidable. After theaccident Mrs. Glaspie drove to tnepolice station, where a charge of assaulting with an automobile wasplaced against lier.A young woman believed 10 reside in Paris miraculously escapedinjury Sunday afternoon about 2:15o'clock when the roadster antomobile in -which she is said to havebeen driving at a lapid rate left theLexington-Paris road eight (milesfrom Lexington, rolled down an embankment and pinned the youngwoman under it. She was soon released by passing motorists, towhom she lefused to give her name,and was found to be unhurt. A relief car towed the car to Paris, Sunday night, after it had lain, wheelsup by the roadside all Sunday -afternoonand aroused the interest ofhundreds of passersby.thing points to a successful andhappy meeting of these old veteians. Paris 'and the people of Bourbongave to these "old heroes the grandest ovation in 1892 ever given themin the history of these reunions,and these old veterans, remembering the lavish hospitality of thatevent, nre anticipating a like reception on this occasiori, whichpromises .equally gratifying andhappy results.This will be a reunion of the Orphans for the transaction of business, but all Confederates of thecounty are invited to be guests forthe 30, on which day the banquetwill be given.All arrangements and detailswill be completed this week, andthe people of the city and countywill once more do themselves thehonor of maintaining their reputation as the "reunion city of Kentucky." PREDICTS DECLINEON PRICESOE TOBACCO.,4sSuitsCoats' - Dresses ; 'SkirtsResumption of the tobacco production and trade in Europe, unfavorable foreign exchange rates,bad shipping conditions and generalEurdpean turmoil are cited as reasong why the outlook for resumption of American tobacco tiade withEurope is a dark one, by G. Q.Tuck, who has just returned fromEurope, where he has made an extensive survey of the European tobacco market and conditions thatexist there."Every manufacturer in "Europehas plenty of tobacco on hand," Mr.Tuck said. "There are three copsof Java and Sumatra tobaccc heldback by the war, now being marketed in Amsterdam."In Mr. Tuck's opinion there .'.small prospect for the huge tobaccotrade enjoyed by America during thewar to be resumed, and as a consequence he predicts a drop in marketprices for the weed in Apnerjca.'High class tobacco of the 1920 cropshould sell at good prices, he predicts, but not at as good prices as ithas brought for the past four or fiveyears.SHOCKINGCARD OF THANKS'j-3&Fall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and Batiste;: ' WaistsJust Received .AFRANK &;,C,G.' - LADIES' WTFiTTERSWe wish to express our heartfeltthanks to our many friends for theirkindness and sympathy during theillness itnd death of our belovedso-n.v Willard. We earnestly express in words our gratitude to you.May God's richest blessings restupon you always.J. T. TUCKER AND FAMILY.oSIXTH DISTRICT CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONVENTIONMiss Minnie Pherigo, of Lexington, was elected president and Miss jElta Davis, of Frankfort, secretary!at the session of the Sixth District)Christian Endeavor Convention atiCentral Christian church, in Lexington, Saturday.Talks were made Saturday byRev. R. R. Murphy, of Winchester;Mr. Lawrence C. Little, field secretary; Mr. Allen Huber, Lexington:Miss Elizabeth Per.Ji, Frankfort, A.L. Boatright, Paris f Harold JtfcGregor,v Lexington; Miss MinniePhorigo; Lexington; E. E. Gotherman. .Lexington; and Rev. T. S.Smylie, of Paris.A feature of the Sunday programwas the address of Dr: A. V, Fortune in the evening. There was ajunior rally Sunday afternoon towhich the juniors of all churcheswere invited.Delegates were in attendancefrom Cynthiana, Georgetown, Paris,Cai lisle. North Mi'ddletown andLexington, and most interestingand instructive programs were beJng given. Luncheon and dinnerwere served to" the visitors at EwingHall, Tjransylvania College, bothuiya. iY. M. C. A. NOTESBooks for the Y. M. C. A. reading room are beginning to b-jbrought in and arrangements arebeing made to begin this pew featureot or. pnrlv date. The Y. M. C. A.will be glad to accept at any timeworth-while bopks for the readingitable. Parties deciding tc donatesuch books" will please communicatewith one of the secretaries or offi-cers.A meeting of the Bourbon CountyHigh School boys was held at theY" building Sunday afternoon at2 o'clock for the purpose of organizing the Bourbon County Hi-'iClub. Following the business meeting Dr. TJ. S. Henry gave a talk onhis trip abroad. All High Schoolstudents and employed boys of HighSchool age of the county are eligible to membership in the Hi-i Club.tiip Paris ministers have approved the idea of a church athleticleague and steps will be taken atonce by the Y Physical DepartpieritCommittee to organize a church indoor baseball league. Ths teams willbe ma.de up of those identified withthe respactive churches. SecretaryHarrison has had considerable experience in organizing such leaguesnri hAiiPVPs- such a league will bepopular in Paris and increase theinterest f tho young men here mchurch life. Those wishing to playon their church team should handtheir names to their pastor.I -oSTAKES EVERY DAY A'i:Isn't it shocking and disgustingto be all ready to start on a tripand find you can't get a shock fromyour batteries? Get the Exide Battery habit and this will not occur.The Bourbon Exide Service Stationwill keep your batteries alwaysready wth that hot spark that willstart you off right quick.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STA-209 Main Street Phone 307.The fail meeting of the Kentucky sJockey Club opened Saturday at xh.Lexington track, with a big attend- ,ance. Bourbon county was wellrepresented both in the grand standand the betting sheds. . One of thesurprises of the day was the easyvictory (if Millersburg, owned by S.Kenney Nichols, formerly of Parie,which romped hopne ahead of thefield to the tune of $61.20 in the $2 -mutuals.It was a bad day for ,form players, but those who used'their own judgment fared very wellwith tne fickle goddess of fortune.A number of box parties were entertained by box holders, all enjoy-irig the "sporr of kings" to the veryfullest. Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, of Paris occupied theirbox, and had with them for a partof the afternoon Editor Swift -Champ,of THE NEWS. Mrs.Champ vas a guest of Mrs. Thos.Cromwell for the afternoon. In Mr.and Mrs. Meredith Geary's boxparty were Mrs. James B. Woodford,of Paris, Miss Mary Bacon Harrisonand Miss Lida Clay Ingels. Mrs.Catesby Woodford, of Pans, entertained Mrs. W. Overton Harber, ofRichmond, Mrs. John Yerkes andMrs. Laura Wiggins, of Paris, andMiss Mary Holloway and Mr. Davenport, of Florida. Mr. Overton Che-.,nault and his son-in-law, Mr. JamesW. Thqmpson, of Bourbon "county,were in Mr. and Mrs. James H.Thompson's box. Mrs. Thompson'srecent illness prevented her from attending. 7 oMASON & HANGER COMMISSARYROBBED OE $1,000.At the noon hour Sunday when,the commisary departjment of theMason-Hanger Contracting- Co., on.the Xalapa Farm, near Paris, wasclosed temporarily a thief effectedan entrance through a window, andbreaking open a trunk in the office,secured $1,000 in currency and coin,which had been left there.The trunk had been used forsome time as a depository for funds,in lieu of a safe. The thief, eyidently aware of tlrs. picked theaoon hour as the best time for abstracting the money. Ihe city and.county authorities, as veil as tnoeenf cmrrmmdmsr towns, were notified.The thief left no clue. The thiefpassed up a large sum in Mexicanmoney, which had been deposited iaa box with the other money, receipts of Saturday and "Sundaymorning.oOPENING DAY EEATURESLEXINGTON TROTSATThe 'Walnut Hall Cap ($3,000)and the Futurity ($7,000) for two-year-oldswill be the opening dayfeatures at the Lexington trots, October 4.BIGLEXINGTON TROTSWE KNOW HOWREALECONOMYLovers of racing will be at theLexington trots October 4 to 16 abig stake every day.oAUTO THIEF -LOCATEDChief of Police Fred Link leftvp.stprdav for 9 point in woitecountv to bring back to fans uei-mar Alexander, a young white man,wanted here on a charge of stealingan automobiles nSeveral months ago young Alexander came to the home -of CharlesArnold, a North Middletown farmer, and asked for work. He wa?taken care of .and stayed on the placeseveral days. One morning he wasmissing. So was Mr. Arnold's goldwatch and auto. Late that nightMr. Arnold found his machine nearthe garage, the tires having beenslashed with a knife. Through persistent effor.U. Chief Link locatedthe. young man at a point m vvoiiccounty, forty miles from a railroad.To reach his prisoner Chief Linkwill have a forty-mile ride horseback over a' rough rdad.oNIIVIATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do Ml now youmay regret It.r l r . .k. vrsnri thtGREATEST COM ' EACE q? PEESH "Z'uf. Below tK" ' ..Pi?-, .- . demand. " '.Te Kentucky Puturity f$14VoO0) l ,Clljtfln 122-1-at,Lexington, .Oct. 5 the fittest BOURBON LUMBER Cv..1 coltrace of theyear., ;: $ $ JMjprihtO ! , " t 'X ' 1CLOTHESIEAL economy in clothesconsists not in spending the least - possibleamount of money, but in get-' ting the greatest possible. amount x of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that .aremade of all wool fabrics,. firmly woven and full ofwear.f? Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing with,quality and value.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREV OUTFltTCRS TO MM . rA. w- 'J " " JiAfcii' jpu vjzmmmmA-.JkZLjifflr t iJHgtV d . rr ., w w-.jp ': .uA'-r. .j-' ".- 'SMf.-Karz:.- .,.vlx ttMEU2m.s-.-.rf' i&s' .' VV - -?( ' - --!L.?'?." V1 :?.'" - i- Y .7 ."-,. . w r " tKENTUCfcf r-v;a1 ..f''"-.SIPTEXMR 21;"-VPAG TWOBOUkBON NEWS PARIS,UK.y-fr4-i! . -,v J 'THE &IHEBOURBON NEWSttafcihed 188139 Years of Con-turaous Publication.jNfcHiked Every Tuesday and Friday.lYear. .$2.00 6 Months, .$1.00, Payable in Advance.9WSST CHAMP, Editor and Owner.t3Kterdd at the Paris, Kentucky,Peetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.):HE EOEEIGN REPRESENTATIVES. 3few York American Press Asso-mtit a.fSacago Lord & Thomas.:PiHadelphia-N. W. Ayers & Son."" Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Caeinnati Blaine-Thonipson Co.Xoiiisville Stark-Lowman Co.Ay erroneous reflection upon theiftutr&cter, standing or reputation ofwtkjf person, firm or corporationMcSi may appear in the columns ofSJHE BOURBON NEWS wille gladly$&rrCted if brought to attention of1fo editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perteteh for first time; 50 cents per inchpscfe subsequent insertion.Ifceading Notices, 10 cents per line-4M& issue; reading notices in blackU&&, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Otrig of thanks, calls on candl6tee, obituaries and resolutions, andatellar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseaMBts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedtei6cline any advertisement or otherscatter for publication.Announcements for political officesttt invariably be accompanied byht cash. ,DEMOCRATIC TICKET' For Presldtnt,Jamee M. Cozf of Ohio.u Wot Vic President,ZTrnitlin D. Roosevelt, New York.TTor United States Senator7. C. W. Beckham.3For Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.1" hereby announce inyelf as aididate for the Democratic nom-Nation for Sheriff of Bourbon' Qmmty at the Primary Election inAiust, IS 21. When electedIfceriff my Deputies will be "Bob"s key and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.X. ED BEDFORD, candidate forStter iff of Bourbon County, respectArity' solicits your support and inence. Payid E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Qputies.FOR JAILER"We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the r.fillersburgjrcinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnJ5pster) as a candidate for Jailer of3teurbon county, subject to the ac-, -Horn, of the Democratic voters of ttenty. Sir. 2Iahar respectfullyaelicits -the support of the voters" fc is candidacy.- " Sd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a canNla4;e for Jailer of Bourbon uounlif, subject to the action of the Demcratic primary,FOR TAX COMMISSIONER., " "We are authorized to announce-AS. H. MORELAND, of Paris" Pre-fect No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,-iritk ATRGIL "TUCK" Barton, otMillersburg, as Deputy, subject toe-action of the Democratic votersC Bourbon county., -We are authorized to announce,XHN J. REDMON, of the North3fiddletown precenict, as a candi-" fete for Tax Commissioner of BourKw county, with THOMAS TAUL,t Paris, as deprty, subject to theation of the Democratic voters ofJfcxitbon county.TORDEPUTY TAX COMMIS-RTmsiT7!T?Ben Woodford, Jr., will make themoe for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionertoh Bourbon County, subject to theljnn of the Democratic party.(TERBIFHCE EXPLOSION SHOCKSGOTHAM, FINAHCIALCEKTER,NEW YORK, 'Spt. 20. A mysterious explosion in Wall Street,near Broad, believed by trained Department of Justice and police investigators to have been caused by aninfernal machine, rocked the heartof New York's financial district atnoon Thursday, leaving death anddestruction in its wake.At least twenty-nine persons werekilled, more- than 200 were injured,the banking house of J. P. Morgan& Co., the sub-Treasury and theAssay office were partially wreckedand property damage estimated inexcess of $1,000,000 was caused bythe blast.The noon hour had struck and anendless stream of office workers hadjust started pouring into the streetsfrom buildings in the neighborhood.Suddenly a cloud of yellowish, blacksmoke and a piercing jet' of flameleaped from the street outside theMorgan office.Then came a deafening blast. Amoment later scores of men, womenand children were lying prostrate onthe ground and the streets were covered with debris from thousands ofbroken windows and the torn facades of apjacent buildings.Two minutes later, the stock andcurb exchanges, the financial pulseof the world, had closed. Panic andconfusion reigned in the heart ofNew York's financial district.Thousands of clerks and stenographers fled in terror from adjoiningstructures. Scores fainted, fell andwere trampled on in the rush. Meanwhile, the noise of the explosionwhich was heard throughout lowerManhattan, and across the river inBrooklyn, brought thousands of thecurious to the scene.The few police on duty in the district were unable to cope with thecrowd r and a hurry call for policereserves was sent to all downtownpolico stations.Sub-Treasury officials, fearingthat an attempt might be made torob the building, all the windows ofwhich were broken, requested assistance of the military authorities atGovernor's Island and a company ofsoldiers was sent to guard the institution. Hurry calls were ,also sent to allhospitals in the downtown sectionof New York, and scores of ambulances were soon speeding throughthe narrow streets.' Dressing stations were established in the lobbiesof buildings nearby, where the lessseriously injured were given immediate treatment.Evidence tending to confirm thetheory that the explosion was causedby a bomb or other infernal machine came from several sources.Chief Police Inspector Lohey reported late today that he had foundevidence to justify the conclusionthat the explosion was caused by ahuge bomb loaded with T. N. T.trinitrotoluel reinforcqd with ironslugs fashioned from window-weightbars. Pieces of these slugs werefound in several adjacent structures.This type of weight bars, a closeinspection by police and Departmentof Justice agents disclosed, is notused in any building within a radiusof several hundred feet from thescene of the. explosion.Warning that radicals planned arenewal xf bombing outrages weresent less than a month ago to allEastern clients of the William J.Burns Detective Agency, accordingto a statement by Mr. Burns, whosaid he was convinced that today'sexplosion was a premediated attackand was not accidental.Mr. Burns, who said he had beenengaged by the Morgan firm to makean investigation of the accident,stated that his personal investigationconvinced him that a wagon containing a bomb or bombs was left infront of the Sub-Treasury buildingwith a timing device so fixed as tocause it to explode precisely at noon.No trace of the driver of the wagonhas been found, he said, and addedthat in his opinion the man escapeda few moments before the explosionoccurred.Five members of the Morgan firmwere in the building at the time ofthe accident. Thomas W. Lamont,Dwight W. Morrow, Elliot C. Baconand George Whitney were in a conference on the second floor of theBroad Street side of the MorganBuilding. They ware shaken up bythe force of the explosion, but allescaped without injury.Junius Spencer Morgan, son of J.P. Morgan, head of the firm, who isnow abroad, was at his desk on thelower floor when the explosion occurredl It shattered the glass partitions of his office, showering himwith fragments. He .received slightcuts on the hands and arms.NEW YORK, Sept. 17. DistrictAttorney Edward i Swann, Clref Police Inspector William J. Lahey,George Lamb, Division Superintendent of the Department of Justice;William J. Burns and other investigators united in the conclusion tonight, after many hours of" investigation, that it was a bomb plot.These men declared their beliefthe outrage was perpetrated by aband of anarchists who fashioned abomb weighing at least 100 pounds,attache a time fuse 'and took it bytruck to the financial district.Large amounts of stocks andbonds, most of them nonnegotiable,disappeared after .the explosion.Their value was estimatea oy one.brokerage firm as possibly reaching$60,000,000. 'Love Tokens,a New Guinea woman falls Inwitk a' man slie sends a piece ofto .als sister, or, u lie has noto his pther. TJien the ladyi H mceh'ee the strhig tells the faY vinp 4lan tfee particular woman-is iae rnrtM Mtabe known soon after learning of "theexplosion that it 'had started acheck-up. of known - radicals and oftheir operation during the last fewdays.In addition William J. Flynn,Chief of the Bureau of Investigation,was sent to New York from Washington. Flynn is the department'sexpert on radical activities.Reports reached the departmentof the explosion soon, after it occurred by long-distance telephone fromits New York office. Officials jumped to the conclusion that it hadbeen a plot and that night they letit be known hey had heard nothingwhich would change this originalopinion.David F. Houston, Secretary ofthe Treasury, also refused to accepLthe reports that the -explosion wasan accident. He said every precaution would be taken to gaurd theTreasury here until it war learneddefinitely what was the cause of theexplosion. H also said the SecretService of the Treasury was working on the case.At the Treasury reports of thedisaster were received almost as soonas at the 'Department ot Justice bjAssistant Secretary Gilbert, whotook them to Secretary Houston.Summing up the reportb, Mr.Houston said "windows had beenbroken in the Assay Office and Subtreasury "and that the Assay Building had been damaged. Only oneGovernment employee was injured,he said.Mr. Houston's fiist action was tosend from Philadelphia to . NewYork, Ray T. Baker, Director ofthe Mint.It was understood this action wastaken because officials wished ar.immediate investigation to determine whether bullion or coin ineither of ' the Government buildingshad been lost.Mr. Houston said Thursday thevaults had not been touched.The Department of Agriculturesent David H. Price, explosive expen, to New York to, help determinethe cause of the explosion. Mr.Price is head of the division whichinvestigates and studies grain dusrexplosions.In the meantime redoubled precautions will be taken to guard theTreasury Building.Resumption of war-time restrictions were said by officials to be under consideration, which would meanthe closing of all the doors of thebuilding except one, requiring ofpasses for admittance and the placing of extra guards on duty.WHY SHOULD REPUBLICANS BESHOCKED?WASHINGTON, .Sept. 20. Gov.eminent officials maintain a growing suspicion that'the explosion inthe heart of New York's financialdistrict Thursday was the result of aplot and not an accident. TheymaintainedMhis . suspicion, althoughthey were without evidence thattheblast was not accidental as fiist reported from New York, and severaldepartments based their activitieson it.Justice "let itn ;j The DeaSrtsment ofvWhy should the Republican leaders pretend to be shocked by Governor Cox's charge that they arelaising an enormous campaign fundto buy the Presidency?" .significantly asks the Maysville Bulletin.They were not shocked when Sena-,tor Newberry was convicted andsentenced to ten yeais in the penitentiary on a charge of spending lfortune in bis campaign; theyneither asked Jiim to lesign from no'threw him out of the Senate. Theywere not checked at millions spenrin the piimary campaigns of GeneralWood and Governor Louden, but thislatter vas a moral and not a legaloffense. Only when the oftensecharged might come within theprovince of the criminal courts dothey seem to display a pretense ofresentment. What has Decome ofthe claim that the G. O. P. is the"party of great moral ideas?"oTHE ABtSE OE ATHLETICSIt 'ought to be a source of satisfaction to have your boys excel in.athletic sports. Yet there is alwaysdanger of over exertion in sqmesports callmg for intense effort.Doctois who have examined contestants after Marathon run competitions" have found many of themshowing signs of serious kidney andother disturbances.Doctors lay down the rule thatexercise is building up the body justso long as it gives a feeling of exilaration. When that ceases, it istime to quit. College and highschool boys who are just gettingtheir growih should remember thatthe heart and lungs may not haede eloped as rast( as their legs andmuscles, and are frequently unabl-3l;o stand a strain to which a robustbody looks equal.oA mctor-operated capstan andj-pring buffer coupling have been in7vented by a Parisian for towingheavy tiailers behind automobiles.For Rent, Nicely furnished rooni on Lilleslon avenue for lady swho ill become companion for elderly woman.Rent cheap to the right party. CallCunibei land Phone 230.U7-tf)Clerk WantedWe want at once an experiencedgrocery clerk. Call in person.THE PARAKEET MINERAL WATER' & GROCERY CO.,Cor. Tenth and Main Streets,17-tf) ' Paris.Paris, Ky.For SaleOne 1917 Model -Ford Sedan.One 1918 Model Ford Sedan, Demountable Rims.One 1917 Ford Coupe.One 1919 Ford Touring Car, selfstarter; demountable rims; cordtires, and Duplex bodya bargain.One 1919 Overland. TquringCar,fine shape, and -several others.R. C. .RUGGLES MOTOR ,C. "... .. ny-WantedNight operator. Good pay to theright person.PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TEL-GRAPH CO., Incorporated.(14-3t)LOSTAutomobile tire and rim waalost off my car Friday somewherein Bourbon county. Reward for return.DR. WM. KENNEY ,First National Bank Bldg.(14-tt)LostBetween Fscondida and Clintonville, an automobile casing, for Siltertown Cord tire, 32x3 in. Reward if finder returns same.R'. S. DARNABY, t. (10-tf) .Clintonville, Ky.Lumber For Sale -We have about 4,000 feet, moreor less, of lumber for sale, wreckagefropn lumber shed, consisting ofdimension lumber, boxing, sheating,etc. Will sell the lot for $80.00.JAS. M. TEMPLIN,At Mrs. Templin's Paint Store.(10-tf)Feathers For Sale.A large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.Make A Flower GardenAnemones, pink and white,chrysanthemums, in unusual shades,and floxplante, for sale.MISS LELIA B. CLARK,1605 South Main St.,Home Phone 516. Faris, Kj.(172t) NFree CindersCall at Ice Factory for all thecinders you want free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cunberiand phone 7, or Homephone 42S. ,THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.WELDINGATJTO KEPAIRING AKTDERAL MACHINE WORK. -GEIT-HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)NOTICETOCreditors and Debtors!All persons who have claimsagainst the estate of E. F. Clay,deceased, late of Bourbon County,are hereby notified to send in thesame to the undersigned, proven according to law; and those indebtedto the estate are requested to makeprompt payment of the same.BRUTUS J. CLAY, vBUCKNER CLAY,Executors of the Estate of E. F.Clay, Deceasedv(7r3twksjEXCURSIONCincinnati, -and returnvv . via$2.35 La & N $2.35Sunday, Sept. 26, 1920Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m., returning, will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ci'.y Xime- Fov further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.INTEKURBAN SCHEDULEA.ICARS LEAVELexington For.PansA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:208:5010:2011.501:202:.504:206:007:209:1011:00A. M.k. M.A. M.P. M.P. M.M.M.M.M.M.A.A.A.P..P.P.P.P.P.P.P.P&ris TorLexingtonM. 6:45M. 8:15M. 9:45M. 11:15M. 12:45M. 2:15M. 3:45M. 5:15M. 6:50M. . 8:15M. 10:05 xM. 11:55Keep' this Door Open TooMr. Merchant!Would you lock one of ryour doors for theprice of a- telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe, the customer who wantsto telephone youan order will wait until thatdoor is open again but maybe he won't!If your present equipment is often in use,you might make a profiton another telephoneor "trunk" or on even 'several more; a goodmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same num-ber, using any of your lines that is idle when3rpu are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on thetelephone. Think it over. N"At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.(Incorpoiated)J. J. Veatch', Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiimiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimWilliam K. Haqan G- ybNAv.cniTjE.CTs &- EngineersPaei. Ky.nzyr national bankiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniim. (x) Daily except Sunday.-pnyiKaq? TRAcmoir, jotor.a ict)JiXm rWit JIIDUR-.'of all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.minMiiiunu.7ITHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar' because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso-if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so .simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can'safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank' Row,- Paris, Ky.J&,nLvJj 4"OCAtJTAoHcoisWcA-11OTAL COMPANY21?f.IT"!vt- -54n.: Stf. -fVit 'fc.?. -, -f'l.JA.;s$" i-ee-TUESDAY. SBPTBliBER " HiS, ' -' '. ' '- .' ;:&ffi1bjH4' " ' ' " ' V.?-' .I. . . , . . . w -, rf k - - if. $ - j i -f fc' X? VnB A.KbbbbVbbbbbbbb rT . . i J ' ' 'gqeagyibbbV inva bbbV flvLI .11Pneumoniay often followsNeglected ColdKILL THE COLD! -CASCARAfef QUININESfcOMUfcStandard cold remedy for 20 -yearm Dict iorxa sate, sure, noopiates Dreaits up a cold in 24nours relieves grip in 3 days.money oact it it tails. Thegenuine box has a RedP with Mr. Hffl'tpicture.At All Drug StmrJy. II nil jf tcWAIL DELIVERY AND SCHOOLTRANSPORTATION'Some of the rural life experts atWashington have solved the bigidea that $30,000,000 cost on ruraldelivery could be saved, and ruralschools improved, by ccpbiningthe rural mail delivery with theiransportation of children to central graded schools.At first thought most people-would say the scheme vould notwork. The children have -to begathered in at a fixed hour each.morning. The mails coment different times of the day, according astrains run. If the carrier stoppedat each bouse to deliver mail, itwould take the children all day toreach the school house.Still there would be an economyin using one vehicle and man fortwo purposes. Anything that pro.paotes central graded schools shouldimprove educaton.oThe surface of the earth in onegeographical mile "falls away" ordeparts from a straight line 8.01inches.Catarrh Can Be CuredCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System. HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE destroys the foundation ofthe disease, gives the patient strength byimproving the general health and assistsnature in doing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.(adv-sept)v r " - -vn SBRHrHTER,-1,EVENINGSJ tV-ZWHi vf-S fJust HistoryIn '76 vThe Colonial DaineSnun her clothBy Candle flame. 'In 1860VIn Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How 'time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.flncorDoarted)inX1K1XTkfflleaf?'oomXI2 Mrs. Geo. Ellis, Proprietor1IxIXXIKIIXAnnouncing the openingof a modernTea Room ,Regular Meals,Light Lunches. , rSalads, Sandwiches,- Coffee, Tea,Milk, Etc. 'THEELLIS TEAIIXIROOMMOpposite Otftrtf OTDKWEAKER EVER DAY"It seems almost too good to" betrue that I'm free trom my awfulsuffering and no longer have to layoff, from my -work,' said C. E. Glass,of 1736 Fifth street, Huntington,West Va., a well-known boiler-mak-erfor the pest seventeen years in theemploy of the Chesapeake and OhioRailroad Shops."Before I found Tanlac," continued Mr. Glass, "I was in such a badfix I had to stay away from the shopsfor days at a time. I had scarcelyany appetite, and suffered teKriblyfrom indigestion and dyspepsia. Immediately after eating I would become so nauseated that I couldscarcely retain a thing on my stomach, and it left an awful burningsensation in my chest and throatthat made my cough until I wouldaljmost .strangle. Gas formed on mystomach, bloating me all up andpressing up through my chest untilI could scarcely breathe."I was badly constipated, sufferedfrom terrible headaches and dizzyspells, and had an awful taste inf mymouth. Rheumatism settled in myneck and left side so that I had towalk with my head ,to one side, andcouldn't even raise my left arm o.'put on my cellar. I was so restlessthat I could not sleep scarcely anyat all, and would get so nervous thatjust had to get up and walk thefloor. In the mornings I felt soreand tired all through my body, andwas losing day after day from mywork. ."I saw a great many statementsfrom suffering people all over thecounlry praising Tanlac for what ithad done for them, so I started taking it myself. Well, I have onlytaken three bottles now and am justas sound as a dollar. My appetite isjust fine and my stcpnach is in perfect condition again. I no longersuffer from indigestion or dyspepsiaand am frt-e from bloating, shortness of breath, constipation, headaches and that bad taste .in mymouth."The rheumatism has left me entirely, and I can now walk with myhead up and get about as well as Iever could. I sleep fine all nightlong, am back on the 40b every dayjust' as legular as a flock and thehardest kind of work doesn't seem tctire me."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)WHAT'S DOINGIN POLITICSThis week marks the first Invasion,of Kentucky by Democratic speakersof national reputation during the present campaign. v.At Louisville Monday night.Mrs. Geo.Bass and Mrs. Borden Harriman addressed a woman's mass-meeting atPhoenix Hall Park. It was the firstwomen's political rally of any size everheld In Louisville and also marked thefirst time that women vice presidentsserved at the gathering. .Mrs. Bass, who lives in Chicago; isthe first woman ever to wield a gavelduring a national convention. For ashort time at San Francisco she relieved Chairman Joe Robinson of hisduties. 'Mrs. Harriman is nationalpresident of the Cox and Rooseveltclubs."WILDIIRE" REACHES THE ENTIRE BURLEY REGIONFirst results of the preliminarysurvey of the damage done by "rust"and "wildfire" hi the Burley region conducted "by the temporaryorganization of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Association indicate thatpractically the entire region is moreor less affected by the diseases. Estimates of the dajmage in the various counties range from 50 to 5 percent. John W. Newman, in a shortreport issued Wednesday, says thata safe estimate as tjwhe damagethe entire Burley cnMfhas sufferedis 25 per cent. m"There will unflpubtedly be cgreat quantity of the present cropthat, when cured, will show theeffects of 'wildfire and 'rustr " thereport says. "To what extent thebuyers will discriminate againstthis kind, of tobacco remains to beseen."COMMON WITCHHAZEL FINEFOR SORE EYES. ,It is surprising how quickly eyeinflammation is helped by commonwitchhazel, camphor, hydrastis, etc.,as mixed in Lavoptike eye wash. Oneelderly lady, who had been troubledwith chronic eye inflammation formany years, was greatly helped intwo days. We guarantee a smallbotle of Lavoptik to help ANY CASEweak, strained or inflamed eyes.Aluminum eyt cup FREE.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO."' (adv)"CORNS"Lift Right Off Without Paint I ImUJJJDoesn't nurt a bit! Drop a little"Freezone" on an aching corn, m:etantly that corn' stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents,sufficient to remove every hardcorn,soft com,, or -corn between- tlie toes,and. the calluses, without sorwiesary 41-11 trflnn "WtJUliWUVUI,- '(adv-'Another star of the "big-time" cir-cult was brought to Kentucky thisweek In the person of Mrs. IzettaJewell Brown, who is spending the entire week in the state. Mrs. Brownwas Izetta Jewell, the actress, andmade a seconding speech for he nomination of John .W. Davis, at the SanFrancisco convention that moved thebandmaster to play "O, You BeautifulDollj," Mrs. Brown is a speaker ofrare magnetism and was the best ateither national convention.Charles H. Brough, former governorOf Missouri, is booked for Winchesterand Lexington on September 22 andfor Harrodsburg and Shelbyville the23rd.fi.'VIThe influx of speakers from the national speaking bureau will be followed by others. Franklin D. Roosevelt,"the Democratic vice presidential nominee, who-is proving such an attractivecandidate to the independent voter,will speuk in Kentucky on October 1and 2. One of the speeches will be inLouisville and two others will probably be made by him In Central Kentucky. Gov. Cox will make the state on thewincjup of his long tour according toadvices from national headquarters.Jouett Shouse and Senator DuncanFletcher of Florida will also speak inthe state.Senator J. C. W. Beckliam and Congressman Ben Johnson have pledgedthe support of the women of Nelsoncounty. Both are sons of that countyup for re-election.Senator Beckham is on a two weekstour of the mountain district of thestate. He has always been popular inthe Republican stronghold of the slatebecause of legislation enacted duringhis term as governor clearing the landtitles to property ripe for development."To the Republican machine 'Votesfor Women' means votes for coloredwomen," says an editorial in the Louisville Evening Post. "Now that theballot has been given to all women, itis assuming far too much to believethat the white women of Kentuckywill not use it, but will allow themselves to be represented by the 75,000colored women of voting age in thisstate."During six years In the UnitedStates Senate Warren G. Harming hasmissed 1,163 roll calls. He was not absent from Washington, but didn't wantto be recorded, so spent his time in thecloakrooms "trimming." A slacker inthe Senate, it is unlikely that he canbe regarded as a man for the WhiteHouse.Registration days In cities of thefirst four classes should not be forgotten. The. first day falls on October 5and where enacted by ordinance thenext day is also a registration day.Wlile a Congressman and a candidate for Governor James M. Cox worked vigorously for the adoption of theprevent Ohio constitution, regarded ason of the most progressive In thecountry. Harding the reactionary opposed it and when it was adopted declared "Ohio has cast off her moorings; the Revolution is on." The utterance was typical of Harding's attltude toward all progress.BOY ORATOR WILLCAMPAIGN FOR COX4 hIBHhHARRIS G. WHITTENBERG.Something new in the speaking linewill be offered Kentucky citizens whenthe Democrats nut Harris GilbertWhittenberg on the stump later in hecampaign.Whittenberg is'the fourteen-year-oldson of Dr. and Mrs. Jesse I. Whittenberg of Jefferson county. His fatherwas former county health officer.Young Whittenberg has made an intensive fetudy of y the League of Nations and delivers a clear and interesting oration on ,this subject. He wasformerly a page in the Kentucky SeneLO BUVl4SU ilie, C1VV11VU UtU.Ci"HOLEY Jofes" SEEK TcT'CON-.TR0L COURTS. -WASHINGTON, Sept. 2t). Acommittee was appointed Wednesdayat the Anti-Saloon League conference here to draft a resolution warning Federal Judges that unless, they"perform sacredly their sacred duties," in enforcing prohibition lawsthe league will seek their impeachment. ." The cqmmittee was named by theRev. P. A. Baker, general superintendent of the league, after speakersat the conference criticized FederalJudges for alleged laxity in metingout punishment to those v convictediw. uaviug viuiuieu me proniDluonamendment and enforcement law.Charges were made that certainJudges had "coddled bootleggers andmoonshiners" and that - prohibitionlaws were being made "a farce," insections, by the light punishment.Wayne B. Wheeler, general counsel of the league, declared that thewarning to 'the Federal Judiciaryshould be "clean-cut" and a noticeto all that official" obligations mustbe observed.There also were attacks on theInternal Revenue Bureau for the issuance of wholesalers' permits.The charges against FederalJudges were precipitated by a statement of Atticus Webb, Texas LeagueSuperintendent, who told the conference that certain Judges in hisstate had been releasing "knownbootleggers" with fines of $100, andthat such sentences had put all suchviolators on notice to return to theillegal traffic."Certain of those Judges coddlethe bootleggers and moonshinersdown there," Webb declared. "Arrests have been followed by lightfines in scores of cases and, the criminals have gone back to make more.It is a serious situation, and one thatall persons believing in proper lawadministration should pay attentionto."Baker told the conference the wayout of the situation was a "revolution in this Judge business," andnamed a committee to draft the organization's policy resolution.The conference was warned byPeter Schreiber, district superintendent of the league in Toledo, Ohio,that their revelations were "only providing munitions for the wets," andurged that such criticism be held tothe minimum. The reply received achorus of "No. let's tell 'the wholetruth."Criticism of the Bureau of Internal Revenue were made by SamuelWilson the league's attorney in NewJersey, who declared Governor Edward J. Edwards had "made good' onhis promise to have his state as "wetas the ocean." He said that enforcement of prohibition laws was"at low tide" in New Jersey, because of a steady flow of liquorthrough permits to wholesalers issuedby the Federal Government."You cannot dry a morass," hecontinued, so long as streams flowinto it. And the United States Government is letting liquor flow intoNew Jersey through wholesale permits, "which we Ere powerless tocheck."The conference in 'its discussionsevinced a determination that thenext Congress be made "dry and keptdry." Speakers expressed the fearthat "the power of the wets, is notentirely downed," and unless a majority is maintained in Congress favorable to rigid enforcement it wassaid, the prohibition code may bechangedAdministrative officers, it was indicated, also will be brought withinthe League's program, several speakers asserting that in a great manyinstances administrative officerswere not functioning to the satisfaction of the ,drys. The proposal wasmade that the League "build -firesunder those who betray the trust"of their appointment. The opinionwas expressed that liquor interestsmight seek to defeat the aim of thelaw by obtaining the appointment ofofficials, who "would wink at certainkinds" of violations.aIIaASPIRINIIIOff To SchoolBut to Wolf, Wile & CoJs FiistWith school opening, there comes the problem of xnew clothes tor children. But this is not a hkrdHproblem if you bring them to this store to be clothed1for right now stocks are brimful with everything! fcjm the tway of children's apparel; garments witHstyle,Tcorrectnessofdesignand distinction of models. You'll find every item better made andxa money saver. -CHILDREN'S GOAT SPECIALISTSThats what we call ourselves. We sellcoats of the better kind. Very exceptionalvalues.CHILDREN'SSWEATERSOf select woolen yarns, fashioned in thevery newest models and made to stand thehard school wear,CHILDREN'SDRESSESSister's life wouldn't be complete withoutthese new Fall dresses for girls.JlCHILDREN'SHAThey'll tuck a lot of learning under them.An individual collection of smart headwearfor school girls in the new Fall colors.Wolf, WileLexington, KentuckyCo.xitt;1X1a&HHSName "Bayer" on GenuineJpvgjis gen-. "Bayer Tablets, or Aspirin'ume Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed bv nhvsicia.nRfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions "torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)' ; wAM I EIGHT?When I am the Editor-I'll print a newsy sheetSmall enough to hold and readWhile walking in the street.Opinions, "of&" and .commentsI'll put my pencil through,And only print what I can swearOh oath is really true.I'll, censor .every trade ad,And "classified" as well,I'll print with ink that will notspnudge, ' ,Offset,, diy or smell;Aud sell the sheet, as less, than cosH13- iAnd Now we are Making, Contracts 0 ForFallPaintingOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we have "ever had, and it bids fair to- belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.. NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure with .you now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!, Fall is the proper time to do,outside work. Protect vourhouse from the winter weather - -with'paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399?5HimiuttSt5-s-s--gBggt;iJTilSPARIS, KENTUCKYMK8iaidisai:isKiMJiJi8a3isiaA,a..ni.j4iJij.iABiHWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet" RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of soner. the rawrbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deen i?tiTi ' II 'Voice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. le fClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally that :you have but to close your eyes and wander down the trait 3of yesterday. . v 3The Claxtonola, The Ideal Home Phonograph .T. W. SPICERJU. I Anrl Vim t hsfllr -t.rV.rwr. raarl T M ' MllMeTafgT t. - .. f"lr " Sf'vv.ii, ?" ""j w"- ""tuau, v mmn -. upp.traiHT.iiiufiftrnf tliankc tn fhovlHAla tnra that' won TXTTron T am 4d. etAtinyJl n M . v m . - t ' MBBavaaW'. w ....- w vw .-s.ww.w.v WW .. w IIUVU '. CU41 1.17 2VlXbW. . -- . BB . .v . i - " & .1 - . W- "i?mam J . ; , . - - r. '(adv-T-tr) mm nmdr applause -.,-- v t (You.n rWrvei. Edo . ,v . mmmmKmmmmammmmmammmmammtm,i'Mirv-."...--.the bourbon nAw, pams, -smmxi.-!C-i7112a.v:M- - , -TUESDAY, SBPTCHmCB 21,'.Vwr;I." .- - ' ' V .. 4 -, - ., EDITORIAI PLINGS OF THIS,. a- THAT TEN" 'TOTHER. .- No -one bijt a grumpy old Parisbachelor would attempt to predictjJiow the women of "Paris and Bourbon county are going to vote. Amarried man is willing to bet theydon't know hemselves.An American scientist tas discovered that among other ihings yeast'can be used to produce a goodpiuscle-building tonic. We alwaysunderstood that a few drinks othome-brew would make a man thinkle could lick a whole woods full of. wildcats'Speaking of politics, who canquestion a men's patriotism whenlie is willing to spend twice what-the office would pay him for themere opportunity of running for it.eo that he "may serve the people?" Quit your laughing!While the Washington authorities are sending out a lot of bigtalk that they are going to do someihing to put down the cost of coal,the dealers are busy doing something to put the cost up and theyare more . successful than the Grov--vernment!4$,.A Paris shoe dealer tells us that"tight money" has led tc reductions in the price of shoes. Buteven price will never solve the problem of tight shoes. Only slowaccretion of common sense, aidedby the dispensation of a mercifulProvidence can accomplish that.When we were younger it wasfrequently impressed upon us thattop much candy was bad for us. Begins to look as though that health -bringinglesson was to be learnedby the sugar barons. If, as a result, their girth should be diminished wcr take- pleasure in assuringfhem that it will be better for them. and better for everyone else.One of the Mexican laborers atthe Xalapa Farm near Paris says, Mexico is a land where there aremillions of quiet people asking nothing more than to be left alone.Since it is not of the cemeteries hespoke we are constrained to believe that people who travel see onlythose things they wish to see andcarry their atmosphere with them.The colder we get this winter thehotter burns the fire below for thecoal profiteer, who ought to have a. special dispensation to cairy hisworldly possessions with hijnl to keepthe fires going after he reaches hishereafter. Start with the mineowner, the producer, and come ondown the line, from start to finish.Give them all that's coming tothem!,Eddie (for purposes of the storythis is sufficient) is one of the brightyoung students at the Paris HighSchool. Eddie was asked very recently by his teacher, Miss L' to use the word "gruesome" in asentence. Eddie came back withthis;: "The boy went to CampBoone with the Paris boys, andwhen "lie came back his -motherfound that he had gruesome.". - A Paris housekeeper went on a3 cook-hunting expedition the other" day in Claysville and liuckerville.This is a very popular diversionnowadays. The lady made a housetOThouse canvass of Claysville. Atone. place where she made inquiriesshe was met with a facer. The colored woman whom she asked, said,"Cook out! No ma'am! Why, Isend my own washin to de whitefolks' "laundry!" Can you beatthat?'Several wagonloads of measlylooking tobacco passed up a- sidestreet the-other day en route to abarn somewhere in the city. Aspectator remarked; "That tobaccoreminds pne of the approach, of thetobacco market season. Those guysare going to get a hard fall thisyear. The rust, rain and wildfire have played havoc this summer.I'm sorry for the tobacco growingtenant has a hard time. Then againthe Paris tobacco markets mean a,.great deal to Paiis merchants." -'OUR CAIEDIIXATEThe great Democratic conventionvf made no mistake in nominating Jas."M. Cox as our candidate "for President. . He is a man who has hoed hisown row. Three times he has been-elected Governor of Ohio, a Republican State. If this had happenedonce, or even twice, it might be saidto be a mistake, but to receive theendorsement of his home people. three times if certainly a certificateof character and efficiency. Further. more," his administration of the af"faiis .of that State shows that he ianot only a man of great force andbroad vision, but that he is an ex-ecutive who has the courage to face" public problems and to solve, themin the interests of the people. He isa man of his own mind. He is notafraid to meet the people and tellthc-m' what he thinks. He does notsubscribe to the doctrine of negation or o? dispair. He is a strongman. He strikes the line hard. Heis a leader of men, a pnan uponwhoni we can rely in times of ourKHin'trys peril. If elected he will bethe President of the United States.oUEXIIGTOM'S GREAT TROTS 0C-TOBER 4 TO 16.The, Qumberland, the yearjs greatbttle for pacers, will be decided atcaiuiuii, iuiuuci o. uiaigaici,Dill, Juno and Princess Mary,4kfi Mar winnora rf tha voor nfn: .juneff the eligible?..." TJi. VF. I.HV. J V-U.4 , M-ixDEATH ItHfGS "30" FOR VET-URAK PRINTER , .' . . 7 v 'TFollawinsr an illness- of severalmontas AiajQi- iranK. uonvin ieamling, 65 years old, for many yearssuperintendent of The LexingtonHerald's composing room, wellknown labor leader and former candidate for City Commissioner, diedat his home, 230 South Limestonestreet, in Lexington, Thursday -nightat 7 o'clock. Death was due to acencerous condition of the bladder,with which he had been a suffererfor some time.Major Learning was a native ofOhio, but had been a resident ofKentucky for about 30 years, and in.many respects he was distinctly aKentuckian. Although he had (neverbeen connected with any militaryorganization, he acquired the honorary title of "Major," which clung tohim through life, -and as such hebecame a familiar figure in Lexington newspaperdom. He wss thedean of the Lexington printers. -Major Lemming's first "sit" in theprinting business in Kentucky wason thev old Louisville Journal, ofwhich George D. Prentice was thepresiding genius. In 1894 he cameto Lexington to accept the positiones foreman on The Lexington Transcript, and when that newspaper wasmerged ir'to The Morning Herald,he continued in that capacity. Withfho PYrpntion of about a year, spentat Elmira, N. Y., where he went toaccept a similar position on tne ia-per of Milo Shanks, former Ken-tuckian, Major earning tummucuwith The Lexington Herald until hisretirement a short time ago on account of ill health.Genial, kind, optimistic and always a gentleman in the true senseof the word, Major Leaiming wasgreatly- beloved by his friends andbusiness associates and the news ofhis death will be heard with genuineregret by all who knew him.Besides his widow, Mrs Ida E.Learning, he is survived by onebrother, Charles C. Learning, of Urban a, O. ' Funeral services were heldat the John Mil ward Funeral Home,Friday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,Rev. Father William T. Punch, officiating. ' Saturday morninjr the bonywas taken to his old home at Wilmington, O., for burial.Robert S. Porter, Paiis correspondent of the the Lexington Leader and Sherman H. Stivers, representing the Lexington Herald's Parisbranch, attended the funeial.TAXPAYERS IMPORTANT!The 1st of October is drawins verv near,! and I those of youwho have not attended to listing your taxes had best takewarning snd attend to this immediately, as we are expectinga large rush toward the last andyou may not be able to getwaited upon. You. will pleasegive this your attention and letus see you immediately.Yours truly,WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDiVlON; Deputy. Z(sept21-tf) ,oINFLUENTIAL REPUBLICAN PAPER REPUDIATESCANDIDATESDeclaring that Republican leadership in the country has brokenfaith with the rank and file of theparty, with the Ajmerican people asa whole, and with humanity everywhere, and that the Democraticplatform- offers "peace, lastingpeace, buildeci on the justice of theGolden Rule, which humanity ispraying for," the Norristown, Pa.,Times, a Republican newspaper,since its founding in 18S1, announces that, in accordance with the dictates of conscience, and in the beliefthat 'it is doing a partiotic and humantarian duty, it cannot do otherthan support Cox and Rocsevelt forPresident and' Vice President.The Times' denunciation of theRepublican platform and tactics hascaused a sensation in this Republican stronghold. It sets forth that'for the sake of gratifying hate theRepublican leadership would pas.sover the glory of American boys onthe bloody stretches of France andBelgium, breaking faith with thosewho returned, as well as those whodied."Republicans are charged by theTimes with premeditating (murderof the treaty, dishonoring the word,"Americanism, and ignoring the sentiments of the people of the countrywith their double-faced platform."The League of Nations is endorsed,and it is contended that, with theassistance of ihe United States, lasting peace will be crystalized intoactual fact.EOR THE CAUTIOUS BUYERSWe recommend our $5G suits-'we stand back of them.J. Wl DAVIS & CO.NEWPORT PASTOR WILL ENTERNEWSPAPER HELDRev. Thomas Wall is Rainey, fora number of years pastor of theFirst Presbyterian church, Newproi,dent. He is a- man who has hoed hisa position as editor of the Lexington Leader. Dr.Rainey has beenwriting editorials for the last monthfor the Lexington paper and Anallyconsented to accept the offer? Acongregational pneeting has beencalled for next Thursday evening,when the resignation will be presented. The Rev. Mr. Rainey wasgranted leave of absence during theWorld War to serve as Y. M. C. A.Secretary at Camp Sheridan, Montgomery, Ala., and upon his return Iiiuaie 'cuiiuiiutii uuties in a, siiuiiuicapacity for the Y. M. C. A. at.Queen City hut, . operated in con':.. - . si;- .5V. V f TVC T n4- fln Ijimuuuu )Y11U lUG J. Ai. X., U.I jiix- 1cinnati-.. if.RELIGIOUS. !!!The first meeting of the fallwill be held t by the MissionaryAuxiliary of ,the Presbyterianchurch in the 'church parlors, this(Tuesday) afternoon at threeo'clock. Mrs. Cockingham, President of the Synodical, will be present. A social hour will follow theprogram. All the women of thechurch are requested to be presentat this meeting. ,PARIS BANK CLEARINGSr- f 'An increased business activity inPans mercantile circles was. shownlast ' week , by the .weekly clearingsreport from the four financial institutions of the city. The reportshowed an increase of 6,616.47over that of the previous week.Farmers and stockmen reportedtrading sopnewhat lax, althoughthere were a number of big dealsmade involving the transfer of feeding cattle. . There was considerableactivity noted in the building trades,with all kinds of labor . busy atgood wages. The report follows:First National $142,265.70Bourbon - Agricultural . 191,729i61Farmers & Traders .... 80,508.91Poeples-Deposit. . ... .. 24,9,528.17Total '. ..$664,032.39Increase over previousweek $6,616.47oSTORE CLOSED TO-MORROW OHACCOUNT OF HOLIDAY fMy store will be closed all day to-jmorrow, Wednesday, September 22,on account of Jewish holiday, YomKippur, "The Day of Atonement."Do your shopping to-day.JAKE ELVOVE.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,shipped to the Cincinnati , marketsSaturday one carload of butcher cattle, and one of hogs. Prices forhogs and cattle are slightly higherthan for some days past. There iaa steady demand in the marketsfor good breeding ewes. Horses andmules are slow and the prices arolow.. There is little demand forthem, as the Southern marketshave not yet opened up. 'Honors for the best fat cattle atthe State Fair held in Louisville lastweek were carried off --by Bourboncounty men. Clark & Young's herdot eignteen white-faced Herefordcattle took first premium on herd,first on six best head, and first onsingle steer. These cattle averaged1.500 pounds a head and sold for$18 a hundred pounds. Henry 3.Caywood's herd of eighteen blackcattle, averaging 1,516 pounds, took'prepnium on herd, first on six besthead, and third on individual steer.The cattle sold for twenty .cents apound.oTRAVEL THE STRAIGHT PATHThere is but one way to travel inthis world and keep out of troublehere and hereafter.The right way is thestraight way.A business concern, a political party,I a, club, a faction", a church, a newspaper, cannot be crooked in one policy and honest in another, and survive happily and in prosperity.A man or a company of men cannot wink at misconduct in 'one instance and expect to "come clean" inothers. Nothing is better than thevery source of its existence.In ,these days of extravagance,frivolity and downright profligacyin places both high and low, inParis as well as in all other cities,those who dance must pay the fiddler if not to-day. some other day.Drinking, gambling, joy-riding ofevery description, always presentbills to somebody. There is no escape from it."Turn to the Right!" "TravelStraight!" No man is too big, noman is too small to neglect thesedanger signals these days. Bewareof the "influential citizen" whothinks he can bo clean on one sideand foul on another.His advice is unsafe, his examplefilled with disaster.NEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST. xGet the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They will saveyour gas bill.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.oALLEGED WIFE DESERTERTAKEN-TO LOUISVILLEDeputy Sheriff Robert M. Gilkev.on Saturday morning placed underarrest at the Xalapa Farm of E. F.Simms, near Paris, a j'oung whiteman named Clyde Ormes. The warrant, issued in Louisville, chargedOrmes with deserting his wife andyoung child. He was taken toLouisville last night to appear incourt.PIE. SUPPER AT. THE BETHLEHEM SCHOOL. ,A pie surper w)ll be given Saturday night in the Bethlehemschool building, for the benefit ofIhe school lityrary. Miss MariettaBell, teacher, and pupils, extend acordial invitation to'the public toattend".cNEW AUTO OWNERSThe Gibson Motor Co.; local' agentsfor" the Studebaker caf& sold anddelivered to Frank Williajms, of thecounty, a Light-Six touring car."oOne reason why the 'country's insuch a ferment is s.the amount ofhome brewing "that's .going on.,STATE MEETINCr TJ D,AT Rsrlclll RnilUMS "CYNTHIANA. TO-MORROW: 4, CK 111 DU91HC1 More than "roow'omen of "the' '.We are again located in-the farKentucky, chapters of the United 'niture, business to Park'naDaughters of the Confederacy will be found in the Dow Bunding, opattend the annual meeting Wed- posite the Windsor Hotel. Get tonesday ,and Thursday, September gether all your second-hand furm22 and 23, in Cynthiana-. ' ture, stoves, carpets, rugs, etc., andTo-hieht the Jo Desha Chanter.of Harrison county will give a reception at the Presbyterian church.The first session of the conventionwill be held in the sapne church",and the program includes a welcomeaddress from the president of theJo Desha Chapter, 'Mrs. Lamme S.Givens; a welcome on behalf of theWoman'3 Clubv by the president,Mrs. William G. Wigglesworth ;greelirigs from Mrs. William G.Talbott, of Paris, and the presidentgeneral, Mrs. Roy McKinney, ofPaducah.Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 6o'clock the Woman's Club will entertain the delegates and visitorswith a tea at the home of Mrs. J,R. Poindexter", Pleasant street.Wednesday night the Jo DeshaChapter will give a reception at"Monticello." In addition to thevisitors, each member of the chapter will invite one guest.The program at the churchThursday morning will include thebusiness session. Thursday afternoon the guests will be given an automobile drive to the points of interest, Battle Grove cemetery tosee the Confederate mounment.Crossing the old covered bridge ofhistorical interest, the visitors willbe driven to "Silver Lake." thehome of Mr. and Mrs. King Griffith,where refreshments will be served.Thursday night Dr. Matthew Page)Andrews, historian and author, willdeliver an address at the Presbyterian Church.ANNOYING AND AGGRAVATING.What is more disgusting than tobe ready to start your car and find,that the batteries -won't work?Nothing. Let us do your worrying.We can fix your old battery up likenew, or better still, -sell you anExide Battery that never fails torespond. Stop by and let us fillyour batteries with distilled waterfree.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, 209 Main Street Phone 307.NOMINATION CERTIFICATE ISISSUED TO CANTRILLCertificates of nomination wereissued to J. Campbell Cantrill, Demccratic nominee for Congress in theSeventh District, and Miller C.Hughes, Republican nojminee fcrCongress in the First District,- at ameeting of the State Election Commission held in Frankfort. Thecerliflcates were not issued at theformer meeting, as the returns fromthe districts were incomplete.The commission filled vacancies inCounty Election Board where appointees had declined to serve.fSWe ve Ever ShownWe feel that way about it, of course. Butyou don't care how we feel you want to knowwhat the best dressed men of this city say. "THEBEST STYLES EVER SHOWN" is theirverdict. ,You'll say the same things when you seethem. Everything that is new in styles latestsingle and double breasted models, strictly newpatterns and colorings in browns, greens, bluesand greys. Fancy stripes ' and club checks arealso shown.In regard to prices, we are doing our best tokeep them down. We're takingiess profit thanever before, . " .Men's and Young Men's. Suits20.00oFali Caps Fall Hats Fall Shirts$1.00 to $3.50 $5.00 to $15 $2.00 to $,15- Best Showing of Sweatersin town $1.50 to $15.00 'R7th and Maintwe thi uuy liiqm.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.Cumberland Phone 1056,A Message For You.Are you troubled with fallinghair, itching scalp and daudruff?We have a' message you you. Sendfor booklet. Don't delay.EDWARD RAYMOND CO.,33 Broadway, Williamson, W. Va.Box Candies!Wev carry, a full line of Johnston's Famous .Chocolates' in assorted Nuts," in in Cream Nut, Fruit andHard Center Chocolates. --Innovation "Assortment,-Quintette Package Supreme,Fascination Chocolates,That Package,Friad Extraordinary,Milk Chocolates,Dutch Buttersweets. ,All at $1.50 per box.,Miss Holladay's Famous Homemade Candies, in 1 and 2 poundboxes for Sundays only.Price, $1.25 per pound.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60.Paris, Ky.WareroomThe warehouse of Munich & Wides, located on Nineteenth.streeyt, is for rent. This warehouse- was formerly occupied by SternBros, and Max Munich.Any one desiring to rent same can communicate with the undersigned. This would mako a fine storage house, or could be used far to-J- bacco, ecc. Size 40x60 feet. Phone or call 370,MUNICH & WIDES. Lex(21-2t)wil lUUA "B.P. WALSHOne-Price StoreaPosition WantedBy experienced stetfograDherHas had one- year's experience itJawyers otnee. Keierence. Atply at BOURBON NEWS office.SalesmaiLWantedLubricating Oil, Grease, Paint,Specialies, whole or part time. Commission basis. Samples fiee Mewith car or- rig. Write for attractive terms.RIVERSDDE REFINING CO.,' (It) Cleveland, Ohio.Mosquitoesana ivatsHow To GetRid of ThemWe have the goods. Something entirely different fromwhat you have been using.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones.Paris, Ky.For Rent!ton, Ky.Otrovrtefet. IN.Kirschteam CompaayParis, Ky.V5x? '?'ivl&f-V3wv..,&-'a-5 Uv,ijfc-t-,"ieTUESDAY, J5EPTKMBt2i, iuo.Kt'rsbtmXWm-. ffrJtiBtrrottpfT"-vJr-r -FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE -Limitedquantity off Fall SeedBarley.1 CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.STETSON HATS.vre feature Stetsons because weKnow their worth.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oPICKLES WONT SPOILPut up your pickles with Ferndellspices and Heinz pure pickling vineEar, and your pickles won't spoil."(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o-BURNING MATTRESS CAUSESFIRE ALAM.The fire department was calledSaturday night by an alarm fromBox 24, to Eighth street, where a'jttress in a iiome occupied by atoloied fajmily caught fire. Theblaze was extinguished by a handextinguisher.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanTOBACCOMEN TO MEETSEPT. 25THONA cali for county meetings is being made hy the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Association, Saturday.Sept. 25. Delegates' will be cliosen1o the general meeting to be heldIn Lexington, Sept. 30, at whichtime the proposed charter and bylaws are to be presented for ratification. At this meeting each member lias a vote.- HORSE KICKS FARMERJames Myers. Bourbon countyfarmer, received serioas injuriesnear the Bourbon county jail whenthe horse -he was driving kicked him.in the side. The horse becamefrightened at a passing automobileand began to kick, damaging the vehicle. Mr. Myers, while endeavoringto quiet the animal, was kicked inthe side. He was removed to the"vlassie Memorial Hospital, where heas given medical attention.SOCIAL ASDfPERSONAL. 'Comings and Goings of Our .. People Here; There and yElsewhere. v.,-. Mrs, Garrett S. Jefferson is visiting relatives in Maysville.7" ' .Carl Willoth is visitingLPaf-nts' Mr' and Mrs- mesbhropshire, at LeesburgCassius M. Clay, Jr., returned tcins home, near Paris, Friday, froma protracted visit abroad.Thomas Henry Clay, III, has returned to his home in this city after a summer spent in Spain.Mrs. Calvert Meng a-nd children, of Paris, are visiting friendsand relatives in Vevay, Indiana.-Walter Monson, of Middletown,Ohio, is visiting his daughter, Mrs,John Reffett, on Fifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Wellingand faimily left Saturday to locatein their new home in Lockwood.Ohio.Miss Elsie Heller has gone 'toRichmond, Va., to resume her' position as Field Secretary of the Y. MC. A.Mrs. Fay Ardery was hostessto the members of the Friday BridgeClub at her home on Houstonavenue.Miss Lucille Frank, of Taladega, Ala., is a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. M. B. McCurdy, inthis city.Mrs. James C. Dedman has returned to hei home in Cynthianaafter a visit to her sister, Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, and family, on Houston,avenue.Mrs. Millie McCandless is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, suffering from anattack of heart trouble.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinsand daughters, Misses Mildred andMarie Collins, spent the week-endwith friends and relatives in Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Ardery havereturned from, Louisville, wherethey were guests of friends and relatives, and attending the StateX' Clll .Chandler, of Carlisle, were gueststtie past week of their son, TaylorChandler, and family, on Fifteenthstreet, in this .city.Miss Charlina Ball is entertaining as guest at the home of herler Dalby secured a deck of cards forcutting "or the consolation prize.Mrs. J. Fred Hijl has returnedfrom, a visit to v relatives in Tersailles. Mrs.' Jos. Soble, of Lexington,and Miss Sarah Lail, of Ohio, areguests J3f Mrs. Alice Barkley.Mrs. Earl Curtis and two children, of Paris, are visiting Mr. andMrs. W. W. Roberts, in Nioholasville. Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis has returned from an .extended visit to herdaughter, Mrs. C. Offutt Boardman,in Chicago.R. H. Warren, of Lexington, arecent addition to the city salesforces of the Power Grocery Co., hasmoved to Paris with , his family.They are occupying apartments inthe Pinecrest flat.Miss Ruth Barnes and Mrs.Frank M. Hill, of Mt. Sterling,motored to Paris, Saturday afternoon from Lexington, where theyhad spent the day with friends,and were guests of friends here.They returned to Mt. Sterling Saturday night.Winchester Cor. LexingtonLeader: "W. A. Thomason, chairman of the Republican campaigncommittee in Bourbon county, wasa visitor here SaturdayT He . saidthe county had been, thoroughly organized, and paid a high compli-pnan of the -women's committee, andner aoie assistants."A moonlight fete and dancewill be given at Shawhan. on Fridaynight. 'The hours will be from,eight to three. . Music will be furnished by Bruce's Sextette, of Lexington. A feature of the fete willbe a contest dance for which a prizeof five dollars will be given to thewinners and three pounds of candyto the second best.The' North Middletown Womens'Club will resume work Friday forthe fall meetings. At the initialmeeting the" following program willbe followed ' Historical Background of The Ne,w Testament: Jewish History Between The Old andNew Testament, Mrs. Ailie Smith" "V a JrRev.. M. T. Chandler and Mrs. Dickson; The Magnificent Reign ofHerod the Great, Miss Nelson Gay;Heading, neroici, ' istppson graham Phillips) Mrs. J. W. Young,Jr.The' first fall meeting, of themo w. "i i : .... j. .--.!.parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Ball, in j Miliersburg Twemietn ueniu.yv.iuuthis citv. Miss Eunice Heron, otiwas nem m uie uiuy uuuia v"EOURBON COUNTY MEDICAL SOCIETY.Drs. G. A. Cook and Lot R. Heniywere hosts at the lecent meetingof the Bourbon County Medical Society, held in Noitli Middletown. After the dining, the physicians assembled at the Masonic Hall, where theprogram was observed. A paper onnervous diseases was read by Dr.Avonia Kiser, ot Paris, which wasfollowed by a roundtabie discussionof the paper. The next meetingwill be held in Miliersburg.oFORETELLS COLE WEATHERAnother harbinger of approachingcold weather, as noted by manyBoubon county sportsmen, is thefact that squirrels are laying uptheir winter store of food. Theyare not, according to our informant,awaiting the ripening of walnuts,but are picking and hauling themaway, to be stored for winter use.This is said to be very unusual.One man told us the other daythat while walking along the banksof Stoner Creek, he came upon abunch of squirrels engaged in thiswork. He watched them for quitea while as they scrambled from treeto tree, taking to their storage housequantities of walnuts and otherfoodstuffs for the winter. The littleanimals worked unceasingly, instinct warning them to prepareahead for the inevitable cold.0ELLIS TEA ROOM POPULARWITH PUELICThe Ellis Tea Room is very popular and is meeting with a largepatronage. Light lunches will beserved from 8 to 12, and 2 till 6.The public is invited to take advantage of this popular place it ischeaper than eating at honie, especially if you are vithout a cook.Sunday night lunches a specialty.ELLIS TEA ROOM,(It) Opp. Coart House.o'DAY OF ATONEMENT" JEWISHHOLIDAY TO-MORROW.Huntington. West "Virginia.Rev. Walter V. Cropper, whohap been stationed in Paris, for thepast year, has moved to Shelbyvine,where he has been assigned to thepastorate of the Methodist chuch.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Clay Wardand Mr. and Mrs. Lucien .Arnsparger will move to and occupy theATiiiPr av Lilleston apartments onPleasant street, between Third and jFourth, just completed.Mr. "and Mrs. J. R. Mitchellhad as guests for . the week-endMisses LeonavBlanfoid and BessieNewton, of Louisville. Miss NewIon and Miss Jessie Blanford returned to school at Cardome, nearGeorgetown , . yesterday .Among the many Bourbonrmmtv neonle attending the StateFair at Louisville, last week, was amotor party composed of James M.Caldwell, Will Taylor, L. a. rumenand T. C. Hinkle, who stated ontheir return that they, "had seenabout everything that was to beMr. and Mrs. James Clay Ward ;i have returned from their weddingtrip and have gone to housekeepingin the Lilleston flat on Pleasantfctreet, between Third and Fourthstreets. Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger will occupy apartments inthe same flat.Mavor E. B. Januavy attendeda meeting of the Executive Boardof the Odd Fellows' Home in Lexington, Friday. The canvassingcommittee of Bourbon Lodge, I. 0.O. F., has raised $11,010 in cashand pledges for the endowment fundfor the Home.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis, whohave spent the summer here withMrs. John T. Hinton, sister of Mrs.Davis, have gone to Louisville andDanville. o visit relatives. Beforereturning to their home in Columbia, they w ill return to Taris for ashort visit to Mrs. Hinton and othetr relatives. .,.,,Mr. and Mrs. J. R- Mitchellentertained with a six-o'clock dinner Sunday. The guests for the occasion were Miss Leona Blanford.Miss Jessie Blanford, and Miss Bessie Newton, of Louisville; Mr. ChaW Webber, of Lexington, -and MissNell Mitchell and Mr. WilliamMitchell, of Paris.v Mr. and Mrs. W. A: Thomason. Judge H. C. Howard and Miesday afternoon, when' the followingprogram was given: Roll anRepresentative Novels; Imperishable Fiction, Miss McClintock; Hawthorne From The English Point ofView, Miss Bellf The Scarlet Letter,Mips Mclntyre; Hester Prynne, Mrs.Shannon; Selected Reading, Mrs. C.B. Smith; Hostess, Mrs. ThomasMarshall. - -The dance given in the Independent Tobacco Warehouse lat'night was one of the largest-attendedevents of the senson, andwas thoroughly enjoyed in everyrespect. a. jarge uumuw "'ety folk of the younger set fromsurrounding Towns took part. Musicfor the dancers was furnished bySmith's Sextette, the hours beingfrom eight to three. James McClintock a'nd Robert Smith constitutedthe committee in charge.R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent of the Northwestern Mufnni T,ifa Insurance Co.. vill leavethis week for Utica, New York, tojvttpr-r! an aeencv meeting, wherehe will deliver an address. Mr. Clendenin will also go to Boston to attend a .meeting of the National Association of Life insurance UnderwritprR. Returning: he will visit inSyracuse, "New York, and Chicago,!delivering addresses at both placetto meeting of agents and managersof ihe Northwestern. roTOBACCO INSURANCEProtect ycur tobacco in barnagainst loss by Fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)REMAINDERSIMON'S STOCKIS BEING SOLD OUTT3T"-.K-mGoods are being priced as, never before. '-Xlillt".'Come and get' your share ofbargains. 'the'Our store will.be closed all day Wednesday, on account of holiday. . ,' x-Srir,M5PARIS, KENTUCKYJS3 f - aptIITis Our Earnestpress Upon YouDesire tothe FactI Clara Bacon, of the Bourbon countyThe Day of Atonement or "Yom Republican campaign forces, motor-vinnnr " onli dov rf Vin ninntll nf 1 ,l OnnHmr tn ATn-rirm OblO. WherOIvinnur " fpnlli nv nf flip month of1 ishri, begins at sunset to-day, Tuesday, September 21, and ends at sunset Wednesday, September 22. s Thethought underlying the day is ex-nrPSSPf? in tlio cnrintnrnl wnrfR "Onthis day, He will atone for you, to j Republicans,mirifv von from all vonr sins." It is Ia day, therefore, of reconciliation ofman with his fellow-man and withGod, and comes as a climax to theholiday season which began Sunday,September 12th, with the NewYear's Day and continued throughthe ten days' of penitence.The Day of Atonement providesall men with the possibility of returning to God and of finding reconciliation with Hipn through prayer.The day is the most solemn of aTldays in the Jewish calendar. It ispassed in fasting and prayer.According to Jewish tradition expressed in an ancient law-book theDay of Atonement, when spent inpraying and repenting, will bringpardon for sins between man andGod, but the sins committeed by mangainst his fellow-man Cannot hepardoned until he has appeased hiiawhom he has wronged. This ideais based of the effort, always madebefore the Day of Atonement, tobring peace between friends whohave becefne estranged and are onunfriendly terms with one another.Tn thin -uraxr fhp Aav will nut theworshiper at peace not only with hiscA siiiifinv tn JVTnrion. Ohio, wherethey paid their respects to SenatorWarren Harding, Republican nominee for the Presidency. They carried to Mr. Harding messages ofgreetings from 'the Bourbon countyMisses Mary Fithian Hutchcraft. and Helen HutchcraftFOR DRllSS GOODS. ETC.. SEECHARLIE MONSON.Dress goods, - ginghams, under?wear, blankets, boots, Shoes, etc.CHARLIE MONSON.oPOPULAR OFFICIAL REAPP0INTED TO OFFICEPostmaster J. Walter Pane received official notice last week inthe shape of a telegram from Washington, announcing his reappoint-iment for a term of four years asPostmaster of Pans, lie aiso received in the mail his commission asPostmaster dated September 10,1920.Mr. Payne, during his incumbency of the office, has made a competent, painstaking and obligingofficial. Numerous improvements in"the local postal service wereinaugurated and carried forward "tosuccess during his previous term,of office. He has been especiallyobliging to the newspaper people,SALEI'jlWlVleiu jubiiiti - " , ... ---V--- ,.antnrtainri with n. luncheon- who congratulate mm -upon -ui& ic-bridge Thursday afternoor at their appointment. With the presenthome on Second street. Their tnorougniy capauie iuicc tuc f-mnthpr Mrs. p... "R. Hutchcraft. as-!nostoffice nas taKen a piuimucui.JilVbUV! .... .-- - --. , . ... . ilisted in receiving: the guests. Thehostesses were assisted in entertaining by Mrs. Clay Sutherland, MissesElizabeth Crutcher, "Nell Crutcher,Caroline Roseberry and Sara Dedman. Luncheon was served at onep. m., after which the guests enjoyed bridge for two hours. Mrs.A. B. Hancock received the prize, abedside candlestick, in Dutch silver,for the highest score, and Miss Margaret Ferguson was awarded a deckof cards for cutting for the consc-lation nrize. Misses Hutchcraft en-Uertained again Saturday afternoonwith a luncheon-bridge, in wnicnthey weje assisted by Mrs. ThomasW. Allen, Mrs. Charles May, andMisses Helen Dedman and ArtieAshbrook. of Cynthiana. -Twelvetables of players, after the elaborateplace in the postal service, and hasreceived an excellent rumis m.annroval from the Postoffice Department at Washington.o rPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday September 21.Screen adaption iof Zane Grey'spowerful ncvel, "Desert Gold;"William Duncan and Edith Johnson, in last episode of "The SilentAvenger," Pathe News.To'-morrow, Wednesday, September 22 Jack Pickford, in "TheDouble Dyed Deceiver;" Joe Ryar.and -Jean Paige, in "Hidden Dangers:" Topics of the Day.Thursday, Septetmher 23 TomMix, in "TheN Three , Gola Coins y'w. w-w .- -- j Ai.XX - "W .. , ,.--, - jluncheon rved, enjoyed bridge. J Bringing Up Father JXJomedy, "JiggsA Dutch silver oon-Don aisn was m society;" .Fame Keview.awarded to Mrs. Denis Dundon forfiresrss Orchestra nlavs afterat There is No Time Like OurSEPTEMBERi.CASHTo Secure Your HouseFurnishings at Such Advantageous Prices -We are offering a straight 20 per cent cash discountfor SEPTEMBER ONLY. This discount is taken fromour REGULAR PRICES, and our goods are NOT'MARKED UP to meet the discount. - 'BM TV-?'I ColumbiaGrafanolasare the only TalkingMachines that areequipped with aNon-SetAutomatic StopWhy not buy the best?Columbiain all the latest musiial and novelty records.In other words, THIS IS A STRAIGHTOUT PROPOSITION, four-square upone side and down tthe other!-rThere are only a few days leftof our September Cash Sale:THE J. T. HINTON CO,IKEITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AMD MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UiKtertaUn.-f t,iV.&?-AB . UX-tiaKer, dux also w,u mi.cuwu.maX.1115 tilC lai&CSL CWIC, .'D. - UUUJ1 clUU. Allfellt.IAy-- L,-fcvvx7fT J-.JsAK;Vr"JfS5Kr.A.i.1f -.T. lAtoaM.4. AS. " AV.0 TYTol. ..AAV. a.- . fwl 4-TL.?YVv-x'iV':.r- '" , ,JriC-rf,O-- & Vs4 f-ti ?,X.ricK,v-JtiX-&. 'A-t"'-Af'yPACTiTHBBOftfflblli"rss; JB BBTI . fB H.f BT, ! .&. j- - , -W " . ' ' -Jl b a mil. c b nrnTian ifTr: mr ; rLAT,,21, 192f,t.tj M!Wii,vy 'i k ' -j-t-tniVwtV?t:rtiiw.fc-MI14frfti-;B-;4v s)vVfcI. " "Middle Age at 35 or 60?Physician Explains Why Lack Of Iron In the BloodSap the Strength and Vitality and Often Makes Menand Women Look and Feel Old Before Their Time.' By Dr. Fen&nmtf Km?, New York Physvdtm and MmSctd Awthortn of cM. mgc are plainly to be een in many power to overcome tha daw priia mimi proceMa attdwoBan mho ought still to be enjoy- and keep the body strong and hratfty. Toiac tbetEM&ed health andactnrity of the early malrcap. for this deficiency I usually prescribeVKuaeofhfe. Yet oftea the rea. cause of their organic iroa like Nuzated Iron vhlch by eadedtae is aothing more than lack of iroa in the riching the blood and creatine thousands ofood and it is sorpriatng bow qakkly these con- new red blood cells helps renew the wasted tisktieM are frequently corrected once the rif ht soes and bond strength and energy to witfrkaadof iron, is supplied, stand the ravages of time. I know of so moreI am constantly comiag across cases ia my simple means by which a person can find oat iffasjstise where people iot yet 40 show aouch or his blood needs iron than by making the follow-tse-mervoasnesi.lack of energy and general ing test: See bow long you can work or bowits town condition which might possibly be far you cam walk without becoming tired. Next' usMCtffi to come tweaty years later in life take two five-grain tablets1 of Nuxated Ironml 1 others at 60 may still be yoaag in feeling, three times per day after meals for two weeks,sasatally alert with steady nerves and strong Then test your strength and see how much yonbodies. have gained, f Nuxated Iron win increase theWhether we have health aad long life is often strength, power and endurance of delicate." 's question which each oae mast determine for nervous run-down people in two weeks' time- Misnrlf Signs of old age are largely due to a in maay instances. Yoa can procure Naxatedalspostt of waste matter in the blood Teasels and iron from your druggist on an absolute guaran-afeof the body. Witaoat plenty of strength- tee of sarisfartioa or your money will be re-gmng von. ue DBoaaiucayiiiniu wBALD HEAD ROWVhat a flood of piiemoiies refer -'ence to the bald-headed rcw brings j tions are bemg Diade at the Lexup! That meant the front seats of (ington colleges for team work thisthe orcJhestia in the theatre suppos-' falL Among the twenty aspirantsed,y occupied y old ttomen with Zving rET" vS? Xyoung ideas who wanted to get as an(j county: Alex Rice, Jr., Basilclose to the footlight favorites a Hayden and Wm. VanMeter, thepossible. And, it was supposed, too, . latter a former student at the Mii., , r ,, . ,, lersburg Military Institute Robertthat women of the stage, as they Lavin? iembei Jf last year.s squaacapered about or delivered them- wjh again be with the Wildcatselves of sentimental speeches, re- squad of Kentucky University.served their welcome smiles for these Paris Hii School will have a squad,, ,. ,. ..... , . , o-n the gridiron field this fall, butgentlemen of the billiard-ball domes. the sea?on is tQQ young yet for ac.As a matter of fact, it is likely that i tive work. Candidates for the teamgood press-agenlting and comic pa will be announced later in the seapers capitalized the idea for beyond B0Iim Jits instrinsic worth. Yet nevertheless, there was a time when patronsof the theatre glijmpsed the frontrows to see if' Mathusaleh with thedesert top-piece andgrinning expanse of face was on the job. Butthe bald-headed row, as a,n institution, has passed.The movies may have had sometiring to do with it. The vampvamps for all, for the youth in the-topmost far-away balcony and for old Jage sitting there in the pit, or vice fversa. And, in the houses of the le- igitimate drama lack of hair on thepart of a patron "cuts no ice" nthe impartial smile bestowed on all Jby the capable actress. Ihe baldheaded row these days, is Action, jin New York City alone from kidney trouble last year. Don't alowyourself to become a victim byneglecting pains and aches. Guard'figainst this trouble by takingGOLDMEPALWim"The world's standard remedy for kidney,river, blcdder and uric acid troubles.Holland's national rcsaedy since 1696.Alt druggists, three sizes. Guaranteed. Ilurch: for th nunc Gold Med&I erexT boxad accept bo wkatioaSCHOOL days:School is now a matter ofdays.The youngsters will soon betrudging to and from school. tThey must be properly clothed,for they cannot do good schoolwork unless they wear comfortable and well-fitting clothes.And their clothing must bemade of long wearing materialto stand hard knocks and scuffs.We are specialists in Boys'Clothing and Shoes.Boys' Suits$7.50 to $18.50Boys' Shoes$4.00 to $7.50"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"I .TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.619 Main Streetl WOLLSTCIN, toprjtterinnuca.FOOTBALL AGAIN STAGEDFootball will soon resume its for-. er Ptige in the annals of col-' Ipp-a nnp srvrmnl snorts. Prennrn.-"DANDERINE"Stops Hair' Coming Out;' Doubles Its Beauty.tA few cents buys "Danderine.'.'After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness. ,(adv-T-tf ): OOpen Bribery.Jane had just commenced school,and the teacher nslced her a questionIn numbers which she was unable toanswer. She talked up to the teacher and said in a low voice: "If youwon't ask me that I'll give you someof my animal cracker.'The Day.The day Is always his, who workIn It with serenity and great aims.j Emerson.V-sWRgS? (c 'SAYS MAH CAN LIVE 200' YEABS'"The years pfman -shall bo threescore and ten, r or if by. reason ofgreat strength, four score," says theBible. v"Man should live to be between150 and 200 years old," says Dr.Marion Thrasherr San Franciscophysician, who lias just compiled awealth -of data showing that "mandoesn't die, but kills himself."" 'A short life and a merry one,' isthe ranting boast of a fool," saysDr. Ihrasher, who is a very younold man himself. "Why this (marvelous mechanism combining God-likeintelligence and a beauty thatsculptors have failed to imitateshould be ruthlessly destroyed isone of the wonders of creation."Wild animals, expept for accidents or the chase, live out theirallotted time; one man in a million-does."At all times there are 3,000,000people seriously ill in the UnitedStates. There is no doubt that atleast 2,000,000 could be saved fromsickness by sipiple common sense.Wars, worry, alcohol, tobacco,meat, gluttony, overwork and coldclimate are called by Dr. Thrasherthe greatest life destroyers."Meat is a poisoner. Meat-eatingIndians live to be 60 and nut andmaise-eating ones to 125 and even3 85 years of age."Worry is a big factor. Almshouses are repositories of very oldpeople, because here the worry ofmaking a living is removed. Lazpeople live longest. Very few centenarians are rich men."The only proper drinks .for maiare water and milk," says Dr.Thrasher, "while sour milk and buttermilk have well earned their reputations as destroyers of old agebacilli."War,mth is life," he says. "Thereare only 25 centanarians in Noi--ayand 410 in sunny Spain. Thenis not a single one in Switzerlandand California boasts of more thaiany country in the world of itssize." tlM)SAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyee."Easy directions in every package.I GIRLS! MAKE A . I! LEMON BLEACH !Lemons Whiten and DoubleBeauty of the Skiniii.ii.itnt.i..tiiitiiiiitiit.Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonbleach for few cents.JVIassage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin. jFamous sta-ge beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft.clean, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make thit up and try it.(adv-tf-T)oBIG POSTAL BUSINESS AT LOCALOFFICE.The month of August was anothergood one for Uncle Sam at the Parispostofficc, receipts showing, according to a report not yet issued, a continuation of the unusual businesswhich has been evidenced during'thepast three jmonths especially.Postmaster J. "Walter Payne ispleased with the outlook, and liasbegun to think the business increase is a permanent one, and thatbusiness generally is increasing.The eight hundred Mexican laborers employed on. the Xalapa Farm bythe Mason-Hanger Co. are largecontributors to the postal receipts.Hundreds of dollars are sent backby them to relatives in old Mexicothrough the money order office ofthe Paris postoffice.Itf4.4.4..-o smc.0 m, QUIT TOBACCOSo easy to drop Cigarette,Cigar, or Chevying habit. ........-t-?7o-To-Bac lias helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, just placea harmless No-To-Bac tablet in yourmouth instead. All desire stops. Shortlythe habit is completely broken, and youare better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Get abox of No-To-Bac and if it doesn't release you from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question. No-To-Bacis made by the owners of GascaretB;therefore is thoroughly reliable.oIMMENSE CROP OF COEN WITH' . TOBACCO SECONDCrop prospects indicate a production of 107,000,000 bushels of com,as against 8200j),000 bushels lastyear, and a tobacco crop of 442 -000,000pounds Jas coronal wh1 456(00,00! i pounds last -ear, acrcording to the September State cFop'BMW 1 M 1ierft'CURENESS of operation,vJ power for hard, fast travelover all kinds of roads, ca-racfcy to stand up,highestdccreeW NineteenJSoick Series.tsfo decades, Brack cn-havebuik Buick catsAce sensiblewbso look upon themotor car as a business.Each of the new models iscqojped with the Buickwfoe-m-had motor, ax,ire &msTheC.Cor.WHEN, BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMESCAPED REFORM SCHOOL BOYSRECAPTURED.Curtis Williams and Lloyd Napier,inmates of the State Reform School,at GreendaJe, who (made their escapefrom Carlisle, where they were assisting other boys from the Schoolin restoring conditions in the flooded district, were captured at Millersburg, Tuesday night,- and takenback to Lexington, Wednesdaymorning under guard..Four other membersof the squad,Henry Neal, Hanson Henley, ShirleyDavis and Ellery Arnold, who escaped at the same time, had notbeen located last night, .accordingto the officials. .The boys succeedsed in 'breaking -away, from theirlodging place in the Carlisle courthouse, Sunday night, . and hadsince leen at liberty.- Bourboncounty officials are assisting in thesearch for the missing .ones.'Daily Thought.As "unklndness has no remedy atlaw," let its avoidance be with yma point of honor. Hosea Ballon.YVo-Pspyrva Dated 11t0 B. C.A vmm feoipetry. dated 1100'JR. C. aasbeen preserved from ancient- Announcement of .E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main StreetsPleasecall at ourhear theAeolian Vocation RecordsflraduolaRecords received monthly Five hunI dredKto'fselectl from.E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.SoleAgents forParis and Bourbon CountyBU.ICK. t i lr fcT-v rvs.guarantee of power andpositive performance.With its capacity for service,Buick combines strikingbeauty. In resilience ofspring suspension and appointments that make forriding comfort the newmodels are especiallyappealing.are de-Twen txrlines forS. BallFourth and PleasantMm i. In the new Buick three pas- Jyjfl mfij sender roadster, von will ibx . j&find a car which meets every x W Inl J (requirement for sure, swift, ri Ucomfortable transportation " , M ilfor every business man. (J )X&tt2gz33m ,A i "A l . .- -!rr7wr&&rrF I sf( "T-77j- v j-- 3c '' rTi DuurDon Launaryi1 DAVIS & FUNK. Pronator IVTelephone No. 4KXIIXwfwmkWmmmThe Bourbotf Laundry"Paris,Mstore andONMachinesSts.W i v' rWest Fifh Streetsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- ITOfintJMTl loiTniTir QnrliQTlPPSmrA a-. 1 1 -rouu cApcrt neipers we aiprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.sIII-J fl f gEwHemcfSatofaxxJ JitwlmmGarageKeiituckySJI$:V -.rejpuiri.Erot:JZJi'1'fXIKrf " 7?--riy. U;rJ J , .1 ,t . .-f-x :$sw-ys':v . f -Mf -.rtlESPAY, SEPTEMBER1920.THk BOURBONNEWS,THE CHILD WITH THE HOEParis Ees-HereS 'oGoodNews PoridentsHau vcu a paki in the small oftjip ba kdizziness, nervouskpelKAreveak9An1.'jii languid, irritable and- cd by urinary disorders?despair profit by Paris ex-pencncpin-people know Doan's Ividneyve used them recommend- a Paris resident's state-r- W ,- v r" , ,, 7-'y vjT v'T ' y.1EFvi cWCJ vt -" Wi&WWBMWEBGmim. x " - ,-t - . -. -. ... k" nT - r ' -.-,-.-jai otwct nrr- u s 2 '- V ', - . -";- H;Jra f - . r - f',-' . T i, - . . Vr m . . -m -J- 7hm 1 iJT fca. - S -T I M21.i D-AITO 'vcrrmrrrtvrw - v . "..'' j. 'r' ' f fBxxvx, wuuuuii .. "-- .FAHTE nWYWH s mlOpfiii( - -jj1. I - yj & v 4b IIP TTt --yr jolin Mastin, 1439 S. Highp. -.js: "I have used Doan'sKxn Pill? with good results and7,, irom the help they gave mctry ould be ju&t as beneft-other cases of kidneyI hrd a dead, dull achee snall of my back and myictod irregularly. Doan'sill? lid me of those com-and if I should need a kid-tdv Lgain I would certain!pla.-t?iit'tp Pcan s."pr t ()0c. at all dealeis. Don't- nh .A for a kidney lemedy getDjH.- Kinney .Tins uu same tmur- MiStin had. Foster-MilburnC, M . Buffalo, N. Y. (adv) voKENTUCKY HOESES BIG WINNERS IN CANADA."Kr-ucky horses have been get-lii--tl eir share of the mo-iey inCanada.' said Dan Stewart, returning freir the northern tracks wherere" ha- string being shipped fromLexington. Mr. Stewart said tberesould nlo be more Canadian horsesthan e-T in Kentucky this year,that beginning with the Lexingtonmeet rtey wculd be more and moreia evidence. He said that the honits between the Kentucky andCanadian animals were fast drawin? to the blue grass State, sinceIheie were many of the noted northern hordes beaten to a standstill atTundsoi , Canada, by local horsesthat vtre surprises. .'"And thereirill be some more surprises," hefdded, "since the -Canadians believethey huve the best, and are puttingthem to the test. However, the newcues are no better than the old, andre have been beating the old ones,and the new ones are no faster, forjjpve een them on and off thet'k. The average Kentucky horserll be able to hold his own, andri'pn the money is counted, therev" be liUle of it north afier thom n is over."oMOTH"California Syrup of Fis"Child's Best LaxativeTAccept "California" Syrup x ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you arctare your child Is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fullfractions on each bottle. YoufcUFt say "California."(adv-T-tf)oFEWER WHITE COLLARSTrov, we read Troy, N. Y., ofcouie, not a famous city that fellfor a wooden horse has lost 4,800population in ten years. At onceihe pert paragrapher invites us tocontemplate a 'orldin wh'ch wearers of white collars are gettingI wer.Brt for once the p. p. has thefight of it. They are getting fewer.The -var made abeginning of theoislaught and, what the war start-l i, the post-war activit es havecompleUd. Theie has been andthere o nthiues steady depna-nd fortV)o who work with their handsand wo.k all the better if there's alead to guid them. No one anylonger is content to sit in an office.o yourg man with his destiny tohape elects to clerk. The banker'scareer is at a discount. Youth carget to millionairedom so muchquicker and with so much more nobility of purpose by way o an outdoor job Better a chauffeur tanl clerk, and sooner a fireman on thetailroads than either of them. Tnefcrm, the field, the forest, thefreighter even it is these that call,tot fee desk, not drudgery, not themoralizing "monotony of well-essed'Toutine.ewer vhite collais. That seems"be the way of it. It's a Jbetteray, too, a way inex mu wuuuci,BETTER DAYS FOFuture I Hopeful If Citizens of Kentucky Take Advantage of Opportunity Presented By New LawWhen Mrs. Geo. C. Weldon was asked for a statement concerning ttie newschool laws, which will become operative next November In the election ofa County Board of Education, shesaid:With the prospect before me of Kentucky's brilliant educational future, ItIs Impossible to resist the pleasingtemptation of urging that every manani woniun, whether they be parent,teacher or citizen, add their Interest,their energy and their support to theCause of Education. Muy our glorious State not hold back, but by Itseery act add Impetus through lncraslng interest In our school system.MRS. GEORGE C. WELDON,President of National Congress ofMothers' and Parent-Teacher Ass'n.Kentucky has sunk discouraginglylow Jn the educational scale,' but thepresent thoroughly aroused interest ofthe State at large in schools is encouraging and will do much toward pushing us upward. We belong near the itop. We must make a place for our-!selves there and hold it against alltime.Q'he provision in the new school lawfor the election of a County Board ofEducation in each county seems thebest solution of the problem of ruralveducaton. Therefore, ray appeal isespecially to women, whether they 'have children in school or not. Edu-.cation through schools being the chief 'preparation for future citizenship, ourduty lies in raakiug them as efficient aslies in our power. To women is left .the direction of children's education, 'In a large degree, so you must exert tthe recent privilege of suffrage inelecting to your County Board of Edu- Jcation good, clean, capable and consci-'entious men 'who will use every influ-'ence to create. and maintain a nou- ,partisan Board. ,Since the rural school is the great thope for Kentucky's educational rise, 'vou women and mothers must wield a 'mighty influence both inside and outside the home, through the helpful andorganized work of Parent-Teacher ,As-'oeintions.-Every school district' findsts Parerit-Teaehep or Mothers' Cluba solution to most of its problems,whatever they may be, for it is a cdmbinlng of the forces of the home andthe school for the good of the schooland to meet its every need."Women, familiarize yourselves withthP npvSHinol law. then form siPm-'ont-Teacher Association In your com-1munlty, or strengthen the one alreadyforned, for the full enforcement andright Internretatlori" of that-law4 as itis- unquestionablyvthe only right mtth- Isod of ral&ing the standard of the. ruralschools. The attendance oflicer provided for In the law will solve the attendance problem which has alwaysbeen a grave one and the appointmentof the right person to that position isof vital importance.As President of the National Congress of Mothers' and Parent-TeacherAssociations, and knowing full wSUthe mighty strength of parents andteachers banded together for the welfare of children our future citizensI urge upon all women of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, active interestand partieiinition in all helpful ways,in affairs pertaining to our schools..Find the particular need of our community and meet it through a ParentTeacher Association.HELP WIPE OUT ILLITERACYGeneral E. H. Woods, who heads theFarm Bureau movement in Keutucky,urges the farmers to interest themselves in the selection of strong Boardsof Education in the following:All honor and much credit is clue tothe Kentucky School AdministrationLaw. This wise and timely law leavesit with the rural population of thisstate to carry out its intention. Oneof the great objects of the KentuckyFarm Bureau Federation is to work tothe end that the country boy arui girlin Kentucky can have just as goodschools as have the city and town boyand girl. This 1 regard as one of themost important steps in order to .stopthe flow of population from farm tothe town. Another is to help wipe outIlliteracy in this state.Aristotle was once asked how mucheducated men were superior to the uneducated men. His reply was, "Asmuch as the living" are to the dead."We want our state to have a livingpopulation. The Farm Bureau Federation intends to keep clear of politicalalliances, but we are 100- per centAmerican and stand for the supportof our government in the protection ofall Ipe constitutional and statutory!GENERAL E. H. WOODS,President Kentucky Farm 'Bureau, Federation.The safety of this- nation lies In theeducation of all of its people. Therefore when the farmers of Kentucky goto the polls to vote in November forthe Board of Education" of the County,let them see only the welfare of theirchildren, the interest of ,their state,the nernetuity of their nation, andput the rural schools ofKentucky forever out of politics, casting their votesfor the most honest, capable and bestqualified" persona available for the po-Sa mi BACK SUITE OF I : -:iIQUALITYI .t!This cane back suite will lend an air of distinctionand elegance to your home. Consists of threepieces, a chair, rocker and davenport. All pieceshave spring seats, which insures the utmost incomfort. A well designed suite, beautifully finished in mahogany. Upholstered in fine grade oftapestry.2023Try Trading at Wheeler's You'll Like ItA. f. WHEELER & GO.I1CEias. Green? Manager5IIffij lis Ous To CatarrhThe mucous membranes throughout the body are subject to catarrhalcongestion resulting in many seriouscomplications.PE-RU-NAWll Known and RollmblCoughs, colds, nasal catarrh, stomach and, bowel troubles among themost common diseases due to catarrhal conditions.A very dependable remedy afterprotracted sickness, the grip or Spanish Flu.PE-RU-NA is a good medicine tohave on hand for emergencies.TaHetstrtitiii SiM EftiywhwiIN USB FIFTY YEARSKENTUCKY MRE CHIEFSEOR CIVIL SERVICEPA-The Kentucky Fire Chiefs' Association, which held a three-day session in Louisville, will take stensto place before the next Legislature a bill providing for a civilservice system for fr'e departmentsin all the cities of tiie' State, underwhich mejmbeis of the fin departments would nqt be affected bychanges in political administrations. The great majority 'of thechiefs in attendance arj in favor ofsuch a move. It is "well-known thatmany cities- of the country bavebeen operating under civil servicerules for many yearsAoLumber -Yard Out of One Log.One of the largest mahogany logsever marketed turned out 17,000 feetof solid wood.' oBusinesslike Hotel Man.To provide exercise for his guests,the manager of a string of Californiatourist Wtels has furnished at eacha common, old-fashionel woodpile, wellequipped with axes of various weightsand not too sharp. Guests are welcome to chop to their heart's content.cymSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedFERFECIVfrrnNGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSES.KrrDtoka ' Artificial EmiffcfadCrLaaaf;4AmMi.LOUUV1XI.KY."i1-iPer Cent. DiscountDuring SeptemberHP'Jii-3oS3Attention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE! ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, givenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseiimmM.dim.....AaAWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monuments'than all other dealers m Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYv Junel5-3mBourbon Feed Mfg. Co; iv. d. (virrcHKLLSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellHAZARD COAL No. 4.No Better Comes Out of the. Mines.Call In While We Have PlentyGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137 Nr$HT 2ISV.-1Kilft;v & ,)Fifthsx-ar.r?A', Jsd. rKaavxaaiv.zmkwmiimOpp, Court HouseWtfTOWrW-m-w-kmjwimCumberland Phone 957Home Phone 257:1- ..;KJlWliHIHt llllllKyJ.".rxaK:imm. . f . -kMJv -;tV.?7r -si-V -J"1!iXIr-."TaM?:.?!' r?v"' ,- 5Ti1 . 'ifTiJL . V 2 j?T -.i-" -ii' - f , -' .-- - 5S.I 1"S-'L JHVr.ws,4- - 1 -3. " Vr -? '' mwat m'a9m r wagl." ! i r-mmmK'"v-.t.-- (iv Sy-V -.rswAPAGE EIGHTTOE BOURBON NEWS," PARISi KENTUCKY, TUESDAY; SEPTEMBER 21, f20.V-'inflfii11hiHHJfcr-fi -'"Ji A ifilVWMILLERSBURG. - -"Miss Mary Taylor has return -,5 from a visit tc her sitter. Mis.S. H. Crayton, at Indianapolis,t. lad.The M. C. opened Thursday with. good enrollment. The young3adies are arriving on all trains.tThc boarding department will beu2LEld. W. I. Slater, pastor of the-Christian .Churcn, is attending the-sassions of ttie State Convention ofIke Christian Church, in Louis-mile.Messrs. A. J. Thaxt'on, T. E.ZBowlcs and Dr. A. B. Plurnmer wereAmong" the many from here who at"teaded the Slate Fair at Louisvillelast -week.The M. M. I. opened MondaySaVthe old graded school building."which was purchased some days agoby the promoters of the new M. M.X from the Bourbon County SchoolBoard. They have a good -enrollmentand others yet to come.NOTICE We wish to thankour friends oi Millersburg and visincethe opening of our new grocery- A square deal to every one.t a, reasonable price ib our aim.Sincerely,EtfANS CASH STORE.-Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught, ofIndianapolis, are guests of her par-Mr and Mrs. T. D. -Judy. Mrs.raught. who has-been ill. is againrestored to health. Mr. "Vaught, whoTnss been an invalid son.e time, improves slowly,' and is able to goAbout ojfe en itches. He is sufferingfrom a nervous trouble.BOKN 7'hursday morning tJiTi aid Mrs. Benjamin Howard, aon. The infant lived only threeliours, and wasinterred Friday afternoon m Millersburg Cemetery.The mother is doing nicely at thisnriting. This young' couple havethe sympathy of all who knovbjem, in this, their first sad loss.Mesdamei Fannie Norton and AnnaDarnell are somewhat improved.Mr. and Mrs. A.vS. Miller, Mr.and Mt-s. O. M. .Tohncon, 'jand Mr.and Mrs. R. M. Johnson 'attendquthe funeral to-day of Mrs. R. O.Chambers, at Shannon, Masoncounty. Mrs. Chambers was themolher of Mrs. JR. M. Johnson, ofPaiis. She had been an invalid forsaveral months, in thev Jewish Hospital, at 'Cincinnati. She is survived by her husband, R. O. Chambers, of Maysville, one daughter,Mrs. R.' M. Johnson, of Pans, anaone son, Robt. Chambers, of Sardis,Mason county.Little Miss Mary" Alice Courtney celebrated her ninth birthdaySaturday frqmd three to five p. m.,her mother, -Mrs. R. M Caldwell,giving her a surprise party. At theappointed time twelve of her littlefriends assembled at the Caldwellhome, the little lady knowing nothing of this until her friends beganto assemble. Her surprise wasgreat, and her joy unbounded. Anumber of games were indulged in.Ices and cakes were served. Thelittle folks returned to their homeshappier for having been there. Shewas the recipient of numerous littlerememberances from her manyfriends.Mr. S. M. Allen is improvingnicely, and is now able to ride outIn. his car. Mr. J. T. Judy is practically out of danger, and ence moreon the road to recovery. Mr. ' M.M. Bov-les is going about the2iouse. Squire E. P. Thompson' isafile to be out agoin. Mrs. ClarkStaanks remains about the same.BIRTHS.To the wife of James Burden, atCenterville, this county, 'a daughter.Mrs. Burden was formerly Miss LulaCourtney, of Hie Centerville vicinity.fn this city Fiiday, to the wifeof "Woodford Houston, a son,christened Woodford Houston, Jr.The mother was formerly MissMary Martin, of Paris.I : oLODGE NOTESAt a recent (meeting of the Pyth-.ian Sisterhood' in .this city, Mrs.Dena Chapman, of Louisville, StatePast Grand Chief, assisted by Mrs.Poore and a number of visitors fromCovington, conducted the installition exercises installing Miss Beatrice Tully and Mrs. Jessie Gardner: m A Ff n-nin tneir respecuvf uuiuua. aiwithe exercises and the business session a social hour was held, duringwhich lefreshments of ices andcakes were served.1it JV,s1j'1n ?3 1uaki14'if?,9'i2nAmirZ III 11 'OSGood Appearanceis more than style linesis more than fine tailoring- is more than splendid materialsA1.1COMDINATION of many good qualitiesspells good appearance.It's the way your clothes drape andswing on your body the way they set onyour shoulders the impression they makeon others the feeling of contentmentthey bring you the knowledge that youare rightly" attired, in good taste.You are assured of all these superior,qualities when you buyCrutcher & Starks ClothesThey are an, investment in goodaprjearance and in economy as well.See the new fall models the naturalfree-set shoulders, th.efine designing, thefit and drape of the collars and lapels, therich .fabrics, the appealing patterns andcolor tones, single and double breastedmodels. ' ' .- , '. ' $45 to $80jQ',7fc Store ofi Standard izedVatiIROTCHER&ttRKSfcJ FOURTH A0 m JEFFERSON .Granville ft.Burfon 6 SonsLouisville - KentuckyvVR H VA Rl TAllUIANDI2:00 to 5s30f (ogiwi I10-307:00 toTODAY, TUESDAYBENJAMSIN B. HAMPTONPRESENTSZANE GREY'S MOSTPOWERFUL PICTURE"DESERT GOLD"A dashinggreat outdoors.double romance of theAlso WILLIAM DUNCANIn the Last Episode of"The Silent Avenger"And Pathe NewsTomorrow, WednesdayJACK PICKFORDINc A Double-Dyed Deceiver'. By 0. HENRYThe heart-warming tale of a Texasbad man who discovered he was good.JOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers"and "Topics of the Day"Thursday, Sept. 23rdWm. Fox PresentsTOM MIX' IN"The Three Gold Coins"Filled to the brim with daring stunts.A stirring Western story in which the incomparable Mix plays the roles of cowboyand bandit.Also Bringing Up Father Comedy"JIGG IN SOCIETY"x ' and Pathe ReviewAdmission: chndrenLdG Gregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningMATRIMONIAL...SPEAKES DUNCAN.At his home in Lexington, Friday afternoon, Rev. I. J. Spencer,pastor of the Central Christianchurch, performed the ceremonyun;ting" in marriage Miss GeorgiaSpeakes, and Tilton Duncan, Jr.,both well-known and popular yuungpeople of Paris. The youig couplemotored to Lexington, keeping theirintemion seci'et save from a few ofi heir most intimate friends, and therelatives of both families. -Followingthe ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Duncan left for a short wedding trip toEastern points. On their returnthey will make theit home in thefutuie in this city.Mrs. Duncan is the eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George D.Speakes, of Paris, and is a veryhandsome and attractive young woman. Previoas to nor marriage shehas been connected with the drygoods store of Frank & Co.,Nas ameimber of the clerical force, andwas highly esteemed by her .employers ami associates. Mr. Duncanis a son of Air. and Mrs. TildenDuncan, of Pans, and holds a position in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, at thi3point. He is an industrious andweJl-liked young man.The Ken il worth Jockey Club, ofMontreal, Canada, through its general manager, A. M. Orpen, has offeied a purse of $50,000 and a gold cupfor a match race between the famous race horses, Man o' War, SirBarton and Exterminator, it was announced recently. J. K. L. Ross,owner of Sir Barton, it was said,had accepted TTie offer. The race, ifarranged, would be run at the Windsor Club track at the Octob'er meeting at a mile and a quarter.O 'TRANSYLVANIA, BIG EVENTAT LEXINGTON TROTSTALBOTT MEADEThe marriage of Henry AxtellMeade, a prominent young businessman of Bloomington, Indiana, andMiss Mary Mason Talbott, of Paris,was solejmnized Saturday morningat the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian 'church. The ceremony was witnessed by members ofthe family and a few intimatefriends.The bride is the accomplisheddaughter of Mr. Lunceford Talbott,wealthy- retired farmer, of Paris,formerly of the Noith Middletownvicinity. She has been a memberfor several years cf the Paris HighSchool faculty.The intentions of the youngcouple have been a carefulljr guardedsecret since their engagement, andcame in the nature of a surprise totheir many friends in thi city andcounty. The engagement was ftrsmade public at a social gatheringat the home of Mr. and Mrs. John I.Collins, in this city labt week.After the ceremony and leceivingcongratulations and good wishes ofthe assembled friends and relatives,Mr. and Mrs. Meade left for a shortwedding trip. On their return theywill be at home to their friends inBloomington, where, the groqm isengaged in businessoDEATHSCOOK.Miss Mary Cook, a well-knownteacher in the Hariodsburg PublicSchools, died at her home in thatcity last wefck, following a briefillness. She was a niece of the lateMrs. L. J Fretwell, of Paris. Mrs.J. T. Broun, of Paris, a cousin ofthe deceased, attended the funeraland burial at Harrodsburg., FOSTER.v -Dr. W.m. E. Foster, aged sixtytwo, a prominent physician x ofOwenton. died 'early Saturday morning at his home in that city, following a' prolonged illness.- Some timeaTgo Dr. Foster underwent an operation for gallstones, -from the effectsof which he never fully iecovered.He was a man of high Christiancharacter, and prominent in lodgecircles, and the business life of Owenton. Dr. Foster is survfved by one son,Dr. H. E. Foster, oi Paris, end twodaughters, Mrs. Gibson Vallandingbam, of Glasgow, and Mrs. CharlesSwift, of Memphis, Mo. Thefuneral and burial took place inOwentor yesterday afternoon.1 oAfter- a man is married he begins to put the big bills on the inside of his roll.1yLike those who ordeij near-beer,folk who iaif to vote havcnokickcoming. -..tWhat'sibfcconie of.Jhe cyclistthat JSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEWWHY GAS RATES GO UPIt takes between three and fourQream receipts show a slight re- gallons of gas oilUUV.HUU in j & weK, itiuiuugn meyj CUDic feet ofore -Heavier tnan tne corresDonains:to make 1.000water gas, the kindweek a year ago. Prices for butter- i,,aut: xn mosL -ntucKy cities iorfat are geneially unchanged. Hhe householder's gas stove or light-Fresh eggs arc in eoGd demand' inr svstem nr tho. fnrn.'.ppo. nf thand if ihe supply decreases, prices ! industrial plant. Gas oil has increased in pi ice from three cents agallon or less, before the war, totwelve and fifteen cents a gallon nowand this increase in price addsthirty-one to forty-eight cents perthousand cubic feet to the cost cfmaking gas. This, coupled with increased labor costs, has necessitated recent increases in the price Oigas.will probably advance,Live and ' dressed poultry continues in good demand, with fairmovement for producing sections.Prices showed little change duringtho week.o0EFER BIG STAKE E0R 3-HORSEMATCH RACE.The Transylvania, which annuallydetermines the championship willbe trotted at Lexington, Thursday,October 7.WHATTHE MOTORISTFOR HIS FUN.PAYSFor every mile of highway in theUnited States, that is equal to thedemands of automobile traffic, eachmotor vehicle pays $75 to taxes!That is the estimate of R. E. Fulton, a truck manufacturer, whoreaches these figures this way:In 1918, motorists paid to thevarious States a total of $150,000,000 in all kinds of taxes and tees,besides increasing the Federaltreasury by $33,000,000. Sincethere ar2 2,500,000 miles of highway, improved and unimproved, inthe county figure the rest out foryourself.oPathPhonographsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! NO CHANGE!k DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !Ml E. PRUITT,Millersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals. JSCHOOL SHOESOF QUALITY FOR BOYS AND GIRLSe ci ally Low PricedSpHP 'in i I '!Mothers, now is the time to buy your School Shoes atour Money Saving Prices and have the boys and girlscorrectly shod at economy -pricesExtraordinary Values for This WeekBoys' Sturdy School Shoes, every pair constructed to stand hard we'ar, made in Englishlasts ns well as broad foot form styles, a$5.00 value. Sizes 1 -to 5 1-2.fTPEC,AL $3.49Boys' Extra Good Wear Tan and Gun MetalEnglish Shoes.Sizes 2 1-2 to 6 at.Sizes 13 1-2 to 2 at.$4.95$3.99Little Gents Tari and Gun Mstal Shoes, extragood quality -W.00 values, sizes 10 to 13 1-2.SPECIALATSZB99Misses' and Children's Gun Metal EnglishLace Boots, also broad toe form lasts, $4.00values, all sizes 9 to 2. 1EXTRASPECIALQO QQMisses' and Children's $3.50 button and laceSchool Shoes, all sizes.?xPEC,AL $2.49Misses' and Children's $5.00 values EnglishLace Boots in viei kid, gun metal and tanSPECIALAT$3.49LLAST WEEK!Final Clean-Up Sale of All RemainingOxfords and1 Shoes. Now on sale atalmost half price. Look them over.!! vfe&feDAN COHENParis' greatest $&dt Store. . a-Where BautyandEcdiidy Rcijpifcri1 iscorching'?Mfc My J MWfJ. --j";,v.-fmsed tobeiarreted for.