i nt dUUKdUiV NEWS ? sPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY J THE YEAR.a.4tVOLUME XLTHE BOURBON GUN CLUBi to Bourbon Gun Club held their-utar weekly shoot last Friday af-'-jrwnat their club grounds in?ht Paris. A fair site crowd was;t nd the boys enjoyed the sporim much. hign.wlnd was blow-nc which made target hling very.ml Those brc-akh.jr 20 or moiet of sach 25 shot at Are as followH Roscberry, 24, 23, 23, 23, 22.:o. K '15 C. Rugbies, 24, 23, 20.Pr Kff, 24. 23.Joe Davis, Jr., 23, 22, 21Buckucr. 23.W Thompson, 22.B. Smith, 20.ily Spears, 20..Carles Kenney, 20.ht following invitation is ei i ?o all shooters:"Paris, Ivy., Nov 15, 1920.The Bourbon Guv Club will holdn all day target shoot on Tuesday,Wcmbcr 2 a their club groundski I'aris. snooting startsSTOBjptly tt 9 00 a. m. This will bawn a? a Thanksgiving shoor.Turkeys will bo shot for, no.u.icap of any kind. -Shootersi'I jaco up their own squads, and! winner of that squad gets a turMt Eucli turkey shot fo will b'infty-Urget race. No one will be al-vod tn win more than one tat key,,i moiv shooters will win turkeysibis way.All shooters, visitors and club-;bers are eligible to shoot forivys, or if you prefer, you can-hoot for targets only no one bar-If the weather is bad we wilt.ne a large tent up on the grounds,Mth several stoves in it. that willuiake things nice and warm. Allkinds of shells for sale on thegrounds. This will bo the last shootof the reason of the Bourbon GuaClub, so como and let's have a bigiiRUDOLPH DAVIS, Secretary.EXPERT AUTOMOBILE PAINTERAND TRIMMER ENGAGED"We hwe employed the services ofMr. J. E. Jones, an expert autqpiobile painter and trimmer. Thosedesiring work in tbs line can be.--ured that ihey will get first-classservice under our guarantee bybringing this work heie. This isthe time of year to ptace your orderlor having your car done over.Special attention given to repairwork to tops. etc.C. S. BALL GARAGE.(12-41)TOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept 3-tf )! 1 i "1 I ..! i ij.4.4..i.4....l..jlj.f 4.fji. Hif.Hi.Hlril..I.4.l"t"I"H"FRANK & CO.I LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecialThe prices In every lineof merchandise in our entire stock, including cottons, ginghams, wool goodsand silks, havejusted to meet the presentday low price demand. Weare also making especiallylow prices on all coats,suits, waists, skirts anddresses.10 per cent off on allfurs, coats and neckpieces.vFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSlllHIMWIinMllMMIIMIlllllMHHi PoslAnTeriwn LerfoT f B6vrh(m McCtenahaW Paris, .Special,: . Six-. - ..t, ' C - " . - coupe. inunHUNTING SEASON FOR BABBITSNOW OPEN.fn201i USny' not John' of moviefame, but the pretly little grey-fur-tedarticle of commerce, whose numbers from now on win ,.,, .be decimated by the ruthless hunt-l prsVith i he stroke of midnight Sunday the game laws governing therabbit hunting season became effective, and hunters who had previouslysecured their licenses departed forthe fields, with their does n-ni intnr.ing outfits. The season for the elu-jsive quail also opened yesterday.me raDuit ana quail crops areboth reported unusually good insome sections this yeai. Here mBourbon they are reported as betasnot so plentiful. Noveitlness, overtwe hundred new hunting licensehave been issued from the office orCounty Clerk Pearce Paton to hunters who are willing and anxious tofind out for themselves just what thesituation is. Dr. R. S. Tattle. Ex-ecutive Agent of the Kentucky Fishand Game Commission, predicts oneof the irost successful seasons Kentucky hunters have ever had.' Thereis an abundance of game in the Statehis year more quail and rabbit thanfor several seasons, .accoidtag to Dr.Tuttle. He said that srrict instructions had been given to all theState and county game wardens tokeep a close lookout for violators ofthe laws, and to seek out the nimrods who back up the principles or'true sportsmanship. Bourbon countysportsmen are. with him. and will doall in their power to see that thelaws are observed.NOTICE TO PATRONS OF GAS &. ELECTRIC CO.We are sorry to be compelled tonotify our customers that in thefuture wre will discontinue our practice of sending a collector out between the 15 th and 20 th of themonth to collect the unpaid bills athat time, but must insist that allbi'ls be paid at the office of thecompany.We allow7 you the regular discountif they are paid on or before 6 p. m.of the 10 th of the month or ifchecks are mailed so as to show postmark of the 10 th and our servicewill be discontinued on the 20thwhere the account has not been settled. Pay betore the 10th and savevoud discount.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,C. L. STEENGERGEN,(9 -It) Manager.oDON'T LET IT FREEZELet us tell you how to keep thatbattery from freezing when on or offyour car this winter, and make itnow. You won't need advice afterit freezes.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STA-1TION,(1) 209 Main Street, Phone 307.Notice!been read-:17., Y jp" !, .p j, .(OneJ.theand& Ct.HisbePARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1920DESPERATE PRISONER ESCAPESPROM PARIS JAILMaking good his boast that theParis jail woald not hold him verylong, Jefferson Johnson, negro housebreaker and fcelf-confessed head of aband of thieves, made his escapefrom the Pans jail at an earlv hourSunday morning in the most approved dime-novel fashion.Since his arrest and confinementin the Paris jail some weeks asru.Johnson had made one attempt to escape by prizing up a large rock in.the floor of his cell. The attemptwas discovered in time to prevent.Johnson from carrying out his intention. He w?.s placed in irons bv JailerTaul and removed to a f-troneer cell Ion the lower floor. All the time h-boasted that he would be missingsome morning and he is!Some time during Saturday nightor al an early hour Sunday morning,Johnson managed to break a leg-ironfrom his bed in his cell. With thishe forced the wooden casing of thewindow frame in his cell. Calling toanother prisoner who was walkingin the corridor he asked for a match.Taking the bedding from his bed andthe wood from the window casing heset them on fire and applied the&n tothe stone set in the window opening.The he.it soon rendered the stonebrittle and Johnson easily broke outlarger pieces, forcing the stone outof the opening. Getting outside nesecured a pioce of iron with whichhe bioke die chain of his shacklesand scaling The wall, made his escape. A negro woman comingThrough the underpass in the L. &N. yards leading to Claysville, toldthe police she met -Johnson comingthrough the underpass, the leg ironsstill on his ankles and the brokenchain dangling. She did not knothen who he was. Johnson, it wo aalleged, went to the home of MaggieSmall, in Claysville, where he secured a revolver and left. The womantold the police she wi-s not at home,and that she did not see Johnson.The authorities in surroundingtowns have been furnished with photographs and descripliors of Johnson, and a determined effort is beingmade to capture hipi. His trial wasto have come up at this term of theBourbon Circuit Court.After being confined in the Parisjail Versailles authorities, whowanted Join. son, told Jailer Taulthat he had better keep a close watchon Johnson, as" he had escaped fromevery jijl he had been confined inand wras a desperate prisoner, wThowould stop at nothing to obtain hisfreedom. The jailer had him handcuffed and shackled. Latei on thehandcuffs were removed.Johnson was arrested in the colored suburb of Claysville, on August13. by Chief of Polce Link and Patrolman Lusk, on information fromthe Versailles authorities that hehad broken jail there and was alsowanted for violating his parole. Howas put through a course of "thirddegree," during which he contesseuto robbing a number of storesthroughout Central Kentucky. Heescaped from the Versailles jail inJune, and had been at large sincethen. He was paroled from theFrankfort Reformatory in 191b'.Later the officers arrested DennisJones and Emma Harris, colored, inClaysville, charged with being implicated with Johnson in some of hisburglaries. It was claimed thatJones and the Harris woman had acted as "fences," in helping to disposeof the stolen goods. They are nowawaiting trial in the Bouibon Circuit Court.Johnson is a desperate oha.'acter,according to the available police records. After he had been placed in.the Paris jail, he is saidn hnvp remiarKea mat uwTould get out, and that hewould get even with several peoplein Claysville, whom he intimatedwere responsible for his being takentinto cusody. As a result of his escape, it is said that there are manyuneasy heads in that classic suburb until he is apprehended andplaced in safety.PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANBAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, Novenibei 16Gladys. Brockwell, in "White Lies;"Stuart Holme-j and Frankie Mann, inserial, "Trailed .By Three;" PatheNews.To-morrow, Wednesday, NoveanberLenh Baird. in 'The Canitol:"Joe Ryan and Jean Paige, in serial;"Hidden Dangers;" Topics .f TheDay.Thursday, November IS. Marguerite CJark, in "Easy To "Get;"Capitol Comedy: Pathe News.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonnnd night.o-PARIS SOLIIEIlS, MEMORY- HONORED.ISMr. and Mrs. B. A. Batterton havereceived a letter from the Frenchwucmuicui iiumyixig mem r mehonor bestowed on their son, BishonRattftrtnn wlm waa 1rtllA1 ir ...world war, in the conferring of twocitations for ,. braveryat Belleau"fWnnilc; jil.fi In Vlo Hotfln n Onipr,..of the citations carried with itCroix de Guerre, with a palm,ihe other was the Porraughierre. i me French Government has sent; Mr. and Mrs. Batterton the dairy, , which their son kept during the year pieI r,was m the flSntinS- Private ttew-naiLunon ioiq sometmng each day;Deing tmude through the -Gibsonregai ding the days spent in the; tor Co., local agents: Mre. Wntrenches -and on the battle front I cn,inam ht;:i,..k,1t.o cnooiqi si--body will besent home, and will I tnunnr Ut iars rwielia Offutc.driven a military-. funeral and IBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Judge Stout -at the opening ofCourt, Friday, heard motions anddemurrers in several cases, and arguments for allowance of attorneysfees in the George Alexander Bank,depositors cases. Bench warrantowere served on the following persons who had been indicted by thpgrand jury: Fred ..ixon, grand larceny. Nixon is alleged to havestolen an automobile belonging toE. E. Finney, of near Paris. He wasarrested in Connersville, Ind.r andleturned here; Fred Hall, colored,obtaining property under false (pretenses; Floience Flowers, colore!!,murder; Syl ester Anderson,colored, forgery, on twoeounts;Emma Jones, colored.j receiving stolen proptry; Jeff John-son and Dennis Jones, both colored,nousebreaKing. Johnson .escapedfrom the Paris jail Saturday nightand is still at large. All the caseswere set for trial on Friday, tlnjeleventh day of the term.Court adjourned until Monday, nosession being held Saturday. Judge Jsmoui was in Versailles, wfiere fiepresided e.t r special one-day termof the Woodford Circuit Court.The second trial of the msr of fis-o,. TWI 1 J, ..-.x ,.L; v-cii UUUJf&Ull, UlUHgtJU WIL1 ivllimgWalter Rice in this city severalyears ago, was entered into yesterday. On the first trial Johasen wasgiven the death penalty. The jury,wras secured, composed of the following: Cleveland Poe, Hiram Redmon, Frank Skillman, J. H. Bell,Geo. B. Leedes, J. S. Roberts, DavisPatrick, Bowen Tate, Thomas Mason,Newt. Bishop. Graham Young. BenDalzell. The hearing of testijnon:occupied the entire time of the Courtuntil the adjournment late j'esterday afternoon.KIT laiV itifir "i'ii a r-tT"!NORTHWESTERN'S TINE BUSINESS REPORTThe Norihwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company reports rew business for the first nine months of1920. on the wntten basis, of $299,514,109. as compared with $232,113,430 for the first nine months of1919, an increase of $67,400,679.On the paid-for basisJhe business forthe first nine months of 1920 totaled$279 301.528, as against $215.974,950 for the first nine months of1919, showing a gain of $63,326,578 for the nrst three quarlers ofthis year over tho same period of las Iyear. This company is repn sentedin Paris by R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent.Xabt Year's Death Lossesfiiom "Northwestern National LifBulletin")During the year 193 9, Americanlife insurance institutions paid deathlosses amounting to $610,373,652.00.That is at the rate of $69,677.35hourly for every hour of the twentyfour day and night for 365 days.Visualize a cashiers window openday and night for 365 days, withcashiers working in eight-hourshifts, paying death claims at therate of nearly $7 0,000.00 every sixtyminutes. Then " visualize the claimants, lined up and collecting theamounts due them. Assuming thatthe average "claim was $2,0f0which is approximately correct836 claimants, mostly widows,would pass the cashier's windowdaily a funeral procession of 305.186 penons during the year. Ifmarching five feet apart, the procession would be 289 miles long.If we could trace these more thanhalf billion dollars which wore paidto beneficiaries last year through allof their expenditures and investments, present and futuie, we mightbe able to form a slight idea of thegood they will acconplish. Wewould find that this money broughtpeace and comfort to widowhood;thfxt it affected the career of the babeunborn; that it brought laughter tochildhood; education to boyhood;protection to girlhood; defense towomanhood: comfort and peace tothose whose lives were in the twilight zone; that it canceled mortgages, established business, aidedtalent and genius, projmoted honesty, encouraged industryy established credit. In short, to a great degree, it guaranteed life, liberty andthe pursuit of happiness to thebeneficiaries and the descendants.Every life or endowment insurancepolicy that is paid becomes at oncea factor in private and business life"and goes on and on until time shallbe no more.Y. M. C. A. NOTESPiesident Wm. J. Hutchhigs, newly elected president of Berea College,will deliver an address at the ParisOpera Hi.-use, Sunday afternoon at2:30 p. m.President Hutchings is a graduateof Oberlin College, and of Yale Divinity School. For a number of yearshe has been Professor of fiojmileticsin the Oberlin Graded School ReIIcently he returned from a worldtoar with Dr Sherwood Eddy. Htesubject for Sunday afternoon will be"American Christians and the WorldHope." President Hutchins is an eloquent, brilliant and forceful speaker.Admission will be free, but by ticket.Tickets may be secured at the Y. M.C. A. after Wednesday.oRECENT AUTO SALESThe following' Bourbon county peo-have recently become owners cfStudebakcr machines, the salesMo-Wm. V.Poric Qnnnini aw Sedan s. Tf.STATE GRAND LODGE I; 0. 0 FMEETS TO-DAYThe C-rand Lodge of Odd Fellowsor Kentucky will hold its annualmeeting in Lexington at the Woodland Anuitorium to-day, WednesdayThursday and Friday, beginning aJ o clock this morning. Grand Master W. B. Ham's, of Morga-nfield.will preside. It is expected thatthere will be more than 750 representatives pn-sent fiom the 350lodges throughout the -StatThe Board of Directors of the Oddiellows Home heW its annual meeting yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock in tixe Fayette Hotel. TheEndowment Committee, which wassppointed by the Grand Lodge in-iyiy, ana wnicn consists of PastGrand Masters Beckham Overstreet,of Louisville; J. Whit Pott:r, ofBowling Green, and M. M. Logan,LouisviUe, reports that it has raised$310,000 of the $500,000 goal, itis tne opinion of several of rhe grandofficers ihat many lodges which havemade an effoit, to meet their quotahave not yet reported the result andthis is expected to swell the totapmuch nearer the goal.Thjs afternoon at 2 '30 o'clock,the me,mbers of the Grand Lodgeand all members of the order who desire to participate, will march fromWoodland Auditorium to the OddFellows Home in full regalia. Atthe home they will be welcomed bythe officials of the institution, andthe grand officers will pay their annual visit of inspection and comeinto direct cor tact with the childrenin the Home. To-night the children of the home will give an entertainment at the .auditorium, towhich all members of the order andtneir families will be admitted free.During the past week, Home LodgeNo. 25. of Louisville, reportedpledge cards for the Odd FellowsHome totaling $20,000. This is thelargest amount given by any onelodge. Emmanuel Lodge No. 213,of Owenton, gave $2,500 from thelodge to the endowment fund. Thisis the home lodge of J. W. Douglas,who will be Grand Master next vear.SORGHUM AT $1.25You ..ever ate better, at $1.25 pergallon,(ft) C. P. COOK & CO.PAY AND SAVE INTEREST.Payment on the new streetson Pleasant street is now diifrom property owners abutting thereon; and should- besettled promptly to avoid accumulating interest.CK. THOMAS.City Collector.(oct26-tnWE KNOW H0WOwing to the Late Season and theTight Money Market we find that weare overstocked with Men's andBoys" Clothing and have decided togive our customers aIN MEN'S AND BOYS SUITS IAH $85.00 and $a0.00 Suits$65.00AH $75.00, $70 and $65.00 Suits$59.50Men's Corduroy Pants, $8.00 Quality$5.00Boy,' SuiU $5.00 to $20.00. We don't want tooverlook the ladfe,, ,o we have place on de $4.50S,lkHo.eat $3.50, and $3,50 fW at $2.50.Black, cordovan and white color.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERSCITY COUNCIL PROCEEZOTSThough the recent meeting; of tk' -scny council was a short one, conaid-erable business of importance war T.transacted. Mayor E. B. January1presided with & full Board presentsAfter the u-ansaclion of routine -businessthe Council adopted by a ,unanimous vote an amendment to Vthe automobile parking ordinancepermittiiig- the parking of autos anf ''motor tiucks on Main street W-. Vtween Eighth and Ninth, after sevea ' ro'clock in the evening-. 'John Asher, colored, was granfe "a permit and license to conduct a 'restaurant on Eighth street. An application made some months agoHiyAshei for a permit and license waa - 'turned down by the Council on ac- -countof a protest filed by resident "of Eighth stjeet. Property-owner vwho have not paid their assessment Z.for reconstrtction of the streets -withconcrete material, were given "until Tuesday, November 16, to set- -tie.After that date a ten per cent,penalty will go into effect. Bjilding ;permits were issued an follows- Geo. wBurton, WilPams street, addition toresidence, $300; H. A. Mitchell, sta-ble, Winchester street, $100; Jamee" .Hankins, addition to residence. Hiy-gms avenue, $700. -WORK FOR D. A. R SCHOOLPreliminary organization lookingtoward the establishment in theKentucky mountains of a D. A. R.school is progressing rapidly, according-to Mrs. Christopher DChenault. who was appointed StateChairman when the project was approved by the recent Stat conference in session in Louisville.Members of the committee areAiry. James Arncld, of Frankfort,State regent, who is an es-oifieio .mqmber; Miss Rebecca Averill, ofFrankfort, first vice-chairman; Mrs.wuiiam. Jioaes, Lexington, secondvice-Chairman; Mrs. Harrison Gardner Foster, 'Lexington; Mrs. JohnMiddleton ard Mrs. John Chenault, 'Louisville; Mrs. E. M Wheeler,Paris, and Mrs. Lucien Beckner,Winchester.A very strong advisory board- will -be named at a meeting of the committee Wednesday, when Judge GW. Gooley, of Beattyville, will speak:on the advantages of r mountain "school.NEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.Get the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They will say ' f:ydur gas bill. -'-(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.A POSITIVE GUARANTEE . ""See the guarantee of the Williamson Heater Company on page""S.A. S. BEST & CO., AgentsBoth Phones 33 Millersburg, Ky(26-8t)v:BLAKEMORETO MENa.MtfeT.-'" -- j-H -5 r-.rf? "- '"-' a8."V,j..n - - Tztr . T . - - r'- - . vvsft-j. r f?'et-sr -TUESDAY', NOVEMBER 3, 120THE BOURBON NBWS, PAKIS, KENTUCKYiIS-'HE B8HB0N NEWS!IS6I S9 Tears of Crtms PitticftttNLtw- tpt.-.- W! TSnflv ' a"I!. vn e Trrtic innlort space of one year, especiallylT?LCXa o en the trend in the countryjPtraMe xa .AaTMioe, i is decidedly toward the other fellow.. The Democrats of Bourbon county. .. j-rr.ra t-.j wTWid their share in this matter.bWtET GEJlTCF, MXter sA Owser. Bouroon county's vote was natter-inir to the campaign managers. Tot the Paris. Kentucky,v . . J,.ce s Jdsol matter or. me.1mcs ClaSS,1:?OEK2iJS" EPXESEKTA-IHVlS.-iuu v;r tcc lewTk Aaencsn Press Asso-Xtri. T&B3B&S. !If. V. Ayeis & Son. i. 3&sse3Lgs3e A&T. Ageacy. 1Sltiae-xbGmpsGB. Co.TBMirn- -fnrfl-Tm-Tnm Ca. .""Jjiy sxromeons xeSecuoii upon theKsstes; .standing or reputation, ofIF seraon. firm or corporationroa appear in cce ccnxmii-o.; BOOEBON 2vEWS Trill be gladly jZEMiinhilrirJtaliiMtwtrtl if "brought 10 attention of lit js organization which counts, evente cilor. jmore than he issues. Last yearlaiians ve'ers were suffered to remainJ at homj who could have cast Demo-cratic ballots. This year the smooth -Di"SRTISlXGRATES ness 0f the machinery was evident.Anvwav. the election is over.s- Acvemsemects. zlvo perfcst time; 50 cents per inchmitoc cement inserJon.Z Isoiices, 10 rents per linexaading notices in black i36 iemts per line, each issne.)Hrae of tteynVfi, calls on candl-Jbitaaiies and resolutions, andwaiter, 10 cents per line. jTTynriMl rates lor large advertise-.mkx jhkl yearly contracts. jTke Tit cf publisher is reseived Iaay sdvertisement or otherJAVxnts to go on record as saying tliat-fer pmhlicataon.Ttrymrnts for political offices .Invariably te accompanied hyjnjoment in his career.AHNOUNCEMENTS.iro-fc HriKg "- -u "rrtih-X ierebj announce myself asfor the Democratic nom-lor She2i2 of Bourbon jy at the Primary Election in ,l2i- When elected j2 2?3TSL5eS70l,,,xjkl -Dong- ThomaSr.-b t,t-t: r7T7.ED BEDIX3HD candidate for" ,r jr zj Jt -sweats your -upport andrM S. Clark and TV. Fred Link. ,POB, JAEJEIt"We are authorized to JinoucceEN 3CAHAR. of the Millersburg5Durgffvscfakct, (fraaiiiiarly known asJOlmjJkTCtt) as a canamate tor jaiier o. ;JB&tsfrcm. county, subject to the ac-'- -. TUTnAi.nHo -rnti.r F fi.!EJ . MaL JffESBO one Vho followed the campaign?al!StS .S011 of tie voteris can fail to recognize the fact that,"SrtTari- Kt is a can- far as Phonal energy and un-St Serra, of Pans, K., is a can- courage are concerned,Mne lor Jailer of Bourbon ooun- jr c a really Wonder-r.ject to the action of the Dem-, JSYdnrlng the last two or threeULsn .r j.yoa tax cosnnssioxER.Ifc are authorized to announce t33lS. S. 3C0REL.AXD. of Paris Pre- ?Jo. 2, as a candidate for Tax;ner oi uouroon iounty.-wiOu "VTRGDL "TUCK" Barton, otHIBmi ilir 7 as Deputy, subject toAe action of the Democratic votercBosrbon county."We are authorized to announceOON J. HEDMON, of the NorthJKiiflrTnTrr preeenict, as a candiicte for Tax Commissioner of Bour& coanty, with THOMAS TAUL,C "Paris, as deputy, subject to theao&w of tie Democratic voters ofrfeoo. county.IvCOMMIS- .PWtDBPUTT TAXSIGNER.iem Woodford, Jr., will make thefor Deputy in connection -with"Walter Clark as Tax Commissionerfm. Boarboa County, subject to the jMtinw of the Democratic party.WMh Moneyfew men are careless with actualbut many men do not stopilk that the checks and notesghreout represent money andfraudulent alteration of anay mean a serious loss.yourself by using paperbetrays alteration?We can tell you moreit, and' show you how weean pvotoct your cash, your checks,Wpes, drafts, and receipts.is iBOTTCEOH DEMOCRATS CAN USDCONSOLATION EEEE.In spite of the overwhelming victory of the Republicans nationally,there is much of comfort for theDemocrats of Kentucky in. the returns- It is i;0 mean task to changeI a verdict of 40,000 against you intosubstantial majority -vvitnm tnei double a majority, even with the ad-Inition :f women voters, is a rare- ls --n ,,. win n: itutuui uitauiucu u .j J" h vj'McClintock. County Campaign Chairman, and Mrs, Wm. G. Talbott,i Mn;m.in rf 'S a XXTntvev e Crt mno l incteo much of the credit isdue. They worked long and faith-fully for the reward that is only thej fcnoleage of a ork weil done. WeItp certain that the State headauar-ters and the candidates themselvesvro benefitted by Bourbon's splendidshowing have for them the warmestgratituae.Efficient campaign managementhas more to do with Democratic suo-jcess in Kentucky than anything else.j Last year the Democratis allowedthe G O. P. to checkmate them atJ every turn. Every DemocraticfTnn to swinar votes wasT t1 ... , rpst,f nl Tn Gverv racett's all accent the result, drop pon-tics and put forward out best effortsfOT th business advancement ofpaijs and Bourbon county!oIrrKTfWSTATT PATER PAYS TRIB--rrnr T-n nnY(Cincinnati Times-Star)At -he moment of his over-v. helming defeat, this newspapern lias a higher regard for James V.coz than it has had at any previousj arguments "used by the Governor during the campaign. He called tonnianv names and he made too manyspecial pleas to groups and classeslof the community. He would haveA -welrtoo, politically and other-I if he had stPPed at ? e be"j ginning that infamous, subterra-,?":: ,,--n id, art of hisi" Z.7-a " I ictonfivhave developed an adml-ration, these past ten days, for the":" ".:"T ni,; nnP.'S: He went into one of the mo.st, discouraginff of all campaigns: the'political currents were running sc., inst him that victor,fiom the first, was pracucduy umm-;"" ftuestlo' And yet he keptn.r- nAA nt fmicr'hf it throiish..cdentally he developed into!most effective crowd speaker. Wherever Cox went during the campaign'he was followed by a revival of Demior.ratic hoDes a revival which inMcpS nrnved to be Withoutirovefoundation, out wliicn at leafct neaia., .. Wl,ir.li nr ltimony to the influence of Cox'bL """ ..,.peiauuuuy.rvt-- - itc; lilro n firh((r Annweeks before the election."-o-The Novei-Writer.What am I. n novel vriter. trying todo? I am trying, with urb limited' means as 1 have at my disposal, to'make little pneket-treaters out ofwords. 1 am trying to he architect,; scene painter, upliolsifrer. dramatistand stage mnnnper, al! hi once. Is itany wonder ;r e noveiiM.s ao noisneceed as well as ue could wishwhen we try to be master of so manytrades? 1 Marim Cr.iwford.oGarlic Keeps Off Snakes.Natives In the souihern part ofLiberia, wlio have to travel Id thesnajje.jnfested swamps, rub their feet' rrrff'Vi rrarWx orw) oil onrl oo fhaif mrnitiuj C v- 1-' Wtif UUt CIO IUCJ UiUt calong swish the air with light rods.Even the voracious boa constrictorwill hurry away from the garlic, andthe other species are terrified by theswishing.Tooth Bottles.A new Invention Is a miniature hotirater bottle for toothache. It holdsonly half an ounce, and Is just htgenough to be comfortably retained between the cheek and a painful tooth.AJI toothaches are not curable by application of heat, but in many instances this method is successful.oSlang and Idioms.That the slang and Idioms of todaywill be correct English tomorrow Isthe opinion of Professor Glicksmnn,University of Wisconsin. "Our language Is made up of what was onceslang, Idioms, colloquialism and jargon," he said recently.-oDally Thought.We learn wisdom from failure muchmore than from success. We oftendiscover what will do by finding outwhat will not do; and probably hewho never made a mistake made "adiscovery. Samuel Smiles.oHaif and Heaven."Hair Is noi happiness," declare themembers oi the Baldhead club of Newfork, who no doubt And comfort In thefact that heaven Is described as aplace where there is "no parting."Passing Show, London,-About 36,000 .enumerators will b.'employed in taking- the decennialcensus -,n Great -Britain.EED CROSS DRIVEThe quota for Paris and BourbonCounty is 2,000, which means $2,000members and $2,000, for the memberships are only a dollar each. TheRed Cross workers have set theirheart on reaching this quota andactivities right here in BourbonCounty. There are at present some1,500 members in Bourbon Countyand a special appeal is issued to themto renew their membership at once.The full list of members of the cityand county teams who will take partin the roll call drive has been completed. A meeting of the workerswas held Friday afternoon when thefinal plans were made for the can,vass and supplies, including membership cards and buttons, were distributed. The complete list of team members follows:City.Miss Jane Marsh,Mrs. R. H. Wills,Mrs. Ed. Hinton,Mrs. Clay Sutherland,Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft,Mrs. John A. Bower,Mrs. W. G. Griffin,Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger,Mrs. Russell Clayton,Mrs. Duncan Bell,Mrs. Ed Tucker,Mrs. Frank Kiser,Mrs. Ed Spears,Miss Charlotte Henry,Miss Sarah Louise Bedford,Mrs. Wade Whitley,Mrs, White Varden,Mrs. F. P. Lowry,Miss Olivia Orr,v Mrs. Harry Collins,Mrs.jsCallie Thomas Nichols,Miss Margaret Ardery,Mrs. Watson Judy,Mrs. H. A. Mathers,Miss Bessie Purnell,Mrs. John Gilkey,Mrs. Lee Price.County.Mrs. J. W. Young,Mrs. Frank Sledd,Mrs. Tollie Young,Miss Martha Stephenson,Miss Sarah Stephenson, -Miss Frances Clay,Mrs. C. C. Clark,Miss Virginia Wetherall,Mrs. Aylette Buckner,Mrs. Thomas McCray,Mrs. Robert Hopkins,Mrs. Elmer Boardman, .Mrs. Sparks Wilson,Mrs. Chas. McDaniels,Miss Callie Gay,Miss Delia Tinder,Miss Elizabeth Caywood,Mrs. L. R. Henry,Miss Charlina Ball,Mrs. Shirley Dalzell,Mrs. R. H. Biddle, Jr.,Mrs. Hiram Redmon,Miss Lillie Williams.During the "Red Cross Roll Call"isa fittimr season to take counselwith our inner selves, to rekindle theold flame, to reaffirm allegiance topractical patriotism and practicalhumanitarianism, and to symbolizethe regeneration of our betterthoughts and handsomer selves byre-enlistment in a great army, mobilized for the common good Woodrow Wilson.The opening of the fourth annualRed Cross roll call will test the people of Bourbon County a testto see how many have a heartand a dollar. The roll call opened onArmistice Day in every part of theUnited State and continues for twoweeks. But it is not the habit ofBourbon County folk to let -things-dragvery long and consequently thelocal chapter expects to go over thetop in three days at the most.Every minister will make an announcement or deliver a sermon onthe scope and purpose of the Red- " I VTA. ..riwAVAUjr . Xli VV 111 UZ IkCUCross Sunday" and in the afternoonteams in various part of the countywill conduct house to house canvasses. Other teams will wait until Monday or -'Tuesday to conduct theirdrives.Throughout the week Red Crossworkers under the captiancy of MissMildred Collins, campaign chairman,have been busy with .preliminaryplans. Posters have been placed inthe show windows in the business district and throughout the county,blotters, cards and other advertisingmatter have been distributed. Thewhole county has been divided intodistricts and teams appointed to makethe canvasses."DANDERINE"Girls! Save Your HairMake It Abundant! -tjt-fA"'-2Immediately after a "Danderinemassage, your hair takes on newlife, lustre and wondrotis beauty, appearing twice as heavy and painful,because each hair seems to fluff andthicken. Don't let your hair staylifeless, colorless, plain or scraggy.You. too. want lots of long strong,beautiful hail.A -35-cent bottle of delightful"Dandenne" freshens your scalp,checks dandiuff and falling hair.Thiq stimulating "beauty-tonic'gives to thin, dull, fading hair thatyoathful brightness and abundantrbicknesf All druggists!-4 (adv-T)oThe needles of a compass does notpoint xtrue oiorth. The nor.th mag-,netic poledoejj not coincide with tbe'iiiorth pole. " ' . , ""r " -W:-YQUR GOLD EASEDAFTER FIRST DOSE'Tape's Cold C::npoim:l" ThenBreaks Ud a Cold In aFew Hours.IRelief comes instantly. A dosetaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks up ajsevere cold and ends all the grippemisery.The very first doso opens yourclog-ged-iip nostrils and the a:-r passages and the headache, dullness,feverishness, sneezing-, soreness andstiffness vanishes.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Clear your congested head! Nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a Jew cents at any drugstore. Jt acts without assistance,tastes nice, contains no quinine.Insist upon Pape's! (adv)oTHE PROFITS FROM PROFITEERINGLittle Cuba wallowed in its wealthwhile sugar was pivoting in prices.But the moment the stilts wereknocked from under the ficticiousprices of that commodity, Cuba runup the white flag, and it was necessary for the President of that Republic to declare a moratorium untilDecember 1, in order to keep thennnn(i"iT ffrkm o-riror rtrt tllrfl 1 nVrCP"'nThe "big story of Cuba is identicalin i1Q ii ctr,rV wwin !c;tevery community of our own land.Institutions which have made moremoney in a single year than they hadever made before in a dozen years,cannot -ee their way clear to lowerprices and to help the country to restore itself to its normal conditions.This is doubly hard if it makes itnecessary lo sell the stock of goodyon hand at actual cost, or below cost.Neverthless, the sad news" i? dawning, and even the profiteers are beginning to understand that theboom diys are over,, and thai theyliiiist adopt the methods of far-seeingindustiial leaders who declarethat it is high time to return tothe conserative standardsindustry,: om traderjnNtMbt5MUNCANT STAYStomach Pain, Sourness, Gases,and Acidity ended with"Pape's Diapepsin"Qut-ofro: del stomachs feel fine atonce! When meals don't fit and you ,belch gos, acids and undigested (iood. When you feel indigestion 'pain, lur.ms of distress in stomach,heartburn or headache. Here i? in-'stant relief. IJust bs soon as you eat a tablet ortwo of Pape's Dlarepi.in al' the dys- jpepsia, inaii;ebiioii aim iumijii mtress caiised by acidity willG-n(iThese p'.casnnt, harmless tablets ofPape.'s Diapppsin always put nick,upset, acid Ptrmac-'i-s in order at onceand tluv eCbi x little at drug stores.(adv)oThe: - r.i's Tcpx.Billy, imi '. fmil r Sundayschool, -.i- !''. ' J-i a dune everytime he nMi-fMil-'f rht sermon. Foronce he "pi ti jrre Interest."Just think, dndil.x, it va ahout flying ninchlnes." "Whnt?" -aid da'ddy,"you're mistaken." And he answered:"No, sir, I'm not. The teacher saidEsau sol.l hi heirship to his hrotherJacob."oKansas Thought for the Day.After she got a little used to it,how would your wife enjoy heing awidow? It's a sohering question.Isn't it, fellows? Mulvane News.AT AUSMALL FARMOn Thursday, November 18th, 1920At 10:00 O'clock A. M.We will sell to the highest bidder in tracts of 10 acres and up, thefa urn.Situated about 9half mile from Interurlcorner of the place on the Houstonbuilding. Schools and churchesAll the tracts have a good pike fi outage, and aie well watered, with a good building site on each. Immediats possession can be had -except one. room retained until the present occupant removes crops arid stock.Immediately after the sale of real estate we will sell some personal pioperty " consisting of about 125hhocks of com, two extra good Jersey cows, frtsh this winter,ne good combination mare, household furnbture and other articles.Terms easy for real estate, to bo announced on day of sale. The personal property will be sold forcash. This is a bona fide sale to settle the estate of Mrs. Juliet P. Kenney, and every tract .will be soldto the" highest bidder without reserve or by-bid. Mr. Kennej-, who is on the place, will shew the propertvto anyoue interested.Security Trust Company"(Tnovi.OTo C.'san Milk Bottles.Milk bottles are sometimes a littlehard to clean. Cefore emptying theteapot or tea hall take out some ofthe wet tea leaves, put them Into themilk bottle and add a little cold water. Put your hand over the mouthlof the bottle and shake It well, Rinsethoroughly with clear water. The tealeaves take off all thnt white depositthat makes the glass dull. This meth' od is sure to cleanse.And Hardest.It has been our observation that ItIs the ripe scholar who falls the quickjgt Dallas News,Farms For SalerWe have a big list -of. farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and term3.Write or call for this big list. Makeyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,Vevay and Madison,Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot) ",NoticeNotice is hereby given that allclaims against the firm of AllieRowland and Forest Buchanan, doing business as The Citizen's Garageor against either of them individu-.ally must be presented properlyproven as required by law to theundersigned receiver or to hie attorneys prior to January 1, 1921.Done pursuant to order of CourtieA innthe casHardware Companycase of Simmonsvs. Allie Rowland, etc., pending in the BourbonCircuit Court.II. W. MANN, Receiver,Hinton, Bradley & Bradley, tyr.(novl2-19-26)(NoticeAll persons indebted to the firm ofAllie Rowland and Forest Buchanandoing business at The Citizen's Garage or to, either of them individually,are hereby notified to call on theundersigned receiver or his attorneys and settle such indebtednesswithout delay. Suits will be instituted on all claims considered collectable, which are not paid by the15th day of December. 1920.Done pursuant to rder of Court,entered in the case of SimmonsHardware Company vs. Allie Rowland, etc.. pending in the Bourbrn! Circuit Court.H. W. MANX, Receiver,Hinton, Bradley & Bradley, Attj-s.(novl2-19-26)For SaleFord Sedan, with wire wheels.In good condition. A bargain al"5600.RTJGGLES MOTOR CO.(26-tf)Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus Cumberland phone 7, or HomePhone 42&XXir. jriY.tt.Ii3 1AA1, JU.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.For SaleOne IcDougal Kitchen Cabinet;two Keltax Chairs and Divan; oreNew Process Stove, all good as new.Call Cumberland Phone 73.For Sale1918 Maxwell touring car, good,tires, and in good shape mechanical -ly.A 1917 Studebaker "Four"touring car, good tires and good mechanically. Both these cars are prici ed right and for a quick sale. Comeand see them at Citizen's Garage.GIBSON MOTOR CO.,(9-tf) Both Phones 294.miles from Paris and 9 miles from Lexington on the Houston and Antioch pike oneirban stop No. 34 on he Lexington and Paris line, and with railroad station at the'pike.improvements A good framecloseAArfmr. with the WillFor RentFlat of 5 rooms with all modernconveniences. Close In. Apply toMITCHELL, MORELAND &.MITCHELL,G17 Main Street Paris, Ky.(12-2t)PostedPositively no more hi.nt-ng, trapping-or trespassing will be permitted on any land beloninfr to Mrs.Sallie B. Hedges. Violators will beprosecuted.(14-4t) W. A. GRIMES.WantedReliable (man to sell guaranteedroof and barn paints to tobacofarmers on local warehouse floorsthis winter. Keep indoors. Makebig profits. Write at once.RODES PRODUCTS CO.,(nov!2-tf) . Burgin, Ky.New FirmWe have formed a partnershipunder the firm name of Paynter &Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blacksmithing, woodworking and horseshoeing businessat the old Curtis stand, in EastParis. We know our businessthoroughly and invite your patron-age, guaranteeing nest workmanship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STROTHBR PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.(octl.tf)WELDINGAUTO EEPAIRmG AKD- GENERAL MACHINE W0EK.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)JlVekCHIROPODISTrFootSpecialistAll Troubles of theRemoved Withoutthe KnifeEVERYTUESDAYANDFRIDAYOfficeWINDSOR HOTELParis, Ky.CTI0N!farm known as the; Wm. Kenneyresidence, barnand other out-Aimwrt fifes. JuKrt P. KtyI'-Ir-af'V1.a-0,,i.r-lLT-'.J6PFJTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1920THE BOUfrhblt NEWS, PARIS, " KENTOCMPAGM"fcSOCIAL AND PERSONALWIW"l"flMttfflfcEswJhI Another Royal Suggestion II nniTHWRITITC! J rDm t rnn I. vviu,UIi; any ULLUWFrom the New Royal Cook Book)OUGHNUTS! fA- IhQra j nothing Imore wnoiesome anddelightful than doughnuts or crullers rightlymade.Doughnuts3 tablespoons shorteningcim sugrarlegs73 cup milk1 teaspoon nutmeg1 teaspoon salt3 cups flour4 teaspoons RoyalBaking- PowderCream shortening: addsugar and well-beatenegg; stir in milk; add nutmeg, salt, flour and baking powder which havebeen sifted together andenough additional flour tomake dough stiff enoughto roll. Roll out on flouredboard to about -inchthick; cut out. Fry indeep fat hot enough tobrown a piece of bread inCO seconds. Drain on unplaced paper and sprinklewith powdered sugar.Crullers4 tablespoons shortening1 cup sugar2 eggs3 cups flour1 teaspoon cinnamon ii teaspoon salt3 teaspoons RoyalBaking Powderjs cup milkCream shortening: addsugar gradually and beat-'en eggs; sift togetherflour, cinnamon, salt andbaking powder; add onehalf and mix well; addmilk and remainder ofdry ingredients to makesoft dough. Roll out onfloured board to about -inchthick and cut intostrips about 4 inches longand -inch wide; roll inhands and twist eachstrip and bring ends together. Fry in deep hotfat. Drain and roll inpowdered sugar.ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolaiety PureMade from Cream of Tartar,derived from grapes.FREENew Royal Cook Book containing these and scores ofother delightful recipes. "Writefor it TODAY.BOYAL BAKING POWDER CO.115 Fulton Street, New York CityComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and. Elsewhere.mMILLERSBURGMrs. Martha T. Vimont left Saturday for a few days' visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. A. Munsing, atMaysville.Mrs. Bayles DeEell left Saturday for her home at Ewing, after afew days' visit to her her daughter,Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, and family.Mrs. Wm. D. Mclntyre will entertain Thursday in honor of MipsAlma Duke Jones and. hr guestsMrs. Van and Mrs. Thompson, otGeorgia.THE SICK. Mr. M. M. Bowlescontinues to grow weaker. No changefor the better in the condition otMesdames Clara Shanks, NannieNorton and Anna Darnell.Miss Olive Fisher and Mrs.Hawkins, will entertain with a musicale at the Millersburg College, tomorrow afternoon, in honor of the"bride-elect, Miss Alma Duke Jones.CARD OF THANKS. We desireto thank our many friends for theirattentio i and assistance during theili:eos and after the death of oursister. Miss Laura C. Jefferson.MR. AND MRS. R. M. CALDWEL1,.Mrs. M. B. Vann, Mrs. ArtiiuiThqmpsc-n, of Gainesboro, Georgia,are guests of Miss Alma Duke Jones.Miss Jones' sister, Mrs. -Priness j.Davis, has arrived from Louisville,to participate in the wedding.Tho work of taking debris fromthe basement of the Gymnasiura ofthe Graded School was done lastweek. The basement was concreted,and the furnoce put in thorough repair. This was done voluntarily bythe pations of the school. Luncheon was served at noon by the ladiesof the Parent Teachers League, andwork was done free, which wouldhave otherwise have cost the countabout $300.INDIVIDUAL CHRISTMAS ANDHOLIDAY GREETING CARDSWe are sending off orders everyday for engraving. All orders shouldbe-placed ihis month.Our display is the largest andchoicest line of two of the best engravers in the country.The individuality of our line makesit the best. Sea our window display.Stop, look and hasten in.THE BOURBON NEWS ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT.oThe outside Walls o fmany of thehouses ir Mexico are from three feetto six feet thick to withstand earthquake shocks. -;;; x9ki J PhonographsUlflC and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M. E. PRUITT5Miilersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.Dr. J. H. Comer has returnedfrom a visit in Bowling Green.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisierspent the week-end in Louisville asguests of friends and relatives.Mrs. Philip Christian, of Harrodsburg, fc a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Gus Christman, on Twentienth.street.Mr. and Mrs. Williajm Howardhave returned to their home inRichmond after a visit to relativesin this city.Mr3. John Wise has returned toher home in Versailles after a visitsto Mr. and Mrs, James Douglass, ofMain street.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternattended the meeting of the Southern Medical Association, in Louisville, yesterday.Keith Phillips, of Atlanta, Ga.,is a guest of his wife and family atihe home of Mr. and Mrs. JamesDouglass, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Clevelandhave returned- from Louisville, wherethey have been attending the GypsySmith revival meetings.Mrs. Nathan Bayless and Mrs.Nellie Highland are patients at theMassie Memorial Hospital, wherethey are under treatment.Mrs. Susan Baker has returnedto her home in Lexington after avisit to iiei daughter. Mrs. LoganHoward, and Mr. Howard.Miss Georgia Christman, whorecently underwent a serious surgical operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is improving. The North Middletown Mothers'Club and the Woman's club obpervedChildrens' Book Week Friday afternoon by a story-telling program tothe children in the Public Schoolbuilding.Mrs. Lottie Fisher Pumphrey,daughter of Mrs. Alice RemingtonFisher, formerly of Paris, underwenta successful surgical operation at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington. Friday evening. .Mr. and Mrs. Albert Small recently celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of their wedding, at theirhome near Carlisle. Among theirchildren present were Airs WalterWilliams, Mrs. Jesse Hill and E. H.Small, of Bourbon county.The following members of Bourbon Lodge, Odd Fellows, are in Lexington to-day, attending th" sessionsof the Grand Lodge, as delegates:Mayor E. B. January, Dr F. M.Furies, William Chisholm, Wm. A.Lail, A. L. Burley, John Chisholm,John H. Doty, Wolford Ewalt, P. J.McCord, A. "i. Bedford, LawrenceVanhook, George Rose and Wm.Boiling. ,Charlton Clay is entertaining ahouse party at his country home,"Marchmont," near Paris. Membersof the party are Mr. and Mrs. CraU;Culbertson. Mr. and Mrs. Sanderri Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Jonesj and Mr. Arthur Middle! on. all of'Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Martin and Dr. and Mrs. Robert Coleman, ot Lexington, were guests atthe home Friday afternoon andevening.Mrs Edward Spears, of Paris,was guest of honor at a bridge partygiven in Lexington by Mrs RichardT. Anderson, at her home on Ash'land av?nue. The house and tableswere decorated with yel;ow andwhite crysanthemums The placecards were handpainted in Thanksgiving emblejms. Bridge was enjoyed after a deJiciou3 luncheon. Tusrutst tfi-ize. a fancv basket filledjwith little jars of confections, wasj awarded to Mrs. Spears. Aboutj twenty-five guests enjoyed the afternoon.(Other Personals on Page 5)We Now Offer the-rTITAN 10-20 Tractor on aNew Time-Payment PlaniKESP.;ryThis new plan is temporary, to relievethe present unusual financial situation, andis therefore subject to withdrawal at anytime. . rWe also guarantee you the benefit ofpossible low prices.With every Titan 10-20 Tractor x purchased from us between now and May 1,1921, we will give our written guarantee thatif the International Harvester Company ofAmerica reduces its price on Titan 10-20Tractors on or before May 1, 1921, we willreiund the purchaser the amount of suchreduction. v. Why wait? You can't lose by ordering now. Come in and see us. .c.ALL GARAGECORNER FOURTH AND PLEASANT STREETSjfti7fllraYvgV72rv9ARE YOU GOING TO MARRY iWe have rhe most exclusive lineof samples of wedding invitations,announcements and iadividualChristmas cards now on display inthe State. Let us sell you nowwhile you have time to get thembefore, the holiday rush of work begins. THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT, (tf)m&M&s&LWBgmtojsm.uA asWi&jf-v. ?..EvRNAQg fojtfcJtcmqp-.fa'tfIW)0.WiLLIJMSjQ.ttPJPELE5iMflBlH-JuyiipfeEAlJ--. mejf&pyfyirf'vfofcS--... ?'-lt.?.,tiXie A4atiUOlVcrcetHOr'QCinfianMUUyifruiiaartnKjtt:'ffyii-f-?)4iattv?mwrtrw;7iMj0imimwfa9i:iSQytx' "' rfitituttiirfv.lillKLCANHAVE PRETTY EYESNo gill or wqman is pretty if hereyes are red, stiaine'C or have darklines. Simple witchhazel, camphor,hydrastfs, etc., as mKed in Lavoptikeye wash, will brighten the eyes an.1a week'-5 use will surprise you withits QUICK results. Regular use ofLuvoptik keeps the eyes healthy,sparklii'f- and vivacious. The quickchange will please you. - Daintyaluminum ey-? cup FREE. Brooks &Snapp Drug Co. (adv)oCOURT DECISION PATAL TOSTATE ROAD AID.A severe blow was dealt roadconstiuction in the State of Kentucky when Judge Gus Thomas, ofthe Court of Appeals decided thatHopkins county had no authority toler-d the State $150,000 out of itsbond isue for the use in construction of the Dixie Beeline in thatcountv. according to Joe S. Boggs,State Highway Examiner. As a result of this decision Mr. Boggsthinks that fifty-six of the sixty-,Legislature as the primary systemof State highways will not be constructed unless steps be taken foran enlaigement of the revenues ofthe road department and the lavyingof scpne form of tax that is constitutional. - -ASPIRINNName "Bayer" on GenuineIMr77!VSMA. S. Best & Co.Both Phone 33(26oc-8t) .Millersbursr, KentuckyTt'ei p.rimin&i t.n take a "chance onany substitute for "Bayer Tablets ofAspirin." Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tabletsyou are not getting genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians ior iweaiyone years and proved safe 'by millions. Take Aspirm oniy as ioia mtTif, -Rover nackaee for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache, Lumbago and forPain. Handy tin boxes, oi -iwervutablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger packages. Aspirin isthe trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monaeeticacidester of Salicylicacid. dv)-o :-The United States was the first na-ridn to adopt decimal comaseThe Dollar IsConvalescentI Each day in our store it is beginningto look more like its former self, and weare helping to hasten its complete recovery. 3 Although our prices were always withinreason, we gladly are ready to forgetprofit and bring prices down.fl These radical reductions are in everydepartment, so get your share of the x -Nbargains.Offering Men's Suits and Overcoats at$15.00, $18.50, $20.00, $25.00That you have seen priced for much more, is sure toconvince you of our earnestness.I We are agents for that good MunsingUnderwear.9 "Trade at Home" and call our storeHOME.TWIN BROS,' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'L619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorBourbon Feed Mfg. Co,tv. D. MITCHELL., Successor to Perry McCann aV Mitchell Ni 'HAZARD COAL No. 4r i jcNo Better Comes Out of then Mines.Call In While We Hire ftetyt.istVIT 4X ,f i yrA-- -r'-vcvyPAGBFOCJmTB BOURBON, NEWS, PAWS, KKSTUOLYTUES'DJX N0V1MMH-I. 1ST20J"hJ' 5J-v:-HEAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONSEDITORIAL ELINGS OE THIS,S. B. McClanahan purchased recently, of Thod. S. Galloway the hojme,on St oner avenue-, known as the P.. A. Thompson residence, for $10,0D0.r Mr. Galloway will give possession of,the property on April 1, 1921,when Mr. McClanahan will occupyit.oNEW POSTOEFICE RULINGTHAT EF MOTHERPostmaster J. Walter Payne informs THE NEWS that hereafter letters and circulars carrying- onecentpostage will be returned to the sender if the printed line, "Return Postage Guranateed" is on the circularor envelope, according to a newpostoffice ruling.Eusinoj-s houses by carrying thisJine can keep their (mailing lists upto date, otherwise the piece of mailwould be thrown away,oThe Whippet airplane, with folding wings, is thought to "be -thismallest aircittft so far devised.Receiver's Sale-OF-.Garage Property!Notice is hereby given that underan order of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, H. W. Mann, receiver for the- Citizens Gsrage, on December the4, 1920, at the building of the Citizens Garage, on the corner of ofSecond and Main streets, in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic outcry to the highest and bestbidder the following described property in a whole or in such manneras he may deem best.The property to be sold is listed"as follows:1 Dallon Adding Machine;1 Peerlers Check Writer;1 Roll Top Desk;'1 Small Office Safe;-" 1 Lot of Loose Leaf Binders;Automobile Supplies and Accessories; 1 Used Flanders Machine;' 1 Used Ford Touring Car;11 Horse Power Electric Motor,'Air Compresser and Tank;1 Lot of Top Tools.The receiver reserves the right to.fcell ihe above property privately before the date of said sale.Said sale will be made upon thecredit of r,hree months, the purchaser being required to executebond wth good surety approved byvhe receiver, said bonds to bear interest at the rate of six per cent.(6) per annum from date of salountil paid, or the purchaser may paycash if he so desires.The receiver reserves the right tnl eject any and all bids.- H. W. MANN, Receiver.(novl6-19-23-26-30-dec3)A Kentucky paper reports an unusually large amount of dirty papermoney in circulation. Oh, well, whatdoes that matter, we are all willingto wash our hands.,Personally we don't claim to bemuch of a character reader, butsometimes we see young women oathe streets of Paris whose facesblaze as redly as their tempers do,perhaps, at home.Over in West Virginia the hopiebrew i3 called "Old Hen." It takejthree weeks to "set." Over here inParis, Ky., they can't wait thatlong. "Chickens often drink itwhen It's warm.'Those Paris people who couldn'twork for the past six months because they were talking politics soJmuch, won't be able to work forthe next six months because theywill be busy exposing the errors ofthe Government.tForty-seven -States in this gra-ndold UniGn are beginning to believethat when Ohio sings. "My Country.'Tis Of Thee," she puts entirely toomuch emphasis on the "my." Forcorroboration of this ask any Democrat in the countryIn the election .just over lifelongRepublicans and -age-old Democratsin Paris, as well as in other parts ofthe countiy, crossed party lines likedancers in an old-fashioned squaredance. Change partners, balance tocorners, vli hands around and, atthe end, everything precisely whereit was at the beginning.0Now that the Presidential racehas been disposed of, and numerous"reforms" in process of formation,the next step of the refonmers, morethan likely, will be a campaignagainst tobacco. There is more thana possibility of such a campaign.And, as a wise man from-Kentuckyonce remarked: "The darn foolAmerican people will st:;nd for anything!' The Cincinnati Enquirer wants toknow what the Governor of NortfcCarolina says to the Governor ofSouth Carolina when they meet inthese degenerate days. We can guess.He says. "Oh. how dry I am," andthen they sine it as a duet. And asan afterthought they make use of a ismall English word of four letters,the first one "h" and the last "1:"Are we right or wrong?CENTER DEFEATS THE JL.V1ELEVEN.Center College easily triumphedover the Kentucky University elevenin the annual game played Saturdayon Stoll Fieid, in Lexington. Thefinal score was 49 to 0. The Centerteam outplayed their opponents atevery, stage of the gapne, althoughthe Wildcats battled hard evqry inchof the way. Alex Rice, Jr., of Pari,played left end on the K. U. team.Many from Paris attended the game.the aid of the party '' We don'tthink he ought to mix politics with.typewriter repairing, especiallywhen the election results went tliawrong way.w"Jay walking is one of the 'bestways known to commit suicide. Statistics show that 75 per cent, of thepedestrians ki.ocked down and' killedr injuied by antos last year werehit when crossing the street at somepoint other than a street interseoiton. If you must "jay-walk," keepyour eyes open and 'don't blanie thennotoristF if lie or she hits you.A traveling typewriter man camnUNE SHORTHORN CATTLE SOLD!IN SALE.The annual sale of the KentuckyShorthorn Breeders' Association atTattersalls' sales stable, iir Lexington, resulted in the sale of fiftyhead of registered Shorthorns. Thehighest price was $1,450.A large number of breeders fromKentucky, Tennessee, Virginia andseveral otner States attended theFale. Most of the cattle were sold toBluegrass farmers. Among thosewho made purchases were Ora Lebussnd son, of Cynthiana; BowyerBros., .Lexington; W. M. Robb.Winchester; Oscar Johnson, Milleraburg; R T. Judy, Mt. Sterling, aniJ. D. Redraon, Pans.The ca'tle were all .highly pedigreed stock of Scotch breeds andone sold for $600.The grand champion bull of anyage, Premier, consigned by O. B.Gager, Paris, Ky., topped the bulloffering at 600, going to Poles andEschuldy Hot Springs, Va., who wereirood buyers throughout the sale. lWauneta 2d one of the female offerings from the Gager consigament,Bold for $825 going to H. T. D.Wills, Challenge, Tenn.Best heifer over 15 (months andunder two years, C. B. Gager, Parid,on Wauneta 2nd. Best cow twoyears old and over, I. C. Smith.Campbellville, on Dale's Glostcr793258.O. M. Johnson, Millersburgf lot 4,Janet 9th, No. 886143, $475. 12.Princess Gloster, No. 812160, $165.30. Ury's Pet 4th, $200. 31. MinaRose 2d, $200. 47 Proud Princess3rd, No. 858709, $260."RENEW ALLEGIANCE TO THERED CROSS.You should renew your membership in the American Red Cross because the Red Cross must be prepared to meet any disaster caused byfiie, flood, storm or epidemic; because the Red Cross is establishing"health centers, in co-operation withofficial and other health agencies,for health information and instruction; because the Red Cross is building up the country's nursing resources; because the Junior RedCross is developing a finer type oiAmerican citizenship; because theRed Cross is still serving the armyand navy, as well as caring for theex-service men; because the RedCross is answering humanity's callby continuing its relief work in otuer countries. "It is the soul of theNation mobilized for service."South of the. equatorTBnenos Aires,Rio de Janeiro and. Sydney are thethree largest cities in point cf 'population.WantedPARIS BANKING CLEARINGSDo we really want Edison to irvent ah instrument by which thedead can talk to us? Just think ofthe- things first wives who hav.passed beyond might say to theirsuccessors, and of the "I-told-you-so's"that would come hummingover the psychic wire. The earthljtelephone is tryranical enoughwhat would be our lot if we were atthe command of a ghostly central?Certain Paris reformers are clamoring for the abolition, of "objectionable features" in- the movies. Nobody but the reformer :s objecting,by the way. A much more neededleform is the abolition of the persons in The audience who insist onleading the titles aloud; pushing theback of your seat out with theirknees; munching peanuts and popcorn; trying to accompany the orchestra with whistling and a hundred other nuisances that could benamed.uTf y,annanr,A .. o i I llP lately, and is likely to remain stf, " ? onnfff y,?aIS;; til the Christmas savings are ro-rr-r:r;rrrw..t":-ttXTx.!iur; itased, & the tobaccoivj oiaii uuiu rillU illlU JC1IKU. Oil U1PEIRST SNOW OF WINTERParis people awoke yesterdaymorning to find the first snow of theseason on the ground. Snow hadbeen reported once before, but insuch small quantity that it was seenby only a few. - Snow fell late Sunday night, or early yesterday morning, remaining on the ground only ashort time, being really only a snowflurry. "3 or 4 nice rooms for man and.wife. CallFRED WECKESSER,AtBusy Bee Cash Store.(16-lt)Honey For SaleI have homy for sale in 60 poundcans, two cans toxne case, .at z&cents per pounds, P.0. B. Paris, Ky.A. J. WOODWARD;(16-2t) Mt. Olivet, Ky.Help WantedWhite girl or middle-aged whitewoman fo do light housework infamily of three. No washing. Salary and good home. Apply toJ. W. SHOUT,L. & N. Baggage Room,Tenth Street Passenger1 Station.(16-3t) Paris, Ky.Clearings of the four Paris banksfor the past week aggregated $613,663.37, a decrease of $23,978.36,compared with the previous week'sreport. With the holidays but a tewweeks away, business is beginningto take on a livelier tone, and fromnow on ihe merchants willbe busY.Shoppers are asked to do their shopping early and avoid the Chiistmasnish.Tbe money market has tightenecmarketsopen. The growers and handlers areagerly awaiting developments inthe local market.nr&t lap of its regular trip out. "Allright, back there?" called out Conductor John Duvall from in front ofthe car. '.Hold on!" came a femi- t onine voice excitedly. "Wait till I getmy clorhes on!" Everybody in the SCHOOL STUDENTS ARE DISCUSS-car turned and craned their necksin anticipation of witnessing an unexpected disrobing scene. But it wasonly a colored woman with a basketof laundry.ING CHRISTMAS.TJie first talk of holiday entertainments has begun, and the countyschools seem to be the principalsource, there being a number of old-ume uurisimes trees already pian-OU R facilities areof the highestcharacter. We areequipped to satisfythe most exactingclient. The courteous conduct of ourstaff matches the up-to-datenessof ourequipment.' iMiiniiiimimA Cincinnati newspaper no longerspeaks of baseball as a game, but as I ned. Although the plans have not"an industry." We daresay that it is : been completed, they are being giva very smart and superior method- of , on attention SnmA ne io twriioNinto THE NEWS office Wednesday ( depreciation. Eut hard words TreaK have announced ihat shculd it be theafternoon and after inspecting the no bones, snd if the reform scheme desire of the nunils. there will bacmoQ err TY-ki 11c? flot As 3i4- 4- 4-Trwcorrespondence and editorial departments of the paper, asked permissionto write a few lines by way of test.He left- one piece of paper in one ofthe machines. Upon investigatingwe found these words or. it. "This isthe time for all good men to come todo actually succeedabout a reformationin bringingsomethingChristmas trees in the school.Bourbon county is said to aboundwhich can not always be predicted of I in trees of an appropriate size andleform schemes it will be a matter kind, and there should be no dearthof indifference what particular sneer of ornament holders. There will alsoappeals to the high brows. All the J be a number of Christmas trees in"fans" want is to have baseball the Paris churches for the SundayIrept a clean honest sport! schools.fiiltfSKM mLJ.l'IflJ.Iitss URiiikii'ini'nkSICashOnlyCASH CONVERTING SALEOr Turning Goods into Cash in the Shortest Possible TimeCashOnlyMahogany ChiffonierA Beauty.Sale Price $68.75Old Price $150Axrainster Rugs9x12 FeetSale Price $51.90Old Price $70.00White Steel KitchenCabinetWith Glass Top.Sale Price $88.90Old Price $125 00Comforts and BlanketsJlere is a SampleSale Price $7.13Old Price $9.50Cedar ChestsFor ExampleSale Price $33.75Old Price $45.00-Solid Mahogany LivingRoom SuiteSale Price $393.75Old Price $525.00This Means You Do Not Have to Wait for Lower PricesTHIS MEANS our CASH CONVERTING SALE PRICES are lower than the low price WHENTHEY COME.THIS MEANS that, though the manufacturers are NOT making any material reductions in ourlines, WE are going to not only make reductions, but we are going to SLASH right and left FORCASH,THIS MEANS that we have too much stock and and NOT enough money.THIS MEANS that we have to have money, and when we have to have it we have to have it.THIS MEANS if you need any sort of housefurnishings NOW IS THE TIME and THIS THEPLACE for you to get them.THIS MEANS that we court comparison of PRICES and QUALITY with ANYBODY.THIS MEANS this'is the time for you to buy your CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, for we will keepthem for you until you are ready.AND DO NOT FORGET We will not charge any goods at the CashConverting Sale prices. All goods must be paid for when bought. Wedeliver when you wish; we deliver what you buy.The items mentioned in this space are mentioned merely to give you an IDEA of what this saleMEANS TO YOU. We cannot insist, too strongly that you come EARLY, for we will not run thissale ANY LONGER THAN SEEMS NECESSARY.THE J. T. MINTOft CO.Homefurnishings CORNER SIXTH AND MAIN UndertakersBrass BedsSALE PRICE $58.25Old Price $75.C0Iron BedsSALE PRICE $24.00Old Price $30.00Bed Room SuitesWalnut Colonial.SALE PRICE $380.00Old Price $475.00Dining SuitesBeautiful 10-piece Brown Mahoganyvery fine.SALE PRICE $875.00Old Price $850,00' Ivory Vanity DressersLarge mirrorf;" fine finish.SALE PRICE $77.50Old Price $125.00 .Talkiacf Machines'Put one aside now for ChristmasSALE PHICE $180.00Old Price $225. Lots of others.Library TablesA Wonderful assortment. Hereis oneSALE PRICE $33.75Old Price $45.00Lace Curtains and Draperies-Weare simply cutting the life out of theprices of all lace Curtains and Draperies. Wondejful "bargains m. all Idno3eums, Electrcliers. Mattresses ' andSprings, and, in fact, every articlein our fctore.Cash OnlyWe Know Wall Paper Going to Be Very High.BUY WONDERFUL BARGAINS NOW !s Cash Only10jI i -- "U--"V3 jij-'r;r ts f f "?v-f?1-"H"ftr" "J,sr-SSCV- -r ZJ- X - j ' ""KrJ .L-y1 ,?-- -V- jfe Jk? Kj&r.V7 -- Ji-TUESDAY, NOVEMBExl6,1920"--.w -" ' --THE-BOURBONoSBWS- PAKIS, KENTUCKYFAC'JO-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FOR SALE.We are prepared to build cattle troughs and hog housespromptly at reasonable prices.Call either phne 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(15-2t)THE BEST COFFEES TON EAHTH.We have the best coffees on earthat the lowest prices.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.CENTAL SERVICEWe are now able to supply yonwith dependable Dodge and Maxwe 1SERVICE STA-rental service.BOURBON EXIDETION,(1) 209 Main Street, Phone 307.oSCHOOL SUPPER.A fcuppei will be given Thursdaynighl, N ember 18, at the HoustonSchool house, to which the public iscordially invited! Miss Birdie ClayWebb is teacher.WARP PLACED TWDER $15,000BOND.In Covington, Saturday, MikeWard, formerly of Paris, was givena preliminary hearing, charged withthe mmder of Thos. Malioney, offronton. Oliio, several weeks ago.Ward was held to the next grandjury, with his bond placed at $15.000. Waid was unable to furnishthe bond, and was remanded to jail.AUTOTAKEN ANDLATER.RETURNEDhome' n,D' ThomPpo" is ill at heraome on Duncan avenue.Sheiman Latham has returned'nSwtnnle "verTnflV1',,1111' wh0 has benf,py Jl -at hlS h(ne on Duncan avenue, is improving.wo11? He-lon Cain and Msa NellvTttnfeUrned from a shortJ? fr!ends in Cincinnati.retard arnd MrS' C Potts hareturned from a visit to friends inGeorgetown and Mt. SterlingtuI'f ?0&a Be"e Prowell has returned to hor home in Lexington, after a visit to Miss Helen Cain.Wfl7fs- Pepper, of Cynthiana,was a iccent guest at the home ofMrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, in thisAndrew Young has returnedxi um a visit to His daughter, Mrs. E.1. Brown, an,d Mr. Brown, in Cynthiana.--Fred Donaldson, of Chillecothe,Ohio, former Parisian, is visiting hismother, Mrs. Mattie Donaldson, inthis city.Rev. T. W. Demaree, returnedmissionary frcm Japan, is a guest atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Will G.McClintock.Mrs. I, H. Lane will airive fromPhiladelphia to-day to be a guest atthe home of Mrs. Swift Char.jp, onPleasant street.-Mrs. E. F. Clay, Jr., is ill at herhome on the Cynthiana pike, nearParis, having suffered a slightstroke of paralysis.Rankin Mastin, Sam Mastin andWill Mastin, all of Earis, are spending a week's vacation in Spencercounty, on a hunting trip.Mrsr Robert Meteer has issuedinvitation for an "At Home," at heicountry residfnee near Hutchison,on Thursday, November 18.Misj Florence Dick and brother,Samuel Dick, have returned to theirhomo ne?r Paris, from a visit tofriends and relatives m Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Thompson, of near Paris, attended theCentre-Kentucky University footballgame at Lexington, Saturday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Robertsonand little son, C. M. Robe.tson, Jr.,have moved to Paris from Shelbyville, to make" their future homehei e.Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Baird, ofSouth Charleston, Ohio, are guests ofiheir daughter, Mrs. Sidney Ardery.Jr., and Mr. Ardery, on Houstonavenue.Miss Frances Boone has returned to her apartments in theRobneel, after spending severalmonths with friends ind relatives inthe West.-Mrs. E. F. Clay, Jr.. who hasbeen very ill at her home on theCynthiana pike, near Paris, hafabeen re.noved to the Mass'e Memorial Hospital.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson and Hon. Wm. H. McMillan willleave to-day for St. Petersburg,Florida, where they will spend thewinter months.The North Middle town Woman'sClub will meet Friday afternoon. Anillustrated lecture on "ArtisticTouches in The Home' will be giveuby Mrs. J. Walter Payne, of Paris.Patrolman George M. Hill, Harry S. HiJl, Thos. Morris and the latter's private secretary, Wm. Lytle.spent the day in hunting nearHeadquarters, in Nicholas countyyesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Chailes W. Fithian retarned Satuiday from theirhoneymoon visit to relatives In.Huntington, W. Va. They have taken apartment at the home of MissAnna Hutchcraft, corner of Fourthand Pleasant, streets.The dinner which Mrs., ThomasWeathers had planned to give at herhome in Clintonville, Friday evening, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Jefferson Weathers, has been postponed on account of a recent deathin the family of the bridegroom.The Mothers' Club of North Middletqwn observed Childrens' BookWeek by giving a story-telling pro-9Tftm vefitfirdnv afternoon at 2:30NOTICE TO MEMBERS PARIS o'clock, in the Public School build-Col. C. M. Best reported to theLexington police last Saturday afternoon that his automobile had beertaken from its parking place atChurch and Upper streets. The machine, however, was later" returnedto within a shoit distance of tneplace from which- it was taken. Noclue was discovered as to the identity of the party or parties who hadused the machine.-oMUST NOT BURN LEAVESMayor E. B. January, Police JudgaMartin, Health Officer A. H. Kellerand Chief of Police Link have issuedanother warning to Paris people advising them not tor burn dead leaveson the ttreeUs or on their premisesin the city. Infraction of the ordinance against this custom is punis-n-ableby a fine. This ordinance is bfcing vigorously enforced in all Kentucky towns.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanLail, Miss Esther Boatright, Mrs.Walter Meng.Mrs J. Miller Ward, Mis. Woodford Spears and Mrs. Edward Spearsattended a reception given in Richmond, Saturday afternoon, by Mrs.Harvey 'Chenault.Mr. and Mrs. Waller C. Dalbyleft yesterday for Hazard, where Mr.Dalby 'will have charge of a flve-and-ten-centstore. Mrs. Dalby was formerly Miss Virginia Cook.Mr. and Mrs. N. L. Sampsonhave moved from Lexington to Pariu,to reside at' 407 Pleasant street.Mr. Sampson is a member of the L.& N. civil engineering force at this(point.Mr and Mrs. O. B. Chiisholm, ofCape Town, South Africa, are guestsof Mis. Chisholm's brother, Grover,Boone and Harry Baldwin, in thiscity. Mrs. Chisholm was formerlyMiss Ethel Baldwin.Miss Lena May Jones entertained Saturday afternoon witn. abridge party at her home on Booneavenue, in Winchester, in honor olMrs. Shirley Dalzell, formerly MissElizabeth Tarr, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page3.)oBOURBON BEAR FOR KENTONHUNTERS.Closing OutSale!When Wade Hampton Whitley, ofParis, returned from a hunting tripin North Carolina, several month3ago, he brought hqme with him acub bear "he had caught. The animalhad been confined in a shed at My.Whitley's home on Vine street, butduring the past few weeks hadgrown ?o vicious that it became necessary to dispose of him.Filday, Mr. Whitlej made a present of the annimal to a friend inKenton. county, who is an ardenthunter, and the owner of several valuable hunting dogs. The new ownerof the bear will turn him loose in thehills surrounding Covington, andwill stage a bear hunt for rhe entertainment of several sportsmenfriends.Another Big Week ofPRICE SLAUGHTERINGOnly 7 More Weeks Until January 1stPrepare ForWeatherColdEDUCATIONAL PICTURE AT THEALAMO.SILK SHIRTS AT JIALF PRICE.At these prices silk shirts arecheaper than cotton. They are idealas Christmas gifts. Better buy nowand lay them a.ide for Christmas.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PARIS LOSES TO LEXINGTONThe Paris High School secondenm met defeat in a game of football lasr week by the team of theLexington School for Boys, on theLexington field, the final score being 26 to 0. VanMeter, of the Lexington team, and Tucker, of theParis team, divided honors on defense and offensive work. The Paristeam lined up as follows:B. Colliver, left end; Faulkner,left tackle; Dalzell. left guard;Dundon, center; Knox, right eTiard,Quinn, right tackle; Adams, rightend; Tucker, quarterback; W. Collier, left half; Arnsparger, rightright half; Mastin, fullback.oCOMMERCIAL CLUB.Notice is hereby given that thefollowing amendments to the bylaws of the Paris Commercial Clubwill be introduced at the annualmeeting November 23.1. Sections 3 and 4 of Article 3(relating to ihe organization of amembers' council) shall be strickenout. Sections 2 and 4 of Article 1.Sections 5, 7 and 8 of Article 5, andSection 1 of Article 6 shall beamended accordingly.2. Section 4 of Article 5 shall beamended tr. read: "Tne board of directors shall meet on the first andthird Tuesdays of each month, excepting the first Tuesday of November. "WILLIAM E. HATCHER, Sect.oTHANKSGIVING DINNER BY THELADIES OF NORTH MED-DLET0WNThe Mptheis' Club of North Middiet own are rl?ann?r one of theircelebrated Thanksgiving dinners, onThursday, November 25. All the delicacies of the season delightfullycooked will be served, betweentwelve, noon, and three o'clock p.m. One dollar per plate will hncharged. The committee in char&ewill be Mrs. Magnus Rash, Mr3.James O. Evans and Mrs. Hoi ace SBacon. "The women of the ISTortrTMiddletown precinct are justly famous foi the quality of thf-ir hospitality, and the dinner tr. be servedThanksgiving Day will be fully up tothe standard of tho"se served in thepast.Visitpis desiring table reservationsfor one or fmore persons at any particular time between the hours ottwelve o'clock, noon; and three p. nuling. Stories were given, by Mrs.Nellie Dick, Miss Mary iunett anaMiss Josephine Detwnler.Chas. P. ("Pete") Hiner, of theCynthiana Leg. Cabin, was a "visitorin Paris. Sunday. "Pete"' is one ofthe old guard of newspaper men whr.have survived the storms and stressof printerdom. He is a native ofMtSterling, and one of the most genialmen in iho newspaper game.Mrs. Carl Crawford -returnedSunday night from Mobile, Ala.,called here by the serious illness ofher husband. Mr. Crawford is confined to his bed by a serious attack.of lumbago and rheumatism. Mrs.Crawford ha& been in charge of thetea room and culinary department ofthe Young Womens' Christian Association, in Mobile.Mr5. Arthur B. Hancock, otP?ris, was one of the guests Fridayat a brige paity given in Lexington,in honor of the re-organized Luncn-oon-BridgeClub. Mrs. Hancock wasawarded the prize for the highestscore, on architectural plaster copyof a, beautifully designed doorway iran old colonial home in Salem, Mass.The Knights of Columbus Danc-ing Club will entertain at Iheir hallon. Limestone , street, in Lexmgton.Thursday evening. This wIl be thesecond dance vof the series that is tobe given, semi-monthly throughoutthe vinter by the Club. Invitationsto the series were received b? localpeople and members of the local K.of C. Lodge some tijme ago.The Bourbon County Woman'sClub will , observe he followingprogram at their meeting to-morrowafternoon: Department of Music,subject, "Indian Music," leader, Mrs."Wafle H. Whitley;' paper, "Indian,Musicr Mre. John W. Jobmi; Jlluatrattorf ( vocal U "Mr' Maci WMSeveral hundred pupils of the PansHigh School were guests at The Alamo yesterday morning, when aspecial picture, "The Circulation ofThe Blood," was shown. The picturewas one sent out by the Health Department and the State School authorities, as an educational feature.It gave a comprehensive view of theheart functions, pumping of blood toall parts of the human boay, besidesother interesting and instructive features showing how the blood circulates through the body. The purposes ard general features of thopicture were explained, to the youngauditors by a lecturer.oRETURNS TO DUTIES IN THEPHILIPPINES.Fred Battel ton, brother of CountyJudge George Batterton, of Paris,who has been on a furlough visit tohis parents, Air. and Misy AlfredBatterton, of near Paris leftFriday for the return 'ripto Malila, Philippine Islands.Mr. Batterton is stationed at Manilaas inspector of fibre for the UnitedStates government. He will go bywav of Vancouver, British Columbia, 1where he will embark on a P. & O.tfeamer for his destimation. Mr.Batterton has repiesented the government as fibre inspector at Manilafor your years and has given unqualified satisfaction.oJUDGEHURT WILLJUSTICE.BE CHIEFWhen Judge John D. Carroll retires from the Appellate Bench thefirst of the year he will be succeecreaas Chief Justice of the Couit of Appeals by Judge Rollin Hiirt, ofAdair county.Judge W. Rogeis Clay, prepemccimmissioner of the Court, who waselected to the bench, will be succeeded as Commissioner by Jucge C. C.Turner, of Leyington, formerly of MtSterling, who served for severalyears on the Appellate bench.One lot Blankets, size 66x84,$5.00 values, to go ihisweek at .." $3,93Regular $12.50 Blankets, togo tlrs week at $10.98Yfrd wide Percale, 50c qualitySale Prjce, per yard .. ... .-25jHope Bleached Muslin, 35cquality.. Sale Price, per yd . . 22V!jCOuting Gowns, $2.50 value,Sale Price, each $1.69Knitted .Petticoats, 25c value,Sale Price, each . $1.98Skirt and Dress Specials Up to $30.00 values in Dress-s es, to go this week at $14.75Up to $37.50 Dresses to gothis week at $19,75Up to $45.00 Dresses to gothis week at $24.75Up to $55.00 Dresses to gothis week &.t . . . . : $34.75Up to $15.00 Skirts to gc thisweek at , $9.98Up to $20.00 Skirts to go thisweek at.. . .. ..-. .. ..$12.50- tOUTING CLOTHBest quality obtainable, in solid colors and checks, 27 incheswide, to go this week at per yard.25cCoat SpecialsUp to $55.00 Ladies Coats,-to go this week at $29.50Up to ?fi5 00 Ladies Coats,to go this week at $34.75Up to $85.00 Ladies' Coats.to go this week at $49.50Up to $22.50 Children's Coatsto go th's week at $12.50Up to $27.50 Children's Coatsto go this week at $15.00Up to $35.00 Childien's Coatsto go this week at $19.50Underwear SpecialsOne lot Children's Union Suitsformerly sold for $1.00 SalePrice 79cOne lot Children's Union Suitsformeily sold for $1.25, SalePrice 98eOne lot Children's Union Suitsformerly sold for $1.50, SalePrice . .$1.19$1.25 Ladies' Union Suits, togo this week at 79$1.50 Ladies' Union Suits, togo this week at 98cA complete stock of Munsing Underwear at greatly reduced prices.HARRY SIMONI PARIS, KENTUCKY Icon, momljer "c tfetcan arrange for same bv UteDhonim:Mrs. Rash -Mr. imLerVm M. J&tktortoL TUiYj "T-W 3' --??' - 'T I - r -.-rf- - . -.. . " - . .& Wmmtmmr HJcm; (UUKrv.mtmtaij Manure tPhoenixSilk Hosieryis nowreduced.$1 buysthe former$1.15 and $1.30kind.Silk Hosiery- for women, too,canjbe boughtat new ---lowered prices.Better getyour Christmassupply now.4If-it .comesfrom Ddvisr. t"?:-' vC-.a &! r -Cold Weather is HereAnd You'll Be Benefitted Greatly If You'll ComeHere To Buy YourSUIT OR OVERCOATAt Our Readjustment Sale!we have the merchandise you have the moneyyou Want the merchandise we want the moneyAnd that is why we are making such attractive prices on our suitf arioTovercoatsIThis is a great saving for you, and you should take advantage of it withoutfurther delay. You're reaping the benefits while we're losing to meet the demands of the public for lower prices. We'll prove our showing the best, and oarvalues, too, if you'll give us a call.$15.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to : $12.00$18,00 Suits and Overcoats "cut to t 14.40$20.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to 16.00$22.50 Suits and Overcoats' cut to t "1 8.00$25.00-Suits and Overcoatscut to : 20.00$27.50 Suits -and Overcoatscut to 22.00$30:00 Suits and Overcoatscut-to 24.00-$32.50 Suits and Overcoats, .cut to ..- 26.00$35.00 Suits and Overcoats ; "'cut to " 28.00$37.50 Suits and Overcoatscut, to 30.00$40.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to v 32.00$42.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to ...., .v 34.00$45. 0Q Suits and Overcoatscut to $36.00$47.50 Suits and Overcoats. cut to 3S.OO$50.00 Suits and Overcoats"cut to .......t 40.OO$52.50 Suits and Overcoats .cut to 42,00$55.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to - 44.00$57.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to 46. OO$60.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to 48,00$62.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to ...... 50.00165.00 Suits and jGyercoatscut to 52.00$67.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to.,... ..... 54.00$70.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to....- 56.00"$75.00 Suits and OvercoatsO ?cut to 60.00CASHNO APPROVALSR7th andMahv?-P, WALSHr JPrtiKi.-2l- .- -V -bp9y.-!M- -n3tm-vif-5- -tix.-6 'vA - A,BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYK- it AGE SOLTHEyr$jrI- -Vfp- m. ,. rPEGGY coughed for an hourafter bedtime -until Motherthought of Kemp's Balsam. Ahalf teaspoon ful quickly relieved the irritation, after whichshe s66n went to ieeii.KEMP'S BALSAWill Stop That CooghMlECONOMYAND THEPOWER.USE OFGETTING IN TOUCH WITH THEBEST.Edward Everett Hale usod tocounsel young people to converseevery day with some one older, better and wiser than themselves. "Wecarniot &H do that, but we can dothe next best thing; we can get istouch with them through the printed age and enjoy the fruits of theirwisdom and experience. ProbapJyaio 'publication contains po mucnfrom the writings of men and women distil guished in many ways at?The Youth's Companion. A constant reading of the paper is a liberal education of mind and heart.' The Companion has no age limit.Professional men, business (men andbusy women prize it as highly as theyoung i'olks. . .,, r.The 52 issues of 3 921 will bemr,Aa -nrifh Rp.ria.1 stories, shorttinriM. editorials. Doetry, facts and jfun. Subscribe now to The Youth's.,Companion. Commonwealtn Avenue,and St Paul Street, Boston, Mass.oParrot Lays First Egg at 36.A London parrot recently laid Itslrst egg at the age of thirty-six.The forthcoming development ona large scale of the Nation's vastwater power resources, must beconsidered one of the most significant achievements in the field ofAmerican industry in the post-warindustrial readjustment. The increased cost of fuel and the diminishing supplies of our' fuel reservesnecessitate what the Federal ReserveBoard believes to be "much moraenergeti: action if industrial conditions are to be made safe for thecoming Winter." Water .power isabout to have a new certificate ap anational asset, and the UnitedStates is going to make a late startin the utiljzing of this means of effecting a saving in the manner ofproducing its energy, which it isconfidently predicted can be accomplished to the extent of sme billiondollars a year.o 'Remarkable Sieep-Walking.A boy told Jus parents one morningthat the previous night he hail dreamed he got out ot bed 'and climbed tothe summit of nn enormous rock,where he dUcOrcd nti eagle's nestwhich he bronchi away with him andplaced beneath his bed. It was discovered ls.lt.: iltil th'p eents had actually taken phwe The precipice hehad ascended was- oi a nature that baffled even th mni exjjeriencpd mountaineers, and the nest was discoveredbeneath u-- hei Int as he had stated.B-seliane,LIKE THROWING1 MONEY AMPostmaster of Cardiff- Could GetNothing To Help His WifeUntil He Gave HerTeniaeThe Italian Government has decided to electrify 6,00 kilometers otxailroads with prower obtained fromwaterfalls.. -tm? w .M AV5 V? aI z& fed1 ana tffja l w . w rscuta S3 AmmS CWfc jRBlls 4afsJa.Stoznack-IidrMsys-JZeart-!'iYcrKeep the vital organs healthy byregularly taking the world's standard 'remedy foi kidney, iiverftbladder and vAic acid troublesThe National Remedy cf Holland forcenturies and endorsed by Queen "V Vilhelmina. At all druggists, three sizes.Look fsr Lhe r-cics GoIJJ S-Sedaec sr-ry fecr.MOTHER!California Syrup of Figs'Child's Best LaxativeAf A"Of all the people who have madestatements about being helpe byTanlac I belive my wife and 1 havethe most cause to be thankful." saidJ. Kuyper, postmaster at Cardiff,Alberta, C..nrda."For five years," continued Mr.Kuyper, "My wife was so crippledwith sciatic rheumatisjm she couldhardly get about. Her stomach wasso badly out of ordtr, too, tha whatshe ae seemed to give her nostrength, She had a pain f cross thesmall Cf lier back and her right hipand limb hun all the time. Heinerves were to bad and this, withthe rheumatism, made sleep almosimpossible for her. Her cond'ticnot worse all the timo-, and, althoughI spent lots of (money on medicinesand treatments, it was like throwingmoney away, for they did not do hera bit of good v'So many peapleMn our neighborhood were benefited by Tanlac mywife began to take it, 100, and sheimproved gradually right from thestart. She has taken twelve bottles now, eats three hearty, meals aday, sleeps soundly every' night anrf.says she hardly feels the rheumatism any more. In fact she is aboutas well and strong as she ever was,and, considering her former seriouscondition, we regard her recovery a3little short of wonderful."Tanlac is sold in Paris by the Pecpie's Phsrmacy. (adv)oISSOLDIERING BECOMINGSNAP?AORHCliali v s-3v yngg QSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EjrcI hible Bifoc&l Lastt Cwm 4th aad Chwtaat Sta.LOUISVliZ, KY.Accept "California" Syrup ofPigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oWood for ths World's Pencils.The UzyrK lulls of .Missouri furnishwood for ji jricnt proportion of theworld's supply f u.-j! pencils. Thetrees tire siunuvi rvtl cedars whichgrow on the hlliidi Their trunkset the bun M-ktou-. .urain u diameterof more thnn u toot Th red heartof the wood only :i-d The whitesap wood Is ivjwii'ci Tin lumber Issawed up into "vhits'-md hipped tothe factories in this count ty andabroad. No othi'r wood mmmus to answer as well for h purpMeThe number of officers and menwho entered the war and who havsnow chosen army life as their permanent occupation, indicates that thelife of a soldier is not altogether irksome in peace times. Educating themen in khaki has proved a distincthit with the War Departjment. andit also appears that the men whomnoliticians have been telline: us are5 "! rt i -r T11 -r rnimotiTr on1 alDn.where, are not having such a hardtime after all. Major General E. C.Harris, the Adjutant General of the.Army, says:"The service in Germany has proved to be so attractive that the ranksare always filled. Our chief difficultyis that regiments are apt to be overenlisted before we can stop the recruiting officers from accepting moreapplicants, and we must send suchmen to the station for which theywere accepted."Equally popular is Army service inH&waii, and as a rule few recruitscan be accepted for duty there. However, tlie 13th Field Artillery haoleft the United States for ?ervice inii he pnid-Pacific, and enlistments forIhis regiment have been issued. Inthe old Army new lecruits had nochoice in the selection of a regiment,and could not name any particularstation. In the new peace-time Armya man may either pick his own regiment or designate the part of theworld to which he wishes to be sent.oCatarrhCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is atrio Tilrkrtfl Qnrl hn 1 1 A I v r VA DafAMHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE restoresnormal conditions and allows Nature todo its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney A; Co., Toledo, Ohio.iiiiiiiiiiiii:iiiiiiii!Miiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiii;iiiiiiiiii:i.iiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiWilliam K. Hagan & .-onAp-CKItect c- Engineer..riC-T NATIONAL BANKPae.1. Ky.t riiiixiiiffiit-i;iifiitifMiiiiiiMititnii:iiiiiiiUi'iiiiiilif iiiiiiiiiiitix'Siiiiiiiitifiiiiitiiiiliiitiilliiiiiiiiiiiilliiiiiitiiiiiililllillliiltllllr??I1KI:H.'.IGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299- Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky..XXEVERY WOMANCAN HATE A FAIR COMPLEXIONIf your skin is pale and colorless; 1lr'you have Pimples, Blotches, Blackheads, Liver Spots, Ytllow or Sallo-wSkins then it will pay every womanto go to hex nearest druggist andobtain a package of Mother Nature'sgentle tonic, the famous BulgarianBlood Tea. .This pure all-herb prepo ration taken once or twice a weekjust before bedtime will eliminatethe body poisons from the systemnd cause the blood streams to surgewith rich pure blood. BulgarianBlood Tea regulates the bowels,stimulates the liver, flushes the kidneys, aids digestion and sweetenstho. stomach. Bulgarian Blood Teataken steaming hot at bedtime killsColds, guards against Influenza andPneumonia. Sold by all druggistsand grocers everywhere. (adv)oGetting Results,"When It comes to impressing thepopular mind." said Senator Sorghum,Ma party platform Is quite likely toprove less important than the rearplatform of a special train."v -'JS&gtOdorless Gas HeatersThe Most Efficient Gas Heater MadeA different kind, of heater with specialcombustion chamber in which the gas,burning under high temperature, is completely and economically consumedAsk, Your Plumberor Hardware Dealerkr fvfW (ft"" 9 m 4m rGt 5PAMERICAN RED GROSSTO GIVE RURAL HELPProgram for Public Health andCommunity Welfare Is NowWell Under Way.Kural communities and towns of lessthan 8,000 population benefit in a verylarge part by the public health andcommunity welfare work of the American Red Cross. Almost all of the8,600 Red Gross chapters have somerural sections in their territory. Therefore the Red 'Cross' Rural Service.Briefly, the purpose of Rural Service is to assist people to get out of lifemore health, wealth and happiness. Inthis purpose public health instructionand general educational progress gjboth children and adults play a bigpartBecreation Is found to be one of thebiggest needs in rural life. There Islack of sufllclent play-life for the children and social life for the adults.Picnics, pageants, debating clubs,baseball leagues, community singingand other social events which bringthe people of surrounding communitiestogether have been organized and carried on under the guidance of RedCross rural workers to great advantage. In many Instances solving recreational problems and getting peopletogether proves to be the awakeningof the community to other conditionswhich may be improved by unitedaction.As a result of community organization, townships in which there hadbeen neither plans nor Interest Incommunity progress have been organized to work together with the unifiedpurpose of bringing their communityup to the most enlightened standards.Lecture , and musical entertainmentcourses have been started as a resultof community meetings, as well as circulating libraries, Red Cross schools ofinstruction in Home Nursing, Care ofthe Sick and First Aid. In the largertowns the need for restrooms and public comfort stations Is being met. Playgrounds for the- children have beenestablished and. recreational activitiesworked out for the year., In order that there may be concertedeffort In carrying on e pi i grams ofthe various welfare agencies in therural districts. Red Cross Rural Service helps the organizations already onthe ground. The main object of theservice is to lend a hand everywhereand take the lead only where necessary.RED CROSS RELIEFIN CENTRAL EUROPEJUNIOR RED CROSSACTIVE IN EUROPEGarden seeds for Follsh orphans,milk for anaemic Greek babies, carpenters' tools for Czecho-Slovakiaucripples these are only a few of thegifts that young Americans are sending to the war-crushed children of theOld World.Through the Junior Red Cross theboys and girls of the United Statesare giving a fresh start In life to littlewar orphans scattered all over Europe.They have set up orphans' homes inFrance, school colonies In Belgium andMontenegro, and day schools in Albania. They are sending dozens of youngSyrians, Montenegrins, and Albaniansto American colleges in Constantinopleand Beirut, and maintaining more thana hundred orphans of French soldiersat colleges and trade schools. In orphanages and farm schools up anddown the peninsula of Italy there arenearly 000 wards of American Juniors.Last winter a thousand French children from the Inadequate shelters ofthe devasted regions were sent by theJunior Red Cross to spend the coldmonths In warmer parts of France.At the same time five thousand littleBelgians were having a hot lunch everyday at Junior Red Cross school canteens. American school children have already raised something like a milliondollars for these enterprises, and theyare still hard at work.In China, through campaigns of education, the Junior Red Cross Is helping to combat widely prevalent blindness and cholera.But for timely assistance of theAmerican Red Cross during the lastyear, a large proportion of the 20,000,000 population of the Balkan -Statesmight have starved or perished fromdisease or exposure. Six million dollars worth of food, clothing ana"' medical supplies have been sent to the Balkans Roumania, Bulgaria, Albania,Montenegro, Serbia, Bosnia andGreecesince the beginning of Red Cross relief operations In Central Europe,while millions of dollars worth of foodalone has been sent to the needy Inthese states.The money expended by the RedCross in this stricken portion of Europe has been used to set up hospitals,orphanages, dispensaries, mobile medical units and to help in the general reconstructlofi of devastated areas. AmerMean tractors and other fanning implements have been sent to the agricultural regions where aid has been given In plowing the land.By the last of this year probablyail American Red Cross agencies administering relief in Central Europewill have withdrawn. By that time, ItIs believed, the people will have approached a normal state of living andwill be able through their own agencieivtfilch the Red Cross has helped Mtop to provide tor themselves.r&MJ?MEEI?toaskyour grocer for C&lumet Baking Powder and besure that you get it the Indianhcad on theorangelabel.Then forget about bakeday failures. For you willnever have any; Calumetalways produces the sweet?!est and most palatable foods.And nozv remember, youalways use less than of mostother brands because it possesses greater leavening strength.Remember-ays5-??iQfifSTIThere is no waste. If arecipe calls for one egg twocups of flour half a cup ofmilk that's all you use.You never have to re-bake.Contains only such ingredients a have been officiallyapproved by U. S. Food Authorities,is the product of the largest, mostmodern and sanitary Baking Powder Factories in existence?.Gluten gives flour e good partofits food value the ele-nent thatthe body. To- be sure ofRl11 rourishesIS vrith plninune enly pure baking pnn-drflour, (not pelf-rising: fiofir).225rxxvsaCalumetColumbia .Muffin4 cups sifted.flour, 4 level teaspoons Calumetp 1 tablespoon sugar, i teaspoonsalt? 2 egg?, 2cups of'sveetmilk. Then mis.in the regular.!!! wr"ir yQiij; ciigssiioni j. itidoesn't assimilabit&Stt 5 i i m?2;a,JLr 1 9-- !? & XSq k. in cf. ftty iUUU,,iJ.Uhealth requiressomething attractive to taste andl S1 rl tiSsCV.r-' czr fc i --rf'Irtw&&5 tATfoSafl PT3iarlsir iy?5T?He-.99aeres a Ke&son iPosfeum Cereal Co., Inc.. Battle Creek, MisH.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.'Cumberland Phone 78Junel5-3mPARIS, KENTUCKY-aj,.JJtSEB:! r-A3i1JjJ.1WJlAero-GasTh e Won der GasNeutralizes Carbon DepositsGive You Increased Mileage-MoreZ Power, Less CarbonPositively 'GuaranteedQuart Caa $2.00 Pint Can $1.00TV W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE'43nnjaL-' t-.V -' - ?i.V14'M--v-v-TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1920v a"r - --THE BOURBON NElg& PARIS, KENTUCKY- y FaB SKTEJfII IHBW I li IIP"" ' "J ii-At. 'Buy It Either Way TaSsiots or LiquidPE'-RU-NAFor Coughs, Colds and CatarrhUxi h W. MarshalL Brunpton. Michigan, suffering from Systemic Catarrh imvolvineHead, Nose. Throat and Stomach, claims a complete cure. His letter convincingTor the past two yean I have been troubled with systemic catarrh I used several boxes oft aH ! conSttons CCted a Cmplete Curc- ?do not he8ltate to "wmmend Pe-" 'Mr. Marshall is just one of many thousands who havebeen benefited by Dr. Hartmans famous medicine inthe past fifty years.It is by stimulatincthe digestion, enrichine the bloodand toning up the nerves that Pe-ru-na is able to exertsuch a soothing, healing influence upon the mucousmembranes which line the body. It is a wonderfullyeffective remedy to restore strength after a protractedsickness, the grip or Spanish Influenza.Kfltp In tin HtmUi EvirywlwrtW5EA3ESlDiattA19mciJQUIRD I''9Annlo.Raynn AlnhahThe Anglo-Saxons brought wIth'Di:RTY PAPER MONEY SOURCEthem to England their national Runic OF DISEASEalphabet, which was founded on one I A .of the old Greek alphabets or possibly LlVJ; fficial statement placedtte Latin. On their conversion to CZ rVT00' TChrist the, adopted the Latin ntaipnauui uj its DULiau lorui, io ffmcn a mount ?50 is germ-laden rnisanithey afterwards added two Ronic let-:tary, disease-bearing filthy. Neveters, equivalent to "Ui" andow.'before within thej "oldest inhabitant'Imitation Pearls.Very clever imitations of pearlshave been made by filling thin glassbulbs with a solution of fish scalenacre."HAAl'MAAJm afaELLIS CASH!GROCERYJ:SpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose of a lot ofthese goods.Pickling Vinegarand Spicesj at bargains this week.iEllis' Cash Grocery!Opposite Court HouseMiNevermemory of thehas the nanercurrency of the country been insuch a ragged and dirty conditionand never before has there been solittle excuse. The cost of materialcannot be advanced as the reason.Cost is a relative term, and thecost of material compared with thevalue of the thing represented, afterjUie government authority is affixedto money, is negligible. .Physicians who have specializedin various diseases that are transmitted by personal contact agree thatillness and death have frequentlyresulted frqm the handling of containinted bills.There is haidly a subject that canj come up for determination by const! -:tuted authority that is more important than the gerenal health of the! people. Virtually all of our presentcirculating medium should be recalled and new bills emitted.fWWOMENMany Paris Women Are LearningThe Cause. - ,BRIGHTER ?,EVENINGSWC IrfJEMJust HistoryLi 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her sruestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does -passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-day jWho wants her home bright, jJust presses a button jAnd has Electric Light. (Women often suffer, not knowingthe cause.Backache, headache, dizziness,nervousness, irregular urinary passages, weakness, langourEach a torture of itself.Togeihei hint at weakened kidneys. 3Stiilw at the root get to th-2cause.I No other remedy more highly endorsed fhan Doan's Kidney Pills.1 Recommended by thousands.Endorsed at home.' Here's convincing testimc-ny from5 Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 'Eighth' street, snys; "Some few years ago Isuffered seveiely with kidney com-' plaint and sometimes was in aserious condition I had a consaant,. full ache across the small of myback and I was terribly dizzy attimes I have used Doan's KidneyPills for this trouble and they havehelped me more than anything else,'always lelievmg me of the com-. plaints.1'i Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply :isk for a kidney remedy geft Doan's Kidney Pills the aame th:tMis. Markland had. Fc-ster-MilburniCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. fadv)o; Champion Meanest Man.! A peculiar case which recently camebefore a London magistrate was thatof a woman who applied for a separa-tion from her husband, whom she de-inounced as the champion mean man of' ah England. She complained thai: herhusband during the sugar famine keptt his supply in a separate bowl, in which'he imprisoned a fly. If the fly wasj still there when he returned home noj body had tampered with his hoard ; ifj it was not, a lump or two had beeni taken.Paris Gas & Electric Co.dncornatted)Millions in Salmon.Since the Columbia" river salmoncanning Industry was started bypioneer fishermen in 1876 a total of$130,000,000 worth of salmon has beentaken from the 00,000 acres of fishingterritory in the river from CascadeV)cksJ.o its mouth. Brooklyn Eagle.KBourbon Laundry;DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streete.c ti ' kIXIXSATISFACTION;OHR WATCHWORD! gaWith all the latest improve- irmerits in laundry appliances iand expert helpers we are jprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit yyour patronage. $- SiiIThe Bourbon Laundry" jParis, Kentucky iPREka's Auto I II!By ALDEN CHAPMAN01 fa ESS 5 KIT tfIIT'SlMiMtft T CrSiiSTIJ(. 1920, Western Newspaper Union.)It was Elsa Worth who won the automobile that had been put up as thegrand prize at the street fair at Brookton. Reluctantly she had been prevailed upon to buy a dollar ticket alongwith the other members of the girl'sDorcas club and a dollar was a greatdeal to Elsa, for she and her fatherhad between them just about enoughincome to make ends meet As itmeant a contribution to the localorphanage, however, Elsa was willingto make a sacrifice for a worthy charity. Everybody congratulated Elsa andsincerely, too, for she was a generalfavorite. Of course she was excitedand delighted as the announcement ofher good fortune was made. Her girlfriends crowded around her, and whenthe manager of the fair told Elsa hewould deliver the machine at herhome, it was her eager, chapteringchums who crowded into the auto, andpeople on the street waved their approbation to ELsa as she was drivenhomeward, flushed and pleased."I suppose we had better sell it forwhat we can get," suggested her practical father? "It would bring enoughto pay all our little debts and help usthrough a hard year.""Just as you say, father," repliedpatient, self-sacrificing Elsa, but hereyes rested longingly on the thing ofbeauty and speed. "I just thought,"she added coaxingly, "that if we couldpossibly afford to keep it and use it,what great pleasure it would he forboth of us to take a little drive evenings and Saturday afternoons, whenyou are through with your hard, hard,work.""Well, we can try it," said Mr.Worth after a period of reflection."But who can run it?""Mr. Arlington, our neighbor, saysI ought to get the garage man to teachme," suggested Elsa. "He won't chargemuch, and if we buy our oil and gasoline from him, probably he won'tcharge us at all.""Very well, go and see the garageman," suggested Mr. Worth, "and seewhat arrangement we can make. Youcertainly deserve some pleasure in life.Elsa, and I will admit there Is nothingfiner than automoblllng if it isn't tooexpensive."Elsa started for the garage. Sheknew its owner, Mr. Burch, but didnot find him about the place. Instead,there was a most pleasant-faced youngman pottering about the tires of a machine, who listened to her story andsaid :"I am working here, Miss," and helooked it, with his greasy overalls. "Assoon as Mr. Burch comes back I willtidy up and come to your house andgiye you the first lesson.""But the charges," asked ElsYi."Oh, the privilege will be a pleasure," declared the handsome, accommodating young fellow.He was a stranger in Brookton, forElsa had never seen him before, andwas probably one of the many summervisitors who came to pass a week ortwo up at the lake, which was quite aresort. Half an hour later when thegarage man came back, he said :"I was helping to get my machinein shape when a young lady, a MissElsa Worth, came in. She has got anew auto.""Yes, I heard of that.""She wants you to send someone toteach her how to run it. Send me.See here, I never have been so attracted by a young lady, and she supposes I am your employee. Keep upthe delusion and I will make it rightwith you. See?"The garage man smiled amicablyand an hour later, divested of hisoveralls and a model as to attire andcourtesy, Adrian Bristol gave Elsa herfirst lesion at levers and wheel. Itwas a pleasure to set those shapely,delicate hands aright in directing themachine. When she pressed closeagainst him amid the thrills of effortsand errors, as if relying on Mils protection, Bristol had to confess to himself thst he was under a spell of rarefascination.He could have taught Elsa all sheneeded to know within a week, buthe prolonged it to two, and she wasnot sorry, and he felicitated under thespell of joyous companionship. Shehad marveled at the amount of freeleisure he had at command, and therewas nothing now to remind her of thegreasy old overalls in which he hadfirst presented himself to her notice.One day he called at the humblehome of the Worths to find Elsataciturn and in tears. He finally induced her to reveal the reason of hermood. It seemed" that a cousin of herfather to whom they owed money hadinsisted on their selling the auto topay the debt"We 1 bought it only right to do so,"said ELsa, "hut oh, how we miss it."Bristol drew nearer to her, his eyesaglow with l(1ng resolve."Elsa," he spoke tenderly, "I amable to afford a dozen autos. Won'tyou-b,ecome my wife, and let me supplyyou with one especially for your ownuse.". And Elsa did not resist theearnest appeal.ERNAGTORHIGHLYENDORSES RE-GU-MARestored His Aaed Mother to Splendid HealthEnlisting Help."Flubdub, you are a good salesman,a convincing talker.""Thank you, boss'"So I wish you would go home withme and explain to my wife that wehave really been dtt&lned at the officethis evenine." - j v "Ea. Lawrence says: "I never hadmuch faith in patent medicines, butmy mother has been .troubled foryears with Rheumatism and Stomachand Liver trouble', and nothing- seemed to do her much, good until Ibought hei a bottle of RE-CU-MA.After tfie second bottle, much to oursurprise and gratification, my motherwas able to walk as well as ever, alldistress in the stomach and side wasentirely relieved. She hs been improving in every way ever since,under tLis magic treatment, and Iam happy beyond 'words."I can cheerfully recommend RE-CU-MAfor Stopiach, Liver and Blood1 roubles which seem to be very prevalent these days." Yours very truly,Ed. Lavrerce, 23 39 Main street.Mrs. Lawrence says: "Severalpeople tell me they read Ed's testimonial and ask me if it is true. Isk if my looks don't show it. Respectfully, Mrs. M. Lawrence, 2139Main street, Jacksonville, Fla.For sale by Brooks & Snapp, andall good druggists, at S3. 20 and tax..(adv)oFor Growth and Strength.Poor food in childhood means poorhealth In manhood and womanhood.There Is but a single use for food;to furnish nutritive value to the human body to stoke the human engine.A food Is worth only as much as thenutritive value It supplies; its truevalue Is measured by the amount' offuel It furnishes the body.' j-C m'' ' - ; i:r-iT. -" ?5i.i:-y ,.--.. j-i.-j,, -. ti -- n iitMAttention, Farmers!YOLI have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, givenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier BrosOffice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257.;amaaaiv---?-gas-..Br-,-4-r.-:mifmei;mr-LfMMMBaaiBHaMBHHHHaHliBBtVTiAT LAST!Ford Enclosed CarsOn Time!Businesslike Hotel Man.To provide exercise for his guests,the manager of a string of Californiatourist hotels has furnished at eacha common, old-fashionel woodpile, wellequipped with axes of various weightsand not too sharp. Guests are welcome to chop to their heart's content.sFORD SEDAN !379.38FORD COUPE $358Balanceen ( 12 MonthsU You can't afford to pass this up,and it will only last a short whilePlace, your order NOW!Open Bribery.Jane had just commenced school,and the teacher asked her a questionIn numbers which she was unable toanswer. ne walked up to the teacher and said in a low voice: "If youwon't ask me that I'll give you somef my nniraal crackers."IRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesOverstuffed SuiteeaIdeal For .Your HomeWAS $400 NOW $300Just think of it! This beautiful overstuffed suite may be placedin your home for the low price of $300.00. Rarely will you strikesuch values today and it is only by a special arrangement with themanufacturer that we are able to offer it. Large, roomy andcomfortable. Luxuriously overstuffed and upholstered in a finevelour that will outwear leather. Take advantage of this opportunity today.Try Trading at Wheeler's ;You Will Like It,,WriA F. WHEELER & CO.Mam and Third Street - CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opposite Coirt Horns."a.3':'wh$V - XJ, n-Afcs- t--i"""r"i'.,V ",S-V-x.E3C9HX' fAGl EIGHT - - A V BPTOBON NEWS, PABIS KSSTOCKY . , TCAY.gfrgMBiai ft, tttc-- Hit ---- - . S - - "MMMBiMMMBBaMaamHMaiMMMBM.MMMMMMiBMIialJlMMB.aMBMMMMMMaMMMMMBMM.MaMMMIvK VA VL mwm mm ' ' o mZ5SImTtS mm mmX "mm." mm mwmm. immmmk- 'I B Ug l inmcJ,jEL Mm Iliil-'EE m l vJrt-nri nuuu a m mJMHflAL MESSAGEiTeeiilent Wilson has begua workr fefe Annual message lo Congress.Tkk vIU be transmitted either ok&zz opening day of the next 5sionDecember 6 br on the day fol-ATiite HouFe officials said theyi:fio jjifoirmation as o what recr.rtndfUpns the President plans tom5& to Congress, but administration.a?iwlftls expect that among othersJtfTgH. he will again urge enactmentf aJ3timber of leconstruction measVREETOIOTTS.,4400The Women's Missionary Auxiliary of the "Presbyterian' churchwill hold it regular Novembermeeting to-day in the parlors of thechurch. All 'nembers are urged tobe present.Rei'gious, .moral, physical anaeducational needs .of colored peopleare lo be considered by the churchesSnnrta.v. Nnvtimlipr 9,1. dpsiwriatprl aunhr which he recommended at th. Tnter-Raciyl Sandav. in a commnni-Ji'Si spetiai session 01 me preseniiCotigress earlv last year.Z oHatJXEOU FARMING CONDITIONS!B&ur'oon county farmers are busysio-sr getting m the corn crop. Thecom 4s now well dried out and thefxxasers. are anxious 10 get it under- titter before bad. weather sets inj-jrnmnently. Most farmers are exvsxfincnig considerable diff'CLlty inCttKig sufficient help on the farm.Ibdt re , pay'.ng excellent' wages to&cse they do getjA great deal of tobacco is beingflipped just now. The growers areeager tc get first whack at the earlyseMon .prices.The cold woather has set farmers1 thinking and planning lor "hog-iiiiing time." Some have alreadyiiiled their animals.All the winter crops are up, andxTdng fire, with a much greatermzJjiat of wheat than was formerlyexpected. oOTY TAXES DUE- PAY UPNOW!The city tax lists have beenEarned over to me for coilec-Your taxes are now duepayable. Call and settlepromptly at my office atPeoples Deposit Bank &Tjust Company.C. K. THOMAS, ,City Collector.octl-rf)cation addressed by Governor Morrow to the ministers of fventucky,in conformity with the action ofGovernors throughout the South.The Province of Sewanee of theEpiscopal church is in session inLouisville. Twelve visiting bishopaare attending the services. Arrangements havft been made to entertainthe delegates in the private home's'f Louibville. Rev. Walter S. Cain,rector of St. Peters Episcopal church,is attending the seFsion. He is aguest at the home "of Mr. md Mrs.Thos. P. Taylor, Jr.The-following program has been-arranged for the observance of theweek of prayer at the Y. M. C. A.for voung nu-n: To-night at seveno'clock, address. Rev. W. E." Ellis,pastor Paiis Christian church; Wednesday night, seven o'clock, speakerlo be announced; Thursday night,seven o'clock, Rev. T. S. Smylie,pastor Paris Presby 1 oris n church.On account of being out of the city.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the ParisBaptist church, will be unable 1 1take part in t-hc program. All -t4iemeeting:, which will last but twentyminutes, will be held in the Y. M.C. A gy mn as. um.o '.DEATHS.iSincerituCLOTHES-SMITH.Earl Arnold Smith, aged threeyears, infant son of Mr. and Mrs.C. E. Smith, died at the home of h'pgrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.Arnold, in Lexington, Friday jmorning after a' brief illness. The bodywas taken to Shelbyville for burial.Mr. and Mrs. Arnold are former residents of Paris, Mrs. T Smith beingtheir daughter.ALLENI4!rTheofMarkQuality-?Sincerity Clothes offer?.you three things: longerIf wear, the result of f ault-?less Workmanship; lower' cot through extensivei manufacturing and merchandising facilities; and: style that bears the hallmark of proven excellence.tRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, was in Cynthinn.i, yesterday afternoon, ?heiehe conducted services at the funeraiof Mary Mildred Allen, eleven-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. JohnAllen.The" little girl died Saturday morn -ingat he home of her parents., oilthe Oddvillf. pike, near Cynthia na, oftubercular meningitis. She is survived by her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John Allen, and a brothtr, JamesWood Allen. The burial took placeon the family lot in BatTle-GrovrCemetery.SHEPPARDWesley Hite Sheppard, agc.dseventy-seven, a retired businessman of Louisville, died at the hoin-3of his daughter, Mrs. .Tol-n H.Wilkes, on Eat-t Gray streel, in Louisville, last Friday, of cardiac asthma. Mr Sheppard w: s a relative ofthe late Mrs. W. A. Hill, W. O. antiJohn W. Hite, all of Paris, and MissMattie Hite, of Cincinnati, and waswell-known to many of the olderresident of Paris, The funeral washeld from ihe residence ot hiadaughtei, 129 East Gray st'-eet. Louisville, at three o'clock Saturday afternoon. The interment followed' inCave Hill Cemetery.2:00 to 5:307:00 to 10:30TODAY, TUESDAYGladys BrockwellINaWHITE LIES"A powerful-and absorbing story. )flove, deceit and sacrifice. - IALSOStuart Holmes and Miss Frankie Mannin "TRAILED BY THREE". and Pathe NewsTomorrow, WednesdayLEAH BAIRD1IN"THE CAPITOL"" By Augustus Thomas. -Astory of politics, love and intrigue.AlsoJOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers" .and "Topics of the Day"Thursday, Nov. 18thMarguerite ClarkIN"EASY TO GET"She was all his till she heard himboast that women were Jeasy to get."Then, wow! right through five acts of theluridest feminine fireworks you ever saw !He's a wiser man now IA comedy romance of constant laughter.Also a Capitol ComedyAnd Pathe NewsAdmission: childi Gregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and Evening!MATRIMONIAL.BAD MANNERS, AS WELI AS BAD BIG TIME FOR OLEIKA TEMPLE.NOISESCounty Clerk Pearce Pa ton issued a marriage license Saturday evening to Lypnac Taylor, 23, and MissEthel Fleming, 2, both of Paiis.The following marriage licenseswere issued yesterday from theoffice of .County Clerk Pearce Pa ton:George W. Fields, 24, Jacksoncounty, and Martha B) owning, 17, ofAusterlitz; James M. Welsh, 38, ofBourbon county, and Miss EmmaTamme, 38, Danville.MARR BOARD.Tho wedding of Mr, LyonsBoard, of Paris, and Miss Jell Hardiman Marr, of H Harrodsburg willtake place nt the home of the bride'sparents, in Harrodsburg, -'at fouro'clock to-morrow afternoon. Aftera honeymoon trip the young coupicwill return to Paris, where they willbe "at home'' to ther friends.FLEMING TAYLOR.The wedding of Miss Ethel Fleming and Mr. Lyman Taylor, both of'Paris, was solemnized at six o'clock,Saturday evening at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. FatherColeman, pastor of the Church of theAnnunciation-, in this city. MissHelen Ctin was bridespnaid and MrThos. A. Woods, best man. TLe attendants were Miss Nell Woods and"Mr. E. T. Saunders. Alter the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Taylor went tothe 'homo of the groom, where a wedding supper was seived. Mru andMrs. Taylor left foi a honeymoontrip to points in the East.fer1-ChalmersVisible-Value ,Union Suits$3.00 and $3.50H. M. COLLINS&C0.THE HOME OESinceritui KTAXPAYERS NOTICE.ToN avoid errors and misunderstandings we will not paytaxes for our customers unlessspecialty instructed to do so.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK,FIRST NATIONAL BANK,BOURBON'- AGRICULTURALBANK & TRUST CO.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANKTRUST CO.(nov2-tf)&HANOVER COLLEGE HEAD ADDRESSES STATE STUDENTSTaking ns his subject "Educationfor De-nocracy," Dr. W. A. Millie,president of Hanover College, Hanover, Indiana, addressed the weeklyconvocation of the University otKentucky. He vas heard with muchinterest, not only because of bis hii?hstanding in the academic world, butalso because Hanover tollejre hasjust announced ttie beginning: of acampaign for ?n 00,0 00 additionalendowment funds, in order that tl-jinstitution may be able to keep unIts standard in the face of advancing costs.At the close of the convocation,Mr. Mills wa asked why HaroverCollege s asking foi a larger endowment. Ho showed -hp.t there isa lack of dormitory room for thomen who are forced to find quartersoutside the 'ampvs, that Hanoverprofessois are getting a lower salary than is iilmost any otier institution of learning in the State, thatit is impossible to raise the luitiorfeeany higher for fear of closingthe doors of Hanover against thjpoorer students, and that there is adistince shortage of equipment atcollege.oTURNER JAMES.Tin wedding of Lawrence HoltJar.ies son or Mrs. Mollie James, ofParis, and Miss Frances Turner,daughter of Mr. andMrs. T. N. Turner, of Hazard, was"" solemnized Saturday 2vening at the home of t,teofficiating minister, Rev. I. J. Spencer, on Walnut street, in Lexington.The ceremony ivas witnessed by onlythe immediate relatives and a fewintimate friends of the young peopleAfter a visit to relatives in Paris,Mr. and Mrs. James returned to Hazard, whore the groom is in business.Mr. James has been a resident orHazard for some time, first in theemploy of the Louisville & Nashville,later with a power and developmentcompany. Very recently he becamehead clerk at t-he Beaumont Hotel,conducted by Mrs. Speed Hi bier, formerly of Parid. Mr. James is a brother of Ccinelius, Julian and JohnJanus, all of Paris. Hic bride is anattractive and popular young womanof Hazard.The wedding came in the nature ola surprise to the many friends of thogroom, in this city, who extend thim and his fair bride their warmest cor grs tula tiens and best wishesoWR.S. CHANDLER HOME FROMEUROPE.Alis. O. J. Chandler, of Harrodsburg. formerly of Paiis, who lepresented Kentucky at the InternationalCouncil of Women at Christiana.Norway, has just returned after being abioad for seveial months. Shestates that the most vivid impressions that remains with her are thobeautiful merican cemeteries onthe battlefields of France. The rowsand rows of white crosses give onean improsoion of a vast field of whitelilies; ?he declares. Growing allabout the graves are red, white andblue flowers, with tho Stars andStripes wpiving in the cent r of eachfield of the dead. She says if American motheis could see how exquisiteare the surro.indings they would notwant their boys disturbed, but wouldleave them to rest where they fell.oTRADE AT HOMESTOCK, CROP,ETC.Moores Bros., Tv. P. D. No. 1,near Paris, sold recently to Bourboncounty parties six hundred baTrejSof corn in the field, at $4.25 a bar4rel. The purchasers are to shuckthe orn. -This is one of the bestsales of t-Tie reason.THANKSGIVINGMan is beginning to appreciate!that in the automobile he has ereated an engine of destruction as well , Thanksgiving ceremonial, to fakeas a thing of great convenience. Th J place- in Lxinsrton. The announcp-Oleika Temple A. A. O. N. M. S.I iicio cciil uui an HiuiuuiM:eiiitni oi mfs!Hspeeder is getting his just dues in ment was in tho shape of a footballthe couits these dajs. We are de-'r.nd was arranged m seasonable decreeing that the streets in the down-' signs.town congested districts Of Paris ? Tn the nnminn.eTrmnt was ii nnU f..shall bj something more than openTthe nobility to come and join in theair uvery staDies ror tne successors winter pilgrimage to Mecca, the reof the horse. And the police, aided corder's -note telling of the candiby. Police Judge Ernest Martin, will dates and the ursrent renuet that allsee to it that the good work of ap- nobles make strangers welcome, andprehendmg and convicting the "per-f some new Imperial laws.sistent lawbreakers" is kept going.But there is one whose offencenothing extenuates. The speedermay not be able to actually guagehis speed. The man who parks hiscar in the forbidden territory ha?the excuse that he must park it somewhere, so why not fcheie. But theman who leaves his muHer open oroff not only breaks the law, but heis frequently heard boasting of U.It is tiine that these drivers of illsmelling behemoths, snorting theirway through the streets, should receive a punishment fitting the misdemeanor.-o-Reason Demands to. Be Heard.Remember this: They that will notbe counseled cannot be helped. Ifyou do not hear Reason, she will rapyou on the knuckles. Franklin.The .program follows:10 a. m. Registration of candidates. Second Floor Masonic Temple. Come early.2 p. m. Business session and balloting on petitions.9 to i.1 p. ,n. Bancuet, Main Cafe,Phoenix Hotel.9 p. m. Dance, Ball Room, Phoenix Hotel.-v-A single deposit of soda in BiitishEast Africa is estimated by geologists to contain more than 200,000,000 tons.The Italian Government has decided to electrify 6,00 kilometers ofrailroads with prower obtained fromwaterfalls-About 36,000 enumerators will beemployed in taking the decennialcensus ;n Great Britain.ow AboutYour Eyes?Can You Read with EaseDo you need glasses?Do your old ones needchanging?If so, consult our 'EyeSpecialist.All work guaranteed.VARDEN & SONs Prescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.A, Pai is. woman went to Lexingtontobuy a pair of shoes. Coming home.saved $2.00 on the purchase." .ShSTOCK. CROP.. ETC. m, au,r "rtlt "?" ?- -.IC v XT'lot snoes in jj&xuigiuii, wucu c xacharged her $12.00.And then the home-dealer told herhe would have sold her a pair likenhc- got in Lexington for $y.uo,-or51.00- less thi.n she paid in Lexington andvould have saved her $1.4.)car fare. too.v Morat When, you look at pricesaway fjromhome, also look at theVapSHOE VALUESl XX3i X-aTSLiJbXmfealreValues That Really Mean Big Money Saving is the magnetthat brings the people to this Economy Store for theirShoe needs;Come Here This WekFor your needs for Fall Footwear. You will findhere footwear of first quality footwear that isright as to style, workmanship and wearing qualitiesand av$lh&-tefiBig Saving in Price!Ladies' $8.00 Value Dark Brown EnglishLace Boots, also in black kid leather.Sale Price ," $5.95Ladies' Newest Style Tan nd Black KidBoots, high and low heels,$8.00 values.Special at $5,95Ladies' $6.00 Tan English Lace Boots.On Sale at $3,99Ladies' $6.50 Gun Metal English Boots.Sale Price $4.00Men's $6.00 Gun Metal Dress Shoes.Special at ..$3.99It Pays to Buy Here.Men's $7.00 Goodyear Welt Shoes.On Sale at $4.95Boys' and Girls' School ShoesAt a Big SavingMisses $3.50 Lace BootsSpecial at $2.49Misses' and Children's $4.00 Boots.Special at $2.99Boys' and Youths' $5.00 Schoo Shoes.Special at $3.49We Sell Good Shoes For UsPrices. 'DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beautyjand Economy Reinfrvi r.brand-or the quality.?31?tS'rf-CifSi rtZ-tiif .Vr " vITV fci-t"is:. "v &&,akflpuV VivJC hTF- Jk-. Jiff& .K. - jj? f?F-, .-.. . y -v f jjt-virSsiLt-6,t"'-5L Vfe.'Hft.lrSLtfyitAJlmlfc. VJScil