f ?yw-THENEWS'-JVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY S, 1920BOURBONOF AT.T.TTiT) TOBACCOLEAGUE HERE.' Mr. W. D. Spaulding of Covington, president of the Allied TobaccoLeague of America, was a guest ofthe Hotel Windsor, in this city,Tuesday. Mr. Spaulding, who is oneof the jmost prominent business menof the Queen City, came to Paris inthe interest of the organization ofwhich he is the head, and whilehere interviewed a large number ofmen interested in the tobacco business.Mr. Spaulding's visit to Paris wasprincipally for the purpose of- get-,tins the tobacco men interested inthe movement to combat the possible campaign which may be wagedagainst tobacco in. the future. TheAllied Tobacco League was organized for the sole purpose of unitingevery department of this great industry against the attacks of thosewho would seek to destroy it. Theirmost urgent insistence is that nowis the proper tijme to arouse allthose who grow, manufacture, sellor consume tobacco, to the fact thattlrere is really an organized effortbeing made to prohibit its growth,manufacture and use. They find,strange as it may seem, that thous--andswhose livelihood depends uponthe business, are unwilling to believe that such an effort is seriouslybeing made in this boasted land offreedom.Realizing that Bourbon county isone of the largest tobacco producingcounties in the State, and that theannual revenue to the merchants ofthe city and county from the tobaccoindustry amounts to a large sum,Mr. Spaulding urged every man inthe city and county who is interested Jn the business to get readylor the fight that is sure to come.He cited, facts and figures to provethat the campaign will be foughtand that it is to the interest of thetobacco men to get under way andprotect themselves.The officers of the League includevcry department of the industry.Every dollar contributed to thecause will be expended in carryingout the purpose of the League.Every tobacco man in the countyshould take an active interest inhelping to build up the national 'organization. Among the members ofthe Bdard of Directors from this vicinity are Dr. Samuel Halley, ofLexington; Elijah Kirk, Maysville;June W. Gayle, Owenton; HenryMartin, Versailles.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan&HEADFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWonderfulReductionsonCoatsSuitsDresses .Georgette and SilkWStS -r" . .i"Stop in and get our prices.They mil surprise you.FRANK & CO.LADIES5 OUTFITTERSADJUDGED TO BE OF UNSOTODMLND.In Judge Batterton's court Tuesday A. R. Johns, Paris photographer, was tried before a jury on awrit of lunatico inquirendo.The jury, after hearing the testimony of physicians and others whohad investigated Johns mental stateseveral weeks ago, returned a .verdict adjudging hijm to be of unsoundmind, and ordered him committed tothe Eastern Kentucky Hospital atLexington.The case of Mr. Johns is a mostpathetic one. He came here a fewyears ago and purchased the photographic studio then operated by L.C. Norman. By hard work and hisnatural artistic talent he built up alucrative business and soon gainedlank as one of the foremost photographers in the State. In the pasttwo or three months ha had beenunusually active in finishing work,often working all night long. Hishealth gradually gave way underthe strain, which, coupled with aninjudicious use of "substitutes" forstimulants to which he had becomeaccustomed, affected his mind. Hishallucinations took various forms,he imagining he had inherited a vastsum of money, also that he had invented a substitute for whisky. Aday or two before his arrest his condition became worse, and he wasplaced under restraint. He wastakeri to a private sanitarium inLexington, where physicians pronounced his case hopeless. The lunacy proceedings here Tuesday followed their decision.Mr. Johns had a host of friendshere, who regret excedingly the unfortunate state to which his badhealth, overwork and other causeshave reduced him. What disposiiion is to be made of his businesshere ha3 not yet been determined.oARE YOU ONE OF THE FTVE?WILL YOU ACCEPT IT?Are you one of the five?- See display add. of Bourbon Building & Loan Association on page 4 ofthis issue. Join now.HELD FOE ASSAULT AND BAI-Douglas K. Clay, of East Paris,was arraigned in Judge George Batterton's Court, Tuesday morning, ona warrant charging him with assault and battery. He waived examination; and was held to the grandjury at the March tenm of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the sum of?500 bail, which he furnished$tJ5,LEGISLATIVE NOTES FROM THE. STATE CAPITOL.The 1920 session of the KentuckyLegislature was called to ordershortly after noon Tuesday with alarge crowd present to witness theopening ceremonies and to hearGovernor Edwin P. Morrow deliverhis message.This is the first time in the history of Kentucky that a Governorhas delivered his message in personand it carried special impressiveness as spoken in the earnest, cleartones of the gifted Republican executive. The House and the Senate assembled in their separate chajmbers andproceeded to routine business connected with the first day of the session. Officers for both of the housesselected in the party caucuses Monday night were elected without delay and Representative Joseph Bosworth, of Middlesboro, assumed thechair as Speaker of the House. Hewas heartily congratulated by hisDemocratic opponent, James H.Thompson, Bourbon County Representative. Following other routine mattersand consideration of the resolutionfor ratification of the constitutionalamendment for national woman'ssuffrage, the two legislative bodiesconvened in joint session in thehouse to hear the message.Confining himself almost entirelyto the pledges and promises made tothe people "of Kentucky in the platform of both political parties in thecampaign last fall, Gov. Morrowin his message urged the eliminationof every useless office and official,the ratification of the Woman Suffrage amendment to the FederalConstitution, ' enforcement of theprohibition amendment adopted atthe election in November, the enactment of a law to carry into effect theprovisions of the anti-mob amendjment to the constitution and legislation to provide for improvement ofthe public school system of Kentucky, particularly in the rural districts, where are being taught 80per cent of the children of Kentucky, the Governor said.Governor Morrow recommendedthafc. the arbitrary power of theState Tax Commission- to " increaseassessments be limited and, "thatcounties which might be increasedby the State Board be given theright to take their case to the Courtof Appeals. He recommended legislation that (might be necessary totake both the schools and the courtsout of politics, with a change in theconstitution to permit this to bedone with regard to State and county Superintendents of Schools.The Governor also recommendedlegislation that would permit him tokeep his promises to the people inregard to the State Board of Control, and the entire, complete andthorough elimination of -'the "fire-putters-out"as a factor in State politics by the abolition of the StateFire Marshal's office and the placingof the office under the direction ofthe Commissioner of Insurance.Declaring that the primary election system had proved faulty insofar as it related to State matters, theGovernor urged the legislature toajmend the law so that it should notapply to nominations for State officers, saying that the system deterredmen of standing who might otherwise be induced to run for publicoffice from entering what would inevitably prove to be an expensivecontest to cover the entire State.The State of Kentucky, throughits Legislature, ratified the Federalconstitutional amendment, grantingsuffrage to women Tuesday afternoon, by an overwhelming vote inboth Houses.In the Senate the vote stood 30 toS, and in the House of Representatives the measure carried 72 to 25.Bourbon's Representative, James H.Thompson, voted for the ratificationof the amendment.It was the twenty-fourth State toofficially endorse the amendment.News that Rhode Island was thetwenty-third State to ratity themeasure was hailed with delight.The Legislature, after spendingconsiderable time in wrangling andbecoming adjusted to conditions, -adjournedTuesday until next Monday.This is in accordance with theusual custom, the interim beingcreated for the purpose of allowingfor the selection of standing committees, and for the formation of ruleswhich will govern procedure in thetwo houses. In the Senate the allDemocratic rules committee selectedMonday will fulfill both of these duties under the direction of Chairman Chailes M. Harris, Democraticleader. Speaker Bosworth will nameHie standing committees ' in theHouse, and, to this end arranged forconferences with other members ofthe House during the recess. Thelatter will not be confined to theRepublican associates, for it is hipintention to delegate to MinorityLeader Thompson, of Bourbon couifty, the selection of 'those DemocraticTOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany held block sale on theirParis and Bourbon houses and No.3 floors combined. Some of the baskets went as high as ?1.03. Thequality of-the offerings was good.The floor averages and other statistics could not be obtained last night.One crop of 2,465 pounds, belonging to Louis Rash, sold for an average of $77.16. Clay & Wagoner'scrop of 2,020 pounds, brought anaverage of $94.28 and one belong-,ing to T. W. Current, 2,190 poundsbrought an average of $87.30.Despite the bitter cold weatherand the other generally discomforting conditions the tobacco trade wasbrisk at the sales held Tues'day.There was a large attendance andthe interest in the markets seemedto be as strong as at previous sales.The market Tas strong on good colory tobacco, which brought as highas one dollar a pound. Prices are jincreasing on the lower grades, andthese types are barely holding theirown. , Receipts continue to runheavy, -with the exception of Wednesday, when slippery roads deter-iter-red many frdm bringing their offer-ings to the market.The block sale of Monday wasconcluded Tuesday at the Independent House. From there it went tothe Bourbon House. The sale Tuesday resulted in the disposal of 160,195 pounds for a money value of$77,003.35, making a floor averageof $48.07.At the Bourbon Warehouse inTuesday's sale a total of. 241,890'dpounds was disposed .of for a moneyvalue of $117,968.90, an average of$48.76. The quality of the efferings was only fair. Several crops inthis sale were brought here fromMontgomery and Clark counties.The Paris market showed increased strength and tone at .thesales held Wednesday. Severalcrops from surrounding countieswere sold at good prices, their owners remarking that in the futurethey would bring all their tobaccoto this market to be disposed of.LThe Tiighest price obtained at thissale was $1.01, -and tne lowesteighteen cents a pound. The receipts were heavy and the qualityof the offering a little bit betterthan at the Tuesday sale.The Independent House No. 2 solda total of 143,115 pounds for $74,Y25.79, a floor average of $52.21.The sale for the day then shifted tothe Paris House of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company, where afull floor was ' on, resulting in ablocked sale, no report being obtainable at- that time.Every farmer and grower in Bour- jbon county should be interested inmaintaining the Paris market, admittedly one of the best in CentralKentucky. The reports receivedeach week from the warehousesshow the local market to be near thetop notch in the matter of sales andhigh averages. It costs a lot ofmoney to send tobacco to othermarkets and to pay all the expenses,while the market here is as good forthe same quality as anywhere else.Be loyal to home institutions.nDOG LICENSES ISSUEDUp to Tuesday afternoon CountyClerk Pearce Paton had issued atotal of 1,400 dog licenses, -as required by the dog tax law. This isa slight increase over the corresponding period for 1918, and showsthat the owners of canines are anxious to have their animals protectedsby law.members fcwho will represent the minority on the House committee.A full list of the committee inboth Senate and House is expectedto be ready when the Assembly convenes on Monday.Mr. Bosworth has made no officialannouncement of his choice forchairmanship of or members of anyof the various House committeeswhich he is employed to appoint,but there, are certain members ofthe majority whose selection for certain chairmanships is said to beassured. Other chairmen who aresaid to have been settled . upon,xand the committee which they willbead, are as follows:Racing Committee Ryaus, Louisville. Agriculture Foster, Greensburg. Criminal Laws Richardson,Louisville. . ' fcMunicipalities Hudson, Louisville. Education Walsh, Harrodsburg.Military Affairs Mason, Hartford. Taxation and Revenue Neal,Morgantown.Juvenile Courts McLelloli, Louisville. Judiciary r Lawrence, Tompkincville. '-.HELD Oft CHARGE OF VIOLATING NARCOTIC ACTRichard English, of Paris, was arrested at the home of Anna Chambers, colored, in Lexington, Wednesday morning, by Internal RevenueInspector Fish and Detective Maloney, of the Lexington police force,on a charge of violating the Federalanti-narcotic law. His trial will beheld before United States Commissioner S. S. Yantis. According to Inspector Fish, the Government regulations prevent any information being given out prior to the trial.English was arrested in Lexington some time ago on a charge of be-ing drunk. On his uerson wasfound a large quantity of "dope,"which he claimed was used in hispractice as a veterinarian. He wasfined on a charge of drunkennessand his case reported to the Government officials. Upon producing adiploma as a veterinarian he was released froim custody.PICTURE PROGRAM . AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday. January 9 Dorothy .Dalton, in "The Market pfSouls;" Pearl White, in "The BlackSecret;" Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "Oh,Teacher!"To-morrow. Saturdav. Januarv 10Robert Warwick in "Told Tn ThoHills;" James J. Corbett, in "TheMidnight Man;" Comedy, "All AtSea."Monday, January 12 DustihFarnum, in "The Light of WesternStars;" Comedy, "His Own, Medicine;" Burton Holmes Travel Pictures. Hear the Derson Fivo play andsing.oIT. D. C. MEETING., .. ,Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughters of Confederacy, will hold abusiness meeting in the Confederateroom in the court house to-jmorrow(Saturday) afternoqn, at 2:3,0o'clock. The principal business ofthe meeting will be to make arrangements for fittingly celebrating"Lee Day,' January 19, the birthday anniversary of General RobertE. Lee, the idolized leacfer of theConfederate forces jn the great warbetween the States. Other businessof importance will come up forconsideration. A full attendance of Ithe membership is urgently requested.It may be noticed that the nearerwe come to 1920 the more Mr.Bryan emerges from his obscurity.WE KNOW HOWVeryN few men appreciate the extremecare and attention to detail that is givennowadays to the making of clothesparticularly the making of our SmartClothes. From the inspection of thewoolens from the mill until the finishedgarments are hung in our cabinets readyfor your try-on, there are hundreds ofseparate individual operations, each ofwhich is performed only by skilled master craftsmen. And each operationmust be perfect in itself to make a perfect fitting product.(J It is the attention tomaking the unseen,garment as fine asa.t parts you can see that is what distinguishes our clothes from other clothes.(I The fit, the style, the smartness may beseen in a try-on before our mirrors.The wearing quality is discovered onlyby months of service. Our wearers cantell you tales of unusual service unusual as compared with other clothes,v yet not unusual for ours.MITCHELL &PARIS NOT LAGGING IN IMPROVEMENTS PAST YEARThat the city of Paris has notlagged behind in the march of improvements during the past year isamply evidenced frcfm statistics furnished from the Mayor's office, asfollows:New dam completed across StonerCreek; new sanitary sewer completed and bond issue voted to construct others; Duncan Avenue as-phalted from Pleasant to Vinestreet; Main street from Tenth toFourteenth, and Pleasant streetfrom Twelfthto Sixth, concrete-surfaced;bonds voted to complete additions to white and colored "publicschools; all macadam streets repaired and put in first-class shape; credit balance of $20,000 in city treasury, compared to $9,000 two yearsago; Winnie street improved andextended to Vine street; new Council elected; and man other, improvements of a substantial natureplanned for this year.The city's affairs are in thoroughly capable hands, and Paris shouldin 1920 be marked up on the honorroll of progressive Central Ken-tucky cities. With a strong pull.'nnd a Pul1 altogether, and with nodivision of interests or bickeringi about who shall get the credit forthings contemplated or things aii ready done, here's hoping-the goodold town will be pushed forward inthe van of progress until it shall besaid of us: "There is a real livetown."BACK EROM SUCCESSFUL HUNTIN FLORIDA.Squire John N. Shropshire anison returned Saturday from amonth's hunting and fishing tripspent around Orlando arid otherpoints in Florida. He reports a mostsuccessful hunt and a very enjoyable time. They bagged a total of176 quail and on their fishing tripscaught large numbers of fine specimens of the finny tribe. Theyspent considerable time on the EastCoast, and met several Bourbon,county people who are temporaryresidents of that vicinity. SquireShropshire said that "wlien he lef$Orlando, the weather was so warmand pleasant that very little clothing was necessary. He said Floridabound trains were still full of tourists, and that there seemed to behardly any one returning.Milwaukee wishing to be represented in Congress by Berger or nobody, will have nobody.3tdetail this care inhidden parts of eachthe high standardBLAKEMORE3Mi hiftjiWJVITdr;"sPAGE TWO' THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY U, 192(T.ir.mikfri?sX?'1.Vrj.nIEBOURBONNEWSEstablished 1881 39 Years of Continuous PublicationPmblished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Cftttered at the Paris, Kentucky,Eostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofay person, firm or corporation'"which may appear in the columns ofTHE BOUIIBON NEWS Avill be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.QUE FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. Jhicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son,Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 11.00 pertack tor first time; 60 cents per inchaaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices. 10 cents per linemen issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on can dilates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseuants and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedSo decline any advertisement or otheraatter for publication.Announcements for political offices- rust invariably be accompanied bybe cash.BUSINESS IS BETTERParis business men. almost without exception, report the holidaybusiness, and, in fact, the entireyear, just past, as the best in thehistory of ihe city. Higher pricesi fn commodities have not been a de-terrent" to selling, the high pricesfor tobacco and other farm productsmaking up for the difference. Cashis" reported (more plentiful than in, the - past. The tobacco businessha been a great factor m turning alarge amount of money into thebusiness channels of the city. Withcomplete stocks and fair prices, themerchants of Paris are fully prepared to take care of local trade.oBut Kaiser, Wilhelm II. Forgot It,Chariot III. of Gt"T:iti :iil.piod thephrase, "year of our I.nui."1920$Ulcc lode IsNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.-O-Make Date forDemonstrationV,G& BALLCor- Fourth andLET'S PUT A liETLE MORE "PEPf!IN PARIS.Paris needs a little bit more enthusiasm and "pep" in a businessway. It is one of the best towns inCentral Kentucky, but it is nocnearly as good as it could be. Dur-j ing the war and since the war, boththe city and county have gone overthe top on every proposition in everycampaign. But we don't pat ourselves on the back nearly as jmuchas we ought to.One reason for the apparentapathy is the lack of an efficient organization to further the city's interests. We are entirely too individual, and taken up. too much with.our o"n affairs. There is an absence of that "get-together" spiritthat make friends and communitiesalike. Eeverybody seems to havethat "Let-George-do-it" idea whenever a question of civic welfarecomes up. Mighty few there arcwho are willing to dig for anybodybut number one, and those few areoverworked. We have had anynumber of Commercial Clubs thatwould hold a few meetings',then begin to drop away, and nothing whatever was accomplished.They meant well, but indifferencefinally crept around and the jmembers soon lost interest in the game.These are organizations that needmore members and more helpers. Alittle more "pep" in 1920 will helpalong a lot of worthy causes, andjmake Paris a better city to live in.. o25,000 AUTO LICENSES ISSUEDAT FRANKFORTTwenty-five thousand automobilelicenses for 1920 have been issuedby the State Motor Vehicle Department. Major Woodyard, head ofthis department, says that he willinsist, on the prosecution of any person who uses an automobile in 1920on an 19 IS license. If the lioonsa isnot secured, he says the car mustremain in the garage.-oNO GREAT ACT OF HEROISM REQUIRED. If some great act of heroism wasnecessary to protect a child fromcroup, no mother would hesitate toprotect her offspring, but when it isonly necessary to keep at hand a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand give it as soon as the first indication of croup appears, there themany who neglect it. Chamberlain'sCough -Remedy is within the reachof all and is prompt and effectual.(adv-jan)oTruest Sympathy.The noblest and the most powerfulfcrn of sympathy i nor merely the responsive tear, the echoed blgh, the answering look; It is the embodiment oflh( sentiment in actual help. Exchanin'. atVft-GARAGEPleasant Sts.PRICES OF BEEF TO SOAR,STOCKYARD EXPERT AYSA shortage of 1,0 00, OOOT cattle inthe year just closing will cause highprices for beef and beef products forat least seven years jmore, it was declared by M. F. Horine, statisticianfor the Union Stockyards, at Chicago, injiis annual report.Mr. Horine said it will be impossible to make good the shortage of1919 oefore 1927, and that the Department of Agriculture's reportconcerning the number of cattle inthe United States was too optimistic.An increase of 377,000 animals ofall kinds received at the UnionStockyards for the year 1919 over1918 was reported. Cattle receipts,however, decreased 290,000.Decreases in cattle slaughteredwere also reported by the marketsin Kansas City, Ojmaha, St. Joseph,St. Louis and Sioux City.o :L"Diamond Dyess" Freshen Up Old,Discarded GarmentsDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk;linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies, coverings. The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a mistake.To match any jmaterial, havedruggist show you "Diamond Dye"Color Card. (adv)oN Marriage at Sea.If the master of a lirilish sliip considers tfuU tin circumstances warrantit, he can soleinnizo a marriage onboard, and the ceremony wfll be considered quite legal and binding.TO THE DYSPEPTIC.Would you not like to feel thatyour stomach troubles are over, thatyou can eat any kind of food thatyou crave? Consider then the factthat Chamberlain's Tablets havecured others why not you. Thereare many who have been, restored tohealth by taking these tablets andcan now eat any kind of food tHatthey crave.(adv-jan)Notice to the PublicWe have not advanced our prices.Shaves. 15 cents. Foui chairs.Four experienced, polite barbers.Shop newly equipped. Thirty yearsof satisfaction.(G-2t) JOHN AYERS & SON.WantedAll kinds of second-hand furniture,stoves and household goods. Highest cash prices paid. We also makea specialty of miaking feather mattresses. Cumberland Phone 780;Night call 1056.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(6-2t-pd)Truck Haulingi We are now prepared to do allkinds of truck hauling. A specialtyof moving. We have a truck that is.at your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or small. Day phone 789;call 1056.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(6-2t-pd)Lost! Between Fifth and Ninth .streets,t on Saturday night, a brown furI neckpiece. Finder will please returnI to this office.For SaleA first-class GO -in. Roll Top officej desk. A bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(19-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.T. PorterSmithAuctioneer, vReal Estate, Livo 'Stock, Personal Property. LockBox 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITHS '.Georgetown, Ky.SHETHQ UGHT DRESSWOULD00Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the First National Bank, of Paris, Kentucky,will meet at their banking house onTuesday, January 13, 1920, between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3 p.m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.' W. W. HALEY, President.(9-td)Boy WantedIndustrious young man wanted tolearn the wall paper business.Good wages while learning. Regular advancement . as earned. Applyat once.(2-tf) THE FAIR.For SaleAbout 250 shocks of fodder and250 shocks of corn at the corner ofthe Lexington and Greenwich pikes."Call undersigned.H. T. JUDY,Cumb. Phone 557. 'Paris, Ky.CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. CalIsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.'S. It. HUDNALL.Office No. 6 Bank Sow.(23dec-tf)W-A-N-T-E-DBeech, Sycamore, Maple,Oak and Walnut Logs.If you have any to sell write toC. C. P4ENGEL & BRO. CO.Louisville Kentucky(dec26-4t-F)Piano SeekersFor Sale, Pianos, Player Pianos.Talking Machines and Records. Ifyou have an old Go note Player,will change it to latest SS notePlayer. We also do Tuning ond Repairing. J. H. .TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 91 SMain Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(30-dec-tf)NOTICE.All parties owing jme are requested to sail and settle at once, asall accounts on my books are dueon January 1. Please be prompt, asit takes money to run business.(2-Ct) J. FLVOVE.NOTICE.The undersigned, on Thursday,January 1, 1920, adopted a slightchange in their scale of prices, andbeginning on that date will chargetwenty cents for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD.CAHAL BROTHERS,RUSS CORBIN.(2jan-tf)Public RentingOFBourbon County Farm.Because of the failure to complywith the rental terms, the farm ofMiss Letitia Clay, will again bepublicly offered at the Court Housedoor, in Paris, 3y., onSaturday, Jan. 10, 1920at 11 o'clock a. m., for the year beginning March 1, 1920. Said farpi islocated on the Winchester pike, dmiles frojm Paris, and contains 301.4acres to he cultivated as follows: 15acres in tobacco; 103.67 acres incorn; 40.82 acres to remain in timothy; 24.21 Nacres to be sowed in timothy and clover; 27.81 acies to befeowed m clover and blue grass,and 89.89 acres. to remain in bluegrass. Said farm will be well watered a concrete pool in addition isto be built in the spring.' The farm contains a two-storyframe residence with eight rooms,kitchen, enclosed back porch, withcistern, bath rooms, cellar, furnace,a three-ioom cabin, a five-acre tobacco barn, with horse stalls, corn,crib and necessary outbuildings. Atenant house with four rooms andkitchen and a ten-acre tobacco barnare to be built in the Spring.Right is reserved to reject any orall bids.TERMS Two negotiable notes forequal parts of the rental price, -payableon September 1, 1920, andMarch 1, 1921, ioppctively, bearinginterest from .maturity.H. C. HOWARD. Agent.Geo. D. Speakcs, Auctioneer.(jan2-6-9)BUY A HOMEIN THE HIGHLANDS OF LOUISIANAClimate mild. even and helthful. Get away from the rigorous winter.Soil rich, sandy lome welladapted for all staple cropscorn, oats, potatoes, cotton andsugar- cane in - abundanceSplendid schools. Good roads.price -Any size tracts from 40acres up only $30 per acre.-firefNThe Bine Grass Realty Co.Office Broadway, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES No. 224No. 1 4-room house on Vine Streetf $2,000.00No. 2 6-room house on Vine Street . . . .,. 3,500.00No 3 :8-room house on Cypress Street 5,000.00No. 4 7-room house on Cypress Street 7,250,00No, 5 6-room house on Seventh Street 7,250.00No. 6 7-room brick on High Street 10,000.00No. 7 6-room brick on Main Srreet 3,500.00No. 8 4-room brick on Nineteenth Street 2,256.000No. 9 8-room brick on Pleasant Street 4,500.00No. 10-6-room brick on High' Street 5,500.00We Have Other City PropertyAlso a Nice List of Farms from 10 to 400 AcresWe would be glad to callproperty weB. T. BISHOP:Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetwmmmP.TrtMyfc3 MHVQmm mam..najj V vxth "t- memVuHi '"IBw - .jjSffar?B "XltoThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris,llllMli;aBli.jU3iSigiSlJaglJSSiaaS.'3.-Mi.:i-.FClover Hay!COLLIER BROS.Have just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay; also anothercarload of nice white corn. Don't forget they have bothNEW AND OLD CORNOffice Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 2575ia:55aIggSS5lJUGEO. W.IIFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Furs, Hides, Junk, WooJWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERNA BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidcsCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, KentuckyWHERE CUMATE AUDSOIL AEE NEVER IDLETerms ?6 cash, no furtherpaypiehts for three years, thenbalance in five annual payments. Seven years to pay forland.Write at once for further information. S. T. EANDLE CO502 Payette Bank Bldg.LEXINGTON, - KENTUCKYPARIS, KENTUCKYfor you and show you anyhave lifted. Seeor J. H. FLORAr. ' t; m m -"'" '.s :'XIXIXIXIXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! 1- H -i 1 With all the latest imnrove-tfj; ments in laundry appliancesf and expert helpers we are-Vl prepared to do work infe-X-Vfe? rior to none, and solicitX1XIXIXIU your patronage.Kentucky.-. j-iiJtgjijmiy.f'---"j-grkcrff:DA VI(jan6-lf)j ; VFRIDAY, JANUARY &, 1920.THE BOtJRBON', NEWS,- PARIS,, KENTUCKYPAGE THREEiftwithout questionif Hunt's Salfails in the treatment of Eczema,Tetter.Ringworm.Itch.etc. Don'tbecome discoilrajed because othertreatments failed. Hunt's Sal vhas relieved hundreds of suchcases. You can't lose on ourMoney Back Guarantcm. Tryit at our risk TODAY. Price 75c,For sale locally byForDruggiSale byL. OBERDORFER,fct, Paris, Ky.GOV. MORROW ESTABLISHES APRECEDENTFRANKFORT, KY., Jan. 8. The1920 session of the Kentucky Legislature was called to order shortlyafter noon Tuesday with a largecrqwd present to witness the openingceremonies and to hear GovernorEdwin P. Morrow deliver his messageThis is the first time in the history of Kentucky that a Governor hasdelivered his message in person.The House and Senate assembledin their separate chambers and proceded to routine business connectedwith the first day of the session.Officers for both of the houses selected in the party caucuses Mondaynight were elected without delay andRepresentative Joseph Bosworth, ofMiddlesboro, assumed the chair asSpeaker of the House.Following other routine mattersand consideration of the resolutionfor ratification of the constitutionalamendment for national woman'ssuffrage, the two legislative bodiesconvened in joint session in the houseto hear the message.oThey Suffer for Other's Sake.'Locking up an anarchist," saidBill the Burg, "is good for him. Butit's kind o tough on the other fellersthat have to live in the same jail."e!m, mmMJsa2 wuxedo Hog RationUNTIL you feed Tuxedo Hog Ration you cannot know how cheaply pork can be developed. Tuxedo isa quick fattener a never-failing producer of live, sturdy, good lookinghogs. The formula is compoundedalong lines suggested by a prominentState Experiment Station Official.Vra 1rNote of what Tuxedoand you will understand why it is so verynutritious: Digester Tankage, Corn Meal,Ground Barley, Ground Oats, Wheat Middlings, Old Process Oil Meal, Gluten Feed,Alfalfa Meal.This balancedCane Molasses.ATVTAT VQTQ PROTEIN 14.5: FIBRE 7aINaJLs X OlO. CARBOHYDRATES 55: FAT 3.5Made by the Manufacturers of Tuxedo Chop, Ce-re-a-liaSweets, Tuxedo Scratch, Ce-re-a-lia Egg MashSee Your Nearest Dealer" FOR SALE BY ,Stuart - O'Brien ParisPerry, HcGomas & Mitchell. ParisMorgan & Crenshaw tT GeorgetownMillersbiirg Coal & Lumber Co., MfflersburgTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe' Ford One Ton Truck is a profitable"beast of burden" and surely has the "right ofway" invery line of business activity. For alltrucking purposes in the city and for all heavywork on the farm, the Ford One Ton Truckwith its manganese bronze worm-drive andevery other Ford merit of simplicity in design,strength in construction, economy in operation,low purchase price, stands head and shouldersabove any other truck on the market. Drop inand let's talkit over and leave your order for one.Ruggies Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.nrjNAME BAYER"MEANS ASPIRINIS GENUINEPrescribed by Physicians For OverEighteen Years.Each package and tablet of genuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" ismarked with the safety "BayerCross."The "Bayer Cross" means youare getting genuine Aspirin, prescribed by physicians for over eightteen years.In the Bayer package are safe andproper directions for Colds, Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Lupibago, Sciatica, .Neuritis and pain generally.Handy tin boxes of 12 tabletscost only a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger Bayer packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)oPhiladelphia Parks.Philadelphia has a park system of4,404 acres.Zulus regard non-poisonous snakesas ancestors and permit them to enter dwellings unmolested.aSuroHog Ration is made,SA toAYElsLiSPmixture is sweetened withNATION-WIDE RAID ON "BEDS"BY GOVERNMENT.WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.Thegreatest round-up of radicals in thenation's history was conducted lastweek by the government, actingthrough Department of Justiceagents in thirty-three cities, stretching from Coast to Coast.At midnight reports indicated thatmore' than 1,500 members of theCommunist and Communist Laborparties, against whom the raids weredirected, were in custody and Department of Justice officials expressedthe opinion that daylight would seetwice that number behind the bars.Not alone was the round-up thelargest yet conducted by the government in its effort to rid the countryof radicalism, but, in the view of theofficials, it was the most thoroughlycarried out. Department of Justiceagents had been instructed severaldays ago and at 9 o'clock Fridaynight the move was begun on theradical headquarters, whether inPortland, Me., or Portland, Ore.Department of Justice operativeswere directed to catch the radicals"with the goods on," and that theseinstructions were carried out was evidenced in reports, particularly iromNewYork, where the offices of communist newspapers were raided, andfrom New England, where considerable literature prepared for dissemination by the two parties was seizedThe primary objects of the raids,Assistant Attorney General Garvanannounced, was the obtaining of evidence upon which the Department ofLabor might proceed, with the deportation of undesirables.The larger cities in which raidswere conducted follow:New York, Baltimore, Boston,Buffalo, Chicago, Cleveland, Denver,Des Moines, Detroit, Grand Rapids,Hartford, Indianapolis, Jacksonville,Kansas City, Los Angeles, Louisville,Milwaukee, Newark, Omaha, Philadelphia, Pittsburg, Portland (Me.).Portland (Ore.), Providence, SanFrancisco. Scranton, Spokane, St.Louis, St. Paul, Springfield (Mass.),Syracuse, To7edo and Trenton.Minor raids were made in othercities.The biggest "bag" of the radicalswas made in New York, where atmidnight more than 800 had been arrested and sent to Ellis Island. Froma dozen New England cities 300 ormore of tlje Communists were gathered and in Detroit the raiders found'plentiful supply, taking about 300into custody. Chicago and Philadel-plentiful upply, taking about 300 into custody. Chicago and Philadelphia supplied more than 120 andBuffalo about 100.A larger number than in any previous raid was reported from practically all of- the cities.The object- of the raids, AssistantAttorney General Garvan said, wasto obtain for submission to the Department-of Labor cases for deportation of "a very large number ofour most dangerous 'anarchists andradical agitators." Agents of thedepartment, he added, went out prepared to catchthe radicals "with thegoods on."In connection with announcementof the raids Friday night, AttorneyGeneral Palmer made public a letterwhich he had written to BarclayHoyne, State's Attorney for CookCounty at Chicago, in which Mr.Hoyne was requested to defer thelocal raids conducted there Thursdaynight.Mr. Palmer explained in his letterthat the Department of Justice hadplanned a nation-wide campaignagainst the- same people which wereto be raided by Mr. Hoyne's agentsin Chicago. Department officialssaid they, were without informationas- to whv the Chicago raids wentthrough Thursday night when Mr.Hoyne had full information as to theplans of- federal agents to do thesame work'. Friday night.The general charge of attemptingto overthrow the government byforce and violence was placed againstthe persons arrested "during the raids.Officials declared they believed thatseveral hundred members of theCommunist and Communist ' Laborparties would be behind the bars before morning.Officials here declared the nationwide round-up was the most completely planned and the machinerywas the best oiled for this of anyraids launched against the radicalelement in this country. It was arranged some ten days ago that theraid should take ulace Fridav nisjht,and confidential , communicationswere sent to Department of Justicerepresentatives and United States Attorneys in the thirty-three cities.Department of Justice agents desired most of all to capture incriminating document, not so much of theliterature and pronoganda, butpapers showing details of the communist organizations in each city.It was indicated that if such evidencewere obtained, deportations of thepersons concerned would be an easymatter.As in the case of the members ofthe Union of Russian Workers, several score of whom were abroad thetransrort Buford. which sailed fromNew York ten days ago, membershipcards in the organization were regarded by officials as constitutingthe best documentary evidence onwhich to base deportation caes.Official said the only differencebetween the Communist party andthe Communist Labor uarty was oneof leadership. Both have been endeavoring to bring 'about the establishment of a soviet form of government in this country since their organization last September, accordingto officials.Documents gathered by federala cents recently show conclusively, itwas said, that plans were drawn u.pbv the leaders of each of these parties to develop a score or more ofSoviets throughout the country.These were to be merged undpr asoviet conned similar to that whichr.nv pvit-s in Russia, according toMr. ..Garvan.SOCIAL AND. PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Walter Martin, of MartinBros., has returned from a businesstrip to Indianapolis, Ind.Mrs. Catherine Harris, of Owenton, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. L. D. Harris, on Walkeravenue.Miss Mary Smith who has beenseriously ill at her hopne on SouthMain street, with la grippe, is improving. Mrs. E. C. Cleveland and twochildren left Tuesday for Tampa,Florida, to spend the remainder ofthe winter.Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian have returned from' a visit totheir son, Edward Fithian, and Mrs.Fithian, in Louisville.Mrs. D. S. Henry and twodaughters, Misses Charlotte and Elizabeth Henry, have gone to FloridaCo remain the rest of the winter.Miss Princia Gaines, who hasbeen spending the holidays with herparents in Georgetown, has resumed charge of her school at LittleRock.Mr. and Mrs. Wills Jacoby havegone to housekeeping in the cotlageon the Clintonville pike, recentlypurchased by them from Mr. Haggard. Robert Lee Frank, of the Armof Frank & Co., left yesterday forthe Eastern markets, to purchasethe spring and summer stocks forhis fii-jm.Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins have returned to their home inCovington, after a visit at the hemeof Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay,on Eighth street.Mrs. William B. Ardery will entertain at her heme near this citythis afternon, in compliment to Mrs.Benjamin Forsythe Buckner, one ofthe' season's brides.The members of the Wednesday Bridge Club were entertained byMrs. George W. Stuart at hei homeon Mt. Airy avenue, with a iunch-eon-bridge,Wednesday.Prof. J. T. Hazelng has returned to Shelbyville. after spendingthe holidays in this city with his:. tfamily. Mrs. Hazelrigg will re' no' i:no,main for a longer visit. .was broiMrs. Buckner Woodford will behostess at her home to-day to thsmembers of the Friday Bridge Club.Following the garner a short business session will be held.Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Browningand children left yesterday for avisit to Mrs. S. J. Dykes, mother ofMrs. Browning, in Indianapolis,and to "relatives in Muncie, Ind.Miss Sallie Burris and daughter, Miss Columbia Burris, and son,Deweese Burris, have returned totheir home in Lexington, after aisit to Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddle.Irvine Morse Keller, who is tobe married to Miss Edith Myall Daniel, arrived Wednesday from NewYork, and is a guest at the home. ofhis .mother, Mrs. Callie Keller, onSeventh street.Many Paris people have received invitations to the CovingtonCharity Ball, to be given at the Ft.Mitchell Country Club, to-night.This will' be one of the brilliant social events of the season.Mrs. Hugh Cajmpbell entertained with luncheon at her homeon Fifth street, in compliment toMiss Aleta Wilson, of Millersburg,who is soon to become the bride ofMr. Lucien Arnsparger, of Paris.The guests were Miss Aleta Wilson,Mrs. Ireland Davis, Mrs. Robert M.Johnson, Mrs. Edward Spears andMrs. George Watkins.The following who have beenguests for the holidays of Mr. andMrs. L. D. Harris, at their home onWalker avenue, have returned totheir respective homes: Mr. andMrs. R. M. Harris, to Wichita,Kansas; C. C. Harris, to Stafford.Kansas; Mr. and Mrs. Noah Spears,to Akron, Ohio; Mr. and Mrs. It. E.Green and daughter, Miss ElizabethGreen, to Owenton.(Other Personals on Page 5). oSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEREVIEW.Trading has been very quiet onbutter and eggs during the week, asis usually the case during the holidays. Prices are showing a lowertendency, both in consuming centers and producing territory.Reserve stocks in storage areabove normal, and appear amplefor future requirements.Receipts of poultry are lighi, and,due to the demand, there has beensome advance in paying pricesthroughout the country.Reserve stocks of poultry in storage appear to be lighter than ayear ago.ADMINISTRATOR FILES SUIT FOR"$20,000 DAMAGES.a est was filed in the NicholasCircuit Court at Carlisle, by HolmesJ . . j. TrrilCnu "Uvivt& Ross, attorneys iur vyuucuu w,administrator of the estate of Addison Ginn, deceased, against WalkerD. Hines, director general of tljeUnited States railroads, for $20,000damages. The petition alleges thatAddison Ginn was killed in November by th'e carelessness and negligence of- the epnPloyes in ckS6a passenger train running throughCarlisle.mi- ' ...ill atoa nn of tllP Vph-j.ne eutoc win uuiuc iajj " - -- jiuary term of of court, for trial.Many People ReportBig Gains In WeightraousANDsOF THIN, FRAILRESTORED TOPEOPLEHEALTH BY TAULAC.MANY REMARKABLEEXPERIENCES TOLDPeople In All Ranks of Life TellWhat Celebrated Medicine HasDone For Them.One of the jmost noteworthy features in connection with Tanlac andthe one that stands out more prominently than any other, perhaps, isthe very large number of wellknown men and women from allparts of the South who have recently reported astonishing andrapid increases in weight as a result of ils use.When so jmany well-known peo-pie of unquestioned integrity makestatement after statement, each cor-roborating the other, the truth ofsuch statement can no longer bedoubted.Thousands have testified that thisfamous medicine has cojmpletely restored them to health and strength,after every other medicine and themost skilled medical treatpnenthave failed.One of the most remarkable caseson record is that of Mrs. Viola Ives,of 315 Cross street, Little Rock,Ark., whose statement appears below. "In May of 1913," said Mrs. Ives,"I suffered a complete breakdown of,my nervesand my entire systemgave way. About six weeks after-I ward I was carried to the hospital,jl became perfectly helpless couldj not move any part of my body andthere in bed for five monthsnowing anything or anybody. Irmrrht hnmp in Op.tnher 1913.i id tred aU Wnds of medicine andevoiy thing I was told about."I read about so jmany people getting relief by taking Tanlac and myhusband got me a bottle. After taking three bottles I began to feel better. I have taken several bottles ofTanlac - now and I can walk anywhere and sleep like a child. WhenI took ,my first dose of Tanlac Iweighed only one hundred andsixty-two. pounds. I now weigh onehundred and sixty-two an actualgain of forty pounds since I startedon Tanlac."Texas Man TestifiesAnother remarkable case was thatof John M. Crab tree, a general mer- ,chant of Five Mile Station A, Dal-las, Texas:"I have actually gained thirty-four pounds on three bottles ofTanlac and I now know what it is toenjoy good health after sufferingfor twenty years," said Mr. Crab-tree.the'I suffered with catarrh ofstomach and indigestion for twentyyears apd for eighteen months, before I started taking Tanlac, I hadto live almost entirely on cereals. Ispent nearly all of one whole yearin bed and was unable to do any -thing at all and I fell off in weightto 118 pounds."After using my third bottle ofTanlac I found I had. increased inweight from 118 pounds to 152pounds, making an actual gain ofthirty-four pounds all my troubleswere gone, and I was feeling likeanother man."Captain Jeff D. Riggs, popular Y.& M. V. engineer, running betweenVicksburg "and New Orleans and residing at 2020 Pearl Street, Vicksburg, in speaking of Jiis experiencewith Tanlac said wYes, sir,,it's anactual fact, I have gained twentyfive pounds on Tanlac.""When I began taking the jmedicine," continued Captain Riggs, "Iwas simply a nervous and physicalwreck and had dropped down inweight from one hundred and fortylo one hundred and ten pounds."I have just finished my secondbottle of Tanlac, have gained twen-A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY GLEANERCumberland Phone 40MRS. CHAS. PEDENGAINS 27 POUNDSWAS TWICE EXAMINED AHBTOLD OPERATION WOULD.BE HER ONLY HOPE"I have just finished my thirdbottle of Tanlac and have gainedtwenty-seven pounds," was the trulyremarkable statement made by Mrs.Charles Peden, residing at 550 MillStreet, Huntsville, Ala. '"When I comjmenced taking themedicine," she continued, "I onlyweighed 125 pounds, and never feltbetter in my life. For years I havesuffered with a bad form of stomachtrouble, constipation and pains in.my side and back. At times thepains took the form of torture, and I(was twice examined and each timsLW. Tt V eaun, .L?Jld that?ad appendicitisand that an operation would be myonly hope."I had made all preparations forthe operation and called in pny sister to tell her good-by, as I did notknow whether I would live to seeher again or not. My sister beggedand pleaded with me not to allowthem to cut on me and told me towait and try a good tonic forawhile. The next day, as I returnedfrom the consultation room, 1thought of what she said, and I hadheard so jniuch about Tanlac, I de-cided to try it and got a bottle."I never returned for the opera-tion, but just kept taking the Tanlac. Right from the start I beganto feel better. The medicine seemedto take hold right at once."I was so happy over the wonderful improvement in my conditioathat I sent for any neighbors to tellthem how much better I felt. I seatand got another bottle of Tanlac,and have just finished taking mythird bottle and feel as if I havebeen made all over again into a newwoman."ty-five pounds and I feel like a nawman."Old-Time Engineer Talks.Engineer Charles J. Weeks, wkoruns the Seaboard Air Line fasttrain "Fox" between Jacksonvilleand Tapipa, bears the distinction'bfbeing tho second oldest engineer inpoint of service with this road, having been with the company f6rthirty-five years,"I have gained twenty pounds orseven bottles of Tanlac and feel aswell and happy as I did when, aboy," said Mr. Weeks,j "For twenty years I suffered witknervous indigestion of the worstsort," he continued, "and at times! during the past fifteen years I didn'tthink I would last much longer. Tstell you the truth, I finally reaefcethe point where I didn't much "car! whether I lived or died."j Thousands of other people all'. over the country have reported thesame astonishing gains in weigktafter taking Tanlac. Among theseare: Mrs. E. O. Wilson, of 197 BaasStreet, Atlanta, Ga., who gained 2Spounds; Edward Reno, 1721 Broadway, Kansas City, Mo., who gained25 pounds; Mrs. W. C. Cochran, ofJuliaetta, Idaho, who gained 22pounds; Mrs. Doll Davis, of viogSamuel Avenue, Peoria, HI., wfiagained 30 pounds; Chas. E. Shaffer.508 W. Charleston Street, Portland,Ore., who gained 24 pounds; Mrs.Amelia Mann, R. F. D. No. 2, Ogden,Utah, who gained 25 pounds; W. S.Hukill, 7308 Park Avenue, Tacoma.Wash., who gained 20 pounds; Mrs.B. W. Smith, 3113 Burdett Street.Omaha, Neb., who gained 35pounds; Fred Wv. Saunders, 710Market Street, San Francisco, Cal..who gained 24 pounds and manyothers too nupnerous to mention.Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy.may both derive saiisfactioaby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes, thathave the appearance of new in.conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy yon.A phone brings us.Home Phone 169Im4Ihsmriithi"ML1HhillII' ?VPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 9 I92fti-' . -tI372 ACRES OF EOBD ESTATE AV- HIGH SCHOOL EXAMINATIONEEAGES $370. I SCHEDULE JANUAHY 19-23An average of $370 an acre was j Monday, January 19, from 8:30realized fropi the sale of 372 acres to 12:00 . o'clock Freshman Hisof the old Ford estate, owned by lory; Sophopnore Latin; Chemistry;Malt C. Clay and S. B. Lane, both ' Junior Mathematics and Generalof Mt. Sterling, located four miles Science. From 1:00 to 4:00 p. m.from Paris, on the Clintonville pike, ' Senior Physiology and Biology,which was sold at public auction Tuesday, January 20, from 8:30Tuesday morning, by Auctioneer . to 12:00 o'clock Junior English;George D. Speakes, of the firm of Sophomore History; Virgil; Fresh-Harris & Speakes, of this city. The num Jfnysioiogy. urom i;uu .u .wsale was held in the residence, andthe bidding was active, the attendance being very large.The farm was sold in five tracts,and the average was $50 an acrehigher than that paid at a sale ofthe same land held about sixty daysryi 'TIT. 4 ! A a t? lliYTteWgv. xjio hv,lo "u iuuu,,fl- U -io.AA n'nlnolr UnnlmmnroTract No 1, 141 acres with resi- '.-p,. Latln; Senlor ,p. m. unemisiry; juaDaraiury.Wednesday, January 21, fromS:30 to 12:00 o'clock FreshmanEnglish; Senior. History; Cicero;Sophomore Mathematics. From 1:00to 4:00 p. m. French II, III,1V.-B.Thursday, January 22, from 8:30Eng-Mathe-dence, to Albert S. Thompson, of matj physicg 1:0Q tQ 4:0Qrans, lor di an acre, iilinu.,,- m. Physics Laboratory ; French63 acres, to Keller Green, Circuit v tClerk of Montgomery county, for," priday january 23, from 8:30 to$267 an acre; Tract No. 3, 48 ; 12:00 o'clock Senior English; Junacres, to Clarence LeBus, of Lexing- iQr History; Latin One Sophomore;ton, for $500.25 an acre; Tract No- Presliman Mathematics. From 1:004, bU acres, to juage w. u. xayior, (Q 4;00 p m.spanish.of Clark county, for 5440.50 anacre; Tract No. 5, 60 acres, to ChasSecond semester opens Monday,January 26. Arrange your courses1ST. Peddicord, A. L. Stephenson and ; beforehand and be ready for classS. K. Nichols, of Bourbon county, work 0n this date. See second semfor $480 an acre. Jester schedule, ready January 19.The sale aggregated $133,991.21. jThe owners, Messrs. Clay and Lane, isaid to have made a profit ofLEE KIRKPATHICK, Supt.areover $20,000 on their original investment. o.ARE YOU ONE OP THE FIVE?WILL YOU ACCEPT IT?WE ARE NOT GUILTY.Are you one of the five?See display add. of Bourbon Building & Loan Association on page 4 ofthis issue. Join now.FREEDELIVERY!XWe have made arrangements with the Merchants'In a recent issue of The ParisDemocrat, Editor Will Reniingtonhad an item regarding the finding ofa snake at the entrance of the Massie Memorial Hospital grounds. TheFlemingsburg Times-Democrat givesthe credit for the "find" to THEBOURBON NEWS, but we don'twant to rob Repnington of the gloryof his discovery. The T.-D. says,under the caption, "THE BOURBONNEWS Ahead:""THE BOURBON NEWS, of Paris,gets the first honors in the snakestory contest, reporting a 2-footblacksnake trying to enter MassieHospital in that city recently. Hedidn't tell us, however, wherefellow who discovered the snakehis. ."Editor Wm. Remington, ofParis Democrat, is trying to makesome of the newspaper boys jealous.He claims to have received as oneof his Christinas presents a quart of18-year-old booze. By the way, Will,was it you who discovered the snakethe'gotthe1Delivery Company for two i!HTHE bourbon news reported, asuttviiig ueen occji Living iu get iiiludeliveries a day. the hospital?"Your business is solicited.rKTvrrrn? to rto Aim t?rrfrmrmTD.U 1.. -wvaavxi xv una juxaj j1jjj XXULlsxjutu yuunes. ; nnW50TTVn?.T??Your gas and electricnow due and Saturday isXIII1 Mrs. Ellis' CashI GroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.K1bills arethe lastday that you can pay them and saveyour discount. If you mail yourcheck be sure and have it in thepostoffice on or before the 10 th ofthe jmonth for the envelope mustnot be post marked later than thatdate or it will be returned to you.We can not make any exception' to this rule.K! C. L. STEENBERGEN,MeJ (6-2t) Manager.BEAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Realty Co. sold for MissFrances Butler, a cottage located onHiggins avenue, to Archie Bedford,for a private price.LWStart the New Year Right withPATHE RECORDSI've Got My Captain Working for Me NowWhen They're Old Enough to Know Better22201 (EDDIE CANTOR)Wild and Wooly, One StepThat Shanghai Melody, Fox Trot22203 (MASTER SAXOPHONE SEXTET)You'll Be Sorry, Medley Fox TrotJust for Today, One Step22205 " (PALACE TRIO)When the Preacher Make You MineBuddha22209 (TUXEDO SYNCOPATERS)Oh, What & Pal Wat MaryPatches22210 (NICHOLAS ORLANDO'S ORCHESTRA)Just for Me and Mary(LEWIS JAMES AND CHARLES HART)Every Tear Is a Smile In an Irishman's Heart222 1 2 (CHARLES HART)Saxophone Blues (ERNEST HARE)They're All Sweeties22213 (BILLY MURRAY)Fast Asleep in Poppyland (PEERLESS QUARTET)I Might Be Your Once-in-a-While222 1 4 (ARTHUR FIELDS)I Wanna Go Back . (CAMPBELL AND BURR)I Am Always Building Castles in the Air22217 (STERLING TRIO)A Pretty Girl Is Like a Melody (SAM ASH)Dear Heart22219 (TURNER ROE)M 22219 (TURNER ROE) -kMSs Sw BB IBbW. Bm I mB sB Bfl kT BB9B H H BJ BjFGarnett & Robinson, of Cynthiana, sold for J. L.'Monson, his farmon the Lafferty pike, in Harrison,county, to Albert Snapp, of Bourbon -county, for a private price.Harris & Speakes, real estatedealers, sold at private sale Mondayfor Harris, Speake3 & Mjtchell, afive-room cottage located on Higginsavenue, to Sam Griffith, of Paris, for$1,800.R. H. Mattox sold Wednesdaythrough the Paris Realty Company,his residence in East Paris, to J. T.Moberley, for 3,500. The samecompany also sold the Kiser farmof seventeen acres, located on theClintonville pike, to Ed. Berry, ofCane Ridge, for $10,500."My Sweetie," John P. Hulgrew'schummy musical revue which comesto the Grand on Friday, January 9,under the direction of Boyle Wool-folk, with the inimitable Max Bloomin the leading copnedy role, is of theintimate drawing room type of entertainment, which is achievingsuch intense vogue on Broadway today. Boyle Woolfolk has established areputation for presenting, only thebrightest and cleanest style of musical revue. He has realized inmany ways the ideals which prevailed in London at the famous GaietyTheatre. Presented in the originalscenic setting which are pnarvels oftaste and beautiful design and interpreted by one of the strongest castsever taken on tour, it is little to bewondered at that "My Sweetie" istaxing the' capacity of the theatersin the cities in which it is being( presented.BEST GASOLINE AND KEROSENEYOUR ORDER SOLICITEDThe Paris Realty Cojmpany soldthis week for Mrs. C. L. Bell, a onestory brick cottage on Main street,known as the Thomas McDonaldproperty, to Mrs. Lou P. Letton, ofMillersburg, for $8,000. Mrs. Letton will get possession of the property in March, when she will occupy it. f ,The Paiis Realty Company soldthis week for Roy F. Clendenin, atract of land containing three andone-half acres, located on the Clintonville pike near Paris, to OtisJohnson, of North Middletown, for?3,500. The place has a large tobacco barn on it. Possession willbe given in March.Sam Houston purchased recentlyof H. C. Henson, of Harrison county,the Morris farm of ninety acres, located at the -intersection of theBrentsville and Clay's Cross Roatispike, in this county, for $300 anacre. He will get possession nextMarch. Mr. Henson bought theplace last fall from Wm. H. Whaley, and in this sale realized a handsome profit.ATTENTION, YOUNG LADIESThe Ctflotfberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company requires more young women lolearn Telephone Operating.We will teach you and payou while learning. Regularand frequent increases areinsured.We like to employ alert,earnest young women, whoare courteous by nature anuhave Hie ambition to succeedby doing their work correctly.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONESTELEGRAPH COMPANY.(Incorporated.)Jan 2-tf'teWA . C C - tftf- DruggistsLODGES ELECT AND' INSTALLNEW OmCERSWilh The coming of the new yearone of the activities among thelodges is the election and installation of officers to preside over theirdeliberations during the year. During the past week the following elections and installations have takenplace in Paris:Bourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O. O. F.Archie 'Bedford, Noble Grand; A.A. Pogue, Vice-Grand; W. A. Lail,Recording Secretary; H. D. Shy,Treasurer; W. L. Chisholm, RightSupporter Noble Grand; JohnDodge, Left Supporter Noble Grand;Sherwood Williams, Right SupporterVice-Grand;, John Chisholm, LeftBowling, Inside Guardian. TheSupporter Vice-Grand ; Williamoffice of collector was dispensedwith, and the delinquent mepiberswill have to come to the lodge tosettle their dues. The work of installation was conducted by DistrictDeputy Grand Master L. M. Vanhook, of this city.Pythian Sisterhood Miss SadieFuller, Most Excellent Chief; Mrs.Martha Gardner, Past Chief;Mrs. Harold Roberts, Excellent Senior; Mrs. Clyde Richards, Excellent Junior; Mrs. J.B. Peterson, -Manager; Mrs. JessieOgle, Mistress of Records and Correspondence; Miss Beatrice Fuller,Mistress of Finance; Miss MabelWatson, Protector; Mrs. RachelHart, Outer Guard.Junior Order United AmericanMechanics Mora Honican, Councillor; O. B. Mann, Vice-Councillor;L. D. Honican, Recording Secretary; J. O. Owens, Assistant Recording Secretary; Albert Wachs, Financial Secretary; A. B. Dennison,Treasurer; Harry Hill, Warden;' Jos.Lenox, Inside Sentinel; R. C. Foster, Outside Sentinel; Thomas Harp,Chaplain, J. K. Cahal, Thos. Funk,Trustees."f'MY SWEETIE" AT THE GEANDTO-NIGHTPLAYING THE OIL GAME.Dr. John Adair, formerly ofParis, who has been residing inCanadian, Texas, for several years,. has given up the practice of dentistry in that place, and has moved toJUWil JTU1A, J.CAO.S. JLI. .tt.UU.Xl Uittaccepted a position as manager of &large oil producing concern -at.Iowa Park, with a salary of $2,600per annum and expenses.oHaving dehorned the beef trust,Mitch Palmer now feelB fit for thH. C. of L. finish fight.Are You One of the Five?Out of every twenty-five young men less than fire aresaving any money. Twenty-five years from now thesefour or five will be the well-to-do men of the community;the others will be. plugging along from hand to mouth.One chance in five for you. Will you accept it?Then start the new year with a savings account inthe old reliableBourbon Building & Loan AssociationThe Western Petroleum Co. isnow ready to serve the public withQuality and Service Gasoline andKerosene. Your order will be appreciated. ,NIMROD CRUMP. Agent.Both Phones 503. (16-lmo)Directors:H. A. POWER,GEO. BATTEETON, 'E. B. JANUARY, "ID. Y. L. PARLEY,SLOGAN HOWARD,HENRY PUHRMAN,HOUSTON RION,JAS. DAUGHERTY,ROY P. CLENDENIN.New Series Now OpenCome In With Us ::Officers BondedH. A. POWER, President.GEO. BATTERTON, Vice-President".WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secretary.JAMES McCLURE, Treasurer.Bourbon Building & Loan AssociationBIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Rankin areI being congratulated upon the arrival of a son at their home nearEwalt's Cross Roads. Mrs. Rankinwas formerly Miss' Anna Mahorney.Cheerful, AttractiveFURNITUREAt Prices No HigherYour home can be made the most attractive and cheerful in your neighborhood, if you choose furniture thatcommands attention and admiration.Not the most expensive but themost distinctive.You will appreciate the character ofthe furniture we are showing. Weenjoy having you come in and inspectour displays. And, if you wish, consult us about your furnishings. It'part of our service.vT i, jiVT"" VBl nSSou KSv Nqjjwm Iq&s SiBf1 fi.t.j '.'.?..in;-1;.'.. ..' 'in'"., mm mA Queen Anne Suite That YouWill AppreciateThis living room suite is very attractive. It is beautifully finished in either American Walnut or Mahoganv.Upholstered in figured tapestry or velour.All Aboard ForSlumberlandWe have the bed and mattress for the little one.A good airing eachdayWill keep the doctor awayA Charming Arrangement Fromthe William and Mary MotifYou will find this bedroom suite very attractive and refreshing. It consists of four pieces, handsomely finishedin American JValnut or mahogany.1 nKflHIlHBHffiMvHflrflJEBJEiS I RflKHoBHflHSHilr f '! ' Jt. L Xi3 IDainty, Inviting Furniture For the. Dining RoomIllustrated is a dining room suite of jthe Queen Anneperiod. , It comprises, ten pieces richly finished in American Walnut or Mahogany. ' ...An AttractiveBrass BedIt is constructed throughoutof the finest brass tubing.Satin finished decorations.?vA. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerjIiiiifFRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVEEFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECORSET SPECIAL.Values up to $3.50 -sale price$1.00 while they last.It FRANK & CO.ARE YOU ONE OF THE HVEWILL YOU ACCEPT IT?Are you one of the five?See display add. of Bourbon Building &- Loan Association on page 4 ofthis issue. Join now.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The W. R. Williams Motor Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of a 1ton Federal truck to the MartinBros' Transfer Co., of Paris. TheGoodwin-Field Motor Co., of Lexington, reports the sale and delivery of a Dodge Bros.' car and aroadster to the Bourbon Garage andSupply Co., of Paris.STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING OPPARIS HOME TELEPHONE CO.The annual pieeting of the stockholders of the Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company washeld yesterday at the offices of thecompany, in this city. The following Board of Directors was electedfor the year 1920: Col. J. D.Powers and S. M. Heller, of Louisville; E. H. Cady, R. B. Crane andI. E. Knisely, of Toledo. Ohio.TEACHERS' MEETING TO-MORROW.A meeting of the public schoolteachers of Bourbon county will beheld this morning at ten o'colck, inthe County Court roojm in the courthouse. At the conclusion of themeeting checks for the fourthmonthly pa3rment for salaries will behanded the teachers, aggregatingabout $3,600. The subject for discussion at the meeting of theteachers will be "The Place andWork of the School in Modern Life."oATTEND MEETING OF MEDICALSOCIETY.Physicias of Paris and Bourboncounty attended ttie meeting of theCentral Kentucky Medical Society,held in Lexington yesterday morning. The sessions began at teno'clock. Interesting addresses weremade by a number of physicians,among them Dr. Milton J. Stern, ofParis, and Dr. Louis Frank, of Louisville, formerly of Paris. The society , holds regular meetings everythree, months to discuss matters ofinterest to the physicans of CentralKentucky.A REAL SPECIALOklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pound while they last.Better get in on this special.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oARE YOU ONE OF THE FIVE?WILL YOU ACCEPT IT?Are you one of the five?See display add. of Bourbon Biulding & Loan Association on page 4 ofthis issue. Join now.POLICE WILL ENFORCE AUTOMOBILE ORDINANCESIn accordance with instructionsissued to them the police force ofParis will, from now on. strictly enforce the provisions of the city ordinance regarding backing automobiles into Main street from the sidestreets. Drivers and owners of machines are requested to governthemselves accordingly.During the resurfacing work inprogress on Main street, and theconcreting of upper Main and Pleasant street this ordinance was observed only in its non-observanceand no arrests were made, the policerealizing the difficulties placed inthe path of autoists. Now that thework has been completed, and thestreets reopened to traffic complaints of the non-observance of theordinances have come in so stronglythat the police have been instructedto enforce the law and report allcases of violation of same.oTHE CHAUTAUQUA GUARANTORS ELECT OFFICERSAt Va meeting of the RedpathChautauqua Entertainment Course,held at the Y. M. C. A., the. following Committees were elected:Publicity W. G. McClintock,Chairman; Pearce Paton, MikeLavin. 'Tickets James M. Caldwell,Chairman; Charles Cook, J. B. Caywood. The entertainments in the. courseare of the highest character, and include Kryl's Orchestra on Friday,February 27, one of the best in thecountry, and one week later, onMarch 5, Dr. S. Park Cadman, oneof the greatest lecturers in theUnited States. The course closes,with V. S. Watkins, the popular entertainer, on Wednesday-, March. 31.& order to accommodate thelarge crowd expected to hear theorchestra an effort will be made toget ,the Opera House for that number.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Julia Nash, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. Clarence E. Wood, inGeorgetown.Wm. R. Blakemore, of Mitchell& Blakemore, will leave Monday fora trip to New Orleans.Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddle willleave Sunday for a -visit to friendsand relatives in Norfolk, Va.George Chipley, of Portsmouth,Ohio, is a guest of his cousin, S. T.Chipley, on South Main street.Mrs. John A. Lyle will leaveMonday for Los Angeles, Call., tospend the reminder of the winterwith relatives and friends.Sherman Lathram has returnedto his home in Owingsville from fthiscity where he was called by- thedeath of his aunt, Mrs. Jos. Lathram. Lee Price and Robt. L. Prankleft yesterday morning for NewYork to purchase spring and summer stocks of goods for their Parisstore.Mrs. Hannah Butler anddaughter, Misses Loraine Butler,will leave on January 17 for Daytona, Florida, to remain untilspring.Miss Kate Alexander attended ameeting held in Cincinnati thisweek of the agents and other representatives of the Central Union LifeInsurance Co.Mr. and Mrs. George Wilderand Mr. and Mrs. Wm. J. Walsh attended the reception given in Lexington Tuesday night by Mr. andMrs. Charles E. Long.William Collins and Walter S.Meng returned Wednesday from Indianapolis, where they attended themeeting of the Interstate SwineBreeders' Association.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson, thetalented vocalist of the Paris Preshyterian church, has gone to Rockmount, North Carolina, where shewill sing at a revival (meeting.Miss Stella Stephens has resumed her duties in the Paris HighSchool, after spending the holidaysin Mt. Sterling, with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Stephens.Mr. Charlton Clay was hostTuesday at his home, "Marchmont,"near this city, to the members ofhis houseparty, and those being entertained by Miss Carloyn Roseberry. Mrs. James W. Thompson andMrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, of Paris,attended the meeting of their bridgeclub held at the home of Mrs. Keeling G. Pulliman, Jr., in Lexington,Tuesday.R. F. Clendenin, of this city,delivered an address before the recent meeting of the Middle Atlantic and New England States Agencies of the Northwestern Mutual LifeInsurance Co., held in New YorkCity.The Tampa, Florida correspondence of The Courier-Journal hasthe following in its "Notes FrqniFlorida:" "Among the regularwinter visitors recently arriving inWauchula is Mrs. J. Henry Fuhrman, of Paris, Ky."Miss Lillian Soper has returnedto her home in Louisville, after avisit to Misses Mabel and RuthSoper, in this city. Miss Sue Boardman, who has. also been a guest ofthe Misses Soper, has returned toher duties at Patterson Hall, at theUniversity of Kentucky, in Lexington. Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr.Winston Hart, who is connectedwith an automobile firm in Paris, isa frequent visitor to the city. . . .Misses Mildred and Mabel Galloway,of Paris, were recent guests of MissMary Belle Dunnington, who, withher brother, Charles, left Mondayfor Los Angeles, Cali."Richmond Register: "Mrs. Jno.McGinley and Mrs. Clark, of Paris,Mrs. Dora Kash, of Paris, Mr. E. S.Elmore and Mr. G. E. Elmore, ofEedewalt, Tenn., and Mrs. FrankMilburn, of Norwood, O., came toRichmond, Monday, to attend theburial of the little child of Mr. andMrs. N. C. Elmore, of Paris, andwere guests of Mr. and Mrs. ReidJuett."-The members of the AssemblyClub of Frankfort, one of the bestknown social organizations of theState, are discussing plans for reorganizing to give a series of dancesduring thejmeeting of the KentuckyLegislature this season. The CapitalHotel had been the scene of thesedances, and when it was destroyedby fire, Frankfort was left without aball-room large tnough to accommodate the crowds.One of the delightfulevents of Monday was thegiven at her home in thissocialdinnercity byMiss Carolyn Roseberry, in compliment to the house guests of MissRoseberry and of Mr. CharltonClay. The guests present and enjoying the hospitality") of the daywere: Misses 'Anita Thomas andAnna Wallace, of Frankfort; Genevieve Molloy, Needa Rascoe, EdithCorhin and Mrs. Joseph Harding, ofLexington; Charles Veasey, of NewYork City; Charlton Clay, GerardCrommerlin, .Clay .-Ward, AlvlnThompson.. Pdris; W.' I. Lyons, ofLouisville; George Calhoun, ofFrankfort; Edward Stoll, and Wallace Muir, of Lexington; WilliamNelson Fant, of Flemingsburg. Themembers of the party attended thecotillon given at nignu tthe Ma-sonic Temple by .the Bourbon Cotillon Club.Mrs. Fred Wood is visitingfriends and relatives in Irvine.Mr. S. S. Brown, of Detroit,Michigan, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Henry Grosche.Miss Ruby Jane Houston entertained at the home of her sister,Mrs. Spears Moore, in honor of anumber of her young friends.Games and dancing were followedby a luncheon.THE NEWS has received aninteresting and newsy letter fromMr. Elezar Dailey, of Paris, who iswintering in Tampa, Fla. Owing toits length we have deferred its publication until another issue.Coroner Rudoplh D.avis left thismorning for Louisville, where hewill join a party of Louisville people en route to Memphis, Tenn.,where others will join them. Fromthere they will go to Southern Mississippi for a three-weeks' huntingtrip. While in Mississippi they willbe guests of Col. Strathmore, awealthy plantation owner. The partywill be furnished with a large packof deer' hounds, trained horses, andall the conveniences necessary tohave a thoroughly good time.Joseph P. Giltner, of Arvada,Colorado, is a guest of friends andrelatives in this city and county.Dr. Giltner left Paris fifteen yearsago and bought a large fruit ranchenear Arvada, on which he has metwith great success.The dance given at the Masonic Temple in this city Mondayevening by the Bourbon CotillonClub, was largely attended from thecity and county and surroundingtowns. The large ball room washeautifully decorated with Southernsmilax, the windows were draped inpink crepe paper, while the. lightswere softened by pink shades.Sandwiches and coffee were servedduring the intermission. Among theout-of-town guests for the danqewere: Misses Archange Howlaud,Ohio; Anita Thomas, Anne Malcolm, Frankfort; Anne Griffey, Versailles; Genevieve Malloy, Edith Corbin, Nida Roscoe and Mrs. CharlesVeasey, New York; Messrs. JohnMorrison, m Charleston, Va., RobertStoner, Mt. Sterling; W. L. Lyons,Louisville; Geo. Calhoun, PatrickCalhoun, Frankfort; Edward Stoll,Wallace Muir, Lexington.Mrs. Edith Myall Daniel, ofParis and Mrs. Dwight Watson, ofAnderson, Ohio, the latter a guest ofMrs. Virgil Gaitskill, were guests ofhonor at a luncheon-bridge given byMrs. Powell Bosworth, formerly ofParis, at her home in Lexington,Wednesday. Seventeen tables ofplayers from Paris and Lexingtonpartook of the delicious two-courseluncheon. Mrs. Bosworth was assisted in entertaining .by her mother,Mrs. W. R. Griffith, and her sister,Miss Nancy Griffith, of Paris. Theguest prize, iridescent tea glasses,was awarded to Mrs. Watson. Mrs. Daniels' guest prize wasa Mary Garden toilet set. The prizefor the highest score in the bridgegames, a pair of silk hose, wasawarded to Mrs. Fay Ardery. TheParis guests for the occasion were:Mesdames Edith Myall Daniel,Dwight Watson, Virgil Gaitskill,Edward Prichard, Amos Turney, Jr.,John F. Davis, Catherine DavisCraig, O. T. Hinton, Wade H. Whitley, .Fayette Ardery, Sidney Ardery,William B. Ardery, John Yerkes,Stanhope Wiedemann, Walter Kenney, White Varden, -Thos. Buckner,James Dodge, Misses Mary FithianHutchcraft, Belle Horton and Elizabeth Ejmbry."Wayside," the handsome country home of Mr. and Mrs. JesseTurney, on the Maysville-pike, nearParis, was the scene of a delightfulsocial gathering, Tuesday, whenMrs. Amos Turney, Jr., entertainedin compliment to Mrs. Edith MyallDaniel, whose marriage to Mr? Irvine Morse Keller, of New York,will occur in this city to-morrow. Ontheir arrival at the home the guestswere met by the hostess and madeat home. The guests were soon atwork with material which were supplied to them from a wagon drawnby little Oscar T. Hinton, Jr., whowas attired in a costume to represent one of the' Gold Dust Twins.Small tables were arranged in thespacious halls on which the luncheon was served the following guests;Mrs. Edith Myall Daniel, the honorguest; Mrs. E. F. Prichard, Mrs. Jno.F. Davis, Mrs. Robert Lee Frank,Mrs. Lewis Taylor, Mrs. VirgilGaitskill and her guest, Mrs. DwightWatson, of Anderson, Ohio, Mrs.Wade H. Whitley, Mrs. Milton C.Browning, Mrs. White Varden, Mrs.Oscar T. Hinton, Mrs. CatherineDavis Craig, Misses Elizabeth Jasper, Nancy Griffith and Mary Fithian Hutchcraft.(Other Personals on Page 3.) ."ARE YOU ONE OF THE FIVE?WILL YOU ACCEPT IT NOW?Areyou one of the five.See, display, add. of Bourbon Building & Loan Association on page 4 ofthis issue." Join now.LOSTBetween the Y. M. C. A. buildingand residence of Rev. W. E. Ellis, ablack leather mesh bag containing asum of money and several checkspayable to Mrs. C. B. McShane.Finder leave at this office and receive suitable reward. (9,-tf)Clearance!tAJwonderful value-giving sale of all merchandise in stock Coats, Suits, Dresses,Blouses, Furs, Millinery, Children's Dresses and Coats, Bath Robes, Etc., Etc.Ladies' CoatsLuxurios soft materials innew winter styles, beautifulfur trimmed models, are offered at greatly reducedprices.$198.00 reduced to.... $139.50175.00 reduced to.... 129.50159.00 reduced to.... 1119.50137.50 reduced to ... . 98.50125. 00 reduced to S7.5098.50 reduced to. . . . 79.5089.50 reduced to ... . 69.5075. 00 reduced to ... . 59.5065.00 reduced to.... 49.5059. 50 reduced to ... . 42.5049.50 reduced to.... 35.0035.00 reduced to.... 24.7539.50 reduced to. . . . 27.50Ladies' Silk and SatinDresses$62.50 now $49.5049.50 now 39.5039.50 now..: 27.5035.00 now 24.7525.00 now 19.7517.50 now 13.50Ladies7 Rain CoatsBelted and Straight Models.$12.50 now $ 9.9315.00 now 12.5019.75 now 14.7535.00 now 27.50HARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;THE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseChildren's Coats8 to 14 years and misses'sizes.$39.50 now $27.5035.00 now 24.7529.50- now 22.5025.00 now 19.7519.75 now 14.7517.50 now 13.5015.00 now 12.5012.50 now 9.98Children's SergeDressesStylish Models in Navy.$19.50 now $14.7517.50 now 13.5015.00 now 12.5012.50 now 9.989.98 now 7.98Fur Sets and Muffs$150.00 Sets $119.0085.00 Sets 62.5079.50 Pieces 59.5059.50 Pieces 45.0049.50 Pieces 37.5057.50 Pieces 42.5039.50 Pieces 27.50Misses' Dresses, Silk andSatin, at Greatly ReducedPrices.l Car? ylfWf KtMrs. HomeloVer!There's a charm and a comfort in a room withnice chairs; they make a room look "livable."We have a complete line of chairs, all kinds, allsizes and for every room. These chairs from reliablemakers, who put properly seasoned wood into them;they are strongly made, beautifully upholstered andhandsomely finished.For a chair, or any other piece of furniture, or arug, come to the store where you get the UP-QUALITYand the DOWN-PRIGE.IT. HIN ION 0.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach Undertaking!Ladies' SuitsNow is the time to select agood looking, stylish suit thatwill be good to use next fall.We are offering a choice selection. $129.50 now $89.5t89.50now 69.5i.75.00now 59.5065.00now 49.50 J49.50now 35.H39.50 now . 27.5iLadies' SkirtsIn Plaids, Plain Serge andSilk Poplin.$29.50 reduced to $24.7525.00 reduced to 21.5019.75 reduced to 14.7512. 50 reduced to 9.98Ladies' Serge Dresses$39.50 now $27.5029.50 now 22.5025.00 now 19.7522.50 now...- 17.50Fur Pieces and Muffs$35.00 now $27.5029.50 now 22.5025.00 now 19.7519.50 now 14.7512.50 now , 9.919.98 now . 7.98Main StreetParis, Ky.i'clnuf'i11,) n!w'TJlcm4'i ".ITTPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAT, JANtTART 9; 15201NERVOUSHi lBBKSs VvdKil 1 1I jfi?HSmBflM!jk?IHHwQBCCiBK&r7viamI withPROSTRATIONMrs. J. Christman Provedv That Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound is aRemedy for this Trouble.Binerhamton. N. Y. "Iwaninftwrvnervous condition for over a year, myT mina was gloomy,wuiu see no lignt onanythiner. could notwork and could nothave anyone to seeme. Doctor's medicine did not heln nwand Lvdia EL Rnk-h ant's Vegetableompound was re)mmended. I tookt and am nowell. I recom-lendittoallaffiint.i nervous nroatration " Mrs. J.Christman, 193 Oak Street Bingham-toil, .New i one.Hie success of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, made from rootsand herbs, is unparalleled. It may bewed with perfect confidence by womenwho suffer from nervous prostration,displacements; inflammation, ulceration, irregularities, periodic pains, backache, bearing-down feeling, flatulency,indigestion, and dizziness. Lydia B.Pinkham's Vegetable Conroound is thestandard remedy for female ills.If there are any complications aboutwhich you need advice write in confidence to Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass.Ancient Hygienic Rules.The Hindus hnd rules of hygiene, butpublic health appears always to havebeen unconsidered in China as it is today. They knew in antiquity the inoculation against smallpox and the importance of good water, some of theirwells .being 1.500 feet deep and veryold.AUTOS BEING REVENUE OFHALF MILLION TO STATE.That the automobile department isa revenue producer is evidenced bythe fact that more than one-halfmillion dollars was collected during1919 for motor vehicle licenses.During the year 80,861 pleasurecars, 9,086 commercial trucks, 1,501 motor cycles, 743 dealers and,7,000 chauffers paid licenses to theState, amounting to .$563,316.96.The total amount collected by theMotor Vehicle Department for 1918was $416,477.31.The new year in "the Motor Vehicle Department begins with Decern-:ber and already 2,000 applicationsfor 1920 licenses are on file in theoffice. Major T. "W. Woodyard, whotook charge of the Motor VehicleDepartment, wants the public toknow that all licenses must be renewed by the first of the year. AfterDecember 31 owners of cars cannotrun them with 1919 licenses and asthe new licenses must be secured inDecember, Major "Woodyard hopesthat owners of cars will not waituntil the last day to get them, forin that event the department willbe unable to handle the business.Samuel K. "Wright, who was temporarily in charge of the Motor Vehicle Department, will continue asassistant to Major Woodyard."lll'l''""l'fM"",,',-ii1 "CARRY ON"! ITAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redman Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760!If Constipated, "Biliousor Headachy, take"Cascarets" Imjmmj!UjMui&KmmMarcjolenSHOME IKILLCDMEATSFeel grand! Be efficient! Don'tstay sick, bilious, headachy, constipated. Remove the liver and bowelpoison which is keeping your headdizzy, your tongue coated, yourbreath bad and your stomach sour. "Vfhy not get asmall box of Cascarets and enjoytlie nicest, gentlest, laxative-catharticyou ever experienced? Cascaretsnever gripe, sicken or inconvenienceone like Salts, Oil, Calomel or harshpills. Cascarets bring sunshine tocloudy pninds and half-sick bodies.They work while you sleep.(adv)oBarren Palestine.There are practically no minerals,no coal, no iron, no copper, no silverin Palestine, though recently some oilwells have been discovered in the Jordan valley. Neither are there anylarge forests, though the land mayhave been better wooded in the days ofJoshua than now.SteaksVealRoastsLambNOME MADE SAUSAGEJFIsb on Fridays andSaturdaysMARGOLEN SSanitary Meat MarketwmmmmmwmmimmmtmTHE SANITARYPARLORRUSS CORBIN, Prop.What Barber Shop in Central Kentucky can boast of amore modern, sanitary andcomplete shop than we have?Four Barbers and Porter.Four White Enamel Chairs.Sanitary Hot Towel Sterilizer.Razor and Tool Sterilizer.Electric Massage and Hair Clipping Machine.Five White Enamel Wash Basins.(One for each chair.)Hot and Cold Baths.New Hat R ack8.NO LONG WAITS !EXPERT BARBERS-NO"CUBS""YOU ARE NEXT!"AW"CHUBBY STOUT" CORSETSThis style is especially designed to decrease the apparentsize and to lend the appearance of slenderness and heightto the stout figure. It reduces the flesh gently, not ty lacing,but by corrective molding. We feature sizes up to 46.Fitted by Graduate CorseiiercsEach corset is so expertly fitted that it gives freely withevery movement, yet holds the figure firmly whetherseated, standing or walking. Grace with absolute comfortis assured .at all times.Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attentionif you are unable to visit our shop use our Mail OrderService. Write tell us your needs. Fitting information,freely given. Send for Netf Style Folder.Parisian Corset Storecorner MCE and OPERA PLACE ononnatiNATURE GIVES THE FORM. PARISIAN THE FIGURE iQfSSimn'.imiimwuinuiiias-rum.nmiiMUBPHOENIX AUMSEMENT CO. ACQTJIEES LEXINGTON HOUSESAfter negotiations which have extended over several weeks, thePhoenix Amusement Company, owners of the Strand theatre, has obtained control of theBen Ali Theatre and the Lexington Opera Houseby purchase, for $350,000 from theBerryman Realty Company. Thisplaces under one organization thethree largest amusement houses inLexington, as well as nine othermotion picture theatres in surrounding Bluegrass towns.The new manager of the Ben Aliis Morgan W. Elliott, brother ofPresident Elliott. Harrison G.Scott, son of Charles Scott, who formany years managed the OperaHouse, is manager .of the theatrewhere stage shows are to he givenas formerly. F. B. Sparks will continue as manager of the Strand.Turner Gregg, conductor of thdBen Ali orchestra for several years,is to be in charge of the orchestra atthe Grand Opera House and AlapnoTheatre, in Paris, owned by thesame company. The orchestra atthe Strand, in Lexington, is to beincreased by the addition of severalmembers of the present Ben Ali orchestra, and a new orchestra will beengaged for that theatre.The Phoenix Ameusment Com-nanv. with John B. Elliott at the 1head and B. J. Tracey as secretarytreasurer, has been very successfulsince its organization several yearsago to purchase the Strand theatrefrom outside capital. It has extended its activities until it nowowns twelve theatres in the Bluegrass and is attempting to buy twomore. It now owns the Strand, BenAli and Lexington Opera House inLexington, three" houses in Winchester, two in Frankfort, two inRichmond. and two in Paris.Through acquiring the Lexingtonhouses the Phoenix ApneusementCompany has presentation rightsfor pictures produced by the following companies: Goldwyn, Paramount, Realart, World, Prisma Natural Color Pictures, Pathe, HaroldLloyd comedies, Mack Sennett comedies, Christie comedies and severalothers.o5&lkGET READY' FOR "FLU"Keep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free From 'Colds by Taking Calotabs,the Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe andSure.Physicians and Druggists are advising their friends to keep their systemspurified and their organs in perfectworking order as a protection againstthe return of influenza. They knowthat a clogged up system and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and seriouscomplications.To cut short a cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take oneCalotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No salts, no nausea,no griping,., no sickening after effects.Next morning your cold has vanished,your liver is active, your system is purified and refreshed and you are feelingfine with a hearty appetite' for breakfast. Eat what you please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundyour money if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)vfffcfta, .V S;aiZSA Uwry as?w. r : .'.' fc.NEW TREATMENT THATKNOCKS RHEUATISM75c BOX FREE TO ANY SUFFERERUp in Syracuse. N. Y., a treatmentfor rheumatism, has been found thathundreds of users say is a wonder,reporting cases that seem littleshort of miraculous. Just a fewtreatments even in the very worstcoses seem to accomplish , wonderseven after other remedies have failed entirely. It seems lo neutralizethe uric acid and lime salt deposits in the blood, driving all the poisonous clogging waste from the system. Soreness, pain, stiffness, swelling just seem to melt away ana vanish. The treatment first introduced byMr. Delano is so good that its ownerwants everybody that suffers fromrheumatism or who has a friend soafflicted, to get a free 75c packagefrcpn him to prove just what it willdo in every case before a penny isspent. Mr. Delano says: "To provethat the Delano treatment will positively overcome rheumaTism, nomatter how severe, stubborn or longstanding the case, and even after allother tieatments have failed, I will,if you have never previously usedtreatment, send you a full size 75cpacka'gc free if you will just cut outthis nr.tice and send it with yourname and address with 10c to helppay postage and distribution expenses to me personally." "F. H. Delano, 1398-A, GrffinSquare Bidg., Syracuse, N. Y. I cansend only one Free Package to anaddress. ' (adv-6-9-13)To End Wire "Singing."To prevent the "singing" of telephone or telegraph wire? passing overhouses, these are muted by putting' onthem small olive-shaped pieces of lead,or fitting corks on to them.HOWS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrnMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the . most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, exnelliner-thftJ poison frcpn the blood and healingtne diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill ' see a - great improvement inyour general health. Start takingHall's Catarrh Medicine at once andget rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-jan)A Crawling Fish.A Brazilian fish . called the malthacannot swim. It can only crawl orwalk or hop. It has a long, upturnedsnout and resembles a toad. The anterior fins of the maltha are quitesmall and are not able to act on thewater. They only move backward andforward and are in reality thin paws,which are of no service for swimming.oTHE BEST COUGH MEDICINE.When a druggist finds that hiscustomers all speak of a. certainpreparation, he forms a good opinionof it and, when in need of such amedicine is almost certain to use ithimself and in his family. This iswhy so ;many druggists use and recommend. Chamberlain's, CoughRemedy. J. B. Jones, a well knownlruggist of Cuburn, Ky., says, "Ihave used . Chamberlain's CoughRemedy in'jmy family for the pastseven years, and have found it to bethe best cough medicine I have everknown."(adv-jan)oOrigin of "The Fourth Estate." 'Burke". British statesman, gave totho press the designation "the fourthestate."AetnaAvtoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTBRIGHTEREVENINGSii3bgNti3rNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.ViseOiectrioitjTor Eiabtingft's the only satisfactory way.Vise Setsfor Seating and gookiitdIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.( Incorporated)ituiiiAfc?iiinfiiiiMis3iiigranHJMLI1HIDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone 101iadaa:sEaJmmHsl.-4MlWiM.-..gaa.iJxamKs-s-s-s-SKs.33 Coffee troublesVanishwhen the table drink :ischanged from coffee toPostum CerealIts rich flavor .makesit 'fully acceptable tothose who like coffeebut:find coffee doesntlike them.LThislhealihfuhtable'beveragehasnoi increased Jn priceAiXirocers and General StoresTwo SizesUsually sold at isandj25jMadelby Postum Cereal Co. Battle Cree1c,Mich.))))))))))))))))))))))))V'UlV)&mil W i C1 1lisPlI! tSfiviiLight In CrumbCrusader Milk Bread has a fine,light, flaky texture. The crust isbaked to a nice brown rrispness- the crumb Iswhite and Iriffy.Because o? ils lightness you can eat a lot of CrusaderMilk Bread and the more you eat of it the better itis for ycu, for it is extremely nutritious.CrusaderLARGE AND SMAZX LOAVESis made with rich milk, vhich imparts a creamy, toothsome Havor and makes every bite appetizing and relishable.For sale by betLer grocers.NATION AT RTrTTT-T mAT.iriviX v-vnrru:igvr--sg;J3Mk Bread?HPrompt Pay Promotes-Efficiencyf Commence the NEW YEAR by paying your billpromptly. fl Notv only 'doet this facilitate matters, but it meansbetter service to you no matter whether it is telephoneservice or any other service ' because the time consumedby employees in rounding up collections should be spentimproving the service for which the bill is made.Paris Home TelebbD6 TelegraphComany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatcli, District Han W. H. Caanoa, local ICaasftx.i -' , LsV"HRIDAY, JANUARYS, 1920.iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE SEVEN1Testimony of aKentucky WomanLouisville, Ky.: "Somo timo ago I wasjq a badly run-down condition. I had noenergy whatever, wunervous and lost myappetite. I knew lwas in need nftonic and decided totry Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, which hfclbeen recommendedfast txjttle helnedtd so' nmok tht IIh&4tkenWtaMKtHoottfr when I wmto Wth. X cUinlSnn?JuiMy to ftUaMraonkImador.'SpHRS. JErfflftiffpaBPwnuco St.y w WStomach TroubleIndjfitlwH Ntnrom Sleepless7Sf ?r!iK0rt B-: "For many yearfI sred with stomach trouble; my foodwould not aiewt, it would sour on myntoaach and gas wpuld form a&d cause meto be distrewed anH cramped until I wouldbo almost bent double with pain. I wasextremely nervous, could not eat or sleepand was nearipg a physioal wreck when Iwas advised to take Dr. Pierce's Golden.MMicai Discovery. It soon relieved me ofmy stomach trouble and built me up -inktftlth and I strength. 'Golden Medical Disoevory did wonders for me and I am gladio eiv it a recommend." MRS. MARIAJB. COX, 632 Kentuclcy Ave.There is but one way to have good health,'and that is to put' and keep your stomnch injjod order. This is easy to do if vou takeDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. Itis a wonderful tonic and blood purtfiei-, andis so safe to take, for it is made of roots andherbs. Dr. Pierce of Buffalo, N. Y., standsbehind this, standard medicine, and it isgood to know that so distinguished a phynician is proud to hava his name identifiedwith it.Thousand-Year-Old Mammals.Scientists say that an ordinarywhale lives to the age of five hundredyears, while some whales have beencaught whose appearance Indicatethey have lived as many as a thousandyears.SALEt .in" allDepartmentsBEGINSATONCETWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyJOHN WHITE & GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.tibral assortmentnd full value paidftFURSrawWife iitf! Skins(ji -13w)r iC fBKBmMMIIIMIIIItHWtHmHlHlWflfillltMThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourJ Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeralB)sW '&?&UlMORE RAIDS ON "BEDS" BY FEDERAL ASENIS.NEW YORK, Jan. 8. Sweepingraids against "Reds" by Federalagents, which netted almost 700prisoners last Friday night, were resumed at 7:30 Monday night when10 large automobiles and two armytransport wagons left local headquarters of the Department of Justice toround up Communists and other sedition mpngers who escaped the firstdragnet.With the arrest on a deportationwarrant of Gregory Weinstein, "chiefof staff" for Ludwig C. A. Martens,Soviet Russia's "Ambassador," department officials announced theywere hunting big game in their effort to rid the 'country of the mostdangerous alien Anarchists plottingthe overthrow of the Government byviolence.Rated as Trotzky's "best friend"here and a co-worker with him on theRussian language radical newspaper,Novy Mir, Weinstein's position inthe soviet bureau ranked virtuallyon a par with Martens', it was stated.His duties as "Chancellor" gave tohim control of-money and propaganda distributed equaled only by thatof Martens, and his activities weregreater, it was declared.Victor Wolodin, former managerof the Novy Mir, and said to havebeen another co-worker with Trotzky, was swept into the Goverment'sdragnet, and sent to Ellis Island in$he wake of Weinstein. Neither ofthe two men would talk, each standing on his right to maintain silenceuntil he could obtain counsel.Department of Justice agents saidthey would work until the last deportation warrant they had wasserved. Relief from congestion onEllis Island, flooded with foreignradicals since the raids Friday night,was promised in the- reportedoffer by the War Department tomake available Camp Upton, LongIsland, as a concentration camp.Attempts to obtain release fromEllis Island of a number of the 'radicals held there started Monday,when attorneys began applying forwrits of habeas corpus in their behalf. The joint legislative committee investigating seditious activities in NewYork descended again Monday on theforeign-language radical press, including the Novy Mir, CommunistWorld, Elmore and Rabitnik, to seizeexerything in the way of evidenceoverlooked in raids Saturday night.In all instances the safes wereopened and their content taken forexamination. At the Rabitnik officecommittee agents had to drill theirway into the safe to reach its contents. Supreme Court Justice Davis Monday night declared Dr. Michael Misleg, Treasurer of Novy Mir, to be incontempt of the committee for hav-ing refused to' answer questions.Dr. Misleg also was Treasurer ofthe Russian Socialist Federation until) his examination by the committee.This federation was engaged inspreading members throughout ''thecountry, Dr. Misleg admitted.DR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drug Store.Ky.Day phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 286purposes only.j the oLO-smry- the kryptokNiItUWHMVOLA-TONICWSALE IN THIS GITYVarden & Son Lands the AgencyHere For x the "Builder OfStrength" That Is InSuch Big Demand .,"EverywhereVola-Tonic, Builder of Strength,"can now be obtained right here inParis.Varden & Son, local druggists,have been appointed agent for VolaTonic here and a big supply of the"Builder of Strength" has beenshipped to bis drug store where itcan now be obtained by the localpublic.Vola-Tonic is the "Builder ofStrength" that recently created sucha sensation at- Cincinnati. Thejmedicine had scarcely been distributed to drug stores over the citywhen many men and women started applying for Vola-Tonic. In tendays such a demand for Vola-Tonichad been created that druggistsstood amazed and now the "Builderof Strength" is being sold in Cincinnati at a remarkable rate.This quick demand that hashas grown to such huge proportionsis due, first, to the absolute need ofthousands of men and women for astrengthening medicine right at thistime; second, to the real merit ofVola-Tonic as a "Builder ofStrength."Thousands of men and wopnen areto-day ailing and run down. This isthe result of the long period of worry that started with the war and hasnot yet ended; to the unusually fastand strainful life of the modernday; and to the epidemic of influenza which left weakness everywhere. These things hurt the healthand strength of thousands who arenow in real need of a strengtheningmedicine.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"brings a good appetite, good digestion, good blood and good nerves.VolarTonic cleanses the bowels andintestines of foul waste matter andhelps the stomach take strengthening nutrition fropn food. It buildsup rich, red blood to carry this nutrition to every weakened organ andbroken down tissue of the body,thus rebuilding and strengthening.Vola-Tonic also soothes the nervesand permits sound, energy-restoringsleep at night. As a result, fullnormal strength and health soonreturns to the former weakened, rundown man or woman.Just as big a demand for VolaTonic is expected here as came inCincinnati and all the Other citiesand towns' over this section wherethe "Builder of Strength" has already been introduced. For thatreason a big supply has been shipped here to Varden & Son, where itcan now be obtained by the public.(adv)oSTATE TAX COMMISSION CHECKING INTANGIBLE PROPERTYThe intangible property consisting of stocks and bonds that havebeen listed with county tax commissioners Is being checked by the StateTax Commission for final assessment. Owners listing such propertyare required to give in the face valueand actual value of the siocks andbonds. One county reporting to theComjmission listed the face value ofbonds at $60,000 and the actualvalue at $25,000."O-.. .nvVw?ri v cf 41?a nines nf rTTkT-fty last year the Tax Commissionincrease the valuation of the stockapproximately $1,000,000.oWITNESS AFTER WITNESSIn Paris Such Evidence Our Readers Cannot Dispute.As we take up THE NEWS weekby week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness after witness speaks, out asMr. Rankin does here. If thesepeople were strangers living , milesaway, we might take little notice ofthem. But they are not. They areour neighbors, living among us.mi,;. ,ni-il ic fnn ontilv nrovenA 1111 " '-'' i.---- ito admit or any uuuol. auc ojjcaout in the hope that their experiencemay be a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pillsoff and on for -years and have beengreatly benefitted by them. Attimes I have suffered severely withkidney complaint. My back oftenpained and was lame most all thetime. The kidney secretions wereto frequent in passage and greatlyannoyed me. Whenever I have beenthis way, I have always found thata box of Doan's Kidney Pills hasnever failed to cure me of the attack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo.", Mfrs., Buffalo, ls Y. (adv)- u-Heart Disease.I hear of a man who fussed GO yearsabout having hejart disOMe. Lnloiy liea,iii "Aflor all. Til be cursed if Indon't believe I will fmhlly die of something else," E. W. Howe'.s Monthly.WESTERN UNION TO GRANT INCREASES OF $5,000,000Thirty-two thousand employes ofthe Western Union Telegraph andTelephone Company will receive salary increases, amounting to S 5,0 00,000 on January 1, it was announcedEmployes who have been in theservice more than one year will receive a 15 per cent, increase; andthose who have been in the servicemore than six months but less thana year, will receive a 10 per cent,increase.Only employes earning less than?250 a month are affected, . ,oDON'T YOU FORGET IT,Bear in mind that Chajmberlain'sTablets not only move the bowelsbut improve- the appetite andstrengthen the digestion. They contain no pepsin or other digestiveferment but strengthen the stomachand enable it to perform its func-.tions naturally.(adv-jan)j. Wedding Superstitions. 'The superstition that it is bad luckto get married on a rainy day comesfrom the old saying, "Happy is thebride that the sun shines on." Thereis anotner . oici superstition that"snowy wedding prophesies wealth.'aA SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.51, $30Worth much more. . Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOIXSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetEDW. BURKE, President H. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres. JNO. T. COLLINS, Man agcrBOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Tobacco Received Any Time3 Big, Light, Roomy Warehouses-3II The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company has sold forthe season to date 1,394,575 pounds of tobacco for$804,470.01, an average of $57.68. Every basket soldincluded a very substantial lead over the Paris market.Cf We have demonstrated our ability to sell your tobaccofor the highest dollar. We have stood by the growersin keeping down the selling fees. Won't it pay you to"? make an effort to get in?JIT Stand by the people who have stood by you and who sellyour tobacco for its full market value.&Dcl.JLA. B. HANCOCKC. M. CLAY, JH.JAMES CALDWELL,ship this bundle to SHUBERT iorThe Highest Prices Ever KnownThat's What You'll Get from "SHUBERT"WE WANT 'EM NOW AND WILL PAY THE PRICE TO GET 'IfN?l EXTRA LARGEEXTRA TO AVERAGEN?l LARGEIXTRA TO AVERAGEHUSKRATWinter I 6.00 to 5.00 1 4.75 to 3.75 1 3.50 lo 2.751 2.50 to 1.751 2.50 to 150Fall . j 4.50 to 175 1 3.50 to 2.75 1 2.50 to 2.09 j 1.75 to 150 1 1.75 to 125MINKFine, Dark 1 22.00 to 18.00 1 16.00 to 13.C0 1 11.00 to 9.001 8.00 to 6.50 1 8.00 to 4 SOUsual Color 15.00 to 12.00 11.00 to 9.00 8.00 to 6.50 6.00 to 5.00 6.00 Io 3.00Pale 11.00 to 9.00 8.C0tQ 7.00 1 6.00 to 5.00 1 4.50 to 4.00 4.5910 2.50RACCOONBlaTk 18.00 to 14.00 1 12.00 to 10.00 1 9.00 to 8.00 1 7.50 to 6.50 7.G0 to 4.00Heavy Furred 12.00 tc 10.00 9.00 to 8.00 7.00 to 6.00 5.00 to 4i0 5.00 to 3.50Ordinary 9.00 to 8.00 7.00 to 6.00 5.00 to 4.50 4.00 to 3.50 4.00 tt 3.00These extremely high prices for Kentucky Furs are based on thewell-known "SHUBERT" liberal grading and are quoted for immediate shipment. No. 3, No. 4 and otherwise inferior skins at highestmarket value. Ship your Furs now when we want 'em. You'll get"more money" and get it "quicker" too."SHUBERT" RETURNS WILL MAKE YOU HAPPYSHIP TODAY-AND KEEP 'EM COMING FASTMIBWwKWBffiliSMHKSoglaWWraBBBlThe News Job Department is Always Busy"Ther e's a Reason." Work Done iRight(Incorporated)HISD-AILY(EXCEPT SATURDAY)DIRECTORSA. L. STEPHENSONH. S. CAYWOODED. BURKESAM CLAYW. M. ROGERSC. D. WILS0NNN?J MEDIUM NSI SMALLIEXT9A TO AVERAGE EXTRA TO AVERAGEM?2A3 TO SIZE S QlMUTY'!25!101 7I-7JS. R. BURRISTOM BROCKJNO. T. COLLINSin.F1iiII!'14:J!r.1'i'SIHjrI j.XH1;rI?K-niimii.Mni 4' f - ,r FACE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1020.THF Al AkIA Akin D&DI6 ADAkin I! A A'.. Adults 27c plus 3c wr tax 30cGRAND OPERA HOUSE. 0NENIGHT ONLYI I L rLrl IV "klM p iVlv Vlw" II JtXUlttldwlUU.Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 30cAlamo Afternoon and EveningTODAY, FRIDAYThos. Ince PresentsDOROf HY DALTONin "The Market of Souls"AlsoPEARL WHITE in 'The Black Secret'Alamo Afternoon Grand at NightTomorrow, SaturdayROBERT WARWICKin "Told in the Hills"One of the most popular novels madeinto one of the finest p.ctures ever screenedJAMES J. CORBETTin "The Midnight Man"and Comedy, "All at Sea"Alamo Afternoon and EveningMonday, Jan. 1 2thDUSTIN FARNUMINFRIDAY, JAIN. 9"The Light of Western Stars"Could a girl love a man who forcedher to marry him? See this picture.COMEDY, "HIS OWN MEDICINE"and Burton Holmes Travel Picture.and Mutt and Jeff Comedy"Oh, Teacher"HearThemPlay PERSON MUSICAL FIVE II Hear Them Sing: - aitry'MondayTuesdayWednesdayGRAND OPERA HOUSEMondayTuesdayWednesdayThree Nights, commencing Monday, Jan. 1 2Return Engagement of Orth and Coleman'sTIP TOP MERRY MAKERSNew Plays, New Songs, New DancesYouth, Beauty, Fun and MusicPRICES-25, 35 AND 50 CENTS AND WAR TAXDEATHS.ELMORE.The body of Ada Josephine Elmpre, two-year-oid daughter of Mr.and Mrs. N. C. Elmore, who died atthe hqme of her parents, on Cypressstreet, was taken to Richmond,Tuesday for burial. Short servicesTvere hold at the family residence.. WHITE.John D. White, of Barboursville, forpier Congressman of theEleventh Kentucky district, and.member of the famous White familyof Clay county, died suddenly atGerrard, as he stepped faom thetrain Tuesday night. Thirty yearsago he was one of the State's leadingpoliticians.SPANN TARR.Mrs. Win Tarr received newsMonday of the marriage of her son,Wm. O. Tarr, foipnerly of Paris, toMiss Jessie Spann, of Dallas, Texas.The wedding took place Sunday afternoon at five o'clock, in the Presbyterian manse at Dallas, by thepastor, Rev. W. M. Anderson.Mr. Tarr is a prominent civil engineer in Dallas. His bride is ahandsome and attractive young woman. Mr. and Mrs. Tarr will go to'housekeeping in Dallas.death came quite unexpectedly.She had returned a few days agofrom a trip to the West for the benefit of her health, and was thoughtto have been much improved froman illness following an attack of influenza last winter.Mrs. Moore is survived by her husband, Snell Moore, her mother, Mrs.John Doty, and one sister, MissKatherine Ewalt, of Shawhan.Mrs. Moore was the daughter ofthe late Ed. Ewalt, of Shawhan, andwas a lovely woman of beautifulChristian character and was beloved by all who knew her. She was aniece of Mrs. A. T. Crawford, formerly of Paris, now of Louisville,and had a large circle of friends inthis cily who will he grieved tobear of her sudden death.Short services were held at thefamily residence in Lexingtonthis morning, and the body wasbrought to Paris, the funeral cortegeleaving the home at ten o'clock inmotor cars. The funeral was held ateleven o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the ParisCejmetery.RELIGIOUS.A...-....:iELECT NEW OFFICIALSKELLER.REYNOLDS.' The funeral of Mrs. ParmeliaReynolds, aged eighty-four, whodied at the home of her daughter,.Mrs. Lida Haggin, in Winchesterafter a long illness, was held Monday, followed by internment in theNorth Middletown Cemetery.Mrs. Reynolds was the widow ofRev. L, A. Reynolds, of North Middletown, one of the pioneer ministers of the Christian church in thissection, and for many years incharge of the pastorate of thechurch at North Middletown. Sincethe death of her husband she hadresided with her daughters in Winchester. Mrs. Reynolds is survived by her-daughters, Mrs. Lida Haggin andMrs. Millie Hughes, both of Winchester, and one son, Isaac Reynolds,formerly of this county, now residing near Columbia, Tenn.WEATHERS.v Miss Anna Jane Weathers, agedeighty-eight, died at tha home ofher son, Mr. S. Letcher Weathers,near Clintonville, Wednesday nighr,from the infirmities of age. Mrs.Weathers had been an invalid forsome time, and her death was notunexpected.Mrs. Weathers was the wTidow ofGranville Weathers, a prominent.farjmer of tfie Clintonville vicinty,"who died in 1883, and was a daugh-ter of Thomas and Anna Fry Scott,pioneer residents of Bourboncounty.Mrs. Weathers is survived by twosons, S. Letcher Weathers, of Clintonville, and H. Clay Weathers, ofCovington, and several grandchildren. The funeral will be held at teno'clock this (Friday) morning, withservices conducted at the gravesidein the Clintonville Cemetery, byRev. T. S, Sniylie. pastor of theParis Presbyterian church. The pall-" bearers will be her grandsons, Saim-' uel, Jefferson; Thomas, Claude, Rob-crt and Heniy Weathers.Friends in this city heard withgenuine regret of the death at hishome in Carlisle, Tuesday, of Mr.Stanley Keller, youngest son of thelate Hon. Green R. Keller. Mr. Keller had been ill for some months,and while his death was not unexpected, it came as a shock to hisfriends and relatives.Mr. Keller was a native of Paris,having been born in this city about45 years ago. His parents were! at that time residing on Vine street.in the home now occupied by Mr.and Mrs. Forrest Thomas. He attended the Paris public schools until the family (moved to Carlisle.His father, Mr. Green R. Keller, wasI in his day a distinguished memberof the newspaper fraternity, "publishing The Saturday Night, a weekly paper, in this city, and conducting a job printing establishment oniMain street. He represented Bour-mon county two tennis in the Kentucky Legislature. The family moved to Carlisle, where Mr. G. R. Keller purchased and conducted theCarlisle Mercury until his death,when he was succeeded by his son.Mr. Stanley Keller. After conducting The Mercury a number ofyears Mr. Keller disposed of the pa, per to its present owner, Mr. Worsen Fisher, and moved with hisfamily to Lexington, where he wasconnected with the Internal Revenue service. He was the last of thefamily, his parents, and one brother.Dr. Hervey Keller, Of Frankfort.having preceded him to the graveseveral years ago.I He is survived by his widofr. formerly Miss Edna Potts, of Carlisle,one son, Henry Keller, and onedaughter. Miss Annie Keller. Thefuneral was held yesterday afternoon at two o'clock at the home inCarlisle, followed by burial on thefamily lot in the Carlisle Cenietery.The fli st week in January is always set apart as a week of prayerin the Protestant churches. Thegeneral theme is "An AwakenedChurch." Next Sunday the subjectsin the3 churches of Paris will be:Morning, at 10:45, "The ChurchAwakened By the Need for GreaterEfficiency;" night. 7:30, "TheChurch Awakened By the Rediscovery of the Reality and Power ofPrayer."The Male Chorus of the Christian church will give a recital inthe church auditorium Tuesdaynight, at 7:30 o'clock. The menhave prepared a fine program forthis recital, and all who like goodmusic should stand. There will beno offering taken. The Treble ClefClub of the same church will givea recital in the church next Friday,which all friends of the Club are inTvited to attend.The Nonh Middletown Commercial Club gave a banquet in the Masonic Hall, at that place, at whichplans for the new year were formulated. Addresses were made by ainumber of local speakers, fh whichthe importance of continuing development work during 1920 formedthe principal theme.Community interests and the Redpath Chautauqua engagement fornext summer were discussed, andplans for the furtherance of theClub's active work along businesslines were considered. The Club recently elected the following new officers: President, Rev. Frank M.Tinder; vice-president, William Collins; secretary - treasurer, FrankSledd.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.Sunday, January 11 Sundayschool, 9:30 a. m.; Men's and ladies'Bible class, 9:30 a. m.; sermon bypastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie, 11-00 am. Subject, "NOT by Might Norby Power, BUT "; Christian Endeavor, 6:15 p. jm.; sermon, 7:15p. m., by Rev. Smylie, subject, "isThere Vny Need In A BusinessMan's Life For Religion.?"Our idea of nothing would be tocapture a Mexican bandit and holdhim for ransom.Featuring Alice Sher and Myrtle Deoyand a Singing and Dancing Chorus of20 Pretty GirlsSEE THEBEVO CURESEEThat'sMyHorsePrices $1 .50-$l .00-75c-50c-35c-25cPlus War Tax Scats Now on SaleA COMPANY OF35PEOPLE35CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR... (9:30 a. m. Bible"a. m. Morningm. EveningMale Chorusm. Womans'Male ChorusJ oi vMATRIMONIAL. ;MOORE.Mrs. Bessie Lee Moore, a formerresident of this county, died at herhome 274 Kentucky avenue, in Lexington, at nine oVlook. Wednesday' learning) after a; short 'illness.' HerRYAN BISHOP.Invitations have been receivedby Paris friends to the wedding ofMiss Ida Mae Ryan, of near Millershurg, and Mr. Earl Bishop, of Carlisle. The wedding will be solemnized at nine o'clock on the morningof January 14, in the Catholicchurch at Carlisle. The bride-eiectis a -daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Ryan, of near Millersburg.The. prospective groom is a youngbusiness man "of Carlisle. uSunday,School.Sunday, 10:45Worship.Sunday, 230 p.Worship.Monday. 7:00 p. m.Rehearsal.Tuesday, 2:30 p.Society.Tuesday, 7:30 p. m.Concert.Wednesday, 2:30 p. m. TrebleClef Club.Wednesday, 7:00 p. on. PrayerMeeting.Friday, 7:30 p. m. Treble ClefRecital.oDISTRICT MEETING PLANT ANDEQUIPMENT MEN.A meeting of the plant and equipment men for the Eastern disfiict ofthe Central Home Telephone & Telegraph Company will be held in theoffices of the Paris Hqme TelephoneCo. to-day. Friday, January 9. Thsbusiness meeting will be followedl.y a banquet at the Hotel Windsor.The following towns in the district will be represented: Louisas ille, Paris, Frankfort, Owen ton,Lawrenceburg, Cynthiana, Carlisle,Maysville, Millersburg and Mayslick. The general purpose of themeeting is to meet one another personally in a business and social way,and lo discuss plans and promoteefficiency in this department for thenew year.Circular letters were sent outWednesday to all the plant andequipment smen in the district byMr. J. J. Veatch", of Paris. DistrictManager, urging them to attendthe meeting.-ADMINISTRATORS QUALIFY.In the County Court Miss Anna C.Hinton qualified as executrix of theestate of her husband, the late Wm.W. Hinton, in the penal sum of?10,00D, the will dispensing wffhbond.Mrs. Bettie Myers qualified as administratrix of the estate of her deceased husband, Elmer Myers, byfurnishing bond -in the su;m ol $10,000, with H. L. Myers and J..0.Ralls as sureties. ,tSATURDAYSHOE BARGAINSNewest Styles High Grade Footwear at Economy PricesShop todry at this store and save bigmoney. We are selling hoes at consid-able less than wholesale cost.i jifa.nuxruw RjsuiflcotTX WO W6.LAftC orValues Extraordinary This Week !Ladies' $7.00 Dark Brown KidLace Boots, high heels, eithercloth or leather tops, also GunMetal English Lace Boots,Special, $4.99' .Ladies's 8.00 and $9.00 DarkBrown and Glazed Kid in BlackLace Boots, high heels,Special, $599Ladies' and Growing Girls' English Lace Boots, in kid and gunmetal, $6.00 values,Special, $3.99wr-t 1illTRADE HAJKREG.US.PAT.Off.Misses' and Children's $3.50 GunMetal Shoes, all sizes 9 to 2,Special, $2.49Misses' and Children's Kii anilGun Metal English Lace Boots,Special, $3.49Ladies' $2.00 Felt Fur-TrimmedSlippers, leather solesSpecial, $1.49Children's $2.00 Kid and PatentShoes, sizes 4 to 8,Special, $1.49Men's Fine Gun Metal Dress Shoes,English style, $7.00 values,Special . . ...$4.95Men's $4.00 Work Shoes, tan andblack calf, double soles,Special$2.99Rubber FootwearA BIG SAVING ONEVERY,, PAIRDAN COHENParis1 Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reignui rII.SS:-JJ'. IJ2- s-.