'vrJ5tf-Ju4 . ;,(,. 1" NTHENEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN TKE YEAR.iVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1920BOURBONJEW OF CONGREGATION ATTEND CHURCH BANQUETOne of the most enjoyable affairsin church circles was the banquet atte Christian church, in this city,siveu in the church parlors Fridaynight for the men of the congregation. Tables were spread in bothihe large dining rooms and thechurch parlors, covers being laid fortwo hundred "guests. Every seatas taken. The rooms were beautifully decorated with jonquils, tulips and japonicas, evincing thework of women's hands in their artistic arrangement. The luncheonwas prepared and served by members of the YoungJe Woman's Mission Circle of the church.After the tempting viands hadbeen disposed of by the large crowdpresent the guests were assembledin the smallei audience room, wTherea varied program was given. Theopening number was a song, "APretty Girl Is Like A Melody," rendered by James W. Thompson. Thisft as followed by a topical song rendered by Augustus Owens, of Lexington. The feature of the evening3js a mock court trial, m which. Ed.T. Hinton was arraigned before theourt, composed of "Judge" W. V.Shaw' "Clerk of Court" Frank P.Iviser, "Sheriff" Joe B. Smith, and"Prosecuting Attorney" Clay Sutherland, on a chage of breaking theSabbath. Charles P. Cook was alsoarraigned before the Court on acharge of obtaining a sick benefit ina local insurance agency underialse pretenses. The "prisoners"vere represented by Albert Hintonand Harry E. Matters, resulting inthe.r conviction.oh5avy rain and hail stormYesterday.A heavy rain and hailstorm, whichfor a time, threatened to have serious consequences, visited this section yesterday morning. For aboutan hour the hail fell in large quantities, the ground being as white asif a snowstorm had passed along.The hailstones were not as large asbaseballs, nor yet as large as marbles, but they were of a fairly respectable s'ze, and the way theypelted down reminded one of thebig hail storm in May, 1910, said tohave been the heaviest that evervisited Bourbon county. Reportsfrom the county precincts yesterday indicated very little damagedone, except to tobacco beds, which,in many instances, were stripped ofcanvass by the pelting hailstones.oPLANNING ANNUAL REUNION.The Alumni Association of theParis High School is planning forthe annual reunion and banquet tobe held in June. Many of the former graduates living out of theState are expected to be here to attend the event, which is always amost enjoyable one.1II '.FRANK&CO.' LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRING" SHOWINGS'' ' :Polo Coats '! SuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaistsjj' Plain" and Fancy SkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS. ,AHOY, THERE, THE OVERALLSBRIGADE.Gingham and overalls,, instead ofsilks, satins and broadcloth, may become fashionable attire for Parismen and women, if the high cost ofclothing does not come down soon.An overalls club was formed inBirmingham recently with a membership of about 2,000. The merchants there retaliated by raisingthe price of overalls from $2 to $6.Those backing the movement declare a strong sentiment exists infavor of fighting the high cost ofliving by wearing cheap clothing.Locally the overalls movementhas not assumed a very large phase,but there is every probability thatour citizens will swing in line tofight the high cost of clothing. Thefirst one in the city to brave theordeal was Sherman Stivers, agentand correspondent for the LexingtonHerald, whose appearance on thestreet, clad in overalls and blouse ofblue denim, was the signal for muchgood-natured bantering on the paitof his friends. But undismayed,and fletermined""to 'tand the gaff"in the interest of the lower cost ofclothing, Stivers persists in his newventuie, which is likely to be followed in lapid succession by manyothers.BIG AEMY PLANES ON VISIT TOPARIS-Look at the sirplanes goingover!" This startled exclamation,bursting upon the ears of Paris people yesterday afternoon, startedthem to craning their necks in aneffort to catch a glimpse of theaerial visitors.The planes, which are in Parisfor the purpose of stimulatinginterest in the aviation service, andincidentally make flights, with pasengers at $10 per flight, are incharge of Capt. Archibald Johnsonand Sergt. E. J. Bohannon, andLieut. J. C. Hall arid Sergt. ArthurEdgemann. After making a flightover the city the planes landed onthe Brobphy farm, on the NorthMiddletown pike, where they willbe to-day and to-morrow, for thepurpose of carrying passengers onflights, the weather' permitting.Capt. Johnston in one of the mostnoted of the world-war aces, andwas member of the famous Lafaletteescadrille for two years during th2war, being -jautomatically transferred to the American army afterward.Sergt. Bohannon is his mechanician.The flier is in charge of Lieut.Hall, another noted aviator, whgholds a record for distinguished service in the Canadian Flying Corps.He was the first U. S. airman . tomake the flight across the Everglades in Florida. Sergt. Edgeman js with him. After leavingParis the aviators will return tcPittsburg, -where they have aviationheadquarters. The people of Parisere cordially invited to pay a visitof inspection to the machines.jr rjm vMEMBERSHIP DRIVE BOURBONFARM FEDERATION BUREAUMR. FARMER:Do you want more for what youproduce on your farm than thatwhich you now receive? The answeris YES. No big corporation ever organized to do business in our Stateexcept by organization. Do vouthink you can realize more for whatyou produce on your farm by not organizing? The answer is NO. Well,why not enlist your name with theother 125 farmers whose names appear below, and help organize Bourbon county into a Farm FederationBureau? It will mean protecting theinterests of Bourbon county farmers, and you will receive moremoney for your wheat, corn, oats,hay, hogs, cattle, hemp, lambs, tobacco, etc. Why? Because you willleceive daily information throughyour local headquarters from theNational Bureau, advising you whatthe farmers are getting for theirproducts in Illinois, Iowa, Missouriand other great farming States, andyous"wu.li be as well-posted as theman who desires to buy yours. Inunity there is strength.How can you get a fair, legitimateprofit above actual cost of production except by co-operation? It hasno tendency to drive anyone outof business. It wants for its membership, composed of farmers andtenants, a fair and legitimate profifabove cost of production nothingless nor nothing more.Is that fair? Yes. Do you everread in the press where the farmers of America have ordered astrike, which causes hunger anustagnation of big business? No. Hesits at home and feeds the world.Do you propose to continue in theold rut, or will you aid yourselvesby becoming one of a great organization, which is organized for yourbenefit solery?The Bourbon county drive "for alaiger membership will beginThursday and end Saturday. Whenthe canvasser calls on you, join in,and it will prove a real blessing toyou. fhe points below are self-explanatory.Read them carefully, asfollows:1. A bureau of transportationwhich will look into transportationmatters by both rail and water, tothe end that we may secure rates onfarm products which shall be fair ascompared with rates on other commodities and which shall give to thpfarmers of the United States oceanrates which will enable him to compete on a fair basis with the farmers of other nations of the world.2. A bureau of trade relationswhich shall investigate our dealingswith foreign countries to the endthat the interests of agriculturemay be promoted.3. A bureau of distributionwhich shall make a thorough studyof the distribution of farm products.4. A bureau of statistics whichshall inquire into world conditionswhich influence supply and demandand which shall especially studythe mechanics of prices.5. A legislative bureau whichshall have to do with the mattersof national legislation which affectfarming and farmeis. h6. A bureau of co-operationwhich will make a special study ofco-operative methods which 'havebeen found to be successful bothhere and in other countries andwhich shall draw up standard formsfor co-operative enterprises of various kinds and aid State Federationsto promote local co-operative enterprises thorough, safe and truly cooperative lines.G. S. Allen,J. M. Alverson,R. M. Gilkey,W. F. Saunders,T. L. Marshall,Robert Meteer,B. P. Wagoner, 9 ,Charlton Ball,Jas. T. Jefferson,J. P. Redmon, Sr.J. P. Rfcdmon, Jr.,W. D. Mclntyre, vVirgil Gaitskill,James Woodford,A. S. Thompson,G. Whaley,N. Mason,Luther Rice,N. H. Piper,J. Connell,Dr. Gilkey, ,H. Tau I,Rojr Batter ton,John Sauer, x ,Robert Ferguson, .Dr. M. H. Dailey,J. M. Ward, . ,Clay Ward,W. F. TattleVol Ferguson,C. Kenney,C. Wright,Logan Bryant,E. Darnaby,Doug. Clay,John T. Collins,John W. Jones,F. M. Tinder,Henry Judy,Dave Parrish,Frank Collins,W. W. Kenney,H. S. Caywood,A. L. Stephenson,1 W. G. McClintock,Walter S. Meng, i-G. K. Redmon,Tollie Young,S. P, Harding,James L. Dodge,John Woodford,J. W. Bell,Reynolds Letton,F. S. Dalzell,Sam Weathers,J. G. Rogers,AVm. McCray & Son,J. Frank-Clay,Isaac Willmott,J. W. Young, Sr.v-8r'?-BOURBON MADE GREATACTIVITY RECORDWARWhile in Paris a few days ago, enute to his home, at Spring Station.Woodford county, from a huaitieroutein Woodford counts', from a businesstrip to New York, Mr. Wm. Simms,formerly of Paris, told of being inWashington, where-ie met a number of Government officials. Duringthev war Mr. Simms was FederalFood Administrator for this district,duties 'of that position bringing himin contact with many high officialsof the Goernment in the war activities. Mr. Simms said that on one occasion he was speaking in the presence of a number of officials of thepart Kentucky played in the waractivities. One of the officials turned to him, and asked what part ofthe State he was from. Upon beingtold that he wa3 a native of Bourbon county, and proud of it, theofficial said to him: "Well, Mr.Simms, you certainly ought to be.That native county of yours down inKentucky made a fine record in waractivities and we have often discussed it here. Bourbon countystood in the first rank in all the activities of the war in which the RedCioss, the Knights of Columbus,the Jewish organizations, the Salvation Army, the Y. M. C. A., and allfU. l.J 3 J : i! J!J . .oiner Kin area organizations aid sonobly. Your county was among thefirst ,over the top' in all of them,and when the results were coming inin the new drives, my chief clerkwould say, 'Well, we won't be longin hearing from Bourbon county,Kentucky. There is surely some patriotic community.' " Mr. Simmsstated to his .hearers that he hadnever felt prouder of good old Bourbon county than when hearing thispraise of her citizens from the headsof the most important bureaus inWashington. He said It made himfeel that the people of the countyought to know of the high ratingthey had obtained, and what thucountry thought of their patriotism.oINTER-CHURCH WORLD MOVEMENT CONFERENCE IN PARIS.-o-One of the sixteen districtcon-ferences of the Inter-church WorldMovement to be held in Kentuckywill be held in Paris on Thursdayand Friday, April 22 and 23. Theaim of these conferences is to bringbefore the people the plans and purposes of this movement. The outstanding leaders of the various denainafeions in Kentucky will be onthe programs.The Conference to be held in Parisis being looked forward to with agreat deal of interest, as a numberof visiting ministers and laymen ofthe various Protestant denominations are expected and will deliveraddresses. The following are theteam members: Rev. W. W. Cropper, Paris, team leader; Rev. E. W.Elliott, Glasgow, associate leader,Rev. Paul Powell, Ashland, Rev.Hugh M. Leith, Covmgton, Rev. A.0. Stockbridge, Louisville, Dennis V.Snapp, Paris, Mrs. T. R. Ewing,Louisville, E. G. Harris, Louisville.,oFORMER BOURBON MAN VICTIM OF PARALYSIS.A message received here byfriends told of the serious illness ofGeorge A. Hill, at Christiansburg, inShelby county. Mr. Hill sustaineda stroke of paralysis several daysago. He was a former resident ofBourbon county, having been engaged in farming near Centerville,for many years. Some years ago hepurchased a farm in Shelby county,on which he has since resided. Mi.Hill is now eighty years old. He it.an ex-Confederate veteran, and is abrother of -the late Gano Hill, whowas a prominent farmer and livestock dealer in P-ourbon county inhis day.oVISITING .NURSE GETS NATURALIZATION PAPEBS.At Frankfort, Friday, a petitionfor, naturalization as a citizen of theUnited States was filed with FederalCotut Commissioner Charles Wiardby Mrs. Harriet Pringle Minaker,of Paris. Mrs. Minaker came tothis country in 1908 from Ontario,Canada, wheie she was born.Mrs. Minaker is the popular andcapable "Visiting Nurse for theBourbon County Health and Welfare! League. Her tireless ana unseinsnwork in the interest ot tne league,and in relieving sickness and suffering has endeared her to the peopleof Paris and Bourbon county, whereher name has become a householdword.irjy. i .j 'JJ-rf i'r tm a piMMatt Lair,' W. K. Dudley,Sterling Dickson,James Caldwell".J. R. Letton,Geo. E. Reynolds, ,W. S. Marsh, f 'Robt. S. Jones,W. B. Kiser,C. R. White,C. H. Dalzell,H. A. Marsh,D. P. Hume,Woodford BucknervJohn M. Clay, nWm. Collins,A. B. Hancock,J. W. Young, Jr.,Julian Frank,Sam Houston,Calvin Jones,D. C. Clarke,John J. Redmon,,M. E. Hash,Thomas Jones,Clifford Hadden,Warren Rogers.,&-fr &r'-l1 ATE TRANSACTIONSAAAAAAiiLAvv4Through the real estate agency ofT Foster Rogers, of Mt. Sterling,Keller Mason, of Bourbon countvpurchased of J. A. Collins, a residence and two acres of land locatedon Spring street, in Mt. Sterling, ata private price.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. E. Clarke, ofMillersburg, have purchased 'an interest in the 480-acre farm nearArtesian, Miss., owned hv T,. A(Soper, of Paris. They will mova t.nthe farm to leside in a few weeks.The plantation is a fine body ofland, and considered one of themost valuable properties in Mississipi. "EYES OF THE WORLD," A REMARKABLE PICTURENo one watched the recent bravestruggle of William F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) with the Grim'spectermore than Fred Burns, the actorexpert horseman.T1"! civ Tronrci TFor six years Burns had charee ofCody's great stock ranch near Cheyenne. WvO Whprp Jill "Iwnlra' ni-nlmustangs for Buffalo Bill' great ' I ae aaa.inS maenme nung Dy atraveling show, 'and the two men had ha!?' piec rPe l the windowalways been fast friends. ' shutter. On it was a note printedBurns. 'by the way, did some won- ln Pencilled letters, ''We are bringderful horsemanship in "The Eyes of ' in thls stuff back Decause it's thethe World," dune's new cinema fa?hion to return stolen goods inproduction, which is soon to be thlf ay We caDt use the Paintshown at the Grand Opera House, iaJ?.d ha-ve ui f?J the addinS maJWednesdav and Thnrsdav Anrii 91 chine. Thought it was your cashand 22. Manv nf thp thrillc i fhic" " --" --.big feature are supplied by the wonderful feats of Burns and WesleyWarner.Tn "Tho TPitqc. rt -KV Ttr-.WI.a .. Iof the ffrpnfpst pnisnrlAS is the cmarpliof the mountain rangers for thekidnaped girl, Sibyl Andres. It isthis part of the story which suppliesthe horsemen with opportunities todo their remarkable feats. Burns isa fine specimen of the typical broncobuster. He is six feet two incheshigh and weighs 200 pounds.' After0 -.-. .., vN, WWUUU 1rhis experience at Buffalo Bill'sranch he joined the Wild WestShow and traveled all over Americaand Europe, creating sensation aftersensation with his fearlessness anddaring acts on horseback.ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do il now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.1 BOURBON DUMBER CO.apr2-tf)z9WE KNOW MOWFOR SPRINGHave a Stein-Bloeh Suit0 the casual observer clothesJiust clothes mostl all alike.there is an important difference between the general run of ready-to-wear clothes andStein -SmartClothesYou can readily see the pattern andstyle in any suit. But the wearingquality the service ability ofclothes depend largely upon the unseen things the linings, the needlework, ihe tailoring. These unseenthings you take on 'faith. 'Yet not .entirely on faith, because the"Stem-Bloch label, which stands forSixty-three Years of Knowing How,is a piedge of quality in itself. Andour label endorses it.You begin to fully appreciate SteinBloch Smart Clothes only after suchservice as would put of dinary clothesinto the discard. It is this inherentquality of continued smartnesssmartness as long as the woolens holdtogether that makes Stein-Bloch thechoice of men who know.-MITCHELL &" V' i" -m mm' , jMORE VALUABLE GOODS "MYSTERIOUSLY" RETURNEDVerily, Paiis, Ky., is as much, aplace of mysteries as its old-worldprototype, Paris, France. Mysterious things are constantly happeningin both places, keeping the peopleconstantly guessing. This has ta dowith the many "mysterious" returnsof property stolen from homes andbusiness houses and found hangingon door knobs and shutters manydays afterward.Several nights ago a bold burglarentered the T. T. Templin paintstore on South Main street, andmade away with twenty one-gallonbuckets of house paint and an adding machine. The property losswas discovered the next morning byMr. Templin. He reported the' lossto Patrolman George M. Hill, whoresides in the immediate vicinity.Patrolman Hill took the trail, disguised as a paint brush, and sooalocated several suspected parties.Evidently they got wind of the factthat they were under suspicion, andresults soon followed.Monday morning early Mr. Templin, upon going to the rear of thebuilding, noticed a number of bulkypackages dangling fiom the wall,and on the shutter of one of the"windows. Closer examination disclosed the stolen property, tied upwith strings to nails in the wall..;,... lcBi.Jt AXvlOGIRL MAKING GOOD ATCOLLEGE.Miss Fay McWhorter, of Paris, isone of the superior students of theCollege of Arts and Science in theUniversity of Kentucky. She is aJunior in the Department of Journalism and the "majority of hergrades are A's, the highest markgiven in the University, and B's thenext highest mark.Miss McWhorter was formerly aresident of Millersburg and attendedthe Millersburg Academy during thefirst two years of her college course.She Tnoyed to Lexington last fall and.entered the University at the beginning of her Junior year. Shehad a splendid record at Millers-'burg, both in her classes in , theschool paper and was a member ofthe Glee Club. She also played onthe Girls' Basket Ball team.Because of her close applicationo work a very successful future inher chosen field is predicted for MissMcWhorter by her many friends inthe University.areYetBlochBLAKEMORE11- ' T W' A-trvatr"ir- f. vij"M, I: ,-1,A-kV-"V'i.-.o-V AA -."mrTTTTn-,- IV h rnA .1X, Jt 1r'js''- ' -.X "IiJr-fi"c iPAGE TWO?BE flOUBBON NIWB, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL 20, 120UuIv VVAn OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE SALE OPSCHOOL IMPROVEMENT BONDSOE THE CITY OF PARIS, KEN-" TUCKY, TO THE AMOUNT OFTHIRTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLIARS, ($35,000.00) WHICHBONDS WERE AUTHORIZEDBY A VOTE OF THE QUALIFIEDVOTERS OF THE CITY OFparis, kentucky, at an:election called and heldfor that purpose on deCEMBER 27, 1919."WHEREAS, By ordinance dulyadopted' on November .27, 1919,-which ordinance was duly published3n the official publication of theCity of Paris for two weeks, an election was called to submit to thequalified voters of the City of Paris.Kentucky, the question:"'Are you in favor of issuing3onds of the City of Paris, Kentucky, in the sum of Thirty-fiveThousand Dollars, to be paid bylevies annually to meet said Bondsand the interest thereon, for theimpose of completing and equipping the addition to the City SchoolSor'white children, and the additionio the City School for colored children? 'The annual assessment for thepurpose of paying the interest andcreating a sinking fund shall not exceed the sum of $3,500.00," andWHEREAS, Said election wasduly held, pursuant to said ordinance on December 27, 1919, .andWHEREAS, At said election amajority of more than two-thirdsof the legal votes cast, were cast infavor of the issual of said bonds,andWHEREAS, The Board of Education of the City of Paris, Kentucky,"has leported to the Board of Councilthat the proceeds of said bonds areimmediately necessary for the purpose of completing and equippingthe buildings provided for in saiddinance calling said election.Now, Therefore, Be it ordained bythe Board of Council of the City ofPflTis, Kentucky, in regular meetingassembled, that bonds of the City ofParis, Ky., to be known as"School Improvement Bonds of theCity of Paris, Ky.," be issued to theamount of Thirty-five ThousandDollars, ($35,000.00) and sold forthe purpose aforesaid.Said issue shall consist of seventy"bonds of the " face value of FiveHundred Dollars each, shall bear-date of May 1, 1920, and bear interest at the rate of five per cent, per-annum from said date, interest payable semi-annually, on the firstdays of May and November in eachyear, interest and principal payablein gold coin of the present standardof weight and fineness, at the Bankpf Aine'rica, in the City of NewTcrk.Said bon&s sliall be due and payable as follows, to-wit:$1,500.00 on November 1, 1920.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1921.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1922.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1923.1,500.00 on November 1, 1924.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1925.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1926.$2,000.00 an November 1, 1927.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1928.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1929.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1930.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1931.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1932.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1933.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1934.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1935.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1936.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1937.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1938.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1939.Said bonds shall bear coupons forthe payment of each installment ofinterest, as the same falls due, andshall be signed by the Mayor andcountersigned by the City Clerk.Said coupons shall be signed bythe City Clerk, but his signature to" said." coupons may be lithographedthereon.' The Mayor is hereby authorizedand directed to advertise the saleof said bonds in the official publications of the City of Paris, Ky..for two consecutive weeks, and inthe Bond Buyer at least once beforethe day of sale.Sealed bids addressed to J. W.Hayden, City Clerk, Paris, Ky., willbe received up to and until eighto'clock, p m., on Thursday, April 22,1920, and will be opened in opensession of the Board of Council, inthe City Hall, on that date.Said bonds will not be sold for lessthan par and accrued interest, andeach, bidder will be required to.accompany his bid by a certifiedrfeeck for at least ten per centum ofthe amount of his bid. The checksf the unsuccessful bidders will bereturned immediately after the sale,ad the oheck of the successful bidder will be lelained until such bidder complies with his undertakingby taking the bonds and payingtherefor, his said check being considered as part payment on thebonds.If the successful bidder fails orrefuses to comply with his under-talcing within ten days after demandis made upon him, then the amountl lis check will be retained by theCity of Paris as liquidated damagefor the breach of his undertaking.Tii's ordinance will be in full'ibrce and effect from and after itspassage and publication as requiredy law.nBe it fuither ordained that a tax;i:pon all the property, real and pergonal, in the City of Paris, taxableby law for City purposes, is herebyGETS RIO OF HERTRQUBLESAT75''Tanlac Is Certainly a Fine Medicine For Elderly People,"She SaysAmong the many Kentucky people who have recently testified tothe powers of Tanlac is Mrs. NannieChappell, residing 'at 3,724 old Thirdbtreet, Louisville, who in relatingher experience, said:"I am now seventy-five years ofage, but I doubt if there are manywomen that old who feel any betterthan I do since taking Tanlac. Why,during all the years of my life Ihave never seen or heard of a medicine to equal it, for a few bottleshave relieved me of a case of rheumatism, nervousness and indigestionthat had troubled me for twentythree years. Sometimes my lowerlimbs hurt so bad I couldn't walkand at times my arms pained me soI cpuldn't walk, and I couldn't raisemy hands to comb my hair. I hadseveral attacks every year and whilethey were on me I could neither getup or down without help. Many atime I got so nervous I would shakelike a leaf and just dreaded .to seenight come, for it was impossiblefor me to sleep. My appetite leftme, too, and everything I ate disagreed with me."Finally I got so bad off withthis rheumatism that I couldn't stayon my feet any longer. While I wasdown in bed my son, who is a passenger engineer on the Louisvilleand Nashville railroad, came to seeme and said, 'Mother you rememberhow I suffered, so long with stomach trouble and could hardly eat atall, and lost weight and thought Iwould have to quit work. Well, yoi'see me now weighing two hundredand fifteen pounds, and in such agood condition that I can eat porkor anything else I want and myhealth is just perfect. Tanlac didthis for me and I'm going to get youa bottle. So, he did and almost assoon as I began taking it I felt better. In a few days I had a good appetite and was able to get out ofbed. I have taken three bottles ofTanlac now and am feeling like adifferent person. Every sign of thelheumatism is gonex and I am notonly able to sleep soundly everynight, but I usually take a nap during the day. Tanlac is ceitainly aine medicine for old people and Iwill gladly tell anyone personallyjust what it has done for me."Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy. (adv)oFishing is always good five milesfarther on.levied annually, sufficient to meetthe semi-annual instalments of interest on said bonds, and to pay thebonds as and when they mature.E. B. JANUARY.Mayor.Attest:J.' W. HAYDEN, Clerk.AgentsWantedWanted, man with team or auto,who can give bond, to sell 137Watkins home and farm products.Biggest concern of kind in world.$1,500 to $5,000 yearly income.Territory in this county open.Write to-day, J. R. Watkins Co., Department 112', Winona, Minn.(614t-T)Eggs For SettingI haye a nice lot of pure-bredSingle-comb Rhode Island Red, (thelaying kind) eggs for sale at $2.00for 15. Fertility guaranteed.MRS. W. M. COOPER,(9-4t-pd) 919 Walker Ave.Railway Mail ClerksRailway Mail Clerk examination.Kentucky, May 15. Hundreds needed. A?c, 18-35. Salary SI. 300 to$1,500. Experience unnecessarv.Men desiring to take examinationswrite immediately for free particulars.J. LEONARD,(Former Government Examiner),935 Equitable Building. Washington, D. C. (13-3t)Fur-Bearing AnimalsWantedWe buy, raise and sell fur-bearinglabbits and other fur-bearing animals. Place your order with us andlist whatever stock you have withus, stating lowest flat price on largeshipments. Address 515-517 N. P.Ave., Fargo, N. D. Preferences,Scandinrvian-American Bank, FargoNational Bank, Fargo, North Dakota. (30mar-lmo)NOTICENotice is hereby given the administrator ot Charles Stephens, deceased, that his surviving partnersin the firm of the Power GroceryCompany, have purchased and takenover all of his share and interest iiithe firm of the Power Grocery Company and that the estate of CharlesStephens has retired from the firmof the Power Grocery Company, thisI April 1, 1920.s WOODFORD SPEARS,Administrator of Charles Stephens.(13-4t)COMMANDER OF THESALVATION ARMY;fPirrwiBMlTi ' ' frit ;1 -i 11 mi . . , . ,111 ,Commander Evangeline Booth, headof the Salvation Army in the UnitedStates, will leave for Europe on important business immediately at theclose of the Salvation Army's 1920Home Service Appeal, May 10-20.The Commander will not only inspect the American Section of the Salvation Army work now going on withthe American troops at Coblenz, Germany, and other points along theRhine, but will confer in London withher brother, General Bramwcll Booth,world head of the Salvation Army.The Commander intends to remainto London ten days. She will go notonly to Germany, in the interests ofher organization, but to Belgium,where there has been a vast increase recently in Salvation Army work. Inaddition the Commander will hold anImportant meeting in Paris.The Salvation Army is the only relief organization with the AmericanForces in Germany on the east side ofthe Rhine. It has five large soldiers'clubs in the Rhine country.ALL KENTUCKIANSARE MADE WELCOMEBooth Memorial Hospital at CovingtonIs Operated By the SalvationArmy.Kentuckians from every part of thoStale will always find a hospitable welcome at the famous Booth MemorialHospital, at Covington, whether theyhave money or not. Support of thishospital is one object of the SalvationArmy's Home Service Campaign, My10-20.The Booth Memorial Hospital wasthe home of the late Amos Shinkle,the founder and promoter of the suspension bridge connecting Covingtonand Cincinnati. When the home waserected many years ago it was famousall over the United States as "one ofthe finest in, this section of the country."Mr. Shinkle left the beautiful homoto the Salvation Army upon his death,and since that time it has been usedas a hospital. It is strictly undenominational. Men and women from allchurches and representing all creedsare on the advisory board and the various committees. They are among themost prominent citizens of Covington.Theirs is strictly a labor of love, andthey receive no compensation. TheMime care and attention is given topatients who have no money as tothose who can afford to pay part orwhole of the fees required. Not asingle patient without money has everbeen turned away from this hospital,although many patients who offer topay are not received because of lackof room.Thirty per cent of -all the cases inBooth Memorial Hospital have beeucharity patients. This record is byfar the best of any hospital in theUnited States.The medical staff of the hospital imade up of the" best-known physiciansSin this section. Dr. J. Risk Meek, aPendleton county boy, is chief of staff.In connection with the hospital anurses' training school is maintained.MKs Catherine A. Webb is superintendent of nurses. She is an experienced nurse and has had post-graduatework in five of the largest hospitalsin the country. Seven of the graduatesof tho school went into Red Crosswoik during the war, and two of themwere overseas. They were Mina Dunlap, who recently passed away, andleannah Sorrell, formerly of Pendleton county, Kentucky. Both of themrendered splendid service.Great interest is being shown inBooth Memorial Hospital fh all sections of Kentucky because patients arereceived from all parts of' the state,charitable as well as full-pay and partpay patients.Salvation Army officers give 10 percent of their meager earnings to charity. During the week of Marcli 28'thto April 5th, known to them as "SelfDenial Week," they cheerfully gave"what's left."The Salvation Army has a commissioned officer staff of more than 18,000working in 66 countries and speaking48 different languages.The Salvation Army knows no service too difficult, no task too great.An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF HIGHSTREET IN THE CITY OF PARIS,KENTUCKY, FROM THE CITYHALL TO THE NORTH MARGINOF FOURTEENTH STREET, OFMAIN STREET FROM BANKROW TO BRIDGE OVER STONERCREEK, AND THIRD STREETFROM PLEASANT STREET TOLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.BY THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF CURBING AND GUTTERING ONBOTH SIDES THEREOF, AT THE COST OF THE ABUTTING PROPERTY OWNERS, THEKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY AND THE CITYOF PARIS, KENTUCKY, WITHVITRIFIED BRICK, ASPHALTBITULITHIC, WOOD BLOCKS,ROCK ASPHALT, CONCRETEPAVING OR OTHER TYPE OFPAVED STREET, AND BY THECONSTRUCTION OF CURBINGAND GUTTERING ON BOTHSIDES THEREOF EXCEPTWHERE THE SAME IS ALREADYCONSTRUCTED IN CONFORMITYWITH THE SPECIFICATIONS OFTHE PROPOSED WORK, ANDPROVIDING FOR THE COSTTHEREOF.BE IT ORDAINED by the Boardof the City of Paris in regular meeting assembled at the City Hall in theCity of Paris, Ky., that, pursuant toresolutions heretofore adopted onMay 22nd., and February 26, 1920,and duly published as required bylaw, the following described streetsand parts of streets in the City ofParis, Kentucky, be improved by theoriginal cosntruction of the roadwaythereof, with vitrified brick, asphalt,bithulithic, wood blocks, rock asphalt,concrete paving or other type ofpaved street, and by the construction of curbs and gutters on bothsides ther&of, except where the sameis already, in conformity with theplans and specifications for the proposed work, to wit:High Street from the City Hall toNorth margin of 14th Street.Main Street iom Bank Row toBridge over S'ouer Creek and ThirdStreet from rivwant Street to Louisville & Nas-livhie Railroad.2. That f.iu improvement shall bemade accord i'ig ro plans and specifications to be .tJ opted by the Boardof Council of tit 3 City of Paris, andthat a suitable and competent engineer be employed to prepare suchplans and specifications.3. That the cost of improving saidroadway shall be paid as follows, towit:The abutting property owners oneither side of said streets shall payone-third of the cost of said street,and the cost of all curbing and guttering in front of their respectivelots. The Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co., shall pay the expenseof paving between the rails of theirtracks and a distance of eighteen inches on the outside of the rails; andthe remaining cost shall be paid bythe City of Paris out of the generalfunds, and in addition thereto theCity of Paris shall pay the entire costof the improvement of intersectionswith other public ways, includingone-half of the width of the streetbeing improved opposite other streetsor alleys which run into but do notcross the street so being improved,and that portion of any street abutting on the property belonging tothe City; and shall pay the cost ofall improvements where the abuttingowner is a public school, cemetery,county, state or United States. Thecost of abutting property ownersshall be apportioned and assessed upon the lots or parcels of real estateabutting feet, and a tax shall be levied upon such lots or parcels of realestate for the payment of the costsassessed thereon, which tax shall bedue and payable at the City Treasurer's office upon the completion ofthe work and acceptance thereof bythe Board of Council, provided, however, that the portion assessedagainst the abutting property maybe paid on the ten year payment planas provided by law.(4). Any such tax, which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes "due and payable, unless the property owners shall haveexercised their option to pay forsame on the ten year payment plan,as above provided, shall have addedthereto a penalty of ten per cent, ofthe amount of the tax; and thereshall be a lien upon such lots or parcels of real rotate for the part of thecost of said improvement so assessedthereon, and the same shall bear in-t terest at the rate of six per cent, per(annum from the time of assessmentuuui paiu.(5.) This ordinance shall have tworeadings before the Board of Council, and ten days shall intervene between hte first and second readings.Upon the final adoption of this ordinance, the Improvement Committee is directed to advertise for bidsfor two consecutive weeks in theBourbon News and Kentuckian-Citi-zen,newspapers published in Bourbon County, Kentucky, the officialpublications of the City of Paris, forthe construction of said streets outof each of the materials as hereinprovided, and shall let the bid to thelowest and best bidder on the material adopted for the constructionof said street. Said Committee' shallrequire a cash deposit or certitieacheck from each bidder for anamount equal to ten per cent, of thetotal aggregate of his bid, to insurecompliance with said bid. In theevent the successful bidder fails toenter into a contract with the Cityof Paris for the performance of saidwork and give good and sufficientbond, conditioned for the faithfulperformance of his contract, withinten days after the award is made,then, in that event, the sum so deposited shall be forfeited to the City asliquidated damages for such failureto enter into such contract and execute such bond; the deposits madeby unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to such unsuccessful bididersimmediately after the award is made.(6). All bids shall be in writingand under seal, and addressed to J.W. Hayden, Cleork of the City ofParis, and shall be 'opened in thepresence of the Board of Council ata regular meeting of said Council atthe City Hall held on the night ofpril 22, 1920.(7.) This ordinance shall becomeeffective and be of full force fromand after its passage and publicationas required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Attest Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN.NOTICEOFSale of City SchoolBonds.The City of Paris, Kentucky, offers for sale to the highest and bestbidder, Thirty-five Thousand Dollars, ($35,000.00), of School Improvement Bonds of the City ofParis, which Bonds bear date, May 1,1920, with interest at the rate of fiveper cent, per annum, interest payable semi-annually, principal and interest payable in gold coin of theUnited States of the present standard of weight and fineness, at theBank of America, in New York.These Bonds will mature as follows: $1500.00 on November 1, 1920,$2000.00 on November 1, 1921,$1500.00 on November 1, 1922,$2000.00 on November 1, 1923,and so on up to and including November 1, 1939.Sealed bids will be received forsaid Bonds until Eight o'clock, p. m.,on Thursday, April 22, 1920. Allbids must be addressed under seal toJ. W. Hayden, City Clerk, Paris, Ky.,and each bid must be accompaniedwith a certified check for iJen percent, of the amount of the bid, whichcheck must be payable to C. K.Thomas, City Treasurer.The checks of unsuccessful bidders will be returned immediatelyaf.ter the award is made, and thecheck of the successful bidder willbe retained until such bidder hascompiled with the terms of his bid.If such bidder fails to take suchbonds and pay for same upon demandthen the amount of such check willbe retained by the City of Paris asliquidated damages for such failure.Said Bonds will not be sold for lessthan par, and accrued interest.E. B JANUARY,Mayor of the City of Paris.WantedExeprienced engineer byTHE PARIS WATER CO.(23-1f)WantedRailway Mail Clerks, $110 permonth. Experience unnecessary.Young men, 17 upward, desiringclerkships, write for free particulars. J. LEONARD,(Former Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C. ,AT AUCTION!Six Beautiful Building Lots, One House andLot and Millersburg Public SchoolBuildingOn Saturday, April 24, 1920AT 2K) O'CLOCK P. M.Described as follows:2 lots facing on Butler Avenue, 50x220 feet each; ?. ' ' V1 lot facing on Cynthiana Pike, 53.6x313 feet;2 lots facing on Cynthiana Pike, 64x267 feet each;1 lot facing on Main Street, 97x332 feet;1 house and lot facing on the Cynthiana Pike. House consists of- 5rooms, all necessry out-buildings. Everything practically new. Lot64x244 feet.Millersburg Public School building of S rooms, located on the corner,of Tenth and Vimont Streets. Building in good repair.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale. 44 HABKB.-SPEAKES & HAMIS, Aeti. :COL. GEO.- D. SPEAKES, Anctkaeer. ' (1W. IAuto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Eun Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11:20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel 12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg . 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAB NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 pnvArrive Millersburg 12:45 p.nt.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p.m.Both Phones 204.JIM EVANSBlack Jack, will stand at my stableIn North Middletown, at$8.00Cash in hand when mares are bred.JIM EVANS is by Young's BlackSampson, he by Young's Yelberton.He is 15.3 high, big head andears, plenty of foot and bone, a number one breeder.Also, at the same place the bigdraft stallion,Tom BucknerCash in hand when mares are bred.weight 1,700 pounds, .will make theseason at$8.00This horse must be seen to be appreciated. The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.R. M. GILKEYCumberland Phone 93.North Middletown, Kentucky(9apr. 8t)We will stand at the home of E.P. Wagoner, near Blacks CrossRoads, three miles' south of Millersburg, six miles east of Paris, on theJackstown. pike, a fine Peroheronregistered stallion,PatCobestanNo. 16641A rich bay. weight 1,600 pounds, agrand individual, a sire of a showhorse in his class. We will stand atEIGHT DOLLARSCash in hand when mares are bred.Also, same time andextra good four-year-oldplace, anBlack Jack15 hands high, weighing 1,000pounds, with big, heavy bone andplenty head and ear, and greatbreeder. We will stand atEight Dollarscash in hand when mares are bred.The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.Mclntyre & WagonerTenn. Phone, 38; Home Phone, 18;Millersbnrg; Exchanget 1 x , tr-acdgc-siK"tV TI "Vfcryf-V- !,J.v.,.it vr.s;'..,.,..,.- ",- r . Wr-i. X HON-r-V. -'"V".-v.' ,-- . y'-:- ?$-J.$r"''!t ""Ci Ki"1't,w '-'V-vVTS i ? WS r-"-.-".,k- ,.f.TUESDAT, APRIL 20, 120THE BQXJRBON NES, PARIS, KENTUCKY? fc!-,ENOUGH BILLSBUTTHAIIALL, SHE SAYSTotal Results Gained From OtherMedicines Before TakingTrutona, Mrs. FranklinAssertsLOUISVILLE, KY., April 20.Another striking bit of proof of'Trutona's remarkable 0 reconstructivepowers lor overcoming after-effectsof influenza, pneumonia and the likeis to be seen in the following statement made recently by Mrs. A. E.Franklin, Louisville woman, of 13 5 JPreston Street."After I had sufficiently recovered from the 'flu' to g,et out of bed,"Mrs. Franklin said, "I found that Iwas very weak and a dizziness inmy head whenever I would walkrendered me unfit to do any kind ofwork. I had been troubled' withconstipation for several years beforeI contracted influenza."'Well, of course, I tried severaldifferent kinds of medicines for mtrouble, but about the only iesultsI got from them were bills. Itseemed that nothing would do meany good. Finally I got a bottle ofTrutona and began taking it. Tomake a long story short, to-day I'mfree from constipation. In additionto this I feel strong and find I cando more work than I've been ableto do for a long time. That's whyI recommend Trutona."Just as Mrs. Franklin did, thousands of people have found Trutonato be everything that is claimed foist, as a reconstructive agency system purifier and body invigorant as-well as an unsurpassed combatantfor stomach, liver and bowel troubles, .nervousness, sleeplessness, lossof appetite and the like.Trutona is sold in Paris at G. S.Varden & Son's. (adv)oWhen we are slipping, we wantto know how to get back; not whatthere is in the hole.PRESS GAIfG .TO MEET IN GOVHffGTOK JUNE 17-19.The summer meeting of the Kentucky Press Association will be heldin Covington, June 17 to 19, according to the executive committee,which met at the Seelbach Hotel, inLouisville, Friday. In deciding onCovington, the committee acceptedI an urgent invitation from Covington Industrial Club, which promisednot tc place an embargo on visits toCincinnati.A tentative program was agreedupon by the committee. It includes consideration of the editorialand news department of the paperson Thursday afternoon, the openingday. In the evening the delegatesand visitors will be given a visit,probably at the Zoo, in Cincinnati.The following day will be devotedto the. discussion of matters pertaining to the business office and alsojob printing. Election of officerswil'l lake place on the last day,Saturday, when topics of general interest also will be taken up.Those attending the meetingwere: Vice president, R. L. Elkin,Lancaster; B. B. Cozine, Shelby vilhrL. S. Fitzhugh, Wilmore; C. A. Radford, Cincinnati; Wallace Brpwn,Bardstown; Secretary A. C. Alcock,Danville.COMMITTEE TO WELCOME THEMOTORCADE VISIT APPOINTED.HOW IS YOUR COMPLEXION?George F. Smith and'W. C. Wellsarrived in Paris, Wednesday, tomake preliminary arrangements forthe visit in this vicinity of a caravan of pneumatic-tired trucks ouSaturday, April 24.The unique motorcade is on a tourof education under the auspices ofprominent dealers in this district.Speakers a ill accompny the tourto explain the important part beingtaken by the motor truck in solvingthe country's transportation problems. Interesting motion pictureswill 'also be shown at night meetings. Free demonstrations will be givenon farms, and at industrial plants toshow that the pneumatic-tired truckis faster, costs less to operate anddoes not do the damage to highwaysthat other vehicles do.It will also h shown that prosperity depends uWipn production andtransportation ana in communitieswhere the motor truck has been, adopted on a large scale there hasbeen a great saving in cost or distribution. A local committee headed by R. C.Ruggles and C. A. Webber is making arrangements to welcome thetourists.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.A woman should grow more beautiful as she grows older a-nd she willwith, due regard to baths, diet andcjwci ui&e, uuu uy Keeping ner liverand bowels in gocd working order. IIf you are haggard and yellow,your eyes losing their lustre andwhites becoming yellowish, yourflesh flabby, it may be due to indigestion or to a sluggish liver.Chamberlain's Tablets correct thesedisorders.Cadv)ARE YOU HAPPY?To be happy you must be well. Ifyou are frequently troubled withconstipation and indigestion youcannot be altogether happy. TakeChamberlain's Tablets to correctthese disorders. They are promptand effectual, easy and pleasant totake.(adv)EDISONandMUSICGet your copy of"Edison and Music,"and turn to page 26M 'At this point, the absorbing story of "Edison andMusic" goes into a detaileddescription of the EdisonCabinets. You get in briefand readable form the historical background and thedistinguishing characteristics of the chief periods ofthe Golden Age of Furniture. Illustrated with 17beautiful plates. ." In these da vs. it is veryuseful to understand whatmakes good furniture designand how to select a cabinetthat enriches the cultureand charm of your home.U xSi 'D'The Phonograph with a Soul"Ever' Naw Edison is aperiod cabinet 'Edisonand Music" tells the wholestory of this wonderful phonograph of two arts. Let uspresent you with a copy.Oberdorfer. The Druggist- JMr. and Mrs. A. L. Slicer wererecent visitors in Cincinnati.M. E. McCurdy has returnedfrom a month's stay at Hot Springs,Arkansas.Mrs. Eva Dimmitt has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Cyntbiana.Mrs. Prankie Morrison anddaughter, Miss Alameda Morrison,are visiting frjends in Cincinnati.Miss Alice Hughes, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Louis Mussiron, at her home on South Main,street.Misses Ir-jne I en'han and Mar-j-'amtI"le, of .Lextagfnn, spent thevek-eiid in Palis as guests offriends.Mrs. C. B. Havlin has returnedto her home in Detroit, Mich., aftera v'sit.to her uncle, H. C. Ogle, Sr.,in this city.Mrs. Laura Wiggins and MissElizabeth Steele are visiting the former's daughter, Mrs. W. O. Harber,,in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Mason havereturned to Cynthiana after a visitto their daughter, Mrs. LynnPhillips, in. this city.Judge and Mrs. George Batterton entertained a number of friendsFriday evening at "Ave hundred"' altheir home on Cypress street.Miss Valette McClintock, whohas been detained here after theEaster holidays by illness, returnedSaturday to her school in Washington, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. Emil Menzel recently celebrated their first marriage anniversary at their home inCincinnati. Mrs! Menzel was formerly Miss Edith Oulbertson,, ofParis.Mrs. Macie White Fithian,Misses' Elizabeth Crutcher, MaryDan Harbison, Josephine Fithianand Rev. T. S. Smylie attended themeeting of the Woman's Club, heldin Lexington, Saturday.Jesse Tapp and G. W. Foster, ofthe Agricultural College of Kentucky University spent several daysin Paris and Bourbon county recently, consulting with farmers inlegard to making a survey of Bourbon county farms.Mrs. Newton Myers, of Carlisle,is .visiting at the home of J. C.Fiahtmaster. on Walker avenue.Her mother, Mrs. Fightmaster, whohas been very ill at the lassie Memorial Hospital, is improving.Mrs. Will G. McClintock washostess Friday afternoon at herhome on Plersant street to themembers of the Friday Bridge Club.Out-of-town guests were MesdamesAnna Wallace, Clay Shropshiie andMyrtle Snell, of Lexington.Mrs. Henry S. Caywood anddaughter, Miss Lucile Caywood, arein Washington, D. C. 'Mrs. Caywood is delegate from Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters of American Revolution, to the National D.A. R. Convention, whpse sessions,opened yesterday and will continuethrough Saturday.(Other Personals on Page 5.)oBE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)ROGER SULLIVAN, FAMOUS POLniOIAN, DEES IN CHICAGO"CHICAGO, ILL., April 19. RogerC. Sullivan, 59- years old, for, manyyears Democratic leader of' CookCounty, died at his home, 342 Wellington Avenue, at 4:15 o'clock Wednesday afternoon. Although hisdeath was due to a sudden heart at-tack, his family was present when hepassed away.Sullivan for 20 years the dominating figure of the. Democratic partyin Illinois, and for many years a national figure in pQlitics, was born atBelvidere, 111., February 2, 1861, andwas educated in the public schoolsthere. '. , ,Mr. Sullivan planned to enter theDemocratic National Convention atSan Francisco as leader of the Illinois delegation with the avowed intention of making that his last appearance in the political area.Mr. bulhvan, condemned in hisown state by his opponents as a"boss" and more than once "readout" of the Democratic party by William Jennings Bryan, led the movement that finally resulted in makingwoodrow Wilson President.It was Sullivan, who headed theDemocratic delegation from Illinoisat the Baltimore Convention in 1912a delegation pledged to ChampClark and who after sufficient ballots had been cast to discharge hisobligation to Illinois switched thestate delegation to Wilson.Jtoger Sullivan had been a participant in every Democratic conventionsince 1892 and in at least three ofthe seVen he attended he had been acommanding figure.His clashes with Bryan and withthe Carter Harrison and Wm. R.Hearst faction of the party in Illinois, which brought him the title of"Boss" from his political enemies,made Sullivan a Democratic figurethroughout the country.Coming to Chicago in 1870 towork in the railroad shops as an apprentice machiniist at $1.25 a day,Mr. Sullivan was reputed to be worthmore than $1,000,000 at his death.oHOW DIPHTHERIA vIS CONTRACTEDOne often hears the expres. ion,"My child caught a severe coldwhich developed into diphtheria,"when the truth was that the coldhad simply left the little one particularly susceptible to the wanderingdiphtheria germ. If your child hasa cold when diphtheria is prevalentyou should take him out of sdhooland keep him off the street untilfully recovered, as there is a hundred times more danger of his taking diphtheria when he has a cold.When Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis given it quickly cures the coldand lessens the danger of diphtheriaor any other germ disease beingcontracted.(adv)Attractive New Merchandise in the Art NeedleWork Department .First Floor ReartWe are showing a full line ofRoyalSociety"Underwearput up in packages containing material and sufficientfloss to complete garment.jAlso a complete assortment otChildren's StampedDressesInfant size to 12 years. Theycome in heavy and sheer materials.You can listen to any kind ofPresidential talk that you want tohear.HAn early inspection of theseseems recommendable, as reorders are slow in being filledand we have a complete stockof them at the present time.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.igflWMlfrlMMWOVERALL WEAKING TOGREAT MOVEMENTBEA MAN AND HIS WIFE', may both derive saiisfaction'. by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERThe movement to combat the highcost of clothing by wearing overalls and denim clothing is sweeping over the country like wildfire,and is producing seatisfactory results. The "greatest objection urgedagainst the movement is that it willforce the workingmen, who reallyneed and must have overalls, to paylargely increased prices for them.Dealers have already begun advancing prices on overalls.The Rev R. Ernest Akin, pastorof the' First Unitarian church, ofLouisville, stated his willingness topreside at Sunday services' in ovei"I think the plan an excellentone," said Mr. Akin. "I am perfectlywilling to preach in oveialls, and tourge members of my congregationto attend church services clad indenims. The Overall uiud win uumuch to solve high cost of clothingproblems."The "Overall Club" n ovement intended as a protest against highprices of clothing, is spreading rapidly throughout the Southwest, according to reports received at Kansas City. Dispatches said clubs hadbeen formed in numerous places inMissouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texasand Arkansas.The inaugural "outfit" of Rev.Jrmenh Brosan. Mayor-elect of Emporia, Kansas, and pies' dent-elect, ofthe Emporia Overall Club, vill be inoveralls lie announced. The EmporiaClub reports several hvmdied members. It is pioposed ihat Louisville women join in the movemont by donning gli 8am dresset. 'J lie n.xchange C2bb voted a fine of $1utrainst any or its members who appear at the organization's luncheonthis week rot at Tired in denims. 4Membfis nf the Cheese Club, inNew York City, an organization ofdramatic woikers, press agents andeditors of theatrical papers, announced their conversion to thecheaper clothes moveir.oiit, and sentforth a sheaf of pi ess notices detailing plans for popularization ofthe low. overall modish New York.Preference for Buick Valve-Jn-Headmotor cars becomes more pronouncedeach season-and this favoritismshown by the motor car purchaser of .today has taxed the Buick factory9 s r,J. - .7 - ,!'IS -proauctwn to me limit.. - VItr-fifiV&'-SThousands are contented to awaittheir turn in Buick deliveries forBuick performance, quality, serviceand economy has completely wontheir confidence.The five hundred thousand Buickcars now in daily operation are making Buick history. Their efficiency,faithfulness and value have established this fact in the minds of theworld "there is no substitute"for Buick Valve-in-Head qualityand service.PRICESModel K-M -KMdK-4S -ModIK-4 - 223f.tModIK-47 - $24.ttMcxUlK-43 -ModelK-SO -F. O. B. Flint, Mich.Prices RevisedApril 1, 192091SM.MI15M.MS1WS.O$2MLMf.f S.Cumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169Also we have an idea that y itwould pay married men to 4 shinetheir own shoes Mid use the moneyfor having their sox darned NWhen better automobiles are built, Buick will build tJnmThe Co So Ball Garage;v.5B iHhXi.s:i.v:i'!'--Cor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.ijdk-"tj"-.-i.2.tie,-?w;-i4.7- 4. - '. .H." J V, r' ifcIt ' ...-v- ..!'y.'JiH'" ?s4,.:Vr,-S;!i'ip-vv?ft4. ' ,'K-3 v f -' 3-v. : r .,' jru''w, - 't -11' - Wlt'AJC" Wi ..THE BOURBONPAlilS, KENTUCKYTTJgSDAYAPRIL Uf IMtf-b&Xw.14V-;-ii.DemocratsAdministrativeCommitteeProceedings of State at LargeMembers' Meeting, Saturday,April 10th, 1920. OPENING ADDRESS BY COL. MARION E. TAYLOR,Joint Chairman of the Committee.I am with and for this great movement instituted by my colleague,Col. Callahan, and his associates, to harmonize and unite the democracy of Kentucky. For years I have not taken an active part in polices. Democratic administrations, state and nations, have enactedmuch legislation of which 1 did not approve and from which I have suffered severe financial loss: and finally the destruction of the businessto which I had devoted the care and industry of a life time.Be that as it may, I never was a Democrat for place or profit, andI am Mill .i Democrat a .lefforxmian Democrat, and I submit withuuicavil or complaint to ihe will of the majority. Let the de.id past buryits dead. Tho-e questions which have divided and torn ihe Democracyof Kentucky are settled. They are behind us. It is time for all libertyloving men who believe- in the principles of Jefferson and would applythem to the momentous issues of the hour to turn their faces to thefuture and to unite in one strong and determined effort to redeem OldKentucky to bring her back to the faith of the fathers. In-that effortI am with you with all my heart.The great question before us now is not whether this country shallbe wet or dry, but whether it shall be Democratic or Republican;whether the principles of Jefferson shall be maintained or the heresiesof HepublicaniMU shall dominate the. counsels of the state and "nation.Aboe all, the South never can and never will submit to the domination of a corrupt and shameless black and tan political oligarchy.This committee was not organized at the behest- of any dan olfaction, and it will serve none. Indifferent to the personal ambition ofindividual we are the sponsors of irreat and time-honored principles.W-'th singk ncss of purpose we will strive for the success of the partyand of ail standard bearers.'We invite every man who ever .was a Democrat to join us in thisgreat crusado to redeem Old Kentucky, to elect a Democratic Presidentof the United States, and to make the world safe for democracy.The following proclamation, which was presented by Col. P. H.Callahan, Joint Chairman of the Comtrittee, was adopted unanimously:To the Democrats" of Kentucky:The State Central and Executive Committees with the approval ofihe recent Democratic conference of men and women from each countyin the state, have requested this committee, until the state conventionrailed for May 4th shall itself take action, to proceed to co-ordinate all'the elements of strength in the Democratic party of Kentucky.We seek nothing from the party for ourselves and represent nofaction, group or person in the state or in the nation, but speak in thename of Democracy and for the bet interests ol the country as ourunited judgment gives u& to see them.In virtue of these titles, we address our fellow .Democrats of Ken-'tucky and urge them with frank earnestne to attend the local partycouncils, take part in the county conventions and to see to it that thestate convention in May is made up of representative Democrats whoknow the wishes of the people and will carry out those wishes withunentagled liberty of action as to both the future and the past. Westddress 4n particular those Democrats who have not always activelyparticipated in party affairs. You should 'now make a sacrifice, if needbe, to send on a delegation of high-type men and women whom no person or persons without patriotic reason can control. This is no time toleave matters of party organization to persons politically interested;no time for aloofness on the part ol substantial men and women whohave the welfare of their community and their country at heart; notime for factions or selfish interests to hold sway. (iu- countrv is.weighed in the balance, and if men ol alUurs, men and women of solid..though! and disinterested purpose do not throw their strength andjnllueur-e into the scale, our country may be found wanting before theworld. ' t': The National Convention at San Francisco in June will be a testof American statecraft. Kentucky's delegation should play its partwith an eye single toward, and a heart bent upon; saving the soul ofthe nation that has given to the world its greatest opportunity to betree. This is the kind of a delegation, ..he kind of a .Democracy thatyour committee witn one united purpose stands for, and we 3sk ynoiu up our nanus.rou to-The members of the Administrative Committee of the State atUrge are as follows: ," "" " H ' EXECUTIVES:,P. H. Callahan,Louisville, Ky.Mrs. John A. Fulton,Bardstown, Ky.Marion H. Taylor,Louisville, Ky.Mrs. S. F. Fetter, Ashland, Ky.)Chas. A. Hardin,Harrodsburg, Ky.Johnson N. Camden,Versailles, Ky.Harry A. Sommers,JMizauetntown, Ivy.GENERAL:A. J. A. Alexander,Spring Station, Ky.John E. Buckingham,Paintsville, Kv.Mrs. Dunster Gibson Foster,Lexington. Ky.Alex P. Humphrey,Louisville, Ivy.Mrs. Edmund M. Post,Paducah, Ky.-Desha Breckinridge,Lexington, Ky.Mrs. John B Castleman,Louisville, Ky."a Harry Hanger,I ltichmoud, Ky.sttMrs. J. C. Layne,Ft. Thomas, Ky.Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart,Frankfort, Ky.James Utterbach,Paducah, Ky.Jas. B. Brown,Louisville, Ky.Mrs. Saml. T. Castleman,Louisville, Ky.Mrs. A. M. Harrison,Lexington, Ivy.Miss Alice Lloyd,Maysville, Ky.J. W. M. Stewart,Ashland, Ky.'-ifNOTICE!j-No person or persons have any authority to represent this Committee or any of US members toward selec-riii? or directing any candidacy for "delegates 'to the conventions or the election of anv Committeemen forthe Committee itself will not have anv wishes oil this matter and a iv only desirous of bringing about a procedure that will resultin a' full -and uncomrolled election of all candidates bv the Couutv Distract and Stale Conventions. "TZWRELIGIOUS.i-All Sunday Schools in,- thecounty should keep "Go-To-Sunday-SchoolDay" in mind and prepare tomake this a fruitful day for theirschools. Have a meeting of yourofficers, decide on how many youshould expect, and do your best toget your number. Remember thedte Sunday, May 2. The sloganis, "Everybody present on this day."Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, filled thepulpit of the Covington PreshviP-rian church, Sunday, in the interestof the Progressive Campaign. . Hispulpit here was filled at both morning and evening services by Rev.Thomas B. Talbott, of Lexington,Superintendent of Home Missions ofthe Presbyterian church,, a formerlesident of Paris.One hundred and fifty guests attended the banauet and meetingheld at the Millersburg Presbyterianchurch recently in the interest ofthe Progressive Progra.ni Campaign.Subscriptions of $3,300 were made,exceeding the church's quota by$30Q. The speakers were 'seated ata round table in the center of thelpom. W. D Mclntyre acted aschairman and introduced the speakers, Prof. Crooks, ot Centre College:Rev. T. S. Smylie, of Paris; Rev. w.Yv. Morion, of Millersburg.The " following officers wereelected for the ensuing term at therecent meeting of the EpworthLeague of the Paris Methodistchurch :President, Y. H. Harrison; vicepresident, Mrs. James Grinnell, Jr.;secretary, Miss Elizabeth Greer:treasurer, Cletis Chipley; corresponding secretary, Bryan Doty.The appointment of the followingsuperintendents for the various departments of League work Avas announced by President Harrison:Junior Superintendent, Mrs. E. T.Chipley; Spiritual Work, Mrs. Howard B. Carr; Social Service, Mm.Jennie Hornback; Recreation andCulture. Miss Mabel -Galloway:Missions, Miss Sadie Fuller.Aliases Elizabeth Snanc .and Miriam Galloway were elected as delegates to the Eleventh AnnualAssembly of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League, which meetsat the First Methodist church, inLexington, June.29 to July 2.PUBLIC UBEARY CLOSEDThe Paris Public Library, by order of the Library Board,' will closeto-day and rorr-ain closed untilWednesday, April 2S. This is madenecessary by the pairting and redecorating of the interior now inprogress. Palri.ur of the Libraryare asked to remember this andgovern themselves accordingly.FoundiIn Margolen's , Meat Market abunch of keys. )wner can obtainsame by calling at this office, proving property and paying advertisingcharges. (20-2t)LostSomewhere in Paris, yesterday, agentleman's purse containing a sumof money and a check. Finder leaveat N. Kriener's harness store and gelsuitable reward.(It) . W. C GOODMAN.s.fSJWool Wanted.Highest market nrice. Call TTar-Uey Hibler at mule barn for sacksanu twine.CAYWOOD ' & McCLINTOCK.(apr20-2mo)GOING TOREMODEL!iFARM BUREAU TO PROMOTEMEMBERSHIP DRIVEA drive or campaign for th'e purpose of increasing the membershipof the organization, will be inaugurated in this city and countyThursday by the Bourbon countyFarm Federation Bureau. Thedrive will entend through Saturday.In 'this three days' campaign it is expected that a large number of nameswill be added to the list of members,At a meeting of the organization,held at the court house Saturday, aworking organization was perfected,with the appointment of canvassersto thoroughly cover every precinctin the copnty. The organization,now has a membership of over 125.and is 'steadily growing. In this,issue of THE NEWS is an appeal tothe farmers of the county to enlisin the movement. " The promotors ofthe campaign hope to make the listtotal five hundred before they arcthiough.oWe have been wanting for somelime to make some changes in ourstore building, and have decidedthat this is the be'st chance we willever have. In order to make thesechanges we must move practicallyevery article in the house. Now wehave decided to let you move them.We are going to mark everything- inihe house at a price that will movethem and move them quick. Newsprint paper is very scarce and wei' re comneiied to curtail nnr nHvpr.jtisement, therefore we will notquote any prices in this ad. Remember, there are bargains in everydepartment. nIn our "Annex" you will find thestock of Wall Faper, Paints, Stains,Varnishes, etc., replete with newPapers, new Ideas, new Prices.Don't fa:l to take advantage of thisopportunity.THE FAIRRich Man. Young, rdbust, full of ambition and enthusiasm. A Life Insurance Companyj offered him a $10,000 estate for $200down and $4.00 a week, guaranteeingthat if he should die $10,000 would bepaid at once to his estate.Poor ManHe. put off t final arragements 'until 'the$200 was a "little more convenient" Inthe meantime he was taken ill, the LifeInsurance Company could do nothinguntil be was in good health again.Beggar ManGood health never came. Salary stoppedand money gone relatives asked to takecare of wife and baby.ThiefProcrastination has robbed his widow ofeven the comforts of -fife, as she toils tosupport the little one.DON'T PUT'OFF LIFE INSURANCE!R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank Bldg.PARIS, KY.Assets .. .$440,881,775.75Annual Dividend to Pol- 'icy Holders in 1920. . . . . .$16,100,000.00-..!I BIRTHS.i: :t At Plilltnntrilln 1, .!f .- ?jLucien Terrell, formerly Miss Dollip J(Smith, a daughter, christened Ethel ti-ranecs rerren.Spring ClothesATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thine that Itobacco needs for .raoidigrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIFT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsFIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your ordef for what yourequire for your pateh beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)TENANT HOUSE BURNED.Fiie, orginiating- from a defectiveflue destroyed a tenant house atLittle Rock, belonging- to Ivan C.Soper, and occupied by Crusoe Anderson, colored, about ten o'clockFriday night Anderson lost all hishousehold effects. The property lossis partly covered by insurance.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanFor SalePianos, Player Pianos and Talking-Machine, high grade instruments at low prices. We also haveused Sterling Piano in good condition. Just received shipment oflatest -music rolls. We make aspecialty of tuning- and repairingof all kinds.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 Hgh St.Representative .J. H. TempleinanPiano Company.(9-tf)' ..II iOT9PBfflHWH1 1 )m&kki - WSEBHmAL v1 1 i smz, 2That You AreSure To Like!THESE CLOTHES we say "you are sure tolike" come from the country's best mak-from tailors who know every angleers-of good taste, fine tailoring and materials.Men and young men well advisedclothes will welcome the new style ideasare showing.onweThitCtothes,.uOne of the new styles we are showing ispictured here a smartly tailored two-buttondouble-breasted model with long soft roll andform fitting back. Other good models shownare double and single breasted coats with halfbelts and s6me with belts all ai ound.Best wearing fabrics have been selectedto assure wearer of satisfaction. Plain colorsand fancy patterns are shown in wide varieties. We can't say too much for the valuesonly that the Walsh way is to give better values than you . can find elsewhere for yourmoney.i$imto $6500RWALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.II9c J-mir1'v a.?te ..& --,v. .vW -S ,-TJjN. JV ". ( - . -'rW't..: jv" 'y r t,,-J&ux- '-:jVv,s"AJi.".&,v:..V9:W'" pV -"'n.' ! JAV'Ui&-.V"P, v-TUESDAT, JLPRIL 20, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PAHlS, KENTUCKYrA6ny "i-krSz ;COR THE aCSTNOTHING CLSCSPECIAL SALEWednesday and Thursday,511.00 Hats. Watch this window. MRS. MAMIE PARKER.SOCIAL AND PEBiSONAL.Comiags aad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SEED SWEET POTATOESWe lmve the Nancy Hall, thebest to buy and plant. Let us haveyour order.(It) C. V. COOK & CO.cHAH DAMAGES TOBACCO BEDS.A storm of wind, rain and hailvisited the Troy neighborhood inWoodford county, Friday afternoon.The hail tore canvass on tobaccobeds to shreds and tobacco plantswere beaten into the- ground. ,o -BOURBON MENEBAL CHARGE.In the United States DistrictCourt in Cincinnati, Saturday,itussell Stevens, of Paris, was heldto the U. S. Grand Jury, in $2,500 bond on a charge of violation ofthe Harrison anti-narcotic lav.Stevens is well-known here.c70 SUITS AT .$35 AND $40.Well-mc.de all-wool suits made urthe Davis way in all sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oSEED CORNReid's Yellow Dent, 98 percent. germination. Homegjown. Delivered in Paris. at$4.00 per bushel, sacks to bereturned.C. C. HADDEN,Route 1, Paris, Ky.(16-3t)Miss Ruth Haggard, of Winchester, is visiting her aun.t Mrs. T.- Quisenberry, in this city.Mrs. L. M. Westerfield has returned from a visit to lier sons, andto Mis. M. D. Elmore, in Stanford.1U1SS Lena Mae Jones has returned to her home in Winchesterafter a visit to Miss Elizabeth Tarr.in this city.Mrs. N. Watkins and Miss Annie Lee Watkins, of Winchester, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. George C.Watkins, in Paris.Mrs. William Shropshire anddaughter, Mrs. 'Anna Wallace, aremoviD from their country home tothe home on Twelfth street, recently purchased by them.Miss Sue Boardman, student atthe University of Kentucky, spentthe week-end at home with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Elmer Boardman, at Little Rock.G. L. WainSCOtt nnrl ATr TPrnnlrHELD ON. FED-I Allen, of Winchester. ' attended thefuneral and burial of Nat C. Rogers,in this city last week. Mr. Wainscott was one of the pall-bearers.Sheriff John G. Roberts, one ofthe most popular countyv officials ofMontgomery county, was a recentcaller at THE NEWS office. Mr.Roberts is just recovering from a recent severe illness.-Prof. B. M. Roberts, Mrs. Chas. IK. OF P. INSPECTIONThe A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34,Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,will hold their annual inspection actheir Armory, in the K. of P. Hall,Wilson building, on to-morrow(Wednesday) night, at 7:30 o'clock.It will be a public affair. Members of Rathbone Lodge, their wivesand Pythian Sisters, are invited andexpected to attend. Refreshmentswill be served.oCOUNTY COUBT NEWS.In the County Court SaturdayGeorge Davis, colored, was held tothe grand jury by County JudgeGeorge Batterton, on a charge oflarceny. James Webster, coloied,anested by Chief of Police Link,was held lo the grand jury on aa charge of stealing goods from thecommissary of tlie Mason-HangerConstruction Co., at the XalapaFarm. -Robert Nicliois, coioreu, oiClaysville, was fined 13.50 for failing ro take out a dog license.. oALL-WOOL SUITS AT $35.A splendid selection to choosefrom of all-wool, well-tailored suitsin all sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oCHBISTIAN ENDEAVOB CONVENTION, MAY 7, 8, 9.The thirtieth annual conventionof the Kentucky Christian EndeavorUnion will hold sessions in theChristian church in Paris, May 7. 8and 9. Among the noted, speakerswho will be in 'attendance are Chas.P. Evans, All-South General FiemSecretary, of Lexington, and Frederick A. Wallis, Fourth Deputy Police Commissioner, of New YorkCity and the Convention Chairmanof the sixth world's Christian NewYork, in July, 1921.o-BUY NOW!Spprf Sweet Potatoes, and savemonev. They will be much highernext week.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.Headquarters for Garden Seeds.(13-4t)oSEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's Yellov Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(16mar-tf)SAYS SUGAR SHORTAGE SUBELYSEBIOUS.The shortage of sugar is beginningto be actuallv feluin the local markets, and in the restaurants, hotels,hoarding houses and homes in thiscitv. The sweet stuff is nowretaning at thirty N cents 'a pound, and avery limited quantity sold to anycustomer. , ,Some restaurants have taken tnesugar bowls off their counters andtables and are serving the preciousftuff to customers in small portions.Board! ns house keepers, are begining to eliminate desserts from theirmealE and forms of foods requiringquantities of sugar. The price ofpops and coca cola have advancedagain to seven cents. TheiPansBottling Work has closed dovra &account of the scarcity -..of ugai.Retailers seem to think the price ot-n.ro,- v m ns hisrh as fifty centsa nminri Meanwhile, everybody isPlaying a game of "watchful waitinn" vNhile the sugar shortagegrows shorter, the brokers growricher, and the general public bean,the brunt of the whole matter.Miller Clay, Raymond Connell andPreston White.Mr3. Carl Crawford has returned from a "winter's stay-in St.Petersburg, Florida.Miss Agnes Purnell, of Washington, D. C., is a guest of hermother, Mrs. Mattie Purnell, in thiscity.Miss Lena May Jones has, returned to her home in Winchester,after a visit to Miss Elizabeth Tarr,near Paris.Miss Mildred Collins has returned from a visit to Miss FrancesKimbrough, at Patterson Hall, i.Lexington.J. M. Sturgeon, buyer for theAmerican Tobacco Co., is here fora few days on business connecteuwith his company. 'Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Wilder, ofLouisville, are guests of the former'sbrother, George W. Wilder, andMrs. Wilder, in this city.Miss Stella Stephens,' of theParis High School faculty, is spending the week with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles B. Stephens, in.Mt. Sterling.Miss Maryv Louise Clendeninhas resumed her studies at theKentucky College for Women atDanville, after several weeks' vacation on account of her health.Mr. and Mrs. William Simnis,en route from New York to theirhome at Spring Station, were guestslast week of Mr. Simms' sister MissLucy Blythe Simms, on Secondstreet.Hal Brent, of Kansas City, Mo.,and Mr. and Mrs. Frank Woodall, ofCovington, spent Saturday and Sunday in Paris as guests of Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander, and Mr. and Airs.Owen L Davis.The Millersburg TwentiethCentury Club will close the year'swork Saturday with a businessmeeting. Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, oiLexington, will present to the Clubher lecture, "Kentucky," ab theprincipal feauie of the program.Edward Burke and HughBrent returned Saturday night fromWest Baden Springs, West Baden,Ind. The remainder of the Pari'jcontingent, Wm. Cooper, Clarenceat the Phoenix Hotel by the Kappa I Thomas, Dr. Raymond McMillanDelta Sigma Fraetrinty of Hamil- j and Swift Champ, returned y esterton "College. - day. N. Ford Brent, who was alsoMrs. Rea Chenowith and Miss a guest at the Springs, went on toSallie Vent, who have been patients, St. Louis on a business mission.at the Petree Sanitarium, on Vine nM, -n ; , ,m aI I I I I I I I I f IV III" ( ! V 1 I k IIUobserved at the meeting of the NorthMiddletown Women's Club, to beheld in the Club Vooms Friday:Post-Exilic History; Easter, a Sto'ryof Persian Captivity, Mrs. M. P.Gay The Return of The Remnant,Miss Mildred Collins; Foreshadowings of Christ, Rev. F. M. Tinder.The Paris Literary Club closedtheir .year's work with the meetingheld recently, when the memberswere guests of the president, Mrs.Wm. G. Talbott. Miss Lizzie Grimesin well-chosen words, told of thebreadth of etudy and the things accomplished by the Club. An allegory appropriate to the occasion,was recited by Miss Reba Lockhart.At the conclusion of the program a,soeial hour was enjoyed, and coffee,"chocolate and sandwiches were served the guests.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oTOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO. DE-Prather and Miss Princie Gaines, oftne .Little Rock Graded School, areattending the meeting of the Kentucky Educational Association inLouisville, this week.Paris friends of Col. Robert L.Slade, who has been seriously ill forseveral months, will be glad to know'hat he is on the road io recovery.Col Slade is able to resume a paft ofhis duties as Superintendent of thePythian Home at Lexington.Miss Elmeta Hinton, of Paiis,former student of Hamilton College,i was a week-end visitor at that institution. Miss Hinton was one of theguests Saturday at the banquet givenstreet, have returned to their homesin Ohio. Mrs Frank Grainger, whohas also been a patient at the sameinstitution, has returned to her homein Bellevue.Mrs. James W. Thompson, ofnear Pans, was one of the guests jSaturday afternoon at a biidge partygiven in Lexington by ' Mrs. GayStrode, in compliment of her daughter, Mrs P. E. Dixon, of BowlingGreen, who is visiting her parents.The rooms were artistically decorated with pink roses and springflowers, and a delicious supper wabserved.The junior class of the University of Kentucky entertained with adelightful dance Friday evening inthe ball room of the Phoenix Hotel.The, decorations were an electricilluminating "21" on the wail opposite the entrance door, a screen ofpalms and ferns in one corner forthe orchestra, and flags draped onthe -balcony and between the" windows. Miss Louise Connell, of Paris,was the only representative fromBourbon county present.The Lambda Lambda Chapter ofSigma Chi entertained with theirannual, dance Friday evening in Bucll Armory at University of Kentucky. The hosts are among thetnosi gallant and popular students ofthe University, and the dance was adelightful and beautiful one. Bourbon county was represented byMisses Louise Connell, Elemeta Hinton, Sue Boardman, Mary KenneyWebber, Anna Louise White; andCLABES DIVIDEND.Stockholders of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company weielendered happy Saturday by the receipt of checks representing a fourteen per cent, dividend on theirholdings in the company. Thismakes a total ol 156 per cent, paidto the stockholders since the Company's inception, ten years ago.Stockholders in the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse at thesame 'time received checks . callingfor an eighteen per cent, dividendupon their stock in the concern.AT AUCTION !Having bought property in Lexington, I will offer at publicauction onMonday, April 26, 1920, at 2 O'clock P. M.the following described property: Located on High Street, between Boone and Fifteenth, a cottage consisting of four rooms,hall and bath complete, gas and electric lights, a large frontporch and back porch. Property is in first class condition. Lot50x150 feet. Sale positive, rain or shine.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.Any one desir.ng to make a good investment will do well inlooking over this property.For further information, call onMISS LIZZIE LENIHANAdministratrix of Estate,or HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.,(apr20-2t) 'S'KMON. &, CO-Main Street, Paris, Ky.A TTBNTION-J,-vSee Our Window Display' of Splendid Values inSuits, Coats, Dresses ,- and Millinery rVAt Reduced Prices: ALSO ON DISPLAY A FINE LINE- OF-;; Curtain Goods and Draperieso'f the best patterns and just the thing for those ,who are -readyfor house cleaning.; -if":DON'T WAITBut Come Early and Get Your Pick.SIMON &, CO.Main Street, Paris, KentuckyIBIflMflMfl&jjAT AUCTION!Main Street Business House and PleasantStreet and High Street ResidencesTHURSDAY, APRIL 29th, 1920AT 2:00 O'CLOCK P. M.Main Street business house located between Seventh andEighth Streets. House has gas and electric lights. This is considered one of the hest business locations in Paris. Lot 30x130feet.i - -. .... .j. .Located on rieasant street, a residence consisting of six .rooms, two halls, bath, gas and electric lights. Lot 30x130 feet.Also on High Street next door to the traction office, a twostory, eight-rqm frame residence bath complete, gas and electric lights. A' splendid location. A nice size lot, 77x120 feet.H Home seekers and investors should take a look at the aboveproperty. . v ,TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.MRS. IVA PERRY DAVIS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents; Paris, Ky.(apr20-3t), - ... A ' r ?-(4 ,P T ii"r COLUMBIA GRAF0N0LA?The Only Non-Set Automatic Stop Talking Made. We! have them from $50 to $250. Why buy anything but thei nest.' 'NEW COLUMBIA RECORDSALWAYS IN STOCK. COME IN AND LET US PLAYTHEM FOR YOU., No. 2857. Wondering; You Can't Get Loving Where TnereAint Any Love Lewis' Jazz Band,No. 2858, Rose Room; CairoArt Hickman Orchestra. "No. 2861. Was There Ever a Pal Like You; Chloe-Burrand Jolson. i .No. 2863. All I Want is You; When the Harvest Moon isShining Lewis James.No. 2878. FnkSorry I Ain't Got It; Checkers Bert Williams. m; , - And Many Others,- JTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking-..,,..,., - -- - HK?"4jrI,atuH; m--I hfuU'iA'gjvft- "a,"Ur' .. . - T iBjISAc"Vvuit- VXv. -5XV-.--C34 S TAt 1..m 1'ij.niiii i n,. "ii in Trim-r -ti nnij i ' f" wj--"t. wwv '" jwln ".; ' WHnramimmniv-v sha";.' ?V.,Vi u'l:Kl,4f 'vasv;--- - j',1' -lijft'.? ',' -t ' Vi v , " -f: wt "? T' rv ,,,-wiiMAG190LTHE BOURBONPARIS,! KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL !, 1M0V" s'vv.;'1:11XIXIiuJ&-L.tr kV ' IIfat' it N -A, ik-112 KiiiieW- II. ni nifused last year-to KILL COLDSNILE'SCASCARAJrOUININt&OMflfcremedy for 20 yearat form safe, sure, nobreaks up a cold in 24-relieves grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. TheGenuine box has a Kedwith Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drug StarSCISSORS 150 YEARS OLDMat Switzer, of Brooklyn, Ky.,has a pair of scissors that were madein a blacksmith shop 150 years agoand have been handed down in hisfamily fiom generation to generation. They are made of the beststeel and are still often used fortrimming hair.oThe pathetic failure of most menis the direct result of an inclination to cover up their true connections. Golden State Peaches40c can 1 35c45c can 40c50c can 45c60c can 55cGood Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beanslarge size 20csmall size 15cLook for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.Three deliveries each day. Illl J-Duui piiunea.Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.IrLet UsfeJPJ&P!jkV&k Standard ccldstV opiates"ffWfck. hoursZ'VjU nk.I I ni'rii xBBWVliWy M"flI MRS. ELL.S' I! SPECIALS iI FOR THIS WEEKBusinessYour partner has a knowledge of yourbusiness and you look to him for advice andcounsel on important matters. You are entitled to all the help he can give you.Do you get a partner's help on your printedmatter? Do you get the most from the specialized knowledge which we have regardingprinting and paper, and above all the servicewhich a combination of the two can render?.' Our job department has every modern equip- fment for doing work on rush orders. Forletterheads, billheads, and all kinds of forms,we carry in stock, recommend and useMSThe Xtility Business PaperXet Us Serve You as a PartnerBOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTKiGEO. W. DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky!SiiMr' -rimiisiszrTip to the FarmerSee COLLIER BROS.About REED'S YELLOW DENT and BOONE COUNTYWHITE SEED CORN. Also VEGETABLE and FARMFERTILIZERS of all kinds.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseLEXINGTON PREPARING FORKNIGHTS TEMPLAE CONCLAVEWork on the preparation for theGrand Conclave of the Knights Templar of Kentucky, which, is to beheld in Lexington, May 18 to 20 inclusive, is progressing rapidly.Committees covering every phaseof the big meeting have been appointed and are working hard toperfect the arrangements for whichthey are responsible. In addition ageneral committee composed of thechairmen of all of the regular committees, with Commander Jess Ros-Isell as chairman, is directing thework of the general preparation.Three full days are promised thevisiting Knights and as Oleika Temple, Lexington Shrine, is planning tohold a big reception and dance forthe visitng Templars on the closingnight of the conclave to be followedby the largest ceremonial ever heldin the city the following day, Friday, May 21, it is expected thatpractically the entire number of visiting Knights Templar will remainin the city over Friday.oA few tablets of 'Tape's Diapepsin" brings relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach."Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the acidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souringand fermentation which causes theflatulence, fullness, or pain in stomach and intestines."Pape's Diapepsin" helps regulate disordered stomachs so favoriteioods can be eaten without causingdistress. Costs so little at drugstores. (adv)When you detO ?o jf oft a . qj)IHTEETJKBA1T SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANY1Be YourPartnerit-555ffgffUCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257OUR FRIEND, THE PRESS AGENT'Thanks to the war -we hav$ withus more than ever the press agent.A press agent may be defined as anewspaper man who has left his profession in ordeij to make morenoneycomposing stuff that makes life- miserable for his former associates ineditorial offices.Press agents were made duringthe war along with newly made millionaires, and now their tribe is increasing even faster than the millionaires. Newspapers were foundto be such easy suckers that a newpress agent is made every minute touse up valuable space from the unsuspecting publishers.It must be great to be a pressagent. Instead of having to buttonhis overcoat around his neck thesecold days, grab a handful of copypaper and venture into the streetsin search of news, the press agentnow sits behind a typewriter in acomfortable office and turns oul;copy from bulletins and reports senthim from the office of the thirdassistant secretary to the fourthvice-president of the company herepresents or takes notes from aconversation with the secretary ofthe "company" he works for. Nicejob, eh?There are divers kinds of pressagents, but the gents may be dividedinto two classes those who workfor a corporation and those who areemployed ' by some "movement."Nearly all the rubber companies,banks, trust companies, and railroad corporations employ men toprepare copy explaining the growth,development and policies of theirvarious organizations. This copy,needless to say, is nothing less thanadvertising, and a publisher whoprints it is as bad a business manas the shoe dealer who takes a pairof shoes from his shelf and presents them to a stockholder in anoil company.The second class of press agentsrepresent some "movement" whichaims to the upbuilding of somethingor other, securing the independenceof some little natio,n or obtainingspecial privileges for the "SocietyFor the Prevention of Somethingor Other." Copy prepared by thesepress agents is. if not advertising,pure and simple propaganda, andthe publisher who cares more aboucsecuring concessions for the Hottenots, lowering the duty on rubber heels to Armenia, or helping theRepublican party to success so thatall the politicians can get more pie,is not a business man, to cay theleast.Press agents, like all other fads,may die off some day perhaps, notuntil Irela-nd gets home rule, theGoodstone Rubber Company gelsrich, and a home is provided forrheumatic ukelele players. But until then we will probably have withus the press agent, and will have totolerate him with every incomingmail. The only solution that publishers have is that the reverse sideof their copy makes excellent scratchpaper in this reign of King H. C. L.TIRED, BODYID SOUL?Not Sick, But Still Not Yourself;t Think You Will Be BetterTo-morrow OnlyYou're NotTRY TAKING PEPTO-MANGANIt Isn't Sleep You Need, But a Goodj Tonic More Bed BloodiEveryone gets run down occasionally. Sometimes it's weeks before you get your energy, enthusiasm and happiness back again.Anydoctor will tell you to becareful in a time like this. Youibody has little power of resistance,and the danger of catching some selious disease is great. ' Temporarily,your blood has too few "fighting"corpuscles.Jt's the work of these same redcorpuscles to keep you free fromfatigue. Being constantly tired outdepressed in body and mind isalmost a sure sign that your bloodneeds help for a time.Gude's Pepto-Mangan is a standard remedy in cases of anemia (orbloodlessness.) It supplies the ironand other propeities your bloodneeds to catch up with its task ofkeeping you fiesh and alert inevery fibre.'Pepto-Mangan has the hearty endorsement of physicians, is anagreeable tonic to take, and may behad at any drug store in eitherliquid or tablet form. Both havesame medicinal value.Be sure to ask for Gude's. Thereis only one genuine Pepto-Mangan,and the name. "Gude's" should beon" the package. (adv)'We need no reminders or magnifiers of our mistakes, our mistakesare always with us, within.0To help; to lift up; to pull out;to boost; to lead on, is the work before up all.J oDid you ever go by your nativetown on a fast train and fail to geta view of it because of a cloud ofsteam irom an engine on a siamgr jSLOWft STT 1.& H B-4A&i dLi J crfj&chcs, pains, nervousness, difSzuliy in nr mating, often meanserious disord273. The world'ss?r.cisrd rarr-sdy icr kidney, liver,ya'idor and uric acid troubles'riiirr ,'."iick ie..tf&nd oil'.n vcrd off!d:.;lly i'.3earti-. Known."; tha nationalTcmcoy o( Holland for mere vhan 200years. All druggists, in three sizes.Look for ike name Go$ Mc-tlsl on cvrry Jboxand accept no imitationac sr " r2S-izr"3P'-iALL A MISTAKE; NO 10-CENTTAX ON CHICKENS.Many farmers throughout theState, and particularly their wive3,have been led into the belief thatthe last Legislature placed a tax of10 cents on each chicken. The lawpassed. at the last session, as a matter of fact, practically exemptr,chickens from taxation altogether.It provides that no tax shall be paidon the lirst twenty-five chickensowned by each family, and that onall over twenty-five the tax shall be10 cents for each one hundred dollars worth of chickens not 10 centson each chicken.The real purpose of the law is toexempt chickens from taxation altogether and to prevent the householders from being required to listtheir chickens for taxation.oaE"!"7-v. -Stops'Hair Coming Out; DoublesIts BeautyA few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can pot find a falfen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)oTIRING OF SIMS.The American people .are growingweary of the scolding which AdmiralSims and a few other malcontentofficers of high rank are giving theAmerican. Navy. The gentlemenhave now been testifying at frequentintervals for something like twomonths, and even the Republicannewspapers have taken them off 'thefirst page.The truth is, that it is part of theRepublican program to break downand discredit if they can, everything America did in the war. Thewar was on under Woodrow Wilson, and, therefore, in their partisanminds, nothing was done right.LIFT OFF CORNS!Doesn't hurt a bit and costs onlya few centsMagic! Just drop a little Freezone on that touchy corn, instantlyit stops aching-, then you lift thecorn off with the Angers. Truly!No humbug!Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn between theloes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius. (adv)-oTEUST COMPANY CAN NOT BEAN INSURANCE A0ENT .Holding that L. W. Botts, of Louisville, cannot have a license to dobusiness as ah insurance agent forthe use and benefit of the Fidelityand Columbia Trust Company ofLouisville, Insurance CommissionerRamey notjfied Botts to appear before him to show cause why thelicense issued to Botts should notbe revoked. Mr. Ramey has heldthat a corporation cannot hold alicense to be, a .fire insurance agentand therefore an individual nnnnntLild the license to do business fortne Trust Conumny.The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like Thesei49T. W.MAIN STREETmmiHflliittiiSiPBaLw$ii7mHBBbL5jBBBBBBi mi 1 1 Hll 1 1 inSliiiiAiiiLUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentuckyjgggjggggg'gggjggugggi-g-g-Spring Papering and Painting TimeLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.i Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfiedacustomers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANEHome Phone 399(tillillHussSSSiiaaSSS? iiIIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors1VITelephone No. 4IhpPThe Bourbon Laundry jjV1Paris,The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done RightElectric Irons, Chafinj?Dishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, afe and economical liecause it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLMERESPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE5gaifH-E.ia-iiiJiit3g3isas. uafia a 3aimunmMS"Iis HereBROS.PARIS, KENTUCKYJuly 1)3H2S.West Fifh StreetMfSATISFACTION 1OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundrv amiliances mand expert helpers we are JJprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Kentucky,1w4 JJ ycX-,'TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPA6ISKVSN4,IWelf&rmedf!vW -71nS'CHcr-!iWhen company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She ktiows itwilf not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities.Yo sire vies yei bay it.f Yoa saTe wkes yi use it.SPARKS BIG CIECUS COMING TOWINCHESTER.The Sparks big 3-rinir circus willexhibit in Winchester en Saturday,April 24, and Mt. Sterling, Monday,April 26, giving two performancesand inaugurating its appearancewith a splendid parade nearly twomiles in length. Every feature ofthe great exhibition will be represented in this truly remarkablepage-nt, which leaves the groundsdaily at 10:30 a. m.This season finds the Sparks Circus nearly double in size and amongthe largest tented enterprises.Among the sensational featurescrowded together in the two. andone-half hour program are theSparks Stable of shimmay dancinghorses, including Caesar, championhigh jumping horse of the world,statue horses and dogs. Ladyand three gorups of marble-liketrainers seem to predominate withthis circus and two herds of ponderous elephants, among them beingthe earth's largest monster "BibZulu," the sky-scraper elephant,who will be seen at each performance, and will be worked' entirelyby lady trainers. The daring Matoka will be seen in his front andbackward slides for life on a narrowthieadlike wire extending fiom thetop of the tent to the ground, a distance of nearly the entire length ofthe huge canvas and just for goodmeasure forty clowns will be onhand to extract the hearty laughsfrom you. Two performances willbe given, at 2 and 8 p. m. Doorswill open at 1 and 7, so that you willhave plenty of time to visit themenagerie and horse fair.B. Y. P. U. STATE CONVENTIONAT FRANKLINMOTHER!California Syrup oY Figs'Child's Best LaxativePeculiar African Rptlle.The gaboon 'viper ranges over thewhole of tropical Africa. The bodyIs exceedingly thick, stnbtailed, witha huge, spade-shaped head. Insteadof progressing In ordinary fashion,this reptile throws forward lateralloops of the body and move? alongIn an oblique direction to that Inwhich the head is pointing. A captive specimen displayed the trait ofstriking backwards.SPRINGSHOW I NOAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most harmless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oThere is more unfluctuating anddependable profit in a good namethan there is in a thousand flashesof brillincy.Tiie fifth annual convention ofthe Baptist Young People's Unionof Kentucky will be held in the auditorium of the First Baptistchurch, Franklin, Ky., April 22 to25, President J. W. Compton, ofHopkinsville, Ky., presiding.The first session will be held at8:00 o'clock on Thursday, April22. Mayor E. L. Gillespie and Hon.L. B. Finn, of Franklin, Ky., willeach deliver a short address of welcome, which will be responded toby Rev. T. L. "Wooten, of Erlanger,Ky. The principal address of theevening will be "The Contributionof the B. Y. P. U. of Our Times,"by Rev. J. W. Porter, D. D., pastorof the First Baptist church, Lexington, Ky.Three sessions will be held eachday throughout the convention.Among other speakers will be Rev.O. E. Bryan, D. D., correspondingsecretary of the Baptist State Boardof Missions; Rev. J. R. Black, StateSunday School Secretary; Rev. L.W. Doolan, D. D., Hopkinsville, Ky.;Rev. W. C. Boone, Owensboro, Ky.;Rev. E. H. Marriner, Dayton, Ky.;Rev. B. H. Lovelace, Louisville,Ky.; Rev. B. P. Robertson, D. D.,Paducah, Ky.; Rev. H. I. Hester, ofWhiteville, N. C, and Mr. R. I.Berghauser, of Nevada, Mo.All of the various phases of B. Y.P. U. work will be discussed. Mr.H. I. Hester, of Whiteville, N. C,will discuss Senior problems andMr. R. I. Berghauser, of Nevada,Mo., will discuss Junior problems.The program is replete with musicalnumbers, demonstrations, discussions and conferences by youngpeople from all over the State. Atinteivals between the sessions therewill be a number of stunts. Thispart of the program will be incharge of Mrs. Stanley Milligan, ofLexington, Ky.There will be an All-State Efficiency Banner awarded to the Juniorand Senior B. Y. P. U. having sentin to State B. Y. P. U. Secretary O.T. Black, 205 East Chestnut Street,Louisville, Ky., the highest average yearly report since the last convention. All newly organized B.Y. P. U.'s will be graded accordingly. Plans are being perfected by theBaptist churches here in this locality, as well as those all over theState, to take a large delegation tothis assemblage. The names of alldelegates who expect to attendshould be sent to Mr. Will P.Payne, Franklin, Ky., at least twoweeks before the convention.The officers of the convention are:Prof. J. W. Compton, Hopkinsville,Ky., president; W. T. Perry, Covington, Ky., first vice-president; W.P. Payne, Franklin, Ky., secondvice-president; R. L. Montgomery,Paducah, Ky., third vice-president;Mits Amy Perry, Stamping Ground,Ky., recording secretary; O. T.Black, Louisville, Ky., correspondingsecrelary; Mrs. H. R. Childress,Louisville,, Ky., treasurer; A. J.Shafer, Bellevue, Ky., chorister, andGeo. R. Jewell, Louisville, Ky., pressreporter.IX2t2T2SjHj&tLSLXsMnpzWEST BADEN SPRINGS HOTELLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyEVENINGS sS? '3 "' ' """Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house."UseGlectricitifor CigMingIt's the only satisfactory way.'Use SasTor Seating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Youl UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity in Gas.DKWadckllsPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedi woSSL yoa hare tried Dr. WtddelPsWk Remedy. Absolutely harmless Guaranteed to (ire absolute satisfaction ormoey refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourinzaevt If not write us.THE MOST BEAUTIFUL RESORT IN AMERICAThe Charm of the Great Atriumis unchanging1. In this wonderful, immense indoor garden there is rest, relaxation, never-endingdelight.Golf, Horseback Riding, Motoringin the foothills of the Cumherlands. A wealth of scenic beauty and abundant pleasures of thebig outdoors.The Sherwoodsorchestra and versatile entertainers, in daily musical features and novelty dance programs everynight.Mineral Springs and Bathsfamous for more than a century- for curative properties and for the renewalstrength.Health, Rest, Recreation, Pleasureof vitality andJ AMERICAN i(T SPRUDEL jWESTSend for Illustrated FoldersTHEBADEN SPRINGSWEST BADEN, INDIANACO.VICKSBUBG CITIZEN PBINTEDON WALL PAPER IN 1862.WITNESS AFTERWITNESSINAicmeSmitfcGroVeKyJBROOKS & NAPP,Paris, KentuckySuch Evidence Our Readers CannotDisputePrinting SafeguardsYour MoneyProtect your cash not onlywith bolts and bars and banks, but with businesslike printedforms and records for everytransaction you undertake.We can ahow you a papere ImTfPaper that betrays erasureand prevents fraudulent alteration of your checks, notes,drafta and receipts.For letterheads and generalprinted forms we use andrecommend a standard paper3KXdthat we know will give you 'satisfaction.As we take up THE NEWS weekby week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness aftor witness speaks out asMr. Bankm does here. If these people were strangers living milesaway, we might take little noticeof them. But they are not. Theyare our neighbors, living among us.Their word is too easily proven toadmit of any doubt. They speakout in the hope that their experience may be a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:'I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesI have suffered severely with kidneycomplaint. My back often painedand was lame most all the time. Thekidney secretions were too frequentin passage and greatly annoyed me.Whenever I have been this way, Ihave always found that a box ofDoan's Kidney Pills has never failedto cure me of the attack in shortorder."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Rankin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N: Y.(adv)The print paper shortage couldpossibly be surmounted by the example set by the Daily Citizen, ofVicksburg, Miss., issued July 4,1863, a copy of which has turnedup. That issue of. the Citizen wasprinted on wall paper. Very fewcopies remain extant, and the onefound at Pasadena, Calif., in thepossession of Miss Persia Schofield, asister of George Schofield, Federalsoldier, has attracted some largeoffers from souvenir purchasers. OnJuly 2, 1863, J. M. Sword, editor ofthe paper, had hardly hardly set typefor publication before the city wastaken by Union soldiers. Schofield,of the Fourth Minnesota Regiment,being a printer, walked into theshop, finished setting the type andadded news of the capture. Helooked around for paper on whchto print. None being available, hetook rolls of wall paper, ran off theedition and "placed it on thestreet."Ms&gsrWi "tefcW, if -aV M m. Vi-j Gr.TX-' A-ItjtsacaiJlOCALr!rfIIVoXWiLOCAL (tone jotAtcnCATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOTBE CUREDParis Gas & Electric Co. jewf j0, Department'World Ha& Many Lepers.Neither geography, climate, diet,heredity nor any other known influence sufficiently explains the cause,the distribution or the behavior of leprosy. There is no discovered certaincure for it, and the cases of completerecovery, if there have been such, arerare. To most American it is happilyonly a name made familiar by Biblical mention or by reports of missionaries to far-off landti ; and the estimatethat there are 2,000,000 of these hopeless sufferers in the world comes tomany people as a svrprise. RochesterPost-Expresa.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH 'REMEDYThe great benefit derived from theuse of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyhas been greatly acknowledged bymany. Mrs. Benjamin F. Blakeney,Decatur, 111., writes, "Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is by far the bestmedicine for colds and coughs wehave ever used in our family. Igave it to my children when smallfor croup and have taken it myself."By local applications, as theycannot reach the diseased portion ofthe ear. There is only one way tocure catarrhal deafness, and that isby a constitutional remedy. Catarrhal Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnesdis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts thruthe blood on the mucous surfaces ofthe system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Medicine. Circulars free. All Druggists,75cF. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio,(adv)-oRanked High in Literature."O. Henry,4' whose real name wasWilliam Sydney Porter, was born atGreensboro, N. C, in 1862. After leaving school he spent a number of yearswandering in the southern and southwestern states, and engaged in avaried journalistic career. He finallysettled in New York city, where someof his best works were written. Foisome time he was a fugitive in SouthAmerica because of nnrncial difficulties in which he became involved. Hedied .Tune 5, 1010.oBound to Do Some Good.We may scatter the seeds of courtesy and kindness around us at so little expense. Some of them will inevitably fall on good ground, and growup into benevolence in the minds ofothers ; and all of them will bear fruitof happiness in the bosom whencethey spring. Exchange.Behind Your Telephone-o 1- -t -fUnl- -lrVirTn nry vnnr wn:l CT Vfinv " -v--desk are mues ana nines ui mic, uuge tamciin the air or underground: the wondenuliyintricate mechanism oi switchboards; a complete plant plus a trained organisation oipeople whose business it is to provide for andmake your telephone service.The telephone instrument itself 13 tlifismallest part of the telephone exchange: itrepresents hardly one-tenth the investmentthe company has made to provide a line .:yovu ovn special use; Us maintenance is hpXan insignificant fraction of the cost o t.csmansgement, upkeep and operation el ti"sphst behind it.It is out representative of the plaiu andorganization behind it, all of which rnr.st beorganized, maintained and operated in rciiu-day or sight, tt serve you."When you lift your recoiver,youhave all this at your command!"At Your Service5'Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.(Incorp orated)J. J. Veateh, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.ness.,Jvwnt-,w"as -"DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatK00MS 403-404HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 138CAHAL BROS.BABBES SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons. -THE UNIVERSAL C7STRThe Ford Coupe with an electric self-startingand lighting system is one of the most popularmembers of the Ford Family. It is a permanently enclosed car, with sliding plate glasswindows an open car with plenty of shadeThen in inclement weather, enclosed and cozy,dust-proof and rain-proof. Just the car fortraveling salesmen, physicians, architects, contractors, builders, and a regular family car fortwo. Demountable rims with 3-inch tires allaround. To women it brings the convenienceand comforts of the electric with the durabilityand economy of the Ford car. Early orders willavoid long delays in delivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.:!Send That Next Job off Printing to TboBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesrtftK VJt "-vf'hy'? s?"pw , .ViV-t -.v,tm-..v1 t.'- uf,.i' Jl 3J,V.4',iVPAGE EIGHTVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAYr APRIL 20,ll2f4 . &?rIWJL?rLV-yi4 7" -. tMILLERSBURGMiss Ruth McCliniock left Mon-Jay for a several days' visit to Mrs.' J. W. Mock, at Ashland.The Missionary Class of theChristian church, will meet with-airs. B. W. Spencer, Saturday after-oonf April 24.Mrs. Adah McClintock left Sunday for a several days' visit to herpns, W. G. McClintock and BertMcClintock, at Paris.Dr. C. B. Smith is improvingaicely at Massie Memorial Hospital,Paris. Esquire E. P. Thomason isconfined to his home hy illness.Mr. J. It. Price and family, andMrs. Eva Adams, of Escondida,were guests of Mrs. Price's parents,2fr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke, Sunday.The Graded School closed Monday for the remainder of the weekaeqpimt of the teachers attendingthe State Educational Convention,at- Louisville.Mrs. Turner Perry left Sundaylor her home at Owingsville after aseveral days' visit to her mother andsisters, Mrs. Adah McClintock andJiaMghters, Miss, Ruth McClintockand Mrs. C. R. Jones.Elder Will J. Slater, of theChristian church, will begin aseries of Bible Studies in the NewTestament Wednesday evening attUie mid-week prayer service. Allmembers of the church, and especially of the Sunday School, are earnestly requested ro be present atThese meetings. The study for next"Wednesday evening will be the first:chapter of Acts. IThere will be an auto truckdisplay in Millersburg, Friday af-Ternoo-n.It is said thre will beG-wenty-tfcree trucks. They will arTive here before noon with morethan eighty people with them.Dinner will be served for them atshe Bigdon House. The display willhe given in the park in the aftersoon. While here they will do anyconvenient .hauling for any one de.'aring. These trucks are making alour of all Central Kentucky townofor the purpose of advertising andpointing out their necessity and con-venience. No one should fail to septhem.The remains of Mrs. James Conway, who died Saturday at herhome near Colville, were interred inthe Millersburg Cemetery yesterdaymorning. Mrs. Conway had been infailing health for some time, butwas thought to be improving. Shewas a daughter of the late J. MartLayson, of near Millersburg. Besides her husband she leaves severalchildren.At the Presbyterian driveThursday evening, the principal address of the evening was made oyProf. Crook, oT Center College, Danville. It was good. Judge Theobolt, who was to have made the address, was unavoidably preventedfrom coming on account of sickness.A delightful banquet preceded theaddress in the basement of thechurch. This is the third annualbanquet of the kind the church hashad. At the close of the banquet ashort address was delivered by Rev.T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Presbyterian church of Paris, after whichProf. Crooks delivered the addressof the evening. At the close of hi'3 Jaddress Mr. W. D. McTntyre tookcharge of the meeting. The sum of$2,700 had been assessed the Millersburg church in this drive. Morethan $3,200 was raised. The Millersburg church is said to be thebanner church, of its size. Itsmembership numbers about 128A few remarks were made at theclose of llie meeting by the pastor,Rev. W. W. Morton.THE ALAMO AND PARIS TiDASin n aj.:..:. Adults pi. sc w t c. III XaUUllddlU 11Alamo Afternoon Grand at NightTODAY, TUESDAYALICE BRADY-- in "Sinners"alsoRUTH ROLAND,ii "The Adventures of Ruth"and Prizma Color PictureAlamo Afternoon and EveningTomorrow, Wednesday"The Miracle of Love"Cosmo Hamilton's famous story thatstirred countless thousands when it appeared in the Cosmopolitan Magazine.Also "Topics of the Day"and Comedy, "Darn That Stocking"Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c var tax ate--if xAlamo Afternoon "and NightThursday, April 22ndConstance TalmadgeIN"The Veiled Adventure"A story of love and romance, adven"ture and thrills.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningDEATHS.' BRYAN.Following a short illness ofpneumonia, superinduced by a' severe-cold, William F. Bryan, agedabout seventjMive, one of the bestknown farmers of the county, diedFriday morning at eight o'clock atthe home of his son, Wm. T. Bryan,on Fifteenth street, in this city.Mr. Bryan, who has always been anenergatic out-of-doors man, hadbeen engaged in superintending theerection of fencing along a creek onhis place near North Middletown,i- ?lo::;;nHJUST ARRIVED!We Have Just Secured the Agency for theftfiihn PhonffraPtsl0 and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT5MilIersburg,Ky.FURNITURE UNDERTAKINGand contracted a severe cold. Hewas brought to his son's home inthis city. Pneumonia developed, resulting in his death.Mr. Bryan had been successfullyengaged in farming on his placenear North Middletown for manyyears. He was a man of pleasingand engaging personality, and enjoyed the confidence and respect ofthe entire community. He was theyoungest son of the late James H.and Amanda Johnson 'Bryan, of theNorth Middletown vicinity. He wasborn in this county in 1852. OnOctober 26, 1880, he was united inmarriage to Miss Florence Talbott,of near North Middletown. To thisunion iour children were born,three of whom are living.He is suivived by his widow, Mrs.Florence Talbott Bryan, and threechildren, Mrs. Charles Snyder, ofLouisville; Wm. T. Bryan, of Paris,and James C. Bryan, of near NorthMiddletown jv one sister, Mrs. MollieRice, of Paris, and one brother, Jas.C. Bryan, of near North Middletown;one sister, Mrs. Mollie Rice, ofParis, and one brother, Jas. C.Bryan, Sr.,- of North Middletown.The funeral was held at the homeof his ton, in this city, at threeo'clock, Saturday afternoon, withservices .conducted by Rev. FrankM. Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church. The burial followed in the family lot in theNorth Middletown Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were: Honorary R. P.Hopkins, I. T. Crouch, W. M. Jones.Wm. McCray, Ed. Talbott, JamesThomas, John Banta and H. ,C.Smith; Active-j-Logan Bryan, Jas.T. Robbins, Luther Rice, StuartHaggard, Marion Blair and HiramS. Redmon.Mr. Biyan was one of the mostprominent farmers and livestockdealers in Central Kentucky, andwas widely known as a cattle dealer, and at one time was one of thelargest mule buyers in this section.About fourteen years ago Mr. Bryansold his farm near Little Rock, purchasing the William Kerr place,he has since resided.NOTES PROM Y. M. C. A.The Boys' Social Committee at theY. M. C. A. is planning to hold agrann tournament this week in allJobby games. Tournaments will bein Cue Rociuo, Ping Pong, Checkers, Crokinole, Quoits and pool.Boys should sign up at once for thetournaments.The following tournament schedule has been arranged at the Y. M.C. A. for this week: Crokinole andCue Roque contests will be heldTuesday, April 20; Ping Pong,Wednesday, April 21; PoolThursday. April 22; Checkers, Friday, April 23. All tournaments willbe hold in the afternoon, beginningat 2 o'clock. A large entry list isalready in for the games, insuringthe success of the contests. Friendsof boys are invited to attend thecontests.PYTHIAN SISTERS INITIATE.There was a good attendance atthe recent regular meeting of thePythian Sisters, auxiliary of Rathbone Lodge, Knights of Pythias,held in the K. of P. lodge room.The team did excellent work, initiating Mrs. Maude Parker. Two applications were recieved. Therewill be six candidates for initiationat the next meeting, Thursdaynight, April 29.oEPISCOPAL LADIES TO HAVEBAZAAR SATURDAY.'The ladies of St. Peter's Episcopal church will hold a bazar in theoffice of the Paris Realty Co., Saturday morning, beginning at 9:30.They will have on sale a variety ofarticles, including edibles of themost tempting and appetizingquality. They solicit the patronageof the public.o .We Are Doing the Best WeCan to Help Reduce the H. C. L.f v'J'''''-"-''''"''NEW AUTO OWNERS.The McDonald-Gibson Co., localagents and distributors for the.Stu-dehakfv mac.hinp crl1 q Cminini a;,.: Studebaker car to J3r. S. P. Mohoney II for early delivery. 'm.m. i.'.V)' ''lTo help you we are selling Men's Suits,Hats, Shoes and Furnishings at the verylowest possible prices.You are' cordially invited to inspectour merchandise, whether wishing tobuy or not."SAVE THE DIFFERENCEFTWIN BROS.' CLOTHING ANO SHOE DEP'T.GRAND OPThree Shows Daily. Matinees 2:30.fiif ecinesay and Thursday,HOUSEmEvenings 7:00 and 9;00milllmall)ssssssecszja3mKmU&LL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietorvalues at.ringtime StylesandOxfor'hat Combine Style, Quality and EconomyPc::Ie who appreciate real shoe values always buy theirfo-aiirjcar at our store because they know that here theyfind better styles, greater assortments, and at a greatsaving in price.C nfTjiLilT.'T arm wxa mJi'MmMWwm t$tJJSMwk HBk8 m " r--! m m a m m mw tfirzrzrr-zrMtr jrr s js xxxyyyxyyx .rsr rv stftMwi " ' - mm ui Ka,aar 'NiM?ZZ&&AZ&&j Mfy!sr iSZCmmk --Bffif iy fM.X2 WB . tv ts MMwPRICES . In" ' ' 4 - LJEvftnincrc. ?Kr r fttiJ Kfo I -ov, -,v ,, .,vs 1See These Extraordinary Special ValuesLadies Sarins: Pumns 'anrl Ovf orrismedium and high heels, hand turned f "" TWsoles, in patent and glazed kid, $6.50 JWW "y fci- - a i iLadies' Spring Style Dark Tan EnglishLace Oxfords, Glazed Kid High andLow Heel Oxfords and Pumps, $7.50values at4.99EXTHA SPECIAL OFFERINGof high grade beautiful and newest style Pumps and Oxfords in tanand black leathers, a large variety of styles, 8.50 values at.$5.9Ladies Tan and Black Lace Oxfords, $5.00 valuesSpecial at. ,$3.49Men's New Spring Shoes , and Oxfords in tan. and black gun metal,$8.50 yalues. Special at$5;95Misses and Children's Spring Oxfords. English styles. Sizes 11 1-2 to 2 at $2.99Sizes 9 to 11 at $2.49"- . - f 1 mvjruwins: wins and ,d oc' t ., .Heel Pumps and Patent Strap Slip- )ipyipers, all sizes. Special at.99Men's $6.00 English and Medium Aa ftftToe Oxfords, m gun metal. Spe- VI lillBoys' and Youths' High Gradebnoes and Oxfords, 5.50 valuesall styles. Special at '$3.49Matinee Children 25c, Adults 25c.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy RcijnTOKWAR TAXV IINCLUDIzOr4)A . .r- . : eS-Vi' OT JL , ' tYAO TAV Ib.ia ir-fc--v ' ' ,jj&, - " aLT 1 '. .teJEu&Lm&fam&li- . . j., . i-:-.