Afts j i: -.?.".kS -V -r '- , "r r-, ,fc-f-V '.."., .M "1iJir .& .' "" -.SV;i ji.i L f-ATHENEWS- ? l.-t J2 '--'gfy-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY TN THE. YEAR."3.VOLUME XLs:- - ."PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1920BOURBON- ' m.tm - - l- v.""DEATHS.BOULDEN.A message Avas received by relative? in Paris, Tuesday, announcingthe death in Detroit, Mich., of HarryB Boulden, following an ijlness oftwo weeks from a complication ord.?eases. The body was brought toMillersburg, where the funeral serv:oe: well be held at the grave inrjJie Millersburg Cemetery this;running at eleven o'clock. He -issuivned by one Brother, GeorgeBoilden, of Lexington, and one sister Mi? Mollie Boulden, of De-tJO'tCOMMERCIAL CLUB CONSIDERSIMPORTANT MATTERSSANDY.The funeral of Mr. George W.Su.idy. aged r,eventy-one, "a retiredfirn.e: of Harrison county, who diedt rhe home of -his daughter, Mrs. J.V. Clifford, on the Georgetown pike,mr this city, was held Tuesday af-'ioon, at the Sifnrise Mathodist-Iiurch, in Harrison county. Serviceswe cop ducted by Rev. W. F. Wyatt.The interment followed in the Sunk?p Cemetery.Mr. Sandy fell about two weekszc. nd fractured his Wp, from the'ffects of which he never recovered.He is survived by his widow, whovas before her marriage Miss SelenaArnold, one daughter, Mrs. J. W.Clifford, of near Paris, and one son,0 L. Sandy, of Harrison county,RICE.-The funeral of Mis. HarveyRice, aged seventy-nine, who wasinstantly killed Saturday in an automobile accident near Lexington, washeld Tuesday afternoon at the family home in Maysville. Services wereconducted by Rev. Dr. John Barbour,pasior of the Presbyterian church,and Rev. J. TV. Loos, pastor of theMaysille Christian church. The interment followed in the MaysvilleCemetery.Mrs. Rice was ttie grandmother oMrs. Garrttt Jefferson, and Mrs.Maiia Worthington Blake, both ofParis, and the mother of CountJudge Williaor. H. Rice, of Masoncounty. She was active in agricultuie business despite her age. Shewas the mother of sixteen childrennine of whom survive. A family reunion had been held at the home ofMrs. Nellie Stevenson, at whichtwenty-five members of the Stevenson family had gathered. Mrs. Ricleft Maysville about two weeks agoto be in attendance, Mrs. Stevensonbeing her daughter.oPAY YOURGAS ANDBILLS.ELECTRICA blue sky committee to protectlocal investore'from wildcat stockschemes will be appointed by JohnT. Collins, president of theParisCommercial Club, within the nextfew days, it was announced at ameeting of the directors of tlxe Clubheld Wednesday -night, at the Boui-bon-AgriculturalBank and Trust Co.The committee will also serve to passon schemes of solicitors and advertisers, and all members of the Clubwill require the sanction of the committee on such schemes before subscribing to them.The meeting of the directors wascalled primarily for a conference withWilliajn E. Hacker, secretary-manager,who ai rived a few days ago.The directors discussed organizationplans and it was decided to proceedas rapidly at possible with the program of organization. Mr. Collinsappointed directors for the three departments as follows: OrganizationAffairs, Ed. Gorey; Public Affairs.John J. Williams; Business Affairs,M. P. Collier Mr. Gorey will ap-LTEUT. LOT D. YOUNG'S ADDRESSTO "ORPHAN BRIGADE."CITY KEGISmATION PUTS CRIMP IEX. MARCH KILLED IN LEXINGxiv JXXJXUJ5JUIUAJMDLieut. Lot D. Young,of Paris, The fond hopes of the managers ofollow nfn!hnVh.e mst sallant ?e RP"Wn campaign in this cityfollower of ihe daring Confederate If or rolling un a maloritv i th J... . w W0chieftain. General John Hunt Morgan, in the many memorable engagements during the Civil War, in whichthe Orphan Brigade participated, delivered a notable address to themembers of the organization, atXalapa Farpi.-on Friday during thereunion. Lieut. Young's address wasan eloquent effort, delivered withthe impressiveness due to the occasion. The address is publishednerewitn in full:istration carried out Tuesday suffert-u a severe crimp, when the Democrats pulled out victors to the tune of815 majority. Through the effortsof the women, and due to their heartylesporse to the appeals of rhe Democratic campaign .managers and thelocal press not to fail to register, thevictoryXias achieved over what for atime threatened to assume seriouspropositions.TON BY. GEO. ROSE.ARELIGIOUS.fcWTho rflictt! 1 1--"Old Comrades, Ladies and Gen- .H fiTuE dg." rsiiciiieu. i r ,.., .t- r . . ,. . i jl nuumu. KVHii i nrmo Tvnnm it no.ithanking ,my friend, Mr. Wil- heAn mnfidHv o,i r, t, -hlR VPrv floHopinn. n,1 ! Ul. ,. . P"UH,ICU UJf IUCIVB-,.j imiigimg xuu. DiiDiinanK- "wmilrt 7ir1 m v'liam forcomplimentary introduction to themembers of my own household andmy own people."And while not accustomed totalking in public, yei by reason ofthe sacred name of 'Old Orphan' andthe privilege? sometimes accordedthat name I have nc apologies tooner ror attempting to talk beforonc lequirca. especially since wesee that material for speech-making,or anything else forpoint chairmtn for committees on en- this audience, nor do I believe anytertainm&nt, publicity, nnances anamembership within the next day ortwo.The organization of the departments of public and business affairswill await the tabulation of the referenda, which have been mailed tothe entire membership asking wh?.tprojects, in their opinion, the Commercial Club should undertake. Mr.Hacker is mailing letters to the membership urging the immediate return of these referenda in order that'the organi?ation work can proceedimmediately.A membership (meeting will be called within the next eight or ten days,and at this time it is expected thfull program of work, based on thereferendum, will be announced. Ifis planned to provide some excellentfeatures of entertainment at thi:meeting, as well as to hold a discussion of civic problems.The directors at their meetingWednesday night considered the matter of securing permanent quarters,but arrived at no definite conclusion.Mr. Collins appointed John J. Williams and C K. Thomas as a committee to locate a suitable office. Arrangements have been made-wherebythe Club v-ill use a portion of theRed Cross office in the First NationalBank buildinS temporarily.oin poli-tices," came bravely to the differentpolling pjaces and exercised theirnewly-agired right cf suffrage. Andwhen th'fe&t became generallyknown that the colored women of thecity had been swarming to the polls,there was a still heartier response.The women laid aside their work -andwent to the polls for registration.It was estimated tht at leastninety per cent, of the women ofParis were registered Tuesdav ntll'it too t-tm.ii .i.i . .. ."'ui nmiibi. I p5T oivtw ncv nonr vcinitann(r it;.. ii.. , ,. . ' I - o uw.ij u.i viiii. n-sioicuus iix""' -"c im:ivs ui uiese uiu urDon't forget that the 10th of thomonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bill and save the ijegular discount. Pay to-day donot put it off it saves us trouble&nd saves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.CITY TAXES DUE. PAY UPNOW!The city tax lists have beenturned over to me for collection. Your taxes are now dueand payable. Call and settlesame promptly at my office atthe Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(octl-tf)KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS,iEarly Fall ShowinotSuits ;Coats"-; DressesSkirtsFail Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaists' ' ' ' 'i Just Receivedf" -.FRANK & CO.Z5 . . LADIES' OUTFITTERS .J --phans' has at last become very limited. And looking over this assemblage of old veterans we look Invain for many familiar faces whosepresence forty or fifty years ago furnished such good cheer, comradeshipand inspiration upon occasions ofthis kind and whose absence today tells of the mutability of timeand the uncertainties cf life. Butthank God there are still a few of U3left to renew recollections of comradeship and recount some of thethrilling and exciting experiences ofthe past. These few familiar facesand the memory of those who fell inthe bloody 'jonflict, whose voicesecho from the shores of eternity, arcsuggestive of the associations of almost 60 years ago, and stirs withinthe memory and heart, recollectionsof the most perilous and excitingtimes in our country's history. Wewere then making history, we areto, and in a sense as it were, reviewing that ftistory. nut whatshall I say upon this occasion relative to that history and to these peiilous and exciting times, and to whatshall I refer? Shall I attempt to refer in detail to the many interestingand exciting incidents, terriblescenes, hardships and dangers,which makes the history of this immortal little band 'The Orphan Brigade?' I fear xo attempt this wouldmean failure for want of time andability and to refer to any particular incident would doubtless be uninteresting to this audience as wellas unsatisfactory to myself. Therefore, I shpll indulge for a few moments only, in a rambling and disconnected way a few thoughis and,recollect'ons illustrative of theseperilous and exciting times. And byreason of pny inexperience in matters of Ihie kind, I shall appeal tothe charity of of my audience to excuse or overlook, whatever of failure1 may make to interest or entertainthem."The history of this little bandof Kentuckians has been so often referred to and so ably and eloquently described, by soldiers, historiansand statesmen, that it would be presumption in me to even attempt arepetition of its history or add toits renown. But somehow, in somemysterious and inexplicable way,the subject and the occasion appealsto jmy feelings and pride and I cannot refrain from making the attempt, ludicrous as it anpear to myself. And it is to the more somberand pathetic phase of the subjectrather than the tragic and historic,that I sh'all devote the few momentsof time that propriety would seemto suggest."Who, but the old, the very old.of this audience, composed largelyas it is of the sons and daughtersof those who lived in the days ofthe rebellion, as some would say, canremember the anguish of the partingscenes of those dreadful times, thelast goodbye spoken, the last affectionate kiss, upon the cheek of thedear boy by the loving mother ordevoted sister, and the turningaway in sorrow with misgivings ofthe old father, as the last farewell.were being spoken? Who, but theold, can remember with what anxiety, fear and dread, every item ofnews from the theater of war, fropithe 'front, as we old soldiers wouldsay, was awaited and how anxiousthese old mothers and fathers wereregarding the fate of their boys;information from whom at any moment, might bring the sad, thedreadful -news, that the dear one hadfallen? But, who could comfort andconsole the bleeding heart of thedear old mother, when she receivedthe sad, the dreadful message thp.ther dear boy was numbered apnongthe slain, and upon whosex manlyform her eyes would never again(Continued on Page 7)othe early hours of the morning.About 95 per cent, of the coloredwoman registered, according to thestatement made Wednesday night bya local campaign manager. The firstvoter to register at any place in thecity was Mrs. Nannie Ransdall, ofPleasant street, now in her eightythird year The registration figures were as follows: Total registration. 3,552; Democratic, 2,172; Republican 1,357; Independent, 21;Socialists, 3. Democratic majority,815. These figures indicate a -nrgain over the combined October registration in 1919, of 1,957, indicating that fully as many 'omen registered Tuesday as did men. The-registrationby precincts follows:Precincts. Dem.No. 1 l238No. 2 308No. 3 304No. 4 316No. 5 289No.6 213No. 7 185No. 8 71No. 9 131No. 10 117ATotal 2172 1357 21In Lexington yesterday afternoonConstable George Rose shot E. I. ;'March, prominent furniture dealer, 1 --The teachers of the junior Defour times through" the head. March g31'1!114 of the Christian Chun"was taken to St. Joseph Hospital, fhurchparlo" iScfffiSiiiwhere he died at 4:40 o'clock. Rose. Plffht to the mothers of tte SSffiSaafter the shooting, walked quietly to ' m V?clsses'' AI1 the mother arpolice headquarters, where he snrren-1 " ?& SESaffiSdered himself, and was lodged in a I gf the Presbyterian church will mecell. The shooting took place in the I ? howVV the usual hoBitling Apartments, on South Broad- jt'SS? LSt. Vway, where March made his home. Iien Scott- A large attendance itBose refused to make a statement SJ?631?" es.ld as..this te BHynr -l. . ,. , - ' uay. Avery interesting nrorsriMarch was indicted ahout two! has been arranged. PSeiiflt endeavor Society of thrChristian church will met inj church parlors at 6:30 p. im. Sunday.w j--, -cnuie verses xnat Help.'Leader, Miss Nancy Deaver. Thregular meeting of the Wbmans Society will be hehi Tuesday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock, in the church parlors. All the members are urged toue present.vrraalrr . T- J.1wtCA? u oy uie grana jury oncharges made by Mary MargaretBose, daughter of Thomas Bose. deceased, her mother now heing Mrs.B. B. Tucker. The girl, who is fourteen years old, alleged that Marchhad assaulted her when she went intohis office in response to a call from j The sixth annual meeting of theRep. Ind.61 553 112386 496 536 3148 1274 2178302WILL FINALLY PROBATEDThe will of Cdl. John Cunningham, a veteran of the Mexican amiCivil wars, and one of Bourboncounty's representative citizens ahalf-century ago, was admitted toprobate in the County Court in Paris,Monday. The document was datedSeptember 19, 1889, a few monthsprior to the death of testator. Itbequeaths all of his personal, mixeda;nd real property to his widow, Mrs.Lavinia Cunningham, who surviveshim.o iFir, Wind and Lightninglimiranct;Thomas, Woodford & BryanWith the special , registration,which will follow, it is predictedthat the Democratic majoriiy in thecity will be much larger. It isknown that a number of white menand women, who were unable toleach the polls Tuesday on accountof absence from the city or sickness,ure Demociats, and will register assuch.The Democratic workers, bothmen and women, extend to the womenof Paris their thanks for their response to the call for rounding upwhat will be a safe and the largestDemocratic majority that has everbeen given to the Democratic causein this city. It is predicted that thewomen all oer the county will onelection day respond to the call justthe same as did those m the city onregistration day, and that the goodold county of Bourbon will in November carry the banner for the largest majority in its history.Two Pleasant street women, onea Democrat, the other a Republican, Iwere discussing the merits of thei.-lespective parties. Finally the Democratic wopnen asked the Republicanneighbor if she knew what the difference was between the Republicanand Democratic parties. The lady otHarding tendency could not guess orsolve the problem, when the Democratic woman enlightened her by saying: "Why, its the difference between black and white."Many amusing things happenedwhen political workers escorted registrants to the polling places. Oneenthusiastic Democratic worker, awell-known newspaper man, escorted a young lady 1o Precinct No. 5,at the court house, under the impression that she was a new recrui"fnr nmofiraev. On arrival she an.nowiced herself as a Republican, herfather, a close friend of the newspaper man, being one of the Republican registration officers. A Republionn worker who had been busy"getting out the vote," called to aneighbor, a w ell-known merchant,and escorted him, together with hiswife mnther-in-law and a friend, tothe registration booth in No. 2 precinct with the consciousness 01 a.job well done. They all registeredas Democrats, and that particularRepublican worker was nearly "guyed to death" by his associates.Two colored ,men were discussingthe result of the registration m alocal restaurant Wednesday morning.Referring to the wife of a promirent Democratic worker, who hadtaken an active part in the dayswork, one asked, "Who is this Mrs.T who done so much goodwork for the Democrats r lil Iinformed he remarked: "Well, san. jshe shorely did bring home the bacon 1 or tne jueuiuv;i.io.postoffice lobby two Democrats weretalking over the registration fagureswhen a colored man standing nearby said: "Scuse me, white folks. Idoon want to butt in you-alls talk,but vou suttingly did (made themRepublican politicians look cheapyestiddy.". -oLET.' LEVY DO, ITWhv buv a new Tall suit? I canmake -that last winter's suit look likunew-. LEVY. THE DRY CLEAHER. ''.Soct-tf) - ?him, staling; that he had a positiontor Her. The girl is a granddaughterof the man who did the shooting-.-t.50IS ere curreilt in Lexingtonthat March had sought to effect acompromise of the charges by offeringsettlement on a basis of $25,000The details of the alleged assaultwere not given publicity.BOUHBON HSCAL COURT.The October term of Bourbon Fiscal court convened in the CountyCourt room yesterday, County JudreGeorge Batterton presiding, and'afull Board of Justices present.A large number of claims againstthe county were allowed and orderedpaid. Joseph Godman was re-electedKeeper of the County Infirpiary atthe same salary as heretofore. Dr.Arthur Plummer was re-elected Livestock Inspector at the same salarv.Magistrates Turner, Stephenson andBurris were appointed a committee toinvestigate the Cumberland Telephone Co.'s rates in this city andcounty. Magistrates Thomason,Shropshire and County Attorney D.D. Cline were .appointed a committeeto make settlement with County Superintendent of Schools Caywood.The following physicians were appointed to take over the pauper practice of the county with the followingsalaries: Paris Drs. Keller, Pariesand Kiser $500, divided; Millersburg Drs. Boxley, Calhoun andDailey, $200, divided; Little RockDrs. P. L. McClure and B F. McClure, $100; North. Middlet&wn Drs.L. R. Henry and G. A. Cook, $150;Clintonville Dr. Hart, $100; Hutchison Dr. Wm. Kenney, $100; Centerville Dr. Elmer Swetnam, $100;Raddles Mills Drs. George L.Rankin and H. B. Anderson, $100;L. Rankin and H. B. Anderson, $100;County Infirmary Dr. Bruce Smith,$200.jxiiuegrass baptist Young Peoples'Union began nt the Baptisi churchy"" wj, .yeaieruay morning, alarge number of delegates from allthe surrounding- towns being present and taking part in the proceed-ings. The mcrning program comprised inspirational music; welcoming address by Rev. Arthur Fox, of.rans, response by Rev. Gordon R.Crawford, special music, sermon byRev. Shearer, and in the afternoon "'inspirational music, devotional exer-Icises conducted by jmembers of thex-ans 5. y. jf. 17., addresses by members of the Central Kentucky Unions,special music, address by Rev. Dr.Ragland,. Georgetown Juniors' pro- 'gram, frolic with the Paris Union,special music and an address by Rev.Dr. Ecton. The meeting will continue thorugh to-day, with anotherinteresting program.MAYOR STARTS WAR ON ALLEGED GAMBLING DEVICESCHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR Sunday Bible School, 9:30:Moining worship, 10:45 a. m.; Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.; Evening"Worship, 7:30 p. m. Tuesday Wbmans' Society, 2:30 p. m. Wednesday Prayer Meeting, 7:3C p. m.Thursday Party for Junior Mothers,7:00 p. m. Friday Choir Practice,.7:00 p. m.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. -The Church. Attendance Ther- !.mometer has been installed" aT tols"""""church for use during the Octobercampaign for church attendance.This chart shows the nupiber of people in the house and also the number in attendance for the past Sundays of the month. The congregation is urged to make an effort toleach the goal of three hundred andfifty several times during the month.Come and bring some one with you.Subjects, Sunday morning, "Tle FiveSides of a Square House;" Sundaynight, "Gambling." Sunday School9:45 a. m.. Christian Endeavor 6:45p. m., preaching 10:55 a. m. and 7:30p. jm. Rev. T. S. Smylie, Pastor.Acting on instructions issued fromthe officf of Mayor E. B. January,Chief of Police Fred Link yesterdayserved notices on all persons in thecity who have been operating punchboards ad slot machines, to appearin Court this morning and answeito charges to be preferred againstthem of maintaining and operatingsuch machines.In the order the Mayor stated, "Iam advised that not only the personwho suffers these gambling devices ontheir premises, but also the personwho owns, sets thejm up or reaps anybenefit from their operation areguilty' of violation of the KentuckyStatutes."PURCHASERS OF BUICKS WILLGET REDUCTIONS IF ANYARE MADEGET OUT THAT WINTER SUIT.I have the facilities right here athome for all kinds of dry cleaning.I can make that old suit or overcoatlook like new.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-tf)i.The following telegram has beenreceived by the C. S. Ball Garage:Buicks have no intention ofchanging he list price establishedfor the season of nineteen twentyoue. . Bat in the event of any unexpected reductions of labor and material affecting the cost and iustification of lowering of the prices ofBnick cars prior to May 1, 1921,they will refund to every purchase!during ihat period the amount ofsuch reductions.LEYMAN-BUICK CO.NEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.Get the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They will saveyour gas bill.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.o-HOME ECONOMICS CLASS TOHAVE EDIBLES SALEA sale of edibles will be held in theoffice of The Paris Realty Co., onMain street, to-morrow, beginning atten o'clock. Included in the salewill be a variety of good things toeat, all of which will be placed atvery reasonable selling prices. Thesale will be in charge of a bevy ofParis High School girls. The proceeds derived from the sale will bedevoted to school purposes. Theyoung ladies ask the patronage ofthe public, with the assurance thatevery pnrcharer will get full valuefor every cent invested. Call at theplace of salej to-morrow and make selections to help out your Sunday dinner, and. help a worthy cause.VMOONSHINE CONFISCATED ,For some time rumors have copie tothe county authorities of the operations of an alleged bootlegger in thcNorth Middletown precinct, his headquarters, it was thought, being onthe Xalapa Firm. Trans were laidat different times, but in some wayme proposed victim of the sleuthsieceived warnings in time to be conspicious by his absence.Last Sunday Deputy Sheriff Robt.M. Gilkey made a descent on thefarm, and after a search, located thesource of supply. He secured fourquarts and one pint of moonshinewhich had been secreted in a shackawaiting purchasers. The liquor wasconfiscated and brought to Paris,where it will be held as "evidence."A search for the bootlegger failed toproduce results, as he had disap-"Feared. Sheriff Gilkey was told hehad gone to the mountains for another supply of moonshine. The officers will give him a surprise on hisreturn. The man, according to laborers on the farm, is not employedthere.vDISTINGUISHED LECTURERTHE Y.,X. C: A.ATDr. Winfield Scott Hall, one of tkomost distinguished men on the Amer-ioan lecture platform of to-day, delivered two addresses in the Y. M. O.A. gymnasium, in this city last nightrto large and interesting audiences.Dr. Hall, who is one of the foremost speakers in the country on thesubject of sex hygenie and kindredmatters, spoke in the Y gymnasiumat seven o'clock, to a large delegation of students from the Paris High.School, taking for his theme, "TheMaking Of An Athlete." At eightroclock, at the same place he addressed a gathering of men on thesubject, "Efficient Manhood." Dr.Hall is a former instructor of Mr. C.B. Harrison, the Y. M. C. A. geseral :secretary,, and the men of tke cKyand county were fortunate imdeed, tohave a a opportunity of haric-it-1Vi.-2 P'T l""i - V ,, ,- "f v,"9 ' h"x-''j;.v1 .ft '-'' tw.:- i-Vr?vP AGE TWOTHR BOURBON - NEWS, VPARIS, KENTUCKY'1FRiBAX, OCTOBER 8, 1920.bourbon farming conditionsOwe Their Health ToLydia E. Pinkhani's Vegetable Compound overshadowingindeed is the success of this great medicine. Compared "withit, all other medicines for women's ills seem to be experiments.Why is it so successful ? Simply because of its sterling worthTor over forty years it has had no equal. "Women for twogenerr lions have depended upon it with confidence.Thousm&s of Their Letters are on our files, whichprove these statements to he facts, not mere boasting.Here Are Two Sample Letters :Mother and Daughter Helped.Middleburg, Pa. 'I am glad jto state that Lydia E. Finkham'sY-egetableCompounddidmemuchood when I was 35 years old. Iy: run down withf emaletroublemd was not able to do-anything,could not walk for a year andcould not work. I had treatmentirom. a physician but did not gain.1 read in the papers and booksHvjt Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and decided totry it. The first few bottles gavetie relief and I kept on using itc ii'A I got better and was able todiaywcii. Tha Vegetable Com-p-jun.1 sIsd reu' a tedn:y daughter"rhen shs was 15 years old. I canreeomiiend Ve-e tabic Compoundce the best ireVicine I have everfed."-Mrs. V. Yergiir, It. S,isc is .uc toman.:isHt oil tt ml & wJ&E J 5j jv5j3iU3as '.Fall River, Mass. "Threeyears ago I gave birth to a littlegirl and after she was born I didnot pick up well. I doctored fortwomonths and my condition remained the same. One day oneof your little books was left atmy door and my husband suggested that I try a bottle of LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I started it immediatelyand I felt better and could eatbetter after the first bottle, andI continued taking it for sometime. Last year I gave birth toa baby boy and had a much easiertime as I took the VegetableCompoundf or four monthsbef orebaby came. 0 n getting up I hadno pains like I had before, and nodizziness, and in two weeks feltabout. as well as ever." $Irs.Thoiias Wilkinson, 353 Columbia Street, Fall River, Mass.Who Insists Upon HavingThe weather has been very favorable in Bourbon county during thepast week, more for the maturing ofcrops than for the growth' A verylight frost acted as a stimulant tothe late corn and tobacco to hastenthe process of ripening before a realkilling frost comes".Cutting corn, filling' silos andcleaning up remnants of the tobaccocrop are keeping farmers busy.. Ten.per cent, of the lobacco crop is uncut. Despite the drouth, the wet spell,the rust, wildfire and storms theBourbon county yield, will be at leastup to Uie average. The best corniI crop in tne nisiory oi me.county is being put into tne snosthis week. As soon as the corn cropis in and the tobacco crop out of theway, the attentionof the farmerswill be turned to the seeding of nextyear's wheat crop. Very little wheathas been sown yet. A large ryecrop has been put out, mostly forfall pastures, and as a cover crop.Pastures continue to .be the best everknown at this time oi the year.Laborers are (making $4 and $5per day and board stripping tobacco.Hundreds ol stocK nogs are ueuisfed .on new corn for meat and ship-'ping purposes. There are no shipI ments of fat cattle reported. Lambsare scarce. The cattle market is off.Farmers are paying 35c and 40cJ per shock for cutting corn, the scale(of prices fixed by the Form Bureau,i oFree CindersCall at Ice Factory forcinders you want free asthey lasf.PARIS ICE MFG.ail thelong asCO.JKor Sale.For SaleLumber For SaleOne 1917 Model Ford Sedan.. One 1918 Model Ford Sedan', DemountabJe Rims.One 1917 Ford Coupe.One 1919 Ford Touring Car, self- etc.starter; demountable rims; coratires, and Duplex bodya bargain.One 1919 Overland Touring Car,fine shape, and several others.R. C. RUGGLES MOTOR CO.We have "about 4,000 feet, moreor less, of luinber for sale, wreckagefrom, lumber shed, consisting ofdimension lumber, boxing, sheatin?Will sell, the lot for $80.00.JAS. M. TEMPLIN,At Mrs. Templin's Paint Store(10-tf)A sixy-inch roll-top onicc desk. A jgood bargain for immediate sale. Tr.- 'quire of THE BOURBON NEWS.2Clerk WantedFeathers For Sale.We want at once an experienceagrocery clerk. Call in person. iNEW FARMBUEEAUFIELDPAPER IN! The "Farm Bureau Advocate," the1 organ of the Christian County FarmI Bureau, has just made its bow to thepublic. And a precocious youngster; it is. The "Advocate" is a four! page paper, chock full of Farm BuI rtau news and interesting readingi for the farmers of its locality. Busi iness men of Christian county haveI seei the wisdom of patronizing thepaper and as a result there are manys well-written and well-displayed ad1 -vertisefments. Editorially and typo'giaphically, the "Advocate" is equal, to any county bureau pper published in this, or i.ny other State. -LOSTTHE PARAKEET MINERAL WAOn the CHntonville pike yester- j TER & GROCERY CO.,day, a tire and rim from a Ford auto. Cor. Tenth and Mam Streets,Reward for letur-n tc the Sheriff's j 17-tf) Paris, Ky.office, Bourbon County Court House,Paris, Ky. (af)j A large mattress of feathers for'sale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.New FirmTaxi Cab ServiceWELDINGAUTO REPAIRING ANDWhen you-want taxi cab servioe: j ERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGIN& & RICHARD,We have formed a Pi-rtnershinunder tbe firm name of Paynter &' Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blaiksmitlimg, woodworking and horseshoeing businessjat the old Curtis stand, in EastGET- 1aris- We know our businessi luuiuugiuy a.nu invue juui j.u.ixon-anv hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428".THE PARIS TAXI 'CO.,(24-tf) . 710 Main Street.I & ,$? Si-tfKs"--hi AA i & ft V I A fl KLH; -m e m t3 9 ni !yl3'ijwffBBStPBJBBBgPianos, Players and Talkingi Machinesj If you are contemplating buying' a Piano, Player or Cabinet TalkingMachine, don't fail to see us before"buyii'g.! We have a fine line of highJ grade instruments at very low prices,j Also have fine Upright Piano,mahogany case and Edison Talking! Machine with 50 "records, taken inexchange on one of our highly rec' omjmended Player Pianos. We alsodo tuning and repairing.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,J. B. GEIS, Representative.(aug6-tf-F)r-'M fEOICINE CO.. LYNN.MAShA-a-jsiissaKOMLsaaMi2&RD VOTES TO SUY "OLD KENTUCKY HOME."SOME GOOD COMES FROM WORLDWAR.'The sun shines bright,In my old Kentucky home. "Sines inmiortal in song and storyssxxik into a fuller appreciation' tesday, when, with the sun beaiu-me. down beneficently upon thewfSgrfaal "Old Kentucky Home" at' Ifeierar Hill, near Bardstown, rraiission createa at the last ses-of the Legislature to arransre- ,or the purchase of the historic oldMMMier authorized its chairman tovecspt the option price of $50,000:&Ecrby the present owner.T?ie commission met at Bardstowiaswfi voted unaaimously to take upt3: option which would have exjlfired on Novepnber 1. In behalf of stc State, members of the commis- jntm will arrange to underwrite the ,Slial payment on the old home, an- 'aoance its action at the next session Jathe General 'Assembly, and recomC3i3 that that body appropriate theNiseis necessary to consummate th 'gwsrchase and an additional sum for jfvochtenance. If this is done the.wson wealth will come into for- j'waB. yoesession of the famous old jlawestead, all of the furniture iniMose and 235 acres of ground thac Jjmtkes up the estate.Members of the "Old Kentucky27ome" commission ar: Arch H. PulWmr Bardstown; Judge Robert W. 'Mmzhapn, Young E. Allison, A. T. ,3tert, Louisville: Harry Giovanolli, :33dngton. and Mrs. Clement.IFkOTch, Maysville. iv For many years the "Old Ken-;.irrky Home" has been a niecca for j-fcmrists and while the grounds have j-aivatys been open to visitors, fullapJjrtciation m of the wonderful old jhomestead was impossible owing to jje restrictions which private owncship necessarily imposed.Federal Hill is now owned by Mrs. ;Mfctfge Rowan Frost, who, for many ,jrs, has lived in the manor attend- i,-4 fcy a, few faithful servants. She 'm- tke daughter of John Rowan, vho jIteiflt the house in 1795. The estate jBus- never J)een marked in a way tcattract tourists, being entirely se- Jwened from vievr by a dense wood--3utd where, according: to a woman jwriter, "luxuriuat undergrowth and iKying vines seqm tropical in their.?ndance and where the original jttnsion of the famous song reveah?Ac soft touch of time and age."" The manor is reached by turning-i tie left at the court house inXaidstown, down hill, cross bridge, jmrtt to right and up to Federal Hill,n-here one may glimpse the scenes jifatt inspired Foster to write theJWic-song that seems destined to livea long as tho commonwealth shalloMrs. Abagail Wilton, an Amerin woman, has sung "Lead KindlyUght," S0000 times in public."i - O 1 . .Aiewkind of concrete .permits rmil to fee hammered into-.For Sale50 head of home-raised ewes,ranging in age from yearlings tofour-year oldsSWEENEY 1SGRIG.Route 6, Paris, Ky,(3t-pd) Phone 4 44.7Farms For SaleAddressing an audience of Louisville women, Mrs. . Desha Breckinridge, who has just returned from atrip to Geneva, asserted that thei-'ehas been only one good thing born"That is the League of NaUonM.' S!!1 earl3r-said Mrs. Breckinridge, whose husband is editor of the Lexington Herald, "It is the duty of every womanio rally to its support."We have a big list of farms allkinds, sizes, prices and terms.., Write or call for this big list. Makmaiana .biasI You WelcomeWM. E. OGLE AGENCY,Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot) CThere are nearly 200 toy factoriesin the United States.HOHST 3&CKwithout question if Hunt Slfails in the treatment of Eczema,Tetter. Ringworm, Itch, etcDon't become discouraged hecause other treatments failedHunt's Snlve has relieved hundreds of such caes. You can'tlose on our Money HackGuarantee. Try it at our ritkTODAY. Price 75c atFor Sale byL. OBERDORFER,Druggist,tLASTEXCURSIONCincinnati. O.and returnvia$2.35 L. & N. $2.35Sunday, Oct. 10, 1920Special train will leave -Paris ar8:20 a. m., returning, will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ci'.y Time. .For further informa-Paris, Ky. tion, consult Local Ticket Agent.Bourbon County FarmAt Austion on the premises on the Peacock Pike, one mile fiom Paris,Ky., on NFriday, Oct. 8, at 10:30 A.In order to sett'e the estate, we will sell on the above date for SirsJohn J. McCUntock and Mrs. Lou P.Umer thofr splendid farm of 322acres, divided into two tracts and then as a whole, as folldws: -TRACT NO. 1 Consisting of 14 acres and improvements; fiveroom cottage, two stock bains, 10-acre lobacco b.un and other necessaryout-buildings This tract of land contains" 140 acres in old blue grassod, fifty acres of which is virgin .r,il, 35 acres in cultivation and 45acres sown to clover and blue grass. This farm is well watefed withsprings and pools and has an abundance of locust timber to keep thfarm under fencing for a generation to come. This is a rare opportunity to get a farm that has lain in grass for many ye;rs; cattle andother live stock haVe grazed and been fed upon it until it is rich invirgin soil fertility and will be a meat money maker for the buyer.TRACT NO 2 Contains 108 acres of unimproved land. It is nearlvall rich, boltom land lying on the waters of Stoner Creek and is novready for the plow for Ihe cultivation of any crop desired. It is all ingrass and rich in fertility and will grow anything from tobacco ondown. It can't be beat. These two tracts of land comprising the wholeare thecream of Bourbon's best and most productive soil. A study ofthis farm will demonstrate and prcve all we have. said.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.Harris, Speakes & HarrisReal Estate Dealers, Pans, Ky., or J. D. McClintoek,, we take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective buyers.Offices Fanners and Traders Bank Building...Cumberland Phone 450 ' nw ptiatic sqa' "CollQcdrogc D. iSpmkes. Auctioneer S'L 6. HarnsBiisinesr. Manwr128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)i age, guaranteeing best workmanfjship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STR OTHER PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.i (octl,tf) '5ffi&?SSOt?&m2&&f''""jTftTidrrI . . - ,'-' Z?yzSv' 9 bbImMHwM Wrir mW SbbH 1bbK.J1 B. wKvB ilVnJK.$?&&.2&i&4WUK&!a&tXHB .,. ' ..S?i, w viib)(Ma1feSm!listdBaaBaP'SBBBBBHcow&MBiBBBBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB9BBBBBBBBBaHBBHBBBBBBBBBntwjayfcjfai!jaPWBaBBBaMBaBBBBBBaaBBBBBBBBBBBaapBBBBBB''"laiBMBWBlWaMaWBBWBWBWBBMBaW 'ftf- Ms ' ....!,. .wMAPLE LAWN STOCK FARMAt AuctionrSaturday, October 9th10 O'CLOCK219.1 ACRES IN BOURBON COUNTY(Known as the P. J. Millett Farm)In the VERY HEART OF THE BLUE GRASS, 3V2 miles from Paris, on two pikes, the Jack-tovn pike and the Tarr Station pike, 1 mile from Federal Highway Lexington & Maysville pike 1mile tc railroad station, 1 mile to schools ; only 4 miles (from Millersburg with its nne Military Academy and Female College. No better location in the State of Kentucky, for this is the "Garden Spot."NHAS BEEN USED FOR YEARS AS STOCK FARMSoil is extraordinary fertile. Just look at the growing crops and you will see that it has produced the finest tobacco in Bourbon county this year, and the other" crops will convince you that this isNEXTRAORDINARY LAND. 45 acres in corn, 30 acres in tobacco, the tobacco land was broken out ofold blue grass sod, 20 acres of wheat stubble sown to blue grass and clover, balance in timothy, clovermeadow and blue grass sod. Gently rolling and not a foot of waste land.IMPROVEMENTS Beautiful T)riek Colonial house of 10 rooms, large halls, hath room, spacious front porch and two back porches, has built in china closets, folding doors between reception roomand dining room, splendid basement ; hot water furnace, Delco Electric Lights handlome electric lightfixtures water works, presses in all the rooms; has been newly papered throughout. This charmingold house of appealing simplicity has a five-acre lawn running to pike, shaded by stately walnut, sugar,elmv ash and oak trees, with macadam drive from pike 'to house. In its picturesque setting it is indeeda SHOW PLACE OF BOURBON COUNTY. Homes like this axe not and cannot be built these days, andthey are seldom ever offered for sale. AN UNPARALLELED OPPORTUNITY. Look at this wonderfulHomestead and you will realize it. All we say is "COME AND SEE.",Garage, ice house, numerous, convenient and well-built out-buildings; .225 barrel steel crib, 3brand new tobacco barns, will hold 24 acres of tobacco, 2 dandy stock barns and a 300-ton tile siloeverlasting water, four pools fed hy springs ; cistern at dwelling-; 3 tenant houses located at convenientplaces on the farm with water at each. An abundance of fruit grapes, cherries, peaches, psars -andapples. v t 'An ideal place to live, in a community of cordial cultured and refined people, within easy access to the city of Paris, with its fine railroad and interurban connections, good stores rood marketsand splendid schools. . --Swinebroad in the last twenty months has sold over three million dollars worth of real estate' and has never offered to the buyers a better proposition of finer land or a more desirable home. ItwiU plea the most fastidious. . tThe farm will be sub-divided: a 25 acre tract, a 50 aci? tract, and either 75 acres, 100 acres,125 acres or 150 acres can he. pvichased with the improvements, or aU of it, as the purchaser desires!We ALWAYS SELL to suit the purchaser, Some improvements on each tract which will be offered- AN ABSOLUTE SALE, without reserve, by-bid or limit.A Square Deal to everybody. y , v 1TERMS EAStf Possession January 1. 1921 .Look over the fann, or call oV write for photographic views of same. We will be glad to showyou.For further particulars see the owner. Mr. Newton Bishop at the farm, or W. E. Moss or R. H.Dever. at my Danville oflices. or W. A. Dickerson of Geo. Swinebroad, at my Lancaster offices oSWINEBROAD,The Real Estate Man - -' ., ' V.BOLIVAR BOND & SONS. AuctioneerLancaster, Ky..,.,(2&4t).-A,-V-,-,.s.f ,.KXt&-FRIDAY," OCTOBER 8, 1920.r,V sTHE BOUKBOK NEWS, FRIS, KENTUCSTWillThat great strength of mind andbody ifcat cxhaustles, energy, thatIRON WILL that make a faJomerchant out of a humble clerk,KxIhoaa.re out of a penaHefis immicrant, a Lincoln out of a wood-c.-cpper-cf:c3come from red bloadrich in iron.'?rLiVU -acU porrcr of decision,S55J' aa staaina7 Are yourambidons greater than, yourstrength? You, need noYbe Iic :ours, cd, cars Dr. James Sullivan,formerly cf Bellevue Hospital (Outdoor Dept.), New York, and Westchester County Hospital. "By feeding the blood pure organic ironusated Iron many a wcalc, rundown, discouraged man has changedto a red-blooded American, full offorce and energy that ivin success."ltusated Iron is used and endorsedby former United States Senatorsand Members of Congress, and bysuch world-known men as Pader-cwsjq, ex-rremier of Poland.crtcn increases strength and en-auraaco in. two weeks time.ItXATED IRONUsed By Over 4,000,000 People forRed Blood, Strength and EnduranceHall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are In a "run down" condition will notice that Catarrh bothersthem much more than when they are ingcod health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, .It is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditionsHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney Co., Toledo, Ohio,. (adv-sept)John Smith Named New England.The name of New England wascoined by Capt. John Smith of Pocahontas fame, one of the founders ofthe Virginia colony. In 1614 he explored and mapped the northern coast,then called North Virginia, and renamed It New England. The chartergranted the Mayflower Pilgrims adopted the name used in Smith's map several years before.Crutcher & Starks 'Clothesan investment in good appearancet-jlrf -c! 1-" j&r:ijs ?Lightweight O'Coatsthe most useful garment ,in your wardrobeCOOL evenings, cloudy weather, onauto trips and in traveling every manfinds frequent and satisfactory use for alight weight overcoat. iIt is always handy, always ready forservice for any emergency. A good oneusually lasts several seasons. We're showing a large variety; hundreds of coats ofthe world's most famous makes.A$22 to 65.00fRUTCHERiSTARKSGranville ft.Burfon 6 SonsLouisville The Metropolis of KentuckyAKER WASTED MONEYFOR 6 LONG YEARSWouldn't Give The Good Teniae DidHim For All Money InThe World"If I had only known about Tanlac sooner I could have saved myselfyears of suffering and many a dollarbesides," declared Eber Aker, of 335Sixth Avenue, South Charleston, W.Va. ""I tried for six years," continuedMr. Aker," to get relief from achronic case of indigestion, but nothing did me one bit of good until 1took Tanlac. There is -no telling howmuch money my indigestion cost me,counting what I spent on medicinesand the tipne I lost from work, butit was a good big sum, and I wouldnot swap 5hat a few bottles of Tanlac has done for me for all themoney I spent before I found it."There was always a feeling likea lump of lead in the pit of my stomach. I had hardly any appetite andthe little I did eat disagreed with meand caused sour gas to form on mystomach, bloating me up so tight Icould scarcely breathe, and at timessuch sharp pains went through 5013chest that I thought each breathwould be my last."I suffered terribly with dizzyspells, spots came before my eyes andI couldn't stand up. I was so nervous I couldn't get a good night'ssleep and I never knew one daywhether 01 not I was going to beable to work the next. I was so weakand felt so bad all the time that Iwas beginning to lose all hope ofever getting better."A friend of mine in Huntingtonrecommended Tanlac to me, saying ithad relieved him entirely of his indigestion, so I got a bottle and after the 'first few doses I began tofeel better By the time I finishedmy second bottle my appetite was asbig as it ever was and I could eatanything and as (much as I wantedwithout a sign of indigestion."I kept right on taking it andnow I never miss a day from mywork, and I not o-nly feel betterthan I ever thought I could,but have gained twenty pounds inweight beside.". My friend did me agreat kindness and I hope my statement will influence others m to takethis medicine."Tanlac is sold in Poris at the People's Phaimacy. (adv)oPotato growers of the UnitedStates are paying out $15,000,000 ayear for Paris green to protect thenplants from the potato bug.RUPTURE EXPERTSeeley, Famous In This Specialty;Called To Lexington.F. H. Seeley, of Chicago and Philaedlphia, the noted truss expert, will !-, personally be at the Phoenix Hoteland will remain in Lexington. Monrday only, October ll. Mr. Seelev. UV.XilU.I..LV UUIC1U Will .not only retain any case of rupture I jjjperfectly, but contracts the openingin 10 days on the average case. Be- I vmg a vast' ad van cement over all former methods exemplifying instantaneous effects, immediately appreciable and withstanding anystrain or position. - This intrumentreceived the only award in Englandand in Spain producing results without surgery, injections, medicaltreatment or prescriptions. Mr.Seeley has documents from the United States Government, Washington,B. C, for inspection. All charitycases without charge, or if any interested call, he will be glad to showsame without charge or fit them ifdesired. Business demands prever-tstopping at any other place m thissection.P. S; Evei-y statement, -in thisnotice has "been verified oefore theFederal and State Courts. F. H.Seeley,!Sggg' i ' i mt t ' -I wni f wn f jc rv..t. . wmi - 2IJi Continuous Showingof Jfail and ainter- JtpparelNew Arrivals DailySuits-!lxix:iIXIIXtlI1.136New box models and smartly belted suits show manyan original touch in trimmings of fur and braid. Thefavored materials are tricotine, duvexyn and veldine and 'our wide range of colors and styles is worthy of yourclose attention.txMotion pictures have been madeup to a speed of 15,000 a secondwith a camera and lens invented bya French' scientist.m.Jt C r fKt r 1JWKL-V sswikH S 1V459f $1"ItUASggrf.viss-a. T II'm-V&R Ks easy to wash :my hair now j"Wildroot Liquid Snampoo iseasy and pleasar1: to use and itdoesn't make my hair brittle theway ordinary scap doer."My scalp feels better end my 5hair ha3 stopped coming out." H2Sj6LJS.5 DwmITSold end Quz-zniezd by "Brooks & Snapp Drug CoWillisntemTop Coats and WrapsLuxuriously soft and becoming are these new wraps 'jthat completely envelope the figure. They're fashionedfrom bolivia, duvetyn, peach blossom and other new materialsfur trimmed and beautifully lined. 'DressesThe new dresses are indeed things of beauty withgraceful long liaes and trimmings of embroidery, braidsand gay little vests. Many show the new redingoe noteand smartly draped side lines, while others are severelyplain.We Invite Your InspectionWolf, Wile Co.Lexington, KentuckyixIXIXsMiSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work: Right PricesMSlenderizingthe Full FigureIf yoa are of ncavy or mediumbuild you will find thatANNOUNCING NEW PRICESOf Studebaker Cars, Effective October 1stmmiwill give you coinfort and atrim graceful figure.Of especial appeal to the largewoman is the strong belt webbing over the abdomen andthe reinforced back and hiplines. Rengo Corsets growold gracefully." Youth, beauty and charm are coming halfway to meet you. The Rengois scientifically made for fullfigured women.Rengo Corsets arc economically priced from $3 to $10Frank & Co.fflNEW:PTflfcE OLbRICE 1SPECIAL SIX TOURING- , ...$1880SPECIAL SIX TWO-PASSENGER ROADSTER. !7. 1880SPECIAL SIX FOUR-PASSENGER ROADSTER ' 1880SPECIAL. SIX COUPE . :1 2825SPECIAL SDC SEDAN 2975BIG SIX TOURING .-..'..'. .7..:... 2200LIGHT SIX TOURING CAR 1650PRICES DELIVERED IN PARIS$21002100 ?21003050 t31501650 IvAll Studebaker Models are Cord Equipped.Ask for Demonstration, as Immediatelivery Can Be MadeGIBSON MOTORBoth Phones 294CO. I9t?"-Iv-At CitizensGaragt IM29-1vir'Ci-u i . " f I v y , . i4W .- -' , JLKsCCv!rW-i -vr v '' v VV j'r w. V ," 'V 4"" -v Y- u.- ff- - -4FAGlimTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'- TKIDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1920.EASTERN STAR TRIP POSTPOKED. LODGE NOTES.BOURBON COUNTY PARM 0E 322ACRES AT AUCTION n ,iiiSome Good ThingsFor TomorrowAt the recent (meeting of BourbonLodge, I. O. 0. F., the initatory degree was conferred on ReynoldsBuckler and Boone Williams " wasgiven the Third Degiee.Bourbon Lodge members withabout with about 125 member yet tosend in their pledges. Give to theEndowment Fund and make theHome safe for all time.ft9ftftftftftft'ftMembers of the Lexington Chapter,-Order of the Eestern Star, who wereinvited to put on &orae work for theParis Chapter, Thursday evening',did not make the trip, on account otillness in the family of one of theParis officers. No time has been setfor the trip, as it is not known whenthe Paris Chapter will be ready.The Jno. J. McClintock and Mrs.Lou Palmer farm will be sold atauction on October 8, at 10:30 p. mRead ad in another column.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(28-td)iiSaturday.ii -w.-rX"Fall in Line and March with theCrowds to theARMY GOODS SALEJUST ARRIVED THURSDAY MORNING$20,000.00 U. S. Army GoodsTHAT HAVE NEVER BEEN OPENED FROM CASESEXTRA SPECIALS Read Over These Prices, ThenVisit Us.IPORK CHOPSper pound.45cCOUNTRY BACONper pound33cSpecials For Tomorrow, Saturday200 Men's High-grade Union. Suits,' 36 to 44 $1.75New TJ. S. Army Woolen Shirtsand Drawers, all sizes . . . .$1.95J.New TJ. S. Army Ribbed Shirtsand Drawers, all sizes at. .950Reclaimed U. S. Army Shirtsand Drawers, at 95cNew U. S. Army MarchingShoes, all sizes, at $6.95New U. S. Officers' Cordovanv Shoes, all sizes, at $7.45New lot U. S. Army ReclaimedRussett Shoes $3.45New lot TJ. S. Army ReclaimedHobnail and MarchingShoes, at $2.95.New Red Cross Pajamas, won'tlast long, at, a suit .... $2.95New U. S. fine light weightCassimere Hose, at per pair 50cNew Heavy TJ. S. Army WoolKhaki Socks, at 25cNew Heavy TJ. S. Army WoolSocks, at 25cNew U. S. Army Khaki WoolGloves, at QfcNew TJ. S. Army Rain Coats, at. $9,95New TJ. S. Army Officer's ExtraHeavy Rain Coats, at. . . .$12.95Reclaimed TJ. S. Army HeavyOvercoats, at $10.95One lot Reclaimed TJ. S. ArmyExtra Heavy Rain Coats. $2.95New TJ. S. Army O. D. BJank-ets, extra large $6.95New TJ. S. Army Wool Overcoating Blankets $4.95Reclaimed TJ. S. Army O. D.Pants and Coats, at $1.95New TJ. S. Army Extra HeavySweaters, Khaki color. . . .$1.95. . ew U. S. Army O. D. Shirts,all sizes $4.95New TJ. S. Army O. D. Shirtsall sizes $3.45Reclaimed TJ. S. Army Shirts,all sizes $1.95P. S. Army Canvas Leggins,per pair 35cU'. S. Army Wrapped Leggins,per pair $1.00New TJ. S. Army Officer's . .Leather Leggins, at ...... .$7.45New TJ. S. Army Extra Heavywater-proof Wagon Covers, 12x15 $18.00Store Open During Week 7:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.Saturdays 7:00 A. M. to 11:00 P. M.SEND US YOUR MAILORDERS IF YOU CANNOTATTEND OUR SALESMoney orders or certified checks must accompany all orders.Merchandise not satisfactory, we will refund your money.SPECIAL DISCOUNTS TO MERCHANTSWHOLESALE AND RETAILPARIS SALVAGE CO.Look for the Big Red FlagDow BuildingYour Heating Problem SolvedREMEMBER LAST WINTER'S DISCOMFORTPrepare Now for Heating Your Home with Gas andForget About the Scarcity of High Priced CoalYou can enjoy Pure, Clean, Healthy and Economical Heatby installing in your Furnace, Steam or Hot Water Boiler aBarber Patented Gas BurnerFor Arificial or Natural Gas2$-i& hi fi , - '-- ; ; -,? -5Tr? 1 fc'Wsww $OUR GUARANTEEBarber Patented Gas Burners are guaranteed tofurnish an average heat of 70 degrees Fahrenheit inZero weather, upon gas pressure of one ounce andfurther to remain burning upon atmospheric pressure, if properly installed and instructions are carefully followed.THE CLEVELAND GAS BURNER & APPLIANCE CO.3707 Supelor Avenue Cleveland, OhioJV.Jri..A demonstration will convince you that your total heating cost will be far lessby using a Barber Patented Gas Burner than with High Priced Coal.Barber Patented Gas Burners can be installed in any domestic heating applianceand will give you the full value of every heat unit in the gas consumed there isno loss. Can be removed in a few moments if the gas pressure is shut off.Will remain Burning on atmospheric pressure, supplies seventy degrees heat onone ounce gas pressure in zero weather and cannot backfire.SEE A DEMONSTRATION OF THE BARBER BURNERJOHN MERRINGER626 Main Street, Pars, KyiWHOLE HAMper poundPURE HOG LARDper pound43c27ciALL STEAKSper poundPOTATOESper peck. ..38c50cEvery day is bargain day with us. Wei cater tothe working man's trade. We believe in live and letlive methods.The Parrakeet Mineral Waterand Grocery Company922 Main StreetParis, Kentucky!EXTRA TROUSERSWith Your Fall Suit or OvercoatGet two pairs trousers with your- Fall suit and youwon't have to discard a good coat after a few months'wear. The extra pair will make your suit wear longer,and when you stop and consider that the Superior WoolenMills givesTHE EXTRA PAIR FREEyour saving is reckoned in dollars and cents' besides thelonger wear from your suit.$30, $35, $40 up to $65Every garment tailored to your individual measure"tailored from the same goods as the suit tailored to give"you satisfaction in fit, looks and service.Be at the Hotel Windsor October 11-12-13 and haveyour measure taken for a Fall, "suit with extra trousersFREE!- 'i.'.'AAfTit j&?..tSuperior Woolen MillsHeadquarters, Louisville, Ky.Branch No. 16, Paris, Ky. Branch No. 18, Winchester, Ky.Branch No. 17, Richmond, Ky. Branch No. 19, Mt. Stirling, Ky.IftIb . t$'' ..4w C fc - "s.-t '-" N-- .c W- -.i" n"- VFRIDAY, OCTOBER 8,- 1920?4 JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KfcNTUCK?ftkCJBITVBSSrJL- a SOCIALFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHIGH QUALITY SEEDS .We have in stock highestquality Timothy Seed, 39 1-2Purity. Also Northern GrownSeed Rye. Our prices areright.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(ocil-tf)oPRUIT JABS, ALL KINDSWe have plenty of fruit jars of allsizes. Order now while we havethem,(it) C. P. COOK & CO.oBOURBON COUNTY FARM OF 322.4CRES AT AUCTIONAim PERSONAL.comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The John J. McClintock and Mrs.Lou Palmor farm, will be sold at.auction on October 8, at 10:30 p. m.Rtad ad in another column. -HARRIS,SPEAKES & HARRIS.or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(2S-td)oHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUETO MEET.The Bourbon County Health andWelfare Leag-.ie will hold their regular monthly meeting in the CountyCourt room, in the court house, onThursday afternoon, October 14, at2.30 o'clock. Election of officers toterve for the ensuing term will bea feature. A full attendance of themembership is urged.oU. D. C. TO ELECT NEW OFFICERSTO-MORROW.Officers to serve for the ensuingterm will be elected at the meetingof Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, to beheld to-morrow afternoon aT 2:30o'clock, in the Confederate room inthe court house. Other importantbusiness will come up for consideration. All the members are urged tobe in attendance. i. "". o-.s' LET LEVY DO ITWhy buymake thatlike new.LEVY,(5oct-ti)a new Fall shit ? I canlast winter's ?uit lookTHE DRY CLEANER.CALLS SPECIAL MEETING BGURBON CIRCUIT COURTA notice posttd according-to law,at the court house dooi yesterdaystated that a special term of thePourbon Circuit Court had been called by Circuit Judge Robert L. Stout,to be held here on October 18- Thespecial term will be for the purposeof taking up any matters -in connection with suits pending against th;directors of the Geoge AlexanderState Bank.THEELLIS TEA ROOM GAININGPOPULARITYThe Ellis Tea Room is becomingmore popular every day thiough thefact that the public is being servedsatisfactory meals at reasonableprice. If you have not taken a mealthere caJl to-day and youu will become a regular patron. (tf)oTOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)FINED FOR OPERATINGWITHOUT LICENSEAUTOIn Police Court, Judge ErnestMartin i-ssessed fines of $13.80 eachagainst David Reese and Robt. Whitaker, both of Cynthiana. The menere placed under arrest by Patrolman Robert Lusk on a charge of operating an automobile withoutlicense. It was claimed they hadhad manufactured a crude licensefrom a piece of cardboard, whichbore the number 8050. This provedlhe licer.pe number of a touring carowned by a Lexington man. Thelien pad their fines and were released from custody.A GREAT FARM OF 322 ACRES ITWO TRACTS AT AUCTIONRead particulars in advertisement-n this issue of the J. J. McClintockand Lou Palmer sale of 322 acrefarpn on the Peacock Pike. Salestarts at 1030 a. m., October 8th."Viil be sold in two tracts on thepremises. See.HARRIS, SPEAKES fi- HARRIS,or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(2S-td)oSCHOOLS HOLD PIE SUPPERA pie and box supper given lastiight at the Colville school, realizedi' neat sum, which was donated tothe fund being raised for the benefit of the Children's Home Society,at Louisville. Mrs. J. A. Bowles,teacher, and her pupils, thank thepublic for their generous patronageon this occasion.A box supper will be given tonight in the Clay's Cross RoadsSchool, near Paric. The proceed?will be devoted to the fund beingraised for a school library. MissJane Leach, teacher, and the pupils:of the school extend a cordial invitation to the public to attend, prom"teing an enjoyable time tc all whoattend.A box supper -will be given tomorrow night, in the Ruddles Millschool house, of wiicb. Ifias OsaLowe is teacher.- Everybody welcome. Come early fead stay late.t,n"irSr' Geors W' AlllS0n as re-Lh,? m a ViSit to datives inLincoln county.HoTQnrHnE' If1T4l0mas has gone toVnrll ' Ark-' t0 take treatmenttor rheumatism.BaAfttJiaj puu spuauj oi iisiapseupaAl u 9TufesBoi -Busarr--PrtTro,SLU?a. WiSSins has return-V.m South Charleston, Ohio.Miss yjallette McClintock hasSJp?1?10180' t0 enter Hle Univerter t Cag0' for the fal1 and win-. ;Df- Stern, of Huntington. WestVirginia is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Charles C. Goldstein, on Higginavenue. &Airs. Mamie Remington Parrishhas returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs. William Howard, Sr inRichmond.i 7'S' P Mohney and familylelt Wednesday morning for a twoweeks' visit to friends and relativesin Kansas nnri nvinTir.roM.rs- rest Eyer, of Milwaukee,Wis., is a guest of her sister Mrs.Julian Prank, and Mr. Frank, at theircountry home near Paris.Tho fall meeting of the K. T. K.B. A. at the Lexington track thidweek is being extensively patronizedby Paris and Bourbon people.uine rurner, a member of theU. S. Navy forces, is here from Newport News; Virginia, on a furloughvisit to his mother, Mrs. J. M. Turner.Mis. Evan Lloyd, of Nashville.Tenn.. and daughter, Mrs. C. O. Pickett, of Omaha, Nebraska, are guestsat the home of Mrs. William B. Woodford, near Paris.Col. and Mrs. C. F. Drake havereturned to their home in BoiseCity, Idaho, after a visit to the former's sister, Mrs. Katie Bryan, inParis.Mr. and Mrs. John Kennedyand Mr. and Mrs. William Edwardsrnd sons, have returned to theirhome in Berry, after a visit to Mrs.Kate Kinder, and son, Thcs. Butler,in this city.Dr. George L. Rankin, of Shawhan, who was operated on at theMassie Memoiial Hospital, in thiscity some days ago, for gallstones, isrecovering nicely, much to lhe gratification of his numerous friends andlelatives.Stanhope Wiedemann and N. B.jMoss, returned Tuesday night from aprospecting tour of the region surrounding Alberta, Canada. Theypronounced that part of the Dominiona great place, but that they stillheld to the opinion thai Kentuckywas the garden spot of the world.Robert Mclntyre, son of the lateJoseph Mclntyre. and nephew of Mrs.Nannie Ransdall, of Paris, was aguest of his aunt Wednesday. He hasTor several years been a resident ofRushville, Indiana. He is in Kentucky for his annual visit to the trotsin Lexington.Miss Irene Br&.mblett left Monday morning for Boston, Mass., toenter Leland Powers School of Ex--pression.She was accompanied byher uncle. J. R. Farmer, who, withber. will visit Washington, NewYork, and other points of interest.Mr. Farmer will spend most of hisvacation in New York, and will alsoattend the world series.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Murer entertained recently with a dining attheir home on East Main street, inLexington. Mrs. Maurer was assisted in entertaining by her sister, MissMary Winn. The guests were Mrs.Oakford Hinton, Miss Elizabeth Hinton. Mr. and Mrs. James McClure,of Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Rufus Lisle.Mr. W. P. Winn, of Winchester, andCol. Hemy Whitehead, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. L, R. Bramble ttentertained Sunday with a deliciousfour-course dinner in honor of theirdaughter. Miss Irene, who left Monday for Boston, where she will attend Leland Powers School of Expression. Those who enjoyed thedinner were: Miss Gladys Farmer,Miss Elizabeth Rule, Norman Soper.Joe Farmer. Cecil Arnold and Leonard Fitzwater, the latter of Cynthiana. .There was a brilliant gatheringat Masonic Temple, Wednesday afternoon to attend the opening meeting of the Womens' Club of the city.Many visitors from out-of-town wereprent. Dr. Frank L. McVey, president of the University of Kentucky,delivered an inspiring address orti10 t?:?nnnsihilities of Citizenship,very appropriate in view of the recentgranting of the surtrage rrancmae wwomen. A business and social progiam followed.NOi ICE TO THE PUBLICA similarity of name in an advertisement published in a local papersqme days ago has caused the familyof Carlie O. Wilmoth a great deal ofannoyance and embarrassment. Theadvertiser was C. O. Wiimot. ana nutCarley O. Wilmoth. We desire to correct the impression that this advertisement gave, and to acquaint thepublic with the fact.MRS. S. M. WILMOTH,MRS. ROBT. GOGGIN,CARLIE O. WILMOTH.OCTOBER PROGRAM FORWOMAN CLUBS.THEThe program ,as issued for themonth is in neat folder form as follows: OFFICERS Mrs. Owen . Davis,President; Mrs. W. G. Talbott,First Vice-President; Mrs. WadeWhitley, Second Vice-President; MrsTom Allen, y Third Vice-President:Miss Alildred Collins, ' CorrespondingSecretary; Mrs. Geo. Stuart, Recording Secretary; Mrs. Gharles Goldstein, Treasurer; Mrs. F. P. Lowry,Auditor., Community Service Department,Miss Lucy Simms, Chairman, presents a Course in Citizenship.1 Wednesday, October 6, 192C,2:30 p. m. Address, What Is Citizenship? President Frank L. McVey,University of Kentucky.2 Wednesday, October 13, 1920,2:30 p. m. The Citizen's Duty inCity and County, Dr. Edward Tuthill, University of Kentucky.3 Wednesday, October 20, 1920,2:30 p. m. The Significance of Political Parties, Dr. Edward Tuthill.4 Wednesday, October 27, 1920.2:30 p. m. (t) Plan and Purpose ofthe Ballot, Dr, Edward Tuthill. (b)Demonstration Qf Voting and Discussion of Voting Problems, lead bya representative from the CountyClerk's Office, Bourbon County.5The Slump is HereSPECIAL. NOON-DAY MEAL ANDSIX O'CLOCK DINNER.On Sunday we will serve a specialdinnei at noon and at six o'clock.These meals will be especially prepared and home-cooked. All the delicacies of the season will be served.Sandwiches and hot chocolate servedevery day.THE ELLIS TEA ROOM.For RentFurnished house of four rooms.Possession given at once.CARL CRAWFORDv(It) Pleasant Street.For SaleOne Oakland roadster. Price ?300.Call atRUGGLES MOTOR CO.,Bank Row, Paris, Ky.(8-tf)FoundOn floor of covered bridge nearParis jail, a 38-caliber revolvei.Owner can obtain same by provingproperty and paying charges.NadineFor the Toilet Complete!I knew about it while in New York and havebought my stock at the very low prices. I am now in"a position to save you money at my Selling Out Sale.A Beautiful Line of Suits and CoatsIn the very latest models and fashions at prices that areastonishingly low.A beautiful line ofSuits atnew and up-to-date$39.50, $49.50, $69.50Beautiful models at$75.00 and $98.50Our Coats are very pretty this seasonand we have reduced them in price soall may buy and save money. We havethem at$22.50, $29.50, $35.00, $39.50,$49.50, $55.00, $59.50, $65.00,$69.50 and up to $200.00A beautiful line of Plush Coats at'$29.50, $37.50, $39.50, $45.00,$49.50, $65.00AOMSpecials For Friday and SaturdayOne line of Dresses worth up to $69.50, while they last, at $19" 75We have pretty Rain Coats at very low prices.$15.00, $16.50, $17.50, $19.50 and up to $45.00LOW PRICES ON THE FOLLOWINGHope Cotton reduced to 29c yd.All 50c Outing reduced to 35c yd-Our very best Percale at 35c yd.Apron Gingham reduced to 25c yd.50c Dress Gingham at 29c yd.Special i Prices on Comforts andBlankets.One lot of $5.00 Blankets now...$2.9S pr.LADIES' AND MISSES' UNDERWEAR ATVERY LOW PRICES.A LOOK IS ALL WE ASKi I $RRYSIMONKENTUCKYPARIS,wElTo make milady more LeautifuJNadine has created six toilet prerarations They are Nadine's gifts to (lovely wqmen, to meet every toiletrequirement.Millions of discriminating womenhave learned the old, old secrets ofendearing loveliness from Nadine.And, if you wish, you too, can learnthese secrets.NADINE PREPARATIONSTruly a dainty vision of loveliness and pleasing fragrance:Nadine Talcum 30cNadine Face Powder 60cNadine. Plesh Soap 30cNadine Rouge 50cEgyptian Cream 60cNadinola Cream 60This Cold SnapReminds You Very Forcibly ofR. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.EELD'S FALL FOOTWEAR FOUFASHIONABLE FOLKS SEEWINDOW DISPLAYFeld's fall shoes for men, womenand children please, the purchaser.They are stylish and wear most satisfactorily. Take a look in the windows. ' (Boct-tf)'GET OUT THAT WINTER SUITI have the facilities right here athome for all kinds of dry cleaningI can make that old suit or overcoat look like new.trEYY, THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-1f) ' ,A hatthat willlightenyour pocketbook tothe extentof onlyFiveDollarscan be hadhere in ourWool StitchedHats in manycolors.Light onyour headas well.I IAVAMm -nIf it comesfrom Decvisii is ridhtUz)$ 'v,1l,"v ifColumbiaGrafanolasare the only TalkingMachines that areequipped with aNon-SetAutomatic StopWhy not buy the best?ColumbiaRecordsin all the latest musical and novelty records.BLANKETSANDCOMFORTSWe have an exceptional good showingof both at most reasonable prices. Maywe have the pleasure of showing you?oSEE OUR WINDOWSFor the Newest Things inLiving Room Furnitureand Floor LampsOUR PRICES ARE RIGHTTHE J. T. HINTOJV CO!UPARIS, KENTUCKYFiTiirDDUAkir ?C PAKIb. IVtNIUUrVY SIXTH AMH mmj(uini.nri.wM v -w tvm.iMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach-Undertaking ,I LINE OF DRESSES AT VERY LOW PRICES., JL3s4HiJmikrt -V-.Vit--..,a.1 r3rfH VVe -.Aftfc Stt-v vMNLT, OCTOBMt 1, 1S20.11 ipi ii -v ,-' 3C1-V.VIX.vZ'flr-tWHAT you losevv thru, baking failuremust be added to bakingcosts it has to be paid for.Calumet Baking Powderwill save you all of that Because when you usa it there areno failures no looses. Every baking is sweet ar;d palatable andstays moist, tender and delicious tothe last tasty bite.That's a bis savingbutthat isn't all. You save whenyou buy Calumet and you savewhen you use it.Itis reasonable in cost andpossesses more than the ordinary leavening strength. You payless and use less. You get the mostin purity, dependability and wholesomeness. In every way it is the bestway to keep down baking costs. Thatis what has made it the world's biggest selling baking powder haskeptit the favorite of millions of housewives for more than thirty years.Good wholesome bakings can bemade only of good materials, noother way, so use only good bakingpowder and good plain flour (notself -rising flour).ElCalumetSunshine CaleV2 cupcups flour, 1 cupwater, 2 levelteaspoons Calumet BakingPowder, 1 teaspoon lemon,yolks of 9 eggs.Thfn mi in thregularBROWN AND OX-BLOODSHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINES SAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALU2 PACKAGESAlso PASTES and LIQUIDS for Black, Tan and White ShoesTHE F. F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD.. BUFFALO. N.'Y.GEO. W.- DA VIFUNERAL DSRnCTORIVSofcor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NSGHT299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.?EVERYTHINGFor Men and Boys to WearNow is the time to gfet your newoutfit. Our assortment of stylesand patterns is at its best Everystyle that's correct is here. Everyman will find just the patternshe wants.Men's Suitsin the new Browns, Blues andFancy Mixtures$25.00 upRaincoats and Topcoats$7.50 upShirts in all materials and patterns. New Neckwear, Fall Underwear and don't- forget, acomplete line of Shoes."SAVE THE DIFFERENCE'TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorG&0D PRICES KEAUZED AT SALE, OF TROTTERS,vFifty-three head of trctters andpacers sold for a total of $14,125an average of $250, on the first dayof the annual auction of the Kentucky Sales Company,' in Lexington.The top price of the morning- salewas hmisrhi hv fi-nv "Hall, a vearlirforcolt by Guy Axworthy, out of Bessie jHall, by Walnut Hall, which wasbought by F. J. Burks and Son, Ipswich, Mich. The highest price of thenight sale vas$775, which J. O. McAllister paid for the 2-year-old pacing filly, Gertrude Gosset.Better prices were realized at thesecond day's auction, when 74 headof trotters were sold for $63,565, anaverage' of $858.98 per head. Theworld's champion trotter, PeterVolo. the star of the sale, was takendown' with a reserve bid of $38,000.The last bid was $30,000, which wat;made by R. L. Nash. The contenderwas J. D. Grover, of Georgetown,Ky. With Peter Volo out the average was slightly over $350.The highest-priced brood mare wasClara Scott, for which H. E. Scott,of Omaha,. Neb., paid $1,800. ClaraScott is a daughter of San Franciscoand Jenny Scott 2:14.The following purchases were madeby Bourbon county men: Brino Harvester Ur m, The Harvester BrineBelle by Ballast, B. J. Alkamde,$100; May Todd, br m, Todd TheMay Fern by Red Fern, R. S. Holland, Paris. $50"0; Miss Crystal Eva,b jin, Peter The Great Eva Onwardby Onward, John Howell, Paris,$500; Flora McKevron, ch m. JohnA. McKerron Grandiflora by RedHeait, P. Horton, Paris, $175; LadyOrmonde; b m, Ormonde Bondlin byThe Bondsman, A. J. Holland, Paris,$300; Sorrento Worth, b m, Axworthy Sorrento Hall by Walnuti Hal J,B. S. Cole, Paris, $225.of butter,THE BEST PROOFway.Given By a Paris CitizenDoan's Kidney Pills were used4-Tj-k. 1-tv.s.. ncT KanafifThe story was told to" Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence. Has proven the result lasting.The testimony is home testimony.The proof convincing.It can be investigated by Paris residents. Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall, and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever Know what I went throughat that time, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two.Sham twinges shot thiough my kidneys and if anyone had hit mc in theback with a heavy axe, it couldn'thave hurt worse. In one week afterusins: Dean's Kidney Pills, I felt likela different woman, for they fixed meup in fine shape."AFTER LAPSE OF EIGHT YEARSMrs.Maitin said: "Doan's KidneyPills have made a cure for me and ithas been permanent."Price 60 c. at all dealers. Don' Isimply ask for a kidney remedygetDoan's Kidney Pills the same thy IMis. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfiss., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)X44iiiiiijiii4n;i4ii;iIIIiIiInIi'I"I"I"Ij'ELLIS' CASHGROCERYSpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we- have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose of a lot ofthese goods.Pickling Vinegarand Spicesat bargains this week.Ellis9 Cash GroceryOpposite Court House4pfMMPPPMi!tP PlPPDKWaddellsPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedmi wrtd yew have tried Dr. Wfcdckll'sPik Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to fire absolute satisfaction ormoney refunded. $1.50 per botU at yoursVwfgistIf not write us.OEPT.edicineSrahhsGroBROOKS & SNTPP.Paxil, Etiickya. i "E.&M,mmimwviiiri i$$mzWlx'mwIti!viofSstofr&'& -2'lgg.iThe C.l S., Cor. FourthHI I1 r HT H At H ImiJS3 X I'tmtr&y 1 I I Isj8p Ifctioi M S sWWIff l mPwto txWttiliH4xtiiI Or I 111 ' C (II C Model Twenty One-Forty'V&jy nll VM t Model! wenty One-FortyH" hXroWH. Ij. Model Twenty One-FortytJ? ? V?f22iT Tfir?!i!l Mtl Model Twcnt' one-Fon1 "' i'Ss KtTWi - lvll Model Twenty One-Forty1 ''N' ! pSliSi 1 WnN ' Model Twenty One-Forty. i ' P TO JvhII v ..illilMl TV(l Model Twenty One-Fifty,dk'TiFm MM ASK .F. O. B. Factory. Fl.n,. .cW 'Piimlim ' ,voHSHflHnUIH ,jjSVRKtnKIM ( Way?WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES AREiOn an average, twelve schoolhouses and two college buldingsare burned in America every week.mmtfflM5K - BAi -SI3! LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESGirls! Make beauty lotion rora few centsSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of orchard white, shake welland you will have a quarter pint ofthe best freckle and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifter, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug. store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhte for a few cents. Massage 4hissweetly fragrant lotion into theface; neck, arms and hands ''eachday and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, softand rosy-white the skin becomes.Yes! It 4s harmless and never Irrb1-lryiui. ! "T 11.1 IMAIN STREET -tates., x(adv-tf-PC 3, r tAnnouncement orM. Wheeler Furniture Co,Eighth and Main StreetsiPlease calf at our store andhear theAeolian Vocation RecordsONGraduola MachinesRecords received monthly. Five hundred to select, from.E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Sole Agents for Paris and Bourbon CountyEmblem of SatiateQ, f 1 UICK power, stamina and service value, with anjLJ even fuller measure of grace, beauty and those refinements which add comfort to utility characterize thedistinctive Buick qualities of the new Nineteen TwentyX)ne Series. 'The dominant idea guiding the builders of Buick carsis ever to maintain the Buick standard a standard ofsoundness, saneness and serviceability in automobileconstruction. The reputation Buick everywhere enjoysattets the public approval of this Buick policy.The new Buick Three Passenger Roadster, completein appointments, beautiful and roomy is an ideal carfor speedy transportation in all seasons. And back ofthis model, is a nation-wide authorized Buick Service,reinforcing Buick dependability., Prices of the New Nineteen Twenty OneBuick SeriesFour, three passenger carFive, five passencer carSix, four passenger cqupeSeven, five passenger tedanEight, four passenger coupeNine, seven passenger carseven passenger ledaaS179SJ 79525SS289529352065J295&3?'&&&&rt- Ball Garageand Pleasant Sts.BUILT, BUICK WILL BjILD THEMjiJB!.i.J..,iaBjaaasK;-S5m-E-3 Hi J13I1S1r -r i-Mv- . w - HB-Sr ,iWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintivecry of the violin, the deep pulsating-voice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you; andso naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home Phonograph -'T. W. SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEI3G'IJsVc iSVVf 7-'Ai-fr i-4-Ii !-,j&A. s-r. s i- - , v . ?' V,L'U Vi,F "'rFRIDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1920 - 'THfc BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY ' V ' "" "V-r;;A Prominent Nurse TestifiesCovington", Ky.-I have beenrecommending Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription to mypatientsand per6 o n a 1friends forseveralyears, eversince it restored mefo perfecthealthafter avery serious illness withinwardtrouble.Xn everyinstance that I have known women totake Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription for feminine weakness, or if inneed of a special tonic during expectancy, it has never failed in giving theutmost satisfaction. It is a woman'smedicine that can be'depended uponto relieve nervous copditions, besidesbuilding up and strengthening theentire womanly organism. I shallaluayE praise Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription most highly." ZL n s .Tattie Elliott, 1413 Kendall St.'Favorite Prescription should havetfie full confidence of every woman inmerica because in contains no alcohol and no narcotic. Doctor Pierceknew, when he first made this standardmedicine, that whisky and morphinewere injurious, and so he has alwayskept them out of his remedies. Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription can beprocured in all drug stores in eitherfluid or tablet form.Send o cents to "Doctor Pierce'sInvalids' Hotel in Buffalo, N. Y., fortrial package of the tablets.James A. Garfield was the onlyo.dained preacher to be electedPiesident of the United States.oNatives of Siam train certain fishi'i other countries. xLIEUT. I.0T-D. YOUItfG'3 ABDEESSTO "ORPHAN BRIGADE."(Continued From Page 1)rest; anguish untold, indescribableunutterable, and none could com'fort, that dear old heart. I knewone of these grand old mothers inIsrael, heie in the good county ofBouibon, who gave" to the cause ofthe South her baby boy and his nextolder brother, my neighbors, phnmates and schoolfellows. With theparting prayer of Ood hiAo h 'tect you my dear 'boys, as she kiss-eu mem a tarewell goodbye who feirside by side on the bloody field orShiloh, their first battle. But whocould appease the anguish, whocomfort and console the bleedingheart of that grand old mother when,..- .ncii me a.u, me awiuimessage that both her boys had fUen? One of the (most painful experiences uf my life was when I returned at the close of the war and thU( grand old mother called upon me' toi relate the history and story of theifali of her noble boys,j "But how many homes sufferedsimilar sorrows during that awful,I that dreadful conflict, .how manynoble boys were kissed a last farewell, and oh, how sad the story oftheir fate. Many, almost every battlefield of the 5outh could furnish.similar sad and heartrending experiences. I knew an instance downin Georgia, that of Isaac Reeves, ofi Atlanta, who gave to the cause eighrIsons, five of whom were killed in(battle, the remaining three wounded,and disabled for life. Another instance-inpoint is related by my oldjcoimrade and friend, Sergeant Knox.'That of Mrs. Williams, of Richland,I Mississippi, who gave to the causejher three sons and her stepson, herI all, and all of whom perished on thei battlefield. Oh, the horrors of war,land whilst seemingly blasphemous,jliow pertinent and forcefully trueiflpnprnl ShprmJiTi's flpfinitirm nf wnr.And oh, that some of our would-be1 statesmen of America could hearand heed the pleading voice of thej omnipotent a-nd cease their narrow,j selfish wrangling for peace andpower. Please pardon this digression, the opportunity is irresistablyFACE ?VENTO THE PEOPLE OF AMERICAEvery person, sick or well, should know of 'my marvelous pure herb family medicine BULGARIAN BLOODTEA. After a 20-year test I am ready to guarantee tothe world that it is the best Blood Purifier and HealthRegulator in existence today.To those who suffer from early old age, stomach, liver,kidney, blood or rheumatic troubles Bulgarian BloodTea is the one best medicine to relieve and correctthese ailments. It is remarkable how quick you willbegin to pick up and be your old-time self again.During the 1918-19-20 influenza epidemics BulgarianBlood Tea was used by countless thousands of sufferers.They met wijh marvelous success. Millions of peopletook It steaming hot to prevent and ward off thedisease. ,' g?p As a general first aid family medicine it has no equal.Every person should hare a box constantly on handfor any emergency to kill colds, allay fevers andguard against influenza, pneumonia or other seriousSickness. I sincerely urge all mothers and fathers offamilies to apply to their druggist for a trial box ofBulgarian Blood Tea.Distributors are authorized to return -the full purchaseprice if Bulgarian Blood Tea does not materially improve the health in three weeks' time.H. H. VON SCHL1CK, President,MARVEL PRODUCTS, 0., Pittsburgh, Pa.SSHtS&BMOktempting to one who has seen thehorrors of war inall its hideousnesjL But who could appease theanguish, who assuage J he sorrovdand comfort thc-bleeding hearts ofthe grand old mothers and fathers?"And yet, I fear that (many nowliving give these matters, this history, which so nearly concernsthemselves and their own countrybut little thought when contemplating the stupendous tragedies thathave recently occurred on the otherside of the ocean and makes any reference tc these incidents to this history seem tame and insignificant in"comparison. But remember, myfriends, my fellow Kentuckians, thatwe 'Old Orphans,' too," have seensomething of war and its horrors.So far 'is I am informed, not manybattle were fought in the great worldwar, with all of their improved instrument of modern warfare inwhich a loss of more than 50 percent, was sustained, within less thanthirty minutes, as was the case ofthis little band of Kentuckians.Your own countrymen, your ownkinsmen, in the death trap at Dallas,May 28, 3 864."Pardon my partiality, my lovefor these old comrades and this feeble complimentary allusion and comparison, but this little band of Kentuckians (of whom all Kentuckyseems justly proud) has a -historythat shines with a lustei that rivalsthe glory of Caesar's '10 thLegion, Napoleon's 'Old Guard,or -nhe famous 'Light , Brigade At the beginning fivethousand, at the ending two hundredand forty, less than forty of whomwere without battle scars. Whatglorious record! What a bloody saclifice and how comparatively fewleturned. And why should not thesefew surviving old heroes be proud ofthis record? Why should not Kentucky be proud of it? From thefullness of my heart I am tempted toask, why should not? these few surviving old veterans, a mere remnantof whom survive, and a majority ofwhom are now before you, rejoice,to have been the companions and followers of such grand and noble spirits as Albert Sidney Johnson, Buckner, Breckinridge, Preston, Hood,Hanson, Helm, Hawes, Lewis, Tiglman, Trabue, Hunt, Wickliffe, Cofer,Caldwell, Moss, Monroe, McDowell,McKendrie, Bramblett, Cobb, Graves,Kentuckians all, and more than fourthousand other grand and noblespirits, whose deeds of courage, heroism and sacrifice makes the historyof this immortal little band. Tohave been the companions and followers of these noble heroes and pa-'triots a'nd share with them the hardships, trials and dangers they encountered, likewise the honor andglory they achieved is the proudestclaim of our lives to which we refer with pride and admiration andsay 10 tne young men ui jveutuuB.y,fthat these deeds, this history illustrates and exemplifies your fathers'record. Cherish and hold themsacred, for they were acquired bythe best blood that ever coursedthe veirh of the Anglo-Saxon."In looking into the eyes of theheailllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHWilliam K. Hagan G XbNArchitect.' & Engineer.FUST NATIONAL BANK PAE.I. KV.T Tttfmymit!;!;!; i;iiiintiiiiiiiiitiiiii;;i;iiitii;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiniiiiinnimiimiiii'iiitiisnniii:isii:iHiii:iimtiiiir1Ford CarsGO DOWN IN PRICEw:EFFECTIVE NOW PRICES F. O. B.DETROIT ARE :Touring Car, Self Starter $510.00Runabout Car, Self Starter $460.00Coupe Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $745.00Sedan Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $795.00Truck, Pneumatic Tires $545.00Tractor 5790.00WAR TAX ANP FREIGHT ARE TO BEADDED TO THE ABOVEPlace Your Order Now WhileDeliveries are PossibleRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYTo abort a coldand prevent complications takeaValotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, eaf e and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonlyin sealed packagesPrice 35c.Abrighter;EVENINGS:F'hi f .taJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial Dame .Spun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nass -Herhome was lit.By flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a JbuttonAnd has Electric Light.iev surviving hoary-headed old veterans memory carries me back tothese perilous and evnit.imr Hm orriI See them thrrmeh t.l.P viota fj cars, in manhood's prime, ever readyu ogling inio tne battres breachand with maddened 'shnnt nnH Pohoiyell,' grapple with the enemy andil ou uecreea, die tor tJie cause weloved so well. But alas, the ivrnnarch,- ' Time." has ..exercisfid hisprerogative and only a few are lefttottering on the shore.'But hftlfi Was n hnnH nf tiKIyouths, a veritable embodiment ofKentucky manhood and chivalrywhose he-arts were filled -it inftvpride, with noble ambition: theseed corn of the Confederacy, according to President T.inpnlrr TxrVmonideals wure Kentucky's traditionalglory and renown who seldom miastepped in the drill, who never fal-icicuMjn me ueia. NParis Gas & ElectricXo."It Was not for the wn.P-e rtnt fnmoney nor for conquest, that theyfought, suffered and sacrificed, butthe Souihland and her mubo iran.tucky( and he- unrivaled fame, herlandononr !-. ..4... t i iim-uayc ucciuij, iien Drooics anarillS. her nastlirps rree.n her harnnuhistory and untarnished' sheen, herluvcij n.aiuens, ner stalwart 'men,this was our inspiration, these ourincentives to deeds of daring- withvictory 01 death the battle cry.i. Mlt membory portrays also manytnrilling1 incidents nnri o;t?scenes among which are Fort, Donaldson, Shilch. Vickshnrev WRouge. Jao.ksmt Wm-fovnin m 'freesboro, Chattanooga, Chickama-5 cmun, itesacca, Dallas, tho"death Iran Tnocaw htJjPine Mountain, New Hope, Peach-, luuenuinipni, utoy Creek, theplace of sweet revenge for the deathtrap, Atlanta, Joresboro, Columbiaand almost a score of other fieldsattests their "courage and valor andis the inscription upon their monmnejjt in the temple of fame, andI am tempted to exclaim, 'Rejoiceye gray-haii ed old veterans theseare yom jewels, these vour trophies.' "Do, we arrogate to ourselves nriKentucky honors to which we arenot entitled, who gave to the worldAbraham Lincoln, Jefferson Davis,Albert Sidney Johnston and theOrphan Brigade. Kentucky, theland where the Creator seems tohave finished his wondrous work ofcreation when the morning starsfirst sang together and Jehovahproclaimed it good, wonderful land,wonderful people, unexcelled, uneqnrled. And' it is well that the historian, Shaler, a noble and chivalious enqmy, should have selected thehistory of this little band of Ken-jtuckians to illustrate the militarycnaractar and prowess of the American volunteer, and well may every'true and loyal son of Kentucky sayto the world, 'These are some ofKentucky's offerings upon the altarof glory and renown, in the hour 01our country's greatest distress andperil, these are some of her contributions to the world's history ofman's renown, courage and valor.We do not challenge the record ofothers, but we bring these offeringsas illustrative and characteristic ofoui 'Old Kentucky Home and herpeople.' And it is but fitting thaithese good people of the city of Paristnd Bourbon county, a number ofwhose noble sons imperiled and sacrificed their lives upon these memorable fields, some of whose najmes areengraved upon yonder monument,should once more have the opportunity to mingle with and to graspthe hands of these few surviving oldveterans, and look into the eyes thatgleamed defiance in the battle rage,whose deeds in the death grappleproclaimed them true ,Kentfckianf.It is in like manner gratifying tothese old veterans to see "and toknow that these good people are willing to pay us such spontaneoushomage from their noble and generous hearts, and extend to us such.lavish, such boundless hospitalityand good cheer."But, how could it be otherwise,for this is but typical of dear oldKentucky, we all love so well, andabout which we love to sing, dear OldKentucky, of which we old 'Orphans,'far from home, so often dreamed,sung and wept, when on the toilsomemarch beneath the blistering Southern sun and in the dreary and cheerless camp of the malarious swamp.Dear old Kentucky, toward whosegreen pastures our eyes were everturned and for which our wearyhearts always yearned. Grand oldKentucky, the land of Boone andKenton, Clay and Crittenden, Breckinridge 3nd Marshall, the land ofmilk and honey, the home of thebeautiful, the gentle and lovely, rejoice, again and again, ye-noble oldheroes, Kentucky's-history and herthousand charms was then our sotgand story, Kentucky and her glorious renown is still our watchwordand benediction."Whose heart can but throb withpride and thrill with joy and admiration when contemplating theseglorious suiroundings and indulgingthese inspiring thoughts, thrillineri enolletions. Old comrades, now atthe flickering rays ot life grow dipn,let your hearts rejoice in gratitudeand thanksgiving for your history ia legacy of glory, acclaimed andenvied, by the world. My dear oMcomrades, as these happy "greetingswill soon draw to a close and thohour for the last parting, for someof us at least, will soon come,- nomore will we listen to the bugle'scall and the command, 'fall intoline,' to right or left dress, norstiffen the muscles or steady thenerves for the impending conflict, nomore respond to the boom of thesignal un and join the madshout of the awful charge; thelast roll call has "been ordered andhas been answered by all -but few ofus, the last good-bye spoken, at lastr.nd beyond on theN everlasting plainswill the assembly call be soundedand the order of the Great Commander be given, 'Fall into line yeheroes cf the Orphan 'Brigade, yourHeavenly Commander will lead you,not to the battle; but to a gloriousand everlasting peace on the plainsof eternal .rest and where war shallbe nomore. So 'farewell, my dear'OldfCorarades good-byt,t good-bye."in j n s, - i . - :V'dBfliUneeda Biscuit are always of the same ovenfreshness, whether you buy them at the greatcity store or at the remote trading post. Andthey are always enjoyed, whether served at formaldinner or wayside meal. Keep a supply on hand.'NATIONAL BISCUIT- COMPANY1 H 'm - HPI5CUIIrThat WholesomeTable DrinkPostum Cerealains new friends right alongbecause of its pleasing tastehealthfulness, and saving in costPostum Cereal is delicious whenproperly made: boil fully fifteenminutes after boiling begins.The more you boil Postum Cerealthe better it is."When ordering be suretovget the originalPostum CerealA 50 -cup packageusually sells for 25Made byO Postum Cereal Co., Inc.,Battle Creek,Mich.rsSlftlAL'""Uttw-"'Postum Ccrul Com0iWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finished 'Granite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality. -THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS. KENTUCKYJunel5-3mpggiffrffPI-S-A.Attention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE! ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, sivenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phene 9f 7Warehouse Heme Phene 2S7MM35!25ZiSZlkk -jBourbon Feed Mfg. Co,L. D, MITCHELLSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellHAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of theMines.Call In While We HarePleiifrfTO..fc&f?' &zs8ZZ .r--V-9V-' -S'rX- vM'1v y9v M-c-a v '', a kS,Jf4-.nJ'jw,v' jPAGE EIGHTTHE 'BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, I KENTUCKYiFRIDAYV QCTOBHR S, If 2 . ' -tMILLERSBURGAt the Sunday School rally at"he Presbyterian church for the purpose of Sunday School extension work,$114 was raised, against $77 last"year.Elder W. J. Slater addressed thestudent body of the MillersburgGraded School, Wednesday morning.Quite a number of friends and patTons of the school were present, including County Superintendent J. B.Caywood, and members ot the Board.BIRTHS Mr. and Mrs. C. W."Mrs. E. H. Kerr. Considerable business was transacted. An interestingprogram was rendered, and a delightful lunch served at -noon.The little folks will put on a"Tom Thumb Wedding" at the HighSchool Gymnasium at 8:00 p. pi. today for the benefit of the Christianchinch. T-he cast will be made upol the small children of the town andcommunity, and will be an interesting entertainment. Admission, adults50c, children 25c. Let 'everybody attend. Remember the cause.-- THE SICK Mr. D. L. Leggetcis confined to his home with rheumatism. Mr.. S. M. Allen is not so wellthe past few days. Mr. J. T. Judyis able to be out riding. Mr. M. M.rCorrington received a telegram Mon- lBowles, Mesdames Fannie Norton andday, announcing the birth of ?. I Chas. Shanks and Anna Darnell condaughter to Mr. and Mrs Chas. Wil- J tinue about the same. Mr. S. R. Butliams, of Atlanta. Ga. Mrs. Williams ler is able to be out again. Mr. 0 L.was formerly Miss-Mabel Conway, a Potts is impioving nicely at St.ciece of Mrs. Corrington. ! Joseph's Hospital, Lexington.The Ladies' Aid Society of the! Mr- Harry B. Boulden, agedChristian churoh held an all-day , about sixty, died at bis home in Demeeting Wedneslay at the home of , troit, Mich., Tuesday, after a three. weeks' illness of the sleeping dis"mmmmt ? ease. Mr. Boulden was born andraised' in Millersburg, where hbetarly 3ife was spent. For a num-ber of years he conducted a drustore here. Aho-Jt twenty years ag' he went to Detroit, Mich., where heAlsMO1AND1I (PRA Husf I I2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30FOR SALETwo GoodUsedAutomobiles1 FIVE PASSENGERFRANKLIN-1 SEV1N PASSENGERBUICKBoth cars good as new and infirst class condition. Franklin,newly painted.. S. Ball Garageocto-4t)was connected with anti-toxine work.' He was a" iife-long member of th-' Presbyteiian church, and i? survivedby one bx other, Mr. G. K. Boulden,and one sister, Miss Lillie Boulden.both of Detroit. Owing to illness hi.:his bi other was unable to accompany'the body to Millersburg, where th-jremains arrived to-day, andwas intered in the Millersburg Cemetery. Mrs. C. B. Smith, whohas beer, in the Boulden hame for thepast two weeks returned with thebody, accojnipa-nied by Miss LillieBoulden. a sister of the deceased.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!Iff you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)Nearly all Japanese soldiers areexpert gymnasts and every barrackshas a gymnasium.Boys and Mothers,Attention!We Can Give You 30Reasons WhyPony BoySuitsARE BETTERRe-enforced knee, seat andelbow.J All seams taped and doublestitched.J Equal to two suits at theprice of one.J Every suit guaranteed by theMerit Mfg. Co., Mayfield, Ky.Prices$10.00 to $20.00:x:tH. M. COLLINS & CO.TO-DAY, FRIDAYHerbert RawlinsonIN"Man and His Woman"An extraordinary drama of woman'sinfluence over man's body and soul.Also Warner Oland and Eileen Percyin "The Third Eye"v and a comedy"LIVE AND LEARN"Tomorrow, SaturdayJ.WARREN KERRIGANIN"The Dream Cheater"By Honore de Balzac.Wherein love stifles superstition andsorcery.AlsoMr. and Mrs. Carter DeHavenin "THE MODEL HUSBAND"Monday, Oct. 11 thOLIVE THOMASIN"DARLING MINE"Also Capitol Comedy "Mum'sthe Word"and Pa the NewsAdmission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30c -Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax..) 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningLEE TIRE PRICESReduced 15 to 20 Per CentLEE TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY announce a generalreduction of fifteen to twenty per cent, effective at once,on their entire line of tires.Cord, Fabric and Puncture ProofLarge Stock Carried atTHE BIG 4 GARAGEMATRIMONIAL.1County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license from his officuWednesday to Russell C. Alexanderand Miss Ethel Irene MoCabe, both ofParis.Marriage licenses $weie issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Per.rce Paton to the following.parties: Frank Pitrella, 21, NewYork City, vnd Miss Minnie LeeBuchannan, 18, pans; J. P. Garrard27, and Miss Helen Durant Rich, 25,both of Cincinnati.LATHRAM STONE.Emrae; t Lathram, farmer of nearParis, and Miss Willie Boyd Stone,an attractive young woman of Bathcount, were married Wednesday inOwingsville. They will reside at thehome of the groom, near Paris.oTAXPAYERS, IMPORTANT!The 1st of October is drawing very near, and . those off youwho have not attended to listing your taxes had best takewarning and attend to this immediately, as we are expectinga large rush toward the last andyou may not be able to getwaited upon. You will pleasegive this your attention and let!us see you immediately.Yours truly,WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(sept21-tf)REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Mitchell, Moreiand & Mitchellreal estale agency sold this week forSam Griffin, a frame cottage, locatedon Henderson street, known as thaThornton property, to Luther Hall,for $4,000. The trustees of the A.M. E. Mission church, thiough the.same agency, purchased of Geo.T.Wagoner, a tenant house located onWest Seventh street, near the West-em High School. The purchaserswill raze the houses on the lot, andwill erect a church Diiilding andparsonage.oBIRTHS.To thfc wife of Walter Henderson Shropshire in this city, a jfino Ienn AT I'M S!TiiarkTieTiia wna f rwm ar rMiss Virginia Smith, of 'Georgetown.FALL SHOESBrand new styles. A wonderful assortment of beautiful Fall Models for Men, Women and Children at pricesmuch lower than ever before.Buy at this store and take advantage of our moneysaving prices.Look at These Great Values!Ladies' Soft Kid English Lace Boots, of goodquality, 17.00 values.SPECIAL S4b99Ladies' Brown Boots and Black Kid Englishand High heels. $8.00 values.our ltZSPECIAL 90i90Ladies' and Growing Girls' Gun Metal English Lace BootsExtra high tops. All sizes 2 1-2 to 7. v tfpt M mOur Special w4a4Boys' and Girls' School ShoesMisses' and Children's $3.50 Lace Boots, allsizes 9 to 2,our tO ylOSPECIAL MmmTJMisses' and Children's Gun Metal and KidEnglish Lace Boots, $4.00 values.OURSPECIALS2.99Men's Gun Metal DressShoes, $6.00 values.Special $3.99Boys' and Girls' Sturdy School ShoesEnglish Lace and' Blucher Styles. $5.00values.SPECIAL S3b49Little Men's Extra Good Wear Gun Metaland Tan Shoes, sizes 9 to 13 1-2.OUR 4 (SPECIAL M.99Men's Brown and Gun MetalEnglish Blucher and Lace Shoes.Special $5.99Men's Goodyear Welt GunMetal, $7.00 values.Special ' $4.99DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beautyand Economy RcinIf nrr.t,i" ' " S i ' "S-7-V,'-, , 'A it r t.