THE.i 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY US' THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 13. 1920NEWSBUUKBUNBOURBON GUN CLTJBTh? Bourbon Gun Club's regularweekly target shooting tournamentwill be held on the Club groundsthis afternoon, beginning at twoo'clock. The program for the afternoon is a varied one and will affordthe hooters ample opportunity fordispMing" tIieir ability as marksmen. X-adies are cordially invitedto attend. The shoot this afternoon will be a contest for the trophy donated by J. W. Davis & Co.,J10v "n exhibition in their showwindow s.The Club has secured official periv.isf v i f i oir the American Trapshoe .ng Association to hold a regulai all-day shooting tournamenton September 7. A number of themoT .oled tiap-shots in the UnitedFt3te will be present and take partin ike tournament, for which aprogram is now being arranged.Spra.ois are given a cordial welcome Ladies are beginning to manifest an interest in the tournament,and '' especial invitation is extended them, and comfortable seatsa ill be provided for them.HEW IMPROVEMENTSa i lass room for boys is beingrnar.ted in the basement of theMth. ist church. The room is beivz '-'mcreted and will be furn.. "ie ' for the reception of the boys.Arrangements are being made foranother class room for the SundaySchocl department in the. basement.An f trance is being made to thebpr1 nt from the Pleasant streetside to be enclosed by an iron railing. Tbcc. G. Morris and Thos. Craven have leased the Higgins storeroom on Main street, adjoiningObeidcrfer's drug store, and have ithai'dfomely repainted and papered.The loom will be used as a busii ess office for the Morris TayicapCo., new-comers in the taxicab fieldin this city.A large force of workmen beganyesrciday razing the old residenceat the corner of Second and Mainstreets, lately occupied by Mr. andMrs. Jesse Napier. The MammothGarage Co., of Lexington, who purchased the property last " year, willerect a steel and stone garage on thesite. Part of the building materialis aheady on the ground. The lotextends through from Main street tothe Louisville & Nashville railroadin the rear.GOLD CHECK WORKERSCold check workers have in thepast found picking good among themerchants of this city. Notwithstanding the many warnings theyhave had merchants who receivechecks from strangers in paymentfor purchases and give the balancein cash, usually lose the money.Several Paris business houses havelately adopted the policy of refusing outright to cash checks unlessthe party presenting and the onesigning it are personally known tcthem.In one instance THE NEWS hearda few days ago of a promenentScott county farmer, who while inPaiis made some purchases, amounting to about ?50, at a local grocery,and gave his check in payment. Thecheck was politely but firmly refused by the grocery people, whoinformed the Scott county man ofthe policy they had adopted. Thefarmer was anxious to retain hisgoods, and leaving the store, happened upon a friend in business whogave him the money in return forthe check. Other business firniowill soon follow a similar line ofiaction for their own protection.PROHIBITION PRESIDENTIALCANDIDATE "GOODRUNNER"1OUR TAILORING DEPARTMENTIs row ready to show the complete lines of fall woolens, which areup to our usual standard of quality.To our customers we advise the ad-untaxes of an early choosing, as ancrly crelection assures the deliveiTRev. Aaron S. Watkins, who wasofficially notified Wednesday of hisnomination for President on theProhibition ticket, has had muchexperience in running for office. Asa candidate for Congress in theNinth Ohio district in 1904 he polled the largest vote ever counted fora Prohibitionist in that district. In1905 he was the candidate of hi3party for Goernor. In 1908 andagain in 1912 he was the Prohibi- troubletion candidate for Vice President.Mr. Watkins is a native of Ohio andat various periods in his career hehas been a school teacher, lawyer,preacher and lecturer. For sometime he held a professorship atOhio Northern University and in190-10 he was president of AsburyCollege. He conies of Quaker stockand passed his boyhood on a farm.His -home is at Geimantown, O.,where the notification cereononieswere held.oRICHMOND DOG PROVES EF-BAYLESS' ASSAILANTS HELD TOGRAND JURY IN $5,000The crowd that gathered in theCounty Court rocpn in the courthouse at ten o'clock Wednesdaymorning, in anticipation of developments at -the preliminary hearingof Charles Martin and RaymondFryman, grew so large that an adjournment had to be taken to' theCircuit Court room.When the case was called fortrial by County Judge George Batterton, the wan ant was read,charging the two men with cuttingwith intent to kill, in an assaultcommitted upon the person of J.Lyle Bayles, of Louisville. Thecutting took place on the NorthMiddletown pike., near Paris, lastSaturday evening, as detailed inTuesday's edition of THE NEWS.Martin was represented at thehearing by Judge Charles A. McMilIan. of Paris, while Fryman had ashis attorney A. B. Thompson, ofLexington, a forpner resident of thiscounty. The prosecution was represented by County Attorney D. D.Cline, Oscar T. Hinton, of Hinton,Bradley & Bradley, and Wade II.Whitley, of Talbott & Whitley.Both Martin and Fryman entereda -plea of not guilty and the casewent into trial. The first witnessCOMMERCIAL CLUB NAMESCOUNCIL COMMITTEESThe meeting Tuesday night of theParis Commercial Club was one nfthe best attended in the history ofme new organization, and from theenthusiasm displayed it is morethan probable that there will besomething doing all the time. Themeeting was presided over by President John T. Collins. SecretaryCharles F. Dunn, of the LexingtonBeard of Trade, was present, anddelivered an interesting and highlyentertaining address to the members. Acting on suggestions madein his address by Mr. Dunn, the business interests of the city and coun-: ty were featured in the organizationby "Members' Council Groups,"each group having a chairman.Each member will be mailed areferendum blank asking for theirsuggestions as to best thing tor theCommercial Club to take up for thegeneral interest of v the city. Fromthese blanks the Board of Directorswill select a group of ten subjectsupon which to concentrate the energies of the Club. In his addressSecretary Dunn stated that he hadneier seen a commercial club soeasily organized as had been theParis organization, for which hepredicted great success.President Collins reported two apcalled was Mrs. Bayless. wife of the j plications for the position of permainjured man. She related thestory of the attack practically astold in THE NEWS of Tuesday.She said they realized . that bothMartin and Fryman were intoxicated, and consequently they beggedthem to get back into their car ando on to Paris without any furtherFECTIVE HRE ALARM.While Lindsay Blanton, of Richmond, coal merchant, was asleep inIds room above his place of businessearly Sunday, he was awakened bya tusging at his bedclothes and loudbarking from his dog- and found hisbed clothing in flames The fire depal tment -was called and the flamieswere extinguished before much dam-of garments on time. The prices I age was done. Blanton is a brotherarc -vrantecd to January 1, 1921. cf Mrs. Ben Buckner, of XalapaJ. W. DAVIS & CO. Farm, near Paris.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSEarly Fall Showintof"SuitsCoats""' . Dresses-Skirts4tFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and PatisteWaistsJust ReceivedFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSPUBLICFryman, she said, remarked,"Pay us for the damage to our carand we will not do anything to you."This was refused. Martin, she said,struck Ihe first blow, and was ioined by Fryman. They knocked Mr.3ayless down three times, and heknocked them down twice. Martinthrew several rocks at her and herhusband.Seeing a truck coming, she appealed to the driver for help, and hecajme to their assistance. Martinthreatened to shoot the driver of thetruck, she said.The bloody clothing of the injured man was introduced. MrsBaylpss said her husband was stillin a serious condition , from thwounds and loss of blood. Crossexamination by attorneys for thedefense failed to weaken her storyoi cause her to deviate from theoriginal.Mrs. Clay Lyons, sister of Mr.Bayless, was the next witness,, herstory of the affair being practicallythe same as the preceding witness.The court then adjourned until 2o'clock Wednesday afternoon.Among, those present were- Mrs.Bayless, wife of the wounded man,his aunt, Mrs. William Hemming,of Shelby vi lie, and his sister, Mrs.Clay Lyons, of Anchorage.The court loom was filled almostto the lijmit when court reconvenedin the afternoon, the testimony adduced at the morning session whetting the interest of the big crowdid a high point in anticipation ofequally interesting developments. Anumber of witnesses were examined, all giving their testimony in aclear, convincing, straightforwardmanner, tending to show the natureof the affair, as witnessed by them.The evidence in a concrete form,was to the effect that the two menbacked their machine into the onediiven by Bayless and tried to extort money from him in paymentfor damages sustained to their machine; that on his lefusal to paysuch damages they blocked theirmachine across the road, causing theBayless party to stop; that both menalighted, and that Martin struckBayless in the face, knocking himdown, and afterward threw rocks atthe members of the party,' and thatafter this Fryman assaulted Bayless j (13-2t)with a knire, which was round inhis possession by the ariestfng officer. Fryman confessed to stabbingBayless, but said that he had doneso after Bayless had cut him. Insupport of this contention, he exhibited a small cut on hi& thumb,which he alleged was caused by Bayless in the scuffle. No testimony wasoffered by Martin and Fryman.At the conlusion of the hearingCounty Judge Batterton said thacthe evidence showed clearly a casecalling for the maximum penalty offive years in the penitentiary, andthat he would place the bond at ifigure commensurate with thecrime. He accordingly ordered the.men held in the sum of $5,000 cashbond, to appear before the grandjury at the next term of the Bourbon Circuit Court. Late in Ihe aflernoon Martin furnished the required bond, with his father, Carter N. Marl in, as surety, and wasreleased from custody.' Mr. Bayless, who is now at thehepne of his brother, Dr. Bayless, atnent paid Secretary. The reportshowed that the organization nowbad 152 members who had paidtheir dues up, and that the treasury had in it the sum of 3,000. TheMembers' Council Grcups were giventwo weeks in which to organize, select a chairman and a secretary.The groups were assigned as follows Garages, automobiles and accessories, C. A. Webber, chairman; Hardwale, harness and point dealers, F.P. Lowry, chairman; furniture, wallpaper, decorating and undertakers,W. O. Hinton, chairman; doctors,dentists and druggists, Dr. J. T.Vansant, chairman; groceries andand meat dealers, Grover Baldwin,chairman.Coal, feed, grain and commissionmerchants, N. F. Brenf, chairman;dry goods, milliners and five andten-cent stores, Lee Price, chair.mav; men's clothing, Withers DavK chairman; shoes, Harry Linvine, chairman; restaurants, confectioiurs. J. L. Farris, chairman;''blacksmiths, Harry Kerslake, chairman, jCounty and city officials, PearcePaton, chairman; railroads and public utilities. W. V. Shaw, chairman:lumberman and architects, G. S.Jefferson, chairman; bankers. Bernard Santen, chairman; barbers,Andeison Cabal, chaiiman: tobaccoindustries, E. W. Glass, chairman;manufactui ers, bakers and millers.B. M. Itenick, chanman; real estatedealers, Hiram Redjmon, chairman.Laundry and dry cleaners, M. H.H. Davis, chairman; jewelers, Wm.Shire, chairman; farmers, tradersand agricultural interests, Jas. Caldwell, chairman; newspapeis andprinters, Bruce Miller, chairman;insurance, Rudolph Davis, chairman; amusepnents, pool rooms andtheaters, Carl Williams, chairman.SNEAK THIEVES BUSYLight-fingered gentry with apenchant for appropriating otherpeople's propei ty, are busy in Paris.Monday night the residence of Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis, on Duncanavenue was visited, the thief orthieves ransacking the entire house.Revolverr belonging to County Attorney D. D. Cline and Harry Joneswere taken from their rooms Atrunk belonging to Charles Kenneywas broken open and several articles of jeweh y and other personalproperty taken. Among the missing articles purloined from thetrunk were a woven watch chainwith gold medal attached, and several coins highly prized by Mr.Kenney as souvenirs. The robberywas reported to the police department. Chief of Police Link arrested ayoung white boy najmed Cooper, onsuspicion of having been implicatedin the Davis robbery. Cooper hadin his possession the revolver belonging to Harry Jones, which hehad endeavored to sell to differentparties. Cooper is being held inthe Paris jail pending an investigation. An attempt was made to enter thegrocery of A. S. Wilson, at the corner of Main and Fifteenth streets,Tuesday night. A window pane wasbroken by the visitor, who, whileapparently attempting to throw awindow catch, was frightened awayby the noise of breaking glass.Nothing was missed from the store.IDEAL HOME TO BE SOLD WEDNESDAY, AUG. 18.The home of Mrs. J. TJ. Boardman,located on Seventh street, nearHigh, one of the best and most modern in a city of fine homes, will beoffered at public sale on Wednesday,August 18, at two o'clock, by Harris, Speakes & Harris. Written orprinted description will not conveyan adequate idea of this home. Goand see it for yourself. Completeall the way through. Every pareof it modernly equipped with conveniences. HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(augl0-3t)oKNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS PLANFOR BIG RALLYCHANGE OF SCHOOLCOMING SOONBOOKSIf the effort of George Colvia.State Superintendent of Public Instruction, is successful, there willbe an exchange of books soon, deferred from last year, owing to theinability of publishers to get themout, and a rebate received by every"holder of the' old books, upon exchange for -new ones at local dealers within the next two months.The publishers were to have gireaNa rebate, or to have taken the oldbooks back, when the change wasmade, at a reduced price, up untilJuly, of this year. However, theinability to get the books printed'alteied the situation, with the result that the change was not madeat the specified time, and the oldbooks consequently, were held inuse. Superintendent Colvin is endeavoring to have the publishers exlend the time in receiving the oldbooks, since the new ones havemade their appearance, and if thiseffort is successful, there will be an.early exchange without full pricehaving to be paid upon the part ofthe purchaser.This will represent a large sum.saed, when the extensiveness ofthe county school system is givenconsideration, as well as the change,whichis said to be complete, thenew books being widely different inmany ways from the old ones in use.Just when the official change is tobe effected is not known, however,it will take place soon.REPUBLICANS URGE SUFFRAGEAMENDMENT RATIFIEDThe Republican State CentralCommittee, in session in. Louisville,Wednesday, sent telegrajms to members of both Houses of the TennesseeXegislature urging them to vote andwork for immediate ratification ofthe Federal suffrage amendment.This action was taken on motion'of J. Matt Chilton, member of thecommittee from the Fifth District,and followed brief talks by Mrs.Christine Bradley South, mepiber ofthe National Republican Committeefor Women; Mrs. John W. Langley,T.hP -RliiA arQ0 pnnnii xt tco I memner or me committee irum iutsKnisrhts of Columbus, niade ' tnil State-at-Large, and Mrs. Josephinerary arrangements Wednesday night j Marks, chairman of the Woman'sfor the large parade of the HolyName Societies of the CatholicBureau for Scott County.oHEREiS All INDUCEMENT TOAUTO OWNERS.Church, which is to be held in Lexington, Sunday, October 3. It isexpected that thousands of Catholicsof Central Kentucky will participate Free battery service and distilledm tne parade and the rally follow- water furnished at our station.ing at Woodland Park. An address Take advantage of this offer.by a prominent speaker and the BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STA-singing of a number of selected TION,hymns will featuie the rally. j 209 Main St., Paris, Ky.SALE OF HANDSOMEPARIS HOME.Keep in mind the public sale byHams, Speakes & Harris, on Wednesday, August' 18, a two o'clock,of the handsome h o of Mrs. J. IX.Boardman. located on Seventh,street. There isn't a better constructed home in this city, and thepurchaser will get a home that heor she will always be proud of. Hasa lot 77x130 feet, and is fitted upwith all modern conveniences. Hasto be seen to be fully appreciated.At the same time we will sell forMrs. Boardman a fine lot of furniture. Terms will be made knownon day of sale.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.SWE KNOW HWPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-dav, Friday, August 13Sesue Hayakawa, in "The Devil'3Claim;" Warner Oland and EileenPercy, in "The Third Eye;" SnubPollard Comedy. "You're Pinched."To-morrow, Saturday, August 14.Owen Moore, in "The DesperateHero;" Sunphine Comedy, "ThroughThe Keyhole."Monday, August 16. CorinnoGriffith, in the great story of newspaner life. '"The Deadline AtEleven;" Big V Comedy, "Spring-''mo,M "PotVio Povicroplays after-rpfie:" Pathe Review.Gregg's Orchestranoon and evening.Lyons, bore out Mrs. Bayless' testimony in the fullest detail.The Louisville Courier-Journal,in commenting on the attack onthe Louisville motorists, said, editorially: 'The attack upon. Louisvilliansmotoring near Paris is the firstf ofAnchorage, is reported as still be- j the kind reported m the history oting in a dangerous condition. Phy- motoring in Kentucky. It may beDinhni! r. iorf,,! f ?a r0,nr. assumed that the section in wmch.mi ii i -r. the attack occurred will resent it, JThe other occupants of the Bay- '" . .., o 5frc Brftewiltlnn win Iless car, Mrs. Henning and Mrs. ;eflect local sentiment."IL ECONOMYCLOTHESNn It al economy m clothesiuiiisls uui in spending the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full ofwear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MENv' KSVS-'3'- jffTHE JBtoURBOH N$WS, PARIS, KENTqdKPAGE TWOI3UDAY, A0OUST .13, 121t?HIE BOURBON IWSMftUislied 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationNtfished Every Tuesday and FridayIn Year. .$2.00 8 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.POTT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.'jBatered at the Paris, Kentucky,JPastoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES,w York American Press Asso-fkieago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.jLouisville Stark-Lowman Co.JLny erroneous reflection upon the;fcaracter, standing or reputation ofasy person,, firm, or corporationTriich may appear in the columns of3HS BOURBON NEWS will be gladlyoenrected if brought to attention of-&& editor.ADVERTISING RATESGOVERNOR CiX iOCEPTAtfCESPEECH PINE EFFORT.ts.jmnaMEW SARATOGA' SALES.Display Advertisements, $1.00 pertxjck for first time; 50 cents per inchfw& subsequent insertion.Retding Notices, 10 cents per lineo&ck issue; reading notices in blackype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidate, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for tlarge advertiseteats and yearly contracts.The- right of publisher is reseivedREKCieeline any advertisement or otheroatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied byfee cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKETVTot President,James M. Cox, of Ohio.For Vice President,JPrSinklin D. Roosevelt, New York.v por United States Senator.I. C. W. Beckham.iXff Judge of the Court of Appeals,"W. Rogers Clay.SWIFT & C0S WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEWThe production of butter isHeavier than a year ago; storagestocks are .heavy, considering theprobable outlet, and as dealers haveabout discontinued storing domesticproduction, more butter has beenforced -on the market, causing airop during the week in the sellingprice of butter and a .correspondingdecline in the price of butterfat inihe producing sections.Production of eggs is somewhatlighter and so,me eggs are being-withdrawn from storage to make upShe deficiency. There has been-eery little change in the price situation during the week. Withdrawal of storage stocks probably will&eck any tendency to advanceprices for the present.Receipts of live fowl, have been3ighter and higher prices are prerailing in consuming centers, whichje reflected in producing territories.The volume of live springs moving this week is much heavier andIbis has caused a decline in pricesthroughout the producing teratoid ues.SEND EGGS TO MARKETDuring the hot weather, eggsshould be marketed daily, or at leastevery other day, as this lessens thepossibility of their spoiling. Thepoultry department, .College of Agriculture, recommends that eggsshould not be placed in a large boxluring hot weather, as their ownieat will, in many cases, causedamage. This en very largely beffset, however if the eggs can bemarketed eveiy day or two.. oCANTRILL WILL BE 'UNOPPOSED FOR CONGRESSCincinnati Enquirer.)The speech of Governor James M.Cox, accepting the Democratic nomination for President of the UnitedStates, is a straightforward declaration of principles. There is no evasion, no playing with words ofdouble interpretation, no beatingabout the bush on any of the issuesof the day. He speaks with thefrankness that has characterized allhis political utterances, just as thosewho know him expected him to do.Each declaration rings with an hon-,e&ty of purpose that must commendhim to the country, and which givesassurance of a sincere considerationfor the nation's .interests as -thedominant aim of his administrationif he is elected.His attitude on the treaty issue issquarely for ratification with suchinterpretative reservations as aresuggested by the San Francisco platform. His utterances indicates thatthe result of his conference withthe President was not submissionto him, but that the President hassubmitted to the nartv decree. Heanswers the expressed fears of theopposition that Article X as itstands makes possible our beingdrawn into entangling wars by thestatement that no treaty can override the constitution, and that Congress only can declare war. He denounces the Republican position astending to provincialism, and pointsto "the breaking of the fetters ofboundary lines" by President Mc-Kinley to carry freedom to Cubaand American idealism to the Philippines.He is equally "emphatic in declaring for membership in the Leagueof Nations to stand by our alliesin the great war rather than to declare a separate peace with Germany. And he does not fail to dilect attention to the fact that theleague already is in operation, witha membership of 29 nations, confronting a continental turmoil thatis encouraged by the aloofness ofthe United States, for which heplaces responsibility on the Republican Senatorial cabal.On both these questions he leave?no doubt of where he stands or ofhis readiness to meet the Republicans on those issues, and he expresses his faith in the jmind of thepeople of the country to so declarein the election.On domestic problems he is inline with general business sentimentin declaring for a repeal of oppressive war taxes and for greater economy in Government. With hib characteristic courage he does not hesitate to offer a substitute for the excess profits tax of a levy of one to' one and a half per cent on the totalbusiness of every going concern. Inthis also he is sustained by a widespread public sentiment.His reference to law enforcementis sufficient to cover any issue ofthe campaign, including the aftermath of the Eighteenth Amendment. He specifically points outthat Congress, as the legislativebody, is subject to the rule of thepiajority, under constitutional linii-I tations, and says "any public officialI who fails to enforce the law is an! enemv both to the constitution andof ma-nflinchingly ac-"cepts this "Executive obligation.He pledges himself to lay a heavyhand on profiteering and anti-Americanism,but he would assifct honestbusiness, and would encouragemeasure? for the full assimilation1of foreigners seeking asylum here.He favors "collective bargaining"on the part of labor as an offset tothe concentration of capital in largeunits, and he places himself beyondpartisan criticism when he says noman's right either to labor or toquit his employment should beabridged, and that "neither capitalnor labor should at any time or inany circumstances take action thatwould put in jeopardy the publicwelfare."He has what some may criticizeas a far vision of "peace smiling onthe Mexican border" as a result ofa realization by those people thatthe United States has no lust ofpnnnupct r.or a disposition to disturb their sovereign rights. He iswise in refraining from any threatof armed invasion which only couldfurther agitate that eruptive country. Answering Senator Harding's argument foi government by partieshe properly places the people aboveparty, and gives assurance that uelected no pretext of party lesponsibility will draw him from his obligation to the people.LostSARATOGA SPRINGS, N. Y.,Aug. 12. The scene at Fasig-Tip-ton'ssales mart Friday night at thesale of yearlings, comprising' consignments from A. B. Hancock's Kentucky Claiborne and Virginia Ellerslie Studs, Captain P. M. Walker'sPaige Brook Stud, Admiral Carey T.Grayson, Charlton Clay, o'f BourbonCounty, Ky., and H. Flippen, rivaledthe most notable social affair for theforemost leaders in American societyarrayed in costly evening gowns comprised a goodly portion of the gallery. Prizes realized for the youngsters,while not up to the mark of last season, however, was satisfactory andshowed the juvenile market still holding up.The thirty-three youngsters thatA. B. Hancock consigned realized thehandsome total of $97,850, an average of $2,965. The star of the lot,as well as the highest priced one ofthe entire sale, was the brown coltby Rockview ;Gold, which went toW. R. Midgely, acting for Mrs. HarryPayne Whitley, on a bid of $14,000.The same purchaser also secured thechestnut Celt Net Work filly for$12,500.The sale of the Jim GaffneyAlice Dudley colt came only after aspirited tilt between Commander J.K. L. Ross and J. S. Cosden, Commander Ross finally securing theyoungster on his bid of $12,600.There were forty-eight yearlingssold for a grand total bf $128,950, agrand average of $2,686.45. Ten ofthe youngsters consigned by CaptainWalker went for $11,100, an averageof $1,110. The two colts concignedby Admiral Carey T. Grayson realized $3,800, an average of $1,900.The two colts consigned by Charlton Clay, of Paris, Ky., which .em-bracey the Jim Gaffney Alice Dudley colt, totaled $14,400, an averageof $7,200.By comparison with last year's saleof Hancock yearlings there was anoticeable slump, but the master ofClaiborne and Ellerslie Studs expressed satisfaction.The complete sale follows:Br c by Celt Darkwater; W. R.Midgely, $8,000.Ch c by Celt Sand Dune; W. R.Midgely, $2,600.Ch f by Celt Logistilla; S. Willetts, $750.Ch f by Celt Fox Trot; QuincyStable, $2,000.B or br c by Celt Moisant; William Garth, $2,800.B f by Wrack Delft; E. J. Trantoi (agent), $3,000.B c by Wrack Bold Lady; William Garth, $3,600.B f by Rock View Gold; W. R.Midgely, $14,000.Ch f by Rock View Belle Fluer;F. Johnson, $900.Br f by Celt Toots; WilliamGarth, $1,200.Ch c by Belt Workmaid; SchwartzBros., $5,000.Ch c by Celt Pyramid; SchwartzBros., $3,000.B f bv Celt :Honey Bee; R. B.Gentry, $5,000.Br c by Celt Silent Queen ; S. Mc-Somewhere in Paris a gold ringwith red cameo setting. Had cordstring attached. Finder can securea reward Of $10 by returning thering toJOHN- (PETE) CAIN.(aug6-tf)Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and terms.Write or call for this big list. Makeyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,'Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot)Feathers 'Fir Sale.A large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.FoundIn East Paris, a leather automobile side curtain, for left side.Owner can secure same by callingat this office, and paying advertising charges. (6-3t)ANNOUNCEMENTS.LostGold band ring, with initials,"N. F. M." engraved on inside.Liberal reward to finder, if returned to 610 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.(6-tf)For SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.For SaleAgent WantedLady or gentleman agent in theCity of Paris for Watkins' FamousProducts. Known everywhere. Bigprofits. WriteJ. R. WATKINS CO.,55, Memphis, Tenn.(10-4t)LostBetween the North Middletownpike and East Paris, a pocketbookcontaining three $20 bills. Finderplease call Cumberland Phone1012, and receive liberal reward.JOHN LINDSAY, JR.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1921. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Dougi' Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your supporf and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR JAILEREd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.(aug3-tf)LISTENFOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.A Singer Sewing Machine and abicycle. Both in excellent condition, bicycle having been used verylittle. Call 614 over CumberlandPhone for information, or apply af240 Scott avenue. (3-4t)Service Taxi Co,(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. R. MASTERS0N, Prop.Both 'Phones 204.Taxi and Track Service Day andNight.Will Run One Car Daily "ExceptSunday, Prom Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT,ON PETITIONNOTICE OF SALEi enemy uuiii w i."o wjwui.to the American principlejority rule." He unflinclWhen Secretary Of State VaughnTeturned Friday night from PaintsTiile to Frankfort, he found a letteron his desk from L. L. Bristow, ofGeorgetown, withdrawing from thelacefor the Republican nominationr Congress. The letter was written Friday, but Vaughn, not bein?:there, did not receive it until Monday. It,will be entered in the files asof Friday night, and as a result'Cokgreftsman J. Campbell Cantrill-clll bfc no.ojjpotion."V-"5"' . '"- ? . i - ,At a meeting of the, Burley Tobacco Growers held in Lexington,Kentucky, August 4, 1920, with arepresentation of 29 counties inKentucky, Ohio and Indiana, it wasvoted that the Secretary communicate with the Burley counties of theentire district of Kentucky, Ohio,Indiana and West Virginia and insist that a mass meeting be held ineach county on August 14, at 1:30p. m., for the purpose of selectingdelegates to send to Lexington, Ky.,August 18, 1S20.oWhy High Noon Weddings.All of us frequently use expressionsof which we do not really know themeaning. Did you, for example, knowthat noon is the traditional hour fora wedding ceremony because in theolden days in England the bridegroomcould not be relied upon to be soberany later in the day than this hour.?Naughton, $1,500Br f by Celt Follie Levy; Mount- JAMES McCLURE, ETC.,Ch f by Celt Tuscan Red ; W. M.Wallace, $2,500.. Ch f bv Celt Marathon II.; J. K.L. Ross, $1,300.Br f bv Ballot New Haven ; E. B.McLean, $1,100.Ch c by Jim Gaffney Royal Message; J. K. L. Ross, $3,500.Ch c by Jim Gaffney Alice Dudley; J. K. L. Ross, $12,600.B f by Wrack Ellerslie; W. R.Midgely, S800.Ch c by Wrack Lady Elite; WilliamGarth, $1,800.B c by Wrack Aurine ; F. D. Weir$1,700.B c by Wrack Diamontina; S. A.Clopton, $700.B f bv Wrack Single Shot; J. C.Milam, $500.Br or blk f by Wrack March PastII. ; Admiral Grayson, $1,400.Br c by Martinet Rod and Gun;F. D. Weir, $4,000.B c by Martinet Morning Glory;J. C. Milam, $1,700.Ch f by Martinet La Gloria; S. A.Clopton, $700.B f by Martinet Responseful ; W.T. Anderson, $600.Ch f by Dick Finnell FederalGirl; William Garth, $300.Ch c by Madrigalian MarshLight; L. J. Garth, $500.Ch c by Celt Gelee; S. A. Clopton, $500.Ch c by Celt Clara Blele; J.Arthur, $500.B f by Celt Clara Atkin; W. J.Salmon, $1,000.B f by Wrack Trojan Belle; H.Rosacker, $200.Blk c bv Bard of Hope LicketySplit; W. Tremper $250.B or br c by Madrigalian Fanchette; Louis Garth, $500.B f bv Madman Mamie K. ; Quincy Stable, $600.Blk c bv Lough Fovle Haversack;R. P. Smith, $1,050.B f by Lough Foyle Lydia A. :J. Carey, $500.Ch f bv Celt Network; W.Midnlev, $12,500.Blk f by Celt Bopolink II.; ETrantor (agent). $5,100.B f by Celt Pietra; Mountf ord JJones, $2,5UU.Ormonda, ch m 4, by SupermanPrincess Ormonde; J. E. Widener,$5,500.Complete you home with one otour Pianos, Player Pianos or UaD-iHV.1. O.U1H..1I5 l.lU,V,UUV.O. ,, v ,.. ,only guarantee our instruments, butadjust anything that may at sometime be required.We do this, as our reoresentative.Mr. Geis, is a factory experienced.man, naving spent a numoer otj ears in factories manufacturinghighest grade musical instruments.We do tuning and repairing of allkinds, also handle latest Music Rollsand Records.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,J. B. GEIS, Representative.(aug6-tf-F)FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the Northj Middletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,fof Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters of3ourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAXSIONER.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.EXCURSIONCincinnati, O.and returnviain cr i n i y r- - i $1.95 L. & N.atjto eepahung akd gen- Sunday, August 15,$1.951920ERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.. returning:, will leave! "CliflT.-! T Q4"wre CfofiAti f1ln?TitnfiA'uunu oucoi oiu"i iii.iaiiio.i.i,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ci'.y Time. .For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.Become a Trained Children's NurseyClass opens September 1, 1920. Course one and a half years. Requirements one year in High School, or its equivalent. For particulars, address,CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL. NORTH MAM STREET.MT. AUBURN, CINCINNATI, OHIO.Graduates from this Hospital are in great demand, and commandexcellent salaries. (aug3-4t;ssm-tj-S3S-:i3aa 3a i -iimiii,j.i.TOaL.R.J.FEED CHICKENS SOUR MILKSour milk ' ov buttermilk willmake eggs very, fast and is one ofthe cheapest egg producing feedtmi the maikef-. Make an effort toViy some of this feed for yourcliickens, if you do not have thomilk at hojme perhaps a neighborwill sell you some cheap.The accomplishment of a greattask seems,, to but xeSult yi, pointingout greatsr ones, yet unsolved.AUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term, 1920, of the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Cqmmissioner, on'.Saturday, Aug. 21, 1920,0"M THE PREMISES,At about Ihe 'lour of 11 a. m.,will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder the following desciibed property:A lot on Main street, in the Cityof Paris 66 feet 8 inches front onMain Street, and running back thesame width of Laurel street,186 feet, more or less, to Highstieet, being bounded on the Eastby said Laurel street, on the Wesrby a lot of Mrs. Elizabeth Ryanand being the same property conveyed to Emily Parker by Jas. M.Thojmas by deed recorded in theoffice of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, in Deed Book 64,page 545; said deed being datedJune 15th, 1S80.But there is excepted from theabove boundary so much thereoi itswas conveyed to T. M. Funk by Emily Parker, etc., by deed of recordin said office in Deed Book 104, page471 and therein described as fqllows: Beginning at a point where firstand second parties' line corners toHigh street, Paris, Kentucky; thenceilh margin of said street as it meanders in a Northerly direction 15ffet; thence in a Southerly direction 105 feet to a point in the division line of the first and secondparties.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six apd twelve months,i-ha mirr.haser or nurchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondsuih good and approved surety forone-half of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthstrom date of sale until paid.The net share of the infant(1-10) shall lemain a lien upon th?property until the infant's guardianqualifies and executes bond as required by law, or until said infantbecomes twenty-one years of age,and so (much of the purchase moneyns represents the infant's share willdraw interest at six per cent. (6)from date until paid.Said sale is made for the purposaof settling the estate of the decedent, and for a division of the proceeds" among the parties interested. " O. T. HINTON, .Master .Commissioner B. C. C6-XZ-6VJWANDER BACKASong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETtlHHIiliisiiisiOPP. COURT HOUSE,ZIEWMMMWMZW?Wi2ns--i-zwTWx -z..tmc.THE SHADESINDIANA'S "GARDEN OF THE GODS"(Cool Inviting Pictures quse)The most complete change of Within the shortest distancescenery for everyone from everywhereOPEN FROM MAY UNTIL NOVEMBERHOTEL Well Marked Highways GARAGEFREE ROAD MAP FURNISHED ON APPLICATIONJ. FR1SZ, Manager WAVELAND. IND.Till Aug T27FDRINKRTELSDOUBUrVARKThe Drink that Leaves a Pleasant Memoryv Have it in your home at all timesThe OERTEL Co., Louisville, Ky.IncorporatedMakers of Oertels Double Dark, Oertels Dark and Oertels 'Light. Martin; Chemical Co., Distributors, Winchcsttr, Ky.V t . Till Aug 27F ' . , ' .. , , ''S- A,t xfi t""yiirt Jf '4.-H iV-i,VX7 AV.,k ,i.j t-W.3 V1 U -'" FRIDAY, AUGUST 13, 1920TfLE BOUllBOM NEWS,, PARIS,i, KENTUi(XT - tiOLBBlBPLjVv iinHjWAHTS KECEIVEE NAMED FORWEEGHMAN.A woman's fondest hope is to stayyoung. She oftn resorts to paints,powders and cosmetics to hide heryears. Some women pay large sums toBo-caUed "Beauty Doctors'' in the belief that money will buy youth. Otherswear girlish dresses, thinking they canfool the world about their age. Butno one is deceiyed. The more you tryto hide your age, the more it sEowsTThere is but one thing that holds oldago baek, and that is health. Sickaess" 'and weakness bring old age early inlife. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is a building-up medicine forwomen. It makes them healthy andstrong when they suffer from women'stroubles. It keeps them looking youngby keeping them well. It is a woman 'stonic for the frail, the delicate andthose who are nervous, dizzy and whohave backache and dragging pains,favorite Prescription is altogetherVegetable a&d -without a particle ofalcohol. It is safe to takp. Try itnow. . In ta&iet c?:iiii&';r)a a alldrjgriapr semdI5f t; trl pad6of 'tf&l&ts to Br.'wifce's Inatts'". . ?SteTln Buffalo, 2& YX- sGOOD STORY TOLD ON PEARLWHITEWhile Pearl White, the movie actress, and her company were atPiaeville, Ky., recently Riming portions of the screen adaption ofCharles Neville Buck's novel, "TheTyranny of Weakness," the star became much attached to a sleek littlered calf which frolicked about thegrounds of the hotel where thecompany was stopping. Every dayMiss White had a romp with thecalf, and the latter soon began towatch for her when she came homefrom her excursions into the neighboring hills.One morning as she was leavingfor work she looked for the calf, butlie was not to be seen. Calling toone of the "darkies" who waited onthe table, &he asked:"What's become of my calf? He'snot buckeyed, I hope," this beingthe only bovine ailment that MissWhite had ever heard of."No'm, he ain't buckeyed," responded the negro, grinning. "Yoball ete him fob suppab las' night."oYes, business can best be described as dizzy, but taking everythinginto consideration one must allowthat it's good.IF YOU ARE OVER 40. . ItWiUP.yYwWeDto occasionally flush the system of Qimpurities: to sweeten the stomach;gently move the bowels; cast thepoisons from the kidneys and enrichthe weak; starved blood. Nature camonly be assisted by nature.Bulgarian Blood Teait Nature's Rarest Prescription.CHICAGO, August 12. A retition was filed in behalf of theceivership has been asked for Chas.Weeghman, owner of restaurantsand stockholder in the Chicago National League Club, according toLewis Pennish, attorney.- Pennish said the receivorship petition wouud be filed in behalf of thSecurity Flour Co., a creditor, withclaims of $2,000."Lucky Charley," as Weeghmanwas known, began work as a waiter.With $500 he started a restaurant.Soon he owned a -number.In 1914 he backed the ChicagoFederal League Club and built apark on the North-side, the presenthome of the Cubs.Later he made peace with organized baseball and purchased theCubs. Associated with him wereWilliam Wrigley, Jr., J. Ogden Armour and other wealthy Chicagoans. He since has disposed of mostof his stock. i --The petition will allege his baseball investments brought on financial embarrassment.Weeghman was divorced lastApril. His wife named a "youngand attractive woman." She wasawarded $400 a month and custodyof their daughter. At the time herbill estimated his fortune at$1,000,000 and his income at $25,000 a year.ATTENTION TO THIS, TOBACCOGROWERS.Tobacco Growers are requested tofill out; clip and mail this couponon or before August 15, to B. M.Mansfield, Secretary, Carrolton,Kentucky:Do you favor a permanent organization of Burley Tobacco Growers? Do you favor a cut out of the1921 crop?Do you oppose a cut out of the3 921 crop?What action on the part of BurleyTobacco Growers do you favor?. . . .NamePostofficeCountyStateIf you wish to express your viewsmore at length write a letter.B-- SLAY THE WEEDSThe weeds are growing high andshould be cut during August andthis is also an ideal time for cleaning all fence rows where weeds andbushes are growing. Weeds detractfrom hie looks of the fanm andwhen allowed to grow, soon causeseed to be carried over the farm,when a little work in August wouldkeep the weeds down and interfere with -next year's crop. Whenweeds and bushes are cut,- burnthem. The farm without weeds ismost valuable.oRAILROAD RETURN TICKETSWILL BE HONOREDSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our' People Here, There andElsewhere.- - 12 " - .Announcement was made by theInterstate Commerce Commission atWashington that the railroads hadproposed that return ticket couponspurchased prior to Aug. 26, the effective day of the increased passenger fares, be honored. The commission has the proposal under consideration and is expected to approveit.The question of the status of mileage books and commutation ticketspurchased prior to Aug. 26, also isbeing considered by the commissionand a decision probably will be madeI within a few days.&First Mortgage Gold BondsThe Standard Safe 6 Investment BecauseThey are first mortgages on definite; pieces of choice Improved Louisville, Beal Estate.They yield 6 net from date of pur. chase.They are not subject to market fluctuations.'MATURITIES FROM 1 TO 12 YEARS, IN AMOUNTS OF $100,-$500,-$1,000.Write today for further information.CONSOLIDATED REALTY CO.231 SOUTH FIFTH STREET, LOUISVILLE, KY.J E. S. Wootley,MmnagtT Bond Department.They are safe from labor troublesand economic changes.Their purchase is a confidential matter. They are backed,by the ConsolidatedEealty Company, with assets of$1,000,000, and a. record of 20 yeanwithout a loss to investors.C C HleatUPresident.Henry M. Johntm,Secretary.Miss Ruth Soper has resignedher position as bookkeeper for theParis Gas & Electric Co.Mrs. A. J. Fee has returnedfrom a visit to 7her sister, Mrs.Jessie Sun, in Lexington.Miss Corinne Allen, of George -town,is' a guest of Mr, and Mrs.Redmon Talbott, near Paris.Miss Ruth Barclay; of Lexington, is visiting Miss Cladys Herrin,of South Main street, in this city.Mi&s Julia Walsh has returned' from a visit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati and Covington.Mrs. John Ewalt has as guestat her hqme on South High street,Mrs. George Myers, of Henderson.Mrs. Grant Robinson has returned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Slack, in Winchester. Miss Clara Hopper, of Louisville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Homer Shy, at their home in WhiteAddition.Mrs. Alice Fisher, of Carlisle,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. MayjmeRemington Parrish, at her home onHouston avenue.S. S. Brown and son, PrestonBrown, of Detroit, Mich., are guestsof Mr. Brown's daughter, Mrs. H. J.Grosche, on Seventh street.Mrs. Jaynes Savage and daughter, Miss Anna Katherine Savage,have returned from a visit to Mrs.R. B. Cameron, in Covington.Will Pryor, of Shelbyville, Ind..a former resident of this city andcounty, is a guest of his sister,Mrs. Walter Jett, in this city.Mrs. Scott Renick, of Winchester, is a guest of Mrs. W. H. Renickand Mr. and Mrs. James DuncanBell, at their home on High street.Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Polk andchildren have returned to theirhome in Cloverdale, Indiana, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Roger H. Burris, near Paris.Alvin Thompson, son of Mr.and Mrs. Albert S. Thompson, isconvalescing at the Massie Memorial Hospital, after a severe attackof typhoid fever.Miss Gerlrude Slicer has returned to her home from the MassieMemorial Hospital, where she recently underwent an operation forremoval of tonsils.Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., oZParis, and Mr. o,nd Mrs. EzekielArnold, of Newport, have gone to aMassachusetts summer resort to remain until September.Mrs. E. G. Salisbury, of Denver, Colo., sister of Dr. M. H.Dailey, and Mrs. Ernest Gohn, ofBrinkley, Ark., are guests at thehome of Dr. and Mrs. Dailey, onStoner avenue. This is Mrs. Salisbury's first visit to Paris in eightyears.Mr. and Mrs. M. Peale Collier vand two daughters, accompanied by Misses Vallette McClintock and Vernita Baldwin, are ona molor trip to Lake Chautauqua,New York, where they will remainwith the Bourbon county colonyfor several weeks.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, Mrs.Lewis Rogers and Mrs. J. WalterPayne, of Paris, attended the meeting of the Executive Board of theKentucky War Mothers, held inLexington. At this meeting planswere discussed for the annual convention to be held in Louisville, October 1.Maj. Hunt and Lieut. Correll,of the First Army Division, stationed at Camp Taylor, near Louisville,accompanied by Misses Sue LeeScoggan and Sara Jones, of Louisville, have returned to Louisville after a visit to the families of HiramRedmon, of Paris, and John J. Redmon and Charles C. Clarke, neaTNorth Middletown.(Other Personals on Page 5)o -CRIMSON CLOVER CIRCULARREADY.Methods -of sowing and the valueof the crimson clover has been ablydiscussed in a circular just off thepress, which can be produced bywriting to 4 the Experiment Station.The Department of Agrononiy at theCollege of Agriculture has foundthat crimson clover is one of thebest soiling and green manuringcrops. This crop should be sownduring the early part of August andabout 20 pounds of seed to the acrehe used. This 'can be sown with aclover seeder, followed by light disking so as to cover the seed, or bythe clover seed attachment found onmost grain diills., n-SAVE WASTE PAPERSPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS FORGOV. COX. . .DAYTON, O., Aug. 12. Ten immediate engagements for Gov. JamesM. Cox to carry personally to thepeople the Democratic cause outlined in his address accepting thePresidential nominee, have been announced. The Governor will begin his traveling campaign Thursday at CampPerry, Ohio. Other dates announcedwere:August 14, Wheeling, W. Va. (twoaddresses); August 17, Columbus,Ohio; August 19, South Bend, Ind.;August 21, Canton, Ohio; August 25,Evansville, Ind.; August 27, Pittsburgh, Penn.; August 28, New YorkCity, and September 2, Columbus,Ohio.Other engagements probably willbe added, and early in September theGovernor will proceed with his tripto the West, including the PacificCoast, with itineraries thereafter virtually until election day.: oTHE WORRIES OF THE NEWSPAPER MEN 'IWe of the country press have gota lot of things to worry about, ifwe only take the time to worry.For instance, our city brethren,if they have a macine that costs asmuch as the "big press" of a countryweekly, would sit up nights with ittrying to figure out how much itcosts them to run it a year. They'dfigure in the amount of the buildingit occupies and how. much of theirrent goes to pay for the space. Thenthey'd find out how much the depreciation would be at 10 per centper year; the interest on the original investment; the oil it takes torun it; the belts, power, insuranceand finally figure out how much ofthe telephone bill is supposed to becharged to it.We suppose this is all right andshould be done, but who's going todo it this hot weather?The city printer may find it easyto figure out these things when hesits under the cool breeze of an eleotrie fan, but we of the countrypress have to leave the office andhunt up the shade of the big treedown in front of the blacksmithshop.PULL'OP ZINC.Iron is an ingredient of the human body. Nearly everone knowsthat.So is zinc!That has just been discoveredby Professor Delezenne, of the Pasteur Institute, of Paris.He came upon the fact by accident, and has spent much time seeking the purposes and uses of zinc inman.He found it has something to dowith the process of nutrition. Thepresence of zinc in small but sufficient quantities is necessary if one i3to be well -nourished."He's looking well and hearty,"you say of a friend. The new answerto that is, "Yes, he is! He must befull of zinc!"tiAnd Now we are Making Contracts ForFallPaintingOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleasjriLNOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILL .BE HIGHER!.Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKYIJii.r'---.1---....ra a-g-snnazEEiBEaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiimWilliam K. Hacjan G- ybNArchitects c5- Engineer.vPARiy. Ky.nzyr national bankriiiiiifii-!itiniiiii!iiii:!iiiiiijiiirviMiM(iiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiisiiii.iiiii'i.xtti;i&iiT;iiiittiti:iii!3sii3iiTi7iiiitiiiiiiiifi.itiiiiiiiiir jga?gS!5ggi5;ggSflT5..i.itfai3Mjffram"jWByWKJDealers Everywhereare doing a big business in these rebuilt army hoes and making quickturnovers.I Can Supply You With Any QuantityIn Lots of a Dozen Pairs and MoreChoice of hobnailed and plain solesin these two styles as shown, assorted sizes, as wanted. Every manwho does outdoor work will bequick to buy these shoes.WHAT SEED TO SAVEThe College of Agriculture recommends that, in some instances,seed can be saved to advantage by1he farmer. For example, a fewears of a good variety of sweet cornmay be allowed to mature and maybe gathered and hung up in a dryplace, thereby insuring the farmerof having some seed of the good variety of sweet corn. Seed fromstring beans can be saved, if 'thegardener will allow a few of thebean pods to mature on the plants.These should be gathered after maturity and placed in a containerwhere no moisture can get to them.In ttie case of lettuce and radishes,seed can be saved, although it isnot considered a practical thing todo. As a general rule, the averagefarmer will do well to "buy his seedevery year from some good reliableseed house with the exception ofsuch cases as have been mentioned,namely, corn and string beans.Attention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have the Ijt:rNUirNfc. aukiii wikc rcrNt-c, given -upby all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouse"Cumberland Phont 997Home Phone 297MIHiiHSJ ,gr::--.rt,tairlstlliiHllITFew of us realize the importanceof saving waste paper. To-daywhen the country is threatenedwitti a wood and paper famine andour forests are disappearing so rapidly every effort should be made tosave every scrap of paper. It is estimated that the saving of paperwould make it possible to save over1,000,000,000 feet of lumber eachyear. Waste paper, such as oldmagazines, books, all kinds of printed matter and paper books takes theplace of wood pulp and saves millions of trees. Such material isused for paper, making paper boxes,roofin and building boards andpaper shipping containers of . allkinds, which carry as piuch as 100pounds. If every one would savethe waste paper in his home it wouldnot be necessary to use a single treefor such material. It would require more than 500,000,000 feet oflumber each year to make the papershipping cases used throughout thecountry.oIf labor did not spend so muchtime in nursing ill feelings and falseintentions, what a wonderful increase .in production there -ould be.Mr.EIIiVCashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.:l1XIced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesiBoth PhonesFree Delivery.it mnBI11HmH-tearAt)HkVJnewDB1: - msr-1 ri- iSUPERIOR WOOLEN MILSAt 122 N. LmMstMMLEXINGTON, KY.,-vmI0B111IibHHmr- u - . , ,- ' -N-rV -it.",.1.;.--FACSMUftTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFJtlDAY, AUGUST 13, 1J20COIN AND WHEAT THE PALMERS' SLOGAHT.Tlie first plowing for corn and"wheat is now being started by thefarmers, and it is claimed by manytwice the wheat acreage of the county .will be recorded another year.Plowing for wheat and corn, accord- jing to a Bourbon county farmer-who was caught here by the heavyrain yesterday, will occupy the attention of the farmers until coldweather, and there are prospects ofIhe biggest acreage of wheat andcorn in the next year in a decade.This matter has practically been settled upon, and the work will berushed frojm the start, which is nowbeing made.The decision of many to do awaywith the tobacco crop next yearalso adds to the interest of theother products, which will be morein evidence during the year 1921.The average farmer will not stakehis all on tobacco, as in the yearspast, and especially the past twoyears. There have been many wonderful crops produced and a largeamount of money has been realized.However, the condition has changed, according to well-posted Bourbon county men, who are changingtheir plans for the future. They alsostate that the land which has been'given over to tobacco steadily foryears will be benefitted by thechange.EDITORIAL FUNGSSome of these restaurant ownerswho found a cup of coffee costs them6.5 cents and had to be sold for 7cents seem to have decided on second thought that it is better to losemoney than to sell no coffee.There is nothing rancorous aboutus and we don't own a car, but wehave to step so lively out of the wayof those who do we hail with a certain modified rapture the suggestionof a learned judge that prison termsrather than fines, be assessed forspeeding.Freestone peaches are beingbrought to the Paris market inlarge quantities. A good price isbeing paid for them in this vicinity,it being the favorite peach, the producers elaim. Still, there are otherpeaches" in Paris, rather inclinedto the "cling" variety. Yee-ow!Eastern professois are getting itfigured out so that by following awell laid plan a person can live ontwenty-five cents a day. Some ofthese Paris mathematical sharpswill soon be figuring it out that aman can read over a bill of fareand satisfy his stojraach by swallowing his words.-..'Rain's not far away when youSECRETARY HARRISON ISELECTED EOR YEAR.RE-Mr. C. B. Harrison, who has mostacceptably filled the position ofGeneral Secretary of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., will continue todischarge the duties of that positionfor another year. Mr. Harrison wasre-elected at a recent jmeeting of theBoard of Directors, held at the Y.M. C. A.In- re-electing Mr. Harrison theBoard sets the seal of approval uponthe past work and record of a firstclass Y worker. Mr. Harrison hasproved the right man in his position and has done much to make theY. M. C. A. a more popular institution in Pari. He is thoroughlycapable, a man of sound businessjudgment, and is sure of the goodgraces of the newspaper fraternityof Paris, to whom he has always beencourteous and accommodating.PHYSICIAN INJURED.While working in the operatingroom at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Dr. Chailes G. Daughertyslipped and fell, his head strikingIhe edge of a steam radiator, cuttinga gash which required severalstitches to close. The wound wasdressed, and Dr. Daugherty was ableo resume his work.The Fair!Important NoticeTremendous increases in freightrats take effect on August 26,which amount to hundreds of millions of dollars.-We wish to call your attention tothe advantage in buying before thisadvance.TWO BIG BARGAIN DAYSTo-day and To-morrowHigh Grade Bird Seed, 1 pound in.a box, 18c a box.Regular 10c Cake MedicatedToilet Soap. 5c ar cake.Seconds. Plain White Cup tindSaucers, 98c a set,- One Pint Tin Cups, each 5c.Enameled Steel Chambers,, Child's size, each 47c.Spring Mouse Traps, 3 for 5c.Jelly Glasses, each 3c.Colonial Glass Tumblers, each7 :c'ents.Crystal Glass Goblets, 98c set.Gray Enameled Steel CookingKettles, 3 6 qt. size, regular price$2.98, special $1.95.Shallow Handled Granite BakingPans, each 10c.Tin Pie Pans, large size, 5c.25c Cot tan Gloves, 19c a pair.THE FAIR.The BestFountain PenWe Tiave just received a complete line of the famousI.E. WATERMANSELF-FILLINGFOUNTAIN PENSCome and select one. If yourold pen (any make) needs repairs bring it to us.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHC .REXALL STOREBctk fkohes Parish Ky.see the white side of the leaf of -atree turned by the wind," said aParis man Sunday,, and just beforethe heavy rain Sunday afternoon itwas noted that the south winds hadturned the leaves of the trees sothat the white instead of the greenside of the leaves could be seen.The automobile industry is doing much for labor. It gives directemployment to about two millionpeople besides doing considerablem the way of lessening the numberof people wanting jobs. In the latter respect it is doing a great workfor the physicians, hospitals, druggists, undertakers, coroners andgravediggei s.The Excess-Profits Tax is beingcursed by everyone. And the salestax is being approved by everyone.These are matters into which weventure with trepidation. What wedon't know about them would fillsome very sizable libraries. Butthere is one thing we do know, onething as to which we entertain no.the faintest glimmering of doubt.They have one feature in common.In the end the consumer pays themboth.A Georgetown paper told recently of a woman who started to townfrom Sadieville, in Scott county,with some cream, but upon arrivalfound that she had butter instead ofcream, due to the bad condition ofthe roads over which she traveled.That's nothing. We heard sometime ago of a Bourbon county manstarting from North Middle town toParis with four silver dollars in hispocket. By the time he reached theBourbon Lumber Co.'s place of business the dollars had worn down todi(mes. That was when the roadsand the streets were rough!Paris man's soliloquy after aday's grind amid the noises openmufflers, rattling wagons, shirekingwhistles, clanging bells, sellingkids, added to the regular nervei asking work of the day:Vlt seems to me I'd like to goWhere bells don't ring nor whistlesblowNor clocks don't strike nor gongsdon't soundAnd I'd .have stillness all around.Not real stillness, but just the trees'Low whispering, or the hum of bees,Or brooks, faint bubbling over stonesIn sti-angely, softly tangled tones."oTAX COMMISSIONER'S NOTICE.Wishing to correct a mistakenidea that seems to be currentrelative to the law governinglisting of taxes, we wish tonotify the public that the lawis the same as last year, and itis each one's duty to report inperson, if possible, at our officein basement of Court House.You will kindly note this andcall at ypur earliest convenience. WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.J. J. REDMON, Deputy. .july!3-tfQUEEEPRANKS ARE PLAYEDBY LIGHTNINGDuring a thunderstorm Monday,a lightning bolt struck a chimneyof the residence of Richard Boyd,six miles from Hopkinsville, demolishing the chimney, tore up the interior of the bedroom, ruined muchof the furniture, discharged a riflestanding behind the bedr andbursted the barrel, but did not injure Mr. Boyd, who was lying on thebed. He ascribes his escape to thefact that he was on a feather tick."If lightning should strike thistent to-night, how many would beready for it?" Rev. John Timber,evangelist, asked a congregation ofFree Methodists crowding a tent atSpringville, near Laporte, Ind.',as a thunder stonm was threatening,was threatening.A few moments later a bolt oflightning entered the canvas top,killed two ministeis on the platform, burned the Rev. Mr. Timberdangerously and knocked downmany of the worshipers.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoLIGHTNING STRIKES BARNSRELIGIOUS.A tobacco barn on the farm of IWm. Jones, near North Middletown,was struck by lightning during alecent heavy rain and electricalstorm and set on fire. Prompt action by farm hands on the place extinguished the blaze before it haddone (much damage. The barn ofJ. C. Bryant- nearby, was also struckby lightning. Four meiv who hadtaken refuge in the barn from thestorm were knocked down, but werouninjured.The large barn of Mr. J. O.Evajis, on the Pretty Run pike,'near North Middletown, was struckby lightning, and destroyed, together with its contents, a largequantity of bluegrass seed, baledhay, farming implements, etc. Theloss is estimated at $15,000.POSTMASERS ELECT OFFICERS.The Kentucky State. League oiPostmasters re-elected C. A. Bell.Bedford, president and elected otherofficers for the ensuing year as follows: ,First vice-president, J. B. Wise?Stithton; second vice-president. MissMarie Hagan, New Haven; thirdvice-president, E. F. Thopiasson,Livermore; fourth vice-president,Miss Alice Reed, Brandeburg; secretary, W. H. Atterberry, Mimford-.vilJe; treasurer, James M. Turnei,"Cadiz. 4BASE BALL GAMESThe anuual meeting of theBourbon County Sunday School Association will be held in the Christian church, at North Middletown,on Thursday, August 19. An invitation to attend is extended everyone interested in Bible School work.Since November 1, of the pastyear a total of 172 new memberohas been added to the congregation of the Paris Baptist chuTch.Very recent additions were Mrs.Fitzpatrick and daughter, who united with the church at the night service last Sunday. $A revival meeting, conductedby B. Wilson, a saved and sanctified,Indian began last night at the Wilson. Chajiel, near the HoustonCreek bridge on the Georgetownpike. The minister is said to be aspeaker of great eloquence. Thepublic is extended sC cordial invitation to attend these services.Rev. Everette Smith, of Hopkinsville, is conducting a revivalmeeting in the Christian church atLittle Rock. Rev. Smith is a nativeof Bourbon county, his birthplacebeing near Jackstown. The meetings are attracting a large attendance to each nightly service.Large crowds continue to attend the revival meetings beingconducted in the Ruddles MillsChristian church by Rev. - Linville.a former resident of that place.Rev. Linville's sermons are provingpowerful end convincing and delivered with all the eloquence of whichhe is a master.Rev. Frank M. Tinder, pastorof the North Middletown Christianchurch, is assisting Rev. R. H.Ellett, pastor of the ClintonvilleChristian church, in a revival atthe Clintonville church. Servicesbegin at 7:30 o'clock each evening.The music will be a special featureof the meeting.The third annual Adult BibleClass and Church Efficiency Conference, under auspices of the State"Young Men's Christian Associationand the Kentucky Sunday SchoolAssociation, will be held at CampDaniel Boone, on the KentuckyRiver, August 21 to 24. The second annual conference of the lastyear was largely attended, and aneffort is being made to obtairt alarge attendance of jministers, Sunday School teachers and officersthis year. The general object ofthe conference is to bring togetherministers, adult teachers and Sunday School officers and workers inan atmosphere of good fellowshipand recreation for conference andaddresses on methods of work. MissOlivia Oir, of Paris, will be iucharge of the promotion of the conference on women's organized Bibleclasses.CHANGES ULO. PASSENGERSERVICEA big change has been made inthe Louisville & Nashville passenger service on the Maysville & Pari?division, beginning Tuesday. Thetrain leaving Maysville at 5:30 a.in., and which has heretofore runthrough solid to Louisville by wayof Paris and Lexington, now onlygoes at far as Paris, making twotrips a day between Paris andLexington. A new train from Cincinnati to Winchester, throughParis, run as a fast line, has beenput on, and from there it goes onto Stanford as an accommodation.Yes, business can beet be described as dizzy, but taking everythinginto consideration one must allowthat it's goodOne thing about being sensible i3that it is healthier and more peaceful than being foolish.Mrs. E. D. GiltnerTeacher of Piano and ViolinReturns Again to Paris,Monday. September 6, 1920.Summer Address,,171 North Ashland Street,Lexington, Ky.(augl3-4t-F)This Coupon isGood For SO CenlsOn Suits Cleaned and Pressed atELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.12 WEST FIFTH ST. PARIS, KENTUCKYThe CentervilleSunday afternoonteam met defeatat the hands ofihe Newtown sluggers in a one-subject of the sermon at the elevensided game played on the Centervillegrounds. The score stood 13 to 0.The game was featured by thepitching of McCord for Newtown,who allowed only two hits andfanned sixteen batters.Rain prevented the game scheduled for Sunday afternoon betweenthe Paris Quicksteps and the Middletown team. These teams willplay a double-header on the Parisgrounds near the Easten Fordbridge, Sunday afternoon. The firstgapne will be called at two o'clock.oMASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITALFo'clock service? "Always Have the'Best Possible Time" will be thetheme for Sunday night at 7:30.Both sermons by the pastor, Rev. T.S. Smyiie. Sunday School at 9:30 a.m. Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p.m. Everybody welcome.Miss Rebecca Purnell, who recently underwent an operation at theHospital for removal of tonsils, hasreturned to her home on Hendersonstreet, much improved. John T.Woodford, Jr., is a patient at theinstitution, having recently undergone the repnoval of tonsils. Mrs.Joseph Stivers underwent an operation at the institution yesterday.Mr. Wm. H. McMillan is at theHospital, taking the rest cure. MissElizabeth Embry and Master WodXord Wornall are among the numberwho have lately been in the institution, having underwent an oreration for removal of tonsils.oATTEND THE PUBLIC SALE OFBOARDMAN PROPERTYPRESBYTERIAN CHURCH"Listen, Earth," iwill be theATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)ANNOUNCEMENTS.IN AUTO COLLISION.Harris, Speakes & Harris willoffer at public sale on the premises,Seventh street, near High, at twoo'clock, Wednesday, August 18, theproperty of Mrs. J. XJ. Boardman.One of the most complete homes inthe city. Must be seen to be appreciated. Lot 77x130. Substantialtwo-story frame residence in firstclass repair. Convenient to schoolsand churches. Complete with allmodern conveniences. An idealhqme and location,HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(augl0-3t)oOFOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOHN H. DOTY, of Paris, as a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county,subject to the action of the Depiocratic party at the primary electionin August, 1921.- Clerks WantedClerks, (men, women) over 17,wanted for Postal Mail Service.$135 per month. ExaminationsAugust. Experience unnecessary.For free particulars, write J. Leonard, '(former Civil Service Examiner), 935 Equitable Building,Washington. (13-lt)Save Your StomachWhile delivering milk to customers near Boone and High streetsWednesday morning the deliverytruck driven by Miss Ida Arklecollided with a machine in whichDr. S. P. Mohney was riding. TheArkle machine was almost wrecked,Miss Arkle sustaining two brokenribs and severe bruises Dr. Mohney's machine was slightly damaged but he escaped injury. MissArkle was removed to her home,where she was .given medical attention. The accident was unavoidable, according to eye-witnesses.. oPUNISHING PROFITEERSA hill introduced in the. NationalAssembly at Budapest, which provides tor punishing jmale profited sby anmany as twenty-five "strokeson the soles of their' feet, puts theancient bastinado to a modern useand serves as a happy compromisebeaween those who believe in newand humane theories of punishmentand those who think that nothingis too bad for & profiteer.4144AAAAjii.BIRTHS. -TT'W'W'W'W-W-W'W'W'W'W'WWWIf people would only take careof their stomachs what a lot lesstrouble there would be in the world.To the wife of Joseph Turner,residing near Jackstown, a daughter, christened Aurora Dean Turner.Wednesday morning, to thewife of Hiram Roseberry, a finedaughter, weight eleven pounds,their first child. The newcopier hasbeen christened Christine ElizabethRogers Roseberry. Her mother wasformerly Miss Alice Rogers Clay.Mr. and Mrs. Roseberry are beingshowered with congratulations uponthe advent of the little one in theirhome.I They won't do it, though. They eattoo much and too often and thenhave to take medicine. We offeryou relief in the following remedies: Elix Lactated Pepsin, 2 ounces25c.Ess. of Pepsin, 2 ounces 25c.Milk of Magnesia, 30c and 60c.Charcoal Tablets, box 25c.Ess. Peppermint, per ounce 25c.GOV. YAGER RETURNS TO FOREIGN POST.Dr. Arthur Yager, of Georgetown, iGovernor of Porto Rico,, has returned to the island after a sojourn 4nKentucky with Mrs. Yager. TheGovernor has recovered from an Illness for which he was operated onTecently at Johns Hopkins Hospital,Baltimore. ,Seidlitz Powders, 'per package15c.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, 60c and$1.20.Diapepsin, 60 c.Bisurated Magnesia, 60c.Stewart's Dyspepsia Tablets, 60cJohnson Papoids, 30c.fvBellans, 30c.'iCodol Dyspepsia Tablets, 60c.Ki-Moids, 30c.R.J. SHEAPEOPLES PHAMACTPJioies 60. , Parit, Xy.INQUIRIES BY MAIL GIVEN PROMPT ATTENTIONfKnockaboutSchool Suits for BoysThedons' 'plans and specifica-upon which we build theseclothes call for sturdiness, stoutness, toughness and durability, andwe see that they measure up 100to our demands.We expect to be able to offer thesegoods during thex entire seasonbut we feel that our advice to youto buy now will afford you betterservice in our busheling departmentthan during the school rushbesides the selections are nowvery good.The Prices Are Oaly$10 $12 $15In placing the above prices on these good,serviceable suits for boys, of course you jinderstand they cannot possibly be reducedtoward midseason. The prices are cut to thebone in the first place that's the Crutcher& Storks' policy of Standardized Values.lOKRERURKSa FOURTH AND jf JEETERSONGranville ft. Burton 6 SonsLouv 77i Metropolis KentuckyWE CAREFULLY SELECT ALL GOODS FOR MAIL OAOCASd:!''V& ;ii.i ' i . w-j 4r . .f -lr 'V "3 " 4 " r- -'-bf ? .A ' ?' VW u-, f ' &&? 'FRIDAY, AUGUST 13, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYpage nm -iFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop offtobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)oSILK NECKWEAR AT 55c.Special sale as long as presentstock lasts, ?1 and 1.50 values at55 cents.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FOR SAIE.Gap healing- stove, in good condition. Two-burner, closed front, micain doors. A bargain for quick caslisale. Inquire at NEWS office.ICE CREAM SUPPER.An ice cream supper will be givenin the Old Union Christian church,on the Russell Cave pike, near theBouibon and Fayette county line, tomorrow evening at eight o'clock forthe benefit of the Cradle Roll of thechurch. The public is cordially invited to attend.RESIGNS POSITIONMiss Freida. M. Heller, of Paris,has tendered her resignation asteacher in the Newport High. Schoolto the School Commissioner. MissHeller has accepted the principalship of the Emfield High School, inNorth Carloina. Miss Hellqr willvisit her parents, Mr. and Mrs. P.M. Heller, in Paris, before going toEmfield to take her new position.oFIRE CHIEFS' MEETINGFiie Chief Swift McGoldrick, ofi he Paris fire department, has received an invitation to attend theannual convention of Kentucky firechiefs, to be held in Louisville,September 15, 16 and 17. FireChief W. H. Jesse, of Lexington, ispresident of the State Fire ChiefsAssociation, and Ed. Hite, of Lexington, formerly of Paris and Maysville, is secretary.oCALL ON THE EXIDE PEOPLEPOR SUPPLIESCall on the Exide people, at 209Main street, for auto supplies andthe famous Exide battery, the bestand most reliable on the market.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, 209 Main St., Paris, Ky.oBOURBON CAMPERS AT VERDUNCAMP.Fully equipped for a comfortable and profitable stay in camp, aparty of Bourbon county men arecamping at Verdun, on the KentuckyRiver, enjoying themselves fishing.The party is composed of W. T.3uckner Clay Gaitskill, FrankBuchanan, Kelly Haley, J. HalWoodfoid, Ben Woodford, JamesWoodford, Brooks Clay, Brutus Clayand Wjm. Crim.oHANDSOME CITY PROPERTY TOBE SOLD AUGUST 18.One of the best and most mo5-crnty-huilthomes in the city, thatof Mrs. J. U. Boardman, on Seventhstreet, will be offered at public saleWednesday, August 18, at twoo'clock, by Harris, Speakes & Harris. An ideal home, one that willhave to be seen to be properly appreciated. Completely equippedthroughout will all modern conveniences. Here is a home that someone can be happy in forever. Termsmade known on day of sale. Don'tfail to attend this sale.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(13-2t)0STILL SHOOTING AT US!(Carlisle Mercury)A Carlisle young man drove twomiles alone before he discovered thathis sweetheart had fallen out of theautomobile. Love-making in thatcity must lack some of the ardorthat characterizes it around Paris.Bouibon News.Possibly that unfortunate occurrence really happened, but is it two.miles from the Sto-ner bridge to theParis warehouses? Those who haveendure the agonies of jmotoringthrough Paris are well aware thatone may eas'ly lose his religionwhile bumping through tie sinkholes and shell craters which constitute a Parisian's conception of astreet, but to lose o-ne's best girlthis is too much!oTEACHERS ARE CAUTIONEDThere seems to have been a decided diversion when agriculturewas the subject at the examinationsof the various teachers of the State,since this matter has been broughtbefore the attention of the superintendent of county schools, with thesuggestion that teachers be especially instructed to pay particular attention to this theme.The averages of many are said tohave been cut down as a result oftheir Uck of interest in the technicalquestion of this subject. As a result there are agricultural examinations being made in various counties with the result that the averages are much better since specialstudy has been indulged in. This i&said to be one of the most importantsubjects connected with, the examinations in this Stater and it is derlnd that all instructors be "wellead" when it is concerned in any"tenner, Bince this instruction is imIerative at this perio.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our,People Here, There andElsewhere.frs. John McGinley is very illof blood poisoning at her home onCypress street.Will Napier, of near Paris, isvisiting friends and relatives atCrab Orchard.Miss Mary Peyton, of Pennsylvania, is visiting friends on Highstreet, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Bourne, ofParis, are visiting the foimer's father, H. H. Bourne, in Stanford.Miss Elizabeth Hill of Versailles, is a guest of her brother,Fred Hill, and Mrs. Hill, in thiscity.Miss Frances Kelley Stamper,of Georgetown, is a guest of MissOllie Atcheson, of South Mainstreet.Mrs. Jesse Letton, of Paris,spent the week-end ini Winchester,ss a guest of Mr. and Mrs. WilliamT. Perry.Mr. and Mrs.' Fred Wood, ofLexington, were recent guests ofthe latter's parents, Mayor andMrs. E. B. January.Mrs. Marshall Collins has returned to her hopie in Richmondafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. EarlCurtis, in this city.Mrs. Earl Swearengen and MissMaira Cummins, of Paris, attendedthe funeral and burial of Miss EllaAI. Miley, at Cynthiana.Mrs. H. H. Hughes, Jr., andchildren and Miss Margaret Calvert,of Louisville, are guests of Mrs.Redmon Talbott, near Paris.Miss Edna Biggers. guest ofMiss Belle Horton, is visiting relatives in Maysville, before returningto her home in Washington, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. John Cohen, orLouisville, are guests of Mrs.Cohen's brother, Clark Barnett, andMrs. Barnett, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Grant Brewer and twosons have returned to their homein St. Louis, Mo., after a visit toher sister, Mrs. Grover Layton, inthis city,Misses Alberta Myers, MaryEllis, Katherine Duncan and AnneWare Myers have returned from apleasant visit to Miss Sara Curie,in Cynthiana.Mrs. King Culbertson and little daughter, Mary Elizabeth, ofCincinnati, are guests of. her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Farrow,on Vine street.Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Marshalland Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathersare sojourning at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Indiana. Theywill return next Monday.Mrs. T. W. Medlin and daughter, Miss Mabel Medlin, of Middletown, Ohio, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Prather and otherBourbon county relatives.Mr., and Mrs. C. J. Hartley anddaugter, Miss May Hartley, haveleturned to their home in Cincinnati, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Ja. T. Hill, in White Addition.William Marshall is visiting hisgrandmother, Mrs. Mary Lydick, andMrs. James J. Curie, in Cynthiana,during the absence of his parents,who are at West Baden Springs.Clay Sutherland has returnedfrom a business trip to St. Louis,Mo. Duiing his absence Mrs. Sutherland and little daughter wereguests of relatives in Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. Percy Taylor andchildren have returned to theirhome in St. Louis, Mo., after a visitto the former's brother, D. G. Taylor, and Mrs. Taylor, at their homenear Paris.Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Stephensand children, Williapn and NancyStephens have returned to theirhome in Chillecothe, Ohio, after avisit to W. H. Whaley and sister,Miss Lizzie Whaley, in this city.Henry C. Lilleston, Mrs. MaryK. Harkaway and daughter, Mrs.Sue H. Besse, of Kansas City, areguests at the home of Misses Lilleston, of Higgins avenue. The partymade the trip Eastward in their automobile. Mrs. John T. Collins was hostessMonday; with a dinner at her homeon Broadway, to Mrs. Lafon Riker,of Harrodsburg, Mrs. H. G. Reynolds, of Paducah, Mrs. Ben Bayless,of Louisville, and several membersof the Bourbon County Federationof Womens' Clubs.Mr. John B. Elliott, of Lexington, president of the PhoenixAmusement Company, owning andoperating the Paris Grand OperaHouse and the Alamo Theatre, witha party Qf Lexington friends, visited Paris, Tuesday night and attended the performance at theGrand.The following young ladies ofParis have gone to Camp DanielBoone, the Y. M. C. A. summer campat Valley View, on the KentuckyRiver, for a weeks' stay: MissesHele,n Hutchcraft, Louise Martin,Frances Ann Steenbergen, Vivian.Wallingford, Eleanor Payne, RuthAdair and Emily Fithian.C. M. and J. C. Talbott andtheir sister, Mrs. J. R. Madison, entertained at their country home,near Cynthiana, in honor of a number of visiting friends. AmongIhose present were Mr. and Mrs. Edward Burris, Mr. and Mrs. TalbottBurris, of Paris, Mrs. John Marr,Miss Jane Marr and William LettonMarr, of Millersburg.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"Miss Sarah Curie entertained witha delightful lawn party one of thecharming affairs given in honor ofher house guests, Misses Anne WareMyers, Mary Ellis, Katherine Duncan, Alberta Myers and KatherineMcMurtry. The spacious groundswere hung with Japanese lanternsand made a fairyland picture withthe pretty costumes of the girls, thegreen sward and gay flower borders.In-dcors, the house is especiallyadapted for the accomjmodation ofmany guests and- the happy pleasureof about forty-five young people resounded through the rose bedeckedliving room and broad halls, madelovely with, golden-glow, After lightrefreshments of ices and cake, theguests, Hth. tardy leave taking, yot7led the party an affair long to beremembered.Mrs A. J. Fee, of Paris, andher sister, Mrs. Jessie Sun, of Lexington, visited friends in Winchester, Tuesday.Mr. and Airs. Stewart Haggardand son, of Paris, were guests thisweek of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Gay, onthe Boonesboro road, near Winchester. Mrs. G. W. Shepherd entertained Tuesday at her home inWinchester, in honor of Mrs. FrankHensley, who will leave soon tomake her home in Millersburg.The Winchester Golf Clubgave an enjoyable dance at theirClub house on the Boonesboro roadnear Winchester, Wednesday evening. Several from Paris attended.The Millersburg Dancing Clubwill give another of their enjoyabledances in the Opera House in thatcity on Tuesday evening, August24. The hours will be from 9:00 p.m. to 3:00 a. m. Music will be furnished by Smith's Sextette.Mrs. D. C. Parrish. of Paris,who has been very ill at the Goodi Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington,having recently undergone an operation, is now rapidly improving.Here pnany friends here hope shewill soon be restored to her usualhealth and strength.Air. Swift Champ, editor ofTHE NEWS, continues to improveslowly at his home on Pleasantstreet, being able to sit up at shoreintervals. Kis general condition ismuch better, and his physicians arehopeful for complete recovery in avery short time. His illness has extended ovei a period of three weeks.The Carlisle Mercury has thefollowing social note of interest toParis people: "Air. and Airs. Thornton Gorham, of Sharon, Pa., andDr. and Airs. Philip Benz, of Pittsburg, Pa., will arrive the latter partof the week to be guests of Airs.Alary Gorham, at her home oh, Alaplestreet."A postcard from Houston Rion,written at Seattle, Washington,says: "Take a look at the pictureof this old mountain (Alt. Rainer)covered now with snow, and cooloff. Know the weather is very hotdown in old Kentucky now. We arehaving a grand and glorious trip.Came from Los Angeles to Seattle."Judge Wallace Brown and wifeand two small sons, of Bardstown,are guests of Dr. J. A. Orr and sisters on Stoner avenue. JudgeBr.own is leturning from Dayton,O., where he has been in conferencewith Gov. Cox. Airs. Brown is apromenent club women, being president of the Wopnan's Club, ofBardstown.Airs. Allie Smith Dickson, entertained Alonday at her home inNoith Aliddletown, in honor of Airs.Lafon Riker, of Harrodsburg, Airs.Ben Bayless, of Louisville, and Airs.H. R. Reynold, of Paducah, officersof the State Federation of Woman'sClubs. At a luncheon Tuesday,Aliss Lucy B. Simpus, Mrs. John T.Collins and Airs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, of Paris, were present.(Other Personals on Page3.)o -REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAmong the many real estate dealsannounced Alonday by the Louisville Real Estate Board, was thepurchase of a residence at 1053Cherokee Road from the Consolidated Realty Co., by Airs. A. W. Johnson, of Paris.HEAVY RAINS YESTERDAYIf "every bit added to what wealready have makes a little bitmore," then Bourbon county, or(most of the county, has added a considerable portion of the world'sKtonk of moisture to what we havealready had on hand. Heavy rainsvisited this section Wednesday anayesteiday, at times amounting almost to the proportions of a cloudburst. The streets were soon arushing mass of (muddy water, andthe sewers were taxed to carry offthe surface water fast enough toprevent them from clogging withlubbish that had accumulated onthe streets.The rains this week have beenscattered, visiting different localitiesin the county on the same day.Every section of the county has nowexperienced reviving rains, doing avast amount of good.-GREGG'S ORCHESTRA CONCERTAT LEXINGTON SUNDAYThe following program will berendered by Gregg's Orchestra, orthe Paiis Grand Opera - House,- atWoodland Park, Sunday afternoon,and at Duncan Park, Sunday night,in Lexington:March, "Boy Scout's Parade;'selection from comic opera, "Princeof Pilsen;" Fox Trot, "Rose oraTachiTiortnn Snuare:" Collection ofSouthern Songs, "The Sunny South."Intermission. "Buell Blasts;" uranaSelection from "Rigoletto;" Waltz,"Pickaninny Blues;" Star SpangledBanner.: oAT THE PARIS GRAND AILNEXT WEEK.As an added attraction in additionto an excellent picture program TheParis Grand will present all nextweek Miss Rae Nye, known as the"Mysterious Girl." Miss Nye is considered 1o be the most wonderfullygifted mental telepathist and palmist in the world and will give somenne demonstrations of telepathicphenomena.. She has an answer forevery question, and her work will bea great surprise for all who attend,oREAD EVERY PAGEThe urge of necessity compels usto spread the news and other interesting items on other pages of THENEWS than those usually allottedto local happenings. Read everypage, and you will -not miss -themark. There's something on everyI page of THE NEWS worth' your perusal. Try it. , ,si 7 iSeeing is Believing117 m. 11we warn anot bargains at Simon's Closing Out Sale.N It's merchandise you need now rMerchandise you will need a Kttle later.Just read the following low prices and. see f oryourself. ;iA line of Ribbons up to 6 inches wide, selling outprice, per yard .x .10cA large lot of 30c towels at ?c eachWarner Bros, make Corsets ' 98cMotor Cloth atReductions in Our Ready-to-Wear arid MillineryDepartmentsFOR SALETwo Rugs, slightly used. ' .xWill sell reasonable.HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKY'IkIOF WONDERFUL DRAPERIESAT REMARKBLE REDUCTIONSSale Begins Monday, Aug. 16thAnd is For Cash OnlyWthis offering.last one hourto reduce theTHE J.EITHERPHONE 3Motor Hearse. l nrnto come ana our,Corset Covers at 33cLadies' Hose at 23ctChildren's Sox at 1 5cA large line of White Goods, worth up to 90c per yard, at. .5f9cMadras Cloth, 75c quality, at...-..., 53 1 -2cA line of Striped Messalines, $3.50 quality, to closeout at ? $1.79A big selection of Silks, 36 inches wide, worth upto $3.50 per yard, at $ 1 .98All Crepe de Chenes and Georgettes on hand, $3.50values, at this closing out sale atWONDERFUL SALEE believe that we have assembledful and complete line of Draperies ever broughtto Paris. You should take immediate advantage ofIn a large city our whole display would notif priced as low as ours will be. We expectwhole line from twenty to fifty per cent.See OurShow WindowCome early and secure the best. Somewill be especially attractive.WHEN jYOU BUY YOURDRAPERIES HANG THEM ONKIRSCH RODSDon't Forget Monday, August 16thT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY. t SIXTH ANDxMftMMotor Invalid Coach Undertakei;.1 1 f 1 !trie wonaerrui lineal.$1.9869c and 89cthe most beau-j "short lengthsr'v iv3fIfeL.,,-"s -THE BOURDON NKWS, PAWS, RttrttCKTJiWtHXAX.-ATOUaT 13, lfr2frPAGSSDCFfar,t ,MihJt-.ilL , "V-tr-V -N'7 .?' .. .'ft-f -r -& --INVENTIVE GENIUSROBS CALOMEL OFNAUSEA AND DANGERDoctors' Favorite Medicine NowPurified and Refined from A1WObjectionable Effects.tabs" the New Name, m"What will human incenuity do next?Smokeless -powder, "wireless telegraphy,horseless cairiages, colorless iodine, tasteless quinine. now comes nausealess calomel. The new improvement called Calotubs" is now on &ale at drugstores.For biliousness, constipation and indlrestion the new calo-nel tablet is a piac-tically perfect remedy, as evidenced bythe fact" that the manufacturers have authorized all drugits to refund the priceif the customer is not "perfectly delighted"with Calotcbs. One tablet at bedtime witha swallow of water that's all. No taste,no nausea, no griping, no salts. By morning your lier is tl'oroughly cleansed andyou are feeling fine, with a hearty appetite. Eat what you please no danger goabout your business.Calotabs are not sold in bulk. Get anoriginal package, sealed. Price, thirtyfive cents. (adv.)BBITISH COMMERCIAL ITJEBS'MAKE ITNE RECORDLONDON, Aug. 12. With 38,954flights and a total of 70,000 passengers carried during the first year ofcivil flying in England there was butfatal accident. Announcementoneof this, made at the Internatioal AirShow, caused much comment and ledController General of Civil Aviation"(JaloJMaj. Gen. Sir R. H. Sykes to say:"We nave conquered tne air, anaour immediate task is to exploit ourvictory in the interest of commercialdevelopment."The number of miles flown was734,200 for the first year and goodscarried totaled 116,498 pounds. Upto the end of March more than$1,000,000 worth of imports and exports were carried by air betweenthe United Kingdom and the continent. A total of 114 airdromes werelicensed and 519 machines were registered during the first year of civilflying in England.AMERICAN EXPRESS CO.PIOYES GETf RAISEEM-CINCINNATIIMABOLSHEVIKISTS AND POLES INDEATH STRUGGLE.PARIS, Aug. 12. The Bolshevikiare advancing on all fronts. Theyhave captured the town of Ciechanow, cutting the Warsaw-Denzigrailway, along which supplies for thePolish army have been sent. TheRussians have scored a decisive victory over the forces of GeneralWrangle on the southern front.The military decision reached atthe Hythe conference between Premiers Lloyd George and Millerandand their advisers were as follows,according to the French foreign office: First That it was impracticableto send Allied troops to Poland.Second the integrity's of Poland's western frontier was guaran-jteed. (This means that any eifort"by Germany to use the present crisisin an attempt to regain any of theterriory ceded to Poland under thetreaty of Versailles would be blocked.) Third That blockade measuresA25 PEats Anything She Wantb AndSleeps Like a Child Since LostStrength Returnedagainst Russia would be taken later."I have just finished my thirdbottle of Tanlac and have gainedtwo-nty-nve pounds in weight," wasthe truly lemarkable statementmade by Mrs. Bettie Vaughn, 27Farrels Court, Cincinnati, Ohio, re-i cently."When I copimenced taking, themedicine I only weighed one hundred pounds; now I weigh one hurdred and twenty-five pounds andnever felt better in my life. I hadsuffered two attacks of the 'flu,' firstin January, 191S, and again in January, 1920, and as a result was ina badly run-down, weakened condi-Fourth That the Allies would tlon; My nerves were so badly upcontinue sending munitions and skilled officers to Poland.set I could never get a good night'sfcleep and I had a seveie headache"Warsaw is doomed," is the re-' just about all the time. My appe-mark heard everywhere today in official and political circles of (Paris.o--?tite left me almost entirely, andj the little I did manage to eat didI not seem to do me any good. I felttii ed and worn out all the time, andwas so miserable I became almostdesperate and had about given upall hope of ever being well again."But things are different now,for thanks to Tanlac, all mytroubles are completely gone. Ihave regained my lost strength andj my nerves are in such good condi-i a iev cents l ry iu t ; tion I can sleep and I have a splen-I i j did appetite. In fact, Tanlac haSqueeze the juice of two lemons simply made me feel like 5a new wointo a bottle containing three llian, and I think it is just the?XSCCS f m VVhlte' ?hak(: YQll grandest medicine in the wholeand you will have a quarter uint of ,,, .,wc ucai, iicuaic ctiiu tctii lULiuii, ctuilcomplexion beautifier, at very, very! LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESj .Girls! Make beauty lotion lora few cents Try It!CHICAGO, Aug. 12. The UnitedStates Railway Labor Board hashanded down a decision increasingwages of employes of the AmericanRailway Express Company $30,000,000 yearly.Eighty thousand' men, not provided for by the recent $600,000,000railway wage award, are affected.The ward is retroactive to May 1,1920,The wage increase, amounting to16c an hour, will give messengersand other train service employes anincrease of $38.40 a month.All other employes will receive anincrease of $32.64.Train service employes work on a240-hour month basis, while allother employes work on a 204-hourbasis.The decision adds thirty milliondollars o the nation's express bill.Under the terms of the Esch-Cum-minstransportation act, the expresscompany will be permitted to raiseits rates sufficiently to meet the increased labor cost. Arguments inthe rate case already have been presented before the Interstate Commerce Commission at Washington.The award does not go intothe question of rules and workingconditions.The express decision applies to allexpress company employes save 2,500shopmen who were given an increaseof 13 cents an hour in the railwayaward last month. The award to expressmen is. slightly better than theaverage increase to the railway men,the board finding that express employes, as a class, were not so wellpaid as men in other lines of railwaywork.Four unions are affected by theboard's decision. They are: TheBrotherhood of Railway and Steamship clerks, Freight Handlers, Express and Station Employes; the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Stablemen andHelpers of America; the Railway Express Drivers, Chauffeurs and Conductors, Local No. 720 of Chicago;the Order of Railway Expressmen.parisIviSncefor paris peopleThe Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter StrangersBACK KURTALL THE TIMEMrs. Hill Says Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundRemoved The Cause.Attention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market PorYour. Wheat, and that We Always Givet!Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy,(adv)MARRIAGE LICENSEcYour grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cants. Massage this Isweetly fragrant lotion into the j x Qne f Caye thface, neck, arms and hands each , . . . , .. . . .nii.Aday and see how freckles and blem- YV1"" "4 wluiauu' . , . ,ishes disappear and how clear, soft yearly by scores of tourists, lies alarge pile or nairpins, comos, Darettes and hair ornaments. This hadits origin in the superstition thatthe unmarried woman who left aJiEGRO CONFESSES TO CHARGE hairpin or hair ornament thereOF MURDER. , would be married within a year.Another supervision is that if aWASHINGTON, August 12 Wil- girl tosses a coin to the bottom of aliam Henry Campbell, a negro under well in Ramona's Wedding Place,in California, it will bring her aand rosy-white the skin becomesYes! It is harmless and never Irritates. (adv-tf-F).. oarrest here charged with the murdernf TWtc fJTfrnf1 TTnTrisnn "Mann Vm 'confessed, according to the police, husfand within a year. The resultthat he was the man who attacked 1S that the bottom of the well isfour women in and near Washington covered with coins and already alast June, precipitating race riots. small fortune has accumulated.Saves Cooking-Saves Sugaxand both are worth whilethis time of year -, .,t,i' ui!.(GraDeNutsCc,This sturdy blend ofwheat and maltedKm '- -j S m Yl'OSilL' .)??.,S?T""kcomes ready to eat ythere is no waste,4V)Q mss m serving)cid the food is full& of nourishment.&,5.Sold by Grocers1.iuMade by Postum Cereal Conine.Battle Creek, Mich.,Home testipnony is real proof.Public statements of Pans people carry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The woid of one whose home' isfar away invites your doubts.Heie's a Paris man's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit. '- ' -Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thatbacks Doan's Kidney, Pills. 'Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main .street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills ?few times in the past and havebeen greatly benefited by them. Attimes my back was weak and lameand the kidney secretions passed toofrequently 'making me get up oftenat night, I have used a box ofDoan's Kidney Pills at those timesand they have always rid me of thecomplaint. I think they are asplendid kidney medicine and gladlyrecommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.v- ' (adv)"MISS MINERVA'S BABY"Pills and usedKnowille, Tenn. "My back hurt meall the time, I was all run down, couldnot eat and my headbothered me, allcaused by femaletrouble. I wasthree years withthese troubles anddoctors did me nogood. Your medicine helped my sister so she advisedme to take it. I tookLvdia E. Pinkham,s ,Vegetable Compound and the LiverLydia E. Pinkham'sSanative Wash and now I am well, caneat heartily and work. I give you mythanks for your great medicines. Youmay publish" my letter and I will telleveryone what your medicines did forme." Mrs. Pearl Hill, 418 JacksboroSt., Knoxvill , Tennessee.Hundreds of such letters expressinggratitude for the good Lydia E. Pink- Jham's Vegetable Compound has nccom-plished are constantly being received,proving the reliability of this grand oldremedy. tIf you are ill do not drag along andcontinue to suffer day in and day outbut at once take Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, a woman'sremedy for woman's ills.FAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELL0Office and Warehouse Foot of Plemtant Street.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mTIME FOR CELERY PLANTINGLate celery should be set in theearly part of August. Dig a trenchabout four inches and put the celery plants in it. Give the plantscaieful attention and water themwhen necessary and cover them alsowhen the sun is hot until they become well established in the ground.The Garden Circular, fropn the College of Agriculture, will tell youhow to grow celery.oTactful Youngster.Mother bought a box of candy, butIt was nearly dinner time so wouldnot give any to Sonny. While waitingfor the dinner bell to ring Sonny said:"Mamma, let's play store." Motherwas willing, so the child went on withhis game of make-believe. Said he:"This room will be the candy store.You be the clerk and I'll be buying,but, oh, mamma, let's have real candy !"oAnd Hardest.It has been our observation that itIs the ripe scholar who falla the quickest. Dallas News.LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.itLet us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentuckysc.tuCrH;;i?ti5-Vi'&y-urr ,-v.ii V-fioiC'tMMMMtMkmfm-'i r.,r-A$ i..& ;I-,)H1. C):,w,.-,: vi il i m i YT "The third story in the delightful"Miss Minerva" series.Miss Minerva's baby was born inthe last chapter of "Billy and TheMajor."Billy, who leported that the babywas "as red as a topaato" and smelled v'like violets" and who ferventlywished it looked as "good as itsmelled," gets his wish in the newbook. The little fluffy-hairedJosephine is a baby with the appear-lance of an angel and the personality of a mischevious and adorablesprite. From the very beginning,the small heroine is a keen strategist absolutely iriesistible. Shemanages every one even ner strictand obdurate mother, whom sheflippantly calls "Minerva."Jesephine, the irrepressible, takesa happy .part in the adventures ofher cousin Billy and his friends andenlivens the life of the humanizedMiss Minerva with new and disconcernmg problems and joys.Those ' who have loved BillyGreen Hill will love him more forhis devotion to little Josephine andwill delight with him as she bubblesher whipnsically humorous waythrough the eventful first fouryears of her life.This delightful book will be onsale on or about September 1which is the publication date.o-"No Um Talking."Iftien a woman declares there is m4it talking, what she means, is thatthere Is no use in anybody else talktog. Columbia Record.1 oOn f Human Ways.Ever notice howievery one of, thenear-centenarians thinks his one foodhabit Is the secret of lotifeTlryBUILT on the same extra-length chassis as that ofthe large Buick Sedan, this seven-passenger modelrepresents, in open car design, an exact duplication insize and quality of the more costly closed body typeIn every respect, its manufacture is just as scrupulous,to fulfill in serviceability the promises made by its finoappearance. And the full measure of the Model;K-Six-49 makes it generous in comfort in roominess,: in looks in all other qualities that are best appreciated in combination with the powerful Buick Valve-in-HeadMotor.- -.;-v v': --Price . o. b. Flint, MichiganN Model K-44 .Model K-45 .$1595.00$1595.00Model K-46Model K-47$2235.00$2465.00Model K-43- .Model Kr50. -S1865.0Cpi&95.0Civ .Price Revised April I, 1929B5T'When better automobiles arc built, Buick will build themThe9'Cor. TourtNBall Garageind PleaMirit Stm. ,2-t 4'':yl.itV, r. I i"-j,i4-t-iXTHE BOURBON; NEW& PXfi " K&fjSStStx-J?--: 4WS- i-FRIDAY, AUGUST 13, 1920Jw.tJf.VwECZEMAjpL, Mewcr BACKwithout question if HuntUS.N.fa:ls in the treatment of Eczema.Tetter, Ringworm, Itch, etc.Don't become discouraged because other treatments failed.Hunl'Salreh23 relieved hun.dreds of such caes. You can'tlose on our Money BachGuarantee. Try it at our rikTODAi- rnre sc atFor Sale byL, OBERDORPER,Druggist, Paris, Ky.STATE PAIR PREMIUMS FORJERSEY CATTLEBecc''se of the short time between now and the State Fair, it hatbeen decided to defer the specialclasses for Kentucky bred Jerseystock intil next year. However,about $4,500 in premiums is being"offered for Jerseys at Louisville, andanv si all local exhibitors in Kenlucky ill do well to take theirstock the State Fair and win theirslrue 1 the 4,500. Next year Mr.j. M. Howey, secretary of the Kentucky Jersey Club, plans to have atleast 1,000 set aside especially forKent tky bred cattle owned bysmall exhibitors. The best way torealize this dream is for each smallexhibitor this year to take someJersey to Louisville and exhibitthen1, even if they take only one ortvo head each. That is the way tomake .- si eat show, arouse interest,and to get large classifications foJeiscy cattle.oUnpleasant Bedfellow.In California and on the stakedplains in Texas where the nights arecold, it is the rattlesnake's custom tocrawl between a traveler's blanketsand snuggle up close to him till morning, lumbers of them are killed incamp every year by soldiers campaigning in that section ; but as the; rattlesnakes seldom abuse hospitality bybiting the sleeper, few accidents happen. Still, there are men who, whenout on a hard march, prefer to sleepalone.DiWaddcH'sPik RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedan until yon have tried Dr. W&ddell'sPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to give absolute satisfaction oraoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourdruggist If oot write us.MedicineCo.inithsfiroVaKyJBROOKS & NAPP,Paris. KentuckyP.VT!WTNrlSS Jayc-Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSuun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does DassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)IMERUKBAN SCHEDULECARStaineton For. Parisf M. 6.00xA- M. 7:20f M. 8:50A- M. 10:20A. M. in snLEAVEParis ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.8:159:45A. M. 11:15P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. AT1:202:504:206:007:20P. M. 12:45P. M. 2; 15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:059:10p- M. H:00P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.aWaaaalBBlB?vm KjrcaaaaaaaaaVaaaaaWVBnmBffi?Newi j0b DepartmentATDANVILLE, KY., Aug. 12. With-DANVILLE, KY., Aug. 10. Within a few weeks of the anniversary ofthe death of her husband, Jerry C.Caldwell, millionaire banker, philantropist, farmer and stock raiser,Mrs. Annabelle Fox Caldwell died atthe family home, "Caldwell Place,"on the DanviU'e-Hrrodsburgj pike,about 6 o'clock Monday night.Mrs. Caldwell had been ill sincethe death of her husband, and hadsubmitted to two minor operationsrecently. She had been under thecare of specialists for two months.Mrs. Caldwell was the mother 'offive children, Miss Eliza Hunt Caldwell, who died several years ago, andCharles, Jerry, Fox and Logan Caldwell, all of whom are wealthy BoyleCounty farmers.She was a sister of Charles C. Fox,Danville lawyer; Judge Fontaine T.Fox, Louisville, and- Mrs. Sophie FoxSea, Louisville. Fontaine T. Fox,Jr., cartoonist, New York, is a nephew. 'Through her husband's death, Mrs.Caldwell came into possession of anestate reputed to be worth $2,000,000, including about 4,000 acres ofland in Boyle and adjoining counties.By the terms of her husband's will,the estate on her death will go equally to the four sons.Burial was in the Danville Cemetery, Tuesday afternoon, in the family lot, where eight brothers, all ofwhom were graduates of Centre College, are buried.TAMMANY APPLAUDS ROOSEVELT'S ACCEPTANCESPEECH.Before a crowd of seveial thousand persons who stood for nearlytwo hours under a sweltering sun,at Hyde Park, New York, Monday,Franklin D. Roosevelt, in an addressformally accepting the Democraticnomination for Vice-President,urged ratification of the peacetreaty, "which to make it, a realpeace must include a League ofNations."One of the unique features of thecelebration was tbe presence of aTammany delegation of 500, including 150 women, who arrived on aspecial train from New Yoik. Chas.F. Murphy, Tammany chieftain,sent word that he was unable toattend, but many of his lieutenantswere on hand.Mr. Roosevelt's early politicalsuccesses are attributed by manyfriends to his opposition to Tammany, but apparently past differences were forgotten in the desire topresent a united front in the copiingcampaign.0Horse's Decorations.The brass decorations frequentlyseen on the harness of a work horseare a direct survival of the amuletswhich bedecked the horses of the timeof Julius Caesar and the ancientEgyptians.fr l LsT&i! iEVMtt -t-f -fesr10ive vour childclean, healthy hairs Shampoo regularly with Wildsi root Liquid Shampoo Soap.5 Cleanses perfectly, yet does5 not make hair and scalp harsh5 and dry as most soap does.5 Made by the makers of Wildes root Hair TonicSoli end Guaranteed toBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.Does Your Letterhead Get It?The appearance of your letterbead may mean success orfailure. Do yourself justicein the quality of your businessmessenger.We do not advocate extravagance. We recommend theuse of a very moderate pricedstandard paperwhich has won recognitionfor its quality and the serviceit gives. We are prepared tofurnish that paper and to printyou a letterhead that is a dignified representative.See What We Can Give YonBefore You Place an OrderPEOMHIEHT WOMAN DIESDANVILLE HOME.9-frT jjBBBJiSHAMPOO IcTHE INGREDIENTSArgo-Phosphate, The New HerbalRemedy, Now Endorsed byLocal PeopleIf the digestive organs are notproperly performing the work which,.nature has assigned to them, thennutrition, which is absolutely assential to the recovery of other diseased parts, will be lacking andthere can be no penmanent relief.When bodily nutrition is normal,The' stomach, digests the food, theblood absorbs and carries the nourishment to the different parts of thnbody, causing tne various organsto properly perform their functions.Nature has provided a remedy in,the ingredients of Argo-Phosphate.the new iierbal stomach remedy,which is now being introduced'here. It is purely vegetable and itsvitalizing, corrective and reconstructive qualities are so pronounced that beneficial results are noticed from the first day. That thisis true, it is only necessary to listento the statements made daily bylocal people whe have given ArgoPhospbate a fair trial and havebeen benefited thereby.It is dispensed by Brooks & SnappDrug Co. adv-augl3).0JOYS AND' SORROWS OF RUNNING A NEWSPAPERProbably there is no person wholeceives so much advice from theoutside as to how his work, shouldbe performed as the newspaper man.Few people feel called upon to select the minister's text for him. Noone tells the lawyers how theyshould try their cases, or the physicians what medicine should begiven their patients. If the newspaper man starts out to seek counsel from the public he is baffled atonce by the contrary winds or public opinion. One man is sure thatthe paper should pursue a more aggressive attitude. He would havesinners exposed with flawing editorials, the moral cancers of the communities cut out as with a surgeon's knife. He would not personally sign a letter to appear in printmaking even mild criticisms on localadministration. But he considersthat the editor can bear on haback thP responsibility for the sinsof the community. It often happensalso, that the editor receives a rebuke from the same men who urgea very aggressive policy, becausethey disagree with sqme positivet-xpression of opinion that he hasmade. The moment their pet ideasor inteiests are trodden upon, anoutspoken policy becomes very unwise and inexpedient.An editor sooon learns, if he isworth -Itis salt, that he must goahead and speak what is in hisownmind, regardless whether it is popular or not. If he tries the otherway, he soon finds that popularitynever sold a paper. A newspaperthat is incessantly knocking givesthe outside world but a sour impression of the home life of itscommunity. There is perhaps morehonesty in the world than somepeople realize. There are still awhole lot of people who are notlooking every jminute for a chanceto "do" somebody. The newspapertbat takes a kindly view of otherpeople's motives whenever possiblemay not be so snappy for the immediate moment, but it will have quitoas many friends in the long run.oHAS ONLY TWENTY-TWO COATSA woman reported the other daythat when she undertook to cleanhouse, she found that her husbandwras the proud owner and possessorof 22 coats. There were winter coatpand summer coats, the once swellcoat he was married in, -his rainyday coat, a sweater coat, the coatshe used td work in the garden with,lined coats for extreme hot weatherand several overcoats for winterand spring use, automobile coats,etc. etc.While that is an extreme case,yet a lot of people allow old stuff toaccumulate, all of it degeneratingand subject to moths. Old clotheaare fashionable now. Much of thestuff could be worn without socialdisgiace, even by an "highbrow."People who haord such clothing,should sort it over, and give awaywhat they are too proud to wear.Plenty of people could find use forit in these times.Content Vith Little."It seems to me," said Marthe, withthe wisdom that the simple in heartacquire with pain and travail, "that inthis world a woman's only chance ofhappiness is if she loves. Being loveddoesn't make her so. . . , Love'sa fire, so it must have fuel to keep italight, but a woman's fire needs verylittle, and that is rather a good thingperhaps, for she seldom gets much.""The Journey Home," by Sybil Lethbridge. Where Old Servants Ar, Cared For.A peculiar institution In Stockholmis an'old servants' home," whereservants too" old ' to work are givenshelter and care intheir last days.APRYSTA5E HEALTH BOARD, WARNSAGAINST IMPURE ICti CREAM.At this, sea son of the year, whenihousands of gallons of ice cream.are placed on the market, there is'danger of impure products reachingjthe consumer. To guard againstthis and to keep up the high sta'ndjard set for the Kentucky product me state Board of Healththrough Dr. Sarab H. Vance, Director Bureau of Food and Drugs, asksthe pres3 to give prominence to thefollowing warning to dealers andmanufacturers:"It is deemed necessary at thistime to call the attention of the public of this State, and especially thebuyers and manufacturers of icecream, to the importance of icecream as a food."The standards for ice cream ofthe States bordering Kentucky are,in each case, lower than the Kentucky standards, and the StateBoard of Health wishes to urge thepeople of Kentucky to buy withintheir own State, and if they do buyice cream from other States that isshipped into Kentucky, that theydejmand the standards of Kentucky,or insist that the exact nature ofthe product offered be set forth bythe manufacturer or seller. Thefollowing is a tabulation of thestandards in Kentucky and surrounding States:Percentage of Butter Fat In IceCreamPlainKentucky. . . . .10Fruit," Nut8888C8Illinois 8Indiana 8Missouri 8Ohio (Cincinnati) 8Tennessee 8West Virginia . . . 8 -8"If any ice cream, manufacturedor sold, in the State of Kentucky, isbelow the required standards, theState Boaid of Health will prosecute to tbe full extent of the law;and if any ice cream manufacturedin another State and shipped intothe State of Kentucky should falllbelow the standards of the State,the manufacturer will be prosecutedunder the Federal Pure Food andDrug Act.""Respectfully Yours,"A. t. Mccormick,"State Health Officer."By Sarah H. Vance,"Director Bureau of Food andDrugs."AN INTOLERABLE SITUATIONThese remarks must of necessitybe very short and cursory. To putdown at length all the sentiiments4of anger, all the feeling of desperation, all the indignation hotte;because apparently so importantwith which we regard the coal situation might relieve our mind, butwould piobably shock our readers.They are fellow-sufferers, to besure, but a long couise of doing asthey are bid and accepting as a favoi what is doled out to them hasmade them meek. They have, inpoint of fact, about reached the position where they no longer pretendto have any rights and are not quiteceitain that they have any standing.But they have. Ta speak of coalas a matter of life and death is tospeak no more than truth. To declare that the forestalling of supplies and the extortionate manipulation ot prices is in defiance of thepublic welfare and in contempt ofpublic opinion, if not of law, is 'notto exaggerate. And to point outthat there seems to be an apnusedindifference in the trade itself anda disposition to meet objections withan inquiry as to wba you are going to do about it is no more thanto describe the situation as it presents itself to most of us.But that last query has got to beanswered. Before many days it willbe necessary to consider very earnestly just what is going to be doneabout it. If the' operators areholding out for unholy profits, if thpminers will not dig unless thoseprofits are divided with them, ifthe situation of the public is ignored while this bickering and bartering go on, then has the timecome when something must be done.But who will do it and when willthey do it? Has the Governmentno weapons of persuasion available?CRIMES BY WOMEN.Police authorities report thatcrimes by women are on the increase. Formerly some women wereused as accomplices for crooks.But now many women are becomingmore proficient, and plan daringbreaks and hold-ups themselvesIf a woman is bright enough tocommit successful crime, there wasa period in her career when shecould have been made into a usefulwo,man.At that critical point she was running loose, consorting with youngtoughs. Had some Girls' Club interested her active nature in athleticsand dramatics and wholesome socialdiveisions, she would have learnedthat the straight life is infinitelymoie attractive. The existence ofwomen criminals indicates insufficient , outlet for girls of an adventurous and daring type.Somo Crab!The British museum contains a spider crab measuring 18 feet across itsoutstretched legs.One thing about being sensible iSuthat it is healthier., and more peace-- ful'than being foolish.44A SURE TIPPut Your MoneySuits and YOUYou'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts, of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Values$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear"SAVE THETWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorrTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery. .Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.e:-;GEO. W. DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.;XIBourbon Laundry;DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No, 4 West Fifh Street .XThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky. - - .:s2on One of OurCANT LOSEfBlQCh Summer ClothesDIFFERENCE"vXIXIIIXIX!s, xSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!vy itn an xne latest improve-ments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we "are JJprepared to do work infe- -rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.'1X1MMVIk-"'-.-.'Jy.''Jf.A""'-?-r '0p-?"U, vX A-&.'Si- v.'KH.Vr,3tv..: r.j... . : .-TW: BOURBONNEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYrftl&AT, AUGUST ltr 20WTHE ALAMO AND PARISMILLERSBURGDEATHS.Aflmiccinn Adultt 77c &u 3 wr ta 3cAUUII531U11. children and Gallery 18c pl2c? war tax cf ACS EIGHT'-V,A i-ii&&- I"i-.v rV" ,-."LV )-Miss Hat tie Wood is visitinga tittla.'tives 4n Mason county.Miss Louise Best, of Maysville,the guest of relatives here.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst areiting" relatives in Baltimore.Mrs. R. M. Buffington, of Co-t Swnbus, O., is the guest of her sis-'7 tterMrs. W. M. Miller.i, . Miss Nannh Louise Best hasreturned after a several weeks' so-jrarn at Lake Chautauqua, N. Y." Mrs. Bayles DeBell, of Ewing,atrriVed Wednesday as the guest or3feer daughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Elder W. J. "Slater was ataCoorefield, Wednesday, and will- mgen a protiacled meeting therext week.Mrs. Alexander Hunter and0j !SKUghter. Miss Patty Hunter,"Washington, Ky., are quests of Mrs.A. S. Best.Mr. John Letton, of Atlanta,Ci, arrived Wednesday as Ike guoMthis mother, Mrs. Jennie Letton,sad family.Mr. W. E. Powell, of Atlanta.Ga., anived Wednesday as the guestf his mother, Mrs. MargueritePowell and family.Mesdames Chas. D. Miller andA. D. Miller left Friday for theirIpme at Eustis, Fla., after severalweeks visit to their sister, Mrs. F.P. Adams.Mr. and Mrs. CMias. Harris and3ttle daughter have returned totheir home at Macon, Ga., after atwo-weeks' visit to Tlr. and Mrs. J.21. Barnes.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson2eave Thursday for Washington,New York and other Eastern points.2h.ey will he absent from homeabout two weeks.Mr. R. H. Letton, of the firm ofXetton & Cumber, proprietors of the"barber shop, sold on Wednesday hisinterest in the business to his parr-Her, Mr. J. C. Cumber.-Children's day exercises will be&eld at the Methodist church, Suncay morning during the liours ofregular service. The public cordially invited to attend.Mrs, E. G. Saulsberry, of Denver, Col., Mr. and Mrs. ErnestGohue, of Brinkley, Ark., arrivedWednesday as guests of Dr. andMrs. W. G. Dailey. Mrs. Saulsberryis a sister of the doctor. They areen route to Chicago, where they will.-'piain for several weeks.THE SICK Mr. S. M. Allenn.nd Mrs. Clara Shanks continueabout the same. Mr. J. T. Judy isdoing as nicely as can be expected.Mr. W. M. Brown and little daughter, Marguerite, are improving.Air. M. M. Bowles is quite ill. Master William Virgil Burroughs, the3ittle son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Burroughs, is ill with tonsilitis.Mrs. Anna Darnell continues verymuoh. the same. Mrs. Mary Vinont is confined to her home withillness.oHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)I5OU R observanceof all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment ia thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.i1ifhi m ff'Xiii fotlifrrt ofaftwlLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROAD' ANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPVEXCURSION FARESf CC INCLUDING, 1 105 TAXParis to EwirigVAccountTickets on sala August 19th-21st inclusive. Tickets goodfor return' to reaci Paris before midnight August 22nd. ForI further or.detaile'd information,McILVAINMiss Irene Jones Mcllvain, aged twenty-four, died at her homenear Moorefield, Nicholas county,Sunday, after a lingering illness oftuberculosis. She was a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Allen Jones,, olMoorefield, and a sister of Mrs.Thos. Harpe, of Paris. The funeralwas held at the family home Monday, followed by interment in the.Carlisle Cemetery. vHNKLE.jEmima Louise Hinkle, agedthree months, died of meningitis atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Thurman' Hinkle, at LittleRock, this county. She was ill buta lew ctays. jvunerai services wereheld at the home, conducted byRev. Ward Russell, pastor of tlicLittle Rock Christian church. Theinterment took place in the CarlisleCemeterj.' WATSON.Richard E. Watson, farmer,aged forty-nine, died at his homeon Twentieth street, in this city,(Wednesday after an illness of longLduration. Mr. Watson has been engaged in farming on the DrakeThompson place "near Paris, for severe y years." Mr. Watson is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Laura Jones Watson;three daughters, Mrs. Ella Lyons,Misses Elizabeth and Ruth Watkins;i two sons, Ernest C. and Jajmes C.Watson, all of Paris; four sisters,Mrs. Adele Miles, of Colorado, Mrs.J. T. Butcher, of Canada, Mrs. Gertrude Johnson, of Bourbon county,Mrs. Amanda Herrington, of Paris;six brothers, J. 'W. Watson, of Scoticounty, Cainey Watson, of Bourboncounty Leonard, Larkm, Robert anc1Arthur Watson, of Paris. .The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon at 3:30 o'clock, with services cor ducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-bearers were E.Jones, Alvin Jones, A. Jones, Richard Jones, K. W. Estes and GeorgeEsles.ST. NCAMILIUS GRADUATES SEEKFUND.Workers for St. Camillus Academy will open a campaign in thenear future for funds to erect anaddition to their institution at Corbin, Ky., for the teaching of iliterates. A band of girl graduates ofthe academy will begin a tour ofEaastern Kentucky in the near future, demonstrating what an education can do for children of the mountains. They will visit Nicholasville,Richmond, Versailles, Georgetown,Lexington, Frankfort, Paris, Winchester. Maysville, Melbourne, Newport, and will be in Covington or.August 22. At Frankfort, Ky., Gov.Morrow will receive them and givethqm a message to be delivered inthe various towns for the interestof the campaign.53KEg3aSUagftfr,Pgg2SEEE22umYnT?hrtil7Mili n 'iii mi mEwing Fairapply to local ticket agent.TODAY, FRIDAYSessue HayakawaIN'THE DEVIL'S CLAIM'A story withui a story. From .thequaint life of Greenwich Village to themystic of the Orient.Also Warner Oland and Eileen Percyin "The Third Eye"And a "Snub" Pollard Comedy"YOU'RE PINCHED"Gregg's Orchestra PlayingAddedREA INYLSTOCK, CROP, ETC.VClark & Young, of near Paris,sold and delivered Tuesday toHenry S. Caywood, representingSwift & Co., of Chicago, 110 headof fat cattle, averaging 1,440 poundsfor which they received 15 centsa pound. George K. Piper also soldforty -head, averaging 1,450 pounds,for fifteen cents a pound.RARE PICTURESFOR CENTREAND BOOKSCOLLEGEEy the will of the late Mrs. R. P.Jacobs, of Danville, Centre Collegehas come in possession of a rarecollection of picture, books and documents of historic value. The collection left by Mrs. Jacobs has beensupplemented by gifts from her sisters, Mioses Eugenia and Sallie LeeYoung, of that city."Old Masters of the Bluegrass,"is Hie title of an interesting illustrated book published by the FilsonClub. In this book are given biographical sketches of the' Kentuckyartists, Jouelt, Bush, Morgan,Grimes, Prazier and Hart.Another feature of the collectionis a military order written by Geo.Washington in his own hand. It isas fallows:"To Jabez Huntington, Esq., ofWindham, Connecticut:"Sir At the urgent requfst ofseveral of the Selectmen and respectable inhabitants of the town,of Hudson, I hereby authorize youto discharge from custody JamesKeating, now prisoner and confinedby military warrant in the goal ofP. county.' "G. WASHINGTON,"Headquarters, New Windsor, March11, 1781."There are pictures of the Alhambra and other historic pictures ofrare worth. All of these gfts are ina splendid state of preservation.ANOTHEE GOOD MISSING- TEETHSTORY.Probably the most unique accident ever occurred in Franklincounty occurred when J. L. Phillipsof Shelbyville, lost his teeth. Howhe came to lose them -he does notknow. Whether he had them in hispocket or lost thepi out of hismouth he is unable to say. He didnot miss them until he went to eatsupper, and the last thing- he couldrecall about his teeth was that lwhad Ihem in-his mouth when he atedinner.oCATERPILLERS ATTACKINGTREES.Since the rcent heavy rains, caterpillers in increasing numbershave made their appearance intrees on many Paris lawns. Theresidents of many sections of thecity report thiV pests as attackingthe trees with considerable vigor.One housekeeper reported , thattrees on the lawn at her home havebecome infestr.d with the caterpillersand that, as a result of their attack,the leaves are beginning to curl up.It is feared that there will be aninvasion of these pests, tending todisfigure it not entirely destroyfoliage on handsome shade trees onlawns.oDON'T USE MUFFLERSThere has been considerable comment about the noises made by thebig motor trucks employed by thecity and county, and by others inhauling material through thestreets of Paris. Many have wondered why the drivers do not closethe mufflers. That matter is bestsettled by the drivers ' themsevestvho will very quickly infonrn you,should you ask, that the tiucks arenot provided with mufflers. Therefore we mortals must in course or'ihne, try to get accustomed to thenerve-racking noises they make.' ,. oBig Profits in Toys.Toys as a whole have yielded largerprofits than any otherclass of inventions.Tomorrow, SaturdayOWEN MOOREIN"The DesperateHero"ALSOSUNSHINE COMEDY"THROUGH THE KEYHOLE"Attraction at the Grand All Next WeekThe MysteryGirlARE YOU IN LOVE?ARE YOU IN DOUBT?ARE YOU IN TROUBLENEW THEOHY AS TO OKIGIN 01BLUEGRASS.The arctic region, according to aunique theory tentatively advancedby Yilhamur Stefansson, noted explorer, is the original home of thebluegrass tha has jmade Kentuckyfamous and the Bluegrass region ofthat Southern Commonwealth mayhave evolved from seed first croppedfrom an iceberg drifting down fromthe North in the glacial epoch.Stefansson, while on a visit to hismother in Winnipeg, Manitoba, deplored the general ignorance regarding the Far North and saidschool geographies and textbookswhich give children false ideas ofthe region should be rewritten."There are 640 species of flowering plants in Arctic Canada," saidMr. Stefansson, "and three times asmany non-flowering species. Theland, that is popularly supposed tobe a frozen desert, is in summer onegreat flower garden, gorgeous withgolden rod, poppies, bluebells, dandelions, watercress, tiimothy, andbluegiass as deep and lush as thatin the thoroughbred pastures ofKentucky. If one were inclined totr v vn3Bk. irfM" .-' i"jjtm! r c cta i!?iiof Summer Shoes and Oxfords Ji aATGREATLY REDUCED PRICES FOR IMMEDIATE DISPOSAL&uy rauw at tms saies we areoffering the greatest and best shoevalues you have seen this year. Remember our entire stock of Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear goes inthis sale regardless of cost.Just a Few of the Many WonderfulEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES 0 A. fitReduced to 99b4Beautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in hig-h andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.5.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's $1.50 and $2.00 Slippers -On Sale at $1.00See Bargain Counters !DANj; Paris' Greatest Shoey VAfternoonThe World's Greatest PalmistSEE REA.speculate, one might conjecture thatKentucky received its bluegrass fromthese Arctic meadows millions ofyears ago in the age of ice."MATRIMONIAL.The banns of Miss Margaret3rophy, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.John Brophy, and Mr. John Minogue, both of Paris, were announcedat the Church of the Annunciationin this city Sunday.EASY E0R THE ELECTION OFFICERS. There were no Democrats inthreo precincts in Louisville andnone in the county precincts efficiently interested in the DemocraticCongressional primary to vote, recapitulation of return revealed.These precincts were the Sixteenthand Seventeenth in the NinthWard; and twenty-fourth in theTenth Ward, and St. Helen's in thecounty. No ballots were found inthe ballot boxes returned from thosepolls.hoes and Oxfords0xte t..rJvOIEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES 0 QCReduced to i9b9Newest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.$8.00 to $9.00Reduced toBrown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlySpecial Price on Suede PumpsRegula pricenow :Greatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.ala1StoreWhere Beauty-vMonday, Aug. 14thCORINNE GRIFFITHin "The Deadline at Eleven"Helen Stevens had tired of her idlesocial life and was determined to be anewspaper writer. How she made goodis told in five intensely interesting dramareels which are punctuated with genuineflashes of realism as it is found in everynewspaper office.alsoABIG V COMEDY"SPRINOTIIVIE"and Pathe Reviewand EveninNYETHE HYDROPHONEAll danger from heavy fogs whichhave been the terror of seamen inall ages is ended it is believed bythe invention of the hydrophone.In a series of tests made with shipsof the navy it has been found thatsignals may now be sent under waterfor more than forty miles. It is notonly possible for a ship equippedwith the new device to tell its exactdistance from land, but the presenceof other ships (may be detected inplenty of time to avoid collision,and even the depth of the watermay be measured. The apparatusconsists of a tank placed on the keelof the ship, about three feet deepand twenty feet long, which is filled with water. A sensitive recording device picks up the vibrations sent under the sea. This is inturn connected with a device, called the compensator, on the ship'sbridge which indicates the directionin which the sound travels. A sub-! marine recently made a long tripunder water guided past all dangerous points and kept in the properchannel entirely by means of thehydrophone.Shoe BargainsGrades$4.95$14.00,S5.95and Economy ReignSA-X-iE))HA '?? 1t A.si.II Vfc I'-rJ' 9? 1g?Vt-V -t -rr.- -j-' -S vtfV-xL'-- J, -rh, -.J.