..i--:.r:. , .v'.inL DuuitDun newsPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY m THE YEAR.--,. 3VOLUME XL4.J'PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1920-1- !?"4?AEIS CENSUS ANNOUNCEDGIVES US 6,310.According to the figures announced by the Census Bureau at Washington, Friday night, thV city ofFaris, Ky., has a population estimated at 6,310, an increase of 451,or 7.7 per cent. In 1890 Paris hada population of 4,418, in 1900 it was4,603 and in 1910, tne precedingcensus, it was given at 5,859. Nowcoiues 1920, ten years later, with areport of 6,310. Of course, like anuniber of other towns in the BlueGrass, we are not satisfied, andhave an idea that there has been aninjustice done us in the figures.The towns of Ruckerville andClaysville, colored villages, are notincluded in the census, they beingexcluded from the city limits by anact of several years ago. It is estimated that there are 2,000 peopleresiding just outside the limits ofthe city, who should by rights beincluded in the the city, as they areieally citizens, with all their interests centered here.The new census seems to show inmi even greater degree than previous ones that the drift of populationis toward the larger centers, ratherthan toward the small communitiesand the farm. Fifty years ago wewere an agricultural county, - morethan half the people living on thefarms or in the small towns. Today nearly sixty per cent, live inthe larger cities, leaving but fortyper cent, for the rural population.There seems to be a craze to makethe towns bigger, to get more people, so that the census report willlook better. We believe the enumerators did their work conscientiously, but4 we also believe thatParis should show a larger population.SPUING SUGGESTIONS THINGSYOU MUST HAVEPoultry netting of the best quality in all widths, wire screen by theyard. Get out your old doors andwindows and save money by puttingin new screening. We also have a"big variety of the celebrated Landreth's Garden Seeds the seedsthat grow and produce.LAVIN & CONNELL.(26-4t)'PICTURE PROGRAK AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, April 6 Chas.Rs.y, in "Crooked Straight;" RuthRoland, in "Adventures of Ruth;"Prizma Colorpicture, "V enusGowns."To-morrow, Wednesday, April 7Enid Bennett, in "What Every Woman Learns;" Comedy, "A MuchNeeded Rest;" Topics of The Day.Thursday, April 8 Storheim'sWonderplay, "Blind Husbands;"Pathe Review; Vod-a-Vil Movies.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.FRANK & CO.9LADIES' OUTFITTERS 'SPRINGSHOWING' . Polo' ' Suitsi. Silk and Jersey DressesChintz and GinghamWashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de Chene-WaistsHand Made Voile and Batiste vWaistsPlain and Fancy SkirtsFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERS, JfcVnf yLARGE NUMBER OF AUTO ACCIDENTS Jt-AST WEEK,The past week, or the last part ofthe past week, brought to theknowledge di newspaper men andthe proprietf rs of garages a largenumber of accidents in which"luckily, there was no loss of life,but the participants sustaining injuries of a more or less severe nature. And the strange part of itall is the fact that in every instance the newspaper men were oeseiged with piteous and in t somecases tearfulxrequests to "please suppress about me being in an autoaccident the other .night."A Paris business man and a Bourbon county farmer collided in theirmachines at the corner of Main andEleventh streets. The Paris man'slittle daughter, who was with him,was slightly injured by flying glassfrom a broken windshield. Both mechines were damaged. Both said tohave been going at an illegal rate ofspeed.A party of two young men andthree girls en route to Lexington,Friday night, ran into a stray horsein the middle of the Lexington pike,near the McGinnis store. It wassaid they were trying to avoidstriking the horse, but the inevitable happened. The horse was damaged, also the machine, Pitifulentreaties brought a machine froma, local garage to their rescue, thedamaged machine was brought backJ to Paris, while the party proceededto Lexington via the interurbanline.A Bourbon county farmer and aParis young man came to grief Friday night at about the same spot asthe above, when their machine turned, over in the road three times,throwing them out. The Paris ladsustained bad cuts and bruises onthe arm, while his companion wasalso badly bruised and shaken up.Too much speed alleged to have beenthe cause. Machine - completelyruined. "Two Parish boys and a young girlheaded for Nicholasville met withan accident between Lexington andNicholasvflle, in which their carwas damaged and the girl sustaineda broken arm. The machine crashed into a telephone pole. One ofthe young men also received severecuts and bruises. They secured another machine and came back toParis, where Their injuries, were attended by local physicians.A tender regard for the feelingsof a cow lying in the lying in themiddle of the Maysville pike, Saturday night, prompted a Bourboncounty farmer, en route home, totake the side of the road. His machine turned over, but luckily fell onthe soft side. No damage to eitherthe machine or driver.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanCoatsi& CO,rGEO. ALEXANDERIS PARDONEDArmed with a pardon from Governor Edwin Morrow, George Alexander, former banker, accompaniedby his faithful daughter, Miss KateAlexander, left the Frankfort Reformatory, behind whose walls hehad spent five years, yesterday af ternoon, a free man. The pardon wasgranted late yesterday afternoon,and was taken in person by MissAlexander to her father. Rumorshad been in circulation for somaclays to the effect that the pardonwould be granted this week, andyesterday's happening marks theend of a long wait.For several hours yesterday THENEWS endeavored to learn whetherthe pardon ha been granted or not.A message was sent to The Frankfort State Journal, with a requestfor definite information. The replycame at six o'clock, as follows:"Frankfort; Ky., April 5."THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."Alexander pardoned. He anddaughter, in Will Stoll's car, leftFrankfort, destination Lexington."THE STATE JOURNAL."Miss Kate Alexander, daughterof the former banker, has laboredindefatigably to obtain a pardon forher father.Alexander has- served approximately five years of a practically indefinite sentence. Those who knowAlexander say that few of his mostintimate friends would recognizehim to-day. When he entered thepenitentiary he was a man of distinguished bearing, and apparently inperfect health. He is said now to.beliterally a mere shadow of his former self. His health is reported tohave been shattered, and it is saidthat Governor Morrow consented toparden him largely for this reason.Failure of the Alexander StateBank, at Paris, caused one of thebiggest financial sensation in thehistory of Kentucky. Hundreds ofdepositors, a great many of thempersons of limited means, lost alltheir savings in the crasn. -Repeated efforts were made toobtain the release of Alexanderfrom the penitentiary, but all resulted in failure until yesterday.Upon the closing of his banking institution, known as George Alexander & Co., State Bank, May 19,193 4, Alexander was considered tobe among the most prominent andrespected citizens of Central Kentucky. He and his family were social favorites They belonged to ,adistinguished family and Nuntil thefailure of his bank, Alexander wasregarded to be a man of considerablewealth. He was majority stockholder of the company, and so greatwas his- prestige that even whenthose "on the inside" doubted the"solvency of the bank, its stockchanged hands at approximately$250 a share a few weeks before thecrash.Even after the closing of thebank a number of the depositorbelieved implicitly that Alexanderpromptly would cover any deficitsfound by the examiners. When,however, suspicion was confirmedthat the shortage would approach aquarter of a million dollars, andthat it was due to alleged irregularities on the part of the head of thefirm, no surprise was occasionedwhen the announcement was madethat the institution would not boreopened, but -would have to gothrough the long process of liquidation. As the firm was not a nationalbank, but was in business under aState charter, the arrest and subsequnt prosecution and convictionwere brought about under the jurisdiction of State courts. t He was sentenced to and since has been confined in the Kentucky State Prison.The failure, the prosecution andthe conviction attracted widespreadinerest, not only because of thecommence of the Alexanders, butcause of the extensive loss to depositors of all rank and conditionsof life.The pathetic element of the case,aside fronj the losses suffered by thedepositors, was said to be the sorrowand humiliation visited upon thefamily of the defaulting hanker.Relatives sought to sustain andcomfort him both before and afterthe trial, refusing to believe thatthere was any wrongful intent ordesire to defraud, r and contendingthat the bank failure was due- to afaulty system "of keeping accounts.FIRE DESTROYS PAINT PLANT:LOSS $25,000. Pi re early Sunday completelydestrojred the plant of the GoheenPstint Company, at Warren, Ohio, entailing a, loss estimated at $250,-f-00.The plant of the Western Reysrve Lumbor Company 'was" threatened for,, time, The, Goheen jCompary moved 'from-Canton i yany yearsaso following the destruction ofthe Canton, plant by fire; .REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,.Harry L. Mitqhell & Son, real es -tateidealers, sold Saturday for A. N.Parker a lot in Fairview Addition toParis, to' Georere Hammnnds ivi-$400. 'turned over to the local Legion offi-Tbrough the Paris Realty Co., ' cials for locaI use.William . Wilson sold Saturday to ' No report was available yesterdayThos. M. Mansfield, of Fayette from tne Marne Memorial Fund camcounty, his farm of eleven acres, Id- ( Paign, which has been in progresscated near Paris, for $3,600, for im-intne county for some time, but itmediate possession. ' ; is safe to say that this, too, will beJ "over the top" as all campaigns andThe sale of the E. B. January I drives have been in Bourbon county.home on Houston avemue, to Frank 1 Tne ?20,Q00 campaign for theP. Kiser, noted in Friday's issue ot ' Massie Memorial Fund, is progressTHE NEWS was negotiated through inS well, and has passed close to"" thethe Paris, Realty Company. This I three-quarter mark- There is a discompany has recently closed several j position on the part of the solicitinglarge deals and is hot on the trail of . committee to remain in the saddleothers.Harry L. Mitchell & Son, newcomers in the real estate field, haveopened offices in the room in therear of the First National Bank,occupied by the Bourbon Building J& Loan Association. This firm hassifccessfully negotiated, several gooa j?aies recently ana win mane astrong hid for patronage in theirline.Through the Bishop & Flora realestate agency, of this city, Mrs.Mrs. Winnie D. Ford sold to J. B.Flora, of Nicholas county, a fourroom cottage, located in the Thornton Addition to Paris, for $1,250.Mr. Flora also purchased the framecottage, adjoining, belonging toGeorge W. Stuart, for $1,250.Harris, Speakes & Harris, who recently purchasd the house and lot atthe corner of Pleasant .and Tenthstreets, of Sam Griffith, have leasedthe lot for period of ten years to theConsumers Service Station Company.' The old house is being razedby George Rose, to whom it wassold. The Service Co. will erect ahandsome service station buildingon the site.Edward "Dickey" Doyle, actingfor the heirs of his mother,, the lateMrs. Julia Doyle, purchased Saturday of the Coughlin heirs, the twostory brick building on Main street,between Seventh and Eighth streets,mfs occupied by him as the "BoneDrj Cafe." T-he price paid was$7,350. The heirs are EdwardDoyle and Cornelius Doyle,, of Paris,and Mrs. Frank Sullivan, of Frankfort. oMAYOR'S PROCLAMATIONAs Mayor ot the City of Paris,Ky., 1 hereby declare the week beginning Monday, April 12, and ending Satuay, April 17, as Clean-Upend Paint-Up Week, in accordanceith the request of the State authorities,and respectfully ask all,the citizens of the city to clean uptheir premises. Those who wish tnecity carts and wagons to halu awayrubbish will please have same "placedon the streets, such as ashes, tincans and trash, but they will nothaul anything that can be burnedup, such as tree trimmings, brush,etc. I ask that these be either burned up or hauled away by the prop-erty-owners or tenants of the property. The carts and wagons will starthauling Wednesday morning, April14, and will continue through theveek. If all rubbish desired to becarted away is not placed on thepavement or in the street where itcan be conveniently secured hy thedrivers, they will not return for it.Get busy.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.THRILLING PHOTOPLAY AT LOCAL ,H0USE5 THURSDAYWhat Dr. Armstrong, an American surgeon, did when he discoveredin the pocket of a weakling braggart a letter from his wife, is oneof the intensely dramatic incidentsin the unfolding of the story of"Blind Husbands," the UniversalJewel production, which is to beseen at the Grand and Alamo, nextThursday, April 8.Eric Stroh'eim, , remembered asthe Hun officer in "The Heart ofHumanity" not only wrote and directed the picture, but played thevillian-star's part. Franselia Billington and Sam DeGrasse portrayMrs. Armstrong and the surgeonhusband. " 'cPRINCETON PROGRAM PLANNEDA reunion of Princeton Collegegraduates residing in- Bourboncounty, is being planned, to takeplace in Paris early in-May. Theformer college men will be guestsof the Paris Bigh SchooL faculty atthat time and will have charge ofthe Chapel exercises" in the HighSchool. W. R. Blakemore, of theclothing firm of Mitchell & Blakemore, graduate of. the Princetonclass of '86, has been placed incharge of the arrangements for thievent, which promises to be one ofgreat pleasure and interest to theparticipantb. A the Chapel exercises a framed picture of the Princeton College buildings and. a Princeton Danner win De pieseuteu tu wigschool.. Some 'of the;(niot. representative, Paris and Bourpon countycitizens are sraduatjbf'w'Dear (HdjPriaeeien;".' ...,THREE CAMPAIGNS ABOUT ATCLOSING POINT.A. B. Hancock, chairman of thecampaign in this countv for theAmerican Legion fund, reported thatlhe entire amount assigned as thecounty's quota, ?387, and then,some more, had been raised. Theamount' was turned in to the nrnnprjauthoiities, and the balance will beuntil the whole amount is raisedSo the people of the city and county may as well make up their mindsthat the Hospital is going to getthe wholes sum, and bring" in theircontributions for the fund.APEIL COURT DAY.Not in many moons has therebeen so disagreeable a day as yes-terday, April Court Day. Heavysnow flurries fell at intervalsthroughout the day, helping to scat-ter the court day crowds, and ternporarily stopping "business" amongthe traders and farmers, who hadsome to the city to dispose of theirsurplus stock. There was a largenumber of horses and mules on the, market, selling at good prices. Inthe basement of the Citizens' Gar -arge, at the corner of Main andSecond streets R. N. Parks, of Cyn-thiana, sold thirty head of draftand general purpose mares andgeldings at good prices. The usualcourt day sales of plug horses,worn-out buggies and other gearwere held on the public square,but the miserable weather served todecrease the attendance, and thesales were somewhat slow. 3ler-cnants report a lairiy goou aybusiness with collections'iHiriygood. The farmers of the countyheld a meeting at the court housaunder the auspices of the newly-organizedFarm Bureau, and listenedto addresses by Dr. Mutcheler, ofthe College of Agriculture of Kentucky University, a-nd 'J. S. Crenshaw, of Cadiz, Ky., on subjects ofimportance to the agricultural interests of the county.Bolshevism is the dyspepsia othumanity. A man is apt to think jthe whole world is out of orderwhen it's merely his own livenoThe days are getting longer, butit is noticed particularly in the jhour of adversity.-WE KNOW H0WFOR SPRINGHave a Stein-Bloc h SuitPfM0 the casual observer clothes areust clothes mostlthere is an important difference between the' generalwear clothes andStein-BlbchSmart . :ClothesYou can readily see the pattern andstyle in any suit. But the wearingquality the service ability ofclothes depend largely upon the Unseen things the linings, the needlework, ihe tailoring. .These unseenthings you take on faith. ,Yet not entirely on faith, because theStem-Bloch label, which stands forSixty-three Years of Knowing How,is a pledge of quality in itself. Andour label endorses it.You begin to fully appreciate SteinBloch Smart Clothes only after suchservice as would put ordinary clothesinto the discard. It is this inherentquality of continued smartnesssmartness as long as the woolens holdtogether that makes Stein-Bloch thechoice of men who know.IIITMICI I 0. DI A VCUnDCi nil i uncLL - c& di Hivrmiinr i :t .' ' v .'' V .V4 ''. -'.,,. . i. ' , " Br't. t - j., j - n. jr- i- - - -j , 2. . . mm.M L ' - j ' "L u" ' u ' ''MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license, was laeueFriday from the office of the ScottCounty Clerk, at Georgetown,, toMrs. Mary Martin and C. W. Harpe,both residents of Bourbon county.McINTYRE RILEY.-4-Henderson Riley, twenty-ftme,farmer, of near Muir, and MissMary Mclntyre, twenty-three, ofFayette county, secured marriagelicense here Friday, and were married by County Judge George Batterton, in 'his private oflBce in tkcourt house.SHARP RIVERS.G. D. Rivers, of Nashville,Tenn., and Mrs. Pearl Sharp-, ofLexington, secured marriage license -hereyesterday afternoon, and weremarried in the ofilce of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, by Rev. Chas.H. Greer, pastor of the Paris Meth-odist church. v They returned toLexington after the ceremony.LITTLE CRUMP.Nimrod Crump, manager of theYn T ,5e Trieu.m ; slf f Emily Little,JeJL; J.ele -J11 Telnly ' Kinnatlby ?eV"AHa11' 0t ."". M!dlSt ch)lrclu ,Aftet wedding tour they returned toris- PT J?FaT 'T't ,A' F Co"ingham, onSouth Main streetj ,T rkT,r,XTri ,TL..ei ruuwai,l'a ,Ylinr'AO- r! Miss Frankie Florence, of Knear "cynthiana, and George Withers, of .Jacksonville,. Bourbon county, weremarried recently" in Cynthiana, at ' :the nome of the officiating minister.,Rev j R jones. Tkey were ac-companied by- Armand Withers,, brother of the groomF and Mi3ezal&etll SmitIlt cougin of the brideTe bride l3 the youngest daugft-. ter of Mr. and Mrs. a w FioreaCe,and is one of Harrison county's most, attractive young women. Thegroom is the son of the late Win.Withers, and is an industrio"usyoung farmer of many sterling qualities. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Withers motored to the home of thegroom's brother, John Witner,where they were tendered a reception. They will reside at the homeof the groom, near Jacksonville.ollEW AUTO OWNERS.The McDonald-Gibson Co., localagents for the Studebaker car, delivered this week a Special Six Studebaker car to B. Friedman, ofParist and a Special Six to S. C.jBascorn, of Millersburg.&all alike. Yetrun of ready-to-1- - sVw-.-,--s"ii,-.iiv'T. irS ,- y.1 y -..- t ', vjy-i $y -... . .. w -a- hX. i ,iyf 'fr f -A -i.V1 CJ&,X-"TPAGE TWOTME BOUKBON NPITS, PAJU6, KENTUCKYM WBfcvvrTHE BOURBON NEWSErfaWished 188139 Years of Contiguous PublicationPlUished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.Mill CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(attred at the Paris, Kentucky,Poitoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thekaxacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwkioh may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will he gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.ouxFOREIGN EEPBESENTA-TIVES.Mew York American Press Asso-Chieasro Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDiiplay Advertisements, fl.00 perImek for first time; 60 cents per inchtack subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linemca Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candlAiteo, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reset vedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied byke cash.SMELLING COMMITTEES'"Smelling Committees" was whatNational Chairman Homer S. Cumtaings called the 92 committeeswhich a Reuublican Congress hascreated to investigate various phasesof the conduct of the great worldwar. His characterization does -notmiss the mark.Never was there revealed such adeliberate purpose upon the part ofa great party to discredit its owncountry. These committees arenow engaged in snooping around theCapital hunting for some thread ofevidence upon which to base acharge of incompetency or graftagainst the Democratic administration. They are using the microscopeto discover a defect, while the nakedeye can only see a glorious whole.The Republicans know that thewar was won under a DemocraticAdministration. They know thatunder a Democratic Secretary of"War 4,000,000 Americans were called to the colors in eighteen months,and two million of them sent overseas. They know that under aDemocratic Secertary of Navy ourhoys weie sent across a subinarineinfected sea without the loss oflife. They know that the financialresources ol the country stood theshock of war because of a Federal. Reserve law, passed by a DemocraticCongress, approved by a DemocraticPresident and administered by aTreasury Department. kThey know America's proud placewhich she has won before the nations of the world, and for narrow,-contemptible partisan purposes theyare attempting now to besmirch thatglorious record.We know something of the -temperof the people and we knowthey will resent such a course.'They do not want two millions oftheir money collected in taxes for'that is what these partisan investigations have cost to date spent todim the glory of America's war; achievements, and they will rebuke-the party that "set out upon such a--plan.oIKENTUCKY MAN TO SEE SECRETARY OF STATE.Senators J. C. W. Beckham andA. O. Stanley of Kentucky, have arranged a meeting with Secretary ofState Colby for John Buchanan, ofliOUisville, who is going to Englandto recover and restore to the Statethe old Kentucky flag lost in the"battle of the Raisin . River duringthe War of 1812 with England.. Mr. Buchanan will confer with SecTetary of State Colby regarding the"negotiations concerning the returnof the old battle flag.Mr. Buchanan was appointed toobtain, the flas: and return it toKentucky by Senator Stanley whenhe was Governor of Kentucky, butthe appropriation to cover the expenses was not mado by the Legislature until its recent session.n ;MRS. CLAY'S WILL PEOBATEDUnder the terms of the will ofMrs. Josephine Clay (Mrs. John M.Clay), filed for probate in the County Court, at Lexington, Wednesday,all of her real a.nd personal property is left to her daughters, Mrs.Lucretia C. Simpson and Mrs. MaryW. Anderson, with the exception of$1,000, which is bequeathed the St..Joseph's Hospital.The personal property is made as-gift, while the real property issubject to conditions. The Ashlandestate may not be sold under theterms of the will during the lifetime of the two daughters, and maythen be old and divided by theirchildren, though Mrs. Clay express-ed the hope it would be retained inthe family.A gold watch, which belonged to.Henry Clay, is left by Mrs. Clay to. Hoary Clay Simpson, a great-great-bso of the famous statesman.Tfce estate is valued at more than!EETURN TO PRIVATE OPERATION.. New efforts to improve the standards of the express service throughout the country are contemplatedby the American Railway ExpressCompany, which will continue thehandling of the business as a singleunit, for the time being at least.A statement to this effect wasmade to-day by Agent Colliver, incharge of the local express offices, inurging shippers to be patient and tolend their co-operation in betteringthe express service."We have already accomplishedmuch since the time of the mergerin 1918, and the service is generallyconsidered good. But we do not sayit cannot be improved and that isour aim. Yet we cannot promiseimmediate improvement, owing tothe unsettled conditions that haveto be faced during this period of readjustment. With the improvementof the railroad service and withmore facilities in cars and terminals, we believe that we can snowgreat progress in this direction."It is out of the question to consider what some people call, the'unscrambling' of the AmericanRailway Express without greatlyunsettling the whole express business and doing more harm than goodto the shipping public. The present company is an organization thattook over the business of the sevenformerly separate companies andconsolidated their working forcesinto a unified operating agency of100,000 men."We have consolidated the routing of freight so that it is now on anational basis, giving shippers themost direct railroad routes available for the handling of their business. The centralized managementhas made possible the introductionof standardized and improved methods of express operation throughoutthe country. We believe that shippers appreciate the advantages ofcentralization of the express business." TRAVELING MANThought He Would Have To QuitRoad Has New Life andEnergy Since TakingTanlac."Yes. sir, I can recommend Tanlac and am glad to do so, for it setme right five months ago, and I'mstill feeling fine,'a' was the statement made by E. T. Bailey, of 811Second street, Louisville, Ky., whilediscussing the medicine with friendsat Taylor Isaacs drug store, inLouisville, recently.Mr. Bailey, who is a travelingsalesman, has represented Colgate& Company for the past five yearsand is one of the best known andmost popular "Knights of the Grip"traveling out of Louisville."I feel deeply grateful to thomanufacturers of Tanlac," continuedMr. Bailey, "for getting out such agreat medicine. It .certainly hasdone good work for me and I thinkeverybody ought to know about itAt the time I began taking it I hadbeen unfit for business for severalweeks. My appetite had left me andmy stomach was so upset that Icould not eat anything withoutsuffering scveiely afterwards fromindigestion. I was constipated allthe time, felt drowsy and dull andhad no energy. I was nervous andirritable and had reached the pointwhere I thought I was going to haveto stop work and go under treatment. In fact, life hardly seemeaworth living."I had read so much about Tanlac and had heard to many peoplein my lounds talking about how ithad helped them that I concluded totry it, and it's a fact when I tell youI was feeling like a new man by thetime I had finished the first bottle.After finishing my second bottle mystomach was in fine shape and Ihave been in top condition eversince. As I said that was fivemonths ago and I am still eatingjust anything I want and haven't anailment of any kind. I have neveibeen much of a hand to praise anykind of medicine, but I can certainlyrecommend Tanlac. What I tookhas been worth many times its costto me and I am convinced that theieis nothing like it for any sort ofstomach trouble and a run-downcondition. Yes, sir, I am glad torecommend Tanlac, for I believe it'sthe very best."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)oWAPJOTG TO ALL AUTOMOBILEOWNERS AND DRIVERSThe new law justpast, known asSenate Bill 110, makes it a felonyfor the removal or erasement of theserial number of the motor on anyautomobile. Also the possession ofany car with the number removedis considered prima, face evidencethat the owner was guilty of sucherasement or removal of the serialnumber. So the burden of proofrests on the owner to show that hedid not remove such number. So wesuggest to all parties buying or trading in cars to first be sure the serialnumber on the motor has never beenremoved or erased.oGot It Easily.With coupons mother pcsircd a silT pitcher. One day a friend was admiring the pitcher, when little daughter said: "Mamma Jii hvo to paymoney for that; ! ' cards."You can always tell a man fromIowa. He carries a coin- purse andwears a peach-seed basket for a'NEARLY GAVE UPrtSAYS PRINCE PAL WILL RACEAT LOUISVILLE.Edward F. Simms, of Beaumont,Texas, is in Kentucky, making a,tour of inspection, and visiting hisXalapa Farm, near this city. Mr.Simms is the owner of Prince Pal,the famous thoroughbred, for whichhe paid $35,000 a few weeks ago.Mr. Simms stated while in Lexington that the horses in .trainingat Louisville will bo shipped to Lexington for the spring meeting, withIhe exception of The Derby candidate, and that application for stallroom, had already been allowedTrainer Will Wallace. Mr. Simmsalso stated that he considered PrincePal had an even chance of winningihe big race at Churchill Downs,despite the fact that many turf followers did not give his Tecent purchase much of a look in.Prince Pal worked a mile in 1:51last Saturday at the Louisvilletrack, the best training move of theyear at the tiack, and Mr. Simms ismuch elated over the excellent condition 'of his horse. He will keepthe colt for stud purposes after aseason or two of racing, and believesthat Prince Pal will make good asa progenitor of the Prince Palatineline in this country.MISTAKES NOW"I Would Be About $100 Better OffIf I'd Have Taken TmtonaFirst," Mrs. Brown'sStatement.LOUISVILLE, K., April 5. "Irealize now that I'd be about onehundred dollars better off if I'dtaken Trutona first, instead ,of trying the numerous medicines I didwithout getting results." Mrs. R. E.Brown, 662 South Twenty-thirdStreet, Louisville, told the TrutonaRepresentative recently."I had indigstion," Mrs. Brownsaid in describing her troubles. "Ifseemed there was nothing I couldeat that would agree with me. Theindigestion caused me to be annoyedwith dizziness. If I would stoopover I felt like I was going to falland if I walked up stairs I'd be annoyed by black spots forming before my eyes.""So many people spoke highly ofTrutona in the papers that I decided to try it. Many of them suffered from troubles like mine, too.I had tried medicine after medicinewithout results and had I gottenfaiily disgusted, I'll tell you. ButTrutona has entirely relieved all ofmy troubles and I can truthfullysay now, that I feel better than Ihave for years."Mrs. Brown's statement shouldprove of the deepest interest toevery one who is suffering fromstomach, liver and bowel troubles.That Trutona completely relievedher troubles after other medicinesfailed, has been definitely statedand if Trutona will do that for oneperson as -a matter of fact; thePerfect Tonic has done it for thousands it will certainly do the sam3for you.T-"tona ' sold in Paris at G. S.Varden & Son's.(adv)oFLAG OF 149TH KY. INFANTRYRETURNEDThe 149th infantry colors, whichwere decorated in Germany afterthe occupation, 'have been receivedby Adiutant General J. M. Deweeseand will find a place in the hall offame of the State Historical Society,at FrankfortThe 149th was made up the Second and Third Kentucky NationalGuard regiments. The personnelwas used as replacement troops inFrance and Colonel George T.Smith was assigned to the 128thinfantry of the 3 2d division. Hehad the colors of the 149th withhim in the army of occupation andthese colors were used when regimental decoration of the 18th w asconferred. .,oAN INTERESTING RELICFoi mer Congressman Wm. Preston, Kimball, of Lexington, hasframed on the wall of his office abill of sale of a negro slave and herchild, disposed of by Charles P.McReynolds, of Christian county, toMrs. Elizabeth Garrard, wife ofGovernor James Garrard, of Kentucky, who " then 'lived in Bourboncounty in the home now owned byT. Hart Talbott and Wm. G. Talbott.The consideration was "eight hundred dollais in paper of the StateBank of Kentucky." McReynoldsguarantees the "title of slave, together with her future progency, tobe free and clean from dispute andincumbrance." The bill is datedSeptember 2, 1823, nearly ninetyseven years ago.oTWO GIFTS TO COLLEGE OF BI' BLE ANNOUNCEDThe College of the Bible, at Lexington, is to receive a gift of $2,000hrough the will of A. M. Jones, ofMayfleld, who recently died at Jackson, Florida. Mr. Jones has been astaunch supporter of the College forj ears, and has made frequent giftsto it.Another gift of $1,0 00 was madethis week to the College of theBible. comirtkwithout - solicitation.and as a voluntary" expression .ofrHAPPY WOMANREALIZES HERAsR forHILL'SFIVE MILLIONUSED IT LASTBILLCASCARAlff QUININEBRonxxatStandard cold remedy for 20 yearm tmoicz iorm uie, sure, boopiates breaks up a cold in 24noun relieves grip 3 oars.Money back if at tails. .Tkegeauine box lias a Redtop with Mr. Hill's.picture.At All Drmg SfrmHappy Thought.A married man has to be a brilliantliar to keep peace in the family. Oneof them talked about Mary in ms sleepall night recently, and his wife's nameis Sarah. And there was heltupaynext morning until he had an idea andexplained theft he went to see MaryPickford in a movie drama the nightbefore and he dreamed about thehow all night. And he got away with'.t, too. Arkanuw Thomas Cat.BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andegg-STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)Auto RepairShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Opportunity Says toYouPut one of our Pianos, Player Pianos or Talking Machines in yourhome a thing of beauty that willgive to you, to your family andfriends, a lifetime of the keenestpleasure, entertainment and enjoyment. We also do tuning and repairing of all kind.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(9-tf) J3SKYourYou ,. We invite youour restrooms,iv'h.ii.lYEAR k3vWOW -viyourself at home.Also let us extend you an invitation from every section of thestore to come in and see the complete assortment of new merchandise which is now at its best.You are welcome here always.CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE.:LTJi. -t VjA new Ford Sedan, run less thanfifty miles.MCDONALD, GD3S0N, CO.,Citizen Garage,Both 'Phones 294 Paris, Ky.For SaleOne Bahiwin Upright. Piano andone Cable Upright Piano. AddressH. C. McKIMGen. Delivery; Paris, Ky.(30-3t)WantedExeprienced engineer byTHE PARIS WATER CO.(23-tf)Fur-Bearing AnimalsWantedWe buy, raise and sell fur-hearingtabbits and other fur-bearing animals. Place your order with us andlist whatever stock you have withus, stating lowest flat price on largeshipments. Address 515-517 N. P.Ave., Fargo, N. D. References,Scandinrvian-American Bank, Fargo1National Bank, Fargo, North Dakota. (30mar-lmo)ForSlleBourbon LaundryDAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4xu&fSlwHfs m& iVTvimmWThe Bourbon LaundryPains, Kentucky xxmXICINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED 187.Trip to CincinnatiWill Be Most SatisfactoryVisit Mableyto use this store as yourwriting rooms and checkingBHBMBslHliMiil3i m3l Sifri silt jSJSSSi6iHOur assemblage of high-classmerchandise is made up of themodels which are reigning in favor and which forecast the trendof the fashions that will dominate the season near at hand.fcejabletand (anewFOUNDEDCincinnati, Ohio. .WantedRailway Mail Clerks, $110 permonth. Experience unnecessary.Young men, 17 upward, desiringclerkships, write for free particulars. J. LEONARD,(Former ' Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Bon Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Killersburg and Carlisle.CAB HO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg 11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ... .12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg 1:00 p.m.Arrive, Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CA3.N0. 2.Leaves Windsor' Hotel ..12:15 pjb-Arrive Millersburg 12:45 p.nv.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg1:55 p.m.2:25 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelBoth Phones 204.EMIX!iXWest Fifh StreetxSATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IXIXIXI& Garewmeeting placeusefacilities. MakeiMr1 L-iiI(a yi.iseed basket for approbation ofl the .institution 'and "&3 JT- VV V: KTrkJvoing. v :irvk;4.kwatch charm;'?'yjj w t ' -"I-r. H-'itfvJi'liTh-MtvJr-iVn-t-A..s,'r-.4-.-a-rXv.s" - .TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1920.Tflfi BOURDOH 'NEWS, ,'- PAWS, KBKWCKY"i-Spring Is Here, But AreYou Ready to Partakeof Pleasures OfferedTrutona Is Daily Winning Unstinted PraiseFrom Hundreds For Overcoming, Tired,Craggy, "No-Account" Feeling SoPrevalent During thePresent SeasonDoes the coming of Spring witliall its pleasuies mean anything toyou?"That all depends," may beyour- answer and admittedly, "it alidepends" it all depends uponwhether or not your system haswithstood the exacting siege ofwinter that leaves in its wake somany thousands of people with completely run-down systems.In fact, conspicuously in theminority are those who have completely avoided the ravages of winter maladies. True, there are thousands who were successful in warding off attacks of influenza and stillmore thousands who escaped pneumonia, hut WHO IS THERE THATDID NOT EXPERIENCE AT LEASTONE HEATY WINTER COLD DUR-iING THE PAST SEASON? Remember, only second in severity topneumonia and influenza, is theheavy, winter cough or cola.Like pneumonia and influenza,winter coughs and colds tend toweaken and materially affect almostevery vital organ of the body. People who have suffered a heavy winter cough, yet feel that their systoms have escaped the strain ofwinter weather, are sadly mistaken.If they could but grasp the facts,they would -not wonder why theyfeel so tired, sluggish, lifeless andgenerally out-of-flx, when theyknow they should be full of "pep"and vitality, in perfect harmonywith the invigorating breezes andsnushiny weather of Spring.Thousands of people aie now taking Trutona, the Perfect vTonic, toovercome this weakened physicalcondition so prevalent at the closeof winter and hundreds of publicstatements now being made daily,prove that none has been disappointed in Trutona as a reconstructive agency, system purifier andbody invigorant.Trutona does its work quickly.It speedily attacks the impurities inthe blood that might, it left alone,bring serious results. It rebuildsbroken-down tissues, strengthensthe nerve centeis and producedigestion and assimilation of food,at the same time throwing off anydecayed matter that may have accumulated. In short, Trutona thoroughly and efficiently tones up everyorgan of the body and gives yourphysical being the vigor and vitality, which alone can place withinyour reach the many pleasureswhich spring offers to the healthyman and woman.Trutona is sold in Paris at Varden & Son's, Druggists.(adv-2t-T)WHITE SOX THINK WELL OFCYNTHIANA PLAYERThe Louisville Herlad's sportingcolumns ' has the following regarding Harvey McClelland, of Cynthiana, well-known here, who is withthe Chicago White Sox ball teamthis season: I"Frank Graham entertained anumber of the hoys with his appreciation of Hervey McClelland, theCynthiana, Ky., infielder, who iswith the White Sox. Prank saysHervey is one of the very best ballplayers in the game."For the life of me I can't seewhy they don't play that boy regularly. You may thing I'm crazy,hut I want to tell you . all that Ithink Hervey has but two or threeomioic ac an infielder. Me is aPLEET OP PNEUMATIC TRUCKSTO VISIT PARIS.Paris will extend a wholesomewelcome to the fleet of pneumatictired trucks, trailers and other hauling equipmeiit that will visit thiscity Saturday, April 24, under theauspices of the Central KentuckyAuto Dealers' Association. A bandwill accompany the fleet and giveconcerts in all the cities and townsisited. The fleet is valued at$100,000 and the tour will make250 miles before their return toLexington.A local committee is planning tomeet the fleet on the outskirts oftown and escort the convoy to aparking place down town where ashort program of speaking will beconducted.Thp nnrnose of the tour is toejud.is "" 7 It. i ine purpose oi tne tour is u.nof tio mni-ps stnns that other . , .. j j ...wiuui. "v .. .-- noost gooa roaas, speeu up piuuuu-nlairorc -arrmlrl SP.areeiV attempt. xlO ,. j 4- :!., fmlrc i-njvw ., - - lion, ucmuuaudic ixia.1. n u.o iii tvo orfootpct arms ni. . - ,. ,. , . j i.v.Tins one of the greatest arms in"baseball, and Bescher or Cobb or noone else can go around those basesany faster than he. If I had thepick of all the ballplayers in theworld, McClelland would play everyday on my team. I saw a great dealof his work in the Western League,and I know what, I am talkingabout. He'd be the stars of stars inthis league," prophesied Frank.PARIS EVIDENCEFOR PARI!! PEOPLECThe Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter StrangersHome testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris man's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thathacks Doan's Kidney Pills.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too freely,making me get up aften at night.I have used a box of Doan's KidnejPills at those times and they havealways rid me of the complaint. Ithink they are a, splendid kidneymedicine and gladly recommendthem." , , TWifPrice 60c, at all dealers. Don tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills-the sameThat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-hurnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.be used for all kinds of work in therural sections and prove that costof operation is considerably lessthan the old methods.The unique motorcade was planned bv the dealers as an educationalenterprise and there will be no attempt made to solicit business onthe trip.The towns to be visited the firstday of the tour include Nicnolasville, Wilmore. Shakertown andHarrodsburg.Tuesday, April 20th, sees them atPerry ville, Danville, Bryantsvilleand Lancaster.Thursday, April 2 2d, Whitehalland Winchester.Friday, April 23rd, North Midcletown, Millersburg and Cynthiana. Saturday, April 24th, Jacksonville, Centt-rville and Paris.MOTHER!"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeA Los Angeles barber has a signon his window: "Hair cut while youwait." If he can cut it any otner'way;' he's' a. magician.:SOCIAL AND PERSONAL".Comings and Goings of Our JPeople Here, There ana' Elsewhere.Mrs. wni. uryan nas reiumcu .from a visit to friends and relatives When the boay begins to Gtiffeziin Louisville. and movement becomes painful itL. A. Soper has returned from is usually an indication that thea visit of inspection to his farm, kidneys -are out of orde KeeDnear Artesia, Miss. v,o . i tMiss Mary Kenney Webber has these Organs rtea.thy by takingleturned from a visit to Miss juiierRisque, in Midway.Squire L. J. Fretwell has returned from a winter's stay in St.Petersburg, Florida.. Mrs. W. F. Chappell has returned from Winterhaven, Florida,where she spent the winter.Mrs. Helen Davis Swearengenhas returned from a visit to MrsrMatt C. Clay, in Mt.N Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Elmer McClainhave moved to Paris from Leesburg,and have gone to housekeping.Miss Virginia Dundon, wno isattending school at Oxford,. Ohio, isat home for the Easter holidays.Mrs. J. J. McCarthy and chii-dren have returned from a visit toMrs. Munday Baxter, in Lexington.Mrs. Nellie Taylor has returnedto ner home in this city from a visitto Mrs. T. J. Dykes, in Winchester.C. L. Bell, of the Bourbon Oil& Development Co., of Paris, was arecent business visitor in Winchester. Miss Mayme West has returnedto her home in Nicholasville, aftera visit to her cousin, Mrs. Thos. M.Funk, in this city.Miss Thelma Petree, who is attending school at Oberlin, Ohio, isspending the Easter holidays in thiscity as guest of her aunt, Dr. Martha Petree.Mrs. A. L. McDuffy has returned to her home in this city from avisit to Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice,in Harrodsburg.Lauthman Woods is at homefrom school at St. Mary's College,St. Mary's, Ky., to spend the Easterholidays with his mother. Mrs. JackWoods, on Eighth street.Thornton Connell, now on thestaff of the Louisville Courier-,Journal, was a recent guest at thehome of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.John J. Connell, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis, ofColumbia, S. C, former residents ofParis', have arrived for an extendedvisit to the latter's sister, Mrs. JohnT. Hinton, and other relatives.I j. A. Soper, Jr., who is a student at the University of Kentucky,is spending the Easter holidays inthis city with his parents, Mr. andMrs. L. A. Soper, of Twelfth street.Miss Imogene Redmon and sister, Mrs. Florence Green, have returned for 'an extended visit totheir cousin, Miss Georgia King,and other relatives, in Arlington.Ky.Mrs. James G. Metcalfe, Sr.,ui route to her home in New Yorkfrom a visit in Knoxville, Tenn.,was. a guest- for several days of herson, Jas. G. Metcalfe, Jr., in thiscity.Mrs. Mary Dickerson, "wlio liaffbeen spending the winter with relatives in Texas, is a guest of herdaughter, Mrs. W. E. Ellis, andfamily, at Main and Tenth streets,in this city.Mrs. Lucy Gregory Arnold, Mrs.Henry M. Hall and Miss EmilyDuncan Simmons have returned totheir home in Winchester after avisit to Mrs. C. M. Clay, at "Auvergne," near Pans. ,Marion Douglass has returnedto his home in Middlesboro, after avisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Douglas, in this city. Mr.Douglass will probably locate inLexington, where he has been offered a fine position in the railway service. The members of the MissionBand of the Christian church wereguests Saturday afternoon of Mrs.S. E. McClanahan, Superintendent,and Mrs. George Williams Clay,Assistant Superintendent at anEaster party held at the home ofMrs. Clay.Mr. and Mrs. Alex Mellingerand family, former residents ofParis, have sold their home in Richmond, and will go to California toreside. They left Sunday for a visitto friends and relatives in Toledo,Ohio. From there they have planned to make an overland trip viaautomobile to California, wherethey will locate if the country andopportunities impress them favorably. Mr. and Mrs. Mellinger and.daughters have many friends inParis, who wish them abundantprosperity and success in their newhome, v(Other Personals on Page 5.)oTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Adam and Eve were in Paris afew days ago shopping. Adambought a pinch-back suit, halflength socks, sleeveless shirts,English half-way trousers and alight weight cap. Eve was lookingover the fig-leaf line, and purchaseda peek-a-boo waist, sandals, shortskirt and a loose-fitting sweater. Ithas been about two thousand ormore years since they were here,but it was learned in an interviewthat time had wrought but fewchanges in wearing apparel, and thehabits and customs of the natives.. .THIRTY-THIRD DEGREE IffTHIEVERY.VI 1ft& H IM Sr tw3" &&&&&O UbA 1 rfgi&&?Erm-i &The world's standard remedy fcr kidney,liver, bbddtr and uric ccid troubles.Famous Since I69G. Tata re-rriLirlv andkeep in good he&Kh. la tlirce sizes, all 1Loak fcr tile n&me Gold MMoJ en every boxINSURANCE COMPANIES IN THISSTATE CLEAR MILLIONSDuring the last year insurancecompanies doing business in Kentucky issued policies amounting to$730,963,309. unon which thev received premiums amounting to $9,-196,204, and paid out in losses $3,S87.439. Thfi avpra?A rn.to oha-TwAper $1,000 was $12.58, as against$12.30 for the year 1918.The premiums paid on fire risksamount. to $8,277,149, while thelosses paid by the companies amountat $3,635,016. Marine and interiorinsurance, which inchidp aiit.nmn-biles, received premiums amountingto $4,000,624 and paid losses aggregating $139,117. Premiums on tornado insurance amounted to $573,431 and losses $113,360.oLIFT OFF CORNS!Drop Freezone on touchycorn, then lift that cornoff with fingersAttractive New Merchan-dise in the Art NeedleWork DepartmentFirst Floor RearDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littlePreezone on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then you lift it right out. Yes,magic! No humbug! "A tiny bottle of Preezone costsbut a few cents at any drug store,but is sufficient to remove everyhaid corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the calluses,without soreness or irritation.Preezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful.(adv-T-tf). oPlacing a bent pin on. a chair isconsidered a practical joke, but thevictim isn't apt to see the point.oThe more difficult it is for a fellow to go on a toot the more theprohibitionist blows his own horn.We, are showing a full line ofRoyalSocietyUnderwearput up in packages containing material and sufficientfloss to complete garment.- Also a complete assortment ofChildren's StampedDressesInfant size to 12 years. Theycome in heavy and sheer materials.An early inspection of theseseems recommendable, as reorders are slow in being filledand we have a complete stockof them at the present time.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.amgtsB-3;i-E-i:g-g-g-g-;--5-g-ssi-i :;fiTip to the FarmerSee COLLIER BROS.About REED'S YELLOW DENT and BOONE COUNTYWHITE SEED CORN. Also VEGETABLE and FARMFERTILIZERS of all kinds.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phono &7llfifiiiBil-Sfil.JEilslJIsSrTHE NORTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56' AUTO-TRACK: WAGONAccept "California" Syrup ofFiJ?s only look for the name California on the packageT then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimfess physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California ".auv-1-M.jMany a man makes a banquetspeech without saying what he istalking about.. oAll things come to those whowait, but success is a poor waiter. -The theft of a forest is the lateststartling development in troubledIreland.Killywilly Wood, in County'Cava-h, was to have been sold atauction. Somebody remembered toinspect it the day before the auctionand found but eighty- trees standing.The next day agents for the estate made a visit to prove up on thefirst inspector's report and foundthat even the last eighty had beenstolen during the night.a-Most suspicious man i-n. the worldlives in Fort Wayne, Ind. Saysthat in all probability Paul Rev-ereT8 norse ran away witnnimrSwiTel-Coupk'a m1 Fiflfc-WheclWhich Would You Buy?IF YOU were buying a farm and there weretwo farms of exactly the same size for sale,located right next to each other,' and ifthe soil was just the same but one farmhad 80 acres under cultivation and all in cropwhile the other had only 50 acres in crop, thecrops being the same kind, and the farm withthe 80 acres in crop had a big red barn and agood house while the other farm hads only asmall cabin for a house and an old straw-and-mudstable for a barnWhich farm would you buy in a case likethat if the price was about the same m both i -instances? Foolish question, isn't it? jWell, thenIf you were buying a new wagon and there were two different wagons of thesame size that sold at about the same price, but - one wagon had exceptionallywell ironed gears, was equipped with a "fifth-wheel" to distribute the strain on thefront bolster and prevent whipping of the tongue and rocking of the bolster, andwas also equipped with a swivel-reach-coupling to relieve both front and reargear, axles, wheels, and brake of twisting strains when riding over rough ground,chuck holes, etc. a wagon just like the standardized auto-track Weberwhilethe other wagon had none of these features and we have not yet mentioned thequality of wood stock and the seasoning of the Weber to say nothing of the factthat the Weber Wagons known reputation is unquestionedWhich wagon would you buy? Tell us the answer when you are ready tobuy a new wagon. We are the exclusive agents in this town for Weber standardized auto-track wagons.THE C. S. BALL GARAGECorner Fourth and Pleasant Sts. sTHE SCXTTtgllN STATES HAVE ADOPTED .THE If AUTO .TRACK yfkdxmMH-717 t1MrV--v-y '"U-i ifH-.$"-A-sV0hVm S..&v& ' ?'.A."M.'--",- -t vv 'yV. -rsv:t v -IV., - " " f.i '"-3 y,c.'-.y i?'h:saVAVfvFAGBItUBT&E BOURBON Ngffy, v gABBfrr KENTUCKYi -'HOTESBOM Y. K. C. A.The Y. M. C. JL Educational Ser-'vice Committee will hold its nextBOURBON TURFMEN IN THEDAYS HEWS. :Fred Merimee has returned frommeeting- on Friday, "April 9, andali Havana, where he rode in good" ex-service men desiring to avail form. He will be connected' withthemselves of the free scholarships John M. Goode this year and hasprovided by the National -yar Work been busily engaged sinc his re-Council, should file their applica- turn getting his employer's horses-tions- by that date. Discharges m shape for the coming "race meet-fchould accompny the application, ings.Scholarships for college attendance Edward Simms has returned toand also-for home study courses are Houston, Texas. He has 11 foals,included. eight of them fillies, at XalapaThe home study courses include a Farm, in Bourbon county. Meinenlarge number of courses of special Star slipped twins to Theo Cook andinterest in rural life. The follow- Blue Plum's colt by the same sire,ingVare among the Farm Courses died.offered: Agricultural and Rural At A. B. Hancock's two studs, ElEngineering; Fertilizers; Farm and lerslie and Claiborne, 37. foals haveCrops; Breeding and Feeding of come, aad 22 are colts. Eleven or' Live Stock; Dairy Farming; Poultry the colts and two of the fillies areHusbandry; Vegetable, Orchard and by the dead sire Celt. The largestSmall Fruits; Farm Drainage and j of the Celt colts is out of LittleWater Supply and Water Power, 'Flower, dam of Boots. An ownEconomics- Diseases and Insect brother of Mysterious Girl, by HilControl; Farm Drafting; Shop arious, dam Darling, was foaled FnWork; Building and Machinery. (day at Claiborne Stud, near Paris.. j Prince Pal: who will probably-X F Zerfoss District Y. M. a A. ' carry the hopes of Kentuckians inSecretary announced at the Paris the Kentucky Derby, at ChurchillHigh School, the holding of an Older Downs track, Louisville, is not beBoys' Conference in Cynthiana, on , ing rushed by Trainer Wallace andApril 9 10 and 11. Presidents Mc-l reports are that the Simms colt isVey, Ganfield, and Dr. J. A. Stucky taking kindly to training and beforeare prominent attractions. The ban- long will be reeling off miles at axmet Friday evening will be the fast clip,ODenins: attraction. Bourbon county is entitled to send fifty delegatesThese will be divided equally between Paris and the county. Eachchurch Js invited to name four delegates. The following committeewill have charge of selecting thedelegates: Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick,Robert Bowen Frank, Vail Baldwin.Collins Hall, James McClintock.Ralpji Connell and Robert Meglone.NEWORLEANS MOLASSESBARGAIN PRICES.-ATWe have an elegant lot of NewOrleans molasses that must be soldquick. Only a little left that weare going to sell at $1.25 per gallon.C. P. COOK & CO.LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longIzct yellow pine from the Southerni orests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.Wecan save you money.xThompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentucky'4VAFIFTY YEARS AGOThe .man who, had an Insurance Policy forthe benefit of his family had to "beat it"home -by the back door to avoid superstitious neighbors who accused him of "tryingto fly in the face of Providence."TODAYThe man who isn't insured somewhere forthe benefit of those dependent upon him isconsidered an improvident citizen. "THEWORLD DO 1VIOVE."Are you abreast with thetimes? . How much LifeInsurance do you carry?R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentIThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank Bldg.PARIS, KY.Assets .;....... .$440,861,77575Annual Dividend to Policy Holders in 1920 $16,100,OM.OOTLETTER TELES OF HRE'AT;C0H. FEDERATE HOME. - 1Probably no one in Paris ta3Ce a"greater interest in tire Confederateveterans in the Confederate Hoineat Pewee Valley than Mrs. CharlesC. Leer. Very recently Mrs. Leerreceived a letter from C. L. Daughert, Commandant 'of the Home,which, in part, tells of conditionsthere following the recent destruction by fire of that place. Col.Daugherty, writing to Mrs.' Leerunder date of March 30, says:"Dear Madam: As you doubtlessknow before this, a part of the Confederate Home burned last Thursdaynight. The main building and thelaundry were a total loss. The roofof the heating plant and one ward of,the infirmary burned. Tne oaianceof the buildings are intact. All thefurniture in the main building, aswell as the supply of food and clothing, burned. We saved nearly allthe bedding. The machinery in theheating plant is not injured. I. senttwenty-six of the infirmary patientsto the Louisville City Hospital afterthe fire, and about twenty of themen have gone away on furloughs.I have the balance comfortably situated in what is left of the infirmary,in Duke's Hall, the two-story cottage and the tuberculosis building.The dining room and kitchen weresaved, therefore, we are able to feedthe veterans with very little inconvenience. A great number of themen lost their clothing, especiallytheir underweai. "We also lostnearly all the sheets, pillow slips anutowels that were in the laundryand store room. Our sewing machines were alsp lost in the fire."We have had to buy aboutsixty bedsteads, and have had to goto a great deal of expense' on account of extra help to clean up thebuilding and make ready for themen. Although the fire occurred atnight I had a bed ready for everyone of them before midnight, andhad breakfast ready for them beforeeight o'clock the next morning."Am pieparing to brings the menfrom the City Hospital a soon asour water supply will permit. Ourwater tanks were burned, but Ithink the structure on which theyrested is all right. It will probablycost about $800 or $1,000 to replace the tanks. It will take twoweeks' time for replacing." I am&ure we have ample insurance torebuild an addition to the infirmary,which will make the men more comfortable than they have ever been..We have lost about' one-half month'sappropriation in supplies, such asfood and clothing, as we had boughtour summer clothing, but, on thewhole, we are much better off thancould be expected under the circumstances. We did not have a singleman inured in any way."The employes of the Home didheroic work in saving the men andrroperty. Too much cannot be saidfor the citizens ot fewee vaney,for their work in behalf of the veterans. The Presbyterian and Episcopal churches were opened for thecare of the men. The rector of theEpiscopal chuich notified' us in lessthan fifteen minutes after the firestarted that his church was openfor the the reception of the men ininfirmary, who were carried there.A great many of the citizens of Pewee Vallev carried from one tothree of the veterans to their homes."I am writing ycu this as one ofthe Advisory Board of the Home, soyou may know the true conditionsexisting at the Home. fI trust youwill have this published in yourcounty papers so that the friends,and relatives of the veterans mayalso know of the conditions."ery Respectfully Yours,"Cli. DAUGHERTY, Commandant."Per I. A. Nail, Secretary. 'V."TUjMDAY,- igMLtftINSPECTION COMMTTTEE EE-!TUKN FROM THEIR TRIP KMayor-E. B. January, Fire ChiefCottage: WantedWanted - torrent a cottage of fourSwift McGoldrick, and Councilman or five rooms. Must be close toGeorge Doyle returned Friday nigh? , business ' center. fc Inquire for F. E.from a trip of inspection to the ap- j JONES, Manager, at the S. H. KressPWWMpaBaaaiHiBiiB.v'Tr - nAnnouncement!paraius manuiacturing plants inCincinnati and Dayton, Ohio. Thcommittee inspected several different makes of auto-pumping fire apparatus, and wer,e witnesses of testsof the machines made for their benefit. The committee was greatlypleased with what they saw of theworkings of the machines, and willmake a report to the City Councilof their investigations. 'It may besome time before the machine ispurchased, or a particular type 'ofmachine recommended for purchase,Catesbv Spears, the other . memberof the committee, not being present !when the tests were made.Co. Store.(6-3t)For SalePUBLIC SALEOFLive Stock and FarmImplementsHaving sold my farm located onthe Greenwich pike, 6 miles fromParis, 11 miles from Lexington, Iwill offer at public auction onThursday, April 8, 1920at 10:00 a. m., on the premises thefollowing:5 cows, fresh;2 heifers;3 horses;Sow and pigs; --1 brood sow;1 steer, weighs 700 pounds;1 new mover; N1 2-horse wagon;1 spring wagon; .1 run-a-bout;1 breaking plow:1 cultivator; '1 double shovel plow;A lot of single trees;30 to 40 bushels of extra goodseed corn.Lot of chickens, ducks, guineas.TERMS Easy and made known.'on day of sale.We have nuite an assortment, of17 and 18 Ford cars and trucks., ingood condition,, at bargains. Calland see them.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.,(6-3t) Paris, Ky.We are now sole agents for Burpee' seedsand have on sale a 'freshstock and very extensive assort-Iment of the popular varieties, in.Ifiower and vegetable seeds.we enaeavor to carry in stock allthe popular kinds, and can get onshort notice those we do not have instock.We. have a supply of catalogues tofurnisn our customersAgents WantedWanted, man with team or auto,who can "give bond, to sell 137Watkins home and farn products.Biesrest concern o"f kind in world.$1500 to $5,000 .yearly income.!Territory in this county open. IWrite to-day, J. R. Watkins Co., De-partment 112, Winona, Minn.(614t-T)Cn.t-. ,wi.ji.vrWA0. VJOl TOUT"catalogue here and make out yourlist.Everything will be furnished ator below catalogue prices.This affords an excellent opportunity to obtain the most dependable seeds in a very convincing way.Ardery Drug Co.Paris, Ky.(6-3t)JGEO.' W. W. BOONE.D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Immediately following the abovesale of property we will sell for R.G. Wilmott, 40 head of sheep, 20with lambs and others to lamb,four heifeis, 3 steers, 3 registeredDuioc sows, bred; one Duroc boarand one farm wagon.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct.IA,URw' politediplomaticservicesmeet with nublic approval. The beautiful dignity thatcharacterizes the accomplishments of thisorganization is a symbol of respectful regard.sf- SYMPHONY CONCERTMusic lovers of the Blugrass willflock to Lexington, April 13, for twoconcerts to be given by the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra with Eugene Ysaye, renowned Belgianviolin virtuoso, as leader, it is indicated by heavy advance seat sales, jSeveral parties from Bourbon countyhave made reservations, ana winbring a group of friends with themfor the matinee and the 'eveningj performance.oCOLLECTS $46.95 IN BOURBONState Inspector and ExamineiHenry E. James filed Saturday withGovernor Edvin Morrow, at Frankfort, a report on Bourbon county,showing the sum of $46.95due the State fiom county officials,which sum he had collected andturned in to the treasury.oATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is. the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIFT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsFIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your patch beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0.feb27-tf) . :YourHatisHereNewStyles$2.50to$9.00RECENT AUTO SALESThe Paris Garage reDorts the following sales of new cars made recently to Bourbon county people:An Oakland Sedan to O. C. Hedges;Oakland touring car to T. H. Reed.& Son, of Little Rock: Oakland; 1 tourinc car to Thos. Dwelly, ofnear;YourHatisHerev NewStyles$2.50to$9.00StyleWith;. First "Longies" TheyAppreciate GoodTHE MAKERS of our clothes, after years of careful study, have put forwardclothes that meet the exacting tastes of the young fellow just graduating from"knickerbockers." We've assembled clothes in styles that all young fellowsare wvaring in trim, smartly set-up double-breasteds in one, two and three buttonstyles. Also snappy single breasted models iir one and two buttons. Longwearing fabrics have been selected in fashion's newest colors and patternsblues, browns, greens, greys and fancy mixtures. Ther's a big saving on everysuit ' '$ 1 5.00 to $45iOORWALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.-v 4-7Tuuv.uui.unii, - t . a-'f.'t' 1&' ,vS.-rSut5i . . iv--V' -K:- vvv,:' 1t--.-" - . ,. . ; ,y ft r ' -rll J ,--JA Iv.v.?2rii npirBinmn , , ,. itfp7-'v-i - Z IUf"p; Vf'V'r V -i .tTUESDAY APRIL, , 1120.Ky 4jg "" ffijMfcft ,i?l?;'rl 'irthe; bourdonrAju jlatuluvSOCIALAND PERSONAL.A"r --" ?fJ4i 'ill!ammmmaammmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmm, JIOTtttMQ CtSCGARDENSEED AND'SEED,CHICKENOnion sets, garden seeds of the"best brands, chicken feed that willmake the chicks thrive.C. P. COOK & CO.TO-DAY ANNIVERSARY OF BATTLE OFSfflLOH.To-day, April 6, is the fifty-eighthanniversary of the great battle ofShiloh, whoch was one of .the firstgroat engagements of the war. Fora full description of this great eventwe refer our readers to LieutenantIrOt Young's account, published inhis "Reminiscenses of The OrphanBrigade."oTO DIRECT PARIS HIGK SCHOOLPLAYLETPrcf. Edward Saxon, who hasheen so successful with the Transylvania College dramatic club, hasbeen engaged to direct the SeniorClass play of the Paris High School.Prof. Saxon reports the Paris institution has excellent material, andthat Ihe play, which will be givenabout May 20, will be most successful. EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINSIN POPULAR SHOESOne hundred pairs For bushand Crossett Oxfords for Men,discontinued styles, al! sizes,So close for CASH ONLY, at$4.85 per pair.H. M. COLLINS & CO.(apr2-2t)PAKCY FAT CATTLE TORTER MARKET.EAS-We have, just bought twentyhead of fancy fat steeys from J. G.Redmon, which we will kill for theEaster market. These are animalsof exceptionally fine quality andwill make the most excellent cuts of"beef. We will also have plenty ofhome-killed Easter lambs. Get inearly with yGur order.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-3t)oRESIGNS AS MANAGERWalter Dalby, who has been localmanager of the S. H. Kress storesin this city, since the opening of theconcern, tendered his resignation tothe company Friday. Mr. Dalby willremain in Paris for a while, .until hehas determined what his futureplans are to be. He is succeededhere as manager by F. Et Jones, whois transferred from the company'sstore at Little Rock, Arkansas. Mr.Jones assumes the duties of his newposition yesterday. Mr. Jones is desirous of securing a small four orfive-room cottage within convenientdestance of the business section.o. SOME EASTER WEATHER.Easter Sunday was one of themost 'disagreeable days of the newlyarrived spring, so long hearalded asbeong 'just over the hill." Highcold, blustering winds prevailed allday, and through the night, followed by rain turning to snow yesterday. Thermometers registered adrop from seventy to almost freezingyesterday morning. Dust blownthrough the air by the raw winds,filled the eyes of pedestrians, andmade them realize the fact that"the wind makes the weather."Reports in the daily papers told ofthe severest storms visiting theEast and West, tying up traffic, andcausing general discomfort over alarge area.PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILL AND SAVE PENALTY.Don't forget that the 10th of themonth is ihe last day to pay yourgas and electric bill and save tneregular discount. Pay to-day donot put it off it saves us troubleand saves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(6-2t)-O-ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)CITY HEALTH BOARD ORDERSREMOVAL OF HOGS.The city ordinance requiring thatall hogs and pigs be removed fromthe limits of the City of Paris bypril 2, is to be strictly enforced.Heed this warning and remove yourswine. By order Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,(2-2t) City Health Officer.oCOUNTY COURT NEWS 'In the County Court, Mrs. Mary1. Stephens, widow of the laterhf,vic tpnhens. who was namedas administratrix of the estate,waived her right to qualify for thetrust. Judge Batterton namedWoodford Spears as administrator.Mr. Spears accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in$55,000t with his. brother, CatesbyvWoodford, as surety.cunr nrmes. 'who was arrestean vnnTKrstnwn. Ohio, and returned.to Paris on a charge of desertingfamily in this city, was given hearing-before Judge Batterton. Ormesand his wife having reached an.agreement and adjustment of theiitroubles, the Court dismissed, thecase and diScIWd Ojrmee' fromcustody; y sComiat aid Going- of Ourr eople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mr. Rankin MastinCovington, Sunday.Ossian Edwards leftvisited inyesterday-v .. jjuuis, mo., onmission.a businessMrs. Clay Sutherland spent themmuays witn relatives inWinchester.-Mr, and Mrs. J. M. Powell, ofWinchester, are guests of friendsnd relatives in this city.Mrs. T. E. Cecil, of Lawrenceburg, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Elizabeth Oaks, in this city.Mrs Julian Fratak has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Forrest Eyer, in Keokuk, Iowa.Cornelius "Buddy" James returned Friday night from an extended stay in Hot Springs, Ark.Mr. and Mrs. James II. Thompson are at Martinsville, Ind., rorten-days' sojourn.Mrs. J. J. Rice, of Harrodsburg,is a guest of her father, Dr. J. T.Brown, and Mrs. Brown, in this city.Squire J. H. Hopkins, one ofthe county's best-known citizens, iscritically ill at his home near LittleRock.Mr. and Mrs. Dan W. Peed andson, Dan W. Peed, Jr., left Fridayfor a stay of several weeks at HotSprings, Ark.Mrs. C. A. Teller and son, Wm.Teller, have returned to their hotnein Chicago, after a visit to the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L.Price, of South' Main street.Miss Valette McClintbck, whois attending school in Washington,D. C, spent the Easter vacation asguest of her paients, Mr. and Mrs.Will G-. McClintock, in this city.Harvey McClintock, son of Mr.and Mrs. Bert McClintock, has takena position as clerk in the Mtchell &Blakemore- store. He succeeds Rus-' sell Clayton, who has embarked-inthe grocery business.Mayor E. B. January will go toHarrodsburg to-day to attend ameeting of the Odd Fellows lodge.At this meeting initiatoiy degreewill be conferred on a class of sixtycandidates, the largest class evertaken in in Kentucky at one time.Wm. W. Dudley, who has beenvery ill for several weeks at hisborne on South Main street, is convalescent and was able to resumehis position at the Jas. E. Cravenrestaurant yesterday.Ray Clark, who is engaged inthe insurance business in BattleCieek, Mich., with the Northwestern, is spending the Easter holidaysin this city with his parents, Mr.and Mis. Walter Clark, pn Fifteenthstreet.The Paris Literary Club, at thelegular weekly meeting to-morrowwill present the following program:"The Forty Days of Resurrection,"Mrs. James McClure; "The EarlvChristian Church," Mrs. Henry A.Power, "The Teachings of Jesus,"(Shatter Matthews), Miss LauraLillesto. s 'Miss Alice Behrman, of Newport, sister of Mrs. J. W. Bacon, ofParis, underwent a very serious operation at Speers' Hospital, in Dayton, Ky,T yesterday. At five o'clockyesterday afternoon she was reported to be in a very serious condition.Mrs. J. W. Bacon and Miss ClaraBacon aie in Dayton with MissBehrman.The Bourbon Art Club will closethe work for the year with the program to be rendered at the meetingSaturday. The program foUpws:Women Sculptors Anna V.TIyatt;Janet Scudder: Evelyn- LongmanMrs. Fanniebell Sutherland; Sculptors of Animals Edward Kemeys;Solon Borglum Miss Ranson; Makers of Fountains Miss-Orr; Medalists Miss Evans.Jesse M. Alverson has returnedfrom Rochester, Minn., where hehas been under treatment at theMayo Bros.' Hospital, for severalweeks. Mr. Alverson experiencedconsiderable physical improvement4-during his stay at the Hospital.Mr and Mrs. Louis Rogers, of Paris.are still at the institution, wherethey arc undergoing medical treatment, ePatients at the Massie Memorial Hospital are doing as well acould be expected. Dr. .BruceSmith, of Millersburg. who has beenseriously ill for some time withpneumonia, is on the road to recovery, and is able to sit up in bedMis. Ben Steagall, who underwentan operation for appendicitis, sometime ago, will soon be able to returnto her home. Mrs. Jo.s. Stivers, whowas opeiated on at the institution Jpome days ago, has returned to herhome. Louis Grosche, who is undertreatment at the ,Hospital, is doingvery well. Miss Anna Cook, whounderwent an operation at the Hospital, for tonsilitis, has returned toher home. Howard "Petie" Floyd,son of Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Floyd,who Avas badly injured several daysago in an accident at the Y. M. C.A., is resting comfortably and willrecover. Lawrence Mitchell, formerFood Commissioner, and prominentgrain dealer of Pans, is a patient atthe Hospital, where he was lemovedFriday, and underwent an operationfor gall stone. He is doing nicejy.Drs. Stoeckenger, Wallingford andGilkey performed the ojeration. Allpatients at-the Hospital are doingvery well.(Other Persdhals on Page 3.)nDOG LICENSES ISSUED.Up to date a total of 1.570 dog;licenses have been issued from theofflee of County Clerk Pearce Paton,for the protection of dogs of a morenr lea? hieh value and pedigree.This is eight hundred less than the'number at this time last year, uierh.Paton extends a cordial invitationto do? owners to conie forward anddeposit the necessary funds and secure tle license and tags for theiipets. Many of these are not yetwp;irnsr tne county jewfe -i'." " : - a i ?r:,ri.wk,tells, the, omcers uiey mj iiwvnc6u:ito" remain on eann. w ARELIGIOUS., Fifty-six converts, who hadunited with the Methodist churchby letter or confession during therevival at the Methodist church,the congregation Sunday by the pastor, Rev. Chas. H. Greer. Themeeting closed Sunday night.The prayer-meeting service atthe Presbyterian church Wednesday night will be held at 7:30o! clock, instead of 7:15, o'clock, asheretofore. ' The meeting skippedseveral times in deference to therevival at the methodist church,which has closed.Five hundred delegates from allparts of the State are expected tobe in Paris, May 7, '8 and 9, to attend the sessions of the State Christian Endeavor Convention, whichwill be held in the Christianchurch. The delegates will be entertained, as far as possible, in private homes of the citizens of Paris.Some of the leading men. and womenworkers in the State will be present, and a program of great excellence will be provided, making theoccasion one . of the most enjoyableof the season in religious circles.Easter Sunday was appropriately observed at all the churchesin this city byspecial services emphasizing the character of the day.Services were conducted at theChurch of the Annunciation by thepastor, Rev. Father Thos. Coleman,-Kith high mass at eight o'clock,followed by Holy Communion, attended by the members of the congregation, the Knights of Columbus,and the Boy Scouts, and low massat ten o'clock. The sermon andbenediction were given at the nightservice. A special musical programwas rendered under the direction ofMiss Julia O'Brien, with Miss MaryMcWilliams as organist.At the Presbyterian church, thepastor, Rev. T.S. SmyKe, preachedat both services, taking for hismorning seubiect. "Three EasterLillies," and in the evening, "Bolshevism, the Prime Minister of theDevil." A 'special program wasrendered. At the Baptist church thepastor, Rev. Arthur Fox, "preache'dat the morning service on the subject of "The Resurrection," and Inthe evening on the subject of "TheOvercrowded Life," with special musical services. At the Christianchurch at the morning services thepastor, Rev. W. E. Ellis, preachedon "The Resurrection." At thenight service a special musical program took the place of the regularservice. The Methodist church heldno special services, but the sermonsby the pastor, Rev. C. H. Greer,were in keeping with the spirit ofthe day.Special Easter services were heldat St. Peter's Episcopal church,where Holy Communion, was administered at 7:30 a. m. The regularservices were held at 10:45, conducted by the rector, Rev. WalterCain.CHRISTIAN CHURCH NOTES.The Ecster services at the ParisChristian church were well attended last Sunday. Rev. Ellis preached a very impressive and convincing sermon on "The Resurrection."There were 35 additions to thechurch during the day. All departments of the Sunday School showeda marked increase in attendance,and at the conclusion of the Sundayservices, an invitation was extendedby Rev. Ellis, at which time thefollowing young people came forward and made their confession:Roy Markland, Harry Baldwin, Jr.,Holt Henry, Garrett SwinTord, Harry Morrison, Edna Earl Burns, Carlisle Swinford, William Brown, Gertrude Ferguson, Bonnie Perkins,Myrtle Ferguson, Frances Clarke,Katherine Borland, Edna Rose, AnnCaywood Talbott, Dudley Deavers,Marie Collins, Ruth Lovell, RubyLovell, Susie Leach, Margaret Hill,Isabelle Talbott, Elizabeth Dillon,Harris Tackett, Elmeta Douglass,Elizabeth Douglass, Gertrude Smelser, Geo. Smith, Louis Mulfinger,Wm. Ardery, Jr., and Hazel Link.At the church, services, Mrs.Chas. Doyle made the confession,also Airs. Wm. Ardery, Miss GladysDoyle and Edward Farris unitedwith the church either by letter orstatement and were received intothe fellowship of the church. Theordinance of baptism was conductedat three o'clock yesterday, afternoon by Rev. Ellis.MRS. ELLIS'fOR THIS WEEKGolden State Peaches iii40d can....'. 35c (HI45c can : . 40c '50c can 45c60c can 55c ::Good Brooms 50cHeinz rork and Beans 1!large size '.-. '. . .20c jjjj- small 5iz9 15c llljLook for the Red Front rjjjGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse. . ::Three deliveries each day.Both phones. , :Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court House t. Pris, Ky, -IISX!"S!ft "1?s i im: o :n" So-nfJifterGasterdeduction SalejVfc3ftV vr?Nice Line of Suits, Coats, Millinery andBlouses at moderate prices.in ourr ?Uv1on displayOrgandiesSIMainMBUMMflMBMmmtrlvrSays the COLUMBIA GRAF0N0LATo the AUTOMATIC REFRIGERATORTHE J.EITHEItPHONE 36Motor Hearse1 -VMain Street, Paris, Ky.WOMEN'S AND MISSES'SILK DRESSES$39.50Piece Goods Departmenta full line of Springand White Goods.0 3ST &Street;, Paris, KentuckyMHpf Machine rfff"Shake! I sure am glad to meet you,for we are both the best in our lines.""Yes," said the Automatic, "we cansay that without egotism, for you havethe only non-set automatic stop andmy water bottle feature is exclusiveto me." 'We extend you a cordial invitationto meet our two favorites.T. HINTOJV CO.' PARIS, KENTUCKY' SIXTH AND MANNMotor Invalid CoachCO.-AVI, '. s. fj- - "v.' - 4vVoiles,CO.Undertaking1, - 4i-, Ai1a'''J',c5wi11C -.11-411!3if,1svVSS'-4r. ,.,,JLnf-b -r ' v.v -V ffTH1 i BOURBON t$Wt?& BAMS; Xjnggg(!X JTOT6D1AT;, AIL', JMI.PEACE BY RESOLUTION.. " St - . . " 'Isr"1, ':-UV"V-"1.1a-ft 'hv-V9rnrajaflaTaTHIShouldersAll BakingCaresWhen CALUMETcomes in, all bakingtroubles take quickleave. You go rightahead and mix up baking materials, for biscuitscokes anything without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.CALUMETBAKING POWDERis the most popular because it docs givemost perfect results. It has the biggest demand because it is the most dcpenddble. The fact that it is the biggest seller proves that it is the best.Atrial will convince you that there isnone "justas good." Buy acan- if youare not satisfied take it back andget your money back.Calumet contains only such ingredients as have been approvedcScially by the U. S. FoodAuthorities.Yea save wien yon buy it.Voa are when you use iLHIGHESTQUALITY .HI "HESTAWARDSBIG CLEVELAND EIREThe Star Theatre, located in theheart of the downtown district atCleveland, Ohio, and the oldest ofCleveland's operating playhouses,is in ruins as the result ofa fire which swept the entire"building. The loss is estimated atfrom $100,000 to $500,000.SPRINGSHOWINGLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Kybrighter;EVENINGS3fer,r3sifiNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.UseOlectricttyfor LightingIt's the only satisfactory' way.2se Sasfor mating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.WASHINGTON, April 5. Peacewith Germany through adoption of ajoint resolution declaring the war atan end was put squarely before Congress Wednesday by Republicans incontrol of the House.Framed by Republican, membersof the Foreign Affairs1 Committeeand backed by party leaders, themeasure was thrown into the hopperwith as little ceremony as if it hadbeen a bridge bill, but instantly theredeveloped a demand for speedy action. A move to jam it through theHouse on Friday took shape, butDemocrats, outspoken in their opposition, finally obtained an agreementto postpone consideration until Monday.While trying to work out a resolution calculated to suit all factions oftheir party, Republican committeemen had arranged to call it up onFriday, remembering that it was onGood Friday three years ago thatwar was declared.The resolution introduced byChairman Porter of the Foreign Affairs Committee provides for "termination of a state of war," as soonas it becomes effective. It providesalso for reciprocal trading whichGermany under certain restrictionsand for repeal of the President's warpowers. Germany would be allowedforty-five days "to notify the President that it has declared terminationof war" and waived all claims againstthe United States "that it would notjhave had the right to assert had theUnited States ratified the treaty ofVersailles 'Upon Germany's failure to sendsuch notification, trading or the making of loans or credits would be prohibited except with the license ofthe President.in M ii 1 l-M 11 1 m Tl 1 ) ill. 1 1-1 " i " I ,.-.." .HjBppgftiii Mm. w.S3jafr- liiilVl!i'lP;BMiwpcgjiaaaaaaaaBaaaMrAjMyjEBwWuBihajafBaaaja twti T ffBBBaUlMatt?y "ivAKMBpTrjpBaBaaaaafaaaaaaaBaiaawawBaayBSjBBL rSSBfdffl " The Daring Teat aSIH5--1K vIL made by uSft8 V Thomas A . Kdisnn.This drawing from actualphotograph takeaat AlbaayNov. 25, 1919.LEGS COME HIGH IN NEW YORKNEW YORK, April 5. The highcost of woman (one) now is as highas $460,000. IThis figure, which is adjusted tothe high cost of living and everything, was set up to-day as the resultof a legal decision placing the valuation of $40,000 on one feminine leg,the property of a pretty girl.The verdict was won in State Supreme Court by Miss Florence D.Rooney, who suffered a permanentfracture of one nether,member in anautomobile accident.The verdict is said to be a record jbreaker. Taken in conjunction withother verdicts the total valuation ofwoman is fixed. Here are a few previous awards:Hair, $20000; nose, $15,000;eyes, $20,000; broken heart, $250,000; arms $85,000 and legs, $80,000.Henry jKoster, retfred merchantwho was "bounced" off a trolley atYonkers, won $200 damages Thursday. He sued for fiive cents forbreach of contract and $1,999.95 for"indignity and humiliation."oCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as theycannot reach the diseased portion ofthe ear. There is only one way tocure catarrhal deafness, and that isby a constitutional remedy. Catarrhal Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you ,have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is. entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts thruthe blood on the mucous surfaces ofthe system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Medicine. Circulars free. All Druggists,75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio.(adv)oThis drawing is from anactual photograph. It shows tthe memorable scene onNovember 25th, in theState Armory at Albany,when Mr. Edison made thetest which was heralded allover the country as markinga new epoch in music. Sixthousand teachers, principalsand officials of New YorkState public schools, satspellbound as they heard MarioLaurenti, world-famed baritone of the MetropolitanOpera Company, sing indirect comparison with theNew Edison's Re-Creationof his magnificent voice.9 Laurenti stood beside the NewEdison. His voice filled the auditorium. The audience surrendered itself to the baritone'sinspired artistry. Suddenly therewas a stir, a perplexed rubbingof eyes. Laurenti' s voice, undiminished in quality aad beauty,continued to reach every coxierof the vast auditorium, but hislips had ceased to move. Thecabinet at his side had takenp the song, and was matchinghis voice so perfectly that tfcehnman ear was not aware thatLaaranti had ceased to sin;.Bysv test,as convincing aritwasdaring, the New Edison provedthat its R-Cbkatso of mask:had attained perfect realism.Come in and hear theHistory-Making Phonograph.Its new art triumphed in a daring test before 6,000 EmpireState Teachers.We are able to issue thisinvitation because we havean instrument exactly likethat used in the dramatictest at Albany. It is a duplicate of the original OfficialLaboratory Model develoJDed by Mr. Edison at acost of three million dollars.We guarantee that thisinstrument will sustain eachand every test made at Albany. Come in and hear itAsk for the Realism TestAlso ask for your copy of thebrochure "Edison and Music" written by one of Mr.Edison's right hand men.2&-NEW EDISON"7fa rhtmertfih with a Sowi"Do you know about our Budget Plan?i iThis is a real thrift idea,without paying spot cashallowance for enjoyment.It helps you purchase your New Edison,and without increasing your monthlyOBERDORFER, THE DRUGGISTMain Street, Paris. Ky.fX"FOUR ECLIPSES IN 1920Here is a little meteorological information for the year 1920 thatmay be of interest. It indicates foureclipses will be seen during the year1920. Two will be of the sun andtwo of the moon. The first will bec total eclipse of the moan on May2: the next will be a partial eclipseof the sun, May 17; the next a totaleclipse of ttie moon, October 21, anahe last a paitial eclipse of the sunon November 10. The informationis from the Government WeatherBureau. 'oaEMEXICO WILL PAY OLD DEBTS.Let Us Fix You2 UpFarJkeUteaf BothElectricity aad Gas.Pari Gas & ElectricNCoaStopsHair Coicins: Out; DoublesIts BeautyWASHINGTON, April 2. An official statement recently authorizedby the Mexican Government containsthe first intimation that recognitionof at least a part of the Huerta obligations is possible. The statementplaces the foreign and domestic debtof Mexico at present at upward of$500,000,000, according to a copythat has just reached the State Department, and is being carefullystudied.Revenues for 1919 are placed at177,399,190.03 pesos; expenditures,173,059,323.06 pesos. Surplus, 4,339,866.97 pesos. The foreign anddomestic debt is given with unpaidinterest at 539,106,731.81 and thegrand total of the government indebtedness at 1,139,371,491.76 pesos,or more than $500,000,000 gold.Of the Huerta obligations thestatement that before recognizingthis indebtedness, which totals $30,000,000" gold with unpaid interest,the Mexican Government must determine exactly what, part of- theamount was devoted to the uses ofthe nation. This was said to be thefirst time that the Carranza government had admitted any resnonsi-ibility in connection with the Huertaloan.f What to do tor 1taMoi II"Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the aicidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souring and1 fermentation which causes themisery-making gases, heartburn,flatulence, fullness or pain instomach and intestines.A few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" bring relief almost as soon asUiey reach the stcmiach. They helpregulate disordered stomachs so favorite foods can be eaten withoutdistress costs so little at drugstores. (adv)oClothes don't make the n.an.Many a whole-souled fellow wearsshoes that leak.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can hot find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)oQueene Isabella lived 500 yearstoo soon. She wouldn't Jiave to hockHOW DIPHTHERIA IS CONTRACTEDOne often hears the expression,"My child caught a severe' coldwhich developed into diphtheria,"when the truth was that the coldhad simply left the little one particularly susceptible to the wanderingdiphtheria germ. If your child hasa cold when diphtheria is prevalentyou should take him out of schooland keep him off the street untilfully recovered, as there is a hundred times more danger of his taking diphtheria when lie has a cold.When Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis given it quickly cures the coldand lessens the danger of diphtheriaor any other germ disease beingcontracted.'(adv)Fortunate are the 'people who canher jewels to-day; she could sellv a-make. light of k their troutflesbrdozen eggs. v, u m merely burning their oiltef; y 'The man who jumps at conclusions isn't always as sure-footed ashe thinks he is.INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris Forans LexingtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. ' 7:20 , A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 p. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 p. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 , P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.; 4&J?yyk fdBKBaBBHvSBSaBaiKKaTaHaTafaTaTaTaTMPiSaHHBBflowc o"simct"That Telephone is Outof Order"The "outside plant" of the telephone exchange is largely. exposed to the weather; even the Lest maintained of modernplants yield to the elements and to accidents at times.Thclead sheath of the aerial cable covering hundreds oftiny copper wires wrapped with papercrystallizes; microscopic cracks or perforations appear; a driving rain penetrates to the paper insulation and fifty or a hundred telephone circuits are "crossed up."Sleet and ice gather on the wires-and drag them down;the unusual weight may snap a pole the telephones onthat "lead" are "dead."Twisted-pair "drop wires" tojthe subscriber's house becomewater-soaked and "crossed;" a tree or limb is blown acrossa line; a runaway truck breaks a pole; lightning or currentfrom a broken power wire "blows" fuses; a down-town firedestroys a distributing poleJust a few samples of the many things that happen; thatprecaution cannot prevent. Is it any wonder that yourtelephoae wgoe dead" occasionally?wAt Your Service"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.J. J. Yea teli.AKENTUCKY TEACTIOH AHD TERltTVAT HAW l -ana- I " rZm ? Hwafan -v. i-iiieo.rporatPttjSaaw ' a3 aS9 -5saaH7VHbbbt aHaSsacCnlaajg. aaaBBjaaaarII M aaaH"- III HHfi .aBaVP 1 1 IaBaaJWBMBBBB!IWBBaBa.... - - . . . . . . . m m m szmXIv-&GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 239Carner Fifth and Pkatant Straats, Paris, Ky.'IlX1rf.rVTZtfTJ. if:l " - ifv1.'V-j1'TUESDAY, APRIL $, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY i - .MOST PEOPLE INTJ. S. TK00PS ON EHESE -NEED OF SPRINGTONIC THIS YEARSickness General and ThousandsAre Sun Down Vola-TonicIdeal Builder.Nearly everybody needs astrengthening, health - buildingspring tonic this year.InSuenza came back in January:nd February and thousands of peo"ple ho had it are weak and rundown as a result. In addition, whatappeared to be a wave of generalfickness passed over the country thelast part of .February and the firstpart of March. Complaints werecomr-.on during that period. Badcold?, la grippe, and other forms ofweakening sickness were reportedeverywhere.A? a result of these things thousrnds of men and women are weakand run down and it is believed thatthe need of a strengthening, healthbuilding spring tonic is more general this year than ever before inhistory.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is already being taken by many people as a spring tonic and is whatcountless other men and womenneed.Vola-Tonic invigorates '"the entirebystem and is a wonderful strengthbuilder. "Vola-Tonic starts its workby bringing a normal, healthy appetite and putting the digestive organs and bowels in good condition.It helps the stomach take strengthening nutrition from food to buildi.p and enrich the blood and to nourish organs and tissues of the body.Vola-Tonic also soothes the nervesand permits sound, energy-restoringMeep every night. As a result, fullnormal strength, and health sooncomes to the weakened, run downman or woman.People who are weak and rundown should take Vola-Tonic thisspring so that they will be strongand well and ready to enjoy summerwhen it comes.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is being especially introduced inParis at Varden & Son's.(apr2-2tVWASHINGTON, April 5. President W lson informed the HouseThursday in response to a resolutionof inquiry that American troops onthe Rhine still were controlled by the4;ernis of the armistice and were subject only to his orders as Commander-in-chiefof the army.. Field Marshall Foch of France, thePresident said, has no jurisdictionoyer the troops nor are they in any!way controlled by the decisions ofthe Allied Rhineland Commission,which makes ordinances and rulesfor the governing of the territory policed by the allied armies of occupation. Major General Allen, commandingthe American troops, the Presidentwrote, has authority to police theterritory under his control, to preserve order and "to repeF any attackwhich may be made upon him.""The American forces in Germany," the President wrote, "are atpresent operating under the terms ofthe original armistice and the subsequent convention prolonging thearmistice."The American forces will, however, undertake no action beyond theocupied regions, nor beyond that instrict accordance with the terms ofthe treaty. Any use of the Americanforces beyond that mentioned abovemust be specifically authorized ineach case by the government of theUnited States."The sense of humor is strongerin same peole than in others, butmighty few of us are strong enough"to l&ugh at our own weakness.HOW IS YOUR COMPLEXION?A woman should grow more beautiful as she grows older and she willwith due regard to baths, diet andexercise, and by keeping her liverand bowels in good working order.If you are haggard and yellow,your eyes losing their lustre andwhites becoming yellowish, yourflesh flabby, it may be due to indigestion or to a sluggish liver.Chamberlain's Tablets correct thesedisorders.(adv)oExport of Cattle.Live cattle were first exported toEngland from America in 1861, but itdid not become a regular business until several years later.ARE YOU HAPPY?To be happy you must be well. Ifyou are frequently troubled withconstipation and indigestion youcannot be altogether happy. TakeChamberlain's Tablets to correctThese disorders. They are promptand effectual, easy and pleasant totake.(adv)oYou never can tell. Even theINCREASE IN LOCAL SCHOOLTAXES 'A BENEFIT.It must give great' satisfaction toevery citizen of the county interested in the welfare of the commonschools to know that the KentuckyLegislature by an act passed, at Itslast session has made it possible toJ increase the local school taxes, andthereby in a measure to give justand proper salaries to the teachersof the county schools.With the increase in salary willcome the demand for higher qualifications of the teacher, and it willnot be too much to expect a HighSchool and Normal School graduatein every school room in the State.Many teachers who have had no normal training will 'be compelled toattend the Spring and Summerterm, and in some instances, bothterms, to continue in the work without losing a school term, to meetthose- requirements. No doubt,many teachers will be glad to availthemselves of this opportunity, anopportunity impossible under theold salary schedule.Under the new regime the- emergency schools will be discontinued,but the pupils will be taken careof in the best possible manner,and ' in many instances betterthan they are at present. Theschool census takers began theirwork recently, and the earnest cooperation of every- patron in thecounty in assisting the trustees tosecure the names and ages of everychild between six and eighteenyears, is urged. The State fundpaid to Bourbon county is determined by the pupils in the schoolcensus. If the trustees should failto see you before April 30, give thename and age of your children toCounty School Superintendent J. B.Caywood.os5" t'H j mar' " "vnson- t!man with liberal viewsways give himself away.doesn't al-minrer?-ijTi'Mws,j!r'fg'r'!&! j & ,-t.iii-AimI The Housewife Longs For1 Electric Labor and Time Savers Like These IuElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, jgg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHEREftT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEWHYIVE s"SPRING FEVER"Why Worry, Fret, and Get NothingBone, Just Because YourBlood Is Sluggish?Your Blood Needs StrengtheningPeople Nowadays Take That Wonderfully Effective Blood Tonic,Pepto-Mangan YourDruggist Has It"wmiA-ifctHr-H!E F-jtftiinriEiReally, isn't it foolish to be handicapped for weeks in the Spring,just because your blood is sluggish?The glorious Spring days! Youought to enjoy them, instead of feeling unhappy and half asleep justtoo tired for anything. You oughtto be finding new vigor for yourwork in the Spring air "pep," enthusiasm, happiness!joiii )uu uan i, ucuauBC juui uiuuuis clogged with poison. For longmonths it has had too little freshair and has fought off many germs.And it now has heat-making properties that are not needed in warmweather.Don't work under a handicap,when it isn't necessary at all. Clearup your sluggish blood. Give it help.Get some of that famous blood purifier and tonic, Pepto-Mangan.Pepto-Mangan is used by physisians everywhere. You can buy it atany drug store in either liquid ortablet form, just as you prefer.There's no difference in medicinalvalue.Make certain that you get thegenuine Pepto-Mangan. Ask for"Gude's Pepto-Mangan," ' and seethat the name "Gude's" is on thepackage.(adv)PROF. MANEY ABDED TO TRANSYLVANIA FACULTYVi v, nVVV3?3lS The Buick Model K5fc4t SmSS?4 'tJWHEN you purchase aBuick Model K 49, youfind that no seven passengercar can possibly give greatervalue better satisfaction,higher efficiency or more refinement of detail.With beautiful body lines with large,comfortable seats and tonneaus, assembled on a chassis equipped with thefamous Buick Valve-in-Head Motor,this m,odel meets every requirementdemanded in a dependable touring carfor use under all conditions.B3WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT BUICK WILL BUILD TEEMTheC. S. BallCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.GarageOTHERS HAVE FOUND THIS TOBE A FACT, TOO. ,A certain man from Bourboncounty journeyed to a town not amillion miles from Paris to buy abill of goods. He made his purchaseswith that inward, sinking feelingthat he was being "gyped." In aday or two the man had occasion tocome to Paris and while here hemade inquiries as to the price ofthe articles he had purchased inthe other town. To his amazementhe found he could have bought thesame articles here in Paris and saved $87.50. You can write your ownmoral to this. It is an actual fact.CHAMBERLAIN'S C0UGHT1REMEDYTOTS UNIVERSAL CARinThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilitymncfmrflnn. the famous heat treatedVanadium steel -with its marvelous strength,and flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work. ,Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.tfflfzjmpmProfessor Charles A. Maney, ofLawrence College, Appleton, Wisconsin, has accepted appointmentin the Department of Physics atTransylvania College, and will begin his work at the opening of thenext session.Professor Maney is a native ofIndianapolis, and had his undergraduate training in the University ofMinnesota. He received his Master'sDegree for the University of Chicagoand has done much work there toward a doctorate in philosophy.After serving as head of the Department of Physics at Alma College, Alma, Mich., Professor Maneyentered the service in the personneldepartment of the army, remaininguntil after the armistice. This yearhe has been acting head of the Department of Physics at LawrenceCollege.Professor Maney has specializedin electrical measurements, theoretical optics, election theory and advanced optics, besides making contributions to astronomy which haveattracted wide attention. He ishighly commended by President H.M. Crooks, of Alma College, andPresident Samuel Plantz, of Lawrence Coll6ge.. oFamous American Patriot.In 1832, on the 14th of November,Charles Carroll, the last surviving'signer of the Declaration of Independence, died at the age of ninety-six.He studied law in France and Englandana returned to America at tne ageof twenty-seven, wnere he soon became known as an able politicalwriter and a strong advocate of lib, erty. Twenty-two years before hisdeath he 'retired to private life.7You , never ;can tell. Lots of people putuira good .front withoutThe great benefit derived from theuse of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyhas been greatly acknowledged bymany. Mrs. Benjamin F. Blakeney,Decatur, 111., writes, "Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is by far the bestmedicine for colds and coughs wehave ever used in our family. Igave it to my children when smallfor croup and have taken it myself."(adv)A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thcost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169iHiigsaaiagtggiisinsa-f-i-iiai-girCTiiiHiUfinilliiinHttt It 111Printing SafeguardsYour MoneyProtect your cash not onlywith bolts and bars and banksbut with businesslike printedforms and records for everytransaction you undertake.We can show you a papermmPaper that betrays erasure 1and prevents fraudulent al- ,teration of your checks, notes, (v drafts and receipts.1For letterheads and generalprinted forms we use andrecommend a standard paperWthat we know will give yousatisfaction.News Job DeparSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRING"PAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistent.with first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Homt Phon 3SSi I H v .Alir 1 L3 r i(till July 1)i . jm.. "iiL mPARIS, KENTUCKYa -f&i :tf-VM.?. Vj , '" J"" -iV ,v rM1111-. JlVtlf.'4r)K 'I L L- -x - -S JIVBiflBHHHSfllHHHiiBmuca backing..'M2 - U",tX --'jtJe 'W-? .bii C. .', "iv-," &&vSti.4 345'3.- - &. IS"s H.oV.&'-AK -w v;f' i V -.4,rr -..w-f. - 'j'r.-J-,4V.v. .. - j f .! jv,-'V'tscr -,V4sf' v. Tr .a.-rssit1s1-PMrnxtcmTHE BOURBON I rNEWS, .PARIS;; jKEN!TUYv!tf -.. rsJK?,'uyMILLERSBURG-Miss Marguerite Redmon is im-jrfvin nicely.7 Regular meeting of. AmityIktfge No. 4Q, F. and A. M., tonight. , I Dr. C. B. Smith, at Massie Me' serial Hospital; Paris, and Mr. E.M; Ingels are improving.Juian T. Adair and AllenIngels1, of Ashland, are spending alew days with friends and relatives. in -this city.t -Little Miss Mary Alice Courtney spent the Easter holidays withher graridparents, Mr. and Mrs.Bayles DeBell, at Ewing.- Rev. Guerrant, of ElizavilloPresbyterian church, will conductthe services here next Sunday morning, for Rev. W. W. Morton.Cadet Oren Lancaster, who is astudent at the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute, spent the Easter holidays in Georgetown, with his father, Judge J. R. Lancaster.Misses Ruth. Spencely andBruce Baughman, of Sayre College,spent the Easter holidays in thisthis city as guests of Miss Catherine'Carr, at the Millersburg College.Mr. O. L. Parks returned Thursday after a weed's visit to his sister, at Kar.sas City, Mo., accompanied by his nephew. Mr. Potts is nowconfined to his home with illness.The annual banquet of thePresbyterian church will be heldThimday evening, April 15, at thechurch, at which time Judge Thos.E Theobolt, of Grayson, will deliveran address.Mr. E. M. Thomason has sold Iihhome to Mr. J. O. Ralls for ? 6,0 00,Mr. and Mrs. Ralls having moved toa part of it from the home of Mrs.Mary J. Whaley. Mr. and Mrs.Tbomason will occupy a part of ituntil .they can secure another home.The cantata given at the .fres-bvterian church by the c ombinedschools of the' Presbyterian andMethodist churches and the pupilsof, the Millersburg College, the olderfolks vieing with ' the younger onesin seeing which could get the mostenjoyment out of the affair. Severalothers entertained with Easter parties," all largely attended and allgreatly enjoyed. ',0SEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's. YelIoh Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.fl6mar-tf); odeaths:CAMERON.John Cameron, aged seventysix, a promenent farmer of Ruddles Mills, Saturday morning, aftera long illness due to Bright's disease. He is survived by his widowand five children. The funeral washeld yesterday morning at ten,o'clock, with services conducted' atthe grave in the Ruddles Mills Cemetery by Rev. Adams, pastor of theMillerburg Methodist church..LOGAN.The funeral of John A. Logan,aged eighty, ell-known and popular former revenue man, a native ofBourbon county, who died at hishome in Lexington, was held Satur-,day morning at ten o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. I. J.Spencer, pastor of the Central Christian church, in Lexington. The burial followed op the family lot in theLexington Cemetery. The pall-choirs of all the "churches Sunday ( hearers were A. W. Johnson, Clydeevening, was good and well attend- -ruweu, xviuiutiu unm, "cd, it being "Mary of Bethany," and Smith, Frank Browning and Bruce-was splendidly adapted for the Eas- j Reynolds.te holidays r LSan was a storekeeper andMiss Linnie B. Easlev, who is ' suager in the revenue service inattending Millersburg College, spent j this district for over twenty years,the Eester holidays with her par-! serving the entire period in,the Seventy Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Easley, in enth District. He was a member ofteorgetown. She was accompanied the Association of Revenue Men."bv her schoolmate, Miss Frances jLand, of Pine Bluff, Arkansas. ROBERTSThe cantata rendered at the .',,,.. ir- Presbyterian church Sunday! Wm. H. Roberts, aged eighty,. v ming was witnessed by one of the ''at one time a resident of Parisirest crowds that has ever gath- j ed last week in the Odd Fellowsred under the roof of that struct-J Home, at Shelby ville, where he hadnre. The church was filled to over- j been several months. Mr. Robertsflowing, many being turned away had been in declining health for"because of inability to get in. I iiie time, his death being due toThe Community protracted . the infirmities of age. During hismeeting, which is in progress at the I residence in Paris, Mr. Roberts wasMethodist church, will continue ('proprietor of the Fordham Hotel,through the week. Services every i which he conducted successfully forafternoon at 2:30 by Rev. W. W. several years. He was a man ofMorton, of Presbyterian church, and- gonial disposition, ana made manyat 7-30 in evening by Rev. Adams, ' friends here who sincerely regret ,hisof Methodist church. The song ser- Qath. His wife died in Lexingtonvices are conducted by Elder Slater, ' i 1919- Mr. Roberts is survivedC'the Christian church. The meet- by one daughter Miss Nannie Robing is growing' in interest every jerts, formerly of Pans and Lexingday, and the crowds are larger. ton, who is now in a Government. Easter was celebrated here by Position in Washington, D. C.many happy gatherings. Egg .The body was sent to Cynthiana,'hunts were given by the Sunday his old home, where the funeral wasTHE LAMO AND; PARIS GRAND tAZ-.TODAY,Thos. H. Ince PresentsCHARLES RAYin "Crooked Straight"also ''RUTH ROLAND ;i The Adventure of Ruth"and Prizma Color Picture-"Venus Gowns"Tomorrow, WednesdayENID BENNETTINIf"What Every Woman LearnsA picture thai throws' great light onthe problem of love and marriage Vital,honest, amazingly realistic.AlsoComedy,"A Much Needed Rest"and Burton Holmes Travtl Picture.Thursday, April 8thGarl Laemmle Offers the Most EnthrallingPhoto Drama Ever 'ProducedStroheim's Wonder play'BLIND HUSBANDS"See it without failthe picture you willnever forget. vAlso Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Pathe ReviewGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and- Evening1Iamo AfternoonTHURSDAY, APRIL 8Grand at NightCarl Laemmle Offers the Most Enthralling Photo Drama that the ArtHas Ever Producedajjn. E. PR LI ITTFuneral Director and EmbalmerMOTOR SERVICEMiilersburg, . - KentuckyPhones Cumberland 86, Home 110; Day and Night.IStroheim's WonderplayDirected By Stroheim HimselfBLIND HUSBANDSA love story as appealing as any romance in your memory an adventure pictureas gripping as any serial thriller a scenic marvel as inspiring as any travel picture you-r have ever known.ry Whose people are real flesh-and-blood whose faithful details are an eye-and- ' .mind delight whose story holds your heart a helpless prisoner till the last tremendous .moment comes and a glorious surprise sends you away in a glow of happiness.Staged amidst enthralling Alpine scenery, this drama of two men and a neglected " -wife rises to heights ef emotion as towering as the mighty peaks which are silent witnesses of the great disaster and surprise' at the end.See it ' without fail; "Blind Husbands' the. picture you'll never forget !NO ADVANCE IN PRICESAdults 27c plus 3c War Tax 36cChildren and Gallery18c plus 2c War Tax 20cGREGG'S ORCHESTRAheld Friday morning, followed byburial on the family lot in BattleGrove Cemetery.BOONE.We Are Doing the Best WeCan to Help Reduce the H. C. LMrs. Lou Boone, aged sevbntyfive, widow of James. Boone, a,well-known farmer of this county,died recently at the 'home of herdaughter, Mrs. Claude W. Sandstrom, in Moline, 111., where She hadbeen making her home for severalvpars nast. Mrs. Boone had been aninvalid for some time? her death be-,Jing due to the infirmities of-age.Mrs. Boone was formerly- Miss' LouPorter, her parents being the lateJoseph and Susan Porter, pioneerresidents of this city. Her father,Joseph Porter, was jailer of Bourbon county during the war. He wasa promenent merchant in his. time,and conducted a 3mt-making sj.ore inthe room on Main street, in apart of what was then known asHall's Fdlly, later occupied by thegrocery store of Jos. Stephens..The body -will be brought to Paris,arriving here on the late train tonight, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.Sandstrom, aid will be taken to theundertaking establishment of Geo.W. Davis. The funeral will be heldsat ten o'clock to-morrow morning,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.' The" pall-bearers willTje Robert S. Porter, William Rem-lllgtOn, Jli. D- JUnUiiiy aiiu v-.. xj. ,Tvlitchell.SPRUNG FOOTWEAR SALEJ5IGH SCHOOL NOTESwasTo help you we are selling Ivlen's Suite,Halts, Shoes and Furnishings at the verylowest possible prices. ,i . V '.You are cordially invited to inspectour merchandise, whether wishing tof buy or not. N"SAVE THE DIFFERENCEaTWIN BROS: CLOTHING AHO SHOE DEPT.OLLSTEIN, Pr.,rltrAn enjoyable Easter partyJl sriven Friday afternoon in the gyml Jiasium of the High School by MissSl T7I11 T 1 i -n ? i -n r nf T.OVITIPffntl. RIITlfir-S illUJll XJlU-llVliUfc,, Ul j-lvyvo-"Fisor of lanaergarten worn in luschool. " A large number of visitorswere present with the children. NMiss Blanding was. assisted by MissEnnis, physical -director for girls inths City Schools. !The kindergarten work is provingunusually attractive. Arrangementsare being made to begin work inthis depaitment next September,when facilities for accommodating yfifty children will be 'made.A special program to be observedon next Saturday, April 10, at themeetings of .the Bourbon CountTeachers' Federation is veing prepared under the direction of Prof.Lee. Kirkpa trick, Superintendent ofthe Paris.City Schools, and president of the Federation. The meeting: is scheduled to be held at teno'clock in the County Court Room.Prof. IChas. H. Lewis, of . BereaCollege, nresident of the State Fe'aenvtio, will address the teacherson "Tl?e New Program in .Kentuckyschool?." President J. T. Coatcs, ofihfi .F&Rtsrn Kentucky State NormalJ School Richmond, is expected to behre ihat dayJina announce piu.uafn?e2ftension work ir the,, countyschoof:. Even teacher, in thecount is invited ana reqwjaieu,t Never before have we been able to offer suchbeautiful styles, so varied assortments, at prices so farbelow, their regular values.Come and see the new, snappy Spring Novelties in7 all popular. leathers and colors..It pays to buy at our economy store. Our method'of mei chandising cuts your shoe bills down.fe&&Spring Specials in New Pumps and Oxfordsat Economy Pripes-Ladies' smart tan and black Lace Oxfords,English lasts, also new Pumps in kid andpatent, $7.50 values,' Special at $4.99"Ladies' $6,50 Pumps and Oxfords, in finegiazea Kia leatner,Special at $4.49Ladies, see these beautiful "Spring Pumpsand Oxfords in tan and black leather, $8.50values, ' , fSpecial at $5.99 -Ladies' $5.00 Lace Oxfords and Pumps,Special at $3.49Ladies' $6.00 values in Pumps and Oxfordshigh and low heels,Special at $3.99Ladies' Custom Made high quality In all thenewest Pumps and Oxfords, $10. 0Q values,Special at $6.95Boys' and ' Girls' Spring Footwear GreatestValues in TownMisses' New'Lace Oxfords and Strap Slip-1 Children's $2.00 Slipperspers, $4.00 grades, , ". . -special at $1.39Sizes 11 1-2 to 2 at.Sizes 8 1-2 toll at.$2.99$2.49Children's $3.00 Hand -Turn Slippers, sizes5 to 8, j, ,Specials $1.99Boys' High Grade Dress Shoes. $6.00 values;. Special at $3.99Boys' $5.00 Dress Shoes,Special at $3.49Men's Spring Style , Shoes inEnglish and Wide Toe Lasts,$8.00 values,Special at $5.99Men's "fan and Black LaceOxfords, $7.50 values,Special at $4.99Men's $55d English, andBroadyToe styles in Oxfords,Special at $3.99DANUtf P r B B M 1. B PIoutitwPafis; 6rcstSh6C Stor; .; Whcre'B2fctyjul EconnRciii.t .i jx . --Xs&Tt-jurmViV 4rV