fv?'!"--. ?, " -" ' V TfcV" 1 " . M ,VT .t" . .j-r' v -"-. . - - ivTHENEWS' .Ur-fffPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 27, 1920- -.Nfc-BOURBON"FATHER AUD SON" PROGRAMAND BANQUET.The churches of Paris are uniting jin the Father and Son nroerram and Iwill put on a banquet at the Y. M. on t-ne premises, tne jounce & urentC. A. on Thursday evening. March11. The purpose of the program isto develop a closer relationship be-PTJBIIC SALES.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney makesthe following: reDort of the nublicsale which he conducted yesterdayfarm, on the Jackstown pike, .nearParis, for Redmon & McDuffeyHorses sold for $75 to $110; cows,t.ween fathers and sons and to lead $100 to S140 ner head: brood sows.both into a closer relationship with ! per head; chickens, $1.30 tothe church. j $1.60 each; loose hay, $34.50 a ton;The general committee having j farming implements sold at satisfacthe program in charge is composed jtioy prices.of the following: H. A. Power, At the public sale of stock, crop,Chairman; Rev. C. H. Greer, M. 'etc., jriiade Tuesday on the prejmises,Peale Collier. Rev. T. S. Smylie.John Woodford, E. T. Burris, HarryBaldwin, J. T. Tucker, J. W. Payne.Rev. Smylie is chairman of the Program Committee, and Mr. HarryBaldwin of the Banquet Committee.All fathers with a teen age boy andany one who will "adopt" a teen agebov for the occasion are eligible tonear Hutchison, by Auctioneer M. F.Kenney" for Evan Mason, good priceswere realized all around. There wasa good attendance, wltti biddingspirited. Horses sold for $75 toS150 per head; mule's, $290 to $500per pair; cows, $60 to $100 a head;brood sows, $25 to $40 a head; tobacco sticks, $18 per thousand;buy banquet tickets. More, than 200 farming implements brought goodattended the "Fattier and Son Banquet" two years ago, and even alarger crowd is expected this year.Tickets 'may be secured at the Y. M.C. A. building.Y. M. C. A ISSUES NEW APPLICATION BLANKS.The Y. M. C. membership committee has issued a new applicationblank for membership in the organization. It provides for putting intooperation the new membership basisrecently adopted by the Board of DiTricesAuctioneer M. F. Kenney makebthe following report of the sale oflivestock, farm implements, etc., belonging to Mclntyre & Brooks, conducted by him on the prffciises, nearEscondida, Tuesday: Horses, $75 to$195 each; cows, $80 to $140;yearling steers, $88.50 a head; longyearling steers, $65 a head; mules,$65 to $215 a head; corn in crib.$9.25 per barrel; 12,000 tobaccosticks, $17 per thousand; farmingimplements brought good prices.Auctioneer George D. Speakesrectors. I conducted tne puonc saie uu mOne who signs up, declaring him-! j remises, Tuesday, near uuicnisou,REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSJohn Eads sold at private saleTuesday to H. L. and J. B. Grinnell,Jus house and about one acre ofground, located on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris, for . a privateprice.sC. A. Ellis sold privately Mondayto R. B. Smart, his cottage on Parrish Avenue, for $3,500. On thefcame day John Peter Cain sold toGrant Overby his cottage on Higgins avenue for $3,600.The Bishop & Flora real estateagency, as agents for Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Shearer, sold their cottage,located on North Clifton street, inthis city, to James W. Estes, of nearShawhan, for $3,000 cash. Mr.Eades will get possession of thehome next Monday, at which tij-nehe will move to Paris to reside.WOMAN BEES ON TRAIN ENROUTE TOASYLUM.-Havine: been adlndeer! insa-np. inMaysville, where he was discoveredlecehtly with her children afterhaving spent three weeks .withoutfood, Mrs. Florence Burton died onthe train between Paris and Lexington, Tuesday afternoon as shewas being taken to the EasternKentucky Hospital for the Insane,at Lexington. ,The woman's plight was discovered after the train had passedHutchison. There was no way ofgiving her relief and she was deadbefore the train reached Lexington.The body was buried in the EasternState Hospital cemetery.Following the discovery of theplight of Mrs. Burton and her children, Charles Burton, father and jhusband, was arrested by the officialsat Maysville. Arrangements werealso made to send the children tothe Children's Home, at Louisville.oself in accord with the purposes ofthe organization and agreeing toassist in the work, may become amember. Members then may makesuch voluntary gifts toward the suppoit of the work, and may purchaseat a definitely advertised price suchprivileges as they desire, such asloom, meals, gymnasium, bath, etc.The plan is new but seclns welladapted to the needs of the BourbonCounty Association.The Secretaries are engaged nowin signing up those who use theprivileges at the building in Paris.At a later date the membershipcommittee is planning to put on abig membership drive with onethousand as the goal.i 1,800 BOGS LICENSED.According to figures given out byCounty Clerk Pearce Paton over i,800 dog licenses have been issued toowners of caninies in Bourbon Jcounty. The law has Teen gener- ;ally complied with in this county, jnf thfi livestock, crop, farming l'.nplements and household effects ofLloyd Ashurst. The sale was a bigsuccess, and the attendance large,notwithstanding the inclementweather. Cows sold from $100 to$140 a head; one heifer, $45; sheep$11 to $15 a head; brood sows, $40to $50 a head; sows and pigs, $35to $75 a head; shoats, $12 to $16 ahead; mules in pairs, $160 to $751per pair; 200 barrels corn in crib,$8 80 to $9.25 a barrel; baled straw,Sll to $14 a ton;' ground barley,$1.75 a bushel; household effectsand farpn implements sold well.o-i LET'S FINISH THI5 WfcfcK.Only about $4,000 yet to beraised In the hospital campaign.Make your subscription liberaland let's finish up.James Shanks, who recently soldhis home in East "Paris, has purchased a farm of sixty-four acres,located near Marion, Indiana, forwhich he paid $250 an acre. Mr.Shanks will jmove to the propertyabout March 1 to reside. His oroiner recently bought a home in Malion, and will move there to reside.Ruessell Boardman sold at publicsale Monday, through the Harris &Speakes real estate agency, of Paris,his farm of 8iy2 acres, located onthe Oldson pike, near North Middletown, to Charles Boardman, for$243.50 an acre. The same firmsold at public auction Monday afternoon the E. D. Ross home, located at the corner of Brent and Nineteenth streets, to George Hammonds, for $3,275.BIRTHS.For SaleBriscoe roadster; has-In Chicago. to the wife of Louisniantr-i Wsrivwfnfi. formerly Miss ElsieThe Paris Realty Co. sold privately Tuesday for Mrs. Anna BelleWallace one-half of the doublebrick house on Twelfth street, toMrs. O. H. Buck, at a private price.The same company sold on the sameday two cottages located on Cypressstreet, the property of Dr. F. P.Campbell, to W. C. Burden, for $7,500, and a five-room cottage locateden South Main street, belonging toGeorge Wagoner, to Thojmas pratnerfor $2,400.B R. Dickerson & Son have leasedof the heirs' of the late John T. Hinton, through Wai. O. Hinton, theproperty on Main street, occupiedby Thos. G. Morris as a livery stable for a term of years. Extensiveimprovements will be made in theliiAinrr wiori pvtends through toPleasant street. When completed the house.SCHOOL PROPERTY AT AUCTION.For sale at public auction at thecourt house door in Paris, Ky.,-Saturday,February 2S, at 1:30 p. m.,4 colored school buildings situatedas follows: ' Amentsville schoolbuilding, near Hutchison, box building 20x30, lot .30x50, Claysvilleschool in Claysville, practicallynew, 30x30, lot 80x150, building hasdomestic science, room, cloak roomand porch; Ruckerville school building, located in Ruckerville, hastwo school rooms, each 24x24, on lot60x150. two cloak rooms, porch andsuitable to convert into a home; theother building for sale is about halfwav be'twec-n Paris and Clintonville,just at the rear of the new schoolbuilding. at Sidville. Claysville andRuckerville being in the edge ofParis were consolidated last yearwith the Paris city school and areno longer needed by the county.Terms make known an day of sale.By order of the Bourbon CountyBoard of Education. (adv)WE RECOMMEND AN EARLY SELECTION. Cloth's are going to be scarceagain this spring, so it behoovesyou to make your selection now inimr custom-tailoring department.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oFOR QUICK SALES, SUREENOUGH BARGAINSWe have 5 acres of good land wellimproved, on good pike in 1 milesofr the court house of Paris.Also 63 acres of land, on goodpike, about 5 miles frofiT Paris, allin Bine Grass, with a 4-room tenantREPUBLICANS TO N HOLD MASSNC0NVE1 NSRepublican mass conventions willbe held in the 120 counties in Kentuck, except the county, of Jefferson,tomorrow, Saturday, February 28,when delegates will be elected to attend the State Convention in Louisville, Wednesday, JVIarch 3, and alsoto attend the several district conventions to be held in the elevendistricst, not including the Fifthdistrict, Tuesday, March 2.Coming of the State conventionto Louisville will bring to the cityapproximately 3,000 delegates,alternates and visitors from all overihe State. The convention will becalled to order at 2 o'clock in theafternoon of Wednesday, March 3,bv Ed. T. Franks. Owensboro.Chairman of the State Central Committee. Alvis S. Bennett, Secretaryof the committee, will read the callfor the convention, after which theconvention will organize by electinga temporary chairman and temporary secretary.A (meeting of delegates from theeleven districts will be held prior tothe opening of the convention, whennames of persons will be selected to serve as membersnf the nnmrmttpo rvn rpcsnliitinnR.Ipnmmittpp nn orfiar ti nld nilpci nnHorder of business, and committee onpermanent organization.The chairman will name the fourcommittees, and there will bejspeeches by some of the leaders, after which the convention will ad-jjourn to give the comhiittees timeto prepare their report. The reportswill be ready for the night session,the Committee on Credentials reportinc, first, and the others, withthe Resolutions Committee makingits report last.oONLY TWO MORE DAYS.Tomorrow is the last day totake advantage off the 25discount being offered by us oneverything in our store. Todayand tomorrow last chances.Save one-fourth by buying before It Is too late.' E.M.WHEELER,Robneel Building.. TOBACCO MAESETSTobacco at the sales held Tuesdaybrought good prices, some of thofferings going as high as $1-01 perpound. The blocked sale from thprevious days held at the Bourbomhouse disnosed of a. total nf 27R Atftj pounds of tobacco, which brought a-money consideration of 85,511.82,a floor average of $30.93. The lowgrades of tobacco were again in eridence, which helped to reduce theaverages for the day.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousecounty sold yesterday 196,285pounds of tobacco, prices rangingfrom $2 to $98.. The feature saleof the day was the crop of 'Grimes& Johnson, of 8,910 pounds, whichsold for $7,986.45, which sold for ah,average of $89.63. For the firsttime since the market opened theblock was sold off. There will beno sales to-day, but will be heldMonday as usual.Tobacco on the Paris market Wednesday sold up to $1.01, accordingto the report of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., whose sale was acontinuation of the block sale of thprevious day. A total of 276,460nourids of tobacco went over thebreaks for a imoney value of $85,511.82, a floor average of $30.S3.The offerings of the day's sale weremostly of the low grades, which waareflected in the low averages. Saleswere blocked at the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Cos No. 1house, and the averages had notbeen figured at a late hour. Receiptskept up to the average, many wagons and trucks being sidetrackedon the downtown streets, owing ttheir inability to get in the housein time. xSTATUTORY OFEENSE ALLEGED.MAYSVILLE VISITOR SHOCKEDlight and starter; demountable Boardman, of Fans, a aaubnuu,rais: good tires. Can be seen at christened Josephine Louise Eariythe C. S. Ball Garage, or call either wine. Mr. and Mrs. Bearlywine are"William Crombie or Ireland Davis, proudly acknowledging congratuia-(lt) ions from their many friends.FRANK&CQ..LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGproperty will be occupied by Dicker., pj Onn' no n p-arnjrfi and auto re-pair station. Mr. Morris, on his re.,,. fr-nm Mptst Orleans, where heand Mrs. Morris was spending the Pariswinter, will engage in tarmmgAnd 100 acres well-itnprovealand, 2 miles from Paris.And 50 acres with a 4-room tenant hnuse and barn. 2 miles fromFRESH FISH TO-DAY.Fresh caught fish for todayand tomorrow-. We dress anddeliver them to your home freeof charge. mmMARGOLEN'SSANITARY MEAT MARKETPolo Coats . , 'SuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack Tar. TogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaistsPlain and Fancy Skirts ;HARRIS & SPEAKES.Cumb. Phone 450.Hqme Phone 394,George Henry Thomas, ex-servicem&i, and married, was given a hearing before Judge Batterton, in theCounty Court, Wednesday, chargenwith a. statutory offense. The warrant for his arrest, sworn out byCarrie Lee Jackson, was served bynoYMitir Cjfiariff TnimPR Gibson. HisJ. D. McCall. of Charleston Bot- oi wn rp for next Tuesday morn-tom, near Maysville, will rttnepiber , jg at ten o'clock. In default ofhis first visit to Paris for some time Ibatl he was remanded to the custodyto come. Mr. McCall was in Paris, Clf jailer Taul.Tuesday afternoon attending the tobacco yles. After the sales were j. oover, and having-some spare time, "he visited a Main street pool room. NEWIn passing through the room he ac-cidentally came in contact with a j t1 9live wire, was knocked down and i New Orleans Molasses at $1.Jhis right anm badly bruised. A phy- per srallon. while they nsf. Can tsician who happened to be in the be bought at that price wholesale,room at the time, administered first- Better buy to-day as they will goaid-to-the-injured, enabling Mr. Mc- fatt.Call to proceed home by auto. C-P. COOK & CO.ORLEANS MOLASSES BELOW COST.(it)KRYL ORCHESTRA IN CONCERTTO-NIGHT.TT,irt at s i k. n'p.lock. at theauditorium of the Paris High School-r o mrkct nntpd musical orga-1 nizations in the county, the BohumirKryl Orchestra, under t)ie personaldirection of the great leader himfcelf, will appear in a concert pro."ratai of unusual jmusical excellence.The concert is to be given for thebenefit of the Paris! High School,for the purpose of adding to thefund being raised for the purpose ofpurchasing two Victrolas and 250!,, vonnrflR for the school. Thisshould insure a large attendance tonight when Kryl raises his baton oni" v.nio- rmmhfir of the urogram.This orchestra has become a notedfeature in the Redpath LyceumCourse all over the country.The admission has been placed a.the small price of fifty cents for theprivilege to listening to a musicalprogram that will delight and pleasethe most critical in (matters musical:o-MARCH COURT DAY.Next Monday, March 1, will beCounty Court Day. It is also movinir day" ior tenants and for prop--ortv-owners "who have disposed oltheir nomes aiiu luima .ers, mak'ng it a checkerboard gamefor all concerned. It is expectedI mat a large crowd J .I city as the tobacco market and stockJales have a good prospect of bringr' intr them in. v .. n! THE NEWS asks that subscribers,vho will unove from one rural routeto another, or to other counties willkindly acquaint-us at once withtheir -new address, in order that wemay keep our mailing hst straight-' j .Tii a very importantmatter, both to THE NEWS -J toa -. nninfltiii Jinn lijc ..--SENATE KILLS THE ANTI-BET-TINGBILL.The Senate killed the anti-pari-mutualbetting bill" Wednesdaymorning by a vote of 21 to 14, afterc heated debate. The Comfmittee onAgriculture and State Fair, beforewhich a hearing on the bill was conducted Tuesday night, reported theiini fn.vorfl.blv bv a vote of 4 to 3.The vote of Senator Watts, who wascounted as unfavorable to the bill upto Tuesdav night, gave those iavorable to it a committee majority of oneThe bill was killed on a motion tosubstitute the minority report, whichwas adopted. The only Senatorfrom a Bluegrass 'strict puttingv.imcaie rm rflpnrd jus ounosed to pari-umtuals was Senator Hon, of Win- )Chester.ATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstnrics of SWIFT'S BLOODAND BONE f ERTIUZER havejust arrived. This containsfIVE PER CENT POTASH,i which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war. ;Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your palch beforeit is all gone.2CH AS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)oPARIS BOY IN CANAL ZONE POSITION.WE KNOW MOWFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS 'Floyd Cai'michael, of. Paris, whoenlisted in the United States. armyon August 25, 1919, and was at-c;o-r.im tho n a.- C. service atHie pOSlOIUei; " ... ie,nvvi - -" - -- --Please attend to this and save us the Panama has been promoted, Car-trouble of ntiving to ramma you ai-v-micnael nas Deen asigneu iu t p-jk lmvinir tne Dosiom j 5 t nn nf instructor in me vw,-11 - . i.V w -. --troubleerai tinier, v ..----. - .,officials ren.ind us or it y ieim-,papers to us.-A HEAL SPECIAL..Oklahoma Pecans in the- shell at-5 cents per pounds while they .last.Better set in on this special. -(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.rinn.nl training school at Fort Araa-cior, Canal 2one. He has charge ofthe motorcycle and tractor department, where several', hundred menare being Wined as mechanics aswell as in the aft of soldiery.-7-nNowadays fojks -won't a ear anything cheap unless it costs an'exor-Present-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced,Ready-to-wear clothes in general did .not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think. And themore thought they give to' the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-Bloch SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices. .EVERYTHINGYour CustomJTailor Can Give Youand Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. The materials are of the veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standards 'for America's real red-blooded men.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE;.--it;.3'Jsiit,I"';i1rmmy?0 SZ t"'.-' '--"4' r V-rTVui tan i ynvcIs - 'r'w ,rPA6E TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1920.r 'M'Is1"11 -S-tvm v. v5 v.Sri-i- It,FOR SALEBusiness house in Paris, Ky., inaiiie best location on Ztfain street, between Sixth and Seventh streets.Bfcs been used for -the past twenty3f3Bars as shoe and general (merchandise store. Has five rooms on secd floor. Also fixtures, counters,ic. Inquire ofH. SCHANKER,(27-3 1) Erlanger, Ky.PUBLIC SALEOFfarm Tools and HouseholdFurniture- 'Having moved to town, I will sellat public outcry, at the M. A. Kensey place. Stop 47, near Paris "on"7 tOT r4-x "i lr A rt yLexington pike, andon Lexingtonluterurbai, beginninat 10 o'clock,9RFriday, March 5, 1920,fce following articles:HOUSEHOLD GOODS- 1 Oak Roller Top Desk, good asaew;2 Folding Bed, large Mirror;1 Walnut Hat Rack;, 1 White Enameled Bed Springjsd Mattress;2 Antique Dressers;1 Wash Stand;2 Refrigerator, good one;1 Wash Stand;2 Divan;Some Dishes; .A lot of Black Minorca Chickens;. 1 Large Radiant Home Stove:2 Small Heating Stoves;Some Chairs, 1 Refrigerator.STOCK.1 3 -year-old Percheron Colt;2-year-old Percheron Colt.,Jersey Steers, 1 and 2 years old;1-year-old Jersey Bull;Yearling Jersey Heifers;2-year-old Jersey Heifers;2 Brood Sows, will farrow byHarch 1, 1920.1 Sow and five pigs, 4 weeks old.FARM TOOLS'I Wheat Drill:1 Deering Binder;1 Feed Sled:' 1 Disc Clover and Alfalfa Drill,k sood one;I Top Buggy;1 Set Carriage Harness;1 Grindstone;1 Cutting Box;1 Pair of Wagon Shafts;1 'Delaval Creanl Separator;1 Gas Engine, 2-horse-power.C. A. WEBBER,EO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.feb24-4t)PUBLIC SALE, tV-14-PURE JERSEY C0WS--14On March 1st, 1920Court day) at Caywood & McClintock's barn on SouthStreet, at 1 o'clock p. m. TheseSOLD without reserve or by-bid,James and$. D. Speakes, AuctioneerPUBLIC SALEOFFINE MULES!We will sell at public auction, at Caywood & McClintock'saiule barns, on South Main Street, Paris, Ky., onMonday, March 1, 1920(County Court day) the following 40 head of extra good 2-yearold mules:36 Mare Mules and 4 HorseMulesAll are fat and well matedAbo at the same time, a few extra good 3-year-old mules;and one pair 4-year-old mules, well broke and good. The ,twoand three-year olds are not broken.Sale positive at at two o'clockTurneyD. Speakes, AuctioneerFor Sale.A Pianola Piano, in fine condition,88-note, with a good selection ofmusic rolls. Call CumberlandPhone 999. (24-4t)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes, repaired. Retreading. AjaSKhd Diamond Tires.H. J.'GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.S. R. HUDNALL.Office No. 6 Bank Bow.(23dec-tf)Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give jme a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in. -Also make tuning and repairing asnecialtvJ. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 91 SMain Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberiand Phone 578.(13jany-tf)Public Sale-OF-Household and Kitchen Furniture. As administrator of Mrs. PearlMann Taylor, deceased, I will sellat public auction, on the premises,609 Ferguson Street, onFriday, February' 27, 1920,at two o'clock, p. m., all the household and kitchen furniture of Mrs.Pearl Mann Taylor, comprising avariety of household goods too numerous to mention hero. A rarechance to obtain some good bargains. FLETCHER MANN,Administrator Mrs. Pearl MannTaylor.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(feb20-3t)OFMaincows will most positivelyrain or shine.BEA. M. PefferParis, Kentuckyp. m.'2T'Bros,PARIS, KENTUCKYIINVESTMENTPAYS INTERESTOF 100 PERCENTMan Claims Relief Gained ThroughTrutona TreatmentWorth $100OWENSBORO, KY.f February 26."Ionly spent $1 for my first bottle of Trutona, but I wouldn't take$100 for the relief, that gave jme."This is the statement of Mr. W. H.Hornbaker, 58 years old, of 1120Breckinridge street. Mr. Hornbakeris assistant yard foreman in the Murphy Chair Co., and during his 30years' residence in this city nas Decome very well known."A catarrhal affection of the headand bronchial tubes caused memuch trouble," he said. "I wasbothered with constipation and mykidneys were out of older. My bowels did not cct for two or three daysat a time. I was constantly annoyed with the dripping of mucusfrom jmy mouth. Often I becomechoked up and would cough until Ivomited."Well sir, Trutona has certainlyimproved my catarrhal condition.The mucus has become loosened andI can spit it out without sufferingthe terrible coughing spells. Mykidneys are in better shape, too.Why, I can walk all the way homewithout my back hurting me. Thereare 200 men in -our factory and Iam daily recommending Trutona tosome of them who need relief."Trutona is now being introducedand explained :n Pans at Yard en &Son's Drug Store. (adv). oDid She Mean Just That?"I want you to forget that I toldyou I didn't mean what I said aboutnot taking back my refusal to changemy mind. I've been thinking it over,and I've decided that I was wrong inthe first place." The Man "You don'treally mean that, do you, Dolly?"London Mail.For Sale.Attractive bungalow in idealneighborhood, on shady side ofstreet. Has large living room, bedroom, diningroopn, hall, kitchen andbath. Also large front and backporches, gas and electricity. Can beseen by appointment. Call eitherphone 262. (24-2t)WANTEDA live wire to handle Uie best'selling truck in America $700.00less than other worm-drive trucks.Liberal discount. Addressj. r. Filler,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Give territory desired.(24-7t)For Sale Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boai, weight275 to 3Q0 pounds a good one.JOHN J. REDMON,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Phone, Cumberland 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price$975.STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.FOR RENTDesk room, with use of two telephones, light and heat for desirableparty, at our place of business onMain street. Well located and verydesirable. .LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.JUSTLISTED!78 1-2 acres, 2 1-12 miles fromParis. Good home.12-acre tobacco barn.Tobacco sticks go.Best buy in thefew days only.county, for aPARIS REALTY CO.C. P. Mann. H. S. Redmon512 Main StreetPARIS, KENTUCKY 'WANTEDYoung lady cashier-bookkeeper.Address, in own handwriting, stating salary wanted."BOOKKEEPER,"Care BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.(10-tf)Home For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstreet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back150 feet.(6-tf) , PAT COMACK.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Stock, Personal Property.Box 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky(jan6-tf))LiveLockPublic Sale-OF-Household and KitchenFurniture, Contractors' Equipment.Having sold jmy place and goingto leave the State, I will offer forsale all my contractors' equipmentand other personal property, consisting of household and kitchenfurniture, etc. Sale will start at 2o'clock p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 28The following articles will be soldwithout reserve or by-bid. Everything mentioned in this sale is infirst-class shape, some as good asnew, and as stated above, the reasonfor selling is that I am leaving theState. Anyone desiring to inspectgooas may ao so by calling at myplace at any time before "sale:One Universal Woodworker, builtby American Saw " Machinery Co.,four extra saws, six-inch plane boring attachment and saw. This machine is in good order and is runby 7-horse-power Fairbanks-Morsegasoline engine justN the thingmany carpenters need;One barn-framing outfit, used oneseason, consisting of two-power boring machine and swing circularsaw, all framed and lined up so allof them can be nsed at the sametime, same extra belting;One power grinding stone, fixedfor hand or power;One gasoline engine, 1-h. p., Fairbanks-MorseOne concrete block machine, withseveral different design faces, about500 palletts for same, all in goodshope;One Triple A floor surfacing machine, a good one;One lot shovels, all kinds;One lot good post rammers;One concrete tamper;One large sand screen;One step-toe mortise machine;Two Starrett leveling instruments, just the thing for staking offbuildings and runnings lines. Oneof these has a telescope tube, theother a plain sight tube. Both ofthese instruments are in good order;About 18 Jack-screws of all sizes;Two iron snatch blocks;One lot of rope. These ropes arefn good shape;One lot of blocks for blocking upbuildings; .One lot of rplieis for housemoving; One lot of iron diggers and longhandle shoyels;Six good wheelbarrows;One crab for raising barns andmoving houses;Four or five ladders;Three step ladders;Several ripping bars;One cross-cut saw;One lizard saw;One scythe; yOne Ross cutting box;One spring wagon pole;One pony cart and harness;Two pitchforks, hoes and rakes;One small A harrow for grading;Two 50-gallon gasoline tanks;Spme chains, and bees and extrabee stands;A lot of other things too numerous to mention.HOUSEHOLD AND KITCHEN FURNITURE. One good Moores' air-tight heater;One lard press and sausage mill;One big iron kettle;One big brass kettle; . 'One lot of stone and glass iars,all sizes;One -10-gallon stone jar;Two 5-gallon milk cans;Refrigerator, sideboard, dishesand household goods of all kinds;A lot of qmall tools too numerousto mention.AUTOMOBILESOne 5-passenger34. This machineOakland, modelis in good run-ning order: ' ,One -ton White Truck.Tires are all good on these machines. TERMS Cash on all, sums under$25.00. Over that amount negotiable note bearing 6 Interest.E. T. SHLELER.. v Millersburg, Ky.l.rvr. mw.n TV SP"RAKBS. AUCt.(lT-td)AUCTION!The'Big Combination Saleof desirable Real Estate will be sold by Harris & Speakesand the Paris Realty Company onSaturday, Feb. 28, 1920Several automobiles will leave our offices promptlyat 1:30 p. m. Beginning at No. 1 and continuing in orderuntil all are sold.NO. 1 7-room, two-story brick residence, located on corner of Secondand Main streets; has 'gas, electricity, concrete walks, largelot, splendid garden, good cistern and ia a sple-udid location.Possession in ten days.NO. 2 of the double two-story brick residence on Pleasant Street,x ' now occupied by J. Walter Payne, has 7 rooms, gas, bath andelectricity, and is the best located property in Paris. Possession April 1st.NO. S The two-story frame residence on corner of Seventh and HighStreets. This property is in two distinct apartments, 6 roomsfacing on High Street and 3 rooms on Seventh Street, has gas,bath and electricity and is in the business part of the cityand bids fair to become one" of the best corners in Paris.Possession in thirty or sixty days.NO. -1 The frame cottage on High Street and next to No. 3, has 4rooms, gas, bath and electricity, is right down towr andsplendidly located. Possessior thirty oi sist days.NO. 5. The vacant lot on Hendersoi Street, 50x100 feet, between J. W.Hayden and Mrs. Purnell, one of the best locations in Pari3.NO. 6 The two-story frame residence on Henderson Street, between A.B. Lovell and Ray Harri?, now occupied by William Dale; ha36 rooms, bath, gas and electricity, cellar, garden, garage. Nobetter location in Paris. Possession about March 1st.NO. 7 2-story, six-room frame residence, with front and back porches,has gas, electric lights, water, bath complete; located on Walker avenue; large lot 60x250; splendid location. Possessionthirty days.NO. 8 5-room cottage, located on Higgins avenue; large lot, 80x225feet, gas, water in house, concrete walk, plenty of shadetrees. Possession March 1st.NO. 9--5-room cottage, located on corner of Twelfth and PleasantStreets, has bath complete, gas, electricity, good cistern, splendid shade trees and in the very best locatin. Possession, thirtydays.The frame cottage with brick columns on Fifteenth Street, has4 rooms, gas, bath and electricity, good location, and a dandjlittle home for someone. Possession March 1st.NO. 10-NO.11 5-room practically new cottage, with all necessary improvements, such as bath, gas and electricity, concrete walks, shadttrees; situated on South Brent Street, splendid locationPossession in thirty days.12 The frame cottage on Brent Street, has 5 rooms, gas, bath amNO.electricty, is a dandy, nice piece of property and occupied byJames Grinnell, Sr. Possession April 1st,NO. 13 Is 5-room frame cottage, on Sonth Main Street, just beyondthe Brannon home, between Nineteenth and Twentieth. Streets,has bath, gas and electricity. Possession in 30 days.Don't forget the day and dateparticulars seePAEIS EEALTY CO.,Auctioneers, George D. SpeakesPUBLIC SALE2 --SCOTT COUNTY-2Jt1 ' mJSm JET! JNL lCOn Tuesday, March 2ndON THE PREMISES AT 10:30 O'CLOCKWe have been instructed by the owner, Mr. Thomas Lisle, of ClarkCounty, to offer at public sale on the above date and place :NO. 1 that tract of land lying and being about one mile north ofNewtown, Ky., on what is known as the Leesburg Pike, containing 110acres of land, lying and being on the east side of said pike and bounded on the north by the lands formerly owned by Less Murphy, on theea&t by the lands of Edgar Gragg, and on the south by the lands of A.I. Ferguson. There is on the farm a comfortable house of four or fiverooms, with good stock barn, corn crib, meat house and abundance ofexcellent water, both for family and stock purposes, and there is one ofthe best tobacco barns of about 15 acres capacity, which was in parttawed off of this place just a few years ago. This farm is well fencedwith the best of material and divided into enclosures for the convenience of a farm of this size. Soil is of an excellent quantity and readyto work.NO. 2 Is that excellent little farm located atParis & Georgetown Pike and Carrick Pike, known asArnsparger land, and contains about 84 acres ofThere is no improvements on this place except a goodbarn and nlenty of good land ready .for tobacco. Welltered. Splendidly located for someone to improve for a convenient home.Each of these farms lays in a section of country that is recognized asvery productive. Will produce good tobacco, wheat, corn or any othercrops that Central Kentucky will grow. Close to R. R. Station, excellent Graded School; where every- few colored people reside, but convenient to village where help can be procured at all times. Close tochurches, telephone and free mail, where one may nave the convenience of towns and the freedom of the country.At the same time and place, on the Leesburg Koad Farm, will sellthe following personal property, to-wit:Three pairs of good work mules;One good milk cow;9 head of fat Beef Cattle, weight about 700 pounds; 4One sow and 8 pigs; -6 Hampshire Gilts, will pig by day. of sale;30 head of Cattle Shoats, will weigh about 60 pounds.About 75 barrels of Corn to be sold in 10 barrel lots;240 Shocks Fodder on Newtown farm;Some Farming Implements;TERMS Made known on day of sale, which will be liberal, onland especially.' Any one interested in any of tlie above described property will bebhown over same by applying to vrHARRIS & SPEAKES,' Paris, Ky.Or Mr., Ben Lisle, who resioWoiTtheForOFintersection ofa part of thoexcellent land.12-acre tobaccofenc"! aud wa-SORB & WOOD,Georgetown, Ky.Farm on the -Leeslfarg "Kke: 'of sale, Saturday, February 2.OR HARMS & PEASES.and 0. H. Wykoflc.i:-A. ,"." ' ;Vife- "V i-& ,A -Ar 1 -i .v ,i. ' u. ? ,Jsi ., -. .J-irtTA -?".;,y rlL feCit -t -. a i& t v- f'it M-rt t ijfr.i wrjeMrcji j"i. ..- n, : yzL. . ? V t. ' fH i'i C ! V-Zl-a;V-1SJjfL5 tv'A".WJ"?ritfWfH fP?- XJfTfF"v .7SKX W - 5iV ;T:,s?r-Wr i -V .'? VSUPPL7,We Have 6Hand the Largest Stock of Goods that is UsedBy the Farmer in Central Kentuckytr-ste ax- x r u s&fe,sK ft Vefc&bsgi ??x &t -s&1)Buy Genuine Oliver PWe are Agents ForOliver Chilled Plows ansuiCultivatorand Black Hawk Corn PlanterstitsThe Oliver Chilled Plow Works will under no conditionbe responsible for the work of a plow equipped with imitation shares.This refers to plow points, mouldboards, landsides, standards, and other parts that go to make up an Oliver plow madeby the 'Oliver Chilled Plow Works, South Bend, Indiana.There is a vast difference between the genuine and imitation parts. We cite plow points as ono example.The reason why the Oliver Chilled Plow Works do 'notpolish their plow points like a mirror is because the point doesnot need polishing. The rough surface is the hardest part ofthe point, making it wear longer than it would if this werepolished away.Olivers spend their money to make the points do the business and not for appearances.Bear in mind that you are getting belter wear and moresendee for 37our money in genuine Oliver points.Genuine Oliver repair parts fit better, wear longer, makethe plow run easier and do a better job of plowing.When you buy Oliverrepair parts, insist upon -see- . aft'Ht'iner thft Tiamft "Oliver" and 'SfimSE'this trade mark cast in every mtiTiymere vnn hnv. J-iLS'sSairWe sell nothing but thegenuine Oliver repair parts.yA $&&-HardwareWe have a complete line of Hardware.Nails, Staples; Fence, Single and Double Trees,Hinges, Bolts, Galvanized and Tin Ware.Fence is very hard to get. If you need any, getit now.Fishing TackleWe have a nice line of Fishing Tackle,bought last fall at 30 to 40 per cent under present prices. Come in and save the difference.Harnessand Harness SuppliesWe have the largest line of harness in Central Kentucky. We will guarantee to save youmoney on any kind of harness. We have a largelot of harness at last year's prices; also collars atlast year's prices.We have an extra nice line of buggy andpony harness, saddles, bridles, halters and everything in the harness line.Auto TiresWe have about 100 Auto Tires,guaranteed 6,000 miles, at 10 per centoff the list as long as they last.Jnhn Deere MachineryPlows, harrows, corn planters, cultivators, binders,smowers, rakes, wagons. Also Brown wagonsPaints and VarnishesWe will save you about 10 per cent on Paint,Varnish, Linseed Oil and White Lead, Carriageand Auto Paint and Alabastine Wall Finish.All Kinds of OilsFarm Machine Oil, regular price 65cOur price 50cOur Special Auto Oil, regular price $1.00Our price 65cSteam Engine Oil, regular price $1.00Our price 80cEld Caster Oil, special for binders, regularprice 90c, our price 75cMobile Oil, for tractors, regular price $1.25Our price $1.00Gas Engine Oil, regular price $1.00Our price 80cHog Oil, regular price 35cOur price 25c10 Off All Heating StovesWe have a few wood heating stoves at specialprices.A Full Line of Staple GroceriesNo, 2 1-2 can Tomatoes 17 l-2cNo. 2 can Tomatoes. lieNo. 2 1-2 can Peaches 45cNo. 2 1-2 can Peaches 50cLarge can Heintz' Baked Beans 20cSmall can Heintz' Baked Beans 15c2 cans ' corn x. 35cLarge Gan Sweet Potatoes 20cSearch Light Matches, per box 5cCOPPEERegular 65c at 55c Regular 50c at 40cRegular 60c at 50c Regular 45c at 35cRegular 55c at 45cTry our coffee and you will use no other.ex& W Jm -lb fmW&MP sir jw'nSjPT inkWe Have a Car Load ofTobacco SettersWe have sold them all but ten. Iffyou want the best setter made, comein and see u at once.x A. 1 nM) ill IBsSPECIAL SALE ON BUGGIESAND WAGONSWe have a few buggies that we will sell for$150.00 (worth $175.00) and $175.00 (worth$200.00). Also nice-pony buggies. Special priceon buggy robes for two weeks.We haVe many goods too numerous to mention. Come En and get acquaintedwith our goods and prices and you will always be our -customer. We save youmoney on most anything you need.We will have a nice line of Farm Implements on display on Court Day.Come in and see them.FarmersSupplyCo.Main Street, Near NinthPARIS, KENTUCKYNext to Grand Opera House'vmivi"1'f."feJ' ,J.J.v,k;..AM'v5'M Amdkikyi "Otrr:U- K , -f ," Mi sfV-r- - - ,vft. tPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY- 27, 1920.rrIt 'i.uUivters,y3ASKET BALL GAMES AT THELOCAL "Y."FOKMER PARISIAN HONOREDWITH CHAIRMANSHIPParis "Y" vzs defeated by theFrankfort "Y" basket ball teamMonday -night by a score of 34 to 24.the game being held on the Paris"Y" floor. This was undoubtedlythe best game of the season, good,clean, fast ball was played duringthe whole game.. The fine sportsmanship of both teajms was the feature of the game. The game wasclose from start to finish, neitherteam being more than 4 pointsahead and twice a tie.The line-up was as follows:PARIS Rev. Smylie, C, (6),Chipley, F (2), O'Neil, F, (16),Clark, G. Mclntyre, G.FRANKFORT Blaxton, C, (16),Stagg, F, (6), Collins, F, (10), Suppenger, G, Kenner, G, (2).Referee A. T. Rice, Jr.I Deputy Police CommissionerFrederick A. Wallis, of New York,formerly of Paris, has been tendered'and has accepted the chairmanshipof the Christian Endeavor Conven-1''tion Committee, which is to have.the principal part in making arrangements for the International C.'B. Convention, to be held in NewJin 1921. Mr. Wallis was at one timeprison superintendent of the Kenjtucky Christian Endeavor Union,ana nas spoiten on prison wofk Defore many Christian Endeavor meetings in the State. He pnarried MissNannine Clay, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., of thiscity, and spends a large portion ofhis time during the summer in thecounty, where he has large landedinterests.P. H. S. girls were defeated bythe P. H. S. Alumni girls Monday jnight by a score of 26 to 8, the game.being played on the "Y" floor.P. H. S. was crippled badly bythe loss of sopne of their players Jmus giving me Aiumni gins a Detter chance. The game was very exciting from start to finish.Iane-up as follows:ALUMNI Harper,' C, Elder, F,(6), Rose, L., F, (8), Rose, C, G..(12), Thomas, G.P. H. S. Ellis, C, Collier, F, (8),Arnold, F, (6), Rule, G, Wallingford, G.Referee A. T. Rice, Jr.RAILWAY CLERKS WANTED.SPARE US ONE MOMENT; LOOKHERE BREAD WINNERS.Young men for Railway MailClerks $110 'per month. Experience unnecessary. For free particulars and examinations, write J.Leonard (former Government Examiner), 635 Equitable Building,Washington, D. C.To be prosperous you must learnto live on less than you make. Allit takes to save money is a determination to save. The Peoples' Building & Loan Association's plan tohelp you is one excelled by 'none.Join our new series March 6 th andtake a step toward prosperity.Office at Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company.G. W. "WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Sect'y.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanONLY TWO MORE DAYS.Tomorrow is the last day totake advantage -of the 25discount b ing offered by us oneverything in our store. ' Todayand tomorrow East chances.Save one-fourth by buying before it is too late.E. M. WHEELERRobneel Building.SHERIFFS MAT BE JAILERSThos. Taul, Jailer of Bourboncounty and treasurer of the Kentucky Jailers' Association, saysthere is no hope of legislation forthe relief of prisoner-poor countyjailers, "starving under the fee system." Mr. Taul predicts the turning over of prisoners and prisons tothe county "Sheriffs as a possible solution of the prisoner housing problem.THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. Ts would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order" for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.s&LTHE HOSPITAL CAMPAIGNA.P.L.P.siSfimimretS5SSpeBSffMKWKMMMUSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paper' houses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistent, with first class, workmanship and the bestmaterials used. - .. .KANE BROS.IHmt Phmt 399(till July 1)UUtfUUlPARIS, KENTUCKY"Satisfactory progress beingmade," continues the encouragingreport from the compaign managersand solicitors of the Massie Memorial Hospital fund, for -which thebu-m of $20,000 is being sought.The (miserable weather of the pastfew days has hindered the work tosome extent, but not even, the coldblasts of winter can down the courage of those who have the matter inhand.Several large subscriptions havebeen added to the fund in the pastfew days. One of these, whichheads the list so far, is that of $2,500, made by Miss Lucy Simms, whohas always been a warm friend ofthe institution. Come in with yoursubscription, whether it be $2,500or $2.50 and help to bring the balance down to where it will take buta few figures to report the amountneeded. In this issue appears a listof the recent subscriptions: vMiss Lucy Simms L$2,500.00Henry Gaitskill 10.00Tom Tobin 5.00Wm. Tobin 5.00Claude Tobm' 5.00Posner Bros 50.00S. H. Kress Co 25.00Mrs. Leer Stout , - 5.00Bradley & Brannon 25.00Daugherty Estate 50.00Grant Owsley & Co 10.00Albert Anthon 5.00A. J. Fee 1 5.00E. F. Mc Williams 5.00Mrs. Maria Lyons 5.00Lampton & Woods 5.00E. M. Wheeler -- 5.00Dr. J. M. Williams 25.00Fisher Transfer Co 5.40Fred Weckesser 10.00Ernest Thompson 15.00Tom Longo 5.00B. M. Tune 15.00W. S. Arnsparger 5.00Miss Sara Daniels 1.00Mrs. Delia OaKley 1.00S. T. Chipley 5.00Murray & Thomas Co 10.00Carlton Williams 5.00Dr. H. E. Foster 10.00Harris & Dale 5.00Miss Betsy Ray 5.00J. J. Connell 10.00R. H. Horton 10.00A. L. Boatright 5.00J. W. Mallory 5.00Leonard Watson 5.00C. H. Peterson 1.00Mrs. Tcfrn Maher 1.00J. W. Brown 1.00Dr. Martha Petree 25.00Y. H. Harrison 10.00Houston Rion 5.00S. M. Lancaster 5.00H. L. Terrill 5.00F. 'E. Faulkner 5.00Norman Soper 2.00J. G. Metcalfe 20.00W. Bourne 2.00J. Kelly 5.00B. Griffin-! 2.00J. O'Connell 10.00Jeff H. Smith 1.00John J. Williams 10.00W. B. Kiser 10.00J. f. Grosche 25.00Robert Goggin 10.00Wm. Grimes 10.00Frank Remington 10.00Chas. Green " 10.00Paris Baking Co .;., 10.00A. J. Winters Co "10.00Harris Tackett 1.00O. H. Wikoff 5.00Dr. J. T. Brown 1 25.00Mrs. Lucy D. Anderson 10.00John Merringer 10.00H. L. & J. R. Grinnell 5.Q0Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Barnett 5.00J. R. McDermott 5.00C. E. Leer 1.00Ed. O. Brown 5.00Thos. A'Harn 10.00Ed. Doyle 5.00O. L. Frye :. 1.00M. B. Jackson i 10.00Wm. M. Taylor 5.00Chas. Lancaster 5.00Walter Clark , 5.00Mrs. Taylor Chandler 2.00A. S. A. Wilson 1.00D. Feld 10.00J. M. Templin 5.00A. C. Rowland I 5.00Geo. L. Doyle 5.00Jake Elvove 5.0QHarvey Hibler 5.00H. L. Baldwin 25.00Mr. and Mrs? John Kiser 10.00John "Pete" Cain 10.00JoHn Christman Co 25.00! Porter Jett 5.00j Alfred v Buckley 1.00Lela Dillon .50Mrs. J. W. Brown ZZ .50D. ,M. Plummer tinMrs. Jennie Brooks Kenney 10.00Miss Mabel Soper 5.00 'Miss Rosalia Santen 1 00 'L. S. Tulley 5.00H. G. Kiser 5 00Chas. W. Fithian 5!ooF. J. Savage 10.OOMaurice Clark 1 10.00Geo. W. Davis 2500J. F. Faris 10.00M. F. Quisenberryl 2.00Thos. A. McDonald 1 5!oOT. S. Gallaway 5.00Dickerson& Son 5 00W. O. Kiser 5.00W. H-. Whitley 25.00R. F. Clendanin J 50 00T. T. Templin s!ooMiss Mabel Templin 5.00Joe H. Ewalt 25.00Mrs. Clay T. Ewalt 5 00Rev. W. E. Ellis 5 00A. B. Waddill 500W. V. Shaw v5.'ooG. S. Jefferson ' 10-OfrMrs. Bettie Brown 10.00H. A.. Power 25.00H. H. Hancock 10,00G. M. Mansfield 15!ooxMra. J. T. Sharrard 2R.nnLucy F! Letton 5.OO-'Keynoids Letton 5.00F. M.Fteter siSoJ. A. Morrison 5.0(0J. W. Shout 5.00INSURE AGAINST MISFORTTIM:;TAKE STOCK IN PEOPLES'l B. & L. A.50Stock in the Peoples' -Building1 and Loan Association is a" good insurance against future financialmisfortunes. Get the systematicsaving hnbit and you will hardlymiss what you lay aside for the future. New series opens March. 6.Office at Peoples' Deposit Bank &Trust Company. (It)Pure Bred Duroc Jersey Hogs For SaleBest bloodline, good individuals.Two sows, four gilts and one boar.Will sell as a whole or separate.C. M. CLAY,(tf) Paris, Ky.Wanted Relics.All kinds of Indian and war relics. Will exchange an automaticshotgun, 12-guage, Hawaiian Ukulele and 20 lessons. Old U. S. centsand fractional currency, merchandise, Fhoes, ladies or men's. California gold coins, 25c, 50c and $1.00size, mounted on ring or pin. Madein 1850 to 18G5.W. H. NOEL,Rte. 2, Box 5, Big Stone Gap, Va.(27-4t)HeadnxR9 sr -BH50HeadAuction SaleCourt Day, March 1stOn that date I will sell at the T. G. Morris livery Barn, Paris,Ky., 50 head of draft and general purpose mares and geldings. This isa good lot of horses. One load consists of heavy draft mares, most allteams properly mated. Some mares in foal. Remember when thesehorses hit the auction they are yours for I never draw a horse regardlessof price. If you are in the market for a horse or two dont fail to attendthis sale. All stock guaranteed as represented. Written guarantee ifpreferred.YOUfi PATRONAGE APPRECIATED!REMEMBER THE DATE, MARCH, 1 AT 1 P. M. PROMPT.3ST. IR,. ParksCynthiana, Ky.NOT TO BE USED AT ONCE.The $20 000 we are asking forIs not to be spent now, but ismerely a fund' to supplementthe reven e, to meet men hiydeficits as they arise at the hospital. . r ' 1A Wise InvestmentHome FurnishingsWhen you buy home furnishings you are not spending money you areINVESTING it. You can make no better investment than by buying them HEREwhere you get only reliable furniture at the lowest prices..Now Our February, and March Sale,The Best Investment for YourDining RoomThis charming- Queen Anne Dining Suite offers anexceptional value. Beautifully finished in either American Walnut or Mahogany. Chairs have genuine leatherseats. Ten pieces comprise the suite. See it.Kitchen CabinetSave time and money bybuying now, during our February and March Sale.$19.75 up to $80.00l I hii Ja YjSzSeSlV- mP IB fL(l.f'fy ?t:. vKxui ujg 'o3MCollapsible SulkyHas Parcel Carrier" A very convenient sulkycollapsible device is operatedby one motion of the tongue.Parcel carrier under the seat.Reed back, sides and top.At March Sale prices,Make Your Living RoomComfortable and AttractiveHere is a suite, that will afford you the utmost in living room convenience. It is not only very comfortablebut of attractive design. Beautifully finished in mahogany. Upholstered in mulberry velour.$290.00 March Sale price only $232.00This Dainty Colonial Suite inEnamel, Oak or Mahogany;. v You will find this suite very attractive and ref resh. ing; in the finish1 that will harmonize with your bedroomdecorations. All drawers are accurately fitted and willnot "bind," Four pieces at a moderate price during ourFebruary and March Sale.k H IBtf Ml !Take Care ofYour ClothesThis chifforobe will keepyour clothes in excellent condition. It is -fitted with fivedrawers, two . compartmentsand :mirror. $60,00 MarchSale $48.00. ..A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Main and Third St$. Chas. Green, Manager Paris, Keiticky1 sYAY-- r."V..f"-vV-'JV''i&'c vf-r7r J iVFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVExtCbFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEBIG PUBLIC SATEAttend Sheeler's sale on Fehurary28. See advertisement in anothercolumn. (td)oPUBDTA CHICKEN PEED.We have the best of hen feed.C. P. COOK & CO.YOUR CHANCE TO SUBSCRIBE Ta the best campaign ever started in Bourbon the Alassie Hospital Campaign.AFTER PLBST OP MARCH.After all the public sales are over,and the purchasers have sold outagain and again and nobody has' ahome to go to; after all the "drives"and "campaigns" and other freepublicity schcvnes have endedthen perhaps the country paperswill have more space for news.THE NEWS asks the indulgence ofits readers until such a condition isrestored.MCE DESTROY CIGARETTESWhen James E. Craven went to ashelf to get a package of cigarettesfor a customer yesterday afternoon,he found that price had paid theplace a visit. The rodents had destroyed the contents of the box,about six hundred cigarettes, valuedat about $7.50. The mingled massof tobacco and ground boxes resfknbled a pot pourri of some kind.THE INPUJENZA SITUATIONSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Joinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs: N. A. Moore willleturn to-morrow from Umatilla,Fla., where they spent severalmonths.The fiu has assumed an epidemicforjm in Mason county, where seventy-fivenew cases were reported,twenty-five froon Maysville. At Ashland, schools, theatres, pool looms,churches, and all places of amusement and public or private gathermgs have been closed by the Boardof Health. The entire city hasbeen placed under the strictestquarantine regulations.STEAL COPPER WIREBurglars effected an entrance tothe rear rocin of the Western UnionTelegraph office and stole a largequantity of copper wire and otherarticles belonging to the lineman'sand equipment divisions of the service. The police wee notified. Nocine.ADD REAS ESTATEThrough the Paris Realty Company, Grant Overby sold Tuesday toGeorge Broderick, his residence on-i.illeston avenue, for $4,000. Mr.Broderick will get possession aboutMarch 1.ONLY TWO MORE DAYS.Tomorrow is the iast day totake advantage of the 25discount being offered by us oeverything in our store. Todayaw;d tomorrow last charces.Save one-fourth by buying before it is too late.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.o600D ADVICE POR ANYONE:ASK POR PURTHRR INFORMATION. Now is the time to begin saving.We have an excellent plan to assistyu in saving and one that getsgood interest on your money. Askyour banker about it. New seriesopens March 6. See our Secretaryfor further information.PEOPLES' BUILDING & LOAN ASSOCIATION. Office at Peoples' Deposit Bank &Trust Company.G. W- WILDER, President.P. W. GALLOWAY, Sect'y.FORMER P. H. S. STAR WINNINGATHLETIC LAURELS.Basil Hayden, former Paris HighSchool basketball star, is winningathletic laurels as forward on theUniversity "of Kentucky team. TheUniversity of Kentucky quintette isa contender for the State chapnpionship, and Hayden has proved themost valuable man on the squad atgoal-shooting, floor-work and general all-round ability.In his Freshman year Hayden attended Transylvania College andmade the basket-ball team thatyear. He is now a Junior in Industrial Chemistry and a member ofAlpha Chi Sigma, the national honorary ohejroistry fraternity.ATTEND THlTpuBLIC SALE EEBRUARY 28.Attend the sale of live stock,household and kitchen funnUirfand fanning implements at Miss Letitia Clay's, at 10 o'clock, Saturday,February 28. See liandbll(joL3t) -county our permanent"IS YOUR HAME WRITTENEHERE?"It doesn't cost anything to -"pro-teat"and "resolute," but it doestake the cash to run the Mania Memorial Hospital, If some of the loud,Vst protesters against the Sundaymovies will kick in a little .cash towd the Hospital fund .and useRome of the energy devoted to amovement that Has .never ve beenseriously considered by the ProprieSI of the- local movie houses, theymay be of some benefit to a gooaMiss Alice Adair has returnedfrom a three-months' visit to friendsand relatives m Oklahoma and inKansas City, Mo.Dr. Edward Swartz, of Cleveland, Tenn., is a guest of his sister,Mrs. W. J. Calvert, and Mr. Calvert,at their home near Pans.Mrs. Rebecca Collier and Dr. C.Bruce Smith were both reported yesterday from the Massie MemorialHospital as being somewhat better.Mrs. W. E. Patton is able to beout, after an illness of two weeks atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Dan W. Peed, on South Mainstreet.Clarence Thomas, Cashier of thePeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.,is convalescing from a severe attackif influenza. He is still confined tohis room.Mrs. Albert Hinton underwenta serious surgical operation, in aCincinnati hospital Wednesday. Shewas reported yesterday as restingcomfortably.Mr. and Mrs. James Fergusonand the latter's mother, Mrs. Pigg,of Galion, Alabama, are visitingrelatives in Paris and Lexington,and in the county.Wm. W. Dudley, who has beenconfined to his home on South Mainstreet for nearly two weeks withIhe flu, was reported yesterday asbeing slightly better.Mrs. Kale Wilson, of Mt. Airyavenue, who recently underwent aserious operation at the Mayo Bros.'Hospital, in Rochester, Minn., is leported as doing very nicely.Mrs. Emma Bagge Carpenter,of near Hutchison, who recently sustained severe burns at her home onthe Maysville pike, is a patient, athe St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington. Robert Collier has returned tohis home in Mt. Sterling, after af. visit to bis another, Mrs. RebeccaCollier, who continues ill at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity.-John Albeit Kiely, son of thelate John Kiely, has returned to hishome in Covington, after a visit ofseveral days to his grano?nother,Mrs. Ellen C. Kiely, and fapnily, inthis city.Albert S. Thompson has returned from a trip through Ohio, wherehe inspected a number of breedingfarms and purchased several highgrade imported sheep to add to hisalready select flock.William. McCann, of Shelbycounty, who recently purchased theW. H. H. Johnson home, on Mt. Airyavenue, from the heirs, arrived herewith his family Tuesday, and hasmoved into the home.Prof. Hardin Lucas has returned to Brooklyn, New York, after ashort visit to his mother, Mrs. AnneLucas, in Paris. Prof. Lucas wascalled to Mason county by the deathof his mother-in-law, Mrs. Scott Osborne. Miss Carolyn Roseberry washostess recently to the members ofthe Bridge Club at her home on"West Seventh street. Five tables ofplayers enjoyed the afternoon. A delicious luncheon was served m fourcourses. Decorations were Killarneyloses.Mrs. Oscar Locknane, formerlyMiss Mary Brown, of ' Paris, whohas been seriously ill of pneumonia,at her home in Covington, for sometime, was reported yesterday as being considerably improved. Hermother, Mrs. Elizabeth Brown, ofParis, has been at her bedside.. Thomas and James Parker,sons of Mrs. Gecrge Parker, ofParis, who have been connectedwith the Postal Telegraph Co.'soffice in Lexington, for severalmonths, will leave Sunday for Memphis, Tenn., where they will takepositions with the Western UnionTelegraph Co.Mrs. J. U. Boardman and OffuttBoardman, of Chicago, Mrs. GeorgeWyatt, Jr., and son, George Wyatt,III, who had been visiting elativesin Chicago, arrived in Paris, Wednesday to attend the funeral andburial of George Wyatt, Jr., whichtook place at 2:30 o'clock yesterdayafternoon. 'The North Middletown Woman's Club will hold their weeklymeeting this afternoon in the clubrooms, when the following programwill be carried out: Paper, "Messiah." Mrs. J. T. Jones; Vocal Selections from "The Messiah," A. L.Boatright; "Hallelujah Chorus,"from "The Messiah," directed by A.L. Boatright.The following program will beobserved to-morrow at the meetingof the Millersburg Century Club;Roll Call; "Kentucky Women InThe Foreground," History of Federated Clubs of Kentucky, Mrs. JamesMiller; Sketch of Stephen Foster,Miss Clark; "Old Kentucky Honie,"quartet, Mesdames Barnes, Ball,Current, and Miss Ball; Reading(selected)', Miss Mclntyre; Hostess,Miss Mclntyre.Four new candidates were initioated into the mysteries of the DeltaDelta Society, at a meeting held atthe home of Miss Marie Collins, inthis city. The new members wereMisses Ann Vallandinghejft, ofOwenton, Bernice Champ, Lancaster,Dovie Bird, Lexington, and RuthRouse, Cynthiana. After the initiation exercises a delicious luncheonwas served the guests, about sixteen in number.In renewing his subscription toTHE NEWS, Milton a' Browning recently of -Paris, writing from Louisville says: "Effective March 1, Iwill be appointed General Agent ofiio TmifRville & Nashville, at Cleveland, Ohio. Helen and I will leavefor Cleveland the latter part of thisweek We both enjoyed our littlesojourn in Paris during the. Government control of railroads and I ammre I express Helen's ssntiment msaying that we are sorry to leavParis and hope some day to makeBourbonhome."Lou Taylor will leave thismorning for Clearwater, Florida, tospend the remainder of the winter.Lee Spears is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, wherehe is under treatment for influenza.Mrs. Nathan Bay ess, Sr., whois a patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, is reporting as improving.James M. Caldwell reurned lastnight frtn Clearwater, Florida,where ha has been visiting for several weeks.William C. Stipp, celebratedfarmer of this county, has gone toRochester, Minn., to consult withthe Mayo Bros.Mrs. Walter Dalby was hostessWednesday afternoon to the members of her bridge club at her homeon Twelfth street.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Holt havereturned 10 their home in GiandRapids, Mich., after a visit to relatives in this city and county.Dr. C. E. Wood, whtf has beenill for some time with the flu, haslecovered and has resumed his practice as veterinary surgeon.Miss Mildred Collins, of Paris,was one of the guests at a brilliantmilitary ball given at the Universtiyof Kentucky, in Lexington, lastweek.Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald, whorecently returned from a visit inNew Orleans, is confined to her homeon Pleasant street by an attack oftonsilitis.Miss Margaret Petree has returned from Lexington, where shehas been engaged on professionalduty for several weeks at SfrJoseph's Hospital.The meeting of the FridayBiidge Club, which was postponedlast week will be held this afternoon with Mrs. W. K. Griffin ashostess at her home on Fifteenthsti eet.Mrs. Edward Turner entertained yesterday with luncheon-bridgeat her home on the Clintonville pike,near Paris, in honor of Mrs. JamesWoodford, who is to move to Paristo reside soon.James Hukill. A. B. Hancockland Charlton Clay were in Frankfort Tuesday attending the sessionof the Kentucky Legislature, whenthe anti-betting bill was under consideration. Miss Louise Connell, of Paris,was one of the initiates and cleverlyresponded to a toast at the annualbanquet given in Lexington recentlyby the Delta Delta Fraternity ofthe University of Kentucky.Jas. L. Hill, carpenter, who recently underwent an operation onhis foot at the Massie MemorialHospital, is resting comfortably.Mr. Hill is suffering from blood poisoning, caused by running a nail inhis foot.Mrs Mason McCord, who contracted influenza following the birthof a daughter, has been moved fromher home on Winchester street, tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, fortreatment.The Carlisle Mercury says;,"Mr. and Mrs. Q. T. Gate wood, formerly of this city, who hove been inFrankfort since leaving Carlisle,have purchased a confectionery inParis and have taken possession., They conducted a confectionery inthis city several years and were verysuccessful, being forced to sell outon account of Mr. Gatewood'shealth."William C. Stippt, celebratedIbis seventy-ninth birthday Tuesdaywith a dining at his home nearClintonville. The guests for the occasion were his children and theirfamilies, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Stephencon, R. L. Stipp, Ray Stipp, Mr. and.Mrs. Gano Hildreth, Wm. F. Heathman, Mr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp, ofthe county, and Mr. and Mrs. J. T.Perry, 'of Lexington. Mr. Stipp isone of the few members of thatfast-declining band who followed thefortune of the Confederacy as amember of Co. D., Eighth Kentucky Cavalry, under Colonel Duke.Governor Edwin P. Morrow wasthe host at a beautifully appointedluncheon Wednesday at the Executive Mansion, in Frankfort, for Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmetr,who was in Frankfort to address theGeneral Assembly. Covera werelaid for the honor guest, LieutenantGovernor S. Thurston Ballard, Col.A. T. Hert, of Louisville; SenatorCharles M. Harris, Senator HiramBrock, Speaker of the House JoeBosworth, Representatives James H.H. Thompson, of Bourbon, and Jos.iLazarus, Attorney General CharlesI. Dawson, Assistant United StatesAttorney Charles Fennell, JudgeRobert L. Stout and Messrs. GrahamVreeland and S. J. Shackleford.-We Invite the PublicTo Tisit Our Storeand see on display our nice line ofSpring VoilesOrgandiesand White Goodsi?r also a full line ofSpring MillinerySuits, Coatsand Dressesat reasonable pricesHARRY SIMON224 W, Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.WE BELIEVEWe Save You More Money at OurTHE FAIR!You know next Monday, March 1,will be Court Day. We have prepared for your every need. Everything is ready for you, and at pricesaway below what other are asking,and for this day only, we offermany attractive bargains..UNUSUAL VALUES IN THESE:Remnants Congoleum Rug3, size18x36,each 17c, size 24x36, each26c; Sterno Canned Heat, SternoOutfits with heat and SmoothingIrons.a.also can be used for cooking;Cups and 'Saucers and Plates, 87cset; Unhandled Cup9, only each 5c;Colupibia 10-inch Records, play onany machine, 50c; Seri-Foam, withBrush, 25c; Bread Boards, 48c;Grey Granite Milk Pans, 2 sizes,your choice, 10c; White CottonRope, Bird's Eye Matches, RubberCombs, White Bed Pans, KiddieCars, Stone, Iron and Brass Cuspidors, Window Shades, Wall Paper,Sun Proof Paints and Varnishes.Beginning Monday next, a fullline of Roger Bros.' Silverware, absolutely free with every 25c purchase, two couponswith a 50c purchase, etc.Banks pay interest on what youpave we pay interest on what, youspend. f -1 THE PAIR. v-CASH AND MARCH SALEThan You Can Save in Any Sale Anywhere.WE BELIEVE THIS because we give youa straight 20 discount on all goods markedat the regular price.WE DO NOT use any tags but the ones inuse at all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURCash SavingFebruary and MarchSale ,If you don't, your -neighbor does:EXCEPTEDj .' , Glob-Wernicke Csse, Columbia Grafonolas and RtcardsWay Sagltss SpringsTHE J. T. HIN TON CO.EITHCRPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIN:Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingf?wwmhippWKjis f-t. P. t .V.j fctl'- , "ik4rr''vtf 1Vv-! 'XVAGE SIXTOE BOURBOJNL. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYiFBlDAY, FEBRUART 27, l2ff:0s-lfItyis.L3END OF EIGHTYEABS MISERYV7 ?-tifvliam sUsed Lydia EVegetable Compoundand Recovered.IIIIIIIIMMlillliilHMSySMlIBaBaBBEi7?? -ITstvot!:, N. J. "The doctor said Iiad an organic trouble and treated mefor several weeks.At times I could notwalk at all and Isuffered with myback and limbs so Ioften had to stay inbed. I suffered offand on for eightyears. Finally Iheard that Lydia KPinkham's vegetable Compound wasa good medicine andtried it with splendid effect. I cau now do my housework and my washing. I have recommended your Vegetable Compound andyour Blood Medicine and three of myfriends are taking them to advantage.Ton can use my name for a testimonial. ' 'Mrs. Theresa Coventey, 75 BurnettSt, Newark, N. J.Tm are invited to write for free adviceNo other medicine has been so successful in relieving woman's sufferingas nas Lydia E. Knkham's VegetableCompound. Women may receive freeand helpful advice by writing the LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.Such letters are received and answeredby women only and held in strictconfidence.BOUEBON FARMING CONDITIONSFargners are busy making arrangements for opening of springwork on the farms. The openweather following several intenselycold days has given the tillers of"he soil renewed hope, and as a consequence plows and tractors havebeen started turning up the sod.Preparations are also being made forburning tobacco beds. Rye andgrass are lookins: well. The lightsnows have Let beneficial in protecting the w" eat crop. Tobaccocrops are bein, rapidly moved intothe warehouses, and the farmers areawaiting the advent of spring.COLLECTOR HAMILTON SENDS.LETTER OF THANKSTHE NEWS is-in receipt of thefollowing letter from Collector El-Y. M. C. A. MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE "MAKES REPORTThe Board of Directors of theBourbon County Y. M". C. A. haveRASCALSi""tBiliousness, Headache, Colds,Constipation, driven outwith "Cascarets"UtWhy take nasty cathartics, sickening salts, or stomach-turning oilsto drive these rascals out? Let gentle harmless Cascarets remove theliver and bowel poison which iskeeping your head dizzy, tonguecoated, your skin sallow, yourbreath, offensive, and your stomachsour. Get a box of Cascarets at thedrug store and rid your liver, stomach, and bowels of the excess bile,poisons, and waste which are keeping you miserable. Cascarets nevergripe, never sicken, never inconvenience. They cost so little and workwhile you sleep. (adv)oUngallant Ofdtimers.An old papyrus text, recently unearthed in Egypt, shows a strong biasagainst women. After citing a lonjiseries of unfortunate happenings inhistory, it bluntly charges all of themdirectly to the conduct and influenceof woman. Then it goes on-to say. thatif -she have wealth for her ally Inwickedness, the evil is double. Thelast line of the fragment is not entirely legible, but appears to be of thesame general tenor.garding the laxity of many taxpayers in making out and sending- intheir income tax returns. CollectorHamilton sounds a warning to thedelinquents, in the following words:Editor BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky."At the close of business February19, 1920, there had been approximately 5,000 income tax returns ofall dosses filed in this office."Based on the number of returnsfiled last year, there should be 60,000 returns filed in this office beforeMarch 15, 1920. Blanks have beenin the hands of taxpayers for somelime. "It is obvious because of the smallnumber being filed that many aredelaying until the last minute, orwill fail to file at all their returns.If the taxpayers wait until March15th, or about that time to file theirreturns, it will be impossible for theCollector's force to accommodatethem."The penalties for failure to filereturns are severe, and it is unpleasant for the Internal Revenue Department to be called upon to assertpenalties against persons for failureto camply with the law."Permit me at this time to thankyou on behalf of the Government forihe splendid service you have alleady rendered in making peoplefamiliar with their duties under tiieprovisions of the Inccjme Tax Law."The Income Tax Law effectsthousands of citizens in this Stateit is of vial-concern to all of them,and the only way we can reachthem is through the public press."Cordially and sincerely,ELWOOD HAMILTON, Collector."oBAYER"liS ASPIRINJSGEilGet Relief Without Fear As ToldIn "Bayer Package"wood Hamilton, of Louisville, re- j adopted the report of the membership committee, recently submitted,which provides for both ;tnen's andwomen's divisions. In the men's division there will be a senior or adultdepartment and the boys' department. In the women's divisionthere will be the women's and girls'departments.Subscription to the principles ofthe Y. M. C. A., and agreement toco-operate in the work of the Association where possible constitutesthe requisites for membership. Nocharge is made to boys and girlsunder fifteen years of age for privileges of the gymnasium. Membersmay purchase these features by thesingle visit, month, or year at afamall cost.The mepnbership committee isgetting out new application blanksand tickets for use of the members.Plans will be formulated in the earlyspring for a big country-wide membership "drive." At their meetingthe Board of Directors voted to promote the observance of the "Father-and-SonWeek." On account of sickness the date for holding the banquet was not fixed. A comjnUteewill be appointed to arrange iheprogram for this meeting.The Board of Directors voted torequest those who contributed tothe building fund in 1913 and 1915,and also the subscribers to theSouthwide fund of 1919 to maketheir payments as soon as possible.County Clerk Pearce Paton is Treasurer of the institution. SecretaryHarrison repqrted large attendanceon all the activities in January, thetotal number participating in all activities being 6,292.NAMEMttC"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" to begenuine must be marked with thesafety "Bayer Cross." Then you aregetting the true, world-famous Aspirin, prescribed by physicians forover 18 years.Always buy an unbroken packageof "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" whichcontains proper directions to safelyrelieve Colds, Headache, Toothache,Earache, Neuralgia, Lumabgo,Rheumatism, Neuritis, Joint Pains,end Pain generally.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost but a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer" packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)oRESTRICTION OF EXPENSES- OFDEPARTMENT SUGGESTEDA new note ,we've struck it"ChesterfieldNO "sharps," no "flats," but my!how Chesterfields "Satisfy!"A delightful selection of fine Turkish and Domestic tobaccos, harmoniously' blended in an entirely newand exclusive way.The blend is based on our privateformula the outcome of many yearsof experiment. And. the final resulthas justified the time and moneyspent. For certainly, Chesterfielddo satisfy."But don t take our word for it.Smoke a Chesterfield today and findout or yourself.The special, moisture-proof packagekeeps Chesterfields firm and freshUIUJ, ym0Cp42&?3fc44iKcGROUND HOG VINDICATED BYPRESENT WEATHERWhether it was the groundhog orsome grumpy weather man who hadthe most to do with the present"spell" of disagreeable weather, isnot within the province of poor mortals to determine. But the fact exists that something occurred between last Saturday and the presentwriting to turn loose the worst possible brand of weather. The. mercury hovered in the vicinity of zerofor three days, on one occasion descending all the way in the tube.Many, therjmometers marked belowzero. Snow, ice, sleet and rain havecombined with high winds to makeabout as disagreeable weather ascould possibly be imagined. And theend is, apparently, not yet in sight.We've become used to it, but wewant to let our Florida subscribersknow what they are missing.IT'S SURPRISINGThat So Many Paris People Fail ToRecognize Kidney, Weakness.Peculiar African Reptile.The gaboon viper ranges over thelikole of tropical Africa. The bodyis exceedingly thick, stubtailed, witha huge, spade-shaped head. Insteadprogressing in ordinary fashion,this reptile throws forward lateralItops of the body and moves alongJb an oblique direction to that- inWhich the head is pointing. A captive specimen displayed the trait oftriking backwards.TwinBros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTOBACCOCOTTONALL GRADESSEC US BEFOREYOU BUYTwin Broseparrment StoreThe report of State Inspector andExaminer Henry E. James on theaffairs of the Game and Fish Commission shows that this departmentof State had on hand January 1, atotal surplus og $25,848.75. Inspector James believes that some provision of law should be made for theprotection of and dispensation ofany surplus that might accumulateand seme limit placed upon theCommission controlling this fund."This reference to assets," Inspector James said in his report to Gov-ernor Morrow, "is made for the purpose of showing the success of thedepartment, and, with the vigilancenow being used in enforcing thelaw, its receipts will continue togrow and very likely encourage extravagance of its funds unlesssome legal restrictions are placedupon their authority."The total receipts of the department from 1912 through 1918amounted to S244,858.81 and thetotal disbursements amounted to$223,974.44.o$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is atleast one . dreaded, disease .that science has been able to cure in all Itsstages and that is catarrh. Catarrhbeing greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally andacts through the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system therebydestroying the -foundation of thedisease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. ,Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c. (feb-adv)oNew "Science." fPhnrflftPr rpnrtfncr )rr rtrnlet-a tnllttTlT 'e.rttAM ..VkSnV. I... Jic o-icm: W1UI.-J1 jms come iL.roelng recently. According to a "waist'Xpert," the, girl who is possessed ofi short waist has a lively, frank andivacious disposition, is ambitious and-ery thoughtful of others. The longaisted miss is economical, but, unfortunately, she is not always theowner of 'the sweetest of tempers.Aie you a bad back victipn?Suffer twinges; headaches, dizzyspells7Go to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few suspectthe kidneys.It's surprising how few knowwhat to do.Kidney trouble needs kidneytreatment.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thekidneys only. Ask your neighbor.Have convinced Paris people oftheir merit.Here's a Paris case; Paris testimony. Kidney sufferers hereabouts shouldread it.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 326 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co. and from the benefit I received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable kidney remedy.Whenever my kidneys have actedirregularly or my back hasbeen weak and lame, I have used abox or so of Doan's Kidney Pills.They have always relieved me of thecomplaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oIMPORTANT CLUB MEETINGDAY AT UNIVERSITYOne of the important events ofthe week will be the District convention of the Kentucky Federationof women's Clubs, to be held in Lexington, at the University of Kentucky. The Women's Club of theUniversity will be hostess, and Mrs.W. T. Lafferty is chairman of theCommittee on Arrangements. Thesessions will be held in the chapelof the University. Miss Ada MayCromwell, of Frankfort, DistrictChairman, will preside at the morning session. Under the call for reports of State Federation ChairmanMrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, ofParis, will report on "Civics." Mrs.Allie Dickson, of North Middletown,will respond to the address of welcome. oCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.. -" - - t t m ml wiiIpSI -fry inPftBBF r mm UK BBft" mmSi m Bk mmmmmmmmmSmWMl M E Wl HJyffilE?;!y,5?g ?. StmilmmmJmMmmmmOLD CLOTHES "TDIED IDE I Your figure- 1linil PADIirilTO ' I Tevery woman's ure belongs to a certain type. IIlLlI UnlimLllIu I .Every type has its distinctive contour, its lines to Ijimprove, its grace to enhance. t 9S It is this lav that our graduate corsetieres follow in mI their fitting. 9I HBLV HBppj corset shop S;H 'SBftftW mXM&Kmi&iS&iwm&S ,-'Ai- - iitc v cry gyML mWWmW .mn.- IwsSlftraKarfPK&itouf iBiHflbtflail fcig-jyr wgna& . tMON; ;rTlinmAJ 1Vm.)) nV. TUJ.J ijLsicuuuuu . xrjrca xuiu. xoucu,Shabby Apparel Into NewDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The" Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a Jmlstftkt.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)There are people who never havea movement of the bowels without itis produced by a cathartic. Most ofthem have brought that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremeant to relieve. A mild laxativea ; tonic like Chamberlain's Tablets affords a gentle movement of the bowels that you hardly realize has beenproduced by a medicine, and theiruse is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.(feb-adv). oA pearl necklace valued at Sl.-The Mocking' Bird.No two mocking bird families canoccupy the same tree or bush andthere are some lively scraps beforetheir territorial boundaries are established; but once settled, their peacetreaty is faithfully kept The mocking bird never forgets that he is astar in the musical world. He willhelp pick out the building place andlay the foundation of the nest; thenhe suddenly seems to make up hismind that he is a poor architect, but afine musician, and abandons housebuilding for the business of singing forhis own little world.oKindness in Business.It is a great privilege to have anopportunity many times a day, in thecourse of your business, to do a kindness which iz not to bo paid for. Graciousness c2 demeanor is a large partof the duty of any official person whocomes in contact with the world.Where a man'L business Is, there isthe place for his religion to manifesfitself. Helps.000 four years ago would cost f5,000 to-day.In our exclusivecorset shoDone of the veryfew west of NewYork you willfind a modelwhich is designed for yourtype of figure,priced from$2.50 up.Our completestock permitsyou to obtain amodel that insures a faultlessness x fit andcomfort andfigure improving qualities notto be had in anyother way.If inconvenient for you to call, use oar prompt, efficient Correspondence Service. Send for Spring Style Folder. Mail Ordersreceive careful attention. Out of town charge accounts solicited.'Parisian Corset Sforecorner RACE and OPERA PJLACZ ascamxnftwK--symfmWrFills A Long Felt WantTwo Creams In OneThe nourishing quality of TissueCream with bleaching propertiesof Whitening are united inMarinelloCombination CreamThis preparation may be" used foreither day or night cream. Fullexplanation and booklet Free.M. A. PATONPhopft 1010 516 MainggsiH-i, - ai.,juaj;j::a". i mwtmHeadquarters For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mivArf -rWrl- alar ttt;fertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Office Opposite Paris TobaccowarenouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 2S7inntimma iflikt is.vSVSVEVeVGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleaoant Streets, Paris, Ky- ? -HiXiieiAi3HXIX:IX-IIXr. .S.v..'t tt ?thMk qfei --r; iiiJr - KV 3" -- &g'wv:-VTC lA. 1sX.as , - .'JFBIDAY, FEBRUARY 27j 1920.Ouch! Such Pain!If It Takes You in Back,Arm, Hip or FootIt's all due to aover-abundance ofthat poison calleduric acid. The kidneys are not able tget rid of it. Suchconditions yo canreadily overcoats,and prolotfg life bjrtaking the advice itDr. Pierce, which fa,"keep the kidneys fatgood order. Avoidtoo much meat, alcohol or tea. Drinkplenty of pore water,preferably tot water,before raeak, anddrive the uric acidout of the system bytaking Anuric." Thta'Vcan be obtained atalmost any drue store, in tablet form. &ndwHl dissolve uric acid as hot coffee dissolves"sugar.You know that before an insurance oompy will take, a risk on your life the-examining physician will test your waterad raport whether you are a good risk.You should send a bottle of water to thhemiat at Dr. Pierce's Invalids Hotel,Buffalo, N. Y., and you will receive freemedical advice as to whether the kidneysare affected. When your kidneys get sluggish and clog, you suffer from backache,sick-headache, dizzy spells, or twinges andpains of lumbago, rheumatism and gout; orsleep is disturbed two or throe times anight. Get Dr. Pierce's Anuric (anti-uric-acid),for it will put new life into your kidneys aad entire system You will feel full ofvim, vigor and vitality, instead of tireil,dragged-out and blue.Lexington, Ky.: "Dr. Pierce's Anurio(anti-uric-acid) is an excellent medicinefejf.kidney trouble of any sort. I had beenhaving kidney ailments for some little time;they would become congested and inactive,causing me to suffer with backaches. Ilearned of 'Anuric and by theuse of thismedicine all my kidney trouble has beencumulated; my kidneys are acting in' anormal condition and all backache hasleft me." B. F. HAMBRICK. 560Pemberton Ave."GREAT GOD!" SAID THE WOODCOCK, AKDJFLEW!William Jennings Bryan for President and William Ashley Sundayfor Vice President.That is the ticket that will benamed by the "drys" if the Republicans and Democrats name "wet"candidates; at least, that's whatRev. "Billy" Sunday announced atNorfolk, Va.Also he said that if this ticketshould he elected William H. Anderson, superintendent of the AntiSaloon League in New York, will ben aimed ambassador to Great Britain.PERIODIC BILIOUS ATTACKSPersons subject to periodic biliousAttacks will observe that their appetite faUs them just before an attack.That is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it is meal time.Tf they will eat only a light mealand no pieat, then take two ofChamberlain's Tablets the attackmay-be avoided.(feb-adv)Exceptionally NiceLot of 1GrapeFruit10ceachiK rira. L.ma' vaau i' III!Grocery111 Opposite Court House5 Paris, Ky.A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the sea-son's-lateststyles in extragooq values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOIXSTEIH, Proprietor619 Main Street '- S; SPECIAL!:nH llllGIRLS FORCED TO STOP SELLING SOAP ON STREETS.For the first time in the historyof Smith College, citizens of Northampton, Mass., and the vicinity,and the college authorities havecome to odds regarding the collegepolicy, when a number of residentsof Northampton, .Easthampton andWestfield openly declared they disapproved of Smith College studentspeddling their wares of soap andcleansing fluids through the streetsof these cities in the aid of theirdrive tor the Smith endowmentfund of $4,000,000. .The young women, among whomis Miss Anne S. Molloy, of Lexington, well-known here, where she hasfrequently visited, have canvassedfrom house to house and have hadremarkable success in their efforts,but the joint protests from a fewcitizens, evidently firm believers inthe old blue laws and with but little sense of fairness, have causedthe entire campaign to be withdrawn, thus averting what promisedto become a grave crisis throughcourt action.The protests, which came almostas soon as the young women appeared on the streets, was not at firsttaken seriously, but later as theygrew in volume even in the face ofGovernor Coolidge's stand of approval and praise at his home, thecollege authorities deemed it wiseto have this method of campaigning cease.ENABLES HER TOT;Henkle Says Wife Improved SoMuch On Taking Tanlac SheBoasts of Her Health"After years of suffering Tanlacsure put my wife in a fine state ofhealth and she often boasts of howwell she is feeling," said George H.Henkle, of 1302 Eastlands avenue,Nashville, Tenn."For years," he continued, "shewas almost a confirmed dyspepticand she suffered also from a nervousaffection. Right after meals gaswould form on her sto(mach, whichkept her in distress most all thetime. She always had to be mostcareful about her eating and wastroubled at times with dizziness andswimming of the head. For a longtime she had wanted to take a tripNorth, but couldn't do so -on account of her condition."When she saw Tanlac advertisedand so many people endorsing it, shedecided to try it and found alrmostimmediate relief. Tanlac gave herc fine appetite and put her stomachin fine shape so she could eat andesnjoy her meals without havingany trouble afterwards. She hasn'tcomplained of dizziness or swimmingof the head since starting on it andthat nervous condition has alsoquite disappeared. Tanlac builther up so Fhe was enabled to take atrip North, where she was gone fouranonths, and she was not sick aminute of the whole time she wasaway. She is delighted with whatTanlac has done for her and thinksthere is no other (medicine like it.".Tanlac is sold in Paris by the People's Pharmacy. (adv)ARMY ESSAY AND SLOGAN CONTEST. A board consisting of Major General Charles P. Summerall, Commandrng the First Division, UnitedStates Army, Brigadier GeneralJames M. Deweese, the AdjutantGeneral of Kentucky, and Mr.Heniy DeHaven Moorman, StateIComjmander of the American Legion,have consented to act as judges inthe "Army Efsay and Slogan Con-test" to be written by the schoolchildren in this district on February ?0, 1920.A list of special prizes to be offer-j ed, by the merchants of Louisvillemay be seen m the columns of theLouisville Times.FOR THE CHILDREN.Too much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful druir andmost effectual in curing iheir coldsand coughs. Long experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. Itis a favorite with many mothers.(feb-adv)i 'everybody pray for thisBILL TO PASS! 'Appointment of a Public ServiceCommission and the delegating to itof board regularity powers over public utilities, express companies, telephone and telegraph lines, pipelines, tollbridges, boats and ferriosand cojaimon carriers not under thecontrol of Ihe Railroad Commissionare prepared in a bill offered ,in theSenate by Sena'tor Brig H. Harris, ofAshland. 'A "commission of three appointedby the" Governor and drawing salaries of $5,000 a year each, is provided. The license tax of $60,000is to be apportioned among the corporations causing control of thecommission, to meet its expenses.Governor Morrow is understoodto endorse the bill.One thing which such a commission might accomplish is reductionof costs of natural gas. Gas fromthe Kentucky fields is sold in WestVirginia at 20 cents a thousand feetand for 35 cents in Kentucky. arossthe Big Sandy. West Virginia hasa public service commission.; o-Paris wasthe first city in which"fire eccapes w.ere ;used, the .date being 1761.NIPTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYThe Smaller Cars and thesWorld's Most Popular TiresMHiitHNuiminft I&30x312 Goodyear Single-CureFabric, Anti-Skid TreadFALL OVER NOWThis Man Tells How Vola-TonicBuilt Up His Bun-DownSystem."Vola-Tonic built up my systemafter I had been weak and rundown for over a year and I want torecommend this medicine," saidGeorge Hill, of 204 Warner street,Cincinnati, O."About a year ago my system gotin a weakened, run down condition.My strength and energy seepned tobe about gone. My nerves got outof order and I couldn't sleep rightor get the proper rest."I work in a shipping departmentnd it was about all I could do toget my duties done in my weakenedcondition."It seamed that nothing wouldhelp me. I triecU several medicines,but without results."Then I heard about Vola-Tonicand decided 'to give this medicine atrial. 1 am on (my fourth bottle ofVola-Tonic now and I feel like a different, person.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength."brings a good appetite and good digestion. It helps the stomach takestrengthening nutrition frcp food tonourish and build up the brokendown tissues and ailing organs ofbody. Vola-Tonic also soothes thenerves and permits sound, energyrestoring sleep at night. As a result, full normal strength andhealth soon come to the weakened,run-down man 01 woman.Vola-Tonic is being especially, introduced in Paris at Varden &Son's. (adv)HONEY BACKA-uhoiu quettonif Huht'Slfails in thetrralfrrntof EcctmaTenr. Ringworm, Itch, rtrDon't become dureureerd becwe other treatments fai'edHunt' fialva ha rrlicvcd htm1red of such cae. You can'toie on our Monry Bothguarantee. Try I at our rtkDAY Pnri" Tc at ,For Sale byL. OBBRDORFER.Druggist,; Paris, Ky.EELINGUKEA NEW PERSONKZEHA1i iminninni mr .mi'-wtm. i i;mt;miKi.w. fsighifituM.3jmi nrr&k30x3 Goodyear Double-Cure "oOFabric, All-Weather Tread ZVcheap$1765thanWHAT'S THE MATTER HERE?Surrounding counties are havingpublished in their local papers aj complete list of dog owners, andthe number of animals on whicheach owner pays taxes and hastaken out license. These lists areaccompanied with the certificationof the County Clerk to the effectthat the above is a true and complete list," etc., etc. The KentuckyPress Association, at its jmid-wintersession, held in Louisville, in discussing the laxity of county officialsin regard to publication of countyaffairs, made special reference tothis dog tax list. When will theBourbon county list be given out,we wonder?roDOLLARS AND CEHTS.Counting it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man may not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better if he did.It takes about ten days to get completely rid of a cold under the usualtreatment. That time can be. muchshortened by taking Chamberlain's! Cough Remedy and proper care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thislemedy in the house Is a mightygood investment during the winterand spring months.' (feb-adv)To abort a coldand prevent complications, takeThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.PriceSc.lalotabsiffHUHqty r -3 nmtiwmituimtumnmftfimmfNo tires bearing the Goodyear name,not eventhe famous Goodyear Cords which equip theworld's highest-priced cars, embody a higherrelative, value than do Goodyear Tires inthe 30x3-, 30x3-, and 31x4-inch sizes.In these tires owners of Ford, Chevrolet,Dort, Maxwell, and other cars taking thesesizes, are afforded a measure of performanceand service such as .only the world's largesttire factory devoted to these sizes can supplyAll that this company's experience andmethods have accomplished in these tires isavailable to you now at the nearest GoodyearService StationGo to this Service Station Dealer for thesetires and for Goodyear Heavy TouristTubesHe has themGoodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are thick, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with, atuber Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes costtubes of less merit. 30x3 size in water'Furs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin BrM.Paris, Kentucky. A K TiBrj Tl TaaaaP aaaaaaaaaa afcHard Wbrk; Tirfcsmuscles and nerves,and then 0 whip iherhwith coffee, with, itsdru caffeine, maizesa -bad matter worse .PostumCerealis a drink for workers.I that contains no- dmd,but furnishes a finely flavored bevera&e. full-bodiedand robust, pleasind toformer coffee drinkers.. Two sizes At grocersUsually sold at 25 &15Postum Cereal'Cov.Battle Creek.Mich.!Send That Next JobBourbon News. BestPAGE SEVEN ivIVflittle more$390J :off Printing to TheWork; Right PricesVVVjJSI" ''I-Ji. uciv - ' . .. tiV Jlr r:J V:. WN v - - fltLL --",-?--f-vl Ws' tfp. tv4 , 1Wz .1 ,.'"tr, 7PAGE EIGHT, THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYf FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, im.THF Ai AMfl Ain DADI& fiDAUIl ll- AJ::: Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 3fcMILLERSBURGDEATHS.- -'--V i -v viviv fUliild51UllChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2tcrl:uSr"Th.e Twentieth Centrury ClubtvIH meet with the Misses Mclntyre,Saturday afternoon.Miss Ruth McClintock was theguest of Mrs. Mainline, of Mt. Sterling, Wednesday and Thursday.Prof. Arnold has returned fromLouisville, where his wife recentlyunderwent" an opeiation. Mrs. Araold is doing nicely.Dr. and Mrs. H. M. Boxley havemoved to rooms in the house of Mr.M. D. Hurst, from the property. ofMr. J. C. Jefferson, on. Main street.Mrs. A. S. Best and Miss RuthMcClintock are attending the District Convention of the FederatedWdnen's Clubs, at Lexington, today. Mrs. W. M. Miller has movedfrom her home, recently sold to Mr.T. W. Current, to her property vacated by Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Leggett. . Mrs. W. F. Carpenter, of Lexington, sold ler household goodshere Wednesday afternoon. TheMine has been in the home of Dr.H. M Boxley, which was the property of Mrs. Carpenter, and recentlysold by her to Mr. Jefferson. Everythi-Tig brought good prices.THE SIGK Dr. C. B. Smith,who is confined at Massie Hospital,Paris, with double pneumonia, issomewhat improved. Mr. J, P. Redmon is ill with scarlet fever. Hislittle daughter, Marguerite, is critically ill with kidney trouble, as theresult of scarlet fever. Severalmetnbers of the family of Mr. HenryBowling are confined to their homewith grippe. Messrs. E. M. Ingelsand R. L. Powell are among the newcases of grippe. Little Misr, Katherine Jones, who has been ill for several weeks with pneumonia at thehome of her grandmother, Mrs.Adah McClintock, is improvingaloely and is now able to be aboutthe room. Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Caldwell, who have been confined totheir Glomes with the "flu," are inproving. Mr. William Ritchie, whoreturned some daj's ago from theGood Samaritan Hospital, Lexington, where he underwent an operation, is improving nicely. Miss Rob-STOKELEY.The funeral of Miss MollieStokeley, aged sixty-four, who diedat her home in Cynthiana, was heldin Battle Grove Cemetery, with services conducted at the grave by Rev.J. D. Artnistead. Miss Stokeley wasa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JacobStokeley, and was born in Bourboncounty. She is survived by twobrothers, and one siser, Mrs. DoraThompson, with whom she 'resided.. ROBERTS.Mrs. Lizzie Keller'Robefts, agediliirty-two, died at her home nearGynthiana, Tuesday, "after an illnessof but a few days, from pneuionia.Mrs. Roberts was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Albert Rice, of near Paris,and was born in this county in-1886.She was married to Walter Lee Roberts in Bourbon county in 1902.She is survived by her husband, hermother, three children, and one sister, Mrs. Jesse McCord, the latter residing in this county. The funeralwas held Wednesday afternoon, withservices conducted at the gave inBattle Grove Cemetery, in Cynthiana, by Rev. J. D. Armistead.received ,herefrom Cincinnati, statingP03NER.A message wasWednesdaythat A. S. Posner, the venerable father of the Posner Bros., shoe merchants, of this city, had died at hishome there after a short illness ofpneumonia. Mr. Posner had beenengaged in business in Cincinnatifor several years, and was one ofthe most highly-respected Jewishmerchants in the Queen City. Thejmessage gave no further details.He is survived by three sons, BenPosner, of Paris, who is a patient atthe Jewish Hospital, in Cincinnati,where he went after a period oftime spent in the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, .Charles Posr.er, of ' Paris, and Middletown, O.,and Jake Posner, who is at presentconducting the Cohen Shoe Store inMaysville.TODAY, FRIDAYDOUG. FAIRBANKSllSiitWhen the Clouds Roll By"How would you like to be married onthe roof of a house in a flood of water?PEARL WHITE in The Black Secret'and Mutt and Jeff Comedy"Oil Wells"Tomorrow, SaturdayMARY MILES MINTERINUudy of Rogue's Harbor'A thrilling story of Youth, Love andFaith.also- ."Snub" Pollard Comedy"Tough Luck"Monday, March 1stJ. Stuart Blackton's ScreenMasterpiece"The Common Cause"The story with a laugh, a thrill and athrob. All-star cast, including HerbertRawlings and Sylvia Bremer.Also FATTY ARBUCKLE, in "Back Stage"and Burton Holmes Travel Picture.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon .and Eveningfour o'clock, after a short illness ofpneumonia. The body was broughtlo the home of his sister, Mrs. PerryJ. McCord, on Clifton avenue, inthis city, where services were conducted at four o'clock yesterday afternoon. The burial took place inthe Paris Cemetery beside the bodyof his brother, Robert Eiddle, whodied of the same disease at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday.Besides his sister, Mrs. McCord,Mr. Biddle is survived by his widow,Mrs. Bessie Ingram Biddle, threechildren, his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Richard Biddle, and six brothers,one of whom, Richard Biddle, Jr.,resides near Paris.DAYPIPER.Miss Bettie Piper, aged seventy-one,died at three o'clock yester-I day jmorning at the home of her sis-ter, Mrs. lieorge b. Mincer,bie Ritchie, daughter of Mr. William South Main street, of general de-Rtchie, is ill with the "flu" at the bility.Midwav Orphan School. There is Miss Piper was a native of Bour-id to be quite a good deal of iiu inibon county, a daughter of Alfredi2 school, which is temporarilym upended. All of the young ladieswao are able, have returned to theirhomes. Miss Berry returned frc.nthere Tuesday.ONLY TWO MORE DAYS.Tmrrow is tht last day totake advantage of the 25discount being offered by us oneverything in our store. Todayand tomorrow last chances.Save one-fourth by buying before it is tuo late.E. M. WHEELER,' Robneel Building.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCali Sale early. We save youTHE J. T. HINTON CO.and Jane Piner. who resided formany years near Hutchison. She issurvved by her sister, Mrs. Minter,three nieces, Mrs. Charles Burns,Mrs. Edward Smart, and Mrs. Edward Brannon, all of Paris and threenephews, Edgar Minter, HarryMinter and Earl Minter, all of Lexington. The funeral will be held at theresidence of Mrs. Minter, on SouthMain street, at 2:30 o'clock thisafternoon, with services conductedby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The burialwill follow in the Paris Cnetery.The pall-bearers will be: G. Edgar Minter, Early T. Minter, HarryL. Minter, Chas. H. Burns, EdwardH. Brannon and Edward B. Smart.After an illness of but a fewdays. Mrs. Anna Day, aged twentyone, died at her home on the CaneRidge pike, near Paris, at teno'clock, Monday night, of pneumonia. Mrs. Day was the wife of Forrest Day, and a daughter of Mr. andMrs. "W. B. Dodson, of near Paris.Besides her husband, Forrest Day,and her parents, Mr. and Mrs. "W. B.Dodson, she is survived by onebrother, Willie n Dodson, and threesisters. Mrs. Artie Mullen, Mrs.Mamie Ransdall and Miss Dovie Dodson, all residing in the Centervillevicinity.The funeral was held yesterdayon j morning, me cortege leaving thehome at 9:30 o'clock, and going tothe Centerville Methodist church,where .services were conducted ateleven o'clock by Rev. C. H. Mattox.The burial followed in the ParisCemetery.BIDDLE.Curtis L. Biddle, aged thirty, awell-known and prosperous fart.nerresiding near Loradale, in Fayettecounty, died Wednesday morning atBBBBBBaBF'aLyHut'HEiH". MHdiiji A"V "" VrVPyC?C?? ?(??QC?Q??NEW AND OLDLOVE SONGSThatEverybody LoveswwwwwwwwON M jd)si$4 PHONOGRAPHifm RECORDS3K?iK r svm KSbjEV--i.?NEW LOVE SONGSSvveer KissesHawaiian Lullaby ....Wonderful Pal . . . ' .On the Trail to Santa Fc .I Never KnewFm Like a Ship Without a SailRomany Where Love Runs WildArizona MonaYour Eyes Have Told Me SoWeeping Willow LaneOLD LOVE SONGSCorain' Thru' the Rye ....The Wind's in the SouthRose in the BudHoming .., ,Robin Adair .The Moon HasAbove .215312242:2261-J 2226!22)0L ,eRaised Her Lamp 401852500927513Annie Laurie . ,v . .1Ye Banks and Braes o' Bonnie Doon f401SSSilver Threads Among the GoldWe've Been Chums for Fifty YeFifty YearsCome inland hear them todayl 25004JROSS.Mrs. W. J. Ross, a fonmer resident of ,Bourbon county, died Tuesday at her home in Chattanooga,Tenn.. where she had resided formany years. Mrs. Ross was formerly Miss Pearl Gorham, and resided in the North Middletown vicinity. She is survived by her husband, W. J. Ross, of Chattanooga,Tenn.. two sisters, Mrs. W. R. Calvert, of Louisville, and Mrs. Rednion Talbott, of near North Middletown, one brother, Chas. H. Gorhafci, of Louisville, and a half-sister,Mrs. Sabrie, of Louisville.The body was brought to ParisParis yesterday morning, and takento the undertaking establishmentof George W. Davis. From therethe funeral cortege proceeded toNorth Middletown, where the funeral services were conducted at thegrave at eleven o'clock, by Rev. F.M. Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church. The pall-'bearers were Winston Hart, AshtonGilkey, R. M. Gilkey, Henry S. Cay-wood. J. W. Jones. F. V. Feather-,stone and Chas. Hagan.WYATT.Brooks & SnappFollowing a brief illness due topneumonia George W. Wyatt, Jr.,aged thirty-three, one of the bestknown young farmers in the county,died at his home, near RuddlesMills, in this county, at an earlyhour Tuesday morning. Mr. Wyattwas taken ill on Monday, and hisdeath coming with such suddennesswas a shock to his many friends.He was a son of Mr. and Mrs. Geo.W. Wyatt, Sr., of near Paris, andwas a young jman whose fciany likeable qualities made him highly esteemed by all who knew him. Hewas industrious, a home-lover, agentleman in every sense ofthe word,, and few young menin the county had a larger circle of friends. For several years hehad been engaged in farming on hisplace near Ruddles Mills, a part ofthe original Wyatt farhi.Mr. Wyatt is survived by his widow, forjmerlj Miss Westie Boardman, daughter of Mrs. J. U. Boardman, of this city, and four children,J. U. Wyatt, G. W. Wyatt, Chas. E.Wyatt and Ann Elizabeth Wyatt,his parents, Mr. and Mrs. George W.Wyatt, of near Paris, and three sisters. Mrs. Ivan Soper, of near LittleRock, Misses Martha and LouiseWyatt, of Paris. A half-brother.Lerpy Eubank, of Slater, Mo., alsosurvives him.The body was prepared for burialand was brought Tuesday to thehome of his parents, on Twelfthstreet. The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with services conducted by Revf. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The burial followedon the family lot in the" Paris Cemetry. The pall-bearers were ElliottGilvin, Arthur Linville, JamesDodge Grover Baldwin, Dr. Raymond McMillan and Hiram S. Redman. o, BUY EARLY.Attend our February, and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.6WONDERFUL CHANCE TO BUY' TOOLS.j Attend Sheeler's sale and buytools, as you will have no place toborrow after sale. See advertise-We.nt. ' l v - (tdRELIGIOUS.In observance of the Lentenseason all day services were conducted Tuesday at the Presbyterian,Baptist, Christian and Episcopalchurches.The membership contest whichlias been in progress in the Intermediate and Senior Departments ofthe Christian church for some tijmehas taken on new life. The boyshave made quite an increase sincelast Sunday.Rev. Gray McAllister, of Louisville, will deliver a' lecture on "TheBible" in the Sunday School room ofthe Presbyterian church, on nextMonday afternoon at two o'clock.This lecture is to be given under theauspices of the Women's Clubs ofthe city. All club members are ''invited and expected to attend.Services will be held at theGhristian church, Sunday at theusual hours. The pastor, Rev. W. E.Ellis, will preach at the morningservice, 10:45, on the subject:''Promises." His subject for theevening service, at 7:30, will be:"Possibilities." Sunday school at9:30 a. m.' BAPTIST CHURCH The pastor, Rev. Arthur Fox, will speak atthe morning hour on "The UnfailingJroof of Discipleship." At the evening hour he will preach on "Gambling, Legalized and Illegal." Sunday School 9:30 a. m., Junior andSenior B. Y. P. U., 6. p. m. 'Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m. A cordial invitation is extended the public.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR Sunday, 8:30 a. on., BibleSchool; 10:45 a. m.. Morning Worship: 6: SO p. m.. Christian Endeavor; 7:30 p. m.. Evening Worship.Monday, 7:30 p. m., Male ChorusPractice.Tuesday, 1:30 p. m.. Mission Circle Executive Meeting; 2:30 p. m.,Mission Circle; 7: SO p. m., ChoirPractice.Wednesday, 3:30 p. m.. TriangleClub; 3:30 p. m., Treble Clef Club;7:30 p. m.. Prayer Meeting.Friday. 2:30 p. m., MissionarySociety; 7:30 p. m.. Choir 'Practice.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.At the I lorning service, Sunday,Rev. T. S. Smylie will be installedas pastor of the Presbyterian churchof Paris. At a meeting of EbenezerPresbytery some weeks ago Rev. S.B. Lander, of Carlisle, was appointcded to preside, propound the constitutional questions, Rev. W. W.Morton, of Millersburg, -was appointed to clvirge the congregation.Rev. W. N. Guerrant was appointedto charge the pastor, and Mr. S. L.Weathers was selected to representfth elders on the commission. Dr. J.G. McAllister. Professor of Bible inthe Kentucky Theological Seminary,of Louisville, will preach the installation sermon. Dr. McAllister hassupplied the church here while itwas without a pastor, and his manyfriends will welcome him and lookforward with interest to hearinghSm again. Dr. McAllister, will alsopreach at the night service. Thehours of service are: SundaySchool, 9:30 a. m.; Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.; Preaching 11:00a. m. and 7:15 p. m. Special mubicby the quartette.. oC0ME EARLYGoods are very scarce. Attendour Cash 'February and March Saleearly. Our sale is a real sale 20off regular prices. Can you get thisanv place else?THE J. T. HINTON CO.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oMATRIMONIAL.REMEMBERThe Paris Child Who Has No Music inHis or Her HomewvCWant Two New Victrolas ando25Well Selected Records in tire Paris PublicSchooleEryl OrchestraFrom the Redpath LyceumHas been engaged for a concert at the High School Auditoriumon the evening ofFriday, February 27th, at 8:15Here is your, chance to invest 50 cents in a larger life forParis children. Help us sell this concert to the largest audienceever attending a Lyceum attraction ln-Paris,LEE KIRKPATRICK, Superintendent.ifcv)OU R employers,the public, havefound us to be reliable and capable.The quality -of theservice rendered byus reflects creditupon our profession.Dus renecis creaitupon our profession. I I8Mltll'ilMi1IM4Mlf;HullMlHlWM-aJWSnpA fmairiage license wa" issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to" JamesSharpe, 21, Lawrenceburg, and MissLida Biven, 23, Bourbon county.A marriage license was issuedWednesday by County Clerk PearcePaton to Clarence Cassity, 24, Paris,and Miss Thekua Toadvine, 16,Route 4, Paris. The girl's father,W. A. Toadvine, accompanied thecouple and gave his consent lo theissuance of the license.HxVRDWICK RATLIFF.Otho E. Ratlin; and Miss BessieHard wick, both of Carlisle, securedv, marriage license in that city,Wednesday afternom, and came toParis, where they- were married.The brfae a ic cT?n.yhor of Mr.and Mrs: W. T. Ilardwick, and thegroom is, the son of Mr. and, Mrs. T. IW. Ratliff, of Nicholas county.31-"'".Sl'l'tiUThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectrie Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, iigg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERET. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURTHOUSEMimtttstitm"' - JI$f.XXIf4w,, "'?S' ;'"0 ; -Sj ,t-&'J