I- - vBOURBON-vyy -.-; x,iJTHENEWSV" T,$!-W fjV-. j"VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY Jft THE YEAR.A-VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1920LABGE DAMAGE SUIT AGAINSTPROMINENT PEOPLEA suit asking for damages in thesum of $100,000 for alleged alieation of affections of her husband,Douglas K. Clay, has been filed inthe office of Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb, in this city, by Mrs. JaneAdalns Clay, against Mrs. Sallie M.Clay, of Paris. The amount askedfor in the petition is said to be thelargest ever presented in similar litigation m this CouTt. Mrs. Clay isat present at the home of her parents, in Frankfort.A suit for divorce from Douglas K. Clay has been filed in thesame office by Mrs. Jane AdamsClay, the petition alleging cruel andinhuman tieatment. The papers inhoth cases were prepared by thelegal fiiLn of Hinton, Bradley &Bradley, of Paris, representing theplaintiff. The .defendant will berepresented by JE. M. Dickson.MAUCH TERM OF -BOURBON CIR--GUITCOURT.The March term of the BourbonCircuit Court will convene on Monday, March 8, for a three-weeks' session. The docket for this term ismade up as follows: Old equitycases, 20.3 old equity appearences,4 0; old ordinary cases, 59; old ordinary appearances, 46. The commonwealth docket comprises thirtycases, said to be the smallest thathas ever been called in this court.Only a few of these cases will standfor trial. About seven examiningtrials have been filed for the GrandJury to pass upon. On the docketthere are ten divorce suits. A number of suits of varying nature havebeen filed for hearing at this term,but .none are of a sensational naturethat would interest the general publis. The Court has a very busy termin prospect.GOOD WORK SHOES. GOOD WORKJCLOTHES.FDo you know we sell good workshoes and work clothes of all kindsfor men and boys? We sell themlor less of course.TWIN BROS.' MEN'S STORE.619 Main Street,L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.mar2-2t)NEW AUTO OWNERS.W. M. Phillips, of Lexington, reports the sale of a franklin aouringcar to J. O. Marshall, of Paris.Smith Bros., of Lexington, reportssale of a 2 -ton Armleder truck tothe Mansfield-Jefferson Lumber Co..of Paris. The Mammoth Garage, ofthe same place, sold recently to Mrs.Jasper Offutt, of near Paris, aSpecial Six Studebaker Sedan.FRANLADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGPolo Coat's ," fSuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children;s Jack TarTogs .Silk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatistesWaists Plain and Fancy SkirtsFRANK- Xadies outfitters: r .. . -PUBLIC SALES.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney conducted the public sale Saturday on thepremises on the Winchester pike,near Paris, for Miss Letitia Clay, oflivestock, etc. Horses sold for $60to $75; cows, $55 to $80; one sowand eight pigs, $75; chickens, $J.50each; household effects and farmingimplements brought good prices.Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofthe firm of Harris & Speakes, conducted the public sale Friday afternoon, on the premises, near Hutchison, of the livestock, crop, etc., belonging to Hamilton Willett. Therewas a large crowd in attendance,and tgood prices wre realized.Horses sold from $15 to $18 a head;head; baled hay, $40 a ton; sheafoats $41.25 a ton; corn in crib$9.75 a barrel; 125 chicken henssold for $1.15 each; turkey hens, $5each; one turkey gobbler, $8.Farming implements brought verygood prices.Good prices were realized Saturday at the sale of livestock, crop,etc., belonging to U. G. and M. C.Saunders, conducted on the premises, near Paris, by Auctioneer Chas.Peters, of Flemingsburg. Horsesbrought from $25 to $280 a head;sheep, $20 to $27.80 a head; hags,3 4 cents a pound; cows, $120 to$170 'a head; two-year-old mules,$125 to $150 a head; farming impplements brought good prices. Theattendance was good, despite thedisagreeable weather.NOTES FROM tTHE PARIS HIGHSCHOOL.The Paris High School has againincreased her lead in the State Y. M.C. A. Bible study contest. Parisnow stands twenty-six points aheadof the next school in the race, making gains of twelve points last week.Two beautiful silver loving supswill be given the winning schools inthis contest by the State Y. M. C. A.The Kryl Orchestra, from theRedpath Lyceum Bureau, gave thethird entertainment in the Paris Lyceum Course at the Paris HighSchool auditorium Friday evening.By far the largest audience of theseason was present and the concertwas enjoyed by everyone. There isno organization before the Americanpeople of to-day of this type that excels the Kryl Orchestra.On next Saturday, March 5, Dr.Coldmon, one of the foremost pastors of Brooklyn, New York, will behere for a lecture, making the fourthof the series. It has been a longlime since Paris-has had a moredistinguished visitor.. -oSUBSCRIBE-AND BE LIBERAL ABOUT ITLet's finish up the campaign.Help us finish this week by subscribing "liberally.K& CO.."7&:CO.rCOUNTY REPUBLICANS MEET INMASS CONVENTION.Pursuant. to call Bourbon CountyRepublicans met in mass convention in this city at the court houseSaturday afternoon at 1:30 o'clock,for the purpose of selecting delegates to attend the State Convention to be held in Louisville,, and toselect a new county committee andofficers to serve for the ensuingyear.The convention was called to order by Stamps Moore, Chairman protern who presided in the absence ofhis brother, N. A. Moore, CountyChairman. The call for the convention was read by the Secretary,Winn Hutchcraft. A series of resolution approving the administration of Governor Edwin P. Morrow,endorsing his policies, and congratulating the party upon its chance to.Tif4me a successor to President Woodrow Wilson, and other matters ofcounty, State and National importance, was offered by Judge H. ClayHoward. The resolutions wereadopted by a unanimous vote of theconvention.The county organization was effected by the selection of W. A.Thomason, of the North Middletownvicinity, as Chairman of the CountyExecutive Committee, Hugh Campbell, of Paris, Secretary, and DanW. Peed, Jr., treasurer. f The following weie selected to' serve asmembers of the County Committeefrom their respective precincts:Paris No. 1, Winn Hutchcraft; Paris No. 2, James M.Templin; Paris No. 3, StampsMoore; Paris No. 4, J. W. Oakley;Paris No. 5, Geo. H. Johnson; ParisNo. 6, Chas. P. Mann; MillersburgNo. 1, Albert Moffett; MillersburgNo. 2, Jos. D. Booth; Little RockNo. 1, Edwin Thomson; Little RockNo. 2, Forest Day; North Middletown No. 1, J. M. Murphy; NorthMiddletown No. 2, W. R. Tuttle;Clintonville No. 1, Letcher Weathers; Clintonville No. 2, Geo. K.Jones; Hutchison No. 1, W. K. Rice;Hutchison No. 2, George Watkins;Centerville No. 1-, Dee Hume; Centerville No. 2, James Kenton; Ruddles Mills No. 1, Quincy Mahorney;Ruddles Mills No. 2, Rolla Kenton.The following "fere selected asdelegates to attend the State Convention in 'Louisville: W. A. Thomason, N. A. Moore, M. R. Jacoby,tt. -nr -n.. m i. r,uiiPeed, Jr., John Yerkes, Carl Snapp,Letcher Weathers, Frank Clay, H.T Ingram. James Stivers, Ed. Gorey, jV. G. Gcodloe, James Templin, IStanton Runmans, Dr. M. H. Dailey,A. J. Fee, Douglas Clay, Sam Weathers, James Grinnell, Pat Kane, C. P.Mann, George Leeds, Judge H. ClayHoward, George W. Wilder, J. H.Bell, Marion Day, Charles Doyle, J.D. Booth. George Watkins, ClayOwens, Andrew Reffett, Jr., OraWagoner, Luther Moreland, EwaltHaley, J. W. Napier, James Cleaver,Charles Kuster, Roy Lowe, RobertGoggin, George Nelson. GeorgeJohnson, James Duncan, RichardKelley, J W. Calamese, John Purr.ell, C. Alexander, J. D. McClintock, J. G. Metcalf, Robin Horton,Thomas Whaley and Elmer Shumate. In selecting Mr. W. A. Thomason,of the North Middletown precinct, asChairman of the County ExecutiveCommittee, the Republican party ofBourbon county has set a high markto be shot at. In all" the countythere is no man more highly regarded as a level-headed, courageous,I thinking and plain spoken businessI1 man, one miusi: imi ti!?wimy v.icu-merely consisted in being a straightout working Republican, alwayswith' the interest of his party atheart. He is a successful, self-nademan. coming up in the world byhard knocks, and "learning how byT 1-.1.n .J llnn.nactual experience. He is the Kentucky representative or large juasternpacking concerns, and of the ConsoliiatPri Dressed Beef Co.. of Philadelphia. Being an expert in thisj line he buys annually a large number of the best cattle in the Statefor his firms.I Mr. Thomason is one of the' fctaunchest Republicans in the coun' ty, and has given largely of his timej and means to promote the interestsiof his party in all its campaigns,county. State and National. He is aman of liberal views, and his politi-liI cal opponents have no cause to lind' fault with him for that. He does'.nnt. helieve in autocracy, but does! believe in' the. principles and faiths j1 if the Renublican party. He has associated with him as members of the!i Committee men who will respect nis'views, and work hand-in-glove withi'j'n. His position should add pres! tige to the Republican party in Kentucky and will add strength to thei ticket to be 'selected.' Republicans. oov thP riemonrats had better watchT tlj V. ..: Thomason and'their jobs.ynot go to sleep onPAY YOUR GAS & ELECTRIC BILL! NOW AND, SAVE MONEY.I Don't forget. that the 10th of the' month is -the last day to. pay yourjgas and electric bill and save the! votriiinr discount. Pay to-day dotnot put it offit saves us trouble!?md saves you money.F j PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO. .Inc..(2-t3) .BUY EARLY. .Attend- our February and,- MarcCash -'. Sal e . early. -Wc-., - saw , youjuiui m. DiBunau , nuB wuiyuwi, , The Wm piper tract of twentyStamps Moore. George W Stuart, seven acreg of unimpr0ved land, loir1? m ' ?',, ; WJ 't' Med at the intersection of theWyatt Thompson. Albert Moffett, J. ParlB and Lexington and thei?;re5S?ll?ortclnT' ST' ' TZm?u' ?an and Innis pikes, nearJ. M. Williams .1 . D. Shy, Carl -WK-, 8old b Harrishams, Winn Hutchcraft, Dan W. ! r. Qnontrsa " nnhiio ..otion Tri-moneyr iREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSHarry L. Mitchell sold Saturdayto J. G. Myers, a home and lot onKentucky avenue, in Rosedale Addition to Paris, for $1,500.Through the Harris & Speakesreal estate agency, Mrs. A. H. Barclay sold Saturday her eihgt-roomframe residence on Mt. Airy avenue,to Ed. Speakes, for $3,000.John J. Mahar sold Friday,through the Paris Realty Company'his one-story frame cottage locatedon Winchester-street, to Shirley Hagan, for $2,500, for possession earlvinis month.The frjfaie cottage on East Eighthstreet, owned by Strother Paynterwas sold privately recently to OllieSnapp for $2,000. Mr. Snapp recently sold his home on Winchesterstreet. He will move to the newhome as soon as possession is given.Sam Martin, of Bourbon county,purchased of James Glover, throughthe Scott & Adcock real estatencro,r f -iT7,--,.i,v u! i"hV-il.T. ul mnuucBLCi. nits 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -. finPendleton street, in that city, for a,,:. , . . ..' . .: viconsideration of $2,500. Possessionwill be given this week. Mr. Martin will move to the property.Through the 'George Motch realestate agency, of Winchester, G. G.Hanks sold bis property known asthe L. A. Soper general store at Little Rock, this county, and willmove to Winchester, where he hasbecome associated with the MahanSupply Co. Mr. Hanks and familywill occupy the Quisenberry homein Winchester.Auctioneer M. F3 Kenney madethe following salesvof county property q.t the court house door in thiscity Saturday morning: The coloredschool building in Ruckerville, toThomas Kelly for $830; the coloredschool in ClayQville to John M. Stuart for $605: the colored schoolbuilding in Afmentsville to E. P.Claybrook, for $130; the Sidvillecolored school building, without thelot. to Matt Holmes, for $82.& Sneakes, at publicday, to Isaac Wil.Vnott, for $450 an, d 'b prlvately by JamesMcClure the owner, to Thos. Smitft.ere. .preceding tne saie tne piacewho owns the adjoining lands for$400 an acre. Mr. Smith then resold it publicly at $4 50 an acre.iHarris &' Speakes and the ParisRealty Company held a combinationsale of city property Saturdaywith George D. Speakes and O. H.Wykoff as auctioneers. Althoughthe weather was extremely disagreeable the sale was well attended,and good prices were realized. Thesales were made in the following order: Half" of double brick house onPleasant street, to Walter Martin,for $5,500; lot on Henderson street,to Oliver Argo, for $533; two-story iframe residence on Henderson street,1o E. P. Harrison, for $4,000; fiveroom cottage on Pleasant street toJ. Walter Payne, for $4,000; flveroom'cottage on Brent street, to Oliver Argo, for $2,525; five-room cottage on South Main street, to Thos.Prather, for $2,400. The sale wasidvertised in THE BOUKiJUNi NEWgTWOFIRE ALAKE3 KEEPPARTMENT BUSY.DE-A telephone alarm yesterdaymorning called the fire departmentto the Dr. Campbell cottage on Cypress street, occupied by Mr. andMrs. Jos. Williams and Mr. and Mrs.Bishop Delaney, Sparks from a defective flue set fire to the roof, causing small blaze, wliich was promptly extinguished with sfriall propertyloss,. Yesterday afternoon the department was called by an alarmfrom Box 24 to Connelley's Alley,where a tenant house occupied bycolored people caught fire. A matchcaelessly thrown in a closet set fireto some clothing which communicated to a lot of rubbish. The fire wasextinguished by the department before it had gained much headway.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanOFtfTOfc "SUNNYLAND."Headed for the baldly' breezes andthe sunny clime of . Havana,' Cubti,Wallace W. Mitchell, cashier of the.Farmers and Traders Bank, shookthe dust of Paris fronihis"shoes andbade the city farewell 'for a" time.Mr. Mitchell goes to Cuba on ahealth-seeking and sight-seeingjaunt, and Hopes to return greatlyimproyed physically. During his ab--sence his pTace in the bank will befilled by Owen L.. rntvis. Air. Aiucnell will be accompanied- as far as St.Petersburg, Florida, by Dr. and Mrs.J. M. Williams, who will retrainthere for a short time for the benefit of Mis. Williams' health.oIn "spme parts of. Central Africato-say that a certain man eats shitis .equivalent, to, saying that he isTHE MASSIE MEMOEIAL HOSPITAL FUND.Don't stop giving just yet, butkeep th good work going until thari adly-needed $20,000, and more,has been raised," is the slogan forthe week of the Massie MemorialHospital fund solicitors. They keptto their work through all kinds ofweather, and in the face of all kindsof discouragement, but are 'bound towin through. Theirs is the spiritthat knows no shrinking, no turningback, no hesitating. That amounthas to be raised, and they are goingto get it.With "the fund rapidly approaching the goal set for it the solicitorsare redoubling their efforts. Many1 ave not yet contributed who are inposition to do so. These are askedto come forward and donate to thisworthy cause. Paris needs the Massie Hospital, and the Hospital needsthat $20,000, and more. And it isgoing to get it. Come in with yoursubscription in any nount.The following is an additional listof subscribers to the fund since thelast report:Ira Galliher $ 10.00Frank P. Kiser '. 25.00Home Telephone Co 15.00Stuart & O'Brien 25.00i i,t!j. t : ; -i nn n nl miss juizzie unuws ;;u.uu. k.Layson ,25.00Wm. M. Wright 10.00A. T. Moffett 25.00Burroughs Bros 10.00W. D. McTntyre 100.00 jO. M. Johnson 10.00R. L Wilson ". . .. 5.00G. S. Allen '. . . . 10.00James M. Buckner 15.00A. S. Thdnpson 10.00P. M. Heller 10.00James January 5.00Lilly January 5-00Harlan Roe 5.00J. T. Martin 5.00R. S. Porter 5.00Mr. and Mrs. Robert Metee. 75.00O. R. Rankin 25.00J. W. Yerkes 5.00Jess Gardner 10.00Ossian Edwards 10.00Harry Linville 5.00The Bourbon News 30.00WE WAOT YOUR EGOS.We are always in the m-.rket fort'ggs bring us yours.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.KNOCKED DOWN BY AUTOWhile playing with some companions in the street in front of theFordham Hotel, James' Delaney, atwelve-year-old boy, was knockeddown and run over by an automobiledriven by Newton Taylor. Althoughthe machine passed directly over theboy, he luckily escaped with slightbruises and a bad scare. The ladran right in front of the machine,Mr. Taylor being unaware of hispresence until he felt the shock ofThe machine striking him. ' '-WE KNOW HOWPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced.Read yrto-wear clothes in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the" necessity for economy and for. the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think- And themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-Bloch SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices. -EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give Youand Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart .Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. The materials are of the veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standardsfor America's real red-blooded men.I -1MITCHELL &. BLAKEMORE' - Ili - iMARCH COURT DAY.Slush and snow Bredominated asfeature attractions for March Court'day yesterday, to the discomfiture ofthe large crowd in the city. Verylittle stock, except work horses andthe usual run of scrub animals, onthe market. It was also "morim?day" for many tenants on the farm.this subject and the tobacco marketengrossing the attention of most oCthe Court day attendants. Amongthe sales of the day were fourteen. ',Jersey cows, sold by James and A.M. Peffer, at the Caywood & McCllntock barns, in South Paris, at goodprices.' At the Thos. G. Morris livery stable Renaker Parks, of Cynthiana, sold fifty head of draft andgeneral purpose horses at satisfactory prices; Caywood & McClinfocfc,sold at their South Main street barnseighteen head of three and four.-year-oldhorses, for Grant W. Swimi,of Anderson, Indiana, which averaged $130 per head. They als1- soldfourteen head of cows averaging$118 per head. Turney Bros. solLat the sakie place one pair of mules,to Henry V. Thompson, of Winchester, for $692.50, one pair to Newt.Rankin, of Carlisle, for $510, andone to Cal Jones for $280..Auctioneer M. P. Kenney sold atthe court house door, five shares ofSthe capital stock of the Peoples Deposit and Trust Co., for $251 pershare, a high water mark for thisstock. Merchants report a goodday's business, collections excellent,and" everybody seemed xto have aplentiful share of money.LOCAL CONCERN TO ERECT WIN-.CHESTER REHNERY.Work is about to begin on a largeoil refinery ta be erected in Winchester by the Mutual Oil & Refining Cdmpany, of Paris, according toinformation given THE NEWS byofficials of the Company in this city.The refinery is to be erected on abite located on the east side of Winchester, and the work will be pushedforward to a successful conclusionas rapidly as possible. Largequantities of buliding material andsupplies are being forwarded everyday to the site of the proposed refinery. The Mutual people confidently expect to have the plant infull operation before the first ofnext January.This refinery is, planned to have acapacity of five hundred barrels. -to'be increased "to one thousand or twothousands daily. It will first be operated as a "stripping plant," butlater, when equipped with modernmachinery, will produce the differentvarieties of lubricating oil, paraffine and greases. The refinerywill be supplied with crude oil fromihe Eastern Kentucky fields, whichwill be piped to the Winchesterplant from the field. (It)1iTA''U l4-firjzm-9m5J:rSs4ys-l'very rich". , " KjI,v.- .; MTHE J. T. HINTON CO..;. ..',?i-re -PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 1r 112'jIEBOURBONNEWSJ&taalisned 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationiMQished Every Tuesday and FridaySer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance,SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.ilntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofasy person, firm or cdrporationwMch may appear 'in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlydirected if brought to attention ofthe editor.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. 2few York American Press Association. Ghicaso Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertech for first time; 50 cents per inchsach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, in cents per lineOften issue; reading notices in black2ype. 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseived5o decline any advertisement or otheroaatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied byie cashTO CREATE SYSTEM OF PUBLICHIGHWAYSThe administration bill creating apermanent system of State highwaysof approximately 3,000 miles passedthe House of Representatives Monday by a vote of 57 to 30. NearlyrU of the votes cast against the-i easirre were those of Democrats,x o insisted that the bill should belecommitted to be given furtherconsideration, a fifty-four amendments were offered to the bill.Under the measure a State Highway Commission is created to be-composed of four members appointed by the Governor two of whomshall serve for two, years and twofor four years. The members are to"fee aDDointed from, four districts andmust be selected from the two dominant political parties.The chief officer -of the department is to be a State Highway Engineer who will be appointed by theHighway Commission. The present-eomjmissioner of public roads is toHold ofiice until the first of July.The Highway Engineer is givenpower to designate roads and sections of roads for construction, toadvertise and receive bids, and prescribe rules and regulations for thecare and maintenance of roads subject to the approval of the highwaycommissionThe substitxite established a primary system of State highwayswhich gives to each county in theSlate at least one main thoroughfare and laid out fifty-four projects.Five more projects were added tothe bill by way of amendment.In the scheme as outlined by thehill, Bourbon county will be placedin the following divisions:Precinct No. 20 From Shelbyvilletot Ashland, via Lawrenceburg, Versailles, Lexington, Paris, Millers"burg, Blue Licks, Mayslick, Maysxille, Ribolt, Vanceburg, Greenup.Project No. 21 From Newport toParis, via Alexandria, Falmouthand Cynthiana.Project No. 30 From Richmondto Paris, via Winchester.JUNIOR RED CROSS MEETINGJU AT CLEVELAND.Junior Red Cross work, past,present and future will occupy twosessions of the convention of theDepartment of Superintendence.National Education. when itmeets in Cleveland, Ohio, February23 to 28.This meeting is considered themost important educational gathering of the year. Exhibits of Juniorork from all over the UnitedStates and also from the loreigncountries will be displayed in theassembly rooms during the week.James M. Rule, director of JuniorMembership at National Headquarters of the American Red Cross atWashington, will be in Clevelandfor the meetings and the majorityof the fourteen division directors orJjinior activities are expected." Tuesday tmoming, Junior workwill be presented under the generaltopic of "Post War Education. E.U Graff. Superintendent of Indianapolis City, will preside. Dr. JohnH- Finley. Commissioner of Education in New York, will be one ofthe principal speakers. .For the second Junior sessionWednesday, February 25, Dr. Livingston Farrand, chairman of tneCentral Committee of the AmericanRed Cross, Washington, Miss AnnieWebb Blanton, State Superintendent of Instruction in Texas, and J.W Stuuebaker, assistant supermen of schools in Des Moines, are onthe program.A special Junior Red Cross moving picture and stereopticon slideswill constitute this session.. o-Our idea of a confirmed alcoholicis -one who would give his righthand for three fingers under hislelt.oThe confidence roan knows whenso .confide in a woman.CANTRILL WANTS SOLDIERS'SERVICES RECOGNIZED.WASHINGTON, March 1st. "Ifthe Democratic t administration hadtaken as much time and had been asslow in preparing for prosecuting asuccessful war as the Republicanparty has been in giving justice tothe soldiers, sailors and marines whowon that great victory, the GermanKaiser Thursday would be militarymaster of the world," said Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, of Kentucky, in the House of Representatives Thursday in protesting againstfurther delay by the majority in recognizing the service men of the recent war.The House had under consideration a rule to take from the severalcommittees to which they had beenreferred all bills pertaining to recognition of services of soldiers, sailors and marines in the World Warand to refer all of them to the Committee on Ways and Means. TheDemocrats offered as a substitutethat they be referred to a specialcommittee to be appointed by theSpeaker. It was claimed by Democrats that reference to the Ways andMeans Committee was merely a camouflage for killing all the bills andrefusing to act.Mr. Cantrill specifically chargedthe majority with a deliberate intention to prevent legislation in behalfof the service men. "It is a commandfrom the steering committee of thisHouse to kill this legislation," he asserted, "just as the steering committee has commanded the JudiciaryCommittee, the Committee on PublicLands, the Public Buildings andGrounds Committee, the Committeeon Education and other great committees of this House to bury legislation which the members of thesegreat committees have stood for."Mr. Cantrill called attention tothe fact that the majority was beingforced to some sort of action on thematter by Congressman Royal Johnson, of South Dakota, who was anofficer in the army during the war.He said Mr. Johnson had expressedthe intention to call a caucus of theRepublican membership of the Househad laid down the law, saying unlessaction was taken he would let thecountry know where the responsibility lies."It is at his request today," saidMr. Cantrill, "that you are tryingto camouflage this proposition andmake it appear to the country thatyou are going to do something forthe ex-service men. I sincerely hopethat you will."Addressing the Republican majority, Mr. Cantrill said:"You have now four months untilyour national convention. Do notput this thing off. I serve notice onyou now that this side of the Housewill bring this question to your attention again. Bring in some kindof a bill between now and your national convention and pass it throughthe House for the benefit of the ex-service men. Do not bury the billsin the Ways and Means CommitteenTHE BEST LAXATIVE."My sedentary habits have necessitated the use of an occasional laxative. I have tried many, but foundnothing better than Chamberlain'sTablets," writes George F. Daniels,Hardwick, Vt. Mr. Daniels is proprietor of the Hardwick Inn, one ofthe model hotels of New England.(adv)BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)"O-Showed Greatness in Vouth.At the age of 14, and when a sophomore at Cambridge, Francis Baconleft the university in disgust, declaring that the whole system of education was radically wrong at Cambridgeand everywhere else. And Bacon livedto prove that he was conservativelyright in his contention. Swift despisedhis teachers because he knew morethan they did, and therefore had difficulty in securing a degree.Unfortunately, a man has to startwearing glasses at about the sameage -when he begins getting hiseyes open.For the best Metal andComposition Roofing at theright price call at Mrs.Templin's Paint Store, 1330South Main Street, Paris, Ky.(till marl-T)WANTEDA live wiro to handle the bestselling truck in America $700.00less than other worm-drive trucks.Liberal discount. AddressJ. R. MILLER,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Give territory desired.- (24-7t)Wanted Relics.All kinds of Indian and war relics. Will exchange an automaticshotgun, 12-guage, Hawaiian Ukulele and 20 lessons. Old U. S. centsand fractional currency, merchandise, shoes, ladies or men's. California gold coins, 25c. 50c and ?1.00size, mounted on ring or pin. Madein 1850 to 1865.W. H. NOEL.'Rte. 2, Box 5V2, Big Stone Gap, Vo.. (27-4t)FOR RENTDesk room, with use of two itelephones, light and heat for desirableparty, at our place of business onMain street. Well located Nand verydesirable.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.For Sale Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boar, weight275 to 300 pounds a good one.JOHN J. REDMON,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Pho-ne, Cumberland 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)Pure Bred Duroc Jersey Hogs For SaleBest bloodline, good individuals.Two sows, four gilts and one boar.Will sell as a whole or separate.C. M. CLAY,(tf) Paris, Ky.Home For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstreet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back150 feet.(6-tf) PAT COMACK.FOR SALEBusiness house in Paris, Ky., inthe best location on Main street, between Sixth and Seventh streets.Has been used for the past twentyyears as shoe and general (merchandise store. Has five rooms on second floor. Also fixtures, countersetc. Inquire ofH. SCHANKER,(27-3t) Erlanger, Ky.For Sale.A Pianola Piano, in fine condition,88-note, with a good selection ofmusic rolls. Call CumberlandPhone 999. J$ (24-4t)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give jme a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aspecialty.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 918Main Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf)PUBLIC SALEOFFarm Tools and HouseholdFurnitureHaving moved to town, I will sellat public outcry, at the M. A. Kenney place, Stop 47, near Paris onLexington pike, and on LexingtonInterurban, beginning at 10 o'clock,onFriday, March 5, 1920,the following articles:HOUSEHOLD GOODSOak Roller Top Desk, good1asnew;1 Folding Bed,' large Mirror;1 Walnut Hat Rack:1 White Enameledand Mattress:Bed Sprinj2 Antique Dressers;1 Wash Stand;1 Refrigerator, good one;1 Wash Stand;1 Divan;Some Dishes;A lot of Black Minorca Chickens;1 Large Radiant Home Stove;2 Small Heating Stoves;Some Chairs, 1 Refrigerator.STOCK.1 3-ycar-old Percheron Colt;1 2-year-old Percheron Colt.2. Jersey Steers, 1 and 2 years old;1 1-year-old -Jersey Bull; -3 Yearling Jersey Heifers;3 2 -year-old Jersey Heifers;2 Brood Sows, will farrow byMarch 1, 1920.1 Sow and five pigs, 4 weeks old.FARM TOOLS1 Wheat'Drill;1 Deering Binder;1 Feed Sled;1 Disc Clover and Alfalfa Drill,good one;1 Top Buggy j '1 Set Carriage Harness;1 Grindstone;1 Cutting Box;1 Pair of Wagon Shafts;1 Delaval Cream Separator;1 Gas Engine, 2-horse-power., v C. A. WEBBER;;GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.feb24-4t) ' " rjRESOLUTIONDESIGNING THAT PORTION OFMAIN STREET Z30M BANKROW TO BRIDGE OVER STONERCREEK; SECOND STREET FROMMAIN STREET WEST TO THECITY LIMITS; THIRD STREETFROM PLEASANT STREET TOEAST END OF STONER AVENUE; SEVENTH STREET FROMHIGH STREET TO WALKER'SAVENUE; EIGHTH STREETFROM HIGH . STREET TOBRIDGE OVER HOUSTONCREEK; NINTH STREET FROMPLEASANT STREET TO HIGHSTREET; TENTH STREETFROM MAIN STREET TO HIGHSTREET; WINCHESTER STREETFROM TENTH STREET TOCITY LIMITS; VINE STREETFROM WINCHESTER STREETTO STONER AVENUE; ELEVENTH STREET FROM PLEASANT STREET TO HIGHSTREET; BROADWAY AT LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLEFREIGT STATION FROM THIRDSTREET TO FOURTH STREET,TO BE IMPROVED BY THEORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OFOF THE ROADWAY AND BYTHE CONSTRUCTION OF CURBING ON BOTH SIDES THEREOFAT THE COST OF THE ABUTTING PROPERTY OWNERS ANDTHE CITY OF PARIS, KENTUCKY, AND SETTING OUT INGENERAL TERMS THE CHARACTER AND EXTENT OF THEPROPOSED IMPROVEMENTAND DECLARING SUCH IMPROVEMENT OF EACH OF SAID'STREETS "TO BE A NECESSITYAND PROVIDING FOR THECOST THEREOF TO BE PAYABLE ON THE TEN-YEAR PAYMENT PLAN.BE IT RESOLVED, By the "Boardof Council of the City of Paris, Kentucky, as follows, to-wit:SECTION 1. The following streetsand portions thereof are herebydesignated and proposed to be improved by the original constructionof the roadway with vitrified brick,asphalt, bitulithic, wood blocks,rock asphalt, concrete paving, orother type of paved streets, and bythe construction of curb and gutteron both sides thereof, except wherethe same is already constructed inconformity with the specificationsfor the proposed work, and such improvement of each of said streets,and the portions thereof is herebydeclared to be a necessity. The costof curb and gutters to be at the exclusive cost of the abutting property owners.1. That portion of Main Streetfrom Bank Row to the bridge overStoner Creek. '2. Second Street from MainStreet west to the city limits.3. Third Street from Pleasant toeast end of Stoner Avenue.4. Seventh Street from HighStreet to Walkers Avenue.5. Eighth Stree't from HighStreet to bridge over HoustonCreek.6. Ninth Street from PleasantStreet to High Street.7. Tenth Street from MainStreet to High Street.8. Winchester Street frcln TenthStreet to the city limits.9. Vine Street from WinchesterStreet to Stoner Avenue.10. Eleventh Street from PleasantStreet to High Street.11. Broadway at Louisville &Nashville freight station from ThirdStreet to Fourth Street.SECTION 2 The cost of the improvement of the intersections ofstid streets, including the necessarydrains, and one-half of the width ofsaid street abutting other streets oralleys which run into, but do notcross said streets, and the cost ofthe improvement of that portion ofsaid street which may abut uponproperty belonging to the City, andwhere the abutting owner is a public school, cemetery, 'County, Stateor United States, shall be borne bythe City of Paris, Kentucky. TheCity shall also pay for one-third ofthe total cost of improvement afterdeducting therefrom the aforementioned portions of said cost. The remaining two-thirds of the cost ofsaid improvement shall be paid bythe assessment of a special tax uponthe property abutting on said improvement in the manner providedby law. The materials to be usedin such improvement of said streetsshall be determined by the Board ofCouncil upon ieceipt oL bids.SECTION 3 The said taxes herein provided foi to be assessed againstthe abutting property may be paid jon the ten-year payment plan in themanner provided by-law, but theCity's portion of the cost of said improvement shall be paid in cash uponthe completion and acceptance ofthe improvement.SECTION 4 This resolution shalltake effect when signed, recordedand published as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Attest:J. W. Hayden, Clerk.City Hall, Paris, Ky., Feb. 26, 1920.Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. Jn good condition. Price$975.STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate, LiveStock, Personal 'Property. LockBox 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.(jan6-tf))We'll Keep Downthe PriceP lO MEN'SOvercoats$13.50Worth DoubleBetter Goods at Proportionate Prices.IF YOU'LLSTOP HEREYOU'LLBUY HERETBros.StorewinMen'sIL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main Streeta miPLEASE READ!In order that there may be no jmisunderstanding as to the serviceguarantee which "we give to purchasers of the Overland cars, and in order that there be no dissatisfaction with reference to just what is included in these guarantees, we respectfully request all purchasers toread carefully the following Service Guarantee.THE SERVICE GUARANTEE . "' "OFDickerson & SonWe will, within a period of ninety days, free of charge for labor ormaterial, replace any parts found defective under the afqresaid standard Warranty which is set forth in the current catalogue. This guarantee, it is expressly understood, does not cover the free replacement or installation of any parts made necessary by ordinary wear and tear, lackof lubrication, or parts failing by reason of abnormal use, and in particular does not cover such work as grinding valves, cleaning motor,taking up connecting rod bearings, or work of similar description, theresult of ordinary wear and tear, carelessness or improper use.Defect as to workmanship and material on top?, paint and upholstering, shall be referred by Dickerson & Son to the Willys-Overland,Inc., for satisfactory adjustment. Accessories including tire':, speedometers and storage batteries are guaranteed by their respective manufacturers. For a period of ninety days from date of purchase all purchasingcustomers are requested to bring their cars in once a month, for free inspection; at which times we will carefully examine the condition of thecar and will (make all minor adjustments, free of charge, provided inmaking these adjustments our actual time consumed does not exceedthree hours; in the event that the condition of the car requires morethan three hours labor, we will charge. only for the excess time. Matelials used in inspecting car, such as oil, gasoline, grease, etc., will becharged for at current prices.This guarantee is given with the distinct understanding thatwhether the work or repairs to be done or furnished free of charge onthe car comes within this Guarantee, is a matter to be determinedsolely by us.In conclusion we desire to state that it is our pleasure and intention to give each Overland owner courteous, fair and business-liketreatment, and we can assure our patrons that this will be given.DICKERSON & SONS. F. GriffinB. R. DickersonIMPORTANT NOTICEWe lay particular emphasis on the statement that an Overland caris considered aa having been "altered" when any of its original parts;have been replaced with others otTwin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTOBAC C 0COTTONALL GRADESSEE US BEFOREYOU BUYTwin BrosDepartment StoreFancy Corn, per can . . . .15cPeas, per can 15cKidney Beans, per can . . 15cPotatoes, per peck 90cEvtra Good Brooms, ea. 50cAll kinds of fresh fruitsand vegetables at reasonable prices.Look for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.Three deliveries each day.Both phones.X1Mr. Ellis' Cash IGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.iG. B. Dickersonmade by n.jf MRS. ELLIS' jmmI i vI FOR THIS WEEKIA. iJr?tiJ , '"joy,y1 -"L i,1 LfrlM'v5..fti ,'VOmz?mwwwwzwXti"1'V$.JtTUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE THREE(&When you getMMm$ms&i?A few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" brings relief aljtnost as soon asthey reach the stomach."Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the acidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souringand fermentation which causes theflatulence, fullness, or pain in stomach, and intestines."Pape's Diapepsin" helps regulate disordered stomachs so favoritefoods can be eaten without causingdistress. Costs so little at drugstores. (adv)nSTATE MEETING OF FEDERATION OF CLUBS.The twenty-sixth annual meetingof the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs will be held at Madisonville. May 25 to 28, inclusive.That Ivladisonville succeeded inlanding the big convention has beenknown for some months, but thedate has just been fixed.Work on. the three-day program isnow going forward and interestingannouncements will shortly be madeby Mrs. Lafon Riker, State presi-.dent and those working with her tomake this occasion memorable inthe long list of brilliant meetingsof which the federation may rightlyboast."SYRUP OF FIGS"ISLAXATHEFOR CHILDLook At Tongue! Heinove PoisonsFrom Stomach, Liver andBowelsHANDSOME GIRT TO WOODFOED.HOSPITAL.The Versailles (Ky.) Sun says ofMr. Wm. E. Simms. brother nf MrjEd. Simms and Miss Lucy Simms,ana lormerly of Fans:"William E. Simms last week voluntarily made the handsome gift of$10,000 to the endowment fund ofthe Woodford Memorial hospital."The following note from Mr.Simms to Miss Jo. Carter, presidentof the hospital board, which accompanied his check, shows the beautiful spirit in which his gift was made:"Wednesday, Feb. 18, 1920."Miss Jo. Carter, president of theBoard, Woodford County Hospital."My dear Miss Jo.: Enclosed Isend you tern thousand dollars, whichI should love to add to the endowment fund of the Woodford Countyhospital. It is sent in the earnest'hope that I may contribute something to the welfare of our county.It would be a grateful expression forthe happiness of life here and mylove for our community.Most sincerely,"W. E. SIMMS.""The. splendid building of theWoodford Memorial hospital was agift to the county from Mr. Simms'mother-in-law, the late Mrs. A. J.Alexander, Sr., and Mrs. Alexander'schildren and her son-in-law havebeen most liberal always in theircontributions to the support of theinstitution.Our hospital ha sbeen an inestimable boon to the community and Mr.Simms' generous gift to its endowment fund will enable it to increaseits efficiency and to further extendits beneficent aid to the sick and thesuffering."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Louis Wollstein is a guestof friends and relatives in Cleveland,Ohio.Robert L. Caywood has returned from a business trip to Cincinnati. J. M. Frye,-of Taylorsville, is aguest of his brother, O. L. Frye, inthis city.Mrs. E. J. Burris was a recentguest of her mother, Mrs. SarahTalbott, in Carlisle.George Monson, of Omaha, Nebraska, is visiting his brother, Chas.Monson, and family, on High street.Mrs. W., K. Griffin was hostessFriday to the members of the FridayINFLUENZAstarts with a ColKill tho Cold. Atsneeze takecascaraRMuininetoVfeHBlVU u "ftdwPthe first k1H$Jl!k. CtardardVrrifV rr- m:v., iniifijVMIV xw.vJWX 'AS-X.VM.fi&OMJB1cold remedy for 20 vsaratablet form safe, sure, noiates brerLs up a cold in 24hours relieves grip in 3 days.oney bade n it fails. Thegenuine box has a RedKSK1 . . ."CKa! A All Drun 5' sBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetBridge Club at her home on Cypress lMATHERS amng poe DEtMiss Sara Daniel was hostessFriday night with a "five hundred"party at her home on Fifteenthstreet.Mrs. Joim H. Moran lias re-EGATE.DOUBLE BEAUTYOF YOUR HAIR"Danderine" creates massof thick, gleamy wavesDr. C. W. Mathers, wealthy farmer of Nicholas county, who has heenprominent in political circles in theturned from a visit to her sister, i Democratic party in that section, hasMrs. B. Frank Goodman, in CmrcHriE rHBIo?i mwMZtir.-t rmrrm nmmma.--1m .SATISFAGTIONfOUR WATCHWORD!l With all the latest improvements m laundry appliancesPk and expert helpers we are:MfrJ $ prepaiedto do work infe-U your patronage.cinnatiinformed his friends tha he will be acandidate for delegate from theJas. E. Taylor, who has been ' ;;"; 5 1L. .. . ;vino- witi, ma nniino- ot Mathers has represented his districtIt takes more than crimso-n ink togive one the pen of ready -writer.Accept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each, bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)-.," tIn a few moments you can transform your plain, dull, flat hair. Youcan have it abundant, soft, glossyand full of life. Just get at anyTiny drug or toilet counter a smallbottle of "Danderine" for a fewcents. Then moisten a soft clothwith "Danderine" and draw thisI through your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. Instantly, yes.immediately, you have doubled thebeauty of your hair. It will be amass so soft, lustrous and so easy toI do up. All dust, dirt and excessiveoil is removed.! Let Danderine put more life,color, vigor and brightness, in yourhair. This stimulating tonic willfreshen your scalp, check dandruffand falling hair and help your hairto grow long, thick, strong and beaitiful. (adv)'THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.YMKU111x1GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corntr Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyJj -Cimovincr vititIi l-vIr-H nnisnnino- ofhiR Tinm0 in TSnst Pnvi i i.vhtiv!in tbe Kentucky Senate... w ., ""0""JimprovedMr. and Mrs. Clifton Pope andchildren have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Martin, inCynthiana.Mrs. Charles D. Highland hasreturned to her -home in Mt. Sterling, after a visit to friends and relatives in this city,stay before returning hime.Miss Tille Laltue has returnedto her home near Paris, after a visitto her niece. Miss Corilla Eberhardt, in Georgetown.-W. C. Dodson was removedfrom his home Friday afternoon, tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from pneTj(Tionia. IMis. E. P. Claybrook anddaughter, Mrs. Robert Meteer, havereturned from Ft. Myers, Florida, .where they spent the winter.Several from Paris attendedthe performance of "Maytime," atthe Lexington Opera House, lastweek, pronouncing it one of thefinest of its kind they had ever witnessed. Mrs. Rachel Barrow, of Pensacola, Florida, is at the bedside ofher daughter, Mrs. Frank P. Riser,who has been seriously ill of pneumonia at her home on Houston avenue. Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., isvisiting her son, who is attendingthe winter school of the KentuckyMilitary Institute at Eu Gallie,Florida.L. B. Griffin, assistant ticketagent at the Tenth street passengerstation of the L. & N., in this city,was a recent business visitor inMaysville.Mrs. Ossian Edwards and Mrs.Wm. W. Hinton have returned fromTampa, St. Augustine and otherpoints in Florida, whefe they spentseveral months.Mrs. E. C. Cleveland, who, withmembers of her family, has beenspending the winter at Tampa, Fla.,will leave there this week, going toWashington, D. C, for a ten-daysRev. William Sweeney, whohas been a guest of his mother, Mrs.John S. Sweeney, on Higgins Avenue, for several days, returned Saturday to his home in Danville, Indiana.John Monson, stationed in thearmy service at Camp Eustis, Va., isa guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles Monson, on High street.Monson will be transferred nextmonth to Camp Taylor, for a year'sservice.-r W.. . "11 -.. Trjr. ILeruy suuuu.un.t uj. oiu,lci, mioEourL who came to Paris last weekto attend the funeral and burial ofGeorge Wyatt, Jr., remained over,for an extended visit with friendsand relatives. Mr. Eubanks formerly resided in Paris.W. B. Harris, of Morganfield,Grand Master, and Richard G. Elliott, of Lexington, Grand Secretary,of the Grand Lodge Odd Fellows ofKentucky, were recent guests ofMayor E. B. January, while en ruoteto Cynthiana, to attend a districtmeeting of the I. O. O. F.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oTHE P0WEE OF THE PEESS"But the most universal agencyin spreading the message of theThrift and Savings movement hasbeen the Press. In metropolitandaily and in country weekly haveappeared uncounted news columnsand editorial articles. The patrioticservice of those who direct the policy of the American Press has neveryet received its due praise, and inwinning the nation away iromwastefulness there is but given anadded demonstration of high purposeand broad vision."The above paragraph is takenfrom an address delivered by William Mather Lewis, Director of theSavings Division, Treasury Department. The Eighth Federal ReserveDistrict, which is among the leadersin the sale of Treasury Certificatesand War Savings Stamps, could nothave made the splendid record it did .had not the press of Missouri, Arkansas and Kentucky given the support it has. In the Liberty Loancampaigns this district was alwaysfirst to so "over the top" and it iskeeping up its reputation.. OhMONTGOMERY COUNTY FAIR TOBE HELD IS JULY.The directors of the MontgomeryCounty Fair Association have selected July 21, 22, 23 and -24 asdates for the fair this year, whichpromises to be the largest ever heldthere. Especial attention will begiven to the cattle show and liberalpremiums will be offered for Shorthorns and Herefords. There will beI running and trotting races i daily' and every effort is being made to secure one of the largest . carnivalThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyA Wise InvestmentHome FurnishingsWhen you buy home furnishings you are not spending money you areINVESTING it. You can make no better investment than by buying them HEREwhere you get only reliable furniture at the lowest prices.Now Our- February and March SaleP9HBHSHrHHHThe Best Investment for YourDining RoomThis charming- Queen Anne Dining Suite offers anexceptional value. Baautifully finished in either American Walnut or Mahogany. Chairs have genuine leatherseats. Ten pieces comprise the suite. See it.Kitchen CabinetSave time and money bybuying now, during our February and March Sale.$19.75 up to $80.00si T If vk j JDDAL$JEUZmIBBkmBL beBIB IShWtPc "TBf iQSfflSrAfe ?VJIv tB!Collapsible SulkyHas Parcel CarrierA very convenient sulkycollapsible device is operatedby one motion of the tongue.Parcel carrier under the seat.Reed back,- sides and top.At March Sale prices,Make Your Living RoomComfortable and AttractiveHere is a suite that will afford you ths utmost in living room convenience. It is not only very comforta'aTebut of attractive design. Beautifully finished in mahogany. Upholstered in mulberry velour,$290.00 March Sale price only $232.00m H I JThis Dainty Colonial Suite inEnamel, Oak or MahoganyYou will find this suite very attractive and refreshing; in the finish that will harmonize with your bedroomdecorations. All drawers are accurately fitted and willnot "bind." Four pieces at a moderate price during ourFebruary and March" Sale.Take Care of .Your ClothesThis chifforobe will eepyour clothes in excellent condition. It is fitted with fivedrawers, two compartmentsand mirror. $60.00 MarchSale $48.00.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Main and Third Sis Chas. Green, Manager Paris, KentuckyIIXIIIxIIXIIXJ--?i!X companies on the road. -Vf.-:-',ffi-hi 3?fl-8 lALix AJ '"'JWW. "'fZ r'V- v.PAGE FOUKTHE BOURBON NBS, -PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1S20."t", rl ty4' Vpw.Gas Stove For SaleDetroit Jewel Gas Cook Stove.Good condition. Apply to undersigned or call E. T. Phone 1072.MRS. J. T. CLARKE,(2-2t) Robneel Building.Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Bun Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.xLeaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Cential Hotel ... .12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAB, NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p(m.AVrive Millersburg- 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p.m.Both Phones 204.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claim? againstthe estate of Mrs. Queenie II. Rion,deceased, are heicby requested topresent same, properly proven, asrequired by law, to the undersignedadministrator, for pajj-nent.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs.Queenie H. Rion, deceased, are hereby requested to call on the undersigneds administrator, and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.HOUSTON RION,Administrator Mrs. Queenie H. Rion.Route 6, Paris, Ky.3(mar2-3wks)jVIAN GIVES LAST DOLLAR FORTHE BOURBON NEWS,Lexington, Ky., Feb. 19, 1920.Editor NEWS, Paris, Ky. -Dear "Speedy": I hand you theonly dollar I have in this world.Please send me THE .BOURBONNEWS as long as this dollar canbring it. I -have many mansions inHeaven, but even a Lexingtonpreacher will not advance me anymoney on them. Sometimes I greatly fear that preachers do not valueHeavenly mansions as they should.Oh, "Speedy," can it be that theyare like -those worldly oil-stock promoters that are always sounding thepraise of their wares and gettingothers to buy, but will not investtheir own money therein? I certainly trust not. Have you any objection to me trusting not? That'snice; I didn't think you had. I willcontinue to "trust not."You wish to know how I am getting along! Well, I am getting older every day. Since cefning heietwelve months ago. I have aged atleast a year. ' Despite the efforts ofour most skilled physicians and thetender ministrations of numeroustrained nurses my tendency to growolder is by no means arrested. Thatyou may be long spared a like fateis the piayer of one of the dandiestlittle prayers (when he's scared)you ever met in your life.'RELIGIOUS.IF ITS HARNESS OR PLOWPOINTS,' FIND IT AT LAvTN& CORNELL'S.Everything in harness and plowpoints, or hardware or whatever thefarmer needs, atLAVIN & CONNELL'S.(2mar-2t)PuMk SaleOFREAL ESTATEImmediately after the stock saleof C. A. Webber, onFriday, March 5th,at 10 a. m.t we will sell the M. A.Kenney estate, located on the Lexington pike ZVz miles from Paris, atStop 47:X acre of land, with improvementsof a 4-room house with front andwick porch.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(2-2i)For SaleFive-room cottage, in good repair.Apply toGEORGE PARKER,mar2-tf) , 313 Maysville, St.Estrayed BuickFound, near the corner of Mt.Airy Avenue and Houston Avenue,an estrayed Buick. Has been thereabout three days. Claimed by BallyPaton, as he saw it first. Says owner may have it by proving propertyand paying feed bill.House For Sale.Good 6-room house with, all conveniences electric lights, bath,basement, etc. Located on Cypress,between Fourteenth and Fifteenthstreets. This is a modern home. Frfurther information, call homephone 163. (3t)For SaleTwo sows for sale. Can be seenat 367 Maysville street.SHIRLEY HAGAN,(1) Cumberland Phone 1064.What's You Farm Worth?What did your tobacco crop bring you? Do you know that the demand for export and the increased consumption of "Bright Leaf" forcedunusually high prices and really FORCED the market above what itwould have been under normal export and ordinary increase? Youknow that every abnormal market must react. Well that's history andpart of it caused by the late war, but it all has to do with our question, '"WHAT'S YOUR FARM WORTH?" If tobacco prices hold up,farm lands in Kentucky will continue to hold up. It the bright leafmarket is lost by the destruction of cigarettes, farm lands will godown with falling pi ices. One farmer was bemoaning the increase inhis land tax. He seemed to forget that land he bought for $125.00 anacre now commands $4.50.00. We can't keep it all. Even Uncle Snwants his share. So if our land is valued at two or three times whatwe paid for it, we must pay higher tnxes. That is settled. Now whatwill your farm lanw be worth if you cannot raise tobacco? Somefolks are mighty busy already againstHtobacco, and we suggest that ifyou do not know what is going on, that you write the ALLIED TOBACCO LEAGUE OF AMERICA, Pickering Building, Cincinnati, O. Ifyour farm is worth it better keep posted anyway. Are you interestedenough to write for information on "How To Keep Farm Land Producing-Profits?" Be informed and then you will know and appreciate whatis being done to conserve your farm investment. (2-4t)J ne Mmisteis' Association ofParis met yesterday morning in thestudy of Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor ofthe Baptist church. At a meetinglast week Rev. Arthur Fox waselected chairman of the counciland Rev. T. S. Smylie, secretary'The purpose of the meeting, whichwill be held monthly, will be "Fellowship, mutual helpfulness, andconfeience on problems ofcommon interest with actionon such when it may be deemed desirable." The regular meetings willbe the first Monday in each monthat 10:30 a. m., in the study of theBaptist church. Any one who hasany matter to be brought to the attention of the ministeis of the cityis invited either to be present atone of these meetings, or to reportit to one of the pastors.In the presence of a large audidience, and with the most tfapressive ceremonies, Rev. Theodore S.Smylie, was installed as pastor ofthe Paris Presbyterian church, lastSunday. In honor of the occasion, aspecial musical program was arranged and presented by the choir, whilea quartet, composed of Mrs. MacieWhite Fithian, Miss Flora Hill,Robert Harbeson and Charles B.Mitchell rendered several selectednumbeis ol an appropriate charac-I ter. Tne constitutional questionsI were propounded to the new pastorby Rev. W. W. Morton, pastor of theMillersburg Presbyterian church.Rev. Morton also delivered thecharge to the pastor. The charge tothe congregation was delivered byRev. Wm. N. Guerrant. Rev. Dr. J.Gray McAllister, Professor of BibleHistory in the Presbyterian Theological Seminary, in Louisville, preached both morning and night. Rev.McAllister took for his theme, "The-Personal Side of a Man's Life," inwhich he compared the life and services of Moody, the evangelist, withthat of Robert G. Ingersoll, the renowed agnostic, and showed how theformer left behind him works thatwill endure forever.The deacons of the Presbyterianchurch will have a special 'meetingin the pastor's study this (Tuesday)March 2, at 7:00 o'clock, for thePresbyterian Progressive Program inthe local congregation. The FirstPresbyterian church of Paris willenter enthusiastically into the program of the whole church for itsseven-fold objectives. These goalscover practically the whole life ofthe church: Spiritual life, with theaim to have family worship in everyhome; Evangelism, praying andworking for a large increase in professing Christians; Christian Literature; Striving to place the churchreligious papers in every home ofthe church; Christian education ofthe youth; Missionary education andinformation for all; Ministerial Relief and Support; An adequate salary for those who have given theirlife for the church and care for th-nin their old and feeble age; EveryMember Canvass, meaning everymember of the church giving someThing, .the widow's mite or the richman's thousands, for the work ofthe kingdom. The whole effort, ofthe church during the next fewweeks will be directed in an. intensive cafnpaign along these lines.HWar.-EwEOIDEIlSrOIL REFINERYTO BE BUILT AT WINCHESTER, KENTUCKYFINANCED BY THEMutual Oil & Refining CompanyOffices 301 Union Trust Building, Lexington, Ky.,(and Third and Main Streets, Paris, Ky.' v IraBuilding materials and supplies are arriving daily on the building site, and thebig plant is expected to be completed' by January, 1921.Capacity of plant to be 500 to 1,000 barrels daily, andincreasing to 2,000.Gasoline, Kerosene, Lubricating Oils, and other by-products, will be producedfrom the crude oils of the Eastern Kentucky fields by this big plant.This will be the fifth plant oOts kind in Kentucky and will no doubt be a bigmoney maker.BUY STOCK NOWN .and get in on the ground floor.Call at either of our offices for literature. "Mutual Oil & Refining Co7"PUBLIC AUCTION!ATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIFT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsFIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your patch beforeit is all gone.5CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)Special OfferingWe will sellKentucky on -in front of the Court House door in Paris,Saturday, March 6, 1920AT 11 O'CLOCK A. M.One of the Best Farms in Bourbon County,of 78 1-2 acres, located about 2 1-2 miles from Paris, on the Peacock pike, and belonging to Ben Harp, better known as the Inglesfarm.Has splendid residence, fine cellar, cistern, two goodcabins in yard, 12-acre tobacco barn, good stable and corn criband other outbuildings. Nice young orchard, 20 acres sowed towheat, about 16 acres in stubble, balance in bluegrass and clover.This is a splendid chance for some one wanting a small farm,well improved. The place is well watered and fenced. Can givepossession March 10th.- Remember this farm is up to sell and is going to sell. Call onthe owner, Mr. Harp, or the Paris Realty Company, who will takepleasure in showing you the place.Don't missjthis chance, as the season is just about over. Wemean business and this farm is going to sell. 'Be at the Court House Saturday. March 6th, at 11 a. m rainor, shine.Paris Realty Company. . 512-514 Main StreetAUTO COLLIDES WITH BARNReturning from Lexington, Saturday night in his new Marmon machine, JaVies M. Caldwell, accompanied by Jos. "W. Davis, Jr., figuredin an accident in which his machinecollided with a barn. A blindingsnowstorm was in progress and thewindshield of the machine becomingclogged with snow, made the drivermistake the whitwashed barn aheadof them for the snowcovered road.T-he machine crashed into the barn,dalmaging the machine about 1,800.Neither of the occupants was injured. They returned to Paris,where the Inachine was sent to agarage for repairs.oMAYBE YOU'VE BEEN OVERLOOKED By some of the solicitors forthe Massie Hospital. If youhave, leave your subscriptionat any bank.PUBLIC AUCnOTT EEAL ESTATE.Just after the Webber saJe nnInarch 5, we will sell 1 acre of landum improvements of 4-room housewith front and back porch. Sale atStop 47.(2T2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES. 4-otaW ORLEANS MOLASSES SFR-CIAL BELOW COST.New Orleans Molasses at $1.25per gallon while they last. Can't bebought at that price wholesaleBetter order to-day.-, as thev win crklWm-V'lL llll!HHk);7ipP? ''SJllilillRiilllli& ZWmmPfiiiiliil&st siliPllil iBllliSiIf IBm -mmSM tfUlli IHi II ill 5H"' A n Copyrfebt, 1919.igUK- A. B. Kirschbaum Coaipaoyof Values iirsisBargainsi1wYou'll Say So !E'VE selected from our stock some special values to offer in Men's and YoungMen's Suits. These suits are all wellmade, being tailored bv leadino- Pnr-concerns in the country. The sty 'es are good,coming in two and three button coats, both inconservative and nobby style's. Patterns andcolorings are new browns, greys, greens andblues shown in fancy effects. iWe have every size from 34 to 48, and it'sup to you to come in and select one of theseexceptional values tpday.See the showing cC these suits in our windows.! lltfliiOur Overcoats are still beingsold at special prices. It's asaving to buy one now..R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.GOL. O. H. WYKOFF, Auctioneer.2t) at)iast at mat price.G. P. COOK & CO. yift--t-$.:..'iXV-h-y.-v.-rt ..trM?"J,"TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKYPAGE FIVES xj---;CxXstTOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWE'VE PASSED THE THREEQUARTER MARKEn the ftiassie Hospital campaign. Let's finish up thisweek.PUBIIC AUCTION SEAL ESTATE.Just after the Webber sale onMarch 5, we will sell 1 acre of landwith improvements of 4-room housewithiront and back porch. Sale atStop 47.-(2-2t)HARRIS & SPEAKES.oEXECUTRIX QUALIFIESMrs. Margaret A. Thompson, qualified in the County Court, Friday, asexecutrix of the estate of T. H.Thompson, deceased. Mrs. Thompson furnished bond in the sum of$2,00 .no surety being requued.oSELLS HRE HORSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here,,There andElsewhere.Burgoright, high jumping thoroughbred, owned by Dr. E. E. Watson, veterinary surgeon, of thiscity, has been sold by him to anEastern horseman, for $1,000. Theanimal is a splendid specimen, andhas a record for high jumping overhurdles.PUEE PRESERVES.We have the best preserves madebetter than home-made. Let usprove it to you.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oCOME EARLYGoods are very scarce. Attendour Cash February and March Saleearly. Our sale is a real sale 20off regular prices. Can you get thisany place else?THE J. T. HIXTON CO.oATTEKTIOtf, BOY SCOUTS!A meeting of the Boy Scouts ofParis, has been called for 7:.00o'clock to-night, Tuesday, March 2,in the auditorium of the Paris HighSchool. The meeting will be heldunder the supervision of Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, Suerintendent of theParis schools. The Scouts are requested to come in full uniform.pHVE GENERATIONS REPRESENTED.Miss Cora Lee is able to be outafter an illness of three weeks.n Miss Bonnie Lee Perkins is connned to her home with an attack ofthe grippe.Miss Olivia E. Orr left Tuesdayriui"u,6 i u visit in ouisviiie andI Bardsrown.H. C. Henson and Mr. and Mrs.George Denton are confined to theirhomes with influenza.Frank P. Kiser, who has beenill for several days, is able to be athis place of business.Hon. Abram Renick, of Winchester, was among the cour dayvisitors in Paris yesterday.Mrs. E. J. Lee has returnedfrtfn a three weeks' visit to friendsand relatives in London and Corbin.Miss Fannie Br Roberts, ofBardstown, spent the week end withMisses Olivia and Ruth Orr, onStoner avenue. YMr. and Mrs. Jakie Margolen,of Covington, were guests Sundayand yesterday of Mr. and Mrs. Gus-viargoien.Mrs. O. B. Searcy has returnedto her home in Covington after avisit to Miss Janette Locknane onSecond street.Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Tucker, ofCharleston, W. Va., are guests atthe home of Mrs. E. J. Lee and family, in this city.Mrs. Frank F. Kiser continuesseriously ill of pneumonia at herhome on Houston avenue. Twotrained nurses are in constant attendance. Mrs. Neville Fislier and daughtter Miss Emily Fisher, have retum-J ed to their home in Georgetown, after a visit to iur. ana Mrs. w. Jti.Fisher, on Mt. 'Airy av6nue, in thisj city.Miss Florence Adair Hedges,who has been attending Syre College, in Lexington, is ill of nervousprostration, at the home of her parwho has been atending ' Sayre Colnear Paris.Louisville Daily Herald: "Mr.Edward Fithian, who has been theguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles N. Fithian, at their home inParis, has returned home .... Mrs.Henry Rauterberg will arrive nextweek from Paris, Ky., to visit hismother, Mrs. Charles Rauterberg, atthe heme of Miss Henrietta Bullitt,on Fourth street."An incident, remarkable for itslare occurrence, took j)lace recentlyin the office of George W. Davis, undertaker, in this city. Whilewaiting for conveyances to takethem to the funeral of Mrs. PearlRoss, who died in Chattanooga,Tenn., which was to be held at herold home, North Middletown, it wasobserved that there were five generations of the family present. Theeldest was Mrs. Charlton H. Lowe,of Winchester, aged ninety-four, anaunt of the deceased.PICTUREPROGRAM ATAND ALAMO.GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, March 2Gladys Brockwell, in "Thieves;"Prizma Colorpicture, "Old Faithful;"Ruth Roland, in new serial, "TheAdventures of Ruth."To-morrow, Wednesday, March 3Charlotte Walker, in "Eve In Exile;" Sunshine Ccinedy, "Chicken ALa Cabaret;" Topics of The Day;Bray Pictograph.Thursday, March 4 Owen Moore,in "Sooner Or Later;" Pathe Review and Vod-a-Vil Movies.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.IT ITS HARNESS OR PLOWPOINTS, HND IT AT LAVTN& CONNELL'S.Everything in harness and plowpoints, and hardware, or whatevertke faifrner needs, atLAVIN & CONNELL'S.(2mar-2t)oBUY EARLY.The Paris Literary Club willpresent ihe following program at themeeting to be held on next Thursday, March 4: The Life of Christ.The Year of Obscurity, Miss Spears.The Call and Training of the Disciples, Mrs. J. T. Vanfcnt TheProgressive Culture ClubyJkill meetih same afternoon, with tne following program to be observed: Ancient Religions. Buddahism, Mrs. J.T. Sharrard. Mohammedanism,Mrs. Clark. Paganism, Mrs. HarryStamler.(Other Personals on Page 3.)COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSBASKET BALL 'GAMES. .The boys' and girls basket baljteams of theParis High School, accdhipanied by a large number offriends ahd rooters, went to Lexington, Friday night, when they metthe teams of the Lexington HighSchool in a double-header game onthe Lexington floor. The gamesopened with a 'set-to between thegirls teams of the two schools, resulting in a victory for the Parislassies by a score of 12 to 5. In theboys games a remarkable exhibitionof good playing was given by bothteams. Paris threatened to cofciefrom behind in the last few minutesof play, after substitutes had beenintroduced by the Lexington team,but the timely blowing of the referee's whistle stopped their gains.The final score stood 24 to 16. Thegames were refereed by Coach Robert Hinton, of Georgetown College,a former Paris man.The Paris High and CynthianaHigh School teams will play on-thelatter's floor next Friday night. Alarge crowd of "rooters" will accompany the Paris team. In view ofpast performances Paris may besafely counted on to bring home"the roses and the victor's-song."The contest between the teams ofthe Paris High School and the Somerset High School on the Y. M. C.A. floor in this city Friday night, resulted in the Paris team carryingthe score to a successful conclusion,with the final count standing 42 to28. The game was one of the mostbrilliantly-played in the history ofthe. local team, each member playingv a "championship form" game.The play was refereed by CoachAndy Gill, of the University of Kentucky. In their enthusiasm over the result, someone, just who, of course,remains a matter yet to be ascertained, painted the score in brightred pant on the show windows andside walks of a large number ofParis business houses, much to thejust and righteous indignation of theoccupant. It required the application of "much muscle" and otherthings to remove the war paintwhich the boys had applied.. oDON'T WAIT TO BE ASKED.Send in your subscription forthe Hospitai Fund to any bankiff the solictors have overlookedyou. Don't vaft to be asked.We want to finish this week.THE AGENTWHO SHOWED MEAttend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.o-PUBLIC AUCTION REAL ESTATE:Just after the Webber sale onMarch 5, we will sell 1 acre of landwith improvements of 4-roonf housewith front and back porch. Sale atStop 47.(2-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.oBIRTHDAY SURPRISE TOR POPULAR WOMAN.When Mrs. Thos. A. Higgins attended the afternoon vesper serviceat the Paris Catholic Church, Sunday, she was entirely unsuspiciousof what was to follow. At the conclusion of. the service Mrs. Higginswas taken in charge ny a delegationof women from tho congregation,and escorted to the Hall in the rearof the church. There she met theEurprise of her life.In recognition of her invaluableservices to "the church and its societies and the further fact that theday was the sixty-fourth anniversary of Mrs. Higgins' birthday, theladies had arranged a surprise forher. The Hall was beautifully decorated, and a substantial lunch wasspread, to which the assembledguests did justice.Robert S. Porter, the only memberof the male sex present made an impromptu address, congratulatingMrs. Higgins ami the ladies of thechurch, and throwing verbal flowersto everybody. Mrs. Higgins was therecipient of a number of handsomeanA useful presents. The" occasionwas 'thoroughly enjoyed by all.The last meeting of the CityCouncil for February was held mthe Council Chamber Thursdaynight, with Mayor E. B. Januarypresiding, and a full board of Councilmen present. After the transaction of of routine business the following building permits were'granted: Sam Griffith, residence atPleasant and Ninth streets, betweenNinth and Tenth streets, to costSI, 000; M. O. Biddle, garage onTwentieth street, to cost $700.City Clerk Hay den was instructed to proceed with the collection ofall delinquent taxes, licenses and accounts. Mayor January was instructed to sign sewer bonds and return cei tilled checks. The membersof the police department were supplied with copies of the rules andregulations prescribed by the city relating to the enforcement of ordinances affecting automobile traffic.The contract for use of police tele-,phones on Main street not expiringuntil July 1, the phones were ordered reinstated. The Council adopteda resolution ordering the reconstruction of Main street, and fromMain street on Third street toStoner avenue, the work to begin assoon as the weather permits.The ordinance providing for theconstruction of High and otherstreet named therein, which wasgiven its first reading' at a previousmeeting was passed. A large number of claims against the cityallowed and ordered paid. A largenumber of claitns against the citywere allowed and ordered paid.Mayor January vetoed a resolution passed at another meeting ofthe Council in which City AttorneyDundon was instructed to file suitto recover street assessment taxesfrom residents of Duncan avenue,who had declined to pay on theground that the work was unsatisfactory. . oPOUR PINE SIRES AT THE WIGGINS jtajuxl.With the recent arrival at thenrS1S.,,, GtnnTr T?flritl ftf John Wiff-gins, near Hutchison, of the finestallion, Imported Paicines, there isnow quartered there four of the finest horses in Kentucky. InportedPaicines is a well-bred son of .Suntar and Dreamy, dam of War Cloud,by Persimmon. He was purchasedrecently from A. K. Macomber, andsent by the owner to the Wigginsfarm for service this season. He isa beautiful dark bay, standing sixteen hands, and- is of faultless confirmation, and ccmes from a longline of classical winners andthe most fashioname, uu -cessful English thoroughbred families. The animal is valued at $J0.i 000 The other three are Water'vale Sported Flotsam and Ormes,dale', all high-bred and good repreIsentatives of the best strains.We Invite the PublicTo Yisit Our Storeand see on display our nice line of vSpring Voiles ;.;vOrgandiesand White Goodsi eI WENT in tePAY MY fire insurancePREMIUM last month 'AND DO you knowTHAT BLOOMING agent madeME BUY some moreFIRE INSURANCE on my-t 4.HOUSE AND contentsSAID COSTS had risenaSO I COULD not replaceHALF MY value with theAMOUNT I WAS carryingAND HE SOLD me more v ,AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE, said IWAS CARRYING only fife and theftAND THAT if I shouldRUN INTO A guy I'd heSOAKED FOR every simoleonTHE LAWYERS could pry loose,-k tAND HE MADE me tkesfA BURGLARY POLICY because,"vSO MANY ROBBERIES are beim?PULLED OFF, so whenI leftaHIS OFFICE I had been setBACK FOR A bunch of kaleA :FOR PREMIUMS, making meFEEL SORT. OF sore butDO YOU KNOW the next dayA GUY BROKE into my houseSTOLE MY WIFE'S diamonds andfSET FERE to the placeAND AS I was hurryingHOME I HIT a guy,THEREBY MAKING claims payableON .ALL MY insurancei 4BEIIVE ME that agentIS MY- FRIEND and I'm for him-HEUGHT TO be -kept alive,.D0NT YOU agree with me?,HIS JilNlris getting rare.WHAT About YOUR INSURANCE?YERKES & PEED, vRepresenting the Bssfc InsuranceCompanies.also a full line ofSpring MillinerySuits, Coatsand Dresses4at reasonable pricesHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.mmMMKMWE BELIEVEWe Save You More Money at OurCASH AND MARCH SALEThan You Can Save in Any Sale Anywhere.WE BELIEVE THIS because we give youa straight 20 discount on all goods markedat the regular price.WE DO NOT use any tags but the ones inuse at. all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURCash SavingFebruary and March- Sale -r -If you don't, your neighbor does.i-EXCEPTEDGJobe-Wernicke C?se, Columbia Grafonolas and Rtcards' ' Way Sagless Sp-ingsTHEJT.fllJVrONeO,EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY i SIXTH AND UlNMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingKfflMMWrtBHmNJ e-.vCl k-''rJ?5JV","V'-'VyyT'v-v,,v , - -,t, ,VAGESIXTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 2, l2t.:kr-LS.rv',-iV:V'MILLIONS EBPEPTO-MANGANIn Many Homes Better Health IsJust Simply a Matter ofBetter BloodHIGH COST OF LIVING STILL INCREASING.PEPTO-MANGAN IMPROVES THEBLOOD.Composed of Approved Blood-MakingElements Put Tip InLiquid and Tablet FormThe average family expenditurefor food increased two per cent inthe month ending- Jan. 15, according to statistics made public at thelabor department in Washington.This is an increase of 9 per cent,over January, 1919, and 104 percent, since January, 1913.Comparisons of retail prices paidfor forty-four articles of food, showed that twenty-nine had advancedsince December 15, while eleven haddecreased and four were unchanged.Prices of cabbage increased 33 percent, potatoes 26; granulated sugar23; onions 11; lamb 8; hens 7; flour5; sirloin steak, rib roast, chuck androast and bread, 4 each; round steakand raisins 3; rice 2; ham, evaporated milk, macaroni, baked beans,tea, coffee and bananas' 1.Decreases were reported in strictlyfresh eggs, eight per cent; butter,five; lard and canned tomatoes,three; pork chops, storage eggs andoranges, two; fresh milk, cannedcorn, canned peas and prunes, one.Articles of food unchanged in retail prices were oleomargarine, jcornmeal, corn flakes and navy beans.o 1AKRON MAN GAINSSEVENTEEN POUNDSKelly Was Barely Able To BragAround, But Peels Pine EveryDay Since Taking TanlacCOLBY APPOINTED SECRETARYOP STATE.A TIMELY SUGGESTIONThe next time you have a coughor cold try Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is pleasant to take andyou are sure to be pleased with thelelief which it -affords. This remedv has a wide reputation for its.(adv)KENTUCKY TRACKS WANT SIXTY DAYS RACING.Are you tired and weak and"blue?" Do you say to yourself,"What's the use of living? What doI get out of life, dragging throughthis drab existence in this unhappyway?You don't feel well and you don'tknow why you have so little energyto do anything, and you get all tiredout before it is done. There are mil- cures of coughs and colds.lions in busy America that havesuch feelings now and then, andthen, and they are to be pitied.But there is help. Unless some serious malady is at the bottom of theirtrouble, a few weeks of Pepto-Man-ganwill work a wonderful change.Pepto-Mangan will work a wonderful change. Pepto-Mangan puts newvigor into the blood, and the rich,is the life fluid. With plenty of rich,red blood coursing through one'sbody one is pretty likely to feelgood and vigorous and be strongand look hearty.Go to your druggist and ask for"Glide's Pepto-Mangan." Be sure tosay "Gude's." If "Gude's" is not anthe package it is not Pepto-Mangan.It is put up in both liquid and tablet form. Tell the druggist whichyou prefer. 1 j ere is no difference inmedicinal value. (adv)A special from Lexington to thedaily papers say:"It is understood here that Kentucky race tracks will ask for sixtydays of racing this spring and summer, beginning at Lexington, April22, with thirteen days of racing.Churchill Downs will ask for nineteen days and Latonia for twentyeight. Application for these datesis to be made soon to the KentuckyRacing Commission by the KentuckyJockey Club."Time is sometimes elusive, butmust of us can find tijme to findfault.'(:flaws km "T ' llSIi2I3. 1 1 ' I m W BtVJlV hhhb JpBHBP''mmm Ewm " "" t JsHaHA &Kmmmmmj yl" '.They couldn't be buUtnow for twice$7LQ6oWhen the talk turns from politics to railroads,and the traveler with the cocksure air breaksin with, "There's an awful lot of 'water' inthe railroads," here are some hard-pan factsto give him: ,American railroads have cost $80,900 a mileroadbed, structures, stations, yards, terminals, freight and passenger trains everythingfrom the great city terminals to the last spike.A good concrete-and-asphalt highway costs$36,000 a mile just a bare road, not counting the cost of culverts, bridges, etc.Our railroads couldn't be duplicated today for $150,000 a mile.They are capitalized for only $71,000 a milemuch less than their actual value. Seventy-onethousand dollars today will buy one locomotive.English railways are capitalized at $274,000 amile; the French at $155,000; German $132,000;even in Canada (still in pioneer development)they are capitalized at $67,000 a mile. Theaverage for all foreign countries is $100,000.Low capitalization and high operating efficiency have enabled American Railroads to paythe "highest wages while charging the lowestrates.t Qhis advertisement is published by theAssociation ofSlailway ExecutivesTkst dtsiring iufrmsti0m fu$tru4nt tkt nilrtad titmmHtuutsy ksin lilermtmr by writing U Tht AueciathuKtilwty Estcutiw, it Bn4wy, New Yri"Talking about medicines thathelp people, the one I always recommend is Tanlac, for it set meright four years ago and has keptme in fine shape ever since," said C.W. Kelly, of 214 Lake Street,Akron, Ohio, in a conversation withfriends, recently.Mr. Kelly has been in Akron forfourteen years. He is an influential member of the Plasterer's Union and well-known."Pretty soon after Tanlac wasput on sale here," continued Mr.Kelly, "I began taking it and in afew weeks time Iny troubles leftme and I found that I had actuallygained seventeen pounds in weight,besides. Every few months, sincethat time, I have taken a little Tanlac to insure my good health. Idon't wait until I get to feelingbad I take it while I'm feelingjood and it keeps me feeling thatway."I had been suffering for three orfour years from indigestion, disordered kidneys and rheumatism. Myappetite was gone, I had severepains in my back and felt tired andworn out all the time. I could neverget any sound sleep and always feltns tired in the mornings as when Iwent to bed at niffht. I was continually losing weight and never feltwell at any time. In damp weathermy back and arms hurt so bad withrheumatism I couldn't sleep at all.My arns pained me so bad I couldhardly get my hands up to my headand it v,as difficult, during these attacks, for me to work at all."Well, as I said, Tanlac soon relieved me of these troubles and Ihave been eating three hearty mealsa day and feeling fine ever siuce.I used to come dragging in to myboarding house in the eveningshardly able tc make it, but now youcan see me stepping about as spryas a young man. I'll be sixty years"of age in March, but no one takesme to be more than forty-five, and Ican do as much work in a day as Iever could. When my friends askme how I manage to keep in suchgood shape and look so young I always tell them Tanlac is what doesthe trick and advise them to try it.I never have a pain of any kind,sleep like a log every night, andfeel like working every day. Iwouldn't think. of being withoutTanlac, for I just think it's thegreatest medicine everimade."Tanlac is sold in Paris at Peoples'Pharmacy.WASHINGTON, March 1st.President Wilson again upset the exnpp.tations of official and political.Washington, last week by namingBainbridge Colby, a New York attorney, who left the Republican partywith Theodore Roosevelt in 1912,as Secretary of State.The selection caused scarcely lessof a sensation than the dismissal ofRobert Lansing from the State portfolio two weeks ago, and was received with such undisguished, surprise in the Senate,, where the President's choice must be approved before Mr. Colby can take up the duties of office, that none of the leaders cared to predict when confirmation might be voted.Not even among those on the inside of administration circles hadthere been any expectation that theselection would fall on Mr. Colby,who told inquirers Wednesday thathe himself had been given only avery brief notice of the President'sintention.Summoned to the'White House, hespent an hour with Mr. Wilson, announced that he would accept witha deep appreciation of the responsibility imposed upon him, and said hewould have no further comment tomake until the Senate had acted.Colby in Full Accord With WilsonOn All Public Issues, He Says.NEW YORK. March 1st. Bainbridge Colby, who was appointed Secletary of State last week by President Wilson, said in an interviewhere Wednesday night that he was"thoroughly in accord with theLeague of Nations and all other ofthe President's views of public interest." Mr. Colbv came to New York Cityfrom Washington to be at the bedside of his daughter, who is seriously ill."My sympathies have been withthe President and his work," Mr. Colby said. "This surely is clearly indicated by my appointment. Therecan be no other inference drawnfrom it."When asked as to his political affiliation, Mr. Colby said that he preferred not to make a statement onthis subject at the present time.LlrTloifsWFREE BOOK SERVICE OFEEREDBY STATE.The State of Kentucky offers theuse of books, free of charge, to ruralcommunities and schools or any educational organization desiring bookservice. The Kentucky LibraryCommission is the distributingagency.Books are loaned in traveling library groups of 50 volumes eachand for a period of six months. Theborrower pays the transportationcharges.School libraries are made up tomeet the demands of the elementary, the graded and the highschools and may be borrowed uponapplication by the principals andthe teachers.Comunity libraries are plannedfor the use of the general publicand include fiction, a few popularbooks of non-fiction and some booksfor young people.The Commission reserves a general collection of -non-fiction for thestudy and reference use of students,teachers, debating societies andclubs of all kinds. These booksmay be borrowed singly or ingroups by individuals otherwisewithout library service and areloaned for one mo-nth with the privilege of renewal, the borrower paying parcel post charges.The Commission desires to serveyour community. Its books are foryour use. Take advantage of theservice offered.For further particulars write tothe Kentucky Library Commission,Frankfort, Miss Fannie C. Rawson,Secretary.oONE CENT POSTAGE FOR DROPLETTERS APPROVEDOne cent postage for local ordrop letters was approved by theSenate Postoffice Committee, whichincorporated the reduced postageamendment of Senators Dial, SouthCarolina, and McKellar, Tennessee,Democrats, in the postoffice appropriation bills.Appropriation of $1,400,000 for atranscontinental airplane mail routefrom New York to San Franciscoalso was written into the bill, andthe cornittee adopted a subcommittee's recommendations abolishingother airplane mail services, with aproviso for private airplane contracts if transportation costs do notexceed railroad carriage.The committee added an amendment creating a commission to investigate mail transportation In metropolitan cities and terminals, including airplane, tube and tunnelprojects.oFirst Motion Pictures.The motion picture" was experimented with and test exhibitions were privately given in both this country andEurope in the early nineties, thoughIt' was not until 1)5 that the invention had so far advanced as to makea public exhibition practicable.. Thelatter part of that year they were exhibited in Europe and America.IT DOESN'T HURTWith fingers ! Corns lift out modcosts only few centsaJimjj;Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFreezone on an 'aching corn, ininstantly that corn stops hurting,then you lift it right out. Yes,magic!A tiny bottle of Freezone costsbut a few cents at any drug store,out is sumcient to remove everyhard com, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the calluses,without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful. (adv)oKENTUCKY MEN TESTIFIED INPACKERS' CASES.Six Kentucky men testified beforethe Senate Agricultural Committeeconcerning the Kenyon and. Ken-rick Bills to license and restrictbusiness, according to a sunlnaryof the testimony issued by the Institute of American Meat Packersin connection with the hearingsjust opened by the House Agricultural Committee on the AndersonBill, which is a parallel measure tothe Kenyon Bill.The witnesses from Kentucky wereHenry L. Prewitt and Lemuel Tipton, Mt. Sterling; Walter Sharp,Sharpsburg; John Duvall, Winchester; J. M. Emmart, President, Louisville Provision CcVnpany, Louisville, and Warren Rogers, Paris.The summary issued and nowpublished for the first time showsthat one hundred and ninety-fivepersons appeared before the -SenateCommittee. Of these, only abouttwelve criticized the packers andeven of these twelve some were opposed to licensing the packing industry. oWHY COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.You are often told to "beware ofa cold" but why? We wil tell you:Every cold 'weakens the lnngs, lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor the more serious diseases. People who contract pneumonia firsttake cold. The longer a cold hangson, the greater the danger, especiallyfrom the germ diseases, as a coldprepares the system for the receptionand development of the germs ofconsumption, diphtheria, scarletfever and whooping cough. Thequicker you get rid of your cold,the less the danger of contractingone of these diseases. Chamberlain's Cougn Remedy has a greatreputation as a cure for colds andcan be depended 'upon. It is pleasant to take.0 ,'Manv a cirl who is as pretty as alpicture is handicapped by an uglyframe of mind.'GLEY5WillIf HIf MfcPM a$es at work or MI mi & When you're JNbHlllllir nervoas cr tired 19nWw refreshes! mI The Flavor A W1luiHl &il7:vyyWRIGLEYSmwimimr- wm ifi mmm. vinu 'K5YOR O.w r',sithe PERFECT GUM rlHS gEJfEfUEDTightKept Rightv1920Jttrick ModelsNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursc quick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at; bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Stt.Send That Next Job off Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricesere,TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKY - pam sevev i v 1!Srmfk FrS5Ts.&. Wi vaVft. Ci.w3"-nfh en! vs. ns?tter,or short t.me.--r rit .,,. r.,;n, fm aches. - roe 3:icirbte ukva-es. Avcidm i -!..! c ::srarnres br taking,vT..aS .,.k:: -i :5s7:cWiC5o -t won- r r "ncaro "onclv fcr ::2j2jv' -f-cr, blJil-i a. ore r. - uoufclss- th6"'zor Hern-.-dy of KIIami since 1605.V'irantepc Ihrc. sire?, a" drurrr'sts-.Im'z Cor C12 nnvis Gnc2 Iv7sd.il en avi.r? boxcr.d i:-.ph co i.-.utAt:oaMadagascar Turtles.Some of the tmle of Madagascarare oval In form and very fat andpmmp; others are much thinner andfiat. In order to catch them, the natives go out to sea in the parly morning when the ocean is very smooth,and the turtles come to the surface toenjoy their morning nap.Aetna AvtoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesPLANUIffG FOE BIG DEMOCRATIC LOVE FEASTPlans for a big- Democratic lovefeast, to be held in Louisville anMarch 18, the day after the Legislature adjourns, when the partyleaders from all over the State willmeet and lay plans for" the Presidential campaign, were made at a conference attended by prominent Democratic State leaders in Louisville:All the Democratic leaders of theKentucky Legislature, the Democratic editors of the State, and leaders representing- all factions will bepresent, it was announced.Hpfmer S. Cummins, of the Democratic National Committee, is to beguest of honor and has sent his acceptance. Carter Glass has alsobeen asked to attend, but has notyet been heard from.According to the sponsored plan,a luncheon will be given the members of the Legislature on the daymentioned, followed by the banquetthat night. The Democratic Stateand Executive Committees are tojmeet, after which a list of 26 menwho are to serve as an Administrative Committee and have a big partin the direction of the Presidentialcampaign will be announced.Colonel Harry Sommers, of Elizabethtown, was chosen chairman ofthe Publicity Committee and JudgeCharles A. Hardin heads the Committee on Arrangements. Other members are P. H. Callaban, Harry.Sommers and W. A. Catliff.o!STOMACH 0. K.A.J. F ED ECAGENTIndigestion, Acidity, Sournessand Gases ended with"Pape's Diapepsin"t" ilitl't""tltl'"" l I !Millions of people know that it isneedless to be bothered with indigestion, dyspepsia or a disorderedstomach. A few tablets of Pape'sDiapepsin neutralize acidity andgive relief at once.When your meals don't fit and youfeel uncomfortable, when you belchgases, acids or raise sour, undigested fopd. When you feel lumps ofindigestion pain, heartburn or headache, from acidity, just eat a tabletof Pape's Diapepsin and the stomachdistress is gone.The cost is so little. The benefitsso great. You, too, will be a Diapepsin enthusiast afterwards.(adv)nDon't depend upon others to doyour thinking for you, especially ifyou think you can do your ownthinking.MUmZMJrWW-iSltU-TrTTT'-znzinznz:m-mmI The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates," Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLMERET. W. SPICERmRLMAIN STREETiiT t j. iOPP. COURT HOUSE.,.. ., .iBlHMtM-ilsskSSSHDHEAR EAST BELIEFEOBERT GRAF'S CREEDRobert Graf, a locomotive engineer of Celina, O., gave $3,500, theproceeds from the sale of Sis' hometo buy an orphanage for the helpless babies of Armenia. The following extracts are taken from his reply to a member of Near East Relief who was reluctant about accepting the contribution:"It seems to me a man doesn'tget much out of this life unless heis willing to put something into it."The Lord has been pretty good toto us, and its no use telling Himabout it without demonstrating. Hemight be like the man from Missouri. "We have been very careful tokeep our standard of living close tothe spiple life, otherwise we wouldnever have been able to give theArmenians or anyone else a boost.As you know a man in overallsdoesn't usually get much more thanhe earns."Of course we could enjoy autosand high life, but after all, there issome satisfaction in just living in'A house by the side of the road.'"You know a man's got to stickhis face up against the wind a goodmany times to earn $1,500, and Ijust wanted to make sure the moneywas getting there, that's all."I'm a hard loser all right, and ifI should ever find that things havebeen misrepresented, or any of themoney gone astray I would feelpretty sore and no doubt raise thedevil about it, but if we all hesitated or refused to take hold on thataccount, the Armenians would allbe in Heaven or some other place bynow."oPARIS EVIDENCE FOR PARISPEOPLE.The Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter StrangersHome testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris Inan's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof that backsDoan's Kidney Pills.Phillip M. Heller, proprietormeat market, 722 Main street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills a,few times in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequently, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint. I think they are a splendidkidney medicine and gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply a3k for a kidney remedyget Doan's' Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oTRANSYLVANIA WOMEN OFFERED DEVELOPMENT.iMmn-mi-v.-,.-;'!:viit-g;i32HEQE3EJSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTINti AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Hme Phont 359PARIS, KENTUCKY(till July ir--" -Rough Roads for Wheels AreSmooth Roads for PassengersWATCH Overland 4 on buoyant road action of a large,rough cobbles or un- heavy car with the economypaved roads. The wheels fol- in upkeep, fuel and tires, andlow surface inequalities, but convenience of handling of athe new Triplex Springs give scientifically designedlightcaxvcar and passengers remarkableriding steadiness.They give 130-inch Springbase to a car of 100-inchwheelbase.This makes for the gentlyAuto-Lite starting and lighting, door -opening curtainsand dash light give but a hintof the completeness and quality which characterize everything about Overland 4.1?rvDICEERSON & SONPhones 436 106-8 Tenth St.'TRANSYLVANIA COLLEGEANOTHER LIBRARY.GETS3-... ttM9kS!WTProfessor E. C. Miller, of the Department of Mechanical Drawing ofTransylvania College, has been asked to recommend women studentsfor tiacing work by the H. KoppersCoke Oven Plant at Lorain, Ohio.The letter from the company statesthat the women can do the workmore quickly than men and thatthey will be paid the same salary asmale qmployes.Not only was Prof. Miller offeredemployment for any of his womenstudents now qualified to accept it,but future graduates were assuredof profitable employment whenready to accept it. Four years agothe Koppers plant would not employwomen in their drafting department.oState of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm willpay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of theSvste'm. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv). ,47 TROTTERS BRING AVERAGEOE $305.i Forty-seven head of trotters were! gold at public auction in LexingtonWednesday, by . the Kentucky SalesCompany, for an average of $305 ahead. The top price of the day, $2,200. was paid by Gen. C. C. Watts,of Charleston, W. Va., for the weanling bay colt, Stewart Watts.At the sale Wm. H. Whalev. Jr..j of Paris, bought Little Empress, bim. (19), by Electric Bell LittlePrincess, by Kentucky Prince, for$45; Princess Eaton, br. m. (18),by The Earlmont Ecka, by Rich. ford Baron, for4'5", and Grace B. b.m. ( 7 ) , by Peter Billiken LorentAshurst. by Locanda, for $130. J.Miller Ward, of Paris, purchasedWar Boy, b. c. (1), by GeneralWatts Belleburn, by Peter Leg-burn, for $100. -oThe .he's do not like to go to a?, tea;and hear the she's tee-hee.Transylvania College has receivedanother library, the gift of Dr. A.Busk, of New York, who has presented about 250 volumes of medicalbooks, including the ancients, aswell as the moderns, from the timesof Galen Hippocrates to the latestdevelopments in medicine and surgery, to the institution.Dr. Buck used the. old medicalbooks in Transylvania's library inresearch work for his book, "TheDawn of Modern Medicine," in thepreface of which he tells of the greatvalue of Transylvania's old medicalbooks as a connecting link betweenthe medicine of other days and thepresent.oHAS HAD STOMACH TROUBLEFOR SEVEN YEARS.Theodore Sanford, of Fenmore,Mich., has had stomach trouble forseven years and could not eat vegetables or fruit without pain in thestomach and restless nights. Bytaking Chamberlain's Tablets he isnow able to eat vegetables or fruitwithout causing pain or sleeplessness. If troubled with indigestionor constipation give these tablets atrial. They are certain to provebeneficial.(adv)oNotable among those who haveaided in the emancipation of womanis the inventor of the pencil sharpener.A MAN AND HIS WIFEBRIGHTER jfeEVENINGS2 fImay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy youA phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlectricitifor iwmIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Seating and CoohingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.ParisGas ;& Electric Co.(Inctrrwted"Ladies and Gentlemen "Introducing a series of advertisements by theTelephone Company, for the mutual good ofthe Company, its patrons and the service 'To give you some interesting .facts about thetelephone business and the operation of thetelephone exchangeTo show you why. for your own benefit, theremust be certain rules and regulations in theoperation of the telephone system; why somespecial services arc impossible, and why telephone '"troubles" sometimes occurTo make suggestions helpful to you in your ownuse of the telephone, that the utmost of cooperation between company and patrons may beassured '"for the sood of the service."''At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)ii . amiim u ! m wiiHLi BiinumuiiHeadquarters For FeedAT..COLLIERWe have a fine lot of mixed feed; also white oats andfertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Offlct Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumfetrlaml Phant 97Warthauaa Hama Phat 2S7'-,. liHl?CTlWIWmMMmil fe,: ?7-aqH2JEET". "-Hw it;.v,i-r,4?V "insA.?w, vjt ',A!- ..vV."c-S-PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KENTUCKYTUESDAY MAUCH 2, l2t.-rr "jr- fi,,1?-!:;r' j'-MILLERSBURGRegular meeting of City Counfl "Wed&esday evening.Regular meeting of AJnity3dge Sfo. 40, F. & A. M., at 7:00tclock this evening.Mrii W. M. Vimont, of MaysmBe arrived Thursday as. -the. guesterf his mother- and sister, Mrs. Max-"28 vimont, a.nd Miss Florence ViHiont. "Mr. William Ritchie, who has&een cohfined to his hifme in theSrambltte House since his returnikBm the St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, 'is able to be out again.Mrl J. 0. Ralls has sold his:roperty recently purchased from.ISIrEL Mary Whaley, to Mr. ThomasThorn and mother, who had been occupying the home. Mr. and Mrs.SL&Hs are not yet located.7 For the past several weeks MilSeisburg has been suffering from acoal f;4aiine, which was slightly reI&nred Saturday, when three cars ofiaal was received. Unless otherars arrive in a few days the conditions-will still continue bad.THE SICK The many friendsa Dr. C. B. Smith will be glad tolearn that he is improving nicely atike Massie Memorial Hospital, Paris.We are glad to report that E. M.3ngels, R. X.. Powell, T. P. Redmon.said family 'are improving nicely." 2Jttle ,Miss Katherine Jones, whoStats been ill at the lulne of hergrandmother, Mrs. Adah McClintock,for several weeks, with pneumonia,-ra able to return to her home Sun-Mr. William Fulton, who hasconducted a birger shop here for thepast ''two months, gave up his shop3ast week, leaving for parts unknown, as his whereabouts has not;ret been learned. A few mionthsago, Mr. Scott, of Carlisle father-in-2a.wof Mr. Fulton, purchased thebarbershop fixtures of Mr. J. C.Camber, for his son-in-law, Mr. Fulton-As soon as the deal was madeTOr. Fulton entered on his woik atMice in the property of Mr. E. C.Hawkins, and for a time did nicely,aefcen suddenly he left Millersburg,and has not since returned. Nospecial cause has been assigned for3as leaving. No Friday, Mr. Scottmoved the fixtures from the properly to Carlisle. A few days before3Ir. Fulton left Millersburg, Mr. E.e. Hawkins sold the property occu--piedby the Fulton shop to R. S. Let"n'and J. C. Cumber, who will openi shop in the same building to-day.Millersburg was overrun with-sales Saturday afternoon. The home(taf Mr. W- G. Sugg was not offeredSrar sale, as advertised, as Mr.Sugg declined to sell at this time.The household effects of Mr. J. H.Collier, and the same of Mr. E. T.Sbeeler, with his large carpenterTOtfit was sold, everything bringinggsood prices, notwithstanding theils.greeable weather, and the factSxzz the two sales wTere at differentrts of the town. Both of theseibtmilies are to leave our county intiie next few days. Mr. Collier, son-and grandson will go to Paris. Theysane among our mbst substantial citiieens. For the past two years Mr.TRT. E: Collier has been connectedwith the Bourbon Lufenber Co., ofTrhich his brother, Mr. M. P. Collier,& the head. With the death of Mrs.J. H. Collier, in November, 1919,tin family war broken up, and theydecided to go to Paris, where W. E.Collier will be nearer his business,mnf can have son and father withaini. Mr. E. T. Sheeler, wife, sonand daughter, will leave Wednesday,accompanied by his father, Mr. H.a. Sheeler, for Beaumont. Texas,-rhere they will make their futurehome. Mr. Sheeler has "resided inthis oh4munitjr since quite a smallboy. We recommend these people tothe good people of Beaumont, andwish them much- success,, in. theirnew home and new field of labor. 2-The following: homes willchange occupants this week: Mr.and Mrs. T. W. Current will movefrom their property on Trigg avenue, to that recently purchased bythem from Mrs. W. M. Miller, on,Main street. Mrs. W. M.. Miller and'family have tnoved from their homeon Main street to their property onMain street vacated by Mr. and Mrs.D. L. Leseett. Mr. Thomas Farris'and family from the property of Mr.Roy Endicott on Eighth street tofarm of Mr. William Wright. Mr.G. L. Kill "and family from a partof the hd-ne of Mrs. W. M. Miller tothe property of TNlr. Roy Endicott',vacated by Thomas Farris andfamily. Mr. and Mrs. James Ellington from the property on Eighthstreet to their farm recently purchased from Mr. Shrout. Mrs. HenryPatterson and family to their property on Eighth street, vacated byJames Ellington and wife, fromtheir farm recently sold to Mr. F.C. Caldwell. Mr. Collier and familyfrom their property recently sold onNorth Main street, to Mr. JamesMartin, to Paris. Mr. James Martinand f&bi ly to his property recentlypurchased from Mr. Collier, from hisfarm. Mr. J. W. Markland and family, from the property of Mr. C. C.Chanslor, to the farm of Mr. G. W.Bramblette. near Winchester. Mr.C. C. Chanslor and family, to hiproperty recently vacated by TVIr. J.W. Markland fro'm his farm -latelysold. Mr. E. T. Sheeler and family,from his property on Vimont street,recently sold to Mr. ,Wood, of BlueLicks, to Beaumont, Texas. Mr. BertMcClintock and family from hisborne recently sold to Mr. Toadvine,to Paris. Mr-. Toadvine and familyto his propei ty recently purchasedfrdmv Mr. Bert McClintock," onTrigg avenue, from their farm. Mr.G. E. Reynolds and family to hisproperty recently purchased fromMr. T. W. Current, on Trigg avenue,from the home of her father, Mr. E.M. In gels.TMFil AHA iyn JI4DI& AllAkJI II A J Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 34cL. ft-riv ii ms vjwib AUIUlSSlUli;Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2fcTODAY, TUESDAYGLADYS BROCKVteLLin "Thieves"A drama of the, slums, society,- loveand regeneration.RUTH ROLANDin "The Adventures ojf Ruth"A romantic serial of daring deeds andthrilling suspense.and Prizma Color Picture"Old Faithful"Tomorrow, WednesdayCharlotte Walkerin "Eve in Exile"- A.gripping drama of the love of threemei. iuT-a beautiful woman.ADDED FEATURES"Topics of the Day"Bray Pictographand Sunshine Comedy"Chicken a la Cabaret'9Thursday, March 4thOWEN MOOREin "Sooner or Later99Treat yourself to the best laugh of theseason and there's a pretty fove story,too.Also Vod - a - Vil Moviesand Pathe ReviewGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningbody was sent ,to Covington, andwas brought to this city Saturdaymorning for burial. The funeralwas held at St. Peter's Episcopalchurch at 10:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. Dr. Clingman, of Covington. The burial followed on the Arnold lot in the ParisCemetery. The pall-bearers wereCharlton Alexander, Hugh Brent,Amos Turney, Jos. Ewalt, FrankSledd and Garrard Daugherty.1 MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedSaturday hy the County Clerk ofFayette county, at Lexington, toMenry Moore, soldier, New York,and Miss Bessie "West, of Paris.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCah Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oPUBLIC AUCTION SEAL ESTATE.Just after the Webber sale onMarch 5, we will sell 1 acre of landwith improvements of 4-room housewith front and back porch. Sale atIStop 47KLUMP.Helen Louise Klu'mp, two-months-olddaughter of Mr. andMrs. John Klump, residing nearRuddles Mills, was found dead, evdently from strangulation caused bycold, when her parents awoke earlyyesterday morning. Coroner Rudolph Davis was notified and conducted an investigation, adducingthe child's death to have resultedfrom accident. Funeral servicedconducted at the grave in the Jacksonville Cemetery at ten o'clock thismorning, by Rev. J. R. Jones.A marriage license was issuedFriday afternoon from the office ofthe County Clerk at Carlisle, to Luther Thompson, of Nicholas county,and Miss Lorine Berry, daughter ofMrs. Emma Berry, of Millersburg.(2-2t)HARRIS & SPEAKES.DEATHS.RANKIN.A. T. Rankin, one of the bestknown and most popular citizens ofHarrison county, died recently at hishome near Florence, Ky., where hehad purchased a farm. Mr. Rankinwas the father of several sons anddaughters, one son, Drv George L.Rankin, residing at ishawhan, inthis county. The funeral and burial took place at Benson, Ky., besidethe body of -h'is wife, who precededhim to the grave about ten yearsago.j DANIELS.Miss Eleanor Arnold Daniels,j aged seventeen, of Covington, diedjof influenza, in New York, whereI &he had been attending college. The?:?.V -rF&i.rt :ZJl TK " i". " 'jrtej ,.rV i. J?c & Jl W .w&;k. v'iijsi.' vyr! --r. 1 1 a v KaUU -2ft 1 14- r r& sktss sr w x' ill I U LISI vtfr SP 49?MQa Iry2ti3wiSart H fli A Hw m i m wm mm wl aPHONOGRAPH I.W) Records !n ... i1!1 'BELL.Miss Elizabeth Bell, aged sixteen, died Friday morning at theMidway Orphan School, after a shorillness- of pneumonia. She is survived by her mother, Mrs. Mary C.Bell, three brothers, Capt. ErnestBell, of Chattanooga, Tenn, JohnBell, pf Bellsville, Ark., RobertBell, of Hutchison, this county,three sisters, Mrs. J. L. Denton, ofParis, Mrs. J. P. Jewell, of Clintonville, and Miss Marietta Bell, ofHutchison.The body was brought -to theWiehl & Son undertaking establishment in Lexington, from where thefuneral was held Saturday, the Interment following on the family lotin the Lexington Cemetery.The following marriage licenseswere issued Saturday and j'esterdayfrom the office .of County ClerkPearce Paton: Silas Smith and Mrs.Cora Shoemaker, both of the county;George H. Blythe, 26, and MissAlthia Osborne, 21, Route S, Paris.McINTYRE EDWARDS.John T. Edwards, 21, and MissMollie B. Mclntyre, 21, both of Muir,were married in Paris at the hcjneof the officiating minister, Rev. W.E. Ellis, partor of, the Paris Christian church. The couple secured amarriage license from County ClerkPearce Paton.NOTES FROM THE LODGESCARPENTER.Mrs. Emilia Bagga Carpenter,aged eighty-one, a well-known resident of the Hutchison vicinity, diedat the St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, Friday afternoon, after along illness. While standing infront of an open grate at her homeon February 14 her clothing becameignited from the flames, inflicting ssrious burns. She was taken to theSt. Joseph Hospital, where she lingered until her death.The body was brought to her oldhome, from where the funeral washeld Sunday afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery at three o'clock.The pall-bearers were George Jacoby, John Steele, Alonzo Ginn, O.B. Llovd, C. B. Ecton and J. W. Ja-coby..v- -f4if'Hnn't Put a .vx on tne Beautiful Gitls . " . )AtihsI-liRli IJrown Babies' Bull ... ) 2"60Don't You Remember Those School Days .I Gave Her That ' J 2":'3I've Found the Girl That I've Been Looking For )Old Fashioned Garden ....... J 22257Byc-Lo . . . tLet the Rest of the World Go By . . . J 22259Now I Know ) ,,,-,Bless My Swance River Home ... j z-2Why Don't You Drive My Blues Away? Intro. )"Save Your Money, John" 22266Swanee ........ )Only .v 'Hawaiian Bluebird . ZZ2Poor LSule Butterfly Is a Fly Girl Now. Intro. )"Wbt'j Worth While Waiting For" . .1 ZZ1MSleigh' Bells )I'm So Sympathetic . . . . ?,,My Isle of Golden Dreams . . ( . ) 22ZPPF- Intro. "Rose of Romany" .. )Teat of Arab.. Intro. "Wond'rin" . J 2227vThe Pythian Sisterhood, theKnights of Pythias auxiliary, willhold an important meeting in thelodge room on next Thursday night,March 4. A full attendance of themembership is earnestly requested.Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knightsof Pythias, will confer the FirstRank on a number of candidates atthe meeting to be held in their Cas-"tie Hall, in the Wilson building, atthe corner of Main and Third streets,next Thursday night. After thebusiness session there will be--'some-t-hingdoing," oo announced by theEntertainment Committee. All members are urged to talce notice of thechange of meeting time.or oMlOU R employers,the public, havefound u to be reliable and capable.The qualky of theservice rendered byus reflects creditupon our profession.feiilMFlTTITniK III ilThe News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done 1 Rightr.Brooks & SnappDruggistsINGELS.Mrs. Agnes Ingels, aged sixtythree, formerly of Paris, who hasbeen residing in Lexington for several years, was struck and killedFriday afternoon by an army truckr.t Hot Springs, Ark., while endeavoring to cross a street in frontof the machine. The full particulars of- the accident had not beenlearned when the news of her deathreached here.Mrs. Ingels was the widow of tholate Ben C. Ingels, who was forvnoTiv vAavR a. imminent dry goodsmerchant of Paris, residing on SouthMin strfifit. About fifteen 'yearsago, with her family she moved toLexington, where sne naa siuw icrided. She went to Hot Springsabout two months ago for .a visit toher daughter, Miss Belle Ingels,who is engaged in Y. W. C. A. there,and had intended returning to Lexington yesterday. Preparations forher return Tuesday were beingmade at the time news of the fatalaccident was received. Her son.Leslie Ingels, of Lexington, ien 101rfot. Snrinjrs, Saturday, immediately! upon receipt of the news.Mrs. Ingels was a woman of high'intellectual attainments and during'her residence in Paris took a leadjing part in the literary and sociallife of the city. She had la largenumber of warm friends here whoh,Qo,.,i wifh ihp. deenest regret of heritragic -death and by whom her lossis sincerely mournea.Mrs. Ingels is surivived by three,o,icrhtr: aTips Belle Ingels, cf Hot,Springs, 'Ark., Miss Kate Ingels,headier in the Lincoln School, atLexington, Mips Margaret Ingels,'engaged in mechanical engineeringwork in New York, ana two um,,Lieut. Ben. C. Ingels, in uiu u. o.rmy service, stationed at Atlanta,rTa., and Leslie Ingels, of Lexington. .The body, accompanied by Mr.and 'Mrs. Leslie Ingels, and MissesKate and Belle Ingels, arrived mLexington, Sunday night, and wastaken to ner iaie mue, 00 a " "boro avenue. The funeral was heldat 5 the residence yesteraay - aiteinoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted, by Rev. Dr. E. T. Edmonds, pastor of the Woodland avenue Christian church, assisted byBev.; Dr. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville. Following the services at the,: !,. lvnfiv wuci hrousht to -Paris'where the interment took place onihp familv lot in tne raris emuii.vat three o'clock.1Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCxj saleThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity-beenoffered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider theadvance market prices.BUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALF1 111urniTRAKlUMRtfUSMTOfrJLTrytf1IWl -6UfXltf.IIShoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesMarriage is a lottery, but a manshould invest in only one ticket ct?'.iLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to 7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glazed Kid highgrade boots, values to $8.50.Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray Kid Bootsreduced to $3,4-5Big lot Ladies' $5.00 Tan Cloth TodLace Boots reduced to $2,99Big lot Ladies' Kid Shoes, warmlined, $3.00- values, at $ 1 .99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.99Dark Tan English, Gun Metal and YiciKid, values to $8.50. IAnother lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlacjc Good Work jShoes at $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at $ 1 .69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to ..$2.99Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoesreduced to $1 .OOBoys', Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00 Shoes at $ 1 .99Boys' and Youths' .High GradeShoes, worth $5.50, at $3,4-9DAN COHEN35s Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Ecoriomy RcijnAiuHoi-&ume.s 1Xi- '!...C1 .ev- J-.-iv , vvVr -'iH''ti4'r-.- ' Aa , v- . . . XJ.