. 3 - " "H.i.if,a-vrf"tf&THE BOURBONVOLUME XLHEi:i BRUCE ADDRESSES LARGEINTERESTED AUDIENCEF. Inics opened up for the fallcai p. S in the Presidential raceu-day with the address at theoorr house in the afternoon by MrHeln Bruce, of Louisville. MrBruce was introduced to the audience ty Hon. B M. Dickson, in aspeech full of feeling, delivered inIns usual impressive way. Mr. Brucespoke for an hour and a half, devoting mo? of the time to tfce Leagueof Nations. He was given the closes! attention, and his fapiiliarityvilli nis fcuojeci enaoiea him to precenr m its most favorable light thatmuchly-discussed project..Vr Brace is an independentvotf and his alignment in De,mocr.ii'c lanks is indicative of thesrounG swell among the independentpiocrtsive voters of Kentucky. Atvariors limes Mr. Bruce has supported the Democratic tickets. In1917 ve supported the Republicanticker in Louisville because he believed it or the best interests of thecity His attitude carries particular weight with the Republican voters this fall. It is the moral and.-p'ritual issue involved in theLeap. of Nations that influencedMr. Bruce to swing his influence toj'ic Democratic cause this November.To lnrn the only hope for worldpeace is through the agency of President James M. Cox and a Democratic Senate."At- 1 my biuluer's keeper?" sthe K-ue of the campaign, accordingio Mr. Bruce. "The issue is simplemd easily understood." he said."The Democrats favor going into theLeague of Nations, the Republicansare opposed tc it. A vote for Harding will be to vote against goingin. A vote for Cox is to enter theLeague, and it will be so understoodthe world over. That I do not mistate the meaning of the Republicancandidate and ticket is testified toby the fact that Senators Johnsonmd Borah, avowed and bitter opponents, not only of this but of anyleague. are satisfied with Harding-sposition." Referring to Harding'sxague declaration in favor of aHague Tribunal with teeth in it,because Harding recognizes thatthe Court is at present powerless,Mr. Bruce s;ud that the Republicanscandidate does not deign to "tell howhe will peiform this dental operation. :'One thing is clear," said thespeaker, "the teeth will be faloteeth."Mr. Bruce took up in details various anicles of the League covenantand explained in easily comprehensible fashion how they operated."For my pari," said Mi. Bruce, "Ido not hesitate one moment to declare myself in favor of an agreement, a binding agreement, whichwhich will operate tc keep worldpeace, in the first place, through thecompelling power of public opinion;in the second place by the operationof economic measures, such as theboycott and the severance and cessation of all communications, thusPARIS BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1920FALSE ALARMS KEEP HRE DEPARTMENT BUSY.Three false alarms and two smallfires kept the fire department busybetween Saturday night and Sunday?S M- Someone evidently anxiousto see the new auto fire fighter make? r turned in alarms from boxesm different parts' of the city. Thedepartment responded to two alarmwhere small blazes were quickly extinguished with no property lossesm either case. A detei mined effortis to be made by the authorities tolocate the parties who arP tnmitirin false alarms, and a vigorous pros'couuiuii will 10110W.ORPHAN BRIGADE HAVE GREATTIME AT XALAPAUNKNOWN ITALIANS IDENTITYNOW ESTABLISHEDNFW3 ' -'' PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN " THE YEAR. - ', . '.-"i: JZr!SSJffl! Lf ent and Painstaking ef.Paris, the veterans of T" SELL dn nh 7L, . S Crone.rBrigade and tho.v ,- X'? ." .,..T r:,': "uu. "?. IOttl an gen-- -- -"w b"CDio, me exvyumeueraLe fcoiaiersand LightningFire, WindInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanSEVERELY BURNEDFormer Councilman John Mernnger is carrying his right hand ina mass of medicated 'bandages as thelesult of a recent accident. A pocket of gas exploded while Mr. Merringer was attaching a gas burnerio a heating apparatus at his plumbing establishment Friday afternoon,inflicting burns about the head andhand. But it would take more thana gas explosion to disturb the jovialgood nature and the hearty laughthat make John Merringer so popular a man.accomplishing isolation, stagnationand staivation of the recalcitrantnation, and lastly, if necessary, andonly if necessary, by force, to "whatever extent is needed. It is saidthat we give some of our independence by entering the League. Thatis true only in the sense that anyman who makes a contract gives upsome of his independence. If I agreeto go to voik for you all day tomorrow I give up the right I wouldotherwise have to go on an all-daypicnic. Eut ii I am adequately compensated for my work I am not theloser. A savage is freer lhan a member of civilized society. But the member of society is compensated for theloss of absolate freedom by the protection society gives him. And so a"nation which joins a society of nations gives up some of its absoluteindependence, but is cofmpensated forit by the assured peace of theworld, including itself. And as wcire a part of the world, we have Irights in it, obligations to :1, and wcare interested in its peace."'In conclusion Mr. Bruce said: "Noone claims that the League covenantis perfect. If it were, it would be amiracle. It is the work of imperfecthuman beings, of men who wereworking without a model, and upona difficult subject. Let us vote forthe League of Nations next November 2, by casting our voteb for Coxand Roosevelt and Beckham, whofavor it Let us vote and work andpray for the peace of the world."FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSEarly Fall ShowingofSuitsCoatsDressesSkirtsFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaistsJust Received, ,'f4FRARK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSiOf Pnric o?i1Bourbon county were eiits i?ril1,at the Xalapa Farm of Edward FSijinms, near Paris. The nmhaneand their guests were conveyed tothe farm in automobiles and motortrucks, gayly floating the Nationaland Confederate colors. They wereaccompanied by John C. Weber'sband, from Cincinnati.Arriving at the Xalapa Farm, theywere received by Mr. Ben Bucknei,resident manager. Mrs. Buckmr nHMiss Lucy B. Simms, sister of Mr.aimiKs, rue latter not being able toattend. Aftei the formalities hadbeen gone over they were taken onan inspection tour of the estat(marveling at its extent and beauty!Old-time camp-fiies had been builtat different points on the farm,around which the veterans gatheredand reviewed the trying scenes of'61-65. Music by Weber's Band enlivened the occasion.At noon an old-fashioned burgoodinner wosvseived the visitors on twplong tables, decorated with Confederate and American flags and a profusion of beautiful flowers, grown onthe farm. While enjoying the after-dinnercigars, the veterans listened to a splendid address delivered,on their invitation, by Hon. E. M.Dickson, of Paris. As he recited thehistory of the many thrilling engagements in which the OrphanBrigade took part, te was frequently inteirupted by the oldreuei yen, as me veterans grewenthusiastic. At the conclusion ofthe meeting the Omhans and theirguests were brought back to Paris,where they bid good bye to their entertainers. Ie was the unanimousopinion, expressed in a set of resolutions, that this was the most enjoyable reunion the Orphans had passedin many years.Edward F. Simims, who is a son ofCol. William Simms, a wai veteranand member of the ConfederateCongress, was unable to be present.Mr. Simms sent a lengthy telegramto Mr. Harry Holt, which was readat the meeting, as follows:"Please say to the veterans of theOrphan Brigade and other Confeder-tac soldiers who are honoring us byUieir presence at Xalapa Farm to-to-daythat only circumstances of,the jmost imperative nature requiring my presence here, could havepresented me from being nesent inKentucky 10 greet them at our placeIt is a high privilege that Bourboncounty enjoys in having such distinguished guests, and in behalf of thecounty as well as for Xalapa, I begto extend to these old soldiers a mostcordial and affectionate welcome.They belong to a great generation ofKentuckians. Their devotion to dutyand principle, their brilliant military record, will ever remain one ofthe proudest pages in the history ofour State and Nation. As long asthe South, nay, the Nation, takestake? pride in its ancient memoriesof chivalry, of unfaltering courageand unselfish devotion to principle,the names of these men will be honored and revered, and their gallantdeeds extolled. It is the seed of theirstock and of their adversaries of thesixties who wore the blue, that fatopped the Hun in the great Europeanwar jus. closed, and although theheart is saddened by the tnought ofthe thousands of American youngsoldiers who now sleep the longsleep on those distant foieign shores,we know that while our Nation hasimplanted in the hearts of its citizenship this spirit of high courageand heroic sacrifice, the spirit of soldiers of the Confederacy, a willingness to suffer, to die, if need be, forprinciple, to give all and do all forthe cause believed to be just, ourNation and our people will survive.and the institutions of human liberty and freedom set up by our forefathers be preserved to humanityforever and forevermoie. Thesedistinguished veterans have lived tosee the perpetuation in later generations of their own heroic spirit andheroic deeds, a,nd we of to-day felicitate ourselves that our generationhas known theirs. They have ouradmiration and our love. We honorthem and cherish them as we do allthat it noble, all that is knightlyand fine in the best traditions of ourrace."Mrs. Ben Hardin Helm, with hedaughters -and son, Mrs. Lewis, MissKatherine Helm, and Ben HardinHelm, were Lonored guests duringthe meeting. Mrs, Helm is "Motherof Orphan Brigade," and her portrait appeared on the badges of red,white and blue, worn by the veterans of the Brigade. Her husbandcommanded the Brigade, and afterhis death they gave Mrs. Helm thehonorary title. In the addressesmade during the reunion beautifultiibutes were paid to her.The following Confederate visitorsattended the reunion:D. N. Gordon, Pewee Valley, Company A, Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry;R. S. Hall, Pewee Valley, CompanyD, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry; A. N.Kiser, Pewee Valley, Company C,Fifth Kentucky Cavalry; AndrewBroadus, Louisville, Ky., Company I,Second Kentucky Cavalry; JohnChipley, Cynthiana, Company E,(Fifth Kentucky Regiment; Joseph E.'Hedges, Paris, Ky., Company C,' Ninth Kentucky Regiment; JosephW. Wasson, Paris, Ky., Company D,Ninth Kentucky Regiment; HarryPVJ J"lf-i - 1 - 1 I - -tX .7"iajs OI tne Louisville &Nashville railroad the identity of?ira(Um?n wh0 has been at th Geo.W. Davis undertaking establishmentin this city for several weeks, has, ?, conclusively established. The man proves to be JoeGarda, of Detroit, Mich.It will be recalled that Garda frcompany with another Italian, presumably one James Thomas, becameinsane while riding on a m-rthboundpassenger train of the Louisville &A.nshville, a few miles below Faris.Garda, after desositing his goldwatch, some papers and $120 in eoldcoin on the seat, leaped from thewjuuuw oi me car while the trainwas going at a high rate, of speed.He sustained injuries which resulted in his death a few days after hehad been received at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. Coroner Davis had a photo and deathmask made of the man. These, witha full description of the dead man,wore used in an effort to "establishhis identity. Copies were forwarded to Detroit, Mich., where the most.promising clue had developed. LastFridpy, Coroner Davis received the(following letter, which set'- thematter as rest:"Detroit, Mich., Sept. 29."Dear Sir: Replying to your letter of September 25, I wish to statethat our officers interviewed JohnHatheze, living at 55 HarwoodPlace, and he identified the , photograph you sent me as that of Joetxaraa, who was rooming at thisplace, and who left here September2 for Kentucky in company withJijm Thomas, and they have heaidnothing from him since that time,Our officers made inquiries and foundthat Garda had a bank account atthe Bank of Detroit, but drew outbalance of $300 on the had he lefthere. John Hartheze will communicate further with you."Sincerely Yours,"EDWARD H. FOX,"Chief of Detectives."The body, which was embalmed,is in a good state ot nreservationat the George W. Davis undertakingrooms, and it is probable that theremains will be claimed by relatives and sent to Detroit for burial.Coroner Davis received the following letter from R. W. Bondurant,Postjmaster at the Lynch Mines,Kentucky, whose aid had been enlisted in the hunt:"Attached you will find newspaperclippings, photograph and card,which was sent to this office by youon September 12. These were turned over to Mr. Steve Lucas, transportation agent for the UnitedStates Coal and Coke Co., of thiscity. The reason they have notbeen returned sooner is that theywere taken to Detroit by Mr. Lucason his recent trip' to try tc identifythe man, as he did not know whohe was." l 'OCTOBER nOTTOT TlAV nvrccc -da-dt. -,-fxr0 Aijijuaxuflg vox-, 'cuvD AX UVUKX HOUSESpeaking Saturday night at the -court house in this city, to a larjra- ,....o,y, JUnj iHu-wurus oi wnomwore women. Miss Iva Roberts, ofDanville, expounded in a very eloquent and comprehensive mannerthe doctrine of Democracy fropi 'a.woman's viewpoint. The speakerwa& introduced to the audience, hvThe political speaking by Mr.Helm Biuce, of Louisville, at thecourt house yesteiday, was the occasion for a much larger' crowd ofCourt Day visitors in the city thanthere vould have been otherwise.Busy, as the farmers are, they wouldnot havo deserted their pressingwork for anything else. The attendance was unusually good, but fromouixctcc maicaiions, tnere v as vervi-T tit" -T ouuicm,c. ujJ "'& thi usuaei Court d & SS .?"'!-Mvuiuuii uuu'ilv irRiniimioinflfic 'pvia .... .i.iuoAunroo. j. ixc aiuuh. marKet wasdull and sluggish, the offerings comprising a jmixed variety of horses andcattle, which brought fairly goodprices. Merchants report only a moderate volume of business, but withcollection good. Politics and the tobacco situation combined" formed themain topics among the farmers whocame to the city. The usual itinerant exhorters held forth, on the public square, as one farmer remarked: "ItV- a good day for talking, butnot much of a business day."Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold in,front of the court house door forSilas E. Bedford and Dr. BruceSmith, executors of the estate of thelate Aaron Smedley, five UnitedStates $500 bonds of the first issue,for $88.75 on the hundred, fivebonds of the second issue, for $ 88.00on the hundred, and four $400bonds, of the third issue, for $78.60,all being taken by George W. Wilder. He also sold a Liberty Bond,$250 denomination, pioperty of theSmedley estate, to Harry L. Mitchell.for $96.oFUR COLLARED OVERCOATSWill be good style this year, 30we have prepared an especially attractive line cf fur trimmed garments priced reasonably.J. W. DAVIS & CO.RENEWED PLEDGES TO HOLYNAME SOCIETY.cratic women's Campaign Committee. Miss Roberts stated in her opening remarks that she came to Pariswith a message fropi the leaders ofthe Democratic party, principallyto urge upon the white women of.the city to register on Tuesday, Oc--tober5, and to fully inform themselves on all the issues between the .parties, and to go to the polls iaNovember in the interest of theDemocratic candidates. She im-vpressed upon her hearers the fact'that the white race must always rulethis country, and that it was absolutely essential that the vhite women of the country should do theirduty at the polls. She praised theLeague of Nations, as advocated by ,President Wilson and other promi- -nentmejmbers of the Democraticparty, and roundly scored formerPresident William Howard Taft forhis vacillating attitude toward President Wilson, "who is not merelyplain Woodrow Wilson, but President Woodrow Wilson, the President of the whole United States ofAmerica." Miss Roberts' speech wasenthusiastically received, and cheered to the echo. She is a speaker ofremarkable power and has li command of language that might wellbe the envy of old campaigners.GET OUT THAT WINTER SUITDelegations from all the surrounding cities of the Bluegrass marchedin the same parade of the Holy NapeSociety, in Lexington, Sunday afternoon. Over 1,500 men were in line,exclusive of the two bands and theBoy Scouts. Following "the paradethe men all gathered in WoodlandPark, where an altar had been builtin the open, and bowed their headswhile they renewed the "pledge touphold the principles of the organization. Paris and Bourbon countywere well represented by a largedelegation from the local CouncilKnights. otColumbus, and from thecongregation of the Church of theAnnunciation in this city.oLET LEVY DO ITI have the facilities right here athome for all kinds of dry cleaningI can make that old suit or OYercoat look like new.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-tf)PICTUREPROGRAM ATAND ALAMOGRANDBOURBON COUNTY FARM OF 322ACRES AT AUCTIONThe John J. McClintock and Mrs.Lou Palmor farm, will be sold atauction on October 8, at10:30 p. m.Read ad in another column.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(28-td)Why buy a new Fall suit? I canmake that last winter's ?uit looklike new.LEVY,(5oct-tf)THE DRY CLEANER..To-day, Tuesday, October 5.Vivian Rich, in "Would You Forgive?" Stuart Holmes and FrankleMann, in second episode of new serial, "Trailed By Three;" PatheNews.To-morrow. Wednesday, October6 William Farnum, in "Wings ofof The Morning;" Joe Ryan andJean Paige, in "Hidden Dangers;"Topics of the Day.Thursday, October 7. MadlainoTraverse, in "The Iron Heart;"Mack Sennett Comedy, "Let TSrGo;" Pathe News.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand night.m ,8-t"WE KNOW HOW3viPiper, Lexington, Ky., Company E,T - -, r:-Second Kentucky Cavalry: W. CGoodman, Paris, Ky., First Battalion; James S. Clark, Millersburg,,Ky., Company F, Marshall Brigade;F.. Pr Thomason, Millersburg, Ky.,'Company, A, Fifth Kentucky; EliBlackburn, Georgetown, Ky., Company A, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry;John S. Gaines, Georgetown,' Ky.,Company A, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry; M. P. Ewing, Georgetown, Ky.,Company E, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry;Perry Jewell, Little Rock, Ky., Colonel Clay Regiment; M. H. Haggard,Georgetown, Ky., Company C.Eleventh Kentucky Regiment;George W. Muir, Lexington, Ky.,Company B, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry; J. A. Faulkner, WoodfordCounty, Semple's Battery; W. C.Stipp, Clintonville, Ky., Company D,Eighth Kentucky Regiment; G. S.Byrns, Lexington, Ky., Company B,Fifth Kentucky Cavalry; A. W. Macklin, Frankfort, Ky., Company C,Ninth Kentucky Cavalry; C. F. Estill,Lexington, Ky., Company A, EighthKentucky Cavalry; Wallace Batterton, Ruddles Mills, Ky., Company C,Fifth Kentucky Cavalry; J. N. Stone,North Middletown, Ky., Company D,Eighth Kentucky Cavalry; W. M.Moore, Cynthiana, Ky., Tenth Mississippi Infantry; Nathan B. Detharidge,Richmond, Ky., Company B, ChenaultRegiment; Horace M. Taylor, Carlisle, Ky., Company E, Eighth Kentucky Regiment; Charles H. Meng,North Middletown, Ky., Company C,Ninth Kentucky Regiment; W. H.Robb, Helena, Ky., Company F, ThirdKentucky Regiment; G. H. Preston,Paris, Ky., Third Battery; SamuelTalbott, Bourbon County, CaptainEverett's Company; W. J. Stone,Kuttawa, Ky., Company G, First Kentucky Cavalry; Judge John H. Crain,Lawrenceburg, Ky., Company J, Second Kentucky Regiment; CaptainJames R. Rogers, Paris, Ky., ColonelClay's Battery; M. G. Hildreth, Paris,Ky., Company D; Eighth KentuckyRegiment; J. B. Logan, Lexington,Ky., Company F. Sixty-third VirginiaRegiment; George B. Taylor, Nicholasville, Ky., Company E, EighthKentucky Cavalry; S. D. Bivens, N.Middletown, Ky., Company I, EighthKentucky Cavalry; W. M. Morgan,North Middletown, Ky., Company A,First Kentucky Regiment: JudeeREALECONOMYNsCLOTHESEAL economy in clothesconsists not in spending the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchtmar( garments that areof all wool fabrics,woven and full ofIyj Harry Brent, Paris, Ky., Company C,Fifth Kentucky Cavalry; J. C. Bedford, Paris, Ky., Company C, FifthKentucky Cavalry; J. Harry- Holt, 1.Paris, Ky,, Company C, Ninth Kentucky. Cavalry.madefirmlywear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply ' overflowing withquality and value.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MEN11 tJC;2sin ''&..-j fXx'-r-4'v'&::s-vvTHE BOURBON NEUfcg,, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE TWOsr-. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1920.mownNEWS'Established 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Friday.er Year. .$2.006 Montlis. .$1.00Payable in Advance.$WIET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(ntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. ITew York American Press AssoMitiirn fhicago Lord & Thomas." " Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thonipson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter., standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich, may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladly-corrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch lor first time; 60 cents per inchsaefc. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linecch issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents .per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-snenifi-and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesjust invariably be accompanied bybe cash.(HARING'S FIRST - KENTUCKYJJATi A MttJTAlUiTwo reasons have been assignedpolitica observers in theState forthe booking of Senator Warren G.Harding for a speech in Louisville"on October 14 th. VThe first is that the Republicansare growing very skeptical of theirabilHy 1o carry the Stae and arcbringing Harding Here with thehope of bolstering their cause.The second is the realization thatthe appointment at- Ashland onSeptember 29 for the Republicancandidate is something of a blunder.Ashland is one of the leading industrial communities in Kentucky. Incenters of industry in Ohio, Harding has always run a poor race because of his lifelong opposition tolabor. Republican leaders are fearful that his appearance in Ashland,will only emphasize this well-knowncondition: Labor's distrust of theRepublican candidateer knows by this time through theagency of the investigations madeby the American Federation of Labor that in every important testbetween capital and labor Hardingstands with th former. He "3never for giving the worker a squaredeal.- Harding's weakness in industrialcommunities is a matter of commonknowledge in Ohio. His race forGovernor when Judson Harmon, IDemocrat, snowed him under provesthis.In Cuyahoga county (Cleveland)Harding received only 26,424 votesagainst 45,169 for Harmon; in Hamilton (jounty (Cincinnati) 43,252against 52,531 for Harmon; inMontgomery county (Dayton) 14,535 against 18,669 for Harmon; inthe counties which contain Columbus,-Toledo, , Canton, Akron andYoungstown, all flourishing manufacturing centers with a large laborvote Harding ran a bad sceord.- Harding stands with the "aristrocrats' of the Senate, Lodge, Knoxand Penrose and is completely out ofsympathy with the toiler. The report of the American Federation ofLabor recently issued shows that hevoted unfavorably to labor on everyissue before' the Senate. These factewill be lemeanbered by tlie workersof Ashland when Harding speaksthere and they will be keen to notehow Harding will attempt to explain away such a record.THE BEST PROOFGiven Ey A Paris- CitizenDean's Kidjjey Pills were usedthey brought bene,fit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence. Has pi oven the-result lasting.The tfstiniony is home testimony.The prxof convincing. tIt can "he investigated by Paris'residents.Mrs: J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results -werevery 'severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that time, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained -until IEvery work- bought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot thiough mykidneys and if anyone had hit me inthe back with a heavy axe, it couldnot have hurt worse. In one weekafter using Doan's Kidney Pills, Ileft like a different wqman, for thefixed me up in fine shape."AFTER A UAPSE OF 8 YEARSMrs. Martin said: "'Doan's "KidneyPills have pnade a cure for me and ithas been permanent.'f, Price 6Gc, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask foi a kidney remedy geeDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburuCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Free CindersCall ai Ice Factory for all thecinders you want free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.Forale.For SaleLumber For SaleOne 1917 Model Ford Sedan."IVa have about 4,000 feet, mnmOne 1918 Model Ford Sedan, De- or less, of lumber for sale, vreckarmountable Rims. I f rem lumber shed - con&isUn- nfOne 1917 Ford Coupe. I dimension lumber, boxing, sheatingOne 1919 Ford Touring Car, self- 'etc. "Will sell the lot for $80.00 "starter; aemountaDie runs; comtires, and Duplet body a bargain.One 1919 Overland Touring Car,fine shape,and several others.R. C. RUGGLES MOTOR CO.,THE HIGHCOST OFNESS.CARELESS-DEMOCRATIC TICKETv ' Tot Frcaltet,. j Jamta M. Cox, of Ohio.For Tie Prtildcmt,Franklin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.Jor Judge. of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHFRDJF.I hereby announce myself as a' candidate for Ihe Democratic nom-" iation for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When elected'Sheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSH ALT.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respect"fully solicits your -support and in'fiuence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,f Deputies.YOU KNOW THIS FELLOWFOR JAILERWe are authorized to announce-NXOHN MAHAR. of the Millersburgprecinct, (faimiliarly known as John.Fester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of the"'-county. Mr. Mahar respectfully'-solicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate "for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.I'm the guy, the garage employe,whom you trust tojut your car inshape, and doesn't do what he's paidfor.Why should I bother to fijl all ycurgrease cups, and put oil in yourcrank case, and clean your sparkplugs, and put distilled water nyour storage battery, and do thedozen fussy little things you're paying for when you'll never know Ididn't do it until something goeswrong?If you get stalled on rhf read because I slacked on the job I won'tbe there to hear you bawl me outIt isn't my car. so I should fretabout what "happened to n if you redness.of humanwant to De sure evcryinmgs aone . f0ny to trifle withright, "why aon t you attend to ityourself?Some other guy may get the jobnext time, but that's up to you.There are plenty of others with carsand enough of them come into ourshop to give me all the work I wantto do.If you complain to the boss I canalways frame up an alibi. I can sayI was called off the iob before I finished and then forgot, or I can sayyou're talking through your hat andihat the work was done. How areyou going to prove anything, -anyway?oAt the underwriters' conferencein Chicago it was stated that in theUnited States 11,037,000 personsare hurt yearly in various kinds ofaccidents. Further. 105,000 arekilled. These amazing figures infinitely exceed the casualties of theWorld War. Such annually recurring losses must not be passed overwith indifference. It is a dreadfulthought that legions of human beings should die a violent death Itis horrid 10 contemplale the abysmal depth of misery involved ir.these astounding figures. Imagination shudders at the weeping ofthousands of widows and orphansover the sudden taking away oftheir husbands and fathers, and pictures the heart-rending distress inIiomes where millions of injuredpersons struggle with pain" and poverty. The injury to the nation also canill afford such a sacrifice it mustbe considered. The country working power and the resultant financial loss, totaling into billions. Itis clear that something must bedone to diminish this terrible tollin blood and money."The gruesome statistics revealthat these horrors are caused by tneAmerican mania for speed and a deficient sense of caution. Againstsuch faulty personal habits, lawscan be of nc avail, but the aid ofeducation might, be invoked withgeed effect.Children must be taught the sac-life, that it isone's own life,and that reckless speed results indeath and injury and offers nogain other than tears of anguishand misery.Morality's Foundation.A Bible and a ncwsplfper in everyhouse, a good school in every districtall studied and appreciated as theymerit are the principal support of vnxtue, morality and civil liberty. FrankLASTEXCURSIONCincinnati, O.and returnvia$2.35 L. & N. $2.35Sunday, Oct. 10, 1920Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m., returning, will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ci'.y Time. .For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.Wc are authorized to announce4AS. H. MORELAND, of Paris Precinct To. 2, as a candidate for Tax"Commissioner of Bourbon County,"with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, of'Millersburg, as Deputy, .subject totke action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candiibte for Tax Commissioner of BourWn county, with THOMAS TAUL,oC Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Ben- Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerlm Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Few Bricks Came From England.The late George Alfred Townsend-Mttablished beyond controversy that,while there may have been a few iaola ted Instances of cargoes of bricksfrom England, not one colonial houseta fifty, for which sxwh claim is made,"4acluded KiiRlisK 'bricks in its corapo-silion. From abetter in the Baltimore"Sun.f &Bourbon County FarmAt Austlon on the promises on the-Peacock Pike, one mile fiom Paris,Ky., on vFriday, Oct. 8, at 10:30 A.In order to sett'e the estate, we will sell on the above date for Mrs.John J. McCUntock and Mrs. Lou Palmer their splendid farm of 322acres, divided into two tracts and then as a Avhole, as follows:TRACT NO. 1 Consisting of 214 acres and improvements; fiveroom cottage, two stock bains, 10-acre tobacco barn and other necessaryout-buildings This tract of land contains 140 acres in old blue grasssod, fifty acres of which, is virgin soil, 35 acres in cultivation and 45acres sown to clover and blue grass. This farm is well watered withsprings and pools and has an abundance of locust timber to keep thefarm under fencing for a generation to come. This is a rare opportunity to get a farm that has lain in grass for (many yeors; cattle andother live stock have grazed and been fed upon it until it is rich invirgin soil fertility and will be a" great money maker for the buyer.TRACT NO 2 Contains 10S acres ofunimpioved'land. It is nearlyall rich bottom land lying on the waters of Stoner Creek and is nojvready for the plow for the cultivation of any crop desired. It is all ingrass and rich in fertility and will grow anything from tobacco ondown. It can't be beat. These two tracts of land comprising the wholeare the cream of Bourbon's best and most productive soil. A study ofthis farm will demonstrate and prove all we have said.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.Harris, Speakes & Harris(Real Estate Dealers,- Paris. Xy., or J. D. McClintook,We take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective buyers. ,Offices Farmers and Traders Bank Building.- Cumberland Phone-450 -' Howe Phone 394A sixy-inch roll-top oice desk. Agood bargain for immediate sale. Ir.- jquire of THE BOURBON NEWS. j, !Clerk WantedLOSYOiv the Clintonville pike yesterday, a tie and rim from a Ford auto.Reward for letur-n tc the Sheriff'soffice, Bourbon County Court House,Paris, Ky. (af)We want at onco an experiencedgrocery clerk. Call 'in person.THE PARAKEET MINERAL WATER & GROCERY CO.,Cor. Tenth and Main Streets,17-tf) Paris, Ky. .JAS. M. TEMPLIN.At .Mrs. Templin'3 Paint StoreQO-tf)Feathers For Sale.A large mattress of feathers forpale. In first-class order. Apply at.this office.New Firmwelding!GEH-I ov Ion avirtta.xai wau uuriLV AUT0 REPAIRING ANDWhen you want taxi cab service, EKAL MACHINE WOKX.any hour of the day or night, call T?TPTTA7?nus, Cumberland phone 7, or Home HIGGINS & RICHARD,phone -128. 128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.THE PARIS TAXI CO., Cumb. Phone 73.Fronk,ing aiworking andat the old(24-tf)710 Main Street. r(may4-3mo)We have formed a partnershipunder the firm name of Paynter &for the purpose ot conductgeneral blacksmithing, wood-horseshoeing businessP.nrtia Qrn.-nrl ir TT!ofI Paris. We know our businessthoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best worlqmani ship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.i STROTHER PAYNTER,j JOHN FRONK.j (octl,tf)- j'CbllGcoroge D. Sjjeakes,. Auctioneer ,1.: J). Harris, Business Manager, !i tf '' ','' ' ' ?i ''""& "'" ''',"" '' " " ',',' ' -. ss'yt&'Sy':-s. ' ' sMAPLE LAWN STOCK FARMxtLI;AuctionSaturday,October dth10 O'CLOCK219.1 ACRES IN BOURBON COUNTY(Known as the P. I. Millett Farm)In the VERY HEAKT OF THE BLUE GRASS, 3V2 guiles from Paris, on two pike?. the Jacktovn pike and the Tarr Station pike, 1 mile from Federal Highway Lexington &' Maysville pike 1mile to railroad station, 1 mile to schools ; only 4 miles from Millersburg with its fine Military Academy and Female College. No better location in the State o Kentucky, for this is the "Garden Spot."HAS BEEN USED FOR YEARS AS STOCK FARMSoil is extraordinary fertile. Just look at the' growing crops and you will see that it has prpduced the finest tobacco in Bourbon county this year, and the other crops will convince .you that this isEXTRAORDINARY LAND. 45 acres in corn, 30 acres in tobacco, the tobacco land was broken out ofold blue grass sod, 20 acres of wheat stubble sown to blue grass and clover, balance in timothy, clovermeadow and blue grass sod. Gently rolling and not a foot of waste land.IMPROVEMENTS Beautiful brick Colonial house of 10 rooms, large halls, bath room, spacious front porch and two back porches, has built in china closets, folding doors between reception roomand dining room, splendid basement : hot water furnace, Delco Electric Lights handsome electric lightfixtures water works, presses in all the rooms; has been newly papered throughout. This charmingold liouse of appealing simplicity has a five-acre lawn running to pike, shaded by stately walnut, sugar,'elm, ash and oak trees, with manadam drive from pike to house. In its picturesque setting it is indeeda SHOW PLACE OF BOURBON COUNTY. Homes like this are not and cannot be built these days, andthey are seldom ever offered for sale. AN UNPARALLELED OPPORTUNITY. Look at this wonderfulHomestead and you will realize it. All we say is "COME AND SEE."Garage, ice house, numerous, convenient and well-built ouf-buildings ; 225 barrel steel crib, 3brand new tobacco barns, will hold 24 acres of jtobacco, 2 dandy stock barns and a- 300-ton tile silo;everlasting water, four pools fed by springs; cistern at dwelling; 3 tenant houses located at convenientplaces on the farm with water at each. An abundance of fruit grapes, cherries, peaches, pears andapples.An ideal place to live, in a community of cordial, cultured and refined people, within, easy access to the city of Paris, with its fine railroad and interurban connections, good stores, good marketsand splendid schools. -Swinebroad in the last twenty months has. sold over three million dollars worth of real estateand has never offered to the buyers a better proposition of finer land or a more 'desirable home. Itwill iilea?e the most fastidious.The farm will be sub-divided : a 25 acre tract, a 50 acre tract, and either 75 acres, 100 acres,125 acres or 150 acres can be puichased with the improvements, or aU of it, as the purchaser desires.We ALWAYS SELL to suit the purchaser, Soiae improvements on each tract which will be offered.AN ABSOLTJTF SALE, without reserve, by-bid or limit.A Square Deal to everybody. , ,TERMS EASY Possession January 1. 1921Look over the farm, or call or wrjte for photographic views of same. We will be glad to showyou.For further particulars see the owner, Mr. Newton Bishop at the farm, or W. E. .Moss or R. K.1 Dever. at -my Danville ofiices. or,W. A. Dickerson of Geo. Swinebroad, at my Lancaster offices, or -SW11SLEBROADThe Real Estate ManLancaster, Ky.BOLIVAR BOND & SONS, Auctioneers.-428-4t),.s-f,.'1 -jSvk-t"&&vvV - X4lIk.- "-- I,- 7Sii?f -r,-v.)?-s" i.sKif"-rVv.VV1 ."! V-"V.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1320.VJTHE BOU11BOK NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCfflt-vTO THE DEMOCRATS OF PARIS AND BOURBON 'TOWoh! Demo?ratic National Committee has authorized THE EOURlBONNEWS to receive contributions to the Cox-Roosevelt Popular Campaign.Fund. The Committee depends upon the masses of Cox-Rooseveff supporters to finance the campaign of Peace Progress. Prosperity. Sendyour contribution TO-DAY. It will be acknowledged in this newspaperand will be forwaraeor immediately to National Headquarters, wherefunds are sorely needed for combating: the millions available to the opposition. Do you believe in the people, instead of k selfish few r-mningand financing Polmcal Campaigns? Then contribute, and as liberally asyou can--.and CONTRIBUTE NOW. A contribution that will help th,Democratic National Committee inform others as you are informed maydouble or treble your influence on the issue., of the campaign. Send contribution to this office TO-DAY..SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mrs. EB. January is improving1 Oil i11nirr -4 rtO nn 1 T..COXROOSEVELTFopular Campaign Fund Voluntary' Subscription CouponBelieving in the ideals of Government, Peace, Progress, Prosperftvrepresented fcy James M. Cox and Franklin D. Roosevelt and desiring tohelp present those ideals to all the millions of voters and believing thatcampaign funds should be provided by the body of the people, insteadof by a comparatively few and largely selfish individuals looking forspecial lavors. I herewith voluutany subscribe the sum of Sto the Cox Roosevelt Campaign Fund.Eugene Foleytheir home inPAGITHUGKIS ALMOName. .R. F. D. or Street.'v-VP. 0..State.A NEW SEED WHEATThe Kentucky Experiment Station announces the development ofa new variety of seed wheat, which-TOOLATEDeath only a matter of short time.DonVwait until pains and achesbecome incurable diseases. Avoidpainful consequences by -takingCOLD MEDALhas been called "Ashland." Thisvariety represent a selection fromFultz and has all the good qualities of this old well-known variety,besides having a stiffer straw andso fi?r has proven a better yiclderthan the Fultz. It is also 'comparatively free from dfcpncso mr.Vi a a yclscab, etc. Owing to the fact thatthe Station has furnished a number of selected farmers in Kentuckyto seed of this new variety, severalthousand bushels should be readyfor distribution in the State thisfall, lor further information concerning this write to the AgronomyDepartment, College of Agriculture.THIS WILL ASTONISH PARISPEOPLEWgEEHnffiB CJF-yThe world's standard remedy for kidney,fiver, bladder and uric acid troubles theNational Remedy of Holland since 1696.Guaranteed. Three sizes, all druggistsLock for .the name Gold Medal on every boxand accept no imitationThe quick action of simple witchhazel, camphor, hydrastis, etc., asmixed in Lavoptik eye wash. Oneelderly lady, who had been troubledwith chronic eye inflammation forjmany years, was greatly helped intwo days. We guarantee a small bottle of Lavoptik to help ANY CASiSweak, strained or infiaineS eyes.Aluminum eye cup FREE . Brooks& Snapp, Drug Co. (adv)rl """' u :?,.i:y"I. : -I". -J Ir .&-& .v&&Z?y?i. -J &&flBnBK-.. .". fJfWMV2r;;j:m:::'-S'.:-r. .'. ''Jl&&$&?. JlMfB &ASs ' "- f'WE FEATURE hats by Dunlap & Co.,Fifth Avenue, New York, which weconsiderthe best of American make.We also have on display the followingforeign makes of soft felts: Mossant (France)exclusively with Crufther & Starks, Borsalino(Italy), Joseph E. Ward (English) and thefamous Stetson line.Our showing of Autumn headwear formen this year is unquestionably the best 'to befound in the United States, not excepting themetropolitan cities. IWe have at our Seelbach branch store' onqof the most attractive hat departments ,inAmerica. The prices at this store are exactly,the same as at our main store, Fourth andJefferson.A wide " range of prices that will suiteveryone.7fo Store Stendudiz?VaameJTCHER&SWSGranville RBurfon SonsLouisville TheMetropoiis ofKentuckyMr. and MrS.have returned toClintonville.Miss Lena Rose was a guest (several days the past week of relatives in. Mt. Sterling.Mrs. George W. Stuart has returned from a visit to Mrs. NelsonFant, in Flemingsburg.Squire L. J: Fretwell, who hasbeen quite ill at his home for several days, is improving slowly.Mrs. W. Q. Swearengen andMiss Virginia Ferry, of Carthage,Ohio, are guests of Paris relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Cooper,of Alameda, California, are guestsof friends and relatives in Clintonville. Dr. S. P. Mohney and familywill leave to-morrow for a threeweeks' visit to friends and relativesin Kansas and Oklahoma.Mrs.N. D. McClintock anddaughter, Miss Nell McClintock,have returned froma visit to Dr. andMrs. Frank L. Lapsley and familyin Shelby county.Mrs. Milton J. Stern, of Paris,yas one of the guests Friday, at thetea given at the Country Club, nearLexfoigton, in honor of the wives ofphysicians who attended a meetingin that city.Dr. George L. Rankin, of Shawhan, who was operated on at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, last 'week, for gall stones, isimproving, and will soon be able toresume his practice.Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Glass haveleased and jmoved into one of theMiller & Lilleston flats on. Pleasantstreet, between Third and Fourthstreets. Mr.. Glass is manager ofthe Paris Baking Go.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wheeler, ofIndianapolis, are guests of Mr. andMrs. E. M. Wheeler and Mr. andMrs. N. H. Ecklar. Mr. Wheeler-ismanager of the Wheeler furniturestores in Indianapolis.Drs. J. A. Orr, Chas. G. Daugherty, W. C. Ussery, Am. Keller, M.J. Stern and J. C Stoeckenger, ofParis, attended the sessions of theKentucky Medical Society held inLexington the past week.Misses Nancy 'and CatherineJameson and Martha Gale have returned to their homes in Cynthiana,after a pleasant visit in Paris asguests at the home of Mrs. CarlisleSwinford, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodfordand their guest, Miss Annie VanMeter of, of Danville, sister of Mrs.Woodford, were recent visitors in.Lexington, motoring over for theday. They were joined there byMrs. Emma VanMeter Hamilton,who was their guest for the day.(Other Personals on Page 5JonOMMISSIONER WALLIS TO "RE-ST 100GOOD TO BE TRUESays Tanlac Completely RestoredHer Health and She Weighs Morew That Ever Before In Her Life.SIDE ON ELLIS ISLAND"When my -neighbors ask me whatI am eating to jmake me pick up sofast I tell them just anything I want,for since I began taking Tanlaceverything agrees with me perfectly," . said Mrs. Clark Johnson.Chesapeake, Ohio."For a year or more I had suffered from stomach trouble. After everymeal I would bloat up with gas,have darting pains in my stomachand chest and my heart palpitateddreadfully. I often had uch severe headaches I just had to go tobed. I was almost a complete nervous wreck and it was impossible forime to get a good night's sleep. Ihad rheumatism so bad in my leftarm that. I couldn't raise my handto my head. I had a severe attackof the 'flu.' and when finally I gotout of bed I was so weak I coulahardly stand up, and for six weekswas unable to do any of my housework at all."Finally I started taking Tanlacand my improvement has been sogreat it is unbelieveable. I have entirely regained my health, pry nervesare in fine shape, I never have aheadache or neuralgia and the rheumatism has completely left me. Ihave not only regained my lostweight, but weigh five pounds morethan I ever did in my life, and amso much stronger I can do my housework with the greatest ease. I aiua well wojman to-day."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv): oTHE YOUNG VOTER'S CATECHISMWOLF, WILE & CO.J Continuous Showingof Saii and WinterJlpparol '2 New Arrivals DailySuits(New York World)Q. What is a Candidate?A. A Candidate i an apniahleperson largely surrounded by Senators. Q. How does he become a candidate? A. The Senators pick an EasyOne and put him over. 'Q. Can only Senators nominatethe Candidate?A. Yes; it is the only excuse forRepublican Senators.Q. "What does the Candidatedo?A.Q.A.n;Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, formerlyof Paris, who has recently been appointed Commissioner of Immigration in New York City, has practically taken up his residence on EllisIsland, the landing place oi immigrant vessels, with a view of studying conditions, and is doing his bestto cope with the situation caused bythe. constantly increasing tide of immigration from war-torn Europe.Immigrants have been arrivingfaster than they can be handled bythe staff, and to this stream tjiat hasbeen slowly; "backing up" at thestation were' added thousands whoarrived last week in five steamshipsaKout the same time. These immigrants had to be taken to the islandon short notice so the vessels whichbrought them could make their returning schedules.The resultant congestion and confusion led to an unpleasant situation,and serious disorder appeared inevitable. Commissioner Wallis wasequal to the occasion, however, andhis earnest appeals and counsels prevailed. This Recurred last Wednesday, and that night, according to theofficial report, Ellis Island was socrowded as to make sleep virtuallyimpossible, 3,319 immigrants werelodged in quarters with sleeping accommodations for 1,500 persons. Theresult was a tempestuous might.Those who could lie down were fortunate. A majority passed the nightsitting on benches, while many literally slept standing.Mrs. Wallis, who was Miss NannieClay, of this city, remained with Mr.Wallis through the nighty easing thediscomfort of fatigued and footwearywomen and children, and togetherthey did all in their power to makethe immigrants comfortable and toreduce trouble to a minimum.The congestion on the island hasdirected attention of the authoritiesto the large number of undersiableswho seek admission to the UnitedStates, many of whom should havebeen turned back at the port oT embarkation on account of physical disabilities. With a capacity f 650beds in the 'Ellis Island hospital thereare now 570 patients."I have called a conference of theheads of the different divisions tosee what can be "done to relieve congestion and reduce discomfort to aminimum," said Commissioner Wallis."There were not blankets enough forall the women and children I found.In the New York room I found 1,300Jewish women and children. Thisroom is only large enough for 250persons."This on-rushing tide of. immigration shows no indication of decreasing, for according to reports fromsteamship companies, all steerage accommodations are booked for a yearto come. In Danzing alone there aresaid to be 50,000 refugees waitingfor the chance to come to America.Commissioner Wallis went on a special mission to Washington last weekto see what could be done to remedythe situation, and stated that if,necessary he would ask the Labor Department to call upon the State Depart-inem; 10 noia -up .passports ana notContinue to paralyzedthe immigration system this way. 'V rHe does nothing.Then why have a Candidate?It saves the Senators a greatdeal of trouble.-, A. During ' the campaign theCandidate does all the talking andthe Senators keep quiet.Q. And after the campaign?A. The Senators do all the talking and the Candidate has time topaint his 'front porch.Q. Can the Candidate day whathe likes-during the campaign?A. .Never. He al'-vays listens tohis master's voice.Q. Suppose one Senator, is forLeague and "another is .against it.what does the Candidate do then,poor tbiug? .A. He dedicates himself to nor-maicy, wraps nimseu in me awcan flag, opens a can of 100 percent, pure, unadulterated Annericanism and gives aways samples of anew tariff warranted to increasethe cc&t of living 300 per cent.Q. How does he get that way?A. lie plays golf with GeorgeHarvey. . vQ. What do the people do? , ,A. They vote for Governor Cox.oAncient Idea of Comets.Ancient peoples, puzzled by theseawe-inspiring phenomena, proclaimedthat "comets are composed of the sinsof mortals, which, ascending to thesky, and so coining to the notice ofGod, are o on fire by his wrath."This intorpretnijott of comets, thoughconvenient for making people more religious, was mt otherwise valuable.By 1650 A. D. n good deal was knownabout the law governing them.II- New box models and, smartly belted suits show manyan original touch in trimmings of fur and braid. Thefavored materials are tricotine, duvetyn and veldine andour wide range of colors, and styles is worthy of yourclose attention.- Top Coats and WrapsLuxuriously soft and becoming are these new wrapsthat completely envelope the figure. They're fashionedfrom bolivia, duvetyn, peach blossom and other new materialsfur trimmed and beautifully lined.DressesThe new dresses are indeed things of beauty withgraceful long lines and trimmings of embroidery, braidsand gay little vests. Many show the new redingoe noteand smartly draped sid lines, while others are severelyplain. - KWe Invite Your InspectionWolf, Wile e Co.Lexington, Kentucky:X!!XI- - T ' '4ss" .LOHCOtiJAUcAnoNCoTsTAJicA' rHiil"j"lMl'it"H"l"I"I"t"i"I"i',I"H"4ELLIS' CASHGROCERY'SpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose of a Jot ofthese goods.Pickling Vinegarand Spicesat bargains this week.$ Ellis' Ca$h Grocery IOppoit Gurt HoiMetill 1 1 1 1 II M 1 1 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 II 1 1 IKeep tMs Door Open TooMir TVIWrmntfWould you lock one of your doors for theprice of a telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe the customer who wants'to telephone you an order will wait until thatdoor is open again but maybe he won't! .If your present equipment is often An use,you might make a profit on another telephoneor "trunk" or on even several more; a goodmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same nunbber, using any of your lines that is idle wheayou are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on the.telephone. Think it over. ,"At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegr aDn.Cd '(Incorporated) 'Vealch, Dist. Mgr. W. HCannon, Locai Mgr. m z&MJlSJg'&gggSgSiIglJatigiimmWANDER BACKAtong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsating-voice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and. so naturally thatyou have but to closely our eyes and wander down the trail,of yesterday.The ClaxionolaFhe Ideal Home Phonograph 'T.m xisfww -W. SPICEROMVCOUHT$0SfIxIXIIXhX:IxlvrIxIIX.IX:IX;IXfIXIXIXIIXIXIIxIX.Iitmmnr1A-'IviHv- --Ys-l,0""' s-'. v J . v. ,- " - - 1"""-,,- A,.'A'Vv " . 'V '. ' - P . .5 ' t- c - . v- ' ' v .jrf" ,; " mfy iPAGITCim "11THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 12,,,... . l - . N, - , - -rr - 7i-30TTREON COUNTY PARM OF 322ACRES AT AUCTIONv The Jno. J. McClintock and Mrs.qliou Palmer farm will be sold atauction on October 8, at 10:30 p. m,v-sSead ad in another column.HARRIS, SPEAKES & KARRIS,or J. D. McCLINTOCK.; (28-td) . , 75Public RentingopTwo Farms' I will rent at public outcry, at theCourt Housdoor, in Paris, Ky.f onSaturday, Oct. 9,1920"beginnig at 2 o'clock, two well located farms, either of which wouldmake excellent dairy fanms, as follows: FARM NO. 1 The 200 acre farmon Cane Ridge, known as the AndySkillman place: 50 acres for wheat;20 acres for corn and the remainderin grass. This is an extra fine producing-farm.FARM NO. 2 The 300 acre farmon the Russell Cave pike, in Fayette County, and known as the McIntyre place; 25 acres for corn; 15.acres for wheat; 10 acres for tobaccoahd the remainder in grass.Either of the above farms areideal as dairy farms, and this industry is fast coming to the front asone of Kentucky's most profitablefarm ventures.T&ese fanms will be shown toprospective renters at any time afterthis week, by undersigned, or Mr.Peterson, who resides on the Skillman farm, will take pleasure inshowing same at any time.TERMS Will be announced onday of renting.For particulars, apply to undersigned. D. S. HENRY,Cumb. Phone 576. Paris, Ky.Request For ContributionsMAPIE LAWN STACK FAKB ATPUBLIC AUCTIONFOR SALETwo GoodUsedAutomobiles1 FIVE PASSENGERFRANKLIN1 SEVEN PASSENGERBUICKBoth cars good as new and infirst class condition. Franklinnewly painted.C. S. Ball Garage(oct5-4t)To The Democrats of Bourbon:The" National DemocraticHeadquarters is imperatively ,inneed of funds with which tofinance the present campaignand has appealed to me tooffer an opportunity to theDemocrats to aid. This I ampleased to do. Every voter,man or woman, who earnestlydesires the election of our ticket is requested to give without,xlelay to the Editor of this paper, who will immediately forward U to John R. Downing,State Treasurer for NationalCommittee, Citizens Union National Bank, Louisville, suchvoluntary contritution as he orshe may care to make. Samewill be forwarded promptly toNational Headquarters in NewYork, with name of donor.Contributions, no matter howsmall, will be accepted and appreciated. A hearty response to this callis confidently expected.J. N. CAMDEN,National Committeeman,(tf)Mr. George B. Swinebroad, of Lancaster, who will offer the Made.Lawn farm near Paris, at publicooTo QahirHov -ams in Pnrifi. vpk-av-day, completing details essential tothe undertaking. Mr. swinebroadttates that from his personalknowledge and from information hehas gleaned, this is one of the finestbodies of land in the county, andThat the purchaser will get a homesecond to none, built of materialsthat were made when building material was of the very best. He sayshe has never before been enabled tooffer purchasers a better propositionfor a fine home or for a splendidfarm. The farm is at present owned by Mr. Newton Bishop. It anypurchaser wants possession of thefarm by March J, Mr. Swinebroadsays it can be arranged. The salewill be held at ten o'clock next Saturday morning, October 9, with Col.'Boliver Bond, auctioneer. Here's arare chance for the investor orhome-seeker.WHY THE DEMOCRATS NEEDFUNDS.Without donations from the rankand file the Democratic campaigncannot keep the stride of victory.There are floods of Republican propaganda to combat; there are scores,and hundreds of doubtful battleground to fight through ; there arewell nigh innumerable expenseitems, from printing to postage,which must be cared for if the efforts to keep the party of progressand construction in control are tobe adequate and effective. Forihese legitimate expenses, no suchsum as fifteen or thirty milliondollars, which is said to be the goalof the Republican fund, is required.But an amount far more substantialthan that thus far subscribed is imperatively needed. And it is to theDemorcatic masses alone that thecampaign leaders look for support.There are no special interests tofurnish sinews of war for Democracy, no veteran seekers of favor andfortune to aid the party that standsfor common rights against parlicultr privileges. It is urgent, therefore, that true Democrats alongwith those of kindred faith the nation over, rally without stint or delay to this highly practical andhighly important cause.LET. LEVY DO ITWhy buy a new Pall suit? I canmake that last winter's suit look lib;new.LEVY. THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-tf)NEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.Get the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They will saveyour gas bill.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.PURCHASERS OF BUICKS WILLGET REDUCTIONS IF ANYARE MADEnrvi'ANNOUNCING NEW PRICESOf Studebaker Cars, Effective October 1stIThe following telegram has beenreceived by the C. S. Ball Garage :Buinks have no intention ofchanging the list price establishedfor the season ot nineteen twenty.oue. But in the event of any unexpected reductions of labor and 'material affecting the cost and iustification of lowering of the prices ofBuick cars prior to May 1, 1921,they will refund to every purchaseiduring that period the amount ofsuch reductions.LEYMAN-BUICK CO.WEEKLY BANK CEEARINGSThe ciearings of the four Parisbanks "for the past week "show a decrease of $40,895.87, as comparedto the report of the previous week.The falling off is attributed largelyto a let-up in cattle purchases. Thereport follows:Farmers & Traders. . .Bourbon - AgriculturalPeoples-Deposit . .First Nationr.l'$ 71,941.53267, 553. 5C250,727.20115,007.02Total $708,229.39Decrease Compared to report of previous week. $40,895.87CITY TAXES DUE. PAY LUPNOW!The city trx lists have beenturned over to me for collection. Your taxes are now dueand payable. Call and settlesame promptly at my office atthe Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(octl-ti)Take WarningThink of that bad leak in youriroof, a-nd have it repaired andpainted in time, for bad weather iscoming. Wo do all kirds of painting and roofing. Give us a trial.BLAKE & DEAR,(It) . Cqmberland Phone 857.Your Heating Problem Solvedy&2Z7'?&,milREMEMBER LAST WINTER'S DISCOMFORTPrepare Now for Heating Your Home with Gas andForget About the Scarcity of High Priced CoalYou can enjoy Pure, Clean, Healthy and Economical Heatby installing In your Furnace, Steam or Hot Water Boiler aBarber Patented Gas BurnerFor Arificial or Natural Gasv . f '- ;, -." -sf 5$y ;tW.OUR GUARANTEEBarber Patented Gas Burners are guaranteed tofurnish an average heat of 70 degrees Fahrenhit inZero weather, upon gas pressure of one ounce andfurther to remain burning upon atmospheric pressure, if properly installed and instructions are carefully followed.THE CLEVELAND GAS BURNER & APPLIANCE CO.3707 Supelor Avenue Cleveland, OhioA demonstration will convince you that your total heating cost will be far lessby using a Barber Patented Gas Burner than with High Priced Coal.Barber Patented Gas Burners can be installed in any domestic heating applianceand will give you the full value of every heat unit in the gas consumed there isno loss. Can be removed in a few moments if the gas pressure is shut off.Will remain Burning on atmospheric pressure, supplies seventy degrees heat onone ounce gas pressure in zero weather and cannot backfire.SPECIAL SIX TOURING . :.;.'... $1880 $2100SPECIAL SIX TWO-PASSENGER ROADSTER 1880 2100SPECIAL SIX FOUR-PASSENGER ROADSTER 1880 2100SPECIAL SIX COUPE 2825 3050SPECIAL SIX SEDAN , 2975 3150BIG SIX TOURING, , 2200 2550LIGHT SIX TOURING CAR 1650 1650PRICES DELIVERED IN PARISAll Studebaker Models are Cord Equipped.Ask for Demonstration, as Immediate De-livery Can Be Made.v iGIBSONMOTOR CO.Both Phones 294At Citizens GarageIVfake Our Store Your StoreOVERCopyright, 1920, ,A. BKlrschbaum CompaoyCOATSFOR MEN ANDYOUNG MENTHIS is pleasant weather, but colderweather is bound to come, and its upto you to prepare yourself for warmthand comfort.'This is "Overcoat Headquarters" because ofthe complete lines we are showing.We have been fortunate in getting earlyshipments this season, and our stocks arenow complete.For young men we are showing ulsterettesand form-fitting coats in both long and shortlengths in single and double breasteds. Menwill find more conservative styles to selectfrom. ,Long wearing fabrics have been selected inthese stylish coats, insuring the customer ofOvercoat Satisfaction" New colortones of browns, greens and greys are shown,also plaids in every coloring.You will do well in coming in and selectingyour overcoat now -we'll show you valuesyou can't help buying.$25.00 to $75.00eeiR. P. WALSHSEE A DEMONSTRATION OF THE BARBER BURNERJOHN MERRINGER626 Main Street, Paris, Ky.7th and MainOne-Price Store,IIParis, Ky.f.:' r xh?vf -,. t- n, - . t . T ;. ' -. iK.' ' XLj-- . - Jr V JV a If rAv fc . r. it j, ...J.Vj aJ..t gi t,V-t r""--.J'; -Av sV. .ntrf -V ,iTUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1920.. r-, 4i Vfags rmi MTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, JflBNTUCKlf"VV"" SMwjfest4FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHIGH QUALITY SEEDSWe have in stock highestquality Timothy Seed, 99 1-2Purity. Also Northern GrownSeed Rye. Our prices areright.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(octl-tf)PEAKS FOR PRESERVINGWe have a nice lot of preservingpears at $2.00 per bushel. Let ushave your order. We have tin cans.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oGET THEM EARLY AT FARMERSSUPPLY CO.ranges, stovemats, shovels,Heating stoves,pipe, coal buckets,pokers, etc.(it) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oIT. D. C. MEETINGSOCIAL A2TD PERSONAL.iComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-The women of Paris aie reminded that to-day is registrationnay a day of paramount importancein the week's calendar. The registration Dooths will be open from sixam. to nine p. m. Let nothingprevent you from-iegistering.ur. and Mrs. Ernest Hosier, ofLexington, were recent guests ofPans friends and relatives. .-Air. and Mrs. Percy Henry havereturned to Louisville, after a visitto Pans relatives and friends.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Endrisand babe, will arrive from Chicago,Thursday, to be guesls of Mrs. LucyAlexander Anderson.Mrs Amanda Hite and son,Harry Hite, returned to Cincinnati,Saturday evening, after a visit toParis friends and relatives.Henry L. Nippert, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, where heis under medical treatment.Ned 'Brent, son ot N. Fore!Brent, of Paris, spent the week-endin Versailles as guest of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Wallace. Turner Gregg, leader of theOpera House Orchestra, returnedSunday night from Dayton, Ohio,accompanied by Mrs. Gregg, whohas been visiting friends and relatives in Dayton for three weeks.Eugene Elder, son of Mr. andMrs. F. S. Elder, of Paris, who reenlisted in the U. S. Army servicesome time ago, has been promotedto the rank of First Lieutenant,and is stationed at Camp Vail, NewJersey.The wqmen of Paris are reminded that to-day is registrationday, a day of paramount importancein the week's calendar. The registration booths will be open from sixa. m. to nine p. m. Let nothingprevent yGu from registering.The luncheon given Saturdayby the Delta Delta Delta fraternityof Transylvania "College, at thehome of Miss Helen Bannister, inLexington, was one of the most beautiful affairs of the autu-nn. Ajmonsthose in attendance were Mrs. Wm.Ardery and Miss Marie Collins, ofParis.Mr. and Mrs. George B. Keller,of McKinney, Texas, are on an extended Eastern trip. They werejoined in New York by Mr. andMrs. Irvine M. Keller, and littleFeld's fall shoes for men, women au if. Elizabeth Myall Daniels,r.n MiiirfrPn nlwusfc thP. niimhasef. L" iaLLei "l runt,. wm iruui-They are stylish and wear most sat-An important meeting of RichardHawes Chapter, United Daughters ofConfederacy will be held in the Confederate room in the court house at2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon,October 9. This will be o-ne of themost important meetings of theyear, and a full attendance of themembers is urged.oDON'T FAIL TO REGISTER TODAY.To-day is registration day. Everyone must register or lose yourvote in the Presidential race. Goto your polling place between six a.m. and -nine p. pi. to-day, Tuesday.Oct. 5, AND REGISTER! ,. oGET OUT THAT WINTER SUIT.-I have the facilities right here athome for all kinds of dry cleaning.I can make that old suit or overcoatlook like new.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-tf) , . .FELD'S FALL FOOTWEAR FORFASHIONABLE FOLKS SEEr WINDOW DISPLAYishing in the State, having a membership of seventy-five.Mrs. Elmer- Swetnam and son,Elmer D. Swetnan., have returnedto their hame near Paris, after avisit to friends and relatives in Jessamine county'.Miss Lula Champe Lytle, "daughter of Air. and Mrs. Omar G. Lytle,has taken a position as stenographer and bookkeeper in the office ofThe Paris Realty Co.Jos. J. Grosche, of the Louisville& Nashville, left Sunday for a twoweeks' vacation trip to New York,and other points in the East. Duiing his absence Mr. Gresche willvisit several places in Canada, andon his return will take in Cleveland,Ohio.(Other Personals on Page 3)THE CLUB SEASON OPENSmmThe Slump is Hereisfactorily. Take a look in the windows. (5oct-tf)oREPUBLICAN ORATORS TO ADDRESS VOTERS.Gov. Edwin P. Morrow, of Frankfort, and Richard P. Ernest, of Covington, Republican nominee for U.S. Senator, will address the votersof Paris and Bourbon county at thecourt hcuse, on Friday night, October S, at seven o'clock'. The ladiesare especially invited. Both Gov.Morrow and Mr. Ernst are oratorsof established reputation, and willpresent the Republican claims to theauditors. A large outpouring otBourbon county voters will no doubtgreet the appearance of Morrowand Ernst in this ciy.oBRADLEY SWEATERS..Slip nito a Bradley, an out-of-doorsstyle for men. women andboys.J. W. DAVIS & CO.o-TOBACCO INSURANCEProtect ycur tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)a ten-days'PERMANENT SECRETARY FORCOMMERCIAL CLUB HEREMr. W. E. Hacker, of Colupnbus,Ind., who was selected some time agoas permanent secretary for the ParisCommercial Club, arrived Saturday.Mr. Hacker is already in harness,and has made a good impression onthose who have met him. He is ulive-wire publicity man, of pleasingpersonality, and will jmake a valuable addition to the business ' interests of the city and county. He isan experienced newspaper man, haying been for many years activelyengaged in the business.Our people will give Mr. Hackerevery assistance in an effoit to boostthe nlans of the Commercial Club,and THE NEWS predicts the newsecretary will find a warm welcomeand a hearty co-operation by thepeople among whom his work willbe done.WOMEN MUST REALIZE IMPORTANCE OF REGISTERINGThere may be some women inParis who have not fully decidedwhether or net they will register orvote, but whe have naturally reserved the rig'-t to change theirm in iic Rut -f thev are in the cityon registration day, and are notphysically disabled to appear at thepolling places, and should fail vregister then, it will be entirely toolate to change their minds.All those who fail to register today, as the law requires, will be deprived of a vote in any election thatmay be held in this city within tMnext twelve months. Now, ofcourse, any normal woman willchange her (mind in twelve months,so, if they do not want to be disappointed, they must register to-day,Tuesday October 5, between thehours of six a. m. and nine P- m.Their brothers, husbands, fathersor sweethearts will be glad to accompany them to the polling place.The Bourbon County Woman'sClub will hold its intitial meetingWednesday, October 6, at7 230 p. m.at" the Club rooms in Masonic Hall.Dr. Frank L. McVey, President ofthe University of Kentucky, willdeliver an address on the subject."What Is Citizenship?"Every woman in the town andcounty is cordially invited to attend this course of lectures, whethershe is a member of the Clubvor not.This course has been arranged' because of the new duties devolvingupon wcjmen, that they may not onlymark a ballot intelligently, realizing their responsibility and powerplaced in their hands All departments give way for this most important and appropriate program. Themusic department ,Mrs. Wade Whitley v chairman; the art department,Mrs. John Bower, chairman, and theliterary department, promise equallygood things for the succeedingimonths. J-o-plete their trip withstay at Atlantic Cits'. 'John W. Lawson, of PeweValley, who came to Paris to attendthe Orphan Brigade reunion, wastaken ill Friday. He was removedto the Massie Memorial Hospital,where he is leceiving all the careand attention that medical skill andnursing can bestow. Mr. Lawsonw&s repoited yesterday as beingslightly improved. He' is an exConfederate, and a member of theBrigade.Duiing the Orphan Brigade reunion held here last week Mrs.Simon Boliver Bucknjer, of GlenLilly, Ky.. and Mrs. Chas. Semple,of Louisville, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. John T. Collins. Col. Thos.G. Osborne and Col. E. Polk Johnson, of Louisville, were guests ofMiss Elizabeth Grimes, and MajorJohn H. Leathers, of Louisville, wasan honored guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Wade H. Whitley.The women of Paris are reminded that to-day is registrationday, a day of paramount importance in the week's calendar. Theregistration booths will be open fromsix a. jm. to-nine p. m. Let nothingprevent you from registering.The following announcementcards have been issued:"Dr. and Mrs. Jos. Arthur Goodsonannounce the marriage of theirsisterCornelia Joy RascotoMr. James Clay -WardTuesday, September the fourteenth-Nineteen hundred and twentyLexington, Ky."Members of P. I. McCarthyCouncil Knights of Columbus, andfriends of the order have receivedinvitations worded as follows:Blue Grass Council No. 762,Knights of Columbus vannounce their inaugural danceat theLafayette Hotel -on Columbus. Day, October 12, 1920,all Knights and Iheir friends arecordially invited to attend.Montagues' Eight Piece Orchestra.Hours 9 to 2.Miss May Jean Turner, of Paris,5s a patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, where she underwent auoperation Saturday for appendicitis.Miss Turner had made preparationsto leave yesterday for Washington,D. C, to enter the Colonial School,but was taken ill suddenly Saturday..Drs. Kenney & Stockenger, who werecalled, hid Miss Turner removed cothe Hospital, where tne operationwas performed. She was reportedyesterday as doing very nicely.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill was hos-oca Qah.rHflv afternoon at hercountry home near Paris to themftmhers of Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughter of the American Revolution. The meeting' combinedbusiness with pleasure. Mrs. Cassu'bL Clay was elected delegate to theState meeting of the D. A. R., whichis to be held in Louisville, October27, 28 and 29. The Chapter beingentitled to ten alternates the following were selected: Mrs. Wade H.Whitley, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,Mrs. Henry S. Caywood, Mrs. JohnA. Bower, Mrs. John T. Collins,Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs. Fan-niebelle Sutherland, Mrs. wjiimuu i.Talbott,- Mrs. Walter Clark and Mis3Nancy Griffith. After the businesssession Miss Blanche Lilleston, reent of the Chapter, introduced aEw member. Miss Elizabeth Roff,who made - a very interesting talk jon the Tercentenary celebration orthe landing of the Pilgrims. ThisChapter is one of tne mofii .nour-PARIS WOMAN INJURED IN AUTOACCIDENTWhile returning ffom Lexingtonin her automobile Mrs. James Connelly lost control of the machine,which crashed into a pole near theinterurban'line. The machine wasbadly damaged. An interurban cararrived a few moments after the accident, and the passengers assistedin removing Mrs. Connelley fromthe wrecked machine, and broughther to her home in Paris. She wasslightly bruised about the face, butotherwise escaped injury.oTHE ELLIS TEA ROOM GAINING, POPULARITYThe Ellis Tea Room is becomingmore popular every day through thefact that the public is being servedsatisfactory meals . at reasonableprices. If you have not taken a mealthere ca'.l" to-day and youu will become a regular patron. (tf)PARIS MAN PURCHASES PRIZEHEREFORD HERDW. A. Thomason, of Paris, purchased the prize-winning herd oHereford cattle exhibited at theState Fair, in Louisville, by H. E.Norton, of Webster, Breckenridgecounty. Theis fine condition attracted much comment and they hadno difficulty in walking off with theprize in addition to attracting manybids. Monday's Louisville Heraldpublished a half-tone cut showingthe herd.oBOURBON PEOPLE CARRY LARGEINSURANCEIn the September issue of The Insurance Press, published in NewYork, giving a table of amountspaid out by life insurance companiesduring 1919, Bourbon county isgiven a total of $205,000 paid outto beneficiaries. The report coveisall sections of the United States.I knew about it while in New York and havebought my stock at the very low prices. I am now ina position to save you money at my Selling Out Sale.cA Beautiful Line of Suits and CoatsIn the very latest models and fashions at prices that areastonishingly low.We haveA beautiful line, of new and up-to-dateSuits at$39.50, $49.50, $69.50Beautiful models at$75.00 and $98.50Our Coats are very pretty this seasonand we have reduced them ' in price soall may buy and save money.them at$22.50, $29.50, $35.00, $39.51,$49.50, $55.00, $59.50, $65.01,$69.50 and up to $200.00A beautiful line of Plush Coats at$29.50, $37.50, $39.50, $45.06,$49.50, $65.00AOME LINE OF DRESSES AT VERY1ESSpecials For Friday and SaturdayOne line of Dresses worth up to $69.50, while they last, at $1975We have pretty Rain Coats at very low prices.$15.00, $16.50, $17.50, $19.50 and up to $45.00LOW PRICES ON THE FOLLOWINGSpecialHope Cotton reduced to 29c yd.All 50c Outing reduced to 35c yd-s.Our very best Percale at . . .. 35c yd.Apron Gingham reduced to 25c yd.50c Dress Gingham ati' 29c yd.Prices on Comforts andBlankets.One lot of $5.00 Blankets now.. .$2.98 pr.LADIES' AND MISSES' UNDERWEAR ATVERY LOW PRICES.A LOOK IS ALL. WE ASKI I $" IRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKY.This Cold Snapeminds You Very Forcibly ofFor Sale50 head of home-raised ewes,ranging in age from yearlings tofour-year olds.SWWBNBY ISGRIG,Route 6, Paris, Ky,(3t-pd) Phone 444.A bitchilly.A changeof underwearwill ward offthat chillyfeeling,especially-if you .buy thatHigh RockFleece Linedunderwearof the$1.50 gradewe areselling todayat $1.50the garment. ,ill iyi1 I A wAtColumbiaGrafanolasare the only TalkingMachines that areequipped with aNon-SetAutomatic StopWhy not buy the best?BLANKETSANDColumbiaRecords yin all.the latest musical and novelty -records.COMFORTSWe have an exceptional good showingof both at most reasonable prices. Maywe have the pleasure of showing you?oSEE OUR WINDOWSFor the Newest Things inLiving Room Furnitureand Floor LampsOUR PRICES ARE RIGHTIf it' comsfrom Desvisit is ridhtTHE J. T. flINTON CO.E1THERPHONE 36 PARIS,, KENTUCKY. SIXTH AND MAIN. N Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking- i4A'1msj;V-&:'7Vr-'THE BjQURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTOTSDAt ..OpTOBgR , g . 1320.r r AGS SIX473Zft;-mrTQ0&&$6Q9W9$$Oe&H&QO9QQ0OO$QQeQOOOgSTANDS OFF A LOT OF DOCTOR BILLS jRecommend Pe-ni-na for Catarrh of the SUmach,Colds and Crip"I have used Pe-rn-na for several years and can heartily m- 0commend for catarrh of the stomach or entire system. Ial- awayeget benefit from It for colds and grip. It stands off lotaof doctor bills tad makes one feel li&o a new person." AR. F. BUTTLES, aR.F.D. No. 3, Bbs 51, Waynesbarg, Kentucky, $Iti3vdsetokeepabottle of Pe-ru-na in the house foremergencies. Coughs and colds may usually be relieved byfew doses of Pe-ru-na taken in time. Nasal catarrh, indi- jjestion, constipation, diarrhoea, rheumatism or other troubles 9due to a catarrhal condition of the mucous membranesall call for Pe-ru-na as the successful treatment. Thehealth building, strength restoring qualities of this wellknown remedy are especially marked after a protractedsickness, the grip or Spanish Flu.PE-RU-NA is justly proud of its record of fifty years zas health protector for the whole family. qTABLETS OR LIQUID SOLD EVERYWHERElSj &?& vf&fK' VrfiiM??.. JHlk...: jBWtPLENTY OP WORK YET FOB, RED" CROSS VAncients Used Wire Rope.r In Bgypt thick beaten wire wasBaa'de lntj chains as far back as theecond dynasty, 5200 B. C; and linksdoubled and looped through one another appeared in the sixth dynasty,4200 B. C. Yet chains were not commonly used until much later. TheGauls excelled in such work, as theyused chain cables and rigging in placeof rope to resist the Atlantic gales.Childish Reasoning.r Elizabeth's mother died three yearsago. Recently her father also passedaway, leaving ten-year-old Elizabeththe eldest of three little girls. Shewas placed In a 'girls' school, whewshe was telling the sister of her misfortune. "God needed them," was thesister's only consolation. To whichLizzie exclaimed: "Maybe he did, butI think we kids needed them worse."II t ittit fieri r""",w"- "j friiiiifiiiiittiftiI -i Every GranuleFull of Healthand every granule is eatable,for there is no waste toIcsSn 7.ITwmiaren love its sweet-.- .smt-MO.TrtjrKCXiu3,avor, it is rea: - ino sugar neeabe added in serving.Made byPostum Cereal CoJnc.Battle Creek, Kich.Nowadays with the stress of, warbehind us the question "What isthere left for the Red Cross to do"is being asked constantly.In asking the American peopleto give their imembeiship dollar forthe fourth consecutive year durinirthe Roll Call, Novembei 11 to 25.National headquarters givps a comprehensive answer to this question.Membership dollair, will be usedto further the gigantic peace-timeactivities of the Ameiican Red Crosswhich are: "NTo continue work for America'sveterans of the world war particularly the disabled.'To serve our peace-time Army andNavy. . sTo develop our peace-time Armyand Nay.To develop stouter National resistance to disease through HealthCenters.To increase the co intryV nursing'resources and to co-operate wittiofficial health agencies.To continue prepaiedness for disaster relief.To continue Home Service andstimulate cojmmunity organization.To complete reHef work " amongthe war-exhausted and disease-riddenpeople of Europe. xASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineAaaaaaaaaaaaaaakeafBHaaWaBalaBBfliQBBSSSBSBSSaVBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBjBBjBBBBfgfgB'"aBBHBBlBr - bVaal 1 BBW m:1 .i1W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH FHOP4ES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.$ .KIXEVERYTHINGNV-For Men and Boys to WearNow is the time to get your newv outfit. Our assortment of styles 'and patterns is at its best Everystyle that's correct isJiere. Everyman will find just the patternshe wants. "Men's Suitsin the hew Browns, Blues andFancy Mixtures$25.00 upRaincoats . and Topcoats$7.50 upShirts in all materials- and patterns. New7 Neckwear, Fall Underwear and don't forget, acomplete line of Shoes."Bayer Tablets or Aspirin is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"'wtiich. contains proper di! actions torelieve Headache. Toothache. Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)Put Romance Before Truth.Inaccuracies in history and anecdotes with no foundation of I act maybe blamed on some of ihe oldpr historians. The Men who lirbt wrote ofColonial and Ri-vuhuior.ai'y limes oftentried to make their accounts romanticand picturesque by revising history tosuit themselves, because they did hotsee that the real facts were- more romantic than 'heir embellishments conldmake them. Our histories, paintings,poetry and traditions are still influenced by their woik.MOTHER!California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeCrJ&"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE",TttlN m: CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, PrtprbterAccept "California" Syrup ofPigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresuro your child is having the bestand most tiaimless physic for thelittle stomachy liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Pulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)STATEMENTOf The Ownership, ManagementEtc., of, THE BOURBON NEWS,pjublished Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., for Oct., 1920, requiredby the Act of August 24, 1912.NOTE This statement is to he madein duplicate, fcoth copies to be delivertd by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster Deneral(division of Classification?, Washington, D. C, and retain the other In thefiles of the postoffice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Parisr Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher" Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholders holdIng one per cent, or mjre of totalamount of stock.).Swift Champ. fKnown stockholders, mortgageesand other security holder, holdingone per cent.' or more of total amountof bonds, mortgages or other securities. None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 5th day of October, 1920.C. K. THOMAS,' Notary Public Bourbon Co., Ky.My Commission exoires . Januarv- Announcement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main 'StreetsPlease call at, our store andhear theAeolian Vocation RecordsONGraduola MachinesRecords received monthly. Five hundred to selectfromE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Sole Agents for Paris and Bourbon CountymmmmwvifiYi i&3BUTCKLnblem ofSdtufadionEm&lcmcf&tifinMmhMrMPWYl&?1 lvvWlilit mi,.h 7- i rt ii iv " --T-s. Vi wJ! A.rCs - U. --vi mS3CA ty von3 BS1 rb W .J 'fci. 'w-JI I I ii. n y-Q'l Mndrl Twrntv Clnc-Fiftv mm narnirr vH X71S .i-kkiivwmiii mmm .. . '' ";- - WfflWumW vv. "-vi - -l rSfc. . m zr -niicii iMjniu a.r mi f ivs&r u -ss vxxyi -j .I , A,)'Ay-f -kv TP1nRnloWW'-i( nrMir "M5J -a ivmsmVM wvmM n wwwm 'kwwifXwmzmftmu&mk mLmmmmg.jg tfflMWMssKMHHEKr wmmimsamxmi rmrAz--mcx&mMBKmr '- fzrarmas0ZmxaEMivv4 notmzs&tSkUiUSm!& z-.ri kHSIBSflSra I ufk?3dNj ;KVBBB .VUr ylMHIB BV.FrVn lyfLOiV3ZHV lHkfl.Vri IBHVilKV VHVBIVWT EWWmSSSStr' , WtMtEMNmint. .r-H i - x-inttrnrf .m. it v x ni jtrm ispbbbcb i wrm.jH4iJFvViv SmFEBKC' ' ' ' ' A!- I 7x Pf IWHKSi HivsmrmfJw - . -mf. Y, A DIHk iV fr mm g0-Qk wUICK power, stamina and service value, with anJO even fuller measure of grace, beauty and those refinements which add comfort to utility characterize thedistinctive Buick qualities of the new Nineteen TwentyOne Series. ,--sThe dominant idea guiding the builders of Buick carsis ever to maintain the Buick standard a standard of..soundness, saneness and serviceability in automobileconstruction. The reputation Buick everywhere enjoys:attests the public approval of this Buick policy.mIfKfcirsiFrX55r-t i lw-- 1 Wi wavin:i.AEi-y.&hh'L !J.Ai8V. -Aj.jJfl"" j ttn ,11The new Buick Three Passenger Roadster, completein appointments, beautiful and roomy is an ideal carfor speedy transportation in all seasons. And back ofthis model, is a nation-wide authorized Buick Service,reinforcing Buick dependability, " ,Prices ot the New Nineteen Twenty OneBuick Seriesf:&&Afodd Twenty One-Forty Four, three passenger carModel Twenty One-Forty Five, fire passenccr carModel Twenty One-Forty Six, four passenger coupeModel Twenty One-Fort Sen, fire passenger jedaaModel Twenty One-Forty EigLt, four passenger coupeModel Twenty One-Forty Nine, seven passenger earModel Twenty One-Fifty, seven passenger lediD51795175525SS2895298520653295A,'-t . J &LrZrfi v ijrr": st?5'.fjhtsrz.sr-w;TheC. S. BallCor. Tourth and Pleasant StsgeWHEN BETTER, AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMSAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist ,pn "Diamond Dyes"Easy directions in every package.GIRLS! MAKE ALEMON BLEACHLemons Whiten tnd DoubleBeauty of the SkinWXSqueeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonpleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhauds eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemon-that sofr.juice to bleach and brinclear. rosv-white iLemons have always befreckle,, sunburn andMake this up andtry itimrtalTrplexiou.sed as aremovex.XBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4 West Pifh Streetsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- ijments m laundry appliances I. and expert helpers we are 5prepared to do work infe- Inor to none, and solicit 5IIyour patronage.-j Thp Bowbon.Laundr-yr ijrans, Kentucky, i (adr-tf-T.)1X15IX!1X3','Lv- - i-.x-:A-J,LJl6; 1922.'-rV" -,'fJ " ". vV Z' V1. .. -"aTUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1920.THfc BOURBON HEWS;. PAJRIS; KENTUCKYMMMNMHMaMHBMHiMMaMMKViCili 77 a f CoW WirtFORColas, CoughsT irCASCARA KJf QUININE4SbSTOMVVANDLa Grippe' -Neglected Colds are DangerousTake no chances. Keep this standard remedy handy for the first sneeze.Breaks up a cold in 24 hours RelievesGrippe in 3 days Excellent for HeadacheQuinine in this form does not affect the head Cascara is best TonicLaxative No Opiate in Hill's.ALL DRUGGISTS SELL ITBURNING OF DEAD LEAVES DECLARED NTJISAffCE -This is the day of the sere andellow leaf, also of many otherKinds of leaves, and soon the airwill be redolent with the odor ofburning" leaves. Every housekeeperseejms to think there is but one wayto get rid of the annual fall leaves,and that is to destroy them by burningiThis practice is prohibited by acity ordinance, and is in addition, amenace in more ways than one. Theburning of leaves creates volumesof smoke,' which causes urtold misfry and suffering to victims of hayfever, as'hma, and other ailments ofthe lungs or air passages.There is also danger to young"4yV-'Southern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-UXilNGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKnrptoks Artificial EyesIawmble Bifocal LaastCmw4k mmd Ckaataat Sta.LOUISVILLE. KY.children who are attracted by thesebonfires. "Who has not read withhorror of cases where innocent little ones met with horrible, agonizing death because of the thought7lessness of older ones in making abonfire of dried leaves, or permitting thepn to be made? There is also,the added danger of sparks settingfire to valuable property. This danger has been stressed numeroustimes in papers all over the country, until public sentiment has beenaroused to the extent of demandingthat the pernicious practice be stopped Those who persist in violatingthe ordinance should be vigorouslyprosecuted, and will be, if the officers are vigilant. -"" 'oAppreciated Lover's Tribute.When Jenny Lind was in Vienna,years ago, a lover learned millineryand floristry so that he might, sew inher hat daily three red roses as a tribute to her art He might have senthuge baskets to her over the footlights.But his method was more delicate andJenny Lind was pleased. PrincessMetternich, too, used to wear flowersin her hat, according to a prominentflorist, who trimmed exotic millineryfor her daily.EERE P&vTSNTION DAY NAIEDFOR OCTOBER 9.Governor Edwin P. ivforrow 1kpissued a proclamation designatingSaturday, October 9, as Fire Prevention Day and culls upon the people of Kentucky to direct their -Attention'on that day to the questionof making their property less liableto destruction by tire. The proclamation follo"ys: """To the People of Kentucky Greeting:"Needless loss by fire in the Stateof Kentucky amounts annuallv tchundreds of thousands of dollais.Business houses, homes, manufacturing plants, etc., are consumed 'byflames, which are preventable intheir origin if( proper safeguardsare used. x"For the purpose of calling the attention of the people of Kentuckyto the needless devastation causedby fire, I therefore, designate Saturday, October 9, 1920, as FirePrevention Pay, and upon this dayjcall upon tho people of this Commonwealth to inspect their homes,places of business,, etc., for the purpose of making them less liable todestruction by fire. To remove allwaste or inflammable material fromcellars, out-houses, etc. To exainineflues ands chimneys, and in a wordto direct' their t attention to theimportant qw stion of making theiiproperty less liable to destructionby fire."-'ii o ."CORNS"Lift Right Off Without PainOn the Tide. -The kflack of floating debts enables! some folks to be In the "swim." Cartoons Magazine.oThe Mormon Temple, in processof erection since 1914, at Calgary,J Alberta, will cost $1,500000 whencompleted.ftmlHJJWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERta larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3muiStFord CarsGO DOWN IN PRICE:iEFFECTIVE NOW PRICES F. O. B. ?DETROIT ARE :Touring Car, Self Starter...... $510.00Runabout Car, Self Starter $460.00Coupe Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $745.00Sedan Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $795.00Truck, Pneumatic Tires $545.00Tractor $790.00WAR TAX AND FREIGHT 'ARE TO BEADDED TO THE ABOVEPlace Your Order Now WhileDeliveries are PossibleRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYLOUISVILL7, KY., Oct. 4.Buildings of the Standard By-Pro-ductsCompany were destroyed andthe machinery badly damaged by afire of undetermined origin hereThursday night. The plant does abusiness of approximately one milliondollars annually. The buildings burn-.ed were valued at $30,000.Persons residing m the vicinity ofthe plant recently filed suit againstthe company, which was chargedwith maintaining a nuisance, because.of the odors created in the processof manufacturing its products. Considerable feeling was aroused overlitigation which resulted in the company's being fined.Operation of the plant was notsuspended, and Thursday J. H.Schaeffer, superintendent of theplant, wasarrested on another chargeof maintaining a nuisance.Doesn't ntut a bit! Drop a littleJFreezone" on an aching corn, instantly that, corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for g. few centd,sufficient to remove every hard corn,soft corn, or corn between the tons,and the galluses, without sorenessor irritation.(adv-T-tf)BIGLOUISVILLE CONCERN DESTROYED BY FIREHall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condition will notice that Catarrh botherstnera much more than when they are ingood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars, free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio., (adv-sept)BRIGHTER-EVENINGS- 6,"-V!VUf -WM$crjyfiiMwiii.,ititsiMm.iinfffgnJA'jAL-AiliBilJti'-i'Attention, Farmers!JYOU have the FARM; we have therfrvii iiMjc- AnRlAN WIRE PENCE, srivenup by all -fence builders to be the best Itence on the marnci.Collier Bros.Office OMMdte Paris Tobacco ' Cumberland Phonj 997-jmm i Heme Phone 257 IJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun -her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She erreeted her questsBy Coal Oil light..And later on, NHow time does uassHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.But the erirl of todavWho wants her home bright.Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.. AParis Gas & ElectnVCo;ImtvviiHUMi 'gmwmmmmc h EflB IGINGER SNAILSZu ZuGINGER SNAFUSBlsSHImSMBBUmwHB KAMSCQUneeda Biscuits2EAgiscurrA SwtrrtMo Biscuit.UneedaStSwu?'CAai'VlBlUlujjJ'ill'.-iHva!r-otmmThis Pantry FarsNo Food EmergencyA SHELF of this pantry is stocked withNational Biscait Company productsand you will find such pantries wherever yougo. No food occasion can tkke it by surprise.There is always something good on hand for 'any meal or when company unexpectedly calls.Thousands of ho'mekeepers everywhere rhave learned the everyday comfort of makingBiscuitry a real part ofjiaily fare. A .supplyof N. B. C. products always in- the house apackage or two of a few varieties means agreat saving of time and labor and the readysolving of many a problem of what-to-serye.Have an N. B. C. shelf in your pantry. The . Jday-by-day convenieh6e and appetite-satisfactionwill well repay you. Every variety comesto your table oven-sweet and fresh, 110 matterwhere bought or when you open the protectingIn-er-seal Trade Mark package.Your grocer carries a complete line. A fewpackages on your pantry shelf saves constantre-ordering and enables you to meet any foodemergency- instantly and well.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPLYiOiUg310WUJJl"DANDERINE"xStops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnHAVlLLIAM K. Hacan G- ONArchitects &- EngiSTeer.PAfcl. Ky.FIE.T NATIONAL SANKllltllllUllllllillllf!lllllllll!i!l1l!lltlll!lilllll!i:illllllllllillllllll!lltl!lllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllimX "few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"yo can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hajr showsnew life, vigor, brightness, moreeclor and thickness.Bourbon Feed Mfg. Co.C D. .VHTCtiELLSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellHAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of theMinesCall In Wfcle We Haxve Plentyr.rvs,-- -incorpiatt(cftiVrT-tpi7JKN-v sh.i-- i:Ar iV . . T - - ..--.. , .a- . &r-7T ,-i"I rTUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1920.PAGK EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKYIs ,.krM,MLLERSBURGMATRIMONIAL.w .1141AND1County Clerk Pearce Patonissued a marriage license Friday afternoon to John. Dillon, 20, andMiss Maude Treeco, 20,. both ofLexington.2:00 to5:307:00 to 10:30uAlsM0(OPERA HOUSEiA I IHiss Marguerite B. Clarke, ofrCsgton, is the" guest of friendsV Segiilar meeting of Amity2J9C T. and A. M., No. 40, thisDErs. Jiminie Neal is visiting her:saju Claude Neal and family, inITer and Mrs. W. J. Slater"frx xs guests Mrs. Henson andgJfaHirsn, of Tenness.ee.SOs? Judith iBeeding, of LexSttgkzsz,. was the guest of her sisters,Utefclfcnts S. M. Endicott and M. D.HUiPSfc,. last week.Mrs. Mattie Ringo has returned1 fex iome in Missouri after a visit1m Irer sister, Mrs. Nannie Bur-'itf ".and brother. Dr. C. Bur-rMK3fes,'!n this city.3Jev. J WS Jones, presiding el3ter conducted the . Quarterly Meetsiart the Millersburg Methodiserch Sunday. Union serviceswsneield Sunday night at the Presllptterian church.MHlersburg sent a large delcstfoGK of enthusiastic Democrats loOiasaJtglon, Friday, to hear the DemawsfiKtic Vice-Presidential nominee,7&ae&Bh D. Roosevelt at the WoodJHmL Paik Auditorium.Relatives and friends in thisiy iave received announcement oftfc Carriage last week in Atlanta.Cau. f William Powell, formerly ofKSStersburg, a.nd Miss Martha Sil--xm.T Atlanta. The groom is a sonf Wr. George Powell, and brotheroCStussell Powell.THE SIfK Mr. S. M. Allen isaasnrring nicely again. Mr. M. M.2kf2?5 is able to be about his room.3fc O. ti. Potts is improving nicely.Slfe. J- T Judy is able to go to thof&to&Rg -oom for his "neals. Mes&tes5 Clara Shanks, Fannie NortB nd Anna Darnell continue abouttfce same.-o.-TXPAYERS, IMPORTANT! MThe 1st of October is draw3ry near, and those of you1Mb have not attended to listEac ytur taxes had best. takewarning ind attend to this immnTfifrly, as we are expectingm large rush toward the last andyaw may not be able to getTwaHed upon. You will pleasegh this your attention and letis se you immediately.Yours truly,WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.srSKStf)LODGE NOTES.HESLER GREEN.The Mavvsville Bulletin of Saturday published the following matrimonial item: v"Daniel . Green and Miss Florence Hesler, both of this city, weremarried Friday afternoon by Rev. J.J. Dickev. pastor of the 'LittleBrick' church. The couple will takeup their residence in Pans.ALEXANDER FLESH.The mariiage of Miss MarionAlexander, the very attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeAlexander, formerly of Paris, andMr. Alfred Flesh, of Piquat Ohio,was solemnized at the Church ofThe Advent, on Walnut Hills, inCincinnati, Saturday, at high noon.Only the members of the immediatefamilies of the contracting partiesand a few intimate friends werepresent. The haDDV couple departed immediately after the ceremonyfor the East, and will sail on thesteamship Imperator, October seventh for a six-weeks' slay in England and France.WOMEN, REGISTER TO-DAY!Will the white women of Parisrefrain from viting because of somepentitnentalit or because they fearsome unpleasantness and allow thenegroes to have full sway? Theanswer is no Every white womanin Paris who loves her home and isopposed to race equality will register to-dr.y, and all will be at thepolls on election day and vote topreserve the sancity of the homewhich is the bulwark of all American Institutions.oTODAY, TUESDAYVIVIAN RICHin "Would You Forgive?""Find the. Woman," is the old cry.Why not also "Find the Man?" Is oneless guilty than the other?An emotional society drama, vital intheme and intense in plot.ALSOStuart Holmes and Miss Frankie Mannin "TRAILED BY THREE"And Pathe NewsTomorrow, WednesdayWILLIAM FARNUMINUWings of the Morning"A screen creation from the famousnovel by Louis Tracy.The story of a man who sacrificed, hishonor to save a woman's good name.In Addition:JOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers"and "Topics of the Day"Thursday, Oct. 7thMADLAIN TRAVERSEINuThe Iron HeartA romance of Big Business, in whicha young woman, inheriting an iron will,defeats the aims of those bent on drivingher to ruin.AlsoMACK SENNETT COMEDY"LET HER GO"and Pathe NewsAdmAsliilf-c )7i Ttllla If nrai rv Ities II H V W I Vs I . jmission: chudren and Gaiiery i8c plus 2cwar tax. 2oc , Irfegg s Urchestra rlays After noon and EveningREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSRELIGIOUS..JLsrass of thirteen candidates willtm gsvtn the First Rank in Pythiawifcra at the meeting of RathbonX-e-r K. of P., No. 12, tc be heldTOtars&ay night.Can You Write?Ye can make it easier for you tovrnke. We sell everything to writeSood pens, steel pens, for oc,wl-wbs of styles.Ha Holders of all kinds, corkrubber tips, etc., 10c each.Jfeis-. composition books, themefcftJfcts at 7c, 10c and 15c each.Irit all kinds of ink, 15c bottle.Jooa Ink for fountain pens, thefe&tr there is, 15c a bottle.Erasers; 5 c and 10 c.&3t kinds colored crayons for payar er blackboard, 3c a box and up.Fwmtain pens, John Hollandide, the best there is at $1.50 upH $5.00.lad pencils in all brands, Eagle."SdScsdO, Dixon at 7c eachiRdettble pencils. Eagle copying,tttet stopying at 15c, 2 for 25c.loose-leaf books' ana paper, allR. J. SHEAPEOELES' PHARMACYs 00. Pans, Ky.Mosquitoesand Rats -- Rev. F. W. Eberhardt, formerly pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, now in charge of the Bapii.t congregation at Georgetown, isconducting a ten-days' revival meeting in the Baptist church at Bowling Green.Rev. W. P. Crouch, pastor ofthe Carlisle Christian church, isholding a protracted meeting- in theChristian church in Blackwell, Oklahoma. His pulpit in the Carlislechurch was tilled Sunday by Rev.W. J. Slater, pastor of the Millersburg Christian church.A GREAT FARM OF 322 ACRES INTWO TRACTS AT AUCTIONRead particulars in advertisementin this issue of the J. J. McClintockand Lou Palmer sale of 322 acrefarm on the Peacock Pike. Salestarts at 1030 a. m., October 8th.Will be sold in two tracts on thepremises. See.HARRIS, RPEAKES & HARRIS.or J. D. McCLINTOCK.(28-td)oATTENTION, BUILDERS!'If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)BIRTHS.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife ofRobin A. Horton, of the L. & N.train dispatcher's office, a finedaughter, the second child. Mrs.Hoi ton was formerly Miss MaryHayden. daughter of Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Hayden, of Henderson street.A worm gear has been designedfor use with small electric motorsto reduce the speed of machineryoperated by them in a ratio of 28to 1.How To GetRid of ThemWe have the goods. Someftcng entirely different fromit you have been using.Give us a call.RUPTURE EXPERTSeeley, Famous In This Specialty;Called To Lexington.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atpublic sale in front of the courthouse door yesterday morning, forMaster Commissioner 0. T. Hinton,a house and lot located on Vinestreet, near Claysville, to George W.Wilder, for $550,Miss Julia Edwards sold lastweek, through the real estate agency of Mitchell, Moreland & Mitchellher one-story frame cottage locatedon South Main street, in this city,to J. A. Lenox, for $3,000. Thesame firm sold some days ago forMiss Edwards another cottage adjoining this one, to Mrs. Skillman,for a price not given out for publication. Mr. Lenox will move to thenew home about Novembei 1.Therf- was a eood attendanceThursday at the sale of the J. A.Banks farm, on the Paris ana uynthiana Dike, near Paris, conductedby Harris, Speakes & Hairis. Thebidding was spirited, tne rarm oiISO acres finally being sold to J. A.Wagonei, for $322 an acre. Previous to the sale Mr. Blanks sold privately one hundred acres of thenlinp tn fienrsre Moreland. at $35Can acre. In 193 9 Mr. Blanks paid$300 an acre tor tne tarm. ie gottwo crops off the place The farmrealized a total of $83,500, an advance of more than $8,000 over the1919 purchase price.oSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Richard H. Wills, of Paris,shipped recently to Columbia, SouthCarolina twenty-five head' of horsesnurchasod in Bourbon and othercounties at prices ranging$100 to $125 a head.oY. M. C. A. NOTESfrontv"GARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.P. H. Seeley, of Chicago and Philaedlphia, the noted truss expert, willpersonally be at the Phoenix Hoteland will remain in Lexington, Monday only, October 11. Mr. Seelr-vsays: "The Spermatic Shield willnot only retain any case of ruptureerfectlj , but contracts tho openingin 10 days on the average car-e. Be-j ing a vast advancement over all former methods exemplifying in-. stantaneous effects, immediately ap-J preciable and withstanding " anystrain or position. This intrumentreceived the only award in Englandand in Spain producing results with-Jout surgery, injections, medicaltreatment or prescriptions. Mr.Seeley has documents from the United States Government, Washington,jD. C, for -inspection. All charitycases without charge, or if any interested call, he will be glad to showsame without charge or fit them ifdesired. Business demandr prevertstopping at any other place in thissection.P. S. Every statement in thisnotice has been verified before theFederal and State Courts. F. H.Seeley. ,Gymrasium classes at the Y. M.C. A. will tftart Monday, October 11.The schedule includes the followingfive classes: Men Monday, Wednesday and Friday, ar 5 to 6. p. m.Men Monday and Thursday, 8:00p. m. Younger Boys Monday andWednesday, 3 to 4 p. m., Saturday10 p. M. High School and Employed Boy- Wednesday and Saturday,7:30 p. rn. Women Tuesday, 7:30p. m. The classes were largely attended last year and a good enrollment is expected this year. Allthose expecting to attend one of thoclasses this year should enroll during this week. x 'oARTIST CONCERT SERIES ASSUMED FOR LEXINGTONThe Aitist Concert Series, promoted by Miss Anna Chandler Goff, assisted by Mrs. Frank Gentry, is nowwell assured, as the number of season tickets sold are almost to the requirements of the guarantee.The first of the series will be the.Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra fortwo jconcerts, matmeo and evening,October 6. always so admired. Aspecial price for seats has been made jfor students at the matinee.Both peiformances will be at theWoodland Park Auditorium, in Lexington, (adv)o .SHOULD ORGANIZE A DEMO-CRATIC CLUB HEREBOURBON GUN CLUB.The regular weekly shoot of theBourbon Gun Club was held lastFriday afternoon on, the Clubgrounds in East Paris. There was agood attendance and everyone participating went away satisfied. TheClub members are taking renewedinterest with each jmeeting, and artmaking good while the going isgood. With the coming of coldweather the chances will be lessened. Ladies have been taking considerable interest in the events, andmany hive graced the grounds withIheir presence.Those breaking 20 or more out ofeach 25 shot at aie as follows:' Sam Clay, 23, 25.A. Buckner, 22, 23..W. K. Ferguson, 20-23.Clarence 'Kenney, 21, 22.R. R. McMillan, 20, 23.Alfred Clay. 21, 21, 22.k Amos Turney 23.. R. C. Ruggles 20", 21.ltfWm. Ardery 20, 21.M. H. Dailey 21.Robert Ferguson 21.N. F. Brent 20.J. S. Haggard 20.o'Of European invention is an artificial wood made frojm autumnleaves ground, dried and compressed with a binding material.TO-BAY IS REGISTRATION DAY.REMEMBER.All "persons, both men and women,living in Paris, who expect to votein tha November election must appear at the polls in their respectiveprecincts between six a. m. and ninep. m., to-day, Tuesday, October 5,end register their names. The onlyqualifications necessary are that thevoter has leached the age of 21years, has been a resident of theState one year, of the county sixpionths and the precinct 60 daysnext prececding the election.oTho University of New York hasestablished a course to teach womenthe art of retail selling. .DEATHS.LAWRENCEThe funeral and burial of Mrs.C. D. Lawrence, aged fifty-eight, whodied suddenly in Winchester, washeld Sunday afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Winchester Cemetery. Mrs. Lawrencewas an aunt of Mrs. A. R. Dennison,of Paris, and Jesse Case, of nearNorth Middletown, who attendedthe funeral.JlAt the age of 4 Mozart composeda number of minutes and otherpieces still extant.ISSSfriSIVnPathePhonographsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! NO CHANGESDOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT,Millershurg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.- 1 -r Li -u.. U ... lw.inq organized all over the country.Why not have one in Paris? Thereare no better or (more enthusiasticDemocrats in the country- than inParis and - Bourbon county. Woshould have a club of 1,000 or moremembers. Let's do it!oi STATE WAE MOTHERS ELECT, NEW OFFICERSAt tlu annual convention of WarMothers held in Louisville, the following officer were elected for theensuing year: Mrs. William DowellOldham, Lexington, State WarMother; Mrs. George Speer. Frankfort, first vice-president; Mrs. KateB. Tayr. Louisville, second vice-presidei.t; Mrs. J. F. Knowles,Winchester, secretary; Mrs. C. C.McAdams, Hawesville, treasurer,and Mrs. Genevieve O'Connor, Louisville, auditor.ADVANCE SALEOPflewFall School Footwear!This week we open the new Fall season with greatvalue offerings of Quality School Shoes for Boys and Girls.A visit to our store will convince you that this is the store foryou to buy at a big saving.See the Great Shoe .Values!Misses' and Children's Tan and Gun MetalEnglish Lace Boots, 85.50 valuesSizes dJQ QQ Sizes fcQ yiQii to 2y2 O.dv 9 to uy2 yoAvMisses' anct Children's $3.50 Gun Metal-English Lace Boots, all sizes 9 to 2.S?"" S2.49MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SPECIAL VALUESGun Metal and Kid Lace Boots, $4,00, all sizes8 1-2 to 2, Special$2.99Misses and Children's $5.00 values in Kidand Gun Metal Boots, all sizes?tpecial $3.49Boys' Goodyear Welt Soles, Tan EnglishShoes.Sizes N QC Sizeszy2 to 6 r.3? 1314 to 2$3.99Children's $3.00 Gun Metal, Kid and PatentButton and Lace Shoes, sizes 4 to 8.?tpec,al $1.99Little Gents' $4.00 Sturdy School Shoes,sizes 9 to 13 1-2.?tpec,al $2.99BOYS' AND YOUTHS' EXTRA SPECIAL VALUESGun Metal English Lace and Blucher Styles, sizes1 to 5 1-2, $5.00 values. Special..... A .!...$3.496IIDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty'and Economy Rcifnv$5' 'a-v.V !1tJ1 'VICAJ-H.i'J Tj-,Vrvs- J,