T1 -. s, jei '" - wc-....-J. -. .?ff' - -"-i- A 'Vfc j V ?"M''11- ?. r,f " J-re . r rk-. LB:"ai-30F v v-j.,Hff"iHEf iSft --ia''. "? :tfr-rj ..? -i-fc4 jat .r -i.cry T't-4-vfci a?yk'' "?"" 1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRTOAY IK THE YEAR.m-w a-&VOLUME XL"' fPARIS, BOURBON COUNTV, KENTUCKY, TUEDAY, JULY 27, 3:0THENEWSBk BJ vl0" ipB;! 4 'H B vM B Bt H "BlTar BliBW vB Bb S tBHBJ m m Jf Be ,flVv BiCfl Bha .BJBvBBBr BBbBt tBBbBf Bb va BBBBBbbB' Bb vBTCLAIRVOYANT BETTER DETECTIVE THAN POLICETSeveral nights ago an automobile belonging to J. L. Watson, ofParis mls stolen from near thePans Grand Opera House, where ithad ceen parked while Mr. Watkinswas attending the movies. On. thesame night the Harry Simon detriment store waa robbed of alarge quantity of valuable goods.It was thought the same thieves hadworked both jobs.All efforts to locate the missingniach.no by the police proved unavailing, though the search neverrelaxed. In despair, and muchinr&itit his better judgment Mr."Waisrin visited a Lexington clair--vant. Without making mention olthe real object of his visit, Mr.WsiPon told the woman he desiredto 'have his fortune told." She related to him vaiious events in hispast life, including deaUi of relatives onie of his business transaction? She informed him that veryirenily someone had stolen his aulomobile. Advising him to stopworrying over the loss, she told himto return home, and that he wouldind iis machine on a side streetvear his home. Mr. Watson roiiownd her instructions, and the nextnorning found his car parked onTwelfth street.It gave evidence of having been-tensively used, and was aboutit of gasoline, living been abandonee on that account. The carv as not damaged in any way duringits absence. The clairvoyant willzt the reward offered by Mr.Mr. Watkins for information leading u recovery of his machine.HELD TO GRAND JURYHenry Hughes, a Cincinnatinegro, who was arrested in Paris byPatrolman Lusk for living too muchliquor in his possession, was given,a hearing before U. S. CommissionerCharles N. Wiard, in Lexington,Fridsy. Hughes stated that hecame to Paris on a fishing trip, andthat the four quarts of whiskey hehad at the time of his arrest was intended solely for his own use on thetrip. His plea was not convincingenough to secure his release. Hewas held to the Federal GrandJury in $300 bond. Failing to furnish ihis he was turned over to thecustody of the Fayette county jailer.The trial was held in the office ofChief Probation Agent Paul M. Williams, in the Federal Building, inLexington.KAIL INSURANCEFor tobacco hail insurancesesMcCLURE & DONALDSON,Agents,First Nations! Bank BSdg.(july2-tf)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Have in StockALL NEEDSForHot Weather WearVoiles, Organdies, Ginghams andWash Skirtings of all kindsA Full Line of Wash DressesSwiss, Organdie, Voile andGinghamForest MillsNet UnderwearvDove BrandMuslin UnderwearNiagara BrandSilk UnderwearFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSARRANGING FOR THE SHROPSHIRE REUNION.The Shropshire family reunionwill be held according to the annualcustom, the first Sunday in Augustat the old family residence in Harrison county. It is now the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Walter HendersonShropshire.To arrange for the details of thereunion Mrs Earl F. Shropshireentertained with an informal afternoon reception for the ladies of thefamily at hei home on East Mainstreet, in Lexington.The guests came from Lexington.Fayette county, Harrison, Bourbonand Scott counties and numberedabout forty.The decoiations were of a varietyof summer flowers and deliciousices, cakes and bonbons were served. The hostess was assisted in entertaining by her sister, Miss LilyWeathers.Arrangements were planned formaking the annual reunior an evenmore interesting and delightfulaffair than those which have givenso much pleasure to this large andprosperous family in previous years.There weie eight sons of the oldhome in narrison county and theirchildren and grandchildren makeup the family list who will attendthe reunion.TRUCK DRIVER SUSTAINS SERIOUS INJURIES.While helping to unload sackedv heat at the Paris - Milling Co.'splant Saturday afternoon, FrankCrovder, truck driver for the M. J.Murphy Transfer Co., met with anaccident that will probably resultin the loss of his right arm.With a sack of wheat on hisshoulder he lost his balance, fallingthrough a window. His entireweight fell on his right arm, forcing it on the jagged edges of thebroken glass. The arm was frightfully lacerated, several arteries being severed. Engineer Jefferson andHenry Shout came to the injuredman's aid. He was placed in anautomobile and lushed to the officeof Drs. Daugherty & Orr, where hiswounds were dressed. He was re-jmoved tc his home on Lilleston avenue.MONTGOMERY FAIR ENDS AFTER RECORD MEETINGThe Montgomery County 'Fairclosed at Mt. Sterling, Saturday, after the most successful meeting iiiits histoiy. The weather was idealthroughout Ihe week and recordbreaking crowds have been in attendance. The racing programoffered each day attracted manylovers of the sport to the fair. TheFloral Hall has claimed its share ofattention, the exhibits being betterand moie numierous than ever befoie. in'tOFEICIALS SEARCHING FORPARIS WOMAN'S ASSAILANT'The identity of the white manwho attempted an assault on Mrs.ueorge insKo, jr., last Friday after-noon, and earlier in the day, seizeda young white girl residing on Lilleston avenue, is now said to beknown to the authorities, who aremaking a search for him.Mrs. Insko, who resides on loweiMain street, was walking on thefoot bridge spanning Houstoncreek, at the foot of Main street,under the L. & N. tracks, Fridayafternoon, carrying her eighteen-months-old child. As she approached the bridge near the county jail,a man whom she described as beinwhite, a.bout the age of thirty,dressed in a Palm Beach suit andwearing a Panama hat, accostedher. He made an insulting and indecent proposal, and when Mrs. Insko resented It, seized her roughlyby the arm and whirled her aroundtoward him. Mrs. Insko screamed,her cries attracting the attention ofMrs. Thos. Taul, wife of the jailer,who was sitting of the porch onlya few yards from the vicinity.Hearing this the man turned andran across the bridge, out the railroad track, and disappeared alongthe bank of the creek. Chief ofPolice Link, Patrolman Lusk, Deputy Sheriffs J. O. Mai shall, Gibsonand Gilkey were summoned, and immediately instituted a search of thelocality, but the pnan had made hisescape, and could not be located.It was stated yesterday that theman whom the authorities have under suspicion is mentally unsound,and that these are not his firstoffenses, as other instances havebeen reported. He has always managed to elude capture, but from theinformation the authorities hadyesterday his arrest may bepected in a short time.ex-MASSIE HOSPITAL NOTESMrs. Elizabeth Snapp, Superintendent, is spending her vacationwith relatives and friends in uynthiana and Harrison county. Inher absence the Hospital is i:icharge of Miss Rowland, graduatenurse.Mrs. Ollie Gray, of Glenkenney,near Paris, is a patient at the institution, where she recently underwent a serious surgical operation.She is improving.Miss Lida Medlin, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Chas M. Medlin, ofnear Paiis, who underwent an operation at the Hospital last week torappendicitis, is reported as beinggreatly improved. -The Hospital is still ready andwilling to receive donations for thepantry and larder. Vegetablesand delicacies for the sick are. especially welcome. Donations can oesent direct to the Hospital, or leftat some place where they will becalled for.Visitors from adjoining towns,whe have lecently visited the Masie Hospital, says it is one of themost complete and best-arranged institutions of the kind in the State.NOTICETo benefit those who werebusy last week wewi I continueour big offer on the Parker Stipes Cord Tire. Come in and letus show you why we guarantee12,000 miles of satisfaction.Factory representative at Lowry& May's.K. OF P.'S HAVE OUTINGAbout one hundred and twentj'five persons, members of the localKnights of Pythias lodges, theirfriends and others, attended the annual outing held at the PythianHome, in Lexington, Sunday. Thetrip was made in a special car overthe Paris-Lexington interurban line,leaving Paris at 9:30 Sunday morning. Many made the trip in theirautomobiles.The day wasNspent in pleasure -seekingabout the grounds, and ingames of -various kinds. At noon abountiful basket dinner was servedon the wide lawn at the PythianHome. The Girls' Orchestra of thePythian Home contributed a pleasing program of musical selections,and readings by Miss Mitchellhelped to make the occasion a mostenjoyable one. From his sickbed atthe Home, Col. Robert Slade, thegenial Superintendent, sent his personal greetings and gave orders thatthe grounds and everything aboutthe Home should belong to the visitors for the day. The Knights andtheir friends took full advantage ofthe kindly offer and made themselves perfectly at hqme for the day.oNEW SWINDLING SCHEMETHE NEWS desires to -warn thepeople of Paris and Bourbon countyof a new form of confidence gamethat is being worked by smoothlalking swindlers through Kentucky. Two strangers, pretending to berepresentatives of a well-known sonitariujm, show up in a neighborhood,leam the names of the sick, andeventually make visits in whichthey assure the family of the invalidthat the health of the afflicted per-enn mnv ho roafnvorl fhrrmoTi thpirmethod of treatment. After pay- Iment is secured and worthless pre-!scriptions and directions for treatment of the sick person given in exchange, tiiQ "doctors" leave fevI fresh fields, and nothing more, isheard of them. " " , " 'GROOM SEEKS LEGAL AID FORPOSSESSION OF WIFEfFor the firsttime,theprobably, inJ tne history oflocal Court,j uoeas corpusproceedings havebeen resorted to by a groom to gainpossession of his wife. Thin m.ceeding took place in the CountyCourt yesterday when legal actionwps brought, before Judge Batterton by Melton Hornback, ofParis, tc gain possession of hisbride, recently Miss Zuma Meade,to whom he was married in Cynthiana, last week.. The bride's parents were opposedto the marriasre. on account nf thi girl's youth, but the lovers eludedmem, ana- motored with a party offriends to Cynthiana, where thywere married. Returning to thiscity, the bride and her mother leftfor a short visit to relatives inMuncie, Indiana. On their return,learning of the marriage, Mr. andMrs. Meade, it was alleged, refusedto let young Hornback see hisbride, and the habeas corpusprocedings were resorted to. InCourt County Attorney Cline askedthe biide's wishes, and upon beinginfdimed that while she loved herparents, she wanted her hubby, theCourt directed that Mr. Hornbackbe given possession. There was a;oyful reunion of the distressednewly-weds in the County Attorney's office, after which they departed, accompanied by the blessings and congratulations of a largenujmber of friends, who had gathered to hear the outcome of the affair. BOURBON GUN CLUBTOURNAMENTHOLDSThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirshoot on the Club grounds last Friday. The main feature, was theshoot-off of the tie in the F. B.Hillis Trophy, which was contestedfor by club members on July 16.Eight shooters tied up, and it required three shoot-offs before thewinner was decided, the winner being Douglas Thomas, Jr.Scores of those breaking twentyor more targets out of twenty-five,are as follows:Mr. Hisle 25, Mr. Herndon 25,23, 24, 24, F. B. Hillis 23,22, 24.Dr. Fallis 23, 23, 22, Ben Goff 24,James Denrrey 20, 23, Harry Strother 21, 2l 22, C. H. Ferguson 29,22, T. P. Smith 18, 20, 23, H. E.Anderson 20, 21, A. L. Ferguson 20,Alfred Clay 24, W. K. Ferguson 24,R. R. McMillan 22, John Shropshire2'J, J. W. Thompson 21, DouglasThomas, Jr., 21, Aylette Buckner20, J. M. Caldwell 20, RudolphDavis, Frank Williams 20.The next nophy shoot will beheld Friday, July 30, the trophygiven by the Ruggles Motor , Company, one automobile tire, as follows: Firestone Cord 30x3 Fordsize, price ? 3 5.50. If the winner ofthis trophy does not want this sizelire the Ruggles Motor Companywill allow the winner $35.50 crediton any tirethat they carry in stock.oRESIDENCE AND 8 ACRES TO BESOLD AT AUCTION.Don't faiT to attend the sale ofMr. Stanhope Wiedemann's residence and 8 acres of land on Cypressstreet, on Tuesday, July 27: Salestarts al 10:00 a. m., and residencewill be sold at 11:00 o'clock. Alsoat the same time a manure spreader,grain drill, farm wagon, buggy,spring wagon, kitchen utensils,jars, crockery, white enamel Sanitary Favoiite Range Stove, etc., willbe sold.This is one ;of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve. For particulars seeHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.oBARGAINS IN HAMMOCKSWc have a few Couch Hammocks left in stock that canbe bought at a liberal discount. Better call early.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(June29-tf)oF0RMER PARISIAN HAS NARROW ESCAPE.Ben Scaulan, formerly in the employ of The Cumberland TelephoneCo., in this city, now "tiouble man'for the Stanford exchange, had anarrow escape from electrocution inthat city last week.Scanlan was working with a telephone wire on a pole, when hecame in contract with a high tension electric wire having direct connection with the power house. Theinsulation had worn off the wire,Scanlon receiving a severe shock.He had presence of ;mind enough tocling to "the pole until released byfellow workmen. He was removedto his home where examinationshowed he was not seriously injured. Kis bands weie burned slightlyby the current.oREFUSES TO ALLOW INSURANCEINCREASESThe Workmen's CompensationBoard in session at Frankfort, refused to allow insurance companiesto increase rates. The basic ratefor compensation is $3.65, and thecompanies desired to increase therateto $3.97. Arguments used inbehalf of the increase were thatthe new law increased the maximum from $100 to $200 and thatthe weekly compensation hadincreased. , j ' ""xbeenBECKHAM TO SELECT DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNMANAGERI fi.n!I.ft, T n -r -r, ,.x- -,dftt7 Vn. 1 ' ,v " u?,- :selections of the Democratic earnx' v.-rv,uuu. Will UlULcLLt: Lilt?paign manager in Kentucky for thisfall's election. Not only will theman chosen to direct the fight beentirely acceptable to Senator Beckham, but he will also largely represent the Senator's personal choosing. These facts developed N followingSenator Beckham's return to Louisville, after a trip to Columbus, O.,where he conferred with GovernorCox, Dejmocratic Presidential nominee, as to choice of a leader for thefight in this State.x From sources close to SenatorBeckham it was learned that Governor Cox at the conference assuredthe Senator he was willing to leavethe fight in this State entirely in hishands and that any campaign manager he saw fit to name would beagreeable to the Presidential .nominee. Thus did Governor Cox commit the party ipterests to SenatorBeckham, and also fall responsibility for the race in the State thisyear.DEMENTED MAN TERRORIZESCOMMUNITY.Chief of Palice Link was summoned Saturday night by a hurryup telephone call to a house on theBethlehem pike, where a dementedman was terrorizing the household.The man, who gave his name asJohn R. Smith, of Williamstown,called at the house Saturday afternoon and asked for work. He wasput to work -and seemed very wellsatisfied. Saturday night after retiring to the room which had beenassigned him, he became very noisyand complained of his surroundingas unsatisfactory. He was finallyejected from the house. Securing apitchfork from the stable near byhe mounted guard near the frontdoor and threatened the occupantsof the home with physical "harm, accomparrying the threats with wildmuttering.Chief Link disarmed the man,placed him in his machine andbrought him to Pi-.ris, where hewas held in the Paris jail for safekeeping. DESIRABLE MODERN COTTAGEAT AUCTION. WEDNESDAY,JULY 28.We will sell one of the most- up-to-dateand desirable modern bungalows in Paris, when we offer theelegant Bruesaw home at the cornerof Sixteenth and High streets, on,Wednesday, July 28, at 2 oNclock.This bungalow was built by Mr.John Arklc and everything is firstclassHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(20-3t) Agents.WE KNOW H0Wlow Can Ion TollWhether or Not You Can BeFitted Until You Try to Be?ftKEgavjaig S8sSt sans(Hlsl 1 llilll IfC-2y matMITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENr -SREGffS ORCHESTRA" DELIGHTwij.ii iAUiUTON CONCEITGregg's Orchestra, playing at "titTiT Ji. vie nouses, augmented frythe addition of several Lexingtonmusicians delighted a large crowd atWoodland Park, in Lexington, suaat Duncan Park, Sunday afternoon,and evening, with concerts. The following program was renderedMarch, "Boys From Home;" Selections from the comic operar "AngelFace;" Valse, "Hearts and Flowers;" New Jazz Fox Trot, "Oh; Oh!Oh!" Bolero, "Spanish Gayety;"Intermission. March,- "More Fraternity;" Selections frcpi "The Bo- ;hemian Girl;" Twelfth Street Rag;"Miserere," from "ii Trovatore;' '"Star Spangled Banner."The occasion was enliyened bythe enthusiasm of a group of Con-'.federate veterans from Paris, who,after meeting a number of theirFayette comrades, and holding" abow-wow, sent a request to Director aturner Gregg to play "Dixie'The request was willingly compliedWith, and as the well-known mar-tial air rang out, the enthusiasm ofthe vets manifested itself in the oldtime "rebel yell," (much to theamusement of the large crowd ofspectators.About thirty-five from Paris spentthe afternoon in Lexington, attending the concert, which they pronounced a musical treat of thehighest order.The concert will be continued atthe parks, notwithstanding the prottsts of Revs. F. Mclntyres and G.B. Crawford, pastors of the twochurches in the vicinity of Duncan 'Park, who, as representatives oftheir congregations, told Commissioner Wood G. Dunlap that theconcerts conflicted with their pulpitengagements. The matter was leftto a vote of the patrons, and the 1,-500 people present voted unanimously to have them continued.UP-TO-DATE FRAME BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONOn Wednesday, July 28, at twoo'clock, Harris, Speakes & Harri3,agents, will sell the modern and at-tractive Breusaw bungalow, locatedat Sixteenth and High streets, at -publicauction. The home is up-tothe-minute and an excellent buy.(20-3t)oEORMER PARIS WOMAN JNJUR-ED BY EALL.Mis. Sallia Neff, lately of Parisbut who is now residing with hefdaughter, Mrs. L. P. Kash, in Covington, had the misfortune to falldown a flight of steps, from whichshe suffered serious injuries. Shesustained deep cuts on the head,which necessitated several stitchesto close. She was reported yester-day as doing well, and it was hopedno serious results would follow.Nowadays there are somany different models fordifferent figures theChances areto OneTenThat You Can Be FittedWith One of OurSmartSuits rGive us a' call. It's apleasure to us to showjyou.NBLAKEMORE. - pmmmrmJtfV-t t -r-xr' ',,tKJ-;.-V"vf - -'- VVVi" VS. -v ! 1VfVV ffr. " J vor-, , i v A' . ., . K ,A'P GE TWOT7IFKB0URB0N NEWS PARIS. KENTUCZT k ,'TCTSSiX JTTLT ST, WffrkM ::i rvr-THE BOURBON NEWSed 188139 Years of ContkuioiLS PublicationNttkiked Every Tuesday and Friday1 Tear. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Altered at the Paris, Kentucky,Pcetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.) iFOKEIGN EEPEESENTA-TIVES.Jew York American Press Asso-Aictgo Lord & Thomas.Mdladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atkiita Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.lanisville Stark-Lowman Co.A-ny erroneous reflection upon theaikaracter, standing or reputation of-aay person, firm or corporation-wkieh may appear m the columns ofTTR BOUJEtBON NEWS will be gladlyrrected if brought to attention oftike editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertftck lor first time; 50 cents per inchsjtcfcr subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineack issue; reading notices in black$7pe, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cwdi of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andotaailar matter, 10 cents per line. vSpecial rates for large advertiseawnt8 and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedt, decline any advertisement or otheraamtter for publication.Announcements for political officeslast invariably be accompanied byfee cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor President," Jamae M. Cox, of Ohio.Wor Vice PresidentjFr&nklin D. Roosevelt, New York.Fpr United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.Tor Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as a ;cauiuiuaie iur me utjiiiuurauu nuni-isation for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"mikey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHA11L.It. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respect-iully solicits your support andJuence.David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,"deputies.FOR JAILEREd-Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can-iidate for Jailer of Bourbon Counly, subject to the action of the Demscratic primary.JSTOR TAX COMMISSIONER."We are authorized to announceXaS. H. MORELAND, of Paris Pretimct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County..with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofJMillersburg, as Deputy, subject toifce action of the Democratic voterst Bourbon county.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announce30HN J. REDMON, of the NorthjKiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bour--oacounty, with THOMAS TAUL,mt Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters of3kHirbon county.ORDEPUTY TAXSIONER.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make thejace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax CommissionerJ Bourbon County, subject to theaction "of the Democratic party.WOMAN, AT 60, KICKS HIGH,REDUCES WEIGHT.jrtfi2f nf Mia mnnir iyia l?-ti3c nf ISmh reduction which crop up from Ilime to time is hirh Trirlrine". This!practice has been seized upon inLosdon) England, by many memJer of the fair sex and the women's clubs and Turkish baths are'fiving special facilities to womenrho are taking up the fad in thelope that their too solid flesh will-WitIn one women's club there is saidto be an 5ld lady of 75 years whoias eucceeded in kicking to a heightf five feet one inch. Anotherbecause she disturbed people by her-gymnastics, said that she had' reached four and one-half feet andilfcat she had lost two pounds inSpeight.o"Thank you, old boy, but we havei io place in the house for tnat jug-f Hazard moonshine you so kindlyTiCerecL us." And thus ended one. -c -w Q-e biggest lies ever, written in anInirlnsi'ir 1ittor"(" j v...BEFUBttCllu ftCKET SEEMSTUBHE A10WDSenator Harding has announcedhis intention, if elected, to takeGovernor Coolidge into his most intimate confidence and make him, -asit were, a junior member of thefirm, thus amending the Constitution by ipse dixit and upsetting thejudicious balance of governmentprovided for in that instrument.The distinguished Senator is generally at pains to manifest his greatrespect for the wisdom of thosewhom he whimsically refers to as"the founding fathers." but evidently believes they were shortsighted in respect to the place andfunction that the Vice Presidentshould have. It 'is a shame, saysthe Senator, whose words beingfew and seldom are impressive,that the presiding officer in the Senate has not a more active part inthe Government. What about thepresiding officer in the House, Senator? If we must reform the Government, might it not be just aswell to continue holding the President himself responsible, and electone who can take up and bear theresponsibility?It really is too bad the Republicans got their ticket turned aroundlike they did, but it does not seemwise to change the constitution tcaccommodate their awkwardness.THE AGRICULTURAL PLANKThe agricultural plank of the SanFrancisco platform invites the support of the farmer, not only, on thebasis of very definite accomplishments in the field of agricultura1legislation, during the past eightyears, but on a further definite constructive program as well.It makes for itself an excellentcase. By contrast with such generalities of the Chicago platform as"the farmer is the backbone of thenation" and "the crux of the present agricultural condition lies inprices, labor and credit," the Democrats are able to enumerate no lessthan six important pieces of con-jstructive legislation, that have beenI passed with the idea of putting agriculture on a better footing. Thatthe last Republican Congress notonly failed to add anything to thisprogram, but even interfered seriously with the operation of the Federal Farm Loan act is a matter easyof proof.In the agricultural northwest thefarmers have united to a high degree to protect their own interests.Unfortunate consequences for thecountry would ensue were an unenlightened agricultural policy tooblige the farmers of the nation toalign themselves with the radicalelements of the industrial centers.Increasing farm tenancy and ahsentee landlordism present a seriousae-rin.iilt.nrn.l nrnhlem. The Wilsonadminiatration has acted in a wayto check the growth of this unwholesome tendency, and to preventagriculture from deteriorating intothe sad slate in which it now findsitself in England. The party nowpledges itself to a continuance ofthe good work. By supplying fertilizers at reasonable costs, by facili-in-gating the co-operative handling ofjfarm products, and by further mi-' proving credit facilities more is tojDe .accomplished in the direction ofeasier acquisition of the land.0IKENTUCKY TO BE REPRESENTED. Mrs. O. J. Chandler, of Harrodsburg, has teen chosen to representKentucky in the party of thirty women going to Europe from the United States to Christiana, Norway, toattend the International Council oJWomen which will be held there inSeptember.Mrs. Chandler is the widow ofOrie J. Chandler, formerly of Paris,and was before her marriage MissHaldon Hardin, prominent in cluband civic work.The party will leave New York,August 7, on the steamship Patriaof the Fabie line and return October 17 on. the Stavanger, of the Norweigan American line, after beingguests of the National Council ofWomen of Great Britain and Ireland at their annual meeting inBristol. All the "national organizations of women in ihe' country willbe represented by these delegates.They will be received by the royaltyof the various countries they expectto visit and will travel under theprotection of the State Departmentof the United States Government.oCIVIC FUNDS.Many progressive towns are notsatisfied with what public improve-mo-nf fJiov mnv Vo nVkl tn crot-" " "thush e municipal governmentana laxauuii. iuey raise luiius uysubscription campaigns with whichto put over projects for which themass of the tax payers are notready.In Middletown, Ohio, for instance,they have raised a fund of $1,030,000. This will be applied to suchcauses as the local, hospital, park.-and play-grounds, Girls' Club, library, Community building, Y. M.C. A. building, etc.Middletown has a population of25,000, so its people gave at therate ot 40.00 per capita. It wouldbe possible to realize di earns heretofore regarded as impossible, ifhere in Paris the people would contribute an average of 40.00 eachfor civic causes.o 'TTia Ktntp. of Tllinnis line,notor venicie f0r every 45 yards of;i. t- ... V ...... i. ' c ri 11 - 'onell5 ya,st ueiwuiis. ui ran nues. jIS THIS YOUREXPERIENCE?Many Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying Kidney Ills.Are you bothered with too frequent action of the kidneys? Arethe secretions -highly colored dothey contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris people recommend Doan's Kidnej- Pills. Ifyour back aches and your kidneysare weak you will find no betterlecommended remedy.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I havehad three or four attacks of lumbago in the past few years, the firstbeing the worst. There was a constant, dull ache in my back all thetime and often sharp, cutting painsdarted through it. It sometimesseemed as though I could nardlyendure the misery. I tried different remedies with no good results. Eheard of Doan's Kidney Pills andproduced them from the ArderyDrug Co. The first box helped" meand I continued taking them untilcured. Atlacks since then have always been slight. Doan's KidneyPills have never failed to relievene."Price COc, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Tills the samethat Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oTO ANNOUNCE GENERAL CENSUS IN SEPTEMBER.The total population of the United States will be announced aboutSeptember 1, according to a statement given- out by Dr. Joseph A.Hill, chief statistician of the CensusBureau. He said that during theintervening period population figures for all towns, cities, countiesand States in the country will bemade public. The agricultural census will not be completed until after the population census, while thecensus of manufactures will followlhat of agriculture.The bureau has decided that detailed statistics covering the number of persons of different nationalities residing in the United Stateswill not be made public until nextyear.oBUSINESS GOOD!All industries increased the totalamount of their payrolls for June,1920, as compared with June, 1919,according to statistics made publicby the Department of Labor, atWashington. In ten out of thirteenselected manufacturing industries,there also were increases in thenumber of persons employed, thefigures showed.It's either Bryan or Billy Sundayto head the Prohibition ticket, announces an authority. We'll wageithat it will not be Bryan who wiUtake the stump for the Democraticparty late in the fall.Notice to Garth FundBeneficiariesThe undersigned Garth FundCommissioners will meet the present (old) beneficiaries of the Fundat the Court House, in Paris, Ky., at9 o'clock a. ni., onTHURSDAY, JULY 29, 1920.The present beneficiaries mustbring their accounts, properly itemized, with vouchers or receipts forall expenditures, and their accoumsshould balance. Reports of theirclass standing and their grade forla&t scholastic year must be presented. NEW APPLICANTS.Shall meet the Commissioners azthe same place, onFRIDAY, JULY 30, 1920.These applicants must present theCommisson proper recommendations as to their moral and financialstanding, as well as a detailed report of their class standing In thelast school attended.JOHN T. COLLINS,E. M. DICKSON,C. M. THOMAS,(23-3t) Commissioners.Service Taxi Co.(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. R. MASTERSON, Prop.Both 'Phones 204.Taxi and Truck Service Day andNight.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday. Prom Paris to Millers-hurg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ... .12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel . .12:15p.mArrive Millersburg 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel . . .' 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg . . 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel . . 2:25 p.m. iBoth. Phones 204.PASTORS' 1IKJL ABKTisCAPEOLD -MAIDS. .Episcopal ministers who haveserved as temporary chaplains inthe army and who seek to be madepermanent chaplains were up forexamination at army headquarters.One of these ministers when asked why he wanted to be a chaplain instead of a rector of a churchreplied:"There are several reasons. Achaplain in the army is free to dowhat work he thinks best. He isnot beset by a lot of old maids inhis parish who are all the timemaking life miserable for him whenhe cannot follow out their churchplans."LostOn Main street, between Seventhand Second street bridge, a blacksilk coat made with vest and whitelace around the collar. Finderpleas return to BOURBON NEWSoffice, and receive reward.(20-tf)Give a Thought to Music.Pipnos, Player Pianos, CabinetTalking Machines, recoids and music rolls at low prices.Also have slightly-used Mahogany Upiight Piano, taken in exchange, at a bargain.Cash, or convenient terms may bearranged.We also do tuning and repairing.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(22june-tf)For RentSix-room flat, with bath, gas andeiecliic lights. All rooms in firstclass condition, and can give immediate possession. Located at 1455South High street.C. N. MARTIN,Cumberland Phone No. 959.(20-tf) 'ib'or Sale.Stock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cnmb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)WHAT CAN YOU GET AT THEBOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION?Free Battery InspectionBest ofBourbon209 Main StreetPCUBtlCI.9Commencing at 1:30 p. m., onSaturday, July 31, 1920,the following articles will be soldLot of Canned Goods.Beds, single and double;Cots, mattresses for same;Chiffoniers, Washstands;Tables;Dining Chairs (bent wood) ;Many other articles too numerous to mention.TERMS CASH.COL. C. M. BEST, Millersburg, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.AttractivePublic AuctionTuesday, July 27, 1920,On the Premises, on Cypress Street, at 10 O'clock a. m.we will sell on above day and date, the handsome home of Mr. StanhopeWiedemann.Lot contains eight acres of ground, beautiful lawn with circulardriveway in front of house, shade trees, flower and vegetable gardens,new storage ond laundry house, new garage, stable and corn crib, chicken yard, servants' quarters, cistern at rear door. One of the most elegant homes in the city.House is a substantial two-story brick, with every modern convenience. Interior finish in white enamel, high ceilings beautifully finished, mantels, electric lights, gas and hard wood floors. Handsome library, parlor, one bed room, large dining room, reception hall andbreakfast room on first floor, and four elegant bedrooms, and hall onsecond floor.Complete bath on both floors, presses throughout the house, coldstorage and large pantry. 'An ideal home for the most fastidious. Could not be duplicatedfor twice what it cost the owner.Sale positive and without reserve. Terms made known on day ofsale.At same time and place will sell a lot of farm implements, including manure spreader, grain drill, farm wagon, buggy, springwagon, harness, etc., kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery, white enamel sanitary Favorite Range Stove, two extra good pair of mules, 2milk cows, 1 two-horse wagon, 1 breaking plow, large stock scales,small platform scales, three large heating stoves, 1-horse lawn mower,lot of pitchforks, diggers, shovels, hoes, one depot wagon, one chariot,one break cart.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.Office in Farmers & Traders Bank Buildii-g.(20july-3t)Your Battery Chargedin LESS TIME at LESS EXPENSE, with LESS DANGERto the battery itself: BECAUSE we have installed anautomatic cut-out to take care of the charging with safetyoverjnight.A Repair Adjustment Guaranteeof 10 Months(Something not generally given): BECAUSE we do notdeem it advisable to repair any battery which will not"afterward give the owner ten months longer service.and addition of distilled water: BECAUSE it is in keeping with Exide Service.Work Turned Outnot with the idea of cheapness and quantity, but with the.honest stamp of quality.AllThe Oversize Exide Batteryto give you a "Sure Start Assured" when your old batteryfails completely AND TO SEE THAT IT GIVES YOUSERVICE! 'Exide Service StationSALEOPFurniture, HouseholdGoods, Etc.son the premises of M. M. I.:Table ware;Kitchen utensils;One large Hotel Refrigerator;Laundry Outfit;Porch Furniture;ResidenceAt-K.-fPhone 307.V v'. - I 1. . .kti-Ev-jr n(E9-,T,v-Jj-1-&"- 'a: irfi.rh saTuesday, july 27, .mo120 :r ' THE BOUKB&N NKWS, PAkl8,SKMftUCir . " - f V , - " -;''-.SAY "DIAMOND DYES'Don't streak or ruin your material in& poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."xbj uirecnuiiB m every package.iI" m....,- .GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENMake Lemon Lotion to Double IBeauty of Your Skin I---.M ..M-M--,Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonDleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andnanas easii day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make this up and try. it.(adv-tf-T)YOU KNOW THIS FELLOW' I'm the guy who visits yourhome over the week-end and upsetsthe whole household establishment.1 get up in the morning when I.--.. jfeel like it and if I keep you waiting ax Dreaicrast for me it doesn'tannoy me in the least.I expect you to entertain me thebest you know how and as long asI don't get tired I should worryhow much I keep you trottingaround with me.And if I don't want to retire until after midnight. I expect you tosit up with me and keep me company. I'm your guest, you know,at ypur own invitation. 'You shouldn't expect me to fallmiu your ways you must accommodate yourself to mine. I consideryour home mine while I'm in itand I propose to take advantage ofthe opportunity.If I don't like the plans you'vemade for my visit, I'll say so andhave you make new ones that suitme better. If I don't like what yougive me to eat I'll manage to leeyou know. It may embarrass you,but I'm fussy and always look outfor number one. It's a gieat life ifyou know how to week-end to advantage. oSPEAK TJP, GENTLEMEN ! ( SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.EXCURSIONCincinnati, O.and returnvia$1.95 L. & N. $1.95Sunday, August 1st, 1920BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)SAY "DIAMOND DYES"Special train will leave Paris at I Don't streak or ruin your material in a8:20 a. m., returning, will leave I Eoor dve Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Fourth Street Station. Cincinnati. ' 7 directions in package.6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ci'.y Time. .For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.mmm i i n"CORNS"Lift Right Off Without PainDoes Your Letterhead Get It?The appearance of your letterk head may mean success orfailure. Do yourself justice' in the quality of your businessmessenger.We do not advocate extravagance. We recommend theuse of a very moderate pricedstandard paperKJwhich has won recognitionfor its quality and the serviceit gives. We are prepared tofurnish that paper and to printyou a letterhead that is a dignified representative.See What We Can Give YonBefore Yon Place an OrderNews Job DepartmentaeqjCJ?vjy(Cincinnati Times-Star)Three per cent, of alcohol existsin ripe buttermilk, declares theState chemist of Delaware. Nowwhat do you know about that? Atone fell thrust, our supreme faith inthe integrity of the family cow iodestroyed. She stands before uscharged with having been, allthrough the ages, a potential boorlegger. Never can we look her inthe face again without suspectingher docility to be duplicity, hersincerity, subtlety.The State chemist of Delawarefurther declares that every vendor orripe buttermiik is liable to prosecution. What is true of Delaware is,of course, true of Ohio. Thercfoiethe abandonment of the work-housemay have been somewhat premature.We may even have to build hugeadditions. What, with the earlymorning milkman, the disconsolatebarkeep, the dairyman and thehousewife, all of them in varyingdegrees vendors of buttermilk, nolimbo now in existence will be ample enough tG accommodate Jill thoviolators of the law.'Politically, the disclosure of thenefarious nature of buttermilk willhave important consequences. Asquestionnaires are the fashion during this campaign, we denmnd toknow whether William J. Bryanand Billy Sunday are consumers ofthis intoxicating beverage. If theyare so, they aie not It to head theProhibition ticket. No sincere "dry"for a moment could think of votingfor men who hide such depravedappetites under the cloak of smuJiyprocracy. , .oComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WHY CITIES GROWDoesn't huit a bit! Drop a little'Freezone" on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents,sufficient to remove every hard corn,soft corn, or corn between the toes,and the calluses, without sorenessor irritation.(adv-T-tf)o .Their arms and shoulder-blades aiebare;Their waists are low m front; thedears ,Display their legs, and do not care;I wonder why they hide their ears?oA special permit must be securedby motorists who contemplate athirty-day tour through Canada.jiiiiiiiiiniiitiiitiiiiiiiiisitiriiiiiiiTiiinnniiiiiininimuiiniinmimiiimiiinumtmum minminmiiminiiintinnmnf itimtiLWilliam K. Hagan cybNAr-chitectv cS Engineer.riR-T NATIONAL DANKPar.!.KYiiiiiitiuniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimOUR rep utationfor business integrity and professional wisdom is thepublic's protection.Our equipment ismodern and our conduct irreproachable.We are fair at alltimes.VBB bTTim m M si iiIkI sBH jTwo items of news from Henderson supplement and complementone other. We aie told, on theone hand, that the decennial growthis a paltry matter of 700 or so, andwe read, on the other, that the Ministerial Association is more thanever determined in its fight againstSunday movies.Into the legal aspects of the controversy we do not propose to enter.We are concerned only with the, narrow spirit, the obstinate intolerance,the lack of vision of these ministerswho see their congregations dwindling, a condition by no means confined to Henderson, and have no remedy to offer, save, in a manner ofspeaking, to lock them in. Why notbe logical Why not go all the way?Street cars, soft drinks, newspapers,boat rides, shoe shines, cigars tosay nothing of cigarettes, Lhese donot come under the exception madein favor of the ox miserably falleninto a ditch. They help make lifetolerable therefore away- withthem all. If banning these does notfill the churches and crowd the Sunday schools, what's the matter .witha truant officer?Cities grow, among other reasons,in propoition as they look forward,not backward; in proportion as theyare pleasantly habitable by mostand not merely the sanctuary of afew hard-shelled in their self-content."DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.II , l y ACTaaMVA few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)CAMPHOR AND WITCHAZELHELP WEAK EYESParis people are astonished at thequick results produced by simplewitchazel, camphor, hydrastis, etc.,as mixed in Lavoptik eye wash. Inone case of weak and near-sightedeyes a few days use brought greatimprovement. In another case itStopped eye pains and) inflammation.We guarantee a small bottle of Lavoptik to help ANY CASE weak,strained or inflamed eyes. Aluminum eye cup FREE. Brooks &Smapp Drug Co. (adv)oGAME COMMISSION MAY BITYMSH HATCHERY IN BARRENPlans are oh foot for the purchase of a private fish hatchery InBarren county by the State Gameand Fish Commission. ExecutiveAgent Tuttle left Frankfort for Louisville to attend to matters relatingto the exhibit of the commission at(the State Fair, after which he will;go to Glasgow to make an examination of the hatchery preparatory tcrecommending its purchase to thecommission. tExecutive Agent Tuttle is preparing to have & splendid exhibit tthe State Fail- andTill'ltnakelitheadquarters for the sportsmen ofMiss Mary Edwards is visitingrelatives in Richmond, Virginia.Miss Lida Turner is visitingMiss Bertha Newhoff, in Versailles.Mrs. Addie Smith, of nearParis, 1Is a guest of Mrs. Wm. Mas&ie, in Winchester.Mrs. John Hennessey has returned from a visit to Mrs. HarveyFeeback, in Covington.Mrs. S. R. Brooks, of Maysvilie,is a guest of George H. Preston andliuiuiy on uuncan avenue.Miss Alice Clark Kellogg, ofRichmond, spent the week-end inParis as a guest of friends.I. V. Gray, of Selina, Missouri,is visiting Dee Gray and other relatives in this city and county.Mr. and Mrs. D. H. Butler anaMr. and Mrs. Robert Hardman arevisiting lelatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. J. U. Boardman and grandson, Charles Offutt Boardman, Jr.,of Chicago, are visitins: relatives inParis.Miss Allie Van Wiggleswortb.of Cynthiana, spent the week-endin Paris as guest of Miss MarvEllis.Miss Catherine Connelley hasreturned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati, and in Covington.Mr, and Mrs. Redmon Talbottare hosts at their country homenear Paris, to Miss Rachel Sabel, ofLouisville.Misses Frances Butler and AnneRutherford Duncan have gone toLake Chautauqua, New York, for arwo-weeks' stay.Miss Dorothy Neff has returned ito her home in Richmond after avisit to her grandmothei , Mrs. Sal-lie Neff, m this city.Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Redmon, ofLouisville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Wm. G. Redmon, and otherrelatives, in this county.Mips Margaret Azbill, 'of Richmond, is a guest of Paris friends,who are spending a few days camping on the banks of S toner Creek.Miss Lillian Talbott has asguests at her home near Paris,Misses Sara Betts, of Nicholasville.and Evalee Featherstone, of Georgetown.Mrs. Fannie Paton Hutson hasreturned to her home in Indianapolis, after a visit to her sister, Mrs.Ossian Edwards, and other relatives in this city.Joe B. Smith, prominent Bourbon livestock dealer, has gone ioNew York City, where he will inthe future be connected with theKerns Commission Company.Mrs. Louis T. Lilleston anddaughters, Elizabeth and DorothyLilleston, have ,1'e turned from a visitto the former's parents, Mr. anaMrs. J. T. McGrath, in Lebanon.Misses Alice Quisenberry, ofWinchester, Agnes Padgett, of Cynthiana, and Anne May Kenney, ofnear Paris, are guests at the homeof Miss Ruby Houston, in this city.Miss Tillie Jaynes, who recently sold her High street home inthis city, has gone to Lexington to.nake her home in the future withher nephews, Messrs. Warren.Mrs. J. C. Dedman and daughter, Miss Helen Dedman, have returned to their home in Cynthiana,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft and family, in this city."Mrs Earl Makel and son, Kyle. Iwho have been guests of Mr. andMrs. J. N. Teager, in this city, havereturned to their home in Chicago.Mr. Makel was formerly in theemploy of the Murray & ThomasMonumental Works, in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. M. Funkhave .is guests Mrs. Charles Funk,and children, Miss Ethel Funk andClmrles Funk, Jr., of Knoxville,Tenn. At the conclusion of theirvisit here they will leave for a visitto i datives in Mt. Sterling.Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice andbabe spent the week-end in Paris asguest of Mrs. Rice's father, Dr. J.T. Brown, and Mrs. Brown. Theyare en route to Little Rock, Ark.,to make their future home. Rev.Rice, who has been in charge ofthe Presbyetiian congregation atHarrodsburg, some time ago accepted a call to the pastorate of theLittle Rock church.A SURE TIPPut Your Money on One of CfipriSuits and YOU CANT LOSE;You'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Valuesat$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear.MljMllllii '; rSteh StMROMr CMmTWINBR"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE")UCLOTHINGAND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor:V-:5K:1ULVt YYs LFVI 2FUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor Equipment SBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYCumberland Phane 78Jnnel5-3m&iMiinmigigasignsiiiiJsg-ja,-j-?i"i?S8itwiPMm?wMMiss Adelaide Rose, of Philadelphia, guest of Miss HarrietRogers, was honor guest recently ata card party given by her hostess.Bridge "vas enjoyed by about fortyguests. Miss Mary Fitliian Hutchcraft was awarded the prize for thehighest score. Miss Virginia Wetherall won the consolation prize.The guest prize was awarded toMiss Rose. A salad course wasserved at the conclusion of thegames.A posfcard from Houston Rion,who with Mrs. Rion, is touring theWest, and visiting relatives, writtenfrom Salt Lake City, says: "We arehaving a fine- trip. This is a wonderful city full of wonderful things.The buildings are superb, and everything looks fine. Have visitednearly all the principal attractions, and am of the same opinionthis is a wonderful place. TheMorman Temple is a lemarkablyfine piece of architecture."(Other Personals on Page 5)oBLIND CHILD HEARD SNAKEA blind child of Mis. LeonardPeavler, whose husband runs a sawmill in the edge of the knobs, nearMitchellburg, in Mercer county,came to her mother several tlme3and said, "Mother, I hear a snakecrawling." Mrs. Peavlei reassuredher, but the child was persistent Inher warning. When Mrs. Peavlerwent to the kitchen to prepare supper and as slie stooped over a flourbin, a rattlesnake dropped from theloft across her .hips. She shook- itoff an,d1themen Tushedja and killedit. The reptile had eight rattlarsand,-.a button. Itf jrfence showedthat the .Wind child's harinV couldAttention, FarmersYOU have the FARM; we have ClffeGENUINE! ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, ivemup by all fence builders to be the best:fence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone M7Home Phone 2S7lffTtMtfg?fsgrg-;ii-jJi;jt-ff?ailggJHIHIIIIBIU.feUI-HJ U15M-IAnd Now we are Making Contracts ForFallPaintingOur Spring business was farin.excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleaeNOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!.II'M' !Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourv -housefrom the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Heme Phone 3ftmI"JBW" ,s Kp aiiis, KttrruaiY ,,?,the State, zdetect . what (others; miseed.." -.S'.4,fV .".J.- A.?.JM."js-,imtt . . j. - -i -'v u ' 1 iTK ' " .' . 9vFA61 Nn 'n"nHMHMHHHMiailMMMMMMHriMMiifiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKY'WAY, JULY 27; IfXXPLAHATIOIT OF CHILD LABORLAWThere seems to be a misunderstanding of the Kentucky Child Lalior Law and its provision relatingto the employment of children during 'vacation. -'The following extract from the State law explainsit:"If you have your own or anyother child between 14 and 16 yearsof age working for you at any timeof ihe year, in, or in connectionwith a factory, mill, workshop,mercantile establishment, theatre,motion picture or the transmissionof merchandise without a permitIrom the superintendent of schools,you are breaking the child laborlaw.' "If you have your own or anyother child working for you whoclaims to be past 16 years of agemud it is proved that such child isaiot 16, you have broken the childlabor law. The child's appearance,is not proof."oUP-TO-DATE FRAME BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONOn Wednesday, July 28, at twoo'clock, Harris, Speakes & Harris,agents, will sell the modern and at-tractive Breusaw bungalow, locatedat Sixteenth and High streets, atpublic auction. This home is up-to-the-minuteand an excellent buy.(20-3t)ConstipationTs the beginning of -many diseases. Jf the liver and bowels arekept in good condition, nature wj.lldo the rest; while if the waste matter is allowed to accumulate andclog the digesthe system and bowels, ill health is sure to follow.Keep yourself regular by using oneof the following laxatives:Nature's Remedy. 25c and 50c.Syrup of Figs, 60c.Podolax. 60 c.Syrup of Pepsin, 60c and $1.20.Olive Tablets. 10c and 25c.Burkhart's Pills, 25c.King's Life Pills, 25c.Miles' Liver Pills, 30c.Morse's Liver Pills, 25c.Doane's Regulates, 30c.Pierce's Pleasant Pellets, 25c.Red Circle Pills, 25c.Cascarets, 10 c and 25c.Carter's Liver Pills, 25c.Chamberlain's Liver Pills, 30c.RELIGIOUS.EDITORIAL ICINGS ATTHAT 1X TOTHER.THIST1-A revival meeting will beginat the Mt. Carmel church, in thiscounty, the third Sunday in .August. A revival meeting will begin atthe Little, Rock Christian churchon Sunday, August 1. The serviceswill be conducted by Rev. EveretteSmith, pastor of the Christianchurch at Hopkinsville.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of "theParis Christian church, is conducting a revival at the Providencechurch, in Jessamine county. Hispulpit at the Paris church was filled Sunday by Rev. C. E. Powell,pastor of the Privedence church.Dr. C. C. Fisher, president ofthe Millersburg College, filled 'thepulpit at the Flemingsburg Methodist church, Sunday morning, in theabsence of the pastor, Rev. W. K.McClure, who is assisting in a revival meeting being conducted atHerrington Chapel, in' this county.The Friendship Wesley BibleClass of the Palis Methodist church,will -hold their business and socialmeeting to-morrow, (Wednesday)afternoon, at three o'clock, at thehome of Mrs. Turner, on Cliftonavenue. All the members are requested to be present.oHOT AND COOL DAYSFriday and Satuiday set the markas the two hottest days of the present summei in this vicinity. Friday afternoon the temperatureranged between 90 and 96, and onSaturday the same ratio was held.The nights were sticky and uncomfortably warm. In 1914 the temperature for the sapne date was 96,and ;n 1901 it went to 101. Thethermometer in 1919 showed 93.The hot spell was succeeded Sunday by a cool wave, which continued through yesterday, making thesituation more to the relief ofsweltering humanity. Hail was repoited in some parts of the county,though not heavy enough to do anydamage.oAUTOS COLLIDE.An automobile driven by FrankTarks collided Sunday morningnear the corner of Eighth and Mainstreets, with a machine in whichCharles Monson and family wereriding. Both machines were slightly damaged, but no one was injured.The Monson machine was forcedagainst a telephone pole.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.A SURE THING THAT IS SUREProfits come to the men whotake advantage of sure opportunities. Buy Liberty Bonds now,while market prices are favorable.They are "backed by the nation'sstrength."25 PER CENTwmmWhy not start a bathing suitmovement for these waYm days instead of fostering the overall movement? A Paris business man says thatone who has ever danced theshimmy dance can get a prettygood imitation of it bjj, riding overthe holes in Main street, betweenSixth and Seventh.One-piece bathing suits have beenpassed by the censors. If theyywereto become the style here, the business of Paris opticians would beoverworked.When a Paris girl plays a ragtime so that it sounds like a funeralmarch it may be truthfully said thatshe is murdering the music.The girls of Paris, Ky., may beinterested in knowing that in Paris,France, they're making dresses outof paper. And right now paper isjust about short enough to make amodern skirt.The negro preachers in Washington have been asked to pray for Republican victoiy this fall. We do notbelievo the Lord will hear prayersof this kind.Cucumbeis at any time and at anyprice disagree with some people,and at seventy-five cerus each theywould give most any of us a pain.Those alluring curves of the feminine form are rapidly ceasing to beattractive. The masculine mind soon,loses interest in anything that becomes common.Both Governor Cox and SenatorHarding began their careers at"printers' devils." That shouldmean that the pi will be well distributed. vA friend of ours who says he hasseveral formulas that blow the topoff whatever that may mean, directsour attention to the fact that, in thepast year sugar has gone up about150 per cent, and raisins 75 percent. He insists he knows the re a-,son. Do you?"FIRE DESTROYS STOCK BARKAND CONTENTS.Started Saturday, July 17thfDiscount Sales ForTWO WEEKSThis Includes Everything, Such AsPi re Thursday night destroyedthe stock barn of the Lexington IceCompany on London avenue andtwenty-mules that were trapped init. Although the barn was quicklyconsumed, the hay was smouldering and had to be closely watched."W. G. Stuck, superintendent ofdistribution for the Lexington IceCompany, estimated the loss at between $17,000 and $20,000. Hostated he was of the opinion theloss was fully covered by insurance.Spontaneous combustion isthought to have caused the fire,which started in some new hay thathad been placed in the stable partof the barn. In addition to thebarn and the stock, sixteen sets ofharness, fifty bushels of oats, tentons of hay and a wagon weieburned.fATTEND THEOUR OF CUBUS FUGIn Mr. D.G. Taylor's Beautiful Woodland (opp. Fair Grounds)PARIS, KENTUCKYWEDNESDAY, AUG, 4. 19209:QO A. M. TO 6 P. M.EVERYBODY WELCOME30PiecesMYV'OS Mil30PiecesSsracJ Concert, Dancing, and numerous other fornts ofentertainment have been arranged, SpeciaS features forc5iiic3ren.Parties not provided with basket lunch can secure eatables and refreshments at the lunch stand on tfre grounds.mssion, including war tax .Children 12 years of age and under, Free50cLIGHTNING FIRES BARN-ANDITS CONTENTSA large barn, on the farm of FountWhittaker, neai Newby, Madisoncounty, was struck by lightningduring a stoim and burned to thegiound. A large quantity of grainand feed was stored in the building,which was destroyed. The loss i?estimated at ?1,500, wilh $300 insurance.Bt BKK1S.'im hi mm r i !&E&. d8 "Vrax fvwTss fill '&HI 'ssFEDUGws flityX ek4 mSi m wv&sfr m?.5PiON"- - " J-ir-rm -mnCoal Oil Stoves and Ovens;Ranges;Gas Stoves and Ranges;Kitchen Cabinets;Congoleum Rugs, 9x12;Axminster and TapestryRugs, 9x1 2;6x9 and 9x12 Crex Rugs;Straw Mattings;Buffets;China Closets;Dining Tables;Kitchen Tables;Dining Chairs;Parlor furniture;Bed Room and Hall furniture; Porch Swings;Porch Shades;Parlor Lamps;Pictures;Porch furniture;Mirrors;And numerous other things.Give Us a Call and Be Convinced That. This is aGENUINE BARGAIN SALEE. M. WHEELER' .Corner Eighth and Main StreetsPARIS, KENTUCKYFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanOVISITS HER OLB HOME INBOURBON.(Contributed.)Mrs. Carrie B. Bryant, herdaughter and granddaughter, Mrs.Willard Huffman and Miss HelenGould Huffman, Mis. B. N. Shropshire and great-granddaughter, lit-tie vjrgima tfeatord Shropshire, allof Scott county, motored to the oldhomestead where Mrs. Pryor watuum ana laisea. six miles fromParis on the Winchester road nowowned by Joseph Clay.Mrs. Pryor, who is enjoying excellent health for one at the advanced age of eightyeight, roamed about the old place, thinking ofthe well-rememhered forms andfaces who used to greet her withwords of -welcome, but who havelong since been sleeping the sleepthat knows no waking, in tho i'family graveyard just over the hillfrom the house, and many were therememDraair.es called to memory of aby-gone day, when little barefootyoungsters romped on the lawn andquenched their thirst at "the oldoaken bucket which hung in thewell."Mrs. Pryor is the daughter ofLittleberry Bedford, Sr., one ofBourbon county's most esteemedcitizens, who died forty years ago.She and her brother, "Webster C.Bedford, of Missouri, a. re the onlyremaining members of a large family. Mrs. Pryor, though she has"been absent from the old place fifty-eightyears, says pleasant memories of this visit will linger with,her as long as life shall last.oEMPLOYS PARIS TRAINERDan W. Scott, of Lexington, hasengaged the well-known negrotrainer, French Brooks, to train hishorses. Prior to the hiring Brooks,Mr. Scott had-hi& horses in severalluiuciciu ii a. j iters siaDies. BOOKSformerly trained for Woodford' and,I'ju. t uiay, jr.or Bourboncountyand Young Men$15.00 Suits cut to ". $12.0018.00 Suits cut to 14.4020.00 Suits cut to 1 6.0022.50 Suits cut to :. . . 1 8.0025.00 Suits cut to 20.0027.50 Suits cut to 22.0030.00 Suits cut to 24.0032.50 Suits cut to 26.0035.00 Suits cut to 28.0037.50 Suits cut to 30.0040.00 Suits cut to 32,00' 42 50 Suits cut to 34,0045.00 Suits cut to ' 36.0047.50 Suits cut to 38.0050.00 Suits cut to 40.0052.50 Suits cut to 42.0055.00 Suits cut to : 44.0057.50 Suits cut to 46.0060.00 Suits cut to 48. OO65.00 Suits cut to 52.0067.50 Suits cut to 54. OOS3Ik '1 !Greater Value-GivinbYc frcm theIn S'i.ing this sale we have met the. public's demand for lovver pn'cresponses we are getting since we started this sale we feel our efforts hco e I e n appreciated. This is an opportunity not to be overlooked, because at these price- vou .v- buyingunder the market. Every suit in this sale is made and backed up by re; -res-em j u've "concerns, being highly tailored in newest styles. The patterns and Colorings au i..v, including new club cheeks. Come in to-day and select your suit.Boys' SuitsTat 20 ReductionTake advantage of this chance to buy your boy's school suit at a big retlnctit n. Youwill be pleased with our showing and styles and patterns and the remarkable aur-s weare offering.This Sale Cash OnlyINo ApprovalsR. P. WALSH7th and MainVWW-I -LOne-Price StoresParis, Ky.?IS- 't-tti:i. i " i, . - . Tr,M"T- irv4,ttfsana w. J. xoung. -INiS.xAsH.??:&.J: --rTUESDAY, JULY27, 1920THEvBOURBOK NBWftttY.'HT"PAWS,,-L.. --.jKn-w- v j--rj !' - - ?"T- - rx t aim rtw4t:(2wfa&fa'k,FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFARM LOANS.6 PER CENT INTEREST.FIVE-YEAR TERM.Prudential Insurance Co. ofAmerica. See local representative, Hinton, Bradley & Bradley,Attorneys, Bourbon Agricultural Bank & Trust Co. Building.(20-3t)HALF-PRICE SALE.Boys' Palm Beach and Cool Clothsuits not every style m every size,hut some styles in every size.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oBLACKBERRIES. BLACKBERRIESIf you want blackberries phoneus your order and we will do the' (It) C. P. COOK & CO.oLOSES FINGER.While working with a corn mill.at his home -near Mt. Carmel, JohnHayes -had his hand caught in themachine, one finger of his lefthand being cut off. Medical aidwas summoned and the injuries sen attention.oTALE 0E SEVERAL CITIESriv-SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings, of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSJohn Paris, of Millersburg, enroute to ZM t. Sterling, collided inCarlisle with a buggy driven byCecil Hamilton, of Sharpsburg.Buggy demolished; Hamilton bruised; Paris scored considerably; tripabandoned. Winchester, Lexingtonand Cynthiana are still to be heardfrom. --LIVESTOCK TRANSACTIONSCaywoood & McClintock, ofParis, shipped from the local stockyards to the New York market lastweek seven hundred lambs, forwhich they paid farmers from 12to thirteen cents a pound. Thelivestock market recently showed aslight decline on cattle, and a slightincrease in price for hogs.: oHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop offtobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)oDESIRABLE MODERN COTTAGEAT AUCTION, WEDNESDAY,JULY 28.We will sell one of the most up-to-dateand desirable modern bungalows in Paris, when" we offer theelegaiit Bruesaw home at the corner of Sixteenth and High streets,on Wednesday, July 28, at 2 o'clock.This bungalow was built by Mr.John A:kle and everything is firstclass.HARRIS, SPBAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.EX-SLAVE DEAD.Hastings Johnson, colored, agedseventy, a relic of slavery days, diedrecently at his home near Centerviile, this county. Johnson was forpnerly owned by the late SquireWkl B. Whaley, of near Clintonville. After being given his freedom ne secured employment 0-n thefarm of James B. Liter, near Clintonville, where he remained untilthe innimities of age compelled hisretirement from active life.Boone Cbanslor hns ? n(Dawson Springs for a ten-da vs sojourn.Miss Christine Thomaso-n is agist of Miss Princia Gaines, inGeorgetown.Miss Anna Deane Curtis is aguest of Mrs. W. P. Millard, on theSuimmit, in Richmond.Mrs. Charles Douglas, of Richmond, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.J. J. Haggard, in this city.'Mr. and. Mrs. James DuncanBell left Sunday for a pleasure andbusiness trip to New York City.Mr. and Mrs. Lou Taylor areat West Baden Springs, West Baden, Indiana, for a ten-days' stay.Misses Helen Kunkle Clevelandand Margaret Shropshire, of Cy-n-thiana,are guests of Mrs. MaryMcShane.Mrs. Flora Bloom, of Ft.Way-ne, Indiana, is a guest of herbrother, Lee Price, and Mrs. Price,on Scott avenue.Mrs. Charles Clarke has returned to her home in Cedar Grove, Indiana, after a visit to her sister,Mrs. Thos. Keller.Mrs. W. V. Shaw, of Paris, andher sister, Mrs. Frank W. Finn, ofCovington, are sojourning at Petsokey, Michigan.Miss Lucile Chipley has asguests Misses Elizabeth Caywood, ofFrankfort, and Louise Kirkpatrick, of Lexington. 'Mr. Swift Champ, editor ofTHE NEWS, is at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Indiana, for asojourn of several days.Col. E. F. Clay, who has beenvery ill at his home on the Cynthiana road, was reported, yesterday asbeing slightly improved.Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Valentine,of Now York, are guests of the latter's sister, Mrs. George W. Judy,'and Mr. Judy, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell Jackson,of Paris, and Mr. and .Mrs. ThosOrr, of Covington, are camping ttBoonesboro, on the Kentucky RiverIsaac L. Price has returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mrs.C. A. Teller, and Mr. Teller, inChicago. Mrs. Price remained for alonger visit.Rev. and Mrs. Ward Russellgave an informal reception at theirhome in Little Rock, in complimentto their guest, Mrs. Hancock, ofPembroke, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Dudley,Miss Belle Mitchell Dudley andMisses Katherine and Winda Dudley, of Flemingsburg, coimposed amotor party visiting Paris recently.The young people of the LittleRock Christian church will give aplaylet, "Blundering Billy," in thechurch building Friday night. Theproceeds will be used for churchpurposes.Roy F. Clendenin, of Paris, Associate General Agent for theNorthwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., is in Milwaukee, attendingthe convention of more than 6,000Northwestern agents, who are holding a business meeting -there, convening last night.Georgetown News: : "Miss Virginia Poe has returned to her homein Paris from a visit to Miss MaryClark Walker, in this city.... A. L.Ferguson, Charles Ferguson. HenryHerndon, Buford Hall, J. C. Ward,Carrick Ware, and T. Porter Smith,all of Georgetown, attended theshoot given by the Bourbon GunClub, at Paris, Friday afternoon."T. Foster Rogers, real estateagent, of Mt. Sterling, sold for J.W. Vanarsdall, his cottage locatedon Harrison avenue, in Mt. Sterlingto Dr. J. E. Goodwin, of NorthMiddletown, for $2,000. Dr. GooGwiu and family will move to Mt.Sterling in the fall and occupy thehome.PICTURE PROGRAM ATAND ALAMO.GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, July 27 BuckJones, new screen sensation, in"Forbidden Trails;" William Duncan and Edith Johnson, in "The Silent Avenger;" Prizma Color Picture. To-morrow, Wednesday, July 28Ethel Clayton, in "The Thirteenth Commandjment;"' "The LostCity," serial; Topics of the Day.Thursday, July 29. J. WarrenKerrington, -in "Live Sparks;" Sunshine Comedy, "The Jazz Bandits;"Yod-a-Vil Movies. . - - " 'Added attraction all next week -Delantfo,Hindoo " Seer and CrystalGazer. Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoon and evening,r oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.arr2-tf)oSTREET IMPROVEMENTSHis seventy-fourth birthday was(made the occasion for a surprise toJas. W. Earlywine, of Paris, by Mrs.James T. Kiser-, of Shawhan, whena bountiful anniversary dinner wasserved at the Kiser home to a largenumber of guests. Mr. Earlywinewas presented with large birthdaycakes and other tokens by hisdaughters, Mrs. I. O. Barnett andMrs. Frank Farmer.The Millersburg Dancing Clubannounces another of their justlypapular ,dances to be held in theOpera House in that city, on theevening of Wednesday, August 4.Music for the dancers will be furnished bv Smith's Sextette. Thei hours will be from 9:00 to 3:00.The committee in charge of thedance will be composed of ReeseIngels and Louis V;mont.At the home 'of Mr. Ed. Case,jiear 'North Middletown, an enjoyable family reunion was held Sunday, "the evejit being made memorable by the presence of a large number of relatives. A substantial dinner was seived, and a group photograph was afterward made by photographer Doty. The guests, besidesthe host were: Mr and Mrs. G.Collins, of Missouri; Mr. and Mrs.Jesse Case, Mr. and-Mrs. Price, Mr.and Mrs. John King, Matt Insko,Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Insko, Mr. andGrs. George Insko, Jr., Mr. andI Mrs. Clay Insko.A social note from OlympianSprings to THE NEWS says: "Thedance on ihe evening of the nineteenth was the grandest successever. The beautiful ballroom -wasopnrotpd with Dine and ferns.Concrete pavements are in process of construction in front of theresidences of A. B. Hancock andMrs. Kate Mann, on Pleasant street.The resurfacing work on Fifthstreet, between High and Mainstreets, has been- completed, and aheavy coating of tarvia has been applied. This will insure a dust proofstreet in that vicinity.The rebuilding of Pleasant street,"with concrete, from Seventh toSecond, which has been under wayfor several weeks, has been completed. The streeet from Duncan,avenue to Fourth, has been openedfor traffic. The completion of this"work gives a fine thoroughfarefrom Twelfth to Second, guaranteedto "withstand the Tieaviest traffic.The work of reconstructing Highstreet remains, to,,be carried. ,out 'in,the scheme 'of improvement.Fully one hundred couples participated in the festivities, even uuuithe breaking of day. Spiith's Orchestra furnished the music. Youngpeople from Paris, Lexington, Cincinnati, Richmond, Louisville, Mt.Sterling, and many other pointswere present. It was pronouncednear perfect from every standpoint.An elegant midnight luncn wasserved. The spacious dining roomwas twice filled."(Other Personals on Page 3)KNIGHTS DONATE POE ARMYCAMP WORKAuctioneer M. F. Kerney sold atfhe court house door in his citySaturday morning for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton, four piecesof Paris property, known as theMrs. EdTurner property, as follows: House on Walker avenue, toB. Friedman, for $8,000; house onWest street, to Newton Weathers,for $760; house on West street toMiss Annie English, for $602.50;house on West street, to R. B.JHutchcraft, for $600.. oTHE WIEDEMANN .HOME ATAUCTION, TUESDAY. JULYJULY 27, AT 2 O'CLOCKThe attractive residence of Mr.Stanhope Wiedemann, on CypressStreet, and 8 acres of land will besold at auction on Tuesday afternoon, July 27. Sale starts at 10:00a. m. and residence will be sold at11 o'clock. Also at the same time amanure spreader, grain drill, farmwagon, buggy, spring wagon, kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery,white enamel Sanitary FavoriteRange Stove, etc., will be sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.oBUSINESS LOOKING UP -That the volume of business ,in thecity and county continues good wasevidenced by the fact that up tolast Thursday the bank clearings reported from three Paris banks aggregated the sum of $981,771.42.The rp.pid shipments of livestock isputting large sums of money in thebanks. Larger sums are being paidout by farmers for labor employed:,n the farms, and in the ctiy theemployes on street ijmprovementsand other industries help to swellthe weekly payrolls.The Liggett-Myers Co., operatinga big redrying plant in this city,will double its capacity by installing additional machinery, which isnow being assembled. The company will also erect a new storagewarehouse with a capacity of fivethousand hoghseads. A new redrying machine is to be installed bythe G. O. Tuck Company. Merchants are somewhat handicappedby iheir inability to get shipmentsof goods. With the large amount ofmonev being put in circulation inthe different industries and byffarmers in payment of wages, thebusiness of Paris looks promising.Collections are reported as beingmuch better than for some timepast.. oKNIGHTS OE COLUMBUS PICNIC.Jn another part of this, issue ofTHE NEWS will be found a largedisplay advertisement telling of themany features to be presented tothe public at a picnic to be heldnear Paris, by the members of P. I.McCarthy Council, Knights of Columbus, of Paris, on Wednesday,August 4.The picnic will be one of the oldfashioned . kind, where everybodywill find entertainment and amusement to their heart's content. Itwill be given in the woodland of D.G. Taylor, on the Paris and Lexington pike, opposite the former siteof the Paris Fair. One of the principal features of the day will be themusic, which be furnished by thefamous Maysville Boys' Band ofthirty .pieces. This organizationwas heard here in concert at theGrand Opera House some monthsago in one of the Red Cross drives,and needs no introduction . to ourmusic-lovers.The prograjm will consist of theband concerts, dancing, foot races,sack races, egg and spoon races,potato races, pie-eating contestsand many other vforms of entertainment. Children twelve years andunder will be admitted free. Theproceeds will be used for chairi table purposes.rBLACKBERRIES ON MARKETThe juicy and tempting blackberry is coming on the Paris market, with $1.50 per bucket asked bythe retailers, an advance of about400 per cent, over the old-time pricewhen they were plentiful at twentyfive cents per bucket. Sugar hasadvanced in about the same proportion so that blackberry jam, if ther&be such a thing this year, will comeout of sight. Many housewives arewaiting for the berries to becomemore plentiful, and the prices todrop somewhat, hoping to be ableto can goodly quantities of thefruit, and, in spite of the high costDOWN THEY GOLOWER THAN EVERAt Simon's Going Outof Business SaleRead these prices. Come and investigate for yourself. We still havethousands of dollars worth of of goods that must be closed out right awayGinghams, Percales, Madras, White Goods, Voiles, Curtain Goods, Motor Cloths,Silks, Crepe de Chenes, Georgettes, Towels, Toweling, Underwear, Corsets, Hosiery, Gloves, Waists, Skirts, Blouses, Dresses, Coats, Suits, Hats, etc. Come andsave money,50c Dress Ginghams at 29c "Motor Cloths worth $1.00 at 69c$1.25 Motor Cloth for .. 89c ' i$3.50 Georgettes, closing out sale $1.98Crepe de Chenes, $3.50 value at $198One lot of Dress Goods, $1.50 to $2.25 value, to close at. . 79c, . One lot of 30c Towels at 21c'i White Goods at 39c-59-73c-97cA saving of from 15c to 50c on the yard.Hosiery is reduced greatly.Millinery and Ready-to-Wear Goods have been reduced awaybelow cost to close them out.We have a beautiful line of Dresses at.$19.75A line of Dresses at $29.50 and $39.50That can't be duplicated for double the price.HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYllfflpfliJflltfflUMUWe Are Making-W1ft'ReductionsvI,Vw-Kof sugar, to put aside a few jars ofjjelly. In the mountain counties tneberries are plentiful and finding aready sale at thirty-five to fifty cantsa gallon.A PLAN THAT WILL WORK1Ask your employer or banker tosell you Liberty Bonds on installments, and take advantage of theapportunity presented by presentmarket prices. Or save up untilyou have enough to buy a $50 bond.War Savings Stamps will help yousave.PorchFurnitureV fcSee Our Windows'ft-"The Knights of Columbus havedonated -$437,380 to the, War Department to aid in financing the department's educational and recreational, work-in, camps.- .William J.McGinleyr secretary of tiie supremeorganization, has announced.xFeathers For Sale.. .' - . vv-f?-' A large mattress or reatnersr iorI sale, vIn first-class order.v Apply atthis office. i - - r 'THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3C PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAMMotor Harse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakta;s-Vy:ivs.f rCc-.5n , .n ."-"Tl'&"" - - ,, . .. " . -. -. TB1, : BpPjgjcylJjj y '--. ...:.' ; Tipagux naff gJU3 -VTOOUTEDeath only a matter of short time..Don't "wait until pains and achesbecome incurable diseases. Avoidpainful consequences by takingI -.1?ii'rIl-l.'-t1?iir . C a. r - ? j'O i. -I Ih 'III l IHllll ll I " " ''' "" " I BMMHfctVttlT BLtfflMI tit-MOVEDtN FEW DAYSj'ADVOCATES GASOLINE TAX FORSTREET REPAIRSSITh world's standard remedy for kidney,livr, bladder and uric acid troubles theNational Remedy of Holland since 1696.Guaranteed. Three sizes, all druggists.laak for (lie name Gold Medal on ery boxand accept so imitatioaCOAL SUPPLY WILL LAST 6,500YEARS.There -will be enough, coal in tieUnited States to supply the demandfor at least 6,500 years, even if thepresent rate of consumption isdoubled, in the opinion of State andGovernment inspectors attendingthe eleventh annual convention ofthe Mine Inspectors' Institute ofAmerica, at Cleveland, O."The haid coal will give out, asthere is not 150 years' supply inEight," J. W. Paul, chief coal mining engineer of the United StatesBureau of Mines, said, "but the -softcoal is almost inexhaustible."Mrs. Clare Sheriden, one of themost noted of England's womensculptors, has completed a bust ofHerbert Asquith, which she will puton exhibition.CW)Southern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESBryptoks Artificial EyesIawiribU Bifocal LwtCaraar 4tk aad Cfcwtaa Sta.LOUS VHXE. KY.A suggestion, that the city shouldimpose a tax of one cent a gallonon gasoline, in order to raise a fundfor repairing Main street, and freeing it from the chug-holes that nowmar it, has been made to THENEWS by a former Paris man nowresiding in California. He has beenreading THE NEWS' comments onthe situation here, and states thatsuch a tax has been imposed in SanDiego and other California cities,and is proving very satisfactory.The motorists have all taken verykindly to it, and the owners of thebig trucks, whose machines help towear the surface of the streets, havebeen willing to bear their share ofthe burden.Our California friend says: "Judging from what I have been readingin THE NEWS the streets of Paris,or at least Main street, of blessedmemory to me, must be in a statecomparable only to some of the olddirt roads over which I used totravel in Bourbon county. I canwell remember back in the old days,when that street was a series ofruts and ioles, the city would getbusy just before the convening ofthe grand jury, and mass the cityforces, among whom I recall my oldfriends, John Brannon, Mike Murray, Jeff McClain, and others, andmacadamize Main street. Then itwould be allowed to drop back to itsformer state until the next grandjury was about due. Then thes-ame proceeding would take place.But it seems to me that in thesemodern days there would be enoughcivic pride in Paris to keep themain thoroughfare in a presentablecondition .... I see in a recent issueof THE NEWS that a CommercialClub has been -organized in Paris.Well, there should be enough Strangand active business men in that organization to force the city to repairthe streets."NO FREE LIST.A traveling entertainer, says theArgonaut, was very proud ofpossessing a genuine Stradivariusviolin, and so informed the editorof the local paper of the town inwhich he gave one of his concerts.But the report of the concert thenext morning did not mention IheStradivarius violin, and the entertainer hastened to tell the editor ofhis disappointment."If old Stradivarius expects anyadvertising in the columns of thispaper," the editor replied," "he willpay ten cents a line for it."oDetroit, Mich., is reputed to bethe fastest traffic city in the UnitedStates and an elysium of recklessdriving.fibMNMtoaJililLfntone pTsVctSuppose You Had to RebuildEvery 14 Years?If you knew that most everything in yourhouse had to be rebuilt every 14 years youwould if you were wise lay aside one-fourteenthof the cost every year, to be used in replacing the stairs, windows and other partswhen they wore out.If you were renting that house tc someone!se, you would have to cLnre enough rent toprovide that one-fourteenth a year, besidestaxes, insurance, current or temporary repairsand interest.That is exactly what the telephone companymust do if it is to stay in business permanentlycharge enough for its service to provide eachyear's quota of this rebuilding money, besidesall other expenses.That constant wearing out is "depreciation",and the annual quota to meet it is the "depreciation reserve" and it is just as necessaryas the wages for the company's employees!"At Your Service."Paris Home Telephone and Teleer anh Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Vealch, Dist. Mgr. w. H. Cannon. Local Mgr.AoNCo'lSTANCnuBy a New Method, and Thin, PalePople Increase Weight QuicklyBy Simply Using a Few 5-GrainArgo-Phosphate Tablets TheyAct Like Magic.1?WMWZWKWXttUXW9WWWWBZ1WZZ5WWZZKZZSSZm3KVtkmWWWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill. of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home Phonograph .Even in many stubborn cases thathave baffled physicians and beautyspecialists for years. You have neverin your life heard of anything likeit. They make muddy complexions,pimples, eruptions, red spots, blackheads vanish quickly. Your complexion can be clear and you canhave a beautiful rounded figure.Your face, hands, arms and shoulders can be made beautiful beyondyour fondest dreams in a few daysby this wonderful new discoverywhich phosphatizes the system.Its effect many claim is marvelous;this treatment is absolutely harmless to the most delicate person andpleasant to use.SPECIAL NOTICE Ladies wishing to increase best developmentshould secure one or two ounces ofRosetone from their druggist andapply once or twice daily. This is amost effective remedy and perfeectlyharmless when used in connectionwith argo-phosphate. It will roundout your form and increase yourweight like magic; unless you desire to increase your weight do notuse argo-phosphateDispensedDrug Co.by Brooks & Snapp(adv)YOU KNOW THIS FELLOW!I'm the guy who celebrates asweltering summer day by tellingeverybody I meet, show 'em mywilted collar, mop my face with myhandkerchief, tell 'em what thethermometer at the corner drugstore registers, and explain hownear I've come to sunstroke.Of course, when I meet someonewho has managed to keep cool bykeeping his mind from the heat, fdon't expect sympathy. Theysimply get my goat and I don't wantto leave 'em until I've got 'em going. I've got the temperature recordsof every .hot day for the past fiftyyears, and I spring as many as I canremember, and then say "but today's the worst I ever experienced."Then I I ell 'em, too, how warm theylook and then if ihey argue, theyget all heated up anyway.oWHERE PROFITEERING EXISTS.In the indignation felt by the people against profiteering, they shouldremember one thing, which is thatexorbitant prices are most commonly charged on luxuries. Whenyou hear of a shoe merchant charging 100 per cent more than he paidfor an article, it is probably o-n somearticle made to appeal to people ofwealth. The feeling exists thatthose people can afford to pay high,that they demand an excessive degree of perfection, and are perfectlywilling to pay almost any price toget it.There is some fallacy in thatpoint of view. Yet the people whopay fancy prices are not entitled toany great amount of sympathy.They can dodge unreasonable pricesby buying the oidinary iun of goodsat advertised stores.oKENTUCKIAN OLDEST EMPLOYEOF U. S. GOVERNMENTCaptain Stephen S. Cole, 94, ofCamp Nelson, Ky., who won theprize at the American Legion celebration, in Lexington, for being theoldest veteran present, is a veteranof three wars the Indian, Mexicanand Civil War, and is said to be theoldest employe of the United StatesGovernment. He is more than sixfeet tall, straight as an Indian andweighs 175 pounds. He walkswithout a cane and is able to readthe newspapers without the aid ofglasses. Shooting is his favoritesport and he is a crack shot. Capt.Cole is the custodian of the National Cemetery at Camp Nelson, Jessamine county. He is proud of thefact that he was once a neighbor ofGen. Zachary Taylor, served withthe cavalry of Gen. John C. Fremontin California and was the personalfriend of Abraham Lincoln. Forgallantry at Vicksburg ne was offered a promotion, but refused it to remain with his command.o." ...T. W. SPICERI MAIN STREETASPIRINName "Bayer" on Genuine"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin- is genuine Asnirin nrovpd RnfA k-o- millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlya,n unbroken "B&ver nanVaoo"which contains nroncr riirenHnna trelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache. Neuraleria. "Rhenmatiam nniriaand Pain. Handy tin boxes' of 12uauiem cosi iew cents. , Druggistsalso sell larsrer "Ba.ver naVirs"Aspirin is trade mark. Bayer Manu-QUIT TOBACCOSo easy to drop Cigarette,Cigar, or Chewing habit. ...---'yo-To-Bac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering to-,bacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, just .placea harmless No-To-Bac tablet in yourmouth instead. AH desire stops. Shortlythe habit is completely broken, and youare better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Get abox of No-To-Bac and K it doesn't release you from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question. No-To-Bacis made by the owners of Cascarets;therefore is thoroughly reliable.oGasoline is known as "Nafta" inthe Argentine and is sold by thelitre instead of the gallon.oThe State of Kansas is constructing more than nine million dollars'worth of hard surface roads.HEALING THE SICKNature Tht Onlj Way 0Millions today know how to preservetheir health and live to a ripe old ag.They use nature's only wayBulgarian Blood TeaIT PURIFIES THE BLOODIT GENTLY MOVES THE BOWELSIT SWEETENS THE STOMACHIT STARTS LIVER ACTIONIT FLUSHES THE KIDNEYSEvery thoughtful parent will keep abox of this Pure Herb Tea on hand asa first aid remedy to kill colds andward off I'Flu," Grippe; Pneumoniaand serious sickness.Sold Ewrwhirt by DrusglataOPPORTUNITYIn the past year there hasbeen one hundred and twentyone RE0 TRUCKS sold inFayette County.Bourbon County has an equalopportunity for next year.We are looking for a liverepresentative.Write or call us.KITTRELL & CALLAWAYREO DISTRIBUTORSLEXINGTON, KY.V16-4tINTERTTRBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexineton For Paris ForParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50LexingtonA. M. 6:45P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M. 11:00A. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.1:202:504:206:007:209:10KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYBourbon LaundryI DAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetKiSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none; and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyJWRHfltir2srrv j t . rkwwmJFyBIBra-VBuick Valve-In-Head SuccessThe Buick Valve-In-Head motorcar's sales record eachseason is a good example of the confidence atod prestagethat the world's buyers have placed in Buick qualityand manufacture.The famous Buick policies and principles of twenty yearsago still remain intact in Buick construction. They havestood the test pf years of constant operation. Naturallythe quality, endurance and economy which has been soessential to over five hundred thousand Buick ownersin the past is now eagerly sought for by thousands offuture motor car purchasers.Today the Buick Valve-In-Head built by the pioneerbuilders of Valve-In-Head motor cars stand pre-eminentlybefore the entire motor car field as 'first choice"among motor car buyers.i." i- -".When better automobile are built, Buick will build themIIIII1AIIIiBallOff.tCOURT HOUSECli iir ,xa.ci.ure .muuuciceucaciaeeier of sal-" fxvj'Aiuauiu. j''UdTrtf- ., 1Cor. rourtii and rfaaannl ioit--5 1 , V1, &&" x - p - '- S" -1 'fX-t t'tfjS, . 1-iV" '.' " TSV-- "tT" ""'Wi . j -t 43.. i.&, V' -A 5 J, T& -jf$ J,, "$r- o , Jr - n y-v 'J- . - fS-i 'J-'iKfv. '-v. -...stiSfV -i'"' ,K"i y u- ,J ul -v '-? vj-v ;vr j urn iiif"i.u. BMP J, 54iB8HWWHMMWWMi.liy4 I; r - . -TUESDAY, JULY ,27. 1120"t,v.5 irwg?UDY IN RACE HOUSESLest week Sandy Owens, a Bourlinn "county colored man, was marriA for the seventh time. Owens,rL is now only sixty years old, isJhe father of twenty-seven children,twenty-one of whom are living,ntrens is himself one of a family ofthirty-three children. One of his3ster is the mother of twenty-twochildrenBBIGHTEICVENiNr-Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering; Gas.Eut the eirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a .buttonAnd has Electric Light.GOV. COX ERIENDLY TO WOMAN SUFFRAGE.Comparison of the records, of Governor Cox, Democratic Presidentialcandidate, and Senator Harding,Republican nominee, bn the matterof woman suffrage, is made by theNational Woman's party in a statement issued recently.According to the suffragists, Mr.Harding's record was "varied, evasive and noncommittal," until theautumn of 1919, when he voted forthe Federal amendment. His suffrage record since that time indicates that he has been lukewarm onthe subject. Complaint is made bysuffrage leaders that the Republicannominee has refused to take a "decisive stand" on the question sincehis nomination.On the other hand, Mr. Cox, is declared to have "shown a favorableattitude from the first." Suffragistssay that the Governor has beenwilling to meet their suggestionsand that lie has shown "marked interest" in the Federal amendment.Duplications "have always been assured of his support" when the resolution should come up in the OhioLegislature, the women assert.The comparison of the recordswas compiled by the Legislative Department of the National Woman'sparty.CTaf.BQjPRBpfr 'jmtrJmi jsmmnaM.V1X1?" iT v-Z -THE TJNJAZZED WORLDParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)XMrs. Ellis' Cashx firnpprvx upposiie uourt HouseParis, Ky. ,xIIIIced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesWho says the world is not gettingj better? A dealer in music andmusical instruments predicts thedownfall of the jazz, and says 'thatthe slide trombone and other longwinded instruments which have tortured the public ear for the last fewyears are giving way before demands for the guitar and mandolinand the type of song which can bssung by them.It seems too good to be true, butwho should know if not the dealer?Of course, when he goes on to predict a revival of the harp, it getsmore difficult to believe thatwould be too heavenly. But if theguitar can supersede the trombone,and the Suannee River crowd outDardanella, why the price of sugarcan come down and rents go back toj normal. If Jazz of one kind is out,surely the others are on the way.Heaven speed the un jazzed world!oNew Zealand Favors Women.New Zealand was the first countryIn the world to acknowledge the political equality of the sexes by givingwomen full suffrage in 1S93.oCotton In Day of Herodotus.The earliest mention of cotton wasby Herodotus, who spoke of it as treewool, the name it still bears In German and other continental languages.IIIIBoth PhonesFree Delivery48,000Drugstores Sell It.1 Al Jl llinlK1Five million peopleuse it to KILL COLDSHILL'SCASCARAfQUININEOMlfSStandard cold remedy for 20 yearsm tamer torm sale, sure, noopiates breaks up a cold in 24hours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back it it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redtop with Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drug Star maUP' " "1 b.r :m m i : i- ; : i i : - a ; iaraim I :" ' i .' Ilk mSVzlThe Telephone,A tfvjwMtM. D.Anm')YS igouifim .m u n uHow many times a day are Brown andSmith and, Jones of your office called awayfrom their desks to answer the telephone or tomake a urgent call?Loss of time and efficiency results fromthese interruptions. tYou can provide theremedy.Extension telephones on the "desks ofthose who have occasion to use the telephonewill work wondrous savings for you.The cost is only a few cents a week.Call the Manager's office today.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedSWITCHMAN GIVESFACTSTO PUBLICWas Going Down Hill So East HeBecame Alarmed Lost FortyPounds In Six WeeksThe best proof I can give thatTanlac was the right medicine forme is the way it has relieved mysuffering- and is building- me up,"said James H, Johnson, for tenyears a switchman for the K. & I.Railroad, living at 1725 Crap street,Louisville, Ky., a few days ago."Yes, sir, I was in an awful fixwith my stomach all out of orderand my kidneys worrying me dayand night. I had to be carefulabout what I ate and often I wasso nauseated I couldn't retain athing on my stomach. I wouldbloat all up with sour gas and I hadthe worst sort of gnawing pains inmy stomach. My kidneys botheredme continually and what little sleepI did manage to ,get was so restlessI hardly knew I had ever been tobed at all. I actually fell off fortypounds in six weeks time and wasgoing down hill so fast it alarmedme. I tried everything anybody toldme, but I got worse instead of better, and I was about ready to giveup in despair."But one day I saw where a railroad man who was suffering like 1was had tried Tanlac and was wellpleased with it, so I began taking itand it gave me the finest kind ofappetite. Then the indigestion leftme and I started picking up inweight. And now in little morethan a month's time I have alreadygained back fifteen pounds of mylost weight and I am still gamingright along. My kidneys don'tbother me any more and I can sleeplike a top all night long. I amfeeling fine and the way Tanlac hasbuilt me up is nothing short or remarkable." Tanlac is sold in Paris at the Pecpie's Pharmacy.oSCH00I TO BE HELD FOR ATTENDANCE OFFICERS.There will be held at the University of Kentucky for a period of twoweeks beginning August 2, 1920, aschool for attendance officers. Thesoofficers are provided in each countyby recent act of the Legislature forthe purpose of enforcing the compulsory attendance law. State Superintendent George Colvin is arranging for all county superintendents and attendance officers in eachcounty to attend. The AmericanRed Cross is co-operating in thework and the school is under thejoint auspices of the otate Superintendent of Schools, the AmericanRed Cross and the University ofKentucky.There will be lectures presentedtwice a day during the entire twoweeks. The list of speakers has notbeen fully made out, but a suggested list has been prepared.The authoiities in charge of theschool believe that a new day hasarrived for compulsory education inKentucky. Uniformity in the enforcement of the law will be stressed. Kentucky has a compulsoryattendance law with the teeth in itif it is correctly interpreted andrightly enforced. The reasonstherefore for bringing county superintendents and attendance officerstogether are very evident.oARSENATE OF LEAD WILL KILLTOBACCO WORMArsenate of lead is a deadly poison, for the tobacco worm, whichhas already made its appearancethis year, and should be treated immediately. Unlike Paris Green thelead is safe and effective and notdisagreeable to handle.Arsenate of lead controls the worksatisfactory and is preferred toParis Green, which has in the pastbeen the favorite insecticide. Thelead sticks to the tobacco leaflonger and raiely causes any burning of the plant even when used toexcess and causes very little irritation to the skin of the one whois brushing it on the plant. It issafe and effective in rainy weather.It should be applied at a rate of3y2 pounds an acre in powderedform and should be put on with adust gun that is large enough tomake air force so strong that thelead will stick to the leaf. A dustgun with a small fan wastes theinsecticide. The plants should bedusted when there is not a breezeand when the dew is on the plant.A good hand can dust ten acres oftobacco plants a day.Her Nice Neighborhood.Bernlce, aged six years, had juststarted to school and was in the firstgrade. She also was very proud because of her progress. I recently visited her home and asked her mother ifI could take her for a stroll in thepark. While walking along a little boyabout her size passed us, at the sametime giving Berriice a friendly smile,who returned It, saying to me: "AuntJane, don't you think he's a nice neighborhood ?" Exchange.Mark Twain's Dire Threats.When Mark Twain wrote "Huckleberry Finn" he penned this Introduction: "Persons attempting to find amotive In this narrative will be prosecuted ; persons attempting to find . amoral in it will be banished; personsI attempting to-finda plot in it will benmmjUTiojf nm butesX t ' ' - "Never before in the history ofbusiness was advertising so informative as now. Originally advertisements were routine kind of notices,in winch the seller of merchandisereminded the public of his existence, and handed out vague promises about his goods.Then for a time there was a tendency to write advertisements thattried to be funny and smart, and attract attention by their cleaverness,without giving much informationabout goods.The modern ad writer has comedown to brass tacks. He tries to tellpeople in a straightforward waywhat he has to sell. He describeshis line of goods, his styles, andparticularly his prices. As a resultthe buyer can get a very -intelligentidea of the state of the market, before he enters any store or looks atF.ny goods.This is the way any skilled buyergoes to work. The purchasing agentof a business concern would not attempt to make any contracts untilhe had looked over his trade papersand found out what were the tendencies in the market, what styleswere favored, and what prices werebeing offered. Armed with a careful study of market conditions, he isready to do business, and can makebetter trades than the man whotook no pains to inform himself.The newspaper advertising offersto the household and personal buyerthe same service that the trade paper and the market report provideto the corporation purchasing agent.After a study of newspaper advertising, the buyer for the home gainsa better idea what should be paidfor any article.The careful student of home storeadvertising should be able to buy 10to 20 per cent, cheaper than theperson who pays no attention to thestore news.i i t i . jt j9,,x "- -'. , , - . . - :-zmi J- r m mm w , am . rs ',.PMHanaHHMHMaiHHHnMaMMMilaiMHiMMiiiM v "jm-- - - - J ! .H..l . - TT V -. J--TT -WMimMmMW "&$F ft . immk'' ,- t te $ "sftJ. vv Pfc i'v . fs "iaTV TkW -vM, -En-Ar-Co National Motor Oil Ws JFriction kills power, eats gas, wears f W? &parts and annihilates tires. Stop ft ! II I j 'fti '1SII Use En-ar-co National Motor Oil. C JPl'Just received a car load in steel ify:v 'drums-- fs -V-sl: G. R. BURBERRY :'''-I l?l,one277-J Ctnttrvillt, Ky. yl ' i'feum m- U-' t fj H w ?'H &. - immmmrmmmmTmn til IT IT ill I ! ! Bf I KAbiMTTi II f I?" I " ''W-l tS tSt -MOTHER!Califbrnia Syrup' of Figs'Child's Best Laxativev ji f 1''1 IffAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oTHE LEADEE ASKS INJUNCTIONAGAINST TAX COLLECTIONThe Lexington Leader company ina suit filed in Circuit Court, at Lexington, asks that the city of Lexington be prevented from collectingtaxes on the machinery, products ofmaterials, on the grounds that it isa manufacturing company. The suitasks that a permanent injunctionbe issued by the court against thecity to prevent such taxes from being collected.The Leader in its suit declaresthat the issuing of a newspaper is amanufacturing business and detailsthe processes necessary to issue adaily paper. The petition declaresthat the city, over protest, has attempted tc levy taxes on the company and assess the machinery andmaterials, and has listed them fortaxation at $21,300 for 1917, ?21,500 for 1918 and the same figure tor1919. The company declares that itrendered a full account of its othertaxable property and asks that thecity be restrained 'from proceedingfurther along the present lines. R.C. Stoll is attorney for the plaintiff.HANDSpOTHEM AWALLOP.STINGINGThe phragrapher of the Louisville Courier-Journal needn't go toa fireworks store for a display. Inhis own cranium there is a store ofverbal explosives, judging by thefollowing extract from a recentissue of the C.-J.:"Still they plunge through th3streets, trucks with mufflers openedas widevas the span from Jupiter toMars juggernauts of din anddamnation, eathquakes on wheels,shatterers of human nerves, madhouses of roar and tumult, allmanned by monsters in human form,conscienceless archdemons of battle, murder and sudden death! Stillthey snort through the streets, butthe police, poor fellows, are deafand dumb, and so a blessed lawagainst them dies of neglect andinanition!". oOlympic Games.The origin of the Olympic games Islost in antiquity. The ofilclal list ofvictors begins with Coroebns, who wonthe foot race in 776 B. C. They werecelebrated every four years and wereat their height In the fifth and fourthcenturies B. C. The games continueduntil 394 A. D., when they were sup-,pressed by Emperor Theodosius. Themofiern series, of Olympicgames be-LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble StaveLumber CompanySomerset, Kentucky&tkr-r itsTHE UNIVERSAL. CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.1SAttention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market PorYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Plasnt Street.bti. 1'iff. f :it-pfan in Athens in 18tXL " " - -f'zV-f --uuu .t.' A.ft W-A AnJn 1 .. "- ' V!1fBQ ''v i.Atx js, fc.Z ,ae :,ft'FAGK EIGHTTO BOURBON NBWS,01eARIS.jJKBNTFJCKYV,tTCTgPAY, JULY j7, 1WS)THE ALAMO ,AND'' PARIS GRAND "II Admission: 2? " tZZJ'? z, . w" " HI " vii Children and GattccyUcplwi 2c war tax 2tcMILLERSBURGMATRIMONIAL.Miss Lida Litsey, of Bardstown,is a. guest of Mr. and Mrs. T. P.WaLdell.Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Johnson,of Gonzales, Texas, are guests ofirelatives here.Miss Dasher, of Georgia, is visiting at the home of Mr. and Mis.J. Hord Barnes, near this city.Mr. William Wright improvesslowly. He fell from a hay stacksome days ago, breaking his colla:bone. Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith leftSaturday for a visit to AssistantGeneral G. B. Smedley, at Austin,"Texas.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Shoptaughentertained a number of theirtriends Friday, with a six-o'clockdinner.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. CorringtonTeturned Wednesday after a two--weeks'visit to relatives at Atlanta,Georgia.Rev. W. W. Morton has returned after a ten-days' visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Morton, at Richmond, Va.Mrs. M. F. Daugherty and son.of Elizaville, arrived Sunday as 5guests of her uncle, Mr. C. R. Jones,and family.Mr. E. M. Thomason left Monday for a visit to his brother, Mr.Arthur Thomason, and family, atChicago, 111.Mrs. J. T. Judy returned Friday aftei a several-days' visit to hermother, Mrs. William Payne, andfamily, of Cynthiana.Mrs. J H. Miller and daughter,of Memphis, Tenn., will arrive'Wednesday as guests of her parents.Dr. and Mrs. W. G. Dailey.Mr. and Mrs. W. P. DeBell andMrs. George Jeffreys, of Lexington,-were guests of their sister, Mrs. R.M. Caldwell, and family, Sunday.Mrs. A. M. Vaught left Saturday for her home at Indianapolis,Ind., after spending several weekwith her p& rents, Mr. and Mrs. T.D. Judy.The Baptist Sunday School Institute closed Saturday evening.The Institute was conducted byRev. Mr. White, pastor of the Bap-tist Theological Institute, in Louisville. Miss Lyle Hutchison, of Nepton who has been taking a six-weeks' course at Eastern KentuckyState Normal, at Richmond, was theguest of her cousin, Mrs. A. T.Maftott, Sunday.President Wm. A. Ganfield andG. W. Welsh of Danville, were hereto look over poiiip of the furniture&t the Millersburg Military Institute. It was believed that some ofthe furniture could be used at Centre College.The leception given by MissAlfa BaP and Mrs. Carl ton Ball, inhonor of Mrs. Clarence Ball, ofLouisville, at the home of Mr. andMrs. A. C. Ball, was one of the socialevents of the mid-summer season iiyjthis cit. ine nouse aecoiauouwere garden flowers in yellow and"w&ite, wnicn coior scneme was uarTied out in the lunch. Miss AlmaBuke Jones, at the piano, rendered anumber of pleasing selections forthe entertainment of the guests.The hosts were assisted in entertaining the gu-ts by Mrs. A. S.Miller, Mrs. M. C. Grimes, Mrs. A. S.Best, Mrs. T. J. Jefferson, Mrs. Wm.Metcalfe. Mioses Ruth McClintocK,BetUe T. Yimont, Elizabeth Milletand Charlina Eall.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church held ameeting at the Millersburg CollegeFriday afternoon. An interestingprogram was givten. with membersof the Junior Society assisting. It isthe custom of the Society to invitethe men of the church to lunchwith them at the July meeting,and each member had the privilegeof initing a friend. A deliciouslunch was served, consisting of oldjcountry ham, dressed eggs, beatenhiscuit, light bread, cottage cheese,rp-iddins and iced tea. Among theout-of-town, guests present on this-occasion were: Mrs. Stuart Johnson, of Texas, Mrs. Miller, of Florida, Miss Miller, of Georgia. Mrs.Gentry, of Tennessee, and Mrs. Ad--ams, of Atlanta, Ga.1 o-RESIDENCE AND 8 ACRES TO BESOLD AT AUCTION.Don't fail to attend the sale of"Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann's residence and 8 acres of land on Cypresssreet, on Tuesday, July 27. Salestarts at 10:00 a. 111. and residenceat 11:00 o'clock. Also at the samelime a manure spreader, grain drill,farm wagon, buggy, spring wagon,.kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery, white enamel Sanitary FavoriteRange Stove, etc., will be sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve. For partial-lars sacHARRIS SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-St) Agents.: 0NEW TRUCK OWNERSAker & Vosrt. of Lexington, soldlast week to P. F. Farris,-of Paris,a two-ton Traffic truck, also one of issued tc these, so they will be enthe same kind to J. R. Endicott, of titled to vote in the CongressionalParis. I primary in August.e555ISSSInLoiHnh'9Paris,Carl Case, of near Paris, andMiss Delia Hornback, of Paris, ap-plied at the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, yesterday afternoon,for a (marriage license. On accountof the youthful appearance of theprospective bride, who gave her ageas seventeen, the necessary document was refused, until the writtenconsent of her father was obtained,after which the license was granted.CRAIL HINKSONAlfred Hinkson and Miss EthelCrail, both of near Mt. Carmel,in.this county, were married last weekat the home of the groom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Sterling Hinkson, near Mt. Carmel. They willreside &t the Hinkson home.HONICAN LYONS.A marriage license was"- issuedSaturday afternoon from the officeof County Clerk Pearce Paton, toJohn Lyons, 21, and Miss ElizabethWoodford Honican, 16, both ofBourbon county. They were married later at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor 6i the Paris Baptist church.WILSON StfAUPINRichard L. Wilson, 21, a soldierat Camp Taylor, and Miss RuthMaupin, IS, daughter of Mrs. JuliaMaupin Beeman, of Cynthiana, weremarried Friday night at the residence of the officiating minister.Rev. Felix K. Struve, in that city.The groom is a native of Bourboncpunty, his home before enteringthe service being at CambridgeCity, Ind. His term of enlistmentwill expire in a few months.BASE BALI GAMESSeveral auto parties of Paris people went to Cynthiana, Sunday afternoon, to -witness the game between the Cynthiana and Wiedemann teaims. . The Wiedemann teamwon out by the narrow margin ofone run, ttie score standing 7 to 6in their favor. Charlie Applegate,former manager of the Paris team,played with the Wiedemanns.ill me game ai jvibchuu, uummjafternoon between the Kisertonteam and the Cincinnati SouthernRailway team from Lexington, thevailwav bovs outDlayed the Bour-bonites, the score resulting 15 to 4in their favor. A home run oyGleason, of the Southern teapn,with two on bases, played a prominent part in the victory.oSTATE POSTMASTEKS' CONVENTION. Postmaster J. Walter Payne haoreceived the following letter fromMr. C. A. Bell, of Bedford, Ky.,President of the Kentucky branchof the National League of Postmasters of the United States:"The State Convention of the National Leasrue of Postmasters, will3e xe at Hotel Henry WattersonLouisville, Ky., on August 9 and 10,11920. This is to the best convention in our history, both in interestand attendance. An excellent program is being arranged."No doubt you have learned ofthe report of the Joint Commission,nn snim-v ndiustment. which is adisappointment to Postmasters, anaif the fight is continued, we shallhave no trouble in convincing Congress that we have not been allowed enough. N Therefore, the fight hasjust begun, and will be continueduntil the Postmasters are givenwhat they are justly entitled to receive. If you are interested in thecause, and have a desire to helpyourrelf. and at the same time assist the other fellow, you will laythis letter down, and at once remityour dues to your State Secretary,become a member of the League inhelping you."Vcrv Sincerely,"C. A. BELL, President."VYEARLING FOR SARATOGAA special freight train left Lexington last night over the Cincinnati Southern railway, carrying 165yearlings froni the bleeding establishments of the Bluegrass region,to be sold at the August sales atSaratoga, New York. A. B. Hancock, of Paris', had twenty-eightgood ones in the consignment. Thisis the first time a special train ofyearling has been shipped from theBluegrass by freight. The expresscompany could not assure enoughcars for the shipment and freight'accommodations had to be resortedto. Shipments have previously beenmade from the Xalapa Farm of Edward-Sifmms. near Paris, by express consigned to the samcsale.. 0SPECIAL REGISTRATION FIGURES. The special registration conducted Saturday in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, for the benefitof those who failed to register onthe regular day, resulted in an addition of thirteen Democrats andlone RepublicanCertificates werefirw4- PhonographsJ UlflG and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT5MiIIersburg?Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.TODAY, TUESDAYBUCK JONESThe New Screen Sensationin"HIQDEN TRAILS"A thrilling tale of love and bad menin the West.Also WILLIAM DUNCANin "The Silent Avenger"and Prizma Color Picture"Model Girls"i m w DELAND0Gregg5 Orchestra PlayingDEATHS.VAUGHNRev. W. F. Vaug4in, for a number of yoars pastor of the ParisIMethodist church, and one of themost popular ministers"" of that denomination in the State, dieyd at hishome in Harrodsburg, last week, after a short illness. Rev. Vaughnwas Presiding Elder for sixteen,years, serving four years in the Covington, Maysville, Shelbyville andDanville districts. He was a member of Hie Odd Fellows and Masoniclodges, and was also a member ofthe Knights Templar. He is survived by his widow, who was before her marriage Miss Lizzie BritIon, of Salvisa, Ky.CAMPBELL.Hugh D. Campbell, seventynine, a retired farmer, died Saturday night at his home in this city,i.of the infirmities of age. Mr. Campbell was a native of Mason county,and had been a resident of Bourboncounty for many years. He is survived by his widow and two daughter, Mrs. W. R. Franklin, of Paris,and Mrs. Julian A. McClintock, ofRichmond.The funeral was held at the family home, at the corner of Ninthand High streets, yesterday morning at ten o'clock with servicesconducted by Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch. The interment took placeon the family lot in the MillersburgCemetery.G1VENS.L. B. Givens, aged- seventy,died at his home near Stanford,last week, of stomach trouble,from which he had long been asufferer. He was one of the mostprominent farmers of Lincolncounty, owning a large farm nearStanford.Mr. Givens married Miss Neppie7Ioore, of Paris, a sister of Mrs.George W. Stuart, Mrs. John W.Jameson, end Messrs. N. A. Moore,Stamps Moore, and Spears Moore,of Paris. Pie is survived by oneson, Mr Ewalt Givens. -Mrs. Giv-'ens died in Mcy, 1914, and a daughter, Mrs. Lucv Givens Miller, diedin 1918.The funeral Avas held at thefamily home, followed by burial inthe Buffalo cemetery, near Stanford. Mr. Stamps Moore, of Paris,attended the funeral and burial.GAY.Mrs. Ida Gay, aged fifty, wifeof Mr. Ollie Gay, residing on thefarm of Mr. William Ardery, on theLexington road, near Paris, died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, yesterday morning at sixo'clock, from the effects of an operation performed for tumor. Mrs.Mrs. Gay had been ill for a longtime, and was brought lo the Hospital last week, where it was decided an operation would be necessary.Her weakened sybtejm could notstand ihe shock, death ensuing.Mrs. Gay was the daughter of Mr.and Mr.1:. John .Argo, of this county.Besides her husband, she is survivedby nine children, also by one sister,Mrs. Maggie Bi'ddle, of Newtown,Scott county, three half-sisters,Mrs. Sudie McGloth, of Covington,Mrs. Lutie Gay and Mrs. ThelmuArgo, both of Marion, Ind., and byfour half-brothers, Thomas and fearlArgo, of Marian, Ind., and Arthurand Otis Argo, of Bourbon county.The body .was prepared for burialand will be taken to Elizaville, inFleming county, this morning, thefuneral paity leaving Paris at nineo'clock. Sei vices will be held at thegrave in the Elizaville Cemetery bythe min'ster of the Elizaville Christian church.-o-STOCK, CROP, ETC.Robert C. Frakes, formerly ofParis, acting for -John Tiieisen",bought of Carr & Piatt, at Lexington, the yearling brown colt byMaster Robert, dam Marbles (damof Tex Foreiman) and will breakhim at the Kentucky Jockey Clubtrack at Lexington.WORLD'S BEST INVESTMENTYou oan't lose the handsomeprofits due you if you buy LibertyBonds at present market priceaand kdep them until maturity. T-hewealth and p.rpdil nf thp nnHnn nvu' pledged to their redemption at pav.Tomorrow, WednesdayETHEL CLAYTON in'The 13th Commandment'What is the 3th Commandment? Ifyou're a woman you ought to know. Ifyou're a man you'd better see this amazing picture. And be sure "She" comesalong.Also Selig's Big Wild Animal Serial"THE LOST CITY"And "Topics of the Day".WALLIS whj, make QUICKWORK OF REDS.Thirty-five of the party of sixtythree aliens brought to Ellis Island,near New York, from Western andmiddle Western cities, are to be deported because of their radical activities, Immigration CommissionerFrederick A. Wallis announced.Four of them, he said, were rushedto an out-going vessel and sent toIheir native land.Referring to the remaining "undesirables," Commissioner Wallissaid he planned to "make quickwork of them."The deportees were brought toNew York in special cars from SanFrancisco, Seattle, Chicago, KansasCity and other Western cities wherethey had been rounded up by agentsof the Department of Justice.TAX COMMISSIONER'S NOTICE. Wishing to correct a mistakenidea that seems to be currentrelative to the law governinglisting off taxes, we wish tonotify the public that the lawis the same as last year, and itis each one's duty to report inperson, if possible, at our officein basement of Court House.You will kindly note this andcall at your earliest convenience. WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.J. J.REDMON, Deputy.julyl3-tfMotor vehicles in the UnitedStates represent a total valuation ofapproximately $6, 357, 594, 580.K. xGreat value offering. Beautiful snow white, cool,OXFORDS and PUMPS in all the leading styles at-- ;' .JS"ULy Jl 07Vand take advantage of theMoney - Saving Possibilitiesthis economy store offers you.Just a Few of the Many WonderfulEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES 0 ACReduced to Pi9b "frJBeautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.$5.00 Ladies Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99v . .Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English Oxfords .Sale Price $1.85"Lot of Children's $1.50 and $2.00 SlippersOn Sale at $1.00See Bargain Counters 1Paris' Greatest ShoeHINDOO SEER AND CRYSTAL GAZERKnows All-Sees All-Tells All. Ask himabout anything that is troubling you.AfternoonAPPROPRIATED A MEXICANA recent issue of the FrankfortState Journal has the following:"Hon. Denis Dundon, of .Paris,was a caller on local officers. 'Mr.Dundon tells a good .story about aMexican who had been brought intoBourbon county to do a specialwork. He had a tag on his arm,and wiitten directions, but beingunable to speak English, inquiredhis way by making signs. TheMexican' was taken charge of by ;farmt-r in need of labor and put towork. Litigation was about to bethreatened when the matter wasadjusted by sending the Mexican tothe address to which he was intended." FORMER PARIS MAN PROMOTING TOWN SITEThe real estate firm of Henry &jFleenor, of Winchester, has enteredinto a contract with C. L. Bell, formerly of Paris, and president of theMutual Oil and Refining Company,whereby they acquire the management and sale of all lots and property in the new town of Morningview, just east of Winchester.Deeds were made to 42 of the lots asa result of the first day after thefirm's acquisition of the property.The deal involved about $40,000.It is stated that work on the proposed refinery will be continued by theMutual Company.oNOTICE TO THE PUBLICI will not be responsible for anydebts or accounts made by anyone,or charged to me, or to my account,without a written order.CHAS. O. MARTIN.(16-4t)TI0NNOW GOING$8.00to$9.0aGradesReduced toRegula pricenow.DAN COHENStoreWhere BeautyThursday, July 29thJ.WARREN KERRIGANin "Live Sparks"Ease and plenty made him a "Nobody Millionaire." Adversity put him onhis metal. Live wires are dead until youclose the switch See what closed theswitch for Neil in "Live Sparks."Sunshine Comedy, The Jazz Bandits'And Vod-a-Vil Moviesand EvenimHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)PAINTSANDVARNISHESWe have just put in a completeline ofJohnson'sCincinnatiPaints andVarnishesGuaranteed to be the best thatmoney can buy. And a little bitcheaper than the other fellow'sbest.Pure Linseed Oil and Tupentine at special prices.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsBoth Phones Paris, Ky.0N0MYMSALEONcomfortable and DRESSYprices that defy the cost!Shoe Bargains&&d&EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES 0 ffZReduced to WWb WWNewest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.$4.95Brown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlySpecial Price on Suede Pumps$14.00,$5.95Greatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.and Economy Reign.y4,,3S " ." -?--;JTTflGFiJfc 'l-tfiv - -vr-w -eiCP"j v'Z'"f".-1"V ,. ,-. ,n v -: " ; e,vt-r f ui-ve ' 5 i r -'. - " '"Jr. lx' v