", -ffefwr&v:rr- TiSs.:-THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-SB;1 J ',VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1920,J;BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS !One of tlie most important dealsrecently made in Central Kentuckyreal estate circles was consujmmatedTuesday when Henry S. Caywood,of North Middletown, associated withThomas Brock and Judge Hardwich,both of Clark county, purchased theFields van Meter farm inClarkcounty, comprising 1,100 acres, forwhich they paid a sum approximating $500,000. The farm, which islocated near Renick station, on theLouisville & Nashville, adjoins theRenick farm and that of Prewitt"Van Meter. It was stated yesterdaythat it is the intention of the newowners to build three large tobaccobarns on the farm, which will beplanted in tobacco the coming season. It will then be divided intothree tracts and placed on the piar-3ret-"Prof. E. M. Costello has sold hisfarm of twenty-seven aeres, locatednear North Middletown, to RoyKing, for $11,000. He also soldfive acres to John T. Collins for ?2,500. T. H. See bought of CharltonWells eight acres of unimprovedland located near North Middletownfor $3,300. Mr. See sold his NorthMiddletown home to Mrs. WilliamHuffaker for $3,500. Mrs. Huffakersold her home in North Middletownto Carlton Wells, for $2,500. Mrs.Rena Campbell purchased of MissJda Arkle two acres of land lyingon the Bethlehem pike, near Paris,for $4,000. U. S. G. Owens, of Fayette county, purchased privately ofRoscoe Carmichael, the latter's six-teen-acrefarm located near Clintonville, for $9,500.HSCAL COURT PROCEEDINGSThe February term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room yesterday, with a fullBoard of magistrates present, andJudge George Batterton presiding.A large number of claims againstthe countv were allowed and ordered paid. The sum of $2,657 was jCj-jN1iuvea larmers ot me coujiiy ursheep killed by dogs. The report ofCounty Road Engineer Ben-F. Bedford for the month of January wasread and filed. The County RoadEngineer and Catesby Spears wereappointed a . committee to purchase1he following machinery 'for thecounty: Three 5-ton trucks; one10-ton roller: three sprinklers; ones&nd spreader; two 10,00D-gallonoil tanks. They were also given fullsupervision of building the newgarage at the county rock quarry inEast Paris, with power to accept orTeject bids. The Court adjourned to ;March 3.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSANNUALClearance SaleBegins Saturday, Jan. 31GREAT REDUCTIONSONSUITS, COATSWAISTS, SKIRTSREMNANTSof all kindsExtra SpecialsBest Quality Apron Gingham .25c yd.10 yards of above specials to each customer' SPECIAL SALE ON TOWELSEarly Spring ShowingSUITS, DRESSES AND COATS ,SILKS, FANCY VOILES, WHITE GOODSV AND DRESS GINGttAMS ' : lFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERS-RELIGIOUS.!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAiAt a .meeting of the MissionCircle .f tne Christian church, Tues-uaj, miss xieien .tiuicncrait gave aleport of her work as. one of the National Y. W. C. A. Secretaries forforeign students. She told of theStudent Volunteer Convention heldI 1 X. A- . -iaBt montn m ues Momes, lowa, agarnering of over 7,000 students.Miss Hutchcraft had as her specialcharge at the convention 123 youngwomen from foreign countries, whoare at present studying in the colleges and universities of the UnitedStates. The Y. W. C. A. selected! this group as being the most repre- jsentative of the 1,500 foreign women students in the United States,among whom they do work, and invited them to be guests of the Y. W.C. A. at the convention. Twentynationalities were represented inthis group of 123, including French,Swiss, Dutch, Swedish, English,Scotch, Russian, Greek, Persian,East Indian, Korean, Japanese,Chinse, Armenian, native andDutch African, several nationalitiesfrojm South America, Philipino andMexican.CHRISTIAN CHURCH.Regular services will be held atthe Christian church Sunday, February 8, conducted by the pastor,Ttev. W. E. Ellis. Morning worshipat 10:45 a. m., subject, "The Manof Sin;" evening worship at 7:00 p.m., subject, "Come and See."Come early and attend Sundayschool. Classes begin at 9:30 a. m.Christian Endeavor at 6:00 p. m.Leader, Maurice Clark; topic, "ALife Worth While." Everybodycordially invited.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor, willconduct services both morning andevening at the Presbyterian churchSunday, at the usual hours. Thesubject for the morning discoursewill be, "Stirring Up A New Rebellion;" for the evening, "WhereIs The Sinner of The World?" Thepublic is cordially invited to attendservices.SWISS BELL RINGERS ENTERTAIN LARGE AUDIENCEThe Swiss Bell Ringers, a musicalorganization of superior excellence,delighted and pleased a large andrepresentative audience of musiclovers at the Paris High School Auditorium, Wednesday night. Theprogram was a varied one, comprising popular and classical selections,all rendered in an artistic manner.Just now that celebrated "Faceon the Barroom Floor" is the expressive visage of John Barleycorn&1 1& CO.TOBACCO MARKETSA better tone prevailed on the;Paris jmarket in Tuesday's sale,There was a large quantity of low?grades in the sale which cut thqfloor averages materially. Gootjtypes of cigarette quality and" colorbrought high prices for all offered!Receipts were heavy, and manywagons remained on the street unloaded because the warehouse helpers could not get to them. A numiber of crops averaged into the"eighties and nineties. The croriiRnlf? hv T W Piirvant tito r. Tt, $-.-- j j.. ,, . vyuncui nuo lUC inj"ord sale of the day, bringing an av-rerage of $100.04 a hundred poundsA total of 231,905 pounds was disposed 'of at the Paris house of thejBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Com-'nanv. for a monev vnlim nf sinni5K9.HQ n flrri avoram nf 9AO OC t!""".ww, wrv vTbXl) Ui f lO.OViAt the Independent house No. 3the sales Wednesday .reached a total'of 116,819 pounds, bringing a reve-1nue of $46,884.93, a floor average ofj?40.14. The offerings sold fromfour cents to $1.30 a pound. AILthe houses are now capacity full,with enough on the floors to keepthe auctioneers and warehouse handsbusy far into the coming week.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse!Company finished the block sale atthe Paris house Wednesday, selling4a total of 60,895 pounds of tobaccofor $26,353.84, a floor average of$43.65. The sale was again blocked in Warehouse No. 3. Some ofthe best crop averages were as fol-lows: jClay & Wagoner (No. 1), 1,580pounds, average $95.06. jClay & Wagoner (No. 2), 5,150?pounds, average $56.42.J. W. Current, 1,885 pounds, av-)erage $82.65. 9pounds, averaere $71.96.Collins & Mastin, 3,420 pounds,average $59.92. rfMedlin & Guy, 1,225 "pounds, av-rerage $59.98. JTalbott & Speakes, 4,355 pounds,average $97.01. jSkinner & Yeary, 2,520 pounds,!average $65.65. jJones & Johnson, 2,175 pounds,,average $56.89.Alverson & Cameron, 1,755'pounds, average $64.93.Renick & Oren, 3,600 pounds, average $52.23. " ? ',-L.invme & son, a q t 5 poimas. usz-jerage $50.77. . rT. S. Darnaby, 2,695 pounds, average $55.31.oSIDNEY ARDERY PASSES EXAMINATION AS PHARMACIST.Sidney S. Ardery. Jr., member ofthe Ardery Drug Co., of this city,has received official notice of hissuccessful passing examination bythe Kentucky State Board of Pharmacy, as a registered pharmacist, ata meeting of the Board held recentlyIn Covington.Mr. Ardery is a graduate of thePans High School In the cla&p of1910. He then attended CenterCollege at Danville, receiving' a degree of B. S. in Chejmistry in 1914.Shortly after graduating from college he engaged in the drug business with his brother, Fayette Ardery, at the old C. S. Clark & Co.fctand in this city.The Kentucky Board of Pharmacyrequires four years', apprentice workin a drug store before one can takeexamination for registered pharmacist. After serving this apprenticeship Mr. Ardery has completed hiscourse of training, and will continue to serve the public at the Ardery Drug Co.'s.oFRIVOLITIES OF 1920" AT PARISGRAND.To-morrow night the amusementloving patrons of the Paris Grandnill be favored with Hie appearanceat that popular playhouse of one ofthe musical and comedy successes ofthe season, "The Frivolities of920." The company is -headlined byRuth Goodwin and Billy Clark,both high-class comedians, supported by a cqmpany of undoubted excellence and a richly-costumed andthoroughly capable chorus, who can1 rally sing and dance."The Frivolities of 1920" hasbeen the subject of Inost favorablereviews in the Lexington papers.The advance sale is heavy, indicating the presence of a crowded housewhen the curtain goes -up onjptKeopening number. Tickets on sapnow. Get yours before it is Jipelate!LEFS . QUARAimNE AGAINSTTHIS KIND OF EXPERT.Everybody in Paris is howlinMabout the great increase in theamount of their gas bills for themonth 'of January, including "us,"and. we generally take our medicinewithout a chirp. We understand,however, 'that an "expert" from St.Louis "helped" to read the (metersfor January (the month, not theMayor)' as the latter-has been afterthe Gas & Electric Co. for manymonths. Let's have a home man todo the job hereafter. We don't like"furriners" for nothing, nohow.What do strangers know about ourkind of meters, anyway?o ;- .Authorities are now investigatingthe delicate"question of when ciderceases to be a soft drink and becomes a hard character among beverages. " "CONTRIBUTE TO. THE MASSIEuvBiiiaii ilUfli.When thecampaign was inau-grated in this county for the many city are manifesting great interactivities thatwere necessary terest in the retail merchandisingby the war people remarked: "Well, ! lecture which is being brought hereit is a certain thing that old Bour-jty the Y. M. C. A., and which willbon county will go to the front.be shown free of charge to-night,when jt comes to contributing to j (Friday) February 6, at 7:30relief work." And Bourbon did. o'clock, in the Y. M: C. A gymnaThe sajme has been true of every juiujm. The' lecture, which will bemovement having for its object the i given through the courtesy of Therelief -of suffering. The Red Cross, , National Cash Register Company,the Salvation Army, the Armenian Dayton, Ohio, contains the results ofItehef, the War Savings, the Thrift! that concern's 34 years of expericampaign, the Health and Welfare ence in dealing with merchants inLeague, numerous others, all fared; an parts of the world, and is thevery substantially at the hands of most comprehensive lecture of itsthe people of Paris and the county, character on the road to-day.It becomes a matter of pride with Mr. Will H. Farley, expert lectuur people to say, "We will go over urer, will tell by means of stereopthe top m this matter." ticon slides and motion nintnrp thxjieie is iiuw in piusress u earn-paign for the Massie MemorialHospital in this city, an institutionthat needs no newspaper boosting,for the good it has done and stillcan do. Thesolicitors have beenbusy everyday, giving impartiallyand unselfishly of their time andtalents in the campaign to raisefunds for the Hospital. They havemet with a generous response, butthere is still a great need of moneyfor the work.Give as liberally as nization, and other interesting top-ln Tir vnrlr. ""TnAli,, -..;ii t j;.n.1nnjyou can. and help the work. ""TheHospital is 'in desperate need offunds, and it is now m your powerto do good. The following is an additional listof contributors to thefund since the list last published:L. & N. Railroad Co $250.00.J. T. Weathers 5.00B. F. Stipp 5.00W. R. Stipp J 5.00$WF. Heathman 10.00$. L. Weathers 25.00Sam L. Weathers 20.00Kelley Haley 25.00T. J.Weathers 15.00Lary Buchanan . 1.00Jas. -B. -Woodford ,10.00R. R. McMillan 10.00Stephenson 50.00Ardery 25.00Dailey 100.00Jacoby 25.00Clarke 50.00Hasan 1.00Millersburg Coal & LumberCompany 50.00Mrs. C. M. Clay & Sons. 100.00Ferrest Letton 10.00J. W. Bell.- 25.00Bourbon Steam Laundry 50.00Walker Burner 50.00,Woodford Buckner 50.00W. K. Ferguson 1 25.00W. JP. Wornall-J-V . 25.00RitfVTifcieftz vL a ,15.00Lexington .Leader 1- iskuu-- -IT- V- -- - i .. Lkrf.O. L. Davis 10.00Catesby Woodford, 'Jr 25.00S. Brooks Clay 25.00E. J. Burris 25.00W. H. McMillan 100.00Rudolph Davis 10.00Paris Billiard Co 15.00Logan Howard 10.00Matt Lair 25.00John J. Redmon 25.00R. M. Gilkey 25.00Julian Frank 10.00Clav GaitskilL 25.00J. M. Hall 100.00Harry B. Clay 25.00J. E. Craven 5.00A. B. Lovell 5.00Stern Bros 10.00J. Frank Clay 50.00Charlton Clay .200.00Al Summers 10.00L. J. FretWell , 50.00G. C. Thompson - 25.00Lou Taylor ' 25.00Mrs. Mary K. Tarr 100.00G. T. Leach i. 25.00J. L. Leach : 25.00A. D.-Leach 25.00J. D. Marshall ' 25.00J. L. Soper 20.00G. K. Redttwn 25.00Joe B. Smith. 25.00D. D. Cline 20.00Miss Tillie Jaynes 5.00J. H. Thompson 100.00Jas. B. Duncan -' 15.00oHELP THE HOSPITAL.On dollar will not buy $2.50worth of food. That Is whatthe hospital has to confrontnow. It cannot be done. Giveliberally to the hospital fund.SAVE DISCOUNT PAY BYTENTH, LAST DAY TOSAVE MONEY.THEIf your gas and electric bill is notpaid before the iOth of Februaryyou will NOT receive the benefits ofa discount. Pay TO-DAY and- savemoney. We would rather notcollect the penalty, but prefer. thatyou receive the benefit of the'sav-ng-.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(6-2t)BOX SUPPER. TO-NIGHT .A box supper, the proceeds to bedonated to the Kentucky Ch'ildren'sHome, at Louisville, will be given atClay's Cross Roads" School House,near Paris, to-night. The entertainment will be in charge of Mrs.Biidie Clay Webb, teacher, and her ipupils. A cordial invitation is extended to the general public to at- Itend. v ' 1HANDSOME RESIDENCE ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS ATAUCTION.As agents for Houston Rion, ex-ecutor of Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, Harris .& Speakes will sell .at public sale onthe premises, on Second street, Tuos- jday, February 10, at 1:30 p. m., t-behandsome two-story residence, . fur-'nituro, household goods. A chance -,A. L.S. S.M. H.M. R.D. E.L.-V."MERCHANTS' TROUBLES vANDHtJW Ttl STOP TTTKIC" IMerchanfR aoioeio r iacniispc nf faiinroin retail business.and explain some of the latest methods of storekeeping. One of thfeatures of the lecture will be thatpart devoted to newspaper advertising. The writing of newspaper advertisements, their value to the Tetail (merchant, and the necessity foradvertising continually will be takenup, and explained in detail. In alike manner, the question of windowdiSDlav. nerfection of a store orera-its mix UK uiauuaocu.In addition, the three-reel featurefilm, "Troubles of a Merchant, andnow to stop Tnem," will be given"for the first time in this city. Thisfilm has been shown before commercial bodies, conventions and otherorganizations from coast to coast.It is declared to be the best exposition of the troubles of the averageretail merchant ever given.GROUNDED ELECTRIC WIRECAUSES ITRE ALARM.Fire Chief McGoldrick. expertelectrician, as well as fire fighterand his trusty crew of "fire-putters-out"were called to the corner ofMain and Fourteenth streets Wednesday night by an alarm from BoxS2. An electric light wire becoming grounded from a defective curlent to an arc lamp set fire to iepole. The trouble was remedied ijva short while.oFire, Winn and LightningInsurance.. Thmas, Woodford & BryanHANDSOME PARIS HOME AT PUB--r''HCSAEE.If you are looking for a modernup-to-date home, attend the publicsale of Mrs. Jos. M. Rion's residence j orderly conduct had been made toon Second street, to be held Tuesday, the management by patrons- of theFebruary 10. There is none better house. She was placed under arrestlocated. Read the display adver- j later on, but released on bond to aptisement in this issue of THE pear in Police Court for. .hearing. onNEWS. jthe charge of disorderly conductHARRIS & SPEAKES. and disturbing the peace.WE KNOW HOWHere's aThat's ReallyGUARANTEEDThe Guarantee Tag locked with aleaden seal on every "LEATHERiZED"suit says: "Satisfaction or your moneyis yours again!"jCeatherizedGUARANTEED SUITS FOR &6VsLined at elbows, pockets, seats andknees' with fine, soft, real leather. Fabrics all wool, patterns nifty, stylessnappy and tailoring the best.ifor school wear. Sizes 6 to 18And NowhereLet Us ShowMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREPRESBYTERYARftAWfrrs -hyREV. SMYUE'S ORDINATIONOrdination services for Rev. Theodore S. Smylie, new pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, will beheld in the church building oaSunday, February 29, at elereno clock, a. m. At a jmeeting of thEbenezer Presbytery, held at thelocal church Tuesday, arrangementswere perfected for the service, whichwill be one of an unusually impressive nature.Rev. "j. Gray McAllister, of Loujsville, who has filled the Paris pulpit many times as. supply pastor,will preach the ordination sermon.The constitutional questions to therew pastor will be propounded byRev. S. B. Lander, of Carlisle, whowill preside. Rev. Dr. Guerrant, ofElizaville, will deliver the chargeto the congregation, while t&echarge to the pastor will be. delirered by Rev. W. W. Morton, of Millersburg. The public is cordiallyinvited to be present on this occasion.REPORT OF PENH BROS SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney conducted the public sale Tuesday of farming ifmplements, household goods,stock, etc., belonging to Penn Bros.,on the premises, near Paris. Mr.Kenney furnishes the following report, of the sale:Horses brought $150 to $205 ahead; cows, $125 to $140 a head;chickens, $14.25 a dozen; household goods and farming implementsbrought good prices. There ,was alarge attendance.AUCTION SALE OP MRS. JOS. M.RION HOME.Read in this issue description ofthe Jos. M. Rion home, on Secondstreet, to be offered at public saleon Tuesday, February 10, at 1:30 p.in., by Harris & Speakes, as agentsfor Houston Rion, executor. This isone of the most desirable and complete homes in the city, with vailconveniences. The household andjcitchen furniture will be sold at theame time. Remember the time,place and date.FINED FORDISORDERLYDUCT.COIT-In Police Court yesterday JudgeErnest Martin assessed a fine of$7.50 against Annie English on -.acharge of disorderly conduct. "vSlicwas removed from the Grand Mon-day night by Patrolman Geprge W.Judy, after complaints of her dls-Boy's GarmentIdealyears.Else in town.You TO-DAY!tiIfIfmiiftwliitNJto get a bargain.u11 i , mmu'umft"- Til1 V jTr ""';v...ry'PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY f, 1121.r ftsaysML "HWM skate"" R k Hr4iHHHIHiHliHiHHHHHHIHHIiHHBiiHHHHiI'm a goodChesterfieldA REAL pal that'sChesterfield.Look at its record.Three million smokersless than five years nthe market! Two wordsexplain itThey Satisfy!"22tiSHYERS' OF ANDERSON SENTTO PENITENTIARYAt Mt. Sterling, after deliberat5&S but a short while, the jurybrwaght in a verdict of guilty ini&e case of the Commonwealthptfnst the Evans negroes, chargedt31 the murder of S. English AnSenson, prominent MontgomeryStTRier. John Evans, Jr., was sen3taced to serve a life term in theUCJRitentiary. His father and imothae'John and Lizzie Evans, were3Teu three years each in prison.'The: negroes were taken to Frank3ear. Saturday morning, to enteryon their terms of imprisonment.SEEKS STOCK ALLEGED DUE FORLEGAL SERVICEMen WantedYoung men for Railway MailGJerksr $110 month. ExperienceJKinecessary. For free particulars,axauninations, write L. Leonard,iibqmer Government Examiner),3?35 Equitable Building, Washingvm, D. C."Yours very truly,v. S. SCHOOL OF CIVIL SERVICE,Inc.J. C. LEONARD, Pres..C3-3t)WANTEDCountry produce, eggs, butter,cittermilk, sweet milk, hams,aJdckens; etc. Bring to us for bestasaxket prices.DAVIS & DOYLE,(23-tf) Bone Dry Cafe.For Sale5-passengertouring1 Oakland1 Buick roadster;1 White "truck.-These machines are in good run--jfffngorder. Good tires. Well worthyour money.E. T. SHEELER,nmb. -Phone 176 Millersburg, Kv.Uan30-tf)Asserting that they are due forlegal services rendered the EasternKentucky Mineral & Timber Company, whose legal existence endedseveral years ago, A. M. Hall, ofLexington, filed suit Saturday in theFayette Cirucit Court at Lexington,against H. Clay Howard, principalstockholder in the company, for tenshares of stock. In the event thestock is not granted, he asks thecourt to award him $5,000 damages.An OrdnanceSUPPLEMENTARY TO A N'DAMENDING AN ORDINANCEPASSED BY THE BOARD OPCOUNCIL OF THE CITY OPPARIS, KENTUCKY, ON AUG.28, 1919, CONCERNING ANDPROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF BONDS OF THE CITYOP PARIS, KENTUCKY, IN THESUM OP SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS, ($60,000.00), TO BE USEDP0R THE PUR0P0SE OP CONSTRUCTING SANITARY SEWERS ON MAIN STREET PROMFOURTEENTH STREET TOTWENTIETH STREET AND ONFOURTEENTH STREET FROMMAIN STREET TO JACKSONSTREET AND UPON OTHERSTREETS, AND PROVIDINGFOR THE SALE OF THIRTYTHOUSAND DOLLARS' WORTHOF SAID BONDS.LostOn High street, yesterday, between Twelth street, and Carl Wilmolh's residence, a black fur neckpiece. Finder please return to thisoffice and receive suitable reward.NOTICE.The undersigned, on Thursday,January 1, 1920, adopted a slightchange in their scale .of prices, andbeginning on that date will "chargetwenty cents for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD,CAHAL BROTHERS,RUSS CORBIN.(2jan-tf) ;WantedWanted, to rent a small farm, sivtd ten acres for tobacco, ten to fiffien acres for corn; good land withsjtmifortable house and pasture, closetfo. school.EARL A ALLISOX,2-4t) Route 5, Paris. Ivy.For SaleA five-passenger Bjick touringsar in perfect condition. This carias five good tires, is almost new, inKb". 1 condition, and worth theiBOney. Phone 790.(,8-Zt) ANDERSON CAHAL.Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking .Machine or Organ, give auc a call, andse convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tSail to liave latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aspecialty.J. H. TEMPLE.MAN PIANO CO..John B. Geis, Represent aiive. 91 SMain Street, Paris, Ivy.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf )Truck HaulingWe are now prepared to do all2inds of truck hauling. A specialtyf moving. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,fcig or small. Day phone 780;Night call' 1956.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf)CALL A TAXICABTor any place at any time. We areqw in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsxnswered promptly day or night.Roth Phones No. 201.After 12 o'clock midnight, xcali' Cumberland Phone 917.. S. R. HUDNALL,, Office No. 6 Bank Row.23dee-lf)T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate, LiveStock, Personal Property. LockBox 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.(jan6-l))able toC K. Thomas, Treasurer ofthe City of Parii, and the checks ofall unsuccessful "bidders shall Be "returned immediately vto such 'biddersand the checkof tae sticceful bidder shall he retained and such successful bidder shall be giyen creditfor the amount of sucn upon his hidfor such bomds.In the event of the successful bidder failing to t?lr- said bond andpay the price bid therefor, said sumof five per cent, will be retained bythe City of Paris as liquidated damages for such failure on 'the part ofsaid bidder to carry out his contract. 5. The right is reserved to reject any and all bids.6. This ordinance shall be in fullforce and effect from and after itspassage and publication as requiredby law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Kentucky.Attest:J. W. Hayden, Clerk.Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.A Duroc Jerseytered. Apply to(3-tf)TdrSa&imale hog; regis-F. B. THOMAS.For SaleA first-class 60-in. Roll Top oidesk. A bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(19-tf)The Blue Grassltealty Co.Office-Broadway, Opposite Court HousePARIS, KENTUCKYBOTH PHONES No. 224?Notice of SaleOF THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS($30,000.00) WORTH OF SEWERBONDS OF THE CITY OFPARIS. KENTUCKY.The City of Paris, Kentucky, willoffer for sale to the highest bidderat the Council Chamber in said city,on Thursday, February 12, at So'clock, p. m. 1920, Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) worth ofsewer bonds bearing date of March1, 1920, and maturing at the rate ofThree Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00)per year from November 1, 1920, to.nd inclusive of November 1, 1929.The said bonds were authorised bya vote of the people at the November election, 1919.Interest, five per cent, payablesemi-annually, on the first of Mayand November, and both principaland interest payable in" gold coin ofthe present standard of weight andfineness, at the Bank of America, inNew York City.These bonds are issued pmsuantto Chapter 113, Acts of Kentucky,Legislature, 1918.Delivery one-third on March 1,1920, one-third on June 1 . 19 20.and one-third on August 1. 1920.Payments must be made on delivery.All bids must be accompanied bya certified check for five per cent ofthe total amount of the b'd. thoivemberCity Hall, Paris, Ky.January 27, 1920BE IT ORDAINED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, that section one of an ordinance passed by the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris, Kentucky, on the 28 th day of August,1919, entitled, "An Ordinance Submitting to 'the Legal Voters of theCity of Paris the Question of a BondIssue of Sixty Thousand Dollars,(?60,000.00), to be used for thepurpose of constructing a sanitarysewer on Main Street from Fourteenth Street to Twentieth Street,and on Fourteenth Street from MainStreet to Jackson Street, etc." beand the same is hereby amended asfollows, to-wit:1. That the Mayor of the City ofParis, Kentucky, is hereby authorized and directed to cause to be prepared bonds of the City of Paris,Kentucky, in the supn of SixtyThousand Dollars, ($60,000.00);said bonds to be of the denominationof One Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00), to bear date, 1st day ofMarch, 1920, and numbered consecutively from one to sixty, (60) inclusive, to be marked on the facethereof. "Main and other Streets,Sewer Bonds of the City of Paris,Kentucky," and to mature as follows, to-wit.?3,000.00 on November 1, 1920.?3,000.00 on November 1, 1921.3,000.00 on November 1, 1922.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1923.53,000.00 on November 1, 1924.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1925.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1926.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1927.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1928.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1929.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1930.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1931.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1932.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1933.$3,000.00 on Novepnber 1, 1934..13,000.00 on November 1, 1935.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1936. .$3,000.00 on November 1, 1937.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1938.$3,000.00 on November 1, 1939.Said bonds shall bear interest atthe rate of five per cent (5) perannum from the date thereof, interest payable semi-annually upon thefirst day of May and November ofeach year until full payment of theprincipal thereof, for which interestcoupons shall be attached to saidbonds providing for the semi-annualpayment of interest, being the interest from the date of each bond untilthe first day of November, 1920,shall be included in the first coupon.Both principal and interest shallbe payable in gold coin of the United States of America, of the presentstandard of weight and fineness, atthe Bank of America, in the City ofNew York, N. Y. Said bonds shallbe signed by the Mayor, countersigned by the Clerk of the said City,the seal of the City affixed and thecoupons may bear the fascimile signature of said Clerk.2. The Mayor is directed to advertise the sale of Thirty ThousandDollars. ($30,000.00), worth of saidbonds, being the first thirty (30) ofsaid bonds maturing on November1, 3 920, up to and inclusive of No-1, 1929. in the official pubcheck of the successful bidder to be I lications in Paris, Kentucky, once acredited on account and x the checksof unsuccessful bidders to be returned immediately.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J. W. Hayden, Clerk.FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF THECITY OF PARIS. KENTUCKYTotal bonded debt, including this issue.. $ 192,500.00Assessed valuation1919 .. 5.225,594.00Real valuation, subject to taxation . . 8,000,000.00Population, (estimated), 8,000.City incorporated prior to 1800.I hereby certify the above statements to be correct to the best of myknowledge and belief.J. W. HAYDEN,Clerk City of Paris, Kentucky(30jajn3t)week for two consecutive weeks andin the Bond Buyer, which is published in New York City, in oneissue thereof, and to receive sealedbids for said bonds in open Councilin the City Hall, in Paris, Kentucky,on Thursday, February 12,, 19 20, .'ateight o'clock, "p. m. Said bondsshall be sold in , three installmentsto-be delivered as follows:.-Ten' Thousand Dollars ($10,GOO.00) worth on March 1, 1920;Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) worth on June 1, 1920, andthe remaining Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) worth on August1. 1920.3. Said boncte shall not be soldfor le&s than par and accrued interest. 4. Each bidder shall accompanyhis bid with a certified check for fiveV per cent, of the total amount of hisLid, which check shall be made pay-For Sale PrivatelyI offer for sale at a bargain, privately, the following:American Universal . WoodworkingMachine, 2-power Boring Machine,Swing Cut-off Saw, Barn BuildingOutfit complete, 1 concrete BlockMachine and all necessary equip-iment.This machinery is in good working order and can be seen in myshop at Millersburg.E. T. SHEELER.Cumb. Phone 176 (M'burg ex.)(jan30-tf) Millersburg, Ky.No. 1 4-room house on Vine Street $2,000.00No. 2 6-room house on Vine Street 3,500.00No.' 3 8-room house on Cypress Street; 5,000.00No. 4 7-room house on Cypress Street 7,250.00No, 5 6-room house on Seventh Street 7,250.00No. 6-7-room brick on High Street 10,000.00No, 7 6-room brick on Mam Srreet 3,500,00No. 8 4-room brick on Nineteenth Street 2,253.00No. 9 8-room brick on Pleasant Street . 4,500.00No, 10-6-room brick on High Street 5,500.00. ,.. . -..We Have Other City PropertyAlso a Nice List of Farms from 10 to 400 AcresWe would be glad to call for you and show you anyproperty we have listed. SeeB. T. BISHOP or J. H. FLORAwwwBwaaooj50 ACRES50 ACRESBourbon Land Sale at Public AuctionOn the Premises, on the Ruddles Mills Pike, 3 Miles from Paris, onThursday, Feb. 12th, at 10 O'clock A. M.Small farm of 50 acres of unimproved land, all in grass. This land is opposite the farmof R. O. Turner and Is among: the be9t in that section. Lays well and has a beautifulbuilding site on the pike.If purchaser so desires I will sell a good five-acre tobacco barn, newly covered, which ison the line of the adjoining land, and I will give the rent of a seven-room tenant house andhalf the fruit from the orchard of 128 trees to the purchaser of the farm for one year.The purchaser will also have the privilege of tending on the shares ten acres of landaround the house, which is all in old blue'grass sod and which has not been plowed for 14years and which ought to produce according to presentences 1,000 per acre.TERMS 10 per cent, of purchase price on day of sale, 23 1-3 per cent, on March 1,1920. and the balance in four years in four equal payments, or as much cash over one-thirdas desired may be paid.&&J. B. CAYWOODPower of Attorney for Miss Jennie MinterHarris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers Paris, Ky.L. D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.f iM(cml folding bed, plate glass mirror front;l,box couch;1 nice parlor table;Lot of fancy pictures and frames;Rocking chairs;6 dining room chairs;5 gas stoves; -4 druggets;Window curtains;2 white iron beds;2 mattresses; 2 bedsprings;Lot of small rugs; 1 cot;1 old fashioned walnut bed room set;2 dining tables; 2 side tables:1 oak sideboard with plate glass mirror;Nice lot of dishes1 sofa;1 hall hat rack;1 good as new Radiant Air Blast stove:1 water power washing machine;. "1 combination desk and book case;1 coal range; 1 gas range;1 large. kitchen table;2 wardrobes; 2 pairs por tiers;2 small tables; 1 -1 marble top wash stand; tr ;.2 dressers with large mirrors; '1 iron clock; 1 chiffonier; . - ;Kitchen utensils and other things too numerous to mention. v ,TERMS Cash for all household goods.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Real Estate DealersAGENTS FOR HOUSTON RIONExecutor Mrs. J. M. Rion's EstateP UBLIC SAL EHANDSOME RESIDENCEWe, as agents of Houston Rion, executor of the estate of the late Mrs. J. M. Rion, willsell at auctionTuesday, February 10, 1920at 1:30 p. m., the following described property:The handsome 8-room 2-story frame residence located on the east side of Second Street;has bath complete, electric lights, gas and every modern improvement, front and backporches, good cistern. The neighborhood in which this property is located cannot be surpassed; concrete walks, iron fence, a beautiful shaded lawn.Vacant lot, 50x210 feet, stable and buggy house on same. This is among the bestbuilding lots in Paris: will be sold separately and then as a whole.Don't forget the date. This property must be sold to settle the estate.At the same time and place we will sell tne nousenola and kitchen iurniture, as iollows:cejt,V,Vyr FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAjGITHREI'WAR HERO GETSBACK OLD VIGORSUrU Each Day Filled WithEnergy Since TakingVola-TonicI start each day filled with newvigor and energy since I have beentaking Vola-Tonic," said Irvin V. Taylor, ilia Yorkstreet, Newport, Ky.Mr. Taylor isa former regular army soldier and servedduring theWorld War. Heis shown herein uniform."My healthwas cry poorbefore I rookVola-Tonic. Mynerves were outof order andmy stomac htroublod me."I .iur had tow e a r myselfout before 1could get sleepat nignt and irvin taylor.even then my sleep didn't do me anygood. I got up feeling dull and listless and cross."Indigestion troubled me badly andI had constipation to such an extentthat I suffered from bursting headaches. "Remarkable as it may sound. VolaTonic relieved my indigestion almostat once. The constipation is gone alsoand those bursting headaches have disappeared. "I sleep soundly every night now,too, and it is the kind of sleep andrest that refreshes a person."Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength," isthe medicine that lias created such asensation at Cincinnati. It is a wonderful strength-builder and helpsell over.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.wmmmmpMr. J. E. Taylor is seriously illat his home in East Paris.Mrs. E. B. Hedges is visitingher daughter, Mrs. Samuel Biggs,and faimily, in Huntington, WestVirginia.Mrs. R. S. Starks "has returnedto her home in Midway after a visitto her sister, Mrs. Emily Parker, onMain street.Robert Harris has returned tohis home in Hamilton, Ohio, after avisit to his uncle, N. H. Eckler, andMrs. ijickier.Mrs. Boorie Baldwin has returned from Montclair, West Va., whereshe was called by the serious illness of her mother.Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, who is apatient at the Massie MemorialHospital, suffering from an attack ofpneumonia, is greatly improved.Ben Posner, of the shoe firm ofPosner Bros, is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, where heis under treatment for pneumonia.Miss Kate Alexander and Mr.Sam Clay have gone to Eustis,; Florida, to join Mrs. Clay and otherrelatives who are wintering there.Mrs. uan jioya ana aaugnter,i Miss Judith Lloyd, of Germantown,were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs.Garrett Jefferson, on Houston avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas AlvaCrawford, daughters and son, havereturned to their home in Louisville, after a visit to Carl Crawford,in this city.Lew Taylor returned Wednesday morning from a trip to Orlandoand other points in Florida. Mr.Taylor said the Peris people werecongratulating themselves upon having escaped the annoyances and inconveniences caused here by the recent sleet storm. The weatherthere he described as glorious. Hewill return in about two week3 torepiain for a longer visit. All tneBourbon county people in Floridaweie well contented and happy.(Other Personals on Page 5)i oDON'T BE MISLEDParis Citizens Should Read and HeedThis Advice.Brm E a. Ar:oia-iomc;BULDBl "STRENGTHSpecial AgentVarden & Son, DruggistsSuccess is merely a matter of buying our experience and selling it ata profit.WOMEN HERATMANY CLOTHESKidney trouble is dangerous andoften fatal.Don't experiment with -sopnethingnew and untried.Use a tested aiuuejf icmcuj.Begin with. Doan's Kidney. Pills.Used in kidney troubles 50 years.Recommended here and everywhere. xA Paris citizen's statement formsconvincing proof.It's local testimony it can be investi"atd. Mrs. diaries McCord, S. Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different time, getting them frojm Oberdorfer's DrugStore and I have found them a splendid kidney remedy. Whenever mykidneys have acted irregulaily ormy back has been weak and lame, Ihave found a box or so of Doan'sKidney Pills sufficient to cure me ofthe attack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don tsimplv ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the sa?ne thatMr McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o-Don't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk.linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a jnistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)The northernmost cannery in theworld, a fish packing plant, is inoperation in Kotzebue. Alaska, wellwithin the Arctic Circle.oPERIODIC BILIOUS ATTACKSPersons subject to periodic biliousattacks will observe that their appetite fails them just before an attack.That is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it is meal time.If they will eat only a light mealand no meat, then take two orChamberlain's Tablets the attackmay be avoided.(feb-adv)ATTENTION, YOUNG LADIESThe Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company requires more youpg women lolearn Telepnone uperawnu.Wo will teach vou and payyou while learning. Regularand frequent increases arcinsured.We like to employ alert,earnest young women, whoare courteous by nature andhave the ambition to succeedkv Hnintr their work correctly.CUMBERLAND TELtPHUlNt&TELEOKAFn Luwrini.(Incorporated.)Jan'2-tfEmotions of the Inanimate.Advertisement "Clearance sale ofslightly scared pianos." We don'tknow why the pianos should be scared,unless possibly at the prospect of be-i ing jazzed. Boston Transcript..We ought to make a hitChesterfieldGRAND OPERA HOUSEPARIS, KY., ONE! NIGHT ONLYWTTUl"f fl T FEB. T II,, , - W .".)!H llallliilraH 'EBH9E mifliSIBwBBHSIIBBBwHIBBIBWBWPY. J5HB6KllfflKBBl !ffBHJfflW JlrV w ::Mk7 HiBliflHKSSiraHBIHiHH.; ;WBWj-'iwiM'BHiiiiBMWjiMWMaBiF ik & ' iH; , ' BEK? '' ' xiB 9Ev 4Ikvv !(, 4BMW VBBBwMKXSSniDrSsPSflUHrasnB9HHHlK!MHIHHHBff ar jHB- -dHF ' ? tK K Mum tmt H KK " 91HHHHiHBBIB'?VkiHKSnaBSBKfflwSMSJBS' '-vW 'Wit wi. , - w;JBW ' iSSBr - -m r Wb- xw ttMSBSBBBaKlSfSSsBSl 'RJMWllBBKataWMIMaB &7W - W'--'--r 'WB&s , - jb, aKgR - - - &m ..-:- tf;JBBflHV9fHBaHH ' ;pHWHI,i'''t .-- ;-JHiIhbI :. W a-SbmbbbIvBBr ' '- mkXM !' .wraPHnBBflii V Bk- -v - vbIESBBBBSr ?.5?7?BBk' y MB ' MBJBmBMBJBBBBBBH' Bi B: '. BBm ' XL-' BBBBW -' -"' ' WW iViaBBBBHBlWl ' HMr .., -.at ?'&&& - - BBJi. JBBfBBBBBWWBBBgBWrV VBF - B H' V ' BHBWL -.-s;: S 0BBVBBBMnBKSBi KV ' - bVb1 'iDKwjUBIBBHBk. vCVX ? B9BhK BMWvwoJliowKKgBBBBBBBMBBMWBBWjBBgB dBF ' bVBbVbBBHBK oHbbBbVbV. V ' BbVbBbVbbVbBBMlliw $ i: JSR9bs1rbbbb1bbKIIb bHIbbHSlwinwMBl ? rHr dM 8aKBglB8aS8aRWMP8BMBwBiLBaiWMM BBB t BBBBBBBBBBBS- I wIPMmmMKIM n1bbbbbH --ifilliW ;jMMiBffWi -.IbhbbbbHirofewiW- Aii ' BJWKw!allir'BfSia8iffw mSSglsi WKRiyftsSS?3S KnMBjBBBBIBBBBJBBBB jbBt BBHBVbI1-'' .gw mmia; iraEffl-jaBWBV IbbbVbVbb ('yHnTTfnr 'flffTTiTriin PnWfffroW BBBBB rPOSITIVELY BEST SHOW OF THE SEASONFRIVOLII OF 1920?tit:SO PEOPLE, FEATURINGBILLY CLARK s RUTH GOODWINAN EXCELLENT CAST OF PRINCIPALS AND CHORUS OF 35 YOUTHFUL BEAUTIESLexington Opera House Orohestra, Special Scenery, Light Effects, Pretty CostumesPrices 50c to $1.50 Plus War TaxORDER SEATS NOW AT GRAND OR ALAMO BOX OFFICESDOLLAES AND CENTSCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.Counting" it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man may not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better ifshe did.It takes about ten days to set completely rid of a cold under the usualtreatment. That time can be muchshortened by taking- Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and proper care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thisremedy in the house is a mightygood investment during the winterand spring months.(feb-adv)ND why not? Neverwere fine tobaccosso skaifully blended!Chesterfields bring youthe best of Turkish andDomestic leaf, blendedto bring out new delights of flavor. NThere are people who never havea movement of the bowels without itis produced bya cathartic. Most ofthem have brought that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremeant to relieve. A jmild laxativetonic like Chamberlain's Tablets affords a gentle movement of the bow- fels that you hardly realize has been tproduced by a medicine, and theiruse is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.. ( feb-adv )W aUVIPP WW PI M 1laS aaaaaaw ftm. T M.' JAL.aaaaaaliaam LaaaaaaaaWaaaVflTfc7VVjE?Laaaaaaa9P9lpillllillll!llll!illll!ll!IIIli!illlll!llllilill!l!!lll!!illll!!!!lllllllllillllllllllllll!IHIiYou Can't Afford to Drive aMachine With a Shabby Top1 Our Tops Are Perfect1 Our Prices Reasonable 11 Fall City Buggy Top Go.115-119 S. SECOND ST.LOUISVILLE, KY.BRING YOUR MACHINE TO US ailllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllrHFurs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market urice for Furs, Hides, WooI Scrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metajs, etc Also Poultry anaEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERNWE are qualifiedto carry outthe instructions ofthose who employ usbecause of our wideexperience and because of our thoroughly modern equipment. Or service is e fficient and courteous,and we are fair in'all our business dealings.ffllHffM'My.lCT- M'i"s'Successors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, KentuckyThe News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done Riffb-inYimtAthisif-nminwi1i!MpMMMMMVPAGE FOURTHE BOURBONNEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY , 192I vVIAT Y. II. C A. SUNDAY."The Various Angles of the BlueTriangle." Come to the Y. M. C. A.Sunday at three o'clock.NEW CLUB FORMED AT THE Y.M. C. A.Public Renting!We, as agents, will rent at thecourt house door,Wednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,ftt 2:30 p. m., the 67 acres of landlor Mrs. Emma Isgrigg Jacoby, located on the Ruddles Mills pike,about 1 mile from Paris .Improvements consist of a 4-roomtenant house, stable and other outbuildings. The land is as follows:47 acres to be cultivated in corn, 6acres to be cultivated in tobacco, thebalance in grass. For further information, apply to the undersigned-t HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents(6-4t) Paris, Ky.A new club, known as "TheWidower's Club," has been formedat the Y. M. C. A., with the following charter members: J. C. Nickerson, Sherwood Williamson, B. E.Brown, Garrett Jefferson, SherpnanH. Stivers, W. B. Hudsonand C. B. Harrison. Consolation jmeetings are being heldeach evening ofter supper in theY. M. C. A. lobby. No particularbusiness is transacted, but the general situation is discussed.o.CARRIER SERVICE CRIPPLEDLewis Meglone. Eljnier McCordand Warren Morin, regular carrierson the city routes ot tne .raris rostoffice, are victims of the influenza,and are confined to their homes.Their places in the service are beingfilled by substitutes.oBEST GRADES TOBACCO COTTON.Tobacco cotton, all grades, whileit lasts, at Feld's Department Store, i(30-tf)Home For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstreet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights arid otherj modern conveniences. A well-con-istructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back3 50 feet.(6-tf) PA.T COMACK.PUBLIC SALEPublic SaleLivestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc.OP7-Room House in Millersburg, Ky.The owner having decided to move to Paris, we will sell at publicauction,Tuesday, Feb. 17, at 2:30 p. m.,the house of J. H. Collier, situated directly opposite the entrance to thebeautiful grounds of the Millersburg Military Institute.The lot has a frontage of 66 feet and runs back to a depth of approximately 400 feet, and has on it a 7-room house with two halls,hath, pantry, large front porch, hack porch inclosed with glass, frontand hack stairway and two large basement rooms.The house has complete hath and kitchen sink, the plumbing neverfreezing in the most extreme weather, and lias pipeless furnace whichheats the entire house.There is also on the lot two garages, 1 large stable, meat houseand kitchen house, also excellent cistern.t The buildings are all in splendid repair, and the property must beseen to be appreciatedFor further information see Mr. Collier on the premises or call usat our office.TERMS Liberal, HARRIS. & SPEAKES.Home Phone 394; Cumberland 450.We will sell at public auction, tothe highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m.f rain or shine, onWednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,the following described property:One work and driving horse, 7y ears-old ;One work and driving horse, 65 ears-old ;One work and driving horse, 7-years-old;One combined mare, 7 -years-old;One weanling mule colt;Two No. 1 cows, to be fresh onday of sale;One good red yearling heifer;One nice young sow;One new Webber wagon withcombination frame;One new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment;One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, withtruck and three-horse hitch;One cutting harrow, with twohorse hitch;One Bemis tobacco setter, in goodcondition;One good Deering mower;Two steel beam breaking plows,good as new;One new Itastus three-shovelplow;One good five-shovel plow;One good two-shovel plow;One good Moyer road wagon;One top buggy, good as new;Two sets of good buggy harness;Four sets of good farm harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stackand in barn, and fodder in field;One Iimproved Cream Separator,good as new, 600 pounds capacity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture;Lot of hoes, rakes, shovels andether implements useful on thefarm.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.REDMON & MeDUFPY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(6-4t)10 Baby FarmsAt Auction Saturday, February 14thAT 1:30 O'CLOCK P; M.On the premises, one mile from Paris, on the Clintonville pike, and known asthe Clarence Wright laad, and is in old blue grass sod, and has been purchasedby Matt Lair and Stuart Haggard, vrho have laid tjie farm out in small tracts andwill be sold as offered and the purchasers will be sure to get what they buy.No. 1 has 4.621 acres, all in old sod.No. 2 has 4.751 acres all in old sod.No. 3 has 4.939 acres, all in old sod.No. 4 has 5 acres, all in old sod. ',,.- ' .No. 5 has 5.368 acres, all in old sod. ; " .No. 6 has 5.470 acres, all in old sod.No. 7 has 5.587 acres, all in old sod. X "No. 8 has 5.880 acres, all in old sod.No. 9 has 6.334 acres, nearly all in old sod.No. 10 has 6.940 acres, nearly all in old sod.Immediately after selling the 10 baby farms we will sell the 1 1th tract, whichcontains 45.890 acres and is in corn and wheat stubble and adjoins the above smalltracts. All of them face on the Clintonville pike. Each and every one has abeautiful house site. There is no use trying to explain to you just how much youcan make off one of these small farms. All we have to do is to say that this landhas been lying in old blue -grass sod for several years and you can be the judge.Now we are going to sell the above tracts as follows: No. 1 will be sold firstand the purchaser of No. 1 will have the right to purchase No. 2 at the sameprice as paid for No. 1, and this will prevail throughout the sale. This is done inorder that if one thinks he can handle more than one tract, naturally he wouldwant them together. We have subdivided in a way that every investor,no matterhow small, can avail himself of this rare opportunity io own a farm.The terms are 10 cash on day of sale, 23& on March 1st or before, andthe balance of two-thirds may be made in one and two years, deferred paymentsto bear interest at the rate of six per cent., with lien against the land, or the purchaser can pay all cash or as much above one-third as he desires.For further information, apply toMatt Lair and Stuart Haggard, Ownersor Harris & Speakes, Paris Realty Co. or Bishop & Flora, AgentsAny of the above will take pleasure in showing the property.GEORGE D. SPEAKES AND O. M. WYKOFF, AuctioneersDon't forget the day and date, Saturday, February 14th, at 1:30 p. m.AS USUAL, WE WILL HOLD OUROld Reliable Big Cash SaDURING ALL OF FEBRUARY AND MARCHlci . .We do not care to have this sale, butour friends and customers have come tolook upon it as a fixture, so we are puttingit on as usual. Furthermore, it will be heldin the same bona fide, straightforward manner as usual. You will be able to pricegoods to yourself. Every article is markedin plain figures, and your cash sale price is20 LESS THAN THE MARKED PRICEIn this way you know what sort of bargain you are getting. Cplumbia Grafbnolasand Records, Globe-Wernicke Book Casesand Way Sagless Springs are NOT in thissale. If there was ever a time when asale should appeal to you, it is NOW! Goods,are very scarce. Do not. wait ... ,PRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVUnw lMJMirsfor the best.nothing elseSOCIAL AIO) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SAVE A LIFE.There have been at least 100lives saved since the hospitalhas been running. Don't thatpay? Goto any bank in thecounty and give all you ean.oAH IKTEBESTING MEETINGCome to the Red Triangle ofthe Y. M. C. A. to hear about theBlue Triangle of the Y. W. C. A.,Sunday at three o'clock.oSTEW AUTO HEM.W. S. Hughes, of Paris, has purchased the interest of Ira Robertsin the Paris Garage, automobiledealers, and the business will becontinued at the old stand by Mr.Hughes- and Harold Roberts. Mr.Hughes some time ago sold his mercantile business at Osgood, thiscounty and moved to Paris to reside.Mr. Kughes has assumed his dutieswith the new concern.TEN OVERCOATS FOR SALEJust ten overccats going for$13.50. "Make it snappy, men."L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street.(fc-b3-tf)ALL KINDS DBESSED PISH TODAY AND T0-M0EE0WWe will have all kinds of nicefrefali fish for to-day and to-morrow.We dress and prepare thepn readyfor cooking free of charge. All ourfieh and oysters are kept in a perfectly sanitary way. Buy of us andet the best.MARGOIaENS' SANITARY MEATMARKET.(A meat shop that don't smell likeone.)THE HOSPITAL FUND.There are lots of repairsneeded badly at the hospital,that have been put off fromtime to time. They are absolutely necessary now. Pleasesubscribe now.REGARDING SUNDAY OPENINGOF THE MOVIES.Chas. P. Cook; of C. P. Cook &Co., is confined to his home with anattack of grippe.Edwin Bedford, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla., is a guest of Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr, near Paris.'Miss Sara Power has returnedto her school duties at Science HillAcademy, in Shelbyville, after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. HenryA. Power, in this city.S. E. McClanahan, superintendent of bridges and buildings for theLouisville & Nashville, .is confinedto his home on Eleventh street, .withan attack .of lagrippe.Lauthman Woods returned tohis school duties at St. Marys College, Wednesday, after a visit to hismother, Mrs. Jack Woods, and family, on Eighth street.Little Belle Brent Woodford,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. BucknerWoodford, is ill at the home of herparents on Main street.H. H. Hancock, of the L. & N.train dispatcher's forces, anddaughter, Miss Virginia, are convalescing from an attack of influenza,at their home on Main street.Mrs. Charles S. Ball is ill ofpneumonia at her hojme on the Maysville pike, near Paris. Her daughter. Miss Charlina Ball, is slightlyimproved from a rdcent illness.Clifton Arnsparger, who hasbeen in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville, at Hazard, forsome time, has taken a position asclerk in the First National Bank.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Willis, ofParis, have been visiting theirdaughter, Mrs. Vaughn Drake, andMr. Drake, in Winchester, for sevceral days."Danville Messenger: "Mr. Edwin Thopnas has returned fromNorth Middletown, where he spentthe week-end .... Mrs. Edward Hin-ton, of Paris, visited her daughter,Miss Elmeta Hinton, at K. W. C. thelatter part of. the past week."William Clarke, chief clerk inthe Paris postoffice, is confined tohis home with a severe cold. Thismakes the fourth active mepnber ofthe local postoffice force on the sicklist, seriously handicapping thework of distributing and handlingmail.James W. Colliver and family,who have been guests of the former's(mother, in this city, the past week,have returned to their home in Gassaway, West Virginia. Mr. Colliver,who is purchasing agent for the J.C. Pennoyer Co., of Chicago, is aThe suggestion conveyed in thelast issue of THE NEWS regardingThe possibility of opening the moviehouses on Sunday afternoon seemsto have struck a popular chordamong Paris people. THE NEWShas been the recipient of many' congratulations upon taking the matterup, and many of them were frcpiipeople who are regular church attendants. One Paris woman said:"There could be no .possible objection to such a picture program,provided the subjects were in keeping. Such educational pictures ashave been exhibited at the Grandrecently, notably the Screen Magazine, the Prizma pictures, theHolmes travel pictures, and othersthat might be named, would not beobjectionable. I hope the movementwill be successful, and that we canhave the Suuday movies as well asother places. If we permit Sundayafternoon "sacred concerts" we canstand the movies, I think, withoutserjously straining our morals."brother of C. E. Colliver, local agentofN the American Express Company.'Mr. and Mrs. Lee Price havegone to Martinsville, Indiana, for ashort sojourn.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mitchell areill of grippe at their home onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett M Dickson and grandsons, are able to beout after a short illness of grippe.,Miss Flora Gates, nurse in the,surgical ward at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is recovering from asevere illness.Mrs. John Eldridge, of nearParis, who recently underwent anoperation at the Massie MemorialHospital for appendicitis, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern willleave this week for an extendedvisit to relatives and friends inBirmingham, Alabama.Miss Belle Ogden, who has beena -natient at the Massie MemorialHospital, was able to return to herhome yesterday, greatly improved.Miss Belle Horton left Wednesday for Nashville, Tenn., where shewill be a guest for several weeks ofMrs. Fielding Gordon, formerly MissRuth Morgan, of Paris.The cotillion which was to havebeen given Saturday afternoon bythe dancing class of Mrs. White Varden, has 4 been postopned until alater date on account of the illnessof a number of the pupils.(Other Personals on Page 3.)Fresh CowsI have for sale 10 first-class Jersey cows, fresh.M. J. MURPHY,(6-2t) Murphy's Stock Yards.LOSTBetween Twelfth street and 121Duncan avenue, a baby's white furneckpiece. Finder leave at thiscffice and receive reward. (It)For Sale.On the Ford farm, on the Clintonville pike, from 250 to 300 barrels of corn, picked and cribbedearly before the rains.(C-2t-pd) JAS. B. WOODFORD.WantedTo lease a modern four or fiveroom cottage, for possession April1. Apply to THE NEWS.(6-2t-pd)REPORT OP THE CONDITION OP THEPeoples Deposit Bank ana trust go.Doing business at the town of Paris. County of Bourbon, State of Kenlucky, at the close of business on 30th day of January, 1920.-, Si-o-A REAL SPECIAL,Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pouhiJii" while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.RESOURCES- -Loans and Discounts $1,264,140.28Overdrafts, secured and unsecured -i. 15,032.60;;Stocks, Bonds and other Securities.-. 125,094.63Due from Banks 226,081.37Cash on hand 29,684.32Checks and other cash items 24,10659Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 12,001.00Other Real Estate .00Other Assets not included under any of the above heads.. 580.00,,. 'Total $1,696,720.79"'LIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in, in cash $ 150,000.00Surplus Fund .' 100,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and laves .paid 11,690.41Deposits subject to check $1,209, 566.36Time Certificates of Deposit ' 1,848.00Time Deposits , i . , . . . , . , . . 203,741.44Cashier's 0'aXa mitstandme .. .. 3.103.78 'Uisocoko2,lo Banks and Trust Companies -,,.. . . ' 16'043!86Notes and Bills Rediscounted t . . . . .00Unpaid Dividends 1 .00Reserve for taxes , .00Bills Payable .00Other Liabilities not included under any of above heads.. 727.00Attend the rion sale February 10.One, of the best residences in thecity is the home of the late Mrs. Jos.M. Rion, on Second street "This, together with the furnishings, will beoffered at public sale Tuesday, February 10, at 1:30 p. m., by Harris &Speakes, agents for Houston Rion,executor. Read the advertisementin this issue of THE NEWS.$1,696,720.79Total,STATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set.We, S. E. Bedford and C. K. Thomas, President and Cashier ofthe above named Bank, do solemnly4 swear that the above statement istrue to the best of our knowledge and "belief.S. E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier,fiiii-icr.rihed and sworn to before ane this 5th dav of February. 1920.NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public.My Commission expires January 23, 1924.TO SPEAK ON Y. W. C. A. WORKSUNDAY AFTERNOONOn Sunday afternoon at threeo'clock, Miss Agnes Hill will speakat the Y. M. C. A. on the Worldoorvinp Program of the Young Wo-mens Christian Association. ,Fortwenty-five years Miss Hill was International Secretary for the Y. W.C. A. She is in the United Statesfor only a few months, expecting toreturn to her work in India the lastof this month.The Y. W. C. A. is at this timeengaged in an educational campaignall over the United States, the object being to inform the public inregard to the work of the organiza,tion. In Bourbon county the campaign is under the auspices of theBourbon County Federation of Womens' Clubs.The Y. W. C. A. is the largest organization of wojmen in the world.During the war ft was the only organization of women requested bythe Government to do war work.. Itdoes special work for all girls andyoung women in cme, wiicountry and colleges. It doesspecial work for certain groups ofgirls such as Indian girls, coloredgirls and foreign born girls. It hasestablished associations in thlrtycoumtries of Europe, Asia, Africaand South America.Much has been heard in Bourboncounty of the Red Triangle of theY M C. A. On Sunday afternoonthe opportunity will be given to nearof the Blue Triangle of; the Y. w.C. A.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEBourbon-Jftriculttiral Bank $ trust Co.doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 30th day of January, 1920.RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts $1,176,179.96Overdrafts, secured and unsecuredStockes, "Bonds and other Securities .. ....... ..Due frqm BanksCash on handChecks and other cash itemsBanking House, Furniture and FixturesOther Real EstateOther Assets not included under any of above headsTotalLIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in, in cash ; . jSurplus Fund . . . ? . .- ....Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paidDeposits subject to check $1,X25,455.70 . .Demand Certificates of Deposit. . . . 4,57728Time Deposits .-. - 172,049:32 .Certified Checks ' .00Cashier's checks outstanding . . . . 200.00Due Banks and Trust CompaniesNotes and Bills RediscountedUnpaid Dividends . .Reserve for taxesBills Payable .. .-. ...-.. .. .,--.. -, -. . . .. ..Other Liabilities not included under any of above heads. .6,631.0839,802.38387,698.2823.757.4030,517.7915,500.00.00.00$1,680,086.89$ 200,000.00125,000.0029,590.921,302,682.3016,628.45.00.006,185.22.00.00Total $1,680,086.89STATE OF .KENTUCKY,Countv of Bourbonr-Sct. ' ,We, John T. Collins and Bucknr Woodford, President and Cashierof the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statementis true to the best 6f our knowledgecn -belief.JNO. T: COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me thisth day of February, 19203ERNARD SANTEN, Notary Public: " ' " " "C."My Comjmission Expires December 27, 1923.Coats and DressesFor the9School Girlm. r' dBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at $12.98$17.50 Coats at $13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at. ......!,. : $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75$39.50 Coats at $27.50Belted or straight models in Plum, Wine, Brown, Blue, Taupesome with' collars of fur.School DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred materials are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12,50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.00 Models at $19.75$29.50 Models at $24.75Just right for the school roomHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.S&VINO ON OVERCOATSYou don't feel as if ydii heed ah over-rat tVi fin watitfai An VOll? S&You don't but back of this we aremighty apt to have a cold snap andthenWell, this is where, we stand in goodwith our overcoats at reduced prices !Prepare for the rest of this winterand the next by coming in to-day and selecting one of these coats.Latest StylesNewest FabricsAnd Values Oh, Boy! They'reGreat! Come in and See forYourself.$22.50 Overcoats cut to .' $ 1 7.2525.00 Overcoats cut to 1 9;7530.00 Overcoats cut to 24.7532.50 Overcoats cut to 27.7535.00 Overcoats cut to 29.7537.50 Overcoats cut to 32.2540.00 Overcoats cut to 34.7542.50 Overcoats cut to 37.2545.00 Overcoats cut to 39.7550.00 Overcoats cut to :. 44.7552.50 Overcoats cut to 47.2560.00 Overcoats cut to 54.7565.00 Overcoats cut to .'. 59.75i.-.y.."-. .: i&SJnfflSSBSSKSSSSSH&S MS8wy3&S88&!Kz833HnttlK&:Sra$xCopyright. 1919, A. . Kirschbaunj Conjw$y7th and MainR. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.iI hmnht ,4!J imst )I1'!mMMltH;mrlllie!-J .-MaiMMOli- flPAGBSIXTOT BOURBON NKWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKYNl-flfif' Wpv'WHAT A WELL-KNOWNKENTUCKY WOMANSAYSFrankfort, Ky.: "I consider Dr. Pierce's'fcvorite Prescription the best tonic awoman can tnke.I have been goingdown in health forBorne time. I wasweak and nervousand in poor healthgenaraUy. Just recently I began takingthe 'Favorite Prasecription' and theresults are vary gratifying to me. I amgetting stronger andmy health has improved in everyway."U HS. STELLA WHITE, 514 Wilkerson St.Advice for MothersCovington, Ky.: "For the expectantmother there is no tonic in the world sobeneficial as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre.Bcription. I took this medicine for severalmanths during expectancy and had comparatively no suffering. My baby wasstrong and hardy and I had no after trouble.I also took Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellete toladp my system regulated and I believethat they prevented hemorrhoids for Ialways had this trouble when I had nottaken the 'Pellets'. m It is a pleasure torecommend such satisfactory and reliableremedies as Dr. Pierce's and I have nohesitancv in sending my testimonial."MRS. LYDA OCHS, 12SE. 13th St."Weak and Nervous"Lexington, Ky.: "Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription is by far the best medicino forwomen that I have ever taken. I do notknow of a medicine I could recommend for awoman to take as I can tliis medicine. Ihave taken it to build me up when run-downand in a nervous state and consider it thebest nerve builder and the most lasting ofany I ever tried. 'Favorite Prescription' isexcellent for women to take during expectancy also during middle life; in fact, it is aperfect woman's medicino and is worthy ofany praise I can give it." MRS, ELLENFRONK, 608 Breckenridge.BACK TO THE OLD MELODIESJazz is dying a natural death, according to the reports. It is stillleard in many of the cabarets, especially the cheaper ones, but thelatest and "most fashionable" songsare in the nature of the old-timemelodies, and far removed from thejazzing that crazed the world ofBroadway a few brief months ago.It would be a glorious thing forthe gray haired people of this country to have the song and musicwriters adopt the slower, sweetermelodies of the past, or somethingakin to thepi. We believe that itwould also rejoice the hearts of theyounger generation, for while thereis something about jazz music whichstirs the jungle blood of youth thereis more in the softer strains of thedreamy music of fifty years ago.It may be pleasant to hear thatwhich reminds one of the shade ofthe forests and the moan of a dyingenemy of another tribe like jazzbut the soothing harmony of thetwilight of the Nile as it ripples intoihe sea is also comforting.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is atleast one dreaded disease that science has been able to cure in all itsstages and that is catarrh. Catarrhfceing greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally andacts through the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system therebydestroying the foundation of thedisease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials, iAddress F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75 c. (feb-adv)SPENT EVERYOTHER DAY INBED SIXYEARSBut Paris Woman Never Has SickHeadache Since TakingVola-TonicWKO?2Ey BACKw.ihour qucstionif Hunt .bainfails i: the treatment of EczemaTetter. Ringworm, Itch, etDon't become disc otireced because otner treatments failedHunt'aSftlve has relieved l:undreds of such cases You can'tlose on our Money UarhGuarantee. Trv it at our iittTODAY Price 75c at, For Sale byL. OBERDORPER,Druggist, Paris, Ky."For six years I spent everyother day in bed with the sick headache, but since I've been takingVola-Tonic I haven't had a singleattack of sick headache," said Mrs.Florence Parker, of 246 Harmonavenue, Paris."My nerves were all torn topieces. I couldn't sleep at night orget the proper rest. My body wouldtingle all over at times like a person's hand or foot tingles when itjgoes to sleep."I couldn't find anything thatwould help the headaches or mynerves."Vola-Tonic has brought me wonderful relief. I haven't had a singleattack of the sick headache since Istarted taking Vola-Tonic and mynerves are improved greatly, also. Ican go to sleep at once when I go tobed at night now and T get goodrest."I njtn glad of the oppoitunity torecommend such a medicine as VolaTonic." Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"brings the weakened, run downman or woman a good appetite andgood digestion. It helps the stomach take strengthening nutritionfrom food to nourish and biuld upi the body all over. Vola-Tonic alsohelps the nerves and permits sound,energy-restoring sleep at night. Asa result, full normal strength andhealth soon returns, to the weakened, run down jman or woman.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is being specially introduced in Parisby Varden & Son, druggists, (adv)ft Nothing wrong with our balance!Chesterfield99HEright balanceof costly Turkishand choice Domestictobaccos, proportioned by expertsthat's why Chesterfields "satisfy!".flBk I Zi. 9i , FBk. H iV iL oc7')iiVP9099lg"usiLiJgg"gg"ggg"5grr'?i:tt.j.!.iLiH.mmniuiiimiiniThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectric Irons, Chafine:Dishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, gg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery."GET. THEM ALLHERET. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE4Big Value in Tires forSmall CarsmmA ',1AAA (iuhiMvsW !f ft1 u j? i yj w..WAjiKVunnaaiiiiiwiiiiiiiiuiiiMMtinni:mMuimHiiiiMfflmumiiMtimwiwminiinniiimiuiiiiiMBack of the manufacture of Goodyear Tiresfor small.cars is the same purpose to supplyhigh value in the product that is behindthe manufacture of the Goodyear Tires thatequip the most expensive automobiles builtThis purpose is expressed by the enormousresources, extraordinary skill and scrupulouscare applied to the manufacture of GoodyearTires in the largest tire factory in the worlddevoted solely to the 30x3', 30x3 '2- and31x4"inch sizes.The effect cf this endeavor is noted in thefact that last year more cars using these sizeswere factory-equipped with Goodyear Tiresthan vAtl any other kind.It is also noted in the fact that, if you own aFord; Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell or other carrequiring the sizes mentioned, you can secureGoodyear Tires and Goodyear Heavy TouristTubes at the nearest Goodyear Service Station.I&h.itTAW TO Ufa III;oodveaic30 x 3J Goodyear Double-Cure b "r0Fabric, All-Weather Tread Zj30x3Vj Goodyear Single-CureFabric, Anti'SIud Tread$1765Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes 'are thick, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with, acheap tube? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes cost little morethan tubes of less merit. 30x3V sire in water' $"590proof &ag.... , ,.,.....,l, , ., .. ,IMARINE SERGEANTFOUGHT FOR BREATHWas So Sun Down He Could HandlyDress Himself In PerfectHealth Now, He Says.THY TO STOP GREAT NATURALGAS WASTE."It has taken only one bottle ofTanlac to put me back on my feetfeeling like a new man," said AlfredA. Wells, of 628 North Eighthstreet, Richmond, Va., a sergeant inthe Marine Corps, stationed at therecruiting office in Richmond."I was in a bad fix when I begantaking Tanlac," continued Mr.Wells, "and I was so weak I couldhardly dress myself of mornings. Ihad such a poor appetite that I didnot care whether I went to thetable or not, and the little I did eatdisagreed with jme.. The pains inmy stomach were something awfuland gas would press up around myheart until I thought I wouldsmother and I would just have tofight to get my breath. At timesthe gas would cause shooting painsin the region of my heart, and Iwould get so dizzy I would have tohold on to something to keep fromfalling over. I was badly constipated and could get but little relieffrom laxatives. I was so nervousthat the least unexpected noisewould excite me, and it was next toimpossible for me to get any sleep.I would roll and tumble and wouldbe uncomfortable in every positionI tried, and when morning came youcan imagine how completely tiredout I was."Thi3 was the condition I was in:when I started ..taking Tanlac, but,it is a fact, I began to feel better after the first few doses, and I kept onimproving so fast that by the time Ifinished my first bottle I was absolutely in perfect health. I eat everything I please and as much as Iplease and am never troubled withindigestion in any form. I ajm entirely free of nervousness and I amno longer constipated. When I go tobed now, I sleep all night long assound as a child and of mornings 1just smply feel fine. I certainlyhave cause to praise Tanlac and Igive it my hearty endorsement without hesitating one minute."Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy. (adv),Means of curtailing the presentenormous waste of natural gas byconsumers as . well as in the fieldsand in transmission will be considered at a conference of State Governors, public utility commissioners,geologists, operators of natural gasproperties and appliance manufacturers, called by Secretary Lane toconvene in Washington.Mr. Lane, in a letter to those invited t'o the conference, said domestic consumers waste mroe than 80per cent, of the natural gas received. The efficiency of most gasappliances, he declared, could be"trebled,"' and it should be possibleto curtail greatly waste in the fieMs..Krfll&toScientific Research.Philip, who had received as a birthday present a beautiful new raiscroscope, presently astounded the cookwith the exclamation: "Hey, cook,lend me a flea, will you? I'll give itback to you in three minutes!"SEBQ&There Is no monotony like thatwhich denies us q, little change inthe pocket. -A SpecialPurchase-OP-Men's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while ' our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreI. W0LLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetJCoffee Prices Are UpJ3utThere 's JSTo JRaz'seIn Jrfce OfINSTANTSTUMTry this delicious tabledxinlc of coffee -likef Mvor in place of yournext pound of coffee.'Note live satisfaction.,not only to -purse tartto Ivealth., axvd yoixTlcontinue to di-inbothis delightful familyleyerae ."There's a. RzqsozlMade by Postum Cereal CompanyBattle Creek . Michigan .mmmw--.T -r,:3aa,M-' 3--,-.-S3ZtetHeadquarters For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mixed feed: also whit nnt oria fertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone SS7Warehouse Home Phene 257Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices---'FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPA61SBYXN'V i9NOW FREEFROM PAINlydia L PiikWs VegetableCompound Frees AnotherWoman Froat Smff ering.Bayonne, N. J. "Before iwna married I suffered afreet deal with Deriodi-ii pains. I badPAPER SEES THEATREREFORM TARGET.NEXTwaaipains m my tide andback and aleo beadaches, and got aoweak I could not doanything. I tookLydiaETPinkham'aegetable Gom-and aooaxetttier. Now I ammarried and hattwo little boys. Be-f ore the first onecame I was weaknervous, could not eat and wasdizzy. After I tooktbe Vegetable Compound I could work and eat Now Iam strong and reconmend your xnedidnetomy friends, "lira. Anna Sleva,25 East 17th Street, Bayonne, N. J.Women who reeorer their health, natcrafly tell others what helped them.Some write and allow their names andphotographs to be published with testimonials. Many more tell their friends.If you need a medicine for women'sailments, try that well known andsuccessful remedy Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. WriteLydia E. Pinkh&m Medicine Co. (confidential) for anything you need toknow about these troubles.Concern lest the theatre be nextattacked by "prohibition" reformers is expressed in the current number of Equity, the official organ ofthe Actors Equity Association, circulated in New York."The hectic spirit of 'reforon is inthe air," says the publication. "Thelottery evil had to go; horse racingfaces the prospect of being completely suppressed; dancing in public places has been interfered with asa reputed evil; 'the evil of smoking' is being made much of, and. thetheatre must be prepared toto besingled out as the next on the .listof 'social excresences' to be attacked." oCOMRADES ALL!AMEaBAYER11INASPIRINISNECA3PTRILL RESIGNS FROMTIONAL COMMITTEE.NA-TIip Kentucky Democratic members of Congress met in Washingtonand received the resignation of Representative James Campbell Cantrillas Democratic jmember of the National Democratic CongressionalCommittee. Representative A. B.Rouse, of the Covington district,was unanimously elected to fill thevacancy.GET READYFOR "FLU"Keep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calotabs,the Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are De-Jightful, Safe andSure.Safe,Proper Directions In"Bayer" Package.EachThe "Bayer Cross" stamped ontablets means you are getting true"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" provedsafe by millions of people the genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for over eighteen years.In every handy "Bayer" packageare proper directions for Colds,Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuritis and for Pain generally. Tin boxes of 12 tablets, cost onlya few cents. Druggists also selllarger "Bayer" packages. Aspirin isthe trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid. (adv)One of the criticisms sometimesmade of fraternal societies is thatthey breed selfishness and lead topartiality. Members are sometimesaccused of pulling wires for the advancement of one of their numberwhen someone else not a member oftbe society is more worthy of promotion and more entitled to support.There is one such organizationagainst which no such charge willlie, although the members will "gothe limit" in helping one anotherwhen it is" not to the advantage inpreference to someone else who doesnot deserve to be discriminatedagainst.The American Legion puts thewelfare of the United States abovethat of its members, and the Legionnaries demonstrated that this profession on their part was not anempty vaunt when they offeredtheir lives to the country during thewar.There should not be any misunderstanding, therefore, of movements in the Legion such as thatnow under way to find positions forunemployed members. Brothers, inarms, the Legionnaires are nowcomrades in civil life, and as suchnaturally will do what they can topromote their mutual welfare. Butwhile the former soldiers are clannish, they are not selfish, and no apprehension need be entertained thatin advancing one another's intereststhey will do so at the expense of therest of the people. Their fundamental tenets prohibit such acourse.LEE m .rfsasai m rm mI p 0) MmCIGARETTEa ,.... i.K4i4.M'4"Ii"KILL-JOYS".t.. ''GASOLINEI'hvsu'ians and Druggists mo advising their i'riomls to keep thoir systemspiullu-d :md. their organs in perfectworking older as a protection :ig:iinstthe lot urn or influenza. J hoy lcuowthat a. dogged, up system and a lazyli er fa or colds, influenza and seriouscomplications.To cut short a cold opruight and topn-vont serioiis complications take oneCalolnh at bedtime with a swallow of-nai.T that's all. No salts, no nausea,no "i-iping, no fiic-kciiui? after effects.Icxt im.rnin your cold has vanished,-lour liver is net he, your sytem is puriiird and iefie&hcl :uil you arc fuelingtinp with a hearty appetite for breaking Eat whut you plea no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originaltoaled p:i'kag'K. price thirty-five cents.Kverv d'.urrgist is authorized to refundvour" monev if you are not perfectlydelighted -with Calotabs. (Adv.)TAKESJUMP.'ANOTHERGasoline has taken another upward jump. Effective Sunday, theprice was advanced one cent pergallon, according to advices received by the local branch agency ofthe Standard Oil Company. This isthe second advance of one cent inthe last fifteen days, and the thirdadvance since December. The upward tendency of crude oil is givenas the cause of the increase, and itis predicted by those in a position toKnow that both crude oil and gasoline will go much higher by July 1.oThe Moon and the Horizon. -Accordingto astronomers it is owing to the atmosphere and the factthat lyintr low in the line of the earthit is unconsciously compared with other objects, that makes the moon looklarger. Just as soon as the moon risesin the heavens and we look up to itwithout intervening or surroundingobjeets. it diminishes in apparent size.o"When a sheep was being shorn onan Australian farm a starling's nestwith one egg was found in its wool.Constipation, Headache, fI Colds, Biliousness ended Iwith "Cascarets". ?l.tm.i.ti.iiii)iHittiHiitm-itiiM t ntiitnfNothing takes the ioy out of lifequicker than a disordered liver orwaste-clogged bowels. Don't staysick, bilious, headachy, constipated.Remove the liver and bowel poisonwhich is keeping your head dizzy,your tongue coated, your breathbad and stomach . sour. Why notspend a few cents for a box of Cascarets and enjoy the nicest, gentlestlaxative-cathartic you ever experienced? Cascarets never gripe, sickenor inconvenience one" like Salts, Oil,Calomel or harsh pills. They workwhile you sleep. (adv)O'A United States General says the""ET a package today.; No-tice the flavor the wholesome taste of Kentucky Burleytobacco.Why do so many "regularmen" buy Lucky Strikecigarettes? They buy themfor the special flavor of thetoasted Burley tobacco.There's the big reason it'stoasted, and real Burley. MakeLucky Strike your cigarette.toastedp Guaranteed byThis JryvUsn4j$ctA cfriFOR THE CHILDREN.Too much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful drug andmost effectual in curing their coldsand coughs. Long experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. ItcioTiincr nf fhp nrTYiicifinp hv fhp n.l liftsw.to..i..t, v. v.. . j - .-.... .:v. ..-. 4.-1was a blunder. It was if it was the 10 "" "" "y .mutueia.idea that it would end the war. (feb-adv)IXHXS1GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.':8ft999tt99cREDUCED PRICESONClover and AlfalfaHayBuying in large quantities hasenabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a special price on our preseut stock ofhay. Phone your order before vour stock is sold.Perry, McCann & Mitchell jBoth Phones 84aBBBBBBBBBBaagWWBBBaaBBBilBii Jm&w&ft ;.iifBHII!aaaaaaaMMaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaW,llWilllHMMHKHIaaaaHllaa1laaaallsffWBHHBaaalalfeigiil ' ' aKHiRaaala WBKBES&sjSmSiSSKm "'.., aaaaaaanHaHaaaaaaBaBMySaaaaio aaaaaaMraKJfyJ8aiBraj5! BaBaaaaiBmRaaaaaaaasaa9lBl9BBSBa1SKsaaaalMBMBKWBiiMiB8B33Kp"BWMsBMfflaBwgBMMBWfc .$. . BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBBaaBBlWSlMLECIOoll .,..-1... k BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalaaaaaaaaaaalifflianaaBaaBaaaaaaaiBo-- waaaaaaHBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalIBMfMMMKitfiWinM LvaaVBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalaaWaHBaBaBBSBSPSBaaaaaaaaBaaaaSIJ 'fJJaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaVIMHBHIliiBlMMEfc . - .4aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalBaaaaaaHHnBaaaaaPfilBaa9BaaaaaaaaaVaaaaaaaaaSiaaaaaasBE&LaaaaaaaaaaaafittBaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam: '-'"iBaaaaaaaPic.BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaaaaNBaaaaaaaaaaaSDamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaWsMK' s- , """"j. laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalBaaaaaaaaTBHBaaaaaaaaaaaHBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaHttaa 2-.MrBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaVBaaaaaaaBBaaaaaaaaBaaaaBaBaWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaW - iteSiitBBIIDBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaMBaaaaaaaaaaalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaffHaTfaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaEBBaBaBaBaBaBBaaaVli3ttf5BBaaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaBKBa3HBBBMBBBBffWffaBBMryJfeBgniBMlBjBajWBls BBBaBaBBHBBBBaaaBaBK9liBBISBaaaaBaaHBaaaBaBlBBaBaBaBaaaBaaHBaaKBBaaaaaaBaaBBaaaBaBaBaBaafi9Bam BBBBaaHlallSBaaaaaBaaBaBaBaBaBaBaVBaaBa5 SSXTiisWBaiCTE: -BKf,yy ;E!MaMB9HBBllBbii i a " ' BiJBBBP'BMllifP'n fflJaaJaBaaMBBaBaaoBair r?iKmmmmmmmimmmmamKT9wKnHMmamBlmtM&KJUBUHA, FAMOUS ITALIAN VJ.OIINIST, WHO WILL APPEAR WITH "HHVOUTIES 1920," SATUBDAY. EEBEUAEY 7THMaMhrfv.ifhmHVf'!Im'IXAii;?.'X!1'J.JJSTk1r'.h4!SITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY f, 1920.rvTHF Al AMfl A (til DADK tTiDAlUll II A J:.-.:. Adults 27c plus 3c war tx 30c. A-mm-mi m- ll1' riviv vivrmiir nUllllDdlUllChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cc TODAY, FRIDAYH. B. WARNERin "Haunting Shadows"If y6h have read "The House of aThosand Candles"-you must see.-.thispicture.ALAMO AFTERNOON AND NIGHTTomorrow, SaturdayBessie BarriscaleMonday, Feb. 9thWALLACE REIDin "The Lottery Man"Why worry about thT :gh .cost ofliving when you can buy a husbant for adollar? , , ....."."ALSO A CUCKOO COMEDY"Starting Out in Life"and Burton Holmes Travel Picture.IN'The Woman Michael Married9JAMES j! CORBETTIn the last episode of"THE MIDNIGHT MAN"and Comedy, "It's a Hard Life"AnnouncementI PEARL WHITE in The Black Secret'and Mutt and Jeff Comedy"The Prize right"FA6E EIGHTStudebaker1IiffIkSj Pregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EvefiingMILLERSBURGBorn, on Monday, to Mrs. C. H.Carrington, at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, ahandsome daughter.Mrs. "W. M. Miller has sold toMr X. W. Current her property onmMain street, occupied by Mr. M. E. on Sick and Relief, R. M. Caldwell, unable to secure an extension of hisPruett and family. Price private, j G- W. Bramblett and Earl Plummer. furlough, and was compelled to re-j Attention is directed to the ad- turn to his post a short time beforeThe following appointed offi-' vertisement in the issue of the pub- her death. She is also survived "bycers and cqmmittees of Amity JLodgeNo. 40, F. & A. M.f haye been madeby the new Master, Carlton Ball:Stewards, D. E. Clarke and W. G.Suggs; Chaplain, M. E. Pruett;Trustees, R. C. Borner, W. A. Butlerimd F. E. Peterson; Committee onFinance, J. H. Burroughs, A. S.Miller and V. L. Barton; CommitteeREPORT OFFarmers Bank, Miller sburg, Ky.At the Close of Business, January 30, 1920.RESOURCES:Xoans $523,327.07Overdrafts 12,703.77Cash and Due from Banks 304,095.45Banking House 6,000.00yTotal $846,126.29f: LIABILITIES:Capital Stock $30,000.00Surplus Fund . . . r . . . -. - ' 26,731.29Ihie to Bank ....." 2,647.71Deposits 786,747.29Total $846,126.29SANFORD ALLEN Cashier.i lie sale on Tuesday, February one sister. Mrs. Bell. . of Detroit.17, of the residence of J. H. Collier, .Mich., and three brothers, Rev. Dr.who is shortly to move to Paris to E. G. B. Mann, of Lexington, Fletchreside. The sale will be conducted ! er Mann, of Lexington, formerly ofby Harris & Speakes, Paris real Paris, and Rev. Luther Mann, ofestate agents. This is a very desir- j Brinley, Arkansas,able home. Read the ad in this The funeral was held at the fainissue of THE NEWS. I ily home on Ferguson street at tenOur little city was filled with o'clock Wednesday morning, withconsternation Tuesday morning, j bervices conducted by Rev. C. H.when it was learned that there j Grear, pastor of the Paris Methodistwere several cases of flu, scarlet fe- church. The body was taken tover and mumps at the M. M. I., and ' Carlisle, for interment in thy Car-f Iffl SWCTWCT8'dillJdiqi'.'- h-niHrj,, .m-Ji-uiaimSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you oi your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectThey are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.from.HOur painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for,LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the be3tmaterials used.KANE BROS.Heme Phcnt 399PARIS, KENTUCKY(till July 1)that school would adiourn indefinitely at noon. As soon as schooladjourned the streets were full ofcadets, many of them going intorthe various business houses. Twonurses are employed in the M. M. I.to take care of the sick, who werenot able to go to their hqmc.x Themain thing for which Col. Best iscondemned is in permitting- the carets to go about over the town af1er they were dismissed at noonTuesday. While the ban was on in1018 and 1919, Col. Best kept hi?school under strict quarantine.The student body were not allowedon ihe streets except when out on ahike, and no one was allowed to enter the grounds. In this Col. Bestwas successful and the flu was prevented from entering the institution. We regret exceedingly that itwas necessary for the school to closeThere is no reason under existingcircumstances why we should nothave an epidemic of both flu andscarlet fever, as both are prevalentin the institution and as quite anumber of our boys were day pupilsand many of thejm boarding students. oDEATHS.LAYSON.Mrs. Wallace Layon, a formerresident of Millersburg, died Wednesday in Missouri, after a Ions: illness diie to a' complicatipn of dis-eases-."Thebody will arrive in Parislo-morrow morning, and will betaken from the Louisville & Nashville train to Millersburp:, for interment in the Millersburg Cemetery,-where services will be conducted atihe graveside.lisle Cemetery.o-MATRIMONIAL.Lewis .Campbell Brown, 38, antfMrs. Mabel Bramel, 31, both of theHutchison precinct, were granted amarriage license Tuesday by County Clerk Pearce' Paton.BODKIN GARRISON. ,- .. .Miss Lillian Bodkin and Win.Ellis Garrison,- both of Bourboncounty, who secured marriage licensehere Monday, were married inGeorgetown, Tuesday afternoon, atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. F. W. Eberhardt, pastor of theBaptist church.oBIRTHS.,. In Millersburg, to the wife ofCharles Carrington. a daughter,christened Mary McDaniel.'l .It is just as well to bear in mindthat nobody -has yet made a -lastingreputation- by predicting the end offheworld. . , iWUntil further notice we willhave our temporary headquarters at the CITIZENSGARAGE, (opposite Windsor Hotel) We will have theNew Studebaker CarsOn DisplayWe heve arranged to giveservice on STUDEBAKERCARS and all owners orprospective owners are invited to call and inspectour new models.Beautiful in designThoroughly modernMechanically rightCord EquippedTHMcDonald-Gibson Co.OPPOSITE WINDSORI0TH PHONES 294HOTELMYERS.Ava L. Myers, aged abouttwenty-five, died at the-Speers Memorial Hospital, in Dayton. Ky.,Wednesday night, after a short illness. He was a native of thiscounty. The body was brought UParis last - night, and taken to theundertaking establishment of Ceo.W. Davis. The funeral will 'takeplace at 11:30 o'clock this (Fridaymorning, with services conducted atthe graveside in the North' Middletown Cemetery-HUME.A message was received here yesterday announcing the death in.Louisville, Wednesday . night, ofMatthew Hume, aged twenty-eight,json of the late Lan Hume, of Paris.Kl ! Young Hume underwent an operation at one of the Louisville hospitals, from the effects of which heH Wednesday night. The body wasI !. !Tfa..ur.:,::l::gn.;t,:Wi.:itmNOTICE TORETAILERSA private exhibition of the moving picture, entitled "TheTroubles of a Merchant and How to Stop Them," will be shownto business people in uie i. m. . t. on rriaay nigni, reDruary mi6, at 7:00 o'clock. Mr. W. H. Farley, a noted lecturer on mod- Jem business methods, representing The National Cash RegisterCompany, Dayton, Ohio, will explain the pictures, which willdeal with the following subjects:1. Retail Failures and Their Causes.2. Store Organization.3. Newspaper Advertising.4. Window Displays. 71""1' :-,5. Clerks Efficiency. . ;;i ' i-6. Selling Methods. j .7. Credit Business. - ..8. System in Retail Stores.Much enthusiasm has been created in other cities wherethe lecture has been delivered, and it is expected that a capacityaudience will greet Mr. Farley and his pictures.All merchants and salespeople in die city are invited. Theadmision will be free.shipped to Paris, his old home, lastis night. The funeral will be 'heldthis (Friday) afternoon at 2:30.o'clock, with services conducted atthe grave- in the Paris Cemetery byilev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church.Ill.'.tally hm mipsTAYLOR.Fallowing an operation performed at the Massie Memorial Hos-'.'. l-ital, in this city, Monday, for gallj'lj J Ftones, Miss Mary Taylor, aged forlil) ty-five, died at that institution at anhour Wednesday morning. .Taylor was the dauc-hter ofDavid Crockett and Armilda ShawTaylor, of this city. She is survivedby four uncles, A. L. Shaw and C. L.Shaw, of Indiana, J. W. Shaw, ofMillersburg. J. T. Taylor, of Paris;two aunt?, Mrs. Mary Wood, ofParis, and Mrs. Sarah Barnett, ofCarlisle.Th-j funeral will be held at eleveno'clock this (Friday) jmorning, with.services conducted at the grave inthe Paris , Cemetery by Rev. C. HGrear, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.IllFRIDAY,Y. M. C.A.. 6, T:30 P. M.GYMNASIUMTAYLOR. 'Following a long illness from'carcinoma, Mrs. Pearl M. Taylor,aged forty-eight, died at her homeon Ferguson street, in this city, atan early hour Tuesday morning.Mrs. Taylor was the widow ofGeorge W. Taylor, a well-knownresident of Paris, who preceded herto the grave several years ago. Shewas a daughter of the late Rev:Mann, of Carlisle, a prominent min,-v'istor of the Methodist churchf She! is survived by three children, Wm.R. Taylor and Miss Lillian E.Taylor, of Paris, and Edwin C.I Taylor, who is stationed in a Newj'Jersey camp, in the Ijnited StatesI Marine service. The latter was iitLhe bedside of his-mother, .-but wa.-.Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCE SALEThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider theadvance market prices.BUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALFrffr ' LiTaawRiGy-SPATcrrwillShin;, -ill Vl tShoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high- heel boots inblack and tan, values up to $7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glazed Kid highgrade boots, values to 18.50.Big lot Ladies' 16.00 Gray Kid, Bootsreduced toBig lQt,Ladies, $5.00 Tan Cloth TonLace Boots reduced toBig lot Ladies' Kid Shoes, warmlined, $3.00 values, at.$3.45$2.99t1.99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.99Dark Tan English, Gun Metal and ViciKid, values to $8.50.'Another lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlack Good Work Shoes at $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at $1 .69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to $299Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoes.reduced to $1 .OOBoys', Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00Shoesat $1.99Boys' and Youths' Hgh GradeShoes, Trorth $5.50, at $3.4-9DAN COHENjg&i. Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcifni...1