'rTis f' tC, -fry j .nK-V'" .X5T- 1.j-' i- ;THE BOURBONryV.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 19200iv - r i 'NEWSCANDIDATES FOR STATE SENATOR LOOMING UP.A number of Bourbon countyDemocrats have issued a call onJohn T. Collins, of the North Middletown precinct, and at presentresident of Paris, to become a candidate for State Senator to represent the district composed of Bourbon, Clark and Montgomery. Thishonor is at present held by GeorgeHon, of Winchester, who served inihe recent session of the Legislatureat Frankfort.It has become the custom in lateyears to alternate the honor of replesenting this Senatorial District,which will bring it this time toBourbon county. Montgomery county furnished an incumbent of theoffice in the person of Hon. WillClay, of Mt. Sterling.The call on Mr. Collins is butihe forerunner of others to follow,as several prominent Democrats whohave served their party well andfaithfully will probably come intothe limelight. It's a little too soonto make a choice, and there's plentyof time in w.hich to enter thestarter1;.DKAMATIC CRITIC PRAISESPARIS GIRL'S PERFORMANCEEnoch Grehan, the capable andcompetent dramatic critic of theLexington Herald, in his review ofthe play, "The Climbers," presentedat the Lexington Opera f House,Thursday night, by The Stroller's;dramatic organization of the University of Kentucky, pays the fol -lowingcomplment to a Paris girl.Miss Louise Connell. Miss Conneli,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John J.Connell, of Paris, who took the partof "Clara Hunter," in the cast."Miss Carlisle Chenault, Maysville, and Miss Louise Connell, ofParis, who appeared as Mrs. Hunter's daughters, were among, themost talented "members of the cast.Miss Chenault, winsome and lovely,oisplayed a gift . for dramatic expression, as Jessica Hunter, in ?.most appealing manner. Miss Connell as Clara Hunter, was for-theevening all that her part demanded.Her sweet voice and charm as theselfibh, spoiled and petulent darlingof an erstwhile wealthy householdmade her part of the play distinctive." oD. P. CAUSES EIREThe fire department was calledabout 520 Friday afternoon, by analarm from Box 15 to the home ofPatrolman Lusk on Stoner avenue.Sparks from a detective nue, starteu ia small Diaze, wmen was quicKiy iextinguished by tle prompt work ofthe firemen. Property loss small.Fire, WindInsurance.and LightningThomas, Woodford & BryanFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWING" Polo Coats- . , SuitsSilk and Jersey Dresses .Chintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaists .Hand Made Voile" and BatisteWaists!Plain and Fancy SkirtsFRANKLADIES OUTFITTERS,INTERCHURCH CONFERENCE ATPARIS, APRIL 22-23.Some of the leading ministers ofKentucky will be heard at the district conference to be held in theChristian church, at Paris, April22-23, under the auspices of the Interchurch World Movement. Patterned after the State Pastors' Conferences held throughout the country during the past month, thismeeting is called for the purpose ofshowing the great needs of thechurch to-day as revealed by the'Interchurch surveys -now being conducted. The conference will begin at7:30 o'clock at night and the closing session will be held the following afternoon. Illustrated lecturesshowing the results of foreign, Stateand home surveys will be given.Special attention wilt be paid to theorganization o'f church work in thiscounty. Other addresses will dealwith "Evangelism," "Co-operation,""Significance of Interchurch WorldMovement," and "DenominationalWork." A question box will beconducted and devotional and intercessory periods held.In order to facilitate the work ofthe Conference in this city, the following committees' have been selected: Executive 'Committee Revs. W.E. Ellis, C. H. Greer, T. S. Smylieand Walter S. Cain.lUility Committee E T. Hinton,Owen L. Davis, E. M. Wheeler andHarry Kerslake.Attendance and Deputation Committee Robt. Meteer, C. P.' Cook,Harry B. Pithian, Henry A. Power,Dr. C. C. Fisher, Revs. Frank M.Tinder and Ward Russell.Publicity Committee Dennis V.Snapp, Robert Rose and GarrettJefferson.o-ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND THE ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, April 13. William Russel in a special production.Uin at i.u1ta .Tahnfi.. 'The vallevof Tomorrow; Ruth Roland; in...Tlie Adventures of Ruth;" PrizmaColor.T)icture. "The Grand Canyon."Tnmrjrrmv. Wednesday. April 14.1 Irene Castle, in "The InvisibleTinnrf-' "Tonics of The Day:" FattieArbuckle, in "The Hayseed."Thursday, April1 15 Olive Thomas, in ''Footlights and Shadows;"Vod-a-Vil Monies; Pathe RevJew.- v , xz - -V.rpo-o-'o Orchestra nlays atter-n00n and eveningfcy.-ft.N&. CO.PAINT-UP, CLEAN-UP CAMPAIGNIN FORCE.Although the weather yesterdaybegan threateningly it did not deterthe initial work of the Clean-Upcampaign, which has been designateded for this week by official Stateproclamation, supplemented by proclamation issued by Mayor E. B. January. According to these proclama.-tions the week of April 12 to 17, hasbeen so designated. All the citizensof Paris, white and black, rich andpoor, old and young, are expected tojoin the drive against the commonenemy, dirt and filth, and rubbish ofall kinds, so that flies, mosquitoes,disease and death may not follow intheir wake, as is inevitable, unlessthe campaign is made a thoroughlyeffective one.The idea is to make Paris a safeand sanitary place to live "in, and ifeach citizen wili do his or her part,the success of the movement is assured. Each one must resolve himself or herself into a committee otone and see to it that individualpremises are relieved of dirt andrubbish. After the premises havebeen thoroughly cleaned up andmade more sanitary, paint andwhitewash will go a long way toward disinfecting- buildings andouthouses and making them moreattractive and neater-looking. Thecity carts and wagons will attend tohauling away the accumulatedtiash, on Wednesday aid Thursday,provided it is placed where the drivers can conveniently get to it.Otherwise they will not make a second trip for that purpose.BOURBON MEN CONTEST FORPISHING CHAMPIONSHIPFor several Winters Jos. W. Davisand Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, havebeen rivals on their Florida vacations, in striving for the title ofchampionship fisherman from Bourton county. Many of the largestspecimens of the finny tribe havefallen victims to their skill and themarvelous tales they have told oftheir experiences in vthe pursuit ofbig fish have entertained theirfriends. iNow, it seems that the title is tobe disputed by John T. Collins andSquire John J. Redmon, as told inthe following letter, to Mr. Davifafrom George Sehon, Superintendentof the Kentucky Children's Home,at Louisville:"Hon. Joe .Davis,"Paris, Kentucky,"Dear Friend: l'am satisfied youhave just received a tin type picturecf fish supposed to have beencaught by John Redmon and JohnCollins. This is the most heterogenous camouflage I have ever seen.For" instance, they have severallish that never bite at a line andyou can imagine two fishermen going out? and catching croakers, andballoon fish, and several other typenot recognized by Florida fishermen."I have written them to-day telling them the picture they sent wajcreated for novices and that theFame picture, with the same fish hasbeen taken thousands of times. Ihave sent them a strong letter telling them to catch a few fish forthemselves and have their own fishtaken, I hope you will bless themout."I feel sure th'ey will send thispicture to people all over Bourboncounty, where their characters areknown and dozens of people will believe the fish are real. If you andI had been out fishing, do you thinkAve would string the little fish andbig fish together and put the largefish on the two bottom lines? Inother words, fishermen string figh-he same size together. I hope youwill write them at once and roastthem, foi I do not want them tothink they can palm off such acamouflage on us."I am enclosing, you my picture,for fear you have not received oneup to date. Please do not let anhour pass before you write them.."Please hold the picture for me,sacredly, as I want to use it at thefish fry."Yours very sincerely,"GEORGE SEHON,"Superintendent."MISS VIRGINIA SLAJDE PLEASESMiss Virginia Sftade, the talentedLexington reader, pleased a largeaudience Friday afternoon at theParis High School auditorium, witha varieds program, which was enjoyed to the fullest by her audience.At night Miss Slade .delighted anappreciative audience with readingsfrom the play, "Within The Law."Miss Slade is the star member ofThe Stagecrafters, the dramatic organization of Transylvania College.The entertainment netted the sumof $51, which -will be devoted to thefund being raised i or the librarvand Victrola for the Paris HighSchool.NEW AUTO OWNERS.Rev. T. S. Smylie, the popularpastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, is the proud possessor of ahandsome new automobile, a giftfrom the members of his congregati6n as a mark of-their esteem, andasan' appreciation of his good workamong them.The Marshall-Feathestone Com-i pany, of Lexington, sold last weekto Thomas 'Pjllon, of Bourbon county, a two-ton G. M. C. truck, with1 pneumatic tires. The 'same com.-pany also sold a two-ton truck to.Jos. Houston, formerly of Bourbon,county-,' new living Yn Fayette. vrNEW HOTEL PROJECT STILL ABOOMING,Piomoterb for the. proposed newfiotei for Pans are busy interview-1"is tne people of the city and coun-TV in raornv1 -n,,. ,.,,,-v &.iU. iu mt: leasiDiiicy or ttu t-vi V. ,erecting-such a structure here Thev'rr-Tlf. Blblc Scnol of the Northhave met with a great deal of p Mletown Christian chun is in acouragement, and it is generally be-I'cveu we project will soon reachthe point where it will take on amoie substantial form. An activeorganization has been effected, composed of leading business men of thecity and prominent farmers of thecounty, and the work of solicitingfunds and selling stock in the newenterprise will go .forward ranidlv.? '"! 1 i "-v. muc m Luc enterprise as a dus-itenterprise as a business proposition it may be statedthat one of 'the prime movers in thp. irimp Wv tdeal, James M- Caldwell, recentlystated the matter to a number oifarmers, and in a short time had inhis pocket signed pledges, representing $18,000 in stock of the project. 'Several sites ha,ve been considered, among them the lot on Mainstreet adjoining the David Feldnotion store, and the site on Broadway, at present occupied by threebusiness houses, and taking in partof the Agricultural Bank buildingon the Broadway side. It was alsostated that another site under consideration was the Graiman home,i t the corner of Main and Tenthstreets. It was said yesterday thatan option had been secured on a centrally-locatedsite, but that the exact site would be determined laterby a Board of Directors to be selected by the stockholders.BOARD OP EDUCATION BUYS Iff.Iff. I. SCHOOL PROPERTYBy the terms of a deal consummated Friday in the office of CountySuperintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, The Millersburg Institute,which has been conducted for seveial years by Col. and Mrs. C. M.Best, becomes thes property of Bourbon county, to be used for a consolidated school for several countyschools. ' The consideration- involved in the deal, was $46,000i Ofthis sum $10,000 was paid in cash,$15,000 to be paid July 1, when thedeed will be given to tlie property,and the remainder, $21,000, to bepaid in three annual installments of$7,000' each. The deal was made bylive members of the County Board ofEducation and Col. C. M. Best.ts The county in the deal gets, theentire equipment of the M. M. I.The building will be utilized as acounty High School. All pupils inthe public schools of the county whoqualify for the High School coursewill be entitled to enter the HighSchool at Millersburg. Thore arenew eighty pupils in the Paris HighSchool for whom the County Boardof Education pays an annual scholarship of $40 per pupil. ThebOeighty pupils will be sent to theliew school at Millersburg. A fullcomplement ot the best educators "tobe had will be provided for the nevschooL The deal has the approvalof State Superintendent of Instruction George Colvin, who was hererecently and after inspection of thegrounds and buildings of the M. M.I. advised its purchase by the countyfor the High School purposes.Col. and Mrs. Best will remain inMillersburg, having purchased asmall parcel of ground adjoining theM. M. I. property, on which theywill erect a modern home.The property purchased was formerly the old Kentucky Wesleyan.Cillege, is three stories high, andhas a large barracks and dormitory.The 7 .grounds contain seven acres.Col. Best has been at the head of theM. M. I. for twenty-seven years.BOURBON COUNTY MEDICAL SOCIETY REORGANIZEDAt a recent meeting of the physicians and surgeons of the city andcounty, a reorganization of the oldBourbon County Medical Societywas effected, with the election ofthe following officers to serve forthe ensuing term:President Dr. Wm. Kenney;first vce-prepident Dr., H. C. Anderson, Sbawhan; second vice-presidentDr. G. C. Cook, North Middletown ; pecretary-treasurer Dr. Milton J Stern, Paris; censors Drs. J.A.. Gilkey, Jas. A. Orr and AvoniaE. Kiser, Paris; Hospital appointivecommittee Drs. J. A. Gilkey, W. C.Ussery and J. M. Williams, Paris;Hospital advisory commjUee Drs.J. A. Wallingford, Jas. A. Orr andJ. A. Stoeckinger.Following the business sessionthe Society decided "to hold the nextregular meeting, on Thuisday night.April 15, at the offices of Drs. Wallingford & Gilkey, -in the- First National Bank building. The meetingwill be featured by the reading of apaper on "Pneumonia," by Dr.Chas. . Daugherty, which will bediscussed by Dr. J. A. Stoeckinger.A paper on surgical operations willbe read by Dr. Jas. A Orr.-oPHYSICIANS' PEES PIXED.The physicians of Bourbon countyhave adopted the following minimum schedules of fees: Office, f$l. 50,city visit, $3; night visits from9:00 p. m. to 6:00 a. m., $5.00;country visits, dav. $1.0.0 a milefrom court "house; night visits,'double -that "amount; obstetricalcases, $25.0,0. x - IBOXJRBON CO." -MEDICAL SOCIETYDr.kla J. SternxSecretary..(13-2t) -?"'-VRELIGIOUS.I I'lllirUDT IT . l . T1' J-4V . mv..v,.u wim- me mine acnooi otthe Christian church at Eminence.The North Middletown school tookthe lead on i the. first Sunday of thecontest, April 4, and has maintainedit since.The Presbytery of Ebenezer, ofwhich the Paris church is a oart.I will meet in Carlisle to-day, to-mor-iow ana rnursaay, April I3r 14 andthe P?eesbvteri15. The meetmes will be held inan chureh. Amon, 1 .,, . i , : r.?Vtf ," De Juage ineoDaia'f1 - vv- " oenranc inomas s. Tal-Dott, nev. R. M. CaldwelL E. L.wnson and I. C Hunt. Rev. T.Smylie and several members fromthe Paris Presbyterian church willattend the meetingsRevival services will begin atthe Paris Baptist church on Sunday, April 25. The pastor, Rev.Arthur Fox, will be assisted byevangelist-singer J. A. Brown, ofDallas, Texas, one of the best-knownsingers in jthe South. He has beensinging for the-past fourteen years,assisting Rev. Fox in revival meetings. Rev. Fox; left yesterday forPpmhrnlfp -wllA-re Tio -will rrnrliio '.ten-days' meeting. The meeting atPembroke will close in time to be-igin Ihe revival: at Paris.-vAll the men of the Christianchurch are cordially invited to bepresent at tne cnurcn at 7 p. m.,JFriday, April" 16th.Refreshments, music and entertainment.. Now, don't miss, for youwill be mighty sorry. Space forbids,printing progiam.THE. COMMITTEE.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAuctioneer M. F. Kenney soldSaturday In front of the court housedoor, for Master CommissionerOscar T- Hinton, the property onWalker Avenue, known a3 the Mrs..Pearl Cram house, to L. D. Harris,of the Harris, Speakes & Harrisreal estate firm, for $3,635:. "REPORT OP BOONE SALE",At-tiie, public sale of. livestock andfarming implements belonging toWalter W. Boone, held Thursday onthe premises on the Greenwich pike,by Auctioneer George D: Speakes,good prices were realized: on every-thing sold. The attendance wasg'ood, and the bidding spirited.Cows sold for $80 to $132.50 ahead; heifers, $50 to $60 a head ;-(chickens, $2.25 each. .WE KNOW MOWFOR SPRINGHave a Stein Bloeh SuitTNO the casual observer clothes arejust clothes mostl all alike. Yetthere is an important difference beivTrBItween the generalwear clothes andStein-Blochs. SmartClothesYou can readily see the patternandstyle in any suit. But the wearingquality the service ability ofclothes depend largely upon the unseen things the linings, the needlework, ihe tailoring, These unseenthings you take on faith;Yet not entirely on faith, bepause theStem-Bloeh label, which stands forSixty-three Years of Knowing How,is a pledge of quality .in itself. Andjour label endorses it.You-begin to fully appreciate SteinBloch Smart Clothes only after such.service as would put ordinary clothesinto the discard. It is this inherentquality of continued smartnesssmartness as long as the woolens holdtogether that makes Stein-Bloch thechoice of men who know.MITCHELL &ALLEGED THIEE ARRESTED?hereisubbay;James- Gateuood,. alias Willie-Gateweod, nineteen,, of Lesingtoawas arrestad in this city early SftnT'-day morning by Chief of Police 'Link, oh information from Lexing-ton authorities. Gatewood, it wasalleged;. was wanteds in Lexingtonfor the theft of a valuable Howardgold watch from. Mrs; JfohnnM. -Skain and on another charge ofstealings property belonging toW. 'L. Carter,- of 430 West Third street, -Lexington.Before the arrival ? of DetectivesMaloney and Wood; of the Lexington, police force, Gatewood confessed vto'Ctiief Link that he was the manwanted and admitted his guilt. Heis strongly suspected of being theparty who stole a coat and pursefrom' the cloak room of the Presby-,trian- church, in this city, some timeago,, and also of holding upacolor-.ed man and relieving him of ?20 "in. - JcashL kGatewood was taken back to Lex- "ington, Sunday morning, and placed?- "in jail,, to await a hearing- on thecharges.COUNCIL PROCCEDINGS -.At the 'recent meeting of thearLls Plty Co"ncii a decision was '"ra.ue Ju resani to purchasing a newnuio nre xrucic tor tne local depart- 'ment. Tne Councilrecommendedthe purchase of a six-cyinder auto.fire truck from an Elmira, NrY.,firm. The new apparatus has eighty-horsepower capacity to pump750 gallons. of water per minute.It is guaranteed to throw a two-inch,stream of water over the highestbuilding in the city, under the com-1 bined power of the truck- andr thecity water pressure. It will cost$12,000,- and is to. be deliveredwithin three months- In the dealthe Elmira firm takes over the oldAhrens steamer, purchased by thecity in 1S76;The council passed an ordinancefor the repaying of" Pleasant, High,Main and intersecting streets, andauthoiifced the City -Clerk to-i advertise for bids for same.The Council passed an order requiring all persons in the city, as aprecautionary measure against thespread" of small-pox and other contagious diseases, to be vaccinatedwithin the next ten days An orderwas also entered" to pay for the vaccination of those unable to pay, thecharge of fifty cents, up to- the limitof 25u personsHMORRIS; SELLS HORSES.Dan T. Morris, formerly of Paris,f.as soid to Lucius A. Dick; ofMeeker, Colorado, two young mares,Lady Patland and Jesse Atkins,They are to be shipped to Colorado,L.nti bred to a saddle stallion-.rrun of ready-to-WBLAKEMOREKm' "'Wmm''mmmmmmmW'v . W- V,'UV. j-v4iCA'? .;N---j.V,, -Liswv'Jll - .11 Vi. - 1-r"vV i"Jvs -yK-tt-- tA3S.'rvvss,.3 :r C Vp''M1f-PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, OARIS, KENTUCKYraw orkTTMTtrkXT wmo V a ti ?-i.TfiVs9r v .TUESDAY APHtL 1SA If 1C."X tX-A4r. j.TVsi-.An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE ORIGIN-. AL- CONSTRUCTION OF HIGHSIREET IN THE CITY OPPARIS,KENTUCKY. FROM THE CITYHALL TO THE NORTH MARGINOK FOURTEENTH STREET, OF.MAIN STREET FROM BANKROW TO BRIDGE OVER STONERCREEK, AND THIRD STREETFROM PLEASANT STREET TOLXXJISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.BY THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF CURBING AND GUTTERING ON BOTH SIDES THEREOF, AT THE COST OF THE ABUTTING PROPERTY OWNERS, THEKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM..3NAL COMPANY AND THE CITYOF PARIS. KENTUCKY, WITHVITRIFIED ' BRICK, ASPHALT,BITULITHIC, WOOD BLOCKS,;ROOC ASPHALT, CONCRETEPAVING OR OTHER TYPE OFPAVED STREET, AND BY THEv CONSTRUCTION OF CURBINGAND GUTTERING ON BOTHSIDES THEREOF EXCEPTWHERE THE SAME IS ALREADYCONSTRUCTED IN CONFORMITYWITH THE SPECIFICATIONS OFTHE PROPOSED WORK, ANDPROVIDING FOR THE COSTTHEREOF.BE IT ORDAINED by the Boardof the City o Paris in regular meeting assembled at the City Hall in theCity of Paris, Ky., that, pursuant toresolutions heretofore adopted onMay 22nd., and February 26, 1920,and duly published as required bylaw, the following described streetsand parts of streets in the City ofParis, Kentucky, be improved by theoriginal cosntruction of the roadwaythereof; with vitrified brick, asphalt,oithulithic, wood blocks, rock asphalt,concrete paving or other type ofpaved street, and by the construction of curbs and gutters on both. sides thereof, except where the sameis" already, in conformity with theplans and specifications for the proposed work, to wit:High Street from the City Hall to.North- margin of 14th Street.Main Street from Bank Row toBridge over Stoner Creek and ThirdStreet from jPIeasant Street to Louisville & Nashville Railroad.' 2. That said improvement shall bemade according to pkyis and specifications to be adopted by the Board' or Council of the City of Paris, andthat a suitable and competent engineer be employed to prepare suchplans and specifications.3. That the cost of improving saidroadway shall be paid as follows, toWit:The abutting property owners oneither side of said streets shall paysme-third of the cost of said street,and the cost of all curbing and guttering in front of their respectiveTots. The Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co., shall pay the expenseef paving between the rails of theirtracks and a distance of eighteen inches on the outside of the rails; and' xhe remaining cost shall be paid bythe City of Paris out of the generalfunds, and in add:tion thereto theCity of Paris shall pay the entire costof the improvement of intersectionswith other public ways, includingone-half of the width of the streetbeing improved opposite other streetsor alleys which run into but do notcross the street so being improved,and that portion of any street abutting on the property belonging tothe City; and shall pay the cost ofall improvements where the abuttingowner is a public school, cemetery,county, state or United States. Thecost of abutting property' owners. shall be apportioned and assessed up-jm the lots or parcels of real estate,abutting feet, and a tax shall be levied upon such lots or parcels of realestate for the payment of the costs""assessed thereon, which tax shall be'due and payable at the City Treasurer's office upon the completion ofthe work and acceptance thereof byliie Board of Council, provided, however, that the portion assessedagainst the abutt'ng property mayote paid on the ten year payment planas provided by law.(4). Any such tax. which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes due and payable, unless the property owners shall havet exercised their option to pay forsame on the ten year payment plan.as above provided, shall have addedthereto a penalty of ten per cent, of,the amount of the tax; and thereball be a lien upon such lots or par-ot real estate jor tne part or the& "cost of said improvement so assessedjtHereon. and the same shall bear in-"tcresfc ac the Tate of s:x per cent, perannum from the time of assessment!until paid.(5.) This ordinance shall have tworeadings before the Board of Council, and ten days shall intervene between hte first and second readings.Upon the final adoption of this ordinance, the Improvement Committee is directed to advertise for bidsfor two consecutive weeks in theBourbon News and Kentuckian-Citi-zen,newspapers published in Bourbon County, Kentucky, the officialpublications of the City of Paris, forthe construction of said streets outof each of the materials as hereinprovided, and shall let the bid to thelowest and best bidder on the material adopted for the constructionof said street. Said Committee sliallrequire a cash deposit or certifiedcheck from each bidder for anamount eqial to ten per cent; of thetotal aggregate of his bid, to insurecompliance with said bid. In theevent the successful bidder fails toenter into a contract with the Cityof Paris for the performance of saidwork and give good and sufficientbond, conditioned for the faithfulperformance of his contract, withinten days after the award is made,then, in that event, the sum so deposited shall be forfeited to the City asliquidated damages for such failureto enter into such contract and execute such bond; the deposits madeby unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to such unsuccessful bididersimmediately after the award is made.(6). 'All bids shall be in writingand under seal, and addressed to J.W. Hayden, Clerk of the City ofParis, and shall be opened in thepresence of the Board of Council ata regular meeting of said Council atthe City Hall held on the night of.April 22, 1920.(7.) This ordinance shall becomeeffective and be of full force fromand after its passage and publicationas required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Attest Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN.An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE SALE OFSCHOOL IMPROVEMENT BONDSOF THE CITY OF PARIS, KENTUCKY, TO THE AMOUNT OFTHIRTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS, ($35,000.00) WHICHBONDS WERE AUTHORIZED:by a vote of the qualifiedVOTERS OF THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY, AT ANELECTION CALLED AND HELDFOR THAT PURPOSE ON DECEMBER 27, 1919.WHEREAS, By ordinance dulyadopted on November 27, 1919,which ordinance was duly publishedin the official publication of theCity of Paris for two weeks, an election was called to submit to tliequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, the question:"Are you in favor of issuingbonds of the City of Paris, Kentucky, in the sum of Thirty-fiveThousand Dollars, to be paid bylevies annually to meet said Bondsand the interest thereon, for theprupose of completing and equipping the addition to the City Schoolfor white children, and the additionto the City School for colored children? "Tha annual assessment for thepurpose of paying the interest andcreating a sinking fund shall not exceed the sum of $3,500.00," andWHEREAS, Said election was"duly held, pursuant to said ordinance on December 27, 1919, andWHEREAS, At said election amajority of more than two-thirdsof the legal votes cast, were cast infavor of the issual of said bonds,andWHEREAS, The Board of Education of the City of Paris, Kentucky,has lepoitedio the Board of Councilthat the proceeds of said bonds areimmediately necessary for the purpose of completing and equippingthe buildings provided for in saidordinance calling said election.Now, Therefore, Be it ordained bythe Board of Council of the City ofParis, Kentucky, in regular meetingassembled, that bonds of the City otParis, Ky., "to be known as"School Improvement Bonds of theCity o Paris, Ky.," be isbuod to theamount of Thirty-five ThousandDollars, (.$35,000.00) and sold, forthe purpose aforesaid.Said issue shall consist of seventybonds of the face value of FiveHundred Dollars each, shall beardate of May 1, 1920, and bear interest ar the rate of five per cent, periinnum fiom said date, interest payable semi-annually, or. the firstdays of May and November in eachyear, interest and principal payablein gold coin of the present standardof weight and fineness, at the Bank1of America, in the City of NewYork.Said bonds shall be due and payable as follows, to-wit:$1,500.00 on November 1, 1920.$2,000.00 oa November 1, 1921.$1,500.00 on November 1, 122.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1921.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1921.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1925.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1926.$2;000.00 on November 1, 1927.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1928.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1920.$1,500.00 on November 1, 0.930.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1931.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1932.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1933.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1934.$2,"000.00 on November 1, 1935.' $1,500.00 on November 1, 1936.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1937.$1,500.00 on November 1, 1938.$2,000.00 on November 1, 1939.Said bonds shall bear coupons forthe payment of each, installment ofinterest, as the same falls due, andshall be signed by the Mayor andcountersigned by the City Clerk.Said coupons shall be signed bythe City Clerk, but his signature tosaid coupons may be lithographedthereon.The Mayor is hereby authorizedand directed ,to 'advertise the saleof said bonds in the official publications of the City of Paris, Ky.,for two consecutive weeks, and inthe Bond Buyer at least once beforethe day of sale.Sealed bids addressed to J. W.Hayden, City Clerk, Paris, Ky., willbe received up to and until eighto'clock, p. m., on Thursday, April 22,1920, and -will be opened in opensession of the Board of Council, inthe City Hall, on that date.Said bonds will not be sold for lessthan par and accrued interest, andeach bidder will be required toaccompany his bid by a certifiedcheck for at least ten per centum ofthe amount of his bid. The checksof the unsuccessful bidders will beleturned immediately after the sale,and the check of the successful bidder will be' letained until such bidder complies with his undertakingby taking the bonds and payingtherefor, his said check being considered as part payment on thebonds.If the successful bidder fails orrefuses to comply with his undertaking within ten days after dema-ndis made upon him, then the amountof his check will be retained by theCity of Paris as liquidated damagefor the breach of his undertaking.This ordinance will be in fullforce a-nd effect from and after itspassage and publication as requiredby law.Be it fuither ordained that a taxupon all the property, real and personal, in the City of Paris, taxableby law for City purposes, is herebylevied annually, sufficient to meetthe semi-annual instalments of interest on said bonds, and to pay thebonds as and when they mature.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.NOTICEOFSale of City SchoolBonds.The City of Paris, Kentucky, offers for sale to the highest and bestbidder, Thirty-five Thousand Dollars, '($35,000.00), of School Improvement Bonds of the City ofParis, which Bonds bear date, May 1,1920, with interest at the rate of fiveper cent, per annum, interest payable semi-annually, principal and interest payable in gold coin of theUnited States of the present standard of weight and fineness, at theBank of America, in New York.r These Bonds will mature as follows :$1500.00 on November 1, 1920,$2000.00 on November 1, 1921,$1500.00 on November 1, 1922,$2000.00 on November 1, 1923,and so on up to and including November 1, 1939.Sealed bids will be received forsaid Bonds until Eight o'clock, p. m.,on Thursday, April 22, 1920.- Anbids must be addressed under seal toJ. W. Hayden, City Clark, Paris, Ky.,and each bid must be accompaniedwith a certified check for ten percent, of the amount of the bid, whichcheck must be payable to C. K.Thomas, City Treasurer.The checks of unsuccessful bidders will be returned immediatelyafter the award is ,made, and thecheck of the successful bidder 'willbe retained until such bidder hascompiled with the terms of his bid.If such bidder fails to take suchbonds, and pay for same upon demandthen the amount of such check willbe retained by the City of Paris asliquidated damages for such failure.Said Bonds will not be sold for lessthan par, and accrued interest.E. B JANUARY,Mayor of the City of Paris.For SaleWe have quite an assortment oi17 and 18 Ford cars and trucks, ingood condition, at bargains. Calland see them.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.,(6-3t). ' Paris, Ky.-lAgentsWantedWanted, man with team or auto,who can give 'bond, to sell 137Watkins home and farm products.Biggest concern of land in world.$1,500 to $5,000 yearly income.Territory in this county open.Write to-day, J. R. Watkins Co., Department 112, Winona, Minn.(614t-T)For SaleA new Ford Sedan, run less thanfifty miles. ..Mcdonald, gibson, co.,Citizen Garage.Both 'Phones 294 Paris, Ky.WantedExeprieneed' engineer. byTHE PARIS WATER-CO.M'23-1t).PERFECTED FOETRUCK WORK."AKfiDMembers of the Central KentuckyAutomobile Truck Dealers' Associaton, "got down to cases" at a meeting Friday night at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington and perfectedmost of the plans for the automobile tour, which vill leave Lexington on the morning of Monday,April 19.Major Thomas B. Short was unanimously elected tourmaster for thetrip and in this position, will havecharge of the motorcade during itsjourney. Major Short is especiallywell fitted for the place, havinggained wide experience while incharge of all motor transport operations in, the Brest area.The various towns that will beincluded in the tour and the dateson which the fleet will arrive follow: Monday, April 19, Nicholasville,Wilmore, Shakertown, Harrodsburg;Tuesday, April 20, Perry ville, Danville, Bryantsville, Lancaster, Wednesday, April 21, Paint Lick, Richmond, Berea; Thursday, April 22,Whitehall, Winchester; 'Friday,April 23, North. Middletown, Millersburg, Cynthiana; Saturday,April 24, Jacksonville, Centerville,Paris, returning Saturday afternoon.A total of 262 miles will be coveredby the tour and during the entiretrip no sales work or advertising bythe individual members will be permitted. CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHREMEDYThe great benefit derived from theuse of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyhas been greatly acknowledged bymany. Mrs. Benjamin F. Blakeney,Decatur, 111., writes, "Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is by far the bestmedicine for colds and coughs wehave ever used in our family. Igave it to my children when smalllor croup and have taken it myself."(adv)oBE CAREFUL.See us before selling -yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andegg.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)To be properly clothed, the mantle of charity is a better garmentthan the cloak of friendship.An OrdinanceAMENDING "AN ORDINANCEPASSED BY THE BOARD OFCOUNCIL ON AUGUST 28, 1919,PROVIDING FOR ISSUANCE. OFBONDS FOR CONSTRUCTINGSANITARY SEWERS ON MAINSTREET."BE IT ORDAINED, By the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, at anadjourned meeting, a quorum being'present lhat the ordinance heretofore passed on January 27, 1920,entitled, 'Mn ordinance supplementary to and amending an ordinancepassed by th? Hoard of Council ofthe City of P-ris, Kentucky, on.August 2S, 193D, concerning andproviding lor the issuance of Bondsof the City oC Paris; Kentucky, inthe4 sum of Sixty Thousand Dollars,.($60,000.00), to e used for thepurpose Of constructing sanitarysewers on Main street, from Fourteenth Street to Twentieth street,and on Fourteenth Street from MainStreet to Jackson street, and uponother streets, and providing for thesale of Thirty Thousand Dollars''worth of said bonds," be and thesame is now and hereby amended soas to authorize the sale and deliveryof said Thirty Thousand Dollars'worth of said bonds at one time, instead of in three installments, asprovided for in the original ordinance. . 2. That the bid of ThegjProvidtnt Savings Bank and TruM Company of Cincinnati, Ohio, of par anda premium of One Dollar for saidissue of said Bonds be and is herebyaccepted subject" to the terms andconditions accompnying said bid.3. That this ordinance sliall become effective after"1 its passage andpublication as .required by law.E. B. JANUAPcY. Mayor.Attest:J.' W. HAYDEN, Clerk.HudualFs Taxi Co.Will Run. Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle. .... .12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel . .Leave Feeback Hotel .Arrive Millersburg . .' .Arrive Windsor HotelParis ",..12:25 p.m..12:25 p.m.. 1:00 p.m.v 1:30 p7m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotelf-.12:15 p.m.Arrive Millersburg ...;12:45Arrive Carlisle. Feebac!tandand Central Hotel ... 1:15Arrive in Millersburg . . .1:55p.m.p.m.p.m.'Arrive Windsor "Hotel . ., 2:25p.m.PLANSSLOTww?P E K-a ft&& &.& &itches, pains, nervousness, difficui:y in urinating, often mean2erior33 disorders. The world'sstandard reme-d" for Iridnoy, liver,bt.dcldr ar.d uric ::cid troubles$0 MEDALmHW&miJiwmMimhrirr rjrk. relief r.nd often ward offd?c;:l; diseases. -Known cs the nationalre:nWy cf Holland for moro than 200years. All druggists, in three sizes.Loo): for She name Gola Medal oa rery Imxaad accept bo imit&tioaAuto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired.. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Cottage WantedWanted to rent a cottaere of fouror five rooms. Must be close to.ousiness center. Inquire for F. E.JONES, Manager, at the S. H. KressCo. Store. . (6-3t)Open For Business !The Kid Stout Cafe, which suffered severely in the fire of someweeks ago, has been refitted and isnow read3r for business. We openthis morning, and will be ready totake care of our former patronsand new ones as well.(9-2t) THE STOUT CAFE.Clerks WantedClerks, (men, women, 17 upward) for government positions ,$1,200' to $1,500 yearly. Experience unnecessary. For free particulars, write John Leonard, (formerC'vil Service Examiner), 935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.(9-2t)WantedRaHway Mail Clerks, $110 permonth. Experience unnecessary.Young men, 17 upward, desiringclerkships, write for free particu-J. LEONARD,(Former Civil Service Examiner) r935 Equitable Building, Washingtonr D. C.Far-Bearing AnimalsWantedWe- buyr raise and sell fur-bearing-iabbitsand other fur-bearing animals. Place your order with us and'list whatever stock you have withns, stating- lowest flat price on largeshipments. Address 515-517 N. P:Ave., Fargo, N. D. References,Scandinavian-American Bank, FargoNational Bank, Fargo, North Dal:ora. (30mar-lmo)Opportunity Says toYouPut one of our Pianos, Player Pt1anos or Talking Machines in yourhome a thing of beauty that willgive to you, to your family andfriends, a lifetime of the keenestpleasure, entertainment and enjoyment. We also do tuning and repairing of all kind.fr. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High. St.Representative J. H. TemplemamPiano Company.Behind YourA 'flla niu akWtVP LOCALZlO'iC oTsTincAiacK or tnat leiepnone on your wan or your ;desk are miles and miles of vire; huge cablesin the air or underground; the wonderfullyintricate mechanism of switchboards; a -plete plant plus a trained organization ipeople whose business it is to provide for ai..lmake your telephone service.The telephone instrument itself is thesmallest part of the telephone exchange; itrepresents hardly one-tenth the investmentthe company has made to provide a line foryour own special use; its maintenance is butan insignificant fraction of the cost of themanagement, upkeep and operation of theplant behind it.It is but representative of the plant andorganization behind it, all of which must beorganized, maintained and operated in readiness, day or night, to serve you.When you lift your receiver, youhave all this at your command!"At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Teleeranh Co.' (Incorp orated)J. J. Voatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.IIU.iEggs For Setting" I havea- nice lot ot pure-bredSingle-comb Rhode Island Red, (thelaying kind) eggs for sale at $2.00for 15. Fertility guaranteed.MRS. W. M. COOPER,(9-4t-pd) 919 Walker Ave.Tools Sharpened.Saw Filing a Specialty.Work guaranteed.SAM H. SHOUT,1210 Main Street,(2t-pd) Paris, Ky.JIM EVANSBlack Jack, will stand at my stablein North, Middletown, at$s.ooCash in hand when mares are bred.JIM EVANS is fry Young's BlackSampson, he by Young's Yelberton.He is 15.3 high, big head andears, plenty of foot and bone, a number one breeder.Also, at the same place the big! draft stallion,Tom Buckner' Cash in hand when mares are bred,.weight 1,700 pounds, will make theseason at$8.00This horse must be seen to be appreciated. The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.R. M. GILKEYCumherland Phone? S3.North Middletown, Kentucky(9apr. 8t)We will stand at the home of E.P. Wagoner, near Blacks " CrossRoads, three miles south of Millersburg, six miles east of Paris,, on theJackstowm pike, a fine Feroheronregistered stallion,PatCobestanNo. 16641A rich bay, weight 1,600 pounds, agrand individual, a sire of a showliorse in his class. We will' stand atEIGHT DOLLARSCash in hand when mares- are bred.Also, same time andextra good four-year-oldplace, an.Black Jack15" hands high, weighing 1,000pounds, with big, -heavy bone andplenty head and ear. and greatbreeder. We will stand atEight Dollarscash'fn hand when mares are bred.The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each, mare three- trials.Mclntyre & WagonerTerm. Phone, 38; Home Phone, 18;Mfllershnrj: ExchangeTelephone-IOC At.L3NC Our:wsvyjwnfVHI 'IIAf . . r' v-Both Phones 204. ,'., - ' j" JiMmii' ' ffrmmMmammm ux&?jm&&bi&. &a&&.u. ,,.l .-su " ... ,. -:-;, .-,i-k-",r- ".M .'., -1' '? Jj-V'i.v" fTU Lr?V A Tr . -jTUESDAY APRIL 13, 1S20.THE- BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKYvV-t''&v&ffi&r-Vfi4- COU, tmj .4-J' ITrom Dr. JohnH.Finley, Presidentof the Universityof the State ofNew York, onMr. Edison's newphonograph -He wrote:' "The influence of musicupon the individual hasbeen known since veryearly times When an evilspirit came upon Saul,David was brought to playbefore him until he waswelL I often think of Mr.Edison as a modern David,not out slaying Goliaths,but playing with varied instruments before the world,which seems, like Saul, tobe possessed at times byan evil spirit.JWOULDN'T you like tov hear the Official Labo-ratorj Model which broughtthis beautiful tribute toMr. Edison from one of theworld's most distinguishededucators?TVR. Finley wrote his let-ter after Mr. Edisonhad proved the perfect realign of the New Edison to6000 teedMcs and officersof "New York State's publicschools by means oftkenowfamous tone-test, given inAlbanv on November 25,XE have an exact du-b v plicate of the history-Wudnz Official LaboratoryModel which called forth I1 Dr. Fmley's admiration.Ctme in and hear itOberdorferThe DruggistIf iI. it sISCITY SCHOOL KEPORT.Grade I.Albert-Adair, 92.; John Lewis Childers, 94; Raymond Dotson, 92; JohnDavis Haggard, 95; Francis Collier,90; Clarence Gifford, 93; Joe May,92; Charles McDuffee, 90; HyronRus, 95 June Burns, 94; Alice Dotson, 94; Frances Gordon, 94; Slizabeth Grane, 90; Nancy Kiser, 94;Margaret Payne, 90; Loraine Poplin,95; Hazel Powell, 90; Bertha Wills,93; Crighton Comer, 95; ElizabethSoper, 96; Lucy Jean Anderson, 97;Edith Patrick, 96; Martha Marsh, 93;Virginia Wills, 94; Ruth Parrent, 95;Gladys Minton, 91; Aleathia Dennison, 90; Tommie Rowland, 93 Elmeta King, 94; Christine Watson, 97;Dorotha Biddle, 94; Dorothy Fenwick, 96; Oscar King, 92; George D.Swearengen, 92; Ross Leach, 93;Jesse Allen, 93; Chary Fightmaster,92; Helen Bell, 90; Naomi Cavanaugh, 95; Othur Cottingin, 96; Chester Dotson, 97; Ernestine Eads, 98;Naomi Hutchison,97; Louise Larkin,95; Michael Prather, 91; FrancesProffitt, 90; Rena Rankin, 92;Thomas Reffitt, 93; Kathryn Williams, 92.Teachers :Miss Blanche Lilleston,Miss Mary Lay ton,Mrs. Jesse Harris.Grade II.Roy Patterson, Jr., 91; HazelBryan, 96; Isabel Isgrig, 96; Chester Dickinson, 93; Clima Mann, 96;Pearl Faulk, 96; Dorothy Lilleston,96; James S. Wilson, Jr., 96; ElmerCurtis, 93; Ben F. Bedford, Jr., 94;Vivian Landes, 95; Ruby Dickerson,92; William Baldwin, 94; ThomasBratton, 92; Thelma Landes, 95;George Wyatt, 92; Edna Ray Sousley, 96; Virginia Payyne, 94; CarlWilliams, Jr., 92; Anna Kathrynthe week-end with her narents. MrSavage, 97; Josephine McCord, 96;jand Irs George Link, near Hutch-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, Tnere andElsewhere.'Mrs. J. Will Thomas of Eighthstreet, is visiting Mr. and Mrs.Robert M. Hopkins, in Covington.Miss Alma Hawkins, of Georgetown, spent the week-end in thiscity as- a guest of Mites LucindaPatton.Mrs. Mary Renaker Jouett hasreturned to her home in Cynthianaafter a visit to Mrs. B. F. Laughlin,in this city.Miss Lottie Mae Harris, ofOwingsville, is a guest' of her uncle,L. D. Harris and Mrs. Harris, attheir home on Walker avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Priceleft. Sunday afternoon for a tendays' sojourn at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Indiana.Mrs. Thomas Higgins and Mrs.John M Stuart have returned froma visit to their parents, Mr. andMrs. Robert E. Morris, in Indianapolis, Ind.Mrs. Nellie Highland is at thebedside of her niece, Mrs. -LucyThornton Ellis, who has been veryill at the Miami Valley Hospital, inDayton, 0.Miss Stella Stephens, member ofthe Paris High Sohool faculty, hafareturned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Stephens,in Mt. Sterling.Georgetown News: "Miss LillicLarue -has returned to her home inBourbon county after a visit to Rev.Dr. F. W. Eberhardt and Miss Corrilla Eberhardt, in this city."Miss Jennie Link, .who is a student at the Eastern Kentucky StateNormal School, in Richmond, spentY. M. C. A. NOTES.The last number of AassociationMen contains an article entitled"Come On You Praying Kentuckians." The article gives a bit ofinside history of the Centre College'sfamous football team. Coach Moransays in the article, "It is hard to beata praying team." President Ganfield says, "Our boys do not pray towin. They play to win, and pray to Jdo their best."The Bourbon County Associationis sending out a number of copies toits members.Ruby Hogan, 95; Irvine Ewalt, 94;Bourbon McCarty, 94; Edward Flovd93; Lula Buchanan, 92; Estille Florence, 90; John Allen, 90; WilliamDotson Wills, 90.Teachers :Miss Marion Talbott,Miss Sallie Whaley.Grade III.Frances Burnett, 90; Virgil Gaitskill, Jr., 91; Nancy Harrison, 91;Melvin Fenwick, 1; Ruth Bowles,92; Sadie Blake, 92; Jonett Elmore,92; Virginia Van Pelt, 92; EthelFightmaster, 93; Dorothy McDuffee,93; Lucy Maxey, 93; Nancy Baldwin,94; Bennie Lee Perkins, 94; LouiseSlicer, 94; Sam Kerslate, 95; EdnaRummans, 95; Elizabeth Hinton, 95;Sidnv Redmon, 96; Laurence Mullens, 96; Bessie Mitchell, 97; Elizabeth Whitley, 97; Mary FormanVarden, 97; Marie Foley, 91; WalterHedges, Jr., 91 ; Harry Lancaster, 93 ;Louis Elvove, 95; Hazel Buchanan,97; Frances Bowling, 93; DaisyPrather, 94; Frances Waterfill, 92;Prentice Burton, 96; Lucille Christman, 91; Elsey Tucker, 93; ElonTucker, 92 ; Anna Terry Parrent, 91 ;jGeneview Dockenbroode, 93; WilliamAmyx, 93; Eva Roberts, 96.Teachers.Miss Bessie Y. Purnell,Mrs. Esther L. Stone.Grade IV.Hallie Snapp, 93; Mary Mulfinger,93; Thenosia McCord, 95; MaryEleanor Isgrig, 95; Bertha Honican,92; Martha Hall, 94; Eleanor Swearingen, 95; Edna Bruce Stewart, 93;Burdette Sanders, 92; Jessie Gregg,91; Lucille Frederick, 90; Anna Hogan, 91; Katie Irvine, 97; ElizabethDouglas, 96; Alma Neal, 95; Florence McCarty, 95; William Marshall,94; Sallie Gordon, 94; James Case,93; Vivian Smith, 93; Thomas Hubbard, 93; Coleman Burns, 92; L. U.Chappell, 92; Franklin Carter, 92;Louise Banister, 92; John Bower,192; Ella D. Faulk, 92; James Hill,90; Jessie Herrm, 90; Graham Ewalt,90; Kenney Williams, 90.Teachers.Miss Lena Talbott,Miss Lizzie Lenihan.Grade V.Joe Collier, 90; Katie Hubbard,90; Craft King, 90; William Sauer,90; Ruth Dickison, 91; Edward Dalzell, 91; Ella May Harrison, 91;Jewell Maxey, 91; Lucy Westerfield,;91; Edward Merringer, 92; EugeneStrother, 92; Katherme Towler, 92;Elizabeth Watson, 92; EdwardTemplin, 92; Charles Cook, 93; Elsieison.Mrs. Texie Letton Willianioand daughter, Miss Margaret Williams, were recent guests of Mrs.Leona Bergman, in Lexington. MissWilliams has been attending schoolin Abingdon, Virginia.The Burgin correspondence ofthe Danville Messenger says: "Mr.Jesse Bradshaw, one of our bestyoung men," has accepted a positionwith the Mason-Hanger Construction Company, in Paris, and hasgone on duty."Miss Louise icenney, who hasbeen connected with the Peoplesand Deposit Bank, for some months,has resigned, to accept a position asbook-keeper with the BourbonLumber Company. Miss Kenney willassume the duties of her new position on April 15.(Other Personals on Page 5.)img.:EsgarBi,;nmm.i.i.i.lMSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on 'your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Home Phone 3S9PARIS, KENTUCKYs(till July 1)Hogan, 93; Ruth Payne, 93; Y. J.Judy, 93; Howard Bus, 94; HarrietKerslake, 95; Susan Howard, 95;Bryan Redmon, 96; Jessie Irvine, 97;James Merringer, 92; Kady Elvove,98; Sara Elvove, 97; Noa Hinton, 96;Hazel Maxey, 94; Sara M. Patterson,95; Hallie Howard, 93; Jack Brennan, 95; Arthur Hancock, 95; JamesReading, 95; Edwin, Rice, 95.Teachers :Miss Alma Rice.Miss Claire Brannon.Grade VI.. Roberta Adams, 90; Marie Bishop,96; Dudley Deaver, 93; Ruth Fox,90 ; Gertrude Smelser, 92; Anne Cay-wood Talbott, 96; Lucy Williams, 95;Alice Burton, 96; Rebecca Collier,94; Everett Hall, 91; Dorothy Pepper, 90; Joe Varden, 96; Edna EarleWilson, 92.Teachers :Miss Clark,Miss Farrell.Grade VII.Harry Tucker, 98; Hallan Goldstine. 97; Pansy Burns, 96; AgnesWhite, 90 ;. Edith Barlbw, 90; Frances Thompson, 90; Harry B. Clay,90; Henry Sandusky, 90; ElmetaDouglas, 90; Ethel Shanklin, 90;Louise Martin, 90.Teachers:Miss L. Ransom,Miss J. Chism,Mrs. A. Fishback.Grade VIII.Louise Fisher, 93; Lillian Talbott,92; Lucille Chipley, 91; Trella Collins, 92; Susie Leach, 91; EleanorPlummer, 91; Alberta Myers, 90;Nell Winn Hinton, 91; Nettie Dalzell, 90.oSTATE EPW0RTH LEAGUE TOMEET IN LEXINGTON.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, StatePresident of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League, M. E. Church,South, has formally announced thatthe League Conference will be heldat the First Methodist Church, inLexington, June 29 to July 2.The constitution provides that:"Each Senior League shall be entitled to one delegate for everythirty members and one additionaldelegate for a fraction. No chapterj-hall be deprived of one delegate.Each Junior chapter shall be entitled to one delegate. Each pastoral charge'' having no League chapler shall be entitled to one delegate.The Presiding Elders and pastorsshall be entitled to be delegates exofficio.'' Mr. Snapp says a very strong faculty of speakers and institute workers will be present. Among thosealready secured are Rev. Ralph Eugene Nollner, of Missouri, assistantGeneral Secretary, and Miss HelenK. Boulware, of California, JuniorIntermediate Superintendent, bothof the Central Office Epworth Leagueat Nashville, Tenn. Miss FannieO'Brien and her assistant, Miss Powell, of Jenkins, Ky., will also takepart in the program.The morning sessions will be devoted to Prayer and Bible Classesand Studies in Epworth LeagueMathods. The afternoons will begiven over to business sessions andsessions will consist of inspirationalsossions will consist of inspriationaiaddresses and stereopticon lectures.The three League chapters inLexington, Park church, Epworthchurch and First church have jointly agreed to entertain the conferenceand J. A; Bricken, 163 Rand avenue,Lexingtdn, has been selected to actINSTINGT EAVF 1r' HER FIRST SIGNOF ITS MERITS IuThe! Minute I Tasted Trutona ISaid, Here's a Real Medicine,And It Proved To Be,"Avers Nurse.i-OUISYILLE, KY., April IS, j1920. Mrs. F. C. Spanyer, formerlyan emergency nurse at the city hospital, is another well-known Louisville nurse, who recommends theuse of Trutona, the Perfect Tonic.Like others, Mrs. Spanyer not onlybacks her claims regarding Trutonawith several years' experience as anurse, but she has also taken thePerfect Tonic,- and knows from actual experience just what it will do.To read the following statementof Mrs. Spanyer is to become convinced of the fact that Trutona istrufy a preparation of unusualmerit a medicine worthy of trialno matter how many others -havefailed to give you relief."My system was generally rundown," Mrs. Sapanyer said, "Ihad indigestion so bad that I couldhardly eat anything. My backwould ache . frequently and ,1 oftenhad headaches which would be accompanied with dizziness. I felttired out all the time, too, andcould hardly do my housework. I'lltell you I was in awful shape.""I was formerly an emergencynurse at the city hospital and 1ought to be able to judge the meritsof a medicine when 1 have had experience with all kinds tor years.Well sir, I guess that's why the minute I tasted Trutona I said, "there'sa real medicine all right." and believe me, it has proven to be.""I give Trutona credit for makingan entirely -new woman of me. AndTrutona did it after many othermedicines had flatly failed. I'mable to eat heartily now and thefood digests and doesn't hurt me abit. I get up in the mornings feeling fine and I'm able to do all of myhousework now.""I do hope that other people, whoare suffering from troubles likemine, will take the advice of anurse who knows, and try Trutona."Trutora is sold in Paris at Varden& Son's, the Druggist. (auv)Attractive New Merchandise in the Art NeedleWork DepartmentFirst Floor RearlWe are showing a full line ofv RoyalSocietyUnderwear -put up in packages contain-ing material and sufficientfloss to complete garment.Also a complete assortment otChildren's StampedDressesInfant size to 12 years. Theycome in heavy and sheer materials.AimSriWaddcH'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedon until you have tried Dr. Waddell'sPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to give absolute satisfaction ormoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourdruggist If not write us.edicineCo.SnuthsGroVeKy.BROOKS & NAPP,Paris. KentuckyAn early inspection of theseseems, recommendable, as reorders are slow in being filledand we have a complete stockof them at the present time.v-WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.8ilglglglglg3?lgl5isgggsi;- - ' fummiA Tip to the FarmerSee COLLIER BROS.About REED'S YELLOW DENT and BOONE COUNTYWHITE SEED CORN. Also VEGETABLE and FARMFERTILIZERS of all kinds.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 2S7mnnmnsEEfsnsEinzmmmnWEST BADEN SPRINGS HOTELp jH0glijp3iy8 ffiyVj; r jLTHE MOST BEAUTIFUL RESORT IN AMERICAThe Charm of the Great Atriumis unchanging. In this -wonderful, immense indoor garden there is rest, relaxation, never-enduingdelight.Golf, Horseback Riding, Motoringin the foothills of the Cumberlands. A wealth of scenic beauty and abundant pleasures of thebig outdoors.The Sherwoodsorchestra and versatile entertainers, in daily musical features and novelty dance programs everynight.Mineral Springs and Bathsfamous for more than a century for curative properties and for the renewalstrength.Health, Rest, Recreation, PleasureSend for Illustrated Foldersof vitality andlJ AMERICAN Ifr SPRUDEL J--WESTTHEBADEN SPRINGSWEST BADEN, INDIANACO. I!PV-:r-.v -.:-VJ5-Kr!m- iiv'.'-vm?la 1M'A,;T.3Ct-v'ry--.r---iiilfJas presidentrhost.V1,f','VWt'AV. jvst-f ..- - rfw.-"." -.f Js ' rh ' , J,' i.twJ."a i.JW 5-rL;-x ' -;lV-SVTfrCH,i ..v-,AJA ivr"1V . Jt:FARIS? KENTUCKY.I ""HTHE BOURBON NEWS,TUESDAY APlUli 13, istifiAiA.-rrt"S1.M.1';-i.TlinriGER FLOYD RECEIVES '20-YEAR SEEVICE-XMBLEM. The Cumberland Telephone andTelegraph Company has for yearsmade recognition of worth and service a -part of its program in treat-iog with employes. All managerswho have given twenty years faith' f ul service 'to the company besides. being substantially rewarded, arepresented with a beautifully engraved badge, emblematic of the twenty, v years' service. One1 of these hasjust been presented f to Mr. H. H.Floyd, local manager of the Cumberland "Exchange. The emblem was""accompanied by the following Metier-:. "Atlanta, Georgia, April, T.yzu."Mr. Henry S. "Floyd,"Commercial Department, Paris,Ky.j "Dear Mr. Floyd: I am glad, indeed, that you have achieved a termof service entitling you to a new service record emblem bearing thenufcieral 20. The loyalty on yourjart which has bound you to the. "company is appreciated by the company and its officials. The companyon its iart lias endeavored to makethe association such as to add to"your personal "happiness and material welfare. This new badge of, honor marks another milestone inour happy relations, and inspires me.to wish that it may continue indefinitely and grow in strength andaffection."With best wishes, 1 amSincerely Tours,Signed) "J. 13PPS BROWN, Prcs."MATRIMONIAL..A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CpuntvClerk Pearce Paton to Harry" Hill,son of J. S. Hill, ,and Miss MaryBramel, daughter of Charles Brameirall of P.aris. This is the secondventure in the matrimonial line forthe groom-eleot.CALL ON JOHN T. COLLINSSTATE SENATOR:FORWIND ELMORE.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wind, ofNorth Middletown announce themarriagebf their daughter, Amelia,to Thomas' D. Elmore, of Lancaster,on Monday afternoon, April 5, at3:30 o'clock, in Indiana.MALONEY LINEHAN.Friends and relatives in thiscity have received announcementcards, worded as follows:"Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Mahoney announce the engagement "of theirdaughter, Margaret Francena, toMr. William A. JCenihan, of Detroit.Michigan."Mr. Lenihon isa former residentof Paris, a son of the late WilliamLenihan, a brother of Frank Lenihan, and Misses Irene and Margaret Lenihan. of Paris, and T.C.Lenihan, and Mrs. Charles Dodd, of1 Lexington. During his residence in'Paris, he was a clerk in the-groceryof T. C. Lenihan. He was one o' the most popular young men inthe city. TI:e wedding will takeplace this month.Below is a listo Bourbqn Counjtycitizens who have signified a desireto have Mr. John T. Collins, of Paris,represent this district vas State Senator in the next session' of the Kentucky Legislature, that, honor irirotation, now falling to Bourboncounty: .X. OP J- jKEETING.EURBRIDGE AUSTIN.An interesting rumor is tnat ofThe members of A. J. Lovely Co., the approaching marriage of MissNo 34, Uniform Rank, Knights ot Mary Burbridge and Mr. Frank AusPythias are requested to meet at tin, both of Lexington, which istheir Armory, in the Wilson Build- r-cheduled to take place in June,ing. at 7:30 o'clock, Wednesday Miss Burbridge is a former resiriglit. Full uniform requested. . dent of Paris, a daughter of the lateBuhiness of importance.W. W. DUDLEY, Captain.(Oscar Burbridge, of Hutchison, andc, sister of Jas. M. Burbridge, formany years in the revenue service inthis county. She js a popular raemDer of one of Kentucky's prominentfamilies. She is now on a visit torelatives in Chicago and other' citiesTr.;i.r..,, ir;i ..i- .. : :. Il'l U1U WttSl. I'll- jeVUSLlIl I1U1US U, IB-j.co.ij.vm. man viciiv C.XU.11111JUL1UII, ! ... ... ,, x , ,"K-ontiifikv at.-iv is TTmr0 aJ sponsible position in the Internal0f Ao ic.oc oi ci onn " I Revenue Collector's office, at Lex-x,. -.J.-,V., J-V ut.Railway Mai! ClerksSalary $1,300 to?i,buu. jiiivpj -uiice unnecessary.Men desiring 't take examinationswrite immediately for free particulars. J. LEONARD,(Former Government Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C. 13-3t)I ington, and is veryJ large circj Kentucky.popular withatNOTICEATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIfT'S BLOODAND BONE EERTILIZER have. Notice is hereby givea the admin- j gj 8F SD?!?istrator of Charles Stephens, de-! FIVE PER CENT POTASH,ST?? firm nfS &'vilins partners which is two to four per centin the firm of the Power. Grocery ; uADP - .Company, have purchased and taken MvlKL man nas- been fllanU-?fraI1 of,His sare ami interest i'sfactured since before the war.the firm of the Power Grocery Com- T - - . -pany and that the estate of Charles j "akc a DaS r tVVO OUttO yourStephens has retired from the linn . plant beds HOW, and let USof the Power Grocery Company, this 1 . 1 r tApril 1, 3920. uuuk yuur uruer lor wnat youwoodford spears, i require for your pakh beforert.un.-iiusLiuior ol unaries aiepnens. :- ic all crsinoCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.il3-4t)Health Notice!feb27-tf)I THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTI One great cause for the high cosieven here in Paris, Ky.In other worfls, there are too manyI r$ liirinv c 4-lirf 4-1 sws -v n . ,-wa SS&U?f .n,?J??rt ? SoSle "tl - to "dit ,KwM&u nviu in. liic umuc ui ui. kj. i vorkinvj. iuugnerLy on me stn or April,iauy neiiT T .7 CBl LU J-. drones eating up what the workerscued ilflv wm5Ve''e df"lcre Producing As lonff as this coni1d ,iefly ihSe Pertaining to ;(lition exists food stuffs wi be hi huii cm. pujs. emu vuuuiiiuuon. i-ne 'Board orderedgeneral vaccination.meaning all persons within' the Citylimits who have never been, or whoJiavOiot been vaccinated in the lastseven years. This order to becomeimmediately operative. There beingno further business the Board, adjourned to meet upon call.7 A. H. KELLER,Approved:,ja G. DAUGHERTY.JO. S. VARDEN.As shown by the census evervoit3r s showing a large increase inpopulation, while the countiy districts show a falling off. If tin-,farmers do not work fifteen hours aday and double their pioduction,these birds in the cities will be eating one another like cannibals arodoing in the" Fiji Islands.oOur idea of a pessimist is a person who can't admire orange blossoms for thinking of the lemon crop.4 jHrTHE SOLUTIONof battery troubles.Equip yourcar with an46t6;I LightifI tJatferies"' jfor -faAutomobilesE," MExtbe" Batterybacked by'Bxioe" Service10 Months Guaranteeon RepairsCall On Mr. Collins.The undersigned, farmers andbusiness men of Bourbon County, respectfully call on you to permit theuse of your name as a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Senrator from this District, comprisingthe Counties of Bourbon, Clark andMontgomery, and in making this, request we submit reasonsfor our insistant demand that ydu give thematter your earnest consideration. 'Bourbon, Clark and MontgomeryCounties need, and must have, athoroughly capable and live man torepresent this District in the nextKentucky Legislature for the reasonthat many far reaching and highlyimportant matters are to be disposedof.Matters pertaining to the" betterment of the public highways, whichquestion is requiring such deepthought in solving this necessary, andall important question, as well asprogressive ligislation affecting thetirr-lrkYlol l vi4-iy.icic' rP 4-Virk CJ4-o'l-. rktsito hp. &nlvfl. Ofhpv mnfbrs rf prc jj er importance are also to be workedout by the State lawmakers andBourbon County as well as hersister counties must have a representative in the State Senate, that isequal to the big task ahead.We believe that you are eminentlyfitted to ba of great benefit to thisSenatorial District, and while werealize that your imsiness interestsare such that to rnake this race wouldentail upon you a real hardship, welikewise realize that someone mustmake the sacrifice. Someone mustlook out for Bourbon and the rermaining counties in the District aswell as the welfare of the entirestate, and you are the man, in ouropinion, bost fitted to serve the District. As a successful farmer, horseman,banker and tobacco man, your wideand varied successful financial experiences will prove of inestimablevalue in the hall of the State Senatenot only for the people of this Senatorial District, but your efforts willbe highly beneficial to the entire people of Kentucky."We are satisfied that your greatleadership in all of the late war workdrives, in which you gave not only ofyour time, but most liberally of yourmoney to all calls, and your success ;in leading every one of the waridrives to highly successful conclusions, conclusively proves your holdon the confidences of our people, andthey in turn are now urgently requesting your 'acceptance to theirpleadings that you consent to becomea candidate for the Demo'cratic nomination for State Senator from thisDistrict. 'You have responded to every patriotic call nobly in the past, and weare constrained to believe that youwill not decline to represent us.Jame.i McClureFrank P. Kiser.E. B. January(Fay Ardery ''Ben F. BucknerThos. JonesW. V. ShawBernard Santen - 'D. Parrish, (Paris)David Parrish, (County).George D. Speakes ,Harry O. James t" ,Edward Burke 'W. H. Whaley, Jr. " ,J. Miller Ward "$.!Wm. TalbotJames EussellGeorge- SmokerSidiiey Ardery, Jr. 'Ewel BenakerWoodford Buckner CThos. HinkleThos. McDonaldEd. T. HintonAlbert HintonW. O. HintonJohn Wiggins ,J. S. PooleOscar JoTinsonD. Y. L. FarleyWm. GrannanA. L. StephensonJos. Wr-Davis.I. L. PriceLawrence Price.John MarrSam HoustonJ. Harry Holt.John S. Talbott,R. C. Ruggles,Matt Lair.Jas H. Moreland:Roy Clendenin.Jas. L. Dodge.Redmon TalbottJohn Woodford.T. J. Redn.on.Jesse Alverson.Tollie Young.W. S. Haggard. 'Matt Long.Thos. Long.G. W. Redmon.John Rrseberry, 'J. C. Howard.Bush Bishop.Nat Rogers.W. W. Haley. '.Joseph Frakes.Jas Ralls.Dr. F. P. Campbell. John W. Young. ,J. W. Bell.Charles Walls. - .Ray Burrls..Reynolds Letton.Luther Rice.John T. Hedges.James M. O'Brien.Rev. W. E. Ellis.S. R. Hudnall.Chas. Peddicord.L. A. Soper.B. W. Rash.Jeff Denton.A. B. Perkins.M. O. Biddle. 'Ayelette Buckner. t. "S. B. Griffin. -James Stivers. tCharles Bell. ' VJohn Spears. v-Harmon Turner. f,Julian Fiank. - 'Logan Howard. .,Charles Mack.Joe B. Smith. , 'V. R. Hukili:Martin O'Neill.P. J. Martin.Judge George Batterton.Qoo. y. Wilder.Ed. H.' Gorey.Pearce Paton.Ph,"l Nippeit.Clarence Whaley.Elda Collier.Clarence Kenney.Steele Marsh.Dr. J. T. Van&ant.James Woodford.Lawrence Yanhook.Jamef-. Buckner.Cal "Jones.John S. Clay.Dr. Wm. Kenney.Clarence Wright.Frank Collins. vT. J. Redmon.John Yerkes.Robert C. Talbolt.Sherman Stivers.Will Wcrnall. , .D. D. Ci'ine.Chas. A. icMillan.(adv-lt)RE-ELECTED PRINCIPALw(Till fji "3E'"k 2 r-ZmMmr.r". ' or&te-J - V-"' ?'J!.'fJ,--,-J 4 ft..iU ''yyM?w9ir-jrr.inLf l.. ..'wift sim mJvagmam..mmm exide service station, ' 209 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Walter Kenney NThos. MaherWallace MitchellE. M. DicksonM. Peale CollierA. B. Hancock 'N. 'Ford BrentNewton MitchellChas. B. LaysonBuckkner WoodfordJames M. CaldwellAmos TurneyJohn DavisLou Taylor - 'Hugh BrentFrank ClayWithers DavisSam Clay 'TM. J. LavinJ. J. ConnellC. P. CookStanhope WeidemannS. P. HardngBrice Steele I -Robt. SpencerChas. A. WebberAllie JonesGrant OverbyDenis Dundon )Hence MargolenGeorge R. BellFrank P. LowryW. B. AllenWm. RemingtonJohn HildrethS. Kenney NicholsJonas WeilChas. B. MitchellCatesby SpearsBruce MillerLewis T. LillestonAlex C. Miller 'Wm. Shiire "Wm. SaundersRobert JohnsonWm. TaylorHouston CrouchOwen L. Davis . ,Frank Collins -Oscar HenryThos. ButlerThos.- Thorn 'S. W.. WillisJohn '(Pete) CainJohn LairC. C. ClarkeJohn F. YoungProf. E. M. CostelloJoe Penn RedmonWalter MengLindsay StuartJ. W. ThomasL. B. PurnellJohn MarstonT. Hart Talbot' At a recent' meeting of the ClarkBoad of Education, held in Winchester, Prof. Thos. A. Hendrickswas re-elected as principal . of theIhe Clark County High School. Prof.Hendricks 1was Superintendent ofhe Paris Public Schools for a termof vears. reslsrninjr that nosition to,nccept the piesidency of HamiltonCollege, in Lexington. This position i'fie surrendered later on- in order toake charge o.f the Winchesterschool. ', IRELAND BACK FROM CUBA"I John T. Ireland, of Paris andLexington, who now owns andtrains a large stable of horses, returned Saturday from Havana.Where he campaigned during "thewinter. Mr. Ireland stated to Parisfriends that lacing at the Cubanirack Avas on a much high planethis Aeai than it had ever been be-ffore. One of the est racers in' hisstable is the fast sprinter, Col. Tay1-lor. Mr. Ireland met many Ken-tacky people, and several" fromParis and vicinity, during his stay jin Cuba. j:JfrVyiAs?'VAAnnouncement!We are now sole agents for Burpee's seeds and have on sale a freshstock and very extensive -assorr-mentof the popular varieties, inflower and vegetable seeds.- We endeavor 'to carry in stock, allthe popular kinds, and can get onshort notice those we do not have infctock.We have a supply of catalogues tofurnish our customers. ' Get yourcatalogue here and make cuit yourlist.Everything will be furnished ator below catalogue prices.v" This affords an excellent , opportunity to obtain the most dependable seeds in a very convincing way.Ardery Drug; Co.Paris, Ky,- j(6-3t)At vTires! Tires! Tires!TEN PER CENTOrron all tires. Master Cords, Lehigh Fabrics andTubes. .Watch Friday's issue of The News forannouncement of opening date.Tire Co.Paris, KentuckyThe Paris6-1 0 Bank RowDONT DODGE. WHEN THESE QUESTIONS AREPUT SQUARELY UP TO YOU !Suppose something should happen to youto-night what would your wife and childrendo? Where would they get the income to support them?Could they go on living as they have done?Could the children remaiu in school?' Could they keep the roof over their heads?Have you provided the means which willdo this for them?These are all guod questionspractical, hard-headed, vitalcan you answer them?We can help you answer them in a waythat will confer a lasting benefit to your family?R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank Bldg.PARIS, KY.Assets ......:..' s. $440,861,775.75Annual Dividend to Policy Holders in 1920 $16,100,000.00AWe Are Doing the Best WeCan to Help Reduce the H. C. L.jSUBBIHPa'V-V 5iV-wV5fe.3BSJlJmh:-;. voai.CLOTHES.TOafMCjM , ....'Jrtx - ;krf.nrrm?5i MwX'V"' - . .MMM. ' -.--r :-s. y , . . -,Jt& . . " .', . 'i?U ' - -.8PV' ' , ' Jh'SAT?tm''Wi,wwoirTo help you weare selling Men's Suits,Hats, Shoes and Furnishings at the verylowest possible prices.You are cordially invited to inspectour merchandise, whether wishing tobuy or not."SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS.'' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricesv mtt - r, ct.'.4,-?- ,,f,H- -.ryaw,1' f f. FT'yvxvi-' ' Ifts ft-'.xfS-JT ",'yAsVy,.. s.r --A,-fi-r4 "Vr'r--b. -A". ...rf- r'JiV-;rV.N,TUESDAY APRIL 13, mocHJ" .-t"$nTHfi BOimDON NEWS, PAIUS, KENTUaiTT.1 'iv . ; ..01. St s555a55!5!!!5-uggwtefe?.COR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESEED SWEET POTATOESShipment of the best seed sweetpotatoes just received. Let us nilvour order.(3t) C. P. COOK & CO.o .GET CENSUS PADSCounty School Su.erintendent J.B. Caywood requests all schooltrustees who have not yet securedtheir school census pads, to call athis office, in the court house andsecure them. The census returnsmust be in before May 1.oSOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Cominfs ud Goings of OurPeople Here, There and .Elsewhere.jincu hi. lister left?n etexnded businessTexas and New Mexico.ed to hp; i en illiam lias return-ter v?5t?mZ ln Detroit' Mich" af"wni a,t t0 her mother, Mrs AliceSaturdaytour in.TEACHER RESIGNSMiss Nell Marrs, of Lawrenceburg, teacher of domestic science in Ihe Paris High School for the pastiwo years, has resigned her position,to take effect at the close of theDresent school term, in June. MissMans is a graduate of the ThomasSchool of Home Economics, at Detroit, Mich., and is one of the mostpopular and efficient members ofthe P. H. S. faculty.oHEW CITY ASSESSORWare.joYnS! H ?iay Howard has goneenter th Z'1" where he witreatment. MaJ BrS-' HoBitaI formeri?S Vi!liaf L' Yerkes forerv5ni afPiHsVis rePrted as beingCalffJrnia! hnie in LSPiiMiS8- Elizabeti Alexander, ofCincinnati, was a week-end guest atvt , MI and Mrs- A. B.Hancock, in this city.ivus. Emma Jacoby and daugh-j.xio. vviiiie Xnniroc liotro v....vU "o.c icterandAt a recent meeting of the CityCouncil, M. F. Kenneyr of Paris,was selected as City Assessor, tosucceed H. S. Redmon, who declinedthe appointment on account of pressing business engagements with thePaiis Realty Company, demandingall of his time.Mr. Kenney is well qualified forthe position, his long experience asauctioneer making him well versed,11 the values of property.oBUY NOW!lumen irom a visit to friendsrelatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig hasreturned from a visif t Aivc cr.,,.ber, of Richmond, formpriv TriOQRachel Wiggins, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M.- Hall havrreturned from "Martinsville, Indianawhere they have both been -takingtreatment at the springs.Mrs.SaJiie Berry and Miss Lune Ware have returned to TTrant.fort, after a visit to Mrs. ThompsonH. Tarr and Mrs. Alice Ware.John Robbins has returned tohis home in Detroit; Mich., after aisit to friends and relatives at hisold home, Little Rock, this county.Edward Shmners, of Cincinnati, accompanied by his soiV, JohnShinners, were visitors in Paris, Saturday and Sunday, on p businessmission?Mrs James Fightmaster, whorecently underwent a severe surgical operation at 'the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is "im-Seed Sweet Potatoes, and savemoney. They will be much highernext week.BUSY BEE 'CASH STORE.Headquarters for Garden Seeds.(13-4t)oMUTUAL REFINING CO. TO MAKEIMPROVEMENTSA contract has been let by theMutual Refining Company, of Paris,to David Gay, for the building of aswitch and spur rack for the unloading of crude oil and the loading of the refined product, at Winchester. The company plans the expenditure of $150,000 in the erection of a modern" refining plant onthe Ironworks pike. It is to have an.initial capacity of 500 barrels perday, which later may be increasedto 1,000 barrels per day, which lateimay be increased to 2,000 barrels.C. L. Bell, ofParis, is president andgeneral manager of the company.oSEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's YelJoh Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(16mar-tf)REFRIGERATORSRefrigeiators all sizes. Big bargains. Also two nice pianos. Don'tput if off. Call to-day alBUSY BEE CASH 'STORE.(3 3-2wks)o.WILL BUILD HANDSOME HOME.Contracts were let Friday eveningby John Sauer, for the erection of ahandsome new two-story brick residence on his lot in East Paris, onthe Maysville pike,' to cost approximately $30,000. The general con-ofproving.Mr. and Mrs. Watson Judy andfamily have moved from the Robneel building to the home on Houston avenie recently purchased fromFay Ardery.Mr. Dill Wheat, who marriedMiss Minnie Marsh, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. B. B. Marsh, of this city,has heen elected Mayor of Ft.Thomas, Ky., recently incorporatedas a city.W. W. Burley, formerly ofParis, en route from Tampa, Pla.,where he spent the winter, to hishome in Wyandotte, Michigan, is aguest of his son, A. L. Burley, andMrs. Burley.Among those attending thefinal performance of the Ziegfield"Follies" in Cincinnati, Saturday,were Maurice Clark, J. R. Farmerand Norman Soper, three wellknown young men of Paris.Anderson Cahal has returnedfrom a trip to Detroit, Mich. Mr.Cahal made the return trip overland driving his new Studebakercar, recently purchased from theMcDonald-Gibson Co.. of Paris.Miss May Gorey has returnedto her school duties at NazarethAcademy, after a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward H.Goiey, of Te-nth street. Miss Goreyis the youngest member of the 1920graduating class.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodfoidand family, who have been occupying the home of Mrs. Hannah Butler, Von Vine street, during the latter's 'absence in Florida, have movedback to their country home.Mrs. J. H. Butler and daughter,Miss XiOrine Butler, who have beenspending the winter in Daytona,Florida, have returned, ' after making a visit to Mr. and Mrfe. MerrittShobe, in Salem, New Jersey.A. L. Boatright, choiister, ofthe Paris Christian chinch, is-con-ductjngthe song service at a seriesof revival meetings hein? held atthe Christian church in Owensboro.The meeting will continue twoweeks.Misses Mildred and Marie Collins, of Paris, attended -the buffetluncheon gnen by Mrs. AlbertShouse, Saturday, at her countryfcome neai Lexington, in honor ofthe bride-elect, Miss ElizabethRhodes. -Claude M. Thomas has returntract was let to Wolfe BrosGeorgetown, the sub-contracts being Ld fl0)11 an extended business triplet to the following Paris people: 1 , tpysc? nnH Oklahoma. Mr.Hatfield Bappert, brick work;foundation and stone work, Thos.Woods Mansfield-Jefferson LumbeiCo., lumber: C. A. Daugherty, painting; John Meringer, plumbing.Metalwork, heating plant, and othercontracts will be let at another date.The new home will be one of themost convenient and modernlyLuilt in the county. One of thefeatures will be a garage, whichAill be located in the building propti, just beneath a spacious sleeping porch. When completed theiinmo will h nnmnied by Mr. andMis. Sauer.o-VANDALS STEAL FLOWERS- FROM PABIS CEMETERY-Complaints are being made bylot-owners that vandals are stealingcut flowers and even flower vasesfrom lots in the Pains Cemetery. Ina number of instances potted plantshave been removed entirely froml-eds, cut flowers and vines stolentnd a general scheme of destructionAllied onUnder the law a penalty of $25fine or imprisonment, or-, both, isprovided at- punishment for suchdesecration. Should the guilty parties be apprehended they will be?iven the extreme penalty, which is:ot severe tnough at that. Desecration of graves and surroundings isan act of the most extreme vandalism, and should, and will be, fittingly and promptly punished.Superintendent Wm. Smith iskeeping a vigilant watch on theground in hopes of catching thePuilty party or parties. In .someKases flowers have been innocentlytaken away by children, hut, children ne Iomov o-rnwth must be atThomas went to Louisville, Friday,where he presided at the meetingof the Saddle Horse Breeders' Association. Samuel Dick has returned Johis home in Louisville after a "visitto his mother, Mrs. Nellie Dick, andsister, Miss Florence Dick, in NorthMiddletown. Mr. Dick is engaged inthe insurance business in Louisvillewith his brother, Woodford Dick.W. H. Wikoff, auctioneer for theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,during the past season, underwent asuccessful operation recently forappendicitis, at the Mayo Bros.'Hospital in Rochester, Minn. Apost-card to Paris friends stated yesterday that he was doing very nicelyat that time.Richmond Register: "Mr. andAirs. Brown Lee Yates and chidren,of Paris, have returned home attera several days' stay with Mrs.Collins Yates and Mrs. Sallie YatesMcKee .Mr. J. M. Alverson andtwo handsome sons, of Paris, arehere visiting the former's mother.Mrs. Mattie Alveison on Highstreet.""Auvergne," the beautiful country home of Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, onthe Winchester pike, near Paris,was the f.cene Friday afternoon ofone of the most brilliant socitl gathering? of the after-Lenten season, itheing the first large social event ofthe spring season. The home. wasbeautifully decorated for the occasion. Receiving with ihc hostesswere the guest of honor, Mrs. W. E.Elite and her visitors, Mrs. M. H.Dickinson and Mrs. J. W. Lovington, both qf Texas. AJuffet-lmch-conwa st-rved Mrs. Clay was as7Ufsted ir entertaining ,me iarg-number c quests nv rs. wm. u.wtnton. Mrs. J. T. Vartsant, Mrs.niinvitnn Alexander. Mrs. Wade H.town guests were a large numberfrom Winchester, Lexington, andother surrounding cities. 'i-Miss Ida Spears, of Waterloo,Iowa, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Benj. Woodford, nearParis.Dr. a-nd Mrs. D. S. Henry andfamily have returned from a winter's stay in Florida and South Carolina. Harry Horton, of Shelbyville,spent the week-end in this city as aguest of his parents Mr. and Mrs.J. Lawrence Horton.Mrs. R. L. Wilson and daughter, Miss Cora Lee Wilson, have returned from Winterhaven, Florida,where they spent the winter.Mrs. George Crqsdale has returned to her home in Lexingtonafter a visit to .her daughter, Mrs.Harry B. Fithian, and Mr. Fithian.Mrs. J. Miller Ward is visitingher sons, J. Miller Ward, Jr., andSam Clay Ward, who are studentsin the university of Virginia, atCharlottesville, Va. .Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wilsonand Mrs. James Farmer and daughter, Miss Heien Farmer, have returned from a winter's stay in Winterhaven, Florida.Oscar Holliday, of Muncie, Ind.,en route home from a winters' stayin Tampa and other Florida points,is a guest of his niece, Mrs. GeorgeW. Judy and Mr. Judy.Mrs. M. H. Dickson and her sister, Mrs. J. W. Lovington, of Ft.Worth, Texas, are guests at thehome of Rev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis,at Main and Tenth streets.Mr, and Mrs. Edward Fithianand babe motored from Louisville,Sunday, for a visit to the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles N..Fithian. Mr. Fithian returnedyesterday , Mrs. Fithian remainingfor a longer visit.Miss Lucy Simms, of Paris,member of the State Board of Charities and Correction, attended ameeting of that body held in Lexinton, Saturday, for the purpose of inspecting the State Reform School atGreendale, and considering applications foi paroles.Lancaster Cor. Lexingtdn Herald: "One of the prettiest events ofthe past week was the dance at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Joe Burnsidefor their granddaughter, MissJohnette Farra and her sniests, MissImo Farra and her house guest, MissImo Muir, Bardstown; Miss MaryFjances Campbell, Paris; and MitsPeggy Mai tin, Lexington, Missouri."The Lamdba Alpha Chapter ofthe Chi Omega Freternity, University of Kentucky, the Chi Chapter ofTransylvania and Hamilton Collegescelebrated the twenay-fifth anniversary of the fraternity with the an-nual Founders' Day banquet at thePhoenix Hotel, Friday evening.Among those in attendance wereMrs. Amos Turney, Jr., and MissMary -Fithian Hutchcraft, of Paris.Lexington Leader: ? "Mr. andMrs. Roy J. Batterton and twin babies, of Bourbon county, spent Easter week with Mrs. Batterton's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Highfield,408 Rose Lane.... Mr. and Mrs.John Connell and Mr. and Mrs.Denis Dandon, of Paris, were hereThursday evening for the first performance of the Stroller play."Miss Margaret Ferguson andbrother, Mr. Hugh Ferguson, andtheir guests, Mrs. William O'Fallon,of St. Louis, spent the week-end inCincinnati as guests of Mr. and Mrs.William Clarke. Mrs. O'Fallon wasa guest of honor last week at a reception given by Mr. Ferguson andMiss Ferguson, at their countryhome near Paris. A three-coursedinner was served, after which theguests enjoyed bridge.The National baseball seasonwill open to-morrow. At Cincinnati the Reds, -champions of lastseason, will face the Chicago WhiteSox, for the opener. Paris fanswill be in attendance. Among thosewho will attend the opening gameare Coroner Rudolph Davis, Robt.S. Porter, Pearce Paton, Dr. W. CUssery. W. V. Shaw and HenrySJjS4 0N..t cp.Main Street, Paris, Ky.:-i"$'JifterCasterReduction SaleWOMEN'S AND MISSES'" SILK DRESSESs. VWti$39.50-jNice Line of Suits, Coats, Millinery andBlouses at moderate prices.Also in our Piece Goods Departmenton display a full line of Spring Voiles,Organdies and White Goods.SIMON &,- CO.Main Street, Paris, KentuckyR1lilifllffWAVcsflowers, eyen thevases they haveof larser srrowtnfcvnrlr wlioti thav remove whole DOtFof flowers andvast quantities of, cut J Whitley. Mrs. Lizzie Walker, MrsxAmnc Tnfnev. . Jr.- Mid liss Eliza-Santen, and a large numberother double-dyed baseball fans.-Vrhis afternoon and evening theCincinnati Symphony Orchestra willgive concerts in Lexington, whichwill be attended by large numbersf music lovers from all parts of theBluegrass seeuon. several box parties from Paris and the county willatten'd bo'th performances. Dr. andMrs. C. G. Fisher, of the Millersburg'College, will chaperone a party olcollege students and occupy boxesat tne matinee performance.-: In compliment to TCentuckyguests al St. Petersburg, Fla., soonto leave for their homes. Dr. J. S.Barnes and Mrs. Barnes entertainedrecently with a porch party. Theveranda was decorated with clusters of nasturtiums and tall .vases ofAmerican Beauty roses, while a trellis of Cherokee roses, alongside theporch, added greatly to the attractiveness of the scene. Among theguests present were Mrs. Ed. Nippert, Mrs. John TCollins, Mrs. JohnJ. Redmon and Mr. Wm. H. McMillan, of Paris.The Paiis Literary Club willold the last meeting of the clubseason in tljX' club rooms on Mainstreet to-morrow afternoon. It willbe "President's" Day," when an attractive program will be presented.The president, Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott,requests tnat every memoer be present, bringing with her a guest. Atthe last meeting the club voted thefollowing donations: Massie Memorial Hospital Fund, '$25; Longfellow Memorial $2; Endowment Fundfor Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs, $50.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oTEACHERS' MEETING.jmMmiAUJWjiMMAywfnii;-..-MUTP!"V-nh.'V -?:"IKV COLUMBIA GRAF0N0LA?The Only Non-Set Automatic Stop Talking Made. Wehave them from $50 to $250. Why buy anything but thebest?The regular meeting of the teachers of Bourbon county schools washeld Saturday at tbe hone of CountySuperintendent J. B. Caywood, nearParis. Addresses were delivered byProf. Charles D. Lewis, of BereaCollege, and Prof. J. T. Coates, ofthe Eastern Kentucky Sfate NormalSchool, at Richmond. At this meeting payment checks for the seventhmonth of the scholastic year weregiven to tbe teachers by Supt. Cay,NEW. COLUMBrA RECORDSALWAYS IN STOCK. COME IN AND LET US PLAYTHEM FOR 'YOU.No. 2857. -Wondering; You Can't Get Loving Where There-vAint Any Love Lewis' Jazz Band,s." No. 2858,No. 2861.and Jolson.Rose Room; Cairo Art Hickman Orchestra.Was There Ever a Eal Like You; Chloe BurrNo. 2863. All I Want is You; When the-Harvest Moon isShining Lewis James.No. 2878.Miams.I'm Sorry I Ain't Got It; CheckersAnd Many Others,Bert WiPTHE J. T. HINTON CO:EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach ISIXTH AND MAIN:r.-Jv f" i-asf.y-'!Ci'J:1'Jm.S (2oc-n placed in.1-hAff-Fl M'innT-V- AlUUUfe , w' w.wood..dN-- a. '---w- - Vi oiit-nf-T iiV rTHE BOURBON NEWS, , PAWS KENTUCKYTUMDAY APRIL 13, 112.. jJ5-1rttyW"lSX- iVi!tertsBKW-,'H&i ..i, if 3r yLvVJ' vSHE DESDOF GE1TING WELLWas Almost a Nervous and Physi- cal Wreck Gains 10 Pounds.Feels JFine, Now"I am just so .happy over whatTanlac has done for me that I wantto tell everybody I meet about it,"was the enthusiastic statementmade recently by Mrs. S. T. Diggs,of 810 North. Twenty-second Street,Richmond, Va."I had suffered for six years before I began taking Tanlac," continued Mrs. Diggs, "and was almosta complete nervous and physicalwreck. I had headaches constantlyand I was so nervous that the noiseof the street car would nearly runine distracted. I had little appetite and my digestion was so bad.that what I ate nauseated me. Mytongue was coated and I had a badtaste in my mouth. 1 had awfulmothering spells and would get soizzy I would almost fall. 1 hadrheumatism so bad in my leftshoulder chat I could not raise myarm and I could get but little restat night. Many a time when morning came I felt completely wornout. I was operated on, but when Icame home I was as bad off as everand grew -vorse and worse till Igave up in despair."One day my husband brought mea bottle of Tanlac and I was astonished when I began to feel better after the first dose. I continued totake it without missing a dose. Today I am on my fourth bottle andall my troubles have been completelyovercome and I never have an acheor pain of any kind. I am in thevery best of health, have gainedten pounds and am feelinand stronger than I have in years.I eat everything I want, sleep fineat night and am doing all my houseTvoik. The headaches and dizzyspells are gone rni ail traces ofrheumatism have left me. Myliervesare so steady I can stand any kindof noise. Tanlac is rightly calledthe 'Master Medicine,' for it hasmastered all my troubles and I consider it worth its weight in gold!"Tanlac is sold in Paris at PeoplesPharmacy. (adv)ANOTHER TKAUB EXPOSED.At the so-called Bluegrass Fair,at Lexington, last summer, one ofthe attractions was an old mountaineer named John Shell, "who wasadvertised as being 131 years old.He was handed around as one of thewonders of the age, and got morefree advertising than any freak inthe bunch. Now comes one, Dr. I.L. Nascher, of New York, who wentto the mountain home of Shell, onGreasy Creek, and after hunting upthe census reports since 1840, theDoctor is convinced that JohnShell was horn in Knox county,Tennessee, and that he is now 98years of age. Those Lexington fakirs got hold of him and made himbelieve that he was the oldest manin the world and coined money fromthe .credulous public on the strengthof it. Truly Barnum was right whenhe said the American people likedto be humbugged.oIEMany Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying Kidney Ills.Our observation is that folks forgive a man's trousers for bagging atthe knees if they bulge at the pockets.Are you bothered with too frequent action of the kidneys? Arethe secretions highly colored dothey contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris people recommend Dopn's Kidney Pills. Ifyour back aches and your kidneysare weak you will find no betterrecommended remedy.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe woist. There was a constant,dull np.hp m mv hnolr nil fho timobetter j and 0f ten sharp, cutting pains darted thiough it. It sometimes seemedas though I could hardly endure themisery. I tried different remedieswith no gobd Tesults. I heard ofDoans Kidney Pills ard procuredthem from the Ardery Drug Co. Thefirst box helped me and I continuedtaking them until cured. Attackssince then have always been slight.Doan's Kidney Pills have neverfailed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Mil-buinCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oINFLUENZAstart&withaColdmws'the firstk'BBVIJKill theCoId. AtI sneeze takeKILL'S?cascaraquinineJOMfl .Standard cold remedy for 20 yearsm tablet form sate, sure, nos breaks up a cold in 24hours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Kedtop with Mr. Jim spicture.At All Drug StmrcaAlligators and Crocodiles.Fourt-n feet is about the limit oflength for an nllipatnr. but the crocodile is a much larger jinminl when fullgrown, specimens .') foet long beingnot uncommon. Crocodile oggs, whichhave har'd shells and look like gooseeggs, are considered good to eat inthe tropics.oHOW IS YOUR COMPLEXION?k. opiate:BBBt.A woman should grow more beautiful as she grows older and she willuith due regard to baths, diet andexercise, and by keeping her liverand bowels in gocd working order.If you are haggard and yellow,your eyes losing their' lustre andwhites becoming yellowish, yourflesh flabby, it may be due to indigestion or to a sluggish liver.Chamberlain's Tablets correct thesedisorders.(adv)K1RKIGEO! W. DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'xlijl I IIII J yPI'; ' TISi: UNIVERSAL CAR 111t ' " SijnriT!c Ford Coupe with an electric self-starting, r.r,d lighting system is one of the most popularmem hers of the Ford Family. It isapermar.uirir enclosed car, with sliding plate glassv.inuo ssn open car with plenty of shade.Then in inclement weather, enclosed and cozy,dust-proof and rainproof. Just the car fortraveling salesmen, ph . sicians, architects, contractors, builders, and a regular family car fortwo. Dcrnoun ta ble rims with 3 J-incli tires allaround. Fo women it brings the convenienceand comforts of the tlecHc with the durabilityand ernnonr of t,-3 Ford car. Early orders willavoid lon2 delays in delivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Pans, Ky.HI111AH(4f J- y. Ill-iWC IIIMfff .i23uJ-.t3iM rwrr rfraif IIIrrr-cJS ' ' '' "T?T 430 jT1: tS?r III- Ha'? - wg5i!5j3ji x Vt.' IllKentucky's Greatest Clothing Institutiont amiBliiflBv 'v,..ibbl j0Z SSSl. 3aaXt - n . oHuh-amJ 4 HaV mradr JbOgL 'VvvviBmMUsmJssMlis&2&bA ' 3BHyojJlBWaHBaW '-''.m a iair - mwRAy isasfsxMm!ai&X&ZQkWL m .laiff -j-v.. V' a y iriBl - - '.-5 w' . !i 5$rcSRM - 'ii I VA v vrtrfl -v t mitts M.VA I v"Tl -.' -li k 1 Jr. I NWJvWTi .- r' 11 iQJESUII IvxAvvv'in'' , m Aw&Lil IXwjVV.M M Jaiifix If 1 tSZ3f" ' JuSr uS? SSSc&tt jtka r' jaaFwi nfwkwffKksssmSSBSsriy StylesJuvexuLesf -These are really novel little models thesort of fabrics, styles and trimming treatments that are veryuncommon. Dressy ideas that are cute and yet practical.Mothers admire their excellence and elegance and fathersapprove the exceedingly reasonable prices we've placedupon them. Choice fabrics; securely tailored for a mostsatisfying durability. Better come to Louisville ! ?Come to this store and see the new things the things that areexactly right the fashions which are to be worn by men the worldover this season, Here you find only style that is sensible, in goodtaste, English and American styles. Advance window displays.Vi$& Stare Santorize(Wa&sW1(RUTCHEReSTARKSjg FOURTH AND MW JEFFERSON.Granville ft. Bur f on SonsLouisville, U. S. A.vLouisville's Middle Name Is Crutcher & StarksMOTHER!'California Syrup of Figs"Child's" Best Laxative)(THIS LOOKS LIKE HOGGING THE iCOIN.-Fr V.'XKU:'itJ!Lrvi,MAAccept "California" Syrup ofFij?s only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, lher and bowels'Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."A thoroughbred Poland Clunaog, which Williams Brotheis, Villjsca, Iowa, brr-eders, bought fifteenmonths ago for $265, was soldThursday to W. H. Ellsworth, ofGoldfield, loa; for $40,000, declared to be the highest price everpaid for a hog.oMany a man's point of view needssharpening.-o-IJ What causes JAn excess of acid in the stomachsou is the food and starts ferpienta-.uigiressmg' gases rorm. Mealstion.aon t aigest but lay like lumps oflead. Then you have heartburn, flatulence, fullness, belching, headacheand real misery in the stomach andintestines.A few tablets of "Pape's DiapepsinM bring relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach. "Pape:sDiaDensin" costs ntfi Q ,,v.J., m i.a I vw " ".j. -la, vauv-i-n; . i stores. - (adv)'LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads. " ILet us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyThe. News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason' Work Done Right,'L-' jf yJl$&Ur- 1. "tisittm&'- V vi-i. r' K " I- 7. .. 'y,?V - ,1 -'?'- ' .h.STUESDAY APRIL 13, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTAsmfmfjm'vr-srSpring Is Here, But AreYou Ready to Partakeof Pleasures OfferedRODMAN TAKES ISSUESIMS. 'WITHTrutona Is Daily Winning Unstinted PraiseFrom Hundreds For Overcoming, Tired,Draggy, "No-Account" Feeling SoPrevalent During thePresent SeasonDoes the coming of Spring withall its pleasures mean anything toyou?"That all depends," may heyour answer and admittedly, "it alldepends" it all depends uponwhether or not your system haswithstood the exacting siege ofwinter that leaves in its wake somany thousands of people with completely run-down systems.In fact, conspicuously in theminority are those who have completely avoided the ravages of winter maladies. True, there are thousands who were successful in warding off attacks of influenza and stillmore thousands who escaped pneumonia, but WHO IS THERE THATDID NOT EXPERIENCE AT LEASTONE HEAVY WINTER COLD DURING THE PAST SEASON? Remember, only second in seventy topneumonia and influenza, is . theLeavy, winter cough or cola.Like pneumonia and influenza,winter coughs and colds tend toweaken and materially affect almostcverv vital organ of the body. Peo-Tle who have suffered a heavy win-1 yourter cough, yet feel tnat meir y&toms have escaped the strain ofwinter weather, are sadly mistaken.If they could but grasp the facts,they would not wonder why theyfeel so tired, sluggish, lifeless andgenerally out-of-fix, whenknow they should be full ofand vitality, in perfect harmonywith, the invigorating breezes andsnushiny weather of Spring.Thousands of people are now taking Trutona, the Perfect Tonic, toovercome this weakened physicalcondition so prevalent at the closeof winter and hundreds of publicstatements now being made .daily,prove that none has been disappointed in Trutona as a reconstructive agency, system purifier andbody invigorant.Trutona does its work quickly.It speedily attacks the impurities inthe blood that might, it left alone,bring serious results. It rebuildsbroken-down tissues, strengthensthe nerve centeis and producedigestion and assimilation of food,at the same time throwing off anydecayed matter that may have accumulated. In short, Trutona thoroughly and efficiently tones up everyorgan of the body and gives yourphysical being the vigor and vitality, which alone can place withinreach the many pleasureswhich spring offers tp the healthy tman and woman.Trutona is sold in Paris at Varden & Son's, Druggists.(adv-2t-T)WASHINGTON, April 12. Testifying Wednesday at his own requestbefore the Senate Committee investigating the Sims-Daniel row, AdmiralHugh Rodman, commander in chiefof the Pacific Fleet, took direct issuewith Admiral Sims' charges and criticism. Admiral Rodman denied categorically the charge that the Navy entered the war without plans or policies,that it was unprepared to fight, orthat it was a mistake to attempt todirect naval operations from Washington. The admiral said he appeared through a sense of duty and to"defend the good name of the navy"the work of which in the war henraised.Admiral Rodman declared thatnever in his more than forty years ofservice had the fleet been in a betterstate of prepardness than m thespring of 1917. Some types of vessels were lacking, he conceded, notably battle cruisers and scout cruisers, but generally speaking the Navy"was ready to fight."Without any attempt to avoid personal references, Admiral Rodmancharacterized as "vea:y indiscreet,"the Sims letter to Secretarv Daniels.t I which brought' the present investiPep" gation, and declared that Sims committed a "breach of confidence inmaking public "an intimate and confidential conversation which shouldhave been Held sacked."He was referring to Sims' statement that Admiral Benson had toldhim just before leaving for London"not to let the British pull the woolover your eyes."The charge that the Navy enteredthe war without plans or well-definedpolicies was not correct, AdmiralRodman testified, adding that experience on the general board hadgiven him opportunity to help prepare such plans, anticipating theprobable advent of the United Statesinto the war.LIFT CORNS OFFIT DOESN'T HURTWith fingers! Corns lift out andcosts only fcw centsd&yWHY BE DULLALANGUIDVjVNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house. '"UseGiectricityTor CigMingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You! UpFor the Use o! Both ,Electricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.CIncorDatcd)BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSTobacco beds on a thousand hillsides attest the progress made bythe farmers of Bourbon county ingetting ahead with their work.The beds have now been sown, andthe white-sheeted spots dot everyhillside.Spring plowing is well under wayand the farmers have taken advantage of every "dry" day to sendtheir teams and tractors throughthe fieldd turning the soil in preparation for planting the springcrops.Reports from some farmers indicate that the acreage of tobaccowill be considerably reduced for the1920 crop, while others say thatevery effort will be made to increaseif possible the amount of land tobe given to cultivation of the soothing weed. Growers do not seem toput much faith inthe possibility ofan anti-tobacco campaign, and aregoing ahead with their preparationsregardless of what may happen.Grass and pasture lands havecome out wonderfully during thepast few days. Light rains and-warm winds have helped to a largeextent to bring up the growth.Country produce and livestock continue to sell well and seem to command a ready market.A shortage of farm labor isthreatened by reason of the factthat a large number of laborershave moved to industrial centers toengage in factory work.-oTHIS SPRING?"Spring: Fever" Is Natural, But NotNecessary It's Due toSluggish BloodKEEP FEELING YOUR HAPPIESTPurify and Tone Up Your BloodWith That Famous TonicPepto-ManganPain? No, not one bit! Justdrop a little -Freezone on thattouchy corn, instantly it stops aching, then you lift that bothersomecorn right off. Yes, magic! Costsonly a few cents.Try Freezone! Your druggistsells a tiny bottle, sufficient to ridyour feet of every hard corn, softcqrn, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle ofpain, soreness or irritation. Freezone is the mysterious ether discovery of a Cincinnati genius.(adv)oDid She Mean Just That?"I want you to forget that I toldyou I didn't mean what I said aboutnot taking back my refusal to changeQiy mlud. I've been thinking it over,And I've decided that I was wrong Inthe first place." The Man "You don'treally mean that, do you, Dolly?"London Mall.HOW DIPHTHERIA IS CONTRACTEDOne often hears the expression,"My child caught a severe coldwhich developed into diphtheria,"when the truth was that the coldhad simply left the little one particularly susceptible to the wanderingdiphtheria germ. If your child hasa cold when diphtheria is prevalentyou should take him out of schooland keep him off the street untilfully recovered, as. there is a hundred times more danger of his taking diphtheria when he has a cold.When Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis given it quickly cures the coldand lessens the danger of diphtheriaor any other germ disease beingcontracted.(adv)i Ji5pR"s.i ttit3J HBl IHB H H v BwjrTr rosy cheeks. 'fejjpjr happy smiles whitefw teeth stood appetites;'Jr and digestions."If Its benefits are as GREATla as its cost is SMALL!f It satisfies the desire forI sweets, and is beneficial, teo.I Sealed Tight Kept RightI Every & WRKSLEYSJSH1 Flavor!I Meal bWEHIIEut, Lasts I9It has just about got so in thiscountry that father would rathertake his teeth to a dentist than, alittle job of darning to his daughter.As a general thing, a girl isprouder of her sweetheart in acunning little mustache than of litebrother in a full set of whisker.aSPRINGSHOWINGDAHDERINEMStopsHair Comine Out; DoublesIts BeautyLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Do you seem unable to do anywork, to concentiate, to take anyinterest in things, during wonderfulSpring days? Do you feel just useless and "no account?"Nothing is really the matter, except that, as happens every Spring,your blood is clogged it is sluggish with poisons from its longWinter fight.In time, your blood will probablyadjust itself. But meanwhile youfret and worry, feel unhappy andaccomplish -nothing. Why do it,when it is easy to clear up yourblood by taking Pepto-Mangan for.a while? For thirty years, doctorshave been recommending this effective and agreeable tonic to purifyend build up the blood of run-down,listless people.Peel your best. Have a fine colorand spring in your step; Be vigorous, happy, Ted-blooded. Get a bottle of Pepto-Mangan to-day. Thenearest druggist has it, and ineither liquid or tablet form, just asyou prefer. There's no difference inmedicinal value.But be pure you get the genuineGudVs Pepto-Mangan. Ask for itby that name "Gude's Pepto-Mangan,"and be sure the full name ison the package. Advertisement. "(adv)oOur idea of a docile wife is onewho is willing to liVe in the same1 ouse with a cuspidor.oOur position is that a girl is entitled to giggle while the giggling isgood.' v; JConfidenceEven in these days when the motor car fieldoffers such wide selection-the publicstill finds Buick demands exceeding BuicKproduction.Thus it is easy to recognize how steadily, each season,S Buick Wve-in-Head motor car has become anential part in the lives of men and womenweU asSSU of commercial and professional actmties.dity service-economy and dependability areCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBros.TwinDeportment SUrtA few cents buys "DandenneAfter an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair show,snew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf): 0There are some nice cozy cornersin the stock market.: oAEE YOU HAPPY?To be happy you must be well. Ifyou are frequently troubled withconstipation and . indigestibn youcannot be altogether happy. TakeChamberlain's Tablets to correctrhase disorders. They are promptand effectual, easy and pleasant totake. 'By local applications, as theycannot reach the diseased portion ofthe ear. There is only one way tocure catarrhal deafness, and that isby it. constitutional remedy. Catarrhal Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is. an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts thruthe blood on the mucous surfaces ofthe system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Medicine. 'Circulars free. All Druggists,75c.' F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio,(adv)ocaus-It's superior quanty-bCrvx ! '. f rr delivery monthsing thousands of persons to their owner- in advance-thus protecting themselves ana asbui sship of this world-wide preferred motor car..yMoney talks, it is said, aim" a pieceof gossip jcertainly is. the kind of.Price f. o. b. FUnU MichiganModel K-44Model K-45SI 59SX0$1595.00Md.lK-46M4lK-47$2235.00245.00lit - "MIK &whpn bettejr automobiles areI T"Hnilt. Buick wilMbuild them-SS&The C. S. Ball Garager&s?Vv.-0 Hi-'$AV.IIIrvsA.xr J-f&14 T5 t"' ztfttt in Main Piris. Ky(adv) tklk that gains currency . t ,fCor. rourth and Pleasant Sts.H-$ -vwcs &.- VjS&fvs-rAV' r ittf"?-.i5.Jt"-r9i -. v"S ". n-&i., ,S"PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON, NEWS, fARISj KENTUCKYRNTTinKY' - "C 4 . . ". ' ' . - TU1SDAY APRIL 13; If 2.T-V,Lv,,'T.MILLERSBURGMiss Eva Adams, of Escoudida,was the guest of Mrs. T. K. Smith,Sunday.Mrs. D. E. Drake was hostessSaturday to the members of theTwentieth Century Club.ytrs. R. B. Hopper, of Mayslick,was the guest of her sister, ,Mrs. J.Ct Leer, Saturday and Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffett returned, Thursday after a ten-days'sojourn at French Lick Springs.IXr. C. B. Smith is improvingjnicely at Massie Memorial Hospital,Paris, and is able to sit up some.Mr. James Price and- family, ofTlFoo-ndida, v.rere guests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.' S. Clarke,Sunday.The C W. B. M. Society of theChristian church will meet withMrs. Mary L. Huffman, Wednesdayat 2r30 p. m.Mrs. w. II. Burroughs is visiting her niece, Mrs. Charles T. Norton, librarian of Transylvania College, on North Broadway, in Lexid gtbn.Elder and Mrs. Will J. Slatertook membership with the Chris1ian church, Sunday morning,bringing their letters from Nashville, Tenn.Miss Louise Flescher, of Transylvania College, spent the weekend as guest of Misses Crystal McDaniel, Helen Hawkins and LenaThompson, at Millersburg College.The remains of Mr. Porter Jettwho died a1 his home in Paris, Friday, were interred in MillersburgCemetery, Sunday afternoon, withMasonic honors, Past Master ArchBailey, of Cynthiara, officiating.The proti acted meeting at theMethodist church, which has beenm progress for the past two weeks,as a community meeting, closedSunday night. The meeting inevery respect was a success. Muchgood was done during the time.The list of the additions will begiven later.Among those from a distance-who attended the funeral and burialof Miss Anna Wood, in this city,Saturdav morning were: GeorgeWood. Miss Nettie Wood, Mr. andMrs. Bruce Wood, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Young, Mrs. Edith Young,Prof. Duke Young, Mrs. Norvell,Miss Norvell, Mrs. Mahala Becraft,Mr. and Mrs. Murray, Misses Murray and Daily, of Carlisle; HamletCollier, Ed Collier and son, JamesCollier, of Paris.The Presbyterian drive for Benevolent Church Work is tfow on,and will be taken up in the Millersburg church, Thursday evening, atwhich time a banquet will be givenby the ladies of the church to allthe members of the church and theirfamilies, whether in the church ornot. All members are urged to bei present, and .to be at the auditoriumof the church by 6:30 p. ni. JudgeThomas E. Theobold, of Grayson,Ky., will be the speaker of the evening: Judge Theobold is one of thebest speakers in the Southern Presbyterian church, and those who failto hear him will miss a rare treat.Rev. W. W. Morton, of the Millersburg-Presbyterian church filledthe nnlnit of Rev. Smylie. at Paris,Sunday, and Rev. Guerrant, of Eli-zaville, preaching nere, wnne .ev.Smylie, of Paris filled the pulpit ofRev. Guerrant. He is a live wire,and created a lasting impression inMillersburg in his talk in the Sunday School and his sermon, stakingas the basis of his talk, "The Responsibility of America and ThePromises We Have Made to TheWorld During the War." We regret that space will not permit usto go into further details, as hissermon was both philosophical andlogical. He is a neighbor preacher,and we hope to have him with usoften.Miss Ann Wood, aged 78, diedThursday at 4:30 p. m., at the homeof her niece, Mrs. Atta Youngr onMain street, after a brief illness olheart trouble. Miss Wood hasbeensuffering from heart trouble forsome time, but her condition was notthought to be serious. On Tuesdaythe suffered an attack, but on Wednesday was thought to be much better. In the afternoon of Wednesday she grew rapidly worse, dyinga the time named. ' She was theJast surviving member of a family ofseveral children and a daughter of! the late Mr. and Mrs. Nimrod Wood,who came from Virginia, whilequite young and settled in Nicholas'county. The greater part of herlife was spent in the family of herbrother, Mr. Nicholas Wood, neari Millersburg. About eighteen monthsago, after the death of her brother,she, with her niece, moved to Mililershurer. where she has since resided. She vasa devout member ofthe Presbyterian church, havingunited with the church when quitevoung. She had many friends whoenjoyed her company. She waspleasant and congenial, a devoutChristian, and had a smile and goodword for everybody.' She is survived by several nieces and nephtws. Her funeral services wereconducted Saturday at 10:30 a. m.at the Presbyterian church by herpastor, Rev. W. W. Morton. Interment in Millersburg Cemetery.THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND I Admission &S2Sfei, i -TODAY, TUESDAY"THE VALLEYOF TOMORROW"Filmed in Nature's Wonderland atLake Tahoe. Wm. Russell and cast.RUTH ROLANDin "The Adventures of Ruth"and Prizma Color Picture"The Grand Canyon"Tomorrow, WednesdayIRENE CASTLEin "The Invisible Bond"The most beautifully gowned womanin America in a strongly compelling storyof a man and wife and their tragic mistakesAlso "Topics of the. Day"And Fatty Arbuckle in "The Hayseed"Thursday, April 15thOLIVE THOMASin' Footlights and Shadows'The "Inside Story" of a BroadwayBeauty and a peep behind the scenes ofthe "Midnight Revue,"Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Pathe Review.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon land EveningDEATHS., RENAKER.I An infant son of Mr. and Mrs.Ora Renaker, residing near NorthMiddletown, who died of complications, was buried Thursday eveningin the North Middletown Cemetery,with short services conducted at thegrave by Rev. F. M. Tinder.going to laugh at all your stalejokes pick out one with pretty teethand a dimple.M. E. PRUITTfuneral Director and EmbalmerMOTOR SERVICEMiliersburci,, . - Kentuckyv- 1It Phones-Cumberland 86, Home 110; Day and Night. IlkCRUTCHFIELD.Rev. Geo. W. Crutchfield, prominent minister of the Methodistchurch, died suddenly in Richmond,while visiting friends. He was wellknown here, where lie had been afrequent visitor. He was PresidingElder of the Jackson District forfour years.RAGLAND.Stricken with an attack ofheart trouble' while driving to hishome in Winchester, from thefuneral of his friend, Robt. Caskey,at Ruckerville, in Clark county,Saturday about 5 o'clock, p. m., Wm.Ragland, 69 years old, died half anhour later at his home on Thirdavenue.Mr. Ragland was a farmer. Heis survived by his widow, who wasbefore .her marriage Miss Baker,and one son, William Ragland.COY.A. T. Coy, aged fifty-eight, farmlaborer," died Sunday evening at7:30 o'clock, at his home near theBourbon and Fayette line, of tuberculosis. He had been a residentof Bourbon county for several years,where he had been employed by different farmers. He was a son ofJohn and Lula Bishop Coy.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at eleven o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in tlioPai is Cemetery, by Rev. Tx S. Smylie, paster of the Paris Presbyterianchurch.i m i iiWOOD.Miss Anna Wood died at herhome in Millersburg, Thursdaynight from an attack of neuralgia ofthe heart. She was a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Nimrod Wood, prominent citizen of Nicholas county.The funeral was held at 10:30o'clock Saturday morning ii theMillersburg Presbyterian church.Rev. W. W. Morton. The burialMoney Is Not the Chief ThingiIn life or in the Kingdom of God. Yet if God'speople are to adequately discharge their duty toothers in the world, large cash funds must be available for this purpose.The first year of theBaptist 75 Million Campaign fCloses May 1, 1920- "' And one-fifth of all subscriptions to that cause should be paid in before,that time. ' -Missionaries at home and abroad will be retarded in their work, col. leges and seminaries will be crippled, aged ministers will be seriouslyembarrassed, orphan children who look to us for food, clothing and training for citizenship may be compelled to go hungry, the sick and suffer-'ing' who are seeking aid from our hospitals must be denied admission forlack of room, and immortal souls at home and abroad will be lost if wedo not respond promptly with what we have promised for carrying forward God's work.23,000,000 People Are Unsavedv Within the territory of the Southern Baptist Convention there are23,000,000 men, women and' children above twelve years of age whoare not Christians. Southern 'Baptists have a large responsibility in, .reaching these people for God.1Whaf are you doing in your community to right this situation?This Space Contributed Byfollowed on the family lot in theMillersburg Cemetery. The pallbearers were: Everett Thomason,D. E. Clarke, J. C Leer, Wm. Toadvine, Jas.' Eckler and WalterYoung.4-JETT. ,Following a short illness, duetoa complication of diseases, SquireT. Porter Jett, aged eighty-six, aprominent farmer, and former member of the-Boarbon Fiscal Court,died at his home on Second street,in this city, Friday, night.Squire Jett at one time represented the Ruddles Mills precinct in(he Bourbon Fiscal Court, being atthat time engaged in farming nearRuddles Mills. He was prominentin the councils of the Republicanparty, and -was a member of theCounty Committee, in which capacity he rendered invaluable serice. He is survived by -his widow,and by three sons by a former marriage. The funeral took place in Millersburg yesterday morning, followedby burial on the family lot in theMillersburg Cemetery.STERN.Mrs. Babetta Stern, aged ninety-three,died, Friday afternoon atthe home of "her son, J. A. Stenfrom the- infirmities of age.Mrs. Stern was a native of Germany, coming to America at the ageof fourteen. She located in Birmingham, Ala., where she afterwardmarried. On the death of her husband fifteen years ago, she came toPaiis, and had since made her homehere with her son. She was the lastsurvivor of a large family of children. She was one of the oldest andmost remarkable women in theState. Notwithstanding her advanced age, she was in possession otall her faculties, and was quite active until a few days before herdeath. Her amiable . dispositionmade a friend of everyone whoknew her.The body, accompanied by members of the family, was taken Saturday night, to Birmingham, for interment beside that of her husband.DAVIS.Mrs. Emily Davis, aged thirty,wife of Walter Davis, of Taylorsville, died at her home near thatcity, Thursday morning, . at fiveo'clock, of puerperal fever, following child birth.Mrs. Davis was formerly MissHannah Estes Frye, a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. I. Frye, the formerdying several years ago. She is survived by her mother, Mrs. J. I. Frye.her husband, Walter Davis; a son.one week old; a two-year-old daughter, and by five brothers, C. G.Frye, J. I. Frye, J. M. Frye, John N.Frye and O. L. Frye, the latter residing in this city.The body was brought to" Paris,where the interment took place attwo o'clock Saturday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.HOW TO HURT PAEISOne way to keep Paris from going forward is just to stand aroundand kick all the time about whatthe people who strive to lead aredoing. Don't take any part yourself just kick. It's so much easierto find fault than to do things. Thetown needs pushers and helpers, notknockers and hammer-users!There are some nice cozy cornersin the stock market.MRS. ELLIS'III!I vFEGIlLIiu 1illBIRTHS.Near North Middletown, to thewife of James Cassity, a son,weight eight pounds, their secondchild.Near Lexington, to the wife ofP. B. Sams, Jr., formerly Miss Gertrude Brarael, of Paris, a daughter,christened JaneGivens Sams.In Lexingto-h, to the wife of N.L. Sampson, formerly Miss Katherine Holt, of Paris, a daughter. Mr.and Mrs. Sampson "are residents ofParis.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Clarke,of Boston, Mass., formerly of Paris,ere being congratulated upon the ad-,vent of a little daughter in theirHome. The little miss has beenchristened Martha Edwards Clarke,in honor of -her paternal grandmother, Mrs. Walter Clarke, of thiscity.1FOR THIS WEEKoGolden State Peaches40c can 35c45c can 40c50c can 45c60c can 55c ::Good Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beans !j!large size . . -20c jjjjsmall size 15c 111Look for the Ied Front 5Grocery, opposite the Court HHouse. ::Three deliveries each day. 11Both phones. ?Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.Af.J-SILAS E. BEDFORD and CHAS. GREEN1 v -SPRUNG FOOTWEAR SALENever before have we been able to offer suchbeautiful styles, so varied assortments, at prices so farbelow their regular values.C-nnne and see the new, snappy Spring Novelties inall popular leathers and colors.It pays to buy at our economy store. " Our methodof merchandising cuts your shoe bills down.s7Spring Specials in New Pumps and Oxfordsat Economy PricesLadies smart tan and black Lace Oxfords,English lasts, also new Pumps in kid andpatent, $7.50 values,Special at $4.99-Ladiesf see these beautiful Spring Pumpsand Oxfords in tan and black leather, $8.50values,Special at $5.99Ladies' $5.00 Lace Oxfords and Pumps,Special at $3.49Ladies' $6,50 Pumps and Oxfords, in fineglazed kid leather,Special at $4.49Ladies' $6.00 values in Pumps and Oxfords,high and low heels,Special at $3.99Ladies'" Custom Made, high quality In all thenewest Pumps and Oxfords, $10.00 values,Special at $6.95Boys' and Girls' Spring Footwear Greatest .Values in TownMisses' New Lace Oxfords and Strap Slippers, $4. 00 -grades,Sizes 11 1-2 to 2 at,Sizes 8 1-2 to 11 at,$2.99$2.49Children's $3.00 Hand Turn Slippers, sizes5to8. iSpecial at $1.99 7Children's 2.00 Slippers,Special at $1.39Boys' High Grade Dress Shoes, $6.00 values,Special at $3.99Boys' $5. 00 Dress Shoes,Special at $3.49Men's Spring Style Shoes inEnglish and Wide, Toe Lasts,$8.00 values,Special at $5.99Men's Tan and Black LaceOxfords, $7.50 values,Special at $4.9Men's 1550 English andBroad Toe styles in Oxfords,Special at $3.99DAN GOHENs?3L. " Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcijn'EL.it,' '-;,ts-.-: xJ r. - ?vt r,-r Vt !. ' - - An-.V. f v