"7s5vt V- k ' "- c- -vtf;1, isy-"J7"-SV- V,. T v"&"THEV VNEWS-i '5; v-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.Af7 IVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1920T1BOURBONGETUNG NORMAL AITER !HEAVY SLEET STORM.Some called it a "glaze storm," inreferring to the recent -visitation ofsleet in this section, but to the oldtimer it didn't matter what the newterm was, it was sleet and heavysleet to him. But, as the old sayinggoes, "It's all over now."Up to last night Paris and Bourbon county had recovered in largemeasure from the sleet storm whichcaptne last Wednesday night and remained over with us until Saturday.iMost of the debris has been removed from the streets, the disruptedtlectric light service has been restored in the residence section, andthe telephone and telegraph peopleaie rapidly jepairing the damagedone to their lines. No estimate ofthe damage done to the telephoneequipment in the city and countyhas yet been given out, but it willmount up into the thousands. Service over the lines of the Paris andLexington interurban, which wasput out of commission late Wednesday night, was resumed Sundaymorning after a large force of workmen had worked faithfully allthrough Saturday and Saturdaynight, making repairs. The city hasbeen in partial darkness, owing tothe repairs being made to the streetlighting system, but it is expectedthat this will be but a temporaryinconvenience, to be patiently endured under the circumstances.The losses to be taken into consideiation are those of individuals,-private cqmpanies, telephone companies, electric light and powerlines, interurban lines, and the citytind county property. The grip ofthe sleet storm was felt most preceptibly on the farms throughout'the county, where work was broughtto a standstill. Stock feeding wasrendered very difficult, and farmsnot supplied with silos and feedingbarns experienced a great deal oftrouble. Rains and melting sleetcaused the creeks and branches toafmost reach the flood stage Friday,but no material damage was done,so far as can be Learned.The tobacco markets, which werecompelled to close down during theperiod of the sleet visitation, because of the lack of electriclight and power, were resumed yesterday. Aitnougn tne reBOY DISAPPEARED.The authorities have been askedto keep a sharp lookout for ThomasRice, aged seventeen, who disappeared Friday from the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. George Rice,of Old Pine Grove, in Clark county.Upon inquiry at the telephoneoffice in Winchester it was learnedthat young Rice had accompanied atelephone crew out on the Lexington pike, and after a short time leftthem, stating that he was, going toParis or Lexington to look for asteady job. Inquiry mad here failed to develop the boy's whereabouts.His parents and the authorities willcontinue the search.DEATHS.LEXINGTON ARTIST TO PAINTJUDGES' PORTRAITS.Mr. Sudduth Goff, one of 'the mostsuccessful of the Lexington portraitpainters, has been commissioned bythe Bourbon Fiscal Court to paintthe portraits of former CountyJudges Charles A. McMillan andDenis Dundon, to be hung on thewalls of the County Court room. Ithas been the custom of the FiscalCourt to have the portrait of eachretiring County Judge painted forthis purpose.A room in the court house hasbeen arranged as a studio for Mr.Goff, who has begun sittings for hissubjects. The work is expected tobe completed and turned over to theFiscal Court in a short time.early part of this week. Largegangs of linemen have been busypairing the lines and erecting poles,and every effort is being made to restore the service. Long distanceconnections have been partly established with most of the large cities,and business will soon be at a normal stage again.County road forces and individualefforts have in a large (measure removed the obstructions on thecounty roads, which kept travelblockaded for several days.James Soper, representing thePower Grocery Co., of Paris, wascaucht in Mt. Sterling, endeavoringjto reach home for Sunday. He wasin "company with John Brown, j epresenting the Woolfolk Coffee Co.Both were marooned in Owingsille&gam, witning two mnes ot anarps-ea yesteraay Aitnougn tne re- b" r . and were forced to play theceipts were light, owing to the Ui nnt of n.tfinr rinwn trees..1 1 , . - . - . .1 1iWJt.V.A fcWW VA. V.rS -,--- woaa condition or tne roads tnrougn-, xoXtoxLZ telephone poles off thopjke.lout me county, aue to DroKen umDS -dragging fences and other obstrucand fallen telephone poles disputing it ions from off the main right-of-waythe right of way, there was plenty of to enable them to get to the nexttobacco on the floors for the sales, town. They were stranded in the,r TT XT- j x.. 'TniririlP. of Picklv Ash Creek, nearCumberland Telephone Co., and J. JOwinsrsville. and had to be hauledout by a mule team. They spent theTeatch, of the Central Home Tele- llIgnt'at a farim house, getting intophone Co., stated yesterday that Mt sterling the next day. They re-tbey hoped to have their lines in ported the sleet storm as being thenormal working order again in the woist they had ever seen.?FRAN K& CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSI!WonderfulSeductionsonTRENT.Jaftnes M. Trent, aged seventyseven, .a well-known blacksmith, residing at Centerville, died Fridaynight at his home, following astroke of paralysis sustained severaldays ago. Mr. Trent was a gallantConfederate soldier, and saw activeservice throughout the war betweenthe States.He is survived by his widow andfour , children, Mrs. W. J. Moore, ofMontgomery county, John Trent, ofOklahoma; George Treat and Mrs.Lucy Logan, of West Virginia.The funeral was held Sundaymorning at eleven o'clock at theCenterville church. The burial followed on the family lot in the Jacksonville Cemetery.BRADLEYMrs. Mary R. Bradley, agedsixty-four, died Sunday morning at5:30 o'clock at the home of her son,N. H. Bradley, oh Vine street, aftera long illness of pernicious anaemia.Mrs. Bradley is survived by threechildren, one son, Mr. N. H. Bradley, proprietor of the Paris BroomFactory, and two daughters, MissesNevada and Mary Bradley; one sister, Mrs. A. Smithers, of Maysville,and one brother, Mr. William Blanton, of Brooksville, Indiana.The body was taken to Maysvilleon the 7:45 Louisville & Nashvilletrain this morning, for interment inthe Maysville Cemetery, where services"were conducted at the graveside.WAGONER.Mrs. Rachel A. Wagoner, agedfifty-two, died at her home nearMillersburg, Saturday night, after ashort illness of pneumonia. She wasthe wife of Joseph Wagoner, whowith four children, Claude and CrayWagoner, Miss Flossie Wagoner andMrs. Nannie Ham, the latter of Millersburg, survive her. 'Funeral services will be held atthe family home, near Millersburg,at one o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, with services conducted byRev. E. K. Kidwell. The body willbe taken to Millersburg for interment in the Millersburg Cemetery.ISGRIG.Mrs. Ella Saunders Isgrig, agedseventy-eight, died at her home inEast Paris yesterday morning atfour o'clock, of cerebral hemorrhage.-Mrs. Isgrig wag the widow of Thoa.Isgrig, who preceded her to the graveabout thirty-three years ago.She is survived by one son, DanielIsgrig, who resided with her at thefamily home in East Paris. Thefuneral will be held at the home inEast Paris at three o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon, with servicesconducted by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the Paris Baptist church. Thebody will be taken to Cincinnati,where it will be cremated.MASSIE HOSPITAL CAMPAIGNEXTENDED THIS WEEKfTOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold on the floors of theThe campaign for funds for theMassie Memorial Hospital, whichwas inaugurated in this city lastweek, and which has been the pneansof bringing in quite a nice littleSUm for the initial davs nf tliP nam-paign, has been extended to cover I Bourbon- house yesterday a total ofthis week. On account of the in- 248,250 pounds of tobacco for aclement weather, the disruption of money valuation of $120,175,36, aThe telephone service, and other diffi-1 floor average of ?48.40. Tobaccoculties in 4he way of seeing the peo-isold as high as 51-06 a basket,pie, the list of subscribers is not as Among the crops sold at this salelarge as it would have been. But!were several from Montgomery andthe committee intends to make a clark counties. Some of the cropvigorous campaign this week, and averages follow:hopes to see directly or indirectly Roy Brr? (Montgomery county),every person in the city and county 5 20 0 pounds, average $84.14.who would like to make a subscrip- Batterton & Sherrald, 2125tion to this fund. pounds, average ?73.13.All the solicitors n. romioMprf tn Spear, Taylor & Fuller, 3.370(meet at the Peoples Deposit Bank &. pounds, average $71.55Trust Co. to-morrow (Wednesday)night at 7:30 o'clock.There were many subscriptionwhich were not handed in last weekon account of the telephone wiresbeing down, and telephones beingout of commission. Many peopleviere unable to get to Paris on account of the blockaded roads, due tothe sleet. Other subscriptions willDe announced later. The followmis a partial list of the subscribersA. .B. Hancock $500.00 I average $58.30Bryd & Cooper (Montgomerycounty), 8,610 pounds, average$74.84."Clay & Hinkson, 8,260 pounds, average $72.10.Lewis & Ragland (Clark county),3,610 pounds, average $66.20.Gaitskill & Riggs, 2,944 pounds,average $59.96.C. C. Hadden, 3,500 pounds,, average $52.20.Buckner & Hutshill, 7,870 pounds, ; SUranceDID YOU KNOW YOD CODLDIOTREPLACE Y0TO HOME ETWICE WHAT ITCOST YOU?1 MATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license yesterday aternoon to Justice Johnson, a youngfarmer, and Miss Gracie Lee Thompson, aged seventeen, both of Clarkcounty, The bride-to-be presentedthe following document, signed byher mother, Mrs. Emma Thompson:"This is to certify that I give all theCounty Clerks in the United Statespermission to issue my daughter,Gracie Lee Thompson, seventeenyears old, license to marrry JusticeJohnson." The document was witnessed by Judical Johnson. ., -StCoatsSuits " ;Dresses "Georgette and SilkWaistsStop in and get our prices.They-will surprise you..FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS 'REDWITZ OWENS.Miss Ruby Redwitzt of, Harrodsburg, and Ir. John EdmundOwens; o Iloseboro, North Carolina. TVeie married recently In theT Baptist, parsonage, in FayetJ-eville,! V P iha Pbv T)v Ton as fiflfirin.t.imr 'The bride is Ihe daughter of Mrs.Bettie Redwitz, of Harrodsburg,and is a graduate of the BourbonCollege, in this city, where she ispleasantly remembered ,for hermany giaces of character. She isrlso a graduate of the LouisvilleConservatory of -Music. She taughtmusic af the Millersburg FemaleCollege several terms and this yearhas beepi Director of Music at theRoseboro, N. C, High School. Mr.Owens is cashier of the RoseboroBank. After a wedding trip topoints of interest in Florida, Mr.and Mrs. Owens will be at home totheir friends, in Roseboro.Catesby Spears 500.00Misses Spears 500.00N. F. Brent 500.00Sam Clay 300.00J. W. Davis 300.00T. H. Clay 200.00James Caldwell 200.00B. M. Renick 200.00James L. Dodge . . . . . . . . 200.00Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Bell .... 200.00John T. Collins 200.00Geo. W. Clay 100.00Fd. Burke 100.00W. G. McClintock 100.00Peale Collier 100.00Albert Hinton : .. 100.00Wm. Shire 100.00W. O. Hinton 100.00T. H. & W. G. Talbott .... 100.00Marston Bros 100.00J. S. Wilson lOO'.OOM. J. Lavin ". . . . . 50.00D. C. Parrish 50.00E. H. Gorey 50.00C. P. Cook 50.00Mrs. Belle Alexander . . . . 50.00Denis Dundon 50.00Mitchell & Blakejmore . . . . 50.00J. J. Connelly 50.00Jno. D. Hildreth 50.00G. W. Wilder 50.00F P. Campbell 25.00J. O. Marshall 25.00J3. B.. January 25.00Pearce Paton . . . . T . . ... 2"5.O0"Sani Harding ' . . . . 25.00Tollie Young 25.00Lowrv & May 25.00S. E. Bedford 25.00E. F. Prichard 25.00John Sauer 25.00Frank Collier ,. 25.00Hiram Roseberry 25.00C. K. Thomas 25.00Price & Co 25.00Lafe Ardery 25.00Mrs. Offutt 25.00N. Krciner 25.00S. K. Nichols 2&.00John F. Young 25.00D. C. Parrish, Jr 25.00D. W. Peed . . , 25.00Charles Peddicord 25.00Mrs. Ed. Burke 25.00S. Kerslake & Son 10.00J.W.Bacon 10.00J.'D. Booth 10-00Lexington Herald 10.00M. J. Murphy 10.00Miss Catherine Murphy. . . . 10.00John M. Clay 10.00J. L. Denton 10.00J. D. McClintock 5.00At a recent meeting of the officialsof the Deaconness Hospital, in Cincinnati, it was shown by the reportof Superintendent Lohman, that thesame conditions that obtain at theMassie Mejtnorial Hospial, were present there, The i ; :t pointed outfxuiAP.1n.11v f1ie increasing Cost Unn.infATift.TiAe of natientS during ihe!past four years. It was shown thatla cost ?1.73 to keep a patient oneday in 1914, but in the last year ithad cost the Hospital $3.47 for thefame purpose, an 'increase of onecent: over 100 per cent. Superintendent Lehman stated that they hadfought against raising rates, butfinally when the deficit in the operating account came near to the? 6.0 00 mark, they were compelledto raise the prices from fifteen totwenty per cent. SuperintendentLohman announced a gift of ? 7.0 00from the Gejmble estate. Here is achance for some generously-inclinedParis man or woman who desires toemulate this example.Your home built in 1914 cost tobuild and furnish $8,000.00The insurance on it was- $f -000.00.It is now worth $15,260.00i.Is the insurance on it still S$,000.00. Property values have increasedhave you increased, your insurance?Consult the Home Fire & MarinInsurance Company Agent in. youryour town.In five years building cost has incost 127 per cent., clothing X29 prcent. Consequently there has- beena great increase in the values covered by the usual policy on "dwelling and contents." The same Lrtrue of near every kind of insurableproperty.Late increase in values has jmorethan covered depreciation. Whatwas sufficient insurance five yearsago may not be half enough now.To you the real value of your prop-, erty is what it would cost you to replace it.i If you were burned out to-day,would your loss draft from the in-company pay its rightful"tshare of the present co3t of replacpounds, i jng y0Ur property?If you haven't enough insurance.Brodrick & Small, 2,650average $60.20.Stoker & Wagoner, 1,(25 pounds, permit us to consider with you what.JUST ARRIVED.average $67.38.Rash & Case, 7,635 pounds, average $50.69.Larue & Hutson, 2,510 pounds,average 573.87.Clay & Tobin, 5,200 pounds, average $58.25.J. D. Bentley, 1,380 pounds, average $55.77.Buckner & January, 3,920 pounds,average $50.90.Lisle & Griffith (Clark county),5,075 pounds, average $70.18.Turner & Jackson, 2,725 pounds,average '$67.03.R. L. Wilson, 3,735 pounds, average $62.77.Jones & Butler, 9,905 pounds, average $50.40.Marshall & Linville, 3,175 pounds,average $72.40.Heffin & R. C. Fugate, 1,630pounds, average $52.54. 'Thomas & Cunningham, 3,545pounds, average $66.47.Grimes & Johnson, 8,620 pounds,everage $58.93.RACING COMMISSION ELECTED-. . - WILL SERVE.Commission were sent out Saturday by Assistant' Secretary of StateE. Matt Karr to 'the newly appointed members of the State RacingCommission, all of whom, it is understood, will serve. They are J. N.Camden, Jr., Versailles; J. O. Keenoand Robert C. McDowell, Lexington; R. W. Hunter, of Providence,and Ernest Pollard, of Somerset.amount you should carry. Whileyou have the matter in mind wewould be pleased to have you phoneor step in at our office.Very truly yours,YERKES & PEED,Agents for Several of the Best Insurance Companies in America.Both Phones 45".Rejmember: Insurance costs no,more and often less to-day thanit ever did. (It)oSUBSCRIBE LIBERALLY$4.35 per day is the average, costfor taking care of every patient admitted to the- Massie Memorial Hospital. .You can readily see how,with advancing costs of everythingit will cost even more in 1920. Helpmake up the deficiency in 1920 bysubscribing liberally.PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, January 27Madaline Travers, in "Lost Money r" jJfcWilliam Duncan, in "Smishing Bar-riers."To-morrow, Wednesday, January28 At Tbe Alamo Norma Talmadge, in "Her- Only Way;" BrayPictograph; Topics of The Day;Prizma Natural Color F'lms, "Sky-land'Thursday, January 29 F.uceneO'Brien, in "The Broken Melody."Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.WE KNOW MOWHere's aFresh carload of Rapier's lampusFeeds: Horse and . Mule Feeds.Dairy Feeds; Pig Meal and FatMaker.W. C. DODPON,(27-lt) S. Main St.. Paris, Ky.oCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSA .At a special meeting of the CityCouncil, called by Mayor E. B. January, bids for the construction worknn the new South Main street sewerwere opened. Three bids were submitted as fqllows; George M.Eady& 'Co., Louisville, $44,022.50;Walker & Co., Hamilton, Ohio, ?32,965; Lampton Wood & Co., Louisville, $27,211.25. The Gouncil adjourcied until to-night, when .thebids will be considered, -and"" thAI final award made. , iREAD OVER THIS NOTICE.The $20,000 we are asking forthe keep of the Massie MemorialHospital is not to be used for justIhe current year, but is a fund tofcrid&e over future deficencies.throughout the coming years or mil such a time as conditions maybecome normal.0LiKEEP THE GOOD ,W0RK UP.On account of the flu epidmeiclast year and the added expense incident to it, we wre compelled touse up the small surplus oi moneyon hand. We have sot to keop IhisGood woik up and appeal to the people of Bourbon County to helpThe Massie Memorial Hospital.Bourbon county heretofore has been100 in keeping: up its vei-y owninstitution. Subscribe for the Maa-if- sie Hemorial Hospital to-day.I!Bov's GarmentThat's ReallyG UARANTEBDI The Guarantee Tag locked with aleaden seal on every "LEATHER1ZED"suit says: "Satisfaction or your moneyis yours again!"jCeatherizedGUARANTEED SUITS FOR BOYSLined at elbows, pockets, seats andknees' with fine, soft, real leather. Fabrics all wool, patterns nifty, stylessnappy and tailoring the best,for school wear. Sizes 6 to 18Idealyears.HEREAnd Nowhere Else in Town.Let Us Show You TO-DAY!MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREt.i-iiI. K ",.r flzSJS-; s .-VPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. Tuesday, January 271920.i4niMIE BOURBON NEWS-Srtablished 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Kntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Eostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)cAny erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofany"' person, firm or corporationwhich. may appear in the columns of(THE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.QUE FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Tjfew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.'Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATES.piaplay Advertisements, 1.00 perSack for first time; 50 cents per inchoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, .10 cents per lineiMh issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue..Card 8 of thanks, calls on candidate, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.jgpecial rates for large advertisenU and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedSo, decline any advertisement or othercaatter for publication.Announcements for political officeslust invariably be accompanied byjjr cash.A EEW PARAGRAPHS REGARDING "FREE PUBLICITYThere is apparently an idea in theminds of many promoters ofEchepies, legitimate and illegitimate,that newspapers, and more-particularlycountry newspapers, are suffering"-for copy and should be suppliedwl'tfiL it. The only stipulation is thatihV publisher shall crowd it into hisspace gratis. It is a beautiful system; the p'ro motor well and ourreaders .perhaps like his stuff; inconformity to his idea .many of themcome in on the ground floor and heprofits. Possibly those who ccjme inprofit. The publisher is the onlyloser.The flood of publicity matterwhich comes to the newspaper officeSir circular form, beginning "DearEditor," and suggesting always thatour readers are certainly greatly interested in the campaign to makethe Eskimos use bath-tubs or will bedelighted to learn why railroad faresor meat prices ought to be higherinstead of lower is tremendous.Sour waste-baskets of the stuff eachweek are thrown out. By carefulfiguring we have determined that itc-6ss the "free literature" people tcwrite, type and mail this publicitytc our office not less than twentydollars a week.The newspapers in the past fewyears have given to the Governmentand the allied organizations doingwar work many columns of thisgratis publicity. It was a matter ofpatriotism. They stand ready nowto help worthy organizations thatdeserve help, but there should bereason in the thing. Advertisingspace is a cojmmodity just as groceries or clothing are it is hard tomake some people believe this, butit is ar fact. There is as much logicin asking for a suit of clothes asthere is in requesting free of charge ISAYS CARRAlrZ A CAUSED RAIDSON AMERICANS. ,SAN ANTONIO; TEX., Jan. 26.President Cerranza and a few of hisprincipal lieutenants instigated anddirected the long series of raids onAmerican properties that beganalong the Rio Grande early in 1915,according to documentary evidenceplaced before the Senate sub-cornmittee investigating the Mexicansituation.This was supported by testimonybfr John A. Walls, the District Attorney at Brownsville, Tex.; L. R.Barnes, in charge, of the UnitedStates army intelligence work alongthe border during the Avar, andother witnesses.The committee obtained- fromthem and from documentary evidence information purporting toshow that not only were the highestMexican officials cognizant of theprogram of the raiding partieswhich was carried out under the provisions of the "plan of San Diego,"but that as late as June, 1915, theywere still giving encouragement toand aiding those who participatedin those raids in plans inimical tohe United States.Incident to the taking of testimony regarding Mexican Governmental officials connected with the"plan of San Diego," further information was obtained as to the success encountered by Germans in bidding for the sympathy and supportof Mexico during the war and thepresent alleged drift toward Bolshevism. T. B. Altendorf, a Pole, who wain the intelligence service of the.American army during the war, wasplaced on the witness stand longenough to identify Mario Mendez,the Director of the Telegraphs inMexico, as one of those whom Minister von Eckhardt kept on his payroll during the war.Altendorf said Mendez's job was tosee that copies of all messages fromthe United States bearing on military affairs were delivered to theGerman delegation.A new note on the Bolsheviklrovement in Mexico came from acopy of a .letter written by LinnGale to L. C. A. K. Martens, the Bolsheviki's representative at NewYork."Knowing you are the financialagent of the Russian society in NewYork," Gale wrote, "I take the liberty of asking you if you can giveme financial aid in ptny propagandain Mexico."" He added the explanation that hewas the editor of a magazine devoted to the furtherance of, radicalism.He explained that he went to Mexico to evade the armv draft, "andsince then," he added, "I have established very close relations withthe Mexican Government, which Ihave urged to Bolshevise the country, and which w'll, I believe, doso. have been extended unusuathelp in various ways by PresidentOarranza and his prime minister,Secretary Barlanga."Summarized, the plan of SanDiego, a copy of which was readin the record, follows:"The States of Texas, New Mexica, Colorado, Arizona and California, are to be invaded simultaneously with uprisings of Mexican andregro citizens on the American side.A separate government is to be established and reannexation to Mexico requested. Six other States contiguous to this territory are to becarved out of the United States tobe formed into a negro repuouc,under the protection of Mexico.This is to be accomplished in a ruthless manner. All male Americansmore than 16 years of age are to bekilled." nnnsThe document itself is about 2,000words long.DOCTOR'S! lENT :GAINS 17 POUNDSProminent Physician Continues ToUse Tanlac In Practice WithSurprising Results.One of the strongest and most con-jvincing evidences of the remarkableresult1? being accomplished by Tanlac throughout -the country is thelarge numbers of letters- that are nowbeing received daily from scores ofwell-known (men and women whoI have been benefited by its use.Among the large number thathave been received recently noneare more interesting than the following letter from Dr. J. T. Edwards, of Fayetteville, Ga. Dr. Edwards, it will be remembered, recently .gave Tanlac his unqualifiedindorsement in a public statement,and the testimonial published belowwas recently given hipn by one ofhis patients. His Jetter followsjust as it was written:Fayetteville, Ga.Mr. G. F. Willis, Atlanta, Ga.Dear Sir:I am enclosing you herewith statement I have just received from Mr.T. M. McGough. He has sold nuthere, and is moving to Turin, Ga.He was here this morning, and camein to tell me what Tanlac had donefor him. He says too much cannotbe said about Tanlac. It certainlyhas cured hipn.Respectfully,J. T. EDWARDS, M. D.Mr. McGough's statement follows: "I suffered from indigestion andcould not eat anything but whatwould hurt me.- Constipation gaveme a great deal of trouble also. MysympToms Avere indigestion, heartburn and gas on the stomach aftereating. My appetite was irregularand my food -failed to nourish me.This trouble caused pie to get verypoor in fact I got so thin andweak I was hardly able to go about."I bought three bottles of Tanlac on Dr. Edwards' recommendation, and I am able to attend to business. I gained seventeen pounds inweight and am doing fine. Tanlacdid the work."I now recommend Tanlac toeveryone who is sick like I was andwishes to take something that willhelp them."Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy. (adv)REPORT OF JETT SALEAuctioneer George J). Speakes.makes theifollQwing,report. ofi&thesale of stock, crop, farming implements, etc., belonging to PorterJett, conducted on the farm on theRedmon pike, near Paris, Friday:Good crowd in attendance, andbidding lively. Farming ipnpler-menta of. all kinrV brought satisfactory prices. Co Wjj sold $95 to $195'each; sixty-opund shoats, ?8.7o to$9.50 each; brocd sows, ?35 to $40tach; sow and pigs, ?45; horses, $15,to ?100 each; chickens, 90 cents to$1.15 each; fifty barrels of whitecorn in crib $S.50 a barrel; fodder,67 cents a shock.THE FIRST SUEZ CANALH0W;S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's uatarrnMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrli sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onfho AfimrmK surfaces, exnelling the-o AiTo. ,u jiqSto- inoison from the blood and leaHnoiW wwiwi. uj. tuuvciut,. jr .-,' fl TmrflnnAjcase-of: tomatoes or half a column;111'?. &&? ,"."-v.vjr - s-. x- jf . Aftpr vnn lmvp t-...!or reading matter is tnere anymore sense in giving away the latter than the foiuner, especially tosome one you never nearu or or jcared to?There are, to be sure, many or--1 imonials, freejanizations that deserve and will re-After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement inyour general health. Start takingHall's Catarrh Medicine at once andget rid of catarrh. Send for testiThe pride of modern men in theirworks of engineering is somewhatabashed when reflected upon the extent of the public works of ancientpeoples. Three thousand years before Christ the Egyptians 'had suggested building a canal across theIsthpnus of Suez, and before 200 B.C. the canal was a reality. Thecourse of this original canal wasfrom the mouth of the Nile to theRed Sea, a somewhat longer coursethan- the one now followed. Neco,a monarch of 600 B. C. -attemptedto restore this waterway after centuries of disuse, but failed after heroic attempts.It was about this time that anEgyptian ship sailed around Africa,a journey which took three years.Because the sailors insisted that thesun rose on different sides of theship during its voyage down and itscourse back home, the story of thevoyage was discredited by the scientists of those days.Napoleon was the first niodernmonarch to seriously consider building a Suez Canal, but it was not until the middle of the 19th Centurythat the waterway was built, thistime by Ferdinand de Lesseps at acost of about $100,000,000.Money talks. S,tillnjt sesms necessary for bnks to Iwre tellers.NOTICE..The undersigned, on Thursday,January 1, 1920, adopted a slight(change in their scale of prices, andbeginning on that date will chargetwenty cents, for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD.CAHAL BROTHERS,RUSS COUSIN.(2jan-tf)For SaleA first-class 60-in. Roll Top office.desk. A bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(19-tf)Auto Repair ShopTorres and Tubes, (repaired. Retreading. Ajax andfljtoampnd Tires.-H. J.-GROSCHE.Eighth and-"Highj Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891..u HO. ;!' ,"NO GREAT? ACT OF HEROISM REQUIRED. If some great act of heroism wa3necessary to protect a child fromcroup, no mother would hesitate toprotect her offspring', but w'hen it isonly necessary to keep at hand a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand give it as soon as the first Indication of croup appears, there themany who neglect it. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy Is within the reachof all and is prompt and effectual.(adv-jan)SPLENDID BRICK RESIDENCEFor the best Metal andComposition Roofing at theright price - call at Mrs.Tempi in's Paint Store, 1330South Main Street, Paris, Ky.(till marl-T)WANTEDCountry produce, eggs, butter,buttermilk, sweet milk, hams,chickens, etc. Bring to us for bestmarket prices.DAVIS & DOYLE,(23-tf) Bone Dry Cafe.Truck HaulingWe are now prepared to do alll;inds of truck hauling. A specialtyot moving, we have a truck that isat your service. Give us a - call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or small. Day phone 780;Night call 1956.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf)w Ty ..;.AT--$:-PUBLIC AUCTION!I will offer at Public Auction onSaturday, January 3 1st,at 2:00 p. m.,our residence, corner of Thirteenth and High Streets.Brick house with slate roof, six rooms, with bath, gas and electriclights, and in a good neighborhaad. This11 house was built by Mr. G.W. Wilder for a home, and everything that went into it is first class.Sale positive.Col. Geo. Speakes, Auctioneer.(l6-5t) XS. K. mCHOIS.LOSTBetween the Y. M. C. A. building,and residence of Rev. W. E. Ellis, ablack leather mesh bag containing asum of money and several checkspayable to Mrs. C. B. McShane.Finder leave at this office and receive suitable reward. (9-tf)LOST DOGTwo-years-old black coon dog.Wore leather collar, but no licensetag. Had white spot on breats.Last seen on the Redmon pike,December 21. Suitable reward forreturn.J. B. TAYLOR,(19-tf) R. F. D. No. 4 Paris, Ky.CALL A TAXICABIWITHflNGEftS!v CORNS LIFT OUTFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service.. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.'After 42 o'clock midnight, callGinuberland Phone 9 4 J. .'"" "" S. R. ftU&NALL,' . i -" office No. 6 Bank Row.aouc. ; i, -- iTheB i elirass Rea 1 1 vCii.Office Broadway, Opposite Court HousePARIS, KENTUCKYBOTH PHONES No. 224No. 1 4-room house on Vine Street $2,000.00No. 2 6-room house on Vine Street JS.500.00No. 3 8-room house on Cypress Street. , 5,000.00No. 4 7-room house on Cypress Street T, 250. 00No, 5 6-room house on Seventh Street 7,250.00No. 6 7-room brick on High Street .'. . .10,000.00No; 7 6-room brick on Mam Srreet 3,500.00No, 8 4-room brick on Nineteenth Street . . 2,253.00No. 9 8-room brick on Pleasant Street 4,500.00No, 10 6-room brick on High Street 5,500.00We Have Other City PropertyAlso a Nice List of Farms from 10 to 400 AcresWe would be glad to call for you and show you anyproperty we have listed. SeeB. T. BISHOP or J. H. FLORAceive all the help we can give them.The Red Cross, the Associated3har,ities and the governmentalagencies can haw what they feelthey want from us. But as for thatother mass of words, if you wain toread it, you'll have to dig it out ofthe waste-basket.A 200 YEAPv JOB.At the present rate 200 years willhe needed to finish jmapping theworld. Great areas remain unexplored and little is known-of millions ofSQuare miles of land. By using theaeroplane for map making this workmay be done in the next twentyyears. Instead of climbing (moun-lams ana iaDoriousjy measuring theInd foot by foot, we sjiall do thework while flying a hundred milesan hour. A special camera is placedin the bottom of the car and photographs are taken automatically, somany to the second or minute.These photographs are then fittedtogether in what is known as a mosaic map which shows every houseof" towns or cities and every roadand- tree of the couhtrj". No suchmaps have ever been made before.The aero map is one of the inventions of the war which will Droveinvaluable.J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-jan)oNo Mere Fit of Anger.Anna, becoming very angry, bit fiefsinnlliT sister. Her mothor. hrarmi: 1the little child cry, went to sv.' vrh;i 'was the trouble. When she foundout she reproached Anna n'nd askedher over what she had become ansrry.Anna replied: "I wasn't angry, flintwas righteous indignation." ChicagoAmerican.h.XT, Porter SmithFurs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market uriee for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, Kentucky"&Fteezone is magic! Cornscalluses lift right off'Doesn't hurt a bit'andTo Get Rid of Mildew Stain.Mildew is an obstinate discoloration, but will yield if rubbed withlemon luice. follownl iv cnif ,iexposure to the sun. For mildew onother materials than linen a mixtureconsisting of two tablespoonfuls of turpentine, blended with the juice of alemon, is recommended.-o-rz?1 1 - yv kV hAheUofieer, Real Eti title,Stock, .Personal Property.Box 90. Write for date.- T. PfigflEB SMITH.Geoi'gfetewn, Ky.(janG-tf)rLiveLockATTENTIONFARMERSAustralian Foreiight.A band of youngsters with a packof mongrels ran a rabbit into a log--;. .i iiii;ju reserve the ether dav. Anargument ensued as to what was to bedone with the rabbit. The genius ofthe party reasoned thus : "Let Mm oThe more rabbits the mom fnn for "'That Mettled it and the rabbit wasepam!. Freeman's Journal.A few cerife miysf tc tint not'fte ofthe magic Irtbzoiic afc airy drug storeApply a few drop of Prcczbnc upon it..uc, avmua corn or a- calms.- in.WeT titer HKCX Cut Piices whe?buying' M-ggr NtitieS.Soap. ti$ tie hoki Coffee, 25 lbs.or .over; Catf&ft, Goods, Pj M Case;oymps m uase.xo.ts; au v A1WJU uto 25 cents oiT itieddlfyr."iTakeor a yearour advicrv' lay'"iir$ j&p's supply, a?id.y'jirtl inaiNmthsaMTX7E.are qualifiedW tn nnrrv outthe instructions otthose who employ usbecause of our wideexperience and because of our thoroughly modern equipment. . -Orservice is efficient and conrteousand we are fair inall our" business dealings.Win powtr only accomplishes itsena when i can successfully combatv.ion't povrer. . ,You never can tell. rc n,fceu-maaeman may forget to pur.v vv uMuuwauiiii' corn-or ca'iius uouoie savina. fcfooxiS are NOT. e " iaWmss or irrita o, tT L , SrS " lnonl '". I- -w.,v ........ vrt - i . .. Ilies ot l'reezoTic contain fust: nmiVrJv frid I he feci of ,.rcry hard cdrn, soft,corn, corn between the iocs and' thecalluses on bottom of feet. So eiisv'So simple. Why wait? No humbuW;"The fellow Whn was Krti.7," ,i.:"ii.rr. 1 . .. "lw V"" WJtll.""B,' spoon m ins mouthSave your money by ddh'nii T"ajaocsn'tTHE BUSY Wm-ca$hstorMVt .v i'. m &9 wA 1 1 1 iHl H HallklHIIklMI III i-' v ". ;1 . . 'iie musmng touches.necessarily btir up things.cfifcrty"-TTlMPERFECT IN ORiGINAlITUEftDY, JANUARY 27, 1920.JHB BQURBjW NEWS, PAftIS, KENTUCKYBAGITHRJMi.PEICES GO UP WITH SKIRTSNEXT YEAR.The Style Committee of the National Cloak, Suit and Skirt Manufacturers Association recommendedskirts from three to four inchesshorter than at present for the 1920season in its report at the closingsession of the annual convention inCleveland, Ohio.The committee decreed that skirtsnext season will be from seven tonine inches from "the floor for women and ahout ten inches for missesas compared with four to six inchesfor women and six to eight inchesfor misses at present.Skirts, the style makers say, willhe "frankly short," but without abbreviation. One thing to he avoidedif one-wishes to be stylish, is theextrepie. Tunic and plaited skirtswill -be worn.Fullness at the hips will be a feature of manyv of the smart- springsuits.Sleeves will fit snug and close tothe tailored suits. The three-quarterlength sleeve will be favored onthe etons and short, jaunty models.Sport suits for spring and summerwear are recommended. Novel beltsof leather and metal, . and a newtype of collar-long, slender and rolling will be a detail of the suits.The lord Byron and Peter Pan designs will be popular.The newest wrap ior women isnot unlike the old Roman toga, agrecful, enveloping garment that canbe tucked up and pulled together."Prices of coats, suits and skirtswill stay up," said Michael Printz,of Cleveland, Chairman of the StyleCommittee.BREAKS A GOLDIII JUST AFEW HOURSDOUBLE BEAUTYOF YOUR' HAIR"Danderine" creates massof thick, gleamy wavesIn a few moments you can transform your plain, dull, flat hair.You can have it abundant, soft,glossy and full of life. Just get atany drug or toilet counter a smallbottle of "Danderine" for a fewcents. Then moisten a soft clothwith the "Danderine" and drawthis through your hair, taking onesmall strand at a tijme. Instantly,yes, immediately, you have doubledthe beauty of your hair. It will bea mass, so soft, lustrous and so easyto do up. All dust, dirt and excessive oil is removed.Let Danderine put more life,color, vigor, and brightness in yourhair. This stimulating tonic willfreshen your scalp, check dandruffand falling hair and help your hairto grow long, thick, strong andbeautiful. (adv)TENCENT OIL INVESTMENTBRINGS $25;O00.'Tape's Cold Compound" InstantlyBelieves Stuffiness andDistressDon't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! A dose of "Pape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The6 very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils"and the air passages "of the head; stops nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, fev.erishness, sneezing, soreness and stiffness."Pap'es Cold' Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts' only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, contains no quinine. Insistupon Pape's! (adv)One dyne invested in oil hasbrought an Oklahoma man $2 5,000.The joy of watching an investmentof ten cents climb to $25,000 seldomcqmes to many persons. The luckyman is "Edward Gait, of Ardmore.When Edward Gait was blockingacreage for the discovery well atHealdton he approached Chas. VonWeise, who held a lease on the Walton Davis farm, in section 6, 4s-3w.Yon Weise had leased the farm fromH. W. McGill and paid 25 cents anacre, which was a fair price at thattime. Gait asked for the acreage inexchange for the drilling of thewell. Von Weise agreed to give himthe acreage which called for a 16per cent, royalty, provided Gaitwould allow him to retain a royaltyof 2Y per cent. This was agreed toand Gait returned to Von Wiese therental fee. of 25 cents an acre andstarted to refund 25 cents, whichhad been paid for notary fees andhad only 15 cents in his pocket,which left Von Weise 10 cents shortand which constituted his only investment in the property.More fortunes are being made inthe Burk-Burnett field than theAlaskan gold fields ever yielded inthe greatest rushes. There are morepersons in Wichita Falls now thanthe gold rushes in the Klondyke andother tig strikes in the frozenNorth. This is the opinion of Capt.W. T. Jones, globe trotter and explorer, who is in Texas in the interest of Philadelphia capitalists.DR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drug Store.LOCAL MAN CAN" EAT ANYTHINGHE WANTS NOW0. .G. lytle Glad to RecommendVola-Tonic to Everybody.RACING EVERTS FOR THREEKENTUCKY TRACESThe fact that the spring datequestion has not been settled hasnot deferred General Manager MattJ. Winn from arranging has -racingprogram. Stake events .for thethree Kentucky tracks have heenmade public, and never before inthe history of the 'turf has there beensuch an array of feature eventscarded.Latonia shares with the othertracts in having more big eventscarded and extra money ' added innearly all of them. The LatoniaDerby has a rival as a feature attraction in the Independence Handicap, to which $15,000 has been added,, and this event will vie withthe Derby in attractiveness.All of the old-time fixtures havebeen retained and three more added, they being the Latonia Oaks,for three-year-old fillies, at onemile and a quarter; the Ten BroeckHandicap, for three-year-olds, atone mile and a quarter, and the Daniel Boone Handicap, for three-year-oldsand up, at one mile an a half,to which $10,000 will be givenr.way..In all $80,000 will be added tothe stake events for the springmeeting.To the Kentucky Derby $30,000has been added, making this eventthe richest race run in America.No stake event at Lexington willhave less than $3,000 added, and$5,000 will be added to even theminor events at Churchill Downsand Latonia.LATONIA.Clipsetta Stakes Two-year-oldfillies;, five furlongs; $5,000 added.Harold Stakes Two-year-oldcolts and geldings; five furlongs;$5,000 added.Cincinnati Trophy Two-year-olds; six furlongs; $5,000 added.Latonia Derby Three-year-olds;cne mile and a half; $15,000 added. Latonia Oaks Three-year-oldfillies; one mile and a quarter;$5,900 added.Ten Broeck Handicap Three-year-olds;one mile and a quarter:$5,000 added.Independence Handicap Three-year-oldsand puward; one andthree-sixteenths miles; $15,000added.Daniel Boone Handicap Three-year-oldsand upward; one mile "anda half; $10,000 added.Enquirer Handicap Three-year-oldsand upward; one mile and a sixteenth; $5,000 added.Quickstep Handicap Three-year-oldsand upward; six furlongs;$5,000 added.Inapgural Handicap Three-year-oldsand upward; one mile and.". sixteenth; $5,000 added.LEXINGTON.Hinata Stakes For twa-year-olds:four furlongs; $3,000 added.Idle Hour Stakes For two-year-olds;four furlongs; $3,000 added.Aohiand ' Oaks For three-year-old fillies; one mile; $3,000 added.Bluesrass Stakes For tnree-olds; one mile and a furlong; $3,;U00 added.Ben Ali Handicap For three-year-oldsand upward; one mile andone-sixteenth; $3,000 added.Camden Handicap For three-year-oldsand upward; one mile anda auarter; $5,000 added.CHURCHILL DOWNS.Debutante Stakes For two-year-oldfillies; four turlongs; $5,000 added.JBashford Manor Stakes For two-vear-old colts and geldings; fourend one-half furlongs; $5,000- added.aM.;- nvioi Stnlcfis For two-year-olds; four and one-half furlongs; $5,000 added.Kentucky Derby For tfcree-year-olds;'one mile and a quarter; $30,00"0 added.' Kentucky Oaks For three-year-old,fillies; one mile and one furlong; $5,000 added.Proctok Knott Handicap Forthree-year-olds; one mile and aquarter; $5,000 added.Kentucky Handicap For three-year-oldsand upward; one mile anda quarter; $10,000 added.Clark Handicap For three-year-oldsand upward; one (mile and onesixteenth; $7,500 adttea.oPATHS EVIDENCE POR PARISuinur ur Tiuu 111 "" ' rc!!IS LAXATIVE . - 1run bnlLU jP-ALTHE USIVtHSAl CAR liJl i here nre more t:ian SCCufiQd Ford cars in Sifj .jlji daily sen-ice throughout the world, and falfv !?5' I eighty per cent of these r.e Fcrd Touring Care. ffii run iniu ui iiiui. i ..,v. . x i i. ..i. il ij:;: :, . .1 iV ILook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach, liver andBowelsAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the hest andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and howels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle.- Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)0GOVERNMENT'S WASTEPAPER.OFwhich is the simplicir- in the design cf thi car.so easy to undcrscar-d; I"-cvv:cc it h ear-y troperate; and mighty zzz7.zv.rz compared to--.. .M.. , fl . ' . C... - - t 3 -fcu1 .2 .'.im,drier vnctzr czrz. LbDU3inc3S and icr L:rr..v ;?s-rc. i 13 ti2 c.ir cthe pecp:e,-nd ,lhc der:and is inerL'esir.c; eved?y. Let us hnve yocr crJjr rrorrpt! T yvwant cnc.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky.! n dSPvv & Sis!M cMMsi&zS-..17-.. "4 y- z- hjt$iMgigsgggggigiggigpgsggiiEmsThe United States is at once theworld's greatest publisher and thejmost wasteful. Its printing office atWashington employes 5,300 persons.Last year over 61,000,000 of government publications' were issued, manyof them of no interest to any oneand they were mailed to a millionpeople, whose napnes appear on thegovernment's free list. Accordingto Senator Fletcher, of Florida, millions of these publications 'a yearhave to'be disposed of as junk, without being unwrapped or read. Afew years ago, 1,400,000 accumulated publications, many bound inthe best grades of cloth or leather,weighing 950 tons, were sold at 8cents a pound and last year 2,023,500 publications were condemnedand sold almost for a song. A committee is trying to invent some wayto stop the "waste, but it will morethan nrohably pass it up. Congress-For three-year-! men, generally, are opposed to curtailing anything that might in tneslightest way add to their chances ofholding on to their jobs. To thisgreat waste of good white paper islargely attributed the shortage andhigh prices of the product that isnow worrying publishers. The manor set of men who can accomplish amuch-needed reform will be publicbenefactors and it is hoped that theywill materialize.0T IiHeadquarters For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mixed feed; also wliite oats andfertilizer. Special pricesin ton lots.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257VTHtrc?IHWtftMt"-rT-iFi8slHJTB'B.tHinmn1920FREEDELIVERY!I WHEN MEALSHIT BACKdR222imII!We have made arrangements with the Merchants'2 Delivery Company for twoII deliveries a day.Your business is solicited.Both phones.1urn1I Mr, s.Ellis' CashGrocery-I Oppesite Court Housepans, ny.O. G. Lytle, of 1219 Pleasantstreet, Paris, is a linetype operatorin a printing office ana ne saia uisconfining employment caused hissystem to become run down."I sit at my machine eight to tenhours a day and don't get any exrrnicp v Mr. Lvtle said. "As a resultmy system got out of order. My appetite becapne poor and the littlefood I did eat didn't digest properly.T felt weak and run down."Vola-Tonic was recommended tome and I decided to try it. I havefound Yola-Tonic to he a great'Builder of Strength.' It hasbrought back my appetite and hashelped my stomach so. much that Ican eat anything I want and enjoyit. My digestion is excellent now,3,1 SO t"i notice that Vola-Tonic hasI helped my liver and Icidneys, too,and that tney are womuig yijU0"I think Vola-Tonic is a good medicine and I ajm glad to recommend itto everybody who is weak and rund Voia-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"brings the weakened, run down manor woman a good appetite, good digestion, good blood and good nerves,ft helps the stomach take strengthening nutrition frqm food to nourishand build up the body and system.???. m-jr- iort ennthes the nervesaSi permits sound, energy-restoring!,lf rfit. As a result, the!?er eanened, ran down man orwoman soon 5" - .8tTSto of StrengthL 5!HS ."! son SSSto??. -;-,. (adv) .PEOPLE,The Statements of ?&ns ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Titter Strangers.Home testimony is real proof.xiTOi,. RntPTiients of Paris people cavry real weight.What a friend -or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris .man's statement.And it's tor Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thati,.,i,0 nnon'Q TCirinev Pills.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor mamarket, 722 Main street, says: Inave used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have, beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame anathe kidney secretions passed too frequently, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan sKidney Pills at these tnes and theyhave always rid me of 'the comnlaint. I think they are a splendidkidney medicine and gladly recommend them.' . , , t.Price 60c, at all aeaiers. uuu csimply ask- for a kidney remedygetDoan's Kidney rms tne a"?"--MrHeller had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Few Women Misanthropes.We grant that one often sees a woman with a' dog in Ker lap and that onewould suppose by her action that sheprefers a poodle to a man animal. But,if you gumshoe after her and run nerdown, you will find that there is a mansomewhere that she will shake the dogfor, every time. It is very seldom thatyou -will find a woman misanthrope.Los Angeles Times. "Pape's Diapepsin" instantlyEnds Indigestion, Sourness,Stomach Acidityt...... ....Are lumps of undigested foodcausing you pain? Is your stomachacid, gassy, sour, or have you flatulence, heartburn? Then take rapesDiapepsin.Just as soon as you, eat a tabletor two of Pape's Diapepsin all thatdyspepsia, indigestion and stomachdistress caused by acidity ends.These pleasant, harmless tablets ofPape's Diapepsin never fail to makesick upset stomachs feel fine atence, and they cost very little atiirii$r stores. (adv). n"I'M NO SPRING CHICKEN,"WRITES WOMAN IN WILL.When Lydia E. Mires, of SanFrancisco, Cali., who died a fewweek ago, felt age coming onshe wrote her will, filed in the Superior Court, in this vein:"The only will I ever made. Itappears that every one has to passaway from this world, and as I amnot a spring chicken any more Isuppose I will have to go, too, atsome time. I wish I knew when."She then named friends and relatives to distribute "what 'little esstate and things I may leave that Ican't" take with me." She asked thatgifts be made to various personswho had been kind to her."I want my father taken fromStockton Cemetery and buried onthe right of my mother," she wrote,"and I want to be laid on the leftside and no other way. I claim tobe of sound mind as I ever was andthis is my only will."She left property in Sacramentoworth about $3,000.: 0Now in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.-Pfittsr t yours,quick.BLot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.A Kind Provision.Apparently the men who talk allthe time never grow dumb, but thosewho are compelled to listen all thetime liave a tendency to' deafneks.Nature protects her children ultimatefy Houston Post. ' '" "Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.X9SEWEGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 21TH"Corner Fifth and Peasant Strttts, Paris, Ky.'l sr -:i-:Aii:IXIXIXIr',-rA -v,-rJ.'K.TAG1 FOUBTPE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, -JANUARY gfr ;1S20,"" 'M- $1iIWAHCIAL STATEMENT OP THE W. W. MASSEE MEMOBIAL HOSPITAL. YEAR 1919.RECEIPTS:Cash received by Superintendent , K'-t. $14,835.20Cash received by Treasurer from following sources:Taxes $2,154,41 , t,County Appropriation .". 4,500.00 ' rCity AppropriationInterest Endowment FundHorton Endowment . .Southern Pacific DividendsSundriesRebate Paris Gas & Elec. Co.800.00459.33.1-25.0060.0023.38279.61REGARDING THE LOCAL INELUENZA SITUATION.$ 8,401.73v-rIPoial Receipts . . .' $23,236.93DISBURSEMENTS :Payments by Superintendent $11,927.61'Payments iby Treasurer 12,746.62$24,674.23Amo.mt Paid Out In Excess of Receipts $ 1,437.30Paris, Ky., January 21, 1920.THE W. W. MASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL.By H. B. Fithian, Secretary-Treasurer.(During the year $3,500.00 was transferred from Superintendent'sFunds to Treasurer's Funds, and $G 00.00 was transferred from -Treasurer'sFunds to Superintendent's Funds, wfcich jmakes $2,900.00 thatwas paid out by the Treasurer from funds collected by Superintendent.)Dr. A. H. Keller, City Health Officer, received the following importanttelegram from Dr. A. T. McCormick,Secretary of the State Board ofHealth:"Louisville, Ky., Jan. 26."Until further notice, please wireme at eight each morning, Government rate collect, number of casesand deaths from influenza and frompneujmonia previous twenty-four,hours."A. T. McCormick, Sec'y."The importance of the above telegram to all concerned is clear, andespecially, to the physicians of thecity and county, by and through,whom alone can' necessary information be obtained. The State Boardof Health is exhausting all the resources within its power to preventan epidemic of influenza, with reasonably good prospect of success,and is therefore seeking hearty cooperation of the Kentucky physicians, who are earnestly requested toreport as above to local Health Officers each preceding evening. Bourbon county physicians should callDr. A. H. Keller, local Health Officer, at his residence, either phone,after six o'clock in the evening.AGED WOMAN INJUREDMrs. Kate Lenihan, aged abouteighty," widow of the late Wm. Lenihan, fell on the icy pavement at herhcjme in this city Saturday, sustain-ing a dislocated hip. She was takento the Maseie Memorial Hospital.On account of her advanced yearsgrave fears are entertained for herrecovery.A REAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.Bourbon County Farmof .134 Acres of the Best Land in the CountyAt Public AuctionOn the premises, onKy., onthe Hume and Bedford pike, one and one-half miles from Paris,.HNED AND JAILED FOR SHOOTING AT WIFE.In the County Court, Saturday,Ike Holpian, colored, was assessedaflne of 525 and costs by JudgeGeorge Batterton, on a charge ofbreach of the peace. Holman couldnot pay the fine and was sent to jail.It was alleged that Holman became very much peeved whenhe found his wife riding ina buggy with another man,and drawing his artillery, pumpedthree shots into the atmosphere incrder to frighten her. He was alsoalleged to have become angry because his better half had failed tohave his'chitlings" supper readyfor hipa on time, as she had promised.NEW AUTO OWNEBS.The Paris Garage reports the sale'of a 1920 Model Scripps-Booth touring car to Mrs. Wm. Kenney, for delivery in the early spring.W. M. Phillips, of Lexington, reports the sale and delivery of Marmon touring cars to Mrs. MaryHarris Clay and James M. Caldwell,of Bourbon county. The GoodmanField Motor Co., of Lexington, reports the sale of a Dodge Brotherstouring car to the Bourbon Garage& Supply Co., of Paris.NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS OF THEHOME TELEPHONE CO.The sleet and wind storm has doneconsiderable damage to our plant,especially the rural lines, and whileit will require some little time tofully restore service to all rural sudscribers, it will be a matter of onlya very short time until service isfully- restored to all of our city subscribers and the town subscribers tothe branch exchanges, so with thisinformation we hope our subscriberswill be just-a bit patient and in duetijme our plant and the service willbe better than ever before.PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO.,(Incorporated)By J. J. Veatch, District Manager.(27-lt)oNEW RESTAURANT NOW OPENI have opened a first-class restaurant in connection "vfcith Ed.Doyle, at the Bone Dry Cafe, onMain street, and will serve regulardinner and supper at fifty cents,also short orders and sandwiches ofall kinds, soups, pies, etc. QuickFervice and right prices. .Give us acall.DAVIS & DOYLEBone Dry Cafe. Between Seventhand Eighth.(20-tf)Beautiful Cottage For SalePrivatelyI am offering for sale privately a heautiful and modentfy built cottage on Cypress Street, known as the Sallie Daniels property. Samecontains5 Rooms, Bath, Kitchen, Gas, Electric Lights,Wtter, and all modern conveniences. This is one of the best smallhomes in Paris, and is well located, and can he bought for less than itcost to build.Houses are in demand in Paris at this time, so if you are in themarket for a home or an. investment you had better look this propertyover at onee. 3?or further partiuclrs apply toMRS. SALLIE M. CLAY.27tf ' East Paris.aere'UiStart the New Year Right withPATHE RECORDSI've Got My Captain Working for Me NowWhen They're Old Enough to Know Better22201 (EDDIE CANTOR)Wild and Wooly, One StepThai Shanghai Melody, Fox Trot22203 (MASTER SAXOPHONE SEXTET)You'll Be Sorry, Medley Fox TrotJust for Today, One Step22205 (PALACE TRIO)When the Preacher Makes You MineBuddha22209 (TUXEDO SYNCOPATERS)Oh, What a Pal Wai MaryP Bitch 6822210 (NICHOLAS 'ORLANDO'S ORCHESTRA)Jutt for Me and Mary(LEWIS JAMES AND CHARLES HART)Every Tear Is a Smile In an Irishman's Heart22212 (CHARLES HART)Saxophone Blues (ERNEST HARE)They're All Sweeties22213 (BILLY MURRAY)Fast Asleep in Poppyland (PEERLESS QUARTET)"I Might Be Your Once-in-a-While22214 (ARTHUR FIELDS)I Wanna Go Back (CAMPBELL AND BURR)I Am Always Building Castles in the Air22217 . . (STERLING TRIO)A Pretty Girl Is Like a Melody (SAM ASH)Dear Heart22219 (TURNER ROE)fM 22219 (TURNER ROE) Mk Mh a a i sWi U i V". ' f IV V-BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich& Wides8th St, opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)oITRE WRECKS PLANT OF NASHVILLE BANNER.Fire gutted the building of theNashville Banner Publishing Company with, an estimated loss of approximately $150,000. All equipment of the plant except two presses,located In an adjoining building,were destroyed.. oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThursday, January 29, 1920, at 10:30 A. M.IN POUR TRACTS, AS FOLLOWS:TRACT No. 1 Contains about 109 acres, 70 acres of which is old blue grass sod, 16acres was broken out of old blue grass sod last year and one crop of tobacco raised on it andis now sown in wheat and blue grass. 15 acres in heavy clover and about 8 acres incorn stubble which was broken out of blue grass sod last year. This tract is well wateredand fenced and has no waste land. Improvements consist of a handsome two-story brickresidence of eight rooms, with all modern conveniences, splendid cellar under entire house,cistern at back door, all necessary outbuildings in good repair; splendid 18-acre tobacco barn.TRACTS Nos. 2 AND 3 Each contains about KTacres of old blue grass sod, all splendid tobacco land, face on the pike and each has a splendid building site.TRACT No. 4 Contains about five acres and is all old blue grass sod.All these tracts adjoin each other. These farms are about one and one-half miles fromthe Interurban car line, with a large frontage on the pike. It was formerly the Earl Ashbrook stock farm and has been well cared for. It is perhaps the best Bourbon county farmnow on the market and there are none better when improvements and fertility of soil areconsidered.For further information call on A. W. Shrout, owner, Millersburg, or Harris & Speakes,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky. We will take pleasure in showing the j: arm to prospectivebuyers. t xTERMS Easy and made known day of sale.HARRIS & SPEAKES, AgentsGEO D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Immediately after the Shrout land sale we will sell for L.B. Burns, about SO black face ewes, 1 Southdown buck andabout 8 tons extra good timothy hay, baled.TheKirtleyFarmShropshireIn Scott County, Ky., 7 Miles From Georgetown625 ACRES IN FIVE TRACTS 625AT PttBLIC AUCTIONFriday, January 30th, 1920,AT 10:00 A. M., ON THE PREMISESThis fine Scott county farm is situated in a splendid neighborhood and is centrally located amid Paris, Cynthiana, Georgetown arid Lexington. It has much scattered timber and all improvements and fences are practically new. Mr. Shropshire, an excellent farmer, has used this farm-extensively as a stock farm, thereby addingmuch fertility to a naturally fine body of land. In fact, this farm is only a short distance from the land thatgrew the prize $1.15 per lb. crop of tobacco in the Burley Belt this season. Much of this farm is in fine old bluegrass sod, ready for tobacco. A new pike is being built from Leesburg Pike, three-quarters of a mile into thisproperty. The constructor of this new macadam road is under bond to have same completed by July 25, 1920.Tract No.-1 -Contains about 190 acres and frontson the Leesburg Pike, also new pike. It is highly improvedby this beautiful and convenient country home of six rooms,large presses, hall and bath, glassed in side porch enclosingcistern, large attic, concrete cellar and walks; acetylenelighted; fine young orchard; double garage, coal shed, 3 henhouses, meat house, 4-room servants' . house, 50x80 stockbarn with 12 roomy double lined box stalls, tongue andgrooved floored loft over 3-4 entire barn, 1200 bu. oat bin,gear room, also stock scales inside, 2 mule sheds attached,running water system throughout, 200 barrel corn crib,40x84 tobacco barn with stripping room attached. All stockbuildings painted red. This tract is well fenced and wellwatered by 3 good ponds and 2 springs; 1 1 S acres inold blue grass sod; 30 acres in barley, 12 acres inyoung clover, 10 acres in new blue grass, 20 acres in timothy and clover.Tract No. 2 Contains about 130 acres, adjoiningTract No. 1 and fronts on new pike, and is improved by 8room frame dwelling, all necessary outbuildings, 40x60barn. This tract is well fenced and well watered by cistern and 2 never failing springs, one of them supplying apond, the other a large concrete tank. 90 acres inold blue grass sod, balance in blue grass, cloverand timothy.Tract No. 3 Contains about 40 acres, adjoinsTract No. 4 and fronts on Leesburg pike, also on new pike,and is improved by 7-room frame dwelling, all necessaryoutbuilding, 40x48 stock barn with tongue and grooved loftfloor entire barn, 8 box stalls and oat bin. This tract iswell fenced and watered by creek and engine in pump housesupplies water through barn. It is in a high state of cultivation, being in clover, excepting 3 acres in wheat.Tract No. 4 Contains about 100 acres, adjoinsTracts 3 and 5 and fronts on new pike. It is improved by56x120 barn with stripping room attached. This tract iswell watered by springs and pond and is well fenced. 18acres in wheat 12 acres-in timothy, clover and blue grass,8 acres in old clover, 62 acres in old bluegrass sod.Tract No. 5 Contains about 130 acres, adjoinsTract No. 4 and fronts on new pike. It is improved by anice 6-room modern cottage, freshly painted and having agood artesian well at door, all necessary outbuildings, new60x60 ft. barn with 16x44 ft. concrete silo attached. Thistract is well fenced and is watered by 2 springs, 15 feendeep pond with concrete wash way, 30 acres in wheat sowedto blue grass (splendid stand) balance in old clover andtimothy sod, excepting 8 acres in corn, hogged down.This is a splendid opportunity offered the public to obtain one or more small improved farms at the public's ownprice, as the owner has consigned to us this farm to be subdivided and sold without reserve or by-bid.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.At the same time and place we will sell the following personal property: 1 Shorthorn bull, registered; 1 pair.5-year-old mules, horse and mare 15 hands high; 1 pair 7-year-old mare mules, 16 hands high; 100 barrelsgood seed corn, sold in one-bushel lots; lot of clover seed; lot of timothy; lot of blue grass seed; 5 head of yearlingsteers, weight 900 pounds; 4 head yearling heifers, 800 pounds; some cows; six 500 to 600 pound calves; 500 or600 concrete blocks, lot of fodder, some corn in shock, lot of timothy-hay, lot of clover hay, 27 head of sheep, 7head of lambs, 12 brood sows, 1 registered Duroc Jersey boar; also household and kitchen furniture, farming implements and other things too numerous to mention.For further information see the owner, KIRTLEY SHROPSHIRE, who lives on the home tract, orC. E. Buckley, Phone 3986T. C. Geary, Phone 3427; Chas. Conner, Phone 2582-YSALES MANAGERS AND LAND AGENTS, LEXINGTON, KY.COL. GEORGE SPEAKES, Auctioneer. ,ttBrooks & Snapp IDruggistsjI"I-"i, & ,. , .f., ' ?r JTUSJBDAV, JANUARY 27, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYF AGE FIVEV -;hf jfjjyjfcirrjjm'0mr m&2&ft(B&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEJUST BECETVED.A fresh supply of Mullane's FineCandies at L. Oberdorfer's Dru&Store. (lt)CHICKENS AND HENSWe want your &ens and all kindsof fowls.(It) c. P. COOK & CO.o 'A SBEAT RECORD. .During the past year 741 patientswere admitted to the Massie Mero?ial Hospital. Number of hospitaldays 5,943. less than 8 deaths.Keep tip this good work. Subscribeliberally.HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUEMEETING.The . regular monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon Health " and WelfareLeague will be held in the CountyCourt room in the court house,Thursday afternoon, January 29, atthree o'clock. This will be an important business meeting, at whichinteresting matters will be considered and. discussed.HELP THE HOSPITAL.Maintenance costs has increased2Yz times what they were in 1914.It is for this reason that we have toeek outside help to keep the MassieMemorial Hospital open.BOURBOJT NAVAL RECRUIT.Samuel D. Smith, of North Middletown, enlisted as an apprenticeseaman at the Lexington navy recruiting station Saturday. He wasent to the naval training station atGulf port, Miss., to report for training. The report for the week showsLexington to be the second city inthe State in the number of recruitssecured for the naval service.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.REV. COMBS TO LECTURE HEREFEBRUARY 12.The Woman's Society of the, ParisChristian Church has secured Rev.Gilbert R. Combs, formerly pastorof the Paris Methodist Church, todeliver his famous lecture, "FolkLore of The Mountains," in Paris,on the night of February 12. Theadmission has been placed at fiftycents. The proceeds will be devoted to special church work, whichthe women of the Society have undertaken, (td)INSURANCE AGENTS MEET.About twenty-five District Agentsand Assistant Superintendents ofthe Metropolitan Life InsuranceCompany in this district, were guestsSaturday of Superintendent J. T.Tucker, in this city. A businesssession was held in the Mtropolitanoffices in the Masonic Temple, atwhich matters of vital importancewere discussed.At the conclusion of the morningpession the visitors were guests ofSuperintendent Tucker at Stout'sCafe, where they were treated to asumptous menu, where toasts were"made and responded to.oSKULL CRUSHED BY PALL DOWNSTEPS.An unfortunate accident happened last night by which. Mrs. J. W.Hilton, of South Main street, losther life. Mrs. Hilton, who is thewife of a well-known Louisville andNashville railroad conduction wasdescending a staircase at her home,when she tripped and fell to thebottom, a distance of twenty feet.She was 'rushed in the ambulance tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, butdied a short time after reachingthere. Her skull was fractured bythe fall. The body was removed tot.z. .-- -uw, onntvi Afain street.c-ha 4c survived bv her husbandand two sons, Joseph, aged twelve,and Eugene, aged eight. The bodywill be taken to Richmond, her lodhome, for burial.REPORT. OF HENRY SALEGeorge D. Speakes and M F. Kenney officiated Saturday as auctioneers at the sale of live stock, cropand farming implements belongingto Dr. D. S. Henry. The sale washeld on the premises on the Georgrefown pike,vnear Paris. On accountof the disagreeable weather apd thed fficulty of reaching the Paccount of blockaded roads and the-leet the attendance was small, buteverV'tning brought good prices.Cowl ld for $75 to $212.50 a head:lS5 a hid; Lay sold for f 32 a ton; !Tines for $11 to ?31 a Head. TheSins implements brongOt sat.sfactory prices.BEKABKAF"V DEAL IN BOURBON LAND.One of the most remarkable dealsin the history of Blue Grass real estate was consummated in Panswhen James Martin sold the JosephFarris farm, near Millersburg, containing 112 acres 4o E. H. Carr andC C Chanslor, for $48,000. Mr.Farris, while Jailer of Bourboncounty, about three years ago,bought the farm for 117.000. Hesold it a year ago to .Mr. Carr, ofVersailles, for $26,000. Mr. Carrsold it a few weeks afterward to A.W Shrout, for $27,000. Mr Shroutin turn: disposed of the farm toJami Marti for $39,000. LastSaturday the latest deal was carriedirriil'y -. tut,. Martin disposed9? the fatp; for .00ft a gjta .-Mrs. Louis Saloshin, of Cincinnati, is visiting relatives in thiscity.. J- A- Pence and family havemoved from Paris to their formerhome in North Middletown.Robert E. Cay wood, of Paris,spent several days the past week inRavenna, as 'guest of his brother,Dr. E. S. Caywood.Miss Charlina Ball continuesvery ill at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Ball, on theMaysville pike, near Paris.Howard Doyle and Charles Day,of near Paris, have gone to Detroit,Mich., where they will enter aschool for mechanical work.Mrs. Anna Lee, of Carlisle, whohas been a patient at the PetreeSanitariuni, in this city, has beentaken to Lexington for treatment.Swift Champ, editor of THENEWS, returned Saturday morningfrom a two-weeks' sojourn at WestBaden Springs, West Baden, Indiana. Mrs. Louis Mussinon has returned from a visit to her brother-in-law,who is very ill at his homein Ripley, Ohio.L. D. Harris and George D.Speakes, of the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, were in Mr. Sterling, last week, on a business mission. Rev. Frank M. Tinder, Jr., hasleturned to his home in Hubble,Ky., after a visit to his father, Rev.Frank M. Tinder, Sr., in North Middletown. A. L. Boatright and A. L. Burley, prominent workers in the Christian church have been on the sicklist for several days, but are improving. Miss Nancy Griffith, of Paris,was one of the guests Friday evening at the entertainment given by.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Brown, inhonor of the Llentelle Park BridgeClub.Mrs. John J. Redmon and Mrs.William Redmon entertained themembers of- the North MiddletownWoman's Club, Friday afternoon, atthe home of the former, near NorthMiddletown.Miles Hillary Henderson Davis.better known as "Red,"' and Dr.M.Hume Bedford, both of Paris, attended the meeting of Webb Com-,mandery No. 2, Knights Templar, in'Lexington, Friday night.Mrs. Edward F. Pri chard, whohad expected to leave last week fora visit to friends in New York City,was detained here by the death ofMr. James E. Threlkeld, in Maysville.' Mrs. Prichard left yesterdayfor her trip.Albert Stewart, son of Mr. andMrs. William Stewart, residing onKentucky avenue, is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, where herecently underwent an operation forappendicitis. He is getting along"very nicely.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Shackleford and son Earl, and Miss MattieHite, former Parisians, who havebeen residing in Hamilton, Ohio, forseveral months, have returned toCinciifnati, and are now located atNo. 425 West Fourth street.Strother D. Mitchell, of KansasCity, Mo.; was a recent guest of Dr.and Mrs. R. D. Weaver, in NorthMiddletown. Mr. Mitchell is inKentucky for the purpose of makingcrop arrangements for a farm inFayette county ne recently purchased. Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, formerlyMiss Corinne Collin3, of Paris, is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she was taken Saturday, suffering from pneumonia. Shewas reported yesterday as being inabout the same condition, but withchances good for her recovery.The "Saauplf Case", departmentin Sunday's Lrxington Herald hasthe following- "Noah Rose, ofParis, traveling representative forthe E. F. Spears & Sons Mills at thatplace, has left a hot trail with RedCross flour sales for the competitorsup the L. & E. road."Miss La Malle, of New York,Field Superintendent of Nurses forthe Metropolitan Life InsuranceCo., Miss Wallingford, of Maysville,and Miss Crosby, of Cynthiana,nurses for the same company, werelecent visitors in Paris. The ladieswere here conferring with Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for theBourbon Health and WelfareLeague, regarding the work here.Mrs. Edward Caldwell entertained with a "500" party recentlyher home on South Main street.Those who enjoyed this delightfulhospitality were: Mr. and Mrs.Jaynes Savage, Mr. and Mrs. Gran.Denton, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Slicer,Mr nnd Mrs. G. W. Wilder. Mr. andMrs. Harrv Smith, Mrs. C. A. Amyx,Mrs. T. W. Titus, Mrs. May Smith,Mrs S. W. Summers, Misses L.enaWhaley, Madeline Hudleston, SaraDaniel, Sophia Wilson, Mary lay-tnn nnd Mrs. Moseii ttUddiesion.After the games the hostess served atempting luncheon.RELIGIOUS.An all-day meeting of the Pastors' Aid Society of Presbyterianchurch will be held to-day in thechurch parlors. The ladies willserve luncheon at noon to the officers of the church.The ladies of the Christianchurch congregation . will meetthis afternoon with membersof the Woman's Society of thechurch. The meeting will be a"sewing" with carpet rags, sewingmaterial, lunch and a social time allintermingled. Coffee will be furnished by members of the Womans'Society.Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,is delivering a series of sermons on"The Bible, Its Divisions and ProperUses," at the Sunday morning services. At the night service he isconducting a study of church history, with incidents in the-iives ofsome of the old pioneer preachers" ofthe Christian church.CHRISTIAN CHURCH NOTESThe Adult Bible Classes' Get-TogetherBanquet will be held in theMiiitvVi norlnro nr 7 'ft ft T m Thursday, January 29. The Men's Class is iserving the banquet, which is theresult of a contest between the Ladies and Men's classes, in whidh theLadies' Class led by a 6good majority. All officers of the church, officersand teachers of the Sunday School,all member of the Adult Department, which includes the Ladies'Class, Mrs. Funk's Class and Mr.Boatright's Class, are invited to attend, and those who are not members, who were recently solicited byihe Membership Comjmittees of theSunday Schools, are especially requested to be on hand, as there willbe some interesting short talks relative to the Church -and BibleSchools. -Due to the uncertainty of lights,caused "by the recent sleet, the Simday evening services of the churchwas dispensed with.The Adult Bible Classes had several new members and visitors present last Sunday, as the result of arecent Membership Canvass.A special offering will be takennext Sunday morning for the Armenian Relief, Those interested willplease bring their subscription.There will be a song service atthe church Sunday evening, February 1, The program will be furnished by the Male Chorus, which iscomposed of about sixteen voices.Everone is most cordially invited.ATTENTION, UNIFORM RANKThere will be a called meeting otA. J. Lovely Company, No. 34, Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias, attheir Castle Hall, to-morrow (Wednesday) night, at 7:30 o'clock, tomake arrangements for public installation of officers. This will alsobe inspection ,and military night.Full uniform requested.W. W. DUDLEY, Captain.For SaleA five-passenger, Model 1918Buick Touring Car. In good running condition, and cheap if sold atonce.BUSH BISHOP,Both Phones No. 224.(27-lt-pd)Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give pie a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aST) 6Cifl,l tV"J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 918Main Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf)THE FAIRThe Tamna. Fla., correspondence of the Sunday Courier-Journalhas the following interesting notesregarding Bourbon county peoplfe:"R. li. Tarr, Millersburg, Ky., expected to arrive soon at Umatilla fora stay of indefinite length, enjoyingFlorida outdoor life Mrs. D. S.Henry and Misses Charlotte and Elizabeth Henry, Paris, Ky., are recentTampa' arrivals E. Dailey, Paris,Ky., has arrived in Tampa for theseason, and will be the 'guest of hisniece, Mrs. Charles Knight, Edgefcater Parks.... Mr. and Mrs. Robt.Meteer and Mrs. C. P. Claybrook,Paris, Ky., are among late arrivalsat Fort Myers E. C. Cleveland.Paris, Ky., was elected a member ofthe Board of Managers of the TapipaTourist Club this week:" v(Other Pergonal on Page 3.)AnnouncingTwo Sales Days, Saturdayand Next Monday,Court DayNo doubt you are wondering howwe can offer the following at suchlow prices. Quantity buying is theanswer.French Waffle Irons, baking 8Waffles at one time, ?1.59; IronMuffin Pans. 6 holes, each 57C; PureAluminum Dippers, each 37c; Granite Dippers, each 19 c; Stove Pipes,any size, per joint 19c; MixingBowls, 12-inches across the top.49c; Guaranteed 30-hour AlarmClocks, $1.39; Felt Weather Strips,10-feet long, 15c a package; Asbestos Table. Mats, 10c; two-footRules, 19c; Comb and Brush cases,15c; large size Tin Scolloped CakePans, 10c; Aluminum Steel Wool,for cleaning all kinds Cooking Utensils,, per package, 9c; Polished GlassTumblers, each 5c; Tin Dish Pans,small size, each 25c; room lots otWall Paper, at bargain prices. Remember, for 2 days only!T H E F A I RCoats and DressesFor theSchool GirlBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at $12.98$17.50 Coats at $13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at .. $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75$39.50 Coats at $27.50Belted or straight models in Plum, Wine, Brown, Blue, Taupesome with collars of fur.School DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred materials are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12,50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.00 Models at $19.75$29.50 Models at.. $24.75Just right for the school roomHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main Street:Paris Ky.hvIf You Have Not Heard theART HICKMAN ORCHESTRADance Music You Have Not Heard Dance.MusictWe Have Just Received From the FirstRelease:Peggy; Tell Me Why (Art Hickman, Orchestra). 10 inchv85c. 2812.My Baby's Arms; On the Streets of Cairo (Art Hickman Orchestra). 10-lnch, 85c. 2811.The Hesitating Blues; Thoe Drafting Blues (Art HickmanOrchestra). 10-inch, 85c. 2813.Patches; Sweet and Low (Art Hickman Orchestra), 101 inch, 85c. 2814.And These:I'll Always Be Waiting for You (Charles Harrison, Tenor)Bye Low (Campbell and Burr, Tenor Duet). 10-in., 85c. 2827.'The First Rose of Summer; Somebody's Heart (The Harrov- Six). .10-inch, 85c. 2797. , PPWailana altz; Hawaiian Medley Two-Step (Helen Louiseand Frank Ferera). 10-inch, 85c, 2016My Old Kentucky Home; Medley of Hawaiian Waltzes (Helen Louise and Frank Ferera). 10-inch, 85c. 1814. -Mummy Mine;-Egyptian d (Earl Fuller's Novelty Orchestra)10-inch, 85c. 2722. . 'I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles; Beautiful Ohio Blues (Columbia Saxaphone Quartette). 10-inch, 85c. 2784.If you want the best Phonograph buy the COLUMBIA, theonly machine made with the non-set automatic stop.Iff you want the best Records buy COLUMBIA.THE J. T. HINrOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AHB MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingv- S AVizy531,800 m inree ywm vi v- ---in&I selling prior.ri . VPAGISOXT-TftE BQffRBffifl gKWfe PABJ& KSyfUYTUESDAY, JANUARY 27, l2t.DON'T PUSH.'-"mWbi?2L' ml:ZmHiL' jjte?jL ld?Zl v t yT - -- . - . ,MAKE MAPS FROM AIRISr.s!Shoulders11 BakingCaresWhen CALUMETcomes in, all bakingtroubles take quickleave You go rightahead and mix up baking materials, for biscuitscakes anything without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.CALUMETBAKING POWDERis the most popular because it docs givemost perfect results. It has the biggest demand because it is the most tic-pendable. I he fact that it js the bijRest seller proves that it is the best.XiiiiiJi win uuviuit: you Li:uk iiic.i; isnone"justas good.'' Buy acan- .f ycuare not satisfied take it back endget your money back.Calumet contains only such inure-dients as have been approved.officially by the U. S. FoodAuthorities.Ycu tare v. ken you buy it.HIGHESTQUALITYHIGHESTAWARDSEager for Information.Robert was taking physiology andthe -subject Interested him. One dayIre decided to tell his small brothersome facts. Pointing to a vein in hisilMind, he said : "The stuff in that veinj-keeps 'the heart going; do you knowwnat'8 in It?" ".No," was brother'squick reply, 'VI don't know; what isft, oil or gas?"-o-Export of Cattle.iimrf mm iT!M Tom . . .J Buy Pepto-Mangan at your drugfcgland from America m 1861, but it gisrs. Be Baxe the name Gude's"4kt not become a regular business un-tM several years later.L,et UsBusinessYour partner foas a knowledge of yourbusiness and you look to him for advice andcounsel on important matters. You are entitled to all the help he can give you.Do you get a partner's help on your printedmatter? Do you get themost from the specialized knowledge which we have regardingprinting and paper, andwhich a combination of the two can render? ; j .s Our job department has every modern equip- j,i . ment for doing work on rush "orders. For "letterheads, billheads, and all kinds of forms,we .cany in stock, recommend and -use-VI " SfMfSThe Xtility 'Business PaperLet Us Serve You as a PartnerBOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTA MAN ANQ HIS WIFEILEVY, THE .DRY CLEANER' FSSM6 ? - Home Phone 169-Many interesting things have beenlearned of late about the mechanicsof gTeat crowds. To' look downupon a mass of people or to struggle through it, the group seems tobe governed by no rules whatever.When a crowd is lined up along asidewalk to watch a parade for instance, the greatest pressure is exerted on the third line behind thefront. It has been found that themass force of a crowd even wheneach, man in it is unconscious ofpushing, it often irresistable. Bachone pushing just a trifle develops 'aforce which will tear down theheaviest timbers. The police whoattempt to stop it are swept aside.People are crushed to death in thishuman vise. The moral is, when ina crowd, don't push.WHY IS AHEADACHE?Pepto-Mangum Enriches and BuildsUp the Blood.Pallor, Headaches and Shortness ofBreath DisapnearPepto'-Mangan Sold" in Liquid andTablet Form'Why should any girl or young join an continue to have a pale, sallowcomplexion and a listless, run-downsystem devoid of energy and vitality? Such young folks are continuallyunhappy and dejected simply because they accept such a' conditionas their misfortune, and envy theirfriends who are in the bloom ofhealth and enjoying all the goodthings of life.iIf such young women would realize that their anemic condition isprobably due to thin, impoverishedDlood, which could easily be enliched by Gude's Pepto-Mangan,how much happier and attractivethey would be.Gude's -Pepto-Mangan is a safe,beneficial and pleasant tonic for anyone suffering from any ailmentcaused by poor blood. If taken regularly for a few weeks it will enrichthe blood with thousands of thehealthy red-blood cells that areneeded to carry nourishment toevery part of the body.Pepto-Mangan is sold in bothliquid and tablet form. Both contain the same medicinal ingredients. is on the package. Without "Gude's"it is not Pepto-Mangan. (adv)1Be YourPartnerr"w-above all the service imay both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. The"cost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a. greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Airplanes to Be Used to ChartAmazon Anea.French Experts Plan to Survey Routeof River From FlyingMachines.Para, Brazil. Airplanes may be employed to map the valley of the greatAmazon river. If the French are successful -in their effort to use aircraftfor surveying the routes of the risersof French Guiana, it Is understoodthe Brazilian government will applythe same-method to the survey of theAmazon and its affluents.A French company is said to havebeen formed in Cayenne, with hangarson the Maroni river, and French aviators with flying experience gained inthe war are being employed to run the25 hydro-airplanes said to have beenfurnished by the government.In addition to making maps, the machines will be employed for carryingvaluable freight, mails and passengers.There are immense rivers in FrenchGuiana, which, because of the presenceof many rapids, are now only navigable In canoes, which take weeks totransport freight over distances whichthe hydro-airplanes can cover in asmany hours, xwith always largestretches of smooth watef offering asuitable surface for landing and "takeoffs." The freight charges are said to behigh, and the traffic is expected to consist mainly of gold, balato and essenceof rosewood, which are the principalexports of the colony. The passengerbusiness is not expected to be heavy.These hydro-airplanes will also beused for prospecting the forests forbalato trees, which grow in groups,so that the foliage can, i is said, bereadily distinguished by aviators flyinglow over the tops of the forest trees.In the past the securing of freshsources of balato has been a work ofmuch danger and difficulty. Speciallytrained balato workers, well armed,traveling in bands of 15 or 20, havebeen employed .to explore the forests,and they had to carry with them supplies to cover many months.STUDENT COSTS $641.60 YEARTuition Expense to Princeton University, for Which He PaysBut $174.Princeton, N. .T. President JohnGreer Hibben of Princeton universityauthorized the following statement:At the request of the university authorities,-Treasurer H. G. Duffield ofPrinceton, has just completed a studyof the actual cost to the university ofeducating a student.The figures show that for the yearsT912 to 1917 it cost an average of641.60 annually to educate an undergraduate. Toward this the studentpaid an average of $174 in tuition fees.Thus, a student who attended Princeton received, In effect, an actual giftfrom the university each year of services and work involving an outlay onthe part of the university over andabove (he amount the student paidof $467.60.The statement asserts no Increase intuition fees Is contemplated.FRENCH HELD IN PRISONSCaptive Returned From GermanyTells of Being in Solitary Confinev ment in Fort.Dijon, France. Germany still- retains French prisoners of war in closeconfinement, it is claimed by, LouisPoucher, a French volunteer, who wastaken prisoner in 1918, and returnedto l;is home here recently.hy declared "that he, with two comrades, was tried before a court-martialfor attempting to escape, and was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment ina fortress. He was taken to Danzig,and the others were sent to Koenigsherg. The Frencli mission from Berlin which visited the Danzig fortressdiscovered, according to Boucher, several prisoners in solitary confinement,and had them released. Boucher wasamong them. French war office records had carried the word "disappeared" against his name.NGERMANS WANT WHITE HOUSEPropose to Spend 22,000,000 Marks foran Official Residence for Presi-dent.Berlin. Germany. Plans are underway to spend 22,000,000 marks for thepurchase and equipment of a residencefor future German presidents, something onHhe line of the White Housein Washington or the FJysee in Paris, but necessarily less pretentious.The pan-German papers are opposingthe idea and one of them remarks sarcastically that the plan does not entirely fit In with Erzberger's talk about"uttermost economy."Numbers for Fong Sings.San Francisco, Ca. So. many FongSings appeared to "charges of violationof the federal narcotic laws that Federal Judge William Van Fleet "of thefederal court here was forced toplacethem in numbered chairs, such as"Fong Sing No. 1, Fong Sing No. 2,"etc., down the line. Each was treading on the other's toes, so to speak,and all the attorneys and all the king'smen had a terrible time parting themagain. Forty-two Chinese faced thecharge t selling narcotics withoutlicense. aInvade Houses in Yellowstone InSearch of Gnib.Animals So Tamed by U. S. ProtectionThey Follow PeopleAround.Denver. Deer, which invade kitchens cf houses in search of food, andbeggar bears, which waylay automobile tourists and pedestrians along theroads, are examples of the extent towhich the protection furnished by thegovernment to the wild game withinthe boundaries of 'Che various nationalparks has tamed the animals, according to Horace M. Albright, superintendent of Yellowstone National park,and assistant to Stephen M. Mather,director of national parks, who cameto Denver recently to attend the meeting of park officials."One night shortly before I left, 1went to a dance," said Mr. Albright."I took home a pitcher of cider and aplate of doughnuts. When I reachedthe house I placed them on a backstep, while I unlocked the door. Avnolse behind me caused me to lookaround and there was a big mule deerwith his nose buried in the pitcher ofcider, lie followed me into the housefor one of the doughnuts, and whenI gave it to him, he trotted off." "It is no unusual sight, declared Albright, to See deer entering and leaving a house in Yellowstone. Smallchildren feed them from their hands,and beggar bears, he declared, havecome to be one of the biggest attractions of the park."They wait beside the road until anauto or party of pedestrians approach,and then get up on their hind legs andextend their front paws for contributions" Albright said.The tameness of the animals has itsdrawbacks as well, because It makesthem easy for pot hunters if they happen to stray beyond rhe park boundaries. W$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$S$$$Broadway's LatestIs Rag Doll on ArmNew York. With a rag doll,12 inches long, dangling to aribbon from her arm, Mrs. CarlLamb. Philadelphia, wife ofLieutenant Lamb, U. S. N., created a small-sized sensation onBroadway recently. The - doll,"Patsy Dooley" by name, wasbrought along, said Mrs. Lamb,"to keep me 'company." She Isgoing to China soon, she said,and will take "Thomas Squeelix," a brother to "Patsy," alongwith her.$$tt$$$5$$$$$$$$$il)FINDS HIS STOLEN PICTUREArtist Discovers Painting at ArtDealer's Taken From His Studio16 Years Ago.New York. Among thejroducts ofhis own brush prized most 'highly byChilde llassam, was a picture whichlie painte'd when beginning his careerIn the Latin quarter of Paris threedecades ago, and although it disappeared 10 years ago, when he wasmoving from., one apartment to another in this city, his recollection of Itnever faded entirely.ltecently Frank K. M. Rehn. son ofan artist and himself u dealer In artat C West Fiftieth street, called onMr. Hassam to Inquire as to the authenticity of a picture attributed tohim and previously acquired by thedealer. When Mr. Hassam entered thedealer's gallery and viewed "FlowerGirl Selling Peonies," he at once recognized his long-missing painting. AsMr. Rehn had bought the painting hedemurred against giving it back without being reimbursedMr. Hassam began an action in thesupreme court for the recovery of thepicture or $1,000,BRITONS LACK CHORUS GIRLSSlow to Turn to Slage After ong Period at Other Work -DuringWar.London. England is experiencing ashortage of chorus girls, according tosome theatrical agents and stage managers. 'Plenty of young women are stillanxious to get into the limelight, butexperienced girds are said to be farless plentiful than they were. One theatrical agent has explained the situation thus:"During thexwar a large number ofchorus girls, show girls and other'small part ladies' left the stage forother work. Some are remaining in Itpermanently ; others have not yet comeback to the theater: N Many girls, too,were married to officers during thewar. Even salaries of four pounds($19.40) are not tempting girls to goout. of London." .Blew .'Out 90 Lights.Rochester, Minn. With' 13" relative?and members' of his family about him, JC. C. -Wilson, a Rocliester Attorneycelebrated hlsnlnetieth birthday here. IA cake sufficiently- large to cover an !ordinary table contained 90 candles.Wilson blew out the candles one at"atime and when he got through' he Intimated that he would perform a moreImportant feat ten years hence. Wilson is beUeved to bethe oldest practicing .attorney In the Northwest. ,The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like ThesepT. W.I MAIN STREETsmmm..,...i..-..n i .iBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 Weit Fifh Street1AN?rWC -i IBrH fKEEiS&&H J 7The Bourbon Laundry jParis,Prompt Pay PromotesEfficiency" , .I Commence the NEW YEAR by paying your billspromptly.I Not only does this facilitate matters, but it meansbetter service to you no matter whether it is telephoneservice or any other service because the time consumedby employees in rounding up collections should be spentimproving the service for which the bill is made.Paris Home Telephone TelegrafrftCompany(Incorp orated) -J. J. Veatch, District Manage9 SE Ha J rREDUCED PRICESONClover and AlfalfaMayBuying in large quantities hasenabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a special price on our preseut stock ofhay. Phone your order beforeour stock is sold.Perry, McCann & MitchellBoth Phones 94ftElectric Irons, Chafinc:Dishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, dgg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, -convenient,safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALL- HERESPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEiMinMHKiSEnsnnsnsinMnssEsxii1IIIISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!IXk T"W . .- . .With all the latest lmrrrnvp.-jTt" ments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areM P.rePared to do work infe-1X,V iWi LW ilUUU, U JUIlWtU your patronage.XKentucky!xIXW. H. Cannon, local Jfanif.Yi' -i"-oF---"VV vN"fcSi, f" ttftqy-xi -ATtv -NSWViTUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1920.ae112 Milfions'rased last yearto KILL COLDSSii y hilf:.5V(&AferQl)ININEROMB .rf'd cold remedv for 20 yearstablet- fnrm ir -. ."IV, J.-IC, egopiates breaks up a cold in 24----- .....-. .m iiy in j uays.Loiicy DacK it it :ails. Thegenuine box has a Redpicture.if AllCreg StoreThe Newspaper in North Africa.'Extra!" shouted In the streets ofAlgiers or any other North Africantown would not bring the people of thestreets crowding around the newsboy,Ziut would send them hurrying, as muchas it lies In an Arab to hurry, to the"ofle" of the public reader. He. holdsan important position, his duty 'beingto pass on the news of the day to illiterate citizens. -The Christian Herald.or)Snnf Haiti Onfiral Cn. r4 IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lens4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while" our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyLadies' Suits $24.50Values to $35.00Ladies; Coats $24.50Long and Short CoatsValues to $39.50Ladies' and Misses' SkirtsValues to $12.50, special at$9.50Ladies' and Misses' Silk andSerge Dresses$18.50, $24.50, $29.50Ladies' Misses' and Children's HatsChoice at 98cJOHN WHITE k GO.LOUISVIkbKf m.nrf full vain PM .frFOBSrawHitfes MdCoat -M. srtA'HSIinnNNH Enseal'VlvlWiiw. .. Vull kv A,;ninti .&.FW7 m.vv w Bm BmCOMiiSTSiGERMANY PLOTSeized Documents Disclose PlansAre Projected for Organized Murder.w.-l.TTt?'W-'-'.NEW TACTICS ARE ADOPTEDAgitators Are Patten Ing on Proletarian Funds. Some of Which Emanate Directly From BolshevikRussia Plots Disclosed.Berlin. Communists of a dangeroustype are afoot in Germany. Theirplots for the winter are coming tolight. These range from mild demonstrations to organized murder. And,while leaders are innocently declaringthat the Intentions, of J)0th independent socialists and communists arepeaceful, the. government Is constantlyrounding up documents proving that atleast among certain groups of communists there exist plans of the bloodiest nature.Government disclosures leave littleroom for doubt that some of the wilderspirits among the Spartacans proposedto form a murderbund that would doaway with political opponents.Dire Work Projected.For instance, Munich newspapers,Prussian Minister-President Hirschand the military are authority for revelations in the closing days of September, showing that, among otherthings, the Spartacists planned thefollowing:(a) To do away with a large number of officers and soldiers in Munich,slaying them as they slept; (b) that agroup of reds from Munich proposedto blacklist a number ofpromlnent officials, draw lots, and then "put away"the condemned; (c) that, particularlyin Munich, plans were afoot for creation of red "shock troops," to useagainst the regular military particularly against monarchist officers; (d)that, in cases of demonstrations, women and children were to be put in thefore ranks to shield the cowards behind from the machine guns of thegovernment troops; (e) that the communist government should ally itselfwith the anarchist-syndicalist groups.All evidence at hand in the last fewweeks has shown quite conclusivelythat the Spartacists and the independpnts were endeavoring to prove conclusively to Germany and to the world'that they had moderated. Certainly,In general, they adopted a new courseof tactics from that pursued last winter and spring, when rioting and bloodshed were the order of the day. Theirnew course appeared to consist in fomentation of strikes and other internal troubles with a view to embarrassing the government and hampering thenational life that the existing regimewould be overthrown. Now, however,the evidence of the government contained in documents seized from imprisoned Spartacists shows that whereas sabotage and kindred weaponswere probably favored by the bulk ofthe communists, there was anothergroup that believed in "direct action"of the worst sort.The murder of Government InspectorBlau In August led the government toprobe even more deeply than beforeinto the secret workings of the communist group.Many Arrests Made.This general investigation led to anumber of arrests, including the haulat Halle, wherein about a dozen of veryradical, stripe were captured. It alsoproved to the government's satisfaction that Blau was killed by reds..Munich continues to be a fruitfulsource of communist agitation. Someof the reddest of the reds have theirheadquarters there. From these headquarters issue secret orders which every now and then fall into governmenthands and prove that not only arethese agitators willing to harm, andeven halt, the national industrial life,but have no really sincere desire tobenefit the laboring man.Instead, it has been shown, the agitators are fattening on proletarianfunds, some of which emarato directlyfrom bolshevik Russia and others ofwhich are collected from the "brethren" in Germany, Austria and Czechoslovakia. -.Part of the program of these agitators is to give their course an air ofrespectability by recruiting "intellectuals." Woman Dog Catcher.Denver, Colo. "The only woman dogcatcher in the world" Is the title applied to Mrs. Laura Dietrich, deputjpound mistress at the dog pound here.Mrs. Dietrich is highly efficient in theunusual role, according to William C.Fox. superintendent, who declaredthat he had misgivings at first as tothe advisability of securing a womanfor the position, as he thought it wouldbe too difficult "However, I soondiscovered that dogs resist a womanmuch less than a man," he said. "Theyare handled by Mrs. Dietrich withmuch less trouble than by a man."Parls in Oysters.Beloit, Wis. Forrest Wilson boughta quart of oysters for 50 cents. Wheneating thenf he bit on something hardand found it to be a pearl. Afeuseconds later his son had a similar 'Xperience. The stones had not beencooked enough to harm them: Theliwest one is worth $r0 and thasmaW-1 er $10, making 60 in two bitea.;30URBONNEWS,Lrv. -STATE EXPERIMENT STATIONTOBACCO REPORT.The range of tobacco prices for allclasses of tobacco raised in Kentuckyis higher than at any time except atthe opening of the market and tobacco is being brought to market ingreater volume than at any timeduring the season. One noticeable'feature, however, is taking place;the finer types of tobacco" are eitherholding their price level or increasing in value while the poorer gradesare settling to lower levels.There is a large quantity of common types of 'tobacco still to be marketed and the preponderance of thistype is likely to break the marketsometime during the coming month.The following is a quotation fromTobacco, an English- tobacco journal: "Despite thfe threat of dearer tobacco and cigarettes in the NewYear, stocks were never larger, andshipments of tobacco leaf has beensuspended at Liverpool owingto theenormous stocks held in the bondedwarehouses. The Liverpool representative of Tobacco states that thetotal value of the raw (material atthe port reaches 18,000,000 pounds(approximately $86,400,000.) Thestock there has increased from 60,000 to 120,000 hogsheads, and theduty on each is 150 pounds. All thebonded warehouses in London, Glasgow', and Bristol also are full."oA ROMANCE NIPPEDRomances may sometimes developat a movie show and sometimesthey get nipped in the bud. This,happened at The Alamo one nightrecently. THE NEWS man took aseat behind a young man who satbehind a young woman and an elderly companion who was perhaps hermother. Everything seemed to goon about normally until the youngman in front suddenly kicked thefoot of the young woman in frontof him.Evidently she did not resent it,and he, perhaps thoughtlessly, didnot take the trouble to remove idsfoot. And then the girl did one ofthose original things so characteristic of women. She produced ahandbag with a mirror attachment,and, while ostensibly powdering heralready lily-white nose, she glancedin the mirror to see what the modernRomeo behind looked like.Whether she was satisfied withthe picture in the mirror could notbe determined, but evidently, shewas, because her emeriy companion, evidently or possibly her mother, getting suspicious, told theyoung lady to put on her hat, andthey departed. Thus the romanceended.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE."When a druggist finds that hiscustomers all speak of a certainpreparation, he forms a good opinionof it and when in need of such amedicine is almost certain to use ithimself and in his family. This iswhy so many druggists use and recommend Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. J. B. Jones, a well knownlruggist of "Cuburn, Ky., says, "Ihave used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy in my family for the pastseven years, and have found it to bethe best cough medicine I have everknown."(adv-jan)oWhen a Man's Sick.It is when we are sick that we makethe hardest call on our philosophy oflife. It is the most difficult of mentalfeats to be resigned to physical suffering and incapacity. There have beencheerful sick men in history! likeAlexander Pope, it is true, but theywere and are few and far between.Julius Caesar, for instance, proved tobe a very querulous man when hewax sick.TO THE DYSPEPTIC.Would you not like to feel thatyour stomach troubles are over, thatyou can eat any kind of food thatyou crave? Consider then the factthat Chamberlain's Tablets havecured others why not you. Thereare many who have been restored tohealth by taking these tablets andcan now eat any kind of food thatthey crave.(adv-jan)Titles Occupational.An English newspaper suggests theuse of 'generic names for householdhelp, as, for instance: "Palmer" forparlor maid, "Jenny" for general."Scully" for scullery maid, and so on.All very well, but suppose In the firstcase there were three parlor maidswould it distinguish them as "Palm,""Palmer" and "Palmist?" BostonTranscript.-ODON'T YOU FORGET IT. 'Bear in mind that Chamberlain'sTablets not only move the bowelsbut improve the appetite andstrengthen the digestion. They contain no pepsin or other digestiveferment but strengthen the stomachand enable it to perform its functions naturally.(adv-jan)o .The Old Roman Household.In'the days of old Rome the culinary'department of an elegant establish-mc-ntboasted pans lindd with silvcimd pails of various descriptions richly inlaid. There were egg frames that.vould cook twenty eggs at once, andi.Mstry molds shaped like shells,. and1 in infinite assortment of gridirons, fry-ini: pans, cheese graters and, tartdishes.THEPARIS, KENTUCKYJliSII$W&iBfSlM8&'EDW. BURKE, PresidentTobacco Warehouse Co.Tobacco Received Any Time3 Big, Light, Roomy Warehouses3The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company has sold forthe season to date 3,604,200 pounds of tobacco for$1,878,839.44, an average of $52.07. Every basket soldincluded a very substantial lead over the Paris market.C We have demonstrated our ability to sell your -tobaccofor the highest dollar. We have stood by the growersin keeping down the selling fees. Won't it pay you tomake an effort to get in? -qStand by theyour tobaccoA. B. HANCOCKC. M. CLAY, JR.JAMES CALDWELL,BBBMMYn I I 1 TTQEkl lltiJwr iO" " " " s"Buy the soap that cleans wood-work withthe least effort. That's Grand mas PowderedSoap. Leaves wood-work with a bright,smooth surface and a hand-lustre polish.A tablespoonful in the water Romping,bursting suds instantly. They do the work,as you have nevefseen it done before. BuyGrandma's Powdered Soap for washing andeverything. It takes the place of both washing powder and soap. Goes further, doesmore, does everything better and easier.Cheaper to use.Buy a package from yourGrocer todayrand ma'sPowdered SOAPTnjThis Powdered SoapTodaijGxocexHasrThe Globe Soap Company. CincinnatiH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres.(Incorporated)people who have stood by youfor its full market value.1(EXCEPT SAWRDAY)DIRECTORSA. L. STEPHESSONH. S. CAYWOOD.ED. EURKESAM CLAYW. M. ROGERSC. D. WILSONPAGESftVSNMh141JNO. T. COLLINS, Managtrand who sellsS. R. BURJUS 'TOM BROCKJNO. T. COLLINS(n lCw)Z. I-P".'' 3-'.PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON J NEWS, PARIS, t KENTUCKY ,TUESDAYJANUARY 27, 1920.50HEADsoHEADTHF AIAMA A kJIV DADI& ADAfcJIl II A JI:..:A. Adult 27c plus 3c war tax.... 3tcWLmm rvLHkl B rklmw m -VkBVBV Mmrrkl mM II nUUIlwvlvllChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2tcTODAY, TUESDAYWm. Pox PresentsMariAlainf TravAKCIwlClUwICIIII? I I CI Wl 9the empress of stormy emotion,in "Lost Money"A dramatic-story of a fight for millions.AlsoWILLIAM DUNCANin 'SMASHING BARRIERS'Alamo Afternoon and EveningTomorrow, WednesdayNorma Talmadgein "Her Only Way"Also Bray Picto&raph '"Topics of the Day"and Prizma. Color Picture"Skyland"Thursday, January 22ndEugene O'Brien"THE BROKEN MELODY"One young couple achieved great success when apart And they both finallyrealized how really empty this allegedsuccess was without love.Auction SaleCOURT DAY,FEBRUARY 2, 1920, AT 10 A. N.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningv? -5r S F VOn that date I will sell at T. G. Morris Livery Stable on MainStree, Paris, Ky., 50 head of Draft and General Purpose Mares andGeldings. This is a good lot of horses. One load consists of heavyDraft Mares. Mostly all teams properly mated. Some mares iifoal. Remember when these horses hit the auction they are younfor I never draw a horse regardless of price.If you are in the market for a horse or two don't fail to attendthis sale. All stock guaranteed as represented. Written guaramtee if preferred. Your patronage appreciated.Remember the Date, February 2, at 10 a. m. prompt.R. N. PARKS,ACynthiana, Ky.'oMILLERSBURGMrs. R. M. Caldwell is ypnongthe sick.Mrs. Laura C. Jefferson continues about the same.No change for the better in thecondition of Mrs. S. C. Carpenter.Miss Margaret Allen is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Edward Dorian,in Memphis, Tenn.Messrs. James Ralls and John"arr have returned from a businesstrip- to several points in Ohio.R. E. Bonar and family willmove tills week to the residence formerly occupied by C. C. Chanslor, inButler Addition.Mr. J. T. Judy sold on Saturdayhis home on "North Main street, toMr. James Ellington, for $6,000.Possession to be given March 1st.Mrs. Richardson and Miss Overley have returned to their homes inyjemingsburg, after a visit to Mrs.FORMER GOV. WILSON ANNOUNCES FOR SENATOREarl Barton. Mrs. Barton gave aluncheon in their honor at her homenear .Millersburg-:VThe leavy sleet here Thursdayand Friday was very destructive.Shadp' trees were badly damaged,many completely ruined, and telephone and electric poles were demolished. On Friday morning therewere but six telephones of the HomeTelephone Company in operation,and not jmany more of the Cumberland. There was no serious damageto pedestrians from falling on theice, aithoug-u quite a number werelbadly shaken up. Friday and Saturday the streets were badly blocked by falling telephone poles, wrireand trees. During the time of thegreatest destruction, the mercurywas only a few degrees below freezing. It was the most destructivesleet in many years. Most of theelectric light damage was repairedby Saturday morning. We are completely isolated, both at home andwith the outside world in telephonecommunication.Augustus E. Wilson, former Governor, has indicated an intention tobecome a candidate for the Republican nomination for United StatesSenator on the ground that he is entitled to make another race againstSenator J. C. W. Beckham, who defeated Wilson in 1914. He said hewanted to have the fight all overagain, "under circumstances quitedifferent form those that obtaineddifferent from those that obtainedWillson said it was his understanding that Colonel A. T. Hert,National Committeeman from Kentucky, and other party leaders hadagreed upon Richard P. Ernst, ofCovington, as the logical man tomake the race.This, Mr. Wilson declared, wouldhave no effect on his candidacy.He recalled that in a former primary for the Senatorial nomination,when the organization was againsthim, he defeated Mr. Ernst by 7,000votes. tf'ISttRATTENTION, YOUNgIaDIESThe Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company requires more young women lolearn Telephone Operating.We will teach you and payyou while learning. Regularand frequent increases areinsured.We like tto employ alert,earnest young women, whoare courteous by nature andhave the ambition to succeedby doing their work correctly.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONETELEGRAPH COMPANY.(Incorporated.)Jan 2-tfA SAVINGS ON ,OVERCOATSE still have a fine lotof Overcoats left andthey're going to beif reduced pricesifsoldhave any weight with you.You can take our wordfor it they are this season's styles and colorings. We have a splendid argument in sellingthese coats. Reductionin prices. And you havenone if you need an overcoat only you shouldbuy one at these prices:Copyright, 191?, A, Br iorschhaum Company$22.50 Overcoats cut toi $17.2525.00 Overcoats cut to 19.7530.00 Overcoats cut to 24.7532.50 Overcoats cut to 27.2535.00 Overcoats cut to 29.7537.50 Overcoats cut to 32.2540.00 Overcoats cut to 34.7542.50 Overcoats cut to 37.2545.00 Overcoats cut to 39.7550.00 Overcoats cut to li 44.7552.50 Overcoats cut to 47.2560.00 Overcoats cut to 54.7565.00 Overcoats cut to 59.75RWONE PRICE STOREMAIN AND 7TH STS."GRAND OPERA HOUSE WEDNESDAY, JAN. 28THIS IS THE ERA OF CELEBRATI0NS-S0 GET READY FOR THIS ONEThe Fox Comedy Go. Announce theWonderful Combination of Nyravurunu uuu duui vjcix, m uio vjisii.Lp mjr m fJNew loric Musical comeay success.As BDftrklin and fresh the dew ofJane morning; e spicy qs the breezes of PerCatksytfce erection of Geo. E. Wintx himself.WrmiWith Untold Riches in Song and MelodyParseael Dlrectfea ef Geo. E. Wlatz Staged by Clem. T. ScteetarNEW YORK CASTNyra Brown, John G. Getz, Betty Earl,Tom Denton, Leah Lehmon, JoeCoyle, Vale Gregory Ace Wingfield,Geane Dwight, Jimmy Floral,Dorthy St. Clair, Bill Barbee.20-CLEAN CUT MOVIE VAMP CAPERING CHORISTERSPrices-$1 .50, $ 1 .OO, 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c.W&;IPnrrnpjjjiTHIS "WEBegins the Second Week of Our Famous Money SavingFACTORY CLEARING SALEGreat was the saving to the crowds of eagerbuyers first to attend this great bargain event, andsavings just as great will be made in the comingdays of the big sale.Be sure to get your share of the great shoevalues THIS WEEK! Thousands of pairsof this season's style footwear go in this sale atcut prices. Every pair marked, down at a H-Saving of 20, 30 and 4047?C 7?K?KISCA7CTlLadies9 Shoes at Sales Prices$7.50 and $8.00 grades ladies' beautiful brownand black Kid Boots, English style, highheel, all leather tops ite lttReduced to $549$7.50 and $8,00 grades ladies' new styleBoots, high heels, Twotone styles, glazedk d English and high heel boots -Reduced to $4.95I Big lot of Ladies' Kid Shoes, warm lined, low heels, oj tip and plain toe, $3.00 grades, reduced to Jpl;Big lot Ladies' $6.00 brownTTinrrlioVi VirrV KoalBoots reduced to . . $3.99Big lot Ladies $4.50 and $5.00Lace Boots, cloth ttotops, reduced to ... . $2.99Big lot Ladies' $5 and S'Ghigh grade Lace ABoots, in gray, at $3.45Men's Shoes at Sale PriesMen's Tail English- Shoes, wide toe, tail andgun metal, values to $8.50. tte 00Reduced to V .... I $5.99Men's High Grad6 ' Shoes; values ' Amto $7.50, reduced.to -. ..$4.95Men's Work Shoes, tan and black, eo oa$4.50 grades, reduced to $299Misses' Shoes$4.00 Gun Metal Boots, now $2,99$3.50 Misses' Gun Metal Shoes at..$,24Children's $1.50 Kid Shpes now. . $1.00Ladies' Cloth Buckie Arctic A AOvershoes, $1.50 values aow...MWMlDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy RcijnIikilIPARIS; KY.j2:0