"SCt v-4iI' ar,-.-THENEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1920A77 - A sr: jrBOURBONiiFEDERAL INCOME TAX SEASONv"w v a''Q',The Federal Income Tax seasonopens to-day, with the distribution !of the forms for personal returns!from the offices of Collector of In-ternal Revenue Elwood Hamilton, in jLexington.From now until the bell rings onthe night of March 15, the annual;returns covering income from 1919will be figured out and filed by citi-zens and residents, together withtroiinn is lnid hv lnw smiarelv nnru.w j .. .,- -., .the shoulders of those who areAmerican citizens or residents. Ev-ery person must determine for him- Jelf whether his net income for1919, figured according to the Rev-IsoldVllUV IJUli) IIUO CUlUVibUL 1.1 UltlUUlll.to require a return.If he is single, a leturn is re-Anna T .o t- irQe cm H-i m -rt r in nwrmn fquircd if his net incQine for 1919vas ?i,uuu or over, jv wmow orwidower is classgd as a single person. A man or woman livingapart from his wife or husband isalso classed as a single person.If he was married and living withhis wife on December 31. a returnis leauired if his net incqme for1919 was 2,000 or over. In his netincome he must include that of hiswife and minor children, if any.If a tax is due on his income, hemust make payment with his return.This payment may be jmade inwhole or in part of the tax due. AtlerJ-t one-quarter of the tax must accompany the return.The filing and paying must bedone before midnight of March 15,or he is classed as a delinquent andis subject to severe penalties.Twc forms are "being distributedfor personal returns. Form 1040 Ais intended for use by a personwhose net income does not exceed5,000. A larger forpi. 1040, is intnded for each person having a netincome in excess of $5,000. Bothof these forms are now rbtainableat Internal Revenue offices and atsome banks and postofficeb.It is urged by the Internal Revenue Bureau that ta. payers obtaintheir blanks at once. Failure tohave a blank foim at hand for aneleventh-hour return will not relieve a person of penalty foi failure ito comply with the law.Each form contains instructionsfor preparing and filing Hie return,and these should bo carefully readand strictly observed.There is aho' provided a "worksheet." which should be used forsnaking the original computations,and which should be retained andpreserved by the taxpayer. -Any person who is in doubt onpoints affecting his particular caseshould bring such matters ro the attention of the nearest Deputy Collector or Revenue Agent, who willrender every necessary aid withoutcharge.When the return iV. completed itshould be properly executed and immediately filed. Any Internal Rcv-KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRING .SHOWINGPolo Coats ;. .SuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de Chene... WaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaistsPlain andFRANK & CO.t LADIES' OUTFITTERSTOBACCO MARKETS9A stronger tone prevailed on theParis market Wednesday, with thelower grades predominating. Thesales for the day opened at the ParisHouse of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company, where a totalof 355,435 pounds of tobacco soldfor 125,836, a floor average otOC 4 9Tn'otrnn-n voj ,... i(i norii o f c ok ,j0i-jic avciahca laugcu nuiu oij.iJj,n,ui..u uit a- viWL vtjl u.tju uuunuaitold by Weil & Kerns, to 73.32,realized from the sale of a crop of9,925 pounds, sold by R. M. Gilkeyj & King- Bros. The highest basketfor ninety-nine cents a pound.At the conclusion of this sale thecene of activities shifted to theHouse No. 3 of the Independent.Warehouse CoTEACHERS FORM A STATE FEDERATION. A State Federation of the fortycounty teachers organizations inKentucky was formed at a meetingof representatives of" the various organizations held Monday ,morning atthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington.Charles D. Lewis, of Berea, was.-lected chief executive of the federation; Lee Kirkpatrick, superintendent of schools at Paris, vice-president,and Mrs. Mary Dawson, secretaiy and treasurer.The meeting was called some timeago by members of the KentuckyEducational Association, of whichthe federation will be the auxiliary.The association will handle the professional matters of the countyteachers and the federation theirbusiness matters. ,A legislative committee, composedof Charles D. Lewis, W. J. Chaplinger, of Maysville, and D. M. Humfleet, of Barbourville, was appointed, but the newly-formed federation will not attempt to procureany new legislation, the chairmanof the committee announced. It willsupport legislation presented in theinterests of the Kentucky Educational Association.... .!.iJ rA committee was PP"r ,r, 1draft a constitution for the federa-lr"B ... . .., t...tmanaeement. and there you aretionThis will oe passed upon u.v .ji.. i, ,-- f -ia no-v-t mnptinir nf !1 Illi llltlillUO .- in tin; i-iw. ...ww...a -- .rpT,rniiv.. to be held joint-yr.:.7X X vn imntlnnal!enue officer will administer the nee-espary oatn wit-nout cnarge. .It is pointed out that accuracy in ji;. !, rntiirn is absolutelycompiling me '.. ----- -necessary. MT'S iessr,es11lttn1:mates as to income and deductionsshould be avoided, and actualfacts and amounts should be setfmtii And thih i equally important in considering the question of jwhether a return is requneu. ...&Fancy Skirts-i mf -i v'A-cnniVtinT at Louisville. April ascension. utn Avenue ew im tfon of openinir the Sunday picture;rr Cly. in an article .cen"ypuuui-Jphowg -n paris .g bei considered, and-01' led under the caption of If Christ -Evening services will be held at rie. iSSlWent Tp'The Movies, said in part: . m Subject ..Tne Wonder- Miss"MOVIE FAN" WANTS TO KNOWABOUT "DEVIL'S WORKSHOP."Paris, &y., Feb'y 12.JMl. .BUUKBON NEWS:Please inform an anxious public,and especially a poor movie fan, ifyou will, what is the difference between the two forms of entertainment a movie picture show on Sunday afternoon and a Chautauqua band concert on the sameSwi frm nf mrTTont3 JSJ'LT111!afternoon? I have attended and en-"W cv- "'""J wn i.v,j. feivman( the Chautauqua vaudeville was,,.j.j nj i, ..v,i , j . ,cuuuiscu aim tue puuuu abKeu ujsome of the preachers to buy seasontickets, and attend these elevatingperformances. The "Kilties" hadon short skirts, and exhibited theiri bare legs, covered with hair to theknees. What is the difference, Iwould like to know?A MOVIE FAN.We are not an authority on theabove subjects and dare not commitourselves for fear of being made asubject for the tortures of the hereafter for expressing a liberal opinion. But we quote below a few passages from a local minister's sermon,which appeared in the LexingtonHerald on Wednesday:"A picture show is the devil'swork shop." "The picture show isdestructive of our best womanhoodand of the Christian influence.""The trouble is that man is tryingto fashion a Sabbath day to suit hisown likes and fancies, and to gratify his own pleasures, both measured in dollars." "Right here in ourown town of Paris pictures weredisplayed in front of a moving picture house too indecent and vulgarto be exhibited in a red light district." "No man or woman who attends church twice on the 'Lord'sDay can conscientiously go to amoving picture show on the sameday. I question their religious convictions." "The moving pictureshow is breeding a constantly in-creasing cause ior uivorce, anu uiocourts are burdened with the pleasof husband and wife for separation.""Our young girls wear dresseswithout necks, and where did thetaste come from? From the screenartists." "Advocates will tell youpictures could be censored, but thecensor is usually paid by the picture"" . .. - vm. rp .,- .! tn nil of thove' "l- ., 2L ""Tl !Dr. Percy StlCkneyGrant, Rector or tne unurca -"cCanest form of entertainment.They are wen censored, ann morai-ity aild right prevail. . . .Pen and:,.c nr nut Thftwuiu ivuwica jr....e 7 "movies are supplanting them. Pict-J "The. movies of to-aa are our , . , , r Tncic- cnmo nr diures are tue buyicmc s ' "x" day School classes are having a con,i nnn 5P "RHiicat ion bv means . . . . .i..i. i v:of visual impressions is of the firstimportance Motion pictures combine amUsement, entertainment andeducation. Pictorial education is ore1rcme value. it estaonsnes aouickening of theimaginationThese pictures put us in contactv.ilh new scenes, give us new ideas,make us better acquainted with newnprnnn.lities and belong in God schurch as well as in the theatrej would rather have boys and girlsro to the movies than to sit at homej twirling their thumbs in a corner,imagining discordant, unruly, aDnormal thoughts and brooding overbudding and badly understood sexideas. The movies furnish a clarification of youthful home-bred fan-cies....My niena, leveitmu !'-iett, a brilliant-minded author, sug -j lett, a DrmiaiiL-nunueu ui", oUtozested some years ago that the NewiYork churches provide free moving'picture entertainments. Money was'Hibscribed to carry out this plan,Ueveral picture producers becamephilanthropicslly interested, andevenings were devoted to delightfuljl.rogrpjms in many churches, thei pictures being carefully selected.."Ttfnw. dear. "Movie Jb'an, we winmst lit you 'draw your own conclu-sions m regai a to uie muvica.vou want to continue as a workerin "The Devil's Workshop," go toit. Don't consult your own intelli-j i it ..,.;,-vi-. tfgence. Better take tne minister sadvice. We understand that thechances for Sunday movies forIPr.ris are very slim, in fact, themanagement of the local theatreshas not asked to open here. Someliberal-minded fellow (merely suggested one day that it would be anice tiling ioi me wuihiubiii, -- - , , it flirHiei-keep him from spending W"Khrf mi "e to protestat the Sunday snows n V8"6What's all the racket about anyway?WHERE TO GET THE .LEXINGTON LEADER.I Go to Tom Longo's fruit stand orFrank Bui ton's Ice Cream .Parlor'and get a copy of the X-exmgtoni Loader if you miss one of my carriers.Don't, fail to read The Leader.j J lours oi arrival, o:j.o y. m. uuhub. m s i r . - t" . i4tMlithe week, and 8:15 a. m. Sundaymorning.(It) HARRY OGLE, Agent.oFire. Wind and Lightning1 Insurance.1 Thomas, Woodford & BryanWITH OUR APOLOGIES.With an unusually large amountof epace devoted to public sales andother classes of advertisements THEXEWS is crowded until the spaceusually allotted to news features isVery much restricted. We ask theindulgence of our readers until theclose of the public sale and clearance sale season oners wme reuei.RELIGIOUS.' Dr. A. H. Keller, City HealthRev. H. a, Grear, 'pastor, Will 0fficer. and the physicians of thepreacn at the Paris Methodist j c?unly' report the influenza situachurch Sunday morning on the sub- 1ion in this city and county as beject of "The Version of Isaiah." At i ing tetter. It is true there havethe evening service his subject will j fceen a number of cases, most ofbe- "Sqrae Gerat Conversion Re- wnfch are now on the road to recorded in The Bible." The church cvery, but there is nothing whatis preparing for an evangelistic ever in The lQcal situation to causecftmpaign. These sermons will be the slightest alarm,advance thoughts of the movement. In a number of cases the diagno-At a meeting of the congrega- sis proved the patient to have meretion of. the Presbyterian church, jJy a "bad cold," the "influenza" notheld Sunday evening, the following being present. Imagination hasresolutions disapproving of Sunday Ianernoon opening of the movie the-atres, were adopted:"Whereas, there seems to be amovepnent on foot to open the moving picture shows in Paris on SunHlay, thereby profaning God's dayjuacing our town in ill repute, and;whereas, one piofessedly Christianperson has been quoted as being infavor of the move, and the intima-tion that this is the attitude of themajority of Christians, we, the people assembled at the regular churchsen ices of the First PresbyterianChurch, Sunday evening, Februaryo, iyzu, ao nereDy express ourhearty disapproval of the proposed'Sunday Movies,' and that our disapproval may be made known to all,lequcst,"First, That the officers of thischurch sign his protest as our rep-Iresentatives, and"Second, That this protest be pub-lished in the local papers."THEO. SMYLIE, Pastor.",PHILATHEA CLUB PROTESTS.The Philathea Class of the Bap-tist church wishes to add its protestagainst the opening on Sunday ofthe picture shows. The class repre-Jsents fifty Christian women, many!many and paraded with them inj of tnem pothers, who are deeply interested. in the uplift of our city.MRS. W. O. HINTON. Leader.MRS. G. M. THOMPSON, Pres.MRS. HOMER KISER, Vice-Pres.CHRTSTTAN CHURCHRev. W. E. Ellis will preachSunday morning at 10:45, on thesubject: "Is the World GrowingBetter?" This is a question oforrnat nnrt wrn n n A Trml1 1lP OTIP tkfj j f t pvprvnnn nsnpp.inllv atrvi -v. r.t Hifli""v""v vw w, .. .-, -4.r j .; at the nresent time, when the ques-the sir eJt aml mo;t forceful ser-mon ever lieard in Paris are being, delivered bv Uev. w. E. Ellis, at theuellv.eieu "- .lvc- -uveninE" services.j TheBSen5or Boys ail(1 Girls Sun-test to increase their membersnipand church attendance. The contest will end in about four to sixweeks, at which tinie the losingclasses will serve the winners with abanquet.BAPTIST CHURCH.j QllTw1nv Sf.honi at 9:30 a. m.:j junior and Senior at6-00 p. m.; preaching at 11:00 a.m., subject, "A Castaway;" eveningsubject, "Simon In The Sifter."! At a recent meeting of the congregation of the Paris Baptistchurch, the following resolutionsprotesting the suggested opening ofthe moving picture theatres in thiscity, were adopted:Inasmuch as the management ofthe moving picture shows of Pans: ip feeling out after public opinionof the city concerning tne openingof the shows on the Sabbath day,i:nd, Inasmuch as such openingwnnld he a violent desecration of'the Fourth Commandment of theI Cod, we serve, and. Inasmuch asLsr.ch would lower J' spirituality ofoui city, affecting our famines, ourhcynes, our community and the public in general, and, lnasmucn as tnej shows now being operated are stoopa i l . .- n r 1 rxnrl 111 rtOCLTting to uispniy imiuuun -wpictures, and, Inasmuch as such ispoisoning the minds and morals ofour youth, therefore.Bj it Resolved. By the members ofthe First Baptist church of Paris,Ky.. in regular session assembled-.iiit wo rin hereby express our unan-I. . -j l.nU ilicnnnvnvnl nf PSlin-day opening of moving picturethmv.c anri nf anv and all efforts toward opening the same on the Sab-jabovehntn aav ior wie cdauuo"inst the Picture appealing to the, uganw .the Pturc ipsual and the base. And be- it fur-i w ri iij-iiiic j m- -- riherTB,,nA Tii nt -wp ask lor a 4cleaner and higher moral , tone ofpictures than the ones that are nowbeing shown in the Grand OperaHouse and the Alamo.(Signed) sARTHUR FOX, Pastor. JCHAS. GREEN, Church Cleik. jPRESBYTERIAN CHURCH SER-VICES.Sunday. February- 15. 1920.Sunday School 9:30 a. m., Owen jL. Davis, Superintendent. . ..Christian Endeavor; 6:30 p. m." Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:30p. nx. " :The subject of the pnorning ser-vice is, "Stirring Up a New- Rebel- 'rlion No. 2." . mThe evening service is especially .in honor of the Bourbon Post of theAmerican Legion. Every serviceman in the county will receive aspecial invitation to this service.Special seats will be reserved forthem. A cordial welcome is extended to all to attend. The pastor inini UUUlVll WttO JHJ1JLUGJ Cfc UUUJ'lum.I in tne army serving iour.eeu muuiusHEALTH AUTHORITIES SAY INFLUENZA SITUATIONBETTER.heen working on many, the physi-cians state, and has almost run'rway with them. Every precautionl known to medical science is beingtaken to safeguard the health of thecommunity, and it is a safe proposition 'that the influenza epidemics ofthe past will not be repeated here,at least on so large a scale. Newmethods of fighting the disease, andmore comprehensive understand-j ing of its workings, together with astrict compliance with sanitarylaAvs, has put the disease where itcan be readily handledThe health authorities insistupon me greatest importance Demgpaid to diet, and all sanitary regulations, and that on the first appearance of a cold the patient should 'pnand, the ranks parted and theseek nnedical aid. Promiscous ex- prisoner and his three guards steppectoration on the streets, and in red into the breach thus made. Itpublic places tends to spread anykind of disease, and the physicians procession moved down the stepsinsist upon a strict observance of 'and out the front door. The proces- -the anti-spitting ordinances. sion quickly filed across the courtm 'house square to Upper street andi i down to Water street, where ajover seas Part of the time '-special troop train waited. At 9spent wIh the 78th Division and o'clock the train slowly left thepart with the lst Division. He re-I J"??, and ben lts 3 to Ed-turned with this, the last of Uncle ; dyville'Sam.R divisions tn return frrvm r..rJ 'Xew York and in Washington. Hissubject is: "75,000 Dead TheirMessage To Us." The program is asfollows:Organ Prelude.Hymn Onward ChristianSol-jHm-s.Invocation. .Hymn Jerusalem the Golden.Scripture Reading.Prayer.Announcements For Church; foriBourbon County Post.oycuini muoiu xnc uy as JTmuFitnTMrrSason.1. ..- Cnn1,'l,-,. - !-.,T?lrrn TTHT AVr P.hnrlpc "Mftih-'Sermon "75,000 Dead TheirMessage To Us," Rev. T. S. Smy -lieHymn "The Battle Hymn of theRepublic'Benediction."Now the Day Is Over" (Whilechoir sings, audience stand withbowed heads.)Organ Postlude.SWE KNOW HWHere's a Boy's GarmentThat's ReallyG UARANTMEDThe Guarantee Tag locked with aleaden seal on every "LEATHER1ZED"suit says: "Satisfaction or your moneyis yours againt"xJLeathenzedGUARANTEED SUITS FOR BOYSLined at elbows, pockets, seats andknees with fine, soft, real leather. Fabrics all wool, patterns nifty, stylessnappy and tailoring the best. Idealfor school wear. Sizes 6 to 18 years.And Nowhere Else in Town.Let Us Show You TO-DAY!MITCHELL &--LOCKETT TAKEN TO EDDYmLE; LEXINGTON QUIETWill Lockett, convicted murderer .of Geneva Ilardman, who is to paythe death penalty for his crime onMarch 11, is confined in a death cellin the Eddyville penitentiary.His removal from Lexington tookplace Tuesday night shortly before9 o'clock.No excitement was occasioned bythe departure of Lockett. The au- -thoritiesguarded their movepientswith the utmost caution. Very fewpersons knew until hours afterward that the prisoner was nolonger in the court house and bythat time the train bearing the prisoner and his guard was speeding toward Eddyville.Shortly before 8:30 o'clock General Francis Marshall, military governor of Lexington, began activepreparations for the removal of thecondemned man. A specially selected guard was lined up on the secondfloor of the court house. The packsand equipment of the men examined.At the word from General Marshall,Sheriff Waller Rodes, Deputy Sher-; iff Malcolm Brown and Deputy Wal-ler Marshall led the prisoner fromhis cell on the third floor of thecourt house. Handcuffed and withhead down, Lockett came down thesteps to where the guard of armedmen waited. At a low voiced com-.was then impnediately closed and thef TO MY FRIENDS AND PATRONSOF LEXINGTON LEADER,You can get a copy of the paperj every evning after arrival of 5:15Interurban car and on Sunday morning, arrival 8:15 a. m. At Tom,jLongo's Fruit Stand and FrankBurton's Ice Creajm Parlor.(It) HARRY, OGLE, Agent.RAILROAD MEN MEETo'Lovely Company No. 34, Uniformv vnitc nf Prfhks wnc. nnRt-. ..".. -i-.s,". wi. . j w..w., ..- t -P-d Wodnesda, -iKht to another! tlH3.The K. of P.'s graciously ten-jdered the use of their lodge room tothe L. N. -ailroad section menlwno nci" an PrLanL uusmt,meeting to consider vital topics.'An interesting feature of the meet-! intr was the address delivered DyMr. C. W. Carroll, a prominent: member of the order, who spoke ofv age conditions, and other topics ofpreat interest to the men. Anotheri meeting will be held next week.?vBLAKEMORE"sij1VVd.." :-vPAGE TWO. 4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13 1920.:$laI&HiIIfIFor Sale PrivatelyI otter for sale at a bargain, pri--araltty,tue following:JSjaerican Universal WoodworkingMachine, 2-power Boring Machine,dig Cut-off Saw, Barn BuildingolSt complete, 1 concrete BlockJMackine and all necessary equip-Tkl machinery is in good work--smgorder and can be seen in my:skDs at Millersburg.E. T. SHEELER,CfrniD. Phone 176 (M'burg ex.)55aa30-tf) Millersburg, Ky.THKUTOGRAM'! ' Teach economy. That is one of' the first and highest virtues. It bejgins with saving money. AbrahamLincoln.5For SaleA Duroe Jersey male hog; rcgis--IctdLApply ton-t) F. B. THOMAS.Auto Repair ShopTuvs and Tubes repaired, lletreciling, Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.fct-Gmo) Cumb. Phone S91.For Sale1 Oakland 5-passenger touringcar;1 Buick roadster;1 White truck.These machines are in good running order. Good tires. Well worthyour money.E. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 176 Millersburg, Ky.(jan30-tf)T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Sgcck, Personal Property.3tos 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetovn, Ky.mtMf ) )LiveLockPublic Renting!We, as agents, will rent at thecouit house door,j Wednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,at 2:30 p. m., the 67 acres of landfor Mrs. Emma Isgrigg Jacoby, located on the Ruddles Mills pike,about 1 mile from Paris .Improvements consist of a 4-roomtenant house, stable and other outbuildings. The land is as follows:47 acres to be cultivated in corn, Gacres to be cultivated in tobacco, thebalance in grass. For further information, apply to the undersigned. HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents(C-4t) Paris, Ky.a lSi&'f yH-V- , V 4BPJCL i JSrVyi'-' &.&''.'!U.vtl'Z&tormf . : jw&M iiw-a '-vsSkak .mms Ti i r "m T-Tfii v-r"' t r ,-itim"- i r--ar-a-' t s r- r ur'aimmm- avb r i i n i mi t iin i i i w i n : bft -hiHk- QCljPfcESlyw'SiSjflP ? tBt ft x - vPUBLIC SALEOF7-Room House in Millersburg, Ky.The owner liaving decided to move to Paris, we will sell at publicsection,Tuesday, Feb. 17, at 2:30 p. m.,b& fiouse of J. H. Collier, situated directly opposite the entrance to thebeautiful grounds of the Millersburg Military Institute.The lot has a frontage of 66 feet and runs back to a depth of apIKiximately 400 feet, and has on it a 7-room house with two halls.lth, pantry, large front porch, back porch inclosed with glass, front3d back stairway and two large basement rooms.The house has complete bath and kitchen sink, the plumbing neverjryczing in the most extreme weather, and has pipeless furnace whichSalts: the entire house.There is also on the lot two garages, 1 large stable, meat house3d kitchen house, also excellent cistern.The buildings are all in splendid repair," and the property must beseem to be appreciated.Ibr further information see Mr. Collier on the premises or call usxt ovr office.TERMS Liberal. HARRIS & SPEAKES.Home Phone 394; Cumberland 450.The Blue Grass Realty Co.Office Broadway, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES No. 224 PARIS, KENTUCKYNo. 1No. 2No. 3rNo. 4No, 5No. 6No. 7No. 8No. 9No. 10-4-room house on Vine Street $2,000.006-room house on Vine Street 3,500:00.8-room house on Cypress Street 5,000.007-room house on Cypress Screet. . . : 7,250.006-room house d'n Seventh Street.'. 7,250.007-room brick on High Street ; 10,000.006-room brick on Mam Srreet 3,500.004-room brick on Nineteenth Street 2,25.008-room brick on Pleasant Street 4,500.00-6-room brick on High .-Street 5,500.00We Have Other City PropertyI Also a Nice List of Farms from 10 to 400 AcresWe would be glad to call for you and show you anyproperty we have listed. SeeB. T. BISHOP or J. H. FLORAWAR HERO GETSBACK OLD VIGORStarts Each Day Filled WithEnergy Since TakingVola-TonicHelp WantedHallway Mail Clerks $110 permonth. Age 18 to 35. Experienceunnecessary. Free particulars examinations, write J. Leonard, (former Government Examiner), 935Ikiuitable Buildin.u. Washineton.D. C. (10-3t)"I start e.idi day filled with newvisor and energy since I Lave beentaking Vola-Tonic," said Irvin V. Taylor, 1110 Yorkstreet, Newport, Ky.Mr. Taylor isa former regular army .soldier and servedduring t li eWorld War. Ilois shown herein uniform."My healthwas very poorbefore 1 toolcVola-Tonic. Mynerves were outof order andmy stoma c iitroubled me."I just had towear myselfout before Icould get sleepat mgnt an.! 1RV1N JAYLOR.even then my sleep didn't do me angood. I got up feeling dull and listless and cross". ,"Indigestion troubled me badly andI had constipation to such an extentthat I suffered from bur&ting headaches. ."Remarkable as it may sound, VolaTonic relieved my indigestion almosiat once. The constipation is gone alsoand those bursting headaches have disappeared. "I sleep soundly every night now,too, and it is the kind of sleep andrest (hat refreshes a person."Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength," isthe medicine that ha? created such asensation at Cincinnati. It is a wonderful strength-builder and helpsall over.oia-iofucBillLDER or STRENGTH1 Special AgentVarden & Son, DruggistsDOLLARS AND CENTSCounting it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man jmay not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better if he did.It takes about ten days to get completely rid of a cold under the usualtreatment. T-hat time can be muchshortened by taking Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and proper care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thisremedy in the house is u mightygood investjment during the winterand spring months.(feb-adv)Public SaleLivestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc.We will sell at public auction, tothe highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke .& Brent farm,on tlie Jackstown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m., rain or shine, onWednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,the following described property:One work and driving horse, 7-y ears-old;One work and driving: horse, fi-3 ears-old;One work and driving horse, 7-ycars-old;One cojmbined mare, 7-years-old;One weanling mule colt;Two No. 1 cows, to be fresh onday of sale;One good red yearling heifer;One nice young sow;One new Webber wagon withcombination frame;One new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment; -One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, withtruck and three-horse hitch;One cutting harrow, with two-L-oisehitch;One Bern is tobacco setter, in goodcondition;One good Deering mower;Two steel beam breaking plows,good as new;'One new -Rastus three-shovelplow:-One good five-shovel plow;One good' two-shovel plow;One good Moyer road wagon;One top buggy, srood as new:Two sets of good buggy, harness;Four sets of good farm .harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stackand in barn, and fodder in field;One Improved Cream Separator,good as new, 600 pounds capaoity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture;Lot of hoes, rakes, shovels andether implements useful on .theTarm.TERMS Made known on day ofKiloREDMON & McDTJFFY.MF. IvENNEY, Auctioneer.('6-4tWANTEDYoung lady wcashier-bookkeeper.Address, in own handwriting, stating salary wanted."BOOKKEEPER,"Care BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.(10-tf)Home For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstieet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back!150 feet.(6-tf) PAT COMACK.Clark County FarmTruck HaulingWe are now prepared to do allkinds of truck hauling. A specialtyof moving. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or sjmall. Day phone 780;Night call 1956.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf)CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and ready Ianswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.We will sell at Public Auction in front of the Court House door inWinchester, Ky., onThursday, Feburary 19th,At 2:30 O'clock p. m.the farm of M. W. Gay, of Mt. Sterling, of 117 acres, 32 miles fromWinchester on the Winchester and Mt. Sterling pike, in two tracts :TRACT NO. 1, of about 50 acres of unimproved land, andTRACT NO of about 67 acres, containing 5-room tenant house?nd a 12-acre tobacco barn. 20 acres of old blue grass sod and the remainder of the farm in a high state of cultivation. Lays well withsplendid building site. Well watered and fenced. Both tracts are idealmoney-makers. The sale will be positive and without reserve.HARRIS & SPEAKES,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, KentuckyI. D. HARRIS, Business ManagerCOL. GEORGE. D. SPEAKES. Auctioneer.(10-3t)(23dec-tf)S. R. HUDNALL.Office No. 6 Bank Row.PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK AND HOUSEHOLD FURNITUREPianos and. PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give pne a call, andbe convinced oftheir durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aspecialty.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 9 ISMain Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 57S,V'(13jany-tf)We will oifer at Public Auction,onFriday, February 20, 1920,on the premises located at the South end of Main street, at 10 :30 a. m.,15 fine Jersey cows and heifers, and one pure bred Jersey Bull; oneWork Horse; one Buggy Horse; one one-horse wagon; one deliverywagon, and 2 sets of harness: 1 Cream Separator; 100 hens; MilkBottles and Dairy Fixtures." Also a fine lot of new Household and Kitchen Furniture, includinga Coal Range, Gas Range and two Gas heaters.One old-fashioned square Piano; 2 Singer Sewing Machines; 1Living Room Suite; 1 Dining Room Suite; 2 large Rugs and severalemail ones; 2 Iron Beds; Refrigerator and Baby Buggy.Also many small articles, too numerous to mention.James and A.M. Peffer, Paris, Ky.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.10 Baby FarmsAt Auction Saturday, February 14thAT 1 :30 O'CLOCK P. M.On the premises, one mile from Paris, on the Clintonville pike, and known asthe Clarence Wright land, and is in old blue grass sod, and has been purchasedby Matt Lair and Stuart Haggard, who have laid the farm out in small tracts andwill be sold as offered and the purchasers will be sure to get what they buy.No. i has 4.621 acres, all in old sod.No. 2 has 4.751 acres all in old sod.No. 3 has 4.939 acres, all in old sod. 'No. 4 has 5 acres, all in old sod. ,.-No. 5 has 5.368 acres, all in old sod.No. 6 has 5.470 acres, all in old sod.No. 7 has 5.587 acres, all in old sod.No. 8 has 5.880 acres, all in old sod.No. 9 has 6.334 acres, nearly all in old sod.No. 10 has 6.940 acres, nearly all in old sod.Immediately after selling the 10 baby farms we will sell the 1 1th tract, whichcontains 45.890 acres and is in corn and wheat stubble and adjoins the above smalltracts. All of them face on the Clintonville pike. Each and every one has abeautiful house site. There is no use trying to explain to you just how much youcan make off one of these small farms. All we have to do is to say that this landhas been lying in old blue grass sod for several years andvyou can be the judge.Now we are going to sell the above tracts as follows: No. 1 will be sold firstand the purchaser of No. 1 will have the right to purchase No. 2 at the sameprice aspaid for No. 1, and this will prevail throughout the sale. This is done inorder that if one thinks he can handle more than one tract, naturally he wouldwant them together. We have subdivided in a way that every investor,no matterhow small, can avail himself of this rare opportunity to own a farm.The terms are 10 cash on day of sale, 23 on March 1st or before, andthe balance of two-thirds may be made in one and two years, deferred paymentsto bear interest at the rate of six per cent., with lien against the land, or the purchaser can pay all cash or as much above one-third as he desires.For further information, apply toMatt Lair and Stuart Haggard,Ownersor Harris & Speakes, Paris Realty Co. or Bishop & Flora, AgentsAny of the above will take pleasure in showing the property.GEORGE D. SPEAKES AND'O. H. WYKOFF, AuctioneersDon't forget the day and date, Saturday, February 14th, at 1:30 p. m." Vm"WKSSa. V . .x TTNMiMNfil.- -.,..'-, Hf-V,. ;v-"1FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE THREEMHHiWmiF. WHEELERiBIGGER AND BETTERFEBRUARY AND MARco:sJEfALEBGIIMR149Bagesale.savehave our stock complete for our annual February and March Sale. With the short-goods we call ourselves lucky to get together the wonderful pieces in order to hold thisEverything marked in plain figures, everything reduced 20 per cent. Let us help you toBuy early and get what you want. We will deliver when you want them.1i 5 liliBBHlGa?p$ SA Dining Suite of CharmingQueen Anne DesignThis suite, of the charming Queen Anne period, b richly finished in either American Walnut or Mahogany. Suiteconsists of ten pieces.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALELiving Room SuiteOne 3-piece Mahogany, cane back, upholstered ingold and blue, with sunburst pillows. Priced regularly at$400.00, sale price $320.00. Others cheaper.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEA Well Arranged Suite InMahogany or WalnutYou will thoroughly enjoy the arrangement of this bedroom suite. The vanity dresser is a necessity for the toiletThe chifforobe is large an important feature. Dresserand bed are also good sized.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEROOM SIZEKitchen CabinetsOur warehouse of Kitchen Cabinetsto be distributed among the housewives of Paris and Bourbon countyduring our February and March Sale.$32 Kitchen Cabinet Sale price $23.7540 Kitchen Cabinet Sale price 32.0050 Kitchen Cabinet Sale price 40.0085 Kitchen Cabinet Sale price 68.00Coal RangesU W vi1RUGSRuGSSolid cast range with large reservoir,large "18" oven, regular price $125.Sale Price $989X12 Royal Wflto. Rug, $140.00,Sale Price9X12 Axmmister Rug, $85.00,Sale Price 19X12 Axminister Rug, $80.00,Sale Price9X12 Axmmister Rug, $60.00,Sale Price$1196865489X12 Axminister Rug, $55.00,Sale Price9X12 Brussels Rug, $50.00,Sale Price9X12 Brussels Rug, $45.00,Sale Price ..9X12 Brussels Rug, $30.00,Sale Price$45403620KB5iu :rfey off iIron and Brass BedsThe Simmon Steel Bed with largepost, regular price $18.00.Sale Price $14.50OIL COOK STOVELinoleum and Matting RugsSpecial prices on all floor covering in this big February and MarchSale. We are going to make this sale our biggest best sale of all sales.Let us show you how we can help you save.Detroit Vapor Oil Stove in manystyles, large oven. One like cut regular price $65.00.SALE PRICE S52Everything Marked in Plain Figures. 20 Per Cent. Saving to All&A. F. WHEELER & COMPANYParis, KentuckyCHAS GREEN, ManagerOpp. Court Housef -mmmmmmiaammmmmmtmimmmmt ., 1J.,." "".;,C .. ?-vitI ft'itiiwy'" page fourTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1920.a'iffMMATRIMONIAL.-Marriage licenses were grantedTuesday to the following parties byCounty Clerk Pearce Paton: HughB. Jones, 32, Fayette county, andMiss Caroline M. Huffaker, 20,Bourbon county; Durward Mason,33, and Miss Lula Thomas, 22, bothof Bourbon county; Claude Faulconer, 20, and Mrs. Mary Webb, widow, 18, both of near Paris.minister, Rev. A. C. Baird. Thebride was formerly Miss SallieHughes, of this city, a sister-in-law'of Charles W. lyothergill, of theKentuckian-Citizen. Mr. and Mrs.jShivel will reside at the" home of the'groom, who owns and operates afine farm m Rockcastle county.GRIFFITH CAMPBELL.Miss Margaret Griffith, daughter of the late J. K. Griffith, ofHarrison county, and a niece ofMrs. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris, wasmarried in Kansas City recently toRobt. James Campbell, of that city.The bride has frequently visited heraunt Tiere. Mr. and Mrs. Campbellwill be "at home" after February3 5, at 122 Hunter Avenue, KansasCity.THOMPSON SHIVEL.Mrs. Sallie Thompson, of CrabOrchard, and Philip Shivel, a prominent farmer of Rockcastle county,were married in Crab Orchard, recently, at the home of the officiatingTHOMAS MASON.Miss Lula Thomas and Mr. Durvard B. Mason, both of this county,obtained a marriage license hereTuesday afternoon, and were married shortly afterward at the home ofI the officiating minister, Rev. W. E.j Ellis, pastor of the Paris ChristianI church. They were accompaniedJ by Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Brannock.The bride has for the past two3 ears been a member of the operating forces in the office of the HomeTelephone Company, and was verypopular among the employes andpatrons of the company, by whomthe will , be greatly missed. Mr.Mason is an industrious youngfarjmer. Both have a large circle offriends and acquaintances who unitein wishing them a long and prosperous married life.SOUTHGATE HOWARD.News was received in this city'Tuesday by relatives and friendsof the marriage in Los Angeles,1 ' $1 - k1 X hat Popularm i.UCali., Saturday, of, Mr. J. Uli Howard, well-known Covington attorney, and Mrs. Alice Southgate, ofNewport. The wedding took placeat the home of Mr. Howard Brown.There the bride had been visiting.Mr. and Mrs. Howard will be athome in Covington to the'ir friendson and after the first of March.This is the groom's second marriage, his first wife having beenMiss Carrie Alexander, duaghter otMrs. Belle Alexander, of this city,whose death occurred in Covingtonever a year ago. Mr. Howard isone of the best-known attorneyb inHie State, and has a host of friendsin this city who wish him and hisbride a long and happy marriedlife. His bride has been prominentin the social life of Newport and isa handsome and charming woman.The following beautifully-engravedannouncement cards have beenissued:Mrs. Florence S. Brownannounces the marriage of herdaughter,Aileen! toMr. Ulie J. HowardSaturday, February the seventh,nineteen hundred and twentyLos Angeles California.At HomeAfter March first,312 Garrard Street, ACovington, Kentucky.Pnklis Qota ! Salesman Wanted I Used Cars For Sale1 UUUL iJCtlC I Wanted at once, a eood stock 2U!-H0?e ?" 'u1nS-We, the undersigned agents forE. D. Rose, will sell hisY house andlot, located on Nineteenth andBient streets. tThis is a 2-story frame building,has 6 rooms, bath complete, electriclights and gas. Concrete walks andshade trees, nice front lawn andsplendid garden.This property will be sold at public auction, Monday, February 23,at 2:30 p. m., on the premises.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(13-3t) Paris, Ky.alesman $50 per week or commission. Prefer to have man with car.DUST KETCIIER MFG. CO.,(13-3t) Lexington, Ky.FOR RENTDesk room, with use of two tele-Jphones, light and heat for desirableparty, at our place of business on 'Main street. Well located and very ;desirable. ?LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER. jBuick Model 1917, touring..Buick Model 1918, touring.Overland Model 1918, touring.Dodge Model 1919, touring. .Ford Model 1919, touring.Hupmobile Model 1916, touring.Franklin Model 1915, touring.Overland Model 1919, roadster.There cars are in excellent running cordition and have been placed in our -hands, priced for quicksale.T HE McDONALD-GIBSON CO.Citizens' Garage, opposite WindsorHotel. Both Phones 294.i.atrixik:-so much usednowadays in placeof coffeelTS A TTHFBUY EARLY.Attend our Febiuary and Muieh iCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oSHERIFF'S SETTLEMENTThe sum of $120,000 representing the tax collections of Bourboncounty for the year just passed,was paid over to the Auditor ofState, at Frankfort, Wednesday, byDeputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall. TheSheriff's office received a quietusfor the settlement. Mr. Marshallreturned to Paris, Wednesday night."He says I'm a good skate"ChesterfieldA REAL pal that's Chesterfield. Lookat its record. Three million smokersless than five years on the market! Twowords explain it "They Satisfy JOur expert buyers in the Orient select forChesterfields only the finest grade of thefour choicest varieties of Turkish tobacco.To these are added the best of mild butfull-bodied Domestic leaf.But, in the end, it's the blend that makesChesterfields "satisfy" And the blend ourprivate iormula cannot be copied.Extra wrapper of moisture-proofpaper seals in the flavor.TSuke-uINTERESTING OIL NOTESSold at the samefair price as always. No raise,M Grocers everjrwheiMade bvPosnum Cereal "CompanyBattle Creels. MichiganA message to the Little BanjoOil Company, of this city, from thefield force, yesterday, s-tated thatihe drill had penetrated two hundred feet in the well now beingdrilled on the Peters lease, in Leecounty. The message stated thatthe well was expected to be "broughtin" next week.o -ONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions of 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomfor Spring goods.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.(febl3-4t)KMHVWfflRBB Hhu k,-iBBB- BBBBHIBWbbb KSMKtmtKBttKFWuIMmOpera House Monday, Feb. 16RETURN ENGAGEMENTof the SMASHING MUSICAL REVUE HIT OF THE SEASONI BFrivol it i001920ENTIRE STE!eiKtSB VNrawsPROGRAMJAZZBAND. andOrchestrajER?SpM' "V ,. jHHHBSBBBBKBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBHHaMaR& llfflW""ffllBTOBBBB (.''''BbiBBBBBBPBJoKBBBBBBBSjSyivfivAv8BBB MaijHBWWtffiMSflB58PEOPLENewSoii HitsiBILLY CLARK AND RUTH GOODWIN IN BRAND NEW STUFF; Larger Chorus and Several New Principals A Riot of Fun, Color, Music and Beautiful GirlsSeats Now On Sale al the Box Office Buy Seats Now Standing Room Only Last Time' - Prices 50 Cents cto $1.50, plus War Tax.-j,l&--TRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1920..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, .KENTUCKYPAGE FIVEj r,Tr", ""rri 1 1,I U"-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.;; Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ONE LIFE !S WORTH $1,000.If we only save two to thecommunity, the $2,000 we askis well spent. Let the solicitorshave your subscription now.COME EAELYGoods are very scarce. Attendour Cash February and March -Saletarly. Our sale is a real sale 20off regular prices. Can you get thisany place else?THE J. T. HINTON CO.oIN SPEAKERrS CHAIR.At Frankfort, Tuesday, Representative James H. Thompson, of Bourbon county, Democratic floor leader,occupied the Speaker's chair at theafternoon session, while three important legislative measures werebeing considered and passed.oSALE OF LIVE STOCK. ETC.Auctioneer Oeorge D. Speakesmakes the following report of thesale of livestock, etc.. belonging toAlbert Snapp, which lie conductedon the premises near this cityHorses brought from $10 to $200 ahead; cows, from $75 to ?110 ahead; 65-pound shoats, 14 centsa pounds; chickens, $1.00 each;turkey hens, $6.00 to $7.00 each;barrel.Phil. Nippert was in Cincinnati on a business trip Wednesday.Mr. Milt Dean, of Lexington,was the guest yesterday of Mr. PhilNippert.trTMr- anl rs. "E. M. Dickson leftWednesday for a recreation trip toHavana, Cuba.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell willleave to-morrow morning for a shortstay In Florida.Mrs. Durand Whipple has returned from a visit to Mrs. JohnRodman, in Frankfort.Mrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft hasreturned frojin a visit to her sonLieut. Davis Hutchcraft, at Tampa!Florida.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, of Corbin,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Wm.Remington, and Mr. Remington attheir home on Eighth streer.Mrs. Denis Dundon will be'hostess this afternoon at her homeon Houston Avenue, to the jmembersof the Friday Bridge Club.George "Torcjmy" Frakcs, 'nowa member of the First M. P. Company, at Camp Zachary Taylor, isi spending a five-days' furlcme-li inParis as a guest of relative.-.George Rassenfoss, Jr.. of Parisnow residing in Mt. Sterling, was avisitor in Paris, Wednesday night.He was en route to Pensacola, Oklahoma, on a business mission.OYNTHEANA HIGH LOSESPARIS HIGH QUINTET.TOPAY DAY POE TEACHERSMr. Harry Mitchell is able tobe out after an attack of influenzaMrs. Mitchell and son. Jack, andMiss Nellie Mitchell, remain ill ofthe same disease, but are improving.Mr. George Schwartz, of Purcell, Oklahoma, was the guest Wednesday and yesterday of Mr. andMrs. Gus. Margolen. Mr. Schwartzmarried Miss Esther Margolen, ofParis.(Ml fl.rl ! Hnrvnll 1 aai n-nn 1-. ITko jiw. n-T -fhn TJAiivlimi nnttntr ... wv -... u"-1-1 I u"- "i. I-XIO IA v,o.VT..iiO Ul cue iJUUiU"" WU1UJ DPSt-KnnWIl nnri mnef nrnminf"?, .T15iheir TC'S ,'? An the county, celebrated hiseignty-nfth birthday Wednesday, atcalling to-cnorrow at the office ofCounty Superintendent of Schools J.B. Caywood, in the court house.The regular meeting of the Teachers' Reading Circle will be held atten o'clock to-morrow morning, siithe office of Superintendent Caywood. An interesting program hasbeen, prepared, and a full attendance of the teachers is expected.ICE FACTORY UNDERGOING EXTENSIVE REPAIRS.Beginning Monday, a large forceof expert mechanics will start tomaking all necessary repairs at therla-nt of the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co. The manager, Mr. PhilNippert, tells us that there will beplenty of ice for ail consumers thisspring and sucpaer. There is plenty of water with the new dam in andthat there should be no excuse oralarm over ice for the coming season.A REAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.Maysville pike,BEST GRADES TOBACCO COTTON.Tobacco cotton, all grades, whileit lasts, at Feld's Department Store.(30-tf)ONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Untilthe 1st of March we aremaking reductions cf 25$, onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order tomake room for Spring goods.E. M. WHEELERRobneel Building(febl3-4t)oRECRUITING OFFICERS NOW INCOURT HOUSE.Capt. R. E. S. Williamson, and hisdetail of seven sergeants, in the cavalnr branch of the U. S. Army, haveopened a recruiting office in thegrand jury room in the court house.Their -hours will be from 10:00 to12:00 a, pn., 4:00 to 6:00 p. m. and7:00 to 10:00 p. m., when theyAvill confer with anyone betweenthe ages of eighteen and forty, whomay desire to enlist in the service.Capt. Williamson says: "Tell theyoung men. of Paris now is the timeto enlist in the "Honorable First,"and to call at our office between thehours mentioned. We will be gladto explain what the United Statesarmy is offering. Come and see uswhether you care to enlist or not.We want to talk to you."-oSPECIAL SERMON TO MEMBERSOF LEGION.All the ex-service men of Bourboncounty are cardially invited and expected to attend the services at thePresbyterian church in this citySunday evening. The pastor, Rev.T. S. Smylie, will preach a specialsermon to the ex-service men, in theinterest of and under the auspices ofBourbon Post No. 30, of the American Legion.During the world-war, Kev.Smylie rendered distinguished service in tfce capacity of army chaplain, and, in the performance of hisduties as such, had a varied experience of interesting character. Hismessage will be one of decided inter-est to every sanor, sumici rrine who served his country duringthe fearful struggle. Every one whocan come should attend this service.Mhich can not fail to' be both instructive and entertaining. Thepublic is cordially invited to attendthis service. . .,In tne intensive membershipcampaign being conducted by theLexington Posfr of American Legion,three former ex-Bourbon countyboys' who were in the servicein?ra the Post. They were Jakie'Saloshin. Edward CaywoodJeste B.. Lovely.Ihis home on thenear "this city.Wallace W. Mitchell and JohnW. Yerkes, of the Farmers & Traders Bank, are confined to theirhomes suffering from grippe. Theirplaces are being filled at the bankby Letcher Weathers and Owen' L.Davis.Dr. James T. Ware, of Rapidan,Va., has been a guest for severaldays of his mother, Mrs. Alice Ware,in this city, and of friends and relatives in Cynthiana. Mrs. Ware hasbeen visiting her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. H. Craig, in Cynthiana.Dr. Ware is prospering in his Virginia home, where he owns a largedairy, shipping large quantities offresrh milk daily to Washington, D.C. His son, William Ware, is attending the (military school at PortRoyal, Virginia.Winchester Democrat: "Mr.and Mrs. Rufus Lisle and Miss AnnaNolson motored to Paris this afternoon to see Miss Elizabeth Bush,v ho continues to improve at theMassie Hospital. .. .Mr. and Mrs.Vaughn Drake have Tjeen ill of influenza. Their sbaby is also reportedto be quite sick. . . .Misses Elizabeth&nd Rose Toohey, Tom Toohey, Eli7abeth Gregory and Mr. and Mrs.Jerry Keller, of Paris, and Mr. Geo.McCormick spent Sunday with MissElizabeth Baskett and brothers."Miss Virginia Morrison, fifteen-The basket ball team of the Cynthiana High School met defeat bythe Paris team at the Y. M. C. A.gymnasium in this city, Tuesdaynight. The game was a one-sidedaffair, the final score standing 42 to3 2. The game was a slow onethroughout, the Cynthiana team being unable to make it interesting jtor xne i'aris players. Tne gamewas refereed by Adajms,. of theGeorgetown College team.At the conclusion of the ParisMaysville games on the Maysvillefloor last Friday night the membersof the . Paris teams were presentedwith fifteen boxes of fine candiesby the Elite Confectionery, of Maysille. The i gift was highly appreciated by both the boys' and grilsteams. They had hardly time togive expression to words of thanksand appreciation than they werebusily engaged in sampling the donations, which were unanimouslyvoted excellent. A rousing cheerand vote of thanks was extendedthe donors of the sweets.The Cynthiana girls' team failingto appear for the scheduled gameTuesday night, a game was hastilyarranged between the Paris HighSchool girls' team and a team composed of young women members ofthe High School Alujmnea Association. The game was a tie until alucky play landed the P. H. S. teamwinner over the Alumnaes by ascore of 21 to 19.The Paris High School team andthe strong team from the FrankfortHigh School will play on the localfloor to-night. The Frankfort teamhas been going strong, while theParis teatm hasn't been slow at thegame. Both being tuned up to ahigh key, the game is confidentlyexpected' to be one of the best ofthe season on the local floor. Playwill be called at 7:30 sharp, at theY. M. C. A. to-night.oIFYou closed the hospital whatwould you do in times of epidemicwhere could you takethe sick? It is unthinkablethat you would allow it tu c ose.Give Siberaliy. The sum theyask is small enough. If everyone chipped in they would soonhave the amount. How couldyou invest in anything and doso much good?HSH TO-DAY.Select lot of fresh fish for to-dayand to-morrow. We dress themfree of charge. Nice oysters freshto-day.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.oNEAR EAST RELIEF FUND CAMPAIGN.VThe campaign for the Near EastRelief Fund, will begin in Bourboncounty, Monday, February 16. Thefollowing ladies are the chairmenof the various precincts in Paris:1st Mrs. Nellie Highland; 2ndMrs. George Williams Clay; 3rdMrs. Harry Kerslake; 4th Mrs.Henrv Power; 5 th Miss LauraLilleston; 6th Mrs. Geo. Wilder.The chairmen for the county precincts are:Millersburg. Miss Olive Fisher;year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.jNort-n Middletown, Rev. F. M. Tinj. A Morrison of this city, is one.der. Ruddies Mills, Miss Tillie Laandof the successful contestants in thedrawing contest recently conductedby the Louisville Courier-Journal.Much of her work has been of amost acceptable nature, and she hasreceived first, second and third prizes,, and also honorable mention inthe puzzle and prize story contestdepartment. She is very talented indrawing, and her work received Ihejmost favorable comment from thejudes.One of the most beautiful andbrilliant social events of the seasonwas the reception given Wednesdayafternoon at their home in Lexington by Mrs. Thomas Combs anddaughter, Mrs. Thomas NewtonDuff. About five hundred guestsfrom surrounding towns and counties enjoyed the afternoon. Receiving with Mrs. Combs and Mrs. Duffwere Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., ofParis, and Mrs. Alfred Combs, ofLexington. Punch was served inthe sun parlor, followed by luncheonserved on small tables spread in thedining room. Those- from Paris attending were Miss Griffith, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, Mrs. Louis Rogers, Mrs. William B. Ardery, Mrs.Jesse Letton, Mrs. Jesse Alverson.THE SICK Rev. J. TaylorSharrard is convalescing at his homeon South Main street from a severeattack of influenza. Mrs. W. C.Dodson and Mrs. Hiram Roseberryare patients at the Petree Sanitarium, on Vine street, where they areundergoing treatment. Mrs. WalterDalby is recovering from an attackof the grippe. William Grosche,who has been a patient at the Massie Memorial' Hospital, has recovered sufficiently to leave the institution. Miss Lula Speakes, who has"been very ill for the past ten days,ih recovering. Dr. Bruce. Smith, oneof Millersburg's prqminent physicians, is an influenza patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, where hewas brought Tuesday. Mrs. Ida M.Desha, of Paris, is a patient at the"Norton Infirmary, in Louisville,where she recently underwent a serious operation. Charles P. Cookand two little sons, Charles and Norwood, are convalescing from reecntattacks of influenza. Mrs. L. M.True, of Paris, who recently underwent an operation at the Good Samaritan Hospital, is recoveringslowly. Miss Nellie Fithian is recovering from a recent attack of theflu. Miss Nell Cmtcher is ill withpneumonia. Among recent victimsof the flu are Miss Lavelle Ranson,Miss Katherine Murphy, Mrs. HelenDavis Swearengen and little "daughter Eleanor, and Mildred, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Charles, Green,, allof whom are improving.rue; Little Rock, Miss ElizabethTarr; Centerville, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill; Hutchison, Miss MargaretSteele,The reports come weekly of thestarvation and dying of the Armenians. Let the people give liberally.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.' THE J. T. HINTON CO.FOR SALE1919 Ford Coupe, starter ..?650.001917 Ford Touring 325.001917 Ford Touring 375.001917 Jeffery 7-passenger,starter 650.001917 Ford Runabout 300.00All above cars in good condition.RUGGLES MOTORCO.,(13-3t) Paris, Ky.. -. ii i.ii imlliiExceptionally NiceLot ofGrapeFruit10ceachMr&. Ellis' toshGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky. '.;Coats and DressesFor theSchool GirlBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare- The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at T $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at $12.98$17.50 Coats at $13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at $22.50$35.50 Coats at :..: $24.75$39.50 Coats at $27.50Belted or straight models in Plum, Wine, Brown, Blue, Taupesome with collars of fur.School DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred material are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12.50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.0'0 Models at $19.75$29.50 Models at $24.75 ,Just right for the school roomu if !i Wmr IIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky. ,WE BELIEVEWe Save You More Money at OarCASH AND MARCH SALEThan You Can Save in Any Sale Anywhere.WE BELIEVE THIS because we give youa straight 20 discount on all goods markedat the regular price.WE DO NOT use any tags but the" ones inuse at all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURCash SavingFebruary and MarchSale7 If you don't, your neighbor does. -EXCEPTEDGlobe-Wernicke Czse, Columbia Grafonolas and RecordsWay Sagless SpringsHTHE J T, HIN FQJV CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingmmmlv ?,PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1M.siH iIum$inItI!lIifitJaU . . -V I. !.SMkV- A.wmzs-m"W., VFA Kentucky Woman" Rundown-Nervous-WeakNewport, Ky.: "I most heartily recomftend Dr. Pierce's remedies for they havesurely been of greatbenefit to me.Several years ago Iwas run-down andnervous with congestion and a catarrhal condition. Dr.Pierce's FavoritePrescription, and Lotion Tablets curedme of all my weakness and restored meto perfect health andstrength. Prom thattune to this I havehad no femininetrouble, of any description so feel assuredthat mine was a permanent cure." MRS.AMANDA E. GEISLER, 913 Columbia St.ANOTHER TESTIMONYLouisville, Ky.: "Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription is the very best medicine awoman can take. I suffered for some timewith organic weakness and at times I suffered so that I would be compelled to givep and go to bed; ray back ached and painswould extend down into my limbs. I wouldbecome stiff and numb and was hystericalat times. I was so miserable and nothingseemed to help me until I began taking the'Favorite Prescription' and this medicineso completely cured me that I have neverhad the least trouble since. I can recomaend it to be the best medicine I have evertaken for the ailments of women." MRS.E. CASHMAN, 826 Franklin St.FOR YOUNG MOTHERSLouisville, Ky.: "I can never thank Dr.Pierce enough for what his medicine hasdone for me. I lu. 1 nur'ng sore mouth andwas so weak I could hardly walk. My babyalso suffered 1 got medicine from ourfamily physician but it did me no good; Igrew wore instead of better, so almost indespair I began taking Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Dibcovery and before I had takenhalf a liottle I felt like a different womanand when I had finished taking that bottleI was almost well. I believe I would havebeen in my grave had it not been for thismedicine." MRS. EMMA PEAK, R. R.A., Box 3U.WAHOTNG TO SPENDERSSome very high-class stores confess that their best customers arebeginning to restrict their expenditures. One fashionable jewelry shopydmits that its business lias fallenoff distinctly. The tobacconist inone of New York's prominent hotelsstates that he is selling fewer boxesof expensive cigars. A clothinghouse catering to well-to-do customers in finding that its $100 suitsare in less demand. The curtailment in expenditures appears to bel sitting in near the top, but there areoccasional reports of a similar incipj ient trend lower down. This development should not create alarm;I rather should it be welcomed forI were the tide of reckless expedi-j tures to proceed unchecked for manymore months the consequences couldnot fail to he upsetting all around.It is in the interest of all that consumption of luxuries ease up for thepresent, that prices move down toward jmore normal levels, and thatthe saving and prudent investing ofmoney increase. America has beenindulging in a spending jamboree.The time has come to sober up.NAME BAYER"MEANS ASPIRINi IS GENUINEMen of the South, save! Youiust learn this lesson, or thateconomy, which so stiffens the Northand inspires and stimulates its industry, will overwhelm .HenryClay.o-CHUOMC CONSTIPATION.There are people who never havea movement of the bowels without itis produced by r cathartic. Most ofthem have brouglit that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremeant to relieve. A nild laxativetonic like Chamberlain's Tablets affords a gentle movement of the bowels that you hardly realize has beenproduced by a medicine, and theiruse is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.(feb-adv)Take Without Fear, As Told in Each"Bayer" Packaged-"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" marked with the safety "Bayer Cross," isthe genuine Aspirin, proved safe bymillions and prescribed by physicians for over eighteen years.In each "Bayer" package are safeand proper directions for Neuralgia,Cold, Headache, Toothache, Earache, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Neuritis, and for Pain generally.Handy tin boxes containingtwelve tablets cost but a fewcents. Druggists also sell largerj "Bayer" packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufactureof Monoaceticacidester of Solicylicacid. (adv)WmlWAui'lf1 fellW ifSgf U " MlHow Many Women Are Like This ? ICan anything be more wearing for women than the ceaselessround of household duties? Oh I the monotony of it allwork and drudge; no time to be sick; tired, ailing, yet cannot stop. There comes a time when something " snaps " andthey find themselves "simply worn out," and to make mattersworse, have contractedserious feminine disorder which almost,always follows the constant overt axing of a woman's strength.Then they should remember that there is no remedy likoLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound the experience of these two women establishes that fact :Sandusky, Ohio." Aftei;the birtho my baby I had organic tiouble.My doctor said it was caused bytoo heavy lifting and I vouldhavo to have an operation. Iwould not consent to an operationand let it go for over a year, havingmy sister do my work for me as Iwas not able to walk. One day myaunt came to seo me and told moabout your medicine said it curedher of the same thing. I took LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand used Lydia E. Pinkham's Sanativo Wash and they have cured mo.Now Tdo my own, housework, washing and ironing and sewing for rayfamily and also do sewing for otherpeople. I still take a bottle of Vegetable Compound every spring for atonic. I recommend your medicineto others who Have troubles similarto mine and you can use my letterif you wish." Mrs. Paul Papkkfuse,1325 Stone St.,Sandusky,Ohio.Cedar Eapids, la. "After thebirth of my last child I had suchpainful spells that w.ould unfit moentirely for my housework. I suffered for months and the doctor saidthat my trouble was organic ulcersand I would have to have an operation. That was an awful thing torae,Tvith a young baby and four otherchildren, so one day I thought ofLydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound and how it had helpedme years before and I decided to tryit again. I took five bottles of Vegetable Compound and used Lydia E.Pinkham's Sanative Wash and sincothen I have been a well woman, ableto take care of my house and familywithout any trouble or a day's jain.I am ready and thankful to swear byyour medicine any time. I am fortyfouryears oldand have not had a day'sillne86of any kind for three years."Mrs. H. Koeniq, 617 Ellis Blvd,Cedar Eapids, Iowa.All Worn Oat Women Should TakeUVQIA C.PINKHAM MEDICINE COn LYNN,WhyAlLEquippeWithmall Cars ComeGoodyear Tires13uminmmnnimiinininiummiiuimuiuuunm iiimiimmiiH immuHimiimmiiiuniiimimmuiuiiuitiuuiwimnuummuii nnmmtaiijumiiminonuiiuuniaunumuimniwmuguuuuwuiiucmtuummaiuauauiuamuuuuuaui iuuh tiMiuiiiunuiumiiMa 1T rW'i n IraWilliWBMfrwmWif v8 fj Ss,Last year, more small cars, using 30 x 3,30 x 3lz', or 31 x 4-inch, tires, were factoryequipped with Goodyear Tires than withany other kindThis is plainly a result of the high relativevalue produced in these smalkcar tires byGoodyear's enormous resources and scrupulous careAThey represent the same intense endeavorto supply utmost satisfaction in tires thathas laid the basis for the marked preferencewhich exists everywhere for Goodyear Tiresin the larger sizesfTXhis real Goodyear value in tires is availablefor your Ford, Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell, orother small car, at our nearest Service StationGo there for these tires arid Goodyear HeavyTourist Tubes30x3 12 Goodyear Double-Cure & j ,'Q,0Fabric, Ail -Weather Tread ' Li)30x3 Vz Goodyear Single-Cure $1 nft?,Fabric, Anti-Skid Tread X (Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are thick, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with acheap tube ? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes cost little morethan tubes of less merit. 30x3 Isire in water- $'T900 Sac ini 'jfjfKxtiUx:v?v'TrijJtxsw,,"'-w;.r'is,w. . -v ivryvj KacaTCwtcaa rrato:;MXlMCr.35atfVV1tXVai.V.o,rrr wcr. -l-aTtrrwj .r- -TTr.a--l...jr-y-rvw-JtetyiTWO TEXAS GIRLS MAKE $352PR0PTT ON ONE HOG IN YEARTwo sisters, Ethel and Ruby, 11and 3 3 years old, who live in CoppeJl, Texas, borrowed $55 from theSecurity National Bank, of Dallas,as members of the Farmers Boys'and Girls' Club, early last year.With the jnioney they purchased ayoung sow. They repaid the loan afew days ago and reported a profitof $325.50, in addition to owning asow now worth $75. The two girlsr.old $418.50 worth of pigs from theoriginal animal. Peed cost them$66 during the year.The Farmers Boys and Girls'Club of the Security National Banknow has about 250 members.ii 9 l--ti..tiiiiiBIFF!sh Stop jolting Liver and Bowelsitiiwith violent drugs, buttake "Cascarets."?" .----- t .(...... v.,(f"Dynamiting" bile out of yoursystem with calomel and other sickening purgatives is all wrong. SaltsOil and Cathartic Waters act byflooding the bowels with digestivejuices which are vital to the stomach. Cascarets are different. Theyact as a tonic to the bowel muscles,which is the only sensible way torelieve a bilious attack, a sour,acid stomach, or constipated bowels. There is no griping or inconvenience. You naturally return toregularity and cheerfulness. Cascarets cost very little and theywork while you sleep. (adv)-oHon Had Long Life.Authorities differ as to the age limit of a lion. Some biologists fix thenormal span of a lion's life at abouttwenty-two years. A lion which died Iin tne Tower of London In 1760 hadlived in captivity over 70 years.WASHINGTON MADE GIFT TO'TRANSYLVANIA ENDOWMENTGeneral George Washington wasone of the prominent Americans whogave to the first endowment ofTransylvania College. It is recorded, too, that General LaFayettemade it a gift when he visitedAmerica in 1825; John Adams, second President; Aaron Burr, whocame within a few votes of the Presidency of the United States himself,and John Jacob Astor.Save and teach all you are interested in to save; thus pave the frayfor morffl and material success.Thopnas Jefferson.oSometimes we feel like we wouldbe a better conversationalist if wecould think of a new. subject.fwiKiSff? Sp3g5PfFOR THE CHILDREN.Too much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forohildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful drug andmost effectual in curing their coldsand coughs. Long experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. Itis a favorite with many mothers, i(feb-adv) 'oOne reason why nobody loves afat man Is because he trieg to makeeverybody waif on him. u$TlTIEN you see this famoustrade-mark, think a minute!Think of the delicious taste ofa slice of fresh toasted bread!That's the real idea back of thesuccess of Lucky Strike cigarettes.Toasting improves tobacco just as well 'as bread. And that's a lot.Try a Lucky Strike cigaretteitctnefeii!Guaranteed byJijZyt&&L CATOnCeox.no- " "V'iII; -v vi', - v. 't?-,ir " --- 4-t ,oOoFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGES YENTo albort a coldand prevent complications, takefalotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35 c.TViuch-Bejeweled Prince.On great occasions of state theprince of Gwaloir, one of the wealthiest of the potentates of India, wearsa 18-row necklace .of pearls as largeis filberts and a sash that reachesfrom his shoulder to his knee, andthat is covered with similar gems,oSometimes a young man. acquiresso much experience he doesn'tseem to have anything else.$100 REWAH3u-$10Q.The readers of this paper will hepleased to learn that there is atleast one dreaded disease that science has been able to cure in all itsstages and that is catarrh. Catarrhbeing greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally andacts through the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system therebydestroying the foundation of thedisease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c. (feb-adv)onT.n,...n.nn.T IbUIAkniLUHUAlBY DYEING GARMENT"Diamond Dyes" Help MakeOutfits For YoungstersNewDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly h.ow to Diamond Dye over any color thai youcan not make a jmistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. " (adv-tf-F)Export by Mills.The mills of the United States everyyear export more flour than all therest of the mills in the world producePERIODIC BILIOUS ATTACKSPersons subject to periodic biliousattacks will observe that their appetite fail3 them just before an attack.That is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it is meal time.If they will eat only a light mealand no (meat, thn take two ofChamberlain's Tablets the attackmay be avoided.(feb-adv)o .Johnson Knew Human Nature.Johnson wrote to Boswell on September 22, 1777: "When a man Is invited to dinner he is disappointed Ifhe does not get something good . . .everybody loves to have things whichplease their palate put in their way,without trouble or preparation 1": di 'g ;aycr-555iiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiuiC?JtfyIlONgy BCvuhout qucstiomfMunt'sSaUffaiN in tl'r treaurcnt of EczemaTetter. Ringworm, 'Itch, etc.Don't become discouraged because other treatments failedHunt's Salve ha relieved hundreds of such cars You can'tlose on our Money BachGuarantee. Trv t nt our itctrTrvoAY Pric 7SC atFor Sale byL. OBERDORPER,Druggist, Paris,Ky.adquarters For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.S We have a fine lot of mixed feed; also white oats andfertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257WHfafi"Bgg-.-agBB-..P3g -t8. '...g-r.iap-4JW.lFurs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERNSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bret.Paris, Kentuckyt,ailllHIlllllllSISSISMIlg5m 831za )aiD9i l ' "K" E3i . ' SS Pet -w i1 . ? , . 1m & ii dsTL 4 lik Ai l a m fT A m m&L5! . : mm. wmmtUiM v3OiEI mSn iffrl J. r5vL3 5 KSi tSsx'- aRJ? LX3i mamm vbe mMB tonIdi C '-varA'j?! - .. itimrE&.i,t- .-.r..ics ri. ... - 1.l.i-'V vVTti'; y ia -"i; .u... .vi-i' .fmt '-g-ivrZr "Jl"SiS5Eirili!:T3 nW.a.- k a. ?vJi t' TS It JlJtIncorporatediotors Coi--Di;tribuior cf theMAXWELL and JORDANSee the lUw Models ct the ShowCORD ar.d FABRICiVo Accidentally Gcod but Made Qood Always!n n rXIV4? ffESTEFELD 'CO.Inca.-po-ted5t.ito Agents38 S "rcl S.r-st - - Louisville, Ky.i South U7Li'ii"7" Oisl.inT Tr'.cplio.icCity 111Jf5k 'i'ier-Foot CordiBand Standard? V TS iHt J KftHlSlr ' t s .u.2lira V ajyfjS-r I, i run,Ttr'V4-'"k's;vit-.FAIOUS .or MILEAGE' mv i:a m,5 kioSCIS3!Sisy-rftv V'wv rfq. ar.-VJISSsobXxFabricTiresski: its at Tut showDistributed ByMAHON BROS.& ALEXANDERIncorporatedGC5 South Third St. Louisville, Ky.53tfhUiunnuunnnmmmmt. mmr J, " TST Pf?I T ,fflr,ltN T""i f" ICiLOiSi 11Fabric 6000 Miles Cord 8000 MilesHand MadeAccessories Mechanic Tools Garage Equipment -ROBINSON BROS. & CO.IncorporatedWHOLESALE HARDWARELouisvilleKentuckyPrevents ExplosionSaves 5 Of Your Gasoline Costand Eliminates Carburetor TroubleSee it at tin' -how : it's soinoihin new and itwon't bo Ion? lirfojo cu-ry "ir owner will have one.Voi onlv does It -avt ua- and eliminate carbureteri rouble, 'but no iir- can iplofle any a.olme tanki hut has one of i ho -e non-explosive tubes in it.Portland Auto and General RepairCompany State AgentsAt The Heick BoothmmSEE OUR EXHIBITAT THE SHOWAnd At Our Store( 307-309 West BroadwayLouisville Auto Supply Co,We Dp Nol Sell Your TradeWholesale OnlyWhen You Visit LouisvilleRide to Your Hotel in aAgents atAll StationsWITH WHITE LINE"EVERY DRIVER AN ESCORT"Agents atAll HotelsCITYMtlnoutsviu.E Taxicab Transfer Co.SkeltonAutomobile 1$1245 F. O. B. FactoryAlipe.anVo rrd .ir':al ino-h imIc:I mcrii Mij-.:dorcd, the greatestAuoiuub:ie tcday i-IIin-jr i:rar :i pr'cc 1.111.".."MADE BY MEN WHO KNOW"SEE IT AT THE SHOWSTILES-KLAPHEKE CO.-IncorporatedDistributors Premier and Skelton Automobiles9W-900 S. THIRD, LOUISVILLE, KY.ATTENTION DEALERSHas it ovor oecurrod to you how hard it i to socure thee-vluIve ajrouey on roal good tlre- and j)ark plirV We arefactory icpreeniatm.STRONGHOLD TIRESHand Made, Built For ServiceEXPRESS SPARK PLUGSEliminate Carbon -We. still have some territory and attractive proposition tooffer on an exclusive basis. See us at the Automobile Showor writeTHE BEVERLY CO.220 W. Main - Louisville, Ky.IXtttIItI.ZTrrrnTMMtTmv $$hiHPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, l2f-DEATHS.THE ALAMO, AND- PARIS GRAND Amission: SJfSZZLz-jZv-MILLERSBURG"'-aProf. Arnold -will leave for Louisville to-day, where his wife willtndergo an operation.Miss Mary McDaniel, instructorin the Cynthiana Graded School, isa,t home . on account of the closingoftthe school for "flu."The Young' Fojks' Dancing:Glub met with Mr. and Mrs. J. C.Qeerr Jr., Tuesday evening- and aetig:htful time was experienced.Mr. M. .D. Hurst and wife wereat . the bedside of his brother, Mr.Jesse Hurst, at Flemingsburg-, Wednesday, who is critically ill, with noiope of recovery.Through misinformation inour lat letter we stated that RalphBecraft, of Paris, a. student at theM, ?I. I., was seriously ill of doublepneumonia, ' Mr. Becraft -has scarletfever, but" is improving nicely. 'Mr. and Mrs. James Hutsellfvill occupy the honie of Mr. andMrs. R. Ij. Tarr, during their absence in Florida. Mr. Hutsell recently sold his farm near Mt. Sterling. Mr. Tarr will leave for Florida next Tuesday.THE SICK Miss Alfa Ball,who has been among the sick, isable to be out again; Mrs. J. H.Barnes, who is ill with pneumonia,is improving. The following areamong tbe new cases of "flu:" Dr.O. B. Smith, W. M. Miller, Jr.. J. C.Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Jones,.and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Jones,Rev. W. W. Morton and Miss LouiseMclntyre. Dr. C. B. Smith has goneto the Massif Memorial Hospital, atParis, for a:hntion. He was thephysician rt M. M. I., while masterW. M. Miller was a student at thesajme institution. Master Wadsworth Jones, a day pupil of M. M. I.,and Bert Deering, colored, a domestic in t-he school are confined to their2iomes with scarlet fever, directlytraceable to M. M. I. G. S. Hill isable to be at his place -of businessafter a flight artack of "flu." Fromwhat we can learci the M. M. I. patients who are confined to theirrooms with "llu" and scai-let fever,are improving.oONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions of 25 onall furnitute and everythingse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomior Spring gotds.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.(febl3-4t)COLUMBIA.Mrs. Lou Columbia, aged thir-ly-eight,died Tuesday afternoon ofpneumonia at her home on the Mays-,villc- pike, after a short illness. Shewas a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Noah Gray, formerly of Bourboncounty, now residing . in Spencercounty, and the wife of George Co-.lupnbia. Besides 'her husband, sheis survived by her parents, threechildren, five brothers and one sister. The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at 10:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.HE CAN PUT INFULLTIME NOWFor Nearly Three Years He WasUnable To Do a Day's Work." Feels Fine Since TakingTanlac."My L.iother was even in a worsefix than I was and 1 can tell youthat was pretty bad, but Tanlac hasput- us both in good shape," saidAlbert J. Helfert, of 2009 Venablestreet, Uichmond, Virginia, whilediscussing the medicine, recently.Mr. Helfert was born and rearedin Richmond, where he has followedliis trade as brick anason forvthirtyyears. He has helped to buildmany of the large brick buildingserected in Richmond during tb.6 pastquarter century. Mr. Helfertstands bigh in the Brick Mason'sUnion," is also a leading member ofthe Richmond Eagles, Lodge No. 1,and is highly respected by all whoIrnow him."Regardless of exposure to alliinds of weather," explained Mr.Helfert. "I have always enjoyedvery good health until three yearsago. At that time I began to havepains in my back and joints whichkept getting worse in spite of all Ioould do. Well, I found it wasrheumatispi that had me in its gripand I finally got to where it wasagony for me to move. My back and"knees hurt me so bad that I couldhardly .lift trowel and brick.'I actually dreaded to go on ajob, I ached so bad. and had justabout decided to give up my workwhen a friend persuaded me to tryTanlac, saying it had relieved himof the same trouble and put him onhis feet in good shape. That verysame day I went to the drug storeand got a bottle of Tanlac. I -hadtried all kinds of liniments andmedicines without results, but Tanlac helped me from the start and bythe time I had finished my fourthbottle I was like a new man. I wasable to go on the job and do a fulltiay's work for the first time innearly three years. At present Iam as well as I have ever been injmy life and I mean to say by that, Ihaven't an ache or a pain of anyiin. ,"My mother had sufiered fromjh'eumatism for a number of yearsand even worse than I did. She hadif so bad at times ?he couldn'tcross the room without holding onto the chairs and bed. When shesaw what Tanlac had done for meshe began talcing it and to-day sheis getting around as well as if shewasn't more than twenty years ofage. Her friends all sec,m astonished at her wonderful improvementand she never gets tired tellingabout Tanlac. Knowing what I doabout Tanlac. since it has done somuch for mother and myself I amglad to show my appreciation bygiving this statement for the benefitpothers who need just such a medicine." Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples rkuvnacy. j - (adv)RONAN.Miss Catherine Ronan, agedeighty-three, died early Mondaymorning at Latonia, where she hadresided since moving frqm Parisseveral years ago. The funeral washeld Tuesday "at the Church of 'theHoly Cross, in Latonia, followed byburial in St. Mary's Catholic Cemetery. Mrs. Ronan is survived by foursons, Jack Ronan, of Paris, WilliamRonan, of Los Angeles, Cali., Thos.Ronan, of Detroit, Mich., and Chas.Ronan, now in the U. S. Army transport service in Siberia, and threedaughters, Mrs. James Shannon, ofSacramento, Cali., Mrs. CharlesWoolley and Mrs. William Fagin, ofLatonia.TODAY, PRIDAYBEATRIZ MICHELENAin "The Heart of Juanlta"More than a picture. It makes youlive the vivid, breathless romance - of thegolden days.PEARL WHITE in TheBlaclr Secret'and Mutt and Jeff Comedy"Look Pleasant, Please"!: JJ.Tomorrow, SaturdayWM. DESMONDin c A Sage Brush Hamlet'7h3 Ve3t as it really is. Its fun andfrolics, fist, fights and foolery with asmashing big battle of bullets- and' flyingfeathers. ' "RO LIN -COMEDY"HOW DRY I AM"ALAMO AFTERNOON AND NIGHTMonday, Feb. J 1 6thJesse L. Lasky PresentsHOUDINIin "The Grim Game"Houdini offers $1,000 rewards to anyone proving that the .aeroplane 'crash1" inmid-air is not genuine.' PARAMOUNT-SENNETT COMEDYand Burton Holmes Travel Picture.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningESTES.Mrs. Maiy Belle Estes, agedfifty-five, wife o Mr. James W. Estes, of the Shawha-n vicinity, diedat 11:30 o'clock Wednesday morningat her home -near Shawhan, after ashort illness of influenza, which developed into pneumonia.Mrs. Estes " was a daughter ofCharles C. Tate, and was an aunt ofMrs. Will W. Dudley, of this city.Besides her husband, she is survived by three brothers, John Tate, ofLexington, Wm. Tate, of KansasCity, Mo., George H. Tate, of Shawhan, and one sister, Mrs. JuliaTeesrarden, of Sharpsburg.The funeral will be held in theMt. Carjmel Christian church, at twoo'clock this (Friday) afternoon,with services conducted "by Rev. J.R. Jones. The burial will follow inthe Jacksonville Cemetery.TALBOTT.tFollowing a short illness, Mrs.Ann McMillan Talbott, aged eightytwo, died Wednesday night at 11:45o'clock, of pneumonia, at the homeof her son, Wm. F. Talbott, on Seventh street.Mrs. Talbott was a daughter ofthe late Robert and Matilda BarclayMcMillan, and was born at the oldBarclay homestead in Clark county.She was united in marriage at anearly age to Samuel Henry Talbott,of North Middletown. and residednear North Middletown until hisdeath. Since then she has residedin, or near this city. She is survived by her two sons, William F. Talbott and Robert C. Talbott, both ofParis. Mrs. Talbott was a half sister of the late Dr J. T. McMillan,of Paris. She was a devoted .memberof tlie Christian clurch, a woman ofrare intelligence and culture, andwas beloved by all who knew her.The funeral will be held this(Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The pall-bearers willb: Win. M. Talbott, Dr. RaymondR. McMillan, Grover Baldwin, Virgil Gaitskill, Dr. H. E. Foster, WadeH. Whitley, J. W. Thomas and Walter Kcnney.CURRENT.Following a short illness of influenza, Eli Current, aged, fifty-five,died at an early hour Wednesdaymorning at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, where he wasbrought Tuesday afternoon.Mr. Curre-nt was a son of the lateThomas" and Angelina Current, andhad been for years engaged in farming on the old home place near Centerville. He is survived by one sister, Miss Carrie Current, and threebrothers, Frank Current, OscarCurrent and Allen Current.The body was removed from th.eHospital to the George W. Davisundertaking establishment, where it'was prepared for burial. Thofuneral -was held yesterday afternoon at llirye o'clock, with services. conducted at the grave by Rev. W.j E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Chrisi tian church. The pall-bearers wereJohn Bell, Sam Houston, JosephHouston, Miller Lail. HerbertSmith and Jolin Lail.gent young men, cast a gloom overIheir vicinity.The bodies of the two young menwere interred in one grave in theParis Cemetery at tAvo o'clock yesterday afternoon.o1REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Realty Company soldyesterday for George Allison, ofNicholas county, his farm of sixtyacres, known as the Thos. Dillonfarm, located on the Ruddles Millspike, near Paris, to Roscoe Carmichael. for $400 an acre.THE BEST PROOGiven By a Paris Citizen,1023EESrh"g '"tSggaJi'g"";The Paris Realty Co. sold privately Wednesday the property on Clif-Lton avenue, belonging to Mrs. MayHowe Bergman, of Lexington, toHarvey Henry, of Bourbon county,for $1,850. The same company soldfor Hirajm S, Rodmon, the doublebrick bungalow, located on Twelfthstreet, to .Mrs. Annabelle Wallace,of this county, at private price.George D. Speakes, of the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes, ofParis, sold at public auction Tuesday morning for Wm. Atkins, atract of thirty-two acres of land,with improvements, located nearBuzzard Roost, in Nicholas county,to John Wells, for $300 an acre.Auctioneer Speakes also sold forBert McClintock, his residence inMillersburg, to James Martin, for$6,300, and the Wadell property,in this city, to Charles Hurst, for$2,600.Through the Paris Realty Co.,Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson sold thiweek to J. E. Alexander, of Ewing,their suburban cottage, located onthe Bethlehem pike, near Paris, for$1,750. Mr. Alexander will begiven possession of the propertynext month, and will occupy it as ahome. Harris & Speakes, as agentsfor Houston Rion, executor of theestate, sold at public auction, onthe premises, on ' Second street.Tuesday afternoon, the home of thelate Mrs. Jos. M. Rion. Mrs. T.Porter Jett, of the county, was thepurchaser, paying $7,050 for theproperty. Mr. and Mrs. Jett willmove to the place to reside in thefuture. At the same time ahd placeAuclioneer George D. Speakes soldthe household effects of Mrs. Rion,everything sold realizing good prices. The sale was advertised in several issues of THE NEWS.Doan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evi-; dence.Has proven the results lasting.'The testimony is home testimony.The proof convincing.It can be attested by Paris residents. Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that tijme, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through mykidneys, and if anyone had hit mein the back with a heavy axe, itcould not have hurt worse. In oneweek after using Doan's KidneyPills, I felt like a different woman,for they fixed me up in fine shape."After a lapse of eight years, Mrs.Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pillshave made a cure for me and it hasbeen permanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the sajme thatMis. Martin .had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oBUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.lfefSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399(till July 1)PARIS, KENTUCKYThe Prohibition? party may nowconduct a campaign against horseracing. It will years and years be-rlore that party runs out of thingsto abolish.amnnmisHT?.The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done RightREFUSED $2,000 FOR BOURBONBRED MARE.SMITH.Two members of the same family dying within a short time of eachother, from the same disease, is thecrushing blow that came in the family of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. A. Sjiiith,of near Paris, Tuesday morning.Sam Smith, aged twenty-one, wasthe first to succumb to the disease,pneumonia, his death taking placeat 10:30 Tuesday morning, after anillness of but a few days. His.'younger brother, Wilson Sjmith,w-ho had been taken ill about tnesame tjma with the sajme disease,died at 2:30 o'clock Tuesday afternoon. Neighbors were unaware forsome time of the state of affairs atthe Smith home, as there was no telephone in the house and no communication was had until Mr. Smithhimself sent word to the closestneighbors of the visit of the deathangel to his home. The young menhad been attending school, but wereadvised to remain at home untilthey recovered from severe coldsthej' had contracted. They wereboth, popular and highly . regardedin their community. Five othermembers of the srine family whohave been very ill of influenza atthe family home, on the Lew Taylorfarm, on the, Jackstown pike, nearParis, are recovering. The deathof the two boys, who were knownas iudubtrioui, ca pubic .and inteili-Starter James Milton, who isofficiating at thu Havana, Cuba,race track recently refused an offerof $2,000 for the mare GoldenRuby by Waterboy Mono, whichfoaled Great Britain at John S.Wiggins' Military Stock Farm,near Paris. During the racingcareer of Golden Ruby she wascredited with having won morethan thirty races.Public SaleOFSmall Bourbon County Farm,Implements, Mock, Etc.I will sell at public s.ale on thepremises, on the Bethlehem pike,one mile from Paris, onTuesday, Feb. 17, 1920at 10:00 o'clock, a. jm., my farm offive and one-half acres of land. Theimprovements consist of six-roomdwelling house; two halls and twoporches, with good cellar; cistern atDack door and one cistern at thel.ujn; one barn and double corncrib; barn will house five acres oftobacco; all other necessary outbuildings. Farm is all good tobaccoland. The stock lo be sold comprisesthe following:One pair of S-year-old mules,pood ones:One good 10-year-old work mule;One G-y ear-old Jersey cow andcalf;One 5-year-old Jersey cow, 'will befresh in April;One 3-year-old Jersey cow, ,duc tocalve about 10 th.One Jersey heifer, due to calve byday of sale;One Jersey heifer, due to calveabout March 20;Two Duroc-Jersey sows, due tofarrow March 10th;One Poland China sow, due to farrow in April;Twenty-two .shoats, weighingabout SO pounds each;One wheat drill;One mowing machine;One break cart and harness.Other things too numerous tomention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.J. W. CAIttl. ""M. F. KEXNEY, Auctioneer.(10-13) "r.Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCE SALEThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider theadvance market prices.BUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALFiTRADfBAFMUSimG U- nft:vi-Jc'CiV ,Shoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to $7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glaze4 Kid higtfgrade boots, values to $8.50.Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray Kid Boots 'reduced to $3,45Big lot Ladies' $5.00 Tan Cloth TonLace Boots reduced to. . - - .'.-S299Big lot Ladies' Kid Shoes, warmlined, $3.00 values, at $ 1 .99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid,values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.99Dark Tan English, Gun Metal and ViciKid, values to $8.50.Another lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlack Good Work Shoes at $299Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at. .". $ 1 .69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to $2.99Infants' $1.50. Kid Button Shoesreduced to 5 1 .OOBoya Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00 Shoes at $1 .99Boys' and Youths' Hsgh GradeShoes, worth $5.50, at $3.49DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rci jnA 'IX'.if'SK - .'if