,.-?,. ,,.. ' ' v ' .- .-;, . x 1' ".-'! W - H. f TF 1 .f k 'Wi.i 1.! .' " f . Ik iV t- i'.- , V f.THEr&.vr-.tinV l''3ii:fe:OT, X1f"PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 13, 1920jTW P l T A- i. J w?Hl..T L O" . i t. .: V,IV :- P- - . vBOURlira ra k wV IIBBI P P BB9TEE REDPATH CHAUTAUQUAThe hig Chautauqua tent on theCity School grounds has been tilledto its utmost capacity each afternoon and evening during the engagement, which comes to a closeTo-night. Each number on the valied program has been the best ofits kind, and the audiences havebeen duly appreciative.On Friday afternoon the programcomprised a grand concert by thew Yoik Opera Singers, who renerd a delightful program ofclcs-ical selections. All the numh were liberally applauded. Inthe evening the New York OperaSn-rs presented another pleasingprrcram of music. The star eventof tl. week's program was the appparance of Opie Reid, author, witand Itcturer, who held his audienceIn . masterly and forceful lectureon :he subject, "Human Nature andpolitics,' an address full of oratorical zenis, pungent wit and pathos,deln"t-red in the inimitable mannerof the famous author of "ThpjucKLns," and other noted works offict'or. that have delighted thousand-Satuiday afternoon a program ofmusical selections by tl.e orchestra,followed bj an inspiring address,"Bac.-c to The Farm." by Hon. C. G.Jordar. At night Gilbert and Sullia? famous light opera, "Pinafore" was delightfully sung by asplendid company, with specialscenic and lighting effects. Can anyone v.ho has ever heard this tunefulope forgtt the melodies it pro-Yeierday's progiam embraced theChildren's "Hour in the morning,and a lecture on the subject, "Modern Unrest." by Donald H. Mcgidney. a platform orator of nationalienov.il. The night program wastaken up with the presentation ofthe delightful American comedyrhat captivated all America, "Nothing But the Truth," presented in amost pleasing manner by a thoroughly capable cast. The engagement will close to-day with the following programs: Morning Children's Hour; afternoon Children'sPageant, "The Good Fairy Thrift;"Concert by The Swiss Yodlers andcinr- pvpninsr Concert by TheSwiurebyceum Magazine.BODY OF WALKER WHITE TAKEN TO RICHMOND.BOURBON GUN CLUB SHOOTThe body of Walker White, ofRichmond, who was found dead onhis bed in the Fordham Hotel, under what , pointed very strongly tosuicide, was taken to Richmond Friday, accompanied by his brother,Robert White, and Neale Bennett,of Richmond. Later developments jnot told in THE NEWS account ofthe unfortunate man's end showedthat he had on a table in his room,a cup which did not belong to thebotel, and which contained thedrain ings of carbolic acid.Other circumstances which developed afterward strongly supportedthe theory of suicide.White was fortv-two years old andwas unmarried. He had not been inthe best of health, but it Avas notknown that he was contemplatingself-destruction. He is survived byone brother, Robert White, of Richmond, and five sisters, Mrs. PatrickMrs. John McCord, Mrs. "Len Menter, of Richmond, and Mrs. RobertMinter, of Boonesboro. Until recently he had conducted a grocry InRichmond, which had been hishome for a number of years, andwas wen-known among the businessmen of Richmond and throughoutMadison county. He disposed of hisbusiness some time ago, since whichlime he had not been actively engaged. In commenting on the case, theRichmond Register says: "CoronerDavis, of Bourbon county, informedthe Daily Register that his verdictwas death resulting from heart disease. He said that a number of.Tiewsnaner correspondents had sentout a report that Mr. wnita tooK nisown life by carbolic acid poisoning,but that there was nothing to justify such a report, as no bottle orother evidence of such act had beenfound, and it was apparent thatheart disease had caused his death."A PATRIOTIC HOUSE.It is "Flag Day" every day withthe R. C. Ruggies Motor Co., localsarasre and automobile supply housein this city. TheRuggies Co. hasss Yodlers ana singers; ueu- k t a Dig United States nag noai.subject, "Human ijmciency, jno. for many months from a naiRalph Parlette, editor of ine uy- ptafP on the r00f, immediatelyPETITION PROTESTING AGAINSTPARDON.A petition protesting against the.granting of a pardon to Henry Feltman and others, of Covington, whowere convicted on the charge ofplotting against the Governmentduring the late world war, has beenin circulation in Paris. The peti- nsnre VOUr growing Croption as signed by several hundred i - H-i wsncitizens of the city and county. I tobaCCO against Mail W II nFelt'iian is a wealthy cigar manu- TtrCIVto rctifacturer. (july2-tf)overthe entrance to tneir place, urnGlory greets the eye from every direction every day. There may beother patriotic firms who displaythe national colois from theirhouses every day, but so far THENEWS has failed to discover them.Not even the city and county buildings or the local Federal buildingare so decorated.oHAIL INSURANCEofThe Bourbon Gun Club, whichshoots on every Friday afternoon,held their regular shoot last Fridayafternoon at their club grounds inEast Paris. A good many spectators were present and fifty shooterstook past in the sport. Severalshell and target representativeswere present and took part in theshooting.The following shooters who werelucky enough to break 20 or moreout of each 25 targets shot at were:W. I. Morton, 24, 25, 23, 24.Ben Hisle, 23, 24, 23, 25.H. E. Adnerson, 20, 23, 22.Alfred Clay, 20, 22, 23, 23.W. K. Ferguson, 21, 20, 23.R. H. Hughes, 24, 20.Richard Jones, 22, 21.Walter Kenney, 22, 20..Catesby Spears, 23, 21.R. R. McMillan, 20, 22.Victor K. Dodge, 23, 21.Clarence Kenney, 25.Sam Clay, 23.Wm. Wornall, Jr., 21.Rudolph Davis, 21.Douglas Thomas, Jr., 21.Ray Taylor, 21.J. W. Thompson, 20.Aylette. Buckner, 20.Mr. F. B. Hillis, of Lexington,who has shot with the Club severaltimes, has kindly presented the Clubwith $10 trpohy, which will be contested for by Club members only, onnext Friday, July 16. Conditions ofthis race will be: Shots at 50 targets; each shooter will be given acertain number of targets for hishandicap; am ties will be shot off.Seveial other shooters and business men of Paris have kindly offered to give trophies to the Club,which has been accepted, and willbe contested foi at early dates.Spectators and visiting s hootersare always welcome. Residents ofBourbon county who wish to shootmust pay their dues and becomemembers before they can enjoy theshooting privileges of the Club.BARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADES.Porch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, reguiar $6.00 swings at$4.50; regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8.50. GenuineAerolux Porch Shades at 25percent off regular price.These are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)oHURT IN ACCIDENTPARIS ORCHESTRA AT LEXINGTON.Gregg's Orchestra, playing at theGrand Opera House and The Alamo,in this city, has been secured forthe season of Sunday afternoon andevening concerts to be giventhrough the summer at WoodlandPark, in Lexington. The orchestrawill be assisted by Prof. Carl Lambert, of the University of Kentucky,a musician of unusual ability.Mr. Gregg, who has charge of theorchestra, was formerly in chargeof the orchestra at the Ben AliTheatre, in Lexington. He has beenin charge of the orchestra playingat the local picture houses for several months. The orchestra rendeisd the first concerts of the seriesSunday afternoon and evening tolarge audiences seeking recreationin "the out-of-doors, and proved verysatisfying to the musical tastes ofLexingtonians. Many from Parisspent the afternoon at the Park,taking in the concert.oMASSIE HOSPITAL NOTESTHE COMMERCIAL CLUBThe call for a strong CommercialClub in Paris is essentially a callCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSWith the exception of Councilman Hugh Brent, a full Board of.ior community loyalty. It is a call. Council was present at the recentfor united effort to do needed things meeting of the Council, presidedthat individual strength can not . ver by Mayor E. B. January. A.performNo man is big enough to makeParis the city it should hA al-large amount of important busineewas transacted.An invitation was extended to tkmthough there are some men in a no-IOrphan Brigade, of Morgan's Mensition to contribute more to that end Association, to hold their next annual meeting in this city, with thethangroupothers. Further, noof individuals isHannah Beatty, a colored womanresiding near Clintonville, waotaken suddenly ill Saturday andwas brought to the Hospital Annex.She was operated on for appendicitisby Dis. Kenney & Stoecldnger, andis doing nicely.All the patients in 'the institutionare doing well, with prospects forrecover. Careful attention isworking wonders with the patients.The Hospital is ready and willingat all times to receive donations offruits and supplies foi 'he larder.These are always welcome. Sendthem in at. any time, and they willbe thankfully received and greatlyyppieciated.oLAT0NIA MEETING CLOSES?fcFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Have in SlockALL NBMDSForHot Weather WearVoiles, Organdies, Ginghams andWash Skirtings of all kindsA Full Line of Wash Dresses inSwiss, Organdie, Voile andGinghamForest MillsV- Net UnderwearDove BrandMuslin UnderwearNiagara BrandSilk UnderwearMrs. Mack Lizer, of Lair, andniece, Mrs. Harold Filer, of Dayton,O., met with an ' accident recently,in which both were injured. Whiledriving under the railroad bridge atLair, an L. and N. train passed over,scaring their horse, which becamounmanageable, turning the buggyover and throwing theout. Mis. Filer sustained a brokencollar bone, a dislocated shoulder;and Mrs. Lizer a sprained ankle.They were removed to the home ofMrs. Lizer, where their injurieswere given attention.oFALLS TWO STORIES: ONLYSLIGHTLY INJURED.The good luck that attends somepeople was manifested Friday afternoon when George Williams, a colored poiter at the Hotel Fordham,fell from a second story window,where he had been engaged in washing the windows.Williams fall was a distance offorty feet, and in doing that distance he made several revolutions inthe air, landing on his side. Nobones were broken. Williams' injuries consisted of a few bruises andscratches. On getting up he lookedup at the window, and remarked,"Gee whiz! If I had fell a littlemore I might have i been hurt upsome." The window was in theroom in which Walker White, ofRichmond, died the same morning.oEqualing the American turf record for one and one-half miles.2:29 3-5, and clipping four-fifths ofa second off the Latonia mark,Minto II, W. V. Travis' 6-year-oldimported son of Sundridge MissRonald, won the Daniel Boone Handicap, worth $11,225 to the winner,the feature offering of the closingday of the racing season at Latonia,Saturday. Only one other horseever ran as fast as Minto II, thatbeing Thundreclap, which madethe same time at this distance atLaurel, Md., October 11, 1919.This was tne first running of theDaniel Boone Handicap, and it hasa place to stay on the Latonia roster, ns it drew out one of the largest crov.ds of the season, with theexception of Independence uay.Evory point of vantage in the grandstand, clubhouse and op the lawnwas taken, and the betting pavilionas a seething mass all afternoon.Luckily, the springlike weather continued, and this made conditionsmore bearable for the racegoers,who took the crowding and jamminggood naturedly.oBOURBON COUNTY BOYS GOINGTO CAMP DANIEL BOONEThe Bourbon county delegation ofcamners for Camp Daniel Booneoccupants j will leave to-morrow (Wednesday)morning at 8:15 in charge ot Mr.Owen L. Davis, chairman of thelocal Y. M. C. A. Boys' Work Committee. The following leaders andboys will be in the party:Tent No. 1 Cletis Chipley, leader; Malcolm Waterfield, HarryTucker, Russell Lenox, Blanton,Collier, Robt. McCarty, Marion Gilkey and Thos Spicer.Tent No. 2 Robert MeGlons,leader: Will Moore Lair, HarryBaldwin, Sol Feld, John WilliamRedmon, Jos Mitchell.Tent No. 3 Leslie O'Neill, leader: Eleazer Dailey, Norbert Friedman, Adrain Flandprs, (Lexington),R. Overland, W. Leslie, S. Kesofsky,(Covington), and Albert Wright.Tent No. 4 O. L. Davis, PrenticeLancaster, leaders: Wm. Wilson,Yutaki Minakuchi, Clarence Hill.Geo. Dundon, John Woodford, Howard Fightmaster.enough to secure the desired resultin the way of civic and commercialdevelopment in a community as richn resources and advantages asParis.Cities do not grow without acause for it. Natural advantagesare a great factor, bat some growing cities have overcome serious deficiencies in this respect and succeeded. Paris does not lack for natural advantages. It has a wealth ofrhem. What it does lack is organized energy to build upon them. Inother words, it takes advantagesplus builders to make a city-The plan of operation adopted bythe re-organized Paris CommercialClub, providing for departmentswith fixed responsibility and theemployment of a trained secretary,will furnish the necessary organizedenergy if the propei support isforthcoming from the citizens of thiscommunity. Experience has shownus that the S5.00 a ye;u- organization, with no fixed responsibilityand a lack of trained methods employed by the live commercial organizations of the present day, leadsbut to failure.Will Paris recognize her opportunity and back the efforts of theleaders in the new club with a support that will leave no doubt as toher future? Half-hearted supportwi'l not bring success, lack of faithwill discourage it and destructivecriticism will kill it. The answerlies with you, Mr. Individual.smalltrong i suggestion that September beLIVESTOCK TRANSACTIONSLivestock shipments from localdealers are on the increase. Caywood & McCIintock, of Paris, shipped Saturday to the Cincinnati market two carloads of cattle weighingan average of 1,250 pounds, forwhich they paid thirteen cents apound, and to the Jersey City market 250 lambs, for which they paidfourteen to fifteen cents a pound.BIG AUCTION SALE OF ANTIQUEFURNITURElected as the date for the meetiosr.The Council rejected as excessivethe bid of the Lampton & BurkeConstruction Co., -for repairing ofThird street vith improved material.. A petition from the residentsof Parrish avenue, asking for theinstallation of a sanitary sewersystem on that street was referredto the Improvement Committee.The Council adopted an ordinanceregulating the- parking of automobile? on the streets of the city, andone imposing a license on automobiles used as pleasure machines.The adoption of these ordinanceswas preceded by the granting offurther time to the police department to report why they were unable to enforce the present ordinance affecting the parking of ma.chines. Mayor January was authorized to purchase a carload otKentucky rock asphalt for repairing Main street from Bank Row toTenth street. An ordinance imposing a license of ?250 a year onlabor bureaus and employmentagencies operating m the city wasadopted by the Council.Mrs. Russell Mann and A- B.Hancock T.ere ordered to have concrete pavements laid in front oftheir property, on Pleasant street,the work to begin by July 20. CityEngineer Boerner was instructed tohave such streets as will be readyoiled on arrival of the street oil recently purchased. A building permit was granted Winnie Buford forthe construction of a residence onFourteenth street, to cost approximately $1,200. After approving &batch of claims against the city, an.adjournment was taken until Tuesday night, when further businessmatters will come up for consideration.PARIS BOY INTERESTED IN HAZARD BANK.Articles incoporating the HazardBanking & Trust Co., of Hazaid,Ky., were filed with Secretary cfState Fred Vaughn, at Frankfort,Saturday. The institution startswith a capital of $50,000. The incorporators are B. P. Wooten, w.Read adveitisement in anotherrr1i-it-rT Vt rlccprint rr rf nnimmfurniture to be sold Julyl4T5 -WMteeves and Irvine-J.Dempsey.J-2SA"Property cf .Mrs. R. A. Blount. Sale Mr. Dempsey is a son of Mr. andon the premises at 10 a. m. For fur- Mrs. James B. Dempsey, of Paris,ther information, see Stanhope Wie- and holds an important position as.deman, or general agent for the Louisville &HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS J Nashville, at Hazaid, with about(6-9-18) Agents. thirty employes under his direction.THE NEWS GETS RESULTSFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSTAX COMMISSIONER'STICE.Wishing to correct a mistakenidea that seems to be currentrelative to the law governinglisting off taxes, we wish tonotify the public that the lawis the same as last year, and itis each one's duty to report inperson, iff possible, at our officein basement off Court House.You will kindly note this andcall at your earliest convenfence WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.J. J.REDMON, Deputy. .julyl3-tfoSIMMS BUYS PINE YEARLINGAs an evidence of pulling powerof judicious advertising in THENEWS we reproduce the followingletter from a well-known nationalNO-! advertiser.umcago, in., juiy, xvj."Publisher THE NEWS,"Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: We are enclosingherewith our check for space usedduring the past quarter, and w-2want to extend our most heartyrhanks for the general good position and consideration' given ourschedule."In closing our advertising yearfor the season of 1919 and 1920 itis gratifying to note that almos.without exception our sales haveincreased in your territory, and weattribute this to a very great extentto the influence that your paper hasupon the consumer."Sincerely Yours,"CALUMET . BAKING .POWDERCOMPANY.". oV.VEdward F. Simms recently purchased of E. C. Christian, of Lexington, the brown yearling colt byWEHOWBUYS PINE CATTLE.Jonas Weil, of Lexington, representing the Nagle Packing Co., ofSween. out of Fascination, bv Han- Jersey City, N. J., purchased of rol-over's son, Buck Massie, for $2,750. jJie Young, of near Paris, three carMr. Simms will ship soon to Sara-loads of fancy Hereford cornfed cattoga forty-two yearlings o be j tie, averaging 1,400 pounds, at sixbroken under the supervision of J teen cents a pound, less shrinkage-.Trainer Charles Hughes, Twenty-'This is one of the finest bunches ofthree of these are Nursery Stud fat cattle bought in Central Kenyearlings purchased from Major tucky this season, and the priceAugust Belmont by Simms & Oliver, I paid for them is 'said to nave Deenand the remainder are those reserved by Simms at Xalapa Farm.the highest that has been receivedhere this year.low Can You TellWhether or Not You Can BeFitted Until You Try to Be ?Nowadays there are somany different models fordifferent figures theChances are Tento OneThat You Can Be FittedWith One of OurSmartSuitsGive us a call. It's apleasure to us to show you.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TQ MENiSIliimst,ii3 IsHCkd"lrT3 ?E w TZlB&elr-rf -9---.. i. s -4J Kt &!&?.'&w t " Jfe. Aj -. .iLjr' i'H?J: -s - .:.:mtj4 VlHvv-vr. -&. -V ' "'---V)V.K- (A,. , ,. r J"PAGE TWOIHE BOURBON NEWSXrfablishei 188139 Tears of Contimuous Publication" FiWished Every Tuesday and FridayPtr Tear. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.iWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Asso-ition.Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDifplay Advertisements, $1.00 per'.Each for first time; 60 cents per inchiMkch subsequent insertion.Reeding Notices, 10 cents per lineMen issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesvast invariably be accompanied bySe cash.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate for.'Sheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,.Deputies."FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announce;JAS. H. MORELAND, of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic voters-of Bourbon county.TOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announce"JOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of -'Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters' ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAXSIONER.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.JENGUSH EDITOR COMPLIMENTSCOX AND HARDINGRobert Donald, chairman of theEmpire Press Union and former ed.Uor of the Daily Chronicle, ot LouIon, England, commenting upon theAmerican nominations, said: "ThatXhe highest political office in theworld should be occupied by a newspaperman is a compliment to the"profession in every "country. BothJox and Harding are fine types ofAmerican citizenship, who have"risen to the top of a profession in"which actual hard work and -merit--alone count. The press is the mostpowerful force in modern life, andthe men who make it should beable to win the highest honors theircountry can give. The next President, whether his name be Cox oi"Harding, will be held in great esteem by journalists as a man whowon the highest honor for their-craft."oORGANIZING REPUBLICANWOMEN OF .KENTUCKYMrs. John W. Ljmgley, wife ofRepresentative Langley, Tenth Kentucky district, who is one of theadvisory body of the RepublicanNational Committee, is organizingthe women in Kentucky for Senator"Harding. Representative Langley;posed with Senator Harding formoving picture men before the nominee felt for Marion, O.r. Lin. Motive Power Weak.Lvra Florence has heard a greatdeal of talk about mamma's electricfeeiog without power and the necessityf charging it One day she was toldi remove her rubbers and take them$ her room. She failed to do this andlater was asked why she had not done-fib. She replied: "I did not have pow- r enough ; I had to stop and chargeoGet your happiness out of yourSlork or you will never know whatistai happiness is. " "-UittiuiAL WASHINGTON APPRAISES PRESIDENTAHCANDIDATES"Political Washington is really themost non-political city in the UnitedStates, and the near-up view of public men reveals their personal characteristics and tastes to residents ofthe Capital in a manner very similar to that by which residents of alarge or small city discover the perfections or imperfections of Mayors,Aldermen and Supervisors. Th3mere fact that a man is a memberof one party or another gets him nowhere in Washington but he maybe a Democrat, Republican, or havea common garden variety of political ideas, and if he has the "goodson him" he will be given full, creditfor his abilities. In truth, Washington is art to discover the commonplace, the unusual, ihe constructive,the conservative, the radical, andall other qualities that distinguishstatesmanship. Under this humanmicrosocpic lens there is revealedthe true human qualities of theleaders in National thought. Of thenominees at ihe Chicago and SanFrancisco conventions, aP exceptGovernor Coolidge have been analyzed by the Capital City. And in"a spirit of absolute fairness, divested of bias or prejudice, it may besaid that Senator Harding, Governor Cox and Pranklin D. Rooseveltrepresent the highest type of manhood known to public service. Governor Coolidge has not figured inthe Washington situation, and judgment concerning him must be basedupon his record in New England.But in Washington the three menare known to everybody, and thyNational Capital takes off its hat inrecognition of, the splendid selectionof candidates that have been chosenas the standard bearers of the greatpolitical parties.oWOMEN URGED TO ATTENDCITIZENSHIP COURSEMrs. Josephine Grauman Marks,State Press Chairman of the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs,is sending letters fiom her office atWashington through the press, urging uie women 01 uie ouiie iu attend the Course in Citizenship offered in the University of Kentucky Summer School during theweek beginning July 3 9, 1920. Mrs.Marks is anxious to have the program which the University hasworked out brought to the attentionof every club woman in the State.The new responsibility of women inthe State of Kentucky will be emphasized in the course and this newresponsibility will be the basis ofmany club discussions in the women's clubs this fall. In the opinion of Mrs. Marks it is desirablethat as many women as possibleavail themselves, of this course inorder that they i may be better prepared to act as leaders in this workin their own communities.oPERENNIAL YOUTHDr. Eugene Fisk, President of theLife Extension Institute of Newfork has. enunciated the theory thatit is within the bonds of science toprolong human life to a matter of1900 years. Dr. Fisk's interestingspeculation "nus delivered at tvie annual meting of the New York Medical Society, held on March 23.Whle admitting the prospect ofsuch a prolongation of life waslather a terrible one, Dr. Fisk wasassured that the postponement ofmiddle and old age, and the doubling and even trebling of the ordinary span of life, was not a fantastic idea. His opinion was based onthe successful achievements of science in stretching the life of the ordinary fruit fly to 900 times itsusual length, and after citins; examples of longevity exhibited by theturtle and by various trees, he argued that "youth is a physical stateand not a function of time." Oldage, said the doctor, was premature. By eliminating the conditionsconductive to physical collapse itwould be possible to find a meansof performing for human beingswhat is already performed for thefruit fly. The probability of science succeeding in prolonging lifeio 1900 years was -not very great.as before that slate of affairs cameto pass "changed conditions mayabolish al! life on the earth."o"Schopenhauer's Bible."The "Oupnek-hat" is a Latin translation of the "Upanishads," made byAnquetil-Duperron, from a Persian version of the Sanscrit original, whichwas published at Strassburg, in twovolumes quarto, 1S01-1S02, under thetitle "Oupnek'hat, id est, Secretum Legendum." It consists of a group oftreatises, expounding a general system of mystical pantheism, whicharose as a development of the moretheosophic element in the Vedas. ItIs believed that this influenced Schopenhauer not a little in his writings.Value of Youthful Thinking.We are learning that the fabledfoundation of youth lies in ourselves;Is in our own mentality. Perpetual rejuvenation and renewal are possiblethrough right thinking. , We look asold as we think -and feel, becausethought and feeling maintain or changeour appearance in exact accordancewith their persistence or their variations. It is impossible to appearyouthful and remain young unless wefeel young. .Youthful thinking shouldbe a life habit Orison Swett MardenIn ChicagoDaily News. .IHlR BOURBON NEWSV PARIS, , KENTUCKYiParisReaders Can .No .LongerDoubt The EvidenceAgain and again we have read ofstrangers in distant towns who havebeen cured by this or that medicine.But Paris' pertinent question hasalways been "Has anyone here inParis been cured?" The word of astranger living a hundred mileoaway may be true, but it cannothave the same weight with . us asIhe word of our own citizens, whomwe know and respect, and whoseevidence we can so easily prove.Geo. McCandles, Second street,Paris, says: "My kidneys were inactive and had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put a stop to all thetroubles and they gave me completerelief.';No Trouble SinceOver four years later, Mr. McCandles said: "I haven't had any.need of a kidney remedy since I lastendorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. McCandles had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oOlive Oil Essential.Although olive oil as a food andmedicinal oil can be replaced verylargely by other vegetable oils, thereare one or two technical uses, woolspinning, for instance, for which noentirely satisfactory substitute has yetbeen found.romancePROVIDING FOR MAKING EXCAVATIONS IN THE STREETSOF THE CITY OF PARIS, FIXING THE REQUIREMENTS OFSAME AND PROVIDING FORREFILLING SUCH EXCAVATIONS AND RESURFACINGTHE STREET AND FIXING THECHARGE THEREFOR ANDPROVIDING A PENALTY FORTHE VIOLATION THEREOF.JULY 8, 1920.1. BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayorand Board of Council of the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, that it shallbe unlawful for any person, firmor corporation to break or cutthrough or make excavation in,upon or under any street in theCity of Paris for the purpose ofmaking connections or of repairing any sewer, gas or water pipesor for any other purpose withoutfirst having obtained permissionof the Board of Council at a regular meeting thereof, or, in caseof emergency, the written permission of the Mayor or Chairman ofthe Improvement Committee so todo.2. If any person, firm or corporationshall desire to break or cutthrough or excavate in, upon orunder any street of the City ofParis for the purpose of makingconnections or of repairing anysewer, gas or water pipe or forany other, purpose, he shall filewith the Mayor, Chairman of theImprovement Committee or Boardof Council, a written applicationsetting out in detail the work proposed to be done and the locationthereof, and shall at the same timedeposit with the City Treasurer asum sufficient to pay the cost ofresurfacing or making repairs tothat portion of the street disturbed, which sum shall be estimatedby the City Engineer or Improvement Committee.The Improvement Committee orits representative shall approve all. sewer connections before thebackfilling of same' by the contractor. All excavated materialfor either sewer, gas or water connections shall "be thoroughly tamped when restored, and shall bebrought up in layers not to exceedten inches before being well tamped. In case of rock refill thesame shall be placed in the trenchaccording to the engineer's directions and in no case shall any rockbe backfilled, until a foot of thebest of the excavated materialshall first been well tamped abovethe top of the service connection.After the backfilling has been accepted by the City, the contractorshall immediately remove all surplus materal and leave the workin a suitable manner before turning the same over to the City forresurfacing the street.The City shall then repair or resurface the street out of the fundsdeposited.Any person, firm or corporation who shall violate any of theprovisions of this ordinance shallbe guilty of a misdemeanor andupon conviction shall be fined inany sum not less than $5.00 normore than $50.00 for each offense. All ordinances in conflict withthis ordinance are hereby repealed.. This ordinance shall be in full forceand effect from and after its passage and publication as requiredby law..E. B. JANUARY.Mayor City of -Paris, Ky.Attest:J.W. HAYDEN, A . 'Clerk.QUESTION CLEARED UPAnONEWSPAPER, CHANGES HANDSIplay G. Lemon has sold his interest in the Messenger, n. dailv tiawcjpaper published at Mayfield, to hisbrother, Scott Lemon, and purchased the Enterprise, a weekly published at Smithland, from John L.Smith.Nearly 500 gjHn have registered ifor aU kinds of competitive athletics at the University of Oregon.An OrdinancePROVIDING A LICENSE FOR CAR-RYING ON THE BUSINESS OFAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAUOR AN EMPLOYMENT AGENCYAND FIXING.. THE LICENSETHEREOF AND PROVIDING APENALTY FOR THE VIOLA. TION THEREOF.JULY 8, 1920.BE IT ORDAINED by the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris, Kentucky, that each person, firm orcorporation engaged in the business of conducting an employmentbureau or employment agency inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, shallbe required to first obtain alicense therefore and pay an annual license tax of $250.00.Any person, firm or corporation,who shall engage in the businessof conducting an employment bureau or employment agency in theCity of Paris without first havingobtained a license so to do andpaying the tax thereof as hereinprovided shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon convictonshall be fined in any sum not lessthan $5.00 nor more than $100.00for each offense.This ordinance shall be in full forceand effect from and after its passage and publication as requiredby law. vE. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J. w. hayden;Clerk.(lOjly-lt)WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo) .""'lllWhen better automobiles are built, Buick will build themThe C.a.U 'For Sale100,00 good tobacco sticks forsale at the right Price-MARTIN BROS.(9-2t)Guy T. SkeltonPaper Hanging, Painting,rior Work a Specialty.125 Lamb Street, Claysville.E. T. Phone 638.2-4t)Inte-iGive a Thought to Music.I Pianos, Player Pianos, CabinetTalking Machines, recoids and music rolls at low prices.Also have slightly-used Mahogany Upright Piano, taken in exchange, at a bargain.Cash, or convenient terms may bearranged.We also do tuning and repairing.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(22june-tf)Big Auction SaleAntique Furniture, Etc.We. as agents for Mrs. A. R. Blount, will sell onWednesday and Thursday, July 14th and 15thbeginning at 10 o'clock a. m., the premises on Cypress Street, near theOld Bourbon College grounds, and better known as the Fretwell property, a lot of personal property.This sale will embrace a rare lot of household furniture, most ofwhich is antique and of the very best quality, consisting in part of ahandsome dining room suite; a number of bed room suites; rockers ofevery description; porch furniture; rugs; pictures; ornaments; china;cut glass and many other articles too numerous to mention.This will be one of the biggest furniture sales ever held in thecounty. Be sure and attend this sale and secure some of the manybargains.For further information call on Stanhope Wiedemann, on thepremises, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, atFarmers & Traders Bank Bldg.Cumb. 'Phone 450.Home 'Phone 394. (6-9-13)iP" iHiiinmiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiii liiiiiiniiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiminiimm iiimiiiniiimuWilliam K.ApxhitectrZST NATIONAL BANKIIIIIIIIUllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllA Life of HappinessCOMES into every home when theBuick Valve-In-Head motor cararrives.Nearly three millions of people todayenjoy the comfort and pleasure of thefive hundred thousand Buick cars inoperation.Each trip, every tour, or spin to townand back makes each passenger growmore enthusiastic over Buick operationfor it is built to fulfill all the needs offamily usage and yet so easily appliabte to any business acquirement orspecial duty.That is why you find Buick dealersbooking orders for the summer and fallmonths from motor car purchasers whoknow how essential Buick cars are intheir daily life.Prices f. o. b. Flint,Modal K-44Model K-45Model K-46$1595.00 Model K-47$1595.00 Model K-49$2235.00 Model K-50Prices Revised April I, '20: ix n ' 'S. Ball GarageTUESDAY, JULY 13, t$H.FoundNiAn automobile tire and rim.Owner can get same by1 provingproperty and paying for advertisement. "(C-tf) " GEO. BATTERTON.For RentA large front room, well ventilated, suitable for one or two gentlemen. Apply Robneel Apartments,3rd floor, No. 2. 'Phone 395.(9-2t)Notice to StockholdersThere will be a meeting of thestockholder of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company,Incorporated, at the First NationalBank, in Paris, Ky., on July 17th,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., for the purpose of electingofficers for the ensuing year.C. C. CLARKE, President.D W. PEED, Manager.(15-ld)OFHaqan & ybN& Enoineer.-Pa&i. KV.-.-I:wMichigan?$2465.00$1865.00$2895.00''4- v-T;10jly-lt)Cor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.ST ' '- K J. .&!. ju'S ","!W7?llr&.-.-T-!. rfL -? i ,"ZAMr- -rvwV',.KvWtt,rf&$?&-U:aa!FWi-:f-? -wv .X,"r1K--sT wyx4v" f"1 S-- r" ?y , ''S'.- - - t - o 4). TUESDAY, JULY 13, 192'0.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKYFAG1THWHI" ii, f-vw".-,"3 ; - -i-'f-.. . ! . r16799DIEDin New York City alone from kidney trouble last year. Don't allowyourself to become a victim byneglecting pains and aches. Guardagainst this trouble hy takingGOLD MEDALWAR TAX HUUNG.SSITie world's standard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.Holland's national remedy since 1696A1J druggists, three sizes. Guaranteed.iocb for tie name Gol3 Medal on every box&nd &ccepl no imitatioaMaking Sure.A story is told of a farmer who washaying trouble with his horse. Itwould start, walk about 20 yards orso, then stop for a few seconds andstart agTtfn, only to repeat the performance. After watching this exhibition for some time a friend overtookthe farmer during one of the horse'slong waits. "-What's the matter withthe horse?" he asked. "Is it lame?"'Not as I knows of," answered thefarmer very crossly, "but he's sodashed feared Til say 'whoa' and hewon't hear me, so he stops every nowand then to 'listen." The Tatler.INTERUIIBA1T SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexineton Por Paris TorParis LexingtonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 ' A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL C01HPANYcoSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKxTPtoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LensSestkwcat Career 4th and Ch twrt Sta.LOUISVILLE. KY.To avoid apparent confusion inthe minds of the public regardingThe collection of the tax on toiletarticles and proprietary medicines,the Bureau cf International Revenue, has issued a statement advisingboth dealers and purchasers thattax of 1 cent for each 25 cents orfraction thereof of the amount paidis on the article itself and not onthe total amount paid by the customer when two or more such articlesare purchased.For example, if a tube of toothpaste costs 35 cents and 'a bottle ofperfume 65 cents, the tax is 2 centaon the tooth paste and 3 cents onthe perfume, a total of 5 cents andnot 4 cents as computed on the totalamount paid by the purchaser.If toilet powder sells at 10 centsa box is one cent; if two boxes arebought the tax is two cents, although the to1 al amount paid by thepurchaser is 20 cents; and if threeboxes are bought for 25 cents, thetax is 3 cents.The regulation providing thatwhere two or more packages ofcough drops are sold for 25 centsthe tax shall be 1 cent is revoked,the tax being at the rate of 1 centfor each 25 cents or fraction thereofof the amount paid for a singlepackage.o5AYX "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material in apoor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in package."CORNS"Lift Right Off Without Painre"4XUDoesn't hint a bit! .Drop a littleFreezone" on an aching corn, in-sHtantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Tiuly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents,sufficient to remove every hard corn,soft corn, or corn between the tons,land the calluses, without sorenessJ or irritation.(adv-T-tf)oMillions in Salmon.Since the Columbia river salmoncanning industry was started bypioneer fishermen in 1876 a total ol$130,000,000 worth of salmon has beentaken from the 90,000 acres of fishingterritory in the river from Cascadelocks to its mouth. Brooklyn Eagle.Extension Telephone ServiceIn the OfficeExtension telephones, for connectionwith your present service in office or home,are now available.There is still a shortage of switchboardand of cable which prevents the installation ofnew telephones in some sections of the city,but this does not affect extension telephoneservice, on existing lines.Many offices have expanded so that additional extension telephones are needed.The time saved more than pays the smallmonthly charge.In the home there is no greater convenience than an extension telephone on theother floor or beside the bed.Call the manager's, office today and ar-.range for this service.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYiBCorperateel"CAN'T RECOMMENDfT TOO HIGHLY"Miller ' Was Forced By StomachTrouble and Rheumatism ToGive Up His Business"Nothing ever helped me until 1got Tanlac, and I hat's saying a gooddeal, for I have been trying for eightyears to get relief," said KobertMiller, 419 Market street, Louisville, Ky. Mr. Miller, who was inthe hardware business in Detroit forten years, was forced to retire eightyears ago on account of ill health,but is now feeling so well he isthinking of going back in busineasagain."Yes, sir, for eight years beforeI began taking Tanlac I had suffered from rheumatism and stomach,trouble," said Mr. Miller. "Therheumatism was principally in mlegs and back, and was so bad Icould hardly walk without a caneand if I stooped over the pain In myback was so severe it was all Icould do to keep from crying out.My stomach was so badly upsetnearly everything I ate hurt me,and I could not eat any solid food atall. I usually enjoyed my eveningmeal more than any other, butmost of the time I dared not 'eatarything at all at that time, for ifI did I would suffer from it ali nightlong. I had lost so much weightand was in such bad condition I wasgreatly worried over the outlook."One day I read where Tanlachad relieved a man who describedhis condition as being similar tomine, so I decided to try it myself,and I am surely glad I did, for 1am feeling better now than I havein years. My rheumatism is allgone, my stomach doesn't give meany more trouble, and I , can eatanything I want at any time of theday or night and never-have a particle of tiouble from it afterwards.I sleep well, have gained severalpounds in weight, and as I am stilltaking Tanlac I am picking up andfeeling better and better every day.After what Tanlac has done for meI don't think I can recommend ittoo highly."Tanlac is sold in Paris at thePeoples Pharmacy. (adv)BRISTOW WITHDRAWS PROMRACE FOR CONGRESSJudge L L. Bristow, of Georgetown has withdrawn as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forCongress in the Seventh district,leaving A. B. Hammond, of Irvine,who was Congressman Cantrill's opponent two years ago, as his party'sanly candidate, thus avoiding thenecessity of Republican participation in the primary in this districtin August. In his letter asking thathis name be withdrawn, JudgeBristow states that when he fileddeclaration papers he was under theimpression that no Republican hadoffered for the nomination, andsince he had learned Mr. Hammondis a candidate he was unwilling toput the State to the expense of conducting a primary in the district.riAHTravelinExpenscsfT JKR12s.w...... ,,!Printing is a SalesmanWho Tr a veil CheaplyTraveling expenses1 cent!Good printing oncosts you little and doesmuch for you.Use more printedsalesmanship. Ask us.:Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.Iced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen Vegetables:Il1X511iBoth PhonesFree DeliverySpCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Garrett Jefferson has asguest Mrs. Minnie Norris Thompson, of Maysville.Miss Elizabeth Keimey, ofParis, is a guest of Miss Sallie Anderson, in Georgetown.Miss Zerelda Baxter, of Richmond, is visiting friends and relatives in this city.Misses Frances Golden andNorma Dykes have returned to theirhomes in Richmond.Miss Lola Cravens, of nearParis, is visiting Miss PrinciaGaines, in Georgetown.Mrs. Fannie Paton Hutson, ofIndianapolis, Ind., is a guest of hersister, Mrs. Ossian Edwards.Mrs. gtanhope Wiedemann andchildren have returned from a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Purcell, m Lexington.Mrs, Clarence Plummer has returned to her duties at Jackson, after a visit to her parents, in thiscity.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith and Mrs.Goldsmith have returned to theirhome in Mt. Sterling after a visit tofriends in this city.Miss Ruth Soper, who recentlyunderwent an operation for the removal of tonsils, is improving at herhome on Cypress street.Warren Rogers, of St. Paul,Minn., is visiting relatives in thiscity and county. Mr. Rogers is aformer resident of the county.Mrs. R. P. Taylor and Mrs. E.S. Taylor have returned to iheirhomes in Winchester after a visitto Mr.' and Mrs. John Yerkes, in thiscity.Mrs. M. J. Murphy, Misse5Mary and Catherine Murphy an&Grace Haskins, of Paris, have goneto Atlantic City, for an extendedstay.Miss Elmeta Hinton, of Paris,was one of the guests at a dancegiven by the Winchester Golf Club,at the club house, on the Boonesboro road last week.Mrs. J. E. Barnett and sonhave returned to their home inWanshington, D. C, after a vfrit tofriends and relatives in P-iris and inthis immediate vicinity.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Skillman aremaking a ten-days' visit to friendsand relatives in Detroit, Mich. Ontheir return they will stop in Manchester, Ohio, for a short visit.Mrs. Lonnie Giaves has beenh.ostess to the following members ofa house party at her home near thiscity: Miss Effie Hill, of Switzer;Mr. and Mrs. Glenn Rives, of Nashville, Tenn.; Miss Yola Sharpe, ofLexington; Mr. and Mrs. Lancaster,of Wilm'ore, and Travis Jackson, ofParis, j..jv.(.. 'i" "v 1Miss Pauline Purcell entertained lecently at her home inLexington with a biidge luncheon,in honor of Mrs. Herbert Bonnie, ofLouisville, guest of Miss Lida ClayIn gels. The hostess was assisted inentertaining by her sister. Mrs.Stanhope Wiedemann, of Paris. After the games a delicious luncheonwas served. The house and tableswere decoratPd with daisies andbluettes.(Other Personals on Page 5)oRECORD NUMBER TEACHERSTAKING SUMMER COURSEThe hiSt examination for teachers' certificates, showed a markedimprovement over the former one,accordinsr to Superintendent ofPublic Instruction George Colvin.Thern Aas little evidence of copyinr and this was confined to two orihive counties which are now beinginvestigated, he said.As a result of this method of cer1 ip cat ion Superintendent Coiviii?ays there are more teachers. attending summer schools in theAwonormal and at the University ofKentucky than at any time in thenhistory. Better prepared teachers,he said, means better taught schools,better taught schools means bettereducated children and better educated children means a highei typeof citizenship.At the last examination therewere 1,527 applicants for elementary certificates, 484 elementary certificates of the first grade issued and5H7 of the second grade. Therevere forty applicants for State certificates and eighteen issued. Thetotal number of certificates issuedwere 1,097, with 450 failures.oUNDERTAKERS CUT FUNERALCOSTS.( Coui ier-J ournal )Every family in the United Stateswhich has had a funeral in the lastyear can thank the Kentucky undertakers for a saving of from $5 to$20 and even more. This applies toLouisville, in the center of theUnited States, and to the farthermost points in the North, East,South or West. This was broughtout at the opening session of the annual convention of the Funeral Directors' Association of Kentuckyin the auditorium of the TylerHotel. The saving was made possible by reason of the initiative takenby the Kentucky funeral directorsto bring about the revocation of a5 per cent, war tax on caskets andcoffins, which would have placedthose articles, from the standpaintof taxation, in the list, of "luxuries." When you consider the average saving and the number offunerals in the United States in ayear, you will realize the manymillions of dollars saved the people," said the State Secretary, W.E. Pearson, Louisville. The fight ofthe Kentucky Association was reviewed by President W. -G-.JDunlap,Danville, in a report and" by thecommittee representing the directors. . vs En-Ar-Co National Motor Oil l$TtvJwl The less you pay for motor oil the U TX ft0!? Ii.,costs- En-ar-co National LTTMotor Oil costs less because it goes Uf .) ?rth(.. The better the grade the Wh ., bger ;the trade and that's why we jit 'v ll a g business. WISvffl ou" G' R- BURBERRY 1y I Phone 277-J CenterviHe, Ky. HK;WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJnnelSSmm5$1Attention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market FrorYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.gagigigaiisiiirgisygrgii;agiaiAj-miUse Liverpool Salt!Will not harden in the barrel. Can foehad at either end of town. Sold byCollier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257miimiiHiii.mi-a:--w-e-sa5MsaWSWi51EEMNi3HaM5asa5i3Bsasi-diBiajaaagg.-A.isamwAnd Now we are Making Contracts ForHBBBBVBBBBflpFallPaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer busi- 'ness. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect your ,house from the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.PARIS, KENTOekYB Home Phone 399"Xii .JVjfa,u tIf. .J-V"J.V.5...JSVirfr.Mf-; T$W. &. HPr : . . ,t-riML,-,'fyrFf j:-FAGSMUtTHE BOURBONNEWS,paris;.. KentuckyJ'-TUESDAY, JUIY U? If 20-t'? - ff ' r ,i. "V1UEAD THIS, GISIS!f The tlonde maidens of the Rhineapparently have no attractions fortwo Kentucky soldiers. They de' scribe themselves in a letter to THENEWS, as being very lonesome, indeed. They hope that among thegirls of Paris or vicinity may befound two Mith whom they may enter into correspondence. But letthem speak for themselves:"THE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.:"Two lone soldiers with the American forces in Germany wish someyoung lady to write to them. Theirnames are as follows:"CORP. GEORGE STOPHER,"PVTE. WILLIAM YOUNG,"Company I, Fifth Infantry, SecondBrigade, A. F. G.""MICKEY" IS DEADBIG AUCTION SALE OF ANTIQUEFURNITURERead advertisement m anothercolumn for description of antiquefurniture to be sold July 14-15.Property of Mrs. R. A. Blount. Saleon the premises at 10 a. m. For further information, see Stanhope Wiedeman, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(6-9-13) Agents.TRISONEFcTAKENFOBT.TO FBANK-"Mickey," the Irish terrier belonging to Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChamp, and known to almost everyone in Paris, was accidently killedFriday by being run over by an automobile. "Mickey" came to Parisfrom the Penn Square Kennels, inPhiladelphia. In condolences expressed by Mr. Frank P. Smith-, prourietor of the Penn Square Kennels,he added the following eloquenttribute paid by the late U. S. Senator George G. Vest, of Missouri,said to have been the most feelingtribute to a dog ever paid:ine Desc inena a man nas mthis world may turn against himand become his enemy. His son ordaughter that he has reared withloving care may prove ungrateful.Those who are nearest and dearestto us, those whom we trust with ourhappiness and our good name, maybecome traitors to their faith. Themoney that a man has he may lose.It flies away from him, perhapswhen he needs it mest. A man'sreputation may be sacrificed in amoment of ill-considered action.The people who are prone to fall antheir knees to do us honor whensuccess is with us may be the firelto throw .the stone of malice whenfailure settles its cloud upon ourheads. The one absolutely unselfishfriend that man can have in thisselfish world, the one that .neverdeserts him, the one that neverDPT TrTYrTO ' ZThe regular schedule of services will be held at the Presbyterian church Sunday, as follows.Sunday School at 9:30, morningworship at 11:00, Christian Endeavor 6:45, evening worship 7:30.Sermons by the pastor.Rev. W. P. Crouch has accepteda call to remain as pastor of theCarlisle Christian church for another year. He has been granted anincrease in salary. Very recentlyRev. Crouch was presented with acheck for $100 by the Sundayscnooi, in appreciation or nis services as teacher.There will be a banquet atthe Christian church for the members of the church on Friday night,July 16. This banquet is given forthe promotion of the "World Movement" of the Disciples of Christ.We hope every man, woman andchild will be present. Come earlyand get acquainted with those whoyou do not know. The time set forthe banquet is 7:30. Come!THE FINANCE COMMITTEE.OPIE READ SAYS COX SURE TOWIN.Opie Read, the noted writer andlecturer, who spoke here Fridajnight on the Redpath Chautauquaprogram, says Gov. Cox, the Democratic candidate for the Presidency,is sure to win his race. Read is aRepublican in politics and in hisearlier years made public speechesfor McKinley: He was associatedintimately with Senator Harding,the Republican nominee during oneof their Chautauqua ' engagements,speaking in the afternoon, whileHarding spoke at night. He knowsboth of the candidates personallyand very intimately, and his prophecy as to Cox's chences may beland! as coming from one in au-tnority. Mr. Read is a native Kentuckian, and has been engaged innewspaper and literary work all hislife. His intimate knowledge ofpolitics a.nd men in public life warrants the assertion that his estimate of Cox's chances may be takenas an accurate one.Cincinnati, the distributing pointfor a large scope of territory, including' Kentucky. Nearly all thefruit, or at least, the largest portion,shipped from the South, passesthrough Paris over the Louisville &Nashville.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR JAILEREd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can,didate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.CHAMPION ITSH STORYJulius Ayers, alias Son Hawkins,colored, convicted and sentenced atthe recent term of Bourbon CircuitCourt for breaking into the clothingstore of Stanton Rummans. wastaken to Frankfort by DeputySheriff Robt. 'M. Gilkey. Ayers hasfive years lo serve. This wayAyers' second conviction and secondsentence. His removal leaves onlytwo prisoners in the county jail.oBARGAINS IN HAMMOCKS.We have a few Couch Hammocks left in stock that canbe bought at a liberal dis-! heavenscount. Better call early.A. P. WHEELER & CO.(June29-tf)The Inter-church World Movement is to be continued "on a greatly modified scale." This was votedfor by the General Committee inproves ungreateful or treacherous, is ,, . commit'of 15 was appointed to confer withATTENTION, UNIFORM RANK.Regular meeting of A. J. LovelyCo., No. 34, Uniform Rank, Knightsof Pythias, will be held to-morrownight, Wednesday, July 14, at 7:30 dog be found, his head between hiso ciocjs. .ousiness or importance.Full uniform requested. Be sure tobe among those present.WM. W. DUDLEY, ' Capt.his do"A man's dog stands by him inprosperity and in poverty, in healthand in sickness. 'He will sleep onihe cold ground, where the winterywinds blow and the snow drivesfiercely, if only he may be near hismaster's side. He will kiss the handthat has no food to offer, he will lickthe wounds and sores that come inencounter vith the roughness of theworld. He guards the sleep of hispauper master as if he were aprince. When all other friends desert he remains. When riches takewings and reputation falls to pieceshe is as constant in his love as thesun in its journey through theIf fortune drives the mas-jler fortn an outcast in the world,j friendless and homeless, the faithfuli dog asks -no higher privilege thanjuf accompanying him to guardagainst danger, to fight against hisenemies, and when the last secnes ofall comes, and death takes the master in its embrace, his body is laidaway in the cold ground, no matterif all other friends pursue their way,there by his graveside will the noblePure SoapIs cheap enough so that nc one needsto buy an inferior article. No needof spoiling your complexion andToughing their skin by using a poorsoap. We have all the best brands.Cuticura Soap 30cWoodberry's Soap 25cCashmere Bouquet 25cLayman's Soap .. 18cPalmoline Soap 12cResinol Soap 30cPeroxide Bath .. ..10cJohnson's Foot Soap 30cBlack and White Soap 25c.Physician's & Surg. Soap 13cSkin Success Soap 30cJerguis Violet Glyc 13cGlover's Soap 30eCarbolic and Sulphur Soap . . . .25cNadine Soap 25cpaws, his eyes sad, out open in aiertwatchfulness, faithful and true evento death."BARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADESPorch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, regular $6.00 swingsat $4.50;regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8 50. GenuineAerolux porch Shades at 25per cent off regular price.These are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER PURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)oPAPERS WAITED.i R. J. SHEA; : PEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.representatives- of the 30 denomination co-operating and to recommenda plan of re-organization. A budgetof $75,000 was authorized andchurches were called on to meettheir obligations.A number of important Methodist gatherings will be held duringthe next few weeks at the Kavanaugh Camp Grounds, Crestwood,near Louisville. The first will bethat of the Conference TrainingSchool for the two conferences.Louisville and Kentucky, which willopen on July 20 and continuethrough July 26. This will be followed July 29 to August 3, by aconvention of the Methodist Girls'Missionary Society, and on August5 a camp meeting will begin to continue through August 15. thepreaching to be done by the Rev.Carl Gregory, of Owensboro.A number of Sunday School specialists have been secured to conductthe school, among them Prof. J. H.Montgomery, Richmond, Va., whowill be general director: Miss MaryAlice Jones, South Carolina, primary work; Miss Bruce McDonald,South Carolina, junior work; theRev. C. O. Shugart, Texas, youngpeople's work; the Rev. EmmetlHightower, Nashville, adult worker;Dr. E. B. Crooke, Virginia, pupilstudy; Prof. B. T. Spencer, Winchester, Ky., method of teaching; thsRev. Dr. W. R. Zourne, Louisiana,organization and administration.MEMORIAL WOUND CERTIFICATES TO BE ISSUED tIn order to complete our filesTHE NEWS wants several copies ofthe issue of Tuesday, June 22. Anyone havine: a codv or conies of thisissue for which they have no .fur- jther use, will confer quite a favorby mailing or bringing them tothis office. We will greatly appreciate this knidness.. as the papersare needed.HAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop offtobacco against Hall withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)Memorial certificates to the nearest of kin of men who died while inmilitary service during the war andwound certificates to those whowere wounded in the war will beissued within a short time, according to a communication from theWar Department, received by thearmy recruiting station at Lexington. The memorial certificates willbear the fascimile of the signitureof the President, as will also thewound certificates. Where it appears that a person entitled to awound certificate has died since hisdischarge from the service, the certificate will be issued to the nearestkin. ,No application for the certificatesis necessary and correspondenceconcerning them is discouraged.The wound certificates will be prepared and mailed first.Here's the champion fish storv ofthe season, although the season isnot so very old just yet:While , fishing on the "rockyshore." on Stoner Creek, a few milesfiom Paris, Jerry Wilson, coloredfisherman, made what is perhapsthe most remarkable cafch that hasbeen recorded among local fishermen. Wilson was fishing without acork, and felt a slight nibble, like anelectric thrill, running from the tipof his fishing rod. He drew in theline and was astonished to find firmly attached to the hook a string offish, comprising two large bass, fivecatfish and a bream of good size. Allof the fish were still alive, and hadevidently been recently caught. Thefish which bit at the bait was thelast one on the string. They hadevidently escaped from some fisherman up stream a short time before,and had floated down to where theybecome unintentionally on their partor on the pari of Wilson, his game.There is no chance now for theowner to indentify them.O :HAS AEM BROKEN.While cranking his automobileyesterday Mr. Boone Baldwin, member of the grocery firm of BaldwinBros., had his right arm broken,when the crank slipped, strikinghim on the member. He was removed to his hime, where the injured member was given medical attention.iStarting Slighting BatterJr mJ mis a FIGHTING BATTERYVyo-I. & N. BUSINESS RUSHING.On account of heavy shipments ofmelons and fruits from the Southern growers, business aver the Louisville & Nashville through Paris isrushing. Train crews are kept onthe go day and night hauling theperishable stuffs. Through trainsloaded with fruit shiDments are odaiiy occurrence here at present.The shipments are made direct toDuring the war it was used as auxiliary power onUncle Sam's big battleships, for turret turning, forgun firing, for wireless and for many other vitalpurposes.It is a fighting battery, indeed, all the time, in peaceas well as war. It is fighting the starting and lighting battles of motorists all over the country; fightingthem and winning them.A" r&e" Battery in your car will put a sturdy,willing and dependable power supply behind yourstarting and lighting system. It will do for youexactly what it is .doing for hundreds of thousandsof other car owners, making ffA Sure Start Assured"a proved fact.Let us show you why. .. -Bourbon Exide Service Station209 Main Street Telephone 307?BIG AUCTION SALE OF ANTIQUEFURNITUREThe State Mutual LifeAssurance Companyof Worcester, MassachusettsIncorporated 1844-The sane, safe, reliable and trustworthy organizationwhich has served policy-holders honestly andfairly for the last seventy-six yearsBegs to Announce the Appointment ofMITCHELL & SONAS AGENTSFor Paris and the Surrounding Country-tRead advertisement in anothercolumn for description of antiquefurniture to be sold July 14-15!.Property of Mrs. R. A. Blount. Saleon the premises at 10 a. m. For further information, see Stanhope Wietdeman, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(6-9-13) Agents. 1oTAX PAYERS NOTICE.Tax payers are hereby notified that our office in theCourt House is now open andready for business. Call andgive in your list early. Don'tdelay and be compelled tppay a penalty, which is $50.00.If you are sick, notify us andwe will call on you.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO.J. REDMON, Deputy. 5ctftfflHtfZZS( OFFICE INFIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDINGBOTH PHONES-UTILES FOR SWIMMERSTom' Robinson, veteran dwiiaming coach, presents these rules forswimmers:Wait at least an hour after eating before swimming. VDo nol go in bathing alone. Thereis safety in numbers.Never accept an invitation to ridein a canoe if you can nor swim.In entering the water keep thehands under so if you step into ahole you can immediately startswimming.In learning to swim move towardthe shore; never swim away fromthe bfeach. tKeep out of water if you are subject to heart trouble.Never swim until exhaustedDon't "show off."If caught in the undertow, 2try at"once to float. giearn tnem Dy heart. - , iv -Remember them when You'comtfJiear the bathing, beach tSpecial Prices OnSummer Suitstl For a few days we are going to offer acool proposition in giving, special prices onall our Summer Suits. While we have sold lotsof Summer Suits, we still have plenty to selectfrom.You can find comfort now in one of thesesuits at o small cost. .Splendid styles in newcolorings and patterns.GET YOURS TO-DAY !$20.00 Suits Cut To$ 1 6.50$27.50 Suits Cut To$22.50A. a. Kirschbaum ComwuxNECKWEARAt Special PricesThis Week OnlyYou'll be glad we are offer ine this sripnioi rwv,xo oxx uC setting tnc oest si kscolor tones and patterns.in newest55c75c NECKWEARCut to$1.00 NECKWEARCut toI.DU JNECKWEAR fpt.4Cut to 3l. lO$2.00 NECKWEAR gmCut to 3M.OO75cT! i. ..i M. i T" ass&ri 7liR P. WALSHand MainMITCHELLW. E. MITCHELLStore-&: r-t. .. . -' .uc ,U4w !.. i i - i my: - "jci mem in uma dots, -wneyou, visit the oirsw4immiksholr. '" fAar-t .' av ---X"J.v t isI. w r . AParte, Kk."aJ'.'Vt-iw . -.,:!. .All A,. . . . .. &$&. 'iV' Vy-'1T.v-v i"v,V ?'-J..,V.1V, ?WTHE BOURBON NEmf JPlRIS, KENTUCKY.VTUESDAY, JULY 13, 1920..vJb-fAG FIVrh. j4tfc-rJjur c&:FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCEFor tobacco hail insurance'eggMcCLURE & DONALDSON,Agents,First National Bank Bldg.(july2-tf)oTHE BEST IS THE CHEAPESTThe best tea for iced tea to be nadis a special brand we are now sell-.ing. it lasu's uener ana goesfurther than ihe so-called "cheaper"teas. Tit a pound to-day.C. P. COOK & CO.o u.KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS PICNIC.Advance Notice Arrange youraffairs so that you can attend thefrig Knights of Columbus picnic, atParis, Ky., Wednesday, August, 4.Details later.oSCHOOL WARRANTS CALLED IN.State Treasurer James A. Wallacehas issued a call for interest-bearingschool warrants amounting toS1S5, 895.62. The warrants wereiued February 14, 1920, and aretnumbered from 570 to 605, inclusive. Interest ceases July 24.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WHEN YOU TRAVELYou want good looking luggage,the kind you won't be ashamed of.That ki'ld you will find here suitcases, hand-bags, wardrobe trunks.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Jewell-Hawthorne Motor Co.,of Lexington, reports the sale of aChalmers Coupe Car to Mrs. JamesDuncan Bell, of Paris. W- M. Phillips & Co. report the sale of aFranklin touring car to James L.Dodge, of Paris.oWAR MOTHERS MEETThe Bourbon county branch ofthe Kentucky War Mothers Association, held an important meeting inthe County Court room in the courthouse yesterday afternoon at twoo'clock. Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft,president, presided. Considerablebusiness of importance was transasted at the meeting, which waswell attended.LOCAL WHEAT MARKETThe wheat crop in Bourboncounty seems to be excellent, withgood-sized stalks, headings largeand kernels firm. The crop seemsto be better than usual, many fieldsindicating a yield of thirty to fortybushels to the acre. Local millersand dealers quoted $2.65 perbushel as the opening price yesterday. The wheat harvest is now onand deliveries will soon, begin.LoBLUE SERGE SUIT SALESpecial prices on all-wool blueserge suits; all sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.AWONDERFUL DEMONSTRATION OF MAZOLA OIL.All the women folk and most ofhe ojon. are "EimE crazy" over oildressing. If you want a ecipe formaking the best in the world, callat our store to-day, where an expert demonstrator is showing freeof charge how to make this dressingin a simple manner without the useof a dripper, ice or machine of anykind. The kind of oil used is the famous Mazola Oil. Call to-day it'sfree.TURNER & CLAHTTON,(It) Shea's Old Stand.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.aDr2-tf)Miss Laura Kiser continuesquit ill at her home on Main street.Miss Rebecca Purnell is visiting Miss Anita Hatterick, in Cynthiana. "-Miss Mildred Collins has returned from a two-weeks' vacationspent at Mackinac Island, Michigan.-Mrs. James Lail has returnedto her home in Batavia. Ohio, aftera visit to relatives in this city andcounty.,." Mrs- k- M. Tribble returnedSaturday from a sojourn at theCarlsbad Springs, Dry Ridge, inGrant county.Mrs. Robert J. Neely left Saturday ior an extended stay at Montreal North Carloina.Mrs. P. H. Lane, of Philadelphia, was the guest of Mrs. SwiftChampe, Saturday and Sunday.ienryL. Nippert, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is a guest of hisbrother, Phil Nippert, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Hershel Humble,and daughter, of Somerhet. are theguests of Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson. Miss' Augusta Glass, who hasbeen the guest or Mrs. SwiftChampe, has returned to her home inVirginia.James W. McClure, Jr., Cashier of the First National Bank, hasreturned from a visit to his wifeand babe, in Chicago.B. R. Dickerson, who has beenseriously ill at his home in this cityfor several days, was reported yesterday 'as being slightly improved.Horace Redmon will leave today for Marton, South Carolina,where he will take a clerical position with a large tobacco brokeragefirm.Mrs. Rufus Lisle and Miss Elizabeth Bush have returned to theirhomes in Winchester, after a visitlo Mr. and Mrs. White Varden, onVine street.Frank Farmer, of Harriman.Tenn., is here to spend a fe dayswith his family at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Jas. W. Earlywine,- onMain street.P. J. McCord has returnedfrom Ewing, where he attended thepicnic and social entertainmentgiven by the Odd Fellows' lodges ofFleming county.Walter McCann returned to hishome in Chicago, Saturday, after avisit of several days to his niece,Miss Jessie Brown, and other relatives in this city.Mrs. John Lewis Thomas andchildren and Mrs. Charles Thomashave returned to their homes inMidway after a visit to relatives andfriends in this city.Mr. John Albert Kiely returnedto his home in Covington, after apleasant week's visit to his grandmother, Alio. E. C. Kiely, and family, on High street.Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth and children are at home from a twomonths' visit to her parents. Mr.and Mrs. James H. Shropshire, nearLeesburg, in Harrison county.J. E. Soper, representing thePower Grocery Co., of Paris, is backon his territory after a long illness.His old customers and friends areglad to ee him back on the job.Miss Mary D. Vanderen, of Lexington, and her guest, Miss Margaret W. Hobbs, of Cincinnati, havereturned to the former city after avisit to friends in this city andcounty.Rev. T. S. Smylie and bridewill return Thursday evening fromDermott, Ark., where they havebeen visiting Mr. Smilie's parentswiches were served during the afternoon." Mrs. P. M. Stromberg, ofGalesburg, Ills., is visiting her sister, Mrs. C B. Harrison, on Fifteenth street.Mrs. Woolford Ewalt and twolittle sons have returned from -ivisit to Mr. and Mrs. Lather Ewaltand other relatives at Lair.Mr. S. M. Heller, General Manager of the Central Home Telephoneand Telegraph Company, has returned to Louisville after spending several days at Paris inspecting hiscompany's lines in Bourbon, Harrison and Nicholas counties.Miss Ruby Jane Houston hasreturned to her home in Paris froma visit to friends in Cincinnati, andDayton, Ohio. In the latter cityshe was a member of a house partyentertained by Miss Mary LouiseChandler.The Elks' Cotillon Club, ofWinchester, gave another of theirsuccessful dances in the Elks' Clubball room in that city Friday night.Among those in attendance wereMisses Martha Talbot t and ElmetaHinton and Fithian Arkle and Barnett Winters, of Paris.Winchester Sun: -'Miss Martha Talbott, of Paris, was a guest ofMiss Elizabeth Van Meter for thedance given by the Elks' Club Friday evening. .. .Mr. Wheeler Ectonis visiting friends and relatives inParis. From there he will go toHot Springs, Ark., to visit hiomother, Mrs. Dora Elkin .... Mr. W.S. Hall 'has returned from a visit tofriends in Paris. . . .Miss ElemetaHinton, of Paris, is a guest of MissEmily Van Meter Brs. VaughnDrake has returned from a visit toMiss Frances Clay, in Paris."(bother Personals on Page 3).oHORSES FOR THE BIG NEWYORK SALE.AND STILL THEY COMEWe Have Them From AllDirectionsArthur B. Hancock and CharltonClay, of Paris, will send a consignment of thoroughbred horses to th?Fasig-Tipton public sale to be heldin Saratoga, in New York, nextmonth, when a large number of finethoroughbreds will be sold. TheBourbon county consignment will besold under the hammer on Aug. G.Because of the unusual demandfor horses and the high prices thatare being quoted for transactionsthis year it is believed that theyearling sale at Saratoga will breakall previous records. Nearly all thesales business in the country will beconcentrated at Saratoga nextmonth. E. J. Tranter, manager ofthe Fasig-Tipton Co., is of the opinion that the yearlings that will beoffered at this sale will bring notless than one million dollars.PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, July 13 Peggy Hyland, in "Black Shadows;"William Duncan, in thrilling seriai,"The Silent Avenger;" Prizma Colorpicture. To-morrow, Wednesday, July 14.Enid Bennett, in "The Woman InThe Suit Case;" Twelfth episode of"The Lost City;" Topics of TheDay.Thursday, July 15 Douglass,McLean and Doris May, in "Mary'sAnkle;" Sunshine Comedy; Vod-a-VilMovies.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.It's our merchandise and our prices that appealto the people.Money saved is money made. If you can savefrom 20 to 40 per cent on your purchases it's certainlyworth your time, even if you have to come 25 or 30miles.Read these prices and see what a saving at Simon's Going Out of Business Sale.We still have Wide Rib- -i q i oqbon at, per yard ' cUlU vk.Fine Dress Ginghams 29cA lot of White Goods up to 90c value pQat OJ7CA large lot of Taffetas in darks, lights,stripes and plains, up to $3.50 dj-i novalues, now at P 0One lot of Messalines r- qpQX, ...... ....... ............... i... KAll Crepe de Chenes dj-j noat .... .... ..... rAll GeorgettesNow at$1.96Voiles at very low prices.VA lot of 30c Towels oiat lCReady to Wear and Millinery at reducedprices.Hats at half price.One lot of Fine Dresses, values f q 7cup to $30.00, at ...Pla. DOne lot of Fine Dressesat(Worth Double.)$29.50HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYHIGH COST OP DYINGAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Paris Cemetery Co.,the price of single graves in theCemetery was increased to $1.0.50and that of digging graves wasraised to $10. Thus does old H. C.Thev will he at home nt tho manso. L. Dursue weary mortals even toTHINGS TO WOEHY ABOUT.Patrons of the Grand OperaHouse have made nunierous complaints of the view of pictures heing obstited by persons passingin front Rthe piojecting machine,in seeking'seats in the balcony.THE NEWS does not know what theremedy might, could or should be,hut it is a self-evident fact that ithas become very annoying. Just atsome time when there is somethingthrilling being projected on thescreen, vthe view of those on thelower floor is temporarily obstructedby the passing of people in front ofthe machine. Especially is theeclipse noticeable when the head ofthe obstructionist is adorned by apicture hat.WEEK'S WEATHER GUESSjThe weather predictions for theOhio VaJlev for the week beginningyesterday, as sent out by theWeather Bureau at Washington, isM followi:Generally fair, except local thunderstorms about the middle of theweek; seasonal temperatures.Heavy rains fell Sunday morningthroughout this section, supplementing the good work dp-ne forgardens and growing- crops by previous rains.- The streams ot thecounty are flushed with fregh waterand ponds kave jdsq received an increase of isofoture. ' The rainscawed a aUskt do in the temperature, brifiiiac'" relief fifow, the Mhtense heat of precdiac days. ,on Duncan avenue.Walter S. Meng and WilliamCollirs, of North Middletown, leading Jersey hog breeders of CentralKentucky, lefr Saturday for NorthCarolina, to attend a series of salesto he held in that State.Mrs Arch Grosney and son,,Christy, have returned to theirhome in Menzies, Penldeton county,after a visit to their uncle and aunt,Mr. and Mrs. John L. Day, on theCane Ridge road, -near Paris.Allen M. Kiser arrived Saturday night from the ConfederateHome, at Pewee Valley. Mr. Kiserwas summoned home by the .seriousillness of his daughter, Miss LauraKiser, at her home on South Mainstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. Anderson and babe, of Lexington, willleave this week for Les Cheneaux,Mich., to spend the rest of the summer, having leased Mr. John Stoll'ssummer cottage there. Mrs. Anderson was formerly Miss Hazel Cottingham, of Paris.Miss Anna Ware Myers has returned to her home in this city,from Louisville, where she was amember of a house party being entertained by Miss Elizabeth StuartCarter, formerly of Paris. Otherguests were Misses Louise Borgerand Louise Parrish, of Lexington,and Etta Mae Stanley, of Anita,Kansas.Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary for the Kentucky ConferenceSunday School work, returned Sunday from Lake Junaluska, NorthCarolina, where he had been attending the meeting of field secretariesof the Southern Methodist SundaySchools. Before returning Mr. Snappvisited friends at Waynesville, N. C,and other points in the South.One of the social events of themid-summer season will be the midsummer Dance, to be given at theMasonic Temple, on Wednesdayevening, July 21. The hurs will hefrom 9:00 to 3:00. Music will hefurnished for the dancers byevening, July 21. The hours will bea subscription affair. The committee in charge will be James McClintock and William Rogers.Owensboro Inquirer: "MissMary Beverly Woolfolk was hostess at a pretty five hundred partyat the Ceuntry. Club, "honoringMisses Jfary France Wilson. Lexington; Juliet Turner, PaVis; Kathyn Meeklyn, Butler, Pa. The' prizeJoe hiftfuacore wa won byt MrgJObuty fand "Miss juiieTyrurner wontheir last resting place in the bosomof old Mother Earth.BASE BALL.MiMLaiSjM&MThe team from Blue Licks, inteam into camp in a game played onthe Isgri gg grounds, Sunday afternoon by a score of 78 to 6.Lost WatchBetween E. F. Spears & Sons'office on Pleasant street and Charlton ' Clay's, on the Winchester pikeyesterday, a seven-jewel Elgin goldopen-face watch, with K. of P. fobattached. Return to this office andreceive suitable rewar. 13-tf)lailInsurance!Insure Your TobaccoNow50 Acre $ 3.50100 Acre $ 7.00150 Acre $10.50200 Acre $14.00Season Starts July 10Phone us now 45YERKESPEEDthe guest prise., Pumchvaud 'Mnd- ott). "WrnvwuLv -aurl i Trailrcll9-n1r-vry&&C2X.PAius,:inr.!JV-WxWhyNotBuyTheBest?.AutomaticRefrigeratorsAre.' ft " wvjfif'Y ' k$.rVt.hr--'.1sTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 ' PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTHHearse-MoUr Invalid Coech-lhWHafclugtirj,r SAKJ"v Ji-v -,i.t1-gjgiflAdftffiifr T ffiTiiirau f Vir -,v : ..&&z .... i.a,A.1 . .V-?- fe 1 -r pacshxTHE BOURBON NBWS,s,x4Ji?MESSAGE OF HOPET.tkt Afflicted,Tboe who despair of ever again be'coming well and Strong will find thatBulgarian Blood Teafla tha purest and moat effective medi(cina lor the human system. To sweetenjtka stomach; gently move the bowels.utb the poison-clof ged kidneys andJamrich the waakj starved bloody thistare herb madicxnal tonic is a real giftirosatra, fcMbyalinmccbt-REMIND REPUBLICANS OFISH USE OF MONEYLAV-IWHOLESALERS TO PAY 1 CENTGASOLINE TAXThe 1-cent gasoline tax for theState road fund will be paid by thewholesalers direct to the CountyClerks, instead of being' collectedfrom the retailers after August 1.This plan was agreed upon at a con-, to nrotect the ballot from the conference held in Frankfort, attended . tamination of corrupt practices. Weby representatives of most of the d h deiinquencies and in-wholesalers, the State Tax Commls- j f . . , vi,voK.e iiieir ttei i jjujjuicii icuun-c,The following strictures in theDemocratic platform on account ofthe recent Republican convention,which Mr. Cummings aptly described as an "auction" rather thana convention, are eminently well deserved: "The shocking disclosure of thelavish use of money by aspirantsfor the Republican nomination withthe recent convention of a Republican Senator from the State of Michigan foi the criminal transgressionof the law limiting expenditures onbehalf of a candidate for the UnitedStates Senate, it indicates the reentry under Republican auspices ofmoney as an influential factor inelections, thus nullififing the latterand flaunting the spirits of numerous laws enacted by the peoplesion and Attorney General CharlesI. Dawson. Until that date, retailers will hve to pay the taxthemselves.BITTER SWEETS.Speaking of sugar, there was atragedy experienced in Canada bya body of 'French monks who migrated thither. They knew that apopular sweet was obtained fromthe famous Tree of Canada, sothey went forth into the woods andtapped and collected sap and boiledit down and put their maple syrupupon the market in beautiful packages. But alas, nobody would eat-it! Investigation desclosed thatthe holy men, in their abundantand unquestioned faith, had tappedevfry old tree near the monastery,and this boiled-down juice frompine, hickory, spruce, maple, etc.,did not appeal to the Americanpalate. The public taste was not"educated up"turpentine in it. The Little Journal.pledging our earnest efforts to astrengthening of the present statutes against corrupt piactices and"their rigorous enforcement.'We remind the people that it wabonly by the return of a RepublicarSenator in Michigan, who is nowunder conviction, and sentence forthe criminal misuse of money in hieelection, that the present organization of the Senate with a Republican majority was made possible.THISWILL ASTONISHPEOPLE.PARISThe quick action of simple witchhazel, camphor, hydraslls, etc., asmixed in Lavoptik eye wash, willsurprise "Paris people. One girlwitli weak, strained eyes was helpedby a single application. Her mothercould hardly sew or read because ofeye pains. In one week she, too,was benefited. We guarantee asmall bottle of Lavoptik to helpAW HAST?, nf -cvprjlr. strained or into maple syrup with jfl111P(1 ftVfi Aluminum eve cudFREE. Brooks & Snapp, Drug Co.(adv);gSvsbKi .M&.:US5S$SBPPPPPBftBJ"ftwaonc oTswxcA&htoi&Jr. NVi rr 513tS&8S2Z 3SgS&2&JKit - X.X.V V$&Gt.H'Si . V. .Si. i3S3 s.r i",I,Cs -,f V. .tSf.'il-"!gmm -t- -r - .. t tnouppose l oxx liad to itclyuiid LAEvery 14 Years?(jIf you knew that most every ihxpjg iri yoarhouse had to be rebuilt cvcjv 14 years youwould if you were wise lay aside one-fourteenthof the cost every year, to be used in replacing the stairs, windows und otiier partswhen they wore out.If you were renting that Ticusc to someoneelse, you would have to charge enough rent toprovide that one-fourteenth a year, besidestaxes, insurance, current or temporary repairsand interest.That is exactly vhat the telephone compairfmust do if it is to stay in business permanentlycharge enough for its service to provide eachyear's quota of this rebuilding money, besidesail other expenses.That constant wearing out is "depreciation",and the annual quota to meet it is Ihe "depreciation receive-anaiu-t"At Your Service."necessaryas ihz vC3 fjr the cciroyV employees!ii "At Your Service." 6I raris jiome Telepnone and Telegraph Co. I(Incorporated) IiJ. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.Jm aw m ii 1 1 i mi LaasiasMaMBMwaiHt&sgEiwrgilw m. J'i.ijh wMmmamammimmaBTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery. "Ruggles. Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.COUNTRY GETTDTG &TREDNUMEROUS DRIVESOFThe abandonment of the InterChurch. World Movement, followingth failure of a gigantic and elaborately-organized"drive" to raisenearly a billion and a half of dollars, can be accounted to somethingmore than denominational differences of opinion although these, noticeable, had 'something to do withit. The "drive" failed becausedrives have gone emphatically outof fashion. For some little time,now, big business men have realizedthat drives were doing the country'bfinances serious harm, and thatsuccessive drives, following thosewhich were really necessary andcommendable, during the war, wereencouraged, if not actually createdby a class of men who were conducting drives as a regular occupation.Several months ago a big financial institution of New York sentout circulars to similar institutions, callii.g attention to theconsiderable class of men, since thowar, who made a profession of raising money by public subscription.The circular described the activitiesof certain men who were named,and pointed out facts that went toshow that a good many drives mightnever have occurred but for the inciting impulse imparted by some organization of diive experts, for thfmoment out of a job. Had the InterChurch Drive come along soon afterthe war, the enormous sum whichwas its objective would no doubthave been quickly raised.Ameiica is quick to give in amazing amounts to worthy causes.There are so very many people whoare actually giatified by an opportunity to do good by merely givingmoney, and there are, besides, somany people who are happy to paywell for a chance to see their namesin the papeis. Even now the InterChurch Diive might have succeededbut for 'the spread among men whoquickly control finances in its bigand little details of the idea that wehave had enough drives for sometime to come.oASPIRINName "Bayer" on Genuine.ss nr."Bayer Tablets or Aspirin- is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. . Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)oTribute to the Pen.The pen, like the swoitl. has a darkside ro its hi?tor.. Not only has itcreated ;i good tie:. I ol uihblsh, but ithas appealed to the eul passions ofthe ignorant and the disloyal ; it hasIncited anarchy, sedit'. n and hatred.But to the pemue are indebted forall the books of the uoihl. It has enabled poets to sing to u, hctioniststo charm us, philosopher and men ofscience to share with us their valuableknowledge; It gives us the Bible, itinspired civilization. It is a mightyagent "Beneath the rule of men entirely great"oDeafness That Isolates.Deafness does not necessarily spellstupidity, although a great many people seem to think so. There are anynumber of clever, intelligent people ofgood education and broad views whothrough illness or accident becomehard of hearing or partially deaf.Isolation is the hardest thing a partially deaf person has to contend with,and when one is denied general intercourse with others one is apt to growselfish and self-centered.oTattoo Marks.Although tattoo marks are generallyasserted to be indelible if producedby the insertion of carbonaceous matter, it is said they will disappear iffirst well rubbed with a salve of pureacetic acid and lard, then with a solution of potash, and finally with hydrochloric acid. It would be advisableto consult a skin specialist.oVerazzani's Discovery of America.A French writer is distributing apamphlet showing that most of theAtlantic coast of the United State!was discovered by the French explorerVerazzani in 1524, and urging that In1924 the 400th anniversary of the discovery be duly celebrated in the United States."Grand Old Party."The term "Grand Old Man" was applied to Mr. Gladstone in 1882, andIs accredited to John Bright, who usedit In a speech that year in Northampton, England. - In America the phrasewas appropriated and changed bymembers of the Republican party, wboaffectionately called It the "Grand OldParty." Thi at once became a news-,paper slogan and In the headline wai"shortened to 'G. O. P. - "PARES, KENTUCKY I ' , N " I Tuesday, -july at. 1929. r,p AOAX My unim Minij - Amif J A TIKE with the rugged strength to meet Pliifi if5 xL every service need that's the Ajax Jmsm? 5 Road King. Mark its massive tread, braced -f WW if7h and re-inforced by that exclusive Ajax Jlfe Wfflr2$ feature, Ajax Shoulders of Strength. . T BRmjO?tj Wherever your car must go, Ajax Road V (PaPllrflr)( We sell the whole Ajax line.j If JMwl!,.,J .-. .-.. , Tri11 1 , ), iT-n-f, ffrnnrmii"DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.ER!!A few cents buys "Danderine." IAfter an application of "Danderine" Iyou can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, more .color and thickness.(adv-T-tf) Io jLUMBWe are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutuckv and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyEurope's Potato Crcp.In Europe potatoes are grown ofdifferent kinds for different purposes.Certain varieties are raised for cooking and others for starch making anddistilling. Over there the.v have a so-called "stock potato," which is not jused for human food at all. It is verylarge and coarse of texture and isutilized for feeding cattle. The yieldto the acre Is twice the ordinary, and Ithe tubers being exceedingly rich in j j"starch are great alcohol producers. jl1X1:E.W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299I Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Plenty of Cream of Tartar Here.Americans have for generations ispent millions of dollars a year inItaly for cream of tartar, a householdnecessity which the grape regions ofthe United States can well supply.This is a by-product ..collected fromthe sediment of the fermenting vatsand the sides of the tanks, againstwhich it crystallizes during storage.oMaybe That's So.Jud Tunklns says many a manwould be more prosperous if he couldget as enthusiastic over his own business as he does over the efforts of aperfect stranger to land a hit that'llbring in a run. Washington Star.ggglfgglSSlSg-yiA i-'g-. d 5 a--a , A J-!g.4,iUl,A.ilJlH't..JA..mTOu3The MailsIivGbeslna.BWy t-" ''. fBa jLWhile the Salesman WaiulWe can furnish you the kind ofprinted tales letters and circularson HAMMERMILL BOND thatwill get your message in the rightway to the man who can buyyour goods!Use mora printed, salesmanship;Ask us. r ... 'anWANDER BACK" Along the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, thewash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the viol in, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive tnrill of the tenor. T heClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally th atyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the tra ilof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETrtitiHUHti" HunanOPP. COURT HOUSEnmmiuuunnprrr.TimwDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatA10OXS 4040TOST KATI, ;BAI NILDQIGPHQIXtttCAHAL BROS.BJUtBER SHOPliMs aaa'Cemrfttes Atfeatitaty b , - I . .5.t!"? -r w -V' '- TJxtc" - .X"J K 'Ir-r -v - i'V-2 i?C ukVrtJ'sVvvf -i.S $Y4TUESDAY, JULY 13, 1920. wTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYV-nrINFLUENZAuucAiri'VW.starts with a Coldiio- niLiiiWATTERSON SAYSf-jU the Cold. Atneeze "HILL'SCASGARA&f QUININE" 'i.jfr h m Zi rr jk.-the firstL.BBsssssk F J .m. .ssi .bbIbbbbbfgfc. '.SIBSSSSSSSSJ .SBsV BSJ . sSBSsT BSsVM.SSm .HsSSSBF V .BS .BBBBBBrBBBBSSBSBBBBBB'BBBBBBBi BUBr BBBBBBf BJBSSSSSSSSpr BSSSSSSSSs1IbSSS. irBROMIDE;:idard cold lemedy for 20 years-in tablet lorm sate, sure, noopiates breaks up a. fold in 24hours reueves grip in j a ays.Icrey bade it it tails. Thegenuine box has a Redp with Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drug StartsHAS SYMPATHY FOR THE TELEPHONE GIRLSThe Bluffton Banner has bravelytak 1 up tne cudgels for the hellorirl- and the telephone company.Hear what the Banner has to say:Never again!. Banner reporter came out ofiiie Iv'cal telephone office this mornmi: "Kith more human Kindness inh - ui for a telephone operatorih.wi no had ever thought abidtd i h;s bosom. For a fewn r- eP just a few the .Banneri rn vas- allowed to watch five girlsplu- Plug? Well, we'll say theypluffd. Calls were coming at theive of a thousand an .hour, and"thes five girls had both hands goir: ,.o slipping down off the stoolto ''ich for a plug a little out ofthe aj, now asking kindly, 'Number, please." and all the time keeping both arms going. No time tostop o argue the point with a custom . o time to think of what'IiI werr to church to-morrow if I getoft", but plug, plug. Oh, the tiresoirtnes of plugging! You getined for them, watching the operation A girl works a few hours andit relieved to rest- And she needsthe rest bv the time she gets it."Watching these girls work is anobject lesson, and one that will takeall :he kick out of a subscriberwarning central and not gettingher as soon as the subscriber thinkslie should get her." N"MOTHER!California Syrup of Figs'Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup of IPigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Full)directions on each bottle. Youmust sav "California."(adv-T-tf)oThe Backward Bird.The flamingo performs a number ofIts dally duties in a backward or upside down manner. When the flamingo dines, it rests its head In the mudon the bottom of a shallow stream,and while It strains the insects outof the water it takes both a backwardand an upside-down view of the worldabout itYou Can't Drive aNaii With an ApplePoor printingon poor paper neverpaid anybody. Getwork that isgoodenough to bring yougood results.5 Use an economical paper such asand come to an economical printer.That's us. Quick serv-ice and good work.atreasonable prices.&se More PrintedSzfesmzaship Ask UsNews Job Department4LW St;vjy ibmiIllrS X i 0v(0jj f .- J.JSSSSSslHENRY WATTERSONEemy Wattersontyc& QIintrrArties aay coae and go, politician, my rise andfttll, but the education of the youth of the jcountry goes on forever.Our rural schools have-in the past been too often dragged into theaire of local politics, and i i gratifying to know that both partijoined handa at the laet session of thewhich will go a long way toward keepingpolitical game.While every voter in Kentuckyaitinterested in the Presidentialwhy the election ofatrons men to theMUUL . nJ,e'lL9 k$llQ04l. A good, cleantendent, and keep both him and&&M4& hurt the children-N3CJUSE THIS CLUBrh mf JsfIS m RURAL SCHOOLShi IdhIh M iBSSSM(am JBk lMIk: M mm mmmm,w ' JH9HIi -' wAlJIIIi 1v. .-a- . ..a1 ; liLiir wT r iiii-"3(Tiiissrfri i n- nlJf&friMftt1iriiiiiii f --- ---- - g. - 9 ? - .. . , ..m --.. ...r " j...,. .. w.t;A;v.- J&ttnmtAm 18, 1920..68Legislature and passed lawsour rural schools out of thenext November, there is $w rea8onnew County Boards of EducationCaJk-Maboard will -select a fk4 Superinie i schools free from any-entanglementmkikjdASCLVIN NOVEMBERz& rvPhoneSAY "DIAMOND" DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package.-.." ........GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENMake Lemon Lotion to DoubleBeauty of Your Skin"" ......- ...MMSqueeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonbleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrant "into a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used a9 afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T)oBE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andSTERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)- - -- -"-ffnifUTI7D VJR!'ssuMSimIYJvrnyvJust HistoryIn J76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline hright,She greeted her sniestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering; Gas.But the eirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric tight.Paris Gas & Electric Co.ivEV-.Ws&NC.-Tl' 3The Right SedanFor Right Nowx Its Saving on Tires, Oil and Upkeep Add to.the Riding Advantages of Triplex SpringsTHE OVERLAND SEDAN is an exceptionally goodcar for all year use. Its ventilator in the cowl, andadjustable windows, with its thick heat resistance tcp,with the great riding comfort of Triplex Springs, makeit fine for touring. Its great economy, which beginswith the low price, is exampled in many recent extraordinary gasoline records. The most notable was the35 5 -mile Los Angeles-Yosemite Economy Run in whichthe Overland Sedan won in its class with an average of27.6 miles per gallon.r 1 Touring, S9S5; Roadster, $985; Coupe, $1525; Sedan,Prices f. o. b. Toledo, subject to change without nottcaPARI?. OVERLAND CO.584 TenthBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 49 WszThe Bourbon Laundr jrParis,A SURE TIPPut Your MoneySuits and YOUYou'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Values$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear"SAVE THETWIN BROS.9 DLQTHING AND SHOE DEFT.L. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorIilf!$1575StreetIWKL"ftrrc-re.'AmWest Fifh Streetsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- mments in laundry appliances jland expert helpers we are Jjprepared to do work infe-rior to 'none, and solicit xyour patronage. IXIKentucky- X1X3hSon One of OurCAN'T LOSE?fiteck Sumnre ClotheDIFFERENCE"7 -i3;V..&Jfvt' 44.r&; :4w ' J"v He, i- ..ih "'. Lr .: -V i, ,-JJ5 v?V-14THE B01NEWS, -,PjJ t yKENTUCKY55tfMILLERSBURG"Mrs. Alice Best, of Maysville, isguest of her sisters, Mrs. AnnaBarnes and Mrs. Bessie Caldwell.Mrs. Adah McClintock andAwghters, Misses Anna James McClintock and Ruth McClintock, left3fcnday for a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owingsville.The seventh annual Chautauqpt closed here Saturday eveningwith "The Metropolitan QuintetteCo." Six of these Chautauquas haveeen put on by the White-MyersSystem, of Kansas City, Mo., andfrom the time the Chautauqua wasMrsz inaugurated in Millersburg theprogram has grown better each year.a Wednesday evening the "ComedyNew York in January wa& broughtto Flemingsburg, ;Saturday, for interment. The body "was accompanied by Mrs. Fitch and her daughter,Mrs-. P.- H. Thompson, formerly ofMillersburg. Private services wereheld Sunday at the home of Mr.Fitch's brother-in-law, Geo. Wal-llingford. in Flemingsburg, conducted by Rev. W. K. McClure, pastor ofthe Methodist church. The bodywas laid to rest in the family lot inthe Flemingsburg Cemetery, thecommittal services at the grave being conducted by the Masons, Mr.Fitch having been a 33rd degreeMason, also a ,Shriner. The .floralofferings were numerous, and therewas a large attendance at thefuneral.Mr. Fitch was well-known here.He had for many years years beenconnected with the Lexington newspapers as a linotype operator be-jfore going into business for himselfi-HAMILTON CHASTEENClub Male Quaitette" cave a pr-Jfc3e to the lecture of Dr. Adams, in New York."wiose subject was "Grapes and j QGold," taking as the basis of his jsubject a Japanese legend. It was .well handled, and the only com-jrfalnt made was that it was entirely MATRIMONIAL.oo bhort. Thursday afternoon we-were addressed by Dr. Clarke, sub- Z.----.Sect "Play Ball." He compared life .to a base ball game, and the comparison ran together through hisntlre lecture. On Thursday even- a surprise wedding, which tookSfcg- we had the New Yoik Broadway piace in this city on July 5, wasCompany, in "Peg O' My Heart. that of Miss Pauline Hamilton andAH the characters did their work Mr. Jesse P. Chasteen, both wella5cely. Friday afternoon Verra's known young people of Lexington,Hoy&l Hawaiian's entertained a.Who secured license in Lexington,3arge audience. Their music was in ana- carne to Paris wheie the cereiecping with most of the m Hawaiian m0nj- was performed,eompa-nies. Friday evening we had : The only attendants were MissShe Hawaiians again in prelude to Lucy J. Peikins and John W. Berry.jar. James wnucomo jorouguei, ut.The bride is a daughter or Mr. anaMrs. Thos. S. Hamilton, ana tnegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. JohnChasteen. For the present Mr. andMrs. Chasteen are at the home ofthe former's parents, on West Highstreet, in Lexington. They will goto housekeeping soon in a home oftheir own. The young couple havethe best wishes of many friends andrelatives for their unbounded happiness and prosperity.J, - . '' 4 . . . "' -.- .. MTHE, ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND i AdmMoiiVSlJ."V"-"--A!!e, - - ; II "- "- "w ' (JUlHUfB ISO UMMTJ iicpiM JC WIT HIJtcTODAY, TUESDAYPEGGY HYLANDIN"BLACK SHADOWS"A story of intrigue, scandal and lovein high society.Also WILLIAM DUNCANin "The Silent Avenger"and Prizma Color PictureTomorrow, WednesdayENID BENNETTin'The Woman in the Suit CaseShe found the man she most honoredwas living a lie. So she played a little4 'sporty' ' game and trapped him. But before she was through with the startlingadventures which that game cost herwell, you won't take your eyes from thispicture.Also JUANITA HANSENinthe 12th episode of"THE LOST CITY"And "Topics of the Day'Thursday, July 15thDouglas McLean and DorisMayin "MARY'S ANKLE"Mary had a little ankle;Injured it one day.Now the young "doc" who repaired itJust can't stay away!Fact was. Doctor needed cash andcould get it from Uncle only when .he married. So Doc said "let's pretend," andMary said "0. K." But when Uncle tookthem at their word and hustled them intoa bridal suite on a ship heading south therest is a hurricane of f uniSunshine Comedy and Vod-a-Vil MoviesGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningi "BmiammmmMcmammmmmEnzammmmaiTHIN PEOPLESHOULD TAKEPHOSPHATEFORMER PARISIAN WILL ADDRESS CINCINNATI CLUBXos Angeles. Cal., in his well chosenlecture, 'What's Under Your Hat."3Cs was by far the best lecture of7le series. Saturday aftednoon we5ad the pleasure of listening to Dr.Allen A. Tanner. His lecture wasprefaced by the Metropolitan OperaQuintette Company. His subject--as "The Heart of The Tolier." Heiealt largely with the labor problemand brought us face to face withsnany of the serious problems anddangers now confronting us. Saturday evening we listened to theMetropolitan Company in full concert. Their numbers were wellchoen and on the whole weie verygood. The Chautauqua will be continued next year. More than a hun-LISLE SENTER.At a dinner-luncheon givenSaturday at the home of Mr. andMrs. White Varden, on Vine street,announcement was made of the engagement of Miss Mildred Lisle,re3 guarantors have signed the daughter of Mr and Mrs. D. C.ontra with the White-Myers System for another year. For the firsttime since Millersburg has beenronducting Chautauquas we wentTer the top.0DEATHS.Lisle, of near Paris, to Mr. WilliamWendell Senter, of Bristol, Va., andHazard, By. The announcementwas made by the bride-elect's sister, Mrs. Varden.The home was beautifully decorated with a profusion of sweet peasThe luncheon was served in severalcourses, the last being ices moldedin, the form of flippers, weddingbells and roses. Candies were served in individual pink and green baskets. The announcement cards wereconcealed in the tallies, which wereSHANNON.Tames Shannon. well-knownlaraisville & Nashville employe of painted in Cupids and bells.Carlisle, and related to Bourbon Those present were Mesdamescounty people of the name, died at Robert Jones, Frank Sledd, J. W.B5s home in Carlisle last week, after Young, Tollie Young, Walter Henan illness of several weeks dura- dercon Shiopshire, Anna Belle Walloon. Mr. Shannon had "been for lace, Rufus Lisle (Winchester),more than twenty years foreman of Mrs. Gilbert Hargess, Evansville,section work on the Cailisle divis- Ind.: Mrs. D. C. Lisle, Mrs. C. R.Tnr, rtf thA i. .iv -M r.rid "had man v. White. Mrs. James McClure. Missesfriends and acquaintances amongthe railroad men in Paris.The funeral was held at St. John'sCatholic church, in Carlisle, -with?ervicos conducted by Rev. FatherMerkla. The burial followed in theCatholic Cemetery at Carlisle. Several from Paris attended the funeraland burial., SEARS.William A.. Sears, aged eight,son of Mr. and Mrs. Grover C. Sears,f Bunker Hill, near the BourbonMontgomery line, in this county,iied at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, at noon yestei--day, from the effects otFrances Clay, Allie Towles, Margaret Ardery, Harriet Rogers, Elizabeth Crutcher, Elise Varden, Paris;Elizabeth Bush, Winchester; Margaret Shropshire, Cynthiana; Mrs.Frank Grimes, Frankfort.The piize foi the highest score, aj Japanese basket, was w on by Mrs.Tollie Young, and the second prize' by Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire. The guest prize was a set of' table mats for Miss Lisle.The wedding will be a quiet affair, and will take place at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. White Varden, on Vine street, on the eveningof Tuesday, July 20.oSays Nothing Like Plain ArajoPhosphate to Put On Eirm, SolidStay-There Elesh and Muscle andIncrease Strength. Vim', Vigor andNerve Eorce.an operation performed tor appendicitis BARGAINS IN PUKCI1ana compneatea iroumes. nic uuywas brought to the Hospital, Friday,and it was thought would rallyfrom the operation performed later.Besides his parents he is survived byone sister and one brother, the a.pv -ppular $6 00 SWIHPS at"bodv will be taken to the eld John- , l? ly. regular ?O.W JWingb dlson burying ground, in Montgomerycounty for interment. Services'-wdlF be held at the grave at 10:00vDfock this (Tuesday) morning.SWINGS AND SHADESPorch Swings especiallypriced to close out immedi-BDYTHE.Mrs. Iva Blythe. aged thirtyseven, wife of Walter Blythe, diedat the family home, near Montgomery, Friday morning, after a protracted illness. Besides her husband, she is survived by seven-children The funeral and burial-ras neld Saturday afternoon atthree o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of the Methodist church.Mrs. Blythe was a daughter of J.P. Zorns, of Bourbon counts'. Besides her husband, she is survived"by six children, two sisters, Mrs.Rosa Thompson, of Ohio, and Mrs.Lutie Willoughby, of BourboaoantyV and one brother, DavidZorns, of Lexington.The pall-bearers were: FrankMartin, Howard Thompson, CharlesShepherd, Andrew Blythe, ErnestCo? and Benj. Coy.$4.50; regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8.50. GenuineAerolux Porch Shades at 25per cent off regular priceThese are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)oCOUNTY COURT 0RDEHSPhysicians claim there is nothingthat will increase weight, strengthand endurance like organic phosphate commonly known by druggistsas argo-phosphate; it is inexpensiveand is sold by all leading druggistseverywhere under a " guarantee togive satisfaction or money refunded.Weakness and thinness are usuallydue to starved nervous conditions.Our bodies need more phosphatesthan are contained in the foods weeat.If you wish a more rounded figureand plump well-developed arms,neck and bust in place of hollowsyou should simply take plain argophosphate, as it builds up and restores run-down, nervous conditionsby phosphatizing the system. Ittiansforms the appearance and anincrease in weight it oftentimesquickly produced.The increase in weight also aidsin improving the general health.Sleeplessness, nervousness, lack ofenergy and ambition quickly disappear. Pale cheeks are changed to rosyones and dull eyes become bright.Miss Lena Brown of Atlanta, Ga.,who only weighed 90 pounds reportsthat she gained 10 pounds in tweweeks time and says argo-phosphatehas made a different person of herand she has never felt better in heilife.SPECIAL NOTICE Owing to thefact that so many physicians anddruggists are recommending argophosphate for relieving all nervous,worn-out debilitated conditions andthe unusually large sale for argophosphate there will be found inin the market numerous substitutesfor the genuine ariicle. All imitations are inferior preparations andowing to its ususual flesh producingqualities it should not be used byany one unless they desire to put on,flesh and increase in weight.Dispensed by Brooks & SnappDrug Co.(julyl3-aug!0.)Ed. Hite, formerly of Paris, anduntil recently Deputy State FireMarshal, has accepted an invitalion to address the Greater Cincinnati Safety Club, at Chester Park,Cincinnati, on Wednesday, July 14.Mr. Hite will speak on the subjectof "Fire Prevention and Fire Protection."' being a subject with whichhe is perfectly familiar and thoroughly capable of handling in anintelligent manner.RESIDENCE BURNEDThe residence of Albert Norris, atJudy, in Montgomery county,caught fire from a defective flue,and was destroyed. Owing to thefact that Mr. Norris and the handshappened to be at 1 he house, a portion of the household ' goods weresaved. TIe loss is around $3,500with no insurance.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoDEMOCRATS TO ARRANGE CAMPAIGN DETAILSThe first important conference toarrange Democratic party campaignplans will be held at Dayton, O.,Tuesday, July 20, according to a telegram received by Governor Cox,the Presidential candidate, fromHomer S. Cummings, chairman ofthe National Committee.Mr. Cummins' telegram stated hehad called a meeting of the entireNational Committee on that date toconfer with ihe Governor.Mw nUR reputation'for business integrity and professional wisdom is thepublic's protection.Our equipment ismodern and our conduct irreproachable.We are fair at alltimes.PHYSICIANS TO MEET HEREThe next meeting of the Kentucky Midland Medical 'Association,an organization composed of physicians of the Bluegrass section, willbe held in Paris. Physicians of thiscity will be hosts to the visitors.The Jast meeting of the Associationwas held in Shelbyville, last week,with thirty members participating.A highly interesting program waspresented.FITCH.The body of Neal Fitch, formerly of Lexington, who died inIn the County Court, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland qualified as administratrix of the estate of the lateMrs. R. M. Harris, with wil annexed, by furnishing bond in thesum of $10,000, with W. W. Haley,of Clinto-nville, as surety. Mary E.Glenn, as administratrix of the estate of the late M. J. Glenn, qualified for the trust by furnishing bondin the sum' of ?100 with Jos. Glennas surety.In the County Court, Friday, ajury assessed a fine of one cent andcosts against Cash Crowe, on ochange of flourinshing a pistol andusing profane language in a controveisy with A. T. Lucas.HHli IPcttheuPhonographsand Records1SAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M. E. PRUITT5MilIersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for HospitalSrR. ED. BEDFORD ANNOUNCESCANDIDACY FOR SHERIFFI wish to announce to the voters cfBourbon County that I am a candidate for tae office of Sheriff. 'I have never before been a candidate for public office, and if honoredwill not again be a candidate, andthereby not interfere in the aspirations of other worthy Democrats, ipledge my entire time to the dutiesof the office, and to the service ofthe people. I am not a candidat-iof anv clique or clan and if elected,promise to give the same courteouoind impoitial treatment to all alike.If elected to the high office ofSheriff it will be my purpose to attend strictly to the duties of the office, and there will be no attempt onmy part to dictate the future politics of the county.Between now and the election, Iwill see each one personally, anduntil such time, I hope you will refrain from pledging youi support.If elected I will appoint as -myDeputies Mr. D. E. Clark, of Millersburg, ard Mr. W. Fred Link, ofParis. ,Respectfully,(9-2t) R. ED. BEDFORD.oTRANSFERRED TO DANVILLEMiss Elizabeth Holleran, of Mt.Sterling, who has been in charge oftelephone work for the Cumberland Co. ai Paris, has been transferred to Danville, to bring aboutpome much needed changes in theplant at that place.TO-DAY AND TO-MORROWThe Supreme Value-Giving Eventof this Money-Savingnoi BTiOur entire stock to be disposed of regardless of cost orvalue.Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps!of the highest quality marked- down from 20, 30and 40 on the dollar.Just a Few of the Many Wonderful Shoe BargainsE w ' jf S r IIIty&j&EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES O AKZReduced to PB fr W9Beautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES CO QCReduced to 99h99Newest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.$5.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's $1.50 and $2.00 SlippersOn Sale at $1-00See Bargain Counters!$8.00 to $9.00 GradesReduced toS4.95Brown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlyGreatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.'BOYS' AND GIRLS' FOOTWEAR!Buy at this sale at cut prices and save 25to 40 per cent.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store-Where Beauty and Economy ReignV" . - ' . . .- ' 1I ,311 Ma&'H