JHB IB M -HMfe. , . 1- IB. flUM. haA. .'flk. 1. mi bimmbm .m. . ' . i, ii"NEWS;v"3r ,VPUBLISHED EVERY. TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XL.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 23,19201 H- 'H 'HBBH.A. vB . HH " .A A.Inc.BOURBONv -VaIJ2SS BEHRMAN DIES IN DAYTON JIOSHTAL.News reached Paris last night ofHie death of Miss Alice Behrman, asister of Mrs. J. W. Bacon, of Paris,wiiicli occurred late yesterday afternoon at Spears' Hospital, in Dayton,Ky. Miss Behrman was a frequentvisitor to Paris, where she hadmany friends who will sincerely regret to hear of her death.The funeral will take place Saturday afternoon at the Behrmanborne in Newport.IKTER-CHUUCH WORLD MOVEMENT STARTS HERE."in large auditorium of the PartsChristian church was comfortablyflllcd last night when the sessionsof the Inter-church World Movement, the great denominational religious movement, recently inaugurated, were opened. The conference was opened by the team members at 7:30 o'clock, with a , devotional and intercessory period) participated in by a number of speakers From 7:45 to 8:45 the audience was entertained with an ad-!dress on "The Foreign and American Survey," by Rev. W. V. Cropper, of Paris, illustrated with stererpicon views of great interest.From 8:45 to .9:05 Rev. Stockbridgegave an address on "The KentuckySurrey," which was also illustratedwith stereopticon slides. The program for the evening closed with ashort address by Rev. W. V. Cropper, on the subject, "The ChallengeTc The Church." The sessions willbe resumed at 9:30 o'clock thismorning, with the devotionalintercessory period.andLEXINGTON RACES OPEN TOMORROW. The Kentucky Jockey Club willbegin a ten-days' race meeting atLexington to-morrow, continuingthrough Wednesday, May 5. Thereare to be seventy races, six stakesand ?even races each day. Musicfor the meeting will be furnished bythe All-American Orchestra from theStrand Theatre, of Lexing'ton, whichwill present pleasing musical features each day.For the ten days' meeting a totalof $71,000 will be distribtued.There is no purse less than $700,there being eighteen races for thatamount. There are thirty-seven 1races for $800 purses, and the remaining nine races have $1,000' each added. The first stake racowill be the Hinata Stakes, to be runto-morrow, the opening day, fortwo-year-old fillies, four furlongs.The races will be liberally patronized by Paris and Bourbon countypeople, as is always the custom.The officials announce that the admission price to the meeting thisyear will be for men $2.00, withtwenty' cents war tax added.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBigwReductionsm' CoatsandSuits.A"FRANK & CO., LADIES' OUTFITTERSi ' fBEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAmong the recent real estate dealsin Lexington was one wherein JesseS. and Mrs. Bee Napier, formerly ofParis, transfer to P. W. Bogie, ahouse and lot at the corner of EastMain and Owsley streets, for $9,000.- .Mrs. J. W. Ferguson sold thisweek to E. L. Ralls her residenceand other property located at Shawhan, this county, and has. removedto Paris to reside. Mr. Ralis soldhis stock of merchandise at Shawhan to S. A. Snowden, of "Winchester, who has taken possession andis novy conducting the business atthe old stand. ,Thiough the real estate agency ofH. L. Mitchell & Son, Mrs. John A.Schwartz sold this week to John M.Stuart, fbr the reported price of $8.000 the property at the corner ofMain and Eighth streets, at presentoccupied by Claude Tyree and theFrank Trisler insurance agency. Itwas stated that the purchaser willlaze the old building and erect onthe site a modern office and apartment building. The property is verydesirable, being conveniently locatedin the busiest section of the city.One of the most important dealsin real estate or city property madein Paris recently was negotiatedTuesday, when the real estate firmof Harris, Speakes & Harris, sold toBaldwin Bros., the two-story brickstore room on Main street, occupied!by the Harry Simon DepartmentIUC. O-il l" l"Vl HUM VU,V,V.In less than two hours after the salehad been made the purchasers wereoffered a profit of $2,500 on theirinvestment, but refused it. Possession will be given Jaunary 1, 1921.It is said that Mr. Simon will in thefuture devote his whole time to theLexington- store.MUSCADINE PUNCH, THAT NEWSATISFYING DRINK.Muscadine Punch, made famousin Europe by American soldiers, onsale at Jair.es E. Craven's. Most,satisfying and wholesome soft drinkmade. Soldier boys in France madevit famous. Come in and try it.(It) JAMES E. CRAVEN.CAR TURNS TURTLE.A car owned and driven by Hanloy G. Ragan, of Mt. Stei'ling,. skided on the muddy road and "turnedturtle' near North Middletown,.about seven o'clock Monday night.Ragan, who was alone in the carat the time, escaped with slightbruises. The car was badly damaged. W-V4vSTORM DOES DAMAGE IN CITYAND COUNTY. ,Damage amounting in the aggregate to hundreds of dollars was donetc city and - county Dronerty bv aheavy storm which visited this section Tuesday. Rain fell in torrents,accompanied by hail in some partsof the county. The resulting floodsi ajsed the small streams and creeks jtnrougli tne county out of theirbanks, washing away fencing,damaging tobacco beds and causinga vast amount of damage in otherways. Many places- on the pikeswere rendered almost impassable,and traffic had to be detoured inother directions.The storm was especially heavyin the vicinity of the Xalapa Farmof Edward F. Sirams, on the" NorthMiddletown pike, near Paris. Alarge truck belonging to the farm,lpaded with colored laborers, boundfor Paris, went through a bridge.The men all made their escape, butthe truck with its driver was carrieddown the stream a considerable distance. The driver was tescued fromhis perilous place. The truck operated on the North Middletowntransfer line struck the high waterson the pike, causing it to skid overan embankment. The truck waslater rescued, with its load of merchandise. A. wall of rushing waterwashed away about 150 feet of thestone fence in fibnt of the XalapaFarm. Raymond Fryman, truckdriven, was justrelurning to Paris,when the swift wafer at that pointcaught his machine, the engine going "dead," and plunging the caragainst a fence on the opposite sideof the pike. Fryman escaped unhurt. A new tobacco barn on thefarm of Frank P. Kiser, near Paris,collapsed, under the pressure ofhigh winds and was wrecked.Lightning struck a number of barnsin the county, doing " considerabledamage. Lowlands everywherewere flooded, stock washed away,and fencing demolished.Traffic on the Louisville & Nashville between Maysville and Paricwas put out of commission for atime when a bridge near "PleasantValley, in Nicholas county, wentout. The damage was repaired, andtrains are now making scheduletime," A bridge on the Frankfort &Cincinnati road between Frankfortand Georgetown went out under thorush of 'waters, causing intenuptionto traffic between Pans and tnosopoints.The storm was succeeded Wednesday by clear weather, bringing relief In its waKc. Tne sti earns mthe county .have t about reached:1,normal stage, and no further damage is tea red."During the heavy rain Tuesdayafternoon the iron bridge spanningthe creek near the Edward Lewisplace in Bourbon county, was washed from its base and carried a halfmile down the stream. Travel fromthat section was entirely cut offuntil a temporary stiucture wasplaced in position.. oSEED CORN.We have for sale Re id's Yellow Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who - specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS.S. BRENT &BRO.(16mar-tf)POPULAR STAE COMING TO LEXINGTON J)PERA HOUSE.Paris people will remember withkeenest delight the appearance inin this city some years ago of MitziHajos, the piquant little comic operastar, in "The Spring Maid." Theywill now have an opportunity to seeMitzi again, ber engagement beingheralded for the Lexington OperaHouse, Friday and Saturday, in"Head Oyer Heels."Unusual interest among lovers ofthe best in musical comedy is indicated by the large advance demand for seats 'for the engagementof saucy little Mitzi in "Head .OverHeels." The reports that have comeahead of the star indicate the reason, for it is said that in additionto having the foremost prima donnacomedienne of to-day as its star,"Head Over Heels" has been givenan unusual cast. The piece is merrymerry throughout and the production rich in costuming and scenicbeauty in the characteristic HenryW. Savage style. Seat 'sale openedWednesday at the box office at theOpera .House from 9 a. m. to 12 m.and 1 p. m to 5. p. m. (adv)REDRYING PLANT 'OPENS.Seventy-five men and women arebeing furnished employment in thestemming department of the Liggett& Myers tobacco redrying plant,which has reopened. The plant willremain in operation until shortlybefore the opening "of the Paris tobacco market next December. Alarge brick storage warehouse inwhich store tobacco will be erectedby the Liggett & Myers concern.-" o 'BUILDING - BEING , REMpDELED.Contractors began Tuesday thrwork of remodeling the building onMain street, occupied by the FairStore, and " the Fdir 'Annex. Thebuildings were- damagedby the fireof several weeks ago, which alscdamaged other buildings ,vin the vi-uimi. - - - v 4 -"GO GAS" SERVICE STATIONCOMING TO PARIS SOON.A new modern "drive in" servicestation for the distribution of gasoline, oils and kndred motor car necessities is assured for Paris.The Consumers' Service Station,Incorporated, a concern which hasan extensive chain of stations operating throughout the Middle West,have their representatives here nowclosing the sale of certificates.Site has been procured for thestation at this point through theHarris, Speakes & Harris Real Estate Company.In constructing and operating itschain of stations the company Jaysgreat stress upon the building thati"'"0' tiic eje, equipment mi in-sures full measure to the consum-ers, products of high quality and aservice that caters to the slightestwhims of the motorists.The company's stations are modelsof efficiency and attractiveness.The. construction department of theconcern has adopted a uniform design of building which is uniqueand which makes it stand out asdistinctive. The design is adaptable to any size of building. It isnU?n aiWen t0 thG T?68' statfonof friends to a private performance.as to the ornate and imposing when lie would give a demonstrationf77hlt,Jirel ,? 5ET of 4js Poer toinfluence the minddown-town corner of a large cityA black and white checkerboardscheme of exterior decoration addsto the distinctiveness of the stations. A hobby also is made ofsurroundings of the stations, wherever locations permits, with grass,posts, shrubbery and flowers, concrete driveways connecting with thestreets, permit automobiles to drivedirectly "through the station.It is a boast of the company thatit invariably installs in each of itsstations the very latest and mos.improved device for handling gasoline, oils and kindred products, visible pumps always premitting thepurchaser of gasoline to see for himself that he gets full measure downto the last fraction of a pint? Adouble system of strainers insuresthat the gasoline is free from impurities and foreign substance whenit goes into the tank of a car.Many other devices are utilized forthe convenient and expeditioushandling of petroleum products.All products marketed at thecompany's stations must conform tothe highest standards of quality.The company believes .that the motoring public has become educatedto the higher grade of products, andit caters to this demand. Besides"Go Gas," the gasoline which itfealJies. the company markets -underits own trademark a full line ofoils, gi eases and similar automobilenecessities. The company is distributor in Us territory for the Texacopetroleum pioducts of the Texascompany, the third largest oil company in the world.The products, prices and serviceat all of the company's stations arethe same. One of the features ofthe'service is an information bureau,maintained at each station for tourists. Every effort is made to proide motorisU with complete andreliable information concerningroutes and the condition of roads.; . (adv-lt)Y. M. C. A. NOTESThe local Y. M. C. A. Secretaryhas received bulletins giving CampDaniel Boone dates for 1920. Theyare as follows:June 16-30 First Period Boys..Tiinp nn-.Tnlv 14 Second PeriodBoysJuly 14-28 Third Period Boys.July 28-August "7 High SchoolGirls' Conference.August 7-21 Girls' Camp.August 21-25 Adult Bible ClassConference.August 25-S ).,o,nber 1 HighSchool Boys' Conference.September 1-6 State Conference.September 6-9 Employed Officers' Conference.The Camp has always been verypopular in this community, 40 Bourbon county men and boys attendingthe Camp last year.Paris people are especially interested in the Adult Bible Class Conference as one of its, citizens, MissOlivia Orr, will have charge 4 of onesection of this Conference.BASXET BALL GAMESAlthough the local basketconenn ha; rinsed. SO far asballtheteams of the white schools are concerned, the team of the WesternHigh School, or the Paris coloreaHigh School, continue to keep thegame going. On the floor Mondayright the local team suffered defeatby the team from- the Russell HighSchool; of Lexington, the score being 4 to 0. - A special car from Lexington brought over fifty rootersfor the 'Lexington team.TELEPHONE MANAGERS CONFER. A conference of managers of theCumberland Telephone Companywas held at Winchester, Wednesday to discuss routine matters pertaining to the welfare of the comnmiv ajid the maintenance of theservice. The district is composed iof Eastern Kentucky points,, andwas represented by thirty managers.Mr. H. H. Floyd, local manager ofthe Cumberland J. L.. Layman. PT. Greathouse, C. H. Owens and E.J. Rosenthal of the plant force, attended' the conference.: o -Fire, Wind ,aind LightningIncimiirt. . ';Thomas, ,Wocdf oa.& Bryan ;--- ' r- rERANIBXIN COURT GRANTS MRS.DOUG IILAY ALIMONY.In the Franklin Circuit Court, atFrankfort, Tuesday, Judge Robert L.Stout, after hearing the arguhentsand reading the evidence, in part,taken in the divorce suit of Mrs.Jane Adams Clay, of Frankfort,against her husband, Douglas Clav,6f Paris, entered an order grantingMrs. Clay alimony of" $125 permonth pending trial of the suit.The Court also adjudged that thecosts should be borne entirely byMr. Clay. The trial will not beheld until th September term oftne .Franklin Circuit Court. Thesuit was first filed in the BourbonCircuit CoifrJ, Mrs. Clay being aresilient oi -PTanKiort at tne time,.COLORED HYPNOTIST GIVES BOYSOME SCARE.-The power of suggestion, as usedby hypnotists in their performances,was brought into play the othernight in the colored suburb ofRuckerville, when a colored hypnotist was entertaining: a circle.T'Tiq 'htTTinrvrief 'ho.l i-n ; 4-n.t nt..of his subjects. A number of amusingstunts were carried through, withmore or less success. Finally theperformer singled out a likely sub-1ject in the person of a fifteen-year-lold boy, whom, after placing "under influence,' he accused of stealing chickens. The ''subject" protested his innocence, but his amazement was unbounded when the"professor" reached under the boy'scoat and drew forth a live squalling hen. The boy became hysterical and was removed from the roomto his home, where physicians hadto be called. He was reported yesterday as being in a critical condition. The "professor" disappeared.o zTHIEVES STEAL HARDWAREBurglars paid an early morningvisit to-the hardware store of Lowry& May, effecting an entrancethrough a skylight in the rear, anddropping to the floor below. Thvisitors secured a lot of cutlery, including knives, razors, a 22-calibrerifle, and the contents of the cashregister, amounting to about threedollars.The burgalry was reported to thepolice, who took the matter in hand,and are working on the case.oNEW EOAL AT XALAPA j Members of Rathbone Lodge, theirjAvives and Fythian Sisters, are in-A new foal 'is reported from the jvited and expected to attend. JteXalapa Farm of Edward F. Simms, j freshments will be served.near Paris. Mr. Simms' fine mare i oDixie foaled a bay filly by Theo. j SEED SWEET POTATOESCook. The new addition to the jSimms stock is doing well and will i The bes seed sweet potatoes tosome day make a valuable addition fce had are now on sale at our storeto the thoroughbred list , (it) C. P. COOK & CO.WE KNOW HOWIt is When Among MenThat You Feel the Necessity ofBeing Well DressedOne rule for success mightbe written in these words.Meet men cheerful but earnestly, in a frank and honestmanner. You have entire decision as tcTwhat kind of impression you will leave while minglingwith other men.The, clothes you wear are avery important factor. If theyare tailored right they have thatindividuality, that smartness, thatmake you look as you want tolook.And at this store you willfind such smart clothes that arenot too extreme, but genuinelystylish. 100 quality and values. Nettle ton ShoesStetson HatsMITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENMR. CAYWOOD TO BE CAHDI-;DATE .FOR STATE SENATOR'In a card issued Tuesday, mailedto THE NEWS Wednesday morningMr. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, one of the most widelvknown and largest livestock dealersm this section of the State, statesthat he will be a candidate for StateSenator from this district, composed. ,oi me counties or Bourbon, Clarkand Montgomery. The card as-issuedby Mr. Caywood, is as follows:"TO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY:"At the proper time Khope to become a candidate for State Senatorfrom the counties of Bourbon, Clarkand Montgomery, and 1 want myfriends in Bourbon county not topledge their support to someone elseat this time."(Signed) "H. S. CAYWOOD,"Mr. Caywood stated that he wouldbe a candidate, but at this time hefelt it would be too early in thegame to announce his candidacy andlay his claims before the voters requesting their support. He hasbeen a lifelong Democrat, and hasbeen very active 'in county and Statepolitics. He will make an activecampaign wflen the proper timecomes.PARIS PROBABLY WILL HAVENEW MOVIE HOUSE.An interesting rumor is in circu- .lation with regard to the purchaseof the Schwartz property at the corner of Main and Eighth streets,which was recently sold throughthe real estate agency of H. NL. Mitchell & Son, to George W.Stuart, John M. Stuart and J. MAlverson.This ruomor has it that the newowners will utilize the lower floorof the new building which they propose to erect on the site a morletheatre of the most modern and up-,to-date character, the upper storiesbeing devoted to officers and apartments. This wiir give Paris threemovie houses, and. there should be.no dearth of amusement when allthree are in operation.oX. OF P. INSPECTIONThe A J. Lovely Co., No. 34,Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,will hold their annual inspection, intheir Armory, in the K. of P. Hall,Wilson building, at 7:30 o'clock,next Wednesday night, April 28.Brigadier-General Jas. E. Carnahanand staff will be present. The inspection will be a public affair.?kBLAKEMORE1 ' ,t,' ' 1:-' "'i"it' 'v iKI; v -14 ". " x M1 -a.wf-A''g. i JE-z i' m-PAGE TWOI7IK BOURBON ' NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRIL 11, l2(f.' V- 'iVC-IIrr-ft!H!.'K',VV-i -s.?!.-'Vrit"-! .ECZEMA- MONEY BACKwithout questionif Hunt'r. SaWrfalls in the treatment of Eczema.Tetter, Ringworm, Itch, etc.!Doo't become discouraged because other treatments failed.HuntV Salt ehai relieved hun.tied cf such casci. You can'tJose on our Money BachGuarantee. Trv it at our rikTODAY. Price 75c atIP3Por Sale byLDruggist,OBERDORFER,Paris,Ky.WantedExeprienced engineer byTHE PARIS WATER CO.C3-tf)CHAMBERLAIN'SREMEDYCOUGHThe great benefit derived from theuse of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyhas been greatly acknowledged bymany. Mrs. Benjamin F. Blakeney,Decatur, 111., writes, "Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is by far the bestmedicine for colds and coughs wehave ever used in our family. Igave it to my children when smallfor croup and have taken it myself."(adv)Wool Wanted.Highest market price. Call HarTfcy Hibler at mule barn for sacksand twine.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(apr20-2mo)For SalePianos, Player Pianos and TalkSig Machines high grade instruments at low prices. We also haveused Sterling Piano in good condition. Just received shipment oflatest music rolls. We make aspecialty of tuning and repairingof all kinds.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. Templema-nPiano Company.(9-tf)NOTICEKotice is hereby given the administrator of Charles Stephens, deceased, that his surviving partnersn the firm of the Power GroceryCompany, have purchased and taken,over all of his share and interest iuthe firm of the Power Grocery Company and that the estate of CharlesStephens has retired from the firmof. the Power Grocery Company, thisApril I, 1920.WOODFORD SPEARS,Administrator of Charles Stephens.(13-4t)r tf j,r '- Lrrmr'jWmStMm.In the Spring TimeAny fool knows enough to carryan umbrella when it rains, butthe wise man iahe who carriesWe when it iaonly cloudy.Any man willsend for a doctorwhen he getsbedfast, but thewiser one is hewho adoptsproper measures- before his illsbecome serious. During a hardwinter or the following spring onefeels run-down, tired out, weakand nervous. Probably you havesuffered from a cold, the Grip orflu, which has left you thin, weakand pale. This is the time to putyour system in order. It is timefor house-cleaning.A good, old-fashioned alterativeand temperance tonic is one madeof wild roots and barks, withoutthe use of alcohol, and called Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,in tablet -or liquid form. " This isnature's tonic, which restores thetone of the stomach, activity ofthe liver and steadiness to thenerves, strengthening the wholesystem. First put up by Dr. Pierceover 50 years ago, now procurableat any druer store; or send 10 centsto Dr. Pierce's Invalids' Hotel,Buffalo, N. Y., for trial package.AT AUCTION !Having bought property in Lexington. I will offer at publicauction onMonday, April 26, 1920, at 2 O'clock P. M.the following described property: Located on High Street, between Boone and Fifteenth, a cottage consisting of four rooms,3iall and bath complete, gas and electric lights, a large frontporch and back porch. Property is in first class condition. Lot50x150 feet. Sale positive, rain or shine.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.Any one desir.ng to make a good investment will do well inlooking over this property.For further information, call onMISS LIZZIE LENIHANAdministratrix of Estate,or HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.(apr20-2t)AT AUCTION!rMain Street Business House and PleasantStreet and High Street ResidencesTHURSDAY, APRIL 29th, 1920AT 2:00 O'CLOCK P. M.Main Street business house located between Seventh andEighth Streets. House has gas and electric lights. This is considered one of the best business locations in Paris. Lot 30x130feet.Located on Pleasant Street, a residence consisting of sixrooms, two halls, bath, gas and electric lights. Lot 30x130 feet.These two pieces will first be offered separately, then as awhole.Also on High Street next door to the traction office, a twostory, eight-room frame residence; bath complete, gas and electric lights. A splendid location. A nice size lot, 77x120 feet.Home seekers and investors should take a look at the aboveproperty.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.IVIRS. IVA PERRY DAVIS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents, Paris, Ky.(apr20-3t)y? HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.C0L.GE0.4l. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. .16i3t)fAT AUCTION!Six Beautiful Building Lots, One House andLot and Millersburg Public SchoolBuildingOn Saturday, April 24, 1920AT 2:00 O'CLOCK P. MLDescribed as follows: ,t2 lots facing on Butler Avenue, 50x220 feet each;-I, lot facing: on Cynthiana Pike, 53.6x313 feet;t lots facing on Cynthia-na Pike, 64x267 feet each;1 lot facing on Main Street, 97x332 feet;1 house and lot facing on the Cynthiana Pike. House consists of 5rooms, all necessry out-buildings. Everything practically new. Lotv64x244 feet.4 Millersburg Public School building of 8 rooms, located on the cornerof Tenth and Vimont Streets. Building in good repair.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.NAME "BAYERi fMEANSIIISGENUINEGet Relief Without Fear As Told In"Bayer Package"S rs? "."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" to begenuine must be marked with, thesafety "Bayer Cross." Then you arogetting the true, world-famous Aspirin, prescribed by physicians forover 18 years.Always buy an unbroken packageof "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" whichcontains pioper directions to safelyrelieve Colds, Headache, Toothache,Earache, Neuragia, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuritis, Joint Pains andPain generally.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost but a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer" packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacuid.(adv)HOW DIPHTHERIA IS CONTRACTEDOne often hears the expression,"My child caught a severe coldwhich developed into diphtheria,"when the truth was that the coldhad simply left the little one particularly susceptible to the wanderingdiphtheria germ. If your child hasa cold when diphtheria is prevalentyou should take him out of schooland keep him off the street untilfully recovered, as there is a hundred times more danger of his taking diphtheria when he has a cold.When Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis given it quickly cures the coldand lessens the danger of diphtheriaor any other germ disease beingcontracted.(adv)JIM EVANSBlack Jack, will stand at my stablein North Middletown, at$8.00Cash in hand when mares are bred.JIM EVANS is by Young's BlackSampson, he by Young's Yelberton.He is 15.3 high, big head andears, plenty of foot and bone, a number one breeder.Also, at the same place the bigdraft stallion,Tom BucknerCash in hand when mares are bred,weight 1,700 pounds, will make theseason at$8.00This horse must be seen to be appreciated.The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.R. M. GILKEYCumberland Phone 93.North Middletown, Kentucky(9apr. 8t)We will stand at the home of E.P. Wagoner, near Blacks CrossRoads, three miles south of Millersburg, six miles east of Paris, on theJackstown pike, a fine Percheronregisteied stallion,PatCobestanNo. 16641A rich bay, weight 1,600 pounds, agrand individual, ,a sire of a showhorse in his class. We will stand atEIGHT DOLLARSCash in hand when mares are bred.'mw?Kwjm.mewW:m&kmmMtmSiEWWfsWitWfMThe Whole Secret ofVA Better TireSimply a Matter of the Maker's PoliciesThis you will realize once youtry a Brunswick that a super-tireis possible only when the namecertifies that the maker is following the highest standards.For tire making is chiefly a matter of standards and policies costplus care. Any maker can build agood tire if he cares to pay perfection's price.All men know Brunswick standards, for Brunswick products havebeen famous for 74 years.Formulas, fabrics and standardsvary vastly in cost. Reinforcements, plies and thickness' are amatter of expense. And these variations affect endurance. It restswith the makec how far he wishestorgo 'how much he can affordto give.For there are no secrets nor patents to hold one back.To ascertain what eacH makeroffers one must analyze and testsome 200 tires as our laboratorieshave done.Then it is a matter of combiningthe best features and building according to the highest standards.1Once you try a Brunswick youwill understand how we have builtmodel tires, regardless of factoryexpense.Yet Brunswick Tires cost you thesame as other like-type tires. Oursaving is on selling cost, throughour nation-wide organization.We realize that you expect morefrom Bnmsvicks, and we assureyou that you get it. ONE Brunswick will tell you the story.And then you'll, want ALL'Brunswicks.' No other tire, you'llagree, gives so much for yourmoney.THE BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COLLENDER CO.Cincinnati Headquarters: Northwest Corner Seventh and Main StreetsSold On An Unlimited MileageGuarantee BasismVCord Tires with "Driving" and "Swastika" Skid-Not TreadsFabric Tires in "Plain," "Ribbed" and "BBC" Skid-Not TreadsRowland & BuchannonFur-Bearing AnimalsWantedWe buy, raise and sell fur-bearinglabbits and other fur-bearing animals. Place your order with us andlist whatever stock you have withus, stating lowest flat price on largeshipments. Address 515-517 N. P.Ave., Fargo, N. D. References,Scandinrvian-American Bank, FargoNational Bank, Fargo,. North Dakota. (30mar-lmo)!KsW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, SV,Also, same time, andextra good four-year-oldplace, anBlack Jack15 V hands high, weighing 1,000pounds,, with big, heavy bone andplenty head and ear, and greatbreeder. We will stand atEight Dollarscash in hand when mares are bred.The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.Mclntyre & WagonerTenn. Phone, 38; Home Phone, 18;Millersburg: ExchangeHudnall's Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, Erom Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg, . .11:40 a.m.Arrive iu Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Cential Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p.m-Arrive Millersburg 12:45 p.n.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Gentral Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg V. . 1:55 vp.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p.m.Botlv-Fhones 204. 'iHgJgSISgl?!!""JSJglTggl''jimwimTip to the FarmerSee COLLIER BROS.About REED'S YELLOW DENT and BOONE COUNTYWHITE SEED CORN. Also VEGETABLE and FARM: FERTILIZERS of all kinds.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phono 257tlliiBiitgiifeMtilniiiii.ill:tJLM&aTilr4fttAiMrflFoundIn Margolen's Meat Market abunch of keys. Owner can obtainsame by calling- at this office, proving property and paying advertisingcharges: " (20-2t)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax ant! Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHB,Eighth ani High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cuiab. Phone 891.AA.Tfi a-;! 1JKrV-AW, i-aa'"--.V"'" 1'Y'"" .. -tit -sV..FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS,v,KENTUCKY PAGlTmHNI , ' ' iH'I (41FOR YOUYour stomach and liver arprobably causing that listlessfeeling, that nervous headacha,PEPSOTONE Tablets have afriendly way of removing the impurities which cause such ills.25c AT YOUR DRUGGIST'SHOW IS YOUR COMPLEXION?A woman should grow more beautiful as she grows older and she willwith due regard to baths, diet andexercise, and by keeping her liverand bowels in good working order.If you are haggard and yellow,your eyes losing their lustre andwhites becoming yellowish, yourflesh flabby, it may be due to indigestion or to a sluggish liver.Chamberlain's Tablets correct thesedisorders.(adv)i 1 QExperience is knowledge gainedthrough practice.THE BESI PROOFGiven By a Paris Citizen.Whatever Your Figurewhether slender, medium or stoutThere is a Parisian stylethat will improve yourlines and make yourgown fit more becomingly. Graduate corsetieresare at your service here.With- expert skill theyadjust corsets perfectly.Special ValuesStout Model Extra heavycoutil, spoon steel, heavilyboned, elastic in q -skirt, sizes 24 to 360-3"Average' Model Whitelight weight pekin stripe,also in pink bro-cade. Sizes 20to 28 O"Add 15c for mail orders.If you can't shop here in person use our promptCorrespondence Service. Mail orders are givencareful attention.Send for New Style Folder It's Free"Parisian (Zorsei Storecorner PACE and OPERA PLACE CincinnatiOUT OF TOWN CHARGE ACCOUNTS SOLICITEDDoan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence. Has proven the result lasting.The testimony is home testimony.The proof is convincing. ,It can be investigated by Parisresidents. 'Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering tiiF.n the fall itself. Noone can ever know what I wentJ through at that time, for I suffered awfully. My back ached andpained until I thought it wouldbreak in two. Sharp twinges shotthrough my kidneys and if anyonehad hit me in the back with a heavyaxe, it couldn't have hurt worse. Ipone week after using Doan's KidneyPills, I felt like a different woman,for they fixed me, up in fine shape."After -a lapse of Eight Years.Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills have made a cure for meand it has been permanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-bur-nCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oWhether correct or not, first impressions are usually lasting.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as theycannot reach the diseased portion ofthe ear. There is only one way tocure catarrhal deafness, and that isby a constitutional remedy. Catarrhal Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflamma-I lion can be reduced and this tuberestored to its . normal uunmuun,heading will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts thruthe blood on the mucous surfaces ofthe system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Medicine. Circulars free. All Druggists,75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio,(adv)mylF mmmmPreference for Buick Valve-in-Headmotor cars becomes more pronouncedeach season and this favoritismshown by the motor car purchaser oftoday has taxed the Buick factory'sproduction to the limit.Thousands are contented to awaittheir turn in Buick deliveries forBuick performance, quality, serviceand economy has completely wontheir confidence.The five hundred thousand Buickcars now in daily operation are making Buick history. Their efficiency,faithfulness and value have established this fact in the minds of theworld fi : there is no substitute"for Buick Valve-in-Head qualityand service.PRICESModel K-44 - $1595.00Model K-45 - $1595.00Model K-46 - $2235.00Model K-47 - $2465.00Model K-49 - $1865.00Model K-50 - $2895.00F. O. B. Flint. Mich. tPrices RevisedApril 1, 1920,r'.c' t:zzz ' - fc f VJ- - ,- . x t JTTui, sacinch v-3BtiA to figure why :;;?-v jjHBffw ' Kr rz.HHBl Camels sell! m V-0mLwDDDDm&DDmmmmmmmmmm. - HSmr DHDmMmmmmm. mmmu Mmjmw mm mw .m ur m dm m H B fl .mmmm Wm . Bmja ij - -jB wmW mmmt B 9 Sk. mBmmmD wmmm "' AmiXftmrmmmWmMVmmWj-mm. jr&mtfmm9nBKtmmmmmmwz:nMWjSmmnmsmmgmmwmmmmjmmsImWslaWmSmmmummmmmmmmmTmmmmmmWF lfk H IrlE'mmmmmWRKISH & DOMESTIC ffilJHH blend mAYou should know why .Camelsare so unusual, so refreshing, sosatisfying, First, quality second,Camels expert blend of choice Turkishand choice Domestic tobaccos which.you'll certainly prefer to either kincismoked straight !Camels blend makes possible "thatwonderful mellow mildness yet all thedesirable body is there ! And, Camelsnever tire your taste !You'll appreciate Camels freedomfrom any unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant cigaretty odor IFor your own satisfaction compareCamels puff by .puff with any cigarette in the world at any price ICamels are sold everywhere in scientifically sealed packages of 20 cigarettes; or ten packages ( 200 cigarettes) in a glassine-pa per-covered!carton. We strongly recommend this carton for the home or officesupply or when you travel.R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO., Winston-Salem, N. C,What has become of the old-fashionedbeau Av-ho touldn't dance sixminutes without jarring his soxdown? .oHeaping coals of fire on a man'shead won't always compel him toresort to sackcloth and ashes.Judging by the exoibitant pricessome cigars are fetching, they maybe made of genuine news printpaper.Our position simply is that a girlisn't as sweet as candy if she'spowderad like a marshmallow.Another reason why a girl shouldtake vocal lessors is because if sheever has to raise any children shewill need a lot of voice.Goods can't be any better than thecharacter of the men who producethem.Rhoble d (aim (aW3CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE.FOUNDED 1877CINCINNATIis CaptivatingThat's what Charles Dickens saidof Cincinnati . when he was heremany years ago. He liked it sowell he came back again !"-"i C-S.He was particularly struck with the''wonderful hospitality" of the peorpie here.That was manyyears ago, but ourhospitality hasn'tchanged any!You will say we are"captivating" and" wonderfully v hospitable" also, after you have spent a timewith us. There are many more interesting and beautiful sights to see now thanthere were in Dickens' time. He didn'tf sec any Zoo, for instance, or Art MuseumI orRookwood Potteries, or Union Centralsaw"MMOne o! the ForemostStores in the CountryKnown as one of the landmarks inCincinnati.Located on historic FountainSquare, the center of the activities ofthe city in a building containing140,000 square feetof floor space.The display windows are the. mostBuilding.attractive.The interior of thestore is filled withchoice merchandiseBestofallTheMab'ley -Mabky & Carew One of Cincinnati's Landmarks & arew Companypolicy oi selling nighgrade merchandise at reasonable pricesenables one to save considerable moneyon the purchases made here.Our rest rooms and the parcel checkingservice are at your disposal withoutcost.'( All Dickens saw and much more is waitI ing for you now. Come and see "Cap' tivating Cincinnati"Dickens was Right!yYour next trip to Cincinnati will beprofitable and enjoyable if you make ita point to visit THE MABLEY &CAREW COMPANY.vvhabley fd (awv (aCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE.FOUNDED 1S77-1"-vlWhen better automobiles are built, Buick will build them1 ' 11 !. !- JV.J JEWS? - utThe C. S. Ball Garageh v Cor. rpurth and Pleasant Sts. .r g."-V.re -trf, 'I'Vr-rtiIII jf C I N C iANNATI OHIOl.w ' t;j m' " : ' f,:' ' " " i "-'j m BmmmmmymwiimiiSsitJxMK , ,! r-v, ' ;; ' ,, .;-.. -.. JW' -,k.... i,A,-J 4 -, -1 v Wt-V'-'OT mtom n.-. JfeMA. .Ji.JayftaLtw. ImmtMm tlfilMtiMi MMstpstI-ft...35tor -il Vif J..iTKsrrfi - J vw.3, , , rTSWi J) " ' ' , ' ' ,THV"yw ft 2w5s - vj j -f r. -ygr w ''fT j" -V'--V. i r t i. ,' fTHE BOURBON NFWS, PAfHS, KEN.TO:pKY, Friday, jurril, 2. 4121.FACHF0UE.V"' "SVIKl1.rl .U .is 'hir'fri .ssif,v's'fvVrV9 ?. .:. sIw,'v ''Tf,isjrvwtIXMiXISX3SK!S5CTHE! Mutual Life InsuranceI of New YorkAssets $673,714,293.83Dividends to Policy Holders, 1919$22,407,417.00R.M. JOMNSOINSpecial RepresentativeOffice with Paris Realty Co.MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYAlamo Afternoon-- - ' - - - 'w - mr - mm w mm m mvmtmm' mw mm w fc mmh mm 1WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28JW8Sm1wMmk .'lmmM4MtMi .mmmMkmWlk i nwSmwm&Wl A? if kibizmSmTmWMfi&'&tWM v; ,m illkl r W2& o4 ,umWW&WMtiMumwL ':Wm. N. Selig's Sensational Animal SerialTHE LOST CITYOF THE AFRICAN JUNGLESWith Juanita Hansen25 Centswill Buya big package ofP0STUMCEREAL. -weighing over a pound, net.What are you paying forcoffee?-HOTES PROM THE LODGES .At Ihe recentN meetihs: of Bourbon Lodge I. O.. F., the initiatorydegree wa,, conferred on two candiCo.dates, M. B. Williams and H. C.Graves. The First Degree will beconferred on these and other initiatory candidates at tlie meeting tobe held next Monday night.The members of Imperial" Encampment I. 0. Q- F. are requestedto meet promptly at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow (Saturday) night, as therewill be work in the Pa,riarchialDegree.Through mistaken informationTHE NEWS published in Tuesday'sissue an item to the effect that theinspection meeting of A. J'. LoyelyCompany, No. 34, Uniform Rank,Knights of Pythias, would be heldWednesday night. The correctdateis next Wednesday night, April is.N - BUY NOW!Seed Sweet Potatoes, and "savemoney. They will be much highernext week.. BUSY BEE CASH STORE.Headquarters for Garden Seeds.0-3-40(XIOpera House at Night4S .uiv.I.RELIGIOUS. I::;: IThe A?d Society of the Presbyterian church will hold an all-daymeeting in the church parlorsTuesday. An election of officers .forihe ensuing term will be held andother important business , matterswill come up for consideration. Afull attendance of the membershipis requested.Next Sunday will be "CradleRoll Day" at the Paris Methodistchurch. The membership of t theCradle Roll is composed of oversixty "young people," who. are expected ,to attend the morning service, accompanied, by their mothers.The sermon will be on a subject appropriate to the occasion. The littleones who are over three years' oldwill be promoted to the Beginners'Class, and begin regular attendanceat the Sunday school. The ordinance of baptism will be administered to children a't'the opening of theservice.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.Two more Sundays of the ModelChurch Campaign. One hundredper cent, attendance at all of theservices these two weeks is the goal,Rev. T. S. Smylie, the pastor, willpreach at both services on -Sunday,the morning subject being "The inrterchurch World Movement," andihe evening subject being "Spirit-,ualism, or Can the Dead Speak tothe Living." Hours of service:Sunday School, 9:30 a. m.; Christian Endeavor, 6:45 p. m.; Preaching, 11:00 a. m., and 7:30 p. m. Acordial welcome to all.(Contributed)The men of . the Christianchurch were well entertained by thecommittee selected by Rev. Ellis forthat purpose last Friday evening.There were about 120 present to eniov the music, singing and thesumptuous banquet which was prepared and seived by the ladies oithe church. In addition'to this theyheld mock trials, at which two ofthe Deacons were tried and convicted, each of whom were finedan amount equal to one-half of theexpense of the banquet. Many ofthose who attended the trials andassisted in the prosecution, areanxiously hoping that the convictedDeacons wfll ask and be granted anew trial in order- that they, mayhave the opportunity of -enjoying another such feast and entertainment.County Clerk Pearce Patonissued a marriage license to MackScott. 23, residence, Knoxville.Tenn., and Miss Elizabeth WebbDavidson, 24, residence, Paris.BEVINS PARKER.- Raymond Parker, twenty, andMiss Lillie Bevins, eighteen, both ofBourbon county, secured marriageliecense here and were marriedWednesday at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.bSEED CORNReid's Yellow Dent, 98 percent. germination. Homegjown. Delivered in Paris at$4.00 per bushel, sacks to bereturned.C. C. HADDEN,Route 1, Paris, Ky:UG-3t)oHEALTH BOARDS ORDER TOMERCHANTS OF PARISTo the Merchants of Paris:You are especially Ordered to putyour business properties in good sanitary condition within the nextbi-ven days. This means not onlythe back yards, where, every conc enable ill material is bulked, butthe inteiior of your business houses,meat shops, groceries, confectionery,bakeiies and fish and fruit standsmust put their places in good sanitary condition and keep them agreeable to this order or prosecutionwill follow.From the date of publication ofthis notice no' merchant willbe permitted tc- expose for sale anyvegetables, meals, fish, fruit or otherTwiriPiuvhlp m-oducts used for eating-purposes unless properly screened orcovered in such a manner as to pievent the possibility of the entranceof flis or other insects which maybe disease carriers.unnv having failed to complywith the "Qlean-Up Day" effort, are fnow ordered by the Board to ao so .without delay. This refers to property owners generally throughoutthe city. All manner ot ruDDisn."arbage, etc., comes' under thisorder.C. G. DAUGHERTY,JO. S. VARDEN,A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the City, Board of Health.( 2 3apr-4 1)Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstIhe estate of the late Mrs. E. F.Spears are hereby requested to present them-" properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrators, for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe late Mrs. E. F. Spears, are-herebyrequested to call on the undersignedAdministrators, and make promptnrwi full settlement of such indebt-JJedness.1 x WOODFORD SPEARS,Administrators of Mrs. E. F. Spears,' deceased. .. oMATRIMONIAL.Rich ManYoung, robust, full of ambition and enthusiasm. A Life Insurance Companyoffered him a $10,000. estate for $200down and $4.00 a week, guaranteeingthat if he should die 10,000 would bepaid at once to his estate.Poor ManHe put off final arragements until the$200 was a "little more convenient. Inthe meantime he was taken ill, the LifeInsurance Company could do nothinguntil he was in good health again.Beggar ManGood health never came. Salary stoppedand money gone relatives asked to takecjire of wife and baby.ThiefProcrastination has robbed his widow ofeven the comforts of life, as she toils tosupport the little one.DON'T PUT OFF LIFE INSURANCE!R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentThe Northwestern . MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank Bldg.PARIS, KY.Assets $440,861,775.75Annual Dividend to Policy Holders in 1920 $16,100,000.00ESZ38IInvestment Talk No. 1Sleep and SafetyI In these days of "High Finance" the man-who is looking for a safe and profitableinvestment should not listen to the "sirensong" of the clever stock salesman.He wants concrete facts and sound advice,based on experience.& He wants securities that insure sleep andsafety.Founded in 1872 as a private bank, we have arecord of almost fifty years of honest and efficient service. We limit our recommendationsto the highest class of investments, do not employ salesmen and solicit investment businesspurejy on a service basis.1$ Ask your banker concerning us and write foradvice about investments.J. J. B. HILLIARD & SON130 SOUTH FIFTH STREETLOUISVILLE, KY.eraNOTICE!1$ Owirig to the increase, in my opticalbusiness I amcompelled to discontinue the -jewelrybusiness entirely, and will now. specialize only in the practice of optometry (testing eyes and fitting glasses).I thank my patrons for past favors andsolicit their future patronage.9 Fourteen years practical experience. See .me and see right.DR. O. L. PRYEEYESIGHT SPECIALISTBoth Phones - , Paris, Ky.IrMfri rH C23apf-3wks) . , - v,.tv-.,if5V'As-i ,v,fr'::Ai. 1A'2 ?. '"sTy ir VCft-V!.' 4.oi '""Vv&H, - ' -FRIDAY, APRIL 2S, 1920.,THE? BCtURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,- -J-ipack fitsu!ji0wnfa4B&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comimgs aid Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WOOL WANTED.We are in the mirktt forw and will pay the highestmarket price. Call at eitheroffice for sacks an twine.CHAS.S. BRENT & BRO.(23apr-tf)-oEPISCOPAL BAZAARBeginning at 9:30 o'clock tomorrow morning the ladies of St.Peter's Episcopal church will conduct a bazaar in the office of .theParis Realty Co., on Main street, between Fifth a-nd Sixth streets. Theywill have a variety of useful and ornamental articles, besides edibles ontale at very reasonable prices. Thisi Mrs. S. E. McClannhnn in7r' ?nd Mrs" Harry Stamlerand son have leturned from a winter s outing in Florida.wTwn" mUth Morsan Gordon, ofRpSV1iIe'.Tenn" is a Se8t of Misstfelle Horton, near ParishnTni' D-pn Schlosser, ' of Colum?us hi0 -s a guest of her mother,.. -ume cancer, m this city.' -L price will leave to-mor-w ior unicago, to visit his daughter Mrs. William Teller and Mr.Teller. ,ox,"-"3?188 T"lie Larue. of nearShawhan, is a guest of her niece,Miss. Corrilla Eberhardt, at Georgetown. faMiss Frances Kenney, of Paris,- .. cu ul itj.is jeainerstone, atmedi-will be an excellent opportunity to; the Kentucky College for Women inpatronize a worthy cause.aKILLS BARE BIRDA fine specimen of the Californiabarn owl, a bird rare in this sectionof the country, measuring four feetfrom tip to tip, was killed recentlyby Robert Winn White, young sonof Mr. and Mrs. Chas. K. White, inthe yard at his parent's home, nearthis city.The bird was presented to Superintendent of County Schools J. B.Caywood, who lias sent it to a taxedermist to be mounted.ICE COMPANY TO RESUME OPERATIONS.With the sure return of warn;weather and the assurance of anample supply of water in Stonerrrfek for the jmrnose. the nlant oftbe Paris Ice Manufacturing Co., ; operation in the Mayo Bros.' HosDanville,-Mrs. Mitchell Jackson is entertaining as guest at the Hotel Fordham her sister, Mrs. Edward Summers, of Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Brice Leach andson, Jack, of Glasgow, aie guestsof Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson, atthe Hotel Windsor.Mrs. Russell Clayton was hostess -at the Sweet Shop Wednesdayafternoon to the members of theWednesday Bridge Club.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Legg, ofHand ley, W. Va., are guests of thendaughter, Mrs. F. J. Trisler, andMr. Trisler, on Eighth street.Mrs. Thomas Evans, who hasbeen a guest during the winter ofDr. and Mrs. W. T. Brooks, has returned to her home in Boston, -Mass.Mr. and Ms. H. Clay Owenshave gone to Rochester, Minn.,wheie Mrs. Owens will undergo anwhich has been undergoing extensive repairs during the winter season, will soon resume work for thesummer. Steam was raised in theboilers Tuesday, and the machinerygiven a pactical test. The plantwill make forty tons of ice dailyduring the heated term.MUSCADINE PUNCH TAKING DAYIN SALES.Everybody is calling for Muscadine Punch) the new drink that sefAmerican soldieis to talking aboutit. On sale every day at(It) CRAVEN'S RESTAURANT.oWOOL WANTED.Highest market price. CallHarvey Kibler, at mule barn,for sacks and twine.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(apr20-2mo)CO-OPERATIVE GROCERY MOVEMENT.Heads of sixty-five railroad families residing in Paris weie addressedMonday night at the Knights ofPythias Hall by W. H. Fisher andW. H. Smith of Louisville, in theinterest of the movement recentlystarted in Paris looking toward theestablishment here of a co-operativegrocery, meat and provision store.The aims find objects of the enterprise were explained by thespeakers, after which the meetinglook up the question of financing theconcern. It was proposed to startthe store with a capital of $10,000,and make it a community buying organization. Tiie sum of $500 wasquickly raised among those present,with the piomise of as much or morpin a short time. The matter of seeming a location for the store wasleft to a future meeting, or untilsuch time as the financial supporthas been assured.oSPICK-AND-SPAN AT CAHAL'SBARBER SHOP.Our shop has been newly paperedand painted, and made most inviting. We employ four polite andexperienced white barbers. Specialattention given to cutting childrens"hair nnd shininir ladies' shoes. We Ican say with confidence that wehave- the best-appointed barbershop in Parjs. For comfort, convenience and "that satisfied feeling'' patronize our shop.(23-3t) CAHAL BROS.. oLOCAL AUTOMOBILE DEALERSEORM ASSOCIATIONpital..Mr. and Mis. A. L. Stephensonand daughter, Miss Sara Stephenson, motored to Danville, Wednesday, for a few days' visit to relatives and friends. yMiss Patsey Clarke is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,where she underwent an operationfor appendicitis. Wednesday, performed by Drs. Daugherty and Orr.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, ofHarrodsburg, aie guests of theirdaughter. Mrs. Louis T. Lilleston,and Mr. Lilleston, at their home onHouston avenue. 'The young ladies of the Catholic church gave a euchre at theParish House on High street lastnight, which was well attended. Amusical program, was rendered andlunch served.WiM S. Arnsparger, secretary ofthe Bourbon Building & Loan Association, is a patient at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where he underwent a surgical operation Tuesday afternoon.Mrs. James W. Thompson, ofParis, was one of the guests Monday afternoon at a bridge partygiven in Lexington by Mis. Alexander Campbell, in honor of MissMartha Chambers and Mis. AddisonHagan, 'of Richmond, Virgin ia.C. M. Mansfield, of Scottcounty, a foimer lesideirt of Bouibon, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. Mr.Mansfield recently underwent a surgical operation at the Hospital, performed by Drs. Stoeckenger andprescriptions for whisky forcinal purposes.W. J. Barr ana family have returned from a visit to the familyof W. M. Jones, in Flemingsburg. ,Mrs. Wm. E. Board, of the Norton Infirmary, Louisville, is a guestof Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, andher son, Lyons Board, on Pleasantstreet.Jos. Guilfoyle, who has been ina serious condition at the MassieMemorial Hospital, following anoperation for appendicitis, is improving slowly.Fay Ardery, who is confined tobis home suffering from an injuryto his foot, caused by stepping onan upturned nail, is improving, andwill soon be able to resume his du-ties with the Ardery Drug Co.Several parties of amusementseekeis 'will go to Lexington thisafternoon and -night to see adorableMitzi Hajos, in ','Head, Over Heels."Others will make the. trip to-morrow.The Lexington races willalso be an attraction for large numbers from this city and county.oMOTORCADE TO VISIT PARISTO-MORROW.Farmers, and business men of thecity and county will have an opportunity lo-morrow morning to witness actual demonstrations of thevalue of the motor truck as a common carrier, when the motorcade oftrucks, which left Lexington, Monday morning, will be here. Twentyfour autc trucks, of different makesand models, will be in the cravan,which is under the charge of Maj.Thomas Short.The visitors will be welcomed ontheir arrival here by a local committee composed of R. C. Ruggles,chairman; Chos. A Webber, MayorE. B. January, County Judge GeorgeBatterton, Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshall, Coroner Rudolph Davis,Chief of Police Fred Link and J. T.Tadlock.ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)oTHE CHEAPEST SWEET Otf THEMARKET.We have a- fine lot of New OrleansMolasses at $1.25 per gallon. Thisis the cheapest sweet on the market.Better get in on 'this while you can.(It) , C. P. COOK & CO.For SaleA Dodge touring car. Call Homtphone 408 (23-tf)For SaleA Quaker Electric "Vacuum Jcleaner, with all necessaiy attach-ments. Is in perfect condition. jMRS. CHAS. N. F1THIAN, J(It) 31 Pleasant Street, jFor SaleKenney, and is doing nicely. !Former, Governor James D. Choice tomato plants forRinrv nf Ttarhniirsville. whs n ciiRsd. I Ponderosa, Stone, Chalk'sof friends in this city Wednesday.Mr. Black was here for the purposeof giving the drug stoies and physicians additional instructions in regard to the new law affecting filling;aleEarlyJewel, Acme and Earliana. Allplants in season. One and one-halfblocks from car line.JOS. LAVIN,(23-4t) 332 W. Eighth St.Why Not Get Into a Paying BusinessInvestigate THE ADAMS-BAR RE SYSTEM of Vulcanizing and Retreading THE SCIENTIFIC, SATISFACTION SYSTEM. Co-operativeBuying, Advertising, Brains. 200 Service Stations Established. Whywork for the other fellow?The Guarantee Vulcanizing & Sales Co.138-140 West Seventh Street. Cincinnati, Ohio Canal 2618.ijjJIIHIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHIIIII (gWilliam K. Hagan G- ybNArchitects c- Engineer.FICT NATIONAL BANK PaE.1, KY.In these days of co-operation., organization and federation, when allkinds of business is being mergedand consolidated, and banding together for mutual interest and protection, the 'list has grown steadily.One of ihe latest in this line is theformation of an association by thettitomobrle dealers of Paris.At a meeting of -the local dealers,held in this city Wednesday, an organization was perfected with R. C.PmririsD n.r t Vi ck "Riiprprlpc "Vfntnr Co..m presfdent, and C. A. Webber,-of thepresident. Tlie object of the association was staited as being for thepiomotion of tbr- collective interestsof the members, for co-opeiation,and for their own protection, especiallv from the unscrupulous outside competition, whose representatives come to Paris and transactbusiness in this territory withoutbeing required to pay the samelicense that is imposed-on the localdealcis. It developed during theprogress of the meeting that an effort had been made to have the outsiders pay license, but that very little encouragement had been receivedin that respect. It is the intentionof the garage men to see that thiscomtwtition comes into Palis. on thefame footing as themselves, and that . .they will be made to bear their justproportion of the obligations whichthe local men, who pay taxes andcity license hene and conduct theirbusiness in the old "home town haveto bear. -' -vWhen You Want Your ShoesMended, Do You Take Them to aBlacksmith?Sure, this qliery sounds foolish but somepeople are just that judicious about whereihey take their Automobile Starting andLightiifg Batteries for inspection, careand repair.Make No Mistake !Let Exide Service, dependable and nation.-wide, care for your, battery troubles, andprevent trouble when your battery is o.k.by careful inspection and proper additionof distilled water, which latter comes free.COME TO1Bourbon Exide Service Station209 Main St. , - Phone 307SI30? & CO.Main Street, Paris, Ky.1-ATTENTIONvSee Our Window Displayof Splendid Values in: Suits, Coats, Dressesand Millinery .At Reduced PricesM5ALSO ON DISPLAY A FINE LINE OFCurtain Goods and Draperiesof the bsst patterns and just the things for those who are TTready forvhouse cleaning.DO"pW A I XvBut? Come Early and Get, Your Pick.siEwoisr s co.Main Street, Paris, KentuckyWiifritfrVlflMifft 'jif p bBBMHAVE YOUHEARD THECOLUMBIA GRAF0N0LA?The Only Non-Set Automatic Stop Talking Made. Wehave them from $50 to $250. Why buy anything but thebest?NEW COLUMBIA RECORDSALWAYS IN STOCK. COME IN AND LET US PLAYTHEM FOR YOU.No. 2857. , Wondering-; You Can't Get Loving Where There v ,Aint Any Love Lewis' Jazz Band,v ' No. 2858, Rose Room; Cairo Art Hickman Orchestra.No. 2861. Was There Ever a Pal Like You; Chloe-Burrand Jolson. '1 ' Nor 2863. All I Want js'You; When the Harvest Moon isShining Lewis James. 'No..2878.liams.I'm Sorry I Ain't Got It; Checkers Bert WilAnd Many OthersTHE J. T. flINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36nPARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingN:.1jrJ Ain-l.',?-:&2i'.i4.v:t--VA 1,v.-page sotTHE BOURBON EW& PARIS, KENTUCKYfMiyiT.'MmirM, lm.fcI 'rky"tIVb:Itw-ILfrSVsrS. 0. s.. If Constipated, Biliousor Headachy, take N ?"Cascarets" 1LIKE NEW MANAFTER MAKING28POUND GAINSick headaches, biliousness, coated tongue, or sour, gassy stomachalways trace this to torpid liver;delayed, fermenting food in the bowels. Poisonous matter clogged in theintestines, instead of being cast outof the system is re-absorbed into theblood. When this poison reachesthe delicate brain tissue it causescongestion and that dull, throbbingand sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigested food and foul gases, take the excess bile from the liver and carryout all the constipated waste matterand poisons ki the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will surelystraighten you out by morning. Theywork while you sleep.(adv)oEvery cloud has a silver lining,which unfortunately is more thancan be said of every pocket.Remarkable And Convincing: Storyof Trutonal Restorative Powers Told By Mr. lee.As mrch thrift is required inkeeping as in acquiring.INVENTIVE GENIUSROBS CALOMEL OFNAU3EAAND DANGERDoctors Pavorvfca Medicine Now4 Purified and Refined from. All- Objectionable Effects. "Calo' tabs' 'the 2Tew Kaae. -'What will human inmiity do next?Smokeless p.-v ' -inlrss telegraphy,lior.-ele.s? c: ri -v. , oJoioss iodine, tateIcki iui::;m' v mo5 naiwalejss calom 1. The iter. lu 4 oveMcnl called "Calot3" i? ieiv oil s.'Jo at drnjr-tore?.For b:;i. ':i!es, coctinaMru a::d iiiuir ritan the n -w cr ei tablet is a p:acttesTv p-l"t veil .,. as eiidciceil byrlir laci ihuc rho niamiractumrs have au-tIiiI.A-lril vl.-iisi ts to lefuud tie priceif Pie Mi'.romt.r j, m, "perfect! v delighted"wllh Calotsbs. One taHcc at bedtime witha -wallow of vato.- that's all. No taste,bo upturn, no giipin?, no salts. "By moi fling oiv liver 23 thoroughly cleansed andyou are feeling fine, v.ith a hearty appetite. Eat what yon please no danger goabout your business.Oalotabs are not sold in bulk. Get anoriginal package, sealed. Price, thirtylive centi. (adv.)LOUISVILLE, KY., April 23,1920. "I'll swear hy Trutona andI never expect to be without itagain." And why shouldn't I? After I had spent hundreds of dollarsfor other medicines, one bottle ofTrutona did" me as much good as allthe rest put together. It placed mysystem in perfect condition and I'vegained twenty-eight pounds in thebargain." In his own words, theforegoing is what Trutona, the Perfect Tonic has done for Harry Lee,n employe of the Seelbach hotel,who lives at 1661 Gallagher Street,Louisville.'"Saomach trouble together withthe after-effects of an attack ofpneumonia caused a general breakdown in my health," he continued,"I became constipated and sufferedheadaches. My appetite was verypoor, it seemed I never wanted anything but a cup of coffee. I didn'tfcleep Avell at night.""Well sir, I. weighed only 130pounds when I began using Trutonabut to-day I lip the scales at 159 apain of 28 pounds. And I feel justlike a new man, too. My constipa11011 has been relieved. I haven'thad a headache for weeks and myformer nervousness is a thing of thepast. I'm full of life now, enjoyingmy work -and I know I'm in perfectphysical condition. My father-in-law7and my thirteen-year-old sonalso took Trutona and it helpedthem greatly. My boy's strong andhealthy and gaining weight now."Trutona is sold in Paris at Varden & Son's drug store. (adv)I Maybe you also have observedthat a fat man who dresses like aj college boy doesn't look or talk likeone.oARE YOU HAPPY?i To be happy you must be well. Ityou are frequently troubled withconstipation ana maigesuon youcannot be altogether happy. TakeChamberlain's Tablets to correctrhese disordeis. They are promptand effectual, easy and pleasant totake.(adv)MHIXJi. ,"itStt 'VOwe Their Health ToLrdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound overshadowingindeed is the success of this great medicine. Compared withit, all other medicines for women's ills seem to be experiments.Why is it so successful ? Simply because of its sterling worthFor over forty years it has hud no equal. Women for twogenerations have depended upon it with confidence.Thousands of Their Letters are on our files, whichprove these statements to be facts, not mere boasting.Here Are Two Sample Letters:Mather and Daughter Helped.Middleburg, Pa. "I am gladto state that Lydia E. Pinkham'sVsetableCompounddidmemachgood when I was 35 years old. Iwas run down with female troubleand was not able to do anything,could not walk for a year andcould not work. J. had treatmentfrom a physiciaifbut did not gain.1 read in the papers and booksabout Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and decided totry 'it The first few bottles gaveme relief and I kept on using ituntil I got better and was able tocccnywDr'.l. Th 2 Vegetable Ccmp oua J 31sd regulated my daughtervhtn shivras 15 years'old. I canv ,,onmon i es:etabIeCompo;:r.d0 the bt nicdici le I have ever-. ni.v:-s. W. Yerger, E. 3,l:o:21, Middlcbarg, Pa.Fall River, Mass. "Threeyears ago I gave birth to a littlegirl and after she was born I didnot pick up well. I doctored fortwo months and my condition remained the same. One day oneof your little book3 was left atmy door and my husband suggested that I try abottle of LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I started it immediatelyand I felt better and could eatbetter after the first bottle, andI continued taking it for sometime. Last year I gave birth toa baby boy and had a much easiertime as I took the VegetableComppund for four months beforebaby came. On getting up I hadno pains like I had before, and nodizziness, and in two weeks feltabout as well as ever." Mrs.Thomas Wilkinson, 363 Colombia Street, Pall Eiver, Mass.Wise Is the TToman Who Insists Upon Having?M1 "mmmiKBSmaller Cars&,iLJLE-i ILiL-k.World's" W KT. P""TT"J AMost romilar I iresJO. JL.JL iAuuiinsuaiinuiimiiiniuuHiH4iiiuiiiiuiiiniiiiiHiuwiiiunwuiuiiiiiiuiiiiiii!uiimiuiiiiMii iiimuiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiin iiiuiuuiiiiiiiniiuini m ttumu H mi n i n ' n n 1 1 iiimi i hi ii nnui iMiutmm jit n m uii uhu ii ttutttiiummt iNo tires bearing the Goodyear name, not eventhe famous Goodyear Cords which equip theworld's highest'priced cars, embody a higherrelative value than do Goodyear Tires inthe 30x3-, 30x3, and 31x4-inch sizesIn these tires owners of Ford, Chevrolet,Dort, Maxwell and other cars taking theabove sizes are afforded a measure of performance and service such as only theworld's largest tire factory devoted to thesesizes can supplyAll that this company's experience andmethods have accomplished in these tires isavailable to you now at the nearest GoodyearService StationGo to this Service Station Dealer for thesetires, and for Goodyear Heavy Tourist TubesHe has them30 x 3lz Goodyear Double-Cure $ O O 5 0Fabric, All-Weather Tread JJ30 x 3y2 Goodyear Single-Cure $ ''l - 50Fabric, Anti-Skid Tread .Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are thick, strong tubes matreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with, acheap tube? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes cost little morethan tubes of less mei-it. 30x3! size in water- $50proof bag '"You needn't pet on your uppersjust because you're the sole owner ofa new pair of shoes.oA good provider is not necessarilya fellow who feeds the Kitty in ;poker game.The lact that everything is sohigh is lesponsible for most of usbeing on our uppers.oMany a fellow neglects to put hirjbest foot foiward because he is natarallv backward.I BEST FOR HOME SHINESI SAVE THE LEATHERi THE BIG VALUE PACKAGESfi PASTES AND LIQUIDS For EIack' 2f'w&Sai?lk BrownH Trie C -c taitev rnppnDATinvc Trn miPPAio vr vg w. .-.. wr i ii im "BiiwBiiinnTTiM ni3tmip-jy?Mj The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like These ijggaaiiiiAiiMMimwu.jj-maasismMiiiiw.Spring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTIN'G AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work forLOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANEBHOS.PARIS, KENTUCKYft(fill1. wMAIN STREETlillfll1lTiflitT7'ff-:T-T,tlElectric Irons, ChafinsrDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERESPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEilEliRiMittlllltnIVI Home Phone 399 PARIS, KENTUCKY E; (till July 1)y i i Er i i5Furs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest m irket price for Fur3, Hides, Woo"Scrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andI Eggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, KentuckyThe News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason' Work Pone RightiM:,!. v';aVr v'-3jJ'Friday, APaq, 23, 1930. mE bqtjrbQN yfiWS, PARIS, rCSt - :-i'AETCEC !.AKRONMANKentucky's Greatest Clothing Institution-?"There's Nothing Like Tanlac" De-clares Clarence SufferedSix Years.-"W IMFSlenderisingthe Full FigureIf you are of ncavy or mediumbuild you will fmd thatwill give you comfort and atrim graceful figure.Of especial appeal to the largewoman is the strongbelt webbing over the abdomen andthe reinforced back and hiplines. Rengd Corsets growold gracefully." Youth, beauty and charm are coming halfway to meet you. The Ren gois scientifically made for fullfigured women.Rengo Corsets are economically priced from $3 to $10Frank & Co.29-1DWxn x JCiir fjfc:YJVilVrSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlectricitifor LightingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You! UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncontedSPRINGSHOWINGLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.Dtpartmt nt Store7th and Main Pans, Ky-. r&LkJQzcT'""I count myself lucky that I gotTanlac, for since I began taking itI have gotten rid of a case of indigestion that had followed me for sixyears and have gained eighteenpounds in weight besides," was thestatement made a few days ago byClarence E. Hall, a well-known employe of the Goodrich Rubber Company, living at 651 Bowery street,Akron, Ohio."For years," said Mr. Hall in explaining his case, "I could not eatany breakfast, and if I ate any supper I would just fidget about allnight iu such misery that I couldhardly get any sleep. After mealsthe worst kind of pains would startup in my stomach, and then get intomy chest and around my heart, almost cutting off my breath. Sometimes my heart would beat and palpitate at such a fearful rate as tomake me think I had heart trouble."But stomach trouble is not theonly thing Tanlac has relieved meof, for I had rheumatism in mylegs that hurt like a bad toothache.I could not stoop over and straightenup without just suffering agony,but since taking: Tanlac I never fppla rheumatic pain. I used to get sonauseated that I could hardly retain anything I would eat and I lostweight and strength, continually. Iwas troubled with dizziness so badthat at times my head seemed to bespinning around like a top, and I-as so weak and tired all the timethat I never felt like doing a lick ofwork."During the past two years Ihave been under treatment severaltimes and tried numbers of different medicines, but never found anything to help me until a friend ofmine who had taken Tanlac persuaded me to try that medicine,and then I commenced to straightenright up. All signs of stomachtrouble and rheumatism soon left meand I enjoyed fine health untilabout a year later, when I wastaken down with typhoid fever.This spell, of course, left me in aweakened condition and with, occasional touches of indigestion. So Ibegan taking Tanlac again, knowing so well what it would do, andin a few weeks' time I was on myfeet in irood shane. Mv aDnetite wasnever better than it is now and Iam eating three rousing meals a daywithout the least trouble with mystomach. I sleep like a school hoyfor ten or eleven hours a night andthat tired feeling has left me entirely. In fact, I have never feltbetter than I do now, and if I everneed medicine again I shall certainly take Tanlac. There's nothinglike it."Tanlac is sold in Paris at thePeoples' Pharmacy.(adv)"When they get ready to pokce theair routes there will be wo"k for ahthe fly cops.o 'Taking things as they come is notalways the surest plan to mak-jthings come your way.. oThere are social distinctions in allclasses. Even the washerwoman hasto draw the line somewhere.DYES HER GARMENTSBUT NONE CAN TELL"Diamond Dyes" Turn Faded, Shabby Apparel Into New.Don't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses,' blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with each'package tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a mistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)STATEMENT'-NOf TheOwnership,Etc., ofManagement':he bourbon news,published Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., for April, 1U2U, requiredby the Act of August 24, 1912. iNOTE This statement is to be made ,in duplicate, both copies to be delivered by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster Deneral(Division of Classification), Washington, D. C, and retain the other in thefiles of the postofiice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.PostoflBce Address Paris, Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholders holding one per cent, or more of totalamount of stock.)Swift Champ.Known stockholders, mortgageesand other security holders, holding!one per cent, or more of total amountof bonds, mortgages or otner &ecun-ties.None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 23rd day of April, lyu.. C. K. THOMAS,'Notary Public Bourbon Co., Ky iMv Commission expires January!ie, 1922.Cpyngfcrj5W Tbc-wI -VOU see it in some of your friends most of them.-- Feel it when you meet. Remember it after you part. It's an indefinable impression that lingers. The reason why is hard to check up. But thhis sure most of it is what you see, the tout ensemble.Your friends are like you they remember most what they see when they meetyou. And this is even truer with the strangers you meet. They think, though,they may not say a word, of the things they see your appearance. Bettercome to Louisville.Make Your Savings EarnWhy Conservative Investors, Banks and other OrganizationsInvest in our 6 First Mortgage Gold Bonds.They are firstmortgage on improved real estata,M'orth 10'J more than amount of mortgage.They yield 6$, the best rate of interest consistent with Bafety,They are always worth 100 cents on the dollar. Not effectod by wars, strikes, economicchanges, etc,They are guaranteed both as to principal and interest by this Company -with assets of$1,000,000,This Company has been in business 12 years and has furnished investment for millions ofdollars in first mortgages without tlie loss of a dollar and without trouble or worry to theinvestor.Maturities 2 to 12 years in amounts of $100, $500, $1000,Other Information Gladly Given.Consolidated Realty Company231 South Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.E. S, Woosley, Manager C. C. Hieatt, Presldeat Henry M. JohnsonBond Department Sec'jr and Gen. CounselFEEDCorn,GET OUREPINGER & COMPANY1 (apr 9:8t-F)Uvme ef figposabciocrPersonalityThis Clothing Institution, established 50 years ago at Versailles, Ky,,later moved to Lexington, and then to Frankfort and finally located in Louisville is as truly a Store of the Commonwealth ofKentucky as of the city of Louisville. 'fUk Store ofi Standardized Values,(rutcherjSurksFOURTH AND 1f JEFFERSON.Granville R.Burfon 6 SonsLouisville,Louisville's Middle NameOats, Hay, Tankage,Cotton Seed Meal .PRICESiLOUISVILLE, KY.iMmgnBQHnHjHnaBHMMHjHjMU. S. AIs Crutcher & StarksLUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates. .We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset. KentuckySend That Next oE of Printing to TbBourb on N e ws. Bf it" Work; Right PrtciTJmi-A-- ,"' &inv-jVIi-,?' n..',UJJiJ-. II. J .Jxz.Sftmi.'tJ-nif.' H!iM5.- :Ti:jr .msJW-3,i ;VJ :Ttt.'knh,' Cr $&''$. k . . h.. ' ,- - ,F.$&&':' rr - 'aa :. , " T'-ir'r- :& tu .jt iri" ' ?t -,A3.-r -s...r-.'rv-rVf t j'SO'("waw.. .r'. -", ', . : - si,.;-j" . - iV, r J b-2 " - I W " . " ';'.Etf iBs s' jr)V-' i -..Y . sfL ;vrrr "iypage HeightTHET-BOURBON NEWSt PARIS, JKETUCKYYFRIDAY, APRIL 23, 19J0.2E--- ,,'ivIII5VLvSTtorffit$B:l'fc- .Xtr v::jMILLERSBURGDr. C. B. Smith, continues to improve at Massie Memorial Hospital,Paris.Squire E. P. Thompson is stillfined to his home, but is some"wfcat improved.Mrs. C. B. Smith, who is withker husband, Dr. -C. B. Smith, atM86ie Memorial. Hospital, Paris,iras at home .Tuesday.'Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Thomason-sored Wednesday from their homerecently sold to Mr. J. O. Ralls, to aart of the home of Dr. C. B. Smith.-Don't fail to see tiie truck demonstration. It will begin here aton to-day, and will last abouttwo hours. Let everybody come totown.The Ladies' Missionary Societyf the Methodist Church held an allday meeting at the church Wednesday. " An interesting program wasrendered, and considerable businesstransacted. A lunch was served atnoon, at the home of Miss EugeniaWadell. "The Millersburg Dancing Clubgave a dance Wednesday evening ajtthe Opera House, which was well attended. A lunch consisting of sandwiches was served by the Club.---For the sixth time since lastNovember Hinkston has reached theflood stage at Millersburg. Theheavy rains of Monday and Tuesrday put all streams on a rampage,and all traffic on the Maysville pikesouth of Millersburg was cut offWednesday. The heavy rains inthis community also did considerabledamage to gardens, fencing andltobacco beds, one farmer having lostfour beds.Rev.. Coleman of Louisville,preached a Masonic sermon to Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M., Thursday at 7:30 p. m.. which was sood.Hejs a man well versed in Masonry,having devoted the greater part ofhis life to its study, and has traveled extensively in the Orient. HeTHF Al AMn Aklll D)ADI& ISDAlUn II- Aa:L-f.uIt27cplus3cwartax ,..3icx wv VlVrltr jll XtllliloolUlIChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 24cTODAY, FRIDAYBEATRIZ MICHELENAin "Just Squaws"An emotional drama of the Par West,Also JACK DEMPSEYin "DAREDEVIL JACK"and Sunshine Comedy, "Her PrivateHusband"Tomorrow, SaturdayTOM MOOREin "Duds"A story of mystery, love and suspense.Also a "Snub" Pollard Comedy"Waltz Me Aroind"Monday, April 26ELSIE FERGUSONin "Counterfeit"Beautiful Elsie Ferguson in a rolethat runs the gamut of her power as anemotional actressAlso a Big V Comedy"Fists and Fodder" 'Gregg's Qrchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningTHE UNIVERSAL CARFord Delivery Cars are used in fleets by "manyof the largest business firms of the country.This is because the Ford Delivery Car has solvedthe problem of safe and quick delivery with thesmallest possible expense. Easy to understand,easy to drive, and durable. A faithful servantgiving years of faithful service. We can giveyou any style of body you want. One thing issure every retail merchant will make moneybehaving a Ford Delivery Car. Come in. Let'stalk it over. We assure' you genuine Fordservice with genuine Ford parts.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky. MlWWLMkm'WmmmMt,rr . ll.: Cirlhrllj ! " wJJDl!I!1''I V m-wwrw.- -a-ifi 1JNIt t, ' ; WgyMWMgJgAY yvis a man of four score years, wellpreserved and keenly alive to everyinterest in Masonry. He will delivera Masonic lecture in the lodge roomthis evening at 7:30 o'clock, afterwhich he will confer the Palm andShell degree on all who may desireit, giving it as he received it in theOrient. Rev. Coleman has spentmany thousand dollars in his studyof Masonry, and was a co-workerwiUi (he famous Rob Morris, whosename is 'familiar with Masonry.Supt. Colvin, State Superintendent-of Public Instruction, delivered an address at the M. M. I.Hall, Monday evening, in i!he interest, of the new Graded School, whichwill open at the M. M. I. next Sep-'(ember, the county having purchased the property. Notwithstandingthe inclement weather there was agood audience present. Rev. W. W.Morton, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch, presided over the meeting.The meeting opened with, a prayerby Dr. Fisher, president of the M.C., followed-by an address by Mr. O.E. Hurst. Mr. Hurst reviewedbriefly the work of Col. and Mrs.Best in Millersburg, calling attention to (he 'conditions of the property at the time they took chargeof it, when purchased by them fromthe K. W. C. Board. HoW throughtheir efforts, the property had beenbuilt up and made what it is now.How the school' started as the M. T.S., calling attention to the evermemorable barbecue, given in thewoods of the late Mis. C. C. Clarke,after which time the M. M. I. wasstarted, closing his most appropriateaddress, with a beautiful tribute toCol. and Mrs. Best. Supt. Colvindelivered the address of the evening,which was indeed good, calling attention to the changed condition ofthe times, the necessity of freeschool education, the necessity ofbringing all classes together into onecommon body, in order that in thefuture they might be the bone andsinew of this great commonwealth,explaining the new State laws on education passed by the last Legislature. Many of our people, in fact,most of us, were under the impression that the property was purchased with the view that the countyHigh School would be conductedhere. Mr. Colvin led us to believethat, it would be for this district anddidn't speak of it as a County HighSchool, and that perhaps the ParisHigh School would be in advance ofthis district, and that we mightserve to that extent as a feeder tothat school. However, it was good,and the opposition to tfie purchaseof the-property by the county, whichwas manifested here immediately' after the sale, is rapidly passingaway. By the time the new schoolopens the most of our citizens willbe' ready to give it a hearty welcome. oATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIPT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsfIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usj book your order for what yourequire for your patch beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)BIRTHS.Equal quality and lower pricedon't need salesmanship.o-Food for reflection often gives usindigestion.Money talks, and not to have it isan unspeakable nuisance.oThe itch for success makes manya person come to the scratch.aissasisaT x-u- -1 ,..., . ..i in mm cuy, ,iast sunaay, to Hiewife of John Cantrill, a son.OUR diplomaticoolite servicesmeet with public approval. The beautiful dignity thatcharacterizes the accomplishments of thisorganization is a symbol of respectful "rea hh . v. v.' r-Ba ."i - naxHMi.k,?IBHSiaailBISif!II2IBSSIEINHaHSlB9SlBllSBIIlG21IIESII8IlEIieiIIIl!IHCox Can Win; . Kentucky Democrats, you are asked(m. sea delegates to the San F.rancisconvention pledged to nominate a man"who can win.'That man is James M. Cox, Governor, of Ohio.Here is a candidate whose record astr. yote-getter is known.Three times he has been electedGovernor of the normally RepublicanSUte of Ohio. 'Twice he was elected to Congress byWg majorities over strong opposition.He has been a winner in business,fttoby his own merit and courage. -' There is nothing in his record thathould alienate a single Democraticyote.1 There is much in his record that willcommand thousands of Independentand Republican voles.His popularity was a big factor inputting the pivotal State of Ohio intne Democratic column in 1016.' Ohio's electoral votes are -neededthis year;she can swing them.' "What other Democratic candidatefan?The Cox Movement in Kentucky isSacked, by citizens who see in the nomination of Governor Cox Democracy'sKfeKt chance for victory in State andStation.It is simply an effort to put KenIscky Democracy behind the one man"wh can win in November and, to insure' success, all factionalism shouldIte avoided and representative Demoorats f character, intelligence and in-kdpendence should he elected as dele-ft6.7GOV. JAMES M. COX OF OHIOfarm March 31,onBorn1870.Educated in cojnlry schooland high school.Worked as farmer boy, newsboy, printer's devil and reporter.Owns and publishes DaytonNews and Sprin afieldDailyDaily News.Erected toand 1911.Congress in 1909Elected Governor of Ohio in1912, 1916 and 1918.Cox Is WorthyKentucky Democrats, you are askedto send delegates -to the DemocraticNational Convention instructed tonominate a man who is worthy to sitin the White House.You 'are asked to use your influencefor the nomination of a self-made man,one who personifies the best traditionsof red-blooded Americanism.A man, who,' born on a farm, without favoring conditions, has risen fromnewsboy and printer's "devil" to reporter, from reporter to editor andpublisher of two great papers?.A man, whose neighbors, whoknow him best, have called him threetimes to the highest office in theirState, ,A man whom no interests havebeen able to swerve from what he considered to be his plain duty.A man who adjusts differences between capital and labor without resortto troops.' A keen business man who says"profiteering is the result of conditionscarrying opportunity, if not preferonce, to one individual or class overanother."-r-A normal .American, neither reactionary nor radical, the kind of manwho will re'store normal conditions ina normal, American way. vSuch a man is James M. Gor, theman who can win.COX HEADQUARTERShave been established in Rooms 1, 2and 3, The Seelbach, Louisville, whereDemocrats who want to see a winnernominated will be welcome. Come in,write or telephone.tSend Cox Delegates to the State ConventionDemocrats, if you want a winner as your Presidential candidate, if you want to see Democracy triumphant, attend the mass conventions in your county seats at 2 oclock, Saturday afternoon, May 1, and vote fordelegates who will insist on a Cox delegation to the San Francisco ConventionWomen, who will cast their votes in November, are entitled to representation and are urged to attend theseconventions. i " 'pringtime StylessandOxfordsThat Combine Style, Quality and Economy8eGple who appreciate real shoe values always buy theirfootwear at our store because they know that here theyfind better styles. , greater assortments, and at a greatsaving in price.See These Extraordinary Special ValuesLadies Spring Pumps and Oxfords,medium and high heels, . hand turnedsoles, in 'patent and glazed kid; $6.50, values at$3Ladies' Spring Style Dark Tan EnglishLace Oxfords. Glazed Kid High and t ym ffLow Heel Oxfords and Pumps, $7.50 lZJ-llvalues at tEXTRA SPECIAL OFFERINGof high grade beautiful and newest style Pumps, and Oxfords in tanand black leathers, a large variety of .styles, $8.50 values at99 iP)is' J 9AC.,L -:$5.99Ladies Tan and Black Lace Oxfords, 35.00 valuesSpecial at '.$3.49Men's New Spring Shoes and Oxfords in tan and black gun metal,8.50 values. Special at v.5.95Misses and Children's Spring Oxfords. English styles. Sizes 11 1-2 to 2 at . . . . $2.99Sizes 9 to 11 at ... . ." $2.4-9IftbGrowing Girls' and Ladies' LowHeel Pumps and Patent Strap Slippers, all sizes. Special at2.99Men's $6.00 English and MediumToe Oxfords, in gun metal. Special at :3.99Boys' and Youths' High GradeShoes and Oxfords, $5.50 values,all styles. Special at$3.49DAN GOHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign-,:'J91-wtr 'j '-s't- v ftk,- --j -n ,-? -siv --,.. -f :, - 'Sv-'j1"-V -" r . t 1 " .3fc;f'.h. '- '. ,- JZ' n' .kUJfe