&.V.it-J-f??VH,2ff CNl'ry.'rVt V I T- ,-VJsTf,THENEWSM '---,H.ix -nflv'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY J, THE YEAR.3iVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1920i;hV-.?V-JSfr4BOURBONKENTUCKY DEMOCRATS HAVELOVE FEAST IN LOUISVILLEKentucky Democrats to the number of probably nve hundred gathered in Louisville yesterday and lastnight for a set-together conferenceand love-feast at the Seelbach Hotel.The gathering comprised membersof the Kentucky Legislature, whichadjourned Wednesday night, Democratic Judges of the Kentucky Courtof Appeals, editors of the city dailiesand the country press, city andcounty officials and Congressmen, together with about 250 party leadersfrom all parts of the State.The editors of the State pressere guests at a luncheon in theirhonor at the Seelbach at one o'clockvesterday afternoon. Present at theluncheon were National DemocraticChairman Homer S. Cummins, ofWashington, and members of the.Democratic State Central Committee.Neither of the United States Senators was present, both SenatorsStanley and Beckham being detained in Washington City because ofthe expected vote this week on ratification of the peace treaty.At the banquet at the Seelbachlast night Col. P. H. Callahan presided as toastmaster. Judge Alex P.Humphreys, of Louisville, discussedState and National politics. Womenwere represented on the program byMrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, whospoke on the educational needs ofThe State. A feature of the programwas the attendance of women at thedinner. The newspapers of CentralKentucky were well represented atthe meeting, which is said to havebeen one of the greatest ever held inthe Slate.LOSSES IN KENTUCKY EROM"FIRING" TOBACCOTobacco "firing m Kentuckythis season has been attended by anunusual number of destructivefires, owing largely- to more genera!redrying, according to reports compiled by the National Board of FireUnderwriters' Actuarial Bureau.This additional step in the processof curing tobacco is undertaken because it enhances the value of theweed and is effected often by thecrude method of digging a trench inthe center of a barn and piling itwith logs which are then fired.During the "firing" the farmer concerned keeps an eye upon the process and usually manages to safeguard his premises.The figures gathered by the Act-uarial Buiean show that durinir thereriod from September 12 to No-1vember 16, 1919, there were nine-ty-two fires of this nature in Ken- ituclcy with aggregate losses of $101,-486, whereas in the entire 1918 tyear there were" only sixteen suchblazes in the State with a propertydamage amounting to ? 2 5,0 8 7.There is no suggestion of fraud inconnection with these cases, sincein a majority the insurance carriedwas appreciably less than the actuallosses iucurred.FRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGPolo CoatsSuitsSilk andJerseyiDressesChintz and GinghamWashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaists .;Plain and Fancy SkirtsFRANK &gLADlES' OUTFITTERSKENTUCKY LEGISLATURE AD-JOURNS 1920 SESSION.Virtually all of the pledges madeto the people by Governor Morrowand the Republican party were carried out by the 1920 General Assembly, which adjourned sine die atmidnight Wednesday, after the enactment of a large body of well-consideredlaws designed to bring aboutsweeping reforms of all departmentsof the State's business.Bills of first importance were considered before adjournment, although many measures, as is alwaysthe case, failed to come to a vote.Consideration was given duringthe session to every measure urgedby Governor Morrow, and all of thebills in which he was interestedwere passed with the exception ofthe measures making the dog lawoptional upon counties and the primary law optional in certain cases.Scenes of hilarity, throwing ofpaper, tossing of waste baskets,books and other things, making ofspeeches, and reading and recitingofpoems marked the end" of the session. With the adjournment of the Legislature, Goernor Morrow isuedthe following statement:"The laws passed by the GeneralAssembly have carried into effectevery platform pledge of the Republican, party. A check of promisesagainst performances will demonstrate the truthfulness of this statement. I thank the General Assembly in the .name of Kentucky forthe constructive legislation it haspassed, which will result in betterloads, better schools, more humaneand better charitable institutions,a iorward step toward a non-partisanjudiciary and a financial policywhich makes possible a most substantial reduction of the State debt."o-THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT."Spring is just over the hill," oraround the corner, groundhogweather over, and prospects brightfor something like good weather.Ere many weeks have passed the sunwill sink, like a great ball of fire,below the horizon, leaving a goldenglow in the balmy evening. Theevening zephyrs from Stoner Creekwill come to make life one longsweet dream. Then will father sitin the easy chair on the front porchwatching mother and the childrenplant and work the new garden."CA'R'MT'RS HAVING BAH -LUUh.WITH LAMBS.a prominent stock buyer te"STHE NEWS that the farmers ofBourbon county report bad luckvith their lambs this spring. Theiambs appear to have low vitality&nd die soon after birth. Theweather has been very unfavorablefor them this month, which hasbeen very unfavorable for them thisprobably caused many of them todie.-iCO.THE HOSPITAL FUND GROWING.From time immemorial, even untothe day when the Good Samaritanby the readside, rendered first-aid-to-the-injured,the alleviation of suffering has been one of the world'sprime considerations. Through theagency of hospitals, wisely administered, this has attained its highestfruition. On the field of battle, infighting epidemics, in helping thesick and suffering the hospital hasever been a potent and tecognizedforce.Such an institution is the MassieMemorial Hospital, of Paris,N a hospital that has made its mark andhas become recognized by the public, the medical fraternity, and allwho kept step with the march ofpi ogress, as a blessing' in disguise tothis community. The Hospital is inneed of funds. This has been setiorth in the Paris papers for sometime, and there is no need of extended argument. The sum of $20,000 is being raised to defray the expense of making needed impovements and adding to the equipmentof the Hospital.' The response hasbeen very liberal, 'bat there is yet abalance to be raised to completethe amount. Send your subscriptionto any bank, any merchant, or tothis office. Any place, just so yousend it.The following is an additionallist of subscriptions received latelyto the fund, which is growingsteadily:Additional subscriptions to Hospital, March 16, 1920.J. M. Alverson $20.0,0Otis T. Bacon 100.00G. K. Jones "& Son 25.00J. C. Nickerson 2.00Ben Houston 10.00Mrs. J. H. Haggard 5.00Emma Sf. Reynolds 25.00Presbvterian Sunday School- 5.00Claude Clarke 2.00J. W. Young, Jr 15.00J. W. Young, Sr 25.60W. M. Rogers 20DM. E. Rash 5.09Wm. Collins 10.00R. G. Young 2.00Robt. G. Jones 7.50Stanley Murphy 2.6Stanley S. Dickerson ' lO.OfrJE. M. Costello 15,00J. C. Bryan & Son 25.00Russell Boardman 1560B. W. Rash 10.00F. L. Ritchie ' 3.0jL. R. Jones . 5.pThos. J. Jones " 3.0fHenrv C. Smithr 25.0F. W. Sledd 1 10.60John W. Jones 25.00R. H. Wills (L. & N.) 10.QOT. S. Sandusky 5.00D. E. Dailey 2.00H. L. Roberts. 10.00P. L. Maher 5.00S. J. Bagby 5.00W. E. Garner ? 5.00Ben Wheat 5.0W. B. Ardery 25.00oAN APPEAL TO THE CITIZENSOF BOURBON COUNTYThe 'War Mothers of Bouiboncounty have agreed to undertakethe task of raising $s,000 for aState Memorial to the boys who havedied in the service. This is to beadded to a fund of $300,000 to beraised by the War Mothers of theState of Kentucky, for the puipo.seof erecting a Memorial Buliding onthe State University Campus, whichis to be used by all Kentucky boysand girls who might attend thisinstitution. yIt matters little if we approve ordisapprove, the War Mothers do,and as we all know no mortals inthis great country of ours suffers theagony as the mothers who had son3in the service.Let's all get behind them and giveit a boost and I believe the good citizen of Bourbon county will do "so.See any of the War Mothers andgive your sabscription.H. S. CAYWOOD, Chairman.INCUBATOR OIL.Use good oil. We have it.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.--aVERNAL EQUINOX TO-MORROWTo-morrow will witness the advent of the vernal equinox, "when,according to all well-known and reliable authorities, spring will beginin earnest. The days and nights atthis time will be equal length, andthe days will gradually grow longeruntil the latter part of June. Thereis usually a little flurry about Easterand after that we may expect somegood weather. At present the lamband the lion of March seem to berunning a neck-and-neck race forfirst place, as one day is bright andpretty, only to be followed by rain,hail, sleet, snow and cold weather.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Miss Nancy Dent McCartney, ofParis, is visiting ' relatives . in thiscity and county. . . .Thos. S. Drennan has returned to his home inBourbon county after a visit to hissister, and friends in this county."o -BURNING RUBBISH -CALLS FIREDEPARTMENT. 'Burn in c: rubbish in the back yardof a residence on South Main streeiTusediv night, caused an alarm ofOre to be sent in from Box 31. Thedepartment responded, but foundnothing to do.: oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.- ' a"t'Thomas, Woodford & BryanTHIS WEEK TO HONOR STATE'SHEROIC BEADA committee has beenorganized '"x .uuuiuuji county to solicit fundstor the erection of a building on thecampus of the University of Ken-tucky at Lexington, as a memorialto Kentucky soldiers whose livesin "TJ..-.T a - ... -were sacrificed m the great worldwar. The campaign is in full sway,and a great work is being done.Such a memorial should enlist theactive interest of all Bourboncounty people. The necessary fundsshould be raised easily. Bourbon.county's quota has been placed at.o,uuu. me sum or $146,000 hasana Greek in Kentucky Highalready been laised. Schools and colleges has been invit-Kentucky should keep alive the I ed to be pesent at this meeting, andname of patriotism that has showed j a brilliant program has been ar-useif so many times in the historyot tne state and of the Nation. Thegreat war found Kentucky ready todo her part. What was done by hersons who are now dead, her sons anddaughters who are living shouldwish to keep before the future citizens of the State; before boys andyoung men especially, as a constantreminder, to all generations, of theduty Aid the responsibility that areto fall upon them..Many cities and towns in Kentucky may erect memorials, but it isespecially fitting that a State memo-rial be erected as the tribute of theState to Kentuckians sacrificed inthe war. for there will be gatheredevery year the youth of all parts ofthe State; boys and young men whoare to become leaders in Kentucky.The building, devoted to student activities and to the general purposesof the University, would impressstudents constantly with the spiritof patriotism.It is proposed that the name ofevery man from the State who diedin the war be placed in the lobby ofthe building, to further endear it tothe people. That proposal shouldbe adopted. Time would not 'diminish, but would increase interest inrthe names. Each would be of legendary value to a clan. Kentuckiansj 00 .years from the present timewould visit the building in an ennobling spirit of reverence, discovering with pride the names of soldierswho were of the kith and kin oftheir ancestors, or who were theirown forbears, for not alT of thosewho gave their lives in the war weremere youths. Some were youngmen who, with more than 'the ordinal y courage of the soldier, went towar leaving at home their wivesaiT". children.Resaixiless of what other memori-ms may be reared" "to Kentuckiairs-who died in the Avar, that proposedfor the State should be builded.There should he ready response tothe campaign for funds. The response should be widespread. Thememorial should not reflect largedonations from a few well-to-doKentuckians, but .small donationsfrom many. To contribute for sucha purpose within the measure ofone's means should not be deemed ahardship, but a privilege. The solicitors should be looked upon as offersof an opportunity; not as personsrequesting that the favor of assistance, be granted. Each donor willdo something more than lay a flowerupon the graves of Kentucky's heroic dead his dead because he willcontribute toward a permanent tribute which will invite visits of succeeding generations of Kentuckians,to honor the brave whose lives weregiven for the cause of liberty and oftrue civilization in the greatest warof history.TOM SAWYER WASH SUITSFor boys, ages 3 to 8 years, arewash suits that really wash $4 andS5 and worth it.J; W. DAVIS & CO.-loY. M. C. A. OTES.The Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.announces the following EducationalService Committee: W. O. Hinton,Chairman; Y. H. Harrison, CarlBratton,' Ray Ogden and E. E.Brown. In addition to the S 4,5 00,which-the State Y. M. C. A. has forcollegiate scholarships the BourbonCounty Committee has $350 for correspondence Scholarships.Courses may be taken in anyschool on the accredited list, whichincludes the Extension Division ofthe University -of Kentucky, severalbusiness colleges of the State andthe. TTnitfifl Y. M. C. A. schools.Over 150 courses aie now offered inthe Y. M. C A. schools.o ;WOMEN NOW ELIGIBLE FORREGISTRATIONThe Neel bill providing, meanswhereby women may vote t in thisj ear's primaries and elections, if theFederal amendment is ratified, waspassed with two dissenting votes inthe Senate, Tuesday. It will enablewomen to register, and it providesfor the printing of enough ballots totake care of the increased electroate.This measure also contains provisions looking to the increase in thenumber of votinsr districts, in ac-rnrflflupp vitti the increased votingpopulation, in the future. A billpermitting women to vote in presidential elections; . previously hadbeen ' passed by the' General Assembly. SENT TO ASYLUM.In the County. Court yesterday,Louis Kendall, white, seventy-fiveyears old, was tried before a jury-and adjudged to be of unsound-mind. Kendall, who was sufferingfrom senile dementia, was taken tothe Easter-n Kentucky Hospital forthe Insane, at Lexington.PARIS HIGH "SCHOOL NOTESDr. John Miller Burnham. head nfthe Denn.rtnrTif nf T.ai-n TT-troif ty ot Cincinnati, will lecture atParis jIgh School, Friday, March26, at 2:30 p. m.Friday, March 26, will be one of! thvgreatest days Paris Hish SnTioni. - . - vr ""f uuiTtiainas had m years. On this day theKentucky Classical Association"viill be organized. Miss ElizabethRoff, teacher "of Latin in the ParisHigh School, has the work in hand,and has about completed arrangements for the meeting..Practically every teacher of Latinranged.Among the speakers are: Dr. McCartney, of Transylvania; Prof.Jones, of State University; Dr.Grinstead, of Eastern State Normal;Prof. Connor, Louisville Boys' HighSchool, and , Dr. Burnam, University of Cincinnati.Paris High continues to lead theState in the Y. M. C. A. BibleStudy contest, which will close next!week. This is a great race. ParisHigh took the lead the first week !and has never lost it.Preparations are going on now forthe examination on the lessons in the !course. The ministers of Paris are man conducted the devotional srlecturing to the boys this week, ices on Tuesday. -Holy communiOMiss Lockhart. teacher of History in was administered by Rer. F. K.the Paris High School, has in charge , Struve. The devotional exercises omthe preparations for the examina-tion.Miss Frances Butler, of the ParisHigh School, faculty, will hold theexamination about March 25. 'Miss Blanding, of the Paris HighSchool, is preparing a number ofLatin songs for the chapel choir.The Latin department will have ondisplay a large number of Latinposters. The meeting will be opento the public and friends of theschool are invited to attend.oDENIES NEW THEATRE TOBEBtJILT IMMEDIATELYJohn Elliott, president ofthe 'Phoenix Amusement Company, denied that his company is intendingto erect a new theatre immediately,should it wroenre the lease nn tTie Isite now occupied by the Leonard I W. Miller, Millersburg; Mrs. GeorgeHotel. Mr. Elliott declared that his Link, Mrs. W. M. Williams HutcHcompany is negotiating for a lease inson.en the Leonard Hotel property, butstated that plans to erect a newJtheatre had notheen taken up.He also" "deniedthatthe opera'House was to heconvertea into asraraee and the Ben AH TWtr trbe used as the theatre to produceload shows.Mr. Elliott said that should thelease be taken on the hotel propertyit is possible that a theatre will beerected" there when the companywas satisfied that the city will support another show house.II-WE KNOW HOWPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced.-Ready-to-wear clothes in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think. And themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-Bloch'SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices.EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give You-! and Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring-anywhere. The materials are of the veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standardsfor America's real red-blooded men.III I l-'UL I WamuuntLL oI REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Paris Realty Co.,Wm. F. Cain sold Tuesday a brickcottage on Main street, and a brickcottage on Pleasant street, to D. D.Wilson for-a price not given out forpublication.Bishop & Flora sold for J M. MiLean a one-story frame cottage Jocated on "Virginia avenue, to J. .WCriswell, of Nicholas county, for$2,200. Mr. McLean purchased tbcottage about two weeks ago fromGeorge Harper, and in this sale realized quite a nice profit. Mr.Criswell will move to Paris aboutApril 10, and will occupy the cottage. . oWOMAN'S MISSIONARY CONTERENCE HELD AT CYNTHIAJTArThe Woman's Missionary Societyof the Methodist church is in sessioat Cynthiana, convening for thefirst day's, session on Tuesday, at theCynthiana church, with a largenumber of delegates in attendance.The sessions are presided over "by.Mrs. James Spillman, of Burrfn.'president of the Society. Mrs. Spill-Wednesday were conducted by Mrs.C. F. Attersall, of Winchester. MiasGrace Allen, of Hood River, Oregon,the blind evangelistic singer, rendered a number of vocal selectionsReports from the superintendents ofthe various departments of workwere read. A free wilt offering of $125 was made tothe Virginia K. Johnson Homeat Dallas, Texas. The Dmville District 'was awarded thebanner for the highest number ofpoints gained in the work for the'past year. The Conference continued its sessions yesterday and willadjourn to-day.Amone those registered at themeeting were the following fromBourbon county, Mrs. nowara -Carr, Mrs. C. R. Alexander, Mrs.ChasP. Mann, Miss Laura Liiies-ton. Paris: Miss Alfa Ball, Mrs. Jaa.SEED CORN.W havt for sale Raid's Y4-0H pent anc Boon Ctunty.... -. - .L.U,!.. mmWHIW 9CO UWrn, MIUI.H.J w7jto 100 germination, grantthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specialize In cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(16mar-tf)VI n mm L. Hflfl IULDLHivanum:J-,' ''lrC$-rltMS'rSrrf!"itk.TJf-V'Vm'1kfffVlMbMif;-v.f4. 'IJtf-,,V WJ,UU r ""-!? -!( jyn-wF AC TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAKCH IS, 1J:'&'hw- "1-'It'"'.ff,'ifeY&L-vtrT:'W s1.71tt .nt-' lCMoney FoundA sam of money has been foundaa. streets of Paris. Owner maytre same by proving property andSaying: advertising" charges.(16-2t)Tenant WantedTenant to raise 12 acres of tobaccojatt& 40 acres of corn. Referencesaeguired.HUME PAYNE,iti) R. F. D. 6, Paris, Ky.Residence For SalePrivatelySrick residence at corner Elevsaih and Main streets, Paris, Ky.Contains eight rooms, sleepingjorch, new bath, gas, electricity,Iteick mantels, etc. Interior finishediK mahogany and old ivory. Two3&rge cellars. Large lot 68 by 170feet. New stieet improvements fullyjtaid for. Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,IFanners' & Traders' Bank Building,Paris, Ky. (mar5-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.3ec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.For Sale Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boai. weight275 to 300 pounds a good one.JOHN J. REDMON,R". F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.!?hone, Cumberland 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)i?ore Bred Duroc Jersey Hogs For SaleBest bloodline, good individuals.Two sows, four gilts and one boar.Will sell as a whole or separate.C. M. CLAY,vtf) Paris, Ky.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate, LiveStock, Personal Property. Lock.Box 90. Write for date.k T. PORTER SMITH,fifeorgetown, Ky.jan6-tf))Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstihc estate of Mrs. Queenie H. Rion,dec-cased, are hereby requested topresent same, properly proven, asre-Quired by law. to the undersignedadministrator, for payjnent.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs.Queenie H. Rion, deceased, are herehy requested to call on the undersigned administrator, and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.l HOUSTON RION,Administrator Mrs. Queenie H. Rion.1 Route 6, Paris, Kjr.mar2-3wks)Executor's Notice!All persons having claims against1he estate of Moses Baerlo, deceased,formerly of Cincinnati, Ohio, andParis, Ky., are requested to presentsame, properly proven, as required"fry law, to the undersigned executor,at Paris, Ky., for adjustment and.payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMoses Baerlo are requested to makeprompt and full settlement of saidindebtedness with the undersignedExecutor, at Paris. Ky.B. FRIEDMAN.12-3wks-wkly)PUBLIC SALEqfHousehold and Kitchen FurnitureHaving sold my property, I will sell at public sale, onThursday , March 25, 1920it-1:30 o'clock p, m. prompt, on Cypress Street, Paris, Kentucky,the following:Library Furniture;Dining Room Furniture, quarteiSsawecToak;Bed Room Furniture;1 handsome Hat Rack;1 Wash Stand Set;Tables, Chairs and Pictures;All the above furniture is hand carved:Iron Beds;1 Kitchen Table: . ,1 French Clock:1 Miller Range;Many other articles too numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS. J. " BROWN,EO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer Paris,' Ky.(mar 1619-23)WORK IS PLAYTOGAINS RELIEFFeels Well and Strong and WorkDoesn't Worry HerAny MoreLOUISVILLE, KY., March 18.My work seems more like play thananything else since I have takenTrutona, "Mrs. Katie Bowman, 518East Jefferson street, said a fewdays ago while discussing withfriends the remarkable benefits shehas received through the use of thePerfect Tonic. In describing in detail her relief Mrs. Bowman said:"I was all run down. My liverwas out of condition and I had noappetite. I was chiefly annoyedwith dizzy spells. I'd be walkingalong the sidewalk when suddenly Iwould become so dizzy I'd almostfall and I'd have to grasp somethingand rest a while before I could continue. "I became interested in Trutonaand decided to try it because of therelief that so many of my friendshad gained through the medicine. ILave taken four bottles of Trutonaand, believe me, it has done wonders.I have an awful appetite now and Ihave gained in weight, yes, gainedthree pounds in a very short time.That's what I needed most of all, forI had fallen off considerably. But,best of all, I don't worry about mywork anymore. I feel strong andhealthy and my duties are more likeplay than anything else."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Yarden & Son's. (adv)WantedYoung men, 17 upward, desiringRailway Mail Clerkships, $110 per! month. Write for free particulars,examinations, J. LEONARD, (formerGovernment Examiner), 935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.U. S. SCHOOL OP CIVIL SERVICE,(Incorporated.)Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price$975.STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.For SaleBuy your Piano, Player Piano orTalking Machine rrcVn one of theoldest firms in Kentucky. Wchandle the best instruments on themarket.We also make a specialty ofPiano tuning, adjusting and lepairing of all kind.J. H. TEMPLEMAN CO.,John B. Geis, Rep.Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.(9-tf)HudoalPs Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars 'Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg; and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40Arrive in Carlisle 12:20Leave Cential Hotel ....12:25Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15Arrive Millersburg 12:45Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25Both Phones 204.a.m.a.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.pm.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.WOMAN1OMAR KHAYYAM TO BE SOLD ATAUCTION.The death of the Canadian turfman, Wilfred Viau, will, accordingto reports from New 'York, necessitate the sale of his racing stable andbreeding stud, both in France and inthis country.This will place upon the marketthe six-year-old horse, Omar Khayyam winner at three of the KentuckyDerby, and sold by aucton soon afterhis victory inthe classic, to his owner for $27,500, but the horse willnot be offared until he. completeshis stud season at Clariborne Farmin Bourbon County, under the management of Arthur B. Hancock,owner of the noted breeding establishment. Omar Khayyam is one of the bestbred horses in the stud in this country, and was one of the highest-classrace horses ever seen on the American tracks. While he has as yet norepresentatives on the turf, his success in the stud seems assured, andin view of the fact that stallions ofhis ability as race horses, now command extraordinary prices, in England and in this country, the son ofMarco and Lisma, is well worth$100,000, the price said to have beenput upon him by the executors of theestate of his late owner.Omar Khayyam was bred in England and brought as a yearling by thelate C. K. G. Billings 'and FrederickJohnson, of New York.ESELU EPIDEMICThey Say Everyone Is Subject toFlu, and Urge People to BeOn Their Guard.Flu germs are everywhere, andthe health authorities advise plentyof fresh air in fighting the epidemic.If your body is able to resist you willnot get the disease. You will fightthe germ successfully.But if you have a slight cold youare not in fighting trim. You willbe unable to resist the germ and youwill succumb.Pepsotone will relieve that cold,r.o matter how severe it may be. Itwill purge the system of all impurities and soon the pure blood willrout the cold.These handy tablets have a wayof rebuilding the entire system.They refresh tiled nerves andstrengthen weakened tissues. The25c package will start you on theway to recovery.Tell your druggist that you wantprompt relief that you want Pepsotone. He has a supply a-nd willfurnish you.(adv-F-tf)TEXAS VILLAGE WIPED OUT BYFIRE.Loss estimated at more than ?3,000,000 was caused and 1,500 persons made homeless by fire whichswept Grandville, Texas, recently.Th; gerater part of the businesssection and residential portion of thecity was destroyed. Three personswere injured when a building collapsed. Automobiles, wagon and vehiclesof every description were used iocarry the homeless persons to Alverdo and tasca. Merchandise valued in the hundreds of thousands ofdollars was piled into the streets andincalculable loss caused by the water and smoke. Taking the shape ofa "V," the fire swept through thecity, and burned more . than 200homes, j Every building in the eightblocks of the business section wasengulfed by the flames.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inhe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm willpay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo. Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv)FORMER COMMISSIONER NOWRANCHING IN ARIZONALetters received from former Kentuckians in Phoenix, Arziona. saythat Mat Cohen, former Commissioner of Agriculture, has bought aranch there, and will soon startraising cotton. It was said to beprobable that he would make thathis future home. Mr. and Mrs.Cohen have been visiting theirdaughter and son-in-law at Phoenixfor several weeks, and are said to bedelighted with the country. TheSalt River valley is raising a cottoitwhich is said to be comparable tothe famous Egptian or Sea Islandcotton, always bringing the top figare. A couple, of former CentralKentucky boys, Robert C. Saufley,formerly of Lincoln county, and hisbrother-in-law, Will Robinson, , formerly of Harrodsburg, are said to beV making quite a success of, cottonraising near Phoenix.HEALTH AUTHORITICONCERNEDABOUT"NothingTHE right balance of costly Turkishand Domestic tobaccos, proportioned by experts that's whyChesterfields "satisfy9Every puff brings you the full, richflavor of genuine Turkish tobaccoand the lively relish of choice Domestic leaf.And the blend the manufacturer'sprivate formula cawnot be copied.Every package enclosedin glassine, moistureproof paper that seals inthe flavor.fciajjrtUyJAU,&4MCiTDOUGH ROADS seemI smoothed out by . thewonderful new Triplex Springscf Overland 4.Triplex Springs hold thewheels to the road, while thepassengers rid'e in comfort.Their astonishing qualitieshave created an entirely newconception of light car ridingease.1KENTUCKY WOMEN ACTIVE INPRESBYTERIAN DRIVEAn organization of women fromall" parts of Kentucky has enteredinto the great Presbyterian Progessive Program, by which the churchexpects to raise $222,699 in thisState and ? 4,0 00,0 00 in the Southfor extension of home and foreignmissions and educational and otherpurposes. It is known as the Kentucky Women's Auxiliary of thePresbyterian church. Mrs. H. L.Cochran, Wilmore, is president.Women will have an importantpart in the Presbyterian movement,which is the most far-reaching" thechurch has ever undertaken. Theyhave been organized in each of thefifteen Southern States in which thechurch operates. Mrs. W. C. Winsboro, St. Louis, is superintendent ofthe association. vThe roster of officers for Kentucky is as follows: Vice-president:Mrs. A. C. Riggs, Ludlow; Mrs. MjsfVwrong with ourNew Triplex Springs IronOut Rough .RoadsThis comfort is now obtainable in a light car vntheconomy in fuel and tiresand remarkably low upkeepcost.Overland 4 is startedand lighted by the Auto-Lite.two-unit system. It has U.S. L. batteries. It is equipped with all the latest caressentials and conveniences.m .DICKERSON & SONPhones 436106-8 Tenth St.D. Irvin, Danville; Mrs. N. YancyCrittenden, Paducab; Mrs. GeorgeWood, Louisville; secretary; MissAlice Eastwood, Louisville; treasurer, Mrs.. N. S. Van Meter, Lexington. The Presbyterian movement, has anumber of objectives besides thefinancial one. One hundred thousand tithers are sought out of achurch membership of 368,000. Anappeal is being made for the enrollment of Christian workers for homeand foreign fields. One phase of themovement is a campaign" for newmembers for churches and Sundayschools.A TIMELY SUGGESTIONThe next time you have a coughor cold' try Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is pleasant to take andyou are sure toT)e pleased with therelief which it affords. This remedy has a wide reputation for itscures of coughs and colds..balance"ChesterfieldhKzzmmrwt jj.ib ..4iii,PHOTOGRAPH PADSThere are some persons who, without being at all conceited or selfcentered, are always immensely interested in the subject of their owhlphotograph. Their own features areIo themselves immensely interesting.It seems to them a matter of greatimportance that they should havefaithful reproduction of those features and that their frienda and acquaintances should likewise possesssuch reproductions.So they visit the photographersfrom time to time, trying out thedifferent members of the picturetaking profession in turn.Sometimes this craze for photographs is possessed by a mother whohas her walls plastered with thephotographs of a favorite child. Andnothing usually pleases that motherbetter than, to have you plead forone of these photographs. It is oneof her favorite subjects of conversation..Aeit J't'i"t.- -iiVSJWPJjJSIIJffPJHI" m'FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1920THE -BOURBON NEWSPAWS, KENTUCKY' vVFMrnnmEMigmmmMNEW SAFEGUARDS FOBMOTHERS.4i Reliable Information E1 All American women know o the great success of IvomenLydiaE. Pmkham's Vegetable Compound in restoring to health women who suffered from ailments peculiar tc their sex, 3et thereare some who are skepticala::d do not realize that all that is claimed for it isabsolutely true it they did, our laboratory would notbe half large enough to supply the demand, thoughtoday it is the largest in the country used for themanufacture of one particular medicine.The Facts contained in the following two letters shouldprove oi benefit to many women :Eaffalo, X. Y. "I suffered -withorganic inflammation and displacement. When lifting I had enckpainend bearing: down that I was notable to stand up, and it hurttno tovralk or go up or down stairs. I wasgoing to a doctor without any results and he said tho safest thing"would bo to have an operation. Imet a lady who told mo she hadthree operations and was not welluntil she took Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.1 felt relief after taking twobottlesof Vegetable Compound and I kepton with it until I was cured. I always use Lydia 33. Pinkham'3 LiverPills and they are fine. Everythingused to turn sour on my stomach andtheldver Pills, relieved that." Mrs.A. Kogees, 93 Fargo AvenueBuffalo, N. Y.Sacramento, Caiif. "I had organic trouble and had such terriblepain and swelling in the lower partof my side that I could not stand onmy feet or even let the bed clothestoucb my side. I gave up my workthinking I would not be able to goback for. months. My mother advised me to take Lydia E. Pinkbam'sVegetable Compound as it had savedher life at one time, and it put moin a wonderful condition in a coupleof weeks, so I can keep on working.I work in a department store andhave to stand on my feet all day andX do not have any more pains. Isurely recommend your VegetableI Compound to all my friends and yonmay use mese lacts as a twuinon-iaL"-BkethaJ. Pa&kjer, 3320 MSL. Sacramento, Calif.The fact is, the Best Medicine for Women, issjffiBSafcaigI&Your figureevery woman's figure. belongs to a certain type.Every type has its distinctive contour, its lines toimprove, its grace to enhance.It is this law that our graduate corsetieres follow intheir fitting.In our exclusivecorset shopone of the veryfew west of NewYork you willfind a modelwhich is designed for yourtype of figure,priced from$2.50 up.Our completestock permitsyou to obtain amodel that insures a faultlessness of fit andcomfort andfigure improving qualities notto be had in anyother way. f .If inconvenient for you to call, use our prompt, efficient Correspondence Service. Send for Spring Style Folder. Mail Orderreceive careful attention. Out of town charge accounts solicited.Parisian Corset Storecorner RACE and OPERA PLACE ciNCWNmICINCINNATI, OHIO, March 18."In 1919 the total appropriationsavailable for the Children's Bureau, including an emergency fundof $250,000, were $528,190; whereas, the Bureau of Animal Industry inits regular annual appropriation wasgranted $4,211,312. These figuresmay be verified at the Children's Bureau and the Bureau of Animal Industry," said Mrs. Wood Park, President of the League of Woman Voters, in her third lecture on. "WhatCongress Is Doing Now," which shegave under the auspices of the Woman Suffrage Commitee of GreaterCincinnati in the Library of the Sinton, Monday. Her subject for theday was "New Safeguards for Mother and Child.""This subject," said Mrs. Park,"is one that has had only a few connections with , legislation actuallybefore Congiesa, because as yet mostlegislators do not realize that legislative protection is needed for maternity and infancy. Thus far it has.happened that men have given theirfirst thought to the protection of thesubjects in which they are especially interested business. They havenot intended to neglect or oppresswomen and children, but have failedto see the importance of legislatingfor their needs, just as women woulahave been likely to fail if they hadundertaken to legislate for matterswhich men know most about. Wesee here one of the most cogent reasons for suffrage that both sides ofthe house, as it were, should be represented and that these subjectswhich are of such vital interest towomen and children should be looked after by women who understandtheir importance.Mrs. Paik then described in detail a bill for the public protectionof maternity and infancy introducedinto the Senate by Senator Sheppard and into the House of Representatives by Representative Turner.The bill is similar to measures mortality in other countries."Next to tuberculosis more women lose their lives through childbirth than through any other onecause, hence the interest which women are taking in this bill," continued Mrs. Park. "It provides fora federal appropriation of $2,000,000 for the first year, the sum to begiadnally increased until it reaches$1,000,000 annually. It will be apportioned among the States in theproportion which . their populationbeais to the total population provided that each State appropriates alike sum. In addition to this sumthe bill provides for an annual appropriation of $480,000 to be divided equally among the States withoutguarantee of a like sum."The act is to be administered,"baid the speaker, "by a FederalBoard of Maternal and Infant Hygiene, to consist of the Secretary ofLabor, Chairman; the Chief of theChildien's Bureau, executive officer;the Surgeon General of the UnitedStates Public Health Service and theUnited States Commissioner of JSducation. Plans for State work mustbe submitted and approved by theboard. The administration of theact in the States is to be in thehands of specially created boards.Advisory Committees, both State andlocal, may be appointed to assist incarrying out the act. At least halfthe members of these committeesmust be women."Mrs. Paik digressed a moment toi elate an amusing experience of MissLathrop, head of the Children's -Bureau,who was trying to enlist thointerest of a certain Senator in thebill, when the latter declared thatthe United States was squanderingtoo much money on sentimentalschemes and that if he had knownthat the Senate "was going tofuss around with mothers and babies," he wouldn't have shown anyinterest in the bill at all. Whenconvinced by Miss Lathrop that tholives of innumerable mothers andchildren were at stake, that 16,000mothers lost their lives annuallyfrom conditions caused by childbirth, which were largely preventable if proper care were given, thatthe maternal death rate in theUnited States is fourteenth in a listof sixteen of the large civilized countries of the world, Spain and Switzerland exceeding that of this couniry, and that its infant death rate isnearly twice as high as the death ratein New Zealand, where it has beeni educed from 123 to 48 in 1.000 intwenty years, the Senator changedhis mind and became a vigoroussuppoiter of the bill.THEBESTPROflFSENATE PASSES HAMILTON'SHANGING BILL.approval, and its passage Tuesdaytherefore assures its enactment intolaw.Reversing its action of two weeksago, the Senate Tuesday passed by avote of 20 to 15, RepresentativeArch Hamilton's hanging bill providing for public hanging, in tnecounty wherein the crime was committed, as the penalty for rape or attempted rape. Amended before itspassage in the House, last week toprovide that the execution be in. aninclosure, with the attendance limited to 100, the bill came to the Sen-ito bearing the Governor's stamp ofTHE BEST LAXATIVE."My sedentary habits have necessitated the use of an occasional laxative. I have tried many, but foundnothing better than Chamberlain'sTablets," writes George P. Daniels,Hardwick, Vt. Mr. Daniels is proprietor of the Hardwick Inn, one of'the model hotels of New England.(adv)Given By a Paris CitizenDoan's Kidney Pills weie usedthey bi ought benefit.The story was told to Pany residents. Time has stiengthened the evidence. Has proven the lesults lasting.The testimony is home testimony.The pi oof convincing.It can be investigated by Parisresidents.Mrs." J. T. Martin. 1024 Mainbtreet, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and theresultb wereveiy severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever Jtnow what I went through atthat time, for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneysand if anyone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe, it couldn'thave hurt worse. In one week afterusing Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt likea different woman, for they fixedme up in fine shape."After a Lapse of Eight Years.Mrs. -Martin xsaid: "Doan's Kidrey Pills have made a cure for meand it has been permanent."(adv)5 HONir BACK ..M without question if Hunt's SalveSffiT KlJ 'al n tllc treatment of Eczema,i I py Tetter.Ringworm.Itch etc. Don'tf J A become discouraged because otherW I' treatments failed. Hunt's SalveB h relieved hundreds of such ,i lJLjiMRl cases. You can't lose on our Zi&ftrJ'ZLillssWNoll Money Back Guarantee. Try rzmSMKmitoSTwiKBi-nHHHjll it at our risk TOD AY. Price 75c. ILPLyi(LHPV"PF't9bhE1iJHsBbIbP For sale locally by sVeBs0'PsTv WsSsf IlwRI- i 1WAGE CUT WON'T REDUCE IIV- W - W. ING COST, PALMER SAYS. - &4 TT Cm1 . jv aur every pro- VSB 1mGl fesslona act s XiI, jl performed in a satis-jlj I'ill factofy manner. nilW) Our experienced (JJ&- methods and the just- plJ $ l ness of our business ?conduct are above jj Icriticism. I 1 1aHBHBBflBSBBflsMBSBVBVBBHHBBsVsVHB1!"I am strong for reducing the highcost of living," Attorney GeneralPalmer told the Chamber of Commerce, at Richmond, Va., "but Ihave no hope of doing itjby a reduction of wages. I do not want wagesreduced and I do not think it wouldbe wise or proper for us ever to getto a lower level."Mr. Palmer said the nation couldnot deny that the time had comewhen labor should have a largerproportion of the wealth producedby it in . combination with capital.Settlement of the labor problem, hesaid, was fundamental to a solutionof domestic unrest, which foreign Iagitators hve cultivated in their attemps to overthrow this governmentand transplant here chaotic conditions existing in Russia.Revolutionists, the (Attorney General said, never will make suchheadway that they may hope to destroy a government so firmly established in the hearts of the people asthe American government, but hewarned that unless checked theymight create such serious disturbances as would make life much lesscomfortable.oDid She Mean Just That?"I want you to forget that T toldvou I didn t mean what I said aboutnot taking back my refusal to changemy mind. I've been thinking it over,and I've decided that T was wrong inthe first place." The Man "You don'treally mean tlat, do you, Dolly?"London Mail.ss"To abort a coldand prevent complications, taken.i ciiotrsDsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, saf e and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Sold-only in sealed packages.Price 35c.HHIEThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectric Irons, Chafins:Dishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLMERET. W. SPICERMAINUlllial-?.;STREETOPP- COURT HOIHE'MHis.Furs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market nrice for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St.,opp. Martin Brte.Paris, KentuckyTHE NORTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56 AUTO -TRACK WAGONOver 100,000Standardized Auto-trackWagons Have Been SoldThis Alone Tells the Story of the Future. . vXtDURING the wr our Government asked the wagon manufacturers of theUnited States to conserve wagon-building material and labor from the forestto the finished product by doing away with all unnecessary styles and sizesof wagons. So the leading manufacturers got together and decided that the bestway to do this would be to tnake a standardized wagon. The 56-inch auto-trackwagon of today is the result.This wagon was found to be so much better than any of the odd-track wagons,like the old 60-inch wagon, that now the principal manufacturers are makingnothing but this type. It lasts longer, pulls easier, and rides better than the wide- .track wagon because all four wheels iollow the automobile rut while onlv twowheels of the -wide-track travel in the now universal 56-inch ruts that we findwherever there are automobiles which is everywhere.Today there have been sold between 1 00,000 and 1 50,000 standardized autotrack wagons, such as the Weber, in the United Siates and the number is increasing every day. Some manufacturers and dealers who were overstocked withwide-track wagons and material are still selling the now out-of-date wide-track-wagons, but there are not many farmers Buying them because the farmer of todayis just as up-to-date as anyone and is"too smart to let a dealer sell him out-of-dategoods and for which repairs may be very difficult to get in just a few years.inatswny we sen rne weoer standardized Auto-1 rack Wagon. We fi it.. .i- .i i. , . r .iv .. . nKnow its inc wagoauiai eveiy progressive xarmer in inis community -will want.The Weber has a number of patented and exclusive features that will interestyou.Let us show them to you. . ;THE C. S. BALL GARAGECnmv f?miitTi and Pleasant StsiWVUW v.. - .,THE SOUTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56 AUTO -TRACK WAGON'JiS&'vM' 4.ti.!V. JPAi I.t:;!?!nv..3'-.iTi"' 'IPi?L5't- --y'ef-r. V iTilf:":MthL iAMMMBtaMBiHmm ivmm&mm mwurr-2rrfTT?S i"y" 4 1T-i . : wHaj.T '5lsVKt',1 'r .hI- -r)) ' 1:fJIPAfilMK "" . , JPE BOURBON NBW8,jMaMlMMiailMaWMMiMMWWMMi " iJ RELIGIOUS. ' MATRIMONIAL.T Jj Ji .PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, .MARCH lf,l2KBftl r 'V ' 2KtuBnf.N 7 W Mia all-frafflBmi wv mOJli ;' 'j pSh mllftlPriJrsfeSte; II1 .In 3Rev. Walter S." Cain, rector. oiSt. Peter's Episcopal church, whowas cajled to his vformer home inNorth Carolina on a business mission, will return in time to conductthe regular services, Sunday morning' at . eleven o'clock. SundaySchool at 9: 30! Sunday morning.Miss Helen Hutchcraf t and Mrs.S. E. McClanahan, of Paris, represented the young people's organizations of the Paris Christian churchat the Inter Church Movement Conference, fceld in Louisville thisweek. The meeting was one of thelargest in the church history,bringing together a large; number ofrepresentative "men and: women.rt f-. c.oxyf""Tii--a .rthe Fulljisure2If you arc of r.cavy or mediumbuild you will laid thatCHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, Bible School, 9:30 a.m.; Morning Worship, 10:45 a. m.:Junior Endeavor, 2:30 p. m.; SeniorEndeavor, 6:30 p. mf; Evening Service, 7:30 p. m. Monday: MaleChorus, 7:30 p. m. Tuesday: Woman's Society, 2:30 p. m.; Orchestral Rehearsal, 7:30 p. m. Wednesday: Treble Clef Club, 3:30 p. m.;Prayer Meeting, 7:30 p. m. Friday:Choir Rrhearsal, 7:30 p. m.IWBEA MMfflBBt iHrX?ttTfrr -- Vr--r?v)fYV:i'WVwtKVk'I MBi.l''iy JT J-S-lCi,J rfT'AVi't..lb: wPRESBYTERIAN CHURCH SERVICES.Sunday ;School 9:30 a. m.Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.;Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:15 p. m.The subject of the morning sermon' is "God's Income Tax." At the evening service tne sudjcci win ue,'Plant -Good Seed, For You WillReap Good Harvests." Preachingby the rastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie.The nrosressive work of the1 Presbyterian church of IJaris will require $10,000, according to the esti-.nnr .-.1 rt 3 4" n 1 1 rt IV " HlOUtlllO' fTIII'ILCS liiaUC til- U. IW-CUl 1UV. 1,111(3 VM.the deacons. The causes of ForeignMissions, Morae Mission, and theother benevolent girib of the churchA marriage license was issuedTuesday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton to FrankDejarnett, 26, Paris, and Miss Letitia Mae Slade, 23, of Cynthiana.TUCKER LANGFELS.John Langfels, son of Mr. andMrs. Henry Langfels, of near Ruddels Mills, this county, and . MisaMaxie Tucker, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Win. Tucker, of Cynthiana,were married recently in Covington.The groom is engaged in farmingnear Shawhan.SKINNER MONSONMiss Anna Skinner, of Paris,and George Monson, of Omaha, Neb.,were married Wednesday afternoonin the Lexington court house byMagistrat Edward Miner. Theyleft immdediately for a weddingirip and will "make their home inOmaha.have asked for S3, 6 00. - Considerinthe great needs of the various mis-Lcient englneera on this divisionAVi!lriILt rrAcomfort and aOfesj.ccui appeal to the largewoman is the strong belt webbing over i abdomen, andthe reinforced back and hiplines- lien go Corsets rowold gracefully.'"' Youth, l)cauty and charm are coming halfway to meet you. The Rengois scientifically made for fullfigured women.Rcngo Corsets are economically priced Jrom -S'J to $10Frank & Co.20-1sion fields, the calls from the churchcolleges, .a-nd the magnificent oppor-tunities opening up since the war,ihis is merely a drop in a very bigj bucket to what is needed. The locali expenses have been estimated andI the goal set at a total of $10,000.j This budget is a large increase overthe amount given during tne yearwhich is just closing. It meansthat all of the members, of thechurch who can possibly do so willhave to increase their gifts liberally,and nive as the Lord has blessedI them. Though large, the budgetweek for all causes. Mr. JohnWoodford is Campaign Manager,m ' and, with an executive committee,P? I thA nlans are sroinq: ahead quietlyHowards laisingthe goal of $10,000.i or more.SIADE DEJARNETTE.A marriage of much interest toa large number of Central Kentuckypeople took place Tuesday eveningin the Presbyteria-n manse at Cynthiana at nine o'clock, when . MissLeetis Mae Slade, of that city, became the bride of Frank FithianDejarnette, of Paris. The ceremonywas said by Rev. Caiey E. Moore,pastor of the Presbyterian church,in the presence of the members ofthe immediate families and a few IIntimate friends.The bride is one of Cynthiana'smot charming young women, agraduate of the class of 1916 of theCynthiana High School, and for thepast two years confidential clerkand bookkeeper for the McCormickLumber Co. She wpre a goingaway suit of blue tricotine. with hatend gloves in harm6ny, a fetchingcostume in which the pretty brideappeared to splendid advantage.She is the daughter of Mrs. GertrudeSlade, of Cynfhiana, and of the lateJ. W. Slade, who for many yearswas one of the most popular andCIIRCUIT, COURT.The March term of ' the BourbonCircuit Court reconvened TuesdayafterN an adjournment taken fromSaturday. The case on going to thejury resulted in a verdict of twoyears in the pentitentiary. MaryAllen Gaines, colored, held on thesame charge, also pleaded guilty,and wts given a term of four yearsI in the Reformatory at Frankfort. Inthe trial of the case of Lawrence vs.Strother, a civil. suit on two promissory notes, the jury rendered a verdict in favor of the defendant. Attorneys Ray Kern, of Mt. Sterling,and L. G. Campbell, of .Lexington,were visitors Tuesday.The grand jury made its final report, returning eight indictments,and were discharged. In the suitfor divorce brought by Miss. JaneAdams Clay, of Frankfort, againsther husband, Douglas K. Clay, ofParis, alleging cruel and inhumantreatment, Judge Stout dismissedthe action, holding . that the suitshould have been filed in the Frank- jlin Circuit Court. Mrs. Clay isnowresiding with her parents, Mr. and,Mrs. Abram Adams, in Frankfort.In the batch of indictments returned by the Grand Jury was oneagainst Douglas K. Clay, for assaultand battery, the charges in the affidavit being peferred by his wife,Ms. Jane Adams Clay, who has alsobrought an action against him fordivorce. rAuto For SaleA Maine girl has been left ?100,-000 by a newspaper roan to whomshe was kind. Moral: Be kind to Inewspaper men. ITHIS IS A HOME INSTITUTION. Don't let it go under themark let's make it a 100 percent campaign. In fact, makeit go over the top. We arenearing the goal. Come on,everybody!of the Louisville & Nashville.Mr. Dejarnette is a young engineeer, also, on the Kentucky Division of the Louisv.ille & Nashville,with headquarters at Paris. He ionumbered among the most reliableand capable men of the railroadforce, and possesses the confidenceand esteem of all the officials and allwho know him.Mr. and Mrs. Dejarfiete left onthe 10:10 L. & N. train Tuesdayevening for a wedding trip to Atlanta, Ga.f Jacksonville, St. Augustine, and other points in Florida.On their return they will residetemporarily in Cynthiana, Mrs. Dejarnette resuming her position withthe McCormick Lumber Co., untilthey make arrangements to go tohousekeeping in Paris.1919 Model Ford touring car ingood condition. Tires first-clas3.Price very reasonable for quick sale.Call Home Phone 465.(It) J. R. 'MASTERSON.WANTEDdrilltele-Man with drilling outfit totwo water wells. Write orphone.MASON-HANGER CONSTRUCTIONCOMPANY,-(l9-2t) ' , Paris, KsvPUBLIC SALEOFnLOSTPocketbock containing a sum ofmoney and a check. Liberal reward for return to this office. (It)LostBetween the Alamo Theatre andPleasant street, yesterday afternoon,a brooch, set with small pearls anddiamonds. Finder will please returnto this office. (19-tf)A 1-STORY 6-R00M FRAME RESIDENCESSaturday, March 27, 1920, at 1:30 p. m.,located on the corner of Main and Boone Streets, Paris, Kentucky, anddescribed as follows:Large living room, three bed rooms, dining room and kitchen;gas and electric lights. House newly painted and papered, large concrete front porch, concrete walks, good garage, large garden and nicelawn. Lot 63x250 feet.Having made arrangements to move elsewhere, I have placed theabove described property in the hands of Harris, Speakes & Harris forsale on the above place and date, rain or shine.Anyone in market for a modern home will do well in looking atthis property.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.For further particulars call onI. W. STRAUTHER, Owner,or HARMS, SPEAKES & HARRIS. Agents, Paris, Ky. (td)LostLadies' right hand white kidi;love, striped with black, somewherebetween City School and postoffice.Finder return to this office.L. F. RANSON,(11) 1456 Cypress street.For SaleONThe Newest in Songand DancePHONOGRAPHRECORDSJ9 rHjaupzMe and My WifeNever Let No One Gal Worry Your MindHand hx Hand AgainOut of a Clear SkyV m Just Simply Full of Jazs ....Ain't -Cha. Coming Back Mary Ann to Mar landHow Sorry You'll Be (Wait' 11 You See)Oh! .When. You're AloneDreamland. Brings Mem' ries of YouI'll Always Be Waiting for YouWe Must Have a Song To RememberPardanellaWonderful PalTurcoOn die Streets of CairoBo-La-BoBow-Wow .......I Might Be Ytur Once-In-A-While .You'd Be SurprisedCome Along to Honeymoon TownGoodnight DearieIf222902227922284222&0-222SJI'81:taMighty Laic 'a Rose .Somewhere a Voice is Calling2228522286222891228722227VBrooks & SnappDruggists -HILL MARGOLEN.Mrs. Daisy Hill and HensolMnrgolen, 'both of Paris, went toCincinnati, Sunday, ostensibly tovisit friends and relatives. Bui thedaily papers m the list of marriagelicenses, told a different tale, andone of the items read: "HenselMargolen. 40, merchant, Paris, Ky.,and Daisy Hill, 40. Emery Hotel, icity. Rev. Henry Haefner." Meet-1ins by agreement, in .Cincin- jnati, after perfecting all of 1the necessary arrangements the jRev. Henry Haefner 'was sum-jiiioned Monday night, to the Emeryj Hotel, where, in the presence of afew witnesses, Mr. Margolen arm jMrs. Hill were made man and wife, iThe brido is an attractive and verypopular young woman, and was the !widow of Edgar Hill, who died lnthis city several years ago. She hasfor many years held responsible pas', tions in the service of the Cumberland Telephone Co., in this city, andsome time ago, upon the resignationof Miss Sallie Comack as Chief Operator, Mrs. Hill, by reason of herpopularity, courtesy and thorough,knowledge of the telephone busi-j nets, was promoted to the position.;which she has filled in a most act ceptable manner in every way. SheI has two interesting children, Missj Margaret Hill and Edgar Hill. Mr.j Margolin is a son of the lat'e Mr:i und Mrs. Herman Margolen, and islone of Paris' successful young busi-ness men. He is associated in themeat market business with hisbrother, Gus Margolen. After theI ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Margoleni lett for West Baden Springs, Indij ana, where they will remain severaldays, going from there to New Yorkon their honeymoon trip. On theirI return they will go to .housekeeping' in Paris. va marriage license was issued! Wednesday from the office of theFayette County Clerk, in Lexington,to George Monson. 46, of Omaha,Neb., car repaner, and Miss Anniej B. Skinner, 24, of Paris.! ""ATTENTION, TOBACCOI GROWERS!POTASH is the thing thatjtobacco needs for rapid(growth and quality. Our! stocks of SWIFT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsFIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your pal ch -beforeit is all gone.CH AS. S. BRENT & BROifeb27-tf) - ' ;Privately, the brick building onMain street, between Seventh andEighth, now occupied by AlbertBacon as a billiard parlor. For information, call onMRS. .IAS. CONNELLEY.(19-2t) Cum. Phone 480.LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf vellnw nine frnm th Soiil-nrrI forests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentucky53E3K2SEEE25iHIEKESSkFOi twenty years Buick engineers anddesigners have been moving forward,building a Buick prestige in motor cardesign and construction that has answeredtlie world's challenge.It has been an achievement jvorth the effort andestablished a Buick reputation of high standard,and value.EuickThe public has learned to depend upon theValve-in-Head Motor Car7 and the great demandsupon . Buick dealers for Buick models is the highestcompliment that can be paid to Buick ach:3ve:ment.The phrase "it goes without ayins" was not coinedEional use.foruongresr3r-r"WB-31WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT BUICK WILL BUILD THEMThe C. S. Ball Garage7t&rGor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.'ir,.47fcf-D-''t"V t'j..---y'-vM??,1iff,'jpv-a-Vr- .r- k."TV-s Y--.nK -,, va -wr- - t-.T VWx vI '"o,' ' "i-ftiXsFRIDAY, MARCH 19,HBi;llDRBON;iEmB;" PAWS, KENTUCKY"1920E;fcy-A:HTTm.. -FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEUNLESSTht amount asked is subscribedit will anly compel the hospitalto go to the people soon formoney. We hope to make thislast over a period off four years.Subscribe now at any bank orstore.BOYS' EASTER SUITSFor boys' who appreciate style intheir clothes, as well as durability$10 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.&. NOT OUR OSCAR!A press dispatch, from TerreHaute, Ind., to the Cincinnati Post,Wednesday, stated:"Oscar Hinton is good-natured.Ke didn't cuss when some one stolehis pants from a bathroom. Heoffered the theif the coat also for theasking."MSS SWEENEY TO SPEAK HERETO-MORROW.Mis? Mary Sweeney, of the University of Kentucky, one of the moseloquent and accomplished womenin the State, will speak in the courthouse, in this city, at 2:30 o'clockto-morrow, (Saturday) afternoon.Miss Sweeney's subject will be, "Social Unrest And The Part WomenPlays." The public is cordially invited. Miss Sweeney, who is a member oJ!the faculty of the University ofKentucky, was in the Y. M.C. A. service in France for many months,and was decorated by GeneralPershing for service under fire in.Argonne Forest, while giving assistance to the wounded soldiers.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comlafs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ELECTRIC SUPPLY FOR XALAPAArrangements are in progress bythe Paris Gas & Electric Co. to builda line to carry electric power to theXalapa Farm of Edward Simms, onthe North Middletown pike, nearParis. The line will extend fromParis through a number of farmsowned by prominent Bourbon countymen along the line of the NorthMiddletown pike. It is stated thatthese men will be permitted to tapthe line for power and light in return for the use of their land ior1)ast tenthe right of way on tne line.Improvements now under way onIhe Simms place, when fully carrieoout will make it one of the showplaces of the county, and one of thefinest country estates in the Bluegrass region.o- Miss Flora Hill has been on thesicK list this week, suffering fromtonsilitis.Miss Elizabeth Steele has returned from a winter's stay withfriends and relatives in Florida.Mrs. A. B. Hancock and daughter have leturned from a month'sstay at Daytcna Beach, Florida.Mrs. Robert J. Neely has asguest at her home in this city MissFannie Shropshire, of Georgetown.. Mrs. Samuel Harding and son,of Paris have returned from a visitto Miss Annie' Johnson, in Carlisle.Mrs. Laura Wiggins has returned from a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Overton Harber, and Mr. Harber, in.Richmond.Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., hasreturned from Florida, v,liere shehas been visiting her son, who is attending school.Jesse Owens, who has been seridusly ill at the home of his sisters,JVIisses Owens, on South Main street,is improving slowly.Miss Nell Mitchell, WilliamMitchell and Jeff Smith, of Paris, attended the funeral and burial ofRichard Coffee, at Cynthiana, Monday. Mrs. W. B. Griffith has returned to her home in Lexington after avisit to her brother, Dr. J. T. Vansant, and Mrs. Vansant, on Pleasantttreet.Mrs. Alfred Rosenbaum, ofNew York, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs. William Shire, a,nd Mr.Shire, at their home on South Mainstreet.Mrs. Mary K. Rose, Miss JessieRose and Robert A. Rose are in Cynthiana to-day to attend the funeralof their kinsman, the late Mr. Thos.C. Rope.Mrs. W- E. Risque and daughter, Miss Juliet Lee Risque, have returned to their home in Midwav.after a visit to Mrs. Matt Kenney,in this city.Y. L. Harrison, one, of the mostpopular of the L. & VJ..'s clericalforce at this point, who Recently underwent an operation foi appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital is improving.Mrs. Rebecca Collier, who hasbeen seriously ill of pneumonia atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, 'hasbeen removed to the home of heidaughter, Mrs. Will G. McClintock,on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Clevelandand children have returned to theirhome near this city, from a winter'sstay in Florida. They spent thedays visiting friends inCHICKEN FEED.-4-LittlePurina.(It)chicken feed. We haveC. P. COOK & CO.VISIT "RTT.TXE" BALE'S POPULARRESTAURANT.The best service, the best prepared food the best restaurant intown, in fact is making Dale'sRestaurant the mecca for the hungry. Short orders served on shortnotice. We cater to a discriminating trade, assuring our patrons oLsatisfaction in every respect. Wewant our country friends to patronize us. When you come to Dale'syou come to ffie home of all thingsgood to eat.(19-4t) DALE'S RESTAURANT.ST. PATRICK'S BAY OBSERVEB.Washington, D. C.Miss Nellie Buckner will arriveto-day from Asheville, North Carolina, where she spent the winter.Miss Buckner's health has beengreatly improved by her stay in thebalmy climate of Asheville.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, who hasbeen suffering with bronchial pneumonia at her home on Secondstreet, is improving. Her daughter,Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, whohas been vtry ill, is now convalescent, iHarry S. Orr, former Parisianand well-known traveling man, is aguest of Mrs. Come Watson JBaird.and Miss Janie James, on Highstreet. Mr. Orr is now a resident ofCincinnati, where he is associatedvt t Ji n hrn-p hnnlr TmhliRliinf rrn-cern. 1 Important,John L. Greenfield and W. W.Smith,, representing the Bishop Irrigating Farm Lands in the lower RioGrande valley of Texas, are inParis for a few days in the interestof their company. They will haveoffice for the present with the realestate firm of Bishop & Flora, on-Broadway.The March meeting Of Richardbusiness uponthe auctioneeringtheir, return." " l IMr. and Mrs. William KenneyFerguson have moved from Georgetown to the home on High street, inthis city, which they purchased sev-.eral weeks ago. .Leroy Eubank has returned tohis home in Slater, Mo., after aspending several weeks in Paris as, aguest of his mother, Mrs. GeorgeWyatt, Sr., and family.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas W. Allenattended" the funeral and burial ofMrs. Myrtle Whaley Howk, in Cynthiana, Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Allen being one of the pall-bearers.Mrs. Ben Steagall is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she underwent anoperation yesterday. Mrs. Steagallwas taken to the institution Tuesday. Judge Harmon Stitt, formerlyof Paris, who has been very ill ofpneumonia at his home in Lexington, is improving rapidly, which willbe good news 'to his many friends inthis city and county.Mrs. David Feld and daughter,Miss Ruth Feld, will leave Sundayfor Cincinnati, to attend the marriage of Mrs. Feld's cousin, Abraham.Davidorf and Miss Etta Wolfe,which is to takplace in that cityMonday.Mrs. John C. Bedford, who hasbeen confined to the Petree Sanitarium, on Vine street, -suffering fromthe effects of a fall sustained aboutsix weeks ago, has been removed toher home on Eighth street, havingnearly recovered.Mrs. C. M. Best, of Millersburg,who lias been ill for several days,has been taken to Cincinnati andplaced m the care of a specialist.Mrs. Best has many warm friendsin this city, who hope her recoverywill be rapid and sure.Rev. C. H. Giear, pasJLor of theParis .Methodist church, and DennisV. Snapp, Field Secretary of SundaySchool Work, were in Louisville thisweek attending the meeting of theExecutive Committee of the Methodist Teacher Training School to arrange tor tne meeting at ivavanuuguCamp Ground in July.Charles Wilmoth, who has beenlocated in the oil and mineral regions of Texas and Oklahoma forseveral months, came m yesterdaytc visit his family and other relatives. Mr. Wilmoth's address in thefuture will be Tucumcari, Arizona,where he will be located for sometime.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. J.M. Fryman and family, who havebeen living in Bourbon, have removed to Harrison and are comfortably located on R. F. D. No. 4Messis. John T. Collins and J. W.Young, of Paris, were here Mondayon business .... Mrs. Tom Allen, ofParis, was here Tuesday to attendthe funeral of Mrs. W. C. Howk."FIREINSURANCEIT A-T-. J- .. Tt...VlA.n V.Wednesday was the day set apart b1?1 - - -as sacred to the memory of St Pat federatp r in the courtrtek, the patron saint of eliuid. twQ Q,clock tomonw (Sat.The wearing of the green was vis u afternoon. A full attendanceible everywhere on the streets as mpmws is reauested. as bus-the wearers fancy dictated, ino . importance will come un forshamrock alternated witn uiue nnI1B!HprJlf-srreen flags and green bows, aenot- -wi- the wearers' leaity to tne guuu . j..-. -- , -- -----OJQ Saillt. ..,. , j ir.n -nrr T TolVrkH- ATvtP I McCarthy Council. Jvnigms o ei am . w. x. . "r. a. -i.v.. j .... o. j -m-i:-u Tine lioon iHciiriP'- rplntivps inni..Tnho pntprtainea tneir lrienus i .wcnoai ua v. . . D r --at the Parish Hall on High street. Kentucky while her husband, who isat ei-ht o'clock Wednesday night, rector of Trinity Church, in Brook-with an interesting program, in lyn, has been holding. mid-LentenJonor of the day. Rev. Father services for men in the Lyric Thea-rvlio rnimll of Cvnthiana, deliv- ire, in Cincinnati.?rtd an eloauent and impressive -Mrs. Lida B. Conway left Wed-lecure on -Ireland." This was fol- nesday morning for Columbus Ohio,owed by a program of vocal and in- vrfiere she will be a guest off herl?iiSental selections, as follows: brother, Harold Johnson and Mrs.prlEin," "My Wild Johnson, and other relative.-. FromC, phImIss Wood; "Mother Columbus Mrs. Conway will go toIrish Rose, Miss wooa, Molenos. California, where sheMaciee, ld-IB " . rrJ ft ..t,.; I ,.,;n ,nirQ lior lmmp in the futureT?rmr?n Cani'lSClOSO, J-i ion .via mmv "- ....w -Miss Margaiet Lavin; J with her foii, Clarence Conway andV The Green," "Quartet i family. TT5vorciConnell, Miss J una i j. w. o"w: p ""' " -7a.tv or lventucKy. was i" i'", vvnesday, in the interest of the fundibeing raised to erect a memorialTtAtirrv ire !buildinj? on the campus at tne um-YOIING WOMAJN JMiUvvvx H , memory of KentuckyIs not expensiveAnd there isNo form ofInsurance moreEspeciallyAt this timeWhen there isAn Epidemic-Connell,Medley,""WearinMrs. Joseph-O'Brien. 'RJLchardMitchell.Welling and Wm.CAPES DR0W1TING.Miss Delia Summers, who residesnear Paris, had a narrow escapefiom being drowned Wednesday ai-n TTouston Creek. Miss,CV'""" " " : !, ni-Pftk'onor what had once beenand when aooui -uanthP hieli water vcSummers wa foot log,a watergap,...... Vinpnccwaj u.i" " ,r ,,-ftoi-hor tAfit into LUC iv--"-soldiers and sailors, wnose . liveswere sacrificed in -the great worldwar. Mr. Boggess reported the people of the county as taking a greatinterest in the campaign.Provided their passports can beobtained in time to make the trip,xir- n.nr Mrs. John T. Collins andOf FiresAll over the-..Country andDon't think.That because severalv rEires haven'tSwooped downOn ParisYet that theyWon't but bePrepared withFire InsuranceSo when .theyDo come you -Can sleep justAs well atNights as .You do now.Tv nnri Airs. JOfin J. KeQIIlOU, VIthe North Middletown vicinity, willii -., p. o vnnnnon Lno toiMie to recent rains the creek was "Havana as their princi-running swift and cn- pal stopping place. Owing to theSummers was tossed about on ttie 1 1 that the nominatum of Mr.water like a cork, but realiMnff there , secretary of State has beenwa!: no help near, and keeping nei . SenatGt no passportsir fr-i admirably, sne wdn-uw i nnin4r;ccLet 'us tell'You morerher offswift. -L--I , fn CO1103to foreign countries oau uti, aftorcretown News says"Mr. and Mrs. lnTir-ni admirably.T .,r,iv nnd as thecurrent dashed her close in to a lowbank on which grew a clump of .wilK e grappled one of the eprouisand exerting all her remainingstrength, pulled herseir out ul -,water and gainedTiiiiir nn t a, niixc . . i . - - -ntuns r -renter one iners ana win icium "'" --?1 ?XJ,ATm this their permit InmanaPorter Smith, whohave been' spending the winter withthe former's sister, Mrs ClarenceWood left Wednesday for then, ' :- to Anrrplps. Cal.. whereIHIIIlt: III ivy .ko' ' ..was able tc return. ' i. i .. . jiCnnu nf their hold-from wnere "iney exp - "".rZTi, Tn npvt fallwas aDie tu iciu... r,... uok r, ATrs.with the exception ot "" r.uSsin this locality who will befr5tnPd. she was uninjuiea, am . iiieuiu i .. retunivterday was none the won; for ner glad to kbwexperience, save slight com. jauicMrs. Smith have manyWe Invite the PublicTo Tisit Our Store.and see on display our nice line, ofSpring VoilesOrgandiesand White Goods v!5also a full line ofSpring MillinerySuits, Coatsand Dressesat reasonable pricesHARRY SIMON234 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky:IVIain StreetParis, KyIf We Can Get for Our REGULAR Pricethe Price Other Dealers Advertise as TheirSPECIAL Price We'd Be Tickled to Death!XAbout FireInsurance.Remember yourt 'Property has increasedOne-third in the lastTwo years.Increase your-Fire Insurance.YERKES& PEEDFarmers and Traders BankHere is an ExampleOur Sale Price on 12x15 Axminster Rug is$110.00Another Dealer Advertises ThisRug As a BIG Special at $144WE SAVE YOU $34.00 ON ONE RUG. We believewe save on other house furnishings in same proportion.There Are Only a Few Days,of Our Sale Left Buy Now&THE J. THIN TON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingWWfWWjWWj- r- V" , n-xT '-Vvx- l' ii-"A.? ,4i. -?'-.. r.r tif y'"r--N1- (Vf.yWWWIWm.,"h Asi" 'Jwj-vvf .V 1" f. -jii .,- ?ir,vr!IVt-5 IM-t tu,cTHE BOUKBOW NBWS, PAIUS, RBNTUCKYir4--Jpftl&AY; lARCH 1$, U29aafer. BasaittCet"IBUSKA Prominent Woman'sTestimonyIonkyflle, Ky.: "I can certainly praiseBt. Pierce's resftedisf for tWbenefitl havereodvee from tfeem.The 'Lstion TabletsI used ok my doctor!recommend atioai about four years ago"1 nad a conditionthat weakened meterribly and I lo&tflesh as well. Thesetablets cured me ofall inflammation. Iafterwards took the'Favorite Prescriptien' and it built aaeup in health andstrength: my weightseven pounds wjjue taking thea. I have also taken Dr. Pierce'sPellets fer k4tiousnees and inactivei am confident that there is no ofksrmade that can equal them ferI relief."-(RS. ELEANORrj, 104 . Washington St.A Woman's Experience, in Middle LifeCoTMton, Ky.: ,iffr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription and Golden Medical Discoveryrifre the very best medicines I have ever taken.They brought me thru when I was so illthat I was bedfast for weeks. I had heardm much about Dr. Pierce's medicines thjrtI fimashr sent for me 'Golden Medical Disevery and the 'Favorite Prescript! andnttihe&t few doses that I took myK(n commenced to improve until I"became a perfecUywell woman. I cannotgehese medicines too highly. I onlyi wis swjiemenj: wui oe tne means oir women who" are weak and sufferingespecially those at the critical timecTmiddlelife, eiving Br, JPicrre'sjnedirines a trial.".MRS. CARRIE FAYJQS, 145S Cordelia St.u tv hen a girl becomes a woman, when awoman becomes a mother, when a womanpasses through the olianges of middle life,are the three periods of life when health andstrength are most needed to withstand thepain and, distress often caused by 5yerQorganic disCUrbancea!At these m critical times women are bestfortified by the use of Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription, an old remedy of proved worth.GOVERNMENT HAS NO SIGHT TOHX PBICES OP COAL,SAYS TAFT."" London's Rapid Growth.' Paiis was the largest city in theworld for several hundred years until about the end of the seventeenthcentury, when London overtook it.The population in Paris in 1680 was600,000, while London had reached530,000, the latter figure showingthe rapid growl'; of trade and commerce during the Tudor period.HAS HAD STOMACH TROUBLEFOR SEVENYEARS.Theodore Sanford, of Fenmore,Mich., has had stomach trouble foreeven years and could not eat vegetables or fruit without pain in thestomach, and restless nights. Bytaking Chamberlain's Tablets he isnow able to eat vegetables or fruitwithout causing pain or sleeplessness. If troubled with indigestionor constipation give these tablets atrial. They are certain to provebeneficial.(adv)CINCINNATI, March -18. "Fixing prices for coal and regulating: itsdistribution, if valid, is a field ofpolicing in which much greater carebe exercised by legislative power tosee that it does not constitute a sacrifice of the property whose price isfixed or whose disposition is regulated," declared William H. Taft, ina legal opinion given the SmokelessCoal Operators' Association of Westirginia. He concludes that under theterms of the L.ever act the Government no longer has a legal right tofix coal prices and that confiscationof coal by the Railroad Administration is illegal.Mr. Taft holds that the Lever lawsays specifically that the Presidentor his agents may act under that lawto fix and control prices when "necessary for the efficient prosecutionof the war.""Whether a state of war technically existed or not, there was hoprosecution of the war to which theseorders could contribute efficiently,"he adds. "The emergency whichthese orders were intended to meetarose long after the prosecution ofthe war had ceased and had no reasonable connection with it."Mr. Taft concludes as to price fixing: "In the face of these facts andin the absence of any finding of thePresident that these orders restoringold orders are necessary for the efficient prosecution of war, I can notsee how authority to fix prices cancontinue so as to prevent coal operators from making contracts afterApril 1, next, in accordance withtheir usual custom."Ttfr. Taft says not only that theRailroad Administration is acting illegally in handling coal, but that theoperators have the right to sue theRailroad Administration and all acting under it for usurpation ofauthority and collect the real valueof the coalIaBAYERISIIS6ENUNESafely Stop Headaches As Told In"Bayer Packages.".-v ivUiifw, i.iuvj hwi' i-1 iix '.!, "T7'V "' t' JiT7-r- n aYou Can Get Goodyear Tiresfor" That Sturdy Smaller Car-""" " -"' .mi.......-- TirrrfinrnTiiiiiiMiMiniiLU iiKmswjOf all Goodyear's notable accomplishmentsin tiremaking none exceeds in high relativevalue of product the Goodyear Tires madein the 30x3-, 30x3y2-, and 31x4-inch sizes.These tires afford to owners of Ford,Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell, and other carstaking these sizes, the important benefits ofGoodyear materials and methods employedin the world's largest tire productionYour nearest Goodyear Service StationDealer offers you in these tires a degree ofperformance and satisfaction only possibleas a result of such extraordinary manufaoturing advantages.Go to this Service Station Dealer for thesetires, and for Goodyear Heavy Tourist TubesHe has them.&TSWGi-fVv: iivir - 'BRIGHTER.Vi$mis. IKKVVTHKOSCA 9 "JT1' ' pmrNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illumenated house.useOlectria'tyfor CigbtiaidIt's the only satisfactory! way.use Setsfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use oi BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncohK'tmted)Millions of men and women haveproved "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"i wit-h the "Bayer Cross" on tablets,the quickest, surest, safest relief fortheir Headaches, Colds, Neuralgia,Toothache, Earache, Rheumatism,Lumbago, Neuritis. Pain seems tofade right away.Buy only a Bayer package containing propei direction's. Alwayssay "Bayer."Handy tin boxes of 12 tablets costbut a few cents. Druggists also sehlarger "Bayer" packages. Aspirinis the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester ofI Salicylicacid. (adv)30v3V2 Goodyear DoubloCure $ 50Fabric, All-Weather Tread A 3x3V Goodyear Single-Cure $ " 50arie, Anti-Skid Tread J JL30FabGoodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are built to protect casings.Why endanger a good casi..p with a cheap tube? GoodyearHeavy Tourist Tubes cost little more than tubes of $A 50less merit. 30x3V size in waterproof bag f$13,000RACING- TAX SEENLEXINGTONBYLexington expects to collect $13,000 from the Kentucky Jockey Clubduring the spring race meeting, asthe racing hill providing for a Statelicense tax carries no emergencyclause and will not go into effect until after the meeting.The bill will become operativesixty days after the close of the Legislature, which will be in June. Itis understood that the club will askfor thirteen days' racing instead oftwenty, as was thought, and thecity will collect $1,000 a day.WHY COLDS AHE DANGEROUS.You are often told to "beware ofa cold" but why? We wil tell you:Every cold weakens the lungs, lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor the more serious diseases. People who contract pneumonia firsttake cold. The longer a cold hangson, the greater the danger, especiallyfrom the germ diseases, as a coldprepares the system for the receptionand development of the germs ofconsumption, diphtheria, scarletfever and whooping cough. Thequicker you get rid of your cold,the less the danger of contractingone of these diseases. Chajj&berlain's Cough Remedy has a greatreputation as a cure for colds andcan be depended upon. It is pleasant to take.(adv)MOVIE TASTESThe other day one Avas struck by apiece in a photoplay magazine whichwas headed: "If Christ Went tothe Movies." All right. Then what?Well, the Rev. Dr. Percy StickneyGrant, rector of the Church! of theAscension, New York, says thatChrist would say: "Let my peoplef-njoy this thing. Let my churchemploy it. Blessed be that whichuplifts, restores and refreshes theweary souls of men."The movies of to-day are ourcleanest form of amusement.' Theyare well censored and marality andright prevail." Tastes have changed. What pastor would have caredto soy that 10 years ago!Mexico will expel Jenkins, says aheadline. Lucky dog!AetnaAvtoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityNEW DRESSFOR OLD WITHDIAMOND DYES!"ComfortWomen Cau Put Bright, Rich ColorIn Shabby, FadedGarmentsf And OtherCasualties-A.:J. FEEAGENTDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a jmistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)oA new Chicago paper announcest-hat it is going to publish no crime,no scandal. Won't it print any localnews at all? voThe treaty is only a year old, hutit has already lost its teeth.Health andFlavor and EconomyTOMm IU4 O Ek& m as Jw JLm. JLd&&EJdives you every desirableqyaiity in a table beverageand has none of the harm,of coffee.This All-American tablebeverage must be boiled20 minutes.For children and grown-ups."Theres a Reason9Two Sizes 25 and 15AU grocers.Made by Postum Cereal Co. Battle Gceek.Mich.IKS UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilityin construction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Dont delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.'Jrrf3;-fiiE"2232'"- --SSifsrr!'-i1-3B-'Ji;.M-H.MliIGrow Fine TobaccoBy using FERTILIZER. More tobacco, . better color, andprices always right.See COLLIER BROS.BEFORE YOU BUYOffice Opposite Paris TefcaccoWarehouseCumberland Fhene 397Home Phone 257""" -'"""BMjMBBjBUHejAiaHHajajaajBaaaaaafSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices."i, i v 'JV-rv'-Jt;y&SrrTi1? :-"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY ' " y - PAfiBSKTEXFRIDAY, MABCH 19, 1920PAG SKTEN 7"VSPRINGSHOWINGFRIENDS AFRAIDLadies- and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTHE ENDWAS NEAREven Hustling Of Newspaper WouldUpset Mrs. Adkins,She Says.SEASOFS TOBACCO AVERAGEABOUT $44 PER HUNDRED', -' .I,. - ' ' - -I MRS. ELLIS'i uFEGIaLS ;I1POR THIS WEEKo25c Salmon 20c30c Salmon. 25c40c Salmon 35c25c Tomatoes 20cGood Brooms 50c rjjjHeinz Pork and Beanslarge size 15c ::Look for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the Court ::House.Three deliveries each day, ;.;JbJoth phones.oMrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.a"My friends did not expect me tolive but a short while and I wasbeginning to feel that way myself,but since I have taken Tanlac I amas strong and healthy as I ever wasin my life," V was the remarkablestatement made a few days ago byMrs. Ruth I. Adkins, of Earsel Station, Westmoreland, W. Va."It was about a year ago that Ihad a bad spell of pneumonia,"continued Mrs. Adkins, "and it leftme so weak that after I got up Icould not even sweep the floor. Iwas so -nervous that any noise, likea broom falling or the rustling of anewspaper, would completely upsetme, and I was so restless that I couldnever sleep well. Why some nightsI would get no more than one or twohours' sleep. I had a poor appetite,and when I did manage to forcedown something I could not digestit. I was almost a complete -nervousand physical wreck and was beginning to feel that my end was nearing, for I had taken so many medicines without benefit that I had become discouraged and despondent,ent."One day I noticed about Tanlacin the paper and I decided to' try it.That day proved to be a happy dayin my life, because it marked a turnin my condition and I began steadily to improve. To-day I am on myfourth bottle of Tanlac and thechange that has come over me 6nothing short of remarkable, forI have been built up so wonderfully that I am feeling like a newwoman. My nerves are as steady asa clock and I am sleeping every -nightlike a child. My appetite has returned and I can digest everythingI eat without the least trouble.Tanlac has given me new life andstrength and I am in as good heaimas I ever was:Tanlac is sold in Paris at People sPharmacy. (adv)lXr;-V 4-Viq .lrtcinor vf f h Pans to- 1bacco market last week, final figuresshow that a total of 13,368.945pounds of tobacco was sold over thelocal breaks during the season for anaverage not far from $44 per hundred pounds.Thp. average, quality considered,is considered good by competentjudges, who took into account thelarge amount of .very inferior tobacco marketed over the Paris breaks,especilaly is this true of the weedsold in Paris during the last severalweeks the sales were in progress.Paris now can boast of six excellent loose leaf warehouses, all welllighted, and growers in Bourbon andadjoining counties can feel assuredthat their tobacco will be well caredfor if entrusted to the care of thosein charge of the tobacco market inthis city.It is said that the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company will soon begin the erection of a number of largetobacco storage houses in which tokeep their purchasers. This land isadjacent to the large redryer of thecompany on the L. & N. Railroad andthe company has acquired sufficientground to branch out considerablyshould they decide to do so.Another redrymg plant m ,raris isnow under discussion, and it is possible that the men behind this moveto further the interests of the Parismarket will bring the project to asuccessiui conclusion soon. xvuiuuihas it that the G. O. Tuck Companyis negotiating for ground on whichto build a redryer, their present plantin jParis being -too small to care fortheir increased business.As sure as youare a foot high-.o.''?.AZ.rlyou will liiw this Camel Turkishand Domesticblend!Kuli i .e.Lion Had Long Life.Authorities differ as to the age limit of a lion. Somo biologists fix thenormal span of a lion's life jit abouttwenty-two years. A lion which diedIn the Tower of London in 1760 hadlived in captivity over 70 years.CARBON!Rid System of Clogged -upWaste and Poisonswith "Cascarets."Like carbon clogs and chokes amotor, so the excess bile in liver,and the constipated waste in thebowels, produce foggy brains, headache, sour, acid stomach, indigestion, sallow skin, sleepless nights,and bad" colds.Let gentle, harmless "Cascarets"rid the system of the toxins, acids,gases, and poisons which are keeping you. upset.Take Cascarets and enjoy the nicest, gentlest laxative-cathartic youever experienced. Cascarets nevernever gripe, sicken, or cause inconvenience. They work while yousleep. A box of Cascarets costs solittle, too. 4 (adv)YOU never got such cigarettecontentment as Camels handyou. Camels quality and expertblend of choice Turkish and choiceDomestic Tobaccos make thisgoodness possible and make vouprefer this Camel blendto eitherkindoftobaccosmokedstraightlCamels mellow-mildness is arevelation! Smoke them withfreedom without tiring your taste !They leave io unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste nor unpleasantcigaretty odor !Give Camels every test thencompare them puff-for-puff withany cigarette in the world !Camels are sold everywherein scientifically sealed packagesoi u cigareiios; or zen packages 200 cigarettes) in a glass-ine-paper-covered carton. Westrongly recommend thiscarton for (he home or officesupply or when you travel.R. J. REYNOLDSTOBACCO CO.Winston-Salem. N. CcA-2tr!Vi)53S?WB-ivs".R$.;r:ij..2)Wm?TURKISH & DOMESTICBLENDC I C A R a T T Sfiri3S&3CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED 1877.J ArVvnt I -iM-rfc .n 5 n-vl - ---!Will Be Most SatisfactoryIf You Visit Mabley & Carewttt. i. ,jtHSt SIt ifk!siJlSuWe invite you to use this store as your meeting place useour restrooms, writing rooms and checking facilities. Makeyourself at home.Also let us extend you an invitation' from every section of thestore to come in and see the complete assortment of new merchandise which is now at its best.You are welcome here always.Our assemblage of high-classmerchandise is made up of themodels which are reigning in favor and which forecast the trendof the fashions that will dominate the seasonHSHad Flu and Lost 48 Pounds BeforeHe Started TakingVola-TonicFireman J. W. Jones, of CompanyNo. 21, Cincinnati Fire Department,who lives at 1844 Westwood avenue,Cincinnati, has gained 20 poundsweight since he started taking VolaTonic, "Builder of Strength.""I was in a seriously weakened,run-down condition when I got overinfluenza last winter and I kept losing weight right along until I hadlost 48 pounds in all," FiremanJones said."My appetite was almost completely gone and (the little food I dideat didn't agiee with me and didn'tdo me any good. Gas formed on mystomach after every meal and I wastroubled with constipation, too. Ihad headaches nearly all the time."I have an excellent appetite sinceI have taken Vola-Tonic and everything I eat digests perfectly. As aresult, I have gained 20 pounds.The constipation has disappearedand the headaches have left me."My wife took Vola-Tonic also after she had had influenza and itmade a new woman of her."Both of us are satisfied thatVola-Tonic is just what we needed."Thousands of men and womenpraise Vola-Tonic just as highly asFireman Jones does, because of thestrength and better health they havederived through its use. If youare feeling weak and run down trythis medicine that has helped somany others.You can get Vola-Tonic in Parisat Varden & Son's. (adv)SHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINES-SAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALUE PACKAGESPASTES AND LIQUIDS F"BI"v'!-l,0S&?K"ro'mTHE F. F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD.. BUFFALO, H. Y.!AGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Cormr Fifth and Pltasant Strttts, Paris, KylIHllgJlgSeSgaAJIlJJ-faygUl-.J--If-AAVgaMJjJiJMJilftlAllSY I C7CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. POUNDED I3CREInear at hand. j(q yjKft 7?. xJ. .r V, l K SLm . fi i w i ti -j ss. rHAewCincinnati, Ohio JBIGHT SORT OF MANPresident M. G. Scott, of the International Typographical Union,seems to be the right sort of a man.He has issued warning to the craftthat the vicious propaganda of theBolshevists, I. W. W. and radical socialists must not be tolerated northeir traitorious activities be permitted to destroy the union andbuild up a political trades union, tosubstitute general strikes for the orderly procedure of compromise andconciliation. These people, he says,are social lepers who would bringprivation and starvation in thehomes of workingmen and are cowards by every moral law. Murder,assassination and every unthinkablebrutality are included in their precepts and the leaders and their propaganda should be shunned like a pestilence. If all. the labor, heads wouldbe as brave and outspoken as Mr.Scott, labor would not be menacedby tic efforts of men, whose properplace is in prison, instead of beingat large to stir up strikes.mSpring Papering and Paing Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Aik thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.HIEstimates free and our prices consistent :with first niasa workmansniD ana tne Destmaterials used..-'I'KANE BROS.Home Phone 399(till july 1)PARIS, KENTUCKYUi t.twwwni- .. i" r,v&a::Mj;iii.-f .i'4;'4miXIXIXtiHiill-1Miduv.tr1i-?.4 iin.7j-, 'i m.'-' .'t ? '0 irf, t&V '-$...'j,--'" -A-,r". f .S7, " - ?1P WIL T - 1ft(,n--VjifeAfti''J . 7 '. -.1.J' V , -iJ? fcMVf. t S- V5ik,A -"sr43-PAGE BIG!THE, BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1920'tf-. f rirtu1 -W'L1Iu I;rl' .Ul-vMILLERSBURG:Mrs. P. L. Dimmett continueamohg-Hhe sick.Mr. Tt. M. Caldwell was "in3fayBvflle, Monday and Tuesday.- -J-Prof. Arnold was with his family at Bardstown, Saturday and Sundfey.' x -Jj-Mr. W. G. Sugg and familyfcav moved from their home recently, sold to Mr. J. 0. Halls, to hisfarm.Mrs. Sarah Trigg, sister of ACt Ball, fell at the home of her"daughter, in Cynthiana sustainingpainful injuries.--Miss Margaret Allen has returned, after spending the winter inMemphis, Tenn., New Orleans, La.,and several points in Florida.their homes with flu, are able to beout again.Owing to the illness of Rev. andMrs. John Purdy, , Presbyterianchurch.Graham Smedley, guest of Mrs.Mary Boston, and Dr. and Mrs. C.B. Smith, has returned to his homein Austin, Texas.Edward Layson and sisters, formerly of this place, who have beenresiding in Mexico, Mo., for severalyears, have returned to Kentuckyand are now located at Walton.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Toad vine,who were recently married in Jeffersonville, Ind., have gone to Toledo,Ohio, where Mr. Toadvine has u position with the Willys-Overland Motor Co.The following are attendingthe Inter-church Conference in. Lou-,THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND Admission: gSzZzTODAY, PRIDAYSESSUE HAYAKAWAin "The Illustrious Prince"By E. Phillips Opnenheim. ' A 'photoplay of mystery, intrigue, love and loyalty.PEARL WHITE in The Black Secret'and Mutt: and Jeff Comedy'Jazz Instructors"Owing to the illness of Rev. , isville: Rev. J. T. Slater, of theand Mrs. P. F. Adams, the revival Christian church, Rev. White, Bapmeeting which was to have begun tist church, Rev. J. W. Morton andin the Methodist church next Sun- Mrs. John Purdy, Presbyterianday, has T)een postponed indefinitely, church., Miss Mildred Bruce will not o'teach music any longer in the grad- 'd school. She has been compelled j 4to give up this part of the work on ' BIRTHS.account of serious throat trouble."THE SICK. Dr. C. B. Smithcontinues about the same at MassieMemorial Hospital. Mr. E. M. Ingels.improves slowly. Mrs. Harry Fayand son, who have been confined toWE HAVEWork ShoesandI Dress ShoesFor Men and BoysBy. selling them in conjunction with many other lines,such asSuits, Hats, Etc.'you can buy them for less.See for yourself.If You'll Stop HereYoi'Il Buy Here.Twin Bros.Men's StoreI. WOLLSTEIIf, Proprietor619 Main StreetI Near Jackstcmn, this county,' to the wife of John Mitchell, adaughter.I In this city, to the wife ofi Daniel Isgrigg, a son, their fourthchild, one son and three daughters., ' oMRS. GUTNER'S WILL PROBATED IN COVINGTON. .Tomorrow, SaturdayDUSTINFARNUM''A Man's Fight"inThe winning of a woman's love againsttremen'dous odds.alsoAlsotfSnub" Pollard ComedyWhy Go Home?"Monday, March 22Thos. I nee PresentsDOROTHY DALTONin "L'Apache"The Paris of the Apache, with hisfierce love, his fierce hate, and his quickdagger in the -dark.Cuckoo Comedy, ''The Sultan eff D'Jazz"and Burton Holmes Travtl Picture.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningDEATHS.BUSH.,-'J. W. Bush, of Houston avenue,this city, received a messageannouncing the death of his brother.Allen Bush, in Detroit, Mich. Inless than six years Mr. Bush has lostfive brothers.The will of Mrs. M. E. Giltner,wife of Prof. Wm. Spencer Giltner,former resident of Bourbon county,and well-known here, was probatedin Kenton County Court. She left anestate valued at about $80,000. Ofthis amount approximately $30,000is left to churches and missions and ' sosal, and sympahy for the stricken,family found expression in tenderand beautiful ways. She is survived by her husband, and parents, andthree young children, the youngestbeing tluee weeks old.Mr. and Mrs. 1 nomas Allen, ofParis, attended the funeral andburial, Mr. Allen being one of thehonorary pall-bearers.MARY PICKFORD WILL SPREADSUNSHINE.TALBOTT.Mrs. Sarah Jane Talbott, agedeighty-three years, died at the residence' of her son, Charles Talbott, inNicholas county early Tuesdaymorning, after a long illness, due tothe infirmities of age.Mrs. Talbott was the daughter ofthe late Mr. and Mis. John Parkei,pioneer lesidents of Nicholas countyand was married many years ago to1W. W. Talbott, who preceded her tothe grave over twenty-four yearsShe is survived by one daugh-the remainder to relatives. Valuable property was bequeathed to thehusband. Dr. J. T. Wallingford, ofCovington, was named administrator. The original will, made inSeptember, 1906, later was changedby two codicils. Mrs. Giltner diedweek before last. The body wasbrought to Cynthiana and buried atBattle Grove. Mrs. Giltner beforemarriage was a Miss Ogdon, ofBraokcn county.. SELLS POOL ROOM.I Charles Martin on Tuesday soldthe Pastime Billiard and Pool Room,jco-nducted in the Doyle storeroom.on Main street, to Ray Stipp, ofnear Paris, who will conduct thebusiness in the future. Roy Jones,recently clerk in, the J. E. Cravenrestaurant, will assist the new ownerin the business vThe Pastime rooms were conducted by the Pastime Billiard Coin which Carter N. Martin, Chas.Mai tin, Oliver Mann and WoodfordHouston were interested.ter. Mrs. Edward J. Burns, or nearParis, and four sons, Jesse Talbott,of Missouri, Charles, Leslie and Parker Talbott, all of Nicholas county.The funeral. was held at the family residence yesterday afternoon attwo o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. W. O. Crouch, pastor of theCarlisle Christian church.HOWK.rhe funeral and burial of Mrs.Myrtle Whaley Howk, who died ather home in Cynthiana, after an illness of influenza, was conducted atthe family home in that city Tuesday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, assisted by Rev. J. D. Armistead, ofthe Cynthiana church.She was the beloved wife of Wm.Howk, and daughter of Mr. andMrs. Todd Whaley, of Cynthiana.As a young girl, she was one of themost attactive and lovable in thecitv. charming in person, happy indisposition and popular in all circles.Sorrow over her deatn was univer-SVTEXASEXCURSIONytf vI1Our excursion party to inspect the irrigated Farm Lands ofF. Z. Bishop in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, Harlingen, Texas,will leave Paris, Ky.,Saturday, March 27, 1920You' will see the fields green with crops.x You will never see snow and sleet there.T You have roasting ears there in the winter season.You will now see oranges and grapefruit on the trees.You can raise 109 bushels of corn per acre.You will see alfalfa, Rhodes grass and hogs. tYou will find the labor problem is solved.. You can have strawberries from January to June. , fYou can grow three crops yearly on the same land. rYou will find fish and game very plentiful.You vill find that roses bloom in January. 'You will find cool summers and warm winters. vYou will find'the richest soirin the United States. ,You will find the most healthful of all climates.Let Us Prove Above Statements,We will have stopovers at Dallas and San Antonio or Houston, Texas, and two to three days drive in the beautiful valleyof the Lower Rio Grande.$50 Round Trip All ExpensesTo those who want to buy good land, a home, or make aninvestment somewhere. You cannot afford to miss this opportunity of seeing Texas and the " Winter Garden' ' of America inthe Lower Rio Grande Valley at Harlingen.Come in and see us and meet Mr. Smith or Mr. Greenfield,who are Mr. Bishop's representatives from the home office atDallas, Texas;, also get an illustrated booklet - showing whatthese Valley people are doing and make your reservation for thistrip of inspection.BISHOP & FLORALocal RepresentativesN. 4 BroadwayBoth Phones 224Paris, KentuckyMSf 'i v:Mary Pickford. as "T-he Glad Girl"in "Pollynnra," released by theUnited" Artists Corporation, willspread the sunshine of Elanor H.Porter's philosophy at the AlamoTheatre and the Paris Giand next"Yedr.efeday and Thuisday.This picture is said to be the bestvehicle in which Mibs Pickford hasever appeared.The story, written by FrancesMarion and based on Elanor H. Porter's celebated "Pollyanna" books,deals with the life of a little girlw?ho made it her business to spreadtie spirit of gladness wherever herpathway led.The deftness with which thispicture is handled stamps it as acinema masterpiece. Direction andnhotography are excellent and MissPickford's work throughout is a hightribute to motion picture art.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, March 19.Sessue Hayakawa, in "The Illustrious Prince;" Pearl White, in "TheBlack Secret;" Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "Jazz Instructors."To-morrow, Saturday, March 20.Dustin Farnum, in "A Man'sFight;" Snub Pollard Comedy, "WhyGo Home?"Monday, March 22. Dorothy Dalton, in "L'Apache;" Cuckoo Comedy,"The Sultan of D'Jazz;" BurtonHolmes Travel Picture."i Gregg's Orchestra" plays afternoonand night.High School AuditoriumMonday and Tuesday Nights,March 22nd and 23rdROSTAND"The White Ma hat ma"That mysterious man with the master mind. Hesees the invisible. He does the impossible. In his famous! MAHATMA FIRE ACTanoV many other puzzling and entertaining features.Startling, mystifying, weird, wizardy. unsurpassed". "Inall the world no other performance like this."Admission 25c and 50cSUE TO RECOVER ON LIQUORCONTRACTSuit to recover $4,095 from Julius Kessler & Co., Lair, Ky., for alleged breach of contract in sale andbottling 1,300 cases of whisky in1917 dismissed by Judge A. M. J.Cochran in Covington FederalCourt, has been appealed to U. S.Circuit Court of Appeals, Cincinnati,by Ii. Lazarus Liquor Co., Catlettsburg, Ky.REGULAR SPOOK CHICKS.Editor "Uncle Bill" Schooler, ofthe Somerset Commonwealth, setfifteen eggs in the dark of the moonon Friday, February 13, from which,he has just taken oiff thirteen sturdychickens, all destined to live if theycan escape the black cat jinx.oChairman Hays says Republicanfinancing this year is to be "anopen book." Pocket, check or both?You Can Save a Good DealWhen You Buy Now at Cut PricesDuring This GreatSiiftr9 g iMIf you are looking for shoe valuesextraordinary this sale offers youthe chance to realize a saving of 30to 40 per cent, on every purchase.LPTfiADt MFKPiOUSPAIOfrNow is the Time ToBuy and SaveiMliniSAa.-UUSTGUiPATCffLadies' Brown Kid Boots, in English lasts, militaryheels or the high Louis heels, values to ! Adwwi439.00, now 'Ladies' and Growing Girls' $6.00 EnglishLace Boots, now.... r$3.99Ladies' $7.50 and S8.00 BrownKid JBoots, Black Kid EnglishLace Boots, ta7n and black kidwith gray kid tops, now .Ladies' $7,50 Brown Kid Lace Boots.' leather m .tops, French or Military English heels, while rRli.Sr BBthey last, SPECIAL.Lot of Ladies Shoes f Agvalues up tp $3.50. . P m9A lot of Children's Kid Shoes, sizes 3 to 6,worth-$1.50, at i$1.00Special Men's Tan Gun Metal and Vici KidShoes, all new lasts, $8.00 grades r qqSale pr.ee ...$JJ5J5fMen's Good Work Shoes, worth $4.50On sale at$2,99Boys' Shoes of quality that will give lastingwear. Buy a pair and save $2.00. 'o AtOn sale at"..." 3.49Misses' and Children's $4.00' LaceBoots, all sizes, on sale at . .-.$2.99nrA '-.!..'N5:DAN COHENWhere BeautyandjEconorny RcinParis1' Greatest Shoe Store,- ---i . J- ''tet- Jr --Jt-'s ' A1i "IT. "" aiv e-