1'i s r-- . V., .'-. . &THEPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1920BOURBON NEWS i. ,iATJTO OBDDIANCES DISREGARDEDAlpmost every day someone pointsout the utter disregard of the automobile regulations in Paris. "Wehave personally noted many of thepn,and others have been told us by eyewitnesses. The police are doing allin their power to curb the growingrecklessness and carelessness ofdrivers, but the task is -one thatthat would require more men thannow compose the force.One of the most flagrant and frequently-violatedprovisions of thordinances is that which forbidsdrivers leaving their machinesstanding, with engine running. Thisis violated every day. The driver ofa big oH truck drew up in front ofthe postoffice one day last week, andwent in to transact some businesswith. Uncle Sam's men, leaving thetngine of his machine running. Insome way the machine started off ofits own accord, and ran acress thestreet, crashing into an iron fence infront of the hojme of William Clark,on Pleasant street. before it could bestopped. The driver, hastily summoned by a colored man who hadseen the machine start off, ran afterit and succeeded in stopping it after it had run into the fence. Hadthere ben children or even grownpeople in the path they might havebeen killod or seriously injured. Alittle carelessness may yet cause thedeath or maiming of. some innocentperson.FLEMING MAN ARRESTEDLARCENY CHARGE01?Deputy Sheriff Powell, of Flemingcounty, came to Paris and took backwith, him to Flemingsburg, FrankPowers, a young white man, wantedby the Fleming county authoritiesen a larceny charge. Powers wastaken into custody here hy Patrolman Robt. Lusk on information fromFlejmingsburg.According to Sheriff Powell, Mr.Garrett, proprietor of a manumentalworks at Flemingsburg, had givenPowers employment, and had takenliim to his home following an appealfrom Powers for assistance. Powerslater disappeared, taking with him"a suit of clothes and several otherarticles of wearing apparel belonging to his benefactor. The officersstated that Powers shortly after arrest, admitted his guilt, and restored the stolen property.BIG LOT OF TOBACCO SOLD IKAUGUST.During the month of August 2,038.750 pounds of the 1918 crop oftobacco were sold for $210,162.62,or an average of $10.21 per hundredpounds. Of the 1918 crop 26,514pounds were sold for $26,742.54 oran average of $10'.0S per hundredpounds.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMarly Fall ShowinofSuitsCoatsDresses' . Skirts' ,' vFalL Styles of Hand MadejVoile and Batiste .. Waists .,; Just ReceivedFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERS JALLEGED DESERTER ARRESTEDHERE RELEASEDAffidavits declaring him to be ofunsound mind saved Morris Cleveland Shanks, xalleged deserter, temporal ily from return to the GreatLakes Naval Training Station, atChicago, Friday. The young man wa-3rlaced under arrest here several daysago by Chief of Police Link, on information from the Navy department, charging him with desertionHe was turned over by the countyauthorities to Sergt. J. H. Miller,who came trom the Great LakesNaval Training Station, with papersfor Shanks' return to the post.Upon presentation of the affidavitsShanks was released on a writ ofhabeas corpus, and taken in chargeby his father, who ouched for hisappearance in the future, if wanted.It was alleged that Shanks enlisted at the Navy recruiting station inCincinnati and was given transportation to Chicago, but failed to arrive th'ere. He was located at hishome near Ruddles Mills, where hehad returned, instead of proceedingto his destination.NOTICE TO BLUE GRASS B. Y. P.U. ASSOCIATIONThe officers of the Blue Grass Association met in Paris, Ky.t Saturday, August 28, to complete the program for the Association, which willbe held in Paris, Ky., the 7th and8th of October, 1920.The program will be interestingand beneficial to all. The Paris people urge all who can to stay forboth days. If Mr. T. W. Spicer, ofParis, is a sovnple of the Paris peoParis, is a sample of the Peris peoSo prepare now to spend the 7th and8th of October with these good people who want you and are planningto entertain you., MARY ARMSTRONG,Georgetown, Ky.o .ANTO COLLIDES WITH' TELE- PHONE POLE.Dr. Frances P. Campbell nddaughter, Miss Mary Frances Campbell, of Paris, had a. miraculous escape fro.m injury Sunday morning near Paris, when the machinein which they were riding wasthrown against a telephone pole.Miss Campbell was drivingand w-hen near a point near theGeorgetown pike bridge over Houston Creek, the car struck a deepnit in the road, giving the machinea twist, and causing Miss Campbellto lose control of the -steeringwheel. The machine plunged dew n.a steep qmbankment, in its descent,striking a telephone pole at theedge of the creek, arresting itsflight. The car was considerablydamaged, but the occupants escapeduninjured. The creek was swollenby heavy rains, and but for the fortunate intervention of the telephonepole the car might have plungedinto the swift current, and the occupants drowned.ft-.'" NCROPS IN COUOTY INBAD SHAPE."Weather conditions that haveprevailed in this county for mostof the past summer and into thepresent week, have been a contributing factor in the destruction ofmany tobacco crops,' and tobaccomen are faced with almost sertainruin of their crops. Near Norj3Middletown the "rust" is a seriousrmenace, nearly all the crops in thatvicinity being affected, and manyhfiins- hmisehnrned. Tt is said thatabout half the crops have" been cutjor housed. Some farmers,, it wasstated yesterday, have about decided'to take their crops out of the barn,giving it up as a complete loss.Many are using stoves and heatersin their barns, while others are try-jing to dry it out by taking it out,of the barn and hanging on scaffolds. In some cases .the tobaccorots at the root of the stalk and fall.off. THE NEWS was told yesterdayof one Paris man who had a nicecrop of the weed, which had beencut and safely housed in the barn.The crop was thought to be in firstclass shape. Saturday the ownermade a close inspection, and to hisI dismay, discovered that it had practically retted. Taking a stick or metobacco from the rail on which ithung, he found that the whole masshad rotted, due to the influences ofweather and other causes, and waspractically worthless. The samething is reported from a number ofother places.In other parts of the county tobacco crops have been declaredworthless and have been abandoned,while in other sections the cropsdo not seem to have been hurt.Not in the memory of the oldestinhabitant has the tobacco situationin this county piesented such a varied aspect, fio,m excellent to worthless. The excessive rains have damaged the tobacco crops in Clarkcounty to an alarming extent. Innearly all sections of the county,there is a nievalence of rust, andmany crops are almost a total failure from house burn.A great many tobacco growers inGarrard county are having difficultyin saving their tobacco crops on account of the continued rains.Some farmers around Keene andTroy, in Jessamine county, are reported to be plowing up their tobacc fields pieparatory to sewingthem in wheat this fall.: oMAKE A SURE "GET-A-'WAY.Be assured 'of a sure start.Exide Batteries in the answer.OurService Station is now giving excellent and dependable service. Let'sget acquainted.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION. oBLACK BIRDS DESTROY CORN.Bourton county farmers in anumber of precincts complain ofdepredations made in their cornfields by the visits 'of laige numbersof black biids (of the featheredkind.) The birds pull the cornfchucks open and eat part of thegrain. The continued rains causethe exposed corn to rot as tnemoisture gets inside the shucksAhere they have been opened. One Jfanmer near Paris said he had--losthe greater part of the corn in threefields from this cause.o "NEGRO .ARRESTED .CHARGEDWITH ROBBERIES4Acting on information suppliedby the authorities at Versailles,Chief of Police Link, assisted byPatrolman Lusk, went to Claysvillc,the negro subuib of Paris, yesterday afternoon, and placed underarrest Jeff Johnson, colored, agedforty-six, charged with jail breaking, and violating his parole.Johnson was taken to the Parisjail to await action on his case.Johnson was put through acourse of "sprouts" by the arresting officers, and made a full confession, in which -he admitted robbingstoresat different places throughthe central part of the State, Uponbeing asked to name these storesJohnson gave the following list,which he said he had broken intoand where he had stolen and madeawav with a large quantity of goods:Two at High Bridge, one each atSilver Creek, and Paint Lick, inMadison county, Valley View, Tyrone, Lawrenceburg, Duncan's CrossRoads, Keye's Cross Roads, two" atMillersburg. two at Midway, Butler,two at Falmouth, Shawhan, , Lair,Boyd, Centerville, Red House,Mkton and the Phosphate MinesPomnnn-r stnrp. near Midway. He.is suspected of having had a handin the robbeiy of the Harry Simondepartjmenl store at Paris.Johnson, who claims Madisoncounty as his home, has served twoterms of four years each- in theFrankfort Reformatory on similarcharges, arid one year frrnn Winchester. He escaped from xhe Versailles -iail c-n June 15, and hadsince been at large. In that timimost of the robberies to which hemade confession to the Paris officershad been committee. He will nowbe slated for a life terpi under theprovisions of the legislative actmaking a third conviction a lifesentence. He was paroled fromthe Reformatory in 1916. TheParis authorities will endeavor tohold Johnson here in the hopes ofsrleauicft some positive informationfrom him in regard to the Simonstore robbe.ry7of which' .they rcconvinced he knows more than hoi has told. --TOBACCOFORMAL OPENING OF DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNEnthusiastic approval was giventhe Democratic party on" the formal'opening of its campaign in Kentucky, Saturday, with endorsementof the League of Nations and thelegislative program of the nationaladministration the dominant features. The Republican administration inKentucky was scored bitterly byCongressman Alben W. Barkley ina keynote speech at Frankfort.Judge Samuel M. Wilson, speakingat Cynthiana, gave a synopsis ofGovernor Jas. M. Cox's career fromearly manhood and outlined theDemocratic administration's record,ffiving reasons for his. belief that theDemocrats will carry Kentucky inthe November election. He statedtlat the ticket is eminently satisfactory in every respect.Senator J. C. W. Beckham, making "the second speech of his campaign for re-election to the UnitedStates Senate in Lebanon, Saturday,took the Republican party severelyto task for attempting to make political capital out of war's conditionsand its effects in this country.State candidates, headed by Senator J. C. W. Beckham, entered formally into the campaign Saturday,'the senior Senator speaking at Lebanon, with Mrs. John Fulton, ofBardstown; Congressman Alben W.Barkley, at Frankfort; Congressman David H. Kincheloe, with Mrs.John B. Castleman, at Haidinsburg,and Judge W. Rogers Clay at Danville,. Senator A. O. Stanley spokein the afternoon at Greenville and atCentral City in the evening.Especially significant was thepresence of women at the twentymeetings -held in the several sectionsof the State. Results of the organization being perfected by Mrs. Samuel Wilson, vice-chairman" of -theDemocratic campaign committee,were seen in the large percentage ofwomen at the several meetings.Every indication points to a heavywoman's vote for the Depiocrats,who have preceded the Republicansseveral weoks in their organizationof the newly enfranchised voters.PARTS SCHOOL NOTESThe State Department of Education will hold an examination fo-fourth-class cities in Paris, Fridayend Saturday, September IT and lb.This will be the last examinationheld for fourth-class cities thisy ear. If you want to qualify to teachin the Paris ' schools during th.3! present year, take this examination.The Paris City Schools are nowoffering courses in shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping and alliedsubjects, to girls and young womenwho are working. Arrange -withtheir employers and with theschool to copne to the school for instruction at certain hours.Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A.R., of Paris, will join the facultyand pupils ofthe Paris City Schoolsin a celebration of "ConstitutionDay," to be held in the auditoriumof the Paris High School at threeo'clock, next Friday afternoon,September 17. The principal addressfor the occasion will be delivered byDr. Dorothy Stimson, head of theDepartment of History of Transylvania College.oONE TUBE FREE.Wt will offer to the public alimited number of 30x3 tires,for this week-only, at $16.15 andgive a free tube with each tirebought. Only two tires to acustomer.- PARIS TIRE CO.(14-2t)PICTUEE PHOGHAIrl ATAND ALAMOGRAIOTo-day, September 14 Screenadaption of Emerson Hough's greatnovel, "The Sagebrusher;" WilliamDuncan and Edith Johnson, in "TheSilent Aveng'er;" Prizma Colorpicture. To-morrow, Wednesday, September 15 J. Warren Kerrigan,, in"The Joyous Liar;". Joe Ryan andJean Paige, in "Hidden Dangers;"Topics of The Day.Thursday, September 16 MabelNormand, in "The Slim Princess;"Flanagan and Edwards, in "TheRead To Ruin;" Chester OutingTravel Picture.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoon and night.oSTATE BARKERS ELECTOFFICERS.NEWElection of officers, committee reports and a general discussion of interest rates were the principal matters before the Kentucky Bankers'Association, Wednesday, bringing to"a close the twenty-eighth annualconvention.C. H. Ellis, Sturgis, was electedpresident oL.the association to succeed John H. Welch, of Nicholasville. .Other officers, selected areHarry G. Smith, Louisville, secretary, re-elected; J. W. Richard3,Owingsvillej treasurer, succeedingC. A. Doris, "Dixon. The members ofthe executive committee, elected fora three-year term are:1 Sapn Nichols, Danville;. C. E. Hearn, Clayand L. W Brashear, Hazard; S. L..Palmer, Benton, was chosen president or wie siaie JoanK seutiuu, uuGeorge E. Engle, Covington, -Willoccupy a, similar 'position in the National Bstrik section. "TJie- elections of vice-presidents" tvas; poetpone'd- until a later meeting.'CITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS FALL RACE MEETWG AT'LEX-INGTON TRACKMany matters of vital importance ,to the citizens of Paris were carri- Racing activities will shift' frweted forward at the recent meeting of the Eastern tracks to Leximftomr omthe City Council. Mayor E. B. Jan-' September 18. when the fall mutuary presided. jing will open for a seven days fc--Theonly absentee was Councilman ing program. The best stables fromCatesby Spears, who is in Canada, on . the Eastern tracks are now at Xexhis honeymoon trip. The Council ' ington, and many others will. bdisposed of some minor matters of. shipped so as to reach the traini-routine business, after which a reso-fldtion, passed at another meeting.calling for the reconstruction of ceitain named streets with curbingand guttering, was adopted by aunanimous vote, andordered pub -liShed. The ordinance is oublishodin this issue of THE NEWS. Thestreets specified in the ordinanceare those between Pleasant andHigh, intersecting Main street. !They are to be rebuilt of permanentimaterial.A request from the citizens ofNewtown street, asking that thestreet be included in the scope of improvement work, was refened to theImprovement Committee. D. V. Terrill, Dean of the College of Civil Engineering at The University of Kentucky, submitted a report on asample of oil used in oiling the citystreets, showing that it possessed ncvalue other than as a dust preventative. Instructions were given toCity Engineer Boerner to begin immediately the improvement work onSouth Main street, from Fourteenthto Twentieth. The ImprovementCommittee approved the recentlyfinished concrete work on Pleasantstreet, and ordered the ' contractorspaid. According to the report thecity's share in the expense will be$8,860.60. Application from CalvertMeng for permission to rebuild hisbarn and garage, on Mt. Airy avenue, recently destroyed by fire, wasreferred to the Fire Committee.WEEKLY BANK CLEARINGSeptember has seemingly absorbed a small part of the businessslump during August, as evidencedby the weekly bank clearings report. Business will take on a better tone as soon as the safety of theto'bacco and other crops are assured.Merchants do not anticipate a very tlarge volume of business until thefall crop? are harvested. The report of the four banks for Tast weekfollows:First National $175,263.58Farmers & Traders.. .. 76,916.09Bourbon-Agricultural . 205,493.15Peoples - Deposit . . . . 199,099.39A decrease of 529,638.71 as compared with previous week's report.oNEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THE!freisht train The negroes (madeVERY BEST. i their escape. The injured men wereL . Z ! taken to the Harrison Hospital, in.Get the New Process gas stoves to , cynthiana where they were gi?eado your heating. They will save mP(1i0.ai 'attention. Lawson asyour gas bill. ,(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.WE KNOW H0WRIAL ECONOMY1E AL economy in clothesmamount of money, but in getting the , greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give-value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly- woven and full ofwear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting. fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less "careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO JMENIJ55;quarters in ample timebefore theopening event.There jwill be six races daily, ani. vno purses will be for less than ?80.Racine: Secreth.rv Wm. TT. Shitr-j has provided a program cf eventswhich will include some of the bestknown fliers of the turf, and loversof "the sport of Kings" will.be guar- "anteed an enjoyable seven-days' racing. Several Bourbon county horseewill cpmpete for racing honors atthis meeting.In addition to, the racing program"daily concerts will be given bV oneof the most prominent musical organizations in the country. Thegrounds and track are being worked'every day by a large force of workmen and the opening day will findeverything in fine shape for thecrowds!PRISONERS MADE, ALCOHOLPROM CORN BREADAt Henderson. Jailer Bob Davisfound a crude but complete' moon-shine still in the jail, being operateled by seven white prisoners. Thestill was made from a coal oil can,with a small can underneath to holdthe fire. The men had distilled morethan a pint of "white mule" from isour cornbread.For a siphon they had torn up anew disinfectant spray and insertedit in the top of the coal oil can toallow the "juice" to run into a. tincan. Fire was made from torn-up"blankets in the can underneath,and it was the rag smoke that ledthe jailer to make the discovery.For several days past the white,prisoners had complained they werenot getting enough cornbread. Extra supplies have been furnfsfeed ,them and it was from the bread theymade the moonshine.SHOT -BY NEGROES ON EREIGHTTRAIN.Two white men, Milford Lawson'and J. C. Stanford, both ot Corbin,jwere shot but not seriously wounded, between Shawhan and Paris,i Saturday night by two negroes. Themen were beating their way fromij.nt in the abdomen, and Stanfordshot in the abdomen,in the hand.CLOTHESconsists not in spending the least possibleyf-T.BLAKEMORTo----Aa;a-t &i .4Xv"H"O r irv.j V vu ..r1 r;y?(Klf -5f AGE TWO-THE BOURBON IW& PARIS; , KETUCITUESDAY, SSFTKMBER 14, JJlf...VIK BOURBON IWScd 188159 Years of Continuous Publicationcd Everv Tuesday and FridayTear. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.a$ttHtr&d at the Paris, Kentucky,Ttetofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)MEFOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. York American Press Asso-ffck&go Lord & Thomas.JMladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.4Bcinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Xooisville Stark-Lowman Co.Jay erroneous reflection upon the33cter, standing or reputation ofaaey person, firm or corporation-srfcach may appear in the columns ofTSEE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlyeseT&sted if brought to attention ofdse editor.ADVERTISING RATESStojplay Advertisements, $1.00 per39Htk for first time; 50 cents per inchmck subsequent insertion.Bending Notices, 10 cents per lineatefe Issue; reading notices In blackSJP. 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candlQte&, obituaries and .resolutions, andatedlar matter, 10 cents per line.Social rates for large advertlseawwt&nd yearly contracts.Tie right of publisher is reseivedteieeline any advertisement or otherwriter for publication.Announcements for political officesmet invariably be accompanied by)te- cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKET,.) a For Presldtnt,$ - -James M. Cor, of Ohio.Tor Vice President,SSimklin D. Roosevelt, New York.T,ov United States SenatorJ.C. W. Beckham.3ftSr Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay. ,JME YOU REALLY INTERESTEDIN PARIS.When you settle down to live in asfac,you becopne a partner in theyafclic enterprise of maintainingw ssiunity life. This partnershiplaiiif- even among people who payiw taxes. If they .buy, supplies orymr oard. they help pay taxes ii-4Sctty- Hence they are interested' at this proposition of communityMaintenance.But some people do not seem tcxealtze that they have any share inVfcfe community of interest. Men who. -ve, charge of public parks sayAct hoodlums will cosine in and de-, erately break down seats, trample4B plants, and do other damage. Ifey find a -strip of ground care-. $gfr planted with grass seed, m the' 3Ke of making a beautiful lawn,ey will maliciously or carelessly. Tralk across it. ,They eeem to think it is funny tc4fagtroy something that other people have worked to create, even ush doing so they destroy somethingsT -their own. It is much as if artner in a business walked into thaSee and began to take money outthe safe and throw, it into thej&reet.A lot of people who know too. much to commit any malicious acts.' Trill yet offend in similar ways, Arough carelessness. They will cutcorners on grass plots, until tne ntannates of turf look seedy and ragged. They carelessly throw awayTfxite into the streets of which theyr part owner, until the town looksslatternly.let ns all here in Paris get this-ifea well in mind. We are all tacitly united in a purpose in whicheveryone has an equal interest, themaintenance and development of afgh- class town Every one mustWke hold an help keep it orderly4 beautifuL Every one ought to4 aomething positive to help improre it. But if 'you can't set outm. tree or plant shrubs, at least re- train from any damage to its proprty no matter how slight.o-ATOTJtAUAN 'MINISTRY SAY"PROHIBITION ANTICHRISTIAN" TRftfolutions favoring prohibition-rr Wjct9d by the Anglican synodfit mmr at Adelaide, South AusuatrtB Tn,tlie dsbatc c-ne of themmk the Kev. Mr. Walker,H: "rokibitkm is anti-ChristianZflk iJM nf' American cranks."4VZL L c "THEFRONT PAGE VS.ERONT PORCHTHE( Courier-Jaurnal )The Front Page versus the FrontPorch! That expresses more clearlythan windy argument the fundamental difference between GovernorCox and Senator Harding; in theirpersonalities, in their campaigningmethods, in their conception of aChief Executive' relations to leadership. The Democratic nominee , makesthe front page of the newspapersbecause he has constituted hipselfthe pace-petter of the campaign.Despite established precedents whichputs the burden of proof on the"outs" and permits the "inb" to satisfy themselves with rebuttals, theDemocratic nominee has cudgelledhis way into the "van and is leadinga merry cliase to the gentlemanfrom Marion.While tbe latter fans himself onhis fion porch, Governor Cox is received enthusiastically " in NewYo'k. New York likes him. Andwhile Cox is giving the details ofthe "get-the-money-boyn" drive, Senator Harding 'is sciatching his headand wondering how in the world heis going to extricate himself frqmhis League of Nations stand. Th$Republican Prophet is waiting fcrthe mountain to come to him, whilethe up-standing Democratic nominesshas delivered his message toGarcia and is coming back with fullsteam ahead.Cox on the front page; Hardingon the front porch; God's in hisheaven; all's right with the world.COMPULSORY SCHOOL ATTEND' ANCE.Surel)' not for long will attendance in Kentucky be thought of a&compulsory attendance. The Kentuckian has only to lealize that hischild's welfare, happiness and usefulness are at stake, then 'he willmake every effort to have that childin school every day. Parents .willundergo hardships in these effort:because they realize along with other things the fact that in givingtheir child an education they aregiving him about the only thingthat cannot be taken away fromhim.Mot parents realize the loss ofcharacter and certain disgrace thatis going to come to their child if. hedoes not have an education. Everyparent understands that it is thetrained mind and hands that do thenott effective and profitable work.Taxes are -paid every year for theeducation of the children. Thesetaxes are wasted if the children donot go to schGol.To our shaime it must be said,but last year there was an averageattendance of 37 per cent, in Kentucky. Taxes weie paid for a 100per cent. attendance. Teachersweie paid to teach all the children.Not only parents, but all tax-payershave a right to object to such awastefulness of money. But thereneeds only to be an awakening tothe great loss, the children are suffering, then there will be the nearly100 per cent, attendance.oDONT'S EOR HUNTERSDon't hunt off your ovn N landwithout a license.Don't shoot without this year'shunting license.Don't shoot doves before September 1st nor after December 15th.Don't kill more than fifteen dovesin one day.Don't shoot quzftl before November15th nor after January 1st.Don't kill more than ' twelvequails in one day.Don't kill woodcock before November loth nor after Januaiy 3st.Don't kill more than six woodcock in one day. ,Don't kill wild turkey, importedpheasants or Hungarian partridgesbefore November 15, 1924..Don't shoot, buy or sell labbitsbefore November 15th nor afterJanuary 1st.Don't, snare rabbits at any time.Don't hunt, pursue, chase, catch,kill injure or molest any deer bpfoie November 15, 1925.Don't kill any wild duck, wildgeese or jack snipe before September 15 th nor after January 1st.Don't kill any Wood ducks, Eiderducks or swaii at any time.Don't kill, trap noi have in yourpospession at any time any song orinsecitvorous birds.Don't wait until November 15thto buy your hunter's license. Do itnow.Don't kill all the quail in a covey'leave some for seed.Don't forget to feed the birds during the winter.Don't fail to notify your localwarden or this department of thosewho violate the law.A fellow. who hunts without alicense is a cheater see that heobuys the law.: oMany a man is compelled to takemairied life according to directions.. oThe -wrongs of our people are continually get tins-mixed up with ourrights. i .A ResolutionPROVIDING FOR, THE ORIGINALCONSTRUCTION OF THE FOLLOWING STREETS IN PARIS,KENTUCKY: 2ND STREETFROM THE EAST MARGIN OFMAIN STREET TO THE WESTMARGIN OF PLEASANTSTREET, 4TH STREET FROMTHE EAST MARGIN OF HIGHSTREET TO THE WEST-MARGINOF PLEASANT STREET,5TH STREET FROM THE EASTMARGIN OF HIGH STREET TOTHE WEST MARGIN OF PLEASANT STREET, 6TH STREETFROM THE EAST MARGIN OFHIGH STREET "TO THE WESTMARGIN OF ' PLEASANTSTREET, 7TH STREET FROMTHE EAST MARGIN OF HIGHSTREET TO THE WEST MARGIN OF PLEASANT STREET,8TH STREET FROM THE EASTMARGIN OF HIGH STREET TOTHE .WEST MARGIN OF PLEAS' ANT ' STREET, 12TH ' STREETFROM THE EAST MARGIN OFHIGH STREET TO THE WESTMARGIN OF PLEASANTSTREET AND 13TH STREETFROM THE EAST MARGIN OFHIGH STREET TO THE WESTMARGIN OF MAIN STREET, BYTHE ORIGINAL CONSTRUC-TION OF CURBING AND GUTTERING ON BOTH SIDESTHEREOF, AT THE COST OFTHE ABUTTING PROPERTYOWNERS, AND THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY, WITH VITRIFIED BRICK, ASPHALT, BITULITHIC, WOOD BLOCKS,ROCK ASPHALT, CONCRETEPAVING OR OTHER TYPE OFPAVED STREET, AND SETTINGOUT IN GENERAL TERMS THECHARACTER AND EXTENT OFTHE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENT AND DECLARING SUCHIMPROVEMENT OF EACH OFSAID STREETS TO BE A NECESSITY AND PROVIDING FORTHE COST THEREOF TO BEPAYABLE ON THE TEN YEARPAYMENT PLAN.BE IT RESOLVED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, Kentucky, as follows, to-wit:Section 1. The following streetsand portions thereof are hereby designated and proposed to be improved by the original construction of theroadways with vitrified brjck, asphalt,bitulithic, wood blocks, rock asphalt,concrete paving or other type ofpaved streets, and by the construction of curbs and gutters on bothsides thereof,, except where the sameis already constructed in conformitywith the specifications for the proposed work, and such improvementof each of said streets and the portions thereof is hereby declared tobe a necessity. The cost of curbsand gutters to be at the exclusivecost of the abutting property owners. 1. 2nd Street from the East marginof Main Street to the West marginof Pleasant Street.2. 4th Street from 'the East margin, of High Street to the West marginof Pleasant Street.3. 5th Street from the East marginz of High Street to the West marginof Pleasant Street.4. 6th Street from the East marginof High Street to the West marginof Pleasant Street.5. 7th Street fiom the East marginof High Street to the West marginof Pleasant Street.6. 8th Street from the East marginof High Street to the West marginof jPleasant Street.7. 12th Street from the East marginof High Street to the West marginof Pleasant Street.8. 13th Street from the East marginof High Street to the West marginof Main Street.Section 2. The cost of the improvement of the intersections ofsaid streets, including the necessarydrains and one-half of the width ofsaid streets abutting other streets oralleys which run into but do notcross said streets, and the cost ofthe improvement of that portion ofsaid street which may abut upon property belonging to the City and wherethe abutting owner is a PublicSchool, Cemetery, County, State orUnited States should be borne by theGity of Paris, Kentucky. The Cityshall also pay for one-third of thetotal cost of the improvement afterdeducting therefrom the aforemen?tioned .portions of said cost. The're-maining two-thirds of the cost of(said improvement shall bepiud bylWTari '.' Tl:30;p,m.the assessment of a special tax uponthe property abutting on said improvement in the manner providedby law. The material to be used insuch improvement ol said streetsshall be determined by the Board ofCouncil upon receipt of bids.Section 3. The said taxes hereinprovided for to -be assessed againstthe abutting property may be paidon the ten year uamient plan in themanner provided oy law, but theCity's portion of the cost of saidimprovement shall be paid in cashupon the completion and acceptanceof said improvement.Section 4. This resolution shalltake effect when signed recorded andpublished as requirecLby law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk.WarningJ will not be responsible for anydebts contracted or bills made by mywife. Mis. Cora D. Taylor, on andafter this 'date.(10-2t) WuM. E. TAYLOR.Country HamsN WantedBring us your hams highestcash pi ice paid.BLUB GRASS CAFE,E. H. Brannon & Co., Props.(10-2t) 418 Main St.MMMBaKKLostBetween Fscondida and Clintonville, an automobile casing, for Siltertown Cord tire, 32x3 in. Reward if finder returns same.R. S. DARNABY,(10-tf) Clintonville, Ky.Lumber For SaleWe have about 4,000 feet, moreor less, of lumber for sale, wreckagefroim lumber shed, consisting ofdimension lumber, boxing, sheating,etc. Will sell the lot for $80.00..IAS. M. TEMPLIN,At Mrs. Templin's Paint Store.(10-tf)Feathers For Sale,A large mattress of feathers forsale. In fiist-class order. Apply atthis office. vSecond hand furniture and sto.ves.We fdso sell all kinds of furniture and stoves.(7-3t) J. ELVOVE.Free CindersCall at Ice Factory for all thecinders you want free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour ot the day or night,- callus, Curibeiland phone 7, or Homephone 42S.. THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.WELDINGATJTO REPAIRING ANDERAL MACHINE WORK.GEN-HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)NOTICETOCreditors and Debtors!All persons who ' have claimsagainst the estate of E. F. Clay,deceased, late of Bourbon County,aie hereby notified to cend m thesame to the undersigned, proven accoiding to. law; and those indebtedto the estate are requested to makeprompt payment of the same.BRUTUS J. CLAY,BUCKNER CLAY,Executors of the Estate of EClay, Deceased.(7-3twks)F.Service Taxi Co.(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)' J. R. MASTERSON, Prop.Both 'Phones 204.Taxi and Truck Service, Day andNightWill Eun 'One Car Daily Excetrt.Sunday, Erom Paris to Millei;s-hurg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1. ,Leaves Windsor Hotel atll:20 .a.m.Vrrive in Millersburg.. 11; 40 aim.Leave .Millersburg . !: 00'; p.m.Vrrive Windsor Hotel&.'iOU R observanceof all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.pM. man, i I l tmenDRINKi. - rk1 1ERTELN'HDOUBLE-DARKThe Drink that Leaves a Pleasant MemoryHave it in your home at all timesThe OERTEL Co., Louisville, Ky.incorporatedMakers of Oertels Double Dark, Oertels Dark and Oertels LightMartin. ChemicaS Co., Distributors, Winchester, Ky.Till Sep 25-FTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem In daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford, carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.feuCBourbon LaundryDAVIS &. FUNK, Proprietors 1Telephone No. 4(IIIfj The Bourbon Laundr jr: j" ... -j . - . , -JfarisrIWest Fifh StreetXsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-merits in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are JJprepared to do work infe- Irior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.XIKentuckyw .. I ' "" ..int7( v" r,ammmtmsm i.v J 4?&t r hr ? .S".,-t"it.t."X TulmV ! -KjJjwjiY s-.f"-.A -l,-,.-- 'Vv4 , . .! .!V7--,1 " -.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 44, i920.COLDSWmJSpreJ IMFWENMKILL THE COLDONCE WITHBILL'SCASCARAIrQUININEtrd cold remprr i"1-.?bIet fra-fe, sure, noY U1K UP a CoIa n 24"j" rcaeves grip in 3 days.-wwy uattc ir it tails. TheKcaumc dox has a Red-P. with4 Mr. Hill'spicture.At AUDrmg StormtTHE BOUKBOM NEWS, - PARIS, ggOTUCTykW StandsT'nnnNifci i n hn coATBSHEXCURSIONNATURAL BRIDGE, KY.and ReturnSunday, Sept. 19, 1920$2.20 ROUND TRIP $2.20Including "War TaxUOUBT .DECISION . IMPORTANTTO TRUCK OWNERSThe " motion made before ChiefJustice John D. Carroll, of the Couitof Appeals to dissolve the injunction granted by Circuit Judge Robt.L. Stout, lestraining the State TaxCommission from enforcing theiunror J,aw" was overruled. As aresult of the decision, Judge Carrollsustains Circuit Judge Stout, whoheld that the law was unconstitutional in that it amended a statuteand the amendment was not set outin full in the act.The law was passed by the recentLegislature and it provided thatmotor trucks must carry mirrors onthe side of the truck near he driverso that he could see vehicles approaching from behind. AlbertTerstegee, of Louisville, sued outthe injunction and the appeal wastaken fronr Judge Stout's decisionby Attorney General Dawson in order to get the status of the law definitely settled.SQCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings o Our, People Here, There andElsewhere.h '.: - Z7-I r r vnaH mrm m m illbWDHo-will leave PansSpecial train9:55 a. m.Grand Mountain Scenery, Boating and Fishing. ,Ke'urning, Special Trainleave Natural Bridge 4:45 pwillm.For further information,Local Ticket Agent.consultINTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington EorParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. Mi 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45P. M. 11:00A. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45. P. M. 2; 15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.APPROPRIATE JUST NOW.I'm the guy who loses his temper when arguing about politics.When I know my ideas ar?.rijrht. itjmakes me angry to think that any-'one should disagree iith me.i Jf you don't agree with me, you! don't know what you are talkingabout, and that's all there is about2t. . --; H , ( fc, .i -. -If you had any sense you'd seethings the way I do. I have brainsand you .ought to give me credit forthem and knowr that I'm right.I don't care what your reasons orarguments are. I don't care whatyou think or what you say. I wantyou to listen to me and be guidedaccordingly.And if you won't, why shouldn'tI lose my temper?If you're wrong, it's up to me toconvince you.And if you won't be convinced,you're dumb.If you don't want me to lose mytemper, don't argue.KEIfTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYASPiRILName "Bayer" on GenuinexxIXUceaX5B1XHIanX1X1IXMrs. Geo. Ellis, ProprietorAnnouncing the openingof a modernTea RoomRegular Meals,Light Lunches.Salads, Sandwiches,Coffee, Tea,Milk, Etc.THEELLIS TEAiOpposite Court HousefeVll'lA"Bayer Tablet? or Aspirin-' is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlya-n unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sal-Icylicacid.(adv-tf-T)cymOf-sJiS x3?k s-&s- VWfiWSouthern Optical Co.PERFECT-JU11NGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyeIavMtbU Bifocal LmmCOTMr4tkaadLOUISVILLE. KY.StW m3?m& .J! fell hin, I PI l- 9 ,, jmdlbmLlONcoifuacnlOCATiOwccTs'rAxcqKeep this Door Open TooMr. Merchant!Would yon lock one of your doors for theprice of a telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe the customer who wantsto telephone you an order will wait until thatdoor is open again but maybe he won't!If your present equipment is often in use,you might make a profit on another telephoneor "trunk" or on even several more; a goodmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same number, using any of your lines that is idle whenyou are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on thetelephone. Think it over."At1 Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.. (Incorporated) xJ. J. Vealch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.Miss Bettie Sweeney has returned from a visit to friends in Brooksulle. Mrs. Jesse R. Letton, of Paris,has gone to Martinsville, Ind., to remain ten days.Harry Stamler, of the L. & N.fhas rerurned from a business trip toBirmingham, Ala.Mrs. Lucy Black, of Greencastle, Indiana, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Helen Forsythe.Miss Mabel Templin has beenselected as teacher of music in theLittle, Rock Graded School.Miss Mattie Lilleston returnedSaturday from a two-weeks' visit tofriends and relatives in Chicago.Mrs. Charles S. Goldstein andsons, Harold and Sello Goldstein,were recent visitors in Cincinnati.Mrs Julian McClintock has. returned to her home in Richmond, after a visit to friends and relativesin this city and county.Mrs. John Lansdale and son, ofBeaumont, Texas, are guests of Mrs.Lansdale's aunt, Mrs. Amos Turney,at her home near Paris.Misses Florence and ElizabethSmitheis havi idurned vto theirhome in Frankfort after a visit toMiss Ada Biven, near Paris.Miss Ruby Jane Houston, ofParis, entered Miss Doherty's School,at Cincinnati, Friday, as a studenfor the fall raid winter term.Miss Alpa Louise Goldstein,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Goldstein, of Paris, is attending the Cincinnati Conseivatory of Music.Mrs. Louis Taylor and littleson. Amos Taylor, have returned totheir home near Paris, after a visitto Mrs. E. C. Arnold, in Covington.MissLura Blanton and MissJosephine Chenault, of Richmond,were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs.Ben Buckner, at Xalapa Farm, nearParis.Mis Bla-nnie D. Shipp. of Lexington, is a guest of her daughter.Mrs W. F. Talbott, and Mr. Talbott, at their home on Seventhstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howardand daughter, Miss Susan BakerHoward, have returned from it visitto Mr. and Mrs. William Howard,Sr.. in Richmond.Will Grosche, who has been apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, for several weeks, sufferingfrom stomach trouble, has left theinstitution, considerably improved.James Ginn, expert auto mechanic and mechanical engineer, leftSaturday for Hughton, Saskatchewan, Canada, whore he will reportfor duty on the E. F. Spears &Sons big ranche.Mrs. Win. H. McKleroy and son.Billy, guests of Mr. and Mrs. JohnStuait Roberts, near Paris, havegone to New York for a short visitbefoie returning to their home inAnniston, Ala.Emfcry Downey, who was run'down and seriously injured severaldays ago by an automobile, is improving slowly iit the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he as takenshortly after the accident.Mr. and Mrs. David Dow. of Se-Jattle, Washington, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. R. P. Dow, in this .city.Mr. "and Mrs. Dow are en route totheir home after, a three-months'tour of the European battle fields.Richard Butler, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. Richard Butler, of Paris,.recently underwent a successfuloperation at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for removalof tonsils, and is now getting alongvery nicely.S&elby Record: "Mrs. HarryStamler has returned to her liome inParis after a visit to her sister,Mrs. Luther Black Miss HarrietRogers has returned to Jier home inParis after a three-weeks visit toMiss Juliet Poynter."Miss Essie Saloshin, of Louisille, who graduated with high honors some time ago in the nurses' classat Norton Infirmary, in Louisville,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. SimB. Levy, and family, in this city.Howard Carr, formerly of Paris,who has been in the epnploy of alarge automobile concern in Akron,Ohio, for several months, has returned to Paris to reside. Mr. Carrhas taken a position with the BigFour Mctor Co., and with Mrs. Carrand family, will go to housekeepingin apartments in the Pinecrestapartment house.(Other Personals on Page 5)That So Many Paris People PailToRecognize' Kidney WeaknessAre you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges; headaches, dizzyspells?Go to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few knowwhat to do.Kidney trouble needs kidneytieatment. .Doan's Kidney Pills are for thekidneys only.Have convinced Paris people ofof their merit.Here's a Faris case; aris testimony. Kidney sufferers hereaboutsshould read it.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, savs: "I -have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery prug Co. and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, reliable kidney remedy.Whenever my kidneys have actedirregularly or my back has beenweak and lame, I have used a box orso of Doan's Kidney Pills. They havealways relieved me of the complaint." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy gelDoan'y Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-Milbur.iCo., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oWAR MOTHERS' EXECUTIVEBOARD HOLDS MEETINGThe executive board of State WarMothers at a meeting held at thePhoenix 'hotel, in Lexington, perfected tlie plans for the State Convention of Kentucky War Mothers,which will be held in Louisville onOctober 1.The. convention will be held Nat theSeelbach hotel, which is to be theheadquarters of the executive board.To'this meeting all War Mothers areurged to come, whether they aremembers of an auxiliary or not, for"the meeting is to unite all thoewho gave their ,men for the GeaitWar for Human Liberty and Equality," say the members.Present at the meeting were Mrs.William' Dowell Oldham, State WarMother, who was in the chair; Mrs.Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Vice-StateWar Mother; Mrs. Louis Roger3,State Treasurer, and Mrs. WalterPayneall of Paris; Mis ueorgeSpear, of Frankfort; Mrs. John Hernng, of Georgetown, and Mrs. J. F.Knowlen, Abner Oldham, of Mt.Sterling.oSAY "DIAMOND DYES"MOTHER!"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child Is naving the bestand most harmless physic, for thelittle stomach, liver1 and Dowels.Children love its .fruity taste. Pulldirections oh each bottle. YouDon't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package....-.......... ,. a, .., ,-......,GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENI Make Lemon Lotion to Double ?Beauty of Your Skin I-lf4ll'iMl'4l'.Mt -f--f----t--t ' 'i"t !!Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and. delightful lemonbJeneh for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as a jfreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T).oYOU KNOW THIS FELLOW LSCHOOL DAYS!School is nofw a matter ofdayslThe youngsters will soon betrudging to and from school.They must be properly clothed,for they cannot do good schoolwork unless they wear comfortable and well-fitting clothes. .And their clothing must bemade of long wearing materialto stand hard knocks and scuffs.We are specialists in Boys''Clothing and Shoes.Boys' Suits$7.50 to $18.5(TBoys' Shoes$4.00 to $7.50. I-'.-- .VTWINB!"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"JCLOTHINGANE OEP'I.619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorJ- E-g"'And Now we are Making Contracts ForFallPaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHERlFall is the proper time to do4 outside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phone. for appointment.KANE BROSHome Phone 399 . PARIS, KENTUCKYfcM11Adll-llW- --i-aitl!?grft-tl---a.gn.!r3.iJUI'm the guy who knocks papersoff your desk when he1 brushes pastit and never bothers to pick themup for you.They're your papeis, not mine, sowhy should I put myself out foryou?True, I knocked thepn off yourdesk, but I didn't do it intentionally.Anyway you shouldn't have them sonear the edge that they can bebrushed off.Besides, if I stopped to pick themall up, it would take up my timeand delay me. And my time is tonvaluable to me to waste it in thatway.It maj- interrupt your work, anduse up your time, but what of it?You can woik a little faster afterward and make up for it.As it is, the only one who getsupset over it is you. And you cantake it out on me by pnutteringx behind my back after I've passed by.That doesn't hurt me. Im' used toit.You ought to be glad I didn'tknock over your inkwell. Then youwould have had a mess to clean up.And I wouldn't have helped you inthat either.oGREAT DEMAND FOR ERUITJARS FOR "WHITE MULE"H15S5JaE:SggJtSSBi-iJ,aj5gI-5;5gg5gS5!rT:The demand for fruit jars frpmthe back country adjacent to Glasgow has been enormous the pastfew weeks. Truck load after truckload has passed through Glasgowheaded east the last few days, andthe demand it still great for fruitjars. f fScarcity of, bottles has driven the"moonshiner ajid thfc '.. bootlegger tofi fruit Mara ai a container for 'theWANDER BACKAlong,; the Trail Jof YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash of Cbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsating ?vm wj. .ii tju.wvj ui one ocuaiLivc LiiLiii ui LiiH lh nnr .in rClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trkilof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT.MAIN STREETW. SPICEROPP. COURT HOWInimimuHtmivXJ-"1X1:&:xx.IXV1.7.I"'. ' Et iGEO. W. DVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentTOTH PHON$-DAY U7f NIQNT 2.jPr s?jmi i vPV54MlM-'i-'must say "California." ' ' -.' , (adr-T-stf)1 I' - - '- inJ lis , ,l4rfcvv 1 'v-i-4i-AVh f-7- vV,, wMl-tr - ,.-.;' ."iv'"TEE BOURBON NEWS! PARIS, KENTUCKYPAQSMCBTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14? 1920S -VtK.IMPORTANCE OF OUK SCHOOLSTO THE CfflLDHENEDITORIAL FLINGS OF THIS,The week jast past ushered in theTHAT 'EN 'TOTHER 1920-21 term for Paris schools a de-cidedly important event in the livesof the teachers and pupils. Busine&sis -important; the result of the con-WILL YOU VOTE FOR HARDINGOR COX?NLODGE NOTESPour candidates will be initiatedinto thfi'mvsleries nf the PvthianThe answer is: You will vote for sisterhood "held Thursday night. Af-neittier1 For the American voters, i ter the work a social session will heeven with, all the fine additions totheir numbers . by Tennessee's net-iAn. old-timer who hab been away test for the Presidency is important; (results, do not vote directly forfrom Paris for several years, came church and social activities are im- J Presidential aiid Vice-Piesidentialfcack on a home-coming visit last poitant. But among all the neces- j ndid tes The forefathers hail aneek. While in one of the local sary and cultural activities the chief , candidates Ihe forefathers had anpool rooms -he was asking about 'a asset of Paris .now is and ever will idea that the best scheme would bebe the splendid nujmDers or its eau- to pick out a sort of jury, made upcated children. No material wealth of the best men of the COuntry, whocam be held to be the equivalent in , , , . ,, . . , ,.lvalue of this treasure. In the schools "ULim suu LsCL" "u VCi xcand their product are bound up and merits of the different candidates,included all that progress, morality, and give the country the benefit ofprosperity and happiness can mean 1heir - pr0f0Un(i deliberations. Theto the city. , x . , ., ,. ,The schools of Paris already are electors are placed on the differentmeasured b the standard of highest tickets, and they always ' carry outexcellence. Their fame has spread their pladge to vote for the candiabroad throughout the Bluegrass. daTes wllose cauS8 lhey represent.All our social, moral, artistic and n r , ,, ,,commercial development in the com-:So' th.e naes of Cox and Rooseveltinunity life are secondary to the va!- J will be at the top of one ticket, andue and importance of these schools. Harding and Coolidge atthe top ofAt the beginning of this second 'another but their names' merely in-neeiv vi me new scnooi year, wneiinumber of former acquaintances."How's jtny old friends ReubenStamps Moore?" he asked. PearcePaton made reply: "Oh, he's growing up with Harding!"Dispatch in daily papers tells ofa $93,600 bull in South America,at an International Stock Show.Well, that's a small price. We remember reading sqme time ago of a"bull" in New York that cost a bigbrokerage firm something over$300,000! .But then tne "bull" camefrom a telegraph operator's mistake.A New York judge assessed a fineof $3 against a young man whoclimbed over the footlights in response tc a prima dona's song,"Con.e To My Arms And Kiss Me."We are inclined to the belief that iftliis liad happened in Faris, Countytfudge Batterton would have held,ihe emotional young fellow over tojthe grand jury for being armed.WantedFOR SALE(14-3t)the young people of Paris are niak-idicate that the bunch of unkohwnsing ready for their battle against underneath have the party o. k. Aignorance, preparing to go on under cr0Ss in the square at the top of thethe guidance of competent and sym-1 column , th idea, Vote ,erpathetic instructors, it is well that i , ,,'., v . ,ihe average citizen should realize ! straigh. (and girls); vote erthat he can do much to assist and ! straight then you can't go wrong'maintain the standard of excellentof the city's schools. The standardof the schools must ever be the criterion of the city's progress.The schools, their regulation conduct and control, should always beIt used to shock us-to read of theslaughter that made a Roman holiday , but with the automobilejsmaph-ups. ' running down of innocent pedestrians, railroad wrecks.a n-i TT,,i-i,uif ntliov 1-inrl nf iip.p.iSents in thtsTcin y, we seem to befco1 Produce the highest and: " .! . (' , ,, nllfl best ovork until the teacher is embolus yietty wen aius - powered to exercise in the work ofourseivg. the school the widest latitude of per-,. . , do,. sonal judgient consistent with thefcom? tinny .vk, a,fu 'public welfare. Concentration ofsoman's skirts gathered uPf power, in.a Board of Education, toltiig Jitrms uii. luc oustwIt requiies 266 electcial votes toput the candidate across this yearand usually the electoral votes settle the election. However, in thecase of Thomas Jefferson," his elec-held, when refreshments of ices andcakes will be served. A full attendance of the members is requested. The Grand Lodge of Kentucky,F. and A. M., will convene in Loujsville on October 19, at 10 o'clock,and remain in session three days.The Grand Chapter of Kentucky,R. A. M., will holdits next annual-convention in Louisville on October19. at 7 o'clock, and continue insession both Tuesday and Wednesday nights.The Grand Council of Kentttckj ,R. and S. M. will hold its next annual assembly in Louisville on October 18, and will finish its workin one night:The Order of High Priesthoodwill holcl its annual session in Louisville on the afternoon of October 18.oDuring the first sixteen days mJanuary, 1920, more than $14,000,-000 worth of domestic spirituousliquors were exported from theUnited States.oThe four hundredth anniversaryMagellan will be celebrated by Chile j (-tf)in November.246 acres nine miles from Paris on,Night operator. Good pay to the ! Sod lke' 7fu improved and waterright person. ; j ln ee' ?eVd- jQ ta .lS underPARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TEL- S0?d fencin 200 lre 1J ZssGRAPH CO., Incorporated. 1 balance under cultivation. Price.iuu yci auc. iLOStMITCHELL, MOEELAND &MITCHELL,Real Estate Agents.Automobile tire and rim waslost off my car Friday somewherein Bourbon county. Reward for return. DR. WiYr. KENNEY,First National Bank Bldg.(14-tf)For Sale or RentTwo-story frame residence, located at the corner of High and Boonestreets, (No. 1455 Main street.)Five rooms and bath complete, onfirst floor. Five rooms and bathcomplete, on second floor.- Arranged for two families. Separate stairway to upstairs apartment. ApplytoCAPvTER N. MARTIN, Owner,Or MITCHELL, MORELAND &MITCHELL.Real Estate Agents.617 Main Street(14-it)Paris, Kv.FarmSalesmen WantedProspective farm buyers to thenumber of 7500 each week are writing to or calling at our offices inAjmenca's twelve largest ciUesassthese glorious days ofj5ul u uicftc bullu,. , J . . , (is but a mere creatuie of such a1820, a germ nas io cmu i ms Board, is a policy which must makexo rcaeh the hem of a skirt that he - ,'.,' A ,..r,!: ,. ,, -.J i-Tl . Kolrc V.ic: JW1 lUmviCH O-llU ICUUfilCMlUHgeis alzzy uuu wns emu uica "jieck. Perhaps this is one reasonBourbon county women are healthierthan they used to be.-. otTHF VOLSTEAD LAW IS BADLY jDISCREDITED(Cincinnati E.o.uirei)Time was when, happy in the(belief that our Anglo-Saxon ancestors "d established a fundamentalprinciple of law, we Americans re-nnicpn in iie inviolability of our- 2iome We proudly boasted that injthis land of inspiration and libertya, man's homy truly was his castle.divorced entirely from political in-1 Uon oyer Aamn Burr wab decidedjiuenue iiuu auLiioi iuy. vioreover, no I ...in tne iouse oi lfeprebeiuauvea.Andrew Jackson "vas also the choiceof the House. In both these casesthe candidates had a plurality butnot a majority in the electoral college. Hays had a minority 'of thepopular vote, but a majority of theelectoral college, and Harrison" beatCleveland in the same manner.Lincoln and Wilson each receivedless vhan a majority of the popularvote of the country, but each had amajority in the electoral college.oA girl doesn't necessarily lose herhead when she lays it on a youngman's shoulder.so great an extent that the teacherLet the Paris schools be made andcontinued real schools, fostered andguided by a v ise Board of Education, inspired and vitalized by teachers unshorn of their independence.oWOMAN'S PARTY PROPOSALSSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEWAmong the early proposed bless- Creameries haVe generally receivings to be conferred by the National cd a larger volume of butterfat thisWcjman's party we are" told by the than during the same period' , , . ,. ., last yeai. There is a large feed andsecretary of that organization, will J forage crop avaiiabie for fall feedbe the further "emancipation" of ' ing, and a continued increase in thewomankind. If the policies of thb ! butter made over a year ago is ex-For Sale By OwnerFarm of 100 acres, also one of 80acres at Greensburg, Ind. Address.JOHN E. ROBBINSr(17-2t) Greensburg, Ind.For SalePony, buggy and harness. Baypony, eight years old; sound andgentle for women or children. Canbe seen at 518 West Eighth street,or call Cumberland Phone 755.(14-2t-pd)rthe result of our country-wide advertising.We have sold more than 21,000improved farms. We now wish tosecure he services of reliable men,to act as our local representativesin desirable farming sections in Wisconsin. The capital, business methods andreputation of the largest farmagency in the world, established in1900, will be behind you and if youwill do your part, your success isassured.Unless you have been successfulin othr ventures and enjoy the respect and-confidence of your townsmen, do not apply. Previous experience not necossary, but you mustown an automobile.cc-il oil stove; gas range; rocking Our business is paying capablechairs; wash stands, and a-lot of 'men $3,000 to $7,500 yearly. StatemWMEmumlmB1AI have for sale a few pieces offurniture, practically new, which Iwill sell cheap if sold by Saturday,September 18. The lot consists ofsideboards: kitchen cabinets; Chippendale writing desks; bookcases;other articles "too numerousmention.1 will take pleasure in showingthese goods to prospective buyers atmy residence, corner of Seventhto . all particulars in first letter regarding your age, business experienceand whether you are a propertyowner. All eomtmunications and information will be held in strict con-street and Higgins avenue, at any I fidence.time that it ,may suit purchasers ;E. A. STUOUT FARM AGENCY-to look, as I will be at home all j Blvmyer BideMRS. ELLA STUMP, j Cincinnati Ohio(14-lt.) (14-2t) - -..-MWi!23Hjr wroevix. a-v - vv"jwj im-" -'-grwovwrorrT'WOrHsnt va.VMMBtasn.'sxaraceaK'u uj.jtsaBfeminine aggregation prevail "eco-v r 4- r I"Riittru- itnplr in e-fnrn. hvp not nr.nomic freedom for married women. large as last yeai.f but a yeai ag0 theunder laws lecognizing their right United States was exporting butter,But we long had been grouping in to makitain separate homes and be this year the movement is the otherfhe darkness of fatuous error. We self-supporting" will become estab- way Donir.ark, New Zealand and. . - WiM icHvon m- i,' i 4. ,and Argentine -are shipping butterwere ignorant m'our bliss, mistaken hPhed fact. . i, ua Qtflein our faith. The ferret-eyed God- Further states the Secretary:Yless of Reform discovered our in-, "Until women are economically fre.rfirmities. and witli divine preroga- j they cannot hope for full equality,atveset us in the straight and nar-jour (marriage and divorce lawstow path once more, there to walk! should be revised and made uniformin conformity with enlightenedideas."So doth suffrage promise swiftdeliverance in case of a bad bargain, if our suffragette wives figureit out jthat way. Mary, being eco--with her guidance, -not as homesteaders, but as Volsteaders.Yea, the Volstead law came andsaw and cornered us. Gone is j ourpride of domicile; gone the primalimpulse to .defend our own. Should-we incautiously forget the cider jug nomically free, takes up her bedand walks to her independent, individual abode, while John ' hangsout at the old stand if he is willing to .Jtand for that sort of'er.-I lightenment" matrimony.Ingenious is this proposal within the cellar, or yet the juice expressed for innocent imprisonmentan eloquent bottles, or intended toTe used in the making of innocuous3elly. Nature, impersonal, skilledtenemlst that she is, perforins heroffice without so much as a "by j reference to easier divorce. lilady;your leave." uffers fiom a bad lher, or a fit ofThen comes a knock at our port- j hysteria, or both. The woild, theflesh and her husband are againsther. She is mismated. (miserableand mischevious. Away she hies indetermined dudgeon to the nearesCadi, where, according to her legalright to decide whether she will livein the same .house with her hus-to the United StatesThere has been no marked changein country prices for butteifat.The demand for eggs is good Cur-"rent production is not sufficient tosupply the requirements of the consumer, and storage stocks are beingused to make up the deficiency.Prices of fresh eggs show a highertendency.Lhe poultry has been in good depnand, due to the approaching JewishhoU-Ts On account of lighterfreezer stocks there has also been agood demand for" dressed poultry.It is apparent that a laige number of chickens are now reachingthe marketing age, and with largerreceipts there may be some declinein price from present quotations.-icullis gate Ave admit the intrudernd learn hat we are criminal, subject to the high justice and the low;that we are responsible 'for more' than cme-ialf of 1 per cent, then and-(there found to be in our keeping.lAnd so we bow to the (majesty of the3aw. vATTENTION, TAX PAYERSThe time limit for listingtaxes is drawing near. You willplease note this and give us acal before we are compelled to-! attach the penalty ordered bylaw. We trust you will givethis your immediate attentionand not force us to extremei measures.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.Cumberland Phone 838band or whether she will maintain- . i j vn -wiTvirr nonnl: a i . j j . IJOt aione uo iuc tun"" vr a separate iiuine, sue uemamis aim Hnm Phnnn 9A7jry "t against the infliction of this receives her divorce. Then, with (aug20-tf)oI laws -now 'come Judges, -Lictors and tilted noe and scornful lips, sheother interpreters and executors can grQ forth shouting"Io tiiumphe!'charged with its enforcement, de- for deliverance from a mere appan-. jcrying its heaven-anointed benefi- ag0- to her econqmic freedom,icence. Noteworthy among these is Suffrage seems to" protend manyiJ United States Commissioner Hurley, peculiar possibilities.who savs: "I regard the Volstead , 0GAS METER IS ACCURATE! ct the silliest, most ridiculous law pjrgf VVinC and Lightningever written and imposed upon lib- Insurance.erty-ioving people. if th ( Thomas, Woodford & Bryan, act could be enforced in its entirety ' oand we had an army of agents to en- "WOMEN MAY CHEW TOBACCO" , day. Like the registering turnstileiorce'it, there would be 50,000 Cin- SAYS JUDGE. j in parkes, railroad stations and fair-icinnatians arrested and recorded as J A nvonia asked w H g ti grounds, tho meter will not operateFut 100 of the best watchesagainst 3 00 gas meters in a test foraccuracy, exposed to the same vary-! ing conditions of heat, cold, humidity, and the meters will win outevery time. The gas meter is regarded as one of 'the most accuratemeasuring instruments in use to-unless something passes through it.The mechanism is not set -in mo-law-breakers. This court room Kansas City policeman, how to reach-Tirf vo Pholced un 24 hours a day an address. Scott told her.with defendants called to trial. 1 '"Thanks." said the woman and'j tion and the indicator hands canv.nv non'nio unwii.t.inarlv are law- ,breakers, under the language of this chew. Scott arrested her on a through and makes them .move." Itj" ' charge of disturbing the peace. fis interesting to know that tho-What fools we mortals be." j M.&SZS' tXJ0" 1 . r1 ' PHPHo Tf woman mnv vnfo :h,, aaopiea in j.644 ror me correct measurement of gas still per-wnmnn mnv " -vntfiA New York fireman is the inven- R,milfin.t ti,pV pi,pw? innnimi) fLjtor of n automatic fire alarm in judge '"wkich a phonograph is connected n ,-witi & telephone and announces wsists and that while hundreds of iriventors have endeavored to discoverTtc nn tTrnhli frj-r q mo n Vi....operator just where the fire of hi's d judgment when he m&keii something better they have improvetarts. a good guess. ed upon details only.H klisll3lHAT$6.00toi Glance in11 ' J"" '" ' '"' ' m mammmmmmmmm!i-- """" . J f -Uur Show WindowsWill Show the Season's Newest Styles7STIUR SHOW WINDOWS will show you the season's newest styles, just out-mJ of the shop of the leading makers of the country. Every suit bears theBP distinction of being master tailored and designed right up to the minutein style. We're showing double-breasted models this season made in variousways. Some are made with one button, long roll lapel;-some two and three button models are also shown. These garments are made form fitting, with or without belts. Single breasted coats are cut along new lines, running a little longerin length (as are the double breasted coats) in one, two and three button coats.You'll find in our showing of suits bran new patterns, including club checks andstripes. Plain colors continue to be very popular.fA LOOK IN OUR SHOW WINDOWS WILLCONVINCE YOU THAT OUR SHOWING ISCOMPLETE AND OUR PRICE HARD TO BEAT$20.00 to $67.50R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreLumber,Shingles,Roofingof All KindParis, Ky.J);mPARIS, KY.fc BOTH PHONESts.9-:iaK8-.k.-BTy: ivv VTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1920.THE BOUKBON NEWS, PARIS, EftNTOCKlWAGA IJT"LmiyFOR THE BEST' MOTHING ELSEPICKLES WON'T SPOIL?jf up your pickles with Ferndellcp'rL and Heinz pure pickling viner and your pickles won't spoil.s(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.oATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERSIf you require Coke to burnin your tobacco barns we areable to supply you.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Telephone 14.TBEKTJ FOR TO-DAY AT ELLIS'TEAROOM. 'Fned chicken, gravy, green1 -. mashed potatoes, corn pudi. tomato salad, hot rolls, icecrec1"1 cake, coffee, iced tea, milk,p, pvi plate, 75 cents.THE ELLIS TEA ROOM,(It) Opp. Court House.oALIENED SPEEDER ARRESTEDA special dispatch to the dailyp-pt s fiom Versailles, had the foils 1 'Walter Kenney, Jr., of Paris,ard B. R. Jouett, of Winchester,e, i driving an autOjni.ob.ile, werear . ed here for speeding. It ismI that they were racing andtfc the two cars wen running"r: :. and neck" when Officer WillW " te tried to stop them in front of11. Baptist church. PolicemaniKle- headed them when the car&lathed the corner of Main and Lexli ton sti tets. The young men werer.tn'iing home from a dance atFinkfort."o --MAKE NO MISTAKEV-Iien you want to "go" you-,nt to be sure that you cansait." You will always be readyi ou -aill use our dependable Ex.le Batteries. Our Exide Lightings tcm i the best in the world.Get the Exide habit it assures .".cuick get-a-way and sure start.EOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION. , -, oTOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barn !against loss by fire, tornado analightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)-kSOCIAL AtU) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.it,wE00d ?1Tf Texas, is viss .PnTTM' ."tington Mann, ofwSnlS VSAtms her brother, ClarkWilson, at Dayton, Ohio.to lTl W' IcClure has returnedWsi??nme m Tennegsee after at Lp, 1S parens, Dr. and Mrs. P.Li. McClure, near Paris.A7TlTS E0Ile Chanslor andI LlrtIe Jock to the borne recently purchased in Paris.. ;Mr- and Mrs. Lester Gore andfamily have returned to their homenear Paris after a visit to friendv iciftuves m inaiana.Lewis Kid well Vm vptn,.nnri ..his school studies in DavenportIowa after a visit to his parents,'Mr. and Mrs. V) tt in.:Mr. and Mrs. Catesby " SpearsTiewlv-WPris sro c-i; j. 'their honeymoon trip on the Spearsranche near Hughton. Canada.Miss Maiy Fithian Hutchcrafthas returnr-ri fvnm a iriojf .. m-n., ivftuci, in Georgetown.Lauthman Woods left yesterdayfor St. Mary's, Ky., to re-enter St.Mary's College for the 192Q-21school term.Miss Lillian Johnson, of Paris,will attend the Kentucky OrphanSchool at Midway duringthe year1920-21 school term. 'Mr. and Mrs. Owen L. Davis returned Saturday morning from anextended stay at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Ind'?' --BEAI ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAuctioneer M. F. Kenney soldSaturday for Master CommissionerO. T. Hinton, a house and lot inLittle Rock, belonging to SamHughes to Robert Hillman, for$1,010.Mr. and Mrs. Richard C. Wellingon Saturday sold their handsomehome on Henderson street, to Mrs.Robert Lyne, of. near Shawhan, fora price reported as $6,000. Mrs.Lyne will "move to the property .andoccupy it as a home.Dan W. Peed, Sr., and A. V.Douglass have leased the Haggardbuilding at High and Fourth streets,and will conduct a general automobile and truck business, andhandle all kinds of automobile accessories. "The fanrn of Newberger & Moore,near Centerville, containing 129acres, was sold at public auctionFriday, to Mr. Moore, for $265 anacre. The farm was sold by Geo.Burberry, in 19 L9, to Newberg &Moore for $240 an acre. The saleFriday was made in order to dissolvethe partnership between Mr. Newberger and Mr. Moore, the formerretiring.The Jos. M. Rion property on Second street, purchased some time agoby B. Friedman, was sold at privatesale Fridav bv Mitchell. Moreland& Mitchell, at a price reported atclose to ?7,500, to J. W. Rankin, orM Raukm is a, , . near uariisie.To; hf ,nCy , ? fc a?VIary brother of Newt Rankin, well-knownLews. have returned to their homes 'otocn of Carlisle. Mr. Rankinin Flemingsbursr. after a visit to ., A ,will get possesFion next month, andwill occupy the property as a, home.The home was offered at public salesome time ago, but withdrawn.o-friends and relatives in Paris.Ned Brent, son of N. FordBrent, of Paris; spent the week-endin Versailles with hfs grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. Edward M. Wallace.Robert A. Rose, of the localpostofhce force, returned. Sundayfrom a two-weeksL vacation spentin Philadelphia, Atlantic City andNew York City.Mr. and Mrs. Ray Clark andchildren, 'Mattie, Julia and MargaretClark, of Battle Creek, Mich., aieguests of the fonmer's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Walter Clark, on Fifteenthstreet.-Mrs Sorwiia Ewalt Kiser leftyesterday for Danville where she t o xwill be resident nurse at the Ken- ,.. t Tn-rrtuckv College For Women, exten- C0LVTN MAY SUE SCHOOL BOOKATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret itCarpenters ae scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.1 anr2-tf) .... -- .Paris anuTHE JEWISH NEW 2EARThe Jewish New Year, which began Sunday evening at six o'clock,will end at the same hour to-night.Most of the stores of Jewish merchants in this city were closedthrough the day yesterday. YomKippar, a day of atonement, will beobserved about ten days later.Rosh Hasana, or New Year'sDav, is the first of the "Ten Days ofRepentance," which ends on YomKippur, or the Day of Atonement.These days, the most sacred in theJewish calendar, mark a preparationperiod for "Sabbath of Sabbaths."the holiest day of the Jewish year.Although the new anonth, Tishri,Ahich began Sunday, is the seventhin the Jewish calendar, is celebratedas the beginning of the year 5681.In the Bible the day is termed theDav of The Memorial, or the Day cfThe Blowing -of The Trumpet.o jSWEARINGEN HAS PINE STABLEAT LEXINGTON.J. G. Cooper, of Cincinnati, one ofthe best-known horsemen in Ohio,jias beer in the Bluegrass regionseveral days visiting Bourbon andFavette county stock farms. Onepurpose of Mr. Cooper's visit was tovisit his stable of trotters at theLexington track in charge of W. G.Swearengen, of ,Carthage, O., formerly of Paris. -In this stable isGreat McGregor, a four-year-oldbrother to McGregor, the Great,which Mr. Swearingen expects todrive in 208 during the Lexingtontrots; Rose Guy by Guy Axwothy.heat winner in the two-year-oldtrots at the Ohio State Fair; a grayti otter by Manrico out of Zillah D.t2:26, by The Directoi -General,and a" green pacer by Dan Cole,2:1514.oDEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN OFFICIALS ABE APPOINTED.HEMS.Failure to get school textbooksrate, is expected to expedite consolidation of schools.sively patronized byBourbon county girls.Thomas Hamilton, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memo-; distribution is worryingrial Hospital, wheie he underwent p1-"" ni,-,an operation some time ago. has re-' State Superintendent George Colvn,,turned to his home in North Mid- who said reports received fromdletown. ' counties on the first test of the newrL!1-;nd IrS' ?enoA0biS I compulsory attendance law show 90and children have returned to their w,mm J . . ,home in Lancaster after a visit to . per cent, of the children m bchool.Mrs. Robinson's parents, Rev. and j 'Some country teachers have aMrs. Frank M. Tinder, in North hundred pupils. Practically all:" -Kn Frank is here from ! the schools are supplied with teachCleveland, Ohio, as a guest of refers, but many of them have .more,tives. Dr. Frank is in the U. S. ser- ( pupils than they can teach succesvice,, holding a commission as Cap- ' fuly and housing facilities are intain in the United States Infantry. ' R condition, coupledReserve Corps. i"" .The following handsomely en- with tne elevation oi i im",J"u"'graved cards have been issued :"Miss Mary Fithian HutchcraftMiss neienutcncruiL, j Superintendent Colvin's re.Thursday, September sixteenth, j quest Attorney General Charles I.Luncehon Bridge. One o'clock." Dawson has written publishers thatDuring the fall race (meeting at . unles5 ' they COmply with their conLexington, which begins next Satur-,, QUT)plying sufficient booksday the following Bourbon county , "acts oy . uppiy m t.taApeople will occupy boxes: Mr. and j immediately suit will be institutedMrs. A. B. Hancock, Mr. and Mrs. to forfeit their bonds of ?10,000.Catesby Woodford, Mr and Mrs. The principal difficulty is with aCharlton Alexander. ' seoCTaDhies, whichRev. Gilbert R. Combs, formerly company writes that it has delayedpastor of the Paris MethodisL ' ublication of m0re books to get theSTJ-rajUt-t European maps in; the pubMcClure, and other friends. Rev. (Ushers of the health reader.-who reComb's many friends here were gladplied that they had supplied 10,to extend ihe hand of welcome dur- j 0Q0 mQre copies iast year than the,ing his stay among us. school supply company estimated:Rev. F. B. Jones, Presiding El-and te publishers of Ihe speller;der of the Maysville District, M. B. I . insist that there are 79,000SLUJV Zf .rSJT. HeG' rear, undistributed copies of Ae Bpeile,Rev. Jones was house hunting witha view to making Paris his homeduring his office as Presiding Elder.Horace Miller Clay and MissMary Kenney Webber, of Pans arc ' A1?M17p TTTTW TETICKS E0Ramonir the euests being entertained EARMEKb UMiUx -U IUAsomewhere in Kentucky now.Some dealers have sent to otherStates and secured their supplies.2 o r5i t r.r, mn cherrv Lodae. on the Kentucky River, by the Larnbda LambdaFraternity of Kentucky University.The party will be in camp all thij?week.Li. S. Kiidel, vice-president ofthe National Bank of Commerce ofof -ntw -Ynrlr cit . was a recentx x? . c - "npmnp.ratic iAt a meeting ui n? or itrw linn, ij, ---County Campaign Committee Mrs-1 visitor in Paris. Mr. Kridel, whoWilliam G. Talbott was appui"" " was a guest ot Air. ana ivirs. xvamvinake charge ol the work among theDemocratic women of ihe city anacountv, and Miss Grace tiafaKiii,secretary to the Chairman of peCounty Committee. The followingvere appointed chairmen of tnenrespective county precinct campaign committees. t.,.:,Paris No. 1, D. D. Clme; PaiuKo. 2, Barnes Moreland; Paris No.3,Peale Collier; Paris No. ' 4 Juat?.eCharles A. McMillan; Pans No, 5,Oscar T. Hinton; Paris No. 6, wm.Smith; Paris No. 7, George W.Judy; Paris No. 8, William Remington; Paris No. 9, M. ?'Paris No. 10. John Cam; IlUJfburg No. 1, W. D. Mclntyre; Millerburg No. 2, D E. Clarke; Millerbburg No. 3, Reynolds jetton; lutle Rock No. 1, S. R. Bums; LittleRock No 2, Houston Crouch; LitueRock No. 3. Wm. P. Worn all.North Middk-town- No. 1. f-ODJ 'Jones- North Middletown No. i,M. Gilkey; North Middletown No.3, C. C. Hadden; Clintonville No.1, Brutus J. Clay; Clintonvnle No.X A. L. Stephenson; Hutchison No1, Jannes H. Thompson; HutchisonNo. 2, Wm. . Ardery: CentervilleNo. 1 D. C. Liele; Centerville No2, John N. ShrojMBhire; CnterviUeNo. 3, J. Quincy Ward; Jgj?Mills No. 1. '-Dr. Gorje o -"f""?Ruddles Mills TCo: 2,-v W. S- rHuddle Mills No. S, Matt Xir. -HAULING GHAINThe use of (motor trucks both onthe farm and by farmers of Bourboncounty during the past year, andeven in the past few months of thenew year, has increased 1,000 percent., according to the estimategiven recently by several well-postedBourbon men, and by dealers.With thr- continuation of road workin the county there will be an additional-increase of 200 per cent.Farmers, when they have prepared their product, especially 'grain,for the market, declare it is bothmore expedient and cheaper to sendto the city and have their cropsrnr.ved to the warehouses bv truckon ,-f vmfi hPn nictured to him than to haul it themselves by teams.before coming here. , One 'man gave an illustration. He' (Other Personals on Page 3) stated that he lived near Millers-O 5 DUTg. UIIC LfajIU io icqu.icu emu.flftv bushels is considered a goodload for a team "to draw a distance of eieht miles to Paris. Butnna iniin1 triri onnld bfi made in aVai IUM4AW ..!? ww.. ...W...Wtt T? Simms. owner or me cr;K. j Vio cairl o-nH shmilti mtti inter-colt Leonardo II, and proprietor or Uere e would be from one week toone of the largest racing establish-fj.en days getting his grain to thements on the continent, nas purchased a tract of forty-eight acresorti-ninine- the race "track on Nelsonavenue, at Sara'toga Springs, N. Y.,and will 'conduct a private trainingT-jfir and nuarters on this property.The greater part of the land wasTMimhnsfcd from the Snencer Trask'estate and lies alongside the training grounds of Major August liei-ment; The Siropis lease on the latter expires this fall andnext yearMajor Belmont will use mesecrrruinrfK fen- bis own racers. v,uu.-truction. work will be started next'moftth AVhen, c training jxac, oi, siafnrlojifs or one mile win De iaiaout. jiRevell, in Lexington, was .touringthe Bluegras? region. While nerehe paid a visit to the Xalapa Farm,and other points of interest nearParis. He declared he was greatlyimpressed with the beauty of therji,iocrvac.c vfiffion. noarticularly,Auvto"" - - . . . . , IBourbon county, whicn, he statea, jPRIVATE TRAINING TRACK TOBE BUILT FOR SIMMSten days getting his grain to thewarehouse. A truck, he estimated,will convey three wagonloads ofgraiil at one trip, and two trips canbe made in one day."There you have it," said anotherman. "Your grain is out of the way,and you nave settled for it, and theteam which would have had heavywork during: the entire time, ishusy on the farm. You have oneextra veek to spend on the farm ityou want, and one can accomplisha great deal 6f -wrork in a vweek.And your horses are saved besides:The trucks are just tbegiuninAto berecognized as, the- proper,, ana jnqstsuccessful .mode of 'transportationsave -both-time' and money."Theymoney...iM.Hjia.1ONLI F W IIHAnd Harry Simon, of Paris, Ky., Willbe No More HereThis is positively my last season here,as I have sold my building to BaldwinBrothers.ek I am moving my fixtures to my Lex-ington stare. The remainder of myfixtures will be sold as fast as I can- find customers for them.Anybody looking for show cases, counters? and all kinds of store fixtures,'just come to Harry Simon,My Store will be Closed Monday and Tuesday, Sept. 1344, account of Jewish HolidayHH p S Jr" 11 I 1 ISIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYH3Who Will Win the Base BallChampionship?We Don't Know! Do You?We do know, though, that we are giving in ourSeptember Cash Salethe BEST PRICES to be had anywhere for Furniture,Rugs, Mattings and Linolums.COLUMBIAGRAFONOLASAre the only onesthat have theNo-SetAutomatic.StopCOLUMBIARECORDSBring the World'sGreatest Artists toYour Home.WE HAVE BOTH INABUNDANCEcA gentleman and his wife looked all aroundyesterday at the goods and prices. They were.capable judges of Quality and Service andPrice. Who got the order? We did, of course.'Why? Price, Quality, Service, Dependability .took the order. We will get yours, too, if you ,wish to save money and get the best goods.DON'T MISS OURSeptember Cash SaleEor.YourCOMFORTS and BLANKETSTHEY ARE GOING FAST AND WILLHIGH THIS WINTER.THE JEITHCRPHONE 36.PARIS, KENTUCKY,MotffiSIXTH AND MAWUmfertaUta.E9fiS-V'rv....H."I Aft.".1--'4. -VV' . r- r."1 ' , 'jT t - i? r- " -:, " - j-z1 J - '., W. '"r e.4-vr.X"If- ,'....."- - i . "l V, . . " d.FAGS SIXIMMMOMM-THE :?OtJRBCWNBWSPAMS,l KENTUCKYV.WEPDAY, SKPTEHBBR14 192f.-----: I?'After thorough Trial a Detroit,Mich., Man Endorses Pe-ru-haThe following letter -writtenfrom Detroit, Michigan is no snapjudgment expressed on the meritsof Pe-ru-na, the well-known catarrh remedy,but rather a mature,sober opinion formedafter a full year's trial.This is the way Mr.Michael Fako of 906East Palmer Avenue,in the Michigan Metropolis, writes: "Afterusing PE-ETT-NA forabout one year will sayI have found it a verygood medicine for catarrh. It has helpedme a neat deal and Iam very well satisfied. I havegained in weight, eat and sleepwell, my bowels are regular anabetter color in' my face."PE-KU-NA has done wondersand to me is worth its weight ingold. I shall continue to usePE-ETJ-NA as long asI live and recommenpto my friends who aretroubled with catarrh. "Nothing can be moreconvincing than an endorsement of this nature from an actualuser. There are manypeople in every community whose experience, using Pe-ru-na,has been identical withMr. Fako's. It is the'standby for coughs,colds, catarrh, stomachand bowel disorders and all catarrhal conditions,Put up in both tablet and liquidIOrm, BOLD EVEBYWIIKRE.WILD FIRE A1TD RUST.Two seiiou? diseases of tobaccoLave recently appeared and are doing extensive damage in a large partof the Burley tobacco section. Theseare the wild fire and the angularleaf cpot or "vxhat is known to the- growers as rus-t. -At this time, noth-" Big effective can be done for thocrops, but steam steiilizing of the.beds next spring is recommended asa possible remedy and growers artadvised to select next year's seedfrom disease free fields.The tobacco wild fire first appeared in North Carolina and Virginiaabout four years ago, but never be-v fore has been reported as occurringin Kentucky. It appears as conspicuous yellow pots about "one-fourthto one-half inch in diameter andlater develops a blown spot in the' center. Several spots may join anddestioy a large section of the leaf orcompletely destroy it. It first appeared in the seed bed and did conriderable drfi-ge shoitly befoieplanting tiiie, some seed beds beingcompletely destroyed by ,it. Fromthe beds, it as carried to the fieldand the heavj rain and wind ofJuly 13 spread is widely in somefields. Probably 10 to 20 per cent,of the fields about Lexington and1he neighboring counties are effected to some extent with wild fire.The angular leaf spot or rust is' more wide spread than the wild fireand has been found in all fields pfBurley examined so. far by the department of Agronomy, College ofAgriculture, by Dr. W. D. Valleau.It begins as a small brown spotwith a very narrow yellow border.Gradually on badly infected leavesthe spot grows together, killinglarge areas of the leaves. Growersreport that this has been presentbefore, but only rarely has causedserious losses this early in the season, fBoth diseases are of bacterialorigin and spiead rapidly duringwet indy weather. Losses in sojmefields fromtone or the other or both 'of these diseases will amount tomore than 75 per cent, of the crop. 'Damages thus far, within a radius of 15 miles about Lexington ,has amounted to moie than $100,-1000. At present, the disease is not jspi ending, but with the onset of ajrainy season much more extensivedamage can be expected. IKENTUCKY BANKS MAKE BIGSTRIDES FINANCIALLYThe total- resources of the 450State banks of June 25, 3 920, whichwas the date of the last call forstatement of conditions ot banks,an-ounted to $235.56G,Gu4.28, ascompared to $235,585,571.75 April12 of 'this year. Four hundred andforty-nine State banks. had total resources amounting to $210,496,039.25 June 25, 1919.Deputy Banking CommissionerW. W. Peavyhouse has issued anappeal to the bankers to pursue,during the coming year a sane andr conservative policy in .the extensionof ci edits, the maintaining of reseives, the practice of permittingoverdrafts and in other vital principles in the operation cf the bankof the State.The State banks of Kentuckyhave made gigantic strides duringthe past eight years, and have been,he said, a great factor in the accomplishment of the wonderful developments which have come to thisState during the past decade.Thte developments aie in their infancy, and Deputy Banking Commissioner Peavyhouse says. "Inthe slow readjustment of the affairsof our country we can see nothingbut prosperity ahead, and we look tothe future with the utmost confidence in the final settlment of ourmultitudinous industrial relationships upon a firm and solid and satisfactory basis.""FREEZ0NE"Pain!QUIT TOBACCOLift Off Corns! NoTYIfwSo easy to drop Cigarette,Cigar, or Chewing habitiS Doesn't Tiuit a bit! Drop iv littleI "i'reezone" on an aching corn, in-stops hurting,Htantly that corn----- "--......, ....men shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your "druggist sells a tiny bottlero-To-Bac has helped thousands to OI f reezone lor a few centd,break the costly, nerve-shattering ,to- . &umcient to remove every hard corn,hacco habit. Whenever you have a 3WJ-L ". ur corn Dei ween me toes,just place auu -ne canuses, witnout sorenessin your or jrniacion.- longing for a smoke or ehev. j" a harmless Xo-To-Bae tabletmouth instead. A!l desire ?tops. Shortly ,the habit is completely broken, and you iare better off mentally, physically, finan- .cially. It's so easy so simple. Get a ,box of Xo-To-Bac and rf it doesn't re- jlease you from all craving for tobacco inanv form, vour drujrsrist will refund(adv-T-tf)'OLDING BED HEFUGE.(Cynthiana Democrat)There are always some humorousyour money without question. Xo-To-Bac features to even great calamities.16 made Dy ine owners 01 vjiisv.-H.ie lb,therefore is thoroughly reliable. '-oSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEW.Butter production is still heavyfor this time of year, owing to goodpasturage conditions. This factand the importations of foreignbutter have given the market a lit' tie more than can normally beconsumed, bringing about lowervalues. Values far the next fev.months probably will depend largely an the amount of butter imported,&B the production in this countryshould show a gradual decrease.Egg production, ae is usual atthis time of year, is falling off rapidly and as the demand is very good,, dealers are now drawing freely fromtheir storage stocks. These at thepresent time are lighter than forthe same period a year ago.Poultry is moving in larger volupie a,nd prices are naturally somewhat lower. There is a good demand at the present time, but withIncreased offerings, which are natural at this time of year, indications- for future market are downward.oCarnations witt stems sufficientlystrong to support their .heavy bloomswithout assistance hare been bredr 4iy Freiwlr floriculturists.The cloudburst and flood at Carlisle, was no exception. One manon rescue mission went to the homeof a maiden lady whose house wasunder water, and managed to reacha window, knocked and asked if het should take her out. "And wheredo you think I am?" came the inquiry from within. "I have noidea," he replied. "I am perched onI top of a folding bed. How is the water?" '-I think it is falling,'besaid. "Well, if its falling," said thelady, philosophically, "I'll just staywhere I apii until it goes down."And she did.WHISKYTO BE ASSESSEDBARRET, i$5Whisky will be assessed $54 thebarrel, if the tentative assessmentplaced on it by the State Tax Comjmission stands. This is an increaseof $29. Estimating the amount ofwhisky in bond at 40,000,000 gallons, th Commission expects liquorto yield the State $160,000 in revenue. Counties and cities in whichthe bonded warehouses are locatedwill receive twice as much. o .WHAT'S DOINGIN POLITICSWith the appointment of an executive committee of men and women toguide the policies of the campaign, -theDemocrats have about completed theirorganization. Chairman John L.Grayot appointed the following men:Judge Alex P. Humphrey, Louisville;Senator George B. Martin, Catlettsburg; Judge Chns. A. Hardin, Harrodsburg; Col. P. H. Callahan, Louisville; Senator Chas. M. Harrlss, Versailles; Hon. W. J. Sparks, Mt. Vernon ; TI10&. S. Rhea, Russell ville. Mrs.Samuel M. Wilson, chairman Woman'sDepartment, has appointed the following women to advise with her: Mrs.John B. Castleman, Louisville; MrA. M. Harrison, Lexington ; Mr. JohnFulton, Bardstown ; Miss Alice Lloyd,Maysville; Mrs. Sam B. Watkins, Owensboro; Mrs. Shelley Rouse, Covington, and Mrs. It. B. Phillips, Paducah.These two groups contain the leading citizens of Kentucky, and the quality of their attainments and characterwill doubtless attract the Independent as well as the Democratic voter.William Adams, Jr., adjutant of theSccphan B. Whalen Post of the American Legion, has accepted the appointment as chairman of The "Cox andRoosevelt Club in Harrison county.Mr. Adams is a member of the StateExecutive Board of the American Legion, and is one of the many formerservice men who recognize in the platform and purposes of the Democraticparty those ideals for which they weutto war.Is there any connection between sixteen dollars a ton coal and the Republican slush fund? The coal operatorwho confessed at Chicago that he hadcollected sixteen thousand dollarsfrom other coal operators to help electHarding says he was forced to makothese assessments. Are the people being assessed so much a ton of cloal tohelp elect Harding? There seems tobe distinct relation between the highprice of coal and the high price ofelections.The League of Nations isn't goodenoutrh for Warren G. Harding to subscribe to. but it's good enough for himt teal from.Here are a few of the oratoricalheavy artillery who have been enlistedby chairman of the Speakers' Bureau.Harry A McChesney, to shell tluwoods for the Democrats in this campaign : Gov. James M. Cox, FranklinD. Roosevelt, William G. McAdoo,Congressman Heflin. of Alabama : Senator J. C. W. Beckham; Senator A. O.Stanley, Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart,Miss Alice Lloyd, Mrs. A. M. Harrison,Gov. Charles A. Brough, of Arkansas; Helm Bruce, AV. W. Davies, Mrs.Geo. Bass, of Illinois; Mrs. BordenHarriman, of New York ; A. W. Barkley, D. H. Kincheloe, R. Y. Thomas,Jr., Ben Johnson, A. B. Rouse, J. Campbell Cantrlll, W. J. Fields.Mr. H. JB. Kinsolving, Jr., of Shelby-ville, is another ex-service man whonas oecome actively enlisted in thework of making Kentucky safe forDemocracy this fall. " Mr. Klusolvingwas captain of the Field Artillery during the World War and served as instructor at Camp Taylor and Fort Sill.He has perfected organizations of Coxand Roosevelt clubs in every precinctin the state. His estimate is that therewill be four thousand young men inyoung women Democratic clubs in thestate when this work gets under wav.;-lttKr2KrfJ3flSEr2BEJ3j3pPEOPLETAKENUXATEDIRONTO HELP BUILD UPTHEIR STRENGTH. ENERGYAND ENDURANCEASK YOUR DRUGGISTWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agentsNo commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mHi"5gi!g;Miimggii;:gJs;jssiJS-iiiIJiifI!It is the vital duty of all organizations to awaken women to the necessity of registering in October so thatthey will not lose their vote in November. October 5 is registration day inall cities of the first four classes inKentucky and also October 6, wherever fixed by ordinance. It is imperative that every white voter register onthese two days.There's no objection to a jman'sblowing his own horn, but it's the1 that can't ho snaw hv Jl 5?time, he selects that -makee us tired. SSL answar by mere deHARDING WORRIESREPUBLICAN PRESSLouisville, Ky., Sept. ,. Wholesouled and unrestricted support otWarren' G. Harding, the Republicancandidate for president, is proving atrying effort for many Republicannewspapers.With Senator Harding's attempt tosubstitute his ,own plan of world peacefor the League of Nations, alreadysubscribed to by twenty-nine ' of theleading nations of tbe world, the majority of Republican press finds severefault.On this point the Philadelphia Public Ledger, Republican, -predicts thatSenator Harding "will not arouse anytremendous enthusiasm in this practical nation by rallying it to take a noble stand on the rotted platform of theHague Tribunal, the most patheticfailure in history."On the same question the St. LouisGlobe-Democrat, a Republican paper,disagrees with Harding in his attemptto prove that Poland's troubles can betraced to the League of Nations. ThevLeague, It says, Is an experiment thatis entitled to every chance to makegood."Poor old Marionette" soliloquizesthe Philadelphia Record. "He lipstried to straddle on the Isue of theLeague of Nations -and is clearlydoomed to a bad fall."The Ohio State Journah Republican,asserts that vGov. Cox makes" out astrong case in hisyslush fund chargesWood Protector.A coat of Japanese lacquer when applied to wood or metal is proof againstalcohol, against boiling water, againstelmost ail known agencies.tT3!T j u m m sensf mMrnxmi'mAttention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, givenup'by all fence builders to be the best-fence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257;BIIHkhtiHAJi?S:lHHHHHEIiJ JSS3Sag3BMajSTSl$sy3flMB(ei-""-I -i.iaAnnouncement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main StreetsPleasecall at ourhear thestore andAeolian Vocation RecordsONGraduola MachinesRecords received monthly. Five hun- idred to select from.E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Solef Agents for Paris and Bourbon CountyfBl SBnbhm of SatisfactionUICrBAIt).' ."VSTURDILY built-designed forpower and dependability, possessing grace and beauty in every-linethe new Buiclc Nineteen Twenty Oneseries signally upholds the traditionsthat have made the name Buick a iiotable word in the automotive industry.Two decades have more than justified the unwavering fidelity to theaccepted engineering ideals to whichBuick stands committed. The samerugged Valve-in-Head motor refined is a distinguishing feature ofcvery-model. : xIn appearance, the Buick NineteenTwenty One series is notable forthe harmonious blending of ioygraceful body Hnesj in appointments,"for those added refinements that fomaterially increase the pleasure andcomfort of motoring.In addition to the general features- orthe new models the Buick FivcPassenger Touring Car (Twenty Or.qorty Five) possesses a roominess oftonneau and new arrangement of.seating thar afford occupants the 'utmost in riding comfort. For thebusiness man or his farnilv: for thneeds of city driving or country, driving, this model excels because cf iiscapacity for varied service.TheC. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.ty-flE BETJEK AUTOSIOBIEES ARE BUILT, BUKVijgjkD THEMr. a-rtV-t.'Sm&LidlikiJL--cJ&kJ&ikx ALk&&:,jtjfei&3JLt'--ry-'.-.'. . .,. ' .v&i38ffil-.Tjr!&,J..AK--Jfr-V. V1 V-r aAK-it v.r.S'Vv; -TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1920.THfc BOURBON NEWS, PAKIS, KENTUCKY4: ', frAGE?KVE!rr JV wjffWATCHTHE BIG 4CLUB. ACTIVITIES TO BEGET INOCTOBER.. The coming of October will witness a renewing of activity in theIciud lite or Pans, as at that-timeJ the Women's Clubs will begin theiri fall and winter programs.I At -a recent meeting- of the newlv-5ft,flic-i""o vr .organized Club, held in the ninhKeep l"e vta or&ns healthy by rooms this announcement was made-cmlarlv taking the world's stand- ' by Miss Lucy Simms; chairman of5 rpmedv for kidnev liver the community service. Miss Simjmssrd remedy ioi Kianey, liver, tated that h activities foriachKidneys-Heart-LiverGOLD MEDAL.. &Si5&W agaKiiUiiiiENflsbladder and uric acid troubles October would be cared fcr by herdepartment m a study of citizenshipjto be conducted by Dr. Frank L.;McVey, president of Kentucky Unii versity, and Dr. E. T. Tuthill, ro, fessor of history and political econiOmy at the University.The Music Department, in choosing "America In Music," -will present interesting programs, some of'which include Indian music, mountain folk songs, plantation melo' cies, pnen in American music, women in American music, Americanoperas and oratorios, and a Mc-STATE GAME LAWS HAVE BEEN Dowell group. The Art DepartmentCHANGED is choosing "America In Art." Thestudies will include interior deco-3.- a county hunters will be rating, American pottery, American, v .to know that the last ses- painters, Kentucky artists rfnd their'on of tLe State Legislature chang- work, and a visit from Dixie SeJ-me laws, especially reiat- aen. Lraraening will be ciassea wiwiTie Ka:cnal Remedy of Holland forcenturies and endorsedby Queen Wilhel-jjn'a. .:-i a'1 druggists, three sizes'.Ik for lie name UOld Mocalon rry boxtad except no xmucuoaUotMOTOIWI GIVES ,, FACTS TO PUBLICSuffered For Ten YeaTS And WasAbout To Give Up When HeBegan Taking Tanlacs:el1""' 'hurlK?day.Tilt -tercberv time of hunting doves this department, and lantern slides,rels The open 'season for helpful for landscape gardening, willdoves is from September 1 be a feature. The Literary Departed 16, and fifteen doves is ment is planning a series of lectures? may be killed in any one and programs of current evenls.olirrel season is from Sep- According to a French scientist; to December 16. The wj10 made tests, it is the lash of aquail season remains the same, from Avllip which strikes a horse the most.Koveirr xo to ja.uua.iy jl, uui umy severely, not the snapper on tne end.t;VPi ' rl.aii may ue Milieu iu anj3i.e day. Fines upon conviction lorviolating" any provisions of the newlav range from $15 to $50.Catarrh Can Be CuredCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofihe System. HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE destroys- the foundation ofie disease, gives the patient strength byimproving the general health and assistsjature in doing its work.All Druggists, circulars tree.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.(adv-sept)BRIGHTEREVENINGS-aj-m(mg&IiF'Scientists experimenting in Borneo have estimated that about 4,000 pounds of sugar could be produced annually from the ?ap of anacre of nipa palm trees.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOB. SHERIFF.I hereby .announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, IS 21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J.-O. MARSHALL.H. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your -support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies."Tanlac has done trie work fo.me that nothing else could.' declared Leizerin S. Sherman, of 728Oak HiL', Youngstown, Ohio.' "For ten years," said Mr. Sherman, "I suffered with my -nervesand a bad case of stomach trouble.My appetite was very poor .andAvhat little I did eat soured and thepain was so awful that it almostdoubled me up. I had weak spellsand at times becajme dizzy. I couldhardly sleep at night, and I felt somiserable that I lost time from myrun all along. I tried all sorts ofmedicines, but kept going down hilluntii I thought I would have to quitwork entirely."My first bottle of Tanlac did meso much good that I just kept ontaking it until now I am a well man.My appetite is fine. I am picking upin weight and . there never was atime, that my stomach was in better shape. I don't know what it isto be nervous any more and I sleepsound all night long. My wife wasalso in a nervous, run-down condition, and after taking several bottles, she is now enjoying the bestof health and feeling fine again."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)BfrmiMMimiftflPICKING A TETCHING FORCEJust HistoryLi '76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy" Coal Oil light.And later on.How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Eut the girl of to-davWho wants her home .bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)FOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic 'primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic voters:of Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.It is a hardto find suitable applicants, un-LFOR DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection' withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.ii"Willi sixgs.r scarceand. costly, more andszim nax-beiiiQ slb-awn Inmore liiteresturallvthat self-sweetened?44pV . TkT. 4&inialihs reaav-o-ea.r cere;food is abuiTLdaatJy sup" '.'od with, suger, developin the process of maldng.rosi the cnoicesfcparts cf wheat andmaiied barle.FlSWOTi'eUs:.:'&zMacLe iyPostum Cereal Company; Inc.Battle Creek,, MicK.i1""tftttttjP7Uro Cl CorrrcrvwCtt.v. . 'Tin): ".-?D. CCONOMy&Superintendents of schools archaving a busy time .nowadays.Many teachers are resigning to takejobs in business officesjobder present conditions.The old time horse trader usedoften to be fooled on a horse, butprobably, not so many tipies asschool authorities are disappointedin their iaachcrs. Many a' quietgirl who does not look as if shewould amount to much, yet has areserve force that establishes herauthority. And some girls who havestyle and fine manners, and whomight be charming women 'in othercircumstances, yet lack those solidqualities of patience and affectionfor children that are esential ingood teaching.NATIONWIDE PLEA TO JEWSMr. Albert Rosenblatt, of NewYork, Chairman ot the BuildingComimittee, announces that on theGcca&ion of the Jewish New Year,which begins on Sunday evening,September 12, a countrywide appealfor material support is being madeto the Jews of America by the Hebrew Sheltering and Immigrant AidSociety of America with headquarters at 229 East Broadway, Philadelphia, San Francisco and Seattle.Since January of this year a commission, sent by the Society, hasbeen abroad for the purpose ofbringing about the reunion of Jewish families that have oeen separated by the war. Over fifty thousand residents of this country registered with the Society, their request with the Soqiety to have theirfamilies located and guided andprotected on their journey to thiscountry. All these residents arewell-to-do citizens and are in a position to take care of the dear ones,either wives and children or parents'. Within the past few monthsthousands of Jewish refugees havearrived in the United States.Mr. Harry Fischel, Treasurer andChairman of the Building Committee, stated that in order to meet theextraordinary demands that are being made upon the Society, the former Aster Library Building, at 425437 Lafayette street, New York, hasbeen purchased and is now being remodelled into- the Society's newhome. When opened, it will be thenational center for Jewish immigrant aid activities through whichJewish immigrants will be guided,protected and Americanized.The work of the Society has theapproval and endorsement of theDepartments of State and o Laborin Washington and the active co-operationof the leaders of AmericanJews such as Jacob H. Schiff, orNew York and Julius Rosenwald, ofChicago. It has, too the support ofeighteen hundred National Directors, leaders of Jewish communiitiesin six hundred cities.OHING E0ADS IS BUT A MAKESHIFT.&a - ..-.. --"iir sir5iiCost of. permanent work on highways is proving so great this year,that some Slates are setting asidotheir plans for concrete and macadam work. They will substituteoiling, as a temporary makeshift.This is a disappointing outcome.It shows the folly of the people who.opposed good roads work at a timewhen it could have been clone torhalf the money.You can't make a'hard road simply by turning oh onto dust. Andyou don't repair macadam worn fullof holes, simply by oiling it. But ifa road is made of fairly good material, a good oil may Jiold it together: All supplies of oil used inKKentuckV should be carefully testedMBrighten Your HomeWith New FurnitureWe are, approaching the dull dark days of the year, make your home brightand cheerful with new furniture. It is-surprising what a few pieces of furniturewill do for a home. Perhaps you need a new davenport, a new rocker, or bed.Drop in and let us show you how we can save you money on the finest furnishings.A Rocker and ChairA Bed BargainYou cannot fully appreciate these two period piecesuntil you see them. They are beautifully finished ineither Mahogany or American Walnut. Upholstered infigured tapes'try or velour. Theyt are well worth imme-,diate inspection at 20. DISCOUNT.Here's a bargain for you in abrass bed. Has large, heavyposts and big caps. Brass hasa beautiful ribbon finish, Amassive bed,' very attractiveand comfortable that shouldbe in your home.Gas and Coal StoveA Beautiful Suite at a SavingWIHHflHHHHIHIHIHIilHilHHIJHHfllHHfThere is no denying the value ' A Suite of. beauty that will enhance the appearance ofin this range, which we are any home. Consists of four pieces a bed, dresser,offering at 20 Discount dur-" chifforobe and dressing table. We recommend this suiteing this month.1Put This Suite in Your Dining RoomThere's no denying the beauty and distinction of this suiteit speaks for itself. Made of American Walnut withdarker panels on the buffet and server. Throughout thegrain is of unusual beauty and perfectly matched. Tenpieces, a table, buffet, server, china cabinet, one armi chair and five plain chairs.for pure value.Here's Quality and ValuerniTMiiinTiA Comfy Couch1 "" rfTTnTOTlnJU Itti n ir Jub B II LHI Era rl CG r apJK 9 MHHBIbStart the baby right by usingone of our beds to tuck him insnug and warm. A discountof 20 per cent, during thismonth.20 Per Cent.Try Trading at Wheeler'sDiscount-You'll Like ItAWHEELER & CO.Chas. Green, ManagerOpp. Court HouseMfflMWMWW"DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.gpiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiwWilliam K. Hagan (t,onAR.cmTECT.y O- Engineer.TULST NATIONAL BANKPA&iy. Ky.5iiiiii;iii;i;iiii!iiii!iiiiiiii:iiiJiii;.niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimBourbon Feed Mfg.L. D. lUITCHELL' Successor to Perry, McCann & MitchellCo.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hajr or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew Hie, rigor, 1 brightness, morcolor and .thickness. : T :HAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of theMines..&M, mip mqm -IWrl.. fir.1'''J-V":k ar -.:"S. rJTtis&&Z,'-fb&7,2 jlI .-t. y'-JZ.fj :-.- . .toosee -if they nave gooa domainsqualities., " - '" " f v ,is-?'.A ":o' i l .K&':-?ciiAxr- ----13 --.;-. JPAGE EIGHTTHE JBOURBON NEWS,r PAR& KEfcTfJCKXTlWfcAY, sbptcmhr.Kjigir,ttIVMILLERSBURGSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Miss Minnie Rule left Wednesday for a two-weeks' visit to friendsin Indianapolis, Ind.The M. C. will open Thursday.The outlook is jrood. The students-.will begin to arrive Wednesday.Mr, and Mrs. P. L. Wimmett attended the funeral of his sister, MissAnna Di nmett, at Maysville, Saturday. The Millersburg Graded School'opened Monday with a good enrollment. See nnxt issue for furtherparticulars.The Master Mason Degree wasconferred on Rev. R. K. White, oftlie Baptist church, in Amity LodgeNo. 40, P. & A. M., Monday evening. The woik was done by Mr. A.C. Ball, W. M.The M M. I. will open Monday,September 20, in te City Hall. Maj.Nelson was busy Satuiday takingimeasures for suits and overcoats forthe Cadets. He left Monday for Cincinnati, where he will place his order for the same.The following are among thenumber who are attending the StatePair at Louisville from Mijlersburg:Col. and Mrs. A. T. Maffott anddaughtei, Miss Alberta Maffott, Mi,and Mrs. P. L. Dimmett, G. E.Reynolds, E. .M. Thomasoii and A. SMillerTHE SICK S. M. Allen is im-Robert E. Moreland, of Louisville,known as one of the best judges ofhoresflesh in the State, purchasedrecently of Henry S. Caywood, ofNorth Middletown, a very promisinggreen four - year - old saddlemare, for $1,500. The nraieis a most promising individual amiwill imake a good show mare underMr. Moreland's training.Henry S. Caywood," of North Mid'dletown, shipped to Louisville, Fridar, eighteen head of fine black cattle, which will be shown at theKentucky State Fair. The cattleweighed an average of 1,516 pounds,and were in the very best of condition. Other Bourbon county stockmen will make shipments to Louisville this week, for exhibition at theState Fair.A bunch of fine cattle said bycomp?tent judges to -have been, thafinest lot ever shipped from Paris,the property of Henry S. Caywood.Robert Jones and Chas. C Clarke,all of the North Middletown precinct, went forward Friday nihtto Louisville, destined for exhibitionat the State Fair this week. Theshipment was in chaige of Mr.Jones, and comprised iir'.een neaciof two-year-old- Polled Angus cattle,pveraging 1,500 pounds, twentyfive white-faced yearling heifers.i one load of roan Shorthorn feeders,., ..,-:t-. -n ,rnlv T . T Tiilir imnrnvpft IV,u,,,6 v?f -- "" ,!,-. o fi11B1rh lnnrf nf pvtm. fflllfiVu ' lcinincnTi ic anu a. juvi" .ivn -" --slowly. Squire F.able to be about the house; M. M.Bowles is Fomewr-at improved; WM. Brown continue.- about the same;Mesdame Fannie Norton, ClaraShanks and Anna Darnall are verynuoh the same.oA comnanv has been formed inlAustralia to manufacture the motorfuel known as natalite in Papua,where plans and trees luive beenfound that yield 73 gallons ot alco- jTiol per ton.oAt the present rale, 200 years willhe needed to finish mapping theworld. But this may be reduced totwenty years, if the airplane inbrought into service.Italy claims to rank next to the'United States in the production ofmotion pictures, its 82 companiesturning out about 64,000,000 metersof films annually.fancv Herefords, averaging 1,500pounds. At the State Fair latyear Mr. Caywood won $1,500 inpremiums on his cattle, and afterward sold them for ?20 per hundred. oDEATHS.THOMPSON.Mrs. Birdella Howard Thompson, aged twenty-seven, died at herhome in Lebanon, Ohio, recently.Her husband is manager of the Lebanon electric light plant. Mrs.ThompsC 4s related to J. H. Howard and Miss Katie Howard, ofParis, both of whom attended thefuneral and burial, which took placeat Lebanon.. oIf a man is big and fat and able tokeep his mouth shut he can bluffalmost any one.I II 1I Q J1 II Ili II -'I I14 II1 I Lr1 It w 1 1h y 1Hi u .J at hePhonographsand RecorSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! NO CHANGE!DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M. E. PRUITT5MiiIersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.i!Off To SchoolBut to Wolf, Wile-& Co's FirstWith school opening, there comes the problem ofnew clothes for children. But this is not a hardproblem if you bring them to this store to be clothed.for right now stocks are brimful with everythingin-the way of children's apparel; garments withstyle, correctness of design, and distinction of models. You'll find every item better made and a money saver.GIB'S GOAT SPECIALISTSAteMOIANDII (OPERA HOUSTjM I IvJWrnrnlLJ2:00 to 5j3007:00 to 1 0:30TODAY, TUESDAYBENJAMIN B. HAMPTONPRESENTS"The Sapbrusher"- From the novel by Emerson Hough.Roy Stewart, peerless portrayer-ofWestern cowboy roles, doffs his 'wild andwoolly garb to be a. real romantic hero in1 'The Sagebrusher. ' ' As the doctor tryingio restore the sight of the blind heroine hecontributes many pathetic touches to thispowerful drama of love and faith. ,Also WILLIAM DUNCANin "The Silent Avenger"arsd Prizma Color PScfcoretomorrow, WednesdayX Warren KerriganIN"The Joyous Liar"And he tells them fast and furious.ALSOJOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers77arid "Topics of the Day"Thursday, Sept. 16thMabel Normandin "THE SLIM PRINCESS"The Oriental boys liked their erirtaLplump. They didn't care for slim ones. JHow did Mabel jNormand go about it toput on weight? See "The Slim Princess"and en jo the comedy delight of the season.Also Flanagan and Edwardsin "THE ROAD TO RUIN"And Chester Guts rig Travel PictureAdults 27 nliis 3c war tax. . . 3ftnIgSSIOn Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningMATRIMONIAL.Marriage licenses were grantedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Peaice Paton to Dora Wagoner, 19, and Miss Mamie V. Johnson, IS, and William Henry Hall,22, and Miss Beitha Ritchie, 17, allof the Austcrlitz vicinity.RICE COURTNEYLeslie Courtney, 28, farmer,and Miss Elizabeth Rice, 18, bothqf Doneraile, Scott county, securedmarriage license here and were married S'hoitJy after by County JudgeGeorge Batterton, in his privateoffice in the court house.G OSSETT FLOREIS CEManuel Florence, 21, and MollieGosett, 21, both of Cynthiana, secured marriage license Irere, andwere mairied at the hopne of the officiating minister, Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor" of the Paris Methodistchurch. The young couple returnedto Cynthiana where they a ill residein the future.STIVERS ARMSTRONGFriends jn this city of MissMattie Stivers, formerly of Paris,were surpiised to hear of her marlia v. Prescott, Arizona, Friday.to ?lr. Ernest Joseph -Armstrong, ofFlint. Michigan. The bride is a !daughter of Mr. and Mrs. ShermanStiveis, of Lexington and Parte.Mis. Stivers, in company with Mrs.William Piper, went as far as Cincinnati, Tuesday, with her daughter. Mrs. Armstrong is a graduate ofthe Palis High School, and madeher home in this city prioi to moving to Lexington to reside. She wasa member oi me graduating cici.of 1909 at the University of Kentucky. She is accomplished andtalented, active in church vork, andwill be greatly missed by her coworkers. Mr. Armstrong is the son of Mrs.Margaret Anmstrong, of Flint,Mich., and has been engaged in theautomobile business in Flint and Detroit, Mich. He is at present in thefurniture business in Prescott, Arizona. After a brief wedding tourMr. and Mrs. Armstrong will be "athome" to theii friends at 238 MarinaL-lreet.ALWAYS A WAY AKOTJliprOscar Ilaase, whose name may notbe familiar to you now. but whowrites music which will tome daymake him famous, is just back inNew York from a vacation m themountains of Vermont. For severaldays he was a guest at the bungalow of a Boston onan who is a humorist. When the dry law went in,the man from Boston bought the fittings of a well-known buffet bar,,shipped them to Vermont, and installed them, intact, in the butlerspantry1 of his bungalow. The bungalow is squatted squarely on theCanadian boundry line. In ihe living loom is a sign which reads:"We Are Law-Abiding Citizens andThis Is a Prohibition Country. TYou Are Dry, Step Into the Butler'sPantry It's In Canada."GET INFORMATIONMosquitoesand RatsSchool SuppliesiHow To GetRid of ThemWe have the gcods. Something entirely- different fromwhat you have beeruusing.Give us a call.The Hessian fly does thousands of Idollars, damage annually to the.'wheat crop of Kentucky. Write theExperiment Station, at Lexington, jfor date of sowing for your locality.This may save your crop and pre- jvent a wide-spread of this insect to jyour neighboring fields. ;o-VARDEN & SONWe are ready for school openingwith a complete line of suppliesfor the children and cany everything except school hooks. look'over this list and see if there isn'tsomething yon need:Book Satchels;Rnbher Erasers, Euleis;Wax Crayons;Colored Chalk;Pencils;Bex Paints, Inks;Pencil Sharpeners, Paints;Tahlets, Composition Books;Pen Holders, Pen Points;Fountain Pens, Ink Pads;Rubber Type;Book Straps, etc.Pleasures are the commas used topunctuate life's sad story. fPrescription Druggists "THE REXALL STOREiBoth Phones ) Paris, Ky.J1PEOPLES' PHAEMACYPhones 60. Paris, Sy.ffillThats what we call ourselves. We sellcoats of the better kind. Very exceptionalvalues.CHILDREN'S SWEATERS! ini11IOf select woolen yarns, fashioned in thevery newest models and made to stand thehard school wear,CHILDREN'S DRESSESSister's life wouldn't be complete . withoutthese new Fall dresses for girls. "JlCHILDREN'SThey'll tuck a lot of learning under them.An individual collection of smart headwearfor school girls in the new Fall colors.Wolf, wile e.Lexington, KentuckyCo.XIIZ1IX!IXH1XHUFFMAN MASTIN.The s announcement of theirmarriage, which took place in thiscity on July 21, 1919, was madepublic Saturday by Mr. and Mrs.Rankin Mastin, of this city. Thebride, before she became Mrs Mastin, was Mif-s Edna Hufiman, ofCovington, formerly ' a resident otParis. Her parents, Mr. and Mrs. IW. J. Huffman, moved from Paris 1to Covington some years ago. Mr.Huffman was, during his residencehere, in the employ of - the ParisGas & Electric Co., and was wellkncwli to t-he people of this city.The ceremony was performed byCounty Judge George Balterton, inhis private office in the court house,the attending witnesses being Mr.and Mrs. Jack Owsley, of Paris.There was no parental objections oneither side to the marriage, but theyoung couple desired to avoid thepublicity and other frills incident toa public wedding, being satisfiedthat no others were so vitally interested as themselves. They kept theirsecret well, as evidenced by, the factlhat the rirst intimation came in theshape of the announcement made inthe last issue of THE NEWS.The biide is one of the handsopnest and most chanming young women in the State, and has a largecircle of friends and acquaintancesin. this and other cities of the Bluegrass, who unite in wishing her lifelong happiness. She is a sister ofMr. Clyde Huffman, of e R. P.Walsh clothing store. Mr. Mastin isa son of Mr. and Mis. John Mastin,his father being the Bourbon representative of the Standard' Oil Co.Mr. Mastin. is connected , with theMerchants' Delivery Service; in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Mastin have takenrooms at the home of Mr. and Mrs.John R. Owens, and Mr. '.and Mrs.Jack Owsley, on Ferguson street.At an informal gathering ot friendsat their' new home Sunday eveningthe newly-weds were presented with ia number of handsome anduseful presents, among .them Beinga nujmbe,r that will be bf .special'value in the household in' the yearsto come. . ,.FurtherReductiolrFinal Clean-Up Sale!Come here this week and . you'll buy thegreatest shoe values of the year.Numerous odds and ends will be clearedout in this sale at almostONE-HALF PRICE" P ty-J$&LADIES' 8.00 AND $9.00 GRADESREDUCED TO$4.95Fine Glazed Kid Pumps, Lace Oxfords,high and low English heels, tan and blackkid, now $4.95. "LADIES' $7.00 AND $8.00 GRADESREDUCED TOS3.95Buy a pair now! These are wonderfulvalues. Oxfords and Pumps in glazed kidleathers, plain toes and tips, now 3.95.LADIES' WHITE FOOTWEAR BARGAINSLadies' $2.50 and 3.00 English Lace Oxfordsand Pumps reduced to$1.99Ladies' $3.50 White Oxfords and Pumps,high and low heels, reduced io$2.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal English Shoes,S8.00 values,, reduced to$5.85A big lot of Men's Shoes and Oxfords,styles, values to $8.00. reduced toall$4.95IT PAYS TO BUY AT THIS STOREDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty jukl Economy Rcif ni.- i. ,v&t