&tfX4v- IV Vkt. -'V - - - --.j - -Tfc hiT .--. - ' r ?-; lw.THE4rNEWS" ' i a :i v-rtf' , ' - &MJ;.. - . j .r-ar-l ar ,. jorMrC'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.,:i: t7t.vVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1920a LwXBOURBONTA. R. JOHNS SUICIDES BY HANG- AUCTIONEERS' REPORTS OF RE-ING SELF.CENT PUBLIC SALESterday at the hospital.Mr. Johns lost his mindA. R Johns, former prominent. Auctioneer George D. SpeakesmLPL of thenutted to the Eastern State Hospital public sale of livestock and cropsat Lexington a month ago from i belonging to H. L. Hill, conductedBourbon county, hunir himself ves- fi,.. ..,.,,. .. v ,n -r.-j-' - . wjii luc uiciiu&ca. uii Lilt; y,;lmh Kinsrfi pike near Paris:.from I Cows snlrl fnr 1 1 ( tn Min nm eif faid.' Vhen?e wasfhead; one pair aged workhorsescommtted,-as he kept at work prac-i brought $185; corn in crib, $8.90tically night and day. He was about a barrel; corn in shock, $1.80 to45 years old. $2.35 a shock; chickens sold foriu.i. juuus juaae a rope out orstrings of iiis bedding, which he toreup and hanged himself frojm thewire netting covering his window.He was dead when found. The newsof Mr. John's death was communicated to County 'Judge Geo. Batterton in a telephone message from theHospital, giving practically thesame details as told above.Mr. Johns came to Paris from theSouth several years agochased the photographic studio thenoperated by C. P. Norman, which hesuccessfully conducted until hismental trouble came upon him afew months ago. He had told several of his most intimate friendsthat he was a native of this country,though his parents were Cubans.He had spent several years in Cuba,and was conversant with the Spanish language, as well as othertongues. He was an artist with thecamera, his work being of the veryliighest order of photographic excellence. He made friends in Parisrapidly, and to those who knew himwell, he was a genial companion.The story of his misfortunes in thelast days of his business career inParis is a familiar one to our people. The body will be brought to Paristo-day and will be interred in theParis Cemetery, with services conlucted at the grave by BourbonLodge, I. O. O. P., at three o'clockthis afternoon.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSI BOURBON POST AMERICAN LEGION HOLDS MEMORIALSERVICE.BATE OF REDMON & McBUPEYPUBLIC SALE CHANGED.The date of the public sale oflivestock, farm implepnents. crop,etc., of Redmon & McDuffy, hasbeen changed from the 18 th to the28th of February. Read over thelist in the advertisement in anothercolumn. Don't'" forget the date,February 26, at 10 o'clock. (td)o - - t- " 1JEAR EAST RELIEF." The drive, for the Armenians andother Near East Relief sufferers isstill on in Bourbon county.There have been many generousdonations to this fund, and yet thereare numbers of people who have notdonated anything. There are nooubt some who wish to contributesomething to these starving anddying peaple and have -not beencalled upon by a solicitor. Asmany &omes have had sickness andno telephone connections, csend contributions to Miss Mary Spears, whois county treasurer.$1.20 to $1.65 each; householdgoods and farming implementsbrought good prices.Auctioneer Speakes who conducted the public sale 'Friday on thepremises near Hutchison, of thelivestock, crop, etc., belonging toJames Willmott, jmakes the following report:Sows sold at from $35 to $45,sows and nics broueht SS5 to S50.and PUr-'ohnntR SIR n TiPnri onwc 50fC in ?1irtll.. . . .., .. fwu wu v--"ahead, heifers $35 to $50, horses$65 to $150, one 3-year-old mule$305, coming 4-year-old mules$185 to $225, one suckling mule$137.50, sheep $12 to $17 a head;baled hay brought $34.50 a .ton,seed corn $4.50 to $5 a bushel, cornin crib $9 to $10 a barrel, damagedI corn $5 a barrel, and chickens from$1.25 to $2 each. Farpn implementsand household furniture sold well.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney jmakesthe following report of the publicsale of livestock and farming implements belonging, to Thomason &Burris, -which he conducted Saturday on the farm of Mrs. C. M. Clay,near Paris: Mules, from $140 to$165 a head; yearling cattle, $55per head; long yearlings, $65 perhead; calves $37.50 a heajd; 200mountain sheep, $17.80 per head;farming implements sold well.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney conducted the public sale yesterday onthe premises near Paris, of the following livestock, etc., belonging toGeo. W. Allison: Horses, $45 to$125 per head; cows, $67 to $-101.50per head, heifer .calves, $18.50;steer calves, $25 per head; corn, $7per shock; farming implements andhousehold effects sold well.Auctioneer George D. Speakes conducted the public sale Saturday ofthe livestock, crop and farming implements belonging-to J. P. Rogers,at Blue Lick Springs, in Nicholascounty. Despite the inclementweather, there was a good attendance and nearly everything offeredbrought good prices.Thos. Kiser sold to .James R.Clough, Friday, a four-rocjm -houseon Maysville street, at a privateprice.Win. Howard, of Carlisle, for-imerly of Paris, sold to Mr. and Mrs.C. U. Bramblette, of Carlisle, theung . brick business house in Carlisle, for $3,500.John Richards, of White Addition,sold yesterday to Thos. Dillon, hisfour-acre tract of land, on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, for a pricenot given out for publication.With figures from several solicitors not renorted. the meetiTirr nf sn-With impressive ceremonies, in licitors and campaign managers forthe presence of a crowd that filled ln& IMassie Memorial Hospital Fund,the Grand Opera House to its ca- nel at the Peoples-Deposit Bank,pacity Sunday afternoon, the memo- Saturday night, developed the factrial services for the "boys" of Bour- J that the fund had reached a little:bon county, whose lives went out on ! over the half-way mark, and wasthe battle field and in army hospi- still "going strong," to use a homelyials, was held, under the auspices of Phrase. Several good-3ized subscripBourbon. Post, American Legion, at ', nons were reported by the solicitors.3:30 o'clock. ajmong.them one for $2,500. Weath-.iteiatives of the dead men occum- tr conditions have hampered the so-jed places pf vantage in a special i licitors in a large degree, but inbeciion oi tne house, reserved .fnr spite oi tnat tnev have been makine-them. The service opened with the. vigorous campaign, with the sloplaying of the national airs by theiean "The Hospital needs the monorchestra, followed by singing of j ey.M Every argument that could be"America," by the entire audience, thought of to further the interest ofstanding. Dr. J. A. Orr, Comjmand- the Hospital, has been put to use byant or Bourbon Post, presented the the campaign committees, and theT4ie Paris Realty Co. sold yesterday for Mrs. Horace Melton herfour-room cottage, on Parrish avenue, to Claude Ballard, for $1,800.Mr. and Mrs. Ballard will ccupy theproperty as a home.Harris & Speakes sold to C. H..Goodwin, for Mrs. C. O. Hinton, afive-room cottage on Pleasant street,near Twelfth, for a private price.Mr. Goodman is L. & N. ticket agentat this point.The Paris Realty Co. sold yesterdey for J. W. Carr his suburbantract of five and one-half acres, located on the Bethlehem pike, nearParis, to John Rhorer, of Paris, forS 5,500. Possession will be given onMarch 1.Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldpublicly in front of the court housedoor in Winchester, Thursday, theW. A. Gay farm of 117 acres, threeand one-half miles from Winchesteron the Mt. Sterling pike, to BellBros., for $250 an acre.ftTHE HOSPITAL FUND.diplomas from the French Government. Rev. C. R. Grear, pastor ofrihe Methodist chinch, read selections trom the Scriptures, afterwhich prayer was offered by ReVvArthur Fox, pastor of the ParisBaptist church. A quartet composedof Charles B. Mitchell, Clay Sutherland, A. L. Boatrig'ht and HarryKei slake, rendered as a special feature, the hymn, "Lead, Kindly !Light," and "Lest We Forget," fromKinliner's "Recessional." Rev. T sSmylie. pastor of the Paris Preshv- fer a favor by loaninsolicitors have had argujments oftheir own in convincing the peoplethat the Massie Mepnorial Hospitalneeds the money and that theyought to give freely of their means.The campaign is still on, and noone is barred from contributing.oATOBACCO MARKETS....,ZAThe market closed for the wfcwith the sale held Friday, wheathrmarket showed a better tone, eon-'sidering the large amount of common grades on the floors. The swl!opened at the Paris House No. 1, ofthe Independent Warehouse, wkM.a total of 140,255 pounds of tofrac-,-cowas disposed of for a money Talueof $43,Q44.57, a floor average of$30.69.The Bourbon House held a .blocksale, selling a total of 195,350pounds of tobacco for $62,782.67, anaverage $32.13. At the concluafomof the sale the market wascloeedout of respect to Charles C. Clarke,president of the Independent House,whose son, Claude Hedges Clarke,died of pneumonia. ,o 1 smA TAILORING DEPARTMENTitSTAGE COACH PICTURE WANTEDThat would do credit to a city of100,000. The finest of English,woolens, tailored in our own. work-of an , shops. Spring showing now ready..J. W. DAVIS & 00""'ONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions cf 25 onall furniture -and everythingelse in our store in order tomake room for Spring goods.E. M. WHEELERRobneel Building.(febl3-4t)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSiiI:1 -MI! !SPRINGSHOWING.MKJ'Polo Coats'SuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChfntz and Gingham Wash DressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogs ..'-''.Silk, Georgette and Crepe de Chene' Waists ." Hand Made Voile and Batiste .WaistsThe Paris Realty Company soldSaturday for Ola Snapp his cottageon Winchester street, to A. D. AsTicraft, foi $2,500. The same firmsold Saturday for W. G. Burden histwo-story residence, at Twelfthstreet, to Dave Butler, for $4,000.Through the Paris Realty Co.,John M. Brennan sold recently to I.J. Jordan, the DeJarnett farm containing fifty-nine acres, located onthe Lexington pike, near KenneyStation for $20,000. Mr. Jordanwill be given possession on March 1,at whic-h time he will move to theplace to reside.i1 aClifton Dalzell, who owns -tieJohn Sauer farm, on the Maysvillepike, near"Paris, purchased last weekof J. B. Caywood, Superintendent ofthe County Schools, fifty acres ofland located on the Ruddles Millspike, for $250 an acre. The placeadjoins the Dalzell land. Possessionwill be given in March.The two-story brick businesshouse on Main street, between Sixthand Seventh, at present occupied byGeorge McWilliams, was sold at private salo Friday through the ParisRealty Co. to Mrs. Katie Bryan!and Miss Janie Cain, pf Little Rock,mor $4,000. The property belonged! to H. Shanker, of Erlanger, formerlyof Paris, who occupied it as. a sbbejijlg neareSi kin as' soon as this hasterian church, delivered an addresson" "The Diplomas and What TheyMean." 'The principal address of theafternoon was delivered by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, who spoke on the subject, "A Tribute to Our DeadHeroes." The audience sang, "TheStar Spangled Banner." The benediction pronounced by Rev. FatherThos. Qoleman, pastor of the Churchof the Annunciation, closed the program.In the bestowal of these Frenchmemorial certificates of honor andesteem, France pays homage to theAmerican dead in the late war. Thecertificates are beautiful products ofthe engraver's art. " Each bears agroup figure placed on a cenotaph.The principal figure in the groupsymbolizes the soul and spirit ofthe American army.. The sword isnot in the scabbard, but ready atany moment to defend the weak andoppressed, who are symbolized by agroup at te left, a mother holding,a babe to her breast. At the rightthe figure of a man chained andshackled symbolizes the conqueredspirit of evil. Also at the rightstands "Glory" crowning the spiritof America, who rejoices with thewar veterans. Universal fame isrepresented by a winged figure. TheAmerican eagle is poised on a staffof peace. The whole is framed in abordei of oak leaves. The cenotaph bears the signature of Raymond Poincaire, President of Franceand a (message, -'To the memory of(name) of the United States ofAmerica, who died for liberty during the reat war, the homage ofFrance." Above the group figure isa -quotation from Victor Hugo, "Thepeoples should some to pray at thegraves .of those .who died for theircountry."Owing to the fact that several ofthe names on the certificates hadbeen misspelled, they were not presented Sunday, but laid aside to becorrected, and will be presented toJ Store during his residence here,.0. S. Smoot sold to T. H. Berry, ofMillersburg, a small farm of twentyacres, located near Jackstown, for$5,000. The E. M. Mattox farm,containing 46 acres, three milesfrom Millersburg, on the SummittStation pike, was sold recently" toJames G. Allison, for ?400 an acre.Mr. Allison recently sold, a farmnear Paris for a goodly ' sum. Healso purchased the Feeback suburban home near Carlisle for $7,000,nd will move to it about March 1.ENVIABLE RECORD OE PEOPLE'S BUILDING & LOANbeen done. The names of Bourbon'stwenty-two who made the supregnesacrifice, and whose kin received tneFrench certifi (Sates Sunday afternoon are as follows: 1, CharlesAdair; 2, Bishop Batterton; 3, JohnBlvthe; 4 Charles' G. Butler; 5. .Jas.E.Cain; 6, Miller Casey; 7 JosephH. Holt; 8, James Mahorney; 9,Kelley B. Osborne; 10, James Weaver Neal; 11, Strother Prewitt; 12,Robert Rice; 13, Luther CarlShanks; 14, William Vice; 15, HarryChinn; 16, Harry H. Cunnigham;17. Elgin Dalzell; 18, Clennie Diin-niiran: t9: James Fuller; 20, Reu-iben B. Hutchcraft, Jr.; 21. Raymond Leslie Link; 22, William Allen Huddleston. ;J ' :i lain .and Fancy Skirts&:FRANK & msADIES'GtJTFITTERSi. j.f -- .".. '.s&aijtef . JOn March 6, the People's Buildingand Loan Association will end theirsixth year of continuous business.During this time we have paid ourstockholders an average annual dividend of better than 7 per cent, andmuch to the surprise of all connected with the -management of this Association, we have outgrown allother similar organizations in thiscity. We believe that our slogan."Keep the dollar moving," has beenresponsible for this excellent showing. We invite you to investigateour plan and ask that you let ushelp you make your dollar earnmost. New series opens March 6.Office at People's Deposit Bankand Trust Company.G. W. WILDER, President..F. W. GALLOWAY, Sect.Anyone having a pictureold-fashioned stage coach, will con-it to THENEWSn'EKIVOLETY GIRLS . HGURE JMMILLERSBURG MILITARY IN-i AUTO SMASHUP.STTTTTTT?. m"P."KTC TTTTJ OK Iu NAJJAlkJ 1 1 1 f Alt ; -m .. t e 1 ll-n ! fl!X2.v uui meiiiuers ol me v rivuiitieo,of 1920" theatrical company, whichplayed in Paris, Saturday night, narrowly escaped injury when the. automobile ill which they were returning to Lexington, skidded acrossthe road, and was overturned at a,point on the Lexington pike, at theintersection of that pike with theBethlehem pike.. The jmachine, which was drivenby a Paris chauffeur, skidded acrossthe rails, of the interurban linwhen approaching the McGinnisgrocery, and was thrown into'Hheditch at the side of the road, thedriver apparently losing control 'ofthe car. Miss June Griffith, one ofthe party, hurt her foot while escaping from the overturned carMisses Celia Peterson, Bobbie McNabb and Bobbie Orerub, the-othermembers of the party, received' severe burises and suffered from theeffects of nervous shock. They wereall placed in another car, which hadM. M. I. will reopen Wednesday,Feb. 25. It will close Friday, June 4.This will be possible by teachinguntil noon Mondays.The rooms and buildings havebeen thoroughly fumigated by members of Lexington Health Office, un.-der direction of Dr. John: Meguire.Cadets who were sick will returna little later. Day pupils will bepermitted to return to school if theywill avoid all places of 'amiiBemeiitand crowds and remain at homesave when at school until the flucondition in the "surrounding country is better.Respectfully,(It) C. M. BEST, Principal.oTHREE-FOURTHS OF THEAMOUNTHas already been subscribed.Let's go over the -top: we always have. Give all you can to .been summoned from a local garage.the Massie Memorial Hospital. and taken to Lexington, where theirliniuries were given medical atten-i w 4CLUB APPROPRIATEStion.LAt the last meeting- of the Paris ATTEND THIS PUBLIC SALE EEB-Literary Club an appropriation of ( RUARY 28. " "$25 was voted to the Young Wo-j "jman's Christian Association, and Attend the sale of live stoacv;3. --$25 to the Near East Relief Fund, household and kitchen furniture-.v- 'Mrs. Charlton Alexander was ap- ?.nd farming implements at Miss Le - 'pointed delegate to attend the dis- tjtia Clay's, at 10 o'clock, Saturday ir"trict meeting, and Mrs. Amos Tur- February 28. See handbills. ",-iiv9ney, Jr., alternate. i (20-3V)ONE-FOURTHOf the $20,000 is all that is notsubscribed. Go over and seewhat they are doing ov r there;then you will feel like subscribing again.ADMINISTRATORS APPOINTEDThe following orders appointingadministrators oftsstates were.ntered in .the County Gourt last week 'byCounty Judge George Batterton:Judge Dennis Dundon, as administrator pf the estate pf Walter C.Davis, with the United States Fidelrity and QuaT&ntee -Company, as surety, with bond of $2,000. T. H.Hudson, as. administrator of T. H.Hudson, with T. H. Hudson and Jas.McClure as sureties, with .bond of$500. Elizabeth Lenihan, as adniiivtetatrix of Kate Lenihan, withFrank L6nihan as surety, bond of?100.In the County Court Judge Batterton appointed Edsell May, of Little Rock, as guardian, of Mrs.- A D.Flora,-with Dr. P. L, McCiure.assurety:-' -.$ -JOHNS STUDIO SOLDThe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Tr'ist Co.. acting as trustee of A.R. Johns, has leased the photographic studio and equipment '. inthe third story of the building, toBradley Bros., of Georgetown. Thesegentlemen will take possession ofthe place at once, and after makinga number of necessary alterationsand. additions. -ill open for businessin" about six weeks."' ' :Bradley Bros, have made qu;te,.anenviable reputation in" their line,and their coming to Paris'will'assurethe people, of this community firstclass work. They will " continueihoir Georgetown studio also.-b, f"" BUY -EARLY-. .Attend our Februaiy and,, MarchCash " Sale early. We .save- youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Blue Grass Auto Company, ofLexington? sold and -delivered lastweek' to W. D. Mclnfcvre... of Millera-biifg, a seven-passenger Paige 'Se-jdan.. '-- ; .WE KNOW HOWTkPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many Prejudice!THIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTlCEAfciJIN CONNECTION WITHStfiin-BlochSmart Clothes' Men who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the--same,class. 'They're naturally prejudiced.Ready-to-wear clothes in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think. And the"more thojjght they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-Bloch SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices.EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give You-and Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. The materials are of tne"veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standard's ,for America's real red-blooded men.W-Q Jv--$?. " "U'7.I.4rMITCHELL & BLAKEMORt2' V!?i3&.:yVr ..AI5t - JH2;'.i: li'I1,-vy"t ?-1".n- .li ,iVV ?jxPAG1 TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, lf2fe-u"&rv?jrfZ'?k33ie gxKJd die young, which mayably explain why there are solf tough chickens.Attention, Republicans!-if maws convention of the Repubmas of Bourbon county is herebywBed forSaturday, February 28, 1920,aft 2 'clock p. m., to be held at theClaras court house, for the purposeJ selecting 22 delegates and alternates to the the District Conventiontm ike held at La Grange on March3M, Jor the election of two delegatesjam alternates to the National RepmkHicsLii Convention to be held inCMcagt), on June 6, 1920. SaiditSegates will also serve as delegatestte ih e State Convention in Louis--,o be eld on March 3rd. TheJfcirict Convention at La GrangewJ8. also choose an elector to be"ted for at the November election,j2v and a member of the Republia State- Central Committee frojmSk Seventh Congressional District.1fr County Convention wil also4fcti a new Republican County ComxHi& for the next four years,Tfich in turn will elect a Chair-1ww. Secretary and Treasurer. Alljjersons who desire to affiliate withtie Republican party are cordiallyaerated" to attend.BOURBON COUNTY REPUBLICANCOMMITTEE.By N. A. Moore, Chairman.W, A. Thopnson, Secretary.Public Salelivestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc."We will sell at public auction, toe highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m., rain or shine, onHirsday, Feb. 26, 1920,i"2m following described property:One work and driving horse, 7-3cre-old;One work and driving horse. 63 tars-old;One work and driving horse, 7-Spiers-old;Oue ccpnbined mare, 7-years-old ;One weanling mule colt;Two No. 1 cows, to be fresh onbkj of sale;One good red yearling heifer;Oae nice young sow;Owe new Webber wagon withMBbInatiou frame:One-new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment;One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, with"inrcJc and three-horse hitch;-Gae cutting harrow, with two2orse hitch;One Bemis tobacco setter, in goodOne good Deering mower;ro steel beam breaking plows,C.d as new:One new Rastus three-shovelViaw;9n good five-shovel plow;9ne good two-shovel plow;One good Moyer road wagon;'One top buggy, good as new;Two sets of good buggy harness;Tour sets of good farm harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stacksad in barn, and fodder in x field;0e Ijmproved Cream Separator,pod' as new, 600 pounds capacity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture; ,Iit of hoes, rakes, shovels and""slier implements useful on thefierzn.TJERMS Made known on day ofasileREDMON & McDUFFY.XC P. KENNEY, Auctioneer.feb6-td)PUBLIC SALEOPWV will :p11 at : nnhlip annfinnFINE- .. ..-.. . s.v "mile barns, on South Main Street, Paris, Ky., onMonday, March 1, 1920fCounty Court day) the following 40 head of extra good 2-year1 M mules:36 Mare Mules and 4 HorseMulesAll are fat and well matedAko at the same time, a few extra good 3-year-old mules;wmd ope pair 4-year-old mules, well broke and good. The two'ad tShree-year olds are not broken.Sale positive at at two o'clock p. m.Turney Bros.YOUR COLDEASEDAFTER FIRST"Pane's Cold Corn-pound" ThenBreaks Un a Cold In aFew HoursRelief comes instantly. A dosetaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks up asevere cold and ends all the grippemisery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages in the head, stops nose running, relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing, snuffling! Clear your congested h.ead! Nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, contains no quinine.Insist upon Pape's!(adv)oHis Prescription.His father has a pronounced partiality for Bill, and the ISrter ip diplomatenough to work this feeling of his father's whenever an opportunity offers.Quite recently young William injuredhis hand severely, and when his fatherreturned home he inquired: "Well,Bill, how's tho hand?" Seeing hisfather was in a mellow mood, Williamanswered: "I think some ice creairwould help it." .For the best Metal andComposition Roofing at theright price call at Mrs.Templin's Paint Store. 1330J South Main Street, Paris, Ky.(till marl-T)Notice of Sale0P , THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($30,000.00), WORTH OFSEWER BONDS OP THE GET?OF PARIS, KENTUCKY.The City of Paris, Kentucky, willoffer for sale to the highest bidderat the Council Chamber in saidcity on Thursday, February 26, at8 o'clock p. m., 1920, Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) worth ofsewer bonds bearing date March 1,1920, and maturing at the rate ofThree Thousand Dollars (33,000.00)per year from November 1, 1920, toand inclusive of November 1, 1929.The said bonds were authorisedby a vole of the people at the November election, 1919.Interest five per cent., payablesemi-annually on the first of Mayand November, and both principaland interest payable in gold coin ofthe present standard of weight andfineness, at the Bank of America inNew York City.These bonds are if-sued puisuantto Chapter 113, Acts of Kentucky,Legislature, 1918.Delivery one-third on March 1,1920, one-thiid c-n June 1, 1920.and one-third on August 1, 1920,payments must be made on delivery.All bids anust be accompanied bya certified check for five per cent,cf the total amount of ihe bid, thecheck of the successful bidder to becredited on account and the checksof unsuccesful bidders to be returned immediately.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN,City 'Clerk ot Paris. Ky.(24-2t)of n.nwmnA jp, TTArti:.i." j.j wjux vx, lVACVjliniUCh. 5I EMULES!WANTED,Young lady cashier-bookkeeper.Address, in own handwriting, stating salary wanted."BOOKKEEPER,"Care BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.(10-tf)Home For Sale.My residence at 219 WestN Eighthstreet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back3 50 feet.(6-tf) PAT COMACK.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Stock, Personal Property.Box 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.(jan6-tf))LiveLockPublic Sale-OF-Household and KitchenFurniture, Contractors' Equipment.Having sold jmy place and goingto leave the-State, I will offer forsale all my contractors' equipmentand other personal property, consisting of household and kitchenfurniture, etc. Sale will start at 1o'clock p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 28The following articles will be soldwithout reserve or by-bid. Everything mentioned in this cale is infirst-class shape, some as good asnew, and as stated above, the reasonfor selling is that I am leaving theState. Anyone desiring to inspectgoods may do so by calling at myplace at any time before sale:One Universal Woodworker, builtby American Saw Machinery Co.,four extra saws, six-inch plane boring attachment and saw. This maqhine is in good order and is runby 7-horse-power Fairbanks-Morsegasoline engine just the thingmany carpenters need;One barn-framing outfit, used oneseason, consisting of two-power boring machine and swing circularsow, all framed and lined up so allof them, can be nsed a,t the sametime, same extra belting;One power grinding stone, fixedfor hand or power;One gasoline engine, 1-ii. p., Fairbanks-Morse;One concrete block machine, withseveral different design faces, about500 pallettb for same, all- in goodshope;One Triple A floor surfacing machine, a' good one;One lot shovels, all kinds;One lot good post rammers;One concrete tamper;One large sand screen;One step-toe mortise machine;Two Starrett leveling instruments, just the thing for staking offbuildings and runnings lines. Oneof these has a telescope tube, theother a plain sight tube. Both ofthese instruments are in good order;About 3 8 Jack-screws of all sizes;Two iron snatch blocks;One lot of rope. These ropes arcfn good shape;One lot of blocks for blocking upbuildings;One lot of rolieis for house-moving;One lot of iron diggers and long-handle shovels;Six good wheelbarrows;One crab for raising barns andmoving houses;Four or five ladders;Three step ladders;.Several ripping bars;One cross-cut saw; ' u.One' lizard saw; ,..One scythe; ""One Ross cutting box; " iOne springy wagon pole;One pony cart and harness;Two pitchforks, hoesand rakes;One small A harrow for grading;Two 50-gallon gasoline tanks;Pome chains, and bees and extrabee stands;.A lot of other things too numerous to mention.HOUSEHOLD AND KITCHEN FURNITURE. Ono sood Moo res' air-tight heater;One lard press and sausage mill;One big iron kettle;One big brass kettle;One lot of stone and glass jars,all sizes;One 10-gallon stone jar;Two 5-gallon milk cans;Refrigerator, sideboard, dishesand household goods of all kinds;A lot of sjmall tools too numerousto mention.AUTOMOBILESOne 5-passonger Oakland, model34. This machine is in good running order:One -ton White Truck.Tires are all good on these machines.TERMS Cash on all sums under$25.00- Over that amount -negotiablenote bearing 6 interest.E. T. SHEELER.Millersburg, Ky.COL. GEO. I. SPEAKES, Auct.(17-td)Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price$975.. STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.FOR RENTDesk room, with use of two telephones, light and heat for desirableparty, at our place of business onMain, street. Well located and verydesirable.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.S. R. HUDNALL.Office No. 6 Bank Row.(23dec-tf) 'Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give jme a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aspecialty.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 918Main Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf)Public SaleOFHousehold and Kitchen Furniture. As administrator of Mrs. PearlMann Taylor, deceased, I will sellat public auction, on the premises,609 Ferguson Street, onFriday, February 27, 1920,at two o'clock, p. m., all the household and kitchen furniture of Mrs.Pearl Mann Taylor, comprising avariety of household goods too numerous to mention here. A rarechance to obtain some good bargains. FLETCHER MANN,Administrator Mrs. Pearl MannTaylor.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(febTO-t)10- BOURBON -10BABY FARMS!We, as agents for James McClure, will sell onFriday, Feb. 27thAT 10:30 A, M.on the premises, midway between Paris and Lexington, at Piper's switch arid theintersection of the Paris and Lexington and Harp and Innes pikes10 Choice Baby Farmswith splendid building sites. Five of these farms face on the Paris and LexingtonInterurban line, the other five farms face on the Harp and Innes pike.We consider this tract one of the best subdivision sales we have ever offeredthe public. These baby farms are situated midway between the two best commercial towns in Central Kentucky and are ideal sites for tobacco or truck farming.Any one in the market for a home and small farming site cannot afford tomiss this sale. This property must be seen to be appreciated.The sale will be positive, rain or shine. Terms will be easy and made knownon day of sale. You make the price and we will make the deed.Watch this space for exact size of each farm.For further particulars call on NJAMES McCLURE, Owner, Paris, Ky.ORJHARRIS & SPEAKESREAL ESTATE DEALERS, PARIS, KY.L. D. HARRIS, Business Mgr. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneeriLOSTUMBRELLAHas deer horn handle, and. silverband, with initials, "H. C. H." Reward for its return to this office.I (17-tf)PUBLIC SALEofHousehold and Kitchen FurnitureHaving moved to Lexington to reside, I will offer at public auction,at my former residence, recently vacated by Dr. H. M. Boxley, in MillersbuTg, Ky., onWednesday, February 25, at 2:30 p. m.,All my household and kitchen furniture, comprising dining room, bedroom sets, carpets, rags, etc., kitchen furniture, and a variety of household goods, too numerous to list here A rare chance to get bargains mfurniture, all high-class.TERMS Strictly cash in hand.MUS. W. V. CARPENTER,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. 153 Barr St., Lexington, Ky.BIG COMBINATIONPUBLIC AUCTION SALEFamous "Spring Hill" farm of 263 acres, belonging to James I.Hamilton and all the farming implements, live stock, etc., of J. A. Rob-inson.Wednesday, March 3, 1920,beginning at 9 a. m., lasting oil ca: The famous "Spring Hill" StockFarm of 263 acres, belonging to James I. Hamilton, is located inBoyle County, only 3 miles from "that good town of Danville, (one ofthe leading educational centers of the South), on tie Danville-Stanfordpike. , . . , .j P.THE IMPROVEMENTS Magnificent two-story brick residence oN12 rooms; two bath rooms, completely equipped with water system,light plant, basement under entire house; heated with furnace; a residence you could not duplicate with water system, light plant, basement under entire house; heated with furnace; a residence you couldnot duplicate to-Say for $30,000.00. An $8,000.00 stock barn, withwater and lights therein; also o-ne smaller stock barn; two tenanthouses; stock scales; blacksmith shep; dairy barn; hard roadway frompike to residence, beautiful approach. This is one of the best farms mBoyle county. An ideal home and no better dirt anywhere. Fine tobacco, hemp, corn and wheat land. All of this farm m grass exceptabout 50 acres. Never-failing water all over the place and splendidfencing. About 30 acres of wheat already sown. Tobacco bed alsosown and ready for you. Possession day of sale if you desire it. It isready for you and your family. You will be proud to call this magnificent estate HOME. Look it over before day of sale. It will be sold justafter lunch. Terms exceedingly liberal and made known on day of sale.Col. Boliver Bond on the block. ' m ,On this farm and on the above date, beginning at 9 a. m., analasting all day J. A. ROBINSON,, who has recently disposed of over1,100 acres of land and has to give possession right away, will sen toithe "High Dollar" all of his personalty, consisting of faipning implements, machinery, live stock, etc. This will be the biggest personaltysale ever held in this part of the State. His holding will cover S lor 10acres of land. The sale will begin promptly at 9 A. M. MAKUll orn.and last all day, and Cols. I. M. Dunn and John B. Dinwiddle will beon the block. .,. , . .. AnvLunch Served. Don't fail to atend this sale. It will last all day.There will be three auctioneers and terms liberal, announced sale aay.Remember the day and hour, Wednesday, March 3, at 9 a. m. -be onhand promptly. For full particulars see, write or phone,JAMES I. HAMILTON, J. A. EOBINSON,Lancaster, Ky. Danville, Ky.(20-2t)mmmmmmmmimri?l'i'vmKmmmmmmAuto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.iPARIS, KENTUCKYJ, . 7 V- '- ii.rxrS -r '. s, 'v.1,, -D. Sptnkes, AuctioneerWP)WpPpWpfl(P--W-P-piiFf- .--. l.r,,.-,; ,y,Jh?' ' ! TF , WW'l -f' W"A W V W. JJ' TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE THREE$DOCTOR GETSBACK HEALTHSays Every Weakened RunDown Person ShouldTake Vola-TonicA statement about Vola-Tonic givenby Dr. Jules Townley McLean, chiropractor, 2S23 Erie avenue, Hyde Park,Cincinnati, O., absolutely proves tne powersof the "Builder ofStrength."Dr. McLean highly recommends Vola-Tonic toevery weakened, rundown man or woman."My system was in aseverely weakened condition for two years,"Dr. McLean said. "Thiscondition was due to mystomach. I was badlytroubled with indigestion and constipation."I started readinglllilliltt "1Dr. Jules Town'ley McLeanabout Vola-Tonic and became so interested that I got a bottle and startedtaking It.t "From what Vola-Tonic did in mycase I can say that I can highly recommend the medicine. In fact, I don'tthink I could recommend Vola-Tonictoo highly to any man or woman suffering from stomach troubles or ageneral run-down condition."Vola-Tonic helped my digestionfrom the start and also relievedthe constipation. It improved myftealth all over so much that I expectto be able to resume my practice shortly, which I had to give up two yearsago because of poor health."Dr. McLean's statement is the best.-possible proof that Vola-Tonic is the(medicine for YOU to take if YOU arefeeling weak and run down.. Get abottle TODAY !H. & W;. LEAGUE OBSERVES GTHBIRTHDAY.The sixth birthday of the BourbonCounty Health and Welfare Leaguewas observed Thursday afternoon, atthe home of the President, Mrs.James McClure, on Vine Street.Annual reports were made by thetreasurer, Mrs. C. O. Hinton, the visiting nurse, Mrs. Harriet P. Minaker,by Mrs. W. O. Hinton for the PennyLunch Department, and by MissMamie Spears for the membershipdrive.The amount of good that is accomplished by the League can not beestimated in dollars and cents andcannot be set forth in meager words.Mrs. Minaker's services to this community are inestimable, she is positively tireless in her activities andrests neither day nor night if thereis necessity for her services, andjust now during the prevalence ofinfluenza and pneumonia her assistance and advice are in constant demand. Among other items of business discussed at this meeting it was decidedto provide Mrs. Minaker with an office assistant, the details of securingsame being left in the hands of acommittee named by the president.The treasurers report snowed thatthe receipts from all sources duringthe year 1919 amounted to over$4,000, with a balance of about$1,400 in the treasury, much ofwhich will be required to meet theneeds of the present crisis.Mrs. Hinton's report of the PennyLunches now being served at thePublic School, was most gratifying,the venture now being self-sustainingunder the capable managementof Mrs. Batterton.The membership drive has notbeen completed either in the city orcounty, owing to inadequate telephone service, sickness, etc., but thereports already received are most encouraging. The receipts from the sale of thebia-tonicI SBWtDER of STRENGTH"8 Specie! AgentVarden & Son, DruggistsAmong the essentials is thegroom at a wedding, although he isnever permitted to realize it.r-oAnother reason why we order oureggs fried is because we can countt&epn on the plate.oBE CAREFUL.See u before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggSTERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-Gm-T)QUESTION CLEAREDPaiisReaders Can No LongerDoubt the Evidence.Again and again we have read ofstrangers in distant towns who havebeen' cured by this or that medicine.But Paris' pertinent question has always been "Has anyone here inParis been cured?" The word -of astranger living hundreds of milesuway may be true, but it cannothave the same weight with us as theword of our own citidens, whom weknow and respect, and whose evidence we can so easily prove.Geo. McCandles, Second street,Paris, says: "My kidneys were inactive and I had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put sL stop to all thetroubles and they gave me completerelief."NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, Mr. McCandles said: "I haven't had anyneed of a kidney remedy since I lastendorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. Iconsider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getMofin R-st Doan's Kidney Pills -the same thatiiii. lrivAeuJUico uaui jl' uoic-iuxi-burn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. T.adv)Christmas seals amounted to about$750, of which 75 per cent, is retained by the League for tuberculosis purposes.Mrs. Minaker's report of the HealthDepartment showed:Yisits made to sick (Metropolitan Policy Holders 279Visits made to sick other thanMetropolitan Pol. Holders 390Visits for purposes of investigation, business, etc 1,129Total visits 1,798Tuberculosis cases carriedover ' 22Tuberculosis cases, new 13Deaths from Tuberculosis(White) - 5Death's from TuberculosisColored) 3Other diseases treated : " 37Births with nurse in attendance 18Operation, nurse assisting 1Cases sent to. specialist 3Cases sent to Infirmary 2Cases sent to Hospital 24Schools visited 3Talks given 6Child Welfare Week observedfirst week in August children weighed and measured 164Babies under weight 50Babies over , weight 35Babies equal in weight 78Churches giving all-day sewings for League 3Homes fumigated 8Homes where nurse instructedfor fumigation 36Patients supplied with cots,sheets, pillow cases, gowns,surgical dressings, medication, ice, fountain syringes, .hot water bottles, clinicalthermometers, bandages, invalid with coal, groceries,clothing, milk, blankets, etc. 165Families for whom rent waspaid 4Children ' supplied with glasses 2"Childern supplied wjth books 4Soap provided for families 4Positions for children 3Temporary lodging 2.Laundry for families 5Annual clean-up day observedwith good resultCommunity Christmas observed,and 175 children were rememberedwith good things and toys.Donations by cash $618.70Bread, chickens, jellies, one loadcoal, books, toys, shoes, clothing,hats, etc.Proceeds from Kiltie concert (notall collected).After these splendid Teports andthe transaction of other business, theLeague enjoyed a social period asthe guests of Mrs. McClure, whoserved delightful refreshments.CHARLES ANGUNISv MMAsE f!"HILL9S"' FIVE MILLION PEOPLE&kUSED IT LAST YEAR &jCiBr QUININEMnltf ft&!&MiBStandard cold remedy for 20 years-in xaDiet xorm sate, sure, noopiates breaks up a cold in 24Hours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redtop with Mr. Hill'sf. picture.At All Dreg StoresThe Gir! in Business.C:he big difference between youngmen and women in business is thattho former know they have manyyears of work ahead, while the latteroften feel that their sojourn in thebusiness world is to be temporary.Only to the extent that a girl considers her -work as a lifetime affair, and. ccordingly devotes her whole heartand rjoul to it, can she succeed In rising above the rank and file. F.orbesMagazine.SYRUP OF FIGS"IS LAXATIVEFOR CHILDLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach. Liver andBowels-cvli-TGAINSPOUNDSINTERIOR DECORATINGPaper Hanging Promptly and Artistically Done.Painting in All Its Branches.Henry Bosch Line of Exclusive WallPapers. Beautiful Samples toSelect From.Experienced Men Employed who Know How and" Will GiyeSatisfaction.JACK OWSLEYCumfeerland Telephone "1 070-Paris. Kentuckyn 17 77O,TJ R employers,'the Dublic. havefound us to be reliable and capable.The quality of theservice rendered byus reflects creditupon our profession.i' " InI; "'.' . vWas Almost a Physical Wreck Before Taking Tanlao FeelsPine 2Tow."About the luckiest day of mylife was when I began taking Tanlas," said Charles 33. Anglin, of 152Beale avenue, Memphis, Tenn.'Several years ago," he continued,'while living at Jonesboro, Arkansas, I had such a terrible attack ofacute indigestion that T came nearplaying out. My stomach was in anawful fix and I just had to be mostcareful about my food, and eventhen I suffered nearly every day.My 'trouble pulled pne down inbtrength and weight till I was almost a physical wrepk and had toquit work entirely. I couldn't eator Bleep to do any good and wouldroll and toss in misery all nightlong. The medicines I took gave meonly temporary relief and I was soonas bad x)ffas I was before, if noteven worse."My wife advised me to try Tanlac, as we had been reading so muchabout it, so I started on it and a fewbottles of this medicine straightenedme out fine. In fact, before I had-finished imy first bottle of Tanlac Iwas edting anything I wanted andimproved so much that I was soont&ck at work feeling all right. Ipicked up eighteen pounds in weightand my clothes were getting tootight for me. Tanlac is a wonderand I don't believe it has an equalin the world."Tanlac is sold in Paris by the People's Pharmacy. (adv)Accept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the nackage, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and Dowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)Saturday Half Holiday.The custom of having Saturday afternoon as a1 holiday is supposed tohave originated in Scotland. It appears that by a council of William,king of Scotland, A. D. 1203, it wasdetermined that Saturday, after thetwelfth hour, should be kept holy,that every one might attend VespersIn preparation for Sunday.oPOR THE CHELDEEN.Too much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful drug andmost effectual in curing their coldsand coughs. Xiong experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. Itis a favorite with many mothers.(feb-adv)It is the belief of some of the Chinese that the women who wear shorthair will be transformed into menin the future world.Indians' Apt Description.SInnapaschugy is the word coinedby the Navajo Indians of Utah formotorcar, and it is literally translatedto mean a wagon that goes with a"chug," according to an authority onthe language of the Navajo, Hopi andApache Indians. The Indians are nowseeking a word for the airplane. It isa miracle to them.$100 BEWABB $100.The readers-:of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is atleast one dreaded disease that science has been able to cure in all itsstages and that is catarrh. Catarrhbeing greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally andacts "through the blood on the mucousBurfaces of the system therebydestroying the foundation of thedisease, giving thejpatient strengthf by"b'uttdlhg up tfreconstitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.YYou never can tell. Bad habitsmay grow on people who never evenhad warjs.SPECAL!Exceptionally Nice I-Lot of IGrapeFruit I10c Ieach iiii1920Jt BF MF Wf W ,&riffodelsNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.v:. .v5.-"v.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.XMake Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.A MAN AND HIS WIFEtmay both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleature of wearing old clothes ihatfrhave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are eflcecting a great. ving, must surely satisfy : youJ A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLiNERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone Y(S! Mrs. Ellis' CashaI GroceryOpposite Court HousParis. Ky--CTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,sox simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.The News Jobr.-3;. -iai1 Toledo, Ohio. Sold by, all 4 Drug.MThefaft; a Reason." Work Done tygists, 75c. .'. , f(feb-adT)4 I - ViVt.." i JfrXI v '-r'4jr'page foukHE BOUfeBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-r-,," f--. ",.-,-- v',TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 241929PUBLIC SALEOP14-PURE JERSEY C0WS--14DEATHS.On March 1st, 1920(Court day) at Caywood & McClintock's barn on South MainStreet, at 1 o'clock p. m. These cows will most positively BESOLD without reserve or by-bid, rain or shine.James and A. M. PefferGeo. D. Speakes, AuctioneerParh, KentuckyAUCTION SALEOPo$MILCH COWAt Paris, KentuckyOn Wednesday, Feb. 25, 1920At Caywood & McClintock's Mule Barnon South Main Street. --We will sell one car load of Tennessee Milch Cows at Paris,Ky., Wednesday, February 25, 1920. They .are from 3 to 5 yearsold; most all are fresh; balance heavy springers. They are thebest grade Jerseys, Holsteins and Guernseys, a few of thempure breds. We bought them carefully from best farmers inKnox county, Tenn., one and two of each farmer. They comedirect from the farmer to you. All of them have been tuberculintested and health certificates go with them to you. This is thebest car load of cows ever shipped, to this country.Don't fail to attend this sale, as every one will be sold regardless of price on above date, rain or shine.Don't forget the date and place. Sale starts promptly at2:30 o'clock.Ladies are especially invited to attend this sale.Primer & GoansAUCTION!The Big Combination Saleof desirable Real Estate will be sold by Harris & Speakesand the Paris Realty Company onSaturday, Feb. 28, 1920Several automobiles will leave our' offices promptlyat 1:30 p. m. Beginning at No. 1 and continuing in orderuntil all are sold.r ,it,NO. 1 7-room,- two-story brick residence, located on corner of Secondand Main streets; has gas, electricity, concrete walks, largeTV ' lot, splendid garden, good cistern and in a splendid location.i - Possession in ten days.JJNO. 2 Vz of the double two-story brick residence on Pleasant Street,rf .now occupied by J. Walter Payne, has 7 rooms, gas, bath and'ij electricity, and is the best located property in Paris. Posses-jV . sion April 1st.,- z-f 'tNO. 3 The two-story frame residence on corner of Seventh and HighM Streets. "This property is in two distinct apartments, 6 rooms, b facing on High Street and 3 rooms on Seventh Street, has gas$,'? bath, and electricity and is in the business part of the cityj . j j and bids fair to become one of the best corners in Paris;il Possession in thirty or sixty days.jNO. 4 The frajme cottage on High Street and -next to No 3 has 45 rooms, gas, bath and electricity, is right down town andiy oyicu.u.iu.iy wwu. -l uoocoiiou LUUiy or SIXtV (lavs.Hfo. 5. The vacant lot on Henderson Street, 50x100 feet, between J. W.xtayueu auu mis. .rumen, une or me Dest locations in Paris.)!f'NO.3-AL-The two-story frame residence on Henderson Street between A.B. Lovell and Ray Harris, now occupied by William Dale- has6 rooms, bath, gas and electricity, cellar, garden, garage' Nobetter location in Paris. Possession about March 1stiNO. 7 2-story, six-room frame residence, with front and back norches" &aof cic,-iiiv' i5uuf wtnui, uatii complete; located on Walker avenue; large lot 60x250; splendid location. Possessionthirty days.8 5-room cottage, located on Higgins avenue; large lot r 80x225feet, gas, water in house, concrete walk, plenty of shadtrees. Possession March 1st. y snaaeHO. 9 5-room cottage, located on corner of Twelfth and Pleasant.lcU)'il" "a xyi. sux, electricity, good cistern, splendid shade trees and m the very best locatin. Possession thirtvdays. '10 The frame cottage with brick columns on Fifteenth. Street has4 rooms, gas, bath and electricity, good location, and a dandvlittle home, for someone. Possession March 1st..!! 5-room practically new cottage, with all. necessary improve-xn. oclwx u,, soaauu eiecinciiy, concrete walks, shadetrees; situated on South Brent - Street, splendid location.v Possession in thirty days. ' !12-iThe frame cotUge on Brent Street, has 5 roons, gas, bath andelectricty is a dandy, nice piece of. property and occupied by, . J&nee Grinnell, Sr. Possession April 1st .IfOL IS Is 5-room franle cottaee. on South Mnin -.. jtb-e Brannon home, between Nineteenth, and Twentieth, Street4"?-' ;"kasfbth, gfc$-rid electricjty; Possession in 30 daya., .Do1n'A 9r&& ikMy nd date of sale, Saturday, February 28. Forgtiaitieulars poQ' . "- r? JHUMJT CO., OE HABB&.A SPiiaDaU - "VAUGHN.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Rickets,of Paris, attended the funeral andburial last week of their nephew,Robert Vaughn, "son of Mr. and Mrs.Daniel Vaughn,, of Poindexter, whodied at the home of his parents, oftJouble pneumonia.RICHARDSON.John W. Richardson, aged sixty-five,son of Garrett and PollyAldridge Richardson, died Saturdaymorning at his home in Clark county, after a short illness of pneumonia. He was the father of fivechildren, one of whom, Mrs. Mildred Stansfield, resides in this county. The funeral was held Sundayafternoon at one o'clock, with servises conducted at the grave at Dunaway, in Clark county.JEFFERSON.Lillian Irene Jefferson, agedfifteen, died Sunday, at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. MillardJefferson, on Seventh street, after alingering illness of tuberculosis.Besides her parents, -she is survivedby one brother, Bruce Jefferson,and two sisters, Mrs. Oscar Gibbens,and Miss Mary Jefferson.The funeral was -held yesterdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. C. H. Grear,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.' HONAKER.James Honaker, forty-three,died at his home in Lexington, Sunday morning at six o'clock after anillness of several months. He wasborn in Bath county, and was a sonof the late James and Ella Honaker,of Bourbon county. He is survivedby his wife, Mrs. Sallie Honaker;two brothers, Elzie Honaker, ofParis, and David Honaker, of Xenia,Ohio; and one sister, Mrs. BessieFrazier, of Hutchison, this county.The funeral will be held at the residence, where services will be conducted at eleven o'clock this (Tuesday) (morning, followed by burial inthe Lexington Cemetery.CLARKE.Following a short illness ofpneumonia, Claude Hedges Clarke,aged twenty-seven, died Thursdaynight at the home of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Clarke,near North Middletown. YoungClarke contracted a severe cold,which developed into pneumonia,causing his death.The funeral was held Friday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, wirh services conducted at the grave in theNorth Middletown Cemetery by Rev.F. M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthMiddletown Christian church. Thapall-bearers were: Carlton Jones,Stanley Young, Stanley Dickson,Louie Tinder, Raymer Jones, William Collins, Stoddard Young andJos. Jones. -ly conducted up to a short time preceding his death. The funeral andburial took place at Miami yesterday.MANN.Following a protracted illnessWhittington Mann, aged about fiftytwo, died at the home of his mother,Mrs. Russell Mann, on Pieasantstreet, at six o'clock, Sunday night,of. heart trouble. Mr. Mann hadbeen confined to his home .for several weeks, and, while his death wasnot unexpected, it came as a distinctshock to those near and dear to him,nnd to a. host of friends and associates who sencerely regret his passing.Mr. Mann was a native of Paris,where he received his education inthe schools of his day. His father,the late County Judge Russell Mann,one of the most distinguished members of the Bourbon county bar,preceded hi,m to the grave manyyears ago. Mr. Mann entered theemploy of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad at this point, beginning atthe bottom, and working his wayup, until he l'ad arrived at the position of conductor on one of the mostresponsible "runs" on that line. Hewas highly regarded by his associates for his many manly qualities.He served one term as a member ofthe Paris City Council, in which position he rendered with signal ability the duties of that office. He wasa mepnber of Bourbon Lodge I. O. O.F., and was one of the most faithfulniembcis. in noint of attendance andwoik. Mr. Mann is survived by hiswidow, who was formerly Miss Bessie Wilson, daughter of Mr. andMrs. David T. Wilson, of this city;two children; his mother, Mrs. Russell Mann, and three sisters, Mrs.Wm. K. Dudley, of near Hutchison;Mrs. Walter ICenney, of near Paris,and Mrs. Fannie Mann Swango, ofParis.The funeral will be held "at theresidence of Mrs. Russell Mann, on iPleasant street, this (Tuesday) aiternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church,Ihe burial following on the familylot in the Paris Cemetery. ,The pall-bearers will be: J. Walter Payne, Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty,George Williams Clay, J. Simms Wilson, W. C. Hamilton, Dr. F. P.Campbell, J. G. Metcalfe, WilliamGrannan.' 'PUBLIC SALEOF4k2 -SCOTT COUNTY-2FARMSOn Tuesday , March 2ndN ON THE -PREMISES AT 10:30 0'CEOCKMYERS.Pneumonia, superinduced by anattack of influenza, caused thedeath at eleven o'clock Fridaymorning, of Mrs. Ida Belle Myers,aged twenty-six, wife of ThomasMyers, at their home on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris.Besides her husband, Mrs. Myersis survived by four children, her father, C. M. Johnson, one sister, MissMamie Johnson, and three brothers,Albert, Thomas and Joseph Johnson,all of Bourbon county.The funeral was held 'Saturdayafternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at 'the grave in theNorth Middletown m Cemetery, byRev. F. M. Tinder, "pastor or theNorth Middletown Christian church.It is reported that each yeai 100,000 people go to New York City tolive.fFOR SALEBusiness house in Paris, Ky., inthe best location on Main street, between Sixth and Seventh streets'.Has been used for the past twentyyears as shoe and general (merchandise store. Has five rooms on second floor. Also fixtures, counters,etc. Inquire ofH. SCHANKER,(27-3t) Erlanger, Ky.We have been instructed by the owner, Mr. Thomas lisle, of Clark"County, to offer at public sale on the above date and place:NO. 1 tbat tract of land lying and being about one mile north ofNewtown, Ky., on what is known as the Leesburg Pike, containing 110acres of land, lying and being on the east side of said pike and bounded on the north by the lands formerly owned by Less Murphy, on theeast by the lands of Edgar Gragg, and on the south by the lands of A.L. Ferguson. There is on the farm a comfortable house of four or fiverooms, with good stock barn, corn crib, meat house and abundance ofexcellent water, both for family and stock purposes, and there is one ofthe best tobacco barns of about 15 acres capacity, which was in partsa.wed off of this place just a few years ago. This farm is well fencedwith the best of material and divided into enclosures for the convenience of a farm of this size. Soil is of an excellent quantity and readyto work.NO. 2 Is that excellent little farm located at intersection ofParis & Georgetown Pike and Carrick Pike, known, as a part of theArnsparger land, and contains about 84 acres of excellent land.There is no improvements onihis place except a good 12-acre tobaccobarn and plenty of good land ready for tobacco. Well fenced and watered. Splendidly located for someone to improve for a convenient home.Each of these farms lays in a section of country that is recognized asvery productive. Will produce good tobacco, wheat, corn or any othercrops that Central Kentucky will grow. Close to R. R. Station, excellent Graded School; where every few colored people reside, but convenient to village where help can be procured at all times. Close tochurches, telephone and free mail, where one may have the convenience of towns and the freedom of the country.At the same time and place, on the Leesburg Boad Farm, will sellthe following personal property, to-wit: ' . . .Three pairs of good work mules;One good milk cow; '9 head of fat Beef Cattle, weight about 700 pounds r AOne sow and 8 pigs; , " "" v6 Hampshire Gilts, will pig by day of sale;30 head of Cattle Shoats, will weigh about 60 pounds.About 75 barrels of Corn to be sold in 10 barrel lots;240 Shocks Fodder on Newtown farm;,Some Farming Implements;TERMS Made known on day of sale, which- will be liberal, onland especially., Any one interested in any of the above described property will beshown over same by; applying toHARMS & SPfcAKES, EOHB &W0OD,Paris, Ky. Georgetown, Ky.Or Mr. Ben Lisle, who resides on the Farm on the Leesburg Pike..vlVBIDDLE.Robert H. Biddle, aged forty, awell-known farmer of near HutchiEon, died Saturday pnorning at ten.o'clock, at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, after a shortillness of pneumonia: Mr. Biddlewas a son of R. H. and RebeccaGray Biddle, prominent citizens ofthis count'. Besides his parents, heis survived by his widow, one son,William Biddle; seven brothers,Curtis Biddle, of Loradale, Fayettecounty; Moses Biddle, of near Lexington; William Biddle, of SouthDakota; Richard Biddle, Jr., ofBourbon county; Henry and OmarBiddle, of Scott county; and one sister, Mrsv Perry J. McCord, of Paris.The body was taken to the homeof his sister, Mrs. P. J. McCord,where the funeral was held Sundayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted by A. L. Boatright.The burial followed on the familylot in the Paris Cemetery.LASALLE.Miss Cordie Owsley, received atelegram Saturday announcing thedeath in Miami, Florida, Fridaynight, of Ashley Lasalle, aged fiftyfive, a former resident of Paris, following an- illness of but a few hours.Mr. Lasalle came to Paris manyyears ago, and secured a position inthe job printing plant then conducted by W. A. Johnson. He was anexpert workman, and was considered an authority on all things pertaiping to the printing trade. Heformed a partnership with J. T.Pryor, formerly of "the KentuckianCitizen, and opened an office in thesecoiid story of the building at thecorner of Main and Fourth streets,now occupied by the Paris BilliardCo. The firm did a good business incatalogue printing, the Shorthornand blooded horse business then being in its prime. During: his .residence here Mr. Lasalle married MissLizzie Owsley, daughter of ThomasOwsley, who. with one son. AthosLasalle, survives him. The firm ofLasalle & Pryor. dissolved Dartner-ship in later years, Lasalle goingto Miami, Fla., where he became interested in- thet Miami Daily Record,eventually becoming president ofthe v publishing company. A fewYears asro he retired form the tipwh-i paper-business and- opened a- jobprinting plant.hich he succtesful-t ' -,Snappy StylesFor Ycuii: V w 7 ifYa -KHIV l k. p5jW wimUl .-. I '' It Wll. h Hav f1 m I Ha l a.V;- I 1HM V 1t far v w ' mRX& am f mMMMMmmmW m D&' i I marnW W 1 I .i. L, m lAWmr k 1 1 i - - ? -fitfyz - m mmW m. m Ir ' f .-.. W .,,' i Ik U T i lMi w,g Menand Men Who Want To-Stay YoungY OUNG MEN are assured-L. the newest styles of the90 season if they will comer-tt&SH "ere 10 Duy. we arefeaturing as one of our bestmodels'" the double - breastedcoat. You see one of the models pictured here.;l These garments come withlong soft roll lapels with oneana two buttons. Being highwaisted, form-fitting with deepcenter vents give them a verystylish appearance. Slash,, slantor regular pockets as you maydesire.Browns, blues, greens- andgreys injplain colors" are good, .as are also fancy patterns..And7the values are right$22.50toiT7t&t, 191?, A. B. Kiwckkum Co;.$52.50r. P. Walsh7th and Main' One-Price Storemmmmmammmmmmaaawmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmwmmmmmmi -!"PariKy.:... cr4fi v3, V'-.J- vW- '1MiAklM't-A4- W- -TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKY-t -vsaM,, , j.; jMt. vju r-r,K HMrTPAGE WTB2SOCIAL A3SD PERSONAL.cMjFor SaledA4FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHOSPITAL FULL.The hospital is full. Pleasetell us what we would havedone without it.SPRING STETSONS.Many new colors shown to-day innew spring- styles.J. W. DAVJS & CO.BIG PUBLIC SALE.Attend Sheeler's sale on Feburary28. See advertisement in anothercolumn. (td)oTO BASKET BALL TANS!A special car will leave Paris onThursday night, February 26, at6:00 p. m. for Lexington, on account of the double-header basketLall game between the teams of ParisHigh School and the Lexington HighSchool. Returning the car willleave Lexington at 10:30 p. m.DISLOCATES SHOULDERA dislocated shoulder received ina fall on the pavement Saturday isthe contributing factor toward making Carlcy Wilmoth one of the latestmembers of the "shut-ins." Mr. Wilmoth was taken to the office of Dr.J. M. Williams, where the injuredmejmber received first aid. He wasremoved to his home, where he isresting comfortably.oBUY EARLY.Attend our FebruaryCash Sale early. Weand Marchsave youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON COONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions of 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomfor Spring go. ds.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.(febl3-4t)oPARIS HIGH SCHOOL LEADS INBIBLE STUDY CONTEST.The Paris High School leads theHigh Schools of the State this weekby fourteen points in the State Y.M. C. A. Bible study contest. Rev.T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Presbyterian church, taught the class lastweek. Parents are asked to help P.H. S. to win this contest by makingit possible for the boys to be inschool every day.RETURNS 10 OLD POSITION.The song of the rail, and the oldfamliar feel of the hand on thethrottle of an engine proved toostrong a lure to Frank Burton, former L. & N. engineer, who has returned to his former position. Mr.Burton, after leaving the L. & N.service, was engaged in the restaurant business with Thos. Abeam, atTenth and. Pleasant streets. Uponthe dissolution of partnership, Mr.Burton purchased the soft drinkand ice cream stand of Adami &Santi, which he has since conducted. Mr. Burton has sold thebusiness to Q. T. Gatewood, ofFrankfort, who has taken possession. : oHEWORLEANS MOLASSES SPE-CIAIr-BKWW COST,Kew Orleans Molasses at $1.25per gallon while they last. Can't bebought at. that price wholesale.Zetter order to-day, as they will gofast at that price.(It) C, P. COOK & CO.oHEW SERIES TO OPEN: GET INWITH THEM MAECH 6.Become a stockholder in, the People's Building and Loan Associationif you wish to invest your moneywhere it will earn most. We open anew series March 6. Office at People's Deposit Bank and Trust Co.Gr. W. WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Sect.BASKET BALL GAMESThe Paris High School teamstook both games from the Maysvilleteams in a double header played onthe local Y. M. C. A. gymnasiumfloor Friday night. The plays werewell contested, but the Paris teamsLaving their visions fixed on thatchampionship played like old-timers.The bovs game resulted in a. aw0of 21 to 16 for Paris, whlie theMaysville girls' team went down indefeat before the Paris team by a6core of 17 to 0. The games wererefereed by Marshall P. Adams,jcoach- of the Georgetown CollegeteamThe basket ball team of the Russell High School, colored, of Lexington, defeated the team of the Western High School, colored, of Lextagion. defeated the teapi of the Western High Schopl, on the Psfl9r'io a hard fought game iasi iuud&Y night. The final, score stood,Resell High School, 14; WesternHigh. School, 12. ,Paris High School comes this weekto the heavy end of its basket ballSchedule, playing xln&t0 ,3-Thursday and Somerset on Friday-OfS week. A special Intemrbancar will leave Paris at 6:00 p-m.The game will be played on floorof the Lexington High Schoo L gym-mimur. ;m;'iraHie with the;Somitteam will be played on the floor6t the Y. M. C, Jk. Kpj"i"F.thfe"-city,-o FrMay it,-t 7.3fo'clock.and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.James L. Day is very ill of thenu at his home on Vine streetRobert P. Walsh is in Cincin-1,dU un a ousiness trip to beabout two days.goneMrs. Edward F. Prichard hasreturned from an extended visit tofriends in New York City... Several from Paris attendedthe performance of "Holy Boly Eyes"at the Lexington Opera House lastnight.T. J. Herrin, who has been seriously ill of influenza at his home onSouth Main street, for several days,is improving.Henry V. Thompson, of Winchester, was a guest Sunday of Mr.and Mrs. tfwift Champ, at theirhome on Pleasant street.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton entertained the members of the Young Women's Bridge Club, Saturday afternoon, at her home on High street.Y. L. Harrison, of the L. & N.roadraaster's oftlce at this point, isvisiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. a. Harrison, in Greenville, Alabama. Mrs. Elizabeth Brown, ofTenth street, is in Covington, atthe 'bedside of her daughter, Mrs.Oscar Locknane, who has been seriously ill of pneumonia, but is slightly better.Mrs. Napoleon B. Hedges, whohas been very ill with pneumonia ather apartments in "The Pine Crest,'in this city, has been removed to theMassie Memorial Hospital, fortreatment. ' 'J. C. Nickerson, roadmaster ofthe Louisville & Nashville, withheadquarters in this city, has returned from Birmingham, Ala.,where Mrs. Nickerson and childrenare visiting her parents.James Hill, carpenter, residingin the White Addition, who hasbeen ill from the effects of bloodpoisoning, caused by stepping on anail, has been removed to the MassieMemorial Hospital, for treatment.Airs. Strother D. Mitchell, ofKansas, is a guest of relatives inNorth Middletown, awaiting the arrival of Mr. Mitchell. They willlocate on their new farm on the Versailes pike, near Lexington, aboutMarch 1.Dr. Bruce Smith, " of Millersburg, who has been very ill " withpneumonia at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for severalweeks, was reported yesterday as being somewhat improved, with goodchances for his recovery.Claude Weathers, who was shotin the recent "unpleasantness" atLexington, has returned to hishome near Clintonville from theLexington hospital, where he hadbeen a patient since the shooting.He is on the road to recovery.The Amuse Dancing Club willentertain to-morrow evening, Wednesday, February 25, from 8:30 p.m. to 2:00 a. m., with a dance atVarden's Hall. Music will be fur--nishedby Bishop's Saxophone Quintet. A large attendance from surrounding towns is expected.Thomas Wells and family, ofthe North Middletown precinct,have returned from a visit of severalweeks to 'relatives in F.t. Wayne, Indiana. While on their visit theywere all victims of the influenza,and could not return until the quarantine was lifted and they were pronounced able to travel. tJudge John C. Chenault, awealthy cotton planter, Mississippiand Richmond, Ky., and descendantof the noted Baptist minister, Rev.David Chenault, of Madison county, was the guest of Mrs. LauraEstill Francis and Mrs. LauraEstill Chenault Cunningham, onPleasant street, last week.Mr j. N. B. Hedges, who was recently removed from her apartmentsin the T'ine Crest to ihe Massie Memorial Hospital, underwent an operation Sunday for internal abcess,performed by Dr. Divid Barrow, ofLexinsrton. and Dr. J. M. Williams,ol Paris. She was reported yester-day as resting very coniiortamy.The Fayette County EqualRights Association will observeThursday, February 2G, as "FrancesE. Willard Memorial Day," in theassembly rooms of the Second Presbyterian church, in Lexington. Aninvitation to attend has been received by the members of the localW. C. T. U., a number of whom willattend. A very attractive programhas been prepared. Mrs. Norah B.Taylor, president of the FayetteCounty W. C. T. U., will preside.At the regular weekly meetingof the Paris Literary Chib, to beheld in the club rooms to-morrow afternoon, the program to be observed will be as follows: "ChristianDoctrines," Mrs Forsyth; "Christ InArt," Mrs. Frank P. Lowry. TheProgressive Culture Club will renderthe following program at its meeting to be held Thursday: NaturalxTjetnrv "Famous American Naturalists," Mrs. Walker "Thoreau'sWarden," Mrs. Shropshire; Burrough's Locust and Wild Honey,"Mrs. Foster.WANTEDA live wire to handle.' the bestcaiitno- triinir in America $700.00less than other worm-drive trucksLiberal discount. . ' Addressj;r. MILLER,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Give territory desired.(24-7t) ..-.- . ,For Sale.Attractive bungalow in idealicriiVinrhooa. oa shady- side tfffctreet. 'Has large living-room, bed-room, .dinijfcproqmTiall, kitchen anabath. Also large front and backporches, .gas and electricity. Can ber xr annnintmeht. Call eitherphone 262.(24-2t)ComingsDark brown male pony, threeyears old, and one set of harness.Can be seen at residence,(lt-pd) 131 Virginia' Ave.LostOn Main street, between theGrand Opera House and HotelWindsor, a red fox fur neckpiece.Finder will be rewarded by leavingat this office(lt-pd)For Sale-Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boar, weight275 to 300 pounds a 'good one.JOHN J. REDMON,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Phone, Cumberland 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)For Sale,A Pianola Piano, in fine condition,88-note, with a good selection ofmusic rolls. Call CumberlandPhone 999. (24-4t)Residence For Sale!I offer for sale privately, the twostory brick house at 1411 SouthMain street, in Paris. This is a substatially built brick structure, having five rooms, nice bath room andback porches, etc.The lot is large, running throughthe block frbm Main street to Highstreet, and having a carpenter shopon the rear of the lot. This property is in a very desirable neighborhood and can be bought, worth themoney. Possession can be arranged,as can also reasonable terms of payment, if desired. For particulars,apply toMRS. D. W. PEED,Cumb. Phone 166.Home Phone 300.PUBLIC SALEOFFarm Tools and HouseholdFurnitureHaving moved to town, I will sellat public outcry, at the M. A. Kenney place, Stop 47, near Paris onLexington pike, and on LexingtonInterurban, beginning at 10 o'clock,onFriday, March 5, 1920,the following articles:HOUSEHOLD GOODS1 Oak Roller Top DeBk, good asnew;1 Folding Bed, large Mirror;1 Walnut Hat Rack;1 White Enameled Bed Springand Mattress;2 Antique Dressers;t 1 Wash Stand;1 Refrigerator, good one;1 Wash Stand;1 Divan;Some Dishes;A lot of Black Minorca Chickens;1 Large Radiant Home Stove;2 Small Heating Stoves;Some Chairs, 1 Refrigerator.STOCK.3-year-old Percheron Colt;2-year-old Percheron Colt.Jersey Steers, 1 and 2 years old;1-year-old Jersey Bull;Yearling Jersey Heifers;2-year-old Jersey Heifers;Brood Sows, will farrow" byMarch 1, 1920. i1 Sow and five pigs, 4 weeks old. xFAEM TOOLS1 Wheat Drill;1 Deering Binder;1 Feed Sled; i1 Disc Clover and Alfalfa Drill,good one;1 Top Buggy;1 Set Carriage Harness;T Grindstone;1 Cutting Box;1 Pair of Wagon Shafts;1 Delaval Cream Separator;1 Gas Engine, 2-horse-power.C. A. WEBBER,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.feb24-4t)JUSTLISTED!78 1-2 acres, 2 1-12 miles fromParis. Good home. i.12-acre tobacco barn.Tobacco sticks go. :Besbuyin the county, for;afew days only. ' ,PARIS REALTY CO.fG. P. MannH. SRtdnwm512 Main StreetH-A x '' aic icrtimccfCYyjzi""" w --w-- -tWe Invite theTo Visit OurHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;PAMMKfflMMWECASHThan You Can Save in Any SaleWE BELIEVE THIS becausea straight 20at the regularprice,WE DO NOT use any tags but the ones inuse at all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURFebruary andMIf youAr.t 13. ?l1 ' Globe-Wernicke Case, Columbia Grafonolas ana Recants :':M1 Way Sasless Springs i WTHE I. T.HINrQNCOiCEmininHttow . lMR,s Kentucky sixth am maiw D1 Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Umtertakfcij BI aj , y" . ' 'tW " l .:, 4and see on display our nice line ofSpring VoilesOrgandiesand White Goodsalso a full line ofSpring MillinerySuits, Coatsand Dresses,reasonable pricesELIEVEWe Save You More MoneyFEBRUARYAND MARCHdiscount on all goods markedCashSavingSaledon't, your neighbor daes.EXCEPTEDGlob-Wernicke Case, Columbia Graf onolasWay Sagless SpringsPublicStorer-iTf&'4.iMain StreetParis, Ky.at OurSALEAnywhere.we give you-j - . m.Hi iHMarchArt.,??&. .and Rtcartfsy&!1' -vpst ,Vrr ,; - '"" ' ! ;-wV NriVAGESOLTHEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTIIJ5SDAY, FMJtUAUT 24, -l$2frADMIRAL "PEABY PEAD, Vv, - 'Ml , jjnLf!fiI S-O-M-E S'H Goodies! ojiifIB '-the kind Jjj&jiBsvB in your je,- fe: '- .4sH? mouth JLPlKMliW'Sbm i:vi M!9Sxg93BBS "&" sgareyvm ' Haf&f fliifirv.tenderC'WK cakes, biscuits and gsgpB doughnuts that just mfegisH kaep you hanging BBpjB 'round the pantry ujmf&Y all made with JHISM CALUMET BM BAKING POWDER W&SpJ9jp3 tbe fccfest, purest, most &&?'?ragEgi economical kind. Try vhit drive avraybake-day wCjtg failures." -Dp You save when you buy it. Sfl1yKJ You save when you use it. w&KsjHfi( Calumet contains only such Js5ee99 ingredients as have been &V approved officially by the BK23BKHP U.S. Food Authorities. MSES HIGHEST SI WMBE N&iWlE JmSmWASHINGTON, February 23.Rear Admiral Robert Edwin Peary,64, retired, Arctic explorer and discoverer of the North Pole, died atliis home here, of pernicousanemia, from which he had sufferedfor several years. Arrangements forthe funeral have not been completed, but lie will be buried with fullraval honors.Adjmiral Peary submitted to ablood transfusion at a hospital hereten days ago. He gradually grewweaker, however, and the end cameearly this morning- Dr. H. F.Strime, the Admiral's physician,disclosed that the transfusion thismonth was the thirty-fifth to whichAdmiral Peary had submitted withintwo years.GIRLS! DRAW AMOIST CLOTHTHROUGH HAIRW MEACTIVE IS CLAIMOF LETTERMANEfct "Danderine" save outhair and douBleits beautySays He Performs JDuties With Renewed Vim Because ofTrutona.Walk That Tells Character.A peculiar walk is that of the longstride with the decided swing of theMoulders. This walk is generally tobe seen In authors, actors and artists,and Is characteristic of the art world,tbe man who has Ideas of his own,and Is quite untrammeled by convention. It denotes Independence and, Ifaccompanied bv an.emDhatic Dlantinerdown of the left foot, a stamp In fact, i on bttleresolution and determination.JilBfiSPiKmr BBjBjiifcwBP&tSBKP'Oh, girls, such an abundance ofthick, heavy, invigorated hair; aperfect mass of wavy, silky hair,gloriously fluffy, bright and so easyto manage.Just (moisten a cloth with a little"Danderine" and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time; this magically removes all dirt, excess oil and greasse, but your hair is not left brittle,dry, stringy or faded, but charmingly soft, with glossy, golden gleamsand tender lights. The youthfulglints, tints and color are again inyour hair."Danderine" is a tonic-beautifier.Besides doubling the beauty of thehair at once, it checks dandruff andstops falling hair. Get delightfulDanderine for a few cents at anydrug or toilet counter and use it asa dressing and invigorator as told(adv)pPERIODIC BIIIOUS ATTACKSPersons subject to periodic biliousAttacks will observe that their appetite fails them juBt before an attack.That is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it is meal time. 1Jf ,they will eat only a light mealand no jmeat, then take two ofChamberlain's Tablets the attackmay be avoided.(feb-adv)QDDitto.The first recorded case of attemptedeconomy by a government official wasunfortunately a failure. It appears thatsomebody, whose duty it is to issue alloutgoing checks, attached his signatureto the first one of a batch and simplyput "ditto" on the remainder. LondonPunch.. oCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.(5 fcX 4t?Southern Optical Co,IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESInvisible Bifocal Lens:There are people who never havea movement of the bowels without itis produced by a cathartic. Most ofthem have brought that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremeant to relieve. A jmila laxativetonic like Chamberlain's Tablets affords a gentle movement of the bowels that you hardly realize has beenproduced by a medicine, and theiruse is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.(feb-adv). -oQualities of Precious Stones.Opals are in certain respects altogether peculiar among gem stones.Whereas other gems, such as the rubv.the emerald, and the sapphire, "owetheir colors to mineral elements bywhich the crystals are stained, thebrilliant tints of the. opal are due toits structure, ever so many minutecracks reflecting lights at differentangles from their edges. An amethystis quartz crystal of another variety,containing from 5 to 13 per cent ofwater.BOLWING GREEN, KY., February 23. "I'm wide awake and activeand really feel like working;fceejms as though I'm able to perform my duties with a new vimsince taking Trutona," C. W. Howerton, a well-known letter carrierhere, who lives at 106 Fourteenthstreet, said a few days ago."I hadn't been feeling well,, and Iwas afraid to 'lag along as 'flu' timewas drawing near." Mr. Howertonconlinued: "My digestion waspoor and although I slept well, mysleep didn't seem to be restful, as Iusually felt lifeless, tired and draggy. My liver and kidneys were notnormal either. I felt derowsy andsleepy most all day."After several of my neighborshad spoken to ime about Trutona Ifinally decided to try the medicine.As I just said, I can perform my duties with a new vim since takingTrutona. I'm wide awake and active and feel more like working, itseems. Trutona gave me quicker relief than any other tonic I 'haveever taken and because of the quickthorough benefits I have gainedthrough it I am glad to recommendthis medicine."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at Varden &Son's drug store.(adv)oClover Barometers.The ordinary clover and all its varieties, including shamrock, are barometers. When rain is coming the leavesshut together like the shells of anoyster. For a day or two before raincomes their stems swell to an appreciable extent, and Kitten so that the.leaves are borne more uprightly thanusual. This stem swelling when rain isexpected is a feature of many flowering grasses.oDOLLARS AND CENTSCounting it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man (may not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better if he did.It takes about ten days to get completely rid of a cold under the usualtreatment. That time can be muchshortened by taking Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and proper care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thisremedy in the house is a mightygood investment during the winterand spring months.(feb-adv)oWage Successful War on Pest.The worst enemy of the grape growers in California is a minute insectcalled the "thunder fly," because it appears in greatest numbers in hot andsultry weaiher, when thunder stormsare frequent. A man out there has invented a suction apparatus, with a tenhorsepower blower, that is placed onwheels and driven through the vineyards, harvesting the pests from thevines as it goes along. It is said towork very successfully.o4th & Chestnut StsLOUISVILLE, KY.I When vou jet.mMMImT In deference to the superstition"of the actors, most theatres have .nodressing-rooms numbered thirteen.tfasiiiuaggggJ-"""g"m'"g;:"gsg'"igs"yE5-B?S31,a.tii4i:iH.immiI The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like These1 bT fcnbbMtcbb tfH BBFrBBBBWBBBfc oajmm BBTBa&'HB&fJsllBBvj T, W. SPICER1 MAIN STREETA few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" brings relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach."Pape's Diapepsin" hy neutralizing the acidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souringand fermentation which causes theflatulence, fullness, or pain in stomach and intestines."Pape's Diapepsin" helps regulate disordered stomachs so favoriteioods can be eaten without causingdistress. Costs o little at drugstores. (adv)Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyK J1.--.cRoacls Seem Pressed Flat ByWonderful New Triplex SpringsTHE wonderful TriplexSprings of Overland 4 effect such a change in ridingcomfort that bad roads nowseem to ride like good roads.Overland 4 has the steadinessof larger cars of long wheelbase, with the light weight,ease of control and low fueland tire expense of 100-inchwheelbase.Equipment, including AutoLite starting and lighting andthree-speed transmission, ishigh class, in keeping with thegeneral character of the car.) DICKEESON & SONPhones 436 106-8 Tenth St..-- yThe Siamese, like the Chinese,wear their finger nails very long.The women sometimes have themtipped with silver.AetnaAvto.Combination PoliciesVProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiability .And OtherCasualtiesA.' J. FEEAGENTBRIGHTEREVENINGSAlt f H11Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4fFllBBBWBt'VIXIWest Fifh StreetXSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!P2iWith all the latest improve- nmpntsin larmrlrvarmlianepj I? an(i expert helpers we are jjWf prepared to do work inf e-cjk nor to none, ana soiieix xIIji your patronage.fryI The Bourbon Laundry ;XXBB1X!Paris, KentuckyIX!IHnAHKlJHiymI'lit!IIIMiJ,i,'lgiElggiagLigjfLA411f,m.nElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, gg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLMEREOPP. COURT HOUSE 1.TOBACCOCOTTONALL GRADESSEE US BEFOREYOU BUYTwin BrosDepartment Store.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.ulectricityfor LightingIt's the only satisfactory way.. use Setsfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity tnd Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IiotrHtatei)immmwkvI Spring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samps to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry. 'Our paintingNspeaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Home Phone 3S9(till July 1)PARIS, KENTUCKY,lHttrMmiTTMi III III IIIHII 111Send That Next Job of Printing to ThBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesV "HU-V- 4J- - c rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EENTOCKT " r :'TUESDAY FEBRUARY 24, 1920Xn"t.CTIMS5CUEDK- -sey, liver, bladder and uric acidtrebles are most dangerous be-,-.si of their insidious attacks.J-; ci tho first warning they givej.-.r.t hey need attention by talcingGOLD MEDAL$$& WPS j.tjglgsaeia.. world's standard remedy for thc33J.sarJtrs vll often ward off theso disex3" snd strengthen the body againstfurther a'.tacks. Three sizes, all druggists.:ic for llio nQCi Geld Medal on every Uozand accept uo imitationfas-Making Haste Slowly.There is something extremelycinating hi quickness; and most menare desirous of appearing quick. Thegreat rule for becoming so is by notattempting to appear quicker thanyou really are; by resolving to understand yourself and others, and to knowwhat you mean, and what they meanbefore you speak or answer. Everyman must submit to be slow before heis quick and insignificant before he Isimportant, Sydney Smith.It isn't as bad for a girl to be a;mere chicken as to be a gamechicken.STOMACH 0. K.!-Indigestion, Acidity, Sournessand Gases ended withPape's Diapepsin"Millions of people know that it isreedless to be bothered with indigestion, dyspepsia or a disorderedstomach. A few tablets of Pape'sDiapepsin neutralizes acidity andgive relief at once.When your meals don't fit andyou feel uncomfortable, when youbelch gases, acids or raise sour, undigested food. When you feel lumpsof indigestion pain, heartburn orheadache, from acidity, just eat atablet of Pape's Diapepsin and thestomach distress is gone.The cost is so little. The benefitsso great. You, too, will be a Diapepsin enthusiast afterwards.(adv)WITH FINGERS!CORNS LIFT OUTFreezone is magic! Corns andcalluses lift right off , f. Doesn't hurt a bitA few cents buys a tiny bottle ofthe magic Freezone at any drug store.Apply a fevdrops of Freezone upon atender, aching corn or a callus. Instantly that troublesome corn or callusstops hurting, then shortly you lift itout, root and all, without any pain,soreness or irritation. These little bottles of Freezone contain just enough torid the. feet of every hard corn, softcorn, corn between the toes and thecalluses on bottom of feet. So easy ISo simple- Why wait? No humbug.'Iiiit,liCk 39VsiiOB9HikMileCarrying a Ton afor less than a CentFreight rates have played a very small partin the rising cost of living.Other causes the waste of war, under-production,credit inflation have added dollarsto the cost of the necessities of life, whilefreight charges have added only cents.w -jgsftf .. i mlTMHiiHEimiiiiE fThe average charge for hauling a ton'of freight a mile is less than a centA suit of clothing that sold for $30before the war was carried 2,265miles by rail from Chicago to Los. Angeles for 16& cents. :,,Now the freight charge is 22 centsand the suit sells for $50.The cost of th suit has increased 30 dollar.The freight on it has increased only 5 cents.Other transportation charges enter into thecost of the finished article carrying the woolto the mills and the cloth to the tailors butthese other charges amount to bat a few centsxnoxe..fityiThe $10 pair of shoes that used tosell for $5 goes from the New Eng-' land factory to the Florida dealer for. a freight charge of 5 cents--onlyone cent more than the pre-war rate. 'v Beef pays only two-thirds of a centa pound freight from Chicago toNew York.American freight rates are tho low- .est in the world.(Jfiis advertisement is published by thedissociation ofSlailway executivesThe dvirrn, information oonm ths rmWi it1ion mvoUmi lUtrmhtr hy vrilinf to Tkt AftotUtHmi of MmlyJCmmm. 1 Bnojf, N York.n-iHIiP0MERE1TE WILL SUPPORT GOV.. COX POR PRESIDENTWASHINGTON, February 23.Senator Pomerene, Democrat, ofOhio, withdrew Wednesday nightfrom, the contest for the DemocraticPresidential nomination.He indicated that he would support Governor Cox's candidacy.Under the Ohio State primarylaws he said, a solid delegation wouldhe impossible, which, he said, virtually would mean both his defeat andthat of Governor Cox at the SanFrancisco convention."It is of more consequence that Ishall do the work for which I havebeen commissioned by the voters ofOhio when I was sent to the Senatethan to neglect them to seek newhonors," Senator Pomerene said in astatement addressed to the Democrats of Ohio. "I can not do-my fullduty in the Senate and give my timeand energies to the campaign for thePresidency."Under the present law, it is allbut impossible in a contested primaryfor any candidate, whoever he maybe, to get the solid delegation fromthe State, and for a candidate to gointo the National Convention with adivided delegation insures his defeat. "Again, a primary contest wouldbe carried on with vigor on both sidesand while it can be assumed that thecandidates would conduct the campaign in the best of spirit, much bitterness would arise among theirfriends and to such an extent as tojeopardize-the prospects of the partyat the ensuing-election. I have received too many honors at the handsof the Democratic party to allow myself to be the means either of dividing the party at home or splitting thedelegation so as practically to destroy the chances of bringing thenomination to an Ohio son. I therefore can not consent to be a candidate."lUfflftilWEAK BLOODRun Down and Listless ConditionMay Make You a TargetPor the "Plu" .Because Blood Is Probably ThinAt This Time of Danger, Take Pepto-Mangan It Builds Rich,Red Blood.No matter how we'll you usuallyare, if temporarily you're run down,you're a target for the inflenza.Contagion always gets listless people first. Whether they realize it ornot, their blood is thin and undernourished in no condition to fightoff the germs it meets everywhere.It is a wise precaution to take agood tonic at this time of dangersome well-known builder of red,vigorous blood, like Pepto-Mangan.And if you did not think of thisin time if you are now recoveringfvqm a fight with influenza yourblood will need help for weeks afteryou think the danger is past.Take no unnecessary chances.Get Pepto-Mangan and start takingit to-day. Pepto-Mangan is an effective blood builder that has hadthe endorsement of physicians foryears.Pepto-Mangan is sold by druggists in either liquid or tablet form,just as preferred, There is no difference in medicinal value. But besure you"' get the genuine Pepto-arrrov A sir for Gude'S PeUtOrManga-n and be sure thename is on jthe nackage, av)3D...nj . fm.- Li:, ci....dvuiiu iv uci rii!) ouctrc.Little five-year-old Willie 'was Invited to a birthday party. On his return home his mother was surprisedto see him lake two big pieces of cakeout of bis pocket. When asked for anexplanation Willie replied: "Mamma,I could not eat much because my stomach was full, so I brought some thingshome."-.1.A SpecialPurchaseOF-Men's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us .to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. tSeethem white our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIH, -Proprietor619 Main Street.1 v.-j-:v&- 3-S ( ,.-i ' ' :tr A? r::-3 wKlrHJHHHvr jit . j'-HGive Me aFriendly9AVt'tt" r-'- ,c ."54. . -i'-."btural Handshakean' a friendly natural tobacco. Keep yo' puton airs an' "sauced-up" tobaccos for the fellowthat likes nut sundaes better than home madepieSo says a friend of ours named Velvet Joe.And he just about hits the nail on the head.Velvet is made for men "who think there'sno smoke like real tobacco. If you are thatsort of man, listen:Velvet was born in old Kentucky, wheremore than one good thing comes from. It wasraised as carefully as any other Kentuckythoroughbred. But the real secret of Velvet'sfriendly qualities is its slow natural ageing in"wooden hogsheads. Ageing in the woodnever hurt anything and least of all, tobacco.And so we say, Velvet is good tobacconotching more or less. It runs second to inone."( The picture of the pipe on the tin needn'tkeep you from rolling a jim-dandy cigarettewith Velvet4lJ0Jr dstfrfytz.&'tt , -""I.4.it-.:-.'-.V. ... vI lLuiilL'Jl?,?;: III. .,"' t iBi hi VL VBi H ml stm 3lM9feHiMBWDI9;. . !':''?.. ' ."Ki.-'the friendlv tobaccoHeadquarters For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mixed feed; also white oats andfertilizer. Special prices in ton lots. sOfflct Opposite Paris Tobaccowart nousCumberland Phono M7Homo Phono 2S7iwiiiiimwitiiaii MMHH-meemmMmmmymmmwmwMMmamtmmmmmmkmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmm0mii'' ' imm its i. -j(-kkkkmmmMMmW6T&ij-r' If'CP8iFaRyajWvj(&THE OLDSTYIe -,, T T)iE KRYPToA IBIFOCAL ia. BTOCAL j f Mil1:saaiXHiX9SXs:-:eii:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentOTH PHOfS-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Cornor Frfth and Pf laiawt Strotts, Paris, KyJ .(Vf:tJ&SsT M?" - n-i' s15;': :, - 'VWx ;-AI' .. y "S ;'3S " fI;:DR. WM. R. FRANKLIN- i vVardtn's Dm Start.-Si :-: :: : uMm x : 3ks:c?i:V(:-.rV ''V.-v 'ysj.:;? ';L,' .V' V " -PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPLEASE READ!THF 41 AHA AMI! DADIi ADAMU II A A::. Adults 27c plus 3c war u:.... 30cM AL K"L I I J fk I WW m Bw v Bw I m II AllllllodlUiliChildren and .Gallery 18c plus' 2c war tax ...... 20cTODAY, TUESDAYALBERT RAYand ELINOR FAIRin "Tin Pan Alley"A drama of New Yerk's ''Latin Quarter" in which love is triumphant.WILLIAM DUNCANin the Last Episode of"SMASHING BARRIERS"Tomorrow, WednesdayVIVIAN MARTINin "His Official Wife"One of Vivian Martin's most delightfully appealing pictures.ADDED FEATURES"Topics of the Day"Bray Pictographand Prizma Color Picture"Kiddies"Thursday and Friday.DOUG. FAIRBANKSr-IN" In order that there majr be no, jmisunderstaBding as to the -serviceguarantee which we give to purchasers of the Overland cars, and in order that there be. no dissatisfaction with" reference to just wht' is in-"When the Clouds Boll By"We have come come to expect greatthings of Doug. Fairbanks: we sometimeswonder where he can get any more newideas from. Yet he comes along with apicture like this and simply carries us offour feet.li eluded in these guarantees, we respectfully request all purchasers toSiread .carefully the following Service Guarantee.Gregg'e Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EvenimicJr 17-feJ -" tX 1L C. A. ITRST SENIOR HEXATHLON EVENTSPlans aie being made at the Y. M.Ci A. for holding the first SeniorHexathlon jmeet on Wednesday,February 25, at 7:30 p. m. Theevents include the 60 yard potatorace, the 160 yard potato race, running highsecond and third places in eachevent.A trophy is awarded by the Y. M.C. A. International Committee tothe Y. M. C. A. in each division winning the highest number of points.The Bourbon County Association isin Class C and- is entitled to send inthe records of the, best sixvmen ineach event. The entry list closes'Tuesday, February 25, at 10 p. m.innrn. fitnnmnp- hmnjJump, 12-pound shot, put and tence I Entries should be made at the Y. Mvalut. The events are open to 1 A- DUliainS m e arisany Bourbon county citizens 18years old or over. Ribbons will beawarded the winners of the first,Marriage may be a safety pin, butit often come unhooked.REMEMBERThe Paris Child Who Has No Music inHis or Her HomeWe Want Two New Victrolas and250Weil Selected Records in the Paris PublicSchoolMATRIMONIAL.m .iA marriage license was issuedFriday afternoon from the office ofthe Fayette. County Clerk, at Lexington, to George Chester Spegal,farmer, and Miss Annie MabelJohnson, both of Paris.PRATHER HAMILTONThe jmarriage of Miss KathennePrather and Mr. Fiank Hamilton,took place recently at the Christianchinch parsonage in Little Rock,this county, the ceiemony being performed by Rev. Ward Russell, pastorof the church. The wedding waswitnessed by Miss Gladys May, ofCynthiana. and Thomas Prather, ofLittle Rock, brother of the bride.The bride is a young woman ofcharming personality, and is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Prather, of near North Middletown.The groom is a prosperous youngfarmer of near Carlisle, a son of Mr.and Mrs. W. J. Hamilton.1He Kryl OrchestraFrom the Red path LyceumHas been engaged for a concert at the High School Auditoriumon the evening ofFriday, February 27th, , at 8:15Here is your chance to invest 50 cents in a larger life forParis" children. Help us sell this concert to the largest audienceever attending a Lyceum attraction In Paris,LEE KIRKPATRICK, Superintendent.HUFFAKER JONES.Miss Caroline HufTaker, of nearNorth Middletown, and Mr. J. B.Jones, of Fayette county, were married at thev home of the bride's father, William Huffaker, near NorthMiddletown, by Rev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church. Only, the mem-1Ibers of the immediate families vernrpspnt .it the ceremony. Arter receiving congratulations and partak-.iing of a wedding dinner served atthe Huffaker home, Mr. and Mrs.Huffaker left for a short bridaltrip. They will reside at the homeof the groom, who is engaged infarming in Fayette county.oWONDERFUL CHANCE TO BUYTOOLS.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryannvi w mmSCSiSiE, j9emVPIK3? s r'IFi1PC??Q?Q(???QCQNEW AND 0L9LOVE SONGSThatEverybody LevesVVVVVVVpty&VQVVQVON , .SfftM8 -rv JRb.VNEW LOVE SONGS ...SfTOkuk. " """-Sweet KissesHawaii an LullAttend Sheeler's sale and buytools, as you will have nb place toborrow after sale. See advertisement. (ttH.ONE-FOURTH OFF, FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions of 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomfor Spring goods.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.(febl3-4t)BIRTHS.Have YouEnough ?Building MaterialAnd LaborPrices have -Goneup,Furniture andHousehold SuppliesCost more.You may haveHad enoughFire InsuranceTwo years ago, butHave youEnough now?JVe are stillWriting InsuranceAt the sameOld ratesThat prevailedBefore the War.Yerkes&PeedInsurance AgentsAt Farmers & Traders BankTHE SERVICE GUARANTEEOPDickerson & SonWe will, within a period of ninety days, free of charge for labor ormaterial, replace any parts found defective under the aforesaid standard Warranty which is set forth in the current catalogue. This narantee, it is expressly understood, does not cover the free replacement or installation of any parts made necessary by ordinary wear and tear, lackof lubrication, or parts failing by rtrson of abnormal use, and in particular does not cover such work as grinding valves, cleaning motor,taking up connecting rod bearings, c - woik of similar description, theresult of ordinary wear and tear, carelessness or improper use.Defect as to workmanship and material on tops, paint and upholstering, shall be referred by Di eke: son & Son to the Willys-Overland,Inc., for satisfactory adjustment. Accessories including tires, speedometers and storage batteries are guaranteed by their respective manufacturers. For a. period of ninety days from date of purchase all purchasingcustomers are requested to bring their cars in once a month, for free inspection; at which times we will carefully examine the condition of thecar and will (make all minor adjustments, free of charge, provided inmaking these adjustments our actual time consumed does not exceedthree hours; in the event that the condition of the car. requires morethan three hours labor, we will charge only for the excess time. Materials used in inspecting car, such as oil, gasoline, grease, etc., will becharged for at current prices.This guarantee is given with the distinct understanding thatwhether the work or repairs to be done or furnished free of charge onthe car comes within this Guarantee, is a matter to be determinedsolely by us.In conclusion we desire to state that it is our pleasure and intention to give each Overland owner courteous, fair and busines3-liketreatment, and we can assure our patrons that this will be given.B. R. Dicker30iiVvDICKERSON & SON, 'S. F. Griffin3C. B. DickersonV"IMPORTANT NOTICEWe lay particular emphasis on the statement that an Overland caris considered as haying been "altered" 'when any of its original partshave been replaced with others not made by us.r153JUi7 !Woaderfui Pal 't'tOn the Trail to Santa Ve . - 'I Never Knew '.-...I'm Like a Ship Without a SailRomany Where Love Runs WildArizona Iviona ...Your Eyc Have Told Me So -WeepingWillow LaneOLD LOVE SONGS2224222261222652200In Dayton, Ohio, to the wife ofJ. 31. Linville, formerly of Paris, adaughter, weight, 8 pounds.Near Pa'ris, to the wife of Geo.D. Beasley, a daughter, christenedSZetta' Elizabeth, their second child.Mrs. Beasley was formerly Miss Virginia Dotson, of near Paris.. abvymejx :r, I l"'l- - r - r I WlWSt '11Attend our February and Mai oh'Cash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oA REAL SPECIAL.r.Coaiin Tji ru the Rye ,The Wind's in the SouthRose in the BudKoniins: ,Robin AiairThe Moon HasAbove .RaisedT4iJLampOklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in oh this. special.(13-tf) . C. P. COOK & CO.oiloRELIGIOUS.'4t2K3NfcTJAnnie Laurie .Yc Banks and Braes o' Bonnie DoonSilver Thready Among the Gold - -1We've Been Chums for Fifty Years -JCone in and hear them today250092751340185?; ? vi4018'S1225004 .1 - Chiistian Church CalendarTuesday, 9-00 a. m., all-day sewine:jWqmen's Society; Tuesday,' 7:30 p.im., cnoir practice; Wednesday, 3:30p. m., prayer meeting; Friday, 7:30p. m., choir practice. ' ,oCOME EARLYrUvS1? if,i, wwinMNWiur ymjM rr9Brooks & SnappGoods are very scarce. .Attendjour Cash February and March Saleearly. Our sale is a real sale .20off legular prices. Can you get thisany place ele?THE J T.nHINTON CO.JJ. oAN EXCELLENT SAVING PR0F0-,SITI0N; EXCELS ANYTHING vC YOU CAN EIND.Don't TetMhe first of Maich slilby without having taken stockwith the People's Building and LoanAssociation. We have a saving proposition for small mvestois that:excels anything you can find elsewhere. x yCall at our office at People's Daposit Bank and Trust Co. and Uakea few shares.Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCE. SALE) f i wTRADE MARK RtC 0 S PAT OffThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider theadvance market prices.AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALFft"W MWLjSTSShoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99" Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to $7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.99Dark Tan English, Gun Metal and ViciKid, values to ( $8.50.' Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glazed Kid highNgrade boots, values to $8.o0. 4., ,Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray Kid Boots .reduced to $345Big lot Ladies' $5.00 Tan, Cloth Ton jLace Bootsreduced to $2,99Big lot Ladies' Kid Shoes, warm' lined, $3.00 values, at ,. . . .$T1 .99Another lot of Men's $4.50 Tan and 'Black Good Work Shoes at $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at I.$1,69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to $2,99Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoesreduced to $ 1 .OOBoys', Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00 Shoes at $1 .99Boys' and Youths' High GradeShoes, worth $5.50, at $3.4-9DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy, RcijnAiiifc)m xKiiimIDruggistsfl. W. WILDER. Presiddnt1 . i Ft W G-ALLOWAY, Secti.,u-(. ?y mT i iyn.&S& , iv vuV -if tf vi t fr-