C-V""''V V,,trU 4s'VJSt.'""&4,?THE&rnPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,&3-VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 29, 1920TT'BOURBON1 1 La WW W , & ? K-T . ..- '.. i r Jt iCITY COUNCIL PROCCEDINGSAt the recent meeting of the ParisCity Council, with Mayor E. B. January presiding, and a full Board,with one exception, present, considerate business of importance wastransacted. !'"!WBfOne of the principal and one ofthe most important matters onvhich decisive action was taken wasthe solution of the dust question,and the matter of qrdering oil forilie streets of Paris. The matterwas warmly argued pro and con, theadvocates of the measure finallycarrving their point. A carload of Ioil was oidered for immediate shipment, and an order was entered dir.cting the surface of Eighth streetyf t.: once prepared for the recep--r on.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.no"1Tc- norrow, Wednesday, June 30,v - rxed as the time limit for those-a ho Lad not paid their city licensesas required by the city ordinances,and after that date Chief of Policefrf ' Link was instructed to make:.rr-r? in the cases of all delinqmr.v. The Council revoked an ordr racing a license on all automobiles ;n the city used as pleasurea:r. r.nd ordered a refund made to?:i who had previously paid such.statement was filed fallowing thatthe city had collected the sum of125 for rent of the city lot for theLinh-john Carnival which was inpi ogress.The pioceeds of the sale of cityschool bonds aggregating $35,000.a cidered transferred to the CitySchool account, and a check for$10.C""0 was drawn in favor of theBourbon Lumber Co., in part payment for construction work on thenew High School addition to thebuilding. The account for the second quarter of the Paris Water Co.as ordered held up. Mayor Januar was authorized to borrow thesum of 10,000 for the general expenditure fund. The Sanitary Committee was given a-n extension oftime in which to report why theParis Water Co. had not properlyAltered the city water. After approving a number of accountsagainst tlm city and ordering theirpayment, the Council adjourned.BOURBON GUN CLUB HOSTS TOSHOOTERS.Tne case of the CommonwealthFifty-five of the eighty-two mem-! vs. Son Hawkins, charged withhers of the Bourbon Gun Club, j stealing goods from the store of 3.participated Friday afternoon in one'Rummans, in this city, resulted in aof the most successful "shoots" the I verdict of two years in the Frankfort Reformatory. George Davis,colored, was given sixty days injail on a charge of petit larceny.In the suit of the Mantle Lamp)Company vs. L. C. Terrill, a verdictwas rendered in favor of the defendant. In. the case of the Pine & CypressManufacturing Co., vs. the BourbonLumber Co., the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff in the sum of$39. In the case of the Common-Club has given, this being the thirdmeeting. About twenty-five spectators were present to witness thecontests.The highest score was made byBen Goff, of Winchester, who madea full number of twenty-five targets.. Other high scores were asfollows: Herndon, Georgetown, 24;W.ard, Georgetown, 23; Hisle, Lexington, 24; Alfred Clay, Austerlita,23; T. Porter Smith, Georgetown,17; Ray Taylor, Paris, 20; Harmon j wealth vs. Martin Webster, colored.Turner, Paris, 20; Volney FergtiMm. Centerville, 23; Robert Ferguson, Centerville, 20; Sam Clay, CaneRidge, 23; Clarence Kenney, Pari,20.The grounds are located in EastPans, where shooting at clay pigeon targets will form an interesting program regularly each Fridayafternoon. The tournaments willbegin at 1:30 and cbntinue until6:00 p. m. Trap-shooters residingin this county will be required tobecome members of the Ciub beforeThey can participate in any of theevents, while those from the surlounding counties are gladly welcomed to all the regular "snoots."'In the next issue THE NEWS willi publish a list of the members,eighty-two in number.FAITHFUL COLORED RETAINERCELEBRATES 83D BIRTHDAYWOOL WANTED.We are in the market forwool and will pay the highestmarket price. Call at our officefor sacks and twine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(apr30-tf)INSURANCE PAID.The local lodge Modern Woodiren, through Secretary H. C. Henfon. turned over yesterday to MissKatie Kain, as beneficiary, a checkfor $1,500, representing a policyarried in ihe oider by her deceasedbrother, Pat J. Kane.Sam Martin, for many years in theemploy of the late John T. Hinton,in this city, recently celebrated theeighty-third anniversary of hisconnection with the Hinton interests in this city. During practicallyall of this period, or until the advent of the motor-propelled vehicles,Martin had driven the hearse rorMr. Hinton, and later for his successors The J. T. Hinton Co. Hehas probably driven the bodies ofmore persons to the cemetery thanany living person m the State. Inall this time he has never experienced an accident. The first personto be buried in the Paris Cemeterywas driven to his last resting placeby Martin.Although in very feeble healthand unable to keep pace with theyounger generation Martin is stillon the payroll of The J. T. HintonCo. At the time of Mr. J. T. Hinton's death Martin was the oldestemploye, having been in his servicesince the day Mr. Hinton started inbusiness in Paris. He has a goodmemory and likes to talk of thehappenings and events of the earlydays of Paris.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan:$FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Have in StockALL NEEDS! ForHot Weather WearVoiles, Organdies, Ginghams andWash Skirtings of all kindsA Full Line of Wash DressesSwiss, Organdie, Voile andGinghamForest MillsNet UnderwearDove BrandMuslin UnderwearmNiagara BrandSilk UnderwearFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERScharged with petit larceny, Websterwas given forty-five days in jail.Citizens of Millersburg filed an injunction suit in the court late Friday afternoon against the BourbonCounty Board of Education, seekingro enjoin the purchase of the Millersburg Military Institute propertyfrom Col. C. M. Best, to be used asthe Bouibon Countj High School.It was alleged in the petition thatthe School Board is exceeding itsauthority in spending a larger partif its income than is allowed by law.The School Board bought the property for $40,000. Ihe petitionersweie represerted by Attorneys E.M. Dickson, Denis Dundon and JohnJ. Williams. The hearing will comeup to-day, hen Judge Stout willhear arguments in the FranklinCircuit Court.The June term of Court closedSaturday, after a snort session.Onny one conviction was renderedat this term, that of Junius Ayers,alias Son Hawkins, colored, whowas given five years in the Frankfort Itefoimalory on a charge ofhousebreaking. The grand jury fileda written report, returning nine indictments for various offenses.An important decision was handed down in the Bourbon XDirucilCourt, Saturday, by Judge Stout inthe cases of Julia Parsons and J. L.Sledd, plaintiffs, against Isaac andA. J. Roberts, defendants, in whichthe plaintiffs sought to set aside thesale of their interests m the estateof Mrs. Gabriella Crocker. Theyalleged that their interests werepurchased by the defendants for$1,000 each, and that the defendants misrepresented the. real valueof the estate, vhich is located inArkansas, and amounts to approximately $150,000. Judge Stout heldthe sale to be fraudulent and restored the plaintiffs to their rightsas distributees of the estate. Attorney O. T. Hinton, of Hinton,Bradley & Bradley, representingthe plaintiffs, recently went toAugusta, Arkansas, to take depsitions in these cases and expects togo there again in August to represent several of the heirs of Mrs.Crocker's estate in a v." 11 contest.COMMON WITCHHAZEL FINEFOR SORE EYES.It is surprising how quickly eyeinflammation is helped by commonwitch-hazel, camphor, hydrastis, etc.,and mixed in Lavopiik eye Avash.One elderly lady, who had beei.troubled with chronic eye inflammation for many years, was greatlyhelped in two days. We guaranteea small bottle of Lavoptik to helpANY CASE weak, strained or inflamed eyes. Alumini.m eye cupFREE.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.(adv). oBOURBON MAN HEADS COUNTYTAX COMMISSIONERSAt the meeting of County TaxCommissioners of the State, held inFrankfort, last week, Walter Clark,of Paris, Tax Commissioner ofBourbon county, was elected president of the State Association. Mr.Clark will hold office for the nexrtwo years. The vice-presidents andthe Executive Committee are to beelected annually. Those elected atlast week's meeting are as follows:Roy Stewart, McCracken county;Jean Snuff ett Gre'en county; W. P. Kellen, Henderson county; Curt Atkinson, Simpson .county;William Sharp, Mercer county; S.W. Bratly, Mason county; W. W.Overstreet, Jessamine county; Chester Boiling, Leslie county; CharlesKnaff, Lewis county; J. P. Hall,Johnson county; D. H. Crider, Hailan county.William White, Fayette county;Ernest King, Jefferson county; T.R. Jones, Calloway county; W. hi.Rogers, Todd county, and ThomasSpurrier. Grayson county, wereelected members of the ExecutiveCommittee.ROAD COMMISSIONERS MEET.At a meeting of the BourbonCounty Road Commissioners heldSaturday, a number of Paris andBourbon county business men andfarmers subscribed the sum of ($60,000 to the first Issue of Bourboncounty bridge and road bonds. Thesubscribers are as follows: A. B.Hancock, $10,000; E. F. Spears &Sons, $10,000; Sam Clay, $10,000;Henry S. Caywood, $5,000; W. D.Mclntyre, $5,000; James H. Thompson, $3,000; Bourbon Lumber Co.,$5,000; John T. Collins, $5,000;Caywood & McClintock, $2,500;James M. Caldwell, $2,000; Jos. W.Davis, $1,000; J. Frank Clay, $1,000; Warren Rogers, $1,000. Theremainder of the bonds will be soldto-morrow.The county recently voted a bondissue of $500,0000 for the purposeof carrying forward bridge and roadconstruction in the county. Beforeoffering the first installment of$100,000 for sale, a friendly suitwas brought in the Bourbon CircuitCourt, and the case was taken teThe Court of Appeals, where the validity of the bond issue was affirmed.Owing tc the condition of the moneymarket, Commissioner John T. Collins, who had been appointed to negotiate the sale of the bondb, wasinformed there was no market forthem. Accordingly Bourbon countycitizens decided to buy the bonds atpar and accrued interest in orderthat work on the county roadsmight continue uninterrupted. Thebonds bear five per cent, interest,payable semi-annually, and ae freefrom city, State and Governmenttaxes.FRIENDLY SUIT TO TESTCOMMISSIONERS' FEESTAXSuit will be filed in the FranklinCircuit Court by some member ofthe County Tax Commissioners' Association to determine whether ornot County Tax Commissionersshould be paid their fees on property listed by them which is exempted from taxation under thelaws cf the State. It is estimatedthis exempted property will average$500,000 to the county. In manyof the counties it will be muchmore running to approximately $1,000.000. A resolution endorsingthis suit was passed by the association in conference in Frankfort.The commifcsioners passed a resolution endorsing Ben Marshall forre-appointment as secretary of theState Tax Commission and thankingthe commission for the instructionst:nd courtesies received from it during tne conference.The session was brought to a close'vith an address by Ben Marshall on"Making Tax Book Allowing Exemptions" in which he explainedthe making up of the tax schedule.STATE MEETING EPWORTB!LEAGUE AT LEXINGTONWhat is exepcted to be the largest assembly of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League will openits eleventh annual meeting in Lexington this morning for a four-daysession. The conference sessionswill be held at the First MethodistEpiscopal Church South, on EastHigh street.Headed by President Dennis "V.Snapp, of Paris, the State cabinethas outlined a strong program andthere is every indication that theeleventh assembly will be the largest and most successful in the history of the organization.Among the speakers will be Dr.Elmer T. Clark, Nashville, formerwar coi respondent for some ofAmerica's largest daily newspapers;Rev. Ralph E. Nollner, Fort Worth,Tex., and Nashville, Tenn., assistantgeneral secretary of the EpworthLeague movement of the SouthernMethodist church; Miss Helen K.Boulware, San Jose, Cal., and Nashville, Tenn., superintendent ofjunior-intermediate work of theGeneral Epworth League Board;Miss Helen Kardy, Boykins, Va.,student secretary of the Woman'sMissionary Council; Hon. RobertE. Woods, of Louisville, and others.The following Paris people are onthe program: President Dennis V.Snapp, presiding; Wednesday morning: Bible Hour, address, "TheManhood of the Master," C. B. Harrison, general secretary of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A.; Mission Study Hour, Address, "MakingAmerica Safe," Rev. W. V. Cropper,secretary Missouri CentenaryConference; Special Music program,Friday evening, "Just As I Am,"(Huerter), Mrs. James B. Grinnell,Jr.THEDIFFERENCETHEN.NOW AMTo an old-timer the sight of tfclarge number of automobiles parktdaround the court house square aon the various side streets Saturday recalled the time of the loneago, when such a thing as an autowas unknown in or around Paris.Then it was the custom to bringold Dobbin hitched up to the familycarryall and come to town, wherethe family did their shopping anleft the outfit hitched to the oldiron railing around the court housalawn or left him to his owndevices. The old railing was a constant bone of contention betweenthe city and county, and many yerbal conflicts were precipitated bythe demands that it be remoyed.Now, our Bourbon county farmercomes to the city in his five, six orseven-passenger touring car, or justan ordinary Ford, as the case maybe, and hitches the machine on thecourt house square, while the family attend to their various personalduties with the merchants of Paris.Last Saturday the autos were sonumerous and parked so closely together that they barely had room,for the passage or traffic, vehicularor otherwise. Verily, times havechanged about the old town, andthings are not what they used tobe, whichwell.is, of course, all veryPICTURE PROGRAM ATGRAND AND ALAMOTHESEE WHATDQDSONSELL.HAS TO"Can't Sag" Gates,Good Enough for Anywhere.Cheap Enough To Use Anywhere.Premo Pig Meal,Makes Hogs From Pigs.Salvet, Best Stock Remedy.W. C. DODSON,(29-3t) Paris, Ky.BARGAINS IN HAMMOCKS.We have a few Couch Hammocks left in stock that canbe bought at a liberal discount Better call early.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(June29-tf).PHOENIX SILK HOSE.NEW TEACHER ELECTEDAt a meeting of the City Board ofEducation, Miss Edith Stivers,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Stivers, of Paris, was elected teacher in the Department of Sciencesand English in the Paris HighSchool. Miss Stivers is a graduateof the P. H. S., and of the University of Kentucky, receiving thebachelor degree at the latter institution in 1912. She later took postgraduate work in the University ofCincinnati. She was for four yearsa member of the Newport HighHigh School faculty, and later inthe Ashland High School.The Board ordered the establishment and equipment of a completeCommercial Department - for the3 920-1921 school term, and willemploy a full staff of competent instructors. fFORMER PARIS SOLDIER'S BODYTO BE RETURNEDMrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, of Paris,has received official notice from theWar Department at Washingtonthat the body of William MillerCasey, who made the supreme saclifice in France is en route to theUnited States. Mrs. Mcllvaine, whois grandmother of the young man,has made arrangements to have thebody interred in Battle Grove Cemetery, in Cynthiana.Young Casey was educated in theParis public schools. He was a sonof the late Mrs. Hattie McllvaineCasey, of Paris, and a grandson ofihe late John W. Mcllvaine. Hewas a member of Company K-Twenty-seventhInfantry, and waswounded in a battle overseas, dyingin an army service hospital, inEngland.oBARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADES.Porch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, reguiar$6.00 swings at$4.50; regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8.50. GenuineAerolux Porch Shades at 25percent off regular price.These are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER fURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)oFORMER PARISIAN INJUREDWill Sprake, a former resident ofParis, and a brother of O. T. Sprake,of this city, met with a painful accident near Cynthiana last week.'which will confine him to the Harrison Hospital for some time. Mr.Sprake was driving a horse hitchedto a spring wagon, when the animalbecame frightened at a passing automobile and broke the harness,throwing Sprake out of the wagon.He held to the horse, hoping tocontrol and stop him, and waskicked on the leg, two bonesbeing broken in the left leg,just below the knee. The accidentoccurred a mile from Cynthiana onthe Maysville pike. He was takento his home in Cynthiana, and laterremoved to the Harrison Hospital,where he was reported yesterday aslesting very comfortably.oWhen a man is '"too busy" to seea man- who has come out of the wayto "especially ree him, It is a prettygoo'd sign ttiat joor methods ratherthan "business detains him.In solidand ?1.30.colors and clocks $1.15J. W. DAVIS & COTo-day, Tuesday, June 29.George Welsh, in "A ManhattanKnight;" William Duncan, in "TheSilent Avenger," and Prizma Colorpicture. To-morrow, Wednesday, June 30,Marguerite Clarke, in in "A GirlNamed Mary;" tenth episode of"The Lost City;" Topics of ThDay.Thursday, July I -Billie Burke,in "Wanted. A Husband;" Sunshine Comedy and Vod-o-Vil.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand night.RIDDLE RELEASED TO UNITEDSTATES MARSHAL.Frank Riddell, employee of a localgarage, who was arrested some daysago and indicted in the recent termof Bourbon Circuit Court, on acharge of wrecking the automobileof James M. Caldwell, has been,turned over to the United States authorities. Chief of Police Link received atelegram from the United States?Iarshal for this district, statingthat he held a warrant for Riddellfor disciplinary action, and askedthat the prisoner be held here forhim. Riddell was taken to Coving-jton last night by a U. S. Deputyj Marshal.WE KNOW HOWWHATS A PICNICWITHOUT LUNCH?What's a Day in the Countryif You're Not Dressed CountryStyle, Which Means Easy StyloWe have country clothesfor every kind of sport, allmade to help the gamesuits that look good and feelgood."Clothes ForOuting WearGad-Aboutand Lounge-AboutThe styles you see mostlyat country clubs and swagger resorts. l You'll find themhere.IMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MEN4 ? -,-NT,v'rP it-: '46. &5.7 -fcf-?1,-JrS.$&.yi1X aiStfJf -V -. r ':.-.- - '- --.- ". J ' V "lr,Vl--vviV A '-,,PACK TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKttubsdat, jtjkx If, 19SflS I ' - -- 1 y.4sm1:1fIXTHE BOURBON NEWSWafcliiked 188139 Years of ContuLuous PublicationNdiiked Every Tuesday and Fridayw Tear. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Matered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of the'Second Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofr -mmy person, firm or corporationffhioh may appear in the columns of'THE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.COU'IMUPAND DOWN STAIRSOTO FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Assonit'tini hicaso Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Jauisville Stark-Lowman Co.Louisville Woman Is In FineHealth Now Is GratefulTo Tanlac.Dr. H. E. Rompel WillLecture at Chautauqua."Facing the Task" is the lecturewhich will be given at the RedpathChautauqua by Dr. Henry E. Rompel.Permanent patriotism, community cooperation, industrial responsibility,thorough Americanism and the philosophy of inspiration are some of theADVERTISING RATESDifiplay Advertisement, 1.00 pervsu5h for first time: 50 cents per inch7?aoh .subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach iesue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andv similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseoaeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedx'-to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political offices,-ust invariably be accompanied by&e cash.HANDLE PEOFITEERS ROUGHLY"It was five years ago," said Mrs.Mattie Martin, of 1710 Owen Street.Louisville, Ky., "that Tanlac restored my health and I am still feeling strong and well."Since that time Tanlac has beenthe favorite medicine with my family. We all take it occasionally andit keeps my children's cheeks redand rosy. In fact, Tanlac has beensuch a fine thing for us all that youmight call us a regular Tanlacfamily."I was in a neivous, run-down,condition and for six-moths before ibegan taking Tanlac I was so we?kI couldn't walk up and down thesteps. In fact, I was a completenervous wreck, couldn't sleep atnight and even the children playingaround would nearly drive me distracted. I had no appetite, and aofond as I am of certain kinds of vegetables I couldn't eat them, becausemy stomach was in such a bad condition. Nothing agreed with me andI felt so bad that life seemed hardlyworth living."But my troubles soon disappeared when I got Tanlac, and six bottles made me feel like a new person.It built me up and strengthened mefo I could do my work, somethingI had not been able to do in months,and I am just as strong and well today as one could ask to be. I sleepwell at night, eat anything I want,do all my cooking, irnoing, housecleaning and take care of my fourchildren without any trouble at all.Now when any of the family complains of feeling bad I start them onTanlac and it soon sets them right.I have found it a perfectly grandfamily medicine and I can sincerelyrecommend it to everyone, especiallythose who are suffering's I did$3jHiiRvARHYjKllBHHHHHHHpM:&DR. H. E.Th Soy Ban.The soy bean, almost "since its introduction into America, has been' exploited at different times as "coffeeberry," "coffee beanr" "new coffeeplant," "domestic coffee berry," and"new domestic coffee berry." For manyyears the soy benn 1ms been used toa slight extent in Kus-ope, especiallySwitzerland, as a substitute for coffee,hi Japan and son4,,vn Russia the soybean Is prepared as a coffee substituteand placed on the market. This product is ground very fine and has muchthe same appearance as coffee.Legitimate expense is what youspent yourself; corruption fund iswhat the other fellow spent.Notice to 9WeloM!fThere will be a meeting of thestockholders of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company,Incorporated, at the First NationalBank, in Paris, Ky., on July 17th,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., for the purpose of electingofficers for the ensuing year.C. C. CLARKE, President.D W. PEED, Manager.(15-td)Plants For SafeLate cabbage and tomato plantsin any quantity desired. Buy yourplants fresh from the bed, and yoursuccess is assured. One-half blockfrom cai line, 332 West Eighthstreet.(lS-4t) JOE LAVIN.For SaleROMPEL.great topics presented in this lecture.In his lecture this season, DoctorRompel has an important message because he is able to set forth with apeculiar vividness the reaction of thegreat mass of Americans upon theproblems of the hour.A 1917 five-passenger Chevrolettouring car, in good mechanical.-hape, four new tires, etra tire,new top, new fenders, bumper andpaint good. Price, $325 if sold atonce.O. T. GIBSON,At Citizens Garage.Both Phonts 294.Automobile Repair andMachine ShopOxy-Acetylene Welding. All workguaranteed.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)ATTENTIONOwing to my inability to secure astore to show my fine line of PlayerPianos, and Cabinet Talking Machines, am doing business at present at my sample room.Give me a call or phone and beconvinced of bargains. Severalused Pianos taken in exchange atcost. Cash or convenient terms maybe arranged. Latest music rolls andrecords for sale. Tuning 'and repairing done.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. . TemplemanPiano Company.(22june-tf)Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily Exceptsunaay, Tom rans to juuersburg and- Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40Arrive in CarlisleLeave Central Hotel . .Leave Feeback Hotel .I Arrive Millersburg . . .t Arrive Windsor HotelParisa.m.a.m..12:20 p.m..12:25 p.m..12:25 p.m.. 1:00 p.m.1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p.m.Arrive Millersburg 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p.m.Both Phones 204.Use them rough and they will be.good, is the sentiment of the peopleof the United States, who for the"past three years have been in thehands of the profiteers. If otherprofiteering corporations may betreated in the same manner as theUticaN. Y., clothing corporationswhich was? fined $55,000 for violations, taxes may be lighter for therest of us, who have had to pay theprice or go without. It is not,liowever, considered good logic forthe State to share in the plunder,although it bears the expense of theprosecution of the malefactors. Lawis queer stuff, an it is practiced.Law books read plainly,' but the"Interpretation is different. The peo-Tanlac is sold in Paris at thePeople's Pharmacy. .(adv)oNEGRO PASTOR HAS FONDNESSFOR "LAMBS"(Carlisle Dispatch in Majsville Independent) Refusal of Thomas J. Talley,negro pastor of the Bland StreetBaptist Church, to heed the admonition of the congregation not to"tarry with the ewe lambs," resulted in his wife, Mary L. Talley.seeking a divorce and filing her petition, a copy of a resolution shesaid was adopted by the congregation. The alleged misconduct onthe part of the pastor, was discoverTHIS RIGHTEOUS JUDGE UNDERSTANDS SOME THINGSpie do not understand the logic of d by "observing members" of thethe courts. In the opinion or tnepublic profiteering should be profiteered against until it becomes unprofitable, and the empty jails filledwith he predatory malefactors, until they, in the quiet of a prisoncell, discover that there Is something in life more to be desiredthr.n glittering gold; that robbingNhe people is a business for recognized bandits. and that when-caught in tlu grip of the law theywill be made to pay the penalites ofM.heir misdeeds, ust as any otherIbandits. These poisonous reptiles,that lie in wait for their prey,should get .no more mercythan they meet out to the victimsof their nefarious practices, and nomeasures will be too harsh to useIn suppressing a system of robberythat has become a national disgrace. o3THLDING UP A COUNTY TOWNEvery town or city or village has;a temperament of its own. Some-communities are quietly satisfiedwith what they have already at--t&ined. They live along" indolently.-and comfortably. Or if they desireadvancement, they are so busy andburdened with daily work, that theytind neither time nor thought toive to problems of development.Other communities, like many.people, are always reaching aheadinto the future. No matter if theyalready have achieved fine results,they see greater attainment farther-on. They dream and plan and workior some broader expansion and better advantages and facilities of living It is fair to say that Paris is-one of that type.When a town is ambitious for further development, 'it has its choiceof two kinds of aims to work for. It1 can strive for manufacturing industries, or it can place its principalreliance upon the resources of thenearby country and try to developthem, and it can promote intensivedevelopment of its own educationaland social advantages.The increased population that results from encouragement of manufacturing industries may not be able3to maintain the cultural advantagesof a "town at the previously existinglevel. So while some towns advanced in population and business.thty may lose in educational andresidential conditions.A good manufacturing industrymploying skilled labor is a benefit.to any town. Any movement for"rural progress will do well to consider the possibility of securing industries of that type. But its besriiope conns from providing the fa'cilities, the comforts, and the advantages of modern civilization, andfrom developing the natural resources of the locality.-o-What did the printer mean bymisquoting Bryan as saying: "Im-K "mortality is one of the greatestsources of harm in American life?"1 "Who has lived too long?. - oPhotographer in Los Angeles has"been given a medal. He snappedthe President without Mrs. Wilson- allowing in the foregroundcongregation not to "dally with thecarpet by the deacons. At the conclusion o the hearing the followingresolution wa-3 put in the minutesof the meeting, the wife said:"Whereas, Our beloved pastor hasbeen seen by several of the observing members of this congregationholding in his arms one of the ewelambs thereof, and"Whereas, He has sought to justiff v his action upon the Scriptures,raying that the Bible says it is perfectly proper for the shepherd ofthe flock to hold in his arms thelambs thereof;"Now. therefore, be.it lesolved, inorder to promote the best moral interests of this congregation, and thebpst interests of all kinds, whatsoever and wheresoever, that rhe nexttime he feels constrained to graba lanb he grab a ram lamb."oFAMOUS HUMORIST SIZES UPREPUBLICAN CANDIDATE(Hopkinsville New Era)Resting between national conventions, Irir. S. Cobb is spending afew days "back home" in Paducah.Delightfiilly interviewed by ElliottMitchell, of the Sun, at Dill Gilbert's coiner drug store, the famous humorist painted, warts andall, a vivid portrait of Warren Gamaliel Harding."Harding is a docile well-behaved,kindly soul who'll never rockthe boat," he declared. "He's acomposite picture of all th statesmen who ever lived and would dojustice to any wax figure manufacturer. He's really a very handsomestuffed shirt. To the roots of hishair be resembles Henry Clay, butthere the resemblance stops. If heever finds a good dandruff cure he'lllose his political standing. Whywas he nominated? Why.. becausehe looked like he ought to be, andhe's from a State that breeds a raceof men that look like statesmen andrun for President. He never hadan original thought in his life andwouldn't know what to do with oneif he had it until he had consultedPenrose. If he happened on to onehe would take it before his chiefand laying it at his feet would say,'I, too. have not been idle. Here isan IDEA. What shall I do with!t?"He is smart enough to keep hismouth shut and stupid enough trmake the dullest, most non-committalspeech a politician ever tried tomake. But he makes it with suchen air that it doesn't seem dull until you think it over and find thathe didn't say a thing."oTROUBLE IN DE LAND!The Winchester Water WorksCompany served notice on the Council that unless the water bills arepaid by July 5 it would cut off thecity hydrants. The Council orderedthe city attorney to take such actionin the matter as would prevent thecompany from cutting the wateroff. The refusal to pay the city billcame from the rates asked by theWater Works Company for thisyear, the contract foi the last yearjraving expirta.A supreme court jury in NewYork decided that William McCuewas not the "toughest kid in Hell'sKitchen" and awarded him $3,500damages against the Ptiissell SageFoundation and publisheis of abook entitled, "Boyhood and Lawlessness," in which his picture appeared over the caption.In asking $3,500 damages, theboy's complaint set. forth that in1914 a photographer appeared inHell's Kitchen disrrict where helived and 'took his picture on theground that he wanted "Boy Scoutpictures."McCue, who is now of age, saidhe was an alter boy in St. Ambrose'schurch at the time and has neverbeen arrested or charged with delinquency in any form.In denying a motion to set asidethe verdict, Justice Ford said:"There is not a scintilla of evidencethat he was tough at all, it is wicked libel."That is the great trouble withihese movements. They think thatwhere there is poveity there musLbe criminality. As a matter offact in those humble little hornetin the very i-'ection pictured willbe found more Christian piety, moredevotion to duty, more of the sterling qualities of humanity than willbe found in the mansions on FifthAvenue."These people from their heightof self conscious righteousness andsuperior excellence peer down onand discuss humble beings asthough they were so many cobblestones in the street, without anyregaid at all for their feelings ortheir rights in the community.". oCUT THIS OUT AND TAKE ITWITH YOU -A man often forgets the exactname of the article he wishes topurchase, and as a last resort takessomething else instead. This is always disappointing and unsatisfactory. The safe way is to cut thisout and take it with you so as tomake sure of getting Chamberlain'sTablets. You will find nothing quiteso satisfactory for constipation andindigestion.(june-adv)WEEDSMUST BE CUTHIGHWAYSALONGWeed sutting along the publichighways is due, according to thelaw, to begin on July 1st, andCounty. Road Engineer Bedford,who is busily engaged with thework of looking after the improvement of roads in this and otherparts of the county these days,states that there is no materialchange in the law governing thework, and it will continue as in former years.It is the duty of property ownersor managers of property abutting onthe public highway to cut away allweeds, brush, shrubbery, etc., and totrim awajr all overhanging branches of trees, thus making the roadway clear to travelers. The workhas been extensively observed informer j'ears, and the County Engineer anticipates no difficulty in having the law regarded this year despite the scarcity of labor. Theperiod for weed cutting extends until August 20.ivaianBsnnANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND, of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,with VIRGIL "TUCK"' Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.PUBLIC SALEOF2 Main Street Cottages!We, as agents for Miss Julia Edwards, will sell her two cottages, located-onSouth Main street, between Fourteenth 'and Boone streets, atpublic auction, onSaturday, July 3, 1 920,at 2:00 o'clock p. m. Sale positive, rain or shine.No. 1 has five rooms, large hall, front and back porches, cellar, lotSo ieet front, running through to railroad.No. 2 is a four room cottage, lqt 36 feet front, more or less, running back to railroad. Both have electric lights and gas, and we areready for connection with sanitary rewer system.TERMS Made known or day of saleHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.Cumber land Phone 450, Home 294.GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAXSIONE3R.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3m359U . !Valve-in-Head EfficiencyChampion Meanest Man.A peculiar case which recently camebefore a London magistrate was thatof a woman who applied for a separation from her husband, whom she denounced as the champion mean man ofall England. She complained that herhusband during the sugar famine kepthis supply in a separate bowl, in whichhe imprisoned a fly. If the fly wasstill there when he returned home nobody had tampered with his hoard; Ifit was not, a lump or two had beentaken.o -Colonel House says nobody can acense him of hanvmg quoted the jPresident.-. Nor of saying niuch else.VTHE Buick Valve-in-Head motor f:car is "just a head9' of the ortK- 'nary types "just a head" in the demands of buyers who know and1 appreciate Buick efficiency "just :ahead" in superior quality, designand workmanship, and in the confidence and preference of thousands ofr purchasers who have placed theirv faith in the performance of Buickproducts, and who are protecting theirfuture motoring pleasures and busi-ness interests by placing their orderswith Buick dealers for summer andx fall delivery' x :V.Ml K-44 . I1MS.00 UU K47 " 2400Mo4.1K . $16!.00 MmUIIM . $lt&MMcxi.1 K-44 . $2231.00 fe VUf . $2StfcMF. O. B. FUt, MUk, irPrices XmlM AwM UrniiB4t: v..t;When better automobiles are built, Buick will build themC.:.S. BallGoivrourth and Pleasant Sts,Garage x-i- -rj. --41 -r; a. f'- ';;-V-Vi4v"v f'v-- .s"V- &TUESDAY, JUNE 29, 1920THE BOURBON. NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCKYt' PAOTTHUDiK::IAuDONTITS' SJ A W.O" JfcBMir wr JS cC &c. .&Ef you are troubled with priins oraches; "fee! tired; have headache,indigestion, incomrJa; painful passage cf urine, you will fxnd relief inWALL? BsfiuMfL,The trorld's standard remedy for kidney,liver, blsdder and tiric acid troubles andNational Remedy cf Holland since 1G96.Three sicec, all druggists. Guaranteed.Lcok for llso name Cold Medal en every bs:t-nd tcccpt no imiUiticaMrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky,MEDICAL PROFESSOR SAYS CIGARETTES WOT HARMFULSpeaking before the closing session of the Ohio State Medical Association convention, Dr. .L. F. Barker, professor of clinical medicine atJohns Hopkins University, Baltimore, declared that cirgarette smoking is no worse for women than formen, "which is to say that it is nor.harmful, morally or physically, ifnot done to excess.""The cigarette is the mildestform of tobacco," he said. "One ortwo after mtals, not more than adozen a day, would not have aharmful effect. It is smoking to excess which causes all the trouble."Women who learn to smokonearly always en lei into the pleasure as they do into all pleasures, forall that it is worth. They learn toinhale and then smoke too much."Viced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesBE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)oDISTRIBUTION OF VICTORYMEDALS IS BEGUNSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Both PhonesFree DeliveryBRIGHTEREVENINGSW'm' it Cvk. M IDistribution of 4,765,000 Victorymedals to members of the Army,Navy and Marine Corps who werin the service between April C,1917. and November 11, 1918, hasbegun. In addition to the meda1.itself, the War Department has authorised the issuance of IS combator major operation clasps and a defensive sector clasp to be worn on.Ihe ribbon with the medal and fiveoverseas clasps for troops not entitled to the battle insignia.Among The major operationsclasp, the Meuse-Aigonne 'offensiveleads in point of numbers, departmental records showing 1,208,350men are entitled to this decorationthe St. Millie! drive is second withj 557,750, and the Ainse Marne battle third with 277,800.The first Victory medal was presented in February to PresidentWilson, as commander-in-chief ofthe nation's militaiy and navalforces,i oCYNTHIANA GAINS 254.The population of Cynthiana.Ky., -was announced Wednesday asX 8 5 7. The census figures show anincrease of 254 since 1910, or sevenper cent.oAtlas had a light load. Considerthe poor director making a picturewith two women stars. .Just HistorySUMMERSHOWINGIn '76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on, rHow time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.-OF-VOILE DRESSESGEORGETTE DRESSESand a most extraordinary showing of the latest styles inUCE HATSParis Gas & Electric Co.( Incorporated)Ray Hollis, of Cincinnati, is aguest of his father, W. H. Hollis,ear this city.Mr. and Mrs. Sidnev Ardery,Jr., have returned from a short visitto friends in Danville.Mrs. Frank P. Kieer is visitingher sister. Mrs. L. I. Smith, inBirmingham, Alabama.Mrs. Edward Turner has ,13guest at ler home near Paris, MissUna Varden, of Lexington.Eli Fisher has returned to hishome near Clintonville, after a visrlo his parents, in Louisville.Trr.TFralk R Kiser and J- SimmsWilson have returned from a business trip to .Minneapolis, Minn.Dr. W. C. Worthington, of Clintonville, has gone to Chicago. Hewas accompanied by his wife andchildren.Prof, and Mrs. J. M. McVeyand son, Paul, of Dayton, Ky., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Ter'ill, near Clintonville.Mrs. Anna Belle Wallace washostess Friday afternoon at herhome on Twelfth street to the members of her bridge club.Miss Lena Kemper Cooper hasconcluded a pleasant visit to relatives in Flemingsburg, and has returned to her home in this city.Mrs. R.. M. Hopkins and son,Robeit Hopkins, of Covington, areguests at the home of Mr. and MrsThomas Helm Clay, on Eighthstreet.Miss Blanche Lilleston willleave this week for Lake Chautauqua. New York, where she will takea special course rf instruction ini-chool work.Misses Elizabeth and RuthWheeler, daughters of Mr. and Mrs.E. M. Wheeler, are spending their isummer vacation in Indianapolis.Ind., with relatives.Superintendent J. A. Morrison,of ,the Louisville & Nashville, hasleturned from a two-weeks' vacation spent with friends and relatives in and near Louisville.Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson and little daughter are withMrs. Ferguson's parents, Mr. andMrs. Reuben Ford Offutt, in Georgetown, while Mr. Ferguson is on atrip in the South.Miss Nettie Pullen, formerly ofParis, and Miss Eleanor Lilby, ofShelbyville, both members of thsScience Hill Academy faculty atShelbyville, have gone to Californiato spend their summer vacation.Misses Marjorie Trisler, Elizabeth Gaitskill, Emily "Fithian andLillian Talbot t, of this city, aremembers of a house party being entertained in Nicholasville by MisSara Best.Mrs. Calvert Meng has returned lo her home near North Middletown from the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, where she haybeen a patient for several .weeks.She was accompanied by her nurse.Miss FriehaieVr I z M,---Mrs. Owen-L. Davis and mother, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, arat Graham Springs, near Harrods-burg, during the absence of Mr.Davis, -who is attending a conference of the Presbyterian TrainingSchool at Montreat, N. C.Mrs. Henry A. Power anddaughter, Mrs. Edward Prichard,entertained with an informal lawnparty last week at the iome of theformer in honor of Mrs. ClaraPoynter and Misses Poynter, ofShelbyville, who -were guests ofParis friends. A large number ofthe guests were former patrons orpupils of the Science Hill Academy,of which Mrs. Poynter is the principal. Delicious refreshments wereserved. The hostesses were assistedin entertaining their guests by Mrs.William Burchfield and Miss SaraPower.(Other Personals on Page 5)oGET BID OF YOU UNPROFITABLE HENS.M npHOSE indented grip spots, in. the " MiM U "" f-pjj i center of each cleat, are safeguards vsIf 111 U Vm 'P3 against side-slipping. In forward or 1 Wl Jll ' (r "" -jVJ backward motion the cleats take hold, f y $fM tt ""CB . like the cleats on an athlete's shoes, I j wffl? W Vmgc Thus the Ajax Cord is thoroughly 1 IW w : 'PA dependable. Study the cleated tread. fr I V iU ""Wm You can see why it holds. X H If if5C Big 4 Motor Co. f VI , V jA?m Phone 891 Eighth and High Streets 1 A ft JSr.ivwwwwww1fJrTrffliiirv ..rZ$Zs.&M'sisfflazrsynssofiA A . A"- A- A A-'.AA.'- A"B''ns'M r mm 'i'oh' V ,--, V .'....--T '''.JULMJUUUUUUUOUUUUUUI"DANDERINE"Stops Hair "Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.Attention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget Wc Are in the Market forYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge' if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyliSl OKgOifGreat American Pay"Nothing ButThe Truth"THE STORY OF 24 HOURSOF VERACITY-iON A WAGERComplete ProductionNew York CastRollicking Comedy Success6th NightRedpath ChautauquaJust One of IS Big AttractionSeason Ticket Only 2.75, Ph 10 TwIWEgaREPPaTH CHMJIASMMMExperience, has demonstrated thatit is possible to cull out the nonlaying hen, sell her and therebysave ' the feed she would consume,and at the same time secure practically as many eggs from the fowlsremaining:. Farmers are urged togo over their flocks of chickenssometime during August, September or October and cull out thehens tluit have already shed theirfeathers, as they are not the hensthat will lay the most eggs duringthe yeai. It has been found that asmany as 15 of the flock can beeliminated in this way and thefarmer will still get as many eggsfrom the remaining 85, in themeantime, save the feed that theseboarder hens would consume. Circular No. 74 has just been issuedby the College of Agriculture giving full particulars for this cullingwork. This circular can be securedby simply writing a post card to theCollege of Agriculture, Lexington.oSIGN OP POISON IN BLOOD.A few cents buys "DanderineAfter an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)MAKE YOUR GARDEN WORKThe farmer's garden should baihe richest piece of land on the:farm, as it is called upon to producemore than any other piece of land.This heavy production can only besecured by having a successionof crops, that is, as soon as one cropis matured, plant another one m usplace; or very often the second cropcan be planted between the rows cfthe first crop. Beets can be plantedbetween the ros of early radishes,sugar corn can be planted in theplace of early peas, and such planting of beans can be made at intervals cf two or three weeks' time.This will enable the .garden to produce its maximum number of crops.MMgssggigifsssiggTr;:"""?srs,3:?-iiaiaGASOLINE, RETAILERS HAVEHARD TIME COLLECTING TAXWhen one chooses to denounceone's enemy for proposing something, rather than commend one'sfriend for rejecting it, it is a signof poison in the blood. Such acourse is not only undignified, uncharitable, unnecessary, but extremely foolish, as tending to rallythe forces of the enemy without inany way encouraging oi strengthening the friend. Which is a thoughtprompted by the following: in theRepublican platform: "We condemnPresident Wilson for asking Congress to empower him to accept amandate for Armenia." It wouldhave, shown more decency to approve the action of Congress in rejecting the mandate, but the hatepoison was there. For av nationalpolitical party of America to betrayitself in this manner is .evidence ofsuch bi idled passion as must blurits better judgment and- render itincompetent to make prudent andright decisions in. delicate or gravoBecause serious difficulties havebeen encountered by retailers incollecting the tax, representativeso eighteen wholesale oil concernsin Kentucky will confer with Attorney General Charles I. Dawsonlelative to construing the .law toallow the wholesalers to collect theone cent a gallon tax on gasoline.Another point to be determined swhether foreign oil concerns doingbusiness in Kentucky are affectedby the law. Nearly $500,000 inrevenue is expected to be derivedfrom the law yearly for use in themaintenance and construction ofhighways.oSXBMHBJMM"X 'Salt!Use LiverpoolWill not harden in the barrel. Can be.had at either end of town. Sold byCollier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TabaccoWarehouseCumberlandHome Phone 2S7HillltlHIU A t -l-..-.-,....,!!!IV.-ftMS851I8;S.!gSlggHy555l5gSi;ggg-i;gg-g5gI5JlJg5IkHBESTREMEDY FORTROUBLE.STOMACH'"I am pleased to have the opportunity to say a good word "forChamberlain's Tablets," writesMrs. Mamie Bertel, of Moberly,Mo. "I think they are the bestremedy for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation I haveever used. I have taken them offand on for two or three years andthey always relieve indigestion,toneup the liver and make me feelfine."(june-adv): oA cucumber is a Ford- pickle witlAnd Now we are Mak:ing Contracts ForI i ill Mf. 'IfinMrFall.PaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL' WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourHouse from the winter weatherwithpjaint, Call us by phonefor appointment.KAME BROSHeme Phone 399sPAms, ktijcy-imm -In G -mt&Paris GbMttvqva Week July 6th to 13th31affairs.a' Cadillac body.-iv.-'X" -V-.,.&.-H,' tffPAGINGTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, JKBJfTOCKY -TUISDAY, JUNM al$2f'b;llWanted To RentWarehouse suitable for two trucksnd telephone construction material. PARIS HOME TELEPHONE ANDTELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated)(29-2t)Last Warning!Take NoticeThursday, July 1, 19203s the last day on which Citylicenses may he paid to avoid a fine.These licenses were due on May 1stand each day that they aie unpaidfrom that date constitutes a separate offense. I now have the "books:n my hands and am instructed bIhe city to collect . these bills.They must be paid befoie Thursdayor I will be compelled to issue warrants for all delinquents.FRED LINK,Chief of Police.TRAFFIC HEAVY ON L. &' N.Paris officials of the Louisville &Nashville report the freight trafficever this division ot the road to hefully equal to that of any othersimilar season. The traffic has beenrunning- at high tide for severalt RELIGIOUS. 1: :CHAUTAUQUA UNDER TEITT OH,CITY SCHOOOL LOT.weeks, with no apparent sign of aviaThe State AssemblyVof the Baptist Young Peoples' Union will bePESTSSuch as rats, mice, roaches,ants, flies and bedbugs can begotten rid of by using some ofthese preparations, which willdo the work and do it quick.$1,000 Rat Killer 35cRat Bis-Kit 25cRat-Nip 25cRough on Rats 25cRat-Snap 25cStearns Rat Paste 35cStrychnine, per bottle-. 50cArsenic, per ounce 10c$1,000 Roach Killer 35c$l,0j0Ant Bane 25cPeterman's Discovery 25cA. D. S. Bed Bug Killer.... 25c$1,000 Bed Bug Killer 20cEl Dampiro, per pkg 15clet-UD. Large shipments of fruitare coming in from the South, whilethe coal shipments are away abovethe average. Several trainloads ofpeaches, watermelons, canteloupesand other perishable freight, consigned to the local and Cincinnatimarkets, have passed daily over theroad. One train so loaded, made therun from Corbin to Covington a fewdays ago in eight hours. Train menare jubilant and busy full crewsbeing at work all the time.BARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADESPorch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, regular $6.00 swingsat $4.50;regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8 50. GenuineAerohix porch Shades at 25per cent off regular price.These are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER PURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)oCITY BORROWS FUNDS FOEP0R SEWER COMPLETIONA few months ago the bond issueof $60,000 to raise funds for building, the South Main street sanitarysewer system was voted upon favorably by citizens of Paris, the proposition carrying by a safe majority.The bonds were advertised andwere purchased by an Eastern firm.In anticipation of the returnsfrom the bond sale work was commenced an the sewer system, andhas now been practically two-thirdscompleted. Later on the purchasersof the bonds discovered a clericalerror in the wording, and refused topay for them. To pay for thebuilding of the sewer the city hasbeen compelled to use its reservefund, and to borrow funds from thelocal banks. It is said That anotherelection will have to be held beforethe bonding company will advancemoney on the bond issue.oHERE'S THE PLACE TO LOOKBEFORE YOU PURCHASELook at our John Deere Binder,j Mower and Raker, before you buy.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.(25june-2t)oin Georgetown, beginningR. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.June 30,. and continuing eight daysDelegates from all sections of theState will be present. One of theprincipal speakers will be Rev. Dr.W. B. Riley, pastor of the FirstMaptist church of Minneapolis.Minn.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, has returnedfrom San Angelo, Texas, where heconducted a very successful revivalmeeting in the First Baptist church,resulting in a total of ninety-six additions and eighty-five professions.Rev. Fox filled his pulpit at theParis church Sunday morning,speaking on the subject, "Visions ofGod," and at the evening service on"God's Greatest Possible Blessings.'The twenty-fifth anniversary ofhis ordination into the priesthoodwas impressively celebrated in Lexington Sunday morning arid nightby Rev. Father Hubert de Waegencere, pastor of St. Paul's Catholicchurch, in that city. The serviceswere of an unusually impressive order. The church was filled to itsutmost capacity at both services.Very Reverend Frank Kearney, ofthe Dominican Order, delivered thejubilee address. A feature .of theoccasion was a guard of honor, composed of Fourth Degiee Knights ofColumbus, among whom were Bernard Santen and James Kelley, ofParis. Jubilee souvenirs were givento the members of the congregation,comprising the Jubilee announcement, pictures of Father de Waegenaere, and sketch of his life work,and a program of the Jubilee exercises. TAX PAYERS NOTICETax payers are hereby notified that our office in thecourt house will be open forbusiness July 1 st. Call andgive in your list early. Don'tdelay and be compelled to paya penalty, which is $50.00.If you are sick, notify us andwe will call on you.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.rjune29-tf)Numerous inquiries have beenmade of THE NEWS as to where thecoming Redpath Chautauqua wouldbe held in this city, the impressionhaving gotten out in some quarter 3that a part of the program would begiven in the Grand Opera House.THE NEWS learned yesterday thatthe programs will be given under abig tent in the Paris City Schoollot. Every provision will be madeto insure the comfort of all attending, and there will be plenty ofseats for all. A commodious stagewill be erected and everything doneto make the Chautauqua one of themost enjoyable that has ever beenheld in Paris.WantedNEV AUTO OWNERS.The Mid-State Motor Co., ' ofLexington, sold last week to G. V.Shipp, of Clintonville, a Monroetouring car.To purchase 100 shoats, weightfrom sixty to one hundred pounds.W. S. HAGGARD,Cumberland Phone 948 Paris, Ky.Home Phone 395.(29-2t-pd)EstrayedOne bay mare and one black marestrayed from farm on Winchesterpike, Saturday, June 26th. Suitablereward for information leading torecovery.W. H. WHITLEY,(29-tf) " Paris, Ky.Auction Sale!Saturday, July 3, at 2 p. m., on the Premises,on Cypress Street.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSsWantedHay to cut on shares.Telephone 919. (It)Ford Coupe For Sale.Late model Ford Coupe, electricstartei . rlemnuntnhlp Hinu eTinnb-, . .ixn, """.absorber, fine condition, price $600. jWM. MERRINGER,lt-pd) 1438 Main Street.Coffield Tire ProtectorsThe handsome, home of Dr. S. P.Mohnev. located otj f!vnress strppfORDER RASPBERRIES NOW , was offered at public sale SaturdayTHEY ARE GOING TO BE ! afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, by theSCARCE. i Paris Realty Co. and H. L. Mitchelll& Son, with T. Porter Smith, ofPlace your order for Raspberries Georgetown, as auctioneer. Severalnow if you want anv, as they will bidders were present, the offeringbe scarce. Orders filled as received, being run up to $7,000, and with(lt) "C. P. COOK & CO. drawn at that price.Contain no fabric, but are madefrom pure high-grade elastic rubber, made in a continuous band.They fit snugly in the tire requiringno cement. They do net creep orheat the tire.Letter No. 6 Prom the MartinOtto Co., Hudsonville. Mich.:"Eight months ago we equipped aFord truck with a complete set ofCoffield Tire Protectors. Up to thepresent time we have obtained overeleven thousand miles from thetires and they -tare still going. Wehave on three or four occasions pulled out ten penny nails which wereclinched in almost a letter "S"shape, being resisted by the protectors. As to tacks and nails wejust pull them out and keep going.Eight months without a puncturehas been our experience with theprotectors. They have paid forThemselves at -least twice over inextra mileage in this one set oftires."Why worry with tire troubleswhen ColTield Tire Protectors returnihe first-cost many times over?H. J. GROSCHE,On account of Mr. H. P. Perry deciding to remain in Lexington,he has instructed us to sell that beautiful cottage known as the Roy $.Clendenin home, which is without doubt the prettiest location in Paris.The lot fronts 93feet on Cypress street and runs back 525 feet, makinabout 1V& acres of land. The home is one of the best built in the city,with six large, airy rooms, hall, furnace, modern in all respects finestone foundation, basement, good cistern, double garage and plenty ofshade trees. This will be a positive sale and no by-bidding or shootingat the moon. A clear cut sale.We are going to give away absolutely free ? 2 5.00 in gold orgreenbacks to the one guessing nearest to -what the property brings,and will be distributed as follows: $10.00 to the .nearest guess; $5.00to the next nearest guess, $2.50 each to next two nearest, and Sl.Ofi-ach to next five nearest. Remember you must be on the ground at khetime of sale and remain until the?sale is over.We want to emphasize that there, will be -no by-bidding on thiproperty, but we do reserve the right to reject any bid and we in sodoing will give check for $100.00 to such bidder, so if your efforts tohelp us sell are in vain, you will be rewarded and so the by-standersnd boosters who attend this sale will receive $25.00 5n gold if theplace does sell. So you see all who attend will share in this salewill receive $25.00 in gold if the place does sell. So you see all whoattend will share in this sale whether property sells or not.For inspection, callPARIS REALTY CO., OR H. L. MITCHELL & SON.Auctioneers, Col. M. F. Kenney.- Col. W. E. Mitchell.Cumb. 'Phone 894.Notice To Our PatronsEffective as of July 1, 1920, Interurban rateswill be as follows:Minimum two mile zone, 7c; other fares 3cper mile or fraction thereof.Through Fares BetweenLexington and Versailles 42cLexington and Frankfort 84cVersailles and Frankfort 45cLexington and Paris 54cLexington and Georgetown 39cLexington and Nicholasville 39cKentucky Traction and Terminal Co.2iThousands of people have been taking advantage of Simon's Going Out of Business Sale. The sales of the last fewweeks is evidence enough of the large amount of satisfied customers. Our surplus stocks are being displayed daily.The prices are so that all are sure to be satisfied.Just Read Our Prices and See if You Can Resist ThemPercale II m . n i . . . , '.wnue uooas at iioing-uut-or-DusmessPrices. Read Them Carefully.36-inch Percale, 65c quality, going out of 07 qabusiness price O 4 -SiJ CVoiles at Closing Out Prices98c quality for..$1.25 Quality for$1.50 quality for.$1.75 kind for,...73c...93c$1,19$1.29Motor Cloth at Very Low PricesOne lot of motor cloth, worth $1.00, at 69cOne lot of $1.25 motor cloth, closing out price 89cWaists at Sacrifice Prices.We still have Georgette Waists, values up to$8.50, at $4.98One small lot of 50 and 60c white goods, to closethem out, at 37cOne large lot of white goods, positively dollarquality, for quick sale, at 73cOne small lot of $1.25 and $1.50 white goods, toclose out at 97cOne small lot of dress ginghams, 40 and 50c quality, going out of business sale, per yd 29 c75c madras at.59cReadyto-Wear and Millinery Department One lot of taffeta dresses, $35.00 value at . ... $ 1 9,75One lot of sport coats at $ 1 9.75A small lot of coat suits at . $ 1 1 ;75Silks and Crepe de Chenes at GreatlyReduced PricesAll of our Crepe de Chenes in almost every shade,sold for $3.50 per yard, going out of businesssale at $ -f .98One lot of taffetas-, values up to $3.50, in thisevent $1.98One lot of children's sox, almost every color, at 1 9cOne small lot at 23cOne lot of 50c children's sox reduced to 37cOne lot of ladies' 35c hose, in black, cream andwhite, pair 23cOne lot silk hose at per pair 39cOne lot of $2.00 hose at $1.39One lot of ladies' $3.50 hose at our goingout of business sale at $ 1 .98One lot of Warner Bros, make Corsets at half price.Come with the expectation of getting more than your money's worth and we know you will not be disappointedHarry?' ,i - ' ' .- -vi Wj.tr.,- J"1 --- ' J." ' -'-" . JV- "w - .- ??&: f ;" .':1 -i U - '- i. - - .- . .J.JiA . , ffPL .. tl . . W ,. ..A a, .-,. ... 31. fc. i.. . t JL. . . 3 A & & -Simonv-.'aI'0. VV , -J TZ. i.""".'' , t? ''v '4JT- -aAv, ; -sy" --f' J-?jTUESDAY, JUNE 29, 1920THE fiOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KBNTUCRT'& ' v. f- -"- '.Wfc - .-.-' " - ' "" "Cillj0wnSfa4FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEDEMOCRATIC CONVENTION BULLETINS. Watch the bulletin board in frontof THE NEWS office for proceedingsof the National Democratic Convention, which convened in San Francisco, Cali., yesterday. Receivedas often as anything important develops! A REDUCTION IN COLLARSArrow Starched Collars, now 25c,26 styles to' choose from.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oDAINTIES RECEIVED DAILYFresh beaten biscuits receiveddaily, 20 cents per dozen.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oSTREET IMPROVEMENTSThe present stretch of goodweather is a great help to the contractors engaged in resurfacingPleasant street from Seventh to Second, wilh concrete. The work ofscarifying has proceeded rapidly,and when finished, the resurfacingand concreting will follow, in dueorder. The contractors are makingevery effort to hurry the wontalong.PARIS MAN ITNED IN LEXINGTON COURT.J. L. Todd, of Bourbon county,was lined $15 and costs in JusticeCharles M. Parrish's Court, in Lexington, on a charge of exceeding tbespeed limit on the Paris pike. Hewas cited to appear in court byCounty Motorcycle Policeman FrankHall. Todd paid the fine withoutthe case going to trial.-o-A NEW PROBLEM.Paris druggists and others whyhandle various brands of chewinggum may soon be confronted by avexing problem, which may givethem some concern. Under a recenruling chewing gum that claims tobe good for the digestion or for thethroat comes under the Governmentheading of patent medicines, and istherefore liable for an extra pennylax.oREAD THE PARTICULARS ABOUTCLENDENIN RESIDENCE SALESee display advertisement in another column for particulars aboutthe sale of 1he Hoy F. Clendeninpropertv on Saturday, July 3.PARIS REALTY CO, orH. L. MITCHELL & SON.COMPLIMENTS PARIS MAN.The Stanford Interior Journalpublishes the following complimentary reference to a well-knownParis business man: "Mr. W. F.Lee, of Paris, was in the city thisweek and paid this office a call. Mr.Lee married in this county manyyears ago, his wife being a MissBaugh, of the Southern End. Heras lived in several States since heleft Lincoln county, but it mattersnot where he is he always feels adesire to come back 'home,' he says,lie is in the lumber business and 13doing well, we are glad to say."HTTELEJOHN CARNIVAL CO.GOES TO BIG STONE GAP.The kittle john Carnival (nowfamiliarly known as "The Workingman's Chautauqua)' concludeda very successful weeks' engagement in this city Saturday night.During the week the grounds werecrowded each night. The attendancewas far above the- ordinary, showing that a clean, orderly and popular anvisement enterprise like theLittlejohn carnival, is bound to receive the approval of the people.The Carnival Co. left Sunday nightfor Big Stone Gap. Va., to fill aweek's engagement. - - I mBARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND, SHADESPorch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediacy, regular $6.00 swings at$4.50; regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8.50. GenuineAerolux Porch Shades at 25per cent off regular price.These are real bargains.C. M. WHEELER f URNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-t)BLACKBERRIES OK MARKETLuscious blackberries, the first ofme season, nave ayycuicuParis market, retailing at fifty centper quart. The supply at Pentcomes froni the South, where theseason is hiore advanced, but betor-.very long the Nicholas county product will be on the market. Dealers predict there will be penJiblackberries from Central Kentucky this year. .The fields and roads in Bourbonand surrounding counties have beenlined with the white blooms, andihe local picking should be gooa.Prices at present are about the samea they were last year. The highprice of sugar and the scarcity ofthat article may play n importantDart in determining the 4?of fruit canned anapreeerved thisyear by housekeepers. ' -SOCIAL AJlD PERSONAL.Comings and' Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mrs. J. w. Maupin, of Richmond, is a guest of friends and relauvesin this city.Miss Sue Boardman is in Minneapolis Minn., attending the National Convention of the Alpha XDelta fraternity.Miss PrincMn. fininoe nr thtie Rock Graded School faculty, hasgone to Harriman and Lenoir City,enn., to visit relatives.T,. and Mrs- w- E- Simms andi Jf x??iZabeth Simms' Airdrie;left Friday for San Francisco, wherethey will sail for Honolulu.Mrs. Earl Curtis and two children have returned to their home inthis city after a visit to her sister,Mrs. George L. Cleveland, in Nicholasville. xi7?rIrsA W- V CoPer, wife of Rev.J' CoPer' ot Paris, is a patientin the Xenia, Ohio Hospital, wjiereshe recently underwent a seriousoperation.Mrs. B. C. Higgins has returned from Lexington, where she spentseveral days the past week as guestof her nieces, the Misses McLaughlin and Mrs. Auval Baker.Evangelist J. T. Brown, of Louisville, was the guest of his brother,J. W. Brown, from Saturday untilMonday. Rev. Brown preached atihe Christian church Sunday night.Air. and Mrs. E. P. Clark entertained at their home on SouthMain street, recently, in honor ofMr. and Mrs. Arthur Seitz, of Corbin, who were recently married inthat city.Miss Martha Talbott, of Paris,is a member of a houseparty beingentertained by Miss Kellogg, inRichmond. A dance was given intheir honor by the young men ofRichmond, last week.Charles Mattox, son of B. T.Mattcx, of near Paris, is criticallyill at his home. Mr. Mattox enlisted recently in the U. S. Armyservice and was taken suddenly iilafter his second drill.Miss Lucille Rosenberg entertaind with a pictiue parry in Winchester for Miss Elizabeth Prewitt,of Millersburg, and Miss ElizabethHanson, of Lexington, sruests ofMiss Nancy Allen.A dance will be given at the LPark Hotel, at Torrent, on theevening of Thursday, July 1. Musicfor the dancers will be furnished bya Lexington orchestra. Severalfrom this city will attend.J. Harvey Hibler, who hasbeen residing at the home of hissister, the late Mrs. Emily Parker,in this city, has gone to Midway, tomake his home in the future withhis sister, Mrs. R. S. Starks.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Potts anddaughter, Miss Carolyn, have arrived from Williamson, West Virginia,to spend a few days here with Mrs.Potts' parents, Mr. and Mrs. Geo.Duvall, on Lilleston Avenue.Rev C. H. Greer and DennisV. Snapp left .Monday for Louisville to attend a meeting of theBoard of Managers for the Kavan align Training School to be heldat Crestwood, Ky., July 20-26.Mrs. Samuel Biggs and sons,Samuel and George Biggs, have returned to their home in Huntington, W. Va.. after a visit to Mrsf.Biggs' mother. Mrs. Edward B.Hedges, and other relatives in thiscity.Mrs P. H. Molloy, of Lexington, has gone to Philadelphia tovisit her sister. Mrs. Frank Stevenson. She will be joined there beMiss Anne Molloy, who is a studentof .Smith College, Northampton.Mass., and they will return hometogether.Winchester Sun: "Misses Annete Cole, Helen Thompson, Geraldine Bulson, Clara Bell Thompsonand Mrs. Cecil Haggard were theguests of Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherland, in Paris, Friday. . .Miss HelenRoberts, of Paris, arrived Saturdayfor a visit to Miss Elizabeth Insko."Junior Department children ofthe Christian church Sunday schoolwere entertained Friday afternoonwith a delightful picnic in a woodland on the Lexington pike, neartfiis city. Games were enjoyed andthe picnic dinner served the littleones was of the most bountiful.Mrs. Clara M. Poynter anddaughters, Misses Juliet and Har-riet Poynter, of Shelbyville, areguests of friends in and near Paris.Mrs. Poynter and Miss HarrietPoynter are guests of Mrs. C.O. Hinton, and Miss Juliet Poynterjs a guest at the home of Miss Harriet .Rogers, near Paris.Geo. Faulconer, of Paris, hasreturned from Blue Ridge, N. C,where he attended the annual Y.M. C. Conference for Students orthe South, as one of the representatives from Transylvania College.Six hundred and forty delegates attended the conference, the "Kentuckydelegation numbering thirty-five.Misses Elizabeth Snapp andMariam Galloway will represent theParis Epworth League Chapter atthe annual League Conferencewhich convenes in Lexington, Tuesday. Mrs. Jennie Hornback and.-. cj: ?,.iut will fittpnd andJU1S5 Bituia a- u "" - -take the course ot stuay on apwuuuLeague Methods. N Many othersfrom Paris are planning to attend.nn,nnolinrn Tnmiirfir! "MiSSMarion Herr will entertain with adance at the Kuaa, irriaay eveum&,July 2, in honor of her house guests,who will arrive Thursday, July 1,Miss Kathryn Mecklin, Butler. Pa.;Miss Juliet Turner, Paris; MissFlorence Cannon, Midway; MissMary Frances Wilson, Lexington;Valter Kenney, Paris, and HarmonTurner, Paris."Edward F. Simms, of Beaumont, Texas, who has been in theState several days attending to bus-iness matters, was a gue&L iai.of relatives in this city and county.Mr Simms paid a visit of inspectionto his country estate. Xalapa Farm,near Paris, and to other points mthe Jcounty. Prince Palestine,, fori . - cinivnc ' enmo - time aopaid $250,000,, will be; shipped nextmonth from England o the XalapaFarm.Mrs. Earl Brown, of Paducah,was the week-end guest of Mrs.Walter Payne.Miss Bess Perkins, of Lexington, has returned home after a visit,to Miss Nellie Mitchell.Mrs. George Williams Clay hasissued invitations for tea for Thursday end Friday afternoons.R. P. Hopkins, Wm. Kissickand daughter, Mrs. Thos. Saunders,of near Paris, are at DawsonSprings.Mrsj. Roger Burris and daughter, Miss Elizabeth, have returnedfrom a ten -days sojourn at Dawson Springs.Mrs. Margaret Letton, of nearParis, is a guest of Miss Mary D.VanDeren, at her home on the Richmond pike, near Lexington.Miss Augusta Glass, daughterof Senator and Mrs. Carter Glass, ofWashington City, and Lynchburg.Virginia, is the guest of Mrs. SwiftChamp.Mrs. J. W. Bacon has as guestsat her home on Cypress street, hermother and sister, Mrs. Henry W.Behrman, and Miss Augusta Behrman, of Newport.Mrs. Charles Miles McKinlaywill return to her home in NewJersey to-day after several weeks'visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.VolneyW. Ferguson, near Paris.Mrs. James H. Thompson willentertain for Miss Augusta Glass,guest of Mrs. Swift Champ, Wednesday, at Woodlawn Villa, herhome on the Lexington pike, nearParis.The following invitations havebeen issued: "Mrs. Charles Balland Mrs. Charlena Ball, to meetMiss Adams, Saturday, July third,from three to six, p. m. -MapleShade, Paris, Ky."Dr. Martha Petree has as guestat her home in this city her brother,Attorney Frank Petree, and Mrs.Petree, of St. Joseph, Mo. Mr. andMrs. Petree made the trip from St.Joseph to Paris in their automobile.Dr. J. A. Sioeckinger had asguest Sunday Dr. J. C. Hart, internein the Louisville City Hospital. Dr.Hart, it was said, had under consideration a proposition to locate atClintonville in the practice of hi?.profession.Dr. Marmaduke Brown, ofCincinnati, will arrive to-morrowfor a "hort visit to his father, Dr.J. T. Brown, before leaving for NewYork to make his future home,where he has accepted a lucrativeposition in one of the large hospitalsin that city.Misses Mary Fithian Hurehcraft, Helen Hutchcraft, Mrs. BirdieClay Webb, Miss Susie Clay andMrs. John Lair, of Paris, wereamong the out-of-town guests whoattended the reception given inCynthiana by Mrs. James ThomasWilson and Mrs. Frank Lebus.About two hundred guests werepresent to partake of the hostesses'h'ospitality.(Other Personals on Page 3)PARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESPractically every teacher in theParis City School will be in someeducational institution this summer. This shows a splendid progressive spirit among the teachersin the City School.With the opening of the fall termthe addition to the building will becompleted and completely furnished. The two grades that have beenreporting in the afternoon will havemorning sessions. With the new enthusiasm that will come into theschool on account of summer schoolstudy of the teachers, and with thehew building completed and thegrounds clean and beautiful, whichhave been torn up so long on account of the construction work, weare all looking forward to a greatyear next year.The office of the Paris HighSchool will be open next week everyday from 3 0:00 to 12:00, in themorning, and from 2:00 to 4:00 inthe afternoon. If any parent or student desires to know anythingabout the school for the next year Ishall be glad to have them call during these hours.LEE KIRKPATR1CK, Supt.READ SIMONS' ADD.See fourth page of to-day's issuefor the Simon Department Store'sdisplay advertisement. Some rarebargains av ill he set forth. Seepage four in to-day's NEWSoNATURAL BRIDGE EXCURSIONThe- first Sunday excursion fromCincinnati to Natural Bridge viaParis over the L. & N.f was wellpatronized. A double-header train!of fourteen coaches carried the excursionists to the Bridge, whereihey spent the time sight-seeing and"communing with Nature." Seven!stopped over in Paris to spend theday with friends and relatives.NowRedpathChautauquaThe 100Program7 BIG 7Victim Days ftilPARIS CHATJTAUairA WEEK," :JULY 6TH TO 13TH,I rGet Your Ticket!THot Weather$18.00to$35.00A B.PALM eEACHES,MQHAf RS, DIXIE WEAVES, TROPICAL WORSTEDSIf you'll come in and buy one of our summer suits you are suro to find comfort this hot weather. Young men ivill find nobby styles in newest colorings andpatterns to select from, while men will find more conservative styles. All oursummer suits are highly tailored, giving assurances of holding their shape. Andyou'll fnd the values hard to beat$isoo to $35.00SHIRT SPECIAL $2.19For a few days only we are giving a little flier in shirts. These are veryspecial values, and you'll find them made of splendid materials in ttO Qnewest colorings and patterns. Sizes 14 to 18 t"1"'R. P. WALSH7th and MainiMMflkMiit.'' '!g4EJ,-THE JEITHERFHONE 36Motor Hearseiniinnt " w&Copyright, 1920,Kirschbaum CompanyOne-Price StorejABest?AutomaticRefrigeratorsAre-T. HINTON COPARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach Undertaking "Clothes$18.00to$35.00Parte, Ky.i:rJ' rft- vv --;.. ,". y:c-fw;,H-.b;:!',, "mmjmt iij j.i j, i i iuimi.iuiin iu jiU ins.'J.,- ,j r)k.'" - $Yi -VrAsixTHE BOURBON .NEWS, PAWS, BRCTUCKTnr 'i y in i Tin-TUESDAY, JtfN 2rit2li gBaIfIIS-v.'."', uPneumoniaoften follows aNeglected ColdKILL THE COLD!HILL'SOVSCARAfcMUININEcold remedy for 20 yearstablet form safe, mre, noitM breaks ud a cold in 24hours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back it t tans, inegenuine box nas a neatop wun Jr. nupicture.At All Drug StmrttL. standard. iir -.Sparing Grandma.A little miss was clawing aroundin a forbidden box one day in the absence of her mother when her grandmother, who saw what was going on,Hccosted her rather sharply: "Gussie,what nrp vou runimaelnc around Inpit box for?" And little Miss Gussieabably be just as well if you don'tlow what I am after."HEW SHORTAGE DISCOVEREDA new shortage has been discovered in Paris, along with the sugar,coal, labor and sundry others. Andit is one many of us have had tocontend with.It is practically impossible to obtain repairs on any class or varietyof time-peices in less than a monthor six weeks. For some unknownreason local jewelers and watchmakers have been deluged with callsfor repairs on watches and clocks inthe past few weeks and the shopsarc filled with the time-giving objects facing a reconstruction period.With the shortage of time hascome a shortage of watchmakers torelieve the situation. This shortagewas explained by a local jeweler,who explained that fewer youngmen were becoming apprenticewatchmakers each year. Work onthe delicate internal workings of awatch taxes the eyesight, he said,eventually imparing the vision andthe present-day young men are "letting the ,other fellow do it."cyiSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesiBTUtble Bifocal LnsSmrtkwest Corner 4th and Chestnut Sts.LOUISVILLE, KY.BOOZE IS NOT A GOOD CURE(From the Ames Iowa Intelligencer.) When a man comes to you alldoubled up with pain and declareshe will die in your presence unlessI you procure him a annK or wmskey, send him to a doctor or elseerive him a dose of ChamberlainsColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. Theieis a mistaken notion among awhole lot of people that booze isthe best remedy for colic and stomach ache.(june-adv)TO CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY.The fiftieth anniversary of thefirst professional baseball championship will be celebrated by the OldTimers' Baseball Association with abanquet in Chicago. The firstworld's pennant was won by theChicago White Stockings from thej Cincinnati Red Stockings at DexterPark, South Chicago, October 13,1870.Extension Telephone ServiceNow AvailableExtension telephone service is now available for those who already have telephoneservice.There is no greater convenience in thehome than an extension telephone on theother floor or beside the bed.No more running up and down stairs toanswer the telephone. IT is always convenient and adds to the pleasure of housekeeping. The cost is small, but the convenienceis great.Call the Manager's office today and arrange for an extension telephone in yourhome.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedMaster Reader 'onChautauqua Program.The achievements of V. S. Watkins,who will appear here at the RedpathChautauqua, have well won for himthe title of master interperter. Hepresents a book. He makes us see andfeel and enjoy the story as though wemit aBBBBBBaVfeV v$siV. S. WATK1NS.were seeing it acted by the Individualcharacters.His artistic attainments are greatHis dramatic ability is unusual. Butunderneath all, he possesses thatstrong character and personalitywhich are fundamental in acquiringperfection in the art of interpretation.AMERICAN LEGION OF- KENTUCKY ANNUAL CONVENTION.ySJSVLUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee,, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates. ,We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckySepetmber 3rd and 4th has beendesignated by the State ExecutiveCommittee of the American Legionof Kentucky as the time for the Second Annual State Convention of theex-service men and women of thegreat war.Announcement is made from StateHeadquarteis that representationwill be determined by the numberof members. Each post will havoone representative and one alternate and cne additional representative for each one hundred memberswhose State and National dues havebeen paid. There are one hundredand thirty-two local posts in theState. Each post will send its delegation with instructions as to thesentiment prevailing among theLegionaires of its vicinity regardingthe big issues now facing the Legion and all ex-service men. Localposts are urged to see that theirofficers make returns for all newmembers in order that the post maysecure itf. proper representation atthe convention..All ex-service men and womenare urged to realize the importanceof co-operating with the Legionaires of their community in swelling local post membership; in keeping foremost the ideals and principles of the greatest organization ofveterans in the history of the United States; and in seeing that thevoice and sentiments of the ex-servicemen and women of the countyand community are properly recorded at the next State Convention.If you have a kick, join the Legionand let it be known in the rightsort of way. If you have an idea thatyou think the Legion ought to dosomething which up to this time hasbeen overlooked, join the Legion andget up and "speak out in meeting.1'All ex-service men and women re-kardless of whether they served inPrance or in this country or whether they had the title of Major General or buck private in Ihe rearrank are eligible to membership andall have an equal voice and vote indetermining the policies of the Le-ion.BBBhMBh BSH!IIHHiHHHMHHHHHHHHHMIHHMHHIHflHHHHHH!HEKvia rBCelebrate!let the bands playand the songs ring ontTT7"E'RE ready for the Glorious Fourth. Are you ? Come in and let usgive you an Independence Day musical program, a vivid suggestion ofhow to make the Fourth a day of finer meaning in your home.We'll send a New Edison to your home together with a fine group of patri-votic selections.- Tie NEW EDISON " -' '"The Phonograph with a Soul" J .s-Our Budget PUn will turn your "fireworks"money into a first payment. It will makesimilar economies provide the balancev It's asystematic thrift idea.Why throw your money, into the air on theFourth? Isn't It a finer patriotism, a biggerfamily poliey, to-apted it on music good music?What's a Fourth without music?The thrill in those gFand, old airs of the Rcpubficl The tjrohationl The memories I Theringing pledge !All these and moic-havc been giyen life by thesoaring art and the fervid hearts of great artist IAll these and more are Re-Created for you bythe marvelous realism of the New Edison. ,The perfect realism of the New Edison ' wasproved again in an astonishing test made Marchio, 1920, at Carnegie Hall, New York City.Anna Case, world-famed soprano, matched hervoice directly against itsRE-CnEATioN by the NewEdison. During the test, the lights went out.The audience, in the darkness, could not tellwhether Anna Casowas singing or whether theNew Edison, was Re-Crkating her voice.You can experience the New Edison's supremerealism for yourself. Corns in and Jet us giveyou Mr. Edison's Realism Test.rsrr-xry.-'L.aT J1-!?$&Oberdorfer, The DruggistMain Street, Paris, Ky.'J?''5sf,ASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineMOTHER!r1"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeJ T)CsfVvMM Tl I I! r y iffAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most Jiaimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)Body Temperature.The average body, temperature la98.6 degrees, but it varies within afew degrees with the time of day andvarious other factors. It is normally'97.5 degrees in the morning and 99J5In the afternoon. Eating and exercisemay raise tt from , one to several de"frees. Nervousnesi may canae auddenchanges either higher or lower.2 as,A MAN AND HIS WIFE"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin' is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoacelicacidester of Sallcylicacid. .v - (adv-tf-T)ARMY NOTES.According to legislation approvedby the President, June 4, 1920, enlistments in the Regular Army arenow authorized for one or threeyears, at the option of the applicant. Re-enlistments are authorized for three years only.Under this law, as approved,men between the ages of 18 and 55,physically and morally qualified,will be given $90.00 in addition toheir pay if they enlist for threeyqars. This $90.00 will be given tosuch men at the expiration of thethree-year period.Former soldiers, who re-enlist forthree years will be paid $90.00 immediately upon re-enlistment. This$90 is in addition to all pay and allowances. Army recruiting stations wherecomplete information may be hadare located in the following cities inKentucky: Louisville, 122 SouthFourth street; Bowling Green,Postoffice; Paducah, Second' streetand Broadway; Jackson, KashBuild'ng; Lexington, Postoffice;Ashland, 115 Wichester avenue;Owensboro, 204 Third street.FOR THE RELIEF OF RHEUMATIC FAINS.When you have stiffness andsoreness of the muscles, achingJoints, and find it difficult to movewithout pafn try massaging the affected parts with .Chamberlain'sLiniment. , It will relieve thevpairjand v make rest nd sleep possible. ,(Jitme-adT) -,LEVY, THECumberland Phone 40may both derive saiisfactictfby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.DRY CLEANERHome Phone 169:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299I Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyIx3iifiigiiggsgsasKMgBgr;JlB81SSai8S5t.J lII53lMMiHIHfm1WANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The PlaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W. SP1CERMAIMCtHJftT HOUSE' '"ft2.-.rJ1.--s ? jj"V-fX-ii .rW.Nr '"tTUESDAY, JUNE 29l920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYrvrfSAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package.i m I t t --T-t-t ..GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENMake Lemon Lotion to DoubleBeauty of Your Skin I,-t--. .-.. ...., .... ..t..t t j gutiSqueeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemoDDlcach for few cents.M?.Bsage this sweetly fragrantintc a bottle containing three ounceslot cw into the face, neck, arms andlianl? eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.rr.mous stage beauties use lemonj;w.r: to bleach and bring that soft.c"c.v rosy-white complexion.,cn.ci5 have always been, used a nf"pri:Ie. sunburn and tan remover.Alake this up and try it.(adv-tf-T)o 'Sickening Discovery.The teacher had read a chapter from"The History of the American Revolution"' and Raymond had then heard theword "breastworks" for the first time.Telling his mother the story when hegot home, he said : "When the Britishgot up in the morning and saw theAmericans on the opposite side of thehill, they threw up their breakfasts."Boston TranscriptMANY TEACHEES FAIL TO PASSEXAMINATIONOf the 2,402 teachers who tookthe examination for teachers' certificates, in Kentucky, 1,182 failedto pass, 541 were granted first-classcertificates and 679 second-classcertificates. The figures show that51 per cent, passed the examinationand 49 per cent, failed.The failure of so large a per centis due to the fact that teachers art.deprived of scholarships in trainingschools. Heretofore rural teachershave been so poorly paid for theirservices that it has been impossiblefor them to lay aside enough moneywith which to receive training inteachers' training schools.! Progressive States have adoptedthe plan of bringing the trainingschool to the teacher by providingone-year teachers' training coursein each county. While Kentucky isfar behind along this line the timeis not far dastant, according to Superintendent of Public InstructionGeorge Colvin, when teachers' training courses will be established in ahigh schools in each county in theState.Tag Your Books.Many book lovers with large andprecious libraries keep a small bookwith the name of each book lent, thedate and the borrower. After a reasonable time, when the book has beenlent, it is no discourtesy to write andremind the borrower that you missyour book friend and are waiting towelcome it home. Get a bookplate.That is the very best way to tag yourbooks. And don't forget that the golden rule applies in books as in otherphases of life, and return the onesyou borrow yourself.11 I ILwV iil'FIBWITNESS IN PISSuch Evidence Our Headers CannotDispute.As we take up THE NEWS weekby week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness after witness speaks out asMr. Rankin does here. If these people were strangers living milesaway, we might take little notice ofthem. But they are not. They aroour neighbors, living among us.Their word is too easily proven toadmit of any doubt. They ppeak outin the hope that their experiencemay be a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:'I have used Doan's Kidney Pills oltand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesI have suffered severly with kidnecomplaint. My back often painedand was lame most all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. Whenever I have been thisway, I have always found that a boxof Doan's Kidney Pills has neverfailed tc cure me of the attack iushort order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Rankin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)WE KNOW THIS EELLOW( nre UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilityin construction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.fJbBtsSfiSnscgr:C2c2y&Piyps-aiSIS?I'm the buy who never hands backa borrowed pencil. When I getthrough using it I just stick it inmy pocket and walk away. I maywant to use it again and if youneed one you can buy another.I make it a practice never to carry one because that gives me an excuse to write down addresses andtelephone numbers with yours. ThenI take it home or to my office andleave it there. vt mnv pvfn borrow vour knife tosharpen the pencil' before I take itaway with me. I like to try it firstand see how well it writes so 1(11know whether it's worth keeping, ornot.Pencils are common property anyway, like mntches or cigarettes orumbrellas. Besides, possession isi:ine points in law and a pencil having one, makes ten. You ought tobe grateful to. me for not borrowingyour fountain pen. I would, onlyit's too much trouble borrowing inkto fill it.rrLIFT OFF CORNS?Doesn't hurt a bit! Sore cornslift right off with fingers.Magic IJJSSSLmmra;i!iiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniii i nigWilliam K. Hagan ybNAr-chitectv (3- Engineer..-Paei. Ky.T12..-T NATIONAL SANKt fSHftUililiill'liiciiliiiltiiliiiiistiiiiiiisiii'iiittiiMiif-iftiitfiiillisiit-siililfiiiiiLiiiliiiliiiMiitiisiiiiiiirixiitsiiiiiiliiiixfiiiiiliaiiri- "'&?r2AMHL 'w,' r i mm lJTrnlnil HIiMSaid the City Builder"I am proud of my town,' said the CityBuilder, "and I want to see it grow.""1 don't 'knock' its public utility companies;I want to see them prosper, because the towncan't grow unless they can grow, too.""I try to be as reasonable when dealingwith a public service company as I wouldbe with any other business institution intown, and I don't expect their operation tobe 100 perfect all the time, because I havenever yet found any human or any machinery,in any line of business, that was absolutelyinfallible?'"And when I have a complaint to make,for instance, about the telephone service Ido my complaining to the telephone company!" "At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. jNveatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.lONColsTANCnswJSKafrssvPjyKIS. "IK . i -jsgi.jflHHKSI k BB BPBBBrBv Lmtmktwv $ tf RtVU Wt&BJJlir Lw 4SS -.flr BBB B BlBBBB'MbBB fimteSfvBEBP41Economy That ProvesCorrect DesignV " ' ? Yosemfre Run Gives Conclusive Evidence of QualityConstruction and Economy of Triplex SpringsVTHE REMARKABLE OVERLAND VICTORY inthe 355-mile Los Angeles-Yosemite Economy Run registers another triumph for scientific light weight and theeasy riding Triplex Springs. The winning Overlandstock touring car registered an average of 35.1 miles pergallon throughout the entire mountainous trip. This is,of course, better than average Overland mileage, but itis gratifying to drive a car whose design insures thebest use of every drop of fuel.Touring, $985; Roadster, $985, Coupe, $1525; Sedan, $1575Q Prices f. o. b. Toledo, subject to change without noticePARI? OVERLAND CO.Phone 584Tenth StreetFARMERS SHOULD BUILD SILOS.Owing to the fact that much ofthis year's corn crop will be plantedlate, farmers should figure on howto take care of this crop. If thefall is late the crop will mature allright; hut if we should happen tohave an early fall, the man who hasa silo that can he filled can takecare of his coin to the best advantage. As a means of buildingup the fertility of the soil the feeding of livestock and dairying represent the best methods, and in orderto successfully handle these linesof farming the silo becomes of greatvalue. It is reather singular that ;the farm income from States havinga large number of silos is higherThan the farm income fiom Kentucky. oEvery time I pay 80 cents a dozenfor eggs I wonder if the chickensare wearing diamonds.Ii1Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West FiflTStreetKUJDrop a littletouchy corn, in-stops hurting,Costs few cents!Freezbne on thatstantly that cornthen you lift it right out with thefingers.Why wait? Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle of Freezone for a fewcents, sufficient to rid your feet ofevery hard corn, soft corn, or cornbetween the toes, and calluses, without soreness or irritation. Freezoneis the much talked of discovery ofa Cincinnati genius. (adv)oGAS WELL "GIVES OIL"(Ashland Independent)For the past several months a gaswell in the Martin county field hasbeen producing a revenue of severalhundred dollars per month for itsowners. Recently oil has causedtrouble and the gas revenue hasgreatly diminished. Now, one of theI officers of the company owning thpwen ana wno resides in Ashland received the following letter from theowner of the land on which thewell is situated.. "June 17, 1920."Dear Sir:"I want you to come right awayand ?ee what is the matter withyour gas well. We do not getenough gas to cook with and whenwe turn it on, oil runs all over thekitchtn floor. . Now don't send anyone to attend to this matter, butcome yorself, as we cannot do anything for so much oil, and ours is aJ gas stove only.""The offiicial referred to is Da. V.V. Adkins and we trust he will haveto wade in cil knee deep in orderto get to the well.We have miracles even in thisage. Every oDce in a while a yellleader grows -up and' amounts tosomething.I.Opie Read IcmNoted Novelist andLecturer 'In his latest lectors"Human Natureand Politics"4th NightRedpathChautauquaOPIEREADhaswritten and lectured to a clientele that numbersmillions.5 "Human Natureand Politics" is agreat lecturebased on a longand understanding knowledge ofhuman nature asit is.Just One of 15Big AttractionsSEASON TICKETS $2.75Plus 10 TaxSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon Laundry jParis, Kentucky JPARIS CHAUTAUQUA WEEK,JULY QTR TO 13T3tHA SURE TIPfPut Your Money on One of OurSuits and YOU CANT LOSE?You'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Values$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, UnderwearBlock Suhmmc Clothe"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS,' CLOTHING AND SHOE DErT.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietors5 r-...-r ' tv Jit;";:-f.- it1IIIIlXI'AIyUy -rKsif- ' 'J -'Sx5V.jS-j.J ,4?-b-.i yi' s'Sy'f5bt ",$&;X,-- ". LT-&f'--u "tV' -.U- -" w ..'' ( "" ."" -,'.PAGE EIGHT, V -THE BOURBON KEWS, PARI& KENTUCKYilr t w--k:- TUM8DAY, JCIfB ft, UttrASSESS5E39EwfmFS4.r tmmm v as . . ,- d .b. - ,. it 1 . 'MILLERSBURGMATRIMONIAL.lilt- Al ANfl -iNIlL DAUI.V fiBANIl A Jm:..-. -uit, 27c p4 jc w . .:.......,c-i1,. vChildren and Gallery lScfiiw 3c war.taxv.?.3cHI s:v-.,?Sh&whan Chapter of EasternBUtr No. 5 conferred the degrees oncveral candidates Friday evening-,avMog 'hom were Postmaster andMrs. J. B. Cray, Mr. and Mrs. Earl5Jammer and Miss Anna Smith.tie work was done by a CynthianaInmxl After the work ices andffirppe was served.The fourth day of our Chautau?& promises to he one of the bestSee program of that day: 3:00 p.. Lecture, "Play Ball" Henry2ferke. Admission Adults 50 cts.,ifldren 22 cents. Henry Charke habIfcctured more than three thousand times for Chautauquas andXyceum audiences. "Play Bali," thsItelT same and the game of life, adramatic parable which has inspired hundreds, of audiences, and has'won for the speaker the title ofWay Ball Clarke. 8:00 p. m. theIrish love comedy, "Peg O' My?feart," by J. Heartley Manners, aISew York production with Broad"way players, first time ever presented on Chautauqua. Admission2falts, $1.00, children 50 cents.A mass meeting of Millersburgasrtizens was held at the Farmers3Bank, Thursday evening for thpurpose of protesting the action otCounty Supt. Caywood and theCounty School Board, in refusing toaeconsider the school situation here.The citizens voted unanimous toffite an injunction against the Board,as we believe, through the , adviceof tneir attorney that the preliminary steps taken by Mr. Caywoodasd the Board were not legal. WeregTet this step exceedingly, as itwill, in all probability, cut out thoM. M. I. for at least a year, a-ndpractically close the Public Schoolwork here, for the time being, as3ie school will have to be conducted2 -the old building, and the majorSty of our citizens will take no interest in the public school work'while the suit is pending. We allSope that some agreement may be-mched during the coming week"between the School Board and theaosimittee representing the citizensoi: Millersburg. to relieve the situation. We must have M. M. I. andnothing short of it will satisfy at3fcast 90 per cent, of our people.If the Board will return us M. M.1. we are willing to co-operate withJfcim in every reasonable way possible and to do what we can to givsMillersburg and this portion ofSourbort county a good High Schoolsecond to none in Kentucky. TheBoard should bear in mind that M.jhL I. is one of the valuable assets ofXillersburg. Col. Best hadA marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, in this city, to Mr.Victor Buzzard, 29, Louisville, andMiss Delilah Arnett, 29, of TerreHaute, Indiana.Marriage licenses were issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Zebida Hawkins, farmer, and Miss Mary Roberts, both of near Shawha-n; AlexF. Sorrell, electrician, of Lexingtonand Miss Lula Taylor, of Fayettecounty; Edward Mitchell and MissBirdie Evans, both of near NorthMiddletown.Friends and relatives in thi3city have received the followingannouncement cards: "Mr. and Mrs.Jesse Palmer Taylor announce themarriage of their daughter, SaraLaRue, to Mr. Paul Couring Eirkon Monday, June the twenty-first,one thousand, nine hundred andtwenty, Corbin, Ky. At Home afterJuly first, Corbin, Ky." The brideis a former resident of Paris.Mrs. Sara Reed, of Cynthiana,has announced the engagement ofher daughter, Miss Kitty WitheisReed, to Mr. Houston CarpenterPowell, of Hazard. The wedding willbe celebrated on Wednesday evening, June 20, at the home of Mrs.Reed, in Cynthiana. The bride:elect has many friends here, and hasbeen a frequent visitor in Paris.TRAYLOR EIRK.The Stanford Interior-Journalhas the following notice of the recent marriage of Miss Sara Tayloi,formerly of Paris, to, Mr. PaulEirk, of Corbin:"Mr. and Mrs. Paul Eirk, of Corbin, are in the county visiting thelatter's relatives, the Whites andihe Traylors. Mrs. Eirk was MissSara LaRue Traylor, born in thiscounty, but now residing at Corbin.She is the pretty and populardaughter of Mr. and Mis. JesseTraylor, and is one of the finest andmost attractive young women in the(State. The marriage occurred atCorbin last Monday and Air. andMrs. Eirk stopped over returningfrom Louisville, where they spentseveral days The groom has impressed those who have met himhere as being a fine young man andhe is being congratulated on winning the heart and hand of socharming a young woman as hisbride is. The Interior-Journal 30mstheir many otner trienas in wisnmsthem unbounded happiness in the.under ! journey of life, that they may liveifs control about one hundred boys3ast year from this and other States,sone of them citizens of Millersfmrg, while many of the supplies ofthe institution purchased by CoJ.tnxi- Mrs. Best are bought in wholesale quantises. Notwithstanding?his much is purchased here, all ofthe spending- money of the Cadets isspent here, all of the money comingthrough' their parents and guardians for Board, tuition and other necessities, is handled by the Millerseog banks. All of the coloredmisfiwomen of Millersburg- get the-U. M. I. laundry, and even the colored pecple are in tears at thethought of losing this institution,v-Ixeh with its predecessoi, TheKeirtncky Wcsleyan College, hadoeen located in Millersburg formore than hall a century. Not only3P the institution of a commercialTfalue to our town, but it also has itscocfal features These features began in the old Kentucky WesleyanCollege, and have gone down with-us through the cycles of time untiljr&vr. Of course, in the inauguration of a good High School, this too,would bring to us no doubt manysocial features. If so, we would bedoubly blessed. There is no reasonwhy either should interfere withike other. Our high school pupiltjure our own citizens, the M. M. I.pupils are from elsewhere. A goodHigii School will perhaps biing alarger number of children to townth.an we are now having in the oldHuilding. The M. M. I. brings us"fcoys from a distance who bringtheir money to be spent among ourlmsHuss men. We can operate"fcoth successfully, should the Boardpermit it. If we do not get M. M. I.ack the Board cannot hope forthat co-operation on the part of ourcitizens, which, undei right conditions, they are entitled to. Let usget togethei, settle this mattef,keep it out of court, purchase asuitable site agreeable to theBoard for the High School building and go to work at once on. it.7nder no circumstances can we havesuitable High School buildingthis year. The M. M. I. is now under an injunction, and unless somearrangement is entered into between the Board and Citizens Committe no school will be conductedtie coming year. This injunctioncan be dissolved if we go at thematter in the right spirit. We feelihat we have made good propositions and these propositions deserveconsideration. Every citizen ofBourbon, county who does not reside in the Millersburg precinctskould put themselves in our placebefore condemning our action.to a. rine old asre. and love eacnother more and more as the days gby."0GOOD THINGS ON THE CHAUTAUQUA PROGRAMDonald H. McGibney, novelist andtraveler, comes with a broad background of experience to lecture, on1he sixth afternoon of the RedpathChautauqua program, at Paris. JulyG to IS, on "The Modern Unrest."This lecture is to a gieat extent astudy of Bolshevism, and what itaims to accomplish."Nothing But The Truth," widelyknown comedy success, will be presented by a New York cast on thesixth night. As a novel by Frederick Isham, "Nothing But TheTruth" was read by millions andlater as a play it ran more than areason on Broadway.The children's pageant, "The GoodFairy Thrift," and a grand concertby Giobecker's Suiss Singeis andYodlers will be a feature of the seventh afternoon. Garbed in their native costumes the Yodlers sing thesongs of their Swiss mountain home."Human Efficiency" will be thelecture topic of Ralph Parlette or'he last night. "Human Efficiency"has a vital message for the man orwoman who wants to succeed in theworld. Ralph Parlette is the author of the well-known inspirational booklets, "It's Up to You," "G.jSouth" and "Salvation of theSucker."6AAAAA ABIRTHS.Near Leesburg, to the wife ofEarl Anderson, a daughter.In this city to the wife of ClaySutherland, poular traveling representative of Swift & Co, of "Chicago, a daughter, christened JaneClay Sutherland. Mrs. Sutherlandwas formerly Miss Martha FrancesStrode, of Winchester. The happyparents are busy receiving and acknowledging the many congratulations that 'have been showeredupon them over the advent of thelittle stranger in their household.0Accuiacj in marketing and delivering the goods after they are soldis just as important as accuracy inchecking and narking when bought.TODAY, TUESDAYGEORGE WALSHin 'A Manhattan Knight'A strange story of stolen jewels, suicide and love, in which is explained how anarchitectural draftsman came to possessthree sets of names before he is twentyone and how a fair girl disturbed him.Also WILLIAM DUNCAN"The Silent Avenger"inand Prizma Color PictureTomorrow, WednesdayMarguerite ClarkIN"A Girl Named Mary"The story of a girl who found morelove thanshe wanted.Juliet Wilbor Tompkins stirring novelplayed by the daintiest star on thescreen.Also JUANITA HANSENin the 10th episode of"THE LOST CITY"And "Topics X of the Day"Thursday, July 1stBILLIE BURKEm "Wanted, a Husband"It's a comedy all about a girl whoinvents a fiance to save herself from being pitied by her engaged friends, Andths CDmplications which follow are full oflaughs. You'll enjoy.it.alsoA Sunshine ComedyAnd Vod-a-Vil MoviesGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningDEATHS.MOSELEY.Wm. Cr. Moseley, a retired merchant, aged seventy-one, died at hishome in Nichoiasville last week,from the effects of paralysis, fromwhich he had been a sufferer. Mr.Moseley was a brother of Mrs. JohnE. Stone, of Paris. The funeralwas held Saturday afternoon at thehome in Nichoiasville, with serviceconducted by Rev. G. W. Nutter.The burial followed in the Nicholasville Cemetery.DAILEY.Edward Dailey, aged aboutsixty, a stonemason, former resident of this city, was found dead inbed in his room at Lexington, Friday afternoon. From examination?of the body Coroner Anglin said hethought Dailey could have beendead eight or ten hours when hisceath was discovered. He had beensick for nearly a year with variouscomplaints, having been first attacked with influenza last winter.1 Dailey was well-known here, wherehe had worked for several yearswith local contractors. At one timemany years ago he and his familyresided in the old building in thelear of the piesent garage of Dickerson & Son. So far as has been ascertained he has no relatives livingin this part of the country.The body was prepared for burialand brought to Paris, Saturday afternoon. The funeral was held atfour o'clock, Saturday afternoon, inthe Church of The Annunciation,with service? conducted by Rev.Father Thos. Coleman. The burialfollowed in the Catholic Cemetery.Christopher Columbus had an easyvoyage, at that. He didn't have tokeep a lookout for U-boats.1 &HiwvraKIPPPaiAeSAPPHIRE NEEDLE !Phonographsand RecordsNO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT,MiIlersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.STOCK, CROP, ETC.W. S. Haggard, of Paris, shippedSatuidaj to the Cincinnati markerst carload of hogs for -which he paidfiom fourteen to 14 cents. Inthis issue of THE NEWS Mr. Haggard is advertising for one hundiedthoats, to weight from 80 to 100pounds.Henry S. Caywood, of North Middletown, purchased recently of Roger R. Crouch, of near Mt. Sterling, afine saddle bourse, for $700. Thegelding 's a hndpome individual andis considered one of the best thathas been sold in Montgomery countyfor some time.Caywood & McChntock made thefollowing livestock shipments toCincinnati, recently: Fiom Paris1,000 lambs, and from Winchester500 lambs,,for which they paid fromfourteen to fifteen cents a pound;three carloads of butcher cattle thatcost from 6 to 13 cents per pound,and a mixed car of hogs and cattle.W. S. Strader shipped a carload offat hogs to the same market thatcost from 14 to 144 cents perpound. He bought a bunch of stockhogs for 13 cents a pound.LOCAL PHYSICIAN EXHIBITSPHOTOGRAPHS OP TREATMENTS.VALUE OP BLACK WALNUT.Not many years ago the settlersof the Middle West were girdlingblack walnut trees, in order to kill'hem. They were too lazy to cutthem down, and took this method todestroy the life of the trees, so thatthey might plant corn and grainamong the dead trees. In some localities mills were sawing the walnut logs into lumber for all purposes, even lor floors and clapboaids, inside finish and everything:that could be made from 11, andmany a good board has been splitfor kindling. Walnut was thencheap and plentiful, and no onethought that it would become exhausted, but to-day it is hard tofind and the price is very high, as i?illustrated by the fact that a Maryland farmer recently sold four oldwalnut stumps for $1,000; just suchstumps as the farmers were workinghard to pull up and bum a fewyeais ago. Walnut is not alone inits scarcity and the time is not fardistant when the owners of timberland will be the men the people willtake heir hats off to, and even getdown upon their knees to; for timber is yet to be the king.0ATTENTION, BUILDERS!Iff you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.anr2-tf)Chap in Chippewa Falls has afountain pen that works. He willsend it to the Smithso-nian ' Institute.OUR rep utationfor business integrity and professional wisdom is thepublic's protection.Our equipment ismodern and our conduct irreproachable.We are fair at alltimes.poexxxzn'itfldD"3ly'Corrective osteopathic adjustmentand gymnasium work arc being instituted in some of the publicschools of Kentucky by Dr. MarthaPetree, of Paris, who showed moving pictures of the class work at tHeInternational Convention of theAmerican Osteopathic Association" inHip Hotel Sherman, Chicago.Dr. Petree reported that fifty percent, of the public school childrenhave drooping right shoulders withjpinal curvature convexed to theleft, and about the same numberhave flattened upper spines andbackward slumping of the small ofthe back. These two groups overlap, thirty per cent having both.Another group included droopingshoulders, narrow chest and drooping head."In trying to find the cause of theright drooping shoulder," said Dr.Petree, "I watched them at theirdesks, but found no clue. One dav1 drove up and down the streetwatching the childien on their wayio school. I found them carryingtheir books under their left armsand pulling up their shoulder girdle1o help in the work of carrying. Ifa book sack was carried, it hung onthe left side from the right shoulder, thus drooping the rightshoulder. Another year I hope to 4get a knapsack on the local market.which will eliminate the badeffectof the present method of carryingbooks." ,Valrie8 ExtraordinaryBatYour Summer FootwearBur Economy Shoe StoreAT ONE-THIRD SAVING IN PRICEWe are now offering the newestSummer Oxfords and Pumps for every member of ihe family at lessthan wholesale market price.C 2-feWomen's White Canvas English Lace OxfordsLow Military Heel, ideal for summer wear$1.99Ladies' $7.50 and $8.00 Brown and Black KidEnglish Oxfords and Pumps.SPECIALPRICES5.99Ladies' $7.00 Pumps and Oxfords, high andlow heels, every pair a great value.SPECIALPRICES4.99Ladies' $6.50 Glazed Kid Pumps and OxfordsSPECIALPRICES3a99White Footwear Pumps and Oxfords, gre atest values in town. A great selection ofPumps for growing girls. Low coveredheels.SPECIALPRICES2.49Men's $7.00 Goodyear Welt English OxfordsSPECIAL t Jk A APRICE 4iJ9Misses' and. Children's $2.00 White Slippers.SPECIAL IN4 MPRICE 91.49White Tennis Oxfords for Boys and MenFirst quality. Special79cParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignAIx