rfV." -'M4i&,rrt j- -- ife' t-"NEWS sitT . v - vrr- t aV? - jflar . v1 ' VrPUBLISHED ' EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IK THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 6, 1920BOURBONTHEaINJUNCTION CASE DECIDEDPAYORS BOARD OF EDUCATIONFrcm a' sick bed in a Louisvillehospital Friday, Circuit Judge Robt.L. Stout, of- this district, rendered adecision in the injunction 3urtburg against the Bouibon County IBoard of Education, in which it was jsought to enjoin confirmation ofThe recent purchase by the Board ofthe Millersburg Military Instituteproperty at Millersburg for CountyHigh School purposes."In the decision Judge Stout upheldthe right of the Educational Board-. im nTitlinon e v.rt ivr IT .County High School buildings. motion to drop the lowest candidateon.et ire ago the County Board of on each succeeding ballot, was deEduucion and County School Su-1 feated by roll-call.penr'Tendent J. B. Caywood closed ja aezi with Col. C. M. Best for thepurc"'.r.se of his school property, theM. V L wnicn nas become one oithe most -noted educational institution:-,iii the State. Citizens of Miller ig and Vicinity desired to ret?m ihe school, which had becomea c .uable asset to the town in abu-.nt5& and educational way, andti tl.e same time have a countyhigh school building erected by thecountv. in sc doing tney sougnt toassist" "the Board of Eeducation . by Ioffering a new site and a cash offeraccompanying, for the proposedbuilding. This failed, ard at a massmeeting, of the citizens committeesn-ere 'appointed to confer with theFiscal Court and the Board of Edu-1catlClt. AS JlOLlling came 01 uuia luccitizens carried the case to theBourbon Circuit Court, then in session, filing: papers in an injunctionsuit.The Board of Education was represented in the injunction proceedings by Talbott & Whitley andCounty Attorney D. D. Cline, whilethe interests of the citizens of Millersburg were looked after by E. M.Dickson, John J. Williams andJudge Denis Dundon.Attorneys for the Millersburg people are preparing legal documentsnecessary for carrying the case upto the Court of Appeals, which action will be taken in the near future. . oREPUBLICAN -STATE CENTRALCOMMITTEE HEET WED-NEiAY.Call for a special meeting of thePvepublican State Central Committeewas issued Saturday by ChairmanChesley Cearcy, to be held at 2o'clock to-morrow,- (Wednesday) afternoon, at Srate headquarters inibe Republic Building, in Louisville. Ht-aring of the Lee County contest mid other important business ismen-joned in the call. Other contoce -were seitled by the committeeat a meeting held last week. TheLee county contest was passed in order io Kive one side further time init Li ca to prepare its case.The committee will probably takeup important matters in connectionwith the coming State and Nationalcampaign. Owing to the time required in hearing the contest caseslast week, it was impossible to consider -details of the conduct of thecampaign. -oBIG- AUCTION SALE OP ANTIQUEPURNITUREReadadvertisement in anothercolumn for description of antiquefurniture to be sold July 14-15.Property cf Mrs. R. A. Blount. Saleon the premises at 10 a, m. For further information, see Stanhope Wiedeman, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,( 6-9-1 S) Agents.BARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADESPorch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, regular $6.00 swingsat $4.50;regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8 50. GenuineAerohix porch Shades at 25per cent off regular price.These are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)o ;JULY COURT DAY.Like many of the preceding CourtDays yesterday was marked by alarge attendance, but very little being done in the way of business.There was a small number of cattle'and horses on the market, all selling for moderate prices. Farmersbeing busy with their crops did notpay much attention to the monthlyrecurrence of court day, and thenthere was' an added incentive to keepmany of them away, the July billcollectors, who were cut in all theirc:!ory, seeking whom they mightand. Merchants report good collections and business in their relespective lines fairly good.Interest of the crowd centered inihe proceedings of the DemocraticNational Convention at San Francisco, and the possibility of this,hat and the otnur candidate receiving the -nomination for President,leld the boards to the exclusion ofether matters The bulletin boardm front of THE' NEWS office wastne center of attraction the bulletins came in and wera posted.DEMOCRATIC NATIONALCONVENTION.The last ballot received was thethirty-sixth, the standing being asfollows : ' MeAdoo .399, Cox 380.", C1 co'Convention adjourned at 5 until8:30.The balloting precetded" yesterdayall afternoon, with more or less seesawing of the votes for each candiddate. The last bulletin received byTVTT? "WWS ofriv o-r.incr n tm-occ.iV" 6U1"" " f'w'After 22. fruitless ballots the Democratic national convention at SanFrancisco, just before midnight,Saturday, gave up hopes of selectinga Presidential nominee within thefirst week of its session and adjourned until 10 o'clock Mondaymorning fRepeated attempts to adjournwere defeated throughout the earlyPalt of the niSht bvut as midnightapproached and it was about to become Sunday, the tradition that aDemocratic national conventionnever works on a Sunday, coupledwith the fact that the conventionwag tiredf worn and frazzif ila,its effect, ana the final motion toadjourn was unopposed.When the convention stoppedCox was leading with 430. MeAdoocame next with 372, Palmer wasdown 160.The final ballot of the night wasfull of MeAdoo movement, but itfailed 1o make much headway.Geoigia, his home State, pledged toPalmer, swung over with her 28votes in a block forvone balldt to secif it would ""start her native son toward victory, but it failed to do so,and she swung back to the Attorney General.No dark horse appeared duringfhe night's balloting to carry offthe honors and the convention adjourned just as much in need offomebody to lally about as it waswhen' it'beganthe balloting.The bulletin board in front ofTHE NEWS office was surroundedSaturday .and Saturday night by acrowd of .spectators, eagerly waitingthe convention news as receivedfrom San Francisco via WesternUnion. Numerous telephone calloduring the day kept the office forcebnsv informing inquirers from thecounty as to the progress of the balloting. There were tour times a:smany requests )r information fromthe Golden Gate city as .were received on the Saturday .whenHarding and Coolidjre were nominated by the Rebpnlican Conventionat Chicago. The interest in convention news was just as inten&e Sunday and yesterday as on precedingdays. THE NEWS received manycongratulations on the bulletin service rendered.oHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop ofttobacco against Mall WlinYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)MEXICANS STAGE BOLD HOLDUPSUNDAY NIGHT.A boldholdup in which threeMexicans are said to have playedloading parts, was staged Sundaynight on the Spears Mill pike, nearNorth Middletown. While drivingalong the road. J. H. Wagner, afarmer of that vicinity, was startled to behold three men, whom helook in the semi-darkness to djMexicans, emerge from the shacowof a tree, and commanded him tohalt.Wagner halted, two of the menhaving grasped the bridle of hishorse, while the thiid was comingtoward him with the evident intention of making a search of his per-vson for valuables. Wagner managed to get hold of a revolver nnderreath the seat of his buggy, andfired point blank at the men, whotook to their heels. Later on Wagner met a man to whom he relatedthe details of the holdup, addingthat he thought he had hit one ofthe men. The 'man told him he metthree Mexicans on the pike a shortdistance away, two of them supporting a tbird. who seemed to- be introuble. The authorities were noti-,tied.' Wagner was cert&in the menwere Mexicans, as they spoke in astrange tongue, the only word he-vyas able to understand " beinr-halt."o 'BARGAINS IN HAMMOCKS.We have a few Couch Hammocks left in stock that canbe bought at a liberal discount. Better call early.A. E. WHEELER & CO.(June29-tf)! OFire, Wind- and,' LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan: O ;One reason why we are. patientwith Mexico is because we. can'tAhink of any other solution1- lTHEHSCAL COURT PROCEEDINGSAt the recent meeting" of theBourbon Fiscal Court,- Judge Geo. , without the day's news bearing recBatterton presiiing, and, a full ' ord of automobile accidents in thisBoard present, the report of Road 'section,, but last Sunday evened upvjiiimBoiuutJia juim x. tjojiins aimi,uc iuure, ana Drougnt out a numCatesby Spears as read showed aniber to svell the list accumulated allexpenditure or S4i,877.01 tor tne :month 6t ' June. The treasury re-ported a balance of $-40,240.50from which an overdraft of $38.-47 is io De aeauctea. rne uom-missioners reported the sale toBourbon county investors of $73000 worth of county road bonds,which were ordered issued at nar ivalue. The accrued interest col-!lected by commissioner Collins waslurnea into tne roaa iuna or ttiecounty. "Commissioner Spears reported theold ice factory property opposite the pioceed to thir home. The damagenth street passenger station of ed machine was taken to a localthe Louisville & Nashville as thebest available site for the locatiorof two oil tanks and for storingbridge and building material. Tneproperty was offered to the countyat S4.000. Judsre Batterton ap-pointed a committee composed of ing to cross the street near the CraJustices Thomason and - Burris to en restaurant. Herrin was knockinspect the property and report as , ed down, and his clothing torn, butto the advisability of its purchase. Lustained only slight injuries, beingJudge Batterton read to the;Court the report of the HamiltonFund ' Commissioners, which showeda total of twenty-seven beneficiariesand the amount to be expended thecoming year as $1,250. The reportwas approved and adopted. The sum i pants of both machines escaped unof $300 was appropriated by the; hurt, and sped, away before theirCourt for the benefit of the Kentucky Children's Home Society, inLouisville, to which institutionBourbon county has sent twentyseven homeless and orphaned child-dren. The report of the Road Commission showed that crushed rockfrom the county quarries is costingfrom eighty rents to $1.20 a ton. Areport was submitted to the Courtby Commissioners Collins andSpears in reference to the turnpikesystem of Jefferson county whichthey recently inspected. After approving a bunch of claims againstthe county and ordering their payment the Court adjourned.BARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADES.Porch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, reguiar $6.00 swings at$4.50; regular $8.00 swings'fi- fi Art- rocrnlnr fc17nfrJ0S- Grosciie, in tne wusoii uunu-tor Tb.uu, regular i.uu ingf and for a time nem undisput-SWingS for $8.50y Genuine ed 'possession. They were finallyAprnlu Porrh Shadp at !ca;allec: and taken away. YesterneroiUX rorcn Ollduea dt ga, a big swarm of the industnouopercent off regular price., insects took possession of a spotThoco pro roal harcramc x I near the Bramblette grocery at thec j tiucpi pj tSiriMiTiiocrkorner of Main and Bank Row.E. M WnLtLtSt nJRNITuRC PaFsers-by were soon made aware oiCOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-5t)f " " IIME KMOMWHATS A PICNICWITHOUT LUNCH?What's a Day in the Countryif You're Not Dressed CountryStyle,Which Means Easy Stylo-We have country clothesfor every kind of - sport, allmade to help the gamesuits that look good and fee!good.. Clothes ForOuting Wear74Gad-Aboutand Lounge-AboutThe styles "you see mostlyat country- clubs and swagger resorts. You'll find themhere.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENNfersSUNDAY AUTO ACCIDENTSSeveral Sundays haveover xne- state.Sunday night two machines col-lided near the J. H. McGinnis storenear the intersefition of the Lexing-", nume ana Bedford and Beth-lenem pikes. Both were reported asgoing at a high 'rate of speed. Inendeavoring to avoid a machinecomins: from Paris. Mr. S. Goff amison, of Maysville, en route to theirnome trom a visit to Lexington, col-nuea, tne macnine being badly'damaged, and young Gcff receivingslight injuries. The were able togarage for repairs.Sunday afternoon a speeding ma-chine going up Main street at whatspectators declared to have beenoutside the legal limit- struck Thos."Skin" Herrin. as he was attemni.-able to proceed on his wav.Sunday night two machines, running a race with the 8:15 interurban car from Lexington, collidedi near Fourteenth street, damagingboth machmes slightly. The occu-names could be learjied.A machine occupied by Mr. andMrs. John Wells, collided Sundaynight with another car occupied byMrs. George Reynolds and otners, ata point on the Paris and North Middletown, pike, near the residence otTollie Young. Both machines wereslightly damaged, the occupants ofboth cars escaping injury beyond aslight shaking up, andwere able tocontinue their journey.ANOTHER BEE STORYBees fceem to have a fondness forthe territory in the immediate y'cinity of the court house. True,ihat is a very busy neighborhooddurinsr busy times, and for that reason, the busy bees may be excusedfor selecting it' as a working place.Sometime ago a swarm of beesinvaded the sleeping quarters oiJos. Grosche. in the Wilson buiia-thp.ir m-esence. and gave themwide beith. For several hours theyheld possession, but were removedby an experienced hee handler.IAMUMUOCMWIUjBLAKjMOREDEATHS. .. aSTEVENSMrs. Lela Smith, of Shawhan,received a telegram Friday, statingthat her brother, Guy Stevens,, hadbeen killed in an explosion- atScranton, Pa. No particulars weregiven in the telegram.Stevens was a former resident, ofthe Shawhan vicinity, and wa&well-Known nere. He was about thirtyseven years oldT, and is survived byhis widow. He left Shawhan aboutseven years ago, and engagedbusiness in Scranton, Pa.mWHALEN.The body of Glenn Whalen,eleven-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Whalen, of Paris, who wasaccidently drowned in Stoner Creek,near Paris, Tuesday afternoon, wastaken to Cynthiana for interment.The funeral was held Saturday afternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted bv Rev. F. K.Struve, at the grave in Battle GroveCemetery. The parents and relatives of the boy have the sinceresympathy of the community in theirsad bereavement.McCONNELL.Following an illness of about ayear's duration, Thomas McConnell,aged forty-two, well-known carpenter, died Sunday morning at1:30 o'clock, at the home of hisbrother, George McConnell, in thiscity. He is survived by two sisters,George and Mack McConnell, bothresidents of Paris.The funeral was held at the residence, yesterday afternoon, at threeo'clock, with services conducted by"Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The intermenttook place on the family lot in theRuddles Milis CemeteryMORELAND.Grcver Moreland. aged thirtytwo, a tenant residing on tha HillLpike, near Centerville, died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiccity, at six o'clock yesterday morning, following an operation for gall&tones. He is survived by his widow, five childreji, and his motherMrs. Samuel Moreland. The bodywas prepared for burial, and wastaken to Georgetown. The interment will take place in the Georgetown Cemetery at 2:30 o'clock this( Tuesday) afternoon. The serviceslit the grave will be conducted byJhe Georgetown lodge I. O. O. F., off which he was a member.HENRY:- Mrs. Lucy Ann Henry, agedt eventy-three. died suddenly at herhome near Aaron's Run, in Montgomery county, last week. Theburial took place in the NorthMiddletown Cemetery, .with services conducted at the grave. Mrs.-Henry was an excellent Christianwoman, and has many friends herewho will legiet to learn of hexdeath. She leaves two daughters,Mrs. Matt Swope, of Clark county,Mrs. Henry Hovermale, of Montgomery county, and three sons,Dudley Henry, of Clark county, andCharles and Edward Hsmry, ofMontgomery countyMARSHALL.-Brigadier , General William L.Marshall, a native of Washington,in Mason county, where he wasborn in 1346, died in ar. army hospital, in Washington City, Saturday, after a short illness. Funeralservices were held in WashingtonCity, Sunda, followed by interment in the Arlington ' NationalCemetery.Geneial Marshall was the discoverer of the row famous MarshallPass across the Rocky Mountains,and constructor of the ArAbroseChannel in New York Harbor. Hehas a large family connection iathis section of the State, especiallyin Mason county..oRELIGIOUS.The Baptist church of Paris hasadded to its working equipment aStudebaker automobile for the useof the pastor, Jtev. Arthur Fox, Inhis pastoral and other church work.The new machine will prove a veryefficient helper.The "Reds" of the ChristianEndeavor Society of the North Middletown Christian church entertained the "Blues," as the result ofa membership contest in which the"Reds" lost. Refreshments wereserved to about 125 guests.Revival, conducted by Rev. P.F. Adams, pastor of the Millersburgcurch, began ' at the HutchisonChapel, at Hutchison, last night.The meeting will continue for twoweeks. Rev. W. M. Williams, .pastorof the Hutchison church, extends acordial invitation to the public toattend these meetings.oAMATRIMONIAL.DOWNING McBRIDEJames B. McBride, son of Win.McBride. and M'ss Blanche V.S Downing, daughter of Fred Downing, all of Paris, secured licensefrom County Clerk Pearce Paton,and were married at the .home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. C. H.Greer, of 4he Methodist church.REGEPHOir Iff HONOR QE JOSSAUUU5TA' GLASS.Miss Augcsta Glass, of Washington, the attractive house guest athe home of Mrs. Swift Champe, hasbeen guest of honor at a number ofsocial functions given, in. the, pastfew days. Misses Ollie and: LoraineButler entertained at their home onVine street, last: night, foiv MistGlass. She was the guest of honorat a dinner party given at the Lexington. Country- Club Saturday evening; Mrs. James H. Thompson en--tertainedin honor of Miss Glftsalast Wednesday evening at her beautiful' country home, "WoodlandVilla," on the Lexingtom pikev witha luncheon-bridge party. The homewas attractively decorated withpink roses and sweet peas. Theguest piize was a pair of silk hose.The prize for the highest score, -a.beau dfuL French work bag, "wasawarded to Miss Ollie- Butler.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSH. L. Mitchell & Son, real estatedealers, sold yesterday for James A.Moreland, a house and lot locatedon Parrish avenue in Paris, to J. G. . -Summer,of Perry county, for $2.-'S0Q.Auctioneer M. p. Kenney soldpublicly Saturday anernoon on thepremises for the Paris Realty Co..and H. L. Mitchell & Son, the RorF. Clendenin property on Cypressstreet, belonging to H. P. Perry,Elmer Boardman being the purchaser at $10,500. There were threestrong contending bidders for theproperty.Twenty-five dollars in gold, offered at the sale, was divided amongseveral f fortunate winners. Fivetied on the best guess, and a $10prize was divided, they receiving$2 each. The biggest crowd thathas attended a sale in this city foryears was present. The propertysold some time ago for $10,000. Thosale shows that contrary to the asertions of many,' Paris property isstill on the advance, with goodprospects for a continuance. Thfs"sale was advertised in several issuesof THE NEWS by the Paris RealtyCo. and H. L. Mitchell & Son, whoconducted it.FORMER PARIS WOMAN ARRESTED ON E0RGERY CHARGE.Mrs. Oliver Hazelrigg, 30, formerly of Paris, was arrested inAshland and taken to Huntington,W. Va., by detective Sam Davidsonon the charge of having signed thename of W. E. Berger to a checkfor $250 and cashed it at a department store in Huntington.It was alleged at that time shehas ppssed a number of checks andlocal police dug up ten of these andclaim six more aie still outstanding.She was given a hearing by XudgeKenned -of the earlier charges anilon a plea that she would make theamount good, she was released. Shewas in poor circumstances at thetime she told the court. Mrs. Hazelrigg had engaged a room at a hotelthere and paid one month's rent inadvance. She went there about amonth ago from Paris, where herfamily are well-to-do residents.Mrs. Hazelrigg and her husbandresided for a number of years at thehome at Plum Lick. Later theymoved to Paris where they madetheir home for about three yearsvMrs. Hazelrigg has been residing inLexington for about a year and hadonly recently left Lexington to makeher home in Ashland.BARGAINS IN PORCHSWINGS AND SHADESPorch Swings especiallypriced to close out immediately, regular $6.00 swings at$4.50; regular $8.00 swingsfor $6.00; regular $12.00swings for $8.50. GenuineAerolux Porch Shades at 25per cent off regular price.'These are real bargains.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY,Robneel Building.(June 29-51). oBIG AUCTION SALE OF ANTIQUEFURNITURERead advertisement in anothercolumn for description of antiquefurniture to be sold July 14-15."Property of Mrs. R. A. Blount. Saleon the premises at-10 a. m! For further information, see Stanjiope Wie-deman, or,HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(6-9-13) Agents. .PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRAND 'AND ALAMO. .To-day, Tuesday, July 6 ShirleyMason, in "Moliie and I;" WilliamDuncan in fourth episode of "The v?Silent Avenger;" Prizma . Color- ipicture. .To-morrow, Wednesday, July 1r vTonPMix in "The Feud;" EleventW-tHepisode, of "The- Lost City;" Topk,Wof The Day. "Thursday, July 8 MargueriteClark, in "All of A Sudden, Peg- ,gy;" Vod-a-Vil, Movies. '- .Gregg's orcheetra plays afleevnoon and evening. ' ,Mtt tI;i111?V'- h11. ji-5- , r-I",'.-5f c?.-j --K- ," BT JA tV -4 . arttf , - ",-;:;VAJ1 .."") v "":?'JtyX8PAGE TWOTHK BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY ft 192(7 "V.I lr.-!fr,THt BOURBON NEWSiiUMished 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationPiblisned Every Tuesday and Fridayer Year. .$2.00 8 Months . $1.00Payable in Advance.IWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Bfttered at the Paris, Kentucky,-Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)political Changes takegood men jrom officeAny erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.OTO FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Assoeiatura. Shicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perEach for first time; 50 cents per inchsch Eubsequent insertion.Reading Notices. 10 cents per line-3ch Issue; reading notices in black-type, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and'Similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesinst invariably be accompanied byie cash.With the cuose of the fiscal year,June 30, George G. Speei;, Prankfort, Democrat, retired as StateBanking Commissioner, to be succeeded by Jas. P. Lewis, Republicauformer Secretary of State, and J.Quincy Ward. Paris, Democrat, retired as executive agent of the StateGame 'and Pish Commission and issucceeded by Dr. R.S. Tuttle, Republican, Bardstown.The new commissioner is a banker of Whitesburg and a leading business man of Eastern Kentucky.He became Secretary of State in j1916, the only Republican elected,?nd as a member of the State Sinking Fund Commission made a favorable impression on Democraticmembers. He announced A. C.J Adams, Whitesburg, as deputy, andJohn E. Isaacs, Gravel Switch, totake charge of the blue sky law.J. Quincy Ward, retiring executive agent of the Game and PishCommission, is one of the bestknown and most devoted sportsmenin Kentucky. He is father of theact to consere fish and game, andhas been at the head of the department since 1912. He has destributed millions of fish from the bayous of West Kentucky and the Elkmost successful fish hatcheries inthe country at the Forks of Elkhorn, Franklin county, the nativehaunt of the famous small -mouthedblack bass He has imported Mexican quail and ' Hungarian pheasants and obtained a game preservein Bell county, which is stockedwith deer, now protected by a clos-cd season for five years.j Di. Tuttle, who is a dentist, iarranging hife business preparatoryI to devoting his whole time to thei office.o -'NOW WE HAVE THE CHAMP JOYl TlTe-DTTTTTT'-RHE FEELS IftillfYEAYOUNGER"It Was a Lucky Day For Me When-I Besan Taking: Tanlac, SaysS. H. Chesher.Guy T. SkeltoriPaper Hanging, Painting,rior Work a Specialty.125 Lamb 'Street, Claysville.E. T. Phone 638.2-4t) "Inte-IIIIIIiniHIHlllHIIIIIIIilillininillllllllflllllllllllllllllllfllllllllllllllllllllllHillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllfllllllllllHllllllllxWil'Liam K. Hacan cS'.ybN' Architect." G Engineer..Pae.i- Ky.Fiayr NATIONAL 5ANKTititii?itiii!t!iiif tiiiit;iiifjiiiiiiuiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiTiiiiiJiij;iiii!iitiiiiiiiitiiittiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimmmiEnrrrrgrrra ajroXOCTWSTOP. LOOK, LISTEN!About 1,500 persons were kiiled atrailroad crossings in the UnitedStates last year. Most of them werein automobiles. Some didn't look;others didn't listen, and very manytried to beat the train across thetracks.Men waste hoars and. hoardseconds. A fellow will loaf' all dayand then lisk his life in his iiurryto cross a congested street, or raceacross ahead of a train, to save a-minute! It's ti poor sort of thrift.What's the Iiurry? It's better toget there late than not at all.Everybody knows this, of couise!But, the headline that teUs of a family wiped out at -o railroad crossinghas become a commonplace of theday's news."Stop, Look, Listen!" is the classic.mong snappy slogans. Everj'bodyknows it by heart, but nearly everybody forgets it when he needs itjmost.TJnfnfn Mrliilnr ? ovvifn nf Tahigh piice of potatoes, is becomingpopular as a beverage in variousj parts of the State. It smells likethe o'd-time stuff, has a kick harderrihan East Tennesse moonshine andj is about the color of cider.State Enforcement Agent Hayessays that Western Nebraska alongthe Colorado and Wyoming borders is overrun with moonshinerswho are turning out this stuff, andjt is rapidly taking the place of bajlum, wood alcohol, concentrated lye,.sulphuric acid and a few suchI drinks comparatively harmlessalongside "spud" liquor.-'Spud"' whisky is sold at $2.50 ahalf-pint bottle-1-e-nough to lay outfour men of average capacity.-oECUMEK BOTOBON FARMER EE-COVERING EBOM PARALYSISGeorge A. Hill, formerly a resident of the Gfcnterville vicinity, ini this county, who has been undertreatment at the King's DaughtersHospital in Shelbyville, x for paralysis for several weeks, was ableto return to his home near Christianburg. ' Mr. Hill is a Confederate, veteran."It certainly was a lucky day forwe when I began taking Tanlac, forit has entiielv relipvpd hip nftroubles that had followed me' forthirty years," said B. H. Chesher,17C8 Indiana avenue, Louisville.Kentucky."For all these years I had suffered from stomach trouble and indigestion: My appetite had nevejbeen very good, it was seldom, ifever, I could find anything to eatihat did not hurt me, and therewere some things, such as pork orany kind of vegetables, I could noteat at all. After every meal myfood would lie undigested . and feelas heavy as a rock in my stomach, j1 gradually grew worse until whenI started taking Tanlac I was in arun-down, weakened condition."I hardly seems possible that amedicine can so quickly relieve aperson of troubles of such longstanding like Tanlac has me. Whywhile I have only taken two bottles, I have a splendid appetite andcan eat just anything I want, pork,vegetables, or anything else, without ever having a sign of indigeslion. Not only this, but I havegained several pounds in weight,and so much stronger 1 feel likea diffeient peison. In fact, I am ingood health every way, and feel atleast twenty yeais younger. Tanlacis all right, and after what it hasdone for pie. I gladly recommend irwhenever I have an opportunity.''Tanlac is sold in Paris at thePeople's Pharmacy. (adv)oUNIVERSITY 0E KENTUCKYSUMMER SCHOOL COURSE,MPIDIV.s J AIMS TO REACH 100" Jl l-iltsburgher, Who Caused a Sensation, Tells of Results.;'ANCIENT TONIC HIS SECRETand Happiness byHundreds of Thousands of Families Found HealthFollowing His Instructions.Six; years ago H. H. Von Schlickjson he pointed to his tonicjouiu oe seen any day visiting prominent Pittsburgh business men intheir downtown offices. He carried asatchel, and his arrival was alwayseeted by a smile indicating welcome. These men were his custom-Afterusing this tonic for 15 years I amready to guarantee to the world thatit is the best prescription for healthexisting."Every membra ot my family takesone dose each week, my relatives -allers. They drank at his "fountain of Use it, my friends and neighbors have:youth." They accredit him with atnew lease of life and the heaJSy con- and hundreds of thousands of peopledition of their families ; ,,- ... n ,, .,dition of their families.Von Schlick has bright eyes andIds cheeks. Indicate that pure redblood ffdws through his veins. He-tys he was younger at 50 ,than hewas at 35. He has never had a sick-spell or any- of the symptoms of the-aliments which afflicted him before''fie began using a tea, the ingredientsK which were conveyed to him by anold Bulgarian 20 years ago. VanSchlick makes this statement:"I was recovering from the grippe,"was run down, had a dizzy feeling InJthe head, and felt like the victim ofthe hook-worm. This old BulgarianIk&ew of my sickness and while in theofllice suggested, T will give you something to make you feel better.' Hereturned next day with a package andtold me to use one teaspoonful in aup of hot water, and to repeat thedoee once each night for a little while.He promised I would never be trou.hled from sickness again. I followedjthe prescription, skeptical, of course,-and one day later I was seeking thatbeen keeping health by reason of itold age weaknesses. They include4iente of that tonic100 YEARS YOUNG"He explained to me that in' Bul--gariathe older families regarded thistonic as the great disease preventative and health restorer; that it washanded down from generation togeneration. At the first symptom ofany sickness the mother or women ofthe family made the tea for all memr. It is a well-known fact thatBulgarians are the oldest and health,let people in the world."In Bulgaria and the Balkan countries of -Eastern Europe, in spite ofjpoor sanitary conditions, ;among 1,400,000 inhabitants there are " 1,600over 100 years old. In France thereis only one person in 1,000,000 over1W years old, and in Germany, onlyoe person in 1,150,000. It is a rarelews item in the Uuited States whena man dies after reaching the centuryMark."JCy 3ulgarian friend informed methat his progenitors reached this timeHti life and that they all had, a healthy.happy old age. 'Asked for a rea-in this CitV. all se.nsihle and wellknown, consider I have done them aneverlasting favor by convincing themof its merits."During all the, terrible influenzaepidemic Bulgarian Blood Tea wasused by countless thousands .of sufferers with marvelous success and millions of people took it steaming hot toprevent and ward off the disease.A 15-YEAR TEST"After 15 years of experience T am'positive that it will prevent sickness.It will restore your health by elimi-'nating the poisons. It will regulatedisorders of the digestive organs. Itwill increase poor circulation. It willrestore vitality, energy or strength. Itwill make your brain respond splendidly to the strain of modern business. It will give you a healthy,youthful complexion. It will prolongyour life and, with proper diet, youshould live to a ripe old age."Bulgarian Blood Tea today is usedby millions of people in every s'tatem the Unioa fighting off disease andThe Kentucky Federation of Wonen's Clubs of the State at the annual meeting in Madisonville inMay passed resolutions requestingthe University of Kentucky to offercourses in Citizenship and to outline a prograni of educational workalong this line. The University inresponse to' that resolution has announced a course in, Citizenship inits Summer School for the week beginning July 19. The course is opento all women of the State and isgiven fiee.The University has also announced that in i espouse to the requescfrom the women's clubs a generalconfeience on Ctiizenship, under theauspices of the Department of University Extension, will be held inthe early fall, perhaps in October.Notice to StockholdersThere will be a meeting of thestockholder of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company,Incorporated, at the First NationalBank, in Paris, Ky., on July 17th,tetween the hours of 9 a. m. and bp. "in., for the purpose of electingofficers for the ensuing year.C. C. CLARKE, President.D W. PEED, Manager.(15-td)Automobile Repair andMachine ShopOxy-Acetylene Welding. , All workguaranteed.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris; Kv.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)happy girls budding into womanhood or women crossing precariousthresholds of life. All praise andrecommend it. f Men regain strengthand vitality, the blood becomes richand pure and the fire and vim otrobust health returns to those whowere in despair.Bulgarian Blood Tea is guaranteedto contain just pure herbs of marvelous medicinal and curative powergathered from fields, mountains andvalleys of Europe, Asia and Africaah arug stores now keep BulgarianBlood Tea in stock, but owing to theenormous demand immediate application to your druggist is urged on account of the limited source of supply.Distributors of Bulgarian Blood Teaare authorized to return the full purchase price if it does not materiallyimprove your health in three weeks'time. Thjs evidence of faith in thepower of Bulgarian Blood Tea is theguarantee' of the Marvel ProductsCompany, Marvel Building, Pittsburgh, who authorize this public anATTENTIONOwing to my inability to secure istore to show my fine line of PlayerPianos, and Cabinet Talking Machines, am doing business at present at my sample room.Give me a call or phone and beconvinced of bargains. Severalused Pianos taken in excharge atcost. Cash or convenient terms maybe arranged. Latest music rolls andlecords for sale. Tuning and repairing done.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High StRepresentative J. H. Templema-nPiano Company.(22june-tf)ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MOREL AND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, otMillersburg, as Deputy, subject- tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon countv.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBouibon county.FORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. . 'Ben Woodford? Jr., wilL make -therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark -asTatx Commissionern Bourbon 'County, subject "to thew;.. Vi ,. ruujunftm; imtty.sSURELY your car deserves the best in tireequipment. Ajax Cord Tires are built to outwear, to outlast, and to give your car that snappy"well-shod" look. They are dignified, durable anddependable. Note that Cleated Tread. It holds.See those Double Shoulders of Strength.Use Ajax CordS and know real tire satisfaction.$. Phone 891Bis: 4 Motor CoEighth jHigh Streetsv4ia-SI3i t'v??o.'',W"Mr&wn cklf.?w-.- Vi'"VM-vIH8yN.THE Buick Valve-In-Head motor.car is internationally recognized as the "first choice car."It has gained this unusual distinction throughtwenty years of dependable service. -sMotor car purchasers have watched the performance of the4 thousands of Buick cars in dailyoperation and they have witnessed tKeir wonderful efficiency and endurance. Buick speed aridpower have proven to their satisfaction that"there is no substitute" for the Buick Valve-In-Head,and these buyers are demanding the Buickand patiently waiting for their local dealer'sability to deliver. yEach week and month, this list of buyers steadilyincreases those who delay in placing their ordersearly must expect a longer delay in ownership.Model K-44Model K-45PricmM f. o. b. Flint, Michigan$1595.00 Mode!Kr46, - $2235.00 Model K-49 - S18M.0O$1595.00 Model K-47 - $2465.00 Model K-50 - SOOPricmtReviimd April 1, 1920mit(B6)f ff. , 7""'When better automobiles are built, Buick will build themy -v& ?NyfsVrr'" jl-,. -I W-vifjr-O: S' Rail..Cor. Pourth and Pleiasant'Sis7 f r-k.,h"XP;r.jA.'55mUSS&IWdwswnrnr.hVr'&.j.$viS.V- 1J'V"KjhTUESDAY, JULY 6, 18 2ftthe; boukbon news, .park, .Kentucky?s)'AqK.JPBBHIff - -r a TTIMEgSSSgSgregJSaM"MODERNUNREST"A thrilling, vividlecture on whatanarchism and 'radicalism areplotting and at- "tempting, both 1abroad and inthis country.A Study of PresentDay Economicand IndustrialConditionsDonaldH. McGibenyNoted Writer, TravelerLecturer '6th AfternoonREDPATHCHAUTAUQUAJast One of 15 BigAttractionsSEASON TICKETS $2.75Plus 10 TaxTHE UHNECESSARY VACATION.Onqe upon ja. lime a man decidedthat he did not need any vacations,se he stopped taking them. Whenthere came a lull in his business hetook on outside employment, andhe bragged to his friends of his imperviousness to 'fatigue. Wheneverone of there began to plana'or theannual fishing or camping trip 'heAvould say, "I have not had a vacation in seven years. Not so -bad, isit?"Now, if Jiis friends were truthfulinstead of tolerant, they would tell.A BIT OF ADVICEFirst Don't Delay. SecondDon't Experiment. 'If you suffer from backache;headaches or dizzy spells; if youhim that it is just as bad as it jaiwrest poorly and are languid in thepossibly be; that in the seven years, j morning; if the kidney secretionswhile he has- increased his labors, are irregular and unnatural in aphe has not increased his income ap- pearance, do not delay. In suchpreciably; that from one of the most 'cases the kidneys often need help,equable of human beings he has be- Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallycome iiri table and petty; that a prepared for kidney trouble. Askyour neighbor. They are recommended by thousands. Can Parisresidents desire more convincingproof of their effectiveness thanthe statement of a Paris citizen whohas 'used them and willingly testi-sense of humor so delicate, yet socomprehensive, that it was a dailydelight to all who knew him, hasdisappeared entirely; tthat he magnifies casual temarks into studiedinsults, and the ordinary preoccupation of people in their own affairs. hes to thenworth?into deliberate neglect of him? that Win. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypresshis wife has grown to hate him and street, Paris, says' "Some yearsis considering a divorce, and hi& ago I found it necessary to use a(childien, who .used to adoi'e him as kidney remedy and as I had leadthe finest playfellow in the world, j about Joan's Kidney Pills, I usedtolerate him as a peevish 'bore who J them. They proved to be satisfachas to be pacified until he gets out ' tory and permanently rid me of theSOCIAL AND PERSONAL, iComings and Goings .of Ourifeople Here, There andElsewhere.onof the house.CONSTIPATIONNow Is the Time -to Get Rid ofThis Unnecessary Evil RightNow! New Method.j complaint. I have good reason torecommend Doan's Kidney Pills andadvise their use to anyone troubledwith a weak and lame back or iri egular passages of the kidney secietionsV Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tshnply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan't. Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Dudley had. Foster-Mil-burnCo.. .Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. ', (ady)oPARIS CHAUTAUQUA WEEK,JULY 6TH TO 13THThe reason the job looks big anddiscouraging i1? because we view thewhole thing at once, whereas we dojt a part at the time.I There's positively no longer theslightest need of being botheredwith constipation, stomach or livercomplaint as Pepsotone is guaranteed to relieve these disorders oi.your quarter goes right back intoJyour pocket.Simply get a handy twenty-fivecent box of Pepsotone from yourdruggist, take according to directions and within a few days youwill see that the bowels functionletjularly daily as theyshould.Sick headaches, tired-out feeling,sour stomach, heaitburn, sallowcomplexion all will be things ofthe past. A quarter bon containsniough tablets for a month's treat'ment. z. J1 ' - -T- - . nf25"?A sure to ask for Pepsotone asthis is sold under guarantee- ofmoney back if it fails to refreshtired .nerves, strengthen weakenedput snap of youth in(adv)"FRIENDSHIP TORONLY."'REVENUE1 issues andJyour s-tep.I'm the guy who never claimsyour friendship except when he hasa favor to ask.Sometimes I. don't even bother .tospeak to you for weeks, but whenl here's something you can do forme I begin calling you "old man"and pretend lo be your greatest admirer until I've kidded you into doing me the turn I was after.Then, when I've got what 1wanted out of you, I drop you again.By that time I'm rushing. some othereasy mark that I can use.All this bunk about true "friendship makes me tired. Friendsdon't mean anything to me unless Ican make 'em pay dividends. If Ican use them for something to myadvantage, I'll use 'em. If they'rein my vay, I'll step on 'em just asquickly. ' . " X' wr'-U.'la.'So don't ever expect me to do anything for you unless there's something bigger you can do for me. Andeven then don't count on me to doit if you serve me first.r4tii9mS.1What Is a Station to StationLong Distance Call?&&Mk$1Mrs. Richard Butler has returned from a visit to friends inCincinnati.Mrs John McGinnis has asguest at her home near' Paris, MissLaicille English, of Frankfort,Prof, and Mrs. J. T. Hazelriggof Shelbyville, are guests of the letter's mother, Mrs. C. A. Daughertvand family, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Fithian Lillestonand little daughter, Miss GeorgiaMay Lilleston, are guests of. the former s sters, Misses LillestonHiggins avenue.Rev. ' and Mrs. Ward Russellhave returned to their home in Little Rock, after a trip to Washington, New Yoik, and other points ofinterest in the East.Mrs. Louis T. Lilleston and twodaughters, Misses Dorothy and Elizabeth Lilleston, are guests of heiparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, m Hairodsburg.Capt. Jos Barlow, of Helena.-Ark., a former resident nf rh,.county, is a guest of John Allisonand otli,er relatives near Centerville and Jacksonville, in thicounty.Mrs. Henry Preston and MissAnnie T. Miller, of Ashland, andMrs. Sterling Cooper, of Montgomery, Ala., are guests of Mrs. Preston's bi other, Bruce Millei, ana ofMiss Nannie Miller, on Bank Row,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Watson Judy andson, John T. Judy, Jr., left Saturday for Buffalo, New York Therethey will join a party of friends ona motor tour of parts of Canada,along the St. Lawience river. Onthe letuin trip they will visit NewYork and Atlantic City.Miss Catherine Marsh, of Paris,is a member of a camping partycomposed of young people from Midway and Veisailles, in camp atCamp Idlewild, on the KentuckyRiver. The party is being chaperoned by Mrs. Frank Bohanon, Jr..Mrs. Wade Hdrton, Mis. S. AlfordBlackburn and Mrs. W. H. Edwaids,Jr.Wayne Taylor Cottingliom,bighlj alued member of the Lexington Leader's repoitoiial statf,will leave to-morrow for New Yorkon a ten-days' vacation trip. Hewill be joined at different points enroute by a number of other Kentucky boys, and a regular old-fashionedcelebration will be held inNew York on their arrhal.(Other Personals on rage 5) """E00D PRICES.The Department of labor in itsinvestigations has not been able todiscover any particular reductionin the prices of food Stuffs. Meatproducts have declined somewhat,but thex ultimate consumer has notnoticed the difference at the butcher shop. The farmers are talkingabout a strike because they, in common with everyone else, are payingexhoibitant pi ices for everythingthey buy. A half million soldiersleft the farms tp go to war and it isestimated that only fifty thousandhave leturned to farming as a livelihood, the majority being attractedby high wages paid in the industries. The exportation of foodstuffs in April of this year wtufifty per cent les? than for the samemonth last year, but even thoughthere were no exports whatever itis estimated that the greatly reduced acreage in crops planted thisyear would n6t be sufficient to takecare of the needs of the nation. The1920 crop is a shqrt one, and someof the leasons for it are enumeratedabove. It is reasonable to supposethat so long as crops are short priceswill remain high.oSCOTT COUNTY HOG COMMITSREAL SUICIDE4 JtEn-Ar-Co National Motor Oil, The use of poor oil means a loss ofpower, scratched cylinder walls, increased wear on bearings and othervital parts of the car, greater carbondeposits, more noise, higher maintenance cost and greater depreciation.Use En-ar-co and avoid this.G, R. BURBERRYPhone 277-J Centerville, Ky.Zgf a gf,vff Kc;sasUfiA&Mtt.gtfKiraSfe'SfiOufi ik;kaN station to station calls the person originating the call does not ,specify a particular person to be reached, but gives only the num- jber of the telephone called or the name or address under which !;the telephone is listed.The station to station rate is, and properly so, less than the rate for theperson to berson call. The company can, unless through is own fault, always reach any station desired connected with its system, whil it cannotguarantee that any particular person desired will be at the station to talk.Therefore, a station to station call represents a minimum effort and costto the company in establishing a telephonic communication between any twostations at distant points, and it is both logical and right that this rate shouldbe relatively lower than when the company must do other things at the request of the patron, such as not only getting a station connection, but alsolocating and getting a particular perspn to the telephone.The evening rate on station to station calls made between 8; 30 and 12: 00midnight is one-half the day rate. . The night rate on station to station calkmade between 12:00 midnight and 4; 30 a. m. is onerfourth die day rateReport charges are not made on station to station calls.If- there is anything about our rates and practices you do not underatanjltall the business office and we will be glad to explain the whole detail toCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COM&ANfY:rVi;A young; hog in Scott county committed suicide. A shoat weighing100 pounds, 'belonging to Cavaiiaugh Hughes, of Hinton, picked upthe butcher knife in its mouth. Mr.Hughes chased the ' animal when ittook to its heels, and dropped theknife as it started up the bank. Thebutt hit the ground first and thepoint entered the exact spot wherehogs are stuck in butchering.Within three minutes the animalwas dead.SNAKEBITE. NO WHISKY: MOONSHINE TO RESCUE! V"I WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers- in Central Kentucky. No agen'tsNo commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mfzssmAttention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market f!orYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from s.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.One of (he hardships of prohibition was exemplified at Tompkinsville, Ky., when Vester Curtis, ofthat city, was bitten by a, copperhead snake while he was drawingtobacco plants. There was no whisJrey available for the poisoned manand messengers were dispatchedpost haste' to Union Hill, Tenn., for'moonshine." Curtis' arm was badly swollen when the messengers returned and it was said, though hiocondition was serious, he has ach'ance to recover.oIf young men were wise and oldmen were strong, courthouses andpooi houses would be in the discard.COME TMJS FORPRINTIHGniigggigssaggsasiiijrrrHZHxl-s-jg aMSalt! IUse LiverpoolWill not harden in the barrel. Canhad at either end of town. Sold byCollier Bros.be rOffice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phono 2S7mnnmnnizrnninsnzEzzz:jMMmzM.ig-e'SJjgggT-jg.;wAnd Now we ai"e Making Contract ForitnFallPaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.-Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!.Fall is the proper time to dooutside wort Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.tMiwwt i naM-jf ft.Hi' N ' ft -.XI3K 1,4'ri'Smili HiKv-KANEBBO&. fw1VmmSellmdsHmt Phonf399PARIS, KEMTUCKYf-k-?&ST "ITrLi VZI .IIBJ5 'N..s.PACCTOUBTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY f, 1S2Master's Sale!!'MILLERSBURGROTTR-BON rrRCTTiT pottrt ! Regular meeting of City CounBOURbON CIRCUIT COURT fit CJty Wednesday eVen-Buckner "Woodford, , nig- v 'As Trustee, Etp Plaintiff I Regular meeting of Amityl Lodge No. 40, F. and A. M., thisVs. Notice of Sale. j evening.r m , W. E. Butler, of Covington, is aMay Jane burner Defendant est of his mother, Mrs. J. D. But-fler, and family.Mr. James Price and family, ofEscondida, were iestSOf Mr. and1f.n A T THoffnlt 'Qiirnloxr TJU3. S.. x. iuauutt, muuuuj.No mid-week prayer meetingsat any of the churches this week,on account of . the Chautauqua..lrs. Roy C. Pope, "of Ashland,arrived Friday as the guest of herpurents, Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce."The Glorious -Fourth" was observed here yesterday by closing ofThe banks, postoffice, and many bus-the Court L iness houses.-Under and by viitue of a juds-iznent and 'order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action 'therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, July 24, 1920at the front 'door ofhouse, in Paris. Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 11 o'clock a. in., will sell 'Lexington, wore guests of Mr. W. D.st public auction to the highest and Mclntyre and family, from Satuibest Bidder the following described day until Monday,properties: Mrs. Willie McVey, of Ewing,anived Saturday as the guest orMr. and Mrs. C. R. Jones. She was-Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Howard, of1. Lot 29 Convent Heights inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, fronting 50 feet on the east side of Weststreet, and running back the samewidth as in front lOOfeet to lot 12.bounded on the north by lot No. 28,on the s-outh by lot No. 30.Bo:ng: the same property convey- tinue two weeks.accompanied by her daughter, MissMaggie Lee McVey.Rev. P. F. .Adams, pastor of theMillersburg Methodist church, isconducting a revival meeting atHuichisr.n. The meetirg will coned to Mrs Jeanie B. Harmon byLillia C. Marrin and' Frank Martin,her husband, by deed of dale June4, 1902, of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court,in Deed Book 84, page 530, to whichreference is made.2 Lot 26 on Convent Heights inthe City of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the East side of Weststreet, fronting 50 feet on saidstreet and running back betweenparallel lines 100 feet to Lot No. 15.Being the same property conveyed to Mis. Jeanie B. Harmon byMaggie Connelly Ritchey by deed ofdate April 2R, r9D4, of record in the-office of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, in Deed Book 88,page 236, and by deed from Jos F.Ramp's heirs, by deed of record in.said office in 'Deed Book , page, to wnicli reference is made.3 The following two parcels ofland lying and being on the westside of West'stieet, in the City ofParis, Ky., and described as follows:Tract No. 1, beginning at a point inWest street, 'corner to lot 43, thenceS 54 feet with the. margin of Weststreet corner to lot 41; thence withthe line of said lot 89 feet to theLylesville line; thence N with saidline 54 feet to lot 43; thence E withthe line of said lot 94 feet and 6inches to the beginning. Tract No.2, A certain lot of land in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, being lot 41 onConvent Heights, fronting 56 feet onWest street and running back thesame width to Lylesville, a distanceMi55. H. C. Current, undeiwentt-n operation yesterday for appendicitis, performed by Dr. Bariow, atSt. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington.At this writing she is reported asdoing very nicely.The Ladies' Aid Society of theChiistian church gave a most enjoyable -picnic on the lawn at thehome of Mrs. John Marr, near thiscity. Everyone had a good timeand returned home happy.The M;Jlersburg Chautauqua,opened Monday afternoon, with agood piogram. If there are anypersons who have not purchasedseason tickets', do so at once, or youmay regret it. See next issue forfurther particulars of the exercises. -There were many social entertainments in the city the past week.Mrs. T. P. Wadell entertained ather home in honor of her daughter,Mrs. Walton Nelson, of Reading,Pa. -Mrs. B. W. Spencer entertained at her home wUh a five-hundredparty. Among the out-of-townguests were Mrs. Wm. Howard, ofCarlisle, and Miss Morford, of Ewmg. Mrs. M.'C. Grimes entertainedather home in the Butler Addition.- D -TAX PAYERS NOTICE.Tax payers arc hereby notified that our office in theCourt House is now open andready for business. Call andof 86 feet and 6 inches on the south - ;rt VOIIP Her parlv. Don tside and 89 reet on. the north side, 5 , 7 . . nmnoil0A frtit being lot no. 27. delay and be compelled toBeing the same property convey- oay a penalty .which is $50.00.ed to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon by I f 7 . ,..;., -iC aAJohn w. Bedford's heirs by deed of i If you are sick, notity us anadate January 28, 1907, of record inthe office of the Clerk of the Bour-1bon County Gourt, in Deed Book 89,page 377, to which reference ismade.4 A certain house and lot onWalker avenue in Paris, Kentucky,and described as follows:A certain house and lot in Paris,Ky.t on the West side of Walkeravenue, fronting 75 feet on Walker avenue, and extending back between parallel lines 225 ft. to Wescstreet and being the same propertyconveyed to Jeanie1 B. Harmon byLouell'a Ramp's heirs by deed of record in said office in Deed Book 87,page 281, tc v-hich reference ismade.we will call on you.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.. O "PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLS., oDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bill and save theleguTar discount. Pay to-day donot put it off it saves us troubleand savep you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(6-2t)Sal (I sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required' to .execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase moneyof each of the above describedtracts each due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at thelate of six per cent. (6) per annum from date of sale until paid.Said sale is made for the purposeof a settlement of the estate and adivision among the paities interested. 0. T. H1NTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C. C.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(6-16-23)The State Mutual LifeAssurance Societyof Worcester, MassachusettsIncorporated 1844 ,The sane, safe, reliable and trustworthy organizationwhich has served policy-holders honestly andfairly for the last seventy-six yearsBegs to Announce the Appointment ofH. L.MITCHELLAS AGENTS& SONXFor Paris and the Surrounding CountryOFFICE INFIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDING' - " ' BOTH PHONESSTOCK SPECULATION PJEEUI&EAND THEREAny number of communities havebeen fleeced by smooth-talkingagents' who have had oil and ohertttractne stocks to sell. The farnver ordinarily does not know stocksjfrid their value, "sohe should protecthimself r There is legitimate stock,but the task is to discqver which iswhich. Paris and Bourbon- countyhae not been heavily burdened, itis claimed, by the numerous shark?going around tbe countiy. IC yourbuy oiL or any other stock, investigate it thoroughly.DEAL ON FOR "PURCHASE OFB0ONESBORO BEACHAn announcement that will proveof interest to the people of Paris andBourbon county is contained in thefollowing message from Richmond:"Negotiations are pending betweenDrD. J. Williams, of Richmond,owner of the bathing beach, atBoonesboro, this county, and theChicago Ameusement Company,which owns a number of summerresorts over the country for th&purchase of this famous amusementplace. In case jthe sale is consummated, the beach will be made "aregular Coney Island resort."THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND II Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax.... 2fcTODAY, TUESDAYSHIRLEY MASONOne of the most delightful little stars onthe screenIN"MOLLY AND I"Also WILLIAM DUNCANin "The -Silent Avenger"and Prizma Color PictureTomorrow, WednesdayTOM MIXIN"The Feud"A story of the days when hearts wereyoung and men were bold and a spirit ofdaring rulecLthe world.j .Also JUANITA HANSENin the 11th episode of"THE LOST CITY"And "Topics of the Day"Thursday, July 8thMarguerite ClarkIn Ernest Denny Denny's famous stagehit ,"AllofaSuduenPegp"A breezy romantic comedy, ripplingwith youth and the joy of- life. A Para-mount-Artcraft picture.alsoA Sunshine Comedy"DANGEROUS EYES"And Vod - a - Vil MoviesVGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Evening. L.tW4V. 1rtVrt-I f " Mt-1!' r I J)f'!Hl Rna:s.r.? JL'.VoihqWhats become of the pnagainst automobiles beetheq frightened the horse(VNVKbtftii V-Select your tires mocording to the rod9they have to travel:In sandy or hilly countiy, wherever the goingis apt to be heavy-rTheU. S. Nobby.For ordinary countryroads The U. S. Chainor Usco.For front wheeb TheU. S. Plain.For best resultseverywhere U. S.Royal Cords.KTCORO-k-ai-USCO-PtAIN.t'OW cars are everywhere. The horsesJaave gotten used to.thbmand so has everybody else.Think of it ! This year theAmerican people will spendnearly a billion dollars ontires alone.Tires are one of -the biggest items on the car owner'sbills. sHardly a Saturday,- whenyou motorists drop in to"tune up" for a Sunday trip,.that one or more of youdoesn't ell us something ofvalue to our business. Sooneror later it comes back to youin Service.Service is what the carowners of this communityare looking for nowadays.MMAnd especially the smallcar owners, who put servicefirst in figuring their motor'ing expenditures. 4 -VIII ,- Just because a frian has amoderate - price car is noreason why he should get anyless service out of his tires.. We believe that the manwith the small car is entitledto just as good tire serviceas the man with the big carand both are entitled to thebest tire service they canget.That's why we representU. S. Tires in this community. - And why more car ownerlarge and small are com- m jing to us every day ior U, S.Tires. . ,IV -Come in and talk to usabout tires? We're here tohelp you get the kind of tiresyou want. -Vt .United Stat m s Tires5TIRE AND VULCANIZING CO. r. -'' IH - '- " II4-a.mWrM"- BOTH PHOIES 8 . C. iETOGllSJ'H. L MITCHELLW. E. MITCHELLa". -1!5--"V " ' " it mi'&- V.; ; - ' ' " Vt " C- 4,vxr. ? --TUESDAY, JULY Q, 1920THE BOURBOtf NBWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY2gBKa&lFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCEFor tobacco' hiil insuranceseeMcCLURE DONALDSON,Agents,First National Bank Bldg.(july2-tf)o -MELONS ON ICE.We have fine Georgia water melons on ice at all times all sizes andprices.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o-PAPERS WANTEDWe want several copies of THENEWS, issue of Tuesday, June 22,to complete our files Please mailor bring them to this oilice as soonas poble. We will greatly appreciate this kindness.oHEW AUTO OWNERSTin W. M. Phillips Co., of Lexington, sold last week to Robert Meteer, of near Hutchison, a Franklintouring car. The Lexington Cadillac Co. reported the sale and delivery of a Cadillac phaeton to Geo.C. Watkins, of Paris.r OBASE BALLThe Paris team defeated the Kiserton team Sunday afternoon on thelatter's grounds, by a score of 24 to7. The Paris and North Middleiown teams played on the BourbonGun Club grounds, near Paris, yesterday afternoon, resulting in atcore ofqWEEKLY WEATHER FORECASTThe weather prodiction for theweek beginning yesterday, as sentout by the Government observers atWashington, is as follows:For the Ohio Valley and Tennessee: Local thunderstorms probable first half of week; generallyfair thereafter; temperatures willaverage above .normal.WATER MELONS, 15 CENTS PERSLICE.Fine, red, juicy and sweet watermelons on ice at 15 cents per slice.(6-2t) J AS. E. CRAVEN.oHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED-(july2-tf)BIG AUCTION SALE OE ANTIQUEPURNITURERead advertisement in anothercolumn for description of antiquefurniture to be sold July 14-15.Property of Mrs. .R. A. Blount. Saleon the premises at 10 a. m. For further information, see Stanhope Wiedeman. orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS(6-9-13) . Agents.oREAD THE AUTO ADS.In this issue of THE NEWS, besides the regular run of automobileand tire advertisements, appears theads of the Ruggles Motor Co., andthe new concern, the 602 Tire Co.,a newcomer in the auto tire field inthis city. Both these firms are livewires in their respective lines, andthe people of Paris and Bourboncounty need look no further whenin need of anything in the line, ofauto supplies and tires. Read theads in this isuie. It will pay you todo so. ' "SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAYHave you seen the bargains inshirts that are displayed in oursouth window? If not a peep will 1make a customer of you. Our stockof straw hats is still unbroken, butthe price hassold a world of them.Better cet yours while we have thevariety and size.R. P. WALSH.ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do jl now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)-oREDPATH CHAUTAUQUA OPENS'HERE THIS AFTERNOONAll is in readiness for the openingof the Redpath Chautauqua, whichbegins in This city on the CitySchool grounds, Seventh street, thisafternoon. Thf programs will berendered under a mammoth newtent, capable of accommodatingseveral hundred people, and .will begiven under the supervision of experienced platform managers. Theirograms for the entire meeting"Virill form a rare combination ofwit, humor, pathos, instrumentaland vocal music, all rendered by artists in these lines.The Redpath entertainments havebeen foryean? recognized as the lastword in platform entertainments,and are known all over the countryfor the high class artists who havebeen enlisted in their--service. Theprograms -will be given each Afternoon and, evening up to and including Tuwisy, July 13, furnishing aoli4 waalcof raoet enjoyable entertainmeati fMr. Gre Ir.JjkOi'Win Marccharge of the proffraifce.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Airs Snmnol Xjt tttiii.- i. turned from -i visit to relatives andiiicuus in Winchester... OTeiUL.Stoker of Chicago, isSfnvt xt?!.?18 Cousin' Mrs- NellieMiss Anita Hatterick truest ofMiss .Edith Borw l!!:' Jls-fnome in Cynthiana, Sunday -nights-Charles H. Meng has returnedio nis home near Nnrth wM?ifltAmafter a sojourn at Olynroia Snrirurq iciation- , , ,Mrs. John T 'Clarke left fh' Mrs- Blanche Morehead hasday for Detroit Mich w W ,?I ' -one to Rochester, Minn., wherewill Je a guest of Mr' I A,l,e will enter the Mayo Bros.' HosRobert Clarke Ils' pital, for treatment. She was ac-Miss Pink Shropshire returned Jmanie? by her daUghter' MrS'home Thursday from an extended w K Griffin' T 4visit with her 'brother Ben N-' Judge Robert L' Stout' W re"Shropshire, ia Cincinnati ' Jcently closed the June term of Bour-Miss Elmeta Hinton of Pari' lbon Circll5t Court' in this S11' re"and Anna Mae Riblev" of New A' entlv underwent a successful opehany, Indiana, are g jests of MisVTation jn a uisville hospital, andEvaline Straughan, in Eminence " i is doin- very nicely according toMr. and Mrs. Edgar Sanford lale reports' Judge St??Z V1and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Larrimore was gallstones, from which he.hactind son. nf r,m,i0ni0 ,.. i been a sufferer for some time. HhMrs. Ben Holt and fair.il v nn mAiry avenue.i " ' r..Mrs. Benj. Buckner entertained with a delightful picnic suppeiat Xalapa estate last evening forMiss Augusta Glass, guest of Mrs.Swift Champe.Mrs. John Merringer and brightlittl son, Master Edward, have returned from a pleasant visit to relatives in Covington. John is allsmiles again.Mrs. John Yerkes will bev hostess Thursday afternoon, when shewill entertain at tea, for Mrs. LucienBuck, of South America, at her homeon Twelfth street.Edgar Vansant, of Granit?City, 111., was a guest Sunday and-yesterday of his parents, Dr. andMrs. -J. T. Vansant, ''on Pleasantstreet, in this city.Mrs. June Payne, of Tampa,Vlrrida, and guest, Miss VirginiaMitchell, of Parkersburg, W. Va.,,are guests of Mr. and Mis. GanoHijdreth, near Paris.Mrs. J. W. James, formerly ofParis, who was operated oh heroFriday by Drs. Kenney and Stoechinger for removal of tonsils, has returned to her home in Georgetown.Miss Mayme Cummins, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hosnital, where she underwentan operation for appendicitis someweeks ago, returned to her homeFriday.Frederick A. Wallis, Commissioner of Immigration, with headquarters at Ellis Island, near NewYork, 4is spneding a short vacationin Paris, and the county, as a guestof relatives.Mrs Allie Smith Dickson hasreturned from Des Moines, Iowa,where she represented the BourbonCounty Clubs as delegate to the annual meeting of the National Federation of Womans' Club".A large delegation of lovers ofthe thoroughbred and "the" sport otKings'" went to Latonia yesterdayto witness the contest for the bigIndependence Day Handicap, one ofthe premier racing features of theLatonia meeting.The opening dance" at theBoonesboro bathing beach pavillionFriday night .was a decided success,and was attended by several hundred people. ' Paris and Bourboncounty sent a large delegation. TheBoonesboro beach is one of the most?hTesons in that section ofithe StateA postcarfl from former Parisian Frank "R. Frrinsrpr. who is inSan Francisco says: "I am taking jm tne btg convention, interviewedJ. Ham Lewis, and secured a ticket.Heard Bill Jennings Bryan speak,also heard him in a lecture. MetDorsey Ray and had a nice talkover old times. He looks fit andfine. Says he cannot get along Iwithout THE BOURBON NEWS.Am thinking of making a trip soonto Honolulu. Inspected the" U. S: S,"Mississippi," now in harbor 4herowith the Pacific fleet. Sure is someBig Auction SaleOPAntique Furniture, Etc.iWe. as agents for Mrs. A. R. Blount, will sell onWednesday and Thursday, July 14th and4 5thbeginning at 10 O'clock a. m., the premises on Cypress Street, near thpOld Bourbon College grounds, and better known as the Fretwell properly, a lot of personal property. 'This sale will embrace a rare iot of household furniture, most ofwhich is antique and of the very best quality, consisting in part of ahandsome dining room suite; a number of bed room suites; rockers ofevery description; porch furniture; rugs; pictures; ornaments; china;cut glass and many other articles too numerous to mention.This will be one of the biggest furniture sales ever held in thecounty. Be sure and attend this sale and secure .some of thev manybargains., For further information call or. Stanhope Wiedemann, on thepremises, or ,HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, atFarmers & Traders Bank Bldg.Cumb. 'Phone 450.Home 'Phone 394. ' (6-9-13)TT-gfsl I Jiiboat. Convention is one big affair,pnd going strong."Mies Eileen Sun, of Lexington,is a guest of her cousin, Miss JessieMae Fee, on Fifth street, in thiscity.Mrs L. aloshin and daughter,Miss Macie, of Cincinnati, areguests of Mr, and Mrs. Sim Levy, inThornton Addiion.John and George Ardery, ofParis, attended the wedding m Lebanon last week of Miss MargaretMurray to Mr- James E- Durham.Drn Martha Petree returned Sat-urday night from Chicago, whereshe has been attending the session?of the American Osteopathic Asso-many friends in this city and countyhope he will soonhealth.be resored toFoundAn automobile tire and rim.Owner can get same by provingproperty and paying for advertisement. (C-tf) GEO. BATTBRTON.Lost HorseiSorrel horse, about 16 hands high,also harness and buggy. From thecounty quarry. Information leading lo recoveiy sent to THE NEWSoffice will be suitably rewarded.Ut-pd)Grazing LandI have grazing land to rent. Goodgrass, plenty of water; on Lexington pike, one mile from Hume andBedford pike.(6-2t)Call Cumberland Phone 1029.How Are YourTeetli?Have you everything for making them clean and white? Agood tooth brush is the first necessity. We have them at allprices from 10c to 75c each.Also a full line of dentifrices.Colgate's Tooth Paste 25cPepsodent Tooth Paste 50cPebeco Tooth Paste 50cSenreco Tooth Paste 35cA. D. S. Peroxide Toothpaste 30cChlorox Tooth Paste 50cMead's Carbolic MouthWash ...... .". 35cLilly's Dental Lotion 35cRubifoam Liquid 35cISozodont Liquid 35cArnica Tooth Soap .35cjb'ornay S tor the Uums foUCLilly's Tooth Paste 30cSamtol Tooth Paste.. 30cSee your dentist twice yearly.Brush your teeth twice daily.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky."7jjJ.lt. PhonographsUine and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! NO CHANGE!DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.fEPRUITT,MiIIer$bui-g,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERv ' FUNERAL DIRECTOR " -,Motor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.All Roads Now Lead to theMain Place of InterestGoing Out of BusinessWe certainly have been doing the business!Is it any wonder?When you, are right, people get on to you. Weare right m quality; we are more than right, in price,and our styles need not be introduced to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Seeing is believing. .jWe want youWe have the bargains at the right prices at ourGoing Out of Business Sale. .HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKY. "mIIi2vri?5' -3"vr dhTHE J.i-EITHERPHONE 3iMotor Hearse-1.NV ;' ' "XSSimon'sto come and be convinced.WhyNotBuyTheBest?'V'AutomaticRefrigeratorsAre.&-if j 'r v, 4T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYInvalidT : mir'-31J $&-v f1 -." - . ty ; iI i.I vn. -JLW""?.-MSIXTH AND MAN!. ' ." 'i,Ml,a-V-$l"hrtr4 '1 '??A1mS.V..w,ST j axittwBg. I!?, -J.Ajl-t.L.-&- -..,Jbteti &&i, . , .&t-"I." Hi,- -, . ,,w . -', $r- THE BOURBON, NETOPABIS, KENTUCKY ', TOisDAY, jitly ,fim1ACEBXTHE NEW STATUE OF LIBERTYAsK. forVHILL'SP ." .,?,' , ft 'v" ' "tT. IlVIn allfi, ,?I11V.1KIK1:IXIi1W;h f'.'.fiOpie Read IJJE Noted Novelist and3 Lecturer wDBsl fa hto latest lecture j"Human Natureand Politics"RedpathChautauqua50PIE READ haswritten and lectured to a clientele that numbers,millions.5 "Human Natureand Politics" is agreat lecturebased on a longand understanding knowledge ofhuman nature asit is.Jast One of 15Big AttractionsSEASON TICKETS $2.75Plus 10 TaxYEARFIVE MILLIONUSED IT LASTHILL'ScascaraENuinineBROffotStandard cold remedy for 20 yeartablet form fate, sure, oopiates break up a cold in 24Hours relieve grip in a aayi.(one? back if it tails. Tnegenuine box has a Redp witn Jr. nuiipicture.At All Dtum Stmrm'atv myBkJIV II 111 LWCPREDICTSFALL INPLOUE.PEICE OFAt the first 'day's session of theCommunity Millers' Association ofAmerica, held m Cincinnati, recently, there was a difference ofopinion as to the future price ofSour between Governor James M.'Cox, who addressed the meeting,and C. TV. Bansford, of Owensboro,Ky.t president of the association.Mr. Bransford in his addresshad said that he expected the priceof wheat to decline to $2.50 abushel in September, when the nexicrop came in and this decrease, hesaid, should mean lower prices forbread and flour. Governor Coxsaid:"Unless something is done to stopthe tide of labor running from thefarms to the cities, you millers willnot have enough wheat to grindinto flour and there will be ultimately a near approach to a foodpanic."Governor Cox gave as his remedyfor the .farm to city movement thebuilding of better schools.Before the convention opened R.D. Collins, of "Windsor, Minn., a governor for the northwest district ofthe association said that if he wasto hazard a guess as to whether theprice of bread would go up or downin the future, he would guess thatit would advance.oAt any rate, President Wilsondoes -not" undertake to prove that anArmenian mandate would be an asset to America.PARIS CHAUTAUQUA WEEK,JULY 6TH TO 13THMrs. Ellis9 CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.'. - " Vs- C -BRIGHTiVr,iVYJVPillNVriMB6 """X QIced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesJust HistoryELECT STRONGOUKTY BOAIThinking and-Patriotic PeopleIn Each County AreUrged To ActProblem of the Rural School Will BeWell on its Way Toward SolutionWhen Interest in School Matters IsManifest.IBoth PhonesFree DeliveryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does uassHer home was litBy flickering; Gas.But the stfrl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light. 'Paris Gas & Electric Co.Clnconvcated)IXW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment vBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky 'KKmflf S - ' "- ' " mm (HILUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money. 'Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyThe editor realizes the crisis in educational matters which Kentucky andthe whole country Is facing, so he hasbeen giving the readers of this papera series of articles, statements andcartoons to help put Kentucky on the'educational map. The reader recalls,of course, that the last legislaturepassed some strong new school laws;but with the miltipliclty of new lawson the statute books, he or she isquite apt to have a rather hazy ideaof the law creating the new CountyBoards of Education to be electednext November. As the act creatingthese County Board of Education Istoo long to be printed in full, theeditor is giving an outline of it below.The new County Board of Education is to be composed of five members electetTiirom the county at large.The candidates for this office are (Secured by fifty voters signing a petition to have each name placed on theballot. Any number of -candidatesmay be placed on this separate ballotwhich shall carry no party emblemor device, save the words "SchoolTicket." The five candidates receiving the largest number of votes shallbecome members of the County Boardof Education.This County Board of Education selects a county .superintendent ofschools and decides upon the salarywhich can' not, under the law, be lessthan $1,200 a year. The board willalso appoint In each school district atrustee who shall look after the schoolproperty; but shall have no voice inthe County Board.This same County Board of Educa.tlon shall fix the. rate of taxation forschool purposes In the county; butbefore doing so shall, with the helpof the county superintendent, makean itemized and detailed budget fofall school expenses.This act, also, provides Jhat theCounty Board of Education shall appoint at least one attendance officerwhose duties shall be to compel theregular attendance of all puplj children at schdbl as provided by law.It is needless for the editor to sayin conclusion that this new law willdo much toward faking the countyschools out of politics. If the thinkingand patriotic people of the wholecountry will Interest themselves In theselection and election of a strongCounty Board of Education, the problem of the rural school in the countywill be well on its way toward solution. Thevfact that the editor Is 'giving this space to a discussion of thescnooi proDiem when newsprint Isjboth scarce and expensive and theI added fact that prominent men are(writing strong statements for thepress urging the people to get beihind their schools, means that wev'must make our rural schools better ifwe are to have a contented population in the country, and thus strengthen the natlomLH OF TEACHERSSIMIS PROBLEMSolution At Moment Is Selection of County Boardsof EducationmTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car, its, stabilityconstruction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the .low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utilitv beyond questionthat all can afford. We will oe pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car- accessories, sell thegenuine 'Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor Company. . Bank Row, Paris, Ky.Kc CP.jKHtiK:SIT5Tiv.--?- ,4Every Real, Fine, True, Red-BIoodedMan and Wortjan In Kentucky Urgedto Get Busy at Once and InterestThemselves in School Matters.EDUCATION KILLS AGITATIONGovernor Alfred E. Smith of IsTewYork, has the following rto say concerning the value of education :"The best way to meet the "evils of-(ultra-radicalagitation IsIth the reason which proper education applies."I regard education a&the. best remedy.ior misiMXt or false political 'conception." yEvery county in Kentucky was shortof rural teachers last year. Everycounty in Kentucky will be shortteachers again this season. This is aserious proposition especially as thenumber of men and women passingthe examinations lately held for teacher's primary certificates was quitesmall. Of course, the new minimumsalary of $75.00 per month for ruralteachers will help the situation in thefuture; but the best possible solutionof the problem right at this moment isthe selection and election of a strongCounty Board of Education at theNovember election.The reader should not think of thisproblem as a strictly Kentucky affa'irfor it is nation wide aild extremelyserious. Dr. P. 'P. Claxton, Commissioner of Education of the UnitedStates, recently asserted before theNational Citizens' Conference atWashington, D. C. :"The new conditions require thatthe schools shall be more, efficient andmore effective than they have beenin the past and we are faced with thedanger that they may not be as effective as In the past. We are confronted with a great 'shortage ofteachers, and there seems to be littlechance of immediate relief. According to the most careful estimates thatcan be secured, between three hundred and four hundred thousand children were deprived of schooling thispast year because of school closed asthe result of shortage."Even more serious is the rapidlygrowing number of sub-standardteachers. More than 'half the teachers of the nation 350,000 are notprepared on any reasonable basis forthe work of teaching, a reasonablebasis being understood to mean theminimum standard that progressivecommunities have long Insisted upontwo years of professional trainingbeyond the four-year high-schoolcourse."A conservative figure for the number of new teachers that will be required this fall is'llO.OOO. It is morelikely to be 120,000, and It may reach150,000. The graduates of normalschools this year will "be 25 per centfewer than in 1916; they will totalabout 16,000. If we add to these thelargest possible number we can conceive of from other teacher-traininginstructions, we shall have at the outside v30,000 prepared teachers to fillthe vacancies, or a deficit of at least,80,000."Good County Boards of Educationhave always been n'eeded in each andevery county in the state ; but theyare today a vital and absolute necessity' for the welfare of the county, thestate and the nation. Every real,fine, true, red-blooded man and womanin Kentucky should get busy at onceand see to it that the n$v Boards ofEducation are composed of citizenswho will do big and .constructive workfor the boys and girls on the farms.4UU9ffiv) LOCAL ioncd7swncemrnjRTTVISaid tlie City Builder"I am proud of my town," said the CityBuilder, "and I want to see it grow."'1 don't knock' its public utility companies:I want to see them prosper, because the townn can't grow unless they can grow too."ieI try to be as reasonable when dealingwith a public service company as I wouldbe with any other business institution intown, and I don't ekpect their operation tobe 100 perfect all the time, because I havenever yet found any human or any machinery,in any line of business, that was absolutelyinfallible.""And when I have a complaint to make,for instance, about the telephone service Ido my complaining to the telephone company!" c"At Your Service" , -Paris Home Telephone and Teleerauli Co.(Incorporated,)J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.) LOCAL IWTTTTTTIwKA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing oM clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, "must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 ' Home Phone 169MlllllllHrt.gAfa,JilUllaA,l,jUaagS3gg3BTHINK IT OVERA letter reaching the Bureau ofEducation at Washington lately froman ordinary; citizen contained the following pithy .sentence: rMIn the city they won't give peoplewith .children a hduse; and In thecountry they wont give us a -school.";ggggi;g3MtrHciiMmjimMTiWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken 'Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of. laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally that. you have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home Phonographi s. &W. SPICERMAIN STREET..f 't . -W. COURT HOUSE0rj. hi iin. ii, uci waucLUiiy.Ti ' , x 5,v .f 2.W-r jW" ?;y1-&-.1 -iysA--VL f-' r i "t- AVT?Sr1 'f?-,r - jj 'K'".r I;ft m .-thttdkjlk.m, -,it., . , .:&jtLJ j4,T"TUESDAY, JULY 6, 192D.WATCHTHE BIG 4Stonach -Kidneys-Heart-LiverKeep the vital organs healthy byregularly taking the world's standard remedy for kidney, liver,,bla&cer and uric acid troublesft-i'3'A-., - i. ,-Is "X ',.'. j THE BOURBON NEWS, PAJBI8. KENTUCKY V '3v, ' V tv "' ' ri MTT A ., ' 'T? 1I71I? i - .11 i - .-. i l twjunerson w imams company - - 'v ,3v t m 1GOLD MEDALi,-:: . rBik j I ' .The National Remedy of Holland forcennnes and endorsed by Queen Wilhelmina. At all druggists, throe sizes.Look for the name Gold Medal on orry boxad accept no ixnitatioaeng:SHMAN TYPEWRITESWORDS A MINUTE.1337p'.writing 3,990 words at therate rf 133 words per minute, R. G.Pur- - at the Agricultural Hall, inL"n- t Er.g., beat the record madeIn .ir American of 132 words permimr.e and won the world's champions'"? Th is fhe second world's recordon i Curtis, for a few days agehe avained a speed of 173 in onemimre, beating the former American rcord of 144 words.C ;is is now awaiting challengesfrom Ameiica on his two recordsrnd declares, himself open for a contr .a any time.n ether feature of the eveningwas a speech made by Edgar Wallace, the novelist, who said thatto-day j here was haidly an expertoperator to be found. '"They say they are efficient," jaid Wallace. "Then they stop you 1,u the middle of a sentence to ask !f thtie is an 'o' in balance or if 'KnuWiHir I a iic vv uiiuci iui olui y i .--',J mMiratwmVcA . -, rinHirj i 'c iEw.so. j ,ww vr :h i i i n1 i ' nil ! i f.- : sx . jl tflKMrIAT , UMBZHBSW.M M - , -r- s "noj mvixs rsRj k-5 xis-.L5 i im .The Wonderful Storyof the Sedan-V?Extraordinary Stamina and Comfort - , '- 'sResult From Triplex Springs j . ' - A !The Williams company, which appears at the Iiedpath Chautauqua hereis composed of Emerson Williams, baritone, and Jean MacNeil, contralto.i They feature popular Scotch songs in costume both in duets and in soloi selections.WYOMING MAN BEQUEATHSbo! 16-year-old stock, which willfnimri hfihind n. Kfio.vet. nnnel nearLIQOUIt TO HEIRS Hie fireplace in the library. Also,in token of my love and affection,"Eicher T. Joe Fisher, .pierk of cle slall have the last three bottles-Fnrmvan i nelled with one or two i u "' ut-.veuiic, ""b, " ot ocotcn, wracu are secreieu iuh.urop.an l penca witn one or two taking. reckl3SS liberties with the She piano'iV(nfW rr I trrtuv.iai ca . i i. . j i j . i ..-. fx a :ias ueen cuii.sisLmrL qui ingr uuuul oudUr!?f H ,S?.3i8iSj IbeSn flied in his omce a S wS11UL C.C Ul L11C111 wa,o V1IJ faVUU. , , , foefnlv,nf v..l,;1, rx,.rxyriAazIS '"iIn conclusion, Wallacethat he had employed S3reputation for veracity to which heBONDIfeuseitwheirPRINTINGGOOD JOB!Give. UsYours; been filed in his office a' and testament whichamong other things, rhat a bottle of"prime whisky" slum be buriedwith the testator, and that each ofhis two sons shall receive from hisestate "three cases of fairly goodrye, which I managed to hold onto."I desire that ail my lawfuldebts shall be paid," says the will,"including my funeral expenses and unpaid biils for two casesof Bourbon, five bottle of 'gin andthree bottles of rye, which will befound among my effects unless themourners should happen to get tothem first."Another clause of the will reads:"To my beloved wife, who hasstood by me all these years, and"vho has often been just as thirstyas I was, I hereby bequeath all myAfter providing generously forihe sons to the extent of threecases of rye each and for the placing of a pint of. liquor in the coffinof the testator, the will concludes:"The 'remainder of my estateshall be turned over to my relatives,to quarrel over as they see fit."PERSHING IS "SIR JOHN" INBRITISH "WHO'S WHO"The position taken by Englishmen in controversy waged somemoths ago before General Pershingleft England is indicated by "Who'sWho," the biography published inLondon', which describes Gen. Pershing as follows:"Pershing, General Sir John Joeral Pershing, G. C. B."The "G. C. B." indicates that theleader of the American Expeditionary Forces is a Knight of the GrandCross of the Bath.Read this challengeby the Edison Laboratories, and come in to hearthe phonograph which stands behind it.-.--W)An Inritationto Talkmg-MachineManufacturers ."We are informed that the represemtadres of one or more talking-machinemanufacturers havestated, on several occasions, thatthey are able to distinguish be-.tween a singer's voice, or instrumentalist's performance, and theNew Edison's RE-CREATION fsuch voice or performance.""We hereby invite responsiblerepresentatives of any reputabletalking-machine manufacturer topermit themselves to be blindfolded, and to listen to suchracomparison, in the presence of ijudges of their owri chs-osing, in- 4dicating to the judges when ?they think they are listening tothe artist, and when to the NewEdison. There is only one condition attached, and that is thatthe representatives of the talk-ing-machinccompany, and thejudges selected by them, shallsign a written statement, settingforth, in full detail, the results ofthe test"V"The test will be made with anOfficial Laboratory Model, takenfrom stock, such as can be boughtin any Edison dealer's store."(signed)THOMAS A. EDISON. Inc.We have it iix our store the Official LaboratoryModel specified in the challenge. -Read the "Invitation to Talking-Machine Manufacturers." Its printed here, just as the EdisonLaboratories sent it out. sNEW-EraSON '.a,1w.Ci"Tk$ PkwtrMpk with m S$ul'-AThe Official Laboratory Model has proved itsRealism in 4000 Comparison Tests, made before3,500,000 people all over the United States andCanada. For instance, in Los Angeles recently,an audience of 1,500 people was unable to tellthe difference between the living voice of MissMarie Morrisey, world-famous contralto, and itsRE-CREATION by the New Edison.There's a way for you to test the wonderfulRealism claimed for" the Official LaboratoryModel in this sweeping challenge. We give Mr.Edison's Realism Test Come in fcand let us giveit to you.The price of the new Edison has advanced lessthan 15 since August 1, 1914. Mr. Edisonhas absorbed the bulk of the increased costof material, skilled labor, and taxes. He is determined to keep the New Edison within thereach of everyone. But conditions may forcea price-advance. Buy your New Edison now!Our Budget Plan makes it easy. It is systemapplied to spending. Ask about it.Oberdorfer, the DruggistiRgSiILJtfJSS&muTHROUGH DESERT HEAT, mountain cold; andthe, rough broken waste of the western dry plains; anOverland Sedan piloted the trans -continental armytruck train all the way with a perfect score. It'establithed an extraordinary reputation for comfort onaH roads in all weather. The Overland Sedan is theidtal economical all year car to buy now.ii- a?I; rV.H Touring ;$0S5; Roadster, $985; Coupe; $1525; Sedan; $1575Prices f..b. Toledo, subject tehaasewitktBtissPhone 584PARI? OVERLAND CO.c.Tenth StreetV-IVVilStill on the general principle thatCaranza had sough the Presidencyof Mexico it was suicide.HudoalFs Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11:20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle. .... .12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel .."..12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg 1:90 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p.m.Arrive Millersburg 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 -p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel ..2:25 p.m.Both Phones 204.:M:Bourbon Laundryi DAVIS& FUNK, Proprietorsj Telephone No. 4West Fifh' StreetSATISFACTION;OUR WATCHWORD!.' - I.vjyWith all the latest improve- mmerits in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we1 are JJ'prepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.XINTERTJRBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M." 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00LexinsrtonA. M. 6:45A. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50v P. M. 8:15. P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(r) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANVSUMMERSHOWING' VOILE DRESSESGEORGETTEDRESSESrand a most extraordinary show' ing of the latest styles inLACE ITSTwinBros.iThe Bourbon Laundryr j'aris, Kentuckyi64A SURE TIPyPut Your Money on vOne of OurSuits arid YOU CANT LOSE?You'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts' of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for' theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.SpecialValues$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, UnderwearSlack SwanMr CtethesSAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIH BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.--'m-jJlVlnv i3 Mi I-.iji.lKSSI-?1 (Department StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, PrtprMfr; 7th arnd Main " ,.. Paris, JKy4ir "-"4 V,"?:'Vii . vJKP" i"y-i,14.,'. 'XAJt . .k. "a?"ymf!1I1 i!wII'-iJ9 1'- .-PAGE EIGHTTHE BpURBON NEWS, PAMS KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JXJLT f, 1130- ... . -.. - ' - r 3-, , - - '..-- . J . - fWould You Call Our Service Carif you knew we would change your tire any place withinthree miles of the court houseHH v H'IHHH-1 Tpatch your tube oh the grounpatch and only 25c pernly charge you for thend the three-mile limit?Why get your clothes dirty or ruin a tire or tube running it flat?ruA602TIRE & VULCANIZING COMPANYLook For the Black Boy with the White Car R-c- ""N. H. TAYLORMANAGERAttend this sale. Youwill be surprised anddelighted.Saturday, JuBy 3, at 9 A. ML, begins our Bannertening days Saturday, Monday andTuesday. .Former prices or values not considered.Entire stock on saieat reduced prices.We must unload toraise cash money.A Sale of tremendous Money-Saving possibilities that viiSB make ibis event the Bargain Sensation of many years!OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF SUM IV SHOES AND OXFORDSto be on sale, without reservation at cut prices positively below cost of manufacture. Delay everything to come to thisgreat sale Saturday and buy quality footwear at sacrifice prices worth almost double the amount you pay at this sale.Read these items carefully. We have a number of lots of which we have a limited quantity. Be sure to see them.$7.00 and $8.00 Grades Reduced to$4.95Ladies' Dark Brown English Oxfords, Black and Kid,Patent Pumps and Oxfords, high and low -heels, now 5pr."5$11 to $14 Grades Reduced to$6.95Absolutely highest grades, Black Suedes, one and twoeyelet ties, Brown Kid, Black Kid Patents, all ocnewest styles, now 5pO.K$7.00 and $8.00 Grades Reduced to$4.49Oxfords and Pumps, high heels, low heels, Black GlazedKid and Patent Leathers. m mNow $4.49Extra Special While They Last$6:5b AND $7.00 GRADES REDUCED TOA variety of newest styles umps and Oxfords at 3.95.$3.95Extra Special While They; Last$6.00 AND $5:50 GRADES REDUCED TO.Black Glazed Kid English Pumps, High Heel Pumps andOxfords, now $3.45.$3.45Ladies', $5.00 Low Heel Pumps in PatentReduced to $2.69Ladies' $4.00 Strap Slippers, also WhitePumpsNow $2.49..SJ YV J S I LI ALadies' $3.00 Strap Slippers in Kid and Can- Ladies' $2.50 White v Canvas English Lacevas Pumps Oxiordsx Now $1.99Now $1.85Men's $8.00 Tan English vand Wide ToeLasts, Shoes and Oxfords,Reduced to $5.85'Men's $7.50 Shoes and Oxfords " .Reduced to $4,95Men's $7.00 Gun English OxfordsReduced to $3.99Men's $5.00 Tan Scout ShoesNow $3.69Misses and Children's $&.59 OxfordsNow $2.45Misses' $2.00 Canvas SlippersNow $1.49Infants' and Children's $1.50 and $2.00Grades, sizes 3 to 8Now $1.00Where Beauty aridEconomy ReignDMCOHENis' GreatestShoe Store4fcWMnMJUMMMMffUsn;--N,r-- -r,- N-v.P - ;i.x'-r..-. fb32ftE..3Lj-k ""N