s 4-J -- " qyc-, j-f' -v -yI' - . - ,','-Hews.-" - T- Vfc irfJ. iSi(Sr''THEttLls':' v, "ir- .a fr- -f,PUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KBNTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 17, 1920BOURBONTIGGETT & MYERS BEGIN W0Ku ON BUILDING.The Llgget & Myers Tobacco Co.,0f St. Louis, began excavation workvesteiday preparatory to erectingon" their lot in South. Paris a mammoth tobacco storage warehouse,which will have a capacity of eightthousand hogsheads of tobacco. Theconn act for erecting the building isheld by George Rommell & Co., ofLouisville, who will bring to Parisabout one hundred bricklayers, carpenters and other workmen neededin the building work.The new building will be ofbuck and stone, and adjoins their'lai-e reuryius v111 X1L uuuiu x-u.ria.It will cover two acres of grounda. a 11 be as near fireproof as modem (-instruction can possibly maket The Liggett & Myers people arejt stalling a new redrying mac'iir ".Inch will increase the capacity of their plant to 200,000po iv""- of tobacco a day. Over twohunuird people are now employedcery cay in their stemjmery depart:i ent. Other improvements in thePariJ Tobacco district are contemplated and will soon be under way,including a new redrying machinefor the G. O. Tuck Co. These impro orients are being made in anticipation of the sale on the Parismarker m the coming season beingincreased to the extent of 20,000,000pound of tobacco. These will addto the city's levenues in the way oftaxes, and will also give employmentto ? Ir.ige number of people, whosewraa-es aie spent with the Paris merchants.oPIEPEK STORE TO BE LOCATEDHERE.One cf a chain of the H. H. Pieperfive and ten-cent stores will be located in Paris, according to the extension plans of the Pieper Company, as recently announced. Otherstores are already established in Mt.Sterling and Cynthiana, and immediate arrangements are being madefor the opening of stores in Hazardmd Lexington.The expansion plan includes establishing stores in Paris, Georgetown, Winchester, Maysville, Danville and Louisville, making twentyfive in the State. Representativesof the Pieper Company will cometo Paris soon to "look over theground" and find a location.oLITTLE CHILD SCALDEDThe two-year-old son of IVJr. andMrs. William Cooper, sustained severe burns about the face, neck andarms, at the family home on Walter avenue, when, he pulleda teakettle of boiling water from the topof a gas stove. The little fellow wasgiven meaicai aia ai once, xxs injuries are painful, but not serious.Think less about your rights andmore about your results and you'llbe surprised how it will improveboth of them.MASS MEETING IN INTEREST OPROAD BONDSWith a view to stimulating interest in the movement for bettercounty roads, and promoting thesale of road bonds, a mass meetingot the citizens of the city and county will be held in the court houseto-night (Tuesday) at seven o'clock.All those who travel the roads ofthe county, members of the Commercial Club, and all other publicspirited mien are asked to attendthis meeting. The object of themeeting is to aid in the sale of theroad bonds recently issued by theBourbon Fiscal Court, and placet?in the hands of the Road Commissioners for sale by effecting a working organization to take hold andpush the sale of bonds. This will bevery necesAiry in order to securefunds with which to continue thework of improving the roads ofBourbon county this year. Owingto the importance of the objectsought to be accomplished it is hoped there will be a large attendanceof citizens who will give their aidand support to the organization.EPIDEMIC OP "BOY BURGLARS"CITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSThe Paris Board of Council (met inregular session Thursday night atthe Council Chamber in the CityHall, with a full Board and MayorE. B. January presiding.A resolution was introduced calling for the improvement of certainsidewXks and driveways, to be constructed of concrete. All citizensresiding on Main street, betweenFourteenth and Twentieth streets,were ordered to tap sewers and gasmains before the work of reconstructing Main street begins. A petition signed by citizens residing on.High street, between Fifteenth and.Sixteenth streets, was presented,asking the Council to have an arclight installed in that vicinity. TheParis Water Company was instructed to lay a two-inch water main onVirginia avenuer- The Council ordered a traffic officer stationed onPleasant street for one week, to arrest all violators of the automobilespeed laws. The street has onlyrecently been improved witn concrete and it is said the automobilists have been making a speedwayof it.A special committee, cqmposed ofCoun oilmen Spears, Williams andHugh Brent, was appointed to takedp with the Boaid of Tax Supervisors the matter of an increase in thecity assessment. Owners of property on north Pleasant street wererttTflnd thaL Micmiinovemeiit -Cummittee will inspect the constructionof that street on Wednesday, Aug.3 8, at ten o'clock, a. m., and willherr complaints, if any, as to its acr.anoTino r.iHy.fins residing: onThomas avenue petitioned the Council to have gas mains installed onthe avenue before the coming orwinter.During the past few weeks Parispeople have been sufferers in a financial sense from the depredationscommitted by a number of boythieves, both white and black,whose ages ranged from ten to fifteen years. Very recently the roomsof County Attorney T.S D. . Cline,Charles Kenney and Harry Jones, atthe residence of Mrs. Mary IrelandDavis, on Duncan avenue, were entered and a variety of articlesstolen.A few days after the robbery hadbeen reported to the authoritiesSheriff W. G. McClintock arrested ayoung white boy, who had been reported as having in his possession alevolver stolen rrom tne trunk mthe room occupied by Harry Jones,and -vas trying to dispose of it. Theboy was placed in iail, and the sameafternoon, after Jailer Thos. Taulhad admitted a nupnber of visitors,the boy managed to squeeze throughthe bars at the door leading intothe jail proper and made his escape.Friday afternoon two negro boys,neither of whom is over twelve yearsold, held up a young white boy onCypress street, relieving him of asum of money. They were found inbed at their homes by PatrolmanRobt. Lusk, to whom they confessedtheir participation in the hold-up.They were placed in the Paris jail.Scarcely a day passes but somecase of petit larceny and sneakthievery presumably the work ofyouthful crijminals. is reported tothe authorities. The officials are ata loss as to the proper way to dealwith these youthful criminals, owing to their tender ages," as manyare said to be too young even to besent to the State Reform School.But something must be done to curbtheir tendencies before they developinto full-fledged criminals, destinedfor the State Reformatory.oCOLD CHECK WORKERSLast week THE NEWS had anitem in reference to Paris merchantsbeing made ictims of "cold cheks"workers. Iast Friday the game wasworked with successful financial results in this city.A young man, about twenty-fiveyears old, smooth face, dark hair,weighing about 150 pounds, andabout five feet ten inches inheight, passed checks on H. M. Collins & Co., and the Farmers' SupplyCo. At each place he presented acheck for $30, drawn on the FayetteNational Bank, of Lexington, andsigned with the name of J. B. Gilmer as Clref Clerk of the LexingtonPower & Transmission Co. Eachcn'ecfrJbmt!rsigned wTflfthenajme of E. B. Coulther. Purchasinga small amount of merchandise hewas given the difference in cash,and vanished from the scene. A fullTOBACCO CUT-OUT NOT FAVORABLY J&ECEIVEDBourbon county tobacco growers,apparently content with their prospects, ata not take action on theproposed cut-out of theol921 crop.No meeting was held here Saturday.The concensus of opinion among thefarmers is that there is no necessityfor a such a movement at this time.Bourbon was not represented at theother meetings in any way.DAUGHTER OF FORMER PARIS iBEAUTY TO WED.Mr. and Mrs. William Miller Graham, of Santa Barbara, Cal., NewYork, and Newport, have announced the engagement of their daughter, Miss Geraldine Miller Grahajm,to Whitney Warren, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. Whitney Warren, of NewI York and Newport. The wedding is;OHIO DEMOCRATIC JTOMTJCttWELL-KNOWN HEREThere will be no cut-out of theBurley tobacco crop in Kentucky in1921, reports received from twentyleading Burley producing countiesof the State indicate.Planters of ten of the leadingcounties aie unequivocally againsta cut-out, m one. sentiment is divided, one favors a limited cut-outmid six stand for an absolute elimination of the Burley crop in 1921.The sentient x of leading Burlevcounties of Kentucky on the proposed cut-out, as snpwn by actiontaken at meetings Saturday or a"pieviously indicated, follows:Anderson, against cut-out; Bath,for cut-out; Bourbon, against ;Boyle, against; Carroll, for cut-outand growers' organization; Clark,taction deferred until after convention; Fayette, against; Fleming,for cut-out; Franklin, favors limited cut-out; Harrison, against;Henry, against cut-out, favors curtailment; Jessamine against; Marion, no meeting held, sentiment divided; Mason, for cut-out; Mercer,action deferred until January;Montgomery, for absolute cut-out;Nicholas, for cut-out; Scott, againstcut-out; Woodford, against cut-out.to be an incident of next Februaryin St. Thomas' Church, New York."Mr. Warren is a member of anold New York family, to which hebrought fresh honor won in thewar. His parents have for manyyears maintained close relationswith Paris, where his father, aneminent architect, wasNewton Bronson, of Defiance, O.,has received the Democratic nomination for Congress from the FifthCongressional District by a majority approximately 500, notwithstanding the fact that the district isstrongly diy. Bronson was nomin-ated on a platform advocating anamendment to the Volstead act permitting the manufacture and sale ofbeer and light wines. The Antl-i Saloon League made a special driveagainst him. There were four othercandidates, including former Con-graduated I gressman John C. Snook, of Paulding.Bronston is well known here,where he appeared several yearsi ago in tne tneatncai ousmess,rep-from the Ecole des Beaux Arts."Mr. Warren went to Paris in1916 and for six months servedwith the Harjes ambulance corps.m whin hA sprvPrt siv .months, af-1 ! beinS at the head of a stronter 'which he entered the French ar- j ertoire company that filled severaltillerv' school at Fountainebleau, engagements in the local Operawhere he received a commission inthe French army. Subsequently forheroic service he was decoratedwith the French War Cross withthree citations and with the FrenchMilitary Medal."In September. 1918, he waswounded and in December of thatyear returned to New York. He isa member of the Racquet and Tennis Club.""Mrs. Graham was formerly MissBirdie Pollock, ofHouse. He was here afterward, inadvance of the Reynolds sisters,vaudeville stars, and is well-remeni-beredby many Paris people.IHTTT, TOP GUN CLUB TOTOURNAMENT.HOLDBOURBON GUN CLUB.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSEarly Fall ShowingofSuits '-' CoatsDressesSkirtsFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaistsJust ReceivedFRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERS61description of the man was furnished the local authorities, who are onthe trail. There is no such firm inLexington as the Lexington Transmission & Power Co., as far as hasbeen ascertained.oALLEGED FORGER ARRESTEDChief of Police Link went to theXal&pa Farm of Edward Simms, nearParis, Saturday, and placed underarrest W. L. Skinner, a young whiteman aged about twenty-two years,employed on the farm in a clericalcapacity. Skinner was wanted inCincinnati, as a fugitive from justice. He is alleged to have forgedthe name of a prominent Cincinnat5business man to a document, andwhn discovery seemed imminent, hefled, coming to Paris, where hereadily, obtained employment on theXalapa Faim. Skinner is beingheld here for the Cincinnati avthorities. Skinner was the man who waswith Raymond Fryman and CharlesMartin at the time the difficulty occurred near the Xalapa Farm, inwhich J. Lyle Bayless, of Louisville,was stabbed three times in theback. He was a witness in Liie examining trial of the men.. oPATRONS STILL COMPLAINTEE NEWS hears of numerouscomplaints being made by patronsof the Grand Opera House who havelower floor seats in regard to passingof persons in the balcony in frontof the projecting machine. Theirview is obstructed while the persons are looking for seats in hebalcony They contend there is aremedy and that it should be applied. Can't something be done to doaway with this disagreeable feature?Various suggestions have been madeon the outside, but THE NEWShas DUt the matter squarely up toManager Sprake and President Elliott in hopes that they will find ahappy solution of the matter. Wecan personally testify to the factthat it is something that interfereswith the pleasure of those on thelower floor, when the view of thopicture s- obscured for minutes at atime while the people are huntingseats.-oJURY DISCHARGEDIn the County Court yesterday,before Judge George Batterton, tbeiury in the case of Garner & Fitch,insurance agents, of Winchester,against D. G. Taylor, of Paris,could not agree on a verdict, andwere discharged. The insurancepeople sued Taylor for $119.61,alleged to be due as a premium ona policy held by them on tobaccoowned, by Taylor.oThe folly of Colonel House's latest remarks justifies the wisdom ofI his prolonged silence.The Bourbon Gun Club held itsregular shoot last Friday atr theClub grounds in East Paris. Quitean interesting program was pulledo.ff, fifty-five shooters taking part in.the afternoon's sports Three newmefiibers joined the club, J. Q. Ward,Clay Bedford and Sam Weathers.The silk shirt donated by J. W.Davis & Co. for the boys to contestfor was" finally won by R. C. Ruggles, with Frank Williams as therunner-up. Those breaking 20 ormore targets out of each 25 shot atare as follow s:John Shropshire, 21, 23, 25; R.R. McMillan, 20, 24; J. W. Bell, 23;Frank Williams, 21, 21; Vol Ferguson, 20, 21; W. B. Ardery, 21; J.Q. Ward, 21; Sam Clay, 21; Wm. W.Cooper, 21; Douglas Thomas, Jr.,21; Ray Taylor, 21; Amos Turney,2JUR. C Ruggles, 20-20i; W. K.FergusQnr2tr,20; Clay Bedford, 20.Tbe trophy to be shot for nextFriday afternoon, August 20, is ahandsome $20.00 silver-handle silkumbrella, donated by A. J. Winters& Co. This trophy is now on display 1n their large show window.Quite a good deal of interest is already being shown by the localshooters, and those from a distance,in the coming double registeredshoots, the first one being held atAlfred Clay's famous grounds, HillTop. on Sept. 6, and the second oneat the Bourbon Gun Club grounds,on Sept. 7. Sqme of the very bestshots from different parts or tneUnited States will be here for bothshoots. Visitors are always welcome, especially the ladies.o ,was said to be the most beautifulgirl in the State. Her father. Thos.Pollock, was a hard working carpenter and her mother conducted a millinery establishjment. The daughter's beauty who her many admirers, but she was of romantic nature, and waited for her "fairyprince.The Hill Top Gun Club will holda registered shooting: tournamentParis, Ky., and on the 0ia club grounds, on thefarm of Alfred Clay, near Austerlitz, on Labor Day, September ,beginning at nine o'clock a. m.The affair promises to be one of thelargest-attended of its nature thathas been held by the Club in years,as already a large number have signified their intention of attending.Four handsome trophies will be"When she was 17 years old the awarded Three of these will befamily moved to Philadelphia, where given to shooters whose average ishe soon met William Miller Gra- fegg than 85 per cent., provided theyham, not then wealthy. They were ahcot one hundred targets duringmarried in 1899, and soon his oil the day, and the other will be thewells began to- produce, and he Blue Grass Championship trophy,amassed a fortune estimated at ne ot Mr clay's celebrated?60,000,000. lunches will be served on the groun'"Mrs. Graham obtained a divorce, at a nominal cost to those in atteni-which was said to have been a ance The shooting program willfriendly one. Ten years ago she vis- Cqnsist of .twelve events, rangingited Paris, and was the guest of her ag as twenty birds.old friend, Mrs. Ajmna .rreTwejiPHcbard. now Mrs. J. T. Brown.Anyone desiring further and morerietniipri information regarding tneShe met many of her former friends, I program and other particulars ofynd pensioned several wno are u- tfce shoot sDouid aaaress Aiirwm.foitunate. Clay, at Paris."Both her children have inherited -oher remarkable beauty and fljarm, m LOUISVILLE NEWSPAPERand her daughter has been a social . t aTSE THEIR PRICESfavorite since her debut. Earl Qra- HAia xjoxjj xxwxvham is a Harvard graduate, and yesterday, the Louisvillewas a first lieutenant in, the sery4ce. Eecve yesteraa.His sister was much with the Prince g Slr SSS? The Couriered Wales during his recent visit to jrto of g1 and Eveningthis country. i . . r oM1 fn three cents S.copy each, instead of two cents,nr Nl .H 1 ihtnn and the price of the Sunday editionsFire, WlnC and UglUninC .. Courier-Journal and HeraldInsurance have been increased fromThomas, Woodford & Bryan cents to eight cents a copy.sevenPJJBLICSALE OF HANDSOMEPARIS HOME.Keep in mind the public sale byHairis, Speakes & Harris, on Wednesday, August 18, at two o'clock,of the handsome home of Mrs. J. U.Boardman, located on Seventhstreet. There isn't a better constructed home in this city, and thepurchaser will get a home that heor she will always b'J proud of. Hasa lot 77x130 feet, and is fitted upwith all modern conveniences. Hasto be seen to be fully appreciated.At tbe same time we will sell forMrs. Boardman a fine lot of furniture. Terms will be made knownon day of sale.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.-(13-2t) ,oELEVEN DAYS OF RAIN.If old Father Noah could againvisit the earth and would drop overin Paris for a short stay, he wouldfeel right at home, for the weatherof late has been just to hih particular liking.Rain has fallen every day- toreleven dsys, and it is by no meansimprobable that there will be manymore. k During the past eleven daysabout three inches of rain have f allen. inftbis vicinity, which lacks butlittle of being the normal rainfallfor August. Farnysrs are now generally ccjmplaining that there hasbeen too much ram. The tobacco,they say, is beginning to "French,"and they claim when that happensto the weed it is worse than freezing. oSUIT FOR DIVORCEA suit for divorce was filed Saturday in the office of Circuit ClerkWebb by Mrs. Myrtle Cates Pendleton against her husband, SpearsPendleton, of Paris. The petitionalleges abandonment. The partieswere mairied here several yearsago. Pendleton is employed as amotor truck driver for Bourboacounty.oWill Hays says that in theorythe primary idea is " absolutelysound. Wonder what he would sayabout the last presidential primaries? .' ' 'WE KNOW HOWREiL ECONOMYCLOTHESmEAL economy in clothesconsists not in spending the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this store,seeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full ofwear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MEN-ih-V-w- !'vfc--- ii-.iFAGS TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKtnnwDAT, Awnwr iTr ma -E9E-SS-9K9HBHB9ilE BOURBON NEWSlEirtTiilii il 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationNKKihed Every Tuesday and Fridayr Tear. .$2.00 6 Months. . $1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.IfBHtered at the Paris, Kentucky,Petoffice as Mail Matter of theSfreend Class.)POBEIGN SEPRESENTA-TIVES.Jfew York American Press Asso-4Ucago Lord & Thomas,liikdelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Idassengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati- Blaine-Thompson Co.Iisville Stark-Lowman Co.Jkxj erroneous reflection upon theaiMKracter, standing or reputation ofay person, firm or corporation-arifek may appear in the columns of3BE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlynecsr&eted if brought to attention of'&& editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisflaj Advertisements, $1.00 perm& for first time; 50 cents per inchmslt subsequent insertion.Esadfcig Notices, 10 cents per lineOftefe issue; reading notices in black3Fpe 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candltas, obituaries and resolutions, andcksdl&r matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements End yearly contracts.Tfcs right of publisher is reseived& fiecline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesissi invariably be accompanied byie cash.H5DEMOCRATIC TICKETi. Tor President,is . James M. Cos, of Ohio.fc Tor Vice President,Sranklin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.cr Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.3SRKESSE SENATE BATEETESSUFFRAGE AMENDMENTNASHIVILLE, TBNN., Aug. 16.The Tennessee Senate has ratified&he "woman suffrage amendment. TheTote was 25 to 4.The first action taken was to tablea Biinority report of the Senate com3Bittee which urged no action on theresolution and offered as a substitute for the favorable majority report which recommended adoption.The vote to table the minority reportires 23 to 10. This was the first de:5mte indication of the strength ofitjir side. Seventeen votes wereaccessary for ratification by the Senate There was not an inch of available space in. the galleries unoccujped when the Senate convened.Joiat action by the House andSenate had been urged for, for&e House committee announced that3r -would not submit its report untilMonday. Leaders expected' that a"rote would be reached in the Senatejfcefore session was over.SUGAR TAKES TUMBLE IN NEWYORK.NEW YORiC, Aug. 16. Heavy decreases in the sugar market, forejfesdowed by movements during the3ast few days, took place recently.One large dealer reduced his listjrlce on fine granulated from 21 tox fraction more than 17 cents a3Kund.Raw sugar sold on a basis of 13.04ents, which was 10 cents a pound3ess than the high level of threeanonths ago.french surgeon gainsWorld fame.NEW YOr..:, Aug. 1G. Prof.Serge Voronoff, the French surgeonwho jumped into worldwide' fame sevChicago, where, Monday, he performthat his experiments in transferringhe interstitial glands of a monkey toaged men had been successful in reatoring youthful vigor, arrived inJfew York Thursday.The French surgeon is to be theguest of the Medical College at Columbia University.Professor Voronoff cime here fromChicago, where, Mondey, he performed his celebrated operation in Amer, ija for the first time, using thyroidjglands.Four hundred of Chicago's foreMost physicians and surgeons watchad the transference of glands. Twof iead dogs were used. ' .fVlCmENGLISH . PtWHt 'GEORGBRECAPITULATJON OlCsritTES'CONDEMNS FEDERALMOVEMENT 'LONDON, Aug. 16. PremierLolyd George has given to M. Krassin and M. Kameneff, Bolsehvikiepiissaries here, an unequivocal assurance that he will not stand backof the French recognition of General Wrangel as the de facto Goernment in Southern RussiaHe intends to make immediatelya public statement to that effect,condemning the French movementas gravely imperilling the impending peace between Poland and Russia, inasmuch as it is likely tomislead the Poles into believingthat the allies secretly are bent onan anti-Soviet policy.The crisis is sufficiently grave tocause the King to postpone his aeparture for Scotland and LloydGeorge to defer his vacation, whichhe intends taking in Switzerland.The Premier is represented as being deeply offended at Premier Millerand's disregard for diplomaticetiquette, which Whitehall considers a calculated insult in view of hidspeech id the House of Commons.The wires between Downingstreet and the Qual ' d'Orsay weiebusy the entire day in an attemptto arrange another meeting betweenthe two P'emiers for the comingweek-end.The staggering coup of Francehas deprived her of the support ofthe London Times, which' hithertohas been the only paper to back fterpost-war belligerency. In an editorial to-day it warns the FrenchGovernment against overtaxing thestrength of the allies.Other papers unqualifiedly predictthe end of the alliance, warningFrance that she must either followLloyd George's peace policy or beleft to face the Soviets singlehanded, with England withdrawingall forms of cojmmercial and financial co-operation.COX OPENS SPEAKING CAMPAIGN IN OHIOCAMP PERRY, O., Aug. 16.Honorable prevention of war by"the arbitrament of reason ratherthan of force" was urged by Governor Cox here in an addresbopening the Democratic Presidentialnominee'b national speaking tour.Governor Cox did not make theLeague of Nations the paramountissue of the Democratic campaignas declared in his acceptance address, the lext of his speechat the national rifle . contests, buthe emphasized the toll of the warand said that the peoples of theworld now seek peaceful modes ofsettlement."I recognize," he said to an audience of National Guaidsmen, regular soldiers and civilians, "that ina sense you .re assembled here forpurpose , of increasing the efficiencyof our military strength, and yet Iam convinced that the great mas?of our soldiers is united in purposeand prayer to prevent wars in thefuture, if it can be honorably done."There will always be a NationalGuard in the States, if for no otherreason than domestic defense, andthe militaiy arm of the FederalGovernment will be jmaintained,but the hope that vast expendituresfor armaments are a thing of thepast, possesses eery home in America, while the common impluse thatmoves the -gi eat mass of peopJeworld-wide is inspired by the visionof peace and the settlement of controversy bjr the arbitrament of reason rather than by force."Asks Justice To SoldiersPraising the National- Guardsjmen's record in the war, GovernorCox said many had failed to receivecommissions won by bravery, anddeclared that belated justice nowshould be accorded them.Governor Cox elaborates on atheme in his acceptance speech,government aid to ex-service men,declaring many met obstacles onreturning to civil life. These, hesaid, the government should assistwherever possible.The Governor also cited the valueof American marksmanship in thenation's history, and expressed thehope that America would continue"a -ration of sportsmen, devoted tothe propagation of wild life andbuilding health and sinew in theopen."The occasion of Governor Cox'saddress was the presentation ofthe Governor'? Cup" in the nationalrifle shoot. He returned to Columbus to-night rnd will make his nextspeech-making foray on Saturday atWheeling, W. Va.Expenditure in war of lives andtreasure was stressed by the Democratic candidate in his plea -forpeaceful relations between nations."The cost to the united states,"lie said, "was more man one mn-lion dollars an hour for over two ,years. The total expense o twen-ty-two billion dollars was almostequal to the total disbursements ofthe United States Governjment from1791 to 1918. It was sufficient tohave run the Revolutionary Warlgrant myseif and took my piace onror more mau uuv ..,iuu3aiiU "at the rate of expenditure which .that war involved. The army expenditures alone, so experts claim,are a near approach to the amountof gold produced in the United Statestrom tne aiscovery oi Aniens uo ,me OULUieaK ui uie xmiuycaii vaiand yet the United States spentonly about one-iifth of the expedi-ture of the allied side.MOYERASSUMES DUTIES ASWARDEN.FRANKFORT, KY., Aug. 16.William S. Moyer, prison expert andformer warden of Sing Sing and theAtlanta Federal prison, became warden of the State Reformatory hereThursday evening. The retiring warden, L. R. Davis, who has been incharge since March, probably will beappointed to a position under theState Tax Commission. Mr. Moyerresigned as head of the prison branchof the temperance and welfare workunder a board of the PresbyterianGeneral Assembly to accept. He saidhe will niake no changes in the personnel except as it may become nePROPERTY VAtUATIOJKTFRANKFORT, KY., August 16.Kentucky's total assessed value ofproperty for this year is $1,774,381,425, a falling off of $13,700,052, as compared with last yearThere is an increase of $77,975,416in lands, mineral rights., town lots,and improvements. The decrease jsdue largely to the fact that the LilyFlagler Bingham estate last yearwas assessed $103,000,000, and tlrsyear at $89,299,948. The assessnients classified by the State1 Taxcommission follow: 'Lands $717,419,912, increase$57,193,530.Mineral rights and leases $15,378,163, increase $1,400, 5r 5.Town lots and improvements$387,283,462, increase $19,381,313.Wines and whiskies $295,645, decrease $1,347,079.Stores, $60,232,781. increase $4,195,765. Poultry $3,824,288, decrease$842,970.Bees $290,510, increase $11,133.Blacksmith's tools $44,565, increase $34,900.Raw mateiial not at plant $14,929,200, increase $7,650,827.Agricultural products raised lastyear $3,080,751, decrease $3,487,235. Agricultural products not inhands of producers $16,311,563, decrease $5,668,296.Automobiles $20,258,779, increase $3,796,919.All other vehicles $6,132,480, increase $1,837,284.Provisions $2,340,844, decrease$555,547.Furniture and fixtures $4,279,499, increase $42,816.Musical instruments, $5,549,586,increase $107,761.Painting and fixtures $305,028.decrease $45,717.Libraries and books $945,807, decrease $216,767.Household and kitchen furniture$30,504,250, increase $450,906.Gold and silver plates $54,297,decrease $41,620.Telephone system $1,948,545, increase $140,667.Machinery and ijmplements notused in farming $6,127,248, increase $1,723,563.Boileis and gasoline engines $1,920,328, decrease $125,127.Boats and water craft $13,674,52S, incieLse $71,771.Mineral products $818,626, decrease $107,146.Quarries, gas wells, etc., $812,394, increase $671,078.Coal mines and equipment $9,701,012, increase, $1,583,776.Patent rights $82,628, decrease$34,454.Annuities and royalties $585,020, increase $279,600.Building materials $3,209,402,increase $486,849.Miscellany $25,455,330, increase$6,909,638.All other property none, decrease$10,186,140.Agricultural implements $12,003,144, decrease $55,820.Manufacturing, machinery $17,462,459, increase $2,676,386.Raw material at plants $30,678,424, decrease $6,240,866.Live stock $100,765,753, decrease$10,964,815.Intangible property $275,486,S87,deciease $88,008,270.Bank shaies $47,057,786, increase $2,638,741.Exemptions $67,639,310, decrease $3,411,522.COMMISSIONER WALLIS STATESNEW POLICY.NEW YORK, August 16. Theslogan of v Ellis Island immigration officials henceforth is to be: "Speedthe incoming guest policy." Thisdecision recently was announced byFrederick A. Wallis, newly appointedCommissioner of Immigration, afterhe had played the role of an immigrant for one night and had passedlong and tiresome hours on the islandwaiting for a barge for New York.So convinced is Commissioner Wallis that immigrants are bejng needlessly detained on Ellis Island afterthey have been passed into this country by immigration officials and thatother reforms are urgently neededthat he intends to move to the islandfrom his New York home and devoteboth days and nights to his newwerk.Officials of the island, accordingto Mr. Wallis, are adherents of thetheory that an immigrant's time isworth nothing at all."I am trying," Mr. Wallis said, "tobreak up the bad habit pf detainingimmigrants to Ellis Island after theyhave been admitted to the country.Ever since I took up my new dutiesT hnvp noticed ereat flocks of wearvimmigrants sitting for hours in thecr0W(jed railroad rooms of the island.t have found- immigrants sitting inthese rooms who had been there allday long having passed by our inspectors early in the morning."Last night I became an "immr-0ne of the benches in the railroadroom. it was a loner time before ar?attendant announced that a bargehad come to take us to the railroadstation. I fell in with a group thatwas going to Weehawjven to take atrain and some of them told me they(y spent & jong &nd tiresome dayin he crowded rooms.In the work of getting the immigrants through and out of New Yorkswiftly, Commissioner Wallis will enlist the aid of the railroad companies. "Immigration," he explained, "nolonger pours itself out into New YorkCity, or into the crowded metropolitan centers of the East. It now flowTsout across this big country'to smallertowns; to the mines or mills. It ishighly important for us of the immigration service and those workingwith us the railroad people, forexr.mple to recognize this increasingtendency and to make as good an im-r-pionas possible on the incomingworkers."Many Victims of Mania.Six hundred women were executedi for witchcraft In fancein 1G09.i $ ,. . - K -THE BOURBON WOKAJTS 4JLUBPLEASANTLY ENTERTAINSThe Bourbon County Wojman'':Club, which was formally organized last Monday afternoon, held acalled meeting Wednesday afternoon, at the home of Miss Lucy B.Simons, with a large attendance.The President, Mrs. Owen Davis,presided. The first order of business was the consideration of thtaconstitution which was submittedby the committee composed of MissMaiy Fithian Hutchcraft, Mrs. J.Walter Panye and Mrs. R. Swango.The constitution was adopted asread by Miss Hutchcraft, with a fewminor changes.The question of Departments wasnext considered, resulting in. theselection of three: (1) Literature,(2) Community Service, and (3)Music and art.The women present indicated theirehcice of a department in which towork, and adjourned for discussion and organization. The department having the largest representation was the Cojmmunity Service, the scope of which is to includethe study of all questions relatingto civics, the first subject to be considered to be citizenship. This department elected for its chairmanMiss Lucy B. Simms; vice-chairman.Mrs. Wm. G. Talbot; secretary,Miss Mary Spears, and will meetnext Wednesday afternoon at 2:30,at the home of Mrs. W. G. Talbot,on Duncan Avenue. The Department of Music and Art will includeGardening, and will meet with thechaiiman, Mrs. F. P. Lowry, nextWednesday, at 2:30 p. re, when theorganization and course of studywill be completed.The Department of Literaturewill include Current Events andDramatics in addition to a generaltopic. An organization of the Department was not effected.After a talk .by Mrs. Sutherland,;t was voted that the BourbonCounty Federation of Clubs and allthe .study clubs of Paris disband, themembers as far as possible, cominginto the new club. Also that allmoney in the old Federation treasury be handed over to the Community Service Department, except the$285 which was set apart for thepurchase of name plates for the memorial trees planted in the Panscemetery in memory of the Bourbon county boys who lost theirlives in the service during the latewar. During the meeting Wednesday, Miss Simms served orange iceand angel food cake.UNITED STATES APPROVESRUSSIAN RECOGNITIONWASHINGTON, Aug. 16. Committed to a program of war to thedeath against Russian Sovietlsm,the United States Government tacity is approving of French recognition of the de facto Government ofGeneial Baron Peter Wrangel inSouthern Russia.While State Department officialsrefused to make any admissionsconcerning action by the FrenchGovernment, which has caused aninternational sensation, official confirmation of its action has arrivedJ in Washington.Action by the French Governimentin l'ecognizing General Wrangel, regarded at riist as at variance withthe note addressed by Secretary ofState Colby to ihe Italian Ambassador outlining American policy, isnot regarded in official circles.While it is recognized that theposition of the French Governmentmight be made more clear if its recognition of General Wi angel wasaccompanied by an expressed determination not to aid in breaking upRussian territory, still it is regardedjic ;i momis tr r i rr.fl. That end isthe overturn4 ir of the Soviet Government, to v hih the United Statealso is committed.While iheu' is no evidence 01knowledge c-n the pirt of the Frencnof the Colby rote m advance, yet itis considered br.rely possible someintimations of its contents may havebeen obtained by the Fiench Government. In any event the combination ofthe American note, French actionand its tacit approval by this Government is looked upon as an effective veto upon any possible attemptson the part ol the British Government to deal with Sovietism.BEHere's Good News For Paris Residents. Have you a pain in the small ofthe back?I Headaches, dizziness, nervousspells?Are you languid, irritable andweak?J Annoyed by urinary disorders?J Don't despair profit by Parisexperiences. I Paris people know Doan's Kidney; Pins have used them recommended them.Heie's a Paris resident's statement: Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 S. HighStreet, savs: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results and,1 know from the help they gave me' that they- would be' just as beneficial in other cases of kidney trouble. I had a dead, dull ache acrossthe small of pny back and my kid-OPTIMISTICjneys acted irregularly. Doan's'Kidney Pills rid me of those complaints and if I should need a kid- ney remedy again I would certainlytabe Doan's."J Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't.'simply J'sk for a kidney remedy'get Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mastin had. Foster-Milburu Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.fadv)Feathers M Saf.A large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.Clerks WantedClerks, (men, women) over 17,wanted for Postal Mail Service.$135 per month. ExaminationsAugust. Experience unnecessary.For free particulars, write J. Leonard, (former Civil Service Examiner), 935 Equitable Building,Washington. (13-lt)r'or SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. Ii. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.LostSomewhere in Paris a gold ringwith red cameo setting. Had cordstring attached. Finder can securea reward of $10 by returning thering toJOHN (PETE) CAIN.(aug6-tf)Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and term.3.Write or call for this big list. IMakfyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,"Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot)Agent WantedLady or gentleman agent m theCity of Paris for Watkins' FamousProducts. Known everywhere. Bigprofits.- WriteJ. R. WATKINS CO.,55, Memphis, Tenn.(10-4t)LostBetween the North Middletownpike and East Paris, a pocketbookcontarning three $20 bills. Finderplease call Cumberland Phone1012, and receive liberal reward.JOHN LINDSAY, JR.(aug3-tf)WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FARE$1.65Paris toAccount Ewing FairTickets on sale August 19th-21st inclusive. Tickets goodfor return to reach Paris before midnight August 22nd. Forfurther or detailed information, apply to local ticket agent.iiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinWilliam K.Architect.FIR..-T NATIONAL BANKitiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimBlM,JJllH.W3aiH51Sl.JJjJlJKl.jM.;i!!i -WANDER BACK!Along the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all' of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W-MAIN STREETTMKntsiatrw&raLostGold band ring, with initials,"N. F. M." engraved on inside.Liberal reward to finder, if returned to 610 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.(6-tf)Service Taxi Co.(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. B. MASTEESOIT, Prop.Both Thanes 204.Taxi and Track Service Bay andNight.Will Bun One Car Bailv ExceptSunday, Prom Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAB NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg 11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel 12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel 12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, IS 21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E.- Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOHN H. DOTY, of Paris, as a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county,subject to the action of the Depiocratic party at the primary electionin August, 1921.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FOR DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.INCLUDINGTAXEwinHaqan (rybN5 engineer..PAiliPCvKSi;i!-gJ3,JiJilZamrZi..iiilZTTTTUSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEnMISSIS''V-a3rTOKM4rf Vf" ',s ' ' iTHE BOUldoN NEWS, PARIS, KENTOCKTTUESDAY, AUGUST 17, 1920.laxMOTHER!vCalifornia Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and "bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oFor Garden Culture.The nloodroot. common in rich woodlands where it has not been exterminated by professional root diggers forits reputed medicinal value, says thejLmerican Forestry Magazine, is inbloom with the crocus and readilyadapts itself to garden culture.oAwful Possibility.Edward was talking cannibals to hissister. Rather frightened, the littlesister said: "Oh, I hope they don'tcome here. If they do. the'd eaten usup and then we won't have ourselves."ASPIRINu.hJame "Bayer" on GenuineMV Htr? i nn"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin' is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan . unbroken "Baver package"which contains "Droner directions torelieve Headache. Toothache. Ear-MICK1E SAYSSAN, NttJDfeW -TWmwOF fV4Art 3rJN MHO VJOXoest m HEfee ufcsSORE ACT AMOTttfcfc OVW BUTai o-r-THe. MewMe-feoN -TEU. VMM 0 VAS FACCNNttKT HE. tVMKS OP WN,SO THE ?OOR PRUNECOME Ki MCKC -T -ftt.Vt yK THE BOSS -f P1fA YOOCK ON ttlrA M THfcPAkVC. fMMtf THACfOSGOfiTN0rY&-.i cnApt.esQSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Bertha Dandrau, of Paris,is a guest of Miss Margaret Phythian, in Newport. iMrs. George W. Stuart has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Crawfordsville, Indiana.Mrs. Ben Buckner, of XalapeFarm, spent the week-end in Richmond, as a guest of her father andsisters.Mrs. J. T. Shropshire has returned to her home in Dayton, Ohio,after a visit to friends in 'this cityand county.Mrs. E. L. Stone and Miss Anna Hutchcraft have returned from avisit to Mrs. Carlisle Spencer, mJackson, Ky.Miss Lillian Kenney. of Paris,spent the week-end in Covington asa guest of Miss Lucille Hall, tormerlj of Paris.George Howard, registry andmoney order clerk at the Paris'postoffice, is spending -his va'cation atOlyjmpian Springs.Miss Jessie Devine has returned to her home in this city after avisit to Miss Mary Margaret Gra-vitt, in RichmondKENTUCKY AUGUST CBOP REPORT. Considerable increases in the estimates of production of corn, oatsand potatoes in Kentucky, cojmpared to July 1 estimates, a slight increase in the estimate of the wheatcrop in Kentucky, and a slight de-crease in the State's tobacco prospects, are Hie leatures of the monthly crop report issued at Louisville and Frankfort by the U. S.Bureau of Crop Estimates in co-operationwith State Commissioner ofAgriculture W. C. Hanna. Tobaccoshows a slight reduction from Julyestimates because of rather poorcondition in some sections, but asthere is a big acreage in the burleybelt which partly makes up for thereduced acreage in Western Kentucky and both sections can yetmake a full normal yield if givenfavorable weather, the estimate oftobacco production is not greatly reduced. The United States total tobacco crop is considerably largerthan last year.Probable corn production in Kentucky is estimated at 96,941,000bushels, compared to a July estimateof 86,170,000 and a crop last yearxxi avxxxxixwxxu. of 6,170,000 and a crop last yearJohn B. Mackey, of Covington,.! c on ' . A . . .. , . '.BTient the week-end m Pans as sruest .' ' .. . ' . . .of his mother, .Mrs. Samuel Mackey,ENABLES HIM TOPLANT HIS CROPFarmer Parker Could Not EvenDrive a Team When He Began Taking Tanlac.If it hadn't been for Tanlac Iwould not have been able to plantmy crop this spring," said John C.Parker, a prosperous farmer' livingat Perrjsburg, Ohio."I never expected to get rid ofmy troubles, for they had beenpulling pne down for ten years andhad just about laid me out. Mykidneys were all out of order and Ihad a continual sharp pain in thesmall of my back. I -had rheumatism in my legs and arms and 8ttimes my muscles felt like; theywere tied in knots. I couldn't evendrive my team, on account of thicstiffness and pains in piy arms andhands, and sometimes I wafc in suchagony I could hardly move about.I lest my appetite, what I ate disagreed with me so that I hated too to the table. I couldn't sleep toache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Colds da any good and that pulled m-jand Pain. Handy tin boxes of litablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Salicy licacid.(adv-tf-T)o. Pearls." The most valuable pearls are round ;next come the pear-shaped, and lastlythe er-shaDed. . -.-ffliJIUs for1'nSlm-$hMRhtnBUIWPRINTINGOur plant is complete for everythingyou need in the line of printing and'We can assure you first grade workon Hammermiil stock. Ask us.down until I wTas nearly past going."Tanlac has simply made a newman of me. My kidneys don'tbother me any more and that painhas left pny back. The rheumatismhas disappeared and I am as activeas I ever was in my life. I can eatanything -now without a sign of indigestion, I sleep like a log and getup of mornings feeling fine andready for a big day's work."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (aav)oPONZI's BUBBLE IS BROKEN ATuXMrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky-x1X1XX1X1XIXIIXIttlIced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesBoth PhonesFree DeliveryBOSTON, Aug. 16. Another get-rich-quickbubble burst Thursday.Federal authorities who have beenauditing the books of Charles Ponziand the Securities Exchange Company reported that the liabilities ofthe young financier were upward of$7,000,000. Ponzi had claimed thatthey would not exceed $500,000.Ponzi is a prisoner at the officeof the United States Marshal, havingbeen unable early this afternoon tofurnish bonds of $25,000. He wasarrested, charged with using themails to defraud, after he had surrendered soon after IT o'clock. Subsequently a warrant for his arrestfor larceny on three counts was issued in the Municipal Court on application of the Attorney General's office. The State authorities expectedto obtain custody of Ponzi it he obtained bonds releasing him from thefederal officers.Bank Commissioner Allen Thursday declared that the capital of theHanover Trust Company, a Ponzidepository, which was closed Wednesday, probobly was wiped out.Ponzi had been a director Tip toThursday. Further developments inthe Ponzi high finance scheme wereanxiously awaited in the financialdistrict.Ponzi issued the following statement after his arrest:"I had an agreement with the District Attorney to go Friday and meetmy liabilities with cash. With theclosing of the Hanover Trust Cornpay, and with other funds tied up, Ifind myself unable to do so. i ieitit mv duty to tell him and ask him todetain me."After a wait for several hours fora bondman Ponzi obtained his release at 4:30 p. m. His bondman isMorris Rudnick, a real estate dealer,of 116 Homestead Street, Roxbury,who furnished the required surety of$25,000. On leaving the FederalBuilding Ponzi went to the MuncipalCourt to answer to the warrantcharging larceny issued there.At police headquarters Ponzi wasphotographed and his finger printsPonzi was held in bail of $10,000Nearly All WaUr.Mushrooms generally consist of 00per cent water, but the remaining-10per cent 'Is more nutritious, than bread.on South Main street.Miss Patsey Clark has returned from a delightful visit to Mr. andMrs. Frank O'Neill, on RiversideDrive, in New York City.Judge and Mrs. H. Clay Howardand Miss Letiiia Clay have as guestat their home on Pleasant streetMiss Lutie Ware, of Frankfort.William Myall returned Saturday night from a visit to his daughter, Mrs. Irvine M. Keller, and Mr.Keller, in Montclair, New Jersey.Miss Elmeta Hinton attendedthe dance given in Georgetown.Thursday night. While there shewas a guest of Miss Frances Stone.Mrs. Sim B. Levy and son, SimB. Levy, Jr., spent the week-end inCincinnati as guest of her mother,Mrs. Louis Saloshin, and other relatives. Misses Rebecca and ElizabethVansant have returned to theirhome in Flemingsburg, after a visitto the family of John M. Cooper, inthis city.Mrs. F. G. Hedges, of McKinney, Texas, is the delightful guestof Mrs. Lou Palmer and Mrs. JohnJ. McClintock, on Duncan avenue, inthis city.Mrs. Martha Cunningham, otAshland, and Miss Erizabth Hill, ofVersailles, guests of Mr. and Mrs. J.F. Hill, have returned to their respectives homes.Mrs. E. T. Griffin, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, has returned to her hopne, at Headquarters, in Nicholas county.Mrs. J. T. Martin and granddaughters, Misses Elmeta and Elizabeth Myall Douglas, have returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Woodford county.Mrs. Vireril M. Chapman, Jr.,of Paris, attended the meeting ofthe Chi Omega Bridge Club, heldFriday afternoon near Lexington, atthe home of Miss Helen Skain.Shelbv Record: "Prof. J. T.Hazelrigg, who has been here duringthe week, returned Saturday toParis, where his family is spendingthe summer Mrs. Kate LowryWilson, of Paris, is visiting Mrs.Vera a Moore.''S. T. Chipley, of Pans, accompanied by his brother, George C.Chipley, of Portsmouth, Ohio, ismaking a tour of Eastern points ofinterest, visiting Niagara Falls.Buffalo, New York, Atlantic Cityand other places. ' i----i- 'Mr. and Mrs. .Russell Doty havereturned to their home in Detroit,Mich., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.James -Doty, in this city. Theywere accompanied on the returntrip by Bryan Doty, who , will betheir guests for several days.Robert Bowen Frank has returned from an extended visit tohis (mother and sister, Mrs. RobertI,. Frank, and Miss Hallie Frank, atSararac Lake, Nejw York. Mrs.Frank and- Miss Frank will remainuntil some time in September.Mrs. Mattie Purnell has returned from Washington, D. C, whereshe was a guest of her daughter,Miss Agnes Purnell. Miss BessiePurnell, of 'the Paris High Schoolfaculty, who accompanied her, remained for a longer visit.Mr. John Altmeyer, editor andpublisher of the Maysville Bulletin,and one of the most capable newspaper men in the State, was a callerat THE NEWS office Saturday morning. Mr. and Mrs. Altmeyer wereen route to Lexingtoi, and stopped,over in Paris, to call on friends.Roy. Leddy, of Woodford county, a cousin of Mrs. William Kenney, of Paris, is a patient at theMassie Memoiial Hospital, where herecently undeiwent an operation ' forremoval of a diseased kidney. .eis doing very well, with prospectsfor an early recovery.Among those attending theSchool Attendance Officers andSchool Superintendents meeting atLexington last week were the following from Bourbon county: MissAnnie R. Clay, Mrs. Ora S. Bell,Miss -Sallie Allen Whalev. MissElizabeth Clayton, and Superintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood.William H. Day has returnedto his home in Cheyenne, Wyoming,after a visit to relatives in this cityand county and at Morehead, Mt.Sterling and Owingsville. Mr. Dayis a brother of John L. Day, ofParis, and the recent visit was thefirst meeting of the brothers inthirty years.Mrs William O. Hinton anddaughter, ' Mrs. Amos Turney, otParis, attended the reception givenin Lexington by Mrs. William. Edward Freeman, in honor o" herdaughter, Miss Jane Freeman, whowill leave Jthis week for Pittsburg.Pa., with her brother, Prof. Freeman to' reside.(Other Personals onFac 5)month is estimated at 6,304,000bushels, compared to a July 1 estimate of 86,170,000 and a crop lastyear of 82,500,000 bushels; wheatthis month is estimated at 6,304,000bushels, compared to a July 1 estimate of 6,275,000 bushels, and aproduction of 12,029,000 bushelslast year; potatoes 6,355,000 bushels, compared to prospects July 1for 5,971,000 bushels, and a croplast year -of 5,040,000 bushels; andtobacco 431,640,000 pounds, co(mpared to prospects July 1 estimateof 437,580,000 pounds, and lastyear's production t of 456,500,000pounds. This estimate on tobaccomay be increased or decreased later,however, depending on favorable orunfavorable weather.Rye production in Kentucky thisseason is e&timated at 606,000 bushels, compared to 744,000 bushelslast year; oats 11,615,000 bushel?,compared 1o 9,900,000 bushels lastyear; barley 112,000 bushels, compared to 100,000 bushels last year.Fruit is a good crop in Kentuckyas a whole, apples beirg estimated jat 5,063,000 bushels and peaches1,526,000 bushels. The conditionof ether crops in Kentucky is reported as follows: Alfalfa, 90 pecent; millet, S6"per cent; pasture,88; cowpeas, 86; field beans. 90;tomatoes, 91; cabbage, 90; onions,92; grapes, 82; watermelons, 8 7;muskimelons, 79; bioom corn, 85;sorghum, 89; average yield of clover hay, 1.4 tons per acre.SLACKING TIP CITIESAnd Now we are Malting Contracts ForFallPaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers have. been pleas.ed.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weather. with paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKYryMillU -:Sr3gf:unnnxnEsgga;g"5g"aij"is"s"ii;g;SMUSlf1Young people in country townswho have been getting restless withrural conditions should note thenews that work in many of thecities is slacking up. In the clothing, shoe, and some other lines, ther-jhave been extensive shut downs.The high -wages paid in thoseindustries have been only temporaryand can't last. The young folkswith good homes in the country, whoare learning the science of countrylife and food production every dayshould not give up their chance toadvance in an industry that never:J;uts down. (,. ,- oCHINESE LAUNDRIES FEWERChinese laundries, which for yearshave been picteresque bits of foreign color in our American townsand cities, are growing fewer. TheChinese who first came to Americawere poor and ignorant and couldnot go into any business that required capital or a knowledge ofthe language and customs of thecountry. In order to be independent they resorted to the laundrybusiness, which required little ofeither, and began to save moneyand learn the things that are necessary for pleasanter and more profit-ahle occupations. There are fewerChinese laundrymen to-day, but inGreater New York alone Chineseown and run more than two hundredi estaurants.BLOW ON THE JAW SAVESMAN'S HPE.Arthur Thomas, an employe ofof the city electric light plant, inFremont, Neb., was saved fromdeath by a blow on the jaw. He hadtaken hold of a plug which hadbecome charged by a short circuit,and could not free himself. ClydeNewlon, a fellow worker, saw hispredicament and swung his right fiatto the point of Thomas' jaw, knocking him several feet away. Thomasjaw was slightly fractured, but hesays he has no complaint to make.BOOM! ANOTHER HOME BREWGOES BUNK.Residents of East Street, Winchendon, Mass., were startled by anexplosion, which upon investigationwas found to have been caused bythe mistake of a home brewer in adding raisins and one yeast cake toomuch to his week-end concoction.Total damage was the destructionof one coal bin in which the kegwas stored; the loss of the keg andlacerations of the feelings of thecompounder.oAfter all the plafform with ?thestrongest appeal' to Bryan is thejChautauqua platform.Attention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, givenup by all fence builders to be the best-fence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phont 997Home Phono 257nMsMsfcHIHWirt'i-'i i "i i i ii m iiiBLUE GRASS FAIRLEXINGTON, KY.6 Big Days and Nights 6August 30th to Sept. 4th$50,000 Fff JEES $50,000Nat Reiss Carnival Company25 High Class Shows 5 RidesNewberry's Military Band De LuxeAnd the All American Quartette inDaily and Evening Concerts3 Giant Passenger Aeroplanes 3Running and Trotting Races Daily -REDUCED RAILROAD RATESKEN WALKER - - SecretaryLOCAL10NC, vBr Keep this Door Open ToDISTARCn JT JTMr. Merchant!Would yoH lock one of your doors for theprice of a telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe the customer who wantsto telephone you an order will wait until thatdoor is open again but maybe he won't!If your present equipment is often in "use,you might make a profit on another telephoneor "trunk" or on. even several more; a goodmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same nnber, using any of your lines that is idle Wheftyou are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on thetelephone. Think it over."At Your Service"tParis Home Telephone and TdeeraDi Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Vealch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, local Mr.a.iIi;I1(im9srr(9KI---vTHI BOURBONincwg, PAMS,ruDAY, fppam$t'Vto.sdded iTnuanoif at grahdTHIS WEEK.Mi&s Hae Nye. known to the professional world as "The MysteriousXJirl," gave a practical demonstration ot her wonderful powers to alarge audience at the Paris Grandlast oight. Miss Nye is consideredthe most wonderfully giited mentaltelepathist and palmist in the world,and her work last night was a remarkable exhibition of telepathicphenomena. She readily gave answers to every question, and surprised the questioners by the accuracyof her replies. Miss Nye will be theattraction at the Grar.d every nightthis week. Following so closely inthe wake of Delando, who gave someremarkable demonstrations at theGrand very recently, she will Andaudiences prepared to accept herwork in the nature in which it istendered.. - SCHOOLER OUT AGAIN.Editor Wm. (Uncle Bill) Schoolermust be getting the w.anderlust intis system, since he is getting outof the newspaper game once morefSehooler has sold The Commonwealth, the only Republican newspaper in Somerset, to Prank M.Humphrey and R. M. Freese, ofSomerset- Mr. Freese will be incharge of the paper as managingeditor.Sheriff's Sale-OF-Household Goods!t By virtue of executions 1311 and1312, directed to me, issued fromthe Clerk's office of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in favor of the KentuckyOil Exchange and Bry, Robinson,Curry Woolen Mills vs. C. L. Bell, Iwill onMonday, Sept 6, 1920at or about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., the court house door in Paris,Bourbon County, Ky., expose to public sale to the higest and best bidder, the following property, or somuch thereof as may be necessaryto satisfy the plaintiff's debt, interest and costs, to-wit: $1,219.07,and the costs herein expended:Willow Writing Desk;Stiff Back Leather Chair;Stiff Back Cane Seat Chair;Suit Case; Room Rug;Mahogany Dresser; Buffet;China Closet; Mattress; Piano;Sled; Porch Matting;Dining Table, five leaves;Roll Oil Cloth;One Box and Contents;Favorite Gas Cook Stove;Cane Rocking Chair;Porch Swing;Bundle Garden Hose;Stand Table; Kitchen Table;One Basket and Contents;One Tub and Contents;One Basket and Contents;One Basket and Contents;One Basket and Contents;Dressing Table; Child's Iron Bed;Victrola; Sewing Table;Mahogany Dresser;Bundle Small Rugs;Ice .Cream Freezer; Water Cooler;Slop Jar; Wash Bowl;Child's Bicycle; Irish Mail;Ivory Stand Table;Two Willow Chairs;Willow Waste Basket;v Stiff Back Leather Chair;Willow Settee; Room Rag;Davenport; Two Waste Baskets;Packing Box and Contents;Willow Rocking Chair; Mattress:Bundle of Window Shades;Ironing Board; Piano Stool:Two Mahogany Rockers;Stiff Back Leather Seat Chair;Cane Seat Piano Stool;Stiff Back Leather Seat Chair;Kjitchen. Cabinet; Library Table;Chiffonier, two Curtains;Two Stiff Back Leather SeatChaiis;One Stiff Back Leather SeatChair; Six Cushions.Said sale will be made upon acredit of three months, the purchaser being required to execute bondwith good surety to be approved bythe Sheriff, said bond or bonds tobear interest at the late of 6 percent, per annum from date of saleuntil paid.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Ky.The BestFountain PenWe have just received a complete line of the famousLE. WATERMANSELF-FILLINGFOUNTAIN PENSCome and select one. If yourold pen (any' make) needs repairs bring it to us.VARDEN & SONProscription DruggistsTHE JREXALL STOREParis, Ky.PARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESThe registration of High Schoolstudents will begin, as announced,on Wednesday, August 18.Parents who desire to Tiave theirchildren attend the Paris HighSchool this year are reminded thatthe High School has doubled insize during the past two years, andthat we cannot at present take butthree hundred into the High School.After we have provided for theHigh School children in the Pariscity district, and provide for thosesent to us by contract with theBourbon County Board of Education, we shall take a few other students who are prepared to do HighSchool work."Students entering the Paris CitySchool system this year for the firsttime, and do not feel well preparedto do High School work are sdvisedto enter the Seventh or Eighthgrade and prepare for the HighSchool. A limited number will bereceived into one grade where itcan be done without crowding onegrade. ' ;Our teachers are now returningfrom the summer schools, and can beseen at the City School any time. -LEEKIRKPATRICK.1.: oBLUE SERGE SUITS AT $45.Splendid values in a strictly allwool serge, hand tailored in severalstyles.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY MAHKETTREVIEW- More and more young chicken?:.re coming to jmarket each week.While the supply of fowl has notbeen large, it has been more thannecessary for current use and themarket on both live springs and fowlhas declined this week. This condition has been reflected in lowerprices in producing centers.Receipts of fresh eggs are aboutnormal for this season of . the year.Quality is reported generally goodand prices on good eggs are rulinghigher tha-n a week ago.Production of butter continuesheavier than a year ago. There isstill a surplus over current requirements and this is being placed instorage. Storage stocks are large,considering the probable outlet.There were no marked price changes during the week.o-BASE BALL GAMESDue to wet grounds and the father fact that they were playingtheir first game of the season theParis Quicksteps met defeats in.double-header games played on theParis grounds Sunday afternoon,with the North Middletown teapt.The score stood North Middletown,7; Paris, 4, in the first game, and13 to 6 in favor of the North Middletown team in the second game.The Paris team will play Clintonville on the Paris grounds next Sunday afternoon.oNEW AUTO OWNERSThe Fayette-Phoenix Garage, ofLexington, reports the sale of a Lexington Sport Model car to Carey T.Clay, of Paris. Smith Bros., of Lexington, sold a 2-ton Republicmotor truck to C.Fightmaster, oiParis. The Goodwin-Field Motor,Co., of Lexington, reports the sale ofa D6dge Bros car to Chas. A. Webber, of Paris.Master's Sale !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Flemings's Admr. . .PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Anna P Comer, Etc DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered acthe June term, 1920, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onMonday, Sept. 6, 1920,at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hours of 11 o'clock, a. m., willsell at public auction to the highestand best bidder the following described property:1. Lot 49 on the Plat of Claysville, which was recorded in theoffice of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty. Court, in Deed Book 5G,page 327, said lot fronting 50 feeton Third Street, and extendingback 90 feet, and having thereon aresidence.2. Lot 51 on the same Plat,fronting 50 feet thereon, and extending back 9.0 feet, and being avacant lot.Said lots will be offered separately and then as a whole, andthe bid or bids aggregated as themost money, will be accepted.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good surety for one-half of thepurchase money, each due six andtwelve months from date of salerespectively and bearing interestat the rate of six per cent. (6)per annum from date of sale untilpaid. .,Saidtfe is made for the purposethe estate of Anna Plem-O. T. H1NTON,ommi&sioner B. C. C.of settlfMftinsWTHIS,Well, well! If the price of newsprint paper continues to soar, wemay soon be printing THE .NEWSfontwenty-dollar bills or twelve-inchboards. It's a merry life! ,That clock, invented by a PhjLadelphian,' which, instead of striking,says, "Eleven o'clock, time to gohome," would not be very popularwith Paris boys and girls, who areof the mutual opinion that there isno sacli thing as time. 'An observant Paris man wants toknow why the Kentucky schoolcensus shows that there are moreboys and girls in the country, andmore girls than boys in the cities.We thought the boys were all leaving the farms. Following the girls,as usual, eh?vThe British Museum contains abig crab measuring eighteen feetacross its outstretched legs. Paris,Ky., has some pretty big. craDsf"but their measurements are somewhat less than the one in the Museum. But their characteristics arevery much the same.A Paris man recently asked us:What is news?" not meaning theprice of newspaper, of course. Wegave him this as our conception: IfTHE NEWS wants it worse thanthe person handing it in, then it'snews; If the person handing it inwants it in worse than THE NEWS,then it's advertising. Doesn't thatfit the case,, precisely?'No, Mary Ann, THE NEWS do4not know the French name for profiteers, but we do know what theFrench do to profiteers. They givethem jail sentences, and what ismore to the point, make them servethe full ti,me. And they do stillmore. They have the sentence andthe reason for it published in thenewspapers at the expense of the"culprits. The Federal Governmentmay have a more effective discourager, but if it has it keeps it undercover most obstinately.Paris now has a Commercial Clubcomposed of men who are reallyand truly anxious, ready and willingto do everything they can to advance the material welfare of thecity. It is up to us to hold up theirhands and help them in every waypossible. This cannot be done byknocking their efforts and makinginsinuating remarks, such as "Oh,that bunch merely got together toget up a lot of money and give aseries of banquets." That kind oftalk won't help. Don't knock.Since upper Main street has beenconverted 'into a passable thoroughfare autoists have taken it forgranted that the reconstructionwork has been done especially fortheir benefit, and' that it was intended for a speedway. It has beeiisuggested that the city installpari-mutuel machines, and take andmake odds on "the racing events thatare pulled off there daily. THENEWS will furnish daily; form-sheets for the bettors, giving fullinformation a& to the owners, jockeys, their mounts and past lecords.The public may have an ideathat the many handsome girl steno- Jraphers in the business offices ofParis men have ,a . sinecure, or aneasy time. But. there was never agreater mistake made. In additionto the daily routine of taking dictation, keeping books, answeringhundreds of telephone calls, keepingoffice records, deciphering theirshorthand notes, and a thousand andone details of office work, they, havea really hard job, and very littletime to play. And their pay ishardly commensurate with the vastamount of labor they are called uponto do.oTAX COMMISSIONER'S NOTICE. Wishing to correct a mistakenidea that seems to be currentrelative to the law governinglisting off taxes, we wish tonotify the public that the lawis the same as last year, and. itis each one's duty to report inperson, if possible, at bur officein basement of Court House.You will kindly note this andcall at your earliest convenience. WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.J. J. REDMON, Deputy.julyl3-tfWEEDS SHOULD BE CUTIn some sections of Bourbon county, even though notice has beeneervide on the property ownerswhose property abuts the highwaysthey have failed to trim the trees'and free the roads of all shrubbery,as required by law.On some of the curves in iecounty roads some of the trees andshrubbery at present almost blocksthe view from approaching vehicles, which is very dangerous, anflas the law requires that the treesbe trimmed, the property ownersshould attend to the same, or theywill be liable to a fine.oLet every Democrat stand readyto slam the door. LaFollete hasleft the Republican party and isEDITORIAL FLIHGS -ATfTHAT 'N TOTHERKOTES 01 THE LODGESA constitutional amendment . re-ducing the age limit .for entranceirom zi to- i years wasauuyujuby the Supreme Lodge, Knights of.Pythias, in session in Minneapolis,Minn.Five candidates were given workin one of the degrees at the meetingof Bourbon Lodge I. O. O. F., heldlast night. At the meeting heldlast week the Initiatory Degree wasconferred on James Williams, JamesE. Downing and Boone Williams.These and two others took the workin Hk -First Degree at last night'smeeting.Remember, the Girls Band and theBoys Band and all the children ofthe I. O. O. P. Home of Lexington,will be at the Paris Grand OperaHouse, on Sunday, August 29, inconcert program. This will be oneof the jmost enjoyable events of theseason, and will no doubt attract alarge audience. The entertainmentwill be given in the interest of raising the I. O. O. F. endowment fundfor the benefit of the Home.Daugherty Lodge No. 65, F, & A.F., of Carlisle, will celebrate itscentennial next Wednesday, August18, with an old time woodland picnic in Nicholas county. A regularprogram has been prepared and addresses will be made by Innes B.Ross, grand secretary; Dave Jackpon, of Louisville, grand master;Henry S. McElroy, ot Lebanon;Charles N. Smith, grand master ofthe Grand Council of Kentucky R.& S. M.; S. P. Browning, deputygrand commander of the GrandCommander of Kentucky, and PastGrand High Priest G. Allison Holland, of Lexington.oIMPORTANT NOTICE TOSCHOOL STUDENTSHIGHAll students who expect to enterthe Paris High School on Monday,September 6, as Freshmen, are requested to meet the High Schoolfaculty at the High School buildingon Thursday, August 19, at 8:30 a.m. Other pupils who expect to attend are requested also to visit theschool on the above date at the following hours: Sophomores, 10:30a. m., Juifiors, 1:30 p. m., andSeniors, 3:30 p. m.LEE KIRKPATRICK, Supt.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!Iff you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)oA customer will hold tight to hisold-fangled ideas until you the.salesman can convince him he isrwrong.Here's BigFor Your Boy20 Per Cent. Discos' BOYS' SUITS$ 5.00 Suits cut to $' 4.006.50 Suits cut to 5.207.50 Suits cut to 6.008.50 Suits cut to ' 6.8010.00 Suits cut to 8,0012.50 Suits cut 10 7. .' 1 0.OO15.00 Suits cut to 1 12.0018.00 Suits cut to 14.4020.00 Suits cut to 16.0022. 50 Suits cut to 1 8.0025.00 Suits cut t5 20.00CASH NO APPROVALSHere is a Message You'll BeGlad to HearThis is the biggest thing that has been done forboys for many months. From the prices quoted aboveyou get some idea of the values we are offering and itsa splendid opportunity to clothe your boy for schoolor winter. These' are different than the ordinarv bovs'clothes, being well made and styled just the way boys like them.natterns are shown rn wilo aaDnyfmAnfn "d-:- i .j. ii T ,. ""wucuib. xu-iug- your Doy in ancat these attractive prices.R. P. WALS7th and MainDOESFT FEAX "13."AYtinr rsonoii Tnhr. n rM-o0f Colqmbus, Ohio, is convinced that13 1S his lucky day. He was nomi-nated Aug. 13, two years ago, andtook office on January 13. EarlyFriday morning he became the father of a baby boy, born at 4 o'clockon Friday, the 13th.Salesmen WantedTo solicit "orders for Paints, Roofing Cements and Specialties, directfrom Manufacturer. Salary or commission. Address, Builders' Products Corporation, Box 345, Cleveland, Ohio. (It)A Prescription MerelyHelps Nature to GetStarted Again : : : :Yes, we know there are peoplewho claim that such and such "cured" them but it didn't, natureeffected the "cure" herself natureaided and perhaps whipped up toextra effort by a prescription. Butthe "prescription must first be ordered by a doctor who has gone intoyour case, who has determined uponyour actual personal needs; whofinds out in just what particularway nature has fallen down, andwho knows what is needed.Then we, as druggists, follow hisorders exactly and thus furnish thehelp to nature. Again we say, seeyour doctor, then see us.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHATtMACYPhones 00. Paris, Ky."This Coupon isGood ForOn Suits CleanedELECTRIC DRY12 WEST FIFTH ST.MOTHERSOfferingsOne-Price StoreWantedStudents," age 19 oi" over, -wEighth grade education or better tarPower Laundry Course. A co-ope-lativesystem of education; t-fce stuldent earns vhile he learns. pIted after two years training for ajob at a fair salary in profitable andestablished trade with excellent opportunity for ' rapid advancementFirst-class living conditions whiletraining with a wage that is partlyself-supporting. Address Ohio Mechanics In&titute, Cincinnati, o.(augl7-4t)THEWhite Motor Go.OFNorth Middletown, Ky.Will be pleased tohave you call andinspect their newgarage.CLEVELANDCHANDLERCARSTires, Tubes and Accessories.Repair Work on Any Car.50 Centsand Pressed atCLEANING CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY5V?inSI 'r. 55a?? &g a v.3 5 in,HtIai, cl thes amxancyDuy mmaui or two att8Paris,Ky.Hflf nSmlifft '(ujMg-sept3)looking-for some .-place to. go -to.Va3E.- - "-" iwm'mmyTUESDAY, AUGUST 17. 1S20.A - V?r-THEBOURBON N1W5famo, ASX1XUUK.T r PAOBKNamt fJ' '- - - . v -v ' r ' w " l9jrwtfc&tfBFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comlftfs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.OUR TRAVELING DEPARTMENTOffers many splendid values in allleather suit cases, hand bags andwardrobe trunks.J. W. DAVIS &1 CO.o 'UTTLEJOHN'S CARNIVAL CO.EN ROUTE TO EWINGLittle John's Carnival Co., enroutato the Ewing Pair, spent Sundaynight and part of yesterday morning in Paris. The company will filla week's engagement at Ewing.FRYMAN RELEASEDRaymond Fryman, one of theprincipals in the recent cutting affray near Paris, who has been confined in the Paris jail since the triallast week, was released from custody yesterday. The bond of $5,000required by the Court was furnished by Ward Wilcox, Alvin.Hicks and Sweeney Isgrigg.oIMPORTANT CLUB MEETINGThe Department of Literature ofiho Bourbon County Women's Clubswill meet this (Tuesday) afternoon,at 3:30 o'clock, at the home of Mrs.John T. Collins, corner of Broadwayand High streets. Department officers will be elected and plans forthe year's work will be discussed.A full attendance of the members isurged and expected, owing to theimpojtant nature of the meeting.oNEW MEN IN TENTHGARAGE.James and John Archdeacon, formerly of Carlisle, two of the bestknown automobile mechanics in theState, have purchased an interestin the Paris Overland Car Co., onTenth street, conducted heretoforeby Sam Griffin, and became associated yesterday in the business of thefirjm.James Archedacon has the reputation of being one of the best Fordmechanics in the State, while -hisbrother, James Archdeacon, 13equally as skilled as an automobiletop trimmer and upholster. Thiswill make a strong combination ofskilled men in the automobile busi-iness.ATTEND THE PUBLIC SALE OFBOARDMAN PROPERTYHarris, Speakes & Harris willoffer at public sale on the premises,Seventh street, near High, at twoo'clock, Wednesday, Augu&t 18, theproperty of Mrs. J. U. Boardman.One of the most complete homes inthe city. Must be seen to be appreciated. Lot 77x130. Substantialtwo-story frame residence in firstclass repair. Convenient to schoolsand churches. Complete with allmodern conveniences. An idealhqme and locationHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(augl0-3t)oRESIGNS POSITION ASANT CASHIERASSIST-Hord W. Mann, who has for several years been the capable andfaithful Assistant Cashiei at theFust National Bank, in this city,tendered his resignation Saturdayat a meeting of the Board of Directors of the institution. The resignation was accepted, and White Varden, bookkeeper in tfce bank, elected as his successor. Mr. Mann hasbeen an employe of the First National Bank for twelve years. Inthat time he has demonstrated hisfitness for his line of work, and noyoung man in the community standshigher in the esteem of the men offinance of Paris. He has not indicated what line of business he willenter in the future.NEED A SUBSTATIONJudging bV the aimount of mailreceived from and deposited at theParis postoffice each day by the Mason-HangerConstruction Co., thereis need of a postal sub-station onthe Xalapa Farm, where the firm isengaged in a vast amount of construction work.Three tin.es daily from two tothree well-filled sacks of mail arebrought in. from ihe farm, andtaken back filled with letters andPackages. Among the mail thus receded and sent out from the localoffice ar hundreds of letters addressed to and sent out by sevenhundred Mexican laborers working&t Xalapa Farm. These are handledat the local office and forwarded toJheir destination, without requiringthe services of an interpreter."THE MOLLYCODDLE" AT LOCAL PICTURE HOUSES.In giving to the public bis latestscreen effort, "The Mollycoddle,"hich is tho third of bis UnitedArtists Corporation production.Douglas Fairbanks presents theost costly motion picture of biscareer, representing an expenditureof more than half a million dollars.The picture will be presented atJhe Paris Grand and Alamo TheatreThursday and Friday.tt Among the jmore noticeable of thesets" in this picture is a-u exact reProduction of Monte Carlo and thehistoric and famous Casino, thePlayground of the world's idle rich... The reproduction ot Monte CarloJs only one instance of what may beexpected of a-n elaborate as well asspectacular picture in "The Mollycoddle." Realism in every department of the production lias been theKeynote and those who have seenadvance screenings have offerednothing but very favorable comment.MrS. "R! VtT PJnnn T, .. JvjTxcioo una imurueutrom a vacation spent in South Car-uima cities.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Clay, ofWinchester, are visiting friends inNorth Middletown.Mrs. Wills Jacoby, of Paris, isvisiting her sister, Miss PaulineChambers, in Indianapolis.Mrs. Rudolph Davis will leaveto-morrow for a visit to her niece,Mrs. Offutt Boardman, in Chicago.Miss Martha Viley, of Winchester, spent the week-end withfriends in this city and Millersburg.Miss Helen Freeman, of Louisville, is. a guest of her aunt, Mrs. J.N. Teager, and Mr. Teager, in thiscity.Misses Geraldine and GladysHerrin, of Paris, were guests of relatives in Scott county Saturday andouuaay.Rev. Cr. R: Gillispie and Mrs. J.Preston Brown, of Versailles, spentthe week-end in Paris as guests ofrelatives.Mrs. Charles G. Holma.n. nfDetroit, Mich., is visiting the familyof her mother, Mrs. Alice Snapp, inthis city.Mrs. M. Nisius and son have returned to their honie in Vanceburg,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. P. M.Heller, on Second street.Miss Eleanor Lytle is at homefrom a two-peeks' visit to friendsand relatives in Maysville, andWashington, Mason county.Mrs, John J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, who recently sustained a paralytic stroke, was reportedyesterday as being some better.Mis.s Mattie Baldwin is spending her vacation in Avondale, WestVirginia, as guest of her brother,.ames W. Baldwin, and Mrs. Ttalri-STREETiwin.3 Mr. and Mrs. William Giltner,or Lexington, spent the week-end InParis as guests of Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, at her hopne on Main,street.Mrs. Charlton Alexander enertained with a luncheon-bridge Saturday afternoon at her attractivehome on the 'Bethlehem road, nearParisMrs. Douglas Thomas, Jr., anddaughter, Doris Thomas, and Mrs.Grant Denton have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Denton,in Owingsville.Wm. W. Dudley returned Sunday night from a week's vacationspent in Cincinnati with his sister,Mrs. F. W. Shackleford, and aunt,Miss Mattie Hite.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson, left Saturday for Rochester,Minn., where Mrs. Thompson willundergo an operation at MayoBios.' Hospital.Clarence E. Hill, of Paris, wasone of the guests last week at aparty given in Lexingtpn by MissLee Otis Drury, in honor of herfourteenth birthday.Mrs. Anna Belle Wallace andMrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire,of Faris, attended the funeral andburial of Mrs. Gano Shropshire, inGeorgetown, Saturday afternoon.Miss Lillian Featherstone.guest of Miss Frances Kenney, returned to her home in Georgetown,Saturday, accompanied by Miss Kenney who will be her guest for several days.Mr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylor andMiss Joanna Garth, of Paris, weremembers of a family party entertained Friday night at the hopne ofMr. and Mrs. J. J. Whitaker, nearCynthiana.Mr. H. C. Owens, L. & N. agentat Dudley, Ky., stopped over inParis, Saturday, with his brother,Mr. John R. Owens, en route to St.Louis and Trenton, Mo., to spendhis vacation.Miss Margaret Griffith, who isteaching ir the Settlement School atPine Mountain, in Knott county,has been 3t home for several day3on account of the illness of her sister, Miss Nancy Griffith.Mrs. W. A. Oldham, of KansasCity, Mo., and Mrs. Bettie Frazierand daughter, "Miss Margaret Frazier, of Louisville, are visiting Mrs.Bettie Bedford and Mrs. NathanBayless, Jr., near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Duncan,Miss Fergus Campbell, of Nashville.Tenn., Mr. and Mrs. James H. Duncan and two daughters, of Cincinnati, are guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Charles Duncan, on Secondstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald, of Paris, spent the week-end atCamp Dick, near Falmouth, with aparty composed of Mrs. Lon Haley,of Wilcox, Ari., and Mr. and Mrs.Earl Dickerson, of Covington, formerly of ParisMiss Mae Hall, pianistthe Gregg Orchestra, isher vacation at her old home, mHuntington, West Virginia. Duringher absence her place at the Grandand Alamo is being filled by Mrs.Ettavieve Foote 'Mrs. J. Simms Wilson andson, Billie Wilson, Miss Mary Rosaand Capt. Robt. Harbeson have returned from Flejmingsburg, wherethey weie members of a house partybeing entertained by Judge and Mrsr Teachers Institute, at Nicholasvillenext week, 'Mr. and Mrs. Gebrge K. Besuden, of Dayton, Ohio, are guests ofI. T. Crouch, near Paris.Jeff ' Denton, of Paris, leftSaturday fop Timmondsville, SouthCarolina, to attend the tobacco salesbeing held there.Mrs. Roy Berkley Budge, ofNew York, and Miss Artie Ashbrook,of Lexington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Thomas W. Allen.Miss Elizabeth Clark has asguest at her home on South Highstreet, Miss Eunice Strother, of Danville. Mrs. Hoffman Wood, of Mt.Sterling, and Miss Nellie Whaley, ofAtlanta," Ga., are guests of H. C.Whaley and family, oh Cypressstreet.Miss Mary Rhoton, of StateCollege, Pennsylvania, who has beena guest of Miss Margaret Haggln,in Georgetown, is visiting friends inthis city.George "Toad" Browner, Jr.,office boy for the Paris branch officeof the Lexington Herald, has gone toMt. Healthy, Ohio, to visit relativesand friends.Miss Mary Will Cobb, of Frankfort, and Miss Princia Gaines, ofGeorgetown, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Prof, and Mrs.B. M. Roberts.W. V. Shaw, general agent ofthe Louisville & Nashville, at thispoint, has gone to Petoskey, Mich, tcjoin Mrs. Shaw on a vacation staywith a party of friends.Mr. Swift Champ, editor of THENEWS, continues to make encouraging progress against the illness thathas kept him from active duty forthe past three weeks, and is able tosit up at short intervals.Mayor and Mrs. E. B. Januaryhad as guests at their home in thiscity Saturday, Mr. January Grundy,his two daughters and son, of Lebanon. They were en route to Maysville for a visit to Judge A. M. J.Cochran.Attorney Earl M. Mann andfapiily, of Terre Haute, Ind., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Charles P.Mann, making the trip overland intheir auto. Mr. Mann was formerlya resident of Paris, having been associated in business here for sometime with his brother.(Other Personals on Page3.)ot :&.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Realty Co. sold Saturday for Geo. T. Wagoner a two-storyresidence on Eighth street, to theZion Baptist Church, colored, for$4,000.Mitchell, Moreland & Mitchell, ofParis, sold Saturday for Miss NoraMackej-, of Covington, the house andlot on Vine street, occupied by Robt.Sadler and Ed. 'Richardson, for ?2,0.00, to the occupants.H. B. Bryson and Jas. H. Tilton,of the Bryson Real Estate Agency, atCarlisle, closed, a deal in Paris, Saturday, in which they purchased foiHenry Sledd, of Paris, a tract offifty-five acres of the old Bosworthfarm, located on the Parker's Millroad. They paid $24,000 for theproperty, which wa"; owned by OwenRatliffe, of Lexington.Rev. James M. Maxon, formerlyrector of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, in this city, and later President of Margaret College, in Versailles, has accepted a call to therectorship of Christ Church, inNashville, Tenn., and will be installed in his new charge on October 3, by Bishop Thos. F. Gay lor,of Tennessee. Rev. Maxon is atpresent in charge of a Louisvillecongregation.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, August, 17George Walsh, in "The Deadline;"William Duncan and Edith Johnson,"The Silent Avenger;" added attraction, Rea Nye, "The Girl of Mystery." To-morrow, Wednesday, August18 Mary Miles Minter, in "A Cumberland Romance;" Joe Ryan andJean Paiger m a new serial, "Hidden Dangers;" added attraction,Rea Nye, "The Girl of Mystery."Thursday, August 19 Douglas,,T?V . Fairbanks, in "The Mollycoddle;"JnPndin?Sunshine Comedy, "The Lighting;" added attraction, Rea Nye,"The Girl of Mystery."Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.IN NEW POSITIONMiss Thelma Thomas has resignedher position as night operator in theCuimberland Telephone office, andhas accented a nositio-n as assistantJ. P. H&rbeson and Miss Mary Dan j t0 Manager Sam Bixler, in the Western Union Telegraph office. MissThomas assumed her -new duties Fri-HarbesonVictor K. Shipp, of OklahomaCity, Okla., and brother, Prof. R.M. Shipp, of Clifton, Tenn., former residents of Paris, are here asguests of friends and relatives inThe city and county. Prof. Shippwill go to Hazard to conduct ateachers' institute soon.The following from Paris attneded the dance given in Georgetown, Friday evening: James McClintock, John Dundon, PrestonBales, Fithian. Arkle, Ralph Connell,Frank Tulley and William Rogers;from Millersburg, Vimont Layson,Reese In gels and Charles Fisher.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris schools, has returned from New York, where hespent his summer vacation attending the Suiroier. School of Columbia"University. H Prof. Kirpatrfck willday.PUTTING THE LID ON.One by one the bibulous are losing their beverages of last resort.Then Bureau of Internal Revenue hasplaced blackberry cordial, wild-cher-lywine, the elixirs of licorice, aniseand bitter orange, compound spritsof juniper and myrcia, compoundtincture of lavender and a -nupiberof other pharmaceutical preparations on the list of intoxicatingliquors. Thbugh Jamaca ginger,colloquially known as. "Jackie!"seems a long way removed fromcompound tincture of lavjender, thelaw has ferreted out their relation-conduct the Jessamine County ship and published it abroad.Seeing is BelievingWe want all to come and SEE the wonderfulof bargains at Simon's Closing Out Sale.It's merchandise you need nowMerchandise you will need a little later.Just read the following low prices and see foryourself.RELIGIOUS.iranA line of feibbons up to 6 inches wide, selling outprice, per yard ." , IOCA large lot of 30c towels at 21c eachWarner Bros, make Corsets ,. 98cCorset Covers at : 33cLadies' Hose at ,. ." 23cChildren's Sox at 1 5cA large line of White Goods, worth up to 00c per yard, at. .59cMadras Cloth , 75c quality, at 52 1-2c ...A line of Striped Messalines, $3.50 quality, to closeout at , $1.79A big selection of Silks, 36 inches wide, worth upto S3. 50 per yard, at $ 1 .98All Crepe de Chenes and Georgettes on hand, $3.50values, at this closing out sale at $1.98 -,, , Motor Cloth at.: 69c and 89cBig Reductions in Our Ready-to-Wear and MillineryDepartmentsFOR SALETwo Rugs, slightly used.Will sell reasonable.HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYimmraiMifmuu!E3aA WONDERFUL SALEOF WONDERFUL DRAPERIESAT REMARKABLE REDUCTIONSSale Begins Monday, Aug. 16thAnd is For Cash OnlyE believe that we have assembled the most beau-ful and complete line of Draperies ever brought ' Jto Paris. You should take immediate advantage ofthis offering. In a large city our whole display would notlast one hour if priced as low as ours will be. We expectto reduce the whole line from twenty to fifty per centSee Ourwmmmmm,?Show WindowCome early and secure the best. Some short lengthswill be especially attractive.WHEN jYOU BUY YOURDRAPERIES HANG THEM ONAv-vKIRSCH RODSDon't Forget Monday, August 16thTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY. SIXTH AND MAMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coacb UndertakingA,i) 3f.i'--'KTHE BOURBON NEWS, Att, UMTUCCTTO8DAy,JUtKSftr 17, 1921.EuSl&QKELPS KCAKE STRONG,iTItnriYMrN andHEALTHYBEAUTIFUL WOMEN"Iron is red blood food and inmy experience I have foundno Dctier means oi ouuumsup the rea ciooa corpusclesom4 fioinintr tn crive increased power to theDiooatnan organic nun-like wuxaiea iron.pr. U. V. Van, rormen7physician In the Balli-r-oreHospital and ftJ'erteal Er&mlner.TAIL BUILDINGS CAUSE WINDSYou may learn jmany interesting things about air currents andthe way storms develop by watching the movement of pieces of paper, or perhaps your hat, as it iswhirled about the street. A varietyof miniature wind storms are developed by the high buildings of ourcities or the forms of streets, whichwell repay careful study. On a hotday even when the air is perfectlyquiet the atmosphere, as it becomesheated tends to rise against the sidesof rocks or 'buildings, and if it travels far enough will develop in aStrong wind, which descends on theopposite side and plays queerpranks. A small whilrwind is oftenproduced by the action of windagainst a corner formed by severalbuildings. As the winds travelsdown a street again, especially anarrow one, it rapidly increases invelocity. A little will spill intothe side streets, but the (main streamwill flow on gathering momentum.Watch the wind strike against theside of a high building and noticehow it mushrooms out on all sidessplitting into many air currents andtrace thes till they come to rest,but be sure to hold tightly to yourhat in the meantime.THE IDEAL TONIC ARGO-PHOS-PHATE.The world's greatest tonic forlassitude and all run-down anaemicconditions. It just pats pep into thewhole system. "It's the best tonic Iever used," says a Boston physician.Dispensed by Brooks & SnappDrug Co.(july20-augl7)oScrew Is Modern Invention.Shears were invented In' 400 B. C,the "snuffers" referred to In Exodushaving been merely a small knife withft pair of tweezers to trim the wicksof lamps, with a point to part thestrands. The screw was a Greek Invention, and greatly used by the Romans as a means of producing motion. Centuries passed, however, before the nut and screw, for fastening,was Invented. The common screwcame Into use less than 200 years ago.oWorth Trying, Anyway.If you want to insure yourself good.luck, wear your new drtss for the firsttime to church, so sayeth old DoctorLore, Doctor Folk Lore, to be moreexact Maybe the old gentleman waslaughing up his sleeve the way hevsaldthis, believing In his heart that thegood luck would follow attendingchurch : but then ir'; jus sis well notto go to analyzing rlie whys and the-whereforps of these old superstitions,because after all they are "just forfun."oSAV'DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material in& poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyea."Easy directions in every package.4......... ..,9..t. ..... .t, ,,....,GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENiMake Lemon Lotion to DoubleI Beauty of Your Skin ??.., ..,,...,... ""t. ........ ....Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can be-had at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemoDbleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T),GIVE CREDIT TO PHOENICIANSScientists Believe That Race Erected.the Immense Monoliths Found inVarious Places.Giant monoliths standing strangelyalone in many places on the globewhen discovered by intrepid explorers and adventurers during the recentcenturies, are being referred to as thegreatest mysteries of human historyby archeologists, who are now tryingto determine what race built them.They are scattered In far-off places.They are monstrous pieces of rudesculpture. They are built of terrifyingstone blocks, some weighing as muchas 250 tons.In many districts where the greatmemorials stand there are no stonesof such size to be found, and consequently they must have been transported from places far away. Themost famous of them are the cromlechs in England. Others are foundin western Erance, northern Germany,in Denmark, Africa, Madagascar,Asia, from Mt. Sinai and the Caucasusto India; and among the most wonderful and mysterious of all are thosefound on lonely Easter island In thePacific ocean. M. Levlstre, a Frencharcheologist, believes they were erected by the Phoenicians, as most of themhave been found near rivers. Somestudents are inclined to believe thePhoenicians reached America by thelost Atlantis, a legendary continentthat now is sunken somewhere in theAtlantic. A footprint, the Phoenicianmark of death, has been found carvedin many, while a coiled snake, anothermark of these navigators also Isfound."GHEE" MUCH USED IN EASTConcentrated Form of Butter Fat Employed in 'Preparation of Almost Ail Dishes.Ghee is briefly described as clarified butter. Cow's or buffalo's milk issubmitted to a process of churningand boiling which yields a concentrated form of butter fat considered to beentirely free from curd, whey or water. This product keeps better thanordinary butter, but has a tastje notusually appreciated by Europeans. Although commonly associated with thediet of the British Indian, ghee is usedas well throughout the Red sea district by the Arabs, Somalis, BritishIndians, and other native elements ofthepopulation. In a minor way gheeis used medicinally and ceremonially;but its principal use is in the preparation of food, and "no native meal inthis part of the world is truly relishedunless ghee is generously used in someform or other. It is worked into thedough for native bread, and the breadis fried in ghee; or if ordinary breadis used the pieces broken off to beeaten are first dipped into a cup orvessel of hot ghee. It Is used in thepreparation of all meat dishes, and ofmany vegetable dishes. Some natives,particularly the Arabs, boil it withmilk and drink the mixture.IThe Beard in History.The beard, considered a sign of manhood, was stroked for the first time'n Paradise by Adam, if tradition isto be believed, and has had a strangepart in the world's history of vanityand fashion ever since. History says(he kings of Persia plaited theirbeards with golden thread, and thatthe winged bulls of Assyria also hadboard. Saladin's son, Turkish histoiians say, wept for fear when hesaw the shaven envoys of the Crusaders. Razors made of flint and oystershell w.ere used hi prehistoric timeswhen man gave way to the first demands of vanity. The greatest benefactor of harbers in the world's history was Alexander the Great, whoshaved himself to preserve his youth,and had his army shaved to preventthe enemy seizing their beards. Heset a fashion that was followed 'by(lie Greeks, the philosophers by profession alone being excepted. Thiscustom adopted by him has come downthrough the centuries.Napoleon's Height.'Historians say that at the time ofhis coronation Napoleon Bonapartewas a little under five feet, threeItches, but he became stooped laterin life and at his death measuredscarcely more than five feetPearl Poachers.To see the pearl fisher at workthere is no need to go to the Southsens. In the first fine days of .Tunelie may be found by burn or loch Ina dozen parts of Scotland, says a correspondent. He Is usually of the tinker class, and his outfit is of the simplest a water telescope made of woodand a bit of common glass, and a cleftstick to pull up the mussels, in anyone of which he may find a small fortune. These mussel-pearls from theYthan and Teith and other Scottishstreams fetch good prices; one wassold not long ago for fully .$250. Pearlsare found in Canada mussels also,some of them of considerable value.But in Canada there is little or noprivate ownership of waters, so thatour pearl fishers run no risk, as do theScots, of being arrested for poaching.Montreal Herald.ROOSEVELT INDORSES- LEAGUEOF NATIONS.MILWAUKEE, WIS., August 16.Indorsement of the League of Nations by the United .States wouldhave saved Poland, Franklin D.Roosevelt, Democratic nominee forVice President, declared here Thursday night in the closing speech ofthe first day of his Western speakingtrip.The moral effect of Americanmembership in the league would havehalted the Russian armies withouta single American soldier crossingthe seas, he said."History will lay a great share ofthe report by for the plight of thesplendid people of Poland upon thoselittle narrow men in the UnitedStates Senate; those little narrowmen who today control the machinery of the Republican party," Mr.Roosevelt declared."But for their desire to satisfypersonal spite the Bolshevists wouldnot be knocking at the gates of Warsaw." Mr. Roosevelt's League of Nationsspeech came as an answer to criticism that he avoided the issue in hisChicago speech Wednesday night."I am not afraid of the League ofNations," he told his audience here,and described the covenant at lengthas an application of moral law to international relations.. He had mentioned the league briefly in hisspeech at a down-town theatre.Arriving in Milwaukee late Thursday evening Mr. Roosevelt was whisked to the University Club, where headdressed the Milwaukee HarvardClub, and from there to the PressClub, where he met newspaper men.oSCROEDER SAYS TEAM WORKNECESSARY.- Magpie Sacred in Norway.The magpie Is, or was. held to be sacrtd In Norway, and whoever lifted ahaad against It promptly, broughtfrn a curse not only upon himself,bmt ea Us family, relations, intlmatatrim, lire, stock and householdVoay rany -roartliaea be seen.DAYTON, O., Aug 16. Beforeleaving McCook Field en-route toFrance, where he will fly as the airservice entry in the Gordon BennetAirplane race, Major R. W. Schroeder, world's highest flyer said:"The three American entries aregoing to use team work to win therace and bring the cup back to theUnited States. Of course I want towin, but will be just as glad to seeeither of the other two Americanpilots do it."Major Schroeder was accompaniedby his wife. He will stop at his homein Chicago and from there go to NewYork. His plane was shipped fromMcCook Field on Friday.e -PROFESSOR SCHULTZE DEADProf. Charles Schultze, for manyyears a resident of Paris, where heconducted successfully a large classin piano and music, died Fridaymorning at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Charles C. Sandusky, nearLexington, after a week's illness.He had been in failing health forthe past year. Professor Schultzewas in his eightieth year. .Prof. Schultze was 'boAi in Cassel Hesse, Germany, on April 20,3 840. He came to this country atthe age of fifteen, and settled inFort Wayne, Ind. After a few yearsresidence there he moved to Kentucky, coming first to Lexington,and from there to Paris, where hespent many happy years, as he expiessed it when here on a visit somemonths ago. Prof. Schultze was anaccomplished musician, and was thesoul of courtesy, with ways ascharming as those of a woman. Hewas a man of the highest order ofintellectual attainments. For severalyears he taught German at Transylania University, in Lexington. Hewas well-known to the older residents of Paris. Some months ago hecame to Paris to renew old acquaintances, and was the guest whileheie of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Weckesser. He delighted in recalling incidents in the old days of Paris, andpassed mary happy hours with oldfriends who were glad to give hima hearty comeback to Paris.Prof. Schultze is survived bythree children, Mrs. Charles C. Sandusky, of near Lexington; Carl E.Schultze, of New York City, whoattained fame as a cartoonist, andas the creator of the "Foxy Grandpa" cartoons; and Claude S.Schultze, of Indianapolis, Ind.The funeral was held Saturdaymorning at ten o'clock, with services conducted in the chapel in theLexington Cemetery, by Rev. E. F.Snoddy. The interment followed inthe Lexington Cemetery.oTHE LURE OF THE WHITELIGHTS.The United States Census showsthat one-fourth of the folks in theUnited States now live in cities ofover 100,000 inhabitants. There arenow sixty-six cities of that character in this country. In the ten yearssince the 1910 census more than 6,500,000 people who before that lived in small communities have goneto cities of 100,00 or more. 9n theother hand the large cities have notlost so-largely of their populationand every time the Director of theCensus puts out a new bunch of figures they show that the lure of thewhite lights constantly adds to thenumber of recruits gathered fromthe spiall towns and farming districts. oSTATE ELECTION BOARD TOCANVASS RETURNSOstrich Telephoning.When the eggs on the ostrich farmin 'California are on the point of hatching, a curious tapping of the shell maybe beard. This the keepers call "telephoning." The sound is caused bjthe chicks inside the eggs endeavoringto break out. Those which cannoteasily emerge are assisted by themother bird, which will sometimebreak an egg from which the telephoning Is heard by pecking It carefullyand will then aid the chick to get out.Al Ine f asaaena iarm the sight of Bvery business needs three kindsa doj naing an ostnefi as he wouli a 1 0f men a creatof- of ideas, a crea-The State election commissionwill (meet in Frankfort, August 21,to canvass primary election returns,naming county election commissioners and selecting a secretary tosucceed Jefferson Wood, resigned.The call for the meeting was issuedby Roy Speck, Clerk of the Courtof Appeals. The members of theboard are William Heyburn, Louisville, Republican; Judge James is.Polsgrove, Frankfort Democrat andClerk of the Court Speck, RepubliWomenMade YoungBright eyes, a clear skin and c bodyfull of youth and health may beyours if you will keep your systemin order by regularly takingCOLD MEDALTh world's standard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles, theenemies of liie and looks. In use since1696. All druggists, three sizes.Look for the name Gold Medal on every boxand accept no imitationAttention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market ForYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.Origin of Coal.After an exhaustive study of a number of coal seams, James Lomax concludes that almost all had their originin vegetable, matter deposited on thespot, the coal substance being formedby the dropping of leaves, twigs, barksand fruits, in the shape of seeds andfructiferous cones mainly from largetrees.Be Truthful Always.He'that is habituated to deceptionsand artificialities in trifles, will try invain to be true in matters of Importance; for truth Is a thing of habitrather than of will. You cannot In anysudden and single effort will to be trueif the habit of your life has been insincere. F. W. "Robertson.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. NoNo commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS. KENTUCKYagents;Junel5-3mwv--'1IIUMUIMERMicCOVERHiinitfltMil'..lo,.ti'''PRINTEDandCirculars willBookletsCircularSell YourGoodsCome toUsLUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentuckyi&When Better Automobiles Are' Built,Buick Will Build ThemTHIS bigseVfcn passenger Buick Model K-49is the ideal family car of the Buick series. Itslarge roomy tonneau and luxurious seats are filledwith comfort.Its finish and design combine both beauty andrefinement, readily attracting the attention of thosewho take pride in ownership.The Buick Valve-in-Head motor furnishes surpluspower, assuring the usual Buick economical serviceand endurance.iThese qualities of construction have increased thiscar's popularity to such a degree that purchaserswho delay in placing their orders experience difficulty in securing desired delivery.' yF"l --"-t - - .B52The C. S. Sailtor ofgooB, a creator of talekrCor. rourth and PI.- if id ."-vti a muroieatantStt.x -I ""Jr"ii'j -,TUESDAY. AUGUST 17, 192,0,Asfc forHILL'SFjVE MILLIONUSED IT LASTcascaraEJquinineBftOMlStandard cold remedy for 20 yearsotJU 1UICU lUtUJ M , avopiates breaks up a com m ztnoun relieves gnp in uays.loney back it it tails, inegenuine box hat a RedkTtop with Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drum Stmrma"Shin Plaster" Currency.The name "shin plaster" was appliedto all forms of currency Issued by theUnited States government during theCivil war, but more especially to thenotes for less than $1. They were andare redeemed by the government onpresentation. Several million dollarsof them are still outstanding and arecarried on the national treasury booksas part of the debt bearing no interest.o,....-----"""-"- NfM..,HMfI QUIT TOBACCOSo easy to drop Cigarette,Cigar, or Chewing habit-To-T3ac lias helped thousands to) ,a' the costly, nerve-shattering toha n habit. Whenever you have aloi iiur for ii Miioke or chew, just placea harmless Xo-To-Bac tablet in yournioath instead. All desire stops. Shortlythe habit is completely broken, and youare Ixttcr off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, "so simple. Get abox "cf No-To-Bac and H it doesn't release ou from all craving for tobacco inam form, your druggist will refundrear money without question. Ko-To-Bacis made by the owners of Cascarets;therefore is thoroughly reliable.tMAMERAnt!BQnajCetterheadsEnvelopes'(Bill HeadsGivelTslfoiti:Qcdees forr"FJL.JLAIL..BRIGHTEREVENINGSJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSdue her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does rassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncornAcated)- nDHSSimBAlSr SCHEDULETa . CARS LEAVE-ui2Ton Eor Paris ForPnriLexingtonM. 6:45? G.OOx- XI.7:20A. M.8:50X- 10:20A. M.A. M.8:159:45;' ' H.50A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2: 15Jr- xi.P.M.p- M.P.M.P.M.1:202:504:206:007:20P. 2LP. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.3:455:156:508:1510:05P. M9:10, . P. M. 11:55U) Daily except Sunday.TUCKY Tit ACTION AHD TERKQTAL COMPANYy I IV J n HallPEOPLEkYEAR .ti n cim-aX-vSw"XAECEITECITOE A3 A PROFESSION."The boy -whose skill in drawingor designing inclines him towardarchitecture as a profession shouldbe warned beforehand that artisticsuccess is difficult, requiring years ofearnest effort, and that very fewarchitects grow rich," says an article, "When You Grow Up Architect?" in the August Boys' Life"A prominent member of the profession says that the only certaintyabout an architect's earnings is thathe may earn nothing at all, andthat the very few mien who havemade money in the profession havenot always achieve a real success asjudged by professional ideas. Thefinancial returns are far belowthose in other professions."To attain any marked success aman must have either extraordinaryability or influential connections.Work conies to the young architectthiough winning competitions orthrough direct award. A showingof previous work is often requiredfor entrance to competions, so thatbeginners are barred. Without patronage or unusual ability tlia firstcommissions are hard to get. Inthe face of these facts, hard workand real talent will usually win anhonest living is nothing more, withthe additional rewards of pleasantassociations, variety of out-doorand indoor work, a profession unlimited in possibilities, and the artistic satisfaction which cqmes fromcreation and self-expression.""DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)Bad Temper.It is an almost invariable rule thatcomplaints "are mutual. There are twosides to every bad temper. The truthis, bad temper is due loss to the occurrence of irritating things than tothe occurrence of things to -irritablepeople.SAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material in &poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyea.wEasy directions in package."FREEZONE"Lift Off Corns I No Pain!jDoesn't nuit a bit! Drop a little"Freezone" on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents,sufficient to remove eery hard corn,soft corn, or corn between ilie tons,and the calluses, without sorenessor irritation.(adv-T-tf)coSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESICryptoks Artificial EyesIamcible Bifocal LhiSMlkwMtCMBW 4tk sad Ch tat St.LOUISVILLE. KY.jBiiiillt- ti2t8g"rail VTH BOURBON NEWS,; PARK, KTOTUOHNO LANGUAGE QUITE PUREWords Expressing New Ideas and NewThings Are Passed From Nation to Nation.If by "a pure language" Is meant onethat does not contain words adoptedfrom another language, then there arenone among civilized nations. A language is not something made to order,and that once made ends there sofar as development is concerned. Alanguage grows in many ways. Takemodern English for example. It differs considerably from the English ofthe time of Queen Elizabeth, and itis so different from the languagespoken in England at the time of theNorman conquest that could one ofthose old Saxons come back he wouldnot understand us and we would notunderstand him. And yet the language he spoke Is the basis of modernEnglish. Since the time of the Saxons there has been great growth. TheNormans brought in French, andscholars since then have brought inthousands of words derived from Latinand Greek. These are English wordstoday, but the roots from which theysprang are to be found in other andin many cases in older languages. Itis because of this that the English vocabulary is so extensive and the language so expressive.Italian, Spanish and French arelargely derived from Latin, which wasthe language of ancient Home, and forcenturies Rome was the ruler of continental Europe. And the Latins borrowed from the still older Greek.A living language is always grow-in?. For example, science is introducing new words to express new ideasand to name new things.TRACING HISTORY OF BEDMany Varieties Have Been Used, NotAll of Them Conducive toHealthful Sleep.Iron beds were first made for ordinary use a couple of hundred yearsago, and gradually people saw the advantages of this metal bed, until nowadays they are almost universally inuse. The Romans used rough framework beds, interlaced with thongs, although, of course, the idea was muchimproved upon in the beds of some ofthe emperors, ornamented with jewels. After the thong-and-frameworkbed came the first idea of a mattress,in the shape of the "chest bed." Thiswas a kind of shallow box stuffed withdry moss or feathers, and altlibugh itmust have been comfortable, it must,at the same time, have been extremelyinsanitary. Later on came the bigfour-poster canopy bedsteads. Thesepieces of "sleeping furniture" werehung with curtains which did littleelse but collect dust and keep awayfresh air. One had to be wealthy tosleep at all comfortably n those days,for although there were plenty ofvermin about, there was no effectiveinsect-killer. So when the bed of arich man became infested, he movedto another of his houses, and let thevermin die of starvation. The poorman, with only one house, merelygrinned and bore it or, rather, them.Inventor of the Letter-Box.The inventor of the letter-box wasAnthony Trollope, the novelist, whowas. a surveyor of the post office, inEngland, from 1S41 to his retirementfrom the service in 1867. One sureway of arousing Trollope's ire was tosuggest that he neglected his postoffice work for the sake of his novels.He took, "as a matter of fact, an intense pride in his official work, or, ashe put it, he had a passion for letters.In his autobiography he enumeratedvarious benefits for which the publichad cause to be grateful to him. Firstcame the arrangement by which thepeople living in little villages couldbuy postage stamps ; secondly, the freeand early rural delivery, and the putting up of pillar or letter-collectingboxes. Of that accommodation hesays: "In the streets and ways ofEngland I was the originator, having,however, got the authority for theerection of the first at St. Helier, inJersey."Caves Always of Interest.None of the peculiar formations ofthe earth are more Interesting thancaves, and many are the adventuresthat have been had by the explorersof these often mysterious caverns.The very word "cave" seems to havea strong attraction for everybody.Some of the best and most interestingstories have been written about adventures In aves, so they have alwaysbeen well advertised on libraryshelves. And then we must remember that caves were the only homes ofmany people who lived in the undiscovered parts of the world thousands ofyears ago, and this in itself adds muchhistorical interest to these naturaltunnels under the surface of theearth.Historic Building.In the older part of the city ofKingston, Canada, is a small framehouse which was occupied by GovernoiSimcoe in 1792-98 immediately afteihis arrival in Canada. Here he composed the proclamation calling thefirst parliament of Upper Canada(now Ontario) to meet In the summeiat Newark (now Niagara). In thatparliament he not only laid the groundwork of government but planned liberally for religious and educationalwork. The small "government house''has been modernized a bit by a cheapporch, but is still primitive as well-as' eloquent in historic interest.Christian Science Monitor.,EUE0PrAn?H is STliiUNCERTAIN!WARSAW, Auf. 16. The PolishPeace Mission is said to be on itsway back to Warsaw. Reports received here indicate that the delegation is passing through townsand villages occupied by Bolshevikiforces. The local Jewish parishpopulations are said already to besetting up Soviet and Commnistgovernments.PARIS, Aug. 16. With GeneralWeygand, head of the French mission to Warsaw, conumanding theFolish army and with the entireFrench General Staff directing; Genaral Wrangle's forces in SouthernRussia, the theory of Marshal Fochthat "might is right" officially is accepted here and the militarist party is practically in controlof France.In the meantime the reorganization of the 600,000 Polish troops Isbeing conducted with feverish haste.An immense aerial fleet is to bedispatched to Poland and will be followed by heavy artillery, clothing,rifles, etc., as well as officers to instruct in military tactics.The plans Marshal Foch has jmadefor General Wrangle's army couldnot be ascertained but theyevidently are complete, for the Marshal is satisfied that his policy atlast has been adopted.The Foreign Office admits thatFrance intends to fight the MoscowGovernment to a finsh, being convinced absolutely that she hasAmerica's backing.The undiluted approval ofFrance's policy of war to the endagainst the Soviest is read in thenote of the Washington State Department to the Italian Ambassador.The reference in the note to thewithdrawal of troops from occupiedRuss.a is interpreted here to concernthe Japanese contingent in Siberia,but not to affect in any way thetroops of General Wrangle and ofPoland, while the general ( tone isdeclared to be intensely sympatheticto the French viewpoint as apposedto the British pacifist attitude.Therefore, sure of America's approval, France &cs embarked on anew war, the consequence of which,the most sanguine of (military critics declare, is impossible to forecast.Efforts are under way to enlistthe support of Roumania and Hungary with a view to the initiationof a tremendous push, which Marshal Foch believes would sweepacross Russia from the Black Seato the Baltic and Finland to Siberia, eradicating Bolshevism fromthe entire country.The diplomatic viewpoint of thesituation to-day is that an extremely serious break in the FrenchBritish entente cordial coolily is contemplated by the Foreign Office,which states that French will -notback down on her intended warplans.Relations with Italy are strained,France charging Italy with tne responsibility for Poland's fall, owing to'the withdrawal of the Italiantroops, which policed the AUenstein district at the very momentwhen armed resistance was necessaiy to prevent the Tied army fromcutting the Danizg-Warsaw communications. Italy has indicated a strict neutrality in any armed conflict withRussia. She is sympathetic withthe Russian people and her commercial relations with them are now mfull swing. $50,000,000 worth of(merchandise and raw material having already been exchanged via Trieste. From the financial viewpoint thesituation is viewed with extremepessimism."France," said a promenent economist here today, "is spendinggood money, of which she has nonetoo much, running after bad debt?.,the payment of which is doubtful.The Kolchak and Denikine adventures cost France more than 2,000,000,000 francs. Poland, GeneralWrangle, Roumanio and Hungarywill cost her -more than she can evercollect from Germany."In the meantime it is consideredto be doubtful whether the RussoPolish peace negotiation ever willtake place owing to the encouragement given to thp Warsaw Government by the French note dispatchedyesterday, advising the negotiatorsto refuse the terms if they involvea reduction of the Polish governments. oUNCOVER OLD GRAVEYARD(Mt. Sterling Advocate)Wednesday while digging a trenchin order to lay a sewer pipe fromthe Mt. Sterling garage, a skeletonwas struck and the bones of the legsand some ribs were removed. StonesIndicating head and foot of a grave,were removed and about eighteeninches below these stones were discovered the skeleton. Itis possibleThat at some time a family graveyard was located at this point. Wi1have not heard of any one of ourolder citizenship that could remember a graveyard at this point. Theonly item that could be called upwas that some years past, in thissame location, and near this pointwhile laborers were engaged in similar work the head and face bonedof a skeleton were unearthed.ALVERSON OUT OE POLITICSiThs Lexington Leader says:"Jesse M. Alverson, of Paris, f ownerClerk of the Kentucky State Senate, was in Lexington on business.Asked what he thought of the political situation in Kentucky, Mr. Alverson said he is out of politics. Hebought a big farm in Bourbon couuey after ha sold the GeorgetownTimes, of which he was editor andcwner, to the Lancaster brothers."oImitation Pearls.Very clever imitations of pearlshave been made by filling thin glassbulbs with a solution of, fish scalenacre. ' - ,64A SURE TIPPut Your MoneySuits and YOUYou'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Valuesat-$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, UnderweariiSAVE THETWIN BROS.9 CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor)sTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.. Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.K:E..:1FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.gKBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4The Bourbon LaundryParis,tIMt at7 wAWksmnmfon One of Our.CANT LOSE!gch Summer ClothesDIFFERENCEitIXIIXIIXilliililW. DAVISiLaundry;West Fifh StreetSATISFACTION;OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IXIXIXIXIKentuckyjJfIX;t: i, ft. ',VJ2 VJ"IJs,sKis?v ia v1 1'2,-?:! &JFAGS KGRTHB BOpRBON NEWS, PARK, KENTUCKYTUWBDAY. AUGUST 17, ItMILLERSBURGDEATHS.ntAIANU AIM If PAUIM UUANIl AJm.'..;AH. Aduit, wc . 3c w-ux. a. m. A m. A iflM. -M. a MBb .h.. a ... -. j ntuHHtnniiChildren nd Gallery IScpfec 3c war tax.....2cQuite a number frqm here willmfctend the Masonic Centennial atCkrKsle, Wednesday.Miss Edna Clarke is visitinglfer aunt, Mrs. W. W. Hutchison, acHepton.Rev. and Mrs. Robert Wilson,California, Ky., are guests of hermother, Mrs. Amanda Mastin.Mrs. Bayles DeBell returned toXer home at Swing, Friday, after ajfew days' visit to her daughter,"Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, and family,accompanied by her little granddaughter Miss Alice Courtney.CARD OF THANKS We deJre to take this means of thankingor many friends, both white andcolored, for the interest taken in our3on, Jesse Clay, during his last illness. MR. AND MRS. GEO. CLAY.Children's Day was observed atthn Methodist Church, at the Sunday morning service, at which timea delightful program was rendered,all of the little folks doing theirparts nicely. A large audience wasin attendance.THE SICK Mr. S. M. Allennnd Mrs. Clare Shanks continueabout the same. Mr. W. M. Brownand little daughter, Marguerete, andMaster William Virgil Burroughsare improving. No change for theBetter in the condition of Mrs.Anna Darnell and Mr. M. M. Bowles.Mr. J. T. Judy is drMig as well ascan be expe ted. Mrs. W. W. Morton is among the sick.TAYLOR.J Mrs. Harriet S. Taylor, agedseventy, died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. J. C. Gragg, on theFerguson pike, near Paris, Saturdayjjnight at 10:30 o'clock, after ashort illness. Besides her daughter.she is survived by one son, Claude(Taylor, of Harrion county, and twograndchildren, Edison and LouiseCurrent, of Bourbon county, and onesister, Mrs. Julia Butler, of Lexington. I The funeral will be held at the(home of Mrs. Gragg, this (Tuesday).morning, at nine o'clock. The burial will follow on the family lot intiie Jacksonville Cemetery.HOLLAR.Nettie Ray Hollar, three-year-olddaughter of Mr. . and Mrs. William Hollar, formerly of this couniy, died at the home of her parents,in Stanford, after a short illness.jThe little child had been playingarond on the floor, and, picking up abean, put it in her mouth, chokingto death before medical aid could bebummoned.The body was brought to thehome of Mr. Hollar's sister, MrsGeorge W. Allison, on the Bethle-jhem road, near Paris. The funeralwas held Saturday afternoon atthree o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the ParisCe.metery by Revs. ' Clinton H. Greer,pastor of tbe Paris Methodistchurch, and Theo. S. Smylie, pastorof the Paris Presbyterian church.0TJKTY CLERKS LOSE IN REDUCED PEES.County Court Clerks are entitledto 15 cents and not 25 cents forissuing dog licenses, according to anopinion rendered by Attorney General Charles I. Dawson. The lastsession rf the General Assembly reduced the dog license fee receivedby County Clerks' from 25 to 15cents, and allowed, th'e Commissionerof- Agriculture 3 pier pent, instead ofJTer cent, of the-jlicense tax. County clerks have written to Attorneyinquiring if they1 are entitled duringthe remainder of. he!term for whichthey were elected to collect the 25cent tax. The' Attorney Generalheld that the reduction of fees is not,-?n violation of the section of theConstitution that provides that thos'o.mpensLtion of any city, county.Town or municipal officer shall notfte changed after his election orappointment, or during his term ofoffice, and that the Legislature hadthe right to reduce the compensation., Today, TuesdayGeorge WalshIN"The Deadline"ALSOWM. DUNCAN "The Silent Avenger"Tomorrow, Wednesdayary Miles Minterin "A Cumberland Romance"Adapted from the book, "A Modern Europa," by JohnFox, Jr.alsoJOE RYAN AND JEAN PAIGEin "HIDDEN DANGERSV,SHROPSHIRE."Mrs. Gano Shropshire, one ofthe best known women in Scottcounty, died at her home inGeorgetown after a short illness.Mrs. Shropshire was a daughter ofEdward Burgess, and is survived byseveral brothers and sisters, twosons, Arden Shropshire, of Clarksburg,. W. Va., Grover Shropshire, ofGeorgetown, and two daughters,Mrs. James Estill Cleveland, ofNicholasville, and ' Mrs. FelixSwope, of Scott county. She wasclosely related to the Shropshirefamily of Bourbon county throughmarriage.The funeral was held at threeo'clock Saturday afternoon, withservices conducted by Rev. Ira Boswell, at tbe grave, in the Georgetown Cemetery.BIRTHS.In ihis city, to the wife of Mr.Clifford H. Goodjmin. of the L. &3S"., a fine son, weight, eight pounds.Mr. and Mrs. Goodman were formerly -of Maysville.In Jackson, Ky., to the wife ofCarlisle Spencer, a seven-pounden, christened Carlisle Spencer, Jr.Mrs. Spencer was formerly MissSimia Stone, daughter of Mrs. E. L.Stone, of Paris.FITZGERALD.William Fitzgerald, aged sixty-five,a, farmer of the Jacksonvillevicin?ty, died at his home nearJacksonville, at seven o'clock, Sunday evening, after a long illnessdue to malignant tumor of the.stomach. He was a son of Mr. and(Mrs. John Fitzgerald, of the salrnevicinity, who preceded him to thegrave many years ago. Mr. Fitzgerald is survived by two sisters,Mrs. P. J. Bryon, of Fleming, Mrs.M. C. Sweeney, of Bourbon county;two brothers, James Fitzgerald, ofParis, and John Fitzgerald, of Cynthiana. The funeral will be held at teno'clock this (Tuesday) morning, inthe Paris Cemetery. The pallhearers will be James T. Sweeney,James Fitzgerald, Michael J. Sweeney, John Welsh, Wm. Fitzgeraldand George Burns.oTiPifA Phonographsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT,Miilersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.I1AMOU R observanceof all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.Thursday and FridayDOUGLAS FAIRBANKSin "THE MOLLYCODDLE"It's new and original! in story and action.- Far from anything that has beenattempted before. Sex reels of Fairbanks Humor. Thrills, Love, Speed, Action.'.THURSDAYSUNSHINE COMEDY "THE LIGHT WEIGHT LOVERand "CHESTER OUTING7JFRSDAY" 'tfjWARNER OLAND AND EILEEN PERCY, in "THE THIRDEYE," and SNUB. POLLARD COMEDYAdded Attraction at the Grand All This WeekREA NYE. The&?tery The World's Greatest PalmistARE YOU IN LOVE?ARE YOU IN DOUBT?ARE YOU IN TROUBLESEE REA NYEGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningMATRIMONIAL.4SAYS MANY NEWSPAPERS AREFACING DISASTERA marriage license was issuedin Covington, Friday, to Simeon Holleran, 38, of Centerville, this county, and Miss Edith James, 20, of 338Oregon street, Covington. Mr. Holleran is a son of Simeon Hollera,Sr., of near Centerville.ALDRED WOOD.Announcement has been received in Mjllersburg of the recent marriage at Collins, Mi&s., of TriggWood, son of Col. J. C. Wood, a former resident of Millersburg, and IMiss Mattie Aldred, of Collins.BUILDING UP A COUNTRY TOWN, Many newspapers will have tosuspend publication, because production and shipment of print paper must cease, unless the InterstateCommerce Commission modifies itspriority orders in allocating coaland wood cars, Philip T. Dodge,president of the International PaperCompany, declared at New York.In a letter appealing to tiie com-pnission for consideration of paperfills' needs for rail equipment todeliver their fuel and pulp wood,.Mr. Dodge said that more than 400newspapers of the United States directly dependent on the International Paper Company for their paperstock now are living from hand tomouth."The plants at Berlin and Franklin, N. H.; Niagara Falls and Wilder, Vt., and Orono, Me., will haveto shut down if cars are not sentsoon," he said.MOYER HAS STATES WHIPPINGPOST BURNED.One of the first official acfe of W.H. Moyer, of New York, the newwarden of the Frankfort Reforma,tory, was executed when the whipping post at Frankfort Reformatorywas burned.The announcement of destructionof the whipping post was greetedwith -hearty approval by the convicts.Some people say they do not likecountry life on account of the pettyspirit sometimes manifested in smallcommunities. They find fault withneighborhood gossip over small affairs, pett Tivalries 'anJ jealonsies,lack of cny broad outlook. vIn the past therejhave been a goodmany rural communities" where this.criticism was perfectly just. There.are some of that type to-day, thoughrot so many as formerly. jThis spirit has been tremendouslymodified by developments of recent Jyears. The former petty feeling wasmanifested because people in theirleisure time had little else to do bucto engage in petty gossip a-nd rivalries. To-day the people of a progressivecountry town are wide awake, andhave their minds on big tilings, jusfas much as in large cities, probablymore. The metropolitan dweller.vrc content to sit and watch thecrowd go by, a-nd spend their timeinactively at shbws and picturehouses. Thus they develop no initiative and are content to be mererpectators in life.The country people of to-day, atleast in wide awake communities,have a larger outlook von life because they are doing real thingsthemselves, instead of watchingother people do things. Their mindsare full of' progressive business ideasf.nd plans for community development. This shuts out the narrowness which the typical old fashionedcountry town developed.The petty little rivalries' of thepast thus sink out of sight. Peopie grow too big, too broad mindedand generous, to fret because someother person is more popular or moreprominent. The whole characterand temper of a community changeswhen it joins the march of modernprogi ess.HENS MUST BE PRODUCERSSince it costs about two dollars aj ear to feed a hen, every hen ttic.tis to be an asset rather than a .liability must produce more Than twodollars' worth of eggs a. year. '-Accordingto the Department of Agriculture, forty per cent of the hens intle ordinary larm flock do not do sowell and therefore are unprofitablen-nd should be sold or eaten. Acfingunder the direction of agriculturalagents, the poultry keepers oiMissouri by lemoving 93,765 ,np-ofitable hens fiom theii flocks iwvcd last year, approximately $50,181.ENTIRE STOCKof Summer Shoes and Oxfords3SJ"0"v"UrON&D-4IRL.JLAT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES FOR IMMEDIATE DISPOSALtsuy nuw ai ims saie: we areoffering the greatest and best shoevalues you have seen this year. Remember our entire stock of Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear goes inthis sale regardless of cost.C000 &'-tiuJust a Few of the Many Wonderful Shoe BargainsEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES O JkELReduced to P3h W3Beautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES 0 K2Reduced to 'Plar)Newest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.$5.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's' $1.50 and $2.00 Slippers.On Sale at $1.00See Bargain Counters !$8.00 to $9.00 GradesReduced toBrown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, only$4.95Special Price on Suede PumpsRegula price $14.00, " gnow 9b)Greatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.flDAN GOHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty mid Economy ReignIMFiv--,A.J- N- Wr$' iW-. ,f v.- - , i'V.' ' ' jft ,4.1.If$" x- i 'v'""- 4.W(