--, v v1Vs. r-zV?,,- ,r,. ". -V3T:a.J4ifc ;PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY. AND FRIDAYVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 1320r&V.&jsi'' - wfrrwr T y" 7 yyyryy -g rr ' MMgBrowpqTHEBOURBON' HE. WO M. - ; ;. ':"u:JIK THE YEAR. ' ' ' V. . '7i- yt" " -. -V. ' iV.Irt!ftMOB TAKES PRISONERm atIL INTAt the points of pistols a mob otmen. iu antes, coming from whereho one seemed to know, held up Deputy Sheriff John Powell, of Flemingcounty, and Chief of Police FredLink, of Paris, last night about sixo'clock, lelieved them of their revolver i. and took from their custodyGrant Smith, negro, aged forty,wanted at FJemingsburg for criminal assault on a young girl namedRuby Anderson, fifteen years old.Powell arrived in Covington, Sunday night with his prisoner fromPontiac, Mich., to which point thenegro had been traced and placedunder arrest, pending the arrival ofthe Kentucky officer. He was heldin the Covington jail for safe-keeping,and started to Paris yesterdayafternoon over the Louisville &Xashvilje, the officer intending toicmain here last night, and takethe early train to Flemingsburgtlrs morning. Powell wired Chiefof Police Link here of his intentionand asked him to meet him at theL. & N. passenger station in thiscity and help take the man to thParis jail. Chief Link: met them asagreed and started with them in hisautomobile to the jail. When leaving the station they noticed theywere being followed by an auto containing four men, but attached nospecial significance to it, proceeding on their way."When at a point near the WindsorHotel several autos which had beenparek there dashed out filled withmen. Several of the men. got out ofthe machines, leveled revolvers Inthe faces of the officers and whileothers disarmed them, took the prisoner, and placed him m anotherauto, guarded by four men. Themen told the ofilcers they could geethe handcuffs that had been on thenegro after they were through withhim and reduced him to ashed.Powerless, the officers could donothing against an overpoweringforces. The abductors went on downto the jail, where several more automobiles wero stationed and with afinal admonition to the officials tonot try to follow them, the wholebunch hastened out the Maysvilltpike, and weie soon lost to view.Sheriff Powell stated that he did notknow any of the men in the mob.From The smooth manner inwhich the foicible taking of the--prisonerfrom the officers had beencarried out it was evident that ithad all been carefully planned andevery precaution taken to make it asuccess. The officials were takencompletely by surprise, and weredisarmed before they could ovenmake a pretense of resistance. Themembers of the mob were not disguised and proceeded about the business in hand with a cool, determined manner that left no doubt oftheir intention to get the negro rindtake him awty. All the points ofvantage were covered, and no one inthe vicinity had an inkling of whatvas shorlJy to trampire until theactual scene was being staged.The 'mob" was r- law-abiding onein every .respect and was complyingwith the provisions of Gnv. Morrow'snew law, which required that prisoners charged with a crime of thenature of Smith's' should be bung inthe county in which the crime wascommitted.It was reported that the mob hadstopped at Millersburg and hung theprisoner from the railroad bridgethere, but inquiry developed thatsuch was not the case. They proceeded through Millersburg atbreakneck speed and were evidentlyintending to proceed to Flemingsburg or vicinity by a rounaboutroute.The crime for which Smith waswanted was committed near. Flemingsburg. on the same day of thanot at Lexington, on February 9.Smith made his escape, and hadbeen heard of at different-places onseveral occasions, but managed todude the vigilance of the policeuntil, through the clever work cfa detective agency, he was finallylocated at Pontiac, Michigan. TheFlemingsburg officers were notifiedof his arrest, and, extradition papars being obtained, Deputy SheriffPowell was sent to bring him back.Wh'le in the Covington jail Smithstated to Sheriff Powell that he wasinnocent of the charge, but admira -u v. -ha a hP.An enmloyed b3rcu "- " "" ----- Z.i.ma Ithe girl's father, in nei suilciC"vto her father and the officers, MissAnderson described Smith accuratelyfcnd told them that he had been atwork about the place a short timaoefore the crime was committed.-oBOYS' SUITS POR EASTERA special showing this week ofextra values in all-wool cujaSpring Suits at .$15. ?16 a:nd SIS.FROM OFFIGPIT- .J. W. DAY US & i-iu.C0TI12SLTAX COMMISSIONERSMUST VISIT PROPERTY .Governor Morrow signed the billcf Senator Auxier to require countytax commissioners to visit the property of the taxpayers before makingrfsaeeaineni. me enactment of thislaw puts the county tax commissioners in thesame status in making assessment as they occupied before the new tax laws were enacted.The Governor also signed the resolution for the appointment of acommission to obtain an option onFederal Hill, in Nelson county,where Stephen C. Foster wrote "MyOld Kentucky Home."The Bryson bill to legislate boxing became a law without the signature of the Governor. The bill creates an athletic commission to regulate boxing.The Governor vetoed the bill of.Senator Perry to regulate concernsmaking a business of disposing ofbodies of dead animals, on theground that 'there is no necessity forthe law, many objections to the billand no corresponding benefits to bederived from it.The bill provides that the Stateveterinarian issue licenses to persons engaged in the business ofgathering up and rendering bodiesof dead animals.oSAVE MONEY AND GET, BEST, TOO.THEWe will save you 20 per cent, ifyou buy before April 1st, and willguarantee that you will get bettergoods than can be bought elsewhere. Rugs, wall paper, refrigerators and all house furnishings foiSpring go in this sale. Better getyour refrigerators and wall paper,anyhow, RIGHT NOW.THE J. T. HINTON CO.(26-2t) -oCUT FLOWERS POR ALL OCCASIONS. Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions furnished onshort' notice."JO. VARDEN.oTHE MASSIE MEMORIAL CAMPAIGN. "Say, aren't we about being 'campaigned' to death?" said a Parisman, the other day, when the subject of the many drives and campaigns came up in discussion."Verily,"' replied another man,"we are in the midst of and entirelystirrounded by campaigns and drivesbut to my "mind none of them approaches in interest the Massie Memorial Hospital campaign. Forthat is a strictly local affair, andi ot in any way disparaging any ofthe other movements, we will naver- chance to know what is to bedone with the money we are askedto contribute. There is no chancefor it to get away from us, and I forone, am willing to ban;: my faith inthe generosity of Bourbon countypeople."The campaign is still on, as theamount needed has not yet beenraised. There is urgent need foithe money, as we have been told sooften, and it must be raised. It willnever be said that the people of thecounty, the fifth richest m the State,have set a seal of disapproval on soworthy an object. The solicitingcommittee is still in a receptivemood, and anyone desiring to makea contribution, however small, needfeel no hesitation whatever in sending it in. Now is the. time.TIME GETTING SHORT SALENEARLY OVER.Don't forget that our Big AnnualFebruary and March Sale will endApril 1st. If you haven't alreadydone so, you had better hurry if youwant the 20 per cent, reduction onall house furnishing goods in ourstore carpets, rugs, refrigerators,furniture, mattings, etc., at bargainprices for these few days left. Youwill like trading at our store.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(26-2t)oPOLICE -LOOKING POR MANFRIGHTENING WOMEN.Complaints have been made to theParis police department regardingne actions of an aged white man,who has been reported as annoyingL'ttle girls and nurses from therMassie Memorial HosDital. whilethey were crossing the footbridgeunder the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad.One little girl was so . badlyfiightened by the man's actions thatshe came to her home on Mt. Airyavenue almost in nysterics. Othershave reported similar experiences.The police are making an sffort toepprehend the man, having beengiven a good description of him.oiPICTUREPROGRAM ATAND "ALAMO.GRAIjpTo-day, March 30 Gladys Brockwell, in "The Devil's Riddle;"Ruth Roland, in "The Adventuiesof Ruth;" Prizma Colorpicturc,"Tha Eden of the Pacific."To-morrow, Wednesday, March31 -.Marguerite Clerk, in "Luck InjPawn;" Paramount Comedy,, "TlisJXnight of the Dub;" Topics of theDay.Thursday, April1 rEugenelo'3rien, in "His Wife's Money;"uraine .tteview aim vwi-a-vu lviovies.i Gregg's Orchestraplays .after-noon and nightvFIRE COMMITTEE TO PUACHASEAUTO TRUCK.Mayor E. B. January, and thecommittee, Councilmen Doyle, Burkeand Spears, appointed at a recentmeeting of the Council Jo considerthe purchase of a new fire-fightingapparatus for the Paris fire department, will leave to-morrow - orThursday on an inspection tour ofthe different plants.On their trip they will visit St.Louis, Cincinnati, Indianapolis andother cities7 where they will inspectthe workings of different autotrucks, which they have under consideration, and will be guests of thecity and representatives of themanufacturers at each place. It istheir intention to purchase an autotruck, 'with pumping attachmenthaving a capacity of 750 gallons aminute. This is something that hasbeen badly needed here for a longrime. While the Paris departmentis fairly well-equipped, it would behandicapped in case of a big fire, asthe present apparatus would ' notfurnish pressure or capacity enoughto cope with a serious conflagration.The committee will make the tripdetermined to select the best andmost approved twpe of machine, onelhat will do all claimed for it, andwhich will nake Paris a safe placein case of fire, or at least, greatlyincrease the efficiency of the localdepartment.oTHEMARNE MEMORIALPAIGN.CAM-The campaign in -this city andcounty for the Marne MemorialFund the object and aims of whichhave been set forth in the local papeis at different dates, is progressing nicely, with, contributions coming in from all sources. It is freelypredicted that there will be no dimculty in raising the county's quotaThere are, however, a large numberof people in the city and county whoare able and doubtless desire tocontribute to the fund, but have notyet done so. It is the earnest desireof those having the campaign incharge to have all contributionssent in at the earliest possible moment. "We have received many interesting letters with the contributions," said one of the committeeyesterday. "These show the appreciation on the part of our people ofthe heroic people of France andtheir traditional friendship forAmerica, which has successfullywithstood the wear and tear of warand ciicumstances through 'all 'theyears. The response to the compaign has so far been very- generous,and yet we know there are dozensof people, men and women, wha willlike to make, a small contribution tothe campaign. We are ready at alltimes to accommodate all who desiie to contribute." "TIME GETTING SHORT SALENEARLY OVER.oDon't forget that our Big AnnualFebruary and March Sale will end4pril 1st. If you haven't alreadydone so, you had better hurry if yo 1want the 20 per cent, reduction onall house-furnishing goods in ourstore carpets, rugs, refrigerators,furniture, mattings, etc., at bargainprices for these few days left. Youwill like trading at our store.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(26-2t)oSEED CORN. xWe have for sale Reid's Yellow Dent- and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in ' Illinois' bythe largest growers in the country who specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(16mar-tf)KNIGHTS TEMPLAR ELECT NEWOFFICERS.The following officer were elected at a recent jneeting of Couer deLeon Commandery, No. 2,6, KnightsTemplar, of Paris, to serve for theensuing term:Emenent Commander Wm. CarlSnapp. ' xGeneralissimo M. Peale Collier.Captain-General Robt. E. Lusk.Prelate Chas. A- McMillan.Recorder M. H. H. Davis.Treasurer Clarence K. Thomas.Senior Warden Oscar T. Hinton.Junior Waiden Harry B. Fithian. Standard Bearer Shirley Dalzell.Sword Bearer George Bedford.Warden John Mastin.Sentinel Sam Marstin.oBOURBON HORSES ENTERED INFAMOUS RACE.Prospects for the greatest Kenlucky Oaks of all time grow brighteras the training spason advances andthe eligibles begin to show theirworth as three-year-olds.' It is doubtful if any Oaks has1 ad fo many stars on its list of polential starters as tie 1920 event.4mong the sixty-five three-year-oldfillies enteied in the great event arcthe following from Bourbon county:Martin Doyle's b f Miss Nell by DickFinnell Miss Thompson; Frakes &Williams' b f Mazola, by McGheeBonnie Doon;. John T. Ireland's brf Clearing up, by Rochester Sea,?Mist; S. K. Nichols' Clintonyille, byi ransvaai mam lviuixane; J. iaii Woodford's ch f Mamie KelleybyMartha Santa Rose of. Pink.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Paris Realty Co., EdStump sold Friday to Wm. R. Taylor, his residence on Fifteenth streetfor a .price not given out for publication. Ralph Menifee purchased of JohnC. Hays a cottage on Virginia avenue for $1,650, and two vacant lotsadjoining, belonging to Mrs. JamesH. Moreland, for $400:Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Jolinsonwill erect a modern home on thelot on Mt. Airy avenue recentlypurchased from GeortrP w sn.arExcavation for the foundation., hoi igan last week.. .u.... i. .Through the Harris, Speakes &Harris real estate agency, Harry D.Campbell sold his home on Henderson street to John C. Bedford, for$3,500. The purchaser will getpossession in a few days.M. B. Fraley, who recently purchased a lot in the Fairview ParkAddition to North Middletown. isplanning to build a handsome home Ion the lot. J. N. Crockett will buildan eight-room residence on his lotin the "same addition this spring.'Harry L Mitchell & Son, real estate agents, sold for M. J. Lavin ahouse and lot located on Vinestreet, to James Mernaugh, for ?3,250 They also sold for Mr. Lavinfi house on Eighth street, to Geo.Christopher, colored, for $1,500.Thii; makes eleven pieces of cityproperty sold by this firm, newcomers in the real estate field, thismonth.Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson purchased privately of B. M. Renick,Saturdaythe two-story frame residence on Duncan avenue, known asthe A. P. Allis home, at a privateprice. The home is at present under lease to Geo. W. Preston. Assoon as possession is given the newowners will raze the building andtrect on its site a modern up-to-datebungalow.The handsome brick lesidence atthe corner of Main and Eleventhstreet, belonging to Mrs. Ed. C. Keller, of Lexington, formerly of Paris,was sold at ptiblic auction Saturdayby Auctioneer M. F. Kenney for thellany L. Mitchell & Son real estateagency. Jame3 McClure, of theFii4t National Bank, was the purcilVoer, at $10,100. The home isone of the most desirable ones inParis, being well located and wellimproved. The sale was advertisedin THE NEWS.oTHEAMERICAN"DRIVE"LEGIONMembeiship in the PatrioticLeague of Kentucky, an organizationback of the American Legion,which stands for one hundred percent. Americanism, will be giverevery Paris and Bourbon countyman who subscribes to the American legion drive, which began yesterday and will continue throughthe week. The campaign is beingconducted under the supervision ofChairman A. B. Hancock, which isa guarantee that everything will bedone in right time and in the rightway.This campaign is carried on toraise a fund for furthering the interest of the American Legion in theState. Former service men will notbe asked to subscribe or to solicitsubscriptions. A quota of $1,000has been assigned to Bourbon county, and Chairman Hancock statedthat he anticipated no difficulty ingetting this amount. Solicitors willmake it a point to see everyone, sothat -none need feel slighted. Thegeneral aims and objects of thecampaign have been published inthe local press often, and will needi-o outlining.: o -VISIT "BILLIE" DALE'S POPULARRESTAURANT.The best service, the best prepared food the best restaurant intown, in fact is making Dale'sRestaurant the mecca for the hungry. Short orders served on shortnotice. We cater to a discriminat-'ing trade, assuring our patrons ofsatisfaction in every respect. Wewant our country friends to patronize us. When you come to Dale'syou come to the home of ajl thingsgood to eat.(19-4t) DALE'S RESTAURANT.o . 'A FEW DAYS MOREOnly a few days more to take advantage of the wonderful bargainswe are offering in our March sale.Twenty per cent, off regular pricesif you call before April 1st. .THE J. T. HINTON CO.ROYS' ROB TILL.Two small boys, hardly in their"teens" were arrested Friday -byChief of Police Link and PatrolmanLusk, charged with robbing thecash drawer of the Western UnionTelegraph, office of about six dollars.They also took a kodak belonginglo Robert S. Porter, news correspondent The money and kodakwere recovered and restored to theirrespective owners On accout oftheir youth', the boys, who had beenacting as messengers in the office,weje nots prosecuted, but it is likelytney may oe sent, xo xne -tteiuiii1 School at Greendale.CTTY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSAt the recent meeting of thePans City Council, presided over bMayor E. Bf January, and only oneabsentee. Councilman Moreland, considerable business of interest to thepublic was transacted. After tnetransaction of routine business theCouncil took up consideration of theordinance providing for- the sale of?35,000 worth of school bonds, thbissuance of which was authorized bya special election held in December.The ordinance was adopted by afull vote. Chairman M. Peale Collier, of .the Board of Education, appeared Before the Council and dis-ssed the needs of the Board forensung term, of the progressl6 buildmS the additions totne wn"e and colored school and theecssity for an increase in teacherssalaries. He also submitted n. Rtnt.nient showing expenditures and receipts for the public schools fromJuly 1, 13l, to July 1, 1919. Acommittee composed of CouncilmenHugh Brent, Williams and Doylewas appointed to meet with theTVTnvnr nnrl V10 mowitim ? U,.School Board and consider what.CTJT FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCAshould be done to meet the demandsot t-he Boaid for financing: theschools.MayorJanuary informed thefniinnil fhof (: .4 so. , T-.Avenue were ready to pay their ! JO. VARDEN.street assessments as soon as the'r,.-,defective construction work was SAVE MONEY WHILE SAVING ISremedied. City Engineer Boerner j GOOD.was instructed to pay thirty-five i . . ,,'cents an hour for labor employed on l . nr bl Mrch sale will be overpublic work. j the lst of April, and then it will beBuilding permits were issued to J jt v2- P( ?nL r11 .?0 M;i'r S5 'gooTaht nbelt!r :;; ,Vrc"rA,L"..Save money, as all lines are,uou po,vvv, jj.. xj. lujicio, oiauic,Houston Avenue. X2Efl' "Rrown T,poYates, storeroom, Main street, be-!tween Nineteenth and Twentiethstreets, $1,000; Howard Stewart,'-cottage, Gano street, $500; J. J.McCai thy,street, $500outbuilding, CypressRepresentatives offive different!auto fire-fighting machines appeared ibefore Council and submitted esti- schoor speakers Friday night atmates and explained the merits of I Frankfort. Schools taking parttheir apparatus. The Council de- hvere Paris, Winchester, Mt. Sterdded to purchase a modern up-to- linS Frankfort, Lexington anddate auto Are fighter, with pumpingax i x . aaiuicnmeiiL, me pump u nave a ca-pacity of SO-horse power. The newmachine is expected to cost in theneighborhood of $12,000. "MayorJanuary and members of the firecommittee will visit the manufacturing plants and inspect the machines in actual operation beforedeciding which to purchase.Mr. A. Clemmins, of Louisville,representing the Kentucky Actuarial Bureau, appeared before theCouncil and made the statement,that since inspecting the city firedepartment, and the water works,and having been given the assurance that the city is to purchase znew fire fightinmachine, thereau will change Paris from an j?WE KNOW HOWFOR MASTERHave a Stein-Bloch Suit0. the casual observer clothes areoust clothes mostlthere is an important difference between the generalwear clothes and, Stein-BlochSmartClothes 'You can readily see the pattern andstyle in any suit. But the wearingquality the service ability ofclothes depend largely upon the unseen things the linings, the needlework, ihe tailoring. These unseenthings you take on faith.Yet not entirely on faith, because theStem-Bloch label, which stands forSixty-thYeeYears of Knowing How,is a.pledge of quality in itself. Andour label endorses i1You begin to fully appreciate SteinBloch Smart Clothes only after suchservice as would put ordinary clothesinto the discard. It is this inherentquality of continued smartnesssmartness as long as the woolens hold'together that makes Stein-Bloch the- choice of men who know.MITCHELL &" - i . ts jjPARIS GIRL IN "CEDBES,,COLLEGE PLAY.Rehearsals for "The Climber."four-act play by Clyde Fitch, to beproduced by the Strollers, dramaticorganization of the University- orKentucky, which is billed to appearat the Lexington Opera House tfeeevening of April 8, are virtually atan end and the production is readyfor the curtain.Miss Louise Connell, of Paris, rehearsing for the part of Clara Hunter, the spoiled selfish daughter orthe widow, despite an automobileaccident last week, expects to appear in the production April 8. MissConnell was injured severely andgiven a painful nervous shock whenthe taxi cab in which she was riding was struck by a passenger trainat the Limestone street crossing.Miss Connell, winner of theStroller Amateur Night contest lastfall, is showing up splendidly as tne tspoiled selfish daughter. Despiteher nervous shock - she expects totake her part in the play.o tSIONS.Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions furnished on!uluu HUUte.ad-vancing in prices.THE J. T.(26-2t)o-HINTON CO.PARIS COLORED STUDENT WINSSECOND HONORS.Lexington won the Blue GrassOratorical contest of colored higfeI -DJuuimujia. jonn dianora uampDeu,11 ennini c?fm)Ai r.-P fci-t1T rtAliAMlaa senior student of Russell schools,was awarded- the Rooerts medal asthe winner of the contest. TheJudges were, Superintendent Ireland, of the Frankfort Schools; onemember of the school board, and ajudge of the court. Julius Gardner,iepresenting the Western High.School, (colored; of "Paris, wasgiven second place.eighth to a seventh class city, whichwill have the effect of making a saving of eight per cent, in the amountof insurance paid by Paris propertyholders. After consideration of rBu-jfew mjnor matters the Council" ad-j0urned.all alike. Yetrun. of ready-to-i.XBLAKEMORE1-:k- s a:--. -a mu: .: jk.5c.T7fc'KyN3N-"97r!-Mimhiti:JfTAt, ? 'I":' ' - "ii'-, :U. - fc-Je I it" - ' J!' - m4T-jKd"JL --v-X,Ai-:. rjr. t3 -?MefiK.-Js7r -,AO" -r t-VK j!S. & J "Z "Vi l.'V 'T4-?.". V.;:t,.."ft:PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 39, 1J20.:-uJIttr.fMl BOURBON NEWSliteblislied 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationMdished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.OUE FOREIGN REPHESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inchaach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linelack issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherbatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied byie cash.NEWSPAPER PUBLISHER IS NOTA PROFITEER.In these days of profiteers andcharges of profiteering it is a pleasure and a bit of easy work for thepublisher of a newspaper to demonstrate that he is not a profiteer.The suit of clothes that you usedTi get for twenty dollars costs yousixty now; the sugar that wastwenty pounds for a dollar costsfrom fourteen to eighteen cents apound now. The newspaper costsyouwhat it did ten years ago twodollars a year. It isn't enough, butyou are getting a spuare deal fromthe publisher and a little bit more.Operation costs in newspaperplants have advanced prettjr rapidlytoo. The item of paper alone has advanced tremendously. News printwas three cents a pound a few yearsback. It is now ten and a quarterand scarce at that. Finer grades ofTaper have advanced proportionately. Every other item of operationexpense has increased. And still the:paper costs you but two dollars ayear.Your printer is not a profiteer.He will prove it to you at any time.He fulfills a want in the community-and Is entitled to a fair profit on hisinvestment and work. Don't kick ifyour letter-heads and bills cost youmore than they cost youi father. Itcosts the printer more to print them.SPRINGSHOWING'Ladies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyAetnaAvtoCombination Policiesr, Protect AgainstFireir Theftl ColtisionProperty Damagei Liability"V ? And Otheri , j Casualties$?A. -.J, FEEHAS WINTER1Sickness That Lingers, or Strain ofCaring for Others, Makes SpringDays DangerousGET BACK YOUR STRENGTHRed Blood Means Old-Time Vigor,and Pepto-Mangan BuildsRich Red Blood.Perhaps you've been ill this winter or other, in the family have,and you've worn yourself out withextra burdens. And now yourstrength is slow to return.Week after week you've felt tootired for anything, and have looked it, too color bad, eyes dull andno enthusiasm.When you don't feel well you arenot well. Probably what you needright now is the good blood tonic,Pepto-Mangan. Physicians everywhere recommend Pepto-Mangan forrun-down, anemic people. Ask yourdoctor about it. Pepto-Mangan supplies the things that blood-starvedpeople lack. It puts iron and vigorin the blood. It paints the cheeksin Nature's way, and restores thehearty appetite.The blood is naturally sluggish inthe Spring and the whole familywould profit by taking Pepto-Mangan,which tones up and builds up.It is pleasant-tasting and soonmakes you feel better. Your owndruggist has it ready for your call,and in both liquid and tablet form,just as you piefer.But to be certain that you get thegenuine Pepto-Mangan, ask for it bythe full name, "Gude's Pepto-Mangan."L'ook for the name "Gude's"on the package. (adv)D0NT GO TOBACCO CRAZY .Tobacco prices keep on reachingnew heights and breaking record.The farmer who raised a good cropof tobacco last year certainly mademoney, whatever may have been thelot of the farmer who grew grain orfed live stock.But because this is true, let usnot lose our sense of proportion orforget the fundamentals of goodfarming. The demand for tobacco islikely to remain good for a year ortwo; but a large increase in the supply is to be looked for. Many farmers who have been growing tobaccoare planning to increase their acreage, and the crop is being plantedby many farmers who have not beengrowing it. There is danger herea big crop might easily send theprice down below the cost of production. The farmer who has found tobaccoa good money crop can saefly plantit again this year if he plants it asa money or surplus crop only. He istaking a dangerous risk if he plantsso much tobacco that he cannot raisethe wheat and corn, the hay andtruck, the hogs and cattle he needsfor his own use. The only safefarming is that which makes certainof the farmer's living first of all:and the farmer who expects to buyhis living out of the proceeds of atobacco crop is taking a gambler'schance. Tobacco in moredation is alllight; but this is no time to gotobacco crazy.oA TIMELY SUGGESTIONThe next time you have a coughor cold try Chamberlain's CoughReinedy. It is pleasant to take andyou are sure to be pleased with therelief which it affords. This remedy has a wide reputation for itscures of coughs and colds.There will be one loud, unitedcheer over the downfall of the sugarprofiteer.BRlGHTERIfeEVJvmNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useQlectricfttfor CtdbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Seating and CookinaIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity .and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InconmtedWORN YOUDIN--.vyL w mYecLIABLE TO INDICTMENT FORUNLICENSED DOGSAn active campaign to rid thecity and county of all unlicenseddogs will be undertaken by SheriffWill G. McClintock and deputies,following the adjournment of theBourbon Circuit Court. Dogs foundwithout their license tags will betaken in chaige and will be subjectto the enforcement of the law.Scores of dogs, have already bjnkilled by the officers, but hundredsyet remain. The records in theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton&how that the number of licensedtags applied for is several hundredshort of a year ago, while it irthought there are more dogs in thecounty now than ever before. Thefollowing letter has been sent toSheriffs of all the counties:"Dear Mr. Sheriff: I desire tocall your attention to the" duties imposed upon you in carrying out ofthe Dog Law, which law has beensustained by the Legislature, and isin full force and effect on our statute books."Every dog should be licensed,and when the owner fails to do so,he or she is a violator of the law,and is subject to the penalty thereunder. Under the law it becomesyour duty to seize and impound allunlicensed dogs or dogs running atlarge that are a menace to the livestock industry. If you could givepublicity to the fact that all unlicensed dogs are subject to beingkilled on sight, this would give theowners time to procure the licenseto protect their dogs."If they do not license their dog,indictments will certainly bebrought against ihem for violationof the law. and you are called uponto do your duty as prescribed by thelaw. Looking to you to do yourduty as prescribed by the law withjudgment and accuracy, I am,"Yours Verv Truly,"W. C. HANNA."Commissioner of Agriculture."Paris Readers Can No Longer Doubtthe EvidenceAgain and again we have read ofstrangers in distant towns whohave been cured by this or that medicine. But Paris' pertinent questionhas always been, "Has anyone heiein Paris .been cured?" The word ofa stranger living a hundred milesaway may be true, but it cannothave the same weight with us as theword of our own citizens, whom weknow and respect, and whose evidence we can so easily prove.Geo. McCandles, Second Street,Paris, says: "My kidneys were inactive and I had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put a stop to all thetroubles and they gave me completerelief."NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, Mr. McCandles said: "I haven't had anyneed of a kidney remedy since I lastendorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney reinedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the sameThat Mr. McCandles had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oHAZELW00D SANATORIUM NOWA STATE INSTITUTION.Hazelwood Sanatarium is now aState institution for tubercular patients, according to the bill passedby the General Assembly last week.The Sanatarium is one of three inKentucky, but it is the only onewhich has been receiving peoplefrom over the entire State, as theother two arc open only to countycases. The law provides that thecounty from which the patientcomes shall pay for his treatment ifhe is not able to do so.The Federal Government offeredto buy Hazelwood as a Sanatariumfor its ex-service men. . However, itwas thought better to keep it as aState institution for the need ofthose who could not receive treat-'ment under any other circumstances. Hazelwood was formerly mainJtained and financed by the Louisille Anti-Tuberculosis Association,which in turn is financed by theWelfare League. Since the Sanatarium has been taken over by theState, the Association is planning aprogressive educational program tobe carried out, first, through thecity and then through the State inregard to the white plague, which is! more prevalent in Kentucky than inany other State in the country.Archibald MacDonald, of Seattle,has been secured a Executive Secretary and the program' will befinanced by the funds which arenow at hand and which have, usually been spent on Hazlewood.oA few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" brings relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach."Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the acidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souringand fermentation which causes theflatulence, fullness, or pain in stomach and intestines."Pape's Diapepsin" helps regulate disordered stomachs so favoriteioods can be eaten without causingdistress. Costs so little at -drugstores. (adv)oEconomy is also the 'road to lowerprices. , - . .DUESTIONGLEAREDUPWhen vou etDOESN'T AVETO LIE DOWNTHRU SAT NOWThis Woman Can Keep GoingBay Since Taking VolaTonic. AllMrs. Lou Anderson, 119 WestFourteenth street, Cincinnati, O., isstronger and better since taking Vb-la-Tonic,"Builder of Strength," anddoesn't nave to lie down and restduring the day now.-"I was weakened and run down,"Mrs. Anderson said. "Lots of timesI was to weakened and tired outduring the day that I had to stopmy housework and go lie down andlest."My appetite was poor and mystomach was out of order. It didn'tmake any difference how good ameal I cooked I didn't care for it.The little food I did eat didn't agreewith me. Gas always formed on mystomach after meals and caused apressing against my chest and pains.I belched a great deal after mealsrlso. I was badly troubled withconstipation, too."Within two days after I startedtaking Vola-Tonic, I felt better andstronger. My appetite returnedand I found that I could eat without distress afterward. Gas didn'tform on my stomach after eating asbefore and the pressing against nrychest and pains disappeared. Theconstipation left me very quicklyalso."I kept on taking Vola-Tonic andnow I am much improved. I'mmuch stronger and don't have tostop my housework and go lie downand rest during the day now."I can eat about anything I cook,too, and I enjoy my meals. EvenHie smell of food s different. Everything seems appetizing."Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"has helped thousands of weakened,run down men and women back tostrength and health and it will dcfor you what it has done for others.Get Vola-Tonic TO-DAY!Vola-Tonic is being specially introduced in Paris at Varden &Son's. (adv)o .WOMEN'S CAMPAIGN AGAINSTHIGH COST OF LIVING.Mrs. Burt L. Sims, of Lexington,has been made acting chairman ofThe Seventh Congressional Districtfor the campaign being waged jagainst the high cost of living inthis State by the Department of Juseice. This includes Paris andBourbon count.The appointment .was made byMrs. A. H. Morshead, formerly ofParis, State Chairman, because ofthe Indefinite absence from theState of Mrs. Thomas H. Shelby, ofFayette county, who was- districtchairman under the Kentucky FairPrice Commission before the Women's Division of the Department ofJustice was organized.The organization of the districtis being rapidly completed, and Mrs.Sims will announce her county andcity chairmen and committees thisweek. The Sevc-nth District is thefirst in the S'-Ue to be organized,and the corral rrps of workersis expected to be rt ady for the intial campaign "c economic marketing and p'o' -pt'on of meats,groceries anrl ofhc necessities toeliminate wn. t nvl extravagance,which will hi'" in p"il 5.Mis. Sims iris v .long record ofpatriotic siivie arri efficient clubwork which In"', in her nativecity of Cartersville Ga. 'She was county chairman of thewomen of Scott county for the Victory Loan, and her workers sold themajority of the bonds, as the campaign came at a time when themen were very busy. She was anactive worker In all the Libertyl .nans was urired to become a field iteacher of surgical dressing for theRed Cross, after receiving a certificate for her work, and is eligible forthe Red Cross badge for war service. Mrs. Sims is president of theGeorgetown Woman's Club, as themembers refused to accept her resignation when she moved to Lexington, and takes an active part inal civil movements in the Scottcounty seat.o, Famous American Patriot.In 1832, on the 14th of November,Charles Carroll, the lo-st survivingsigner of the Declaration of Independence, died at the age of ninety-six.He studied law in France and Englandand returned "to America at the ageof twenty-seven, wnere he soon became known a an able politicalwriter and a strong advocate of liberty. Twenty-two years before hisdeath he retirod to private life.ioBusiness of Crltlcl&m.Its business is simply to know thebest that is known and thought in theworld, and, by in its turn making thisknown, to create a current of trueind fresh ideas. Its business is todo this with inflexible honesty, withdue ability; but its business is to dono more, and to leave alone all questions of practical consequences andapplications questions which willnever fall to have due prominencegiven to them. Matthew Arnold.oPrecept nnd PripticMany a man Alio talks, about getting a broad, clear vieV of the beautiful world spends moM ol ids days sitring behind an unwashed window.WnsliingUii,-StaifCHANGES OF ADDRESSSince the first of this monthmany of our subscribers have movedfrom one section of the county to another, and from this county to othercounties. Some of them have taken,the trouble to give us their new locations, while others have not.The rural mail carriers and thepostoflBce department have verykindly notified us in many Instancesof addresses. We ask that all subscribers changing their place oflesidence notify us promptly, as wemay keep the mailing list and ourrecords straight and that the papermay not be taken, out by some onenot entitled to it.When a subscriber fails to notifyus of a change of address and fail&to receive the paper regularly, it ishis or her fault, and not ours. Notify us promptly, and we will gladlymake the necessary change.WantedExeprienced engineer byTHE PARIS WATER CO.(23-if)For SaleDrop Top Typewriter Desk; Oliver Typewriter No. 5; one StandingOffice Desk; all good as new.(23-3t) JO VARDEN.For SaleOne corn mill, complete; 12-hcrj,o-powerFairbanks fc Morris engine;will sell cheap.GEO. W. JOHNSON,L'ock Box 233, Millersburg. Ky(?3-2t)For Sale PrivatelyThe Windsor Hotel property irParis, extending from Main ttPleasant street. Apply toH. L. MITCHELL & SON,809 Pleasant St.,(26-tf) Paris, Ky.Lost Dog Reward.Large white and black spottedhound dog. Had 1920 tag withname and address of owner on same.Liberal regard for return to owner,J. HAL WOODFORD,(23-3t) Paris, Ky.i BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone Nq. 4Paris,H V "GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 237; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyWantedWanted to buy or sell all kinds ofsecond-hand furniture, stoves, carpets, rugs, etc. Also have nice linof new furniture and floor coverings for sale. Call and see me be-ujit: yuu uuy ana i will savemoney.youJ. ELVOVE,Home Phone 360 615 Main, St(26-3t)For SaleTwo cottages of four rooms each.Apply toMRS. A. L. BURLEY,Home Phone 410 329 Eighth St(26-2t)WantedRailway Mail Clerks, $110 permonth. Experience unnecessary.Young men, 17 upward, desiringclerkships, write for free particulars. J. LEONARD,(Former Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washv ington, D. C.Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Aj'ax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Eun Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, Prom Paris to Millers-Imrg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40' a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel . . . -12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...1'2.:25 p.m.ArriTe Millersburg 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR HO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 pjixArrive Millersburg 12:45 p.n.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p-.nuArrive Windsor Hotel . . 2:25 p.m.Both, Phones 204.iLaundry;1West Fifh StreetSATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORDlWith all the-latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we- areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.XKentucky J!3iS;KIXi..-." V. )Vit, V .;- ri?tvv, t , !2l. ' v Vt J it 2- V---'V.V?TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGSTnUuMn, s":s i-.-vir-- . fs-w?When the body bogles to stiffenand iccrffeipeiit becomes poinfol it.h usually &n inaicstilon that tliedidnt-ya are out vf order. Keeplicse. argetfia ke;lJry bv takingGQiJ? MEDALKmri. ... .in s. -UiiikITJidJ rTas world's S'xti:ia.cJ reriieJj fcr kidney,iivar, btaddus1 and uri ac:d troubles.Famous since I63C. T.4L-e regularly andpeep r: ;;cc I'slth. m tiree sL:ec, allirgp.itj. tujiVi tr:;d -3 represented..lL: -" tlrs iwr. Cw-fd J.etlat os uvcry boxPOKMER PARIS STAR TO LEADLEXINGTON.CONFEDERATE HOME DESTROYED BY EIRELOUISVILLE, KY., March 29.Fire Thursday night destroyed twomain buildings of the ConfederateVeterans' Home at Pewee Valley, 20miles east of Louisville. The principal building, a huge three-storystructure, and the hospital buildingwere destroyed.One hundred and twenty inmatesof the Home, who were in the building at the time the fire started, escaped. Forty inmates of the hospital alsowere removed to safety.The fire spread to the residence of,G. T. Blackley, which also was destroyed. Swept by a high wind the firespread rapidly among the framestructures, and intense excitementprevailed.Residents and farmers for milesaround went in haste to. the scene togive aid, and fire apparatus fromLouisville quickly was despatched. Anumber of the aged men at the Homewere terrorized by the fire, and weresheltered and cared for at residencesin the neighborhood.The fire started at the dinner.hour. A1 number of the more robustBasil Hayden, son of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Hayden, of Paris, andgraduate of the Paris High School, -veterans hasf.ATipH n aiA haw ;will be captain of the University of comrades. The Home was coveredKentucky basketball learn for 1921. by insurance.Hayden. who was 1920 forward on I othe University team, was elected State of Ohio, City of Toledo,last week at a meeting of the five i Lucas County, ss.men of the 1920 squad awarded the 1 Frank J. Cheney makes oath thatcoveted "K." Lavin, formerly of lie is senior partner of the firm of F.Paris, -will also be on the team. i J- Cheney & Co., doing business inIt was announced early in the l1 CitY of Toled( County and Stateseason that Harden would make an j ""resaiaf ana uiat said hrm willor UiNHJ liUiNDKIlJDeach and every caseeffort to comnlet.e his rmirsp. in in-!Pa tliesumDOLLARS fordlistri.il cherrrisfrv nt tlio TTnirerciitvin June, but his election to the cap- ,f Catarrh that cannot be cured bytaincy of the University basketball . I?"? of HALL'S pATARRHteam makes it seem probable that iU,CjWlv'11NJJi- -hewill be at the University for an- FRANK J. CHENEYother year. Sworn to before me and subscrib-Haydcn stayted with the Paris' d in m Presence, this 6th day ofHisrh School team anrl war with the I December, A. D., 1886.Transylvania Crimsons a year beforejoining the Wildcats. He was thehigh score man for the Kentuckyquintet during the 1920 season. Heis extremely popular, both in college and social circles. His manyfriends here predict a great careerfor him in the future.o- BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)Sir Thomas Lipton is to the frontagain arranging for a good livelyargument with no politics in it.A. W. GLEASON. '(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv)oSCIENTISTS EXPLAIN CAUSE OPNORTHERN LIGHTSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The aurora borealis, so plainlyvisible in the northern sky lastMonday night, was due to a tremendous magnetic disturbance ofthe sun, Professor Henry C. Lord,head of the Department of Astronomy at Ohio State University declared. He said a look at the sunthrough the University telescope revealed a chain of spots about 230,000 miles long, resulting from themagnetic disturbance.EE'IThe Housewife Longs ForI Electric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseIJgggrglgglAlHiaHMMHJMMWElectric Irons, Chafine;Dishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHEREGIRLS! DRAW AMOIST CLOTHTHROUGH HAIRT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEfjtftrtijmmiiLi&.ir.i?,ivisF3?iID&8rimU R every professional act isperformed in a satis-factory manner.Our experiencedmethods and the justness of our businessconduct are abovecriticism.tflKMMlMUwkdtuimwMrs. Annie Riggle has returnedfrom a visit to her son, Claude Riggle, in Falmouth.Alex Keller, of Paris, was aguest of friends in Winchester several days the past week.Wm. H. Taylor 'has returnedto his home in Falmouth after a visitto his brother, J. E. Taylor, in EastParis.Mrs. Daniel Kimbrough, ofCynthiana, was a guest several daysthe past week of friends in this cityand county.Mrs. May Stoner Clay, of Lansing, Mich., is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, and Mr.Roseberry, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Dennisonand Miss Mayme Collins, of Paris,attended the Dunn-Morgan weddingin Winchester last week.-Several from Bourbon countyattended the meeting in Cynthiana,Saturday, of the Ninth District Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs.-Wm. 0. Hinton and Mr. andMrs. Taylor Chandler attended thefuneral and burial of Orley T.Chandler, at Harrodsburg, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howardhave returned from Knoxville,Tenn., where the former bad beercalled on an urgent business mission. Miss Maude Taylor has returned to her duties as teacher in theFalmouth High School, after a visitto her father, J. E. Taylor, and family, in East Paris.Mr. and Mrs. G. O. Newman, ofDallas, Texas, are in the city for afew days. Mr. Newman is salebmanager for the Bishop Land Company, of Texas, and is hereion business connected with his company.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Redmonand Mr and Mrs. J. C. Collier, ofthe North Middletown vicinity, willspend a few weeks in St. Petersburg,Florida, before going to Cuba for aisitMrs. Harry Simon, formerly ofavis, who underwent a serious operation at the Jewish Hospital, inCincinnati, about six weeks ago,has returned to her home in Lexington, greatly improved in health.Mrs. W. T. Bedford has returned to her home in Lexington after avisit to her mother, Mrs. RebeccaCollier, and her sister, Mrs. Will1 G.McCHntock. Mrs. Collier is convalescent after a recent severe illness."Governor" Jos. E. Hedges anaNat Rogers, Confederate veterans,have returned from Pewee Valley, toremain with relatives. They werein the Confederate Home at PewteValley, vhich was recently destroyed by fire.Mrs. A. H. Moorehead, of Lexington, was a guest of friends inParis, Friday. Mrs. Morehead wasen route to Cynthiana to attend thecnnual meeting of the Ninth Disrrint Kentucky .Federation of Women's Clubs.Mrs. Ora H. Collier, who hatbeen quite ill at the Massie Memclial Hospital, in this city, for sometime, is somewhat improved. Hersister, Miss Mayme Dee Long, ofH J Sweetbrier, Virginia, has been withl ' Ler several days.Miss Louise Connell, who -wasinjured recently in a taxicab accident in Lexington, while on her wayto attend a dance at the PhoenixHotel, has been removed from theiGood Samaritan Hospital, in thatcity, to the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. John J. Connell, on Higgins avenue. Miss Connell is improving rapidly and will soon beable to return to her school dutiesat the University of Kentucky.(Other Personals on Page 5.)oIT PAYS TO TRADE WITH HOMEMERCHANTSIt pays to trade at home. Weare so accustomed to reading tnatotfltompnt thnt it makes little impression, but is still true as ever.Foreign concerns selling directly tolocal customers take just that muchaway from the wealth of the community never to return it. If thesame thing costs a little more to buyfrom the local merchant, which itrarely does, you are still making agood trade to buy trom him, ior memoney stays at home and eventuallysome of it returns to you in yourbusiness. There are many things ofcourse, which are not enough mdemand to justify the home merchant in carrying them and thesecan be bought elsewhere with no disadvantage to anyone. But it takesa spirit of each for all to make acommunity prosperous in a businessway, and buying your goods awayfrom home is not in accord withthat spirit.o -Scored a Success.My four-year-old nephew was perfectly delighted with hi grandfather's car and always cranked all histoys, and even himself when sent onerrands. He is particularly interested in anything mechanical and nevermisses any such conversation. Oneday he cranked the cat's tail, and wasdelighted when it turned and spat athim, for, he said, "There, I got anexplosion that time." Chicago American.oKept Ignominy in Memory.On the 5th of November, m 1500,Christopher Columbus, in spite of theincalculable services he had rendered to Spain, was taken into CadizIn fetters. King Ferdinand and QueenIsabella were moved at the sight andcommanded that he be released. Columbus, however, was unable to forgive the insult, and until the time ofhis death the ignominious fetters werehung in full sight ou his walls as areminder of the ingratitude of his sovereigns. o .At any rate, we have found out alot of things-not to do in the nextwar. 'Let "Danderine" save youx;hair and douEleits beautyOh, girls, such an abundance ofthick, heavy, invigorated hair; aperfect mass of wavy, silky hair,gloriously fluny, bright and so easyto manage.Just moisten a cloth with a little"Danderine" and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time; this magically removes all dirt, excess oil and grease,but your hair is not left brittle,dry, stringy or faded, but charmingly soft, with glossjr. goldengleams and tender lights. Theyouthful glints, tints and color arepgain in your hair."Danderine" is a tonic-beau tifyer. Besides doubling the beauty ofthe hair at once, it checks dandruffand stops falling hair. Get delightful Danderine for a few cents at anydrug or toilet counter and usa it asa dressing and inviqorator a toldun bottle. (adv)TCUJTJCLL"U 13MRS. ELL8S5I... Wwwm WmM ar BNHiiwaCorrect EasterAttireTo appreciate how well we are prepared to providefor your Easter wardrobe it will be necessary to viewour displays and give them a leisurely inspection. Youcannot ask us for some particular garment, suit, coat.waist, dress or skirt, in some particular style and material but that we can present you with, at a very attractive price a price which will be unusually low for agarment of such exceptional high quality. Our stylesare indidual; no other store can show anything like them;so if you make your selection here you can feel absolutelycertain that you will not see a garment exactly like yoursin every way on those you meet along the street on Easter Sunday.fOR THIS WEEKo25c Salmon. 20c30c Salmon 25c40c Salmon 35c25c Tomatoes 20cGood Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beanslarge size 15cLook for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.Three deliveries each day.Both phones.oMrs. Ellis' CashGrocery' Opposite Court HouseParis, Ky.KIDDIE CLOTHESWhen mothers desire garments for the little ones ofa quality much better than they can purchase elsewherethey turn their steps in this direction.Here they knew they are always sure to find justwhat they desire, and at a price thoroughly in harmonywith the amount they intended to lay out, As evidenceof this we cite these telling examples:Gingham DressesSizes 2 to 6 years, solid lavender, pink or bluegingham: cute little short waisted models, finished with white collars, at $2.75 eachSizes 6 to 14 years, fancy check ginghams inpink and white and blue and white effects, finished with red collars $6.50 eachThe New Mary Mix-Up DressesSizes 6 to 10 years, in solid brown, pink and bluechambray, splendid values at $10.00 each- Anderson Plaid GinghamsFlapper models, sizes 14, 15, 16 and 17 years.Especially made for the growing miss.. A myriad of pretty styles in every conceivable colorand combination, short and long sleeves,at $9.00, $12.50, $15.00 and 21.50 -WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.ggg;ggijg"g?5-g-MHWlA Word to the Tobacco Grower !Sow Fertilizer on Your Plant BedsSpecial Analysis, as Good as the BEST. Price $3.25 for125 pounds.COLLIER BROS.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseinmiiLy.,-,,,--Cumberland Phona 997.Home Phone 257ifggiBTHE NORTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56' AUTO -TRACK WAGONJWhy Should You Own aV3BHiysinbJit jm AjI i i jhp I;Standardized Weber Wagon?Sold in the Southland since 1845Because:It will last longer than the old-style 60-inch wagon;It will run more smoothly than the old-style wide-track wagen;It will help maintain the uniform 56-inch ruts made by the automobile;It will save automobile tires, and reduce repair bills on both wagon and auto;It allows the wheels to follow road conditions without any twisting strains;It has the best constructed front gear ever put on a wagon;It will identify you as a progressive farmer;The 60-inch wagon has been out of date since all motor vehicles were made only in56-inch track;And most important of all you get more real value for your money when youbuy a fifth-wheel, swivel-reach-coupling standardized, auto-track Weber wagon than mthe purchase of any other wagon' on the marketThe next time you happen to be in town drop in and let's 'have a little wagonargument.THE C S. BALL GARAGECorner Fourth and Pleasant Sts.THE SOUTHERN. STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 5T AUTO-TRACK; WAGON". ruX -N .rv!N. iSif;MV&Jn? -.f- ,' -vT-.r3--M,&'-,,7 . "?. ,.V . --" (J19-fiT-. -c-T-r v. x,- r, ... ... 1. .i '-vf ' '-Wvr- V v$T ' a l vT? "k ,5" V"NJ ,H f. . IM" I' ' ,fPAGBMUBv- THE POURBON NEWg, ,)PARIS,. MiTUCYTUESDAY, .MARCH 30, 1921.- " 'VVJ '"' vLost' -vu.0i?On Friday, March. 26, betweenSouth Vine street and West Eighthstreet, a gold lavaliere set, withamethyst snake head attached, witheyes of ruby. Finder will leave atthis office and receive reward.(It)V -! -MATRIMONIAL. RELIGIOUS.-i iHorses WantedI will be in Paris on next Monday April 5, (Court Day) to buy ajaiload of general purpose horses,from four to eight years old.A. N. RANKIN,(30-2t) Carlisle, Ky.For Sale Privately.Double brick business house onEafet side of Main street, betweenFifth and Sixth streets. Apply toIf. I.. MITCHELL & SON,(2t) Real Estate Dealers.FOOKS BRADLEY.:iiss May Fooks and Mr. OtisBradley, both of Bourbon county,were married at the LelandHotel, in Lexington, Saturday afternoon at two o'clock. The ceremony was performed by Rev. I. J.Spencer, in the presence of Louis M.Ginochio and Allen J. Monylian,irt amod oc witnpRsps for the event.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. William Fooks, of- ttebertsoncounty, and the groom is a son otrfr. and Mrs, Jeff Bradley. Theyoung couple will reside on a farmnear Hutchison, after their returnfrom a short bridal trip. They secured license from the Clerk of theHarrison County Court at Cynthi-ana.DON A NEW HAT EASTER-Spring styles just unpacked fromStetson.J. W. DAVIS & CO.LostTIME GETTING SHORTNEARLY OVERSALEBlack fox fur neck piece, betweenresidence of Dr. J. T. Vansant andAgricultural Bank. Finder return1o undersigned and get reward.MISS KATE EDGAR,(It) Ninth and Pleasant Streets.Man WantedMan wanted lo help in wall paper department. Must be good,, reliable person. Excellent wages toright paity..THE FAIR.Opportunity Says toYouPut one of our Pianos, Player Pianos or Talking Machines in yourJiome a thing of beauty that willgive to you, to your family andfriends, a lifet" ; of the keenestj)leasuie. entei lainment and enjoyment. We al.c" do tuning and repairing of all kind.J. B. GEIS,,Cumb. Phone 5C.1. 908 High Sf.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(9-tf)Don't forget that oir Big AnnualFebruary and March Sale will endApril 1st. If you haven't alreadyJ done so, you had better hurry if yor.want the 20 per cent, reduction onall house-furnishing goods in ourttore caxpets. rugs, lefrigerators.furniture, mattings, etc., at bargain(prices for these few" days left. Youj will like trading at our store.I A. F. WHEELER & CO.(26-2t)Lost or Estrayed.From my home, No. 269 Lilieston avenue, Paris. "Ky., on Fridaynight, a sorrel Shetland pony,with long foretop. Finder will berewarded by returning to aboveaddress.(It) FRANK CROWDER.For-SaleAgents WantedMan wanted with team or autowho can give bond to sell 13 7 Watkins Home and Farm Products.Biggest concern of kind in world.,$1,500 to $5,000 yearly, income.This county open. Write to-day.J. R. WATKINS CO., -(It)Dept. 112,Winona, Minn.One Baldwin Upright Piano andone Cable Upright Piano. AddressH. C. McKIMGen. Delivery, Paris, Ky.J30-3t)Fur-Bearing AnimalsWantedWe buy, raise and sell fur-bearinglabbits and other fur-bearing animals. Place your order with us andlist whatever stock you have withus, stating lowest fiat price on largeshipments. Address 515-517 N. P.Ave., Targo, N. D. References,Scandinrvian-American Bank, FargoNational Bank, Fargo, North Dakota. (30mar-lmo)The congregation of the ParisPresbyterian church will not holo.their regular prayer-meeting service Wednesday night, but will meetwith the congregation of .the Metlxodist church in the revival servicebeing held there.Prof. Lee Kirpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,delivered a lecture Sunday morningat 9:45 o'clock to tie members ofthe Men's Bible Class of the ParisChristian church, of which he isteacher. Prof. Kirkpatrick spoke inan instructive and entertainingmanner on the subject of "A Man'sContribution to Christian History."The revival meeting in progress at the Pans Methodist churchcontinues with increased attendanceIand growing interest. At the Sunday night service there was hardlystanding room. Up to date thereI has been a total of thirty-nine additions. These will be received intoj the church next Sunday morning.T-he meeting will continue throughthe week, endine: next Sundav nisrht.While "over the top" may notbe exactly the phrase to use in achurch "campaign, it is the one mostfittingly to be used in connectionvith the Paris Presbyterian churchcampaign for its quota of $10,000for the Progressive Program of thechurch. In the canvass conductedSunday the members- of the churchsubscribed the sum of $14,000, exceeding their quota for the 1920budget by $2,000. The contributions of several members who hadnot been seen or solicited will bringthe sum to over $14,000. Thecampaign was carried over in oneJay instead of covering the fulllime of ten days as had been allottedto it. The campaign had for its object the raising of a laige sum forhome and foreign missions, and ailexpenses for one year. The officersof the church and the solicitingcommittees of the campaign wereguests of the ladies of the congiegation at a banquet Wednesday night,which certainly put them on edgefor the drie Sunday afternoon.The pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie, andall who had a part in the work feltgreatly enthused over the successfuloutcome of the cne-day's canvassand hearty congratulations wereexchanged.fJ y If i XSSuppose You WentTo ChinaOn a two years' trip and left your familywith only provisions enough for threemonths, what would they think of you?What would the world think of you?"CARELESS"Xey'd SayThere's another trip you're going totake some day and your family will needprovisions for more than three months''when you go.Life Insurance is the only sure wayto protect your family and the time toprovide is NOW!R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank Bide.PARIS, KY.Assets $440,861,775.75Annual Dividend to Policy Holders in 1920' $16,100,000.00Y. M. C. A. BOYS5 HEXATHLONCraig Tucker, in "the unlimitedweight class, was the high pointwinner in the' Boys' Hexathlon arihe Y. M. C. A. last week. Tuckersecured 420 points, winning thomedal given by the Bouibon CountyAssociation, and the InternationalAward given to boys securing 400points or over. The following arethe results:80-95 pounds Robert McCarthy,fust, 351 points; Ray Cahal, second,511 points; Eugene Conner, third,303 points.60-80 pounds Eugene Strother,first, 269 points; William O'Neill,second, 267 point; James Merringer, thiid, 232 points.95-110. pounds Charles Wttite,first, 24 9 points; John VanMeter,second, 23 4 points.110-125 pounds Noibert Friedman, first, S85 points; Robert Meglone, second, 230 points; HowardRoberts, third, 227 points.Unlimited Craig Tucker, first,420 points; Alonzc Jacoby, second,233 points; Willaid Tucker, third,301 points.Twenty-four boys competed, scoring a total of 4,287 .points. Thjboys in the 80-9.5 pounds class scored 3.047 points for the'Y," behvAthe highest ior any group.ATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ouri stocks of SWIFTS BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsf IVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your palch beforeit Is all gone.' CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)This Duofold Suite ProvidesAn Extra Bed for Emergencies$205i0ow $150.00By day it is a very attractive and comfortable living roomsuite. At night the duofold extends into a full size bed completewith springs and mattress.These three pieces are very substantially made and finelyfinished in either Brown Mahogany or Golden Oak. They areChase Leather.You will find this suite a very unusual value one that will bewell worth your immediate inspection.No. 0229-A-C Duofold Suite.A. f. WHEELER b CO.Third and MainCHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpposite Court HouseFIRE DEPARTMENT BUSY.Children playing with matchesI Woods, on Lillestion avenue. Satur-j day afternoon set fiie to the vehicle.; wnicn was destroyed. The tire department responded to an alarm,and by quick work saved the barnfrom burning.The department was called at6:30 Sunday night, to the dwellingon Pleasant stieet, owned by Mrs.J. M. Earlywine. Sparks, presumably from a passing L. & N. engine,yet Are to the roof, burning a smallpatch of shingles. ' The blaze wasquickly extinguished.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. tThomas, Woodford & BryanNEW AUTO OWNERS. V-- t'A. T. Moffat t, of Millersburg,- purc4iasrd last week ot the BluegrassAutpmobile Co., of Lexington,'--aPaige1 Six Sedan. The LexingtonMotor Sales Cof sold an Allen toiiriing car to J. G Yocum, of NortitMiddletown. tThe McDonald-Gibson Co.. ofPrist t-'old yesterday Ito Thonlas.j .Mitchell, cf A near c Paris, a SpecialGET THE RIGHT CLOTHESFOR YOUR EASTER WEARyClothes that reveal the spirit of Easter clothes that make you look and feelright are just the kind you will find "here. Our clothes will make you feel 100perfect because of the way they are styled and the way they fit.The style advantages of our clothes are exclusive. All ihis is splendidlycombined with GOOD FABRICS, GOOD TAILORING AND GOOD VALUES.The style artists have spent every effort in making our young men's clothesthe niftiest ever shown. Double and single breasted coats are shown in anabundance of colorings ane patterns. Every suit an exceptional value for themoney-$20.00 to $65.00For Easter Furnishings you can find anything you want here from "Hats'Down to Hosiery" in splendid assortments. . K ,THIS IS THE HOME OF KNOX AND C. & K. HATS$6.00 to $9.00VR P. WALSH7th and Main:One-Price StorevParis, Ky.mIt'kIkv- yr Jtr . -fX-S..t : ,'.cA-H kij.um.uan.ci luujuij-uvi -ms ' Ui w r r- "' rs- 7ijjsw -.'Wrt'TftlLh."VTSCTSVj - " r . J- 1 I'll v . rS V&r1.-4-5.ntyrirt,,-i,v.W'v;V '.it.- VTUESDAY, MARCH 30, 1920.THE BOURBON NJpnAm"rXEOT(: 4rwi.y.FAGKFIVIftV5V&V,fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEEASTER HXDfGS,You'll feel well dressed on Eastermorning if your outfit comes fromJ. W. DAVIS & CO.oKEW ORLEANS MOLASSES ATBARGAIN PSICES.We have an elegant lot of NewOrleans molasses that must he soldiuick. Only a little left that vrare going to Fell at $1.25 per gallon.C. P. COOK & CO.GARDEN SEED THAT WILLGROW.Let us fill your order for gardentweeds. We have a large and variedttock of tested seeds the kind thatliave a reputation for growing andbearing thrifty vegetables. Plentyof seed potatoes. The above eitherin bulk or package.(It) LOGAN HOWARD.EASTER SALE.Tho ladies of the Catholic Churchwill have a sale of edibles in theoffice of the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., on Main street, on Saturday,April 3. Every thing you need foryour Easter dinner. The ladies solicit your patronage, which will begreatly appreciated.oCUT FLOWERS POR ALL OCCASIONS. Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions furnished onshort notice.JO. VARDEN.oA FEW DAYS MOREvantage of the wondeilul bargainswe are offering in our March- sale.Twenty per cent, off regular priceyif vou call befoie April 1st.THE J. T. HINTON CO.(26-2t)oJOHNSON APPEAL TO BE HEARDAPRIL 30.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings Of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.'s- F. S. Elder has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. G. V. Elder, inRichmond.-Mr. and Mrs. John M. Sturgeonand children have gone to BowlingGreen to reside.Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co., made a business trip toCincinnati yesterday.Henry F. Hill, of Versailles,was a week-end guest of his son,Fred Hill, and family, in this city.A. S. Thompson left Sunday tora visit to his son, Geo. C. -Thompson,Jr., and Mrs. Thompson, at,Allensville, Alabama.Mrs. Carley Wilmoth was hostess Friday at her home on Duncanavenue to the members of her bridgeclub.Misses Owens have as guest attheir home an South Main street,their aunt, Mrs. F. R. Owens, ofManchester, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. James M. Caldwell returned Sunday night fromClearwater, Florida, where theys-pent part of the winter.Miss Elizabeth Tarr will bohostess at her home .near Paris tomorrow to the members of the Wednesday Afternoon Bridge Club.Mr. and Mrs. Lew Taylor returned Sunday night from Clearwater, Florida, where they have beenspending a part of the winter.Mrs. Logan Bryan has returnedto her home in North Middletownafter a visit to her parents, Dr. andMr?. A. B. Coons. ;n Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Willsand J. A. Wagoner left Sunday fora prospecting tour to a number ofpoints in Texas. They will be goneseveral weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Reuben FordOffutt. of Georgetown. sDent SundayJin Paris as guest of their daughtei., Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson,ond Mr. Ferguson.Only a few days more to take ad- 1 Postmaster and Mrs. J. Walterrayne nave moved to t-neir newhome, at No. 1125 Pleasant stree:.The home they have vacated will beoccupied by Mr. and 'Mrs. WalterMartin.Mr. and Mrs. 0. H. Wykoff. whohave been residents of Paris duringthe tobacco sales season, have goneto Rochester, Minn., ro reside. Mr.Wykoff ordered THE NEWS sent tohim at Rochester.Miss Mary Kenney Webber, ofParis, attended the dance given atSower Hall, in Frankfort, last week.Mr. and Mrs. John Sower, Mis. Guyarmy service, stationed at San. Francisco, with the rank of Major.Robert Lee Frank, of Frank &Co., is in Louisville, on a businessmission.This is "Holy Week," the closing of the Lenten season, and quietwill prevail in the social world.No social events or dances are on-he calendar for the week. Preparations a.re being made for Easter,which promises to be a glorious season this Spring.(Other Personals an Page 3.)The docket for the Spring teim oCthe Court of Appeals has been prepared by Clerk Roy Spech. TheCourt will convene April 12. Theappealed case of Oscar Johnson, under sentence of death from tnaBourbon Circuit Court, for murder,has been set for hearing on Friday,April 3C. Gov. Edwin P. Morrow, ofFrankfoit, and Attorney Oscar T.Hinton, of Paris, will representJohnpon.RECENT STOCK SALES.Representatives of the , CubanGovernment, who have been makingextensive purchases of livestock recentlv in the Bluegrass region,bought of Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., ofParis, the five-year-old saddle stallion, Chief King McDonald, by RedMcDonald, for a fancy price. Mr.Whaley also sold to a Virginia stockdealer one aged jack for S500, oneto Dr. Arnold for $500, a four-year-oldjack for $300 to John T. Hughes,of Fayette county, and eight headof business horses and mules toSouthern buyers for $100 to $340 ;head.e :SPRING SUGGESTIONS THINGSYOU MUST HAVEPoultry netting of the best quality in all widths, wire screen by theyard. Get out your old doors andwindows and save money by puttingin new screening. We also have abig variety of the celebrated Landreth's Garden Seeds the seedsthat grow and produce.LAVIN & CONNELL.(26-4t)GARDENSEED ANDPEED.CHICKENOnion sets, garden seeds of thebest brands, chicken feed that willmake the chicks thrive..C. P. COOK & CO.o 1FANCY FAT CATTLE FORTER MARKET.EAS-We have just bought twentyhead of fancy fat steers from J. G.Redmon, which we will kill for theEaster market. These are animalsof exceptionally fine quality andwill -make the most excellent cuts ofbeef. We will also have .plenty ofhome-killed Easter lambs. Get incarlv with your order.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-3t)oNEW GROCERY FIRM TWO POPULAR YOUNG MEN BUYSTORE.Briggs, Mrs. Bernard Graham andMrs. Thos. A. Hall were chaperones.G. W. Myatt, of the law Arm ofLogan & Myatt, of Louisville, washere Saturday, attending the sessionof the Bourbon Circuit Court. Mr.Myatt represented the city of Parisin the action at law against theParis Gas & Electric Co.Mrs. Lida Conway, who has justreturned from a visit to her brother,Harold Johnson, and Mrs. Johnson,in Columbus, Ohio, left Sunday forLos Molinos, California, to makeher home in the future with herson, Clarence Conway.Mr. W. J. Huffman, of Covington, formerly connected with theParis Gas and Electric Co., in thiscity, spent Sunday here as- a guestof his wife, and son, Clyde Huffman,end Mrs. Huffman. Mis. Huffmanwill lemain for a longer visit.Major and Durand Whipple andchildren who spent a portion of thewinter n Paris with Mrs. Whipple'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Emmett ILDickson, on Stoner Avenue, leftSaturday for their home in LittleRock, Ark., where Maj. Whipplewill lesume the practice of law.Charles H. Meng, of North Middletown, who spent the winter atFt.- Meyers, Florida, writes tofriends and relatives that he hasbeen having a good time, and thatthe weather tftere had grown verywarm, but was preferable to thekind he had been .reading of as visiting Kentucky.The Progressive Culture Clubwill meet in their rooms , Thursdayafternoon, when the following program will be observed: Ibsen's,"The Doll House," Mrs. Harry Kersloke; Bjornscn's "The Newly Married Couple," Mrs. George W. Stuart;Snnriprman's "Maerda." Irs. LeePrice.The progi am to be-rendeied attln meeting of the Paris LiteraryClub to-morrow afternoon, is as follows: "The Christ In Art.'iMrs.Frank P. Lowry; Reading, "ChristBefore Pi'ate," (Farrar), MissSimms;"" Reuben's "Descent FromThe Cioss," Mrs. Thomas HenryClay. Sr.; Reading, Mrs. Ossian Edwai ds.Mr. Nich Kriener, of Paris, recently celebrated his eighty-secondbirthday anniversary. He has Deenengaged in the harness and saddlerybusiness for fifty-one years, and ihi-aid to be the oldest harness mer-.chant in the State in point gf continuous service. He is still in comparatively good health and has active charge of his business.Sheriff John G. Roberts, of Mt.Sterling, who has been seriously illfor some time at the WattersonHotel, in Louisville, has beenhrmierht to his home. He was accompanied by Mrs. Roberts, who hasbeen with him during his illness.Mr. Roberts has many friends inParis, who will be gratified to knowthat he is on tlie road to recovery,and is rapidly regaining hisstrength. Mr. Roberts was taken illwhile attending the Democraticconference and love-feast in Louis -ille, and oy a time was in a critical-condition.The following announcement.'cards have been received by friendsof the groom in this city."Mr. and Mrs. James LeStrange announce the marriage of their niece,jva Margaret Scott, to Mr. Cecil Anderson, .on Friday, the fifth day ofrnui lw "-;--;-" ' n the Uf arch one thousand nine nunareuStout pronounced sentence upon tne Marcn Francisco." "AtHome, G'60 Bush Street, San Fran-Cisco." Tn3 groom win uc wci.-.Messrs. Robert Turner and Russell Clayton, who have been employed by the clothing firm ofMitchell & Blakemore, have purchased the grocery store of Lusk &.Shea and will get possession April1st.These tuo hustling and popularyoung men will command a bitrade and will no. doubt make a bi;;success in their new venture. Thestore will be newly stocked with thebest line of. staple and fancy groceries fruits, gieen vegetables, etc.The public is cordially invited tovisit and give a portion of its tradeto this new firm.TURNER & CLAYTON.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe Match term of Bourbon Circuit Court adjourned Saturday after a three weeks' session. Friday.1he jury in rbe trial of the 4Uit , orV D Brown vs. the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. rendered averdict for $146.50 in favor of thedefendant. There being no furtneitrial cases Judge Stout adjournedCourt until nine o'clock Saturdaymcrning. The entry of orders andjudgment rendered during the termwas made, and the Court adjOurned.n.ini- tr fldiournmeni, ,uvi&'-,,..." nP;CAnpr: WhO n&a OCCiiconvicted -at this term of CourtMoitoa McKee, white forgery two-years in the Frankfort Reformatory; MaryJUlen Games,iorgery, fomyyars.' "tmPiTiberedv here, where he was a fre-' '. . . 1 j. .nur- wHllo resident ofcpwre. wut -- ' "?X,- r the . s 1tJlCJl5cw"", " ----- fTornado and WindstormsAre no respectorsOf personsOrlocalities .forA AYourresidence&Or your barn-sOr store buildingMay be in1.The path ofThe next highWind and ifaIt is you.You may lose aChimney or ay A :Roof or evenYour entireStructure may.Be on theGround afterMr. Wind has-k tSaid "Howdy Do"And passes on,cSo if youx -HHaven't takenOut this kindOf InsuranceAAALet your mindi-Dwell on theDamage doneat.Fergus FallsAnd MattoonAnd OmahaAnd" St. LouisAnd New AlbanyfAnd Charleston'And LouisvilleAAnd Cincinnati. AAnd JolietAnd a scoreOf other cities' And then comeV: f ATo our officeOr call usOver the phone. AAnd tell usThat youare- 'Not going toTake a chanceAny longerThat you realizeYou Haven't any-"Pull" with aWindstorm and"eThat you wantYour propertyInsured against1Damage by windjeAnd maybe you'll-cBe surprised'To find howCheap the rate is.SPRING DISPLAY-.',.ofWOMEN'S SMARTOUTER APPARELExhibiting the Newest Modes inSuits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, Blousesand.a full line ofMillineryfxDame Fashion will hold forth this week at this . 'store. In most complete assortments will beshown all of the Season's BeSt Styles.ft You and your friends are cordially invited toTil come, see the new modes, try them on, andand learn how attractively they are pricedthen when you are ready to buy you will knowknow where to do so most economically.JIT Then, too, with Easter only two weeks away,, jI you will want to select that Easter Suit, Frock;CfBlouse or Skirt.Plan to be here thisare at their best.week while assortmentsM i R R .YM224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky,9IWB&flWMUflyA FEW DAYSOF OUR CASH SALE LEFTSJ51stUP TO APRILyou can secure Rugs, Furniture, Linoleums, Baby- Buggies, Wall Paper,Refrigerators and all .House Furnishings at ' -20YERKES & PEEDFarmers and Traders Banir SOff the Regular PriceYou will find our prices 'the best;You will find our goods the best;Save money while you can! -.1&:?v 'THE J. T. HINTON CO;EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINUaah llAarcici Motor Invalkf .Coach Unori!ffin&'i.J--vLMvvsr-4 -...yOvS- 1 -it 1-, jV,-4V"Ai&. i .. -- r?rf'V4..rL.r$1V":FACT SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MJlRCH 30; 120,i'-wAAniMMINGS' SPEECHATL0U1SVILLECkairmm Of Democratic Nationalfrraittee Delivers Address AtGet-Together MeetingTUC CDCCrU DDIMTEn IN FIT! I I -""area wim me xvepuuncau party,Ittb M'tttH rKlNlfcU IW rULL,opposed the system. Their statesmenLOUISVILLE, KY., March 29.The Get-together movement, or"Love Feast," of Kentucky Democrats at the Seelbach at Louisvillelast Thursday evening was one of thegreatest political meetings in the history of the State.Fully six hundred Democrats,women and men, were seated at thebanquet, which was served in thelarge assembly room on the top floorof the hotel.The speakers included Homer S.Cummings, chairman of the NationalDemocratic Committees, Col. P. H.Callahan, Judge Alex P. Humphrey,and Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart. Anorchestra was heard while the banmiAf: was beinff served., 0 i . tAlter tne speaking, resolutionswere adopted endorsing the NationalAdministration, and scoring the Re-publican Congress for its failure tooffer even a resolution of sympathyfor the President of the UnitedStates during his long and critical -ness, Drougnt on Dy over-worK anadevotion to theinterests of theUnited States.The speech of Mr. Cummings is:reproduced herewith in full, becauseit is one of the ablest that has beenheard anywhere and covers the Democratic position as no other docu- ment could do. We hope every reader of The Kentuckian-Citizen willtake time to read the speech. It willrepay the time spent. Women, especially, should read it, for they willbe called on to vote in the Novemberelection. They will want to know inmore detail tin ever before whatthe Democra.x party stands for.And every Republican should read it.Mr. Cummings' Great Speech.Following is the address of HomerS. Cummings, National Democraticchairman, in jiull:"I am happy to know that thisgreat campaign, which has alreadycommenced, will permit us to seek!the inspiration, the help and the loyal co-operation of the women ofAmerica."In the campaign of 191 G we carried ten out of the twelve suffrageStates, and we made great gains inthe other two States. There aremanifest reasons for this. It wasnot only because they were movedby the clarity of manner in which' she was able to state great principles,but it was also because the womenof America are instinctively Democrats. "The Democratic party possessedan appeal to the women of Americabecause of the social aspects of theprogramme which had been outlinedby its great leader and which had- been carried to such a successfulculmination. The women knew bysome instinct, superior, I think, tosheer reason, that there was a greatheart and great spirit and a greatsoul behind the legislative programme of the Democratic party.Defines Democratic Party."If I were called upon to suggestthe essential thing that distinguishes our party from the Republicanparty. I would say that our party isthe party of service and the Republican party is a party concernedchiefly with material things. Thatis why the Democratic party possesses an irresistible appeal to those whohave hearts; and the women ofAmerica always have a heart interest in great public questions."The Democratic party got itschance in 1912. We had wanderedmany years in the wilderness andwe had become purged of all oursins and vices."We were an unentangled party;we were a free party; we did notowe allegiance to any class, to anygroup or to any special interest, andwe were, therefore, able to take up" with success the great legislative programme, that we ultimately carriedthrough."We found practically every department of goverment in need ofsome sort of reform. We passed anincome tax and made it a permanentpart of the revenue-producing agencies of this country; we passed childlabor legislation; we eliminated thegraft and the favoritism and the iniquities from the tariff system; weestablished a non-partisan tariffcommission so that future revisionsof the tariff might be made in thelight of scientific knowledge accurately obtained.Dollar Diplomacy Destroyed."Pan-Americanism was encouraged; dollar diplomacy was destroyed;the Philippine self-government billwas adopted."We went further than this: We-nassed the Smith-Lever bill for theimprovement of farm condition. Wethen turned to labor. For the firsttime, in the history of any government in this country, a Secretary ofLabor sat in the Cabinet of the, President of the United States. Regula. tions concerning hours of servicewere made applicable to Federal employes, and Federal employment.Federal Trade Commission."We went further than this. Weestablished the Federal Trade Comnission in order that American busiless might prpceed upon a fair and. equitable basis. We passed the Clayxm Act amending the Sherman Antitrust Act, and for the first time in;he history of America, labor wascreated, no longer as a commodity,"but those whp toiled were treated ashuman beings."Aye, this was the very Magna jiUharta oi laDor in cms country."We wont further than this: Wesaw that the business of Americawas not secure. We" saw that the'Republican system of finance was a'prolific breeder of panic.I "The Republicans were unable to'revise it because the men who controlled the Republican party themen who financed its campaignswere interested in maintaining theoia system; uut mis xree yaL,yt unaunentangled party of ours, under ourgreat leadership, took up this measure to reform. And. let me tell vou.my friends, it took all the drivingpower of the president to putthrough this currency revision. Thegreat bankers of America, long af-in Congress opposed it."Ttie same people who today control the Republican party and whoare slandering the President andwarning the Nation against theLeague of Nations were the samestatesmen who in that day and timeopposed the passage of the FederalReserve Act. It took statesmanshipand courage to put this measure intothe organic law of America. Andso that law was ultimately passed,together with all these other acts,and let me remind you that theyhave operated so well in practice thatno Republican leader has since arisenI to suggest either their amendment,their alteration or their repeal.Freed Commerce of America."These acts freed the industry andthe commerce of America. It makesme weary to the soul to hear menbabbling about trje supposed factthat the Democratic party does notunderstand the business of America,j Why, I say that the Republican partyj deliberately neglected, for more thani a generation, the best business inter-ests oi America."How many bank failures do yousuppose you had -under the old Re-publican system? You had an average of one bank failure every twenty-one days for a period of nearlyorty years. And after the passagetf this Federal Reserve System, wead in 1915 four failures; in 1917iree failures; in 1918 one failure;nd in 1919 no failures."Let me tell you, my friends, thathe business men of America whofail to support the Democratic partyare failing to support the best friendthat the legitimate business interestof America ever had."And then the great war came on."For a moment it seemed as if daylight had dropped away from theworld; but Democratic leadershiprose to still greater heights. We supplied all the necessary legislation.We created the War Risk Bureau;we established the office of AlienProperty Custodian; we created aDepartment for Vocational Training; we successfully mobilized the industry of America; we establishedthe food and fuel regulations thatwere necessary to make Americasecure; we established the ShippingBoard and created a merchant marine; prodigious loans were successfully floated; we created a NationalCouncil of Defense, and under theleadership of a great Democrat theAmerican navy was increased untilit became the second in size apd thefirst in efficiency in the entireworld."It is a source of pride to knowthat when it came to transportingmillions of men abroad we never losta man in a ship that was convoyedby the American navy.Draft Tested Courage."It was not by the mere choicethat an army of more than 3,000,000men was raised under ta selectivedraft law, when it took courage topropose such a measure to the American people. It was not by merechance that more than 2,000,000men were safely transported across3,000 miles of Uboat infested seas, Iwhere well-armed, well-equipped,well-officered and indomitable inspirit, they turned the tide of battle,won imperishable glory, and triumphed in the greatest war that theworld has ever known.".Please do not misundeistaiuUme.This was America's war. Thesegreat things were carried forwardunder the stimulus of American patriotism and with the support of thespirit of our people; all this I freelyand gladly acknowledge."But the time has come when, because of the slanders of the opposition, we are entitled to rise in theassemblages of our fellow citizensand call attention to the great factthat all these things were accomplished under the leadership of agreat Democrat and under a greatDemocratic Administration."I do not know how others mayeel about it, but as for myself, I am-oud to be an American citizen. I.11 proud of our great army. I amroud of our great navy. I am proudf the power of my country and thelanner in which that power has beensed. I am proud of the heroism ofAmerican men! yes, and Americanwomen. And I am proud, incomparaably proud of the triumphant and theinspired leadership of PresidentWo od row Wilson.Slander Is Foe's Weapon."And what is the progi amine ofthe opposition? Slander of the President and criticism of mere details.They have started ninety-two investigations since the Republican gained control of the Congress, and theyhave spent .$2,000,000 in "smelling"committees for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not there hasbeen any graft in the conduct of thegreat war.They have wasted the $2,000,000.but they have demonstrated that thiswas the cleanest war ever fought inthe history of civilization. The finger of scorn does not point" to onesingle Democratic official in all thebroad America and they seem tobe sorry that this is so. I am proudthat it is true. I want to remind youthat it does not lie in the mouths ofthose who conducted the SpanishAmerican War to indulge in the luxury of criticism."What is there in this war to compare with the typhoid infested campsof the war of 1S98, what is there inthis war to compare to the papersole, shoe controversy of 1898, whatis there in this war to compare to theembalmed' beef scandal of the Span-ish-American War? We have foughtsi great war for a great cause and wehave had a leadership which has carried America' to great heights ofglory and power and splendor andhonor than she has ever known before in her entire history. Partisancriticism of minor defects and individual officials may for a time attract superficial attention; but theplead eloquently for the Democraticcause."Yet there are men so small inspirit, so pitifully cramped in soul,that they 'say the war cost too much.Of course it was an expensive war.All war is expensive. We poured outour wealth in abundant measure, butI for one would have rather spent$1,000,000,000 for shells that werenever exploded than to have had oneAmerican boy on the firing lineminus an essential cartridge.Freedom Was Purchased."I may not understand the spiritof America, but I do not think thatAmerica cares to measure moneyagainst the blood of American soldiers, and when we talk about the expense of this war, permit me to remind you what we bought with it.We bought with it the freedom andthe safety of the civilization of theworld. And they say we were notprepared for war."They forget that democraciesnever prepare in the strict militarysense, but that America prepared inthe best possible manner. Wars arenot fought by armies. They arefought by nations. It is a measuringof the economic strength of nations."The front line trench is nostronger than the force which lies behind the trench. It reaches back toevery farm, to every village, 'toevery counting-house, to every factory, to every home. America prepared by making economic life ofAmerica sound."Where would we have been ifthis war had broken out, and we hadnot prepared so that our farmerswere able to feed the armies of theworld ?"Where would we have been if labor had not been prepared to followthe leadership of the President?Where would we have been if we hadnot established a currency systemwhich made it possible for us notonly to supply our own needs, without shock or strain or panic, but theneeds of our Allies, and in the process, convert America into the greatest creditor nation that the world Vhas ever known? ,Right To Be Proud."These are stupendous accomplishments, and we have a right to beproud of them. I am not only proudto be an American citizen, but I amproud to be a member of the Democratic party, I have no apologies tomake for being a Democrat, but if Iwere a Republican I should have anabundance of apologies to make."The Republicans have now beenin control of the Senate and theHouse for eight months. They wentin, under false pretenses. They outlined an elaborate programme' ofreconstruction that looked very wellin the newspapers. They have notonly delayed and indefinitely postponed the peace of the world, interfered with American commerce,American trade and brought the rateof exchange tumbling down to apoint hitherto unknown, but asidefrom ra.hoad legislation of doubtfulvalue, they have not passed one single constructive act since they hadcontrol of both branches of the Government."And now they are searching fornew promises to make to the peoplein 1920. I am informed that the Republican National Committee has become so concerned as to its attitudeoh public Questions tKat It has offered a prize (I might say, a reward)of $10,000 to any young man, preferably under the age of 25 yearswho could write a winning platform.Personally I consider the copensation as totally inadequate. The taskis impossible, and only the adloescentwould undertake it. And I understand that the New York Tribunepublishes each day a full page advertisement offering prizes irangingfromf $10 to $500 for individualplanUs to be put in the Republicanplatform.Extraordinary Political Ark."In addition to this, the astute andvery active Mr. Hays has appointeda committee of 171 to go, two bytwo, into the most extraordinarypolitical ark in history and there towrite a platform for the Republicanparty. It is a most unusual conglomeration of political misfits."On that committee of 171 theyhave reactionaries, and Progressives,they have Taftites and Rooseveltians,they have Economists and Approprlationists, they have reservationistsof all kinds, mild reservationists,they have bitter-enders, they havecapitalists, and pacifists and militarists, and former chairmen of theRepublican National Committee andseventeen women, all to go on a voyage of discovery for the purpose ofascertaining what Republican principles are."It is simple to give, an excellentpolitical recipe to the chairman ofthe Republican National Committee.Nothing will be gained by searchingfor new promises to break. Thereis one great duty that the Republican Jparty owes to America, and that isthe duty of justifying the, existenceof a Republican majority in the present House and Senate. They shouldpass the legislation which the President has called their attention to.twice in messages; legislation concerning profiteering, legislation concerning taxation, legislation concerning the returning soldiers, legislationconcerning the great measures of reform and consti-uction put forwardby the Secretary of Agriculture."Months ago, before the Presidentwent to Europe, he suggested thatthey take council together and provide sbme legislation with referenceto industrial unrest, with referenceto the relation of labor and capital,and with reference to taxation. Republican leadership should suspendus programme ot criticism and pro"" (Continued on Page 7)sbForWashingGrandma's Powdered Soap is "made to orderfor washing machines. If you have one, probablyyou have been cutting up bar soap. Stop that at once.Buy Grandma's Powdered Soap and put it intoyour washer a tablespoonful to the pail. Greatbubbling, copious suds right away. Nothing wasted.No slices of solid soap sticking to the clothes.Soak your clothes with Grandma, run themthrough the washing machine for 10 minutes andthey are clean. Grandma's will cut down thetime in the washing machine. For it is a powderedsoap. It is all ready to start in washing with.Grandma's is about the only thing whichhas not gone up in price.' It is the most economical soap you can use.A b8 generous sized package for 5cThere's real economy in buying Grandma'sXdKAI&HmWB&ittlSEyVti fKfBM&JjimUMBBSfrHlHVpP2uSYRUP OF FIGS"ISLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach. Liver andBowelsAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for tie name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its k delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)oThe Best Way.If the show of anything be good foranything. I am sure sincerity is better;for why does any man dissemble, orseem to be that which' he is not. butbecause he thinks it good to have sucha quality as he pretends to? For tocounterfeit and riiseiiihlc is to put onthe appearance of .some real excelency. Now the best way in the worldtfr a man to seem to be anything, isreally to be what he would seem to beTIlloNon.And now the reformers want tomake .divorce illegal. The mostcertain way to end it is to makemarriage impossible.The downfall of booze shouldstand forever a monument to the(fact that' greed brings about Jits owi,destruction. ' 'LAXATIVEFOR CHILDMkjv iWk illft J4AIwTT j 1 111 jMachines-m' y vr "" 1 fewrandmasPowdered SOAPTnj This Powdered SoapTodaulbixx Grocer Has.The Gfcba Soap Company. CincinnatiOIL ANDGAS RESOURCESKENTUCKY.OPPi of. Willard I. Jillson, State geologist of Kentucky, has issued anow book on titled "Oil and Gas Resources of Kentucky." T-his book,which is most comprehensive of itskind ever issued in Kentucky, contains 650 pages, with 100 photographic illustrations and a largelmmuer or on neia maps, ana is creating a widespread interest amongKentucky oil men. The widespreadmovement to develop new oil poolsnext spring due to the increasedprice of Somerset grade of crude oil.has caiibed an unprecedented demand for Prof. Jillson's work, whichwill necessitate the printing of apew edition that far outnumbersthe Hist of 3,000' copies.Only f. small portion of the firstedition remains, and copies may beprocured gratuitously from the Kentucky State Geologist at Frankfort.by lequesting Bulletin No. 1 andenclosing 20 cents postage.TITE UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the- Ford enr, its stabilityin construction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row,S1litINTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexineton PorPassParis PorLexingtonA. M.A. M.6.0 Ox7:20.8:5010:2011.501:202:504:206:007:209:10A. M.A. M.A. M.A. M.6:457:15r8:159:45 'M.A. M.A. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.3:455:156:508:15P. M. 11:00P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYParis, Ky.mid Jl7C&W:,f ifctrH'$$'' nt oTW r-?P? TH-I " ''iTt.fi ". , w. H ?'.,, - - nvA . A.-"nt., ' n ., 1 'titt )S ' V. r - t i ,5 - 4v"r ' si ,,"-a W. ' X. fc ..',"' " . " . AVs .VJff T 5 'J.-- i.rf' 'IK. ,rKV .j v. - ; "i?u 1 Uv'rf,- f,l'V-,K -TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYr ags oni-5.. .sfe iINFLUENZAstarts with a ColdKill the Cold. At theinBKUkeBiusCASCARAEPNINEHOMlIcold remedy for 20 vearstablet form safe, sure, nobreaks up a cold in 245urs relieve grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redwith Mr. Hill'sp:c-re.A.t All Dm StormsGOVERNOR MORROW VETOESSEVEN MORE BILLSBefore going to Louisville, Governor Morrow passed on a largenumber of bills, seven of which werevetoed. The Governor will be outof le State for more than a weeki.nd the bills which he has not considered will become laws withoutLis signature.The Governor vetoed the bill providing that every County Judge inthe State may appoint a stenographer for his use at a salary not toexceed $900. The Governor is of theopinion that it would be a bad ideato create the office of stenographerto county judges as it would set abad precedent and would result ina further extension of such officesand create more numerous offices inthe State.The bill of Representative Johnson to require filing of memorandum with County Clerk in order topiolong, as against creditors andpurchasers, life of debt secured bylien, was vetoed by the Governor asthe bill, he said, attempted to makea radical departure from the present l&w of limitation relative tosuits on indebtedness secured bv alien of record.As the bill of RepresentativeWash to prescribe duties of assistant inspectors of schools, and fixedthe salaries of inspectors at $2,000was passed without an enactingclause, the Governor vetoed the bill.The bill of Senator Burton toaward $50 reward for capture ofauto thieves was vetoed by theGovernor because he was of theopinion that it is not good policy tohave general rewards of this character. HAS HAD STOMACH TROUBLEFOR SEVEN TEARS.Theodore Sanford, of Fenmore,Mich., has had stomach trouble forseven years and could not eat vegetables or fruit without pain in theEtomach and restless nights. Bytaking Chamberlain's Tablets he isnow able to eat vegetables or fruitwithout causing pain or sleeplessviess. If troubled with indigestionor constipation give these tablets atrial. They are certain to provebeneficial.(adv)flBv Standard.If rr'.'lllrFv. -P il kv topV Hilly TWt1 iMp appetite.H The flavor digestion ! 1H lasts and theelectrically-p ' package jI WRIGLEYsfcKjI to you with ail its KB&6 goodness perfect- KBr iy preserved. W w AII Sealed J J4yyj I IfillT"" ' j H 11 wr'lJAiHi jUU 111yM A11 I iTi i ! m i h WIS A STRONG ANDHAPPY WOMAN NOWStrength and Energy Came Back,Nerves Calm and SleepsLike Child"As I now look back over my condition before I began taking Tanlac,I can hardly understand how I managed to hold out as long as I did,"was the statement made recently byMrs. C. B. Guthrie, of 612 NortbNinth street, Richmond, Va.I had suffered so much that Ihad almost given up hope and mymotner nad become alarmed at mycondition," Mrs. Guthrie continued."I had been bothered with indigestion so long that I had become dyspeptic and I could hardly retain anything I ate. My appetite was sopoor that Ixhad to force myself toeat enough to keep alive. Gas formed on my stomach sometimes fright- Iful and my heart would palpitate sobad I could hardly breathe. I gotso dizzy at times that I had to takehold of the first thing near me tokeep from falling to the floor. Iwas so short-winded that I gavecompletely out when I walked anydistance or took the least exercise. Iwas so nervous that I could get butlittle sleep and I feared to go to bed.When I got up of mornings I alwayshad a bitter taste in my mouth. Ihad pains all over my body and attimes I was in such agony that I feltlike every muscle and joint wasstiff. Bursting headaches wouldcome on me often and I felt miserable from morning till night everyday that came."I had heard of Tanlac, but Ididn't begin taking it until a friendof my mother recommended It sohighly to her that she got a bottlefor me. I have taken only one bottle, but the change that has comeover me is remarkable. All signs ofindigestion have disappeared and Ican eat anything and everything 1pleased without any bad after effects. I tlon't get dizzy any moreand my heart action is normal andmy breathing free and easy. Mynerves are steady and I sleep like achild The stiffness in my joints andmuscles has all left me and I am nolonger troubled with headaches. Ihave gained in weight, my strengthand energy have all come back andI just feel like a new women. I ama well and happy woman and all thepraise for it goes to Tanlac."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the Peoples Pharmacy.(adv)CITHE BEST LAXATIVE."My sedentary habits have necessitated the use of an occasional laxative. I have" tried many, but foundnothing better than Chamberlain'sTablets," writes George F. Daniels,Hardwick, Vt. Mr. Daniels is proprietor of the Hardwick Inn, one ofthe model hotels of New England.(adv)SENATOR CUMMINS' SPEECH.(Continued from Page 6)ceerJ with the performance of its simple duty.Call Critics Destructionitt."It is not necessary to pause todiscuss the details of the Treaty ofPeace and the League of Nations.The crucial test of those who discussthe League of Nations consists in theattitude, which they disclose. Is theattitude sympathetic and helpful, oris it partisan and critical? Is the purpose constructive or destructive? Isan honest attempt being made to "forward this great project or is it thepurpose to hamper those who are engaged in tha work so that the wholeplan may fall into confusion and become ineffective?"The war had set a great task forthe statesmanship of the world. Thebest thought of the world demandedthat serious attempt be made by theleaders of the Allied Governments toformulate a Treaty" of Peace, whichshould prevent the recurrence ofwar. Every rightful impulse of thehuman heart was in accord with thatpurpose. In the face of the greatestproblem in the world, Republicanleaders saw fit to rememoer oniythat they were Republicans.Manv a time in history men havehad an opportunity to speak for thefreedom of a country or of a people,but never before, since time began,have statesmen been afforded the opportunity to speak for the freedomof the world."The issue involved the highestconsiderations of morality and humanity. The opportunity for a service was as great as the need of theworld, and the failure to render itmust stand as a reproach for all thetime. I cannot understand how people differ about these things. Havewe not learned anything from thisgreat international cataclysm?' Isthe world to slip back to the placein which it was before the war? Hasstatesmanship no remedy to offer toAmerican people and to the peopleof the world?Peace Dream Of Ages."From time immemorial men havedreamed of peace. Poets have sungit. Philosophers have written aboutit. Statesmen have discussed it.Men everywhere have hoped that theday might come when wars no longerwould be necessary in the settlementof international differences. It hasbeen the dearest dream that evercrossed the nieht of man's darkmind.. "Think of the endless debt piledon the back of a stricken world.Think of the shattered villages andthe desolated fields, think of th'e7,000,000 dead. Think of the widowsand the orphans of all lands. Thinkof the 14,000,000 of our fellow creatures whom just creep brokenlythroucrh a shattered life. Think ofthe pitiful and unnumbered thousands whose darkened eyes willnever gaze on the sun again and whowill know the faces of loved onesonly through the touch of gropingfingers the only vision of the blind."How can America's heart be closed to these things? And yet whatpicture do we present today? A picture of America, disposed to haggleover the terms of a treaty to whichthe rest of civilization has alreadyassented. We present a picture ofAmerica reluctant to fulfill its legitimate obligations. We see Americapictured as a nation preparing to obtain the advantages of a League ofNations without accepting any of itsresponsibility. We see the Senate,under the guidance of SenatorLodge, dealing with a question affecting the destiny of the humanrace, in a manner which indicatesthat partisanship is the controllingmotive.Opponents Criticised Wilson."We behold men who criticised thePresident for taking six months towrite the Treaty, unable themselvesto reach a reasonable decision withreference to its acceptance or rejection after more than eight months ofsterile debate. We see our commercewhich began to seek every port in theworld, still hovering about Americanshores, unable to put to sea with theconfidence that America has itsheart behind the commercial ventures of its citizenship."We find everywhere developingcriticism, augmented antagonism, increasing partisanship and a generaldistaste for politics and politicians.America has paid and is still payinga staggering price for having electeda Republican Congress at the lastelection."Had a Democratic Congress beenelected, or a Congress in sympathywith the President, the Treaty ofPeace would long ago have been ratified. Innumerable avenues of tradeand commerce would have beenopened to American enterprise, andhalted industry would have taken onnew and hopeful life."America could then be proud, notonly of her achievements in war andof the service which she renderedwhen civilization was in the balancebut she could have been proud of thespectacle of America in the very vanof civilization, leading the strickenpeoples of the earth up from the valley to the higher plains of achievement and holding aloft, with undiminished faith, the flaming torch ofhuman liberty."WHY COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.You are often told to "beware ofa cold" but why? We wil tell you:Every cold weakens the lungs, lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor the more serious diseases. People who contract pneumonia firsttake cold. The longer a cold hangson, the greater the danger, especiallyfrom the serm diseases, as a coldprepares the system for the receptionand development of the germs ofconsumption, diphtheria, scarletfever and whooping cough. Theouicker you get rid of your cold,the less the danger of contractingone of these diseases. Chahiberlain's Cough Remedy has a 'greatleputation as a cure for colds andcan be depended upon. It is pleasant to take.Udr)Buicki tr H iHE aDDfiaranr.fi and rJesicrnof the Buicktearing carguishes it from others of its class.It is a dimerent type especially designed and built for those desiringan ideal family car.The pleasing body lines, large comfortable seats and tonneaus makesil a favorite car among the ladiesand children.With its simplicity of control, itssurplus of power, its wonderfuleconomy, it assures each purchaserof efficient and dependable service.WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT BUICKThe C.Cor.LIFT OFF CORNS!Freezone is magic! Com lift offwith fingers without painHurt?drop aNo. not one bit! Justlittle Freezone on thaitouchy corn, instantly it stops aching, then you lift that bothersomecorn right off. Yes, magic! Costsonly a few cents.Try Freezone! Your druggistsells a tiny bottle, sufficient to ridyour feet of every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone iothe mysterious ether discovery of aCincinnati genius. (adv)oDetermining the Seasons. iaThe periods known as the seasonsare determined astronomically by theapparent movement of the sun (thereal movement of the earth) in theecliptic, or its journey around thesun. The passage of the sun acrossthe equator, bringing on days ofgreater length than the night, mark?the vernal or spring equinox for thfcnorthern hemisphere, and the autum-nal equinox for the southern hemisphere, the seasons in the two hemispheres being always reversed.oWorld Has Many Lepers.Neither geography, climate, diet,fieredity nor any other known influence sufficiently explains the cause,the distribution or the behavior of leprosy. There is no discovered certaincure for it, and the cases of completerecovery, if there have been such, arerare. To most Americans it is uuyyujonly a name made familiar by Biblical mention or by reports of missionaries to far-off landM; and the estimatethat there are 2,000,000 of these hope-!less sufferers in the world comes tomany people as . strpnse. -liucuwici ,Post-Express.oWhat dry and dubious times thesehe! ' - .,. ) J-n-Al-:aSValve-in-Headseven passengerreadily distinS. BallFourth and Pleasant StsA MAN AND'JLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169iJ!aiagiii5ggiiingiiMieigiggi8Jii-iigigiygiiiiisauumftiiiiSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on- your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Home Phone 359(till July 1).tiSI W 9 BI ii a r T'T' i "1.B-32WILL BUILD THEMHIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.PARIS, KENTUCKYGarageA .. AT -s --rt& " -.TdtXitIiiI!:hra'auiiwESim53smuim&MJim'iiifII!"IIJ It.x1HT fy'- i3V. ,v$,tA"' ""V 1 vri JU &6l.. A"-.a ....&- ., X.-.j ...V 3- Jg.AttL.rih.'Ls ,t.t.. rafe-.L.- Ji&W-.'r-ft1&. A"XfVArA VrvM"-,f.s.'-if'"f ",V' Ts-- 1-PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEW&. PARIS KENTUCKY1 ' '"l1"! . ''kVTUESDAY, MARCH. 39, 192.M.-v-1.J'MILLERSBURGcolc. m. best explains.Ed. THE NEWS: The state-ment in THE NEWS of Friday byyour Miliersburg correspondent thatthe scarlet fever cases at tlie M. M.I. were doing nicely, is true, butthat a few of the cadets had goneiiome. me majority remaining, iuvj ;latter part is erroneous. There atetwo mild casey in the school. Nocadet in the school has gone home.The sick boys are nearly well. Nofurther cases are anticipated- Thecadets are perfectly contented anaexpect to continue at school. A fewday pupils remained at home a fewdaysawaiting developments, but expect to return to-day.Respectfully,C. M. BEST.Mr. E. M. Ingels is able to beshout the house.Dr. C. B. Smith and Miss. Marguerite Redmon are improving.The Paris High School team andM. G. engaged in basket ball at theM. C. Gymnasium, which resultedin favor of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Huffman,of Cincinnati, are guests of the former's mother, Mrs. Mary Huffman,and other relatives.Mrs Robert Johnson entertained the Bridge Club at the homeof Mrs. Oscar Johnson. The out-of-townguests were Mrs. James Lail,Mrs. Clayton, Mrs. J. M. Sturgeon,Mrs. Hugh Campbell. Mrs. Geo. Watkins, Mrs. Jesse Alverson, all ofParis, and Mis. Claude Sunders, ofCarlisle.The Millersburg Dancing Clubgave a dance at the opera houseFriday evening. A large crowd wasin attendance, and the 'floor was fullof dancers during the entire timp.A large number of visitors were alsopresent. Soft drinks and sandwicheswere served during the entire timeby Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Derrickson.A community protracted meeting opened at the Methodist churchSunday evening. There will beservices every afternoon this weekand evening at 3:00 p. m. and 7:00p. m. During the week, the afternoon services will be conducted byRev. W. W. Morton, of the Presbyterian church. The evening services by Rev. Adams, of the Methodislchurch, while Elder W. J. Slater, ofjhe Christian church, will haverharge of the music.Mr. Martin Furlong, aged aboutr7, died Saturday at 9:35 p. m., after a brief illness, at the home ofAir. and Mrs. Russell Mitchell, onSouth Main street, of a complication ofhetrt and kidney trouble.Mr. Furlong has been -in poor healthfor the past eighteen months, butnot until last Thuisday did he takehis bed. About a year ago hishealth was very poor, though hewas able to go about the house.During the summer he improvedconsiderably, while he was not wellhe passed a comparatively comfortable winter. He was a native of Mason county, born near Marshall station. When quite a young man hebecame overseer on the farm of Mrs.Sallie Grover. near Mayslick. withwhom he resided until her deathtwenty-eight years later. In beptember, 1891. he came to Millersburg, and for two years resided inthe family of Mrs. M. J. Caldwell.During this time he purchased fromMr. W. M. Layson about 160 acre:?of land, a'part of the old Orr- farmFor a time he operated the farm in.person. After a few years he rented the farm, moving to town duringthe winter, and returning Tto th?farm duVing the summer season.For- a number of years He spent hiswinters with Mrs. MargueriteMitchell, who at .that time operatede boarding house here, but now ofParis. For the past several yearshe has spent the winter season withMr. and Mrs. Russell Mitchell. Howas a bachelor and is survived byone brother, Mr. John Furlong, andone sister, Miss Mary Furlong, bothof Maysville. Last Thursday Mr.TnMirlonsr's condition grew worse andfrom that time on he failed rapidly. Ir 1- 5 .m.n toli-QTl tr tllP .1 lie leuiuiiia wwc i.o,n.w i.w ."home of his brother, Mr. John Furlong, of Maysville, and after a shorefuneral service at 9:00 a. m. to-dayat St. Patrick's church, at Maysville, they, were interred in theCatholic Cemetery at Washington.THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND 'Admission: ZJttZZXLV-z3ZTODAY, TUESDAYGLADYS BROCKWELLIN"The Devil's Riddle99alsoRUTH ROLANDin "The Adventure of Ruth"and Prizma Color Picture"The Eden of the Pacific"Tomorrow, WednesdayMARGUERITE CLARKin jLuck in Pawn"fuie had shipped on fortune's sea andwrecked the boat. She had -pawned herluck and lost the ticket. But she found apawnbroker with a heart who financedher into love and society.Also Paramount Comedy, "The Knightof the Dub," and "Topics off the Day."inThursday, April 1stEUGENE O'BRIEN"His Wife's Money"A drama of the kind that is beinglived in every community. Love, Romance, Adventure. A favorite star in atwo-fisted role.Vod-aVil Moviesand Pathe ReviewGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningwas the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Henry Booth. Besides her parents,bhe is survived by her husband andfour children. Mrs. Kissick was alovely young woman, and her deathis deeply regretted by many warmfriends. The funeral was held atthe family home, followed by interment on the family lot in the NorthMiddletown Cemetery, where ashort service was conducted.DEATHS.WILLS.Clarence Wills, of this city,left yesterday morning for Middledletown, Ohio, to attend the funeralof his brother, W. S. Wills, whichtook place in that city yesterday afternoon. Wills, who was in the employ, of a railroad entering Middletown, was killed by a ' railroadswitch engine about twomonths ago. The body was placedin a vault, owing to severe winterweather prevailing at the time, andthe funeral decided upon was heldyesterday.KISSICK.Mrs. Ollie Kissick died afr herhome near Sideview, in Montgomerycounty, alter a brief illness. SheM. E. PR L ITTFuneral Director and EmbalmerMOTOR SERVICE- Millersbcirg, . - KentuckyPhones Cumberland 86, Home 110; Bay and Night.jfcjj.m&SMg3mThe Newest in Sorigand Danceon . a rPHONOGRAPHRECORDSnj IB Sjg &u -- MMMe and My Wife . . .Never Let ISTo One G.tl Worry Your MindHand in. Hand Again ....Out of a Clear Sky .- .I'm. Just Simply Full of Jaxr ....Ain't Cha Coming Back Mary Ann to MarylandHow Sorry You'll Be (WaitU You See)Oh!When You're AloneDreamland Brings Mem'ries of YouI'll Always Be Waiting for YouWe Must Have a Song To Remember . .Dardanclla .......Wonderful PalTi:rco - VOn the Streets of Cairo, .Bo-La-Bo ......Bow-Wow . . .I Might Be Your Oncc-In-A-WhileYou'd Be Surprised . . . .' .Coiue Alons; to Honeymoon TowrivGcoduigkt Dearie . ' . . .f- 22290( 2228422280'( 222S3)SI88..- 5Z22SS222S6S9Mighty Laic 'a Rose .Somcwbcre a Voice is CaCalling'f-2l 222S7'22227STEAGALL.Following an illness of lethan a week, due to double pneumonia, superinduced by an attackof influenza, Miss Lorena Stea&all,aged fourteen, died at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, Saturday night. The j-oung girl'smother, Mrs. Ben Steagall, is a patient at the same institution, whereshe recently underwent an operation for appendicitis. Miss SteagoJlis survived by ner parents, Mr. andMrs. Ben Steagall both of tms city.She was a brightf intelligent girl,and was a universal favorite.The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.The rail-bearers were six of MissSteagall's classmates, Misses AnnaBoone Patton, Katherine Wallingford, Nettie Dalzell, Emily Fithian,Virginia Woodall and Willie Fisher.man, who died in an Alameda, Cali.,hospital, about ten days ago, arrivedin Paris on last Saturday morning,and was taken to the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Woodford Spears, onStoner Avenue.The funeial was held from theresidence at 2:30 o'clock, Saturdayafternoon, with services conductedby his former pastoi Rev. F. W.Eiberhardt, of Georgetown, assistedby Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church. Preceding(the funeral hundreds of the deceasicd's friends, both white and 'colored, called at the residence to paytheir last respect to his memory.T-he inteiment took place on thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery.The active pall-bearers were Edward Spears, Charles S. Spears, JoYaidcn, White Varden, W. M. Goodloe, Robert Hinton, Dr. John MillerBurnam and Catesby Spears. Thehonorary pall-bearers were RobertC. Talbott, Thomas Henry Clay.Geiorge R. Bell, Henry A. Power,OKarles LaRue, Silas E. Bedford,Tjv. J. T. Vansant, Bruce Holladay,W. B. Allen and Buckner Woodford.A wealth of floral offerings anda large gathering of friends-at theburial attested the esteem in whichMr. Stephens was held in the community in which he had been a potent factor, and in vhich his liferesidence had proven his sterlingwoith as businessman, churchmanand good citizen. vCHANDLER.Following a protracted illness,due to a complication of diseases,Qrley L. Chandler, a former resident of Paris, died at his home onChiles street, in Harrodsburg,Thursday.Mr. Chandler during his residence in Paris was an employe ofThe J. T. Hinton Co., and was weliliked for his many personal qualities. He had been in declininghealth for several years, and hadspent some time in visiting variousSouthern places in search of health.Shortly after leaving Paris he wentinto the undertaking business atHarrodsburg, where he was the junior member of the firm of Chandler& Spillman. He was a son of Rev..and Mrs. M. T. Chandler, formerlyof Paris, his father at one time having charge of the Methodist churchin this city.He is survived by his widow,Mrs. Haldon Hardin Chandler, ofHarrrdsburg; his parents, Rev. andMrs. M. T. Chandler, of Richmond,three brothers, one of whom, Taylor Chandler, is a resident of thiscity, and three sisters.The funeral was held at the Harrodsburg Methodist church Sundayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. Frank T.Mclntyre. The burial followec onthe family lot in the HarrodsburgCemetery.STEPHENS.The body oL Charles Stephens,F&ris merchant, banker and church-ENOUGH BILLSBUT THAT WASALL SHE SAYSTotal Results Gained From OtherMedicines Before Taking Tru-tona, Mrs. Franklin AssertsCUT FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCASIONS. -Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions "furnished onshort notice.JO. VARDEN.o tA FEW DAYS MOREOnly a few days more to take advantage of the wonderful bargainswe are offering in our March sale.Twenty per cent, off regular prices:f you call before April 1st.THE J. T. HINTON CO.(26-2t)We Are Doing the Best WeCan to Help Reduce the H. C. L.SaV' ' - 71.' - - w. -w . lev; '-Ivf - ?, 3g? ; -,,' : s--x ,-?-,...i"-J.v. 4v . w ' rJur. .' .-- -ffi? '' "" "''.xfiMmr.r?'A & -.'To help you we are selling Men's Suits,Hats Shoes and Furnishings at the- verylowest possible prices.You are cordially invited to inspectour merchandise, whether wishing tobuy or not"SAVE THE DIFFERENCEirTWIN BROS CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor. IsV !"aSSSsfSZBOKHSfflBS"iBrooks & SnappLOUISVILLE, KY., March 29.Another striking' bit of proof ofTrutona's remarkable recanstructivepoweis for overcoming after-eifectsof influenza, pneumonia and the Iikgis to be seen in t-he following- state-ment made recently hv Mrs. A. ffl !Franklin. Louisville woman, of 1359 IIIPreston street."After I had sufficiently recovered trom the 'flu' to get out of bed,"Airs. Franklin said, "I found that 1was very weak and a dizziness in my1'ead whenever I would walk rendert d me unfit to do any kind of work.I had been trouhled with constipation for several years before I contracted influenza.""Well, of course, I tried severaldifferent kinds of medicines for' mytroubles, but about the only result5I got from them were bills. Itteemed that nothing would do meany good. Finally I got a bottle ofTrutona and began taking it. liaddition to this I feel strong- andfind I can do more work than I'vebeen able to do for a long1 time.That's why I recommend Trutona."JiiFt as Mrs. Franklin did, thousands of people have found Trulonato be everything that is claimed foist as a reconstructive, agency system purifier and body invigorant, aswell as an unsurpassed combatantfor stomach, liver and bowel troubles, nervousness, sleeplessness, lossof appetite and the like.rrHewBpw Mm MExceptional Values ForEASTER SHOPPERSA l1est Wonderful Selection of Smartand Beautiful SpringShoes, Oxfords, PumpsNow Ready for Your Inspection.Come in and see the correct Spring Styles. - Youwill admire the style and quality and you will appreciate the great saving in price this economy storeoffers you.S-iSee These Specials Now otr SaleLadies' Smart Pumps and Oxfords in glazedkid and patent, beautiful high Louis heels;also tan-English Lace Oxfords.Worth $9.50Special at$6a95Ladies' New Pumps and Oxfords in kid andpatent, all styles low and high CEvi QOheels, $7.50 values, special at.. nraJLadies' $6.50 values Glazed Kid Pumj's andOxfords, high and low heels, fla CQSpecial at 3S53SPECIALLadies9 Tan and Black English jH-i -Lace Oxfords, $8,00 values, spe JkS MSciai at .......................................... iMisses' and Children's LaceOxfords, Strap Slippers andHigh Shoes, $4.50 values, .Special at $2.99Boys' and Youths' extra goodquality Dress Shoes, Englishor broad toe lasts, $6 values,Special $3.99 and $3.49Men's $6.00 Gun Metal Oxfords,. Goodyear-WeltSoles,"Special at $3.99nnrII i Men's Mahogany English and.lrr.lJAI. Wide Toe Lasts, also in Gun Metal$8.00 values, Special at; $5.99DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign &lA Irr 1ij.JP.JuVarden & Son's. (adv) . AfeiiJif i-. "'-'-iy ?lfWA jrUx sy.te'u-- - J,c..4 - - ih V." .- -' - - .'sr.u&r-c3SS3?vrTV?-rT SK??. Ml of.ItJ:,-4Z-S, ,J v -,-x "j; t" ik -fe.Druggists