JV", .. Arfi$ 'aAAVrr.ViTHE BOURBNEWSrW- t.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 27. 192GONGEN. HALDEMAN ANNOUNCESORPHAN BRIGADE REUNIONMembers of the Orphan Brigade,rcsidinir in this city and county, aswell a? other ex-Confederate soldiers, hcve received circular lettersfrom Gen. V. B. Haldeman, Commander of the Orphan Brigade, official announcing the cqming reunion to be held in this city on Sept.30. as follows:"Headquarters 'Orphan Brigade,'"Louisville, Ky., Aug. 20, 1920."Comrades The following communication has been received fromtlie Mavor and City Council of Paris,Kentucky- To this has been addedHip pv ess wish of many of the cit7o r.f Paris and Bourbon Countythat the Annual Re-union of the Orphan Brigade should be held in thaici thU year:"CITY OP PARIS,"Administrative Department."Gen. W. B. Haldeman,"Commander Orphan Brigade,"Louisville, Kentucky."The City Council of Paris, Ky..by unanimous vote extends to the'Orphan Brigade' an invitation tohold their regular Annual Re-unionm Paris. Kentucky, at such time asthe officers of the Brigade pnay select, and respectfully suggests thelast week in September as a verydesirable time to hold such meeting."Very respectfully,"E. B. JANUARY, Mayor."J. -ft". HAYDEN", City Clerk."Acting under the suggestion ofthe Administrative Department ofthe City of Paris, the regular annual meeting of the Orphan Brigadewill be held in Paris, Ky., September SO. 1920, and every member ofthe Orphan Brigade, upon arrivalat Paris will assemble at the CourtHouse, or at such place as may bedesignated by the Mayor of Paris, atthe hour of twelve, Thursday, September 30. 1920, there to be calledto order with, their regular business."The well-known hospitality ofthe good people of Paris and Bourbon county is. in itself, a strongappeal to the jmembers of the Orphan Brigade to gather and acceptthat hospitality. Further noaicewill b given in the press betweennow and the time of assembling atPari0?, as to the program laid out forour entertainment by the people ofBourbon County."W. B. HALDEMAN, Commander."THOP. . D. OSBORNE, AdjutantGeneral." PUBLIC SALE OP DESIRABLECITY PROPERTYWant a good home, a really desirable and modern home? Then conieio the sale of the Rion house, onSecond street, (now owned by B.Friedman), to-morrow, Saturday,Saturday. Aug. 28, at two o'clock,p. m. One of the best built homesin Paris. You'll have to see it toappreciate all its good points. Don'tfail to attend this sale. (It)FRANK&COLADIES' OUTFITTERS ,Early Fall ShowinofSuitsQoatsDresses "', - SkirtsyKv-Fall Styles of Hand MadevVoile and BatisteWaistsJust Received ,V ?'FRANK & CO.LADIESJ' OUTFITTERS(INTERURBAN PASSENGER ANDFREIGHT RATES INCREASEPatseiiger rates will be increased20 per cent and freight rates 15per cent by the Kentucky Tractionand Terminal Company on interurban railway fares, it was announcedyesterday. The company's linesconnect Lexington, Frankfort, Paris,"Versailles, Georgetown and Nicholasville. This is in addition to a recent increase made in connectionwith increases in street car fares incities where the company also hasthese.The increase in rates will not affect the package, rates of the interurban lines, and the mileage booksof the company will be sold hereafter on the same conditions os heretofore, with the same increase inprice that affects the ordinary passenger rates.This increase in rates affects allthe interurban lines radiating fromLexington.oKENTUCKY WOMEN WILL GETTO V0STE.Upon proclamation of adoption ofFederal suffrage amendment womenof Kentucky will automatically acquire the same suffrage right astmen without necessity of additionallegislation. This information wasfurnished Miss Alice Paul, Chairmanof the National Woman's Party.Washington, D. C, who inquired ofAttorney General Dawson whetherupon proclamation of the Federalsuffrage amendment by UnitedStates Secretary of State BainbridgeColby, women of Kentucky can voteon same terms as men without additional legislation.oTEN DOLLARS A DAY IS EMPTYCAR PRICE.- Intended to halt the practice ofholding coal and lumber on a sidingin waiting for a rise in price, therailroads announce an increase inthe demurrage rates to $10 a day onall open cars at the expiration ofthe two days' grace allowed for unloading. The measure, it is said,will pttt a damper on holding forspeculation, will expedite carhandling and improve the service.It is expected to aid materially inreducing coal prices.NEWSPAPER MAN TO HEADMILLERSBURG SCHOOLJ. Wilbur Lancaster, associate editor of the Georgetown News, has accepted the position of superintendent of -the Millersburg schools andwill leave with his family September 6, for his new post. Mi. Lancaster will continue his connectionwith the News, going to Georgetowneach Saturday.For several years Mr. Lancasterhas been in the internal revenue service and for nine years before thatwas a school teacher.A H.- r,RECEIVERS APPOINTED FORLOCAL CONCERNSC. L. Bell, recentlv of Paris t resident of the Bourbon Oil & Develop-!ment uo., and the Co-operative Land& Development Co., of Paris andLexington, which were recentlvplaced in the hands of a receiver byorder of Federal Judge A. M. J.Cochran, of Maysville. has been madjoint receiver with C. C. Bosworth.of Lexington, who was appointedby the Court, and will assist Mi.Bosworth in making: an annraise-pnent of the properties affected. Mr.Bosworth has qualified by furnishing: the reauired bond, but Mr. Bellhas not yet given bond, ahlioughlie win ao so tins weeK.Messrs. Bosworth and Bell havegone to Lee county to make an ap-1-roisementof the properties of thetwo companies located there, and,after an examination of them, ifthey find conditions favorable, willmake a lepoit recommending thatoperations be continued, accordingIp a message from Attorney J. A.Edge, of Lexington, who representsthe joint receivership.Several days ago the two companies, which are closely allied in abusiness way, suffered a fire whicidestroyed their power plant, thuscrippling their production. Twostrings of tools which have beendrilling in Lee county are now tiedup with "fiishing" jobs, and as thecompany did not have enough readycash to bridge over these difficulties,the receivership was precipitated bysoime of the stockholders. AttorneyEdge says tyiat the receivers arehopeful that the properties willbe found in such a promising condition that the companies will be permitted by the Court to go aheadwith their development work.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany was capitalized at $500,000, with the par value of the stockplaced at $1 per share. Of thisamount, it is said, about one-ialf ofihe stock was sold at prices rangingfrom 10 cents to as high as $2 pershare. The remaining 250,000shares Gf ihe stock is said to havebeen held for distribution as a stockdividend, and was being distributedas such. Aside from Mr. Bell, thePresident, and Mr. Sam Booth, a director, the other officers of theBourbon Company are said to benon-i esidents of Paris.The Co-opeiating Land & Development Company also maintainsoffices in Lexington and Winchester.It was organized January 8, 1919,with the .following board of directors ;. C. L. Bell, C. B. Mitchell;George W. Wilder, R. W. Strotherand H. S. Redmon, Paris. E. G.Buckley. Dainille, and W. M. Buchanan. The directors elected the following officers: C. L. Bell, president; C. B. Mitchell, vice-president,and H. S. Redmon, secretary-treasurer.Shortly after C. B. Mitchell.George W. Wilder, E. G. Buckleyand H. 3. Redmon severed their connection with ihe company.The Co-operating Land & Development Company is capitalized at$2,000,000, par value of the stockbeing $1 per share. Of this issue,it is said, 1,686,814 shares of thestock has been sold at prices rangingfrom 10 to 75 cents per share. Alarge amount of this stock, it is said,is also held by Paris and BourbonCounty people. Mr. C. L. Bell, islikewise president of this company.At the annual meeting of thestockholders January 12, 1920, thefollowing board of directors waselected: W. M. Buchanan, Myers:-r P. Thomas. Fred Weckesser, R.W. Strother, J. N. Teager, Paris,and F. M. Kerns, Carlisle. Tne omcers .elected were C. L. Bell, president; S. English, Lexington, vicepresident, and J. H. Stivers, Paris,secretary- treasurer.Numerous suits were filed bycreditors of the company in theBourbon Circuit Court. Attachmentswere issued against ihe furnishingsof Mr. Bell's home and were to besold by the Sheriff on August Courday, but the attachment was liftedwhen Mr. Bell paid the claim.Later they were again attached andadvetrised to be sold Septemb3rCourt day.The company -also operated a chainof stores for the sale of merchandise. It is stated that the appointment of a receiver for ooth companies was done at the request ofPresident Bell to 'stop litigation,which was hampering the operationand devslopment of tne two companies and destroying their assets.The capital stock of both companiesis owned principally by CentralKentucky investors.RUNAWAY BOY IS POUND.Paris police authorities have received information to the rffect thaiRaymond Snoddy, fourteen-year-oldboy of Advance, Greenup county, forwhom they had been asked to makea search in this vicinity, had beenfound and returned to his home.The boy, who' disappeared .mysteriously from his home three weeksago, was thought to have come tothis section of the State and thecity and county authorities were:sked to keep a lookout for him.The missing hoy was located byhis father, Andrew Snoddy, at apoint three miles from Logan, WestVirginia. The boy had ran awayfrom home and made his way tovLogan, where he had secured employment in carrying water for alocal contractor. He readily agreedto accompnay his father back home.He stated that he Jaad grown tired,of -Jhe routinelife" at home, andWanted to snake his own way in theCANTRILL WILL HEAD DEMOCRATIC ORGANIZATIONAt the personal request of Gov.James M. Cox, Democratic nomineefor the Presidency, Congressman J.Campbell Cantrill, of the SeventhKentucky District, has yielded to theimportunities of Chairman GeorgeWhite, of the Democratic NationalCommittee, and has accepted appointment as chairman of the organization department of the Democratic National Campaign Committee. Mr. Cantrill ) accepted the appointment and before night he hadhis office force organized and hiswork under way. South Trimble,former Congressman from Kentucky, and Joe Morris, who hasbeen with Congressman Cantrill asecretary for many years, have beeuselected as assistants.Mi. Cantrill, National Committeewomen from Kentucky, also will assist at the national headquartersin tne work of organizing the Democratic women, while at . the sametime paying special attention to thework of committee women in Kentucky.Mr. Cantrill will be in full chargeof the work of organization workat the branch headquarters duringthe campaign. It is the plan of Mr.Cantrill to work in complete harmony with the various State organizations and to use every effortto put the full strength of the National Committee behind the chairmen of the various States in theirwork for Democratic success.Mr. Cantrill has served as campaign chairman in Kentucky and realizes the advantages of close cooperation between State organizations and the National Committee.Tt was Mr. Cantrill's work in the organization of Kentucky for Governor Cox and his assistance in organizing forces which helped in largemeasure to bring about the Governor's nomination that caused hisselection to bead the work of organization for the National Committee. Those who know of Mr. Cartrill's success as an organizer feelcertain he will bring about the usualsuccessful results in the presentcampaign.oY. M. C. A. NOTESThe Ladies' Swimming Contestheld in the Y. M. C. A. swimmingpool, Tuesday, Aug. 24, was a greatsuccess, the best lady swimmerswere competing.Miss Emily Fithian was the highpoint winner, getting first in theseven following events: ,Two Minute Race, Young Girl'sRace, Back Dive, Running FrontDive, Crawl Stroke, Side Over-Armand Side Stroke.Mrs. Douglas Thomas, Jr., provedan Anmvtta Kellerman by winningthe plain front dive standing andthe plunge for distance.Miss Martha Collier and EdnaRose tied for first place in the breaststroke. Miss Rose also won first inthe original dive.Misses Virginia Cahal and VivianWallingford tied for first place inthe back stroke and candle race.Miss Anne Meglone proved herselfa speed marvef by winning theLadies' Race.Ruth Loveli took the cork racevery easily.Alter the meet all contestants andjudges were invited into the gymnasium for refreshments served by theLadies' Swimming Committee.SPECIAL PRICES ON ALL GASSTOVESSpecial prices on all gas stoves.Have yours put up now.(27-tf) A. F. WHEEIER CO.oTO RECEIVE VICTORY MEDALAPPLICATIONS.During the week of the BlueGrass Fair, August ?.0 to September 4, a special field clerk will be inthe Lexingtor army recruiting station to take applications of formerservice men for victory medal3.Every ex-soldier who comes to thjBlue Gras? Fair is requested- tobring his discharge along, so thathe will be able to make applicationfor the medal.Service men are invited by Sergeant Alger Hanks, in charge ofHie Lexington recruiting office, tomake his office their headquartersduring their stay in the city and toleave packages or other personalbelongings which they may not careto carry about with them, at theoffice.MARYLAND COMMISSION TOSTUDY KY. METHODSThe Maryland Racing Commissionwill go to Kentucky and New Yorkto study racing problems as theyare handled in those States.The membeis of the Commissionare anxious to, get a comprehensblelino of no ovefftm Vv wTiip.h rapinsris handled elsewhere, particularlyin Kentucky, where it is said to bemost practical and up-to-date. TheCommission will go to Lexingtonfirst where the Blue Grass StateCommission makes its headquarters.There they will make a study of thesystem employed to keep the Commission in touch with the variousrace tracks.The Maryland Commission is expecting to install a filing systemwhich will give them the same information that is in possession ofthe Jockey Clubs.The date for the Commissioners',departure has notyet been i set.ixtWti the PntYiTniRsirvn has COm-I pleted its Kentucky trip it will go'REPUBLICANS TO ORGANIZECAMPAIGN COMMITTEESRepublicans in Kentucky this fallwill be asked to enroll in one of theRepublican clubs to be organizedunder auspices of the RepublicanCampaign Committee in every precinct in the State.Establishment of a club bureau asis a part of the campaign organization was announced at Louisville byChesley H. Sarcy, chairman of thecampaign committee.The bureau, to be established immediately, will be in charge ofRichard C. Stoll, of Lexington. Hewill surround himself with numerous assistants, whose duty it will beto visit the various counties andiform county bureaus.A club may be organized underany name so long as the idea is conveyed it is a Republican organiza-on. Haidmg and Coolidge clubsalready have been organized in various counties throughout the State.PARIS BOY MAEING GOODDuring the absence of ManagingEditor James M. Ross, of the Lexington Leader, who, with Mrs. Ross,is taking a vacation at NiagaraFalls, "and "other points of interestin the East," Wayne Cottingham,imported from Paris to Lexington, isdischarging the duties as managingeditor.From his first entry into thenewspaper game Wayne Cotting-ham's progress has been steadilyupward. As a reporter on the staffof The Leader he has blazoned astar on his desk, and proved his fitness for the work. As permanentmanaging editor of The Leader thatpaper would gain, and Mr. Cottingham's promotion would be a wellmerited reward to a faithful andthoroughly good newspaper man.In this there is no disparagingMr. Ross's ability or desire to displace him, but if any emergencyshould arise causing a change inThe Leader's editorial management,we, feeling a personal interest inMr. Cottingham, are sure The Leaderwould naturally turn to him as pilotof the editorial ship.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanMAJOR DODGE AMONG RIFLEMATCH WINNERSMajor Victor Kenney Dodge, ofLexington, brother of James L.Dodge, of Paris, was among the goldmedal winners in the National individual rifle shooting toruna'ment, atCamp Perry, O., last week. Maj.Dodge scored 283 shots out of a possible 300, in a field of competitorsfrom all over the country.WE KNOW HOWREAL ECONOMYifINEE AL economy in clothesconsists not in spending the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that are"made of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full ofwear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value. .MMITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENKNIGHTS OP PYTHIASCHANGES IN RULESGrand Keeper of Records and SealJ. W. Carter, of the KentuckyKnights of Pythias, reports the proceedings in brief of the SupcenwLodge at Minneapolis the previousweek.Under the provisions of a newPythfan statute, boys of 18 may b 'admitted to membership. Heretofore the age minimum has been 21years.Under a new law, effective in sixty days, no more members may besuspended for non-payment of dues,but all fc.uch members are placed on"their honor with a period of proba-tion and if within a certain timethey fail to pay their dues, chargesare preferred and they are expell- -ed from the order.Multiplicity of cards for membersis avoided by the adoption of onegeneral card for each member, which -continueshis entire Pythian history.After June 30, 1921, no moraprinted rituals will be used in Pythian lodge rooms, one only being allowed to each lodge for purposes ofinstruction, the others all being incode or cipher. The semi-annualpassword is abolished and an annual vpassword substituted.Money paid by Pythian Knightainto the war reliof fund is to berefunded to them through theirGrand Lodges. Grand Keeper ofRecords and Seal Carter hopes thatall Kentucky members will donatetheir gifts refunded to the PythianHome fund.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND THE GRAND.To-day, Friday, August 27Mary Pickford, in her latest" jlay,"Suds;" Warner Oland and JQileenPercy, in "The Third Eye' SnubPollard Comedy, "All In a Day."Added attraction, Ruth Denice,singing and dancing.To-morrow, Saturday, August 28.Dorothy Dalton, in "Black IsWhite;" Harold Lloyd Ccpiedy, "HisRoyal Shyness." Added attraction,Ruth Denice, singing and dancing.Monday, August 20 "The Westerners," adapted from Stewart Edward White novel; BigV. Comedy,"The Rent Dodgers;" Pathe Reriew.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.UTTLEJOHN AT CARLISLEnMio T.ittlftiohn Carnival Companywell and favorably known in Paris.beaan a week's engagement m uar, lisle, Monday. This is their firstvisit to Carlisle in three years. Manyof Littlejohn's employes are fromCarlisle. The carnival company willbe in Paris, Sunnday, en route toWinchester, where they play a. week's engagement. The Royal ItaKian Band connected with the company will give an open air concertin front of the court house at fiveo'clock Sunday afternoon.CLOTHESCBLAKEMOREv'Ato New York. ,Ji1i" i3. Vft- r.world. rs. r30'-'fl'VV -.sr"rV' VfN,PAGE TWOTHK BOUKBOX NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYJ-HIDATr AUGUST JllMiv,-..Iffi BOURBON NEWSIWifclisfced 188139 Years of Continuous Publication1 JPiKuPaed Every Tuesday and Friday"Jfer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.vdstd at the Paris, Kentucky,Fostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecosd Class.)DEMOCRATIC TICKETTor Preidit,J&me M. Cox, of Ohio.for Vice Preiident,3PtsjiUIIn D. Roosevelt, New York..For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.2tar Judge of the Court of Appeals,"W. Rogers Clay.-QGS FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Sew York American Press Asso-feicago Lord & Thomas.Bsiladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.&.flanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Giaeinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Ecaisville Stark-Lowman Co.Any erroneous reflection upon thedkaraxter, standing or reputation ofrtiny person, firm or corporation"wfclcJi. may appear in the columns ofTKB BOURBON NEWS will he gladlyoacrectod if brought to attention of3fce- editor.ADVERTISING RATESH&i&plfey Advertisements, $1.00 per'HSach lor first time; 50 cents per inchck subsequent insertion.Reeding Notices, 10 cents per lino- wet issue; reading notices in blackvtype. 20 "cents per line, each issue.C&rdE of thanks, callB on candidiases, obituaries and resolutions, andttmiltr matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisev saests and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseived.A? xfcecline any advertisement or othertra.Her for publication.Announcements for political officesxnast invariably be accompanied byTEACH SCHOOL CHILDREN "HOWTO FIGHT H. C. L.As a new method of fighting the"Increase in the high cost of livingr.aj8d insuring economy in. the next'-generation, the school children of.Kentucky are to be taught thrift. along with reading, writing andJithmetic.Superintendent George M. Collin is co-operating with the Department of Justice in its fight againstthe high cost of living, and has endorsed the work of Mrs. A. H. More--tiead,of Lexington, State ChairpianXor Kentucky in the campaign, whozs visiting the county institutes and.-sxplaining to teachers how theymay help to bring down prices,Government bulletins having theendorsement of Superintendent ColTin are being distiibuted to teach---ersfor use as textbooks in thrift.Some of the points brought out inTf&e publication follows:It is the duty of loyal Americansto pioduce wealth as well as to con--JKimeit, and to give an honest day'swork for a fair day's wage.Each one must do his share to-produce the food, clothing, coal andraw materials for building andmanufacture for which the world is4n need.Wise buying and use is as essential as full production, and women,-who expend 90 of tho money invesled in food and clothing, should-try to get the best possible returnfor each dollar spent.Saving is essential to good citizenship, and a little should be saved'each day by buying only what we-really need and what gives bestvalue. iBetter spending will anean betterliving, better men and a bettereountry for us a'.!.Ue who nvs more than a fair-profit is as much an enemy of hiscountry as he who fires a bullet atJLts flag.JSach must do his part to bring-our country back to a condition,where food, clothing, fuel and shelter may be tad at a fair price.Food will stay high and make-other things as long as there are so--maay mouths to feed and so fewiaads 'producing food. This means-Jo the country boy, "Stay on theJFaipn," and to the city boy, "Seek, your fortune from the soil."If prices stay high we will all be1o blame because we have not pro4uoed more, used less, or both.o4ghe, trouble with so many at. theTjprifi crossing -Is that they ao netVysHsHtrnwCOX Off TRAIL OF REPUBLICANSLUSH FUND.DAYTON, O., Aug. 26. A requeston Will H. Hays, chairman of theRepublican National Committee, forinformation regarding Republicancampaign funds was made Sundaynight by Gov. James M. Cox, Democratic .Presidential 'candidate, whocame here Saturday from Columbus.Mr. Cox declared that Mr. Hays'statement Friday regarding Republican funds was not a reply to the Gov-,ernor's charges ihat the Republicanswere raising a fund of $15,000,000."I was very much gratified," saidMr. Cox, "that Mr. Hays made hisresponse but as I read his statementit's no denial. He says the irregularpreliminary 'estimate' is $3,000,000.That doesn't mean anything."I want Mr. Hays to tell us intohow many divisions the country wasdivided by the Republican managers.I want him to tell us how many subdivisions there are and what territories each covers, "and incidentallyI want him to tell what the quota wasthat was imposed on each district."He had spoken publicly oftenabout these quotas and the public isentitled to this information. TheSenate Investigating Committee will( insist on it, and why not have itnow?"I In addition to his statement Sunday night Mr. Cox said that in hisspeeches late this week he would dealfurther with the question of Republican finances. He has promised evidence to support his charges that$15,000,000 was the Republican "lowmark with the sky appaarently thelimit."The Governor Saturday received atelegram from Senator Reed, Democrat, Missouri, of the Senate Investigating Committee, regarding information to be given the committee.Mr. Reed said the committee wouldresume its inquiry Sunday in Chicago and that everything essentialwould be given "careful and thorough" investigation.That "a great deal of money is tobe expended outside of the Republican National Committee" fund wasstated by Mr. Cox in commenting onNew York newspaper reports of subscriptions to an alleged history byWilliam Barnes, Jr., New York Republican leader.Mr. Cox was informed of the denial made Monday night by SenatorWarren G. Harding, his Republicanopponent, of the $15,000,000 fundcharges. The Governor said that hehad no comment to make at this time.His statement calling on Mr Hays forinformation was made prior to hisknowledge of Mr. Harding's denial.BURLEY TOBACCO MEN MEETPreparation of constitution andby-laws and application for a chapter will be taken up to-day, whenthe first meeting of the oiganizationcommittee of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Association is held. Tnesession was called Saturday by Johnw. .Newmrn. of Woodford county,chairman. It will be held at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington.Thf members of the organizationcqmmittee, appointed and approvedin the convention of tobacco growers of three States held last Wednesday, are: John W. Newman,and E. M. Mansfield, Carrolton, exofficio members; David Prewitt,Clark county: Victor Bradley, Scottcounty; T. B. Hill, Montgomerycounty; Martin L. Harris, RisingSun, Dearborn county, Tnd., and O.C. Chapman, Clermont county,Ohio.The committee, according to itschnirmp.n and members, intends torush the perfection of the organization of the association. It is generally realized among growers thatunless the association is in full operation with its estimated 50,000members before ' snow flies and theloose leaf market opens, thousandsof growers will be crushed in thelatter days of the rales season, aswell as during the opening weeks.A census of the 1920 Burley cropand formation of plans for a systen -a tic reduction of tobacco acreage in1921 are the first two big steps tobe taken by the association. In theopinion of leading growers it is absolutely necessary that a census ofthis year's tobacco crop be taken.A banner production of tobacco islooked for and the manufacturersere known to be already overstocked in certain giades. Unlessthe census is taken and a planworked out whereby the 1920 tobacco crop can be placed on the market inamounts small enough to bedigested without choking and theresultant downward trend in prices,disaster is sure to follow, well-informed tobacco men say.o ,HOUSE AND CONTENTS BURNEDA frame house on the farm of J.Frank Clay, on the Winchesterpik occupied by Thos. Myers andlamily and E. B. Richards, wasdestroyed by fire, together with alliis contents. The fire originated ina clothes closet and was beyond control when discovered. The loss isabout $2,000 on the residence, whilethe loss of personal propeity to theoccupants amounts to about 1,000.oPREWITT FAMILY REUNIONThe annual reunion of the Prewittfajmily, will be held at Oil Springs,in Clark count, on August 2P.The reunion, as customary, willtake the form of an ,all-day meeting, with dinner served picnic fashion. The meeting of this year promises to be the best attended held inyears. Many of the Prewitt descendants reside in this county.0TBOURBON WOMAN, INJUREDMrs. Russell Soper, of near LittleRock, sustained cuts and bruisesabout the face and neck, in Winchester, while driving on Mainstreet in her auto. The machine'swheels caught in the street catracks, throwing Mrs. Soper againstthe windshield. The car was slightlydamaged, and was sent to a garage!for repairs.INTERESTING COAL STATISTICSIN REPORTWASHINGTON, Aug. 26. Theaverage cost of a ton of bituminouscoal, on cars at the mine's mouth, is$2.76.The average selling price of a tonof soft coal, by the operator, f. o. b.the mine, is jus,t 50 cents more, or$3.26.Yetoday the retail price, of coal,even in cities adjacent to mine districts, runs from $8 up principally up. Here in Washington, today,for instance, it is $9.75, if you canget it. Often, before one can get it,he must tip the quoted price by 50cents or $1 a ton.Using the Washington price as abasis for comparison, however, it isseen that the price to the consumeris just three times the average priceat the mines.Transportation and middlemenhave swallowed twice as much as wasrequired to pay miner who dug it,buy the supplies necessary for itsmining, pay a bank value to the mineowner and allow him a marqin ofprofit.The costs given are not those of asingle non-representative district, butthe average costs of representativeoperators in All districts.The average labor cost in producing a ton of soft coal, the FederalTrade Commission's figures show, is$2.04. The average cost of minesupplies is 31 cents per ton and theaverage of other general expenses 41cents.The average price received by theoperator, as shown by 812 returns,is $3.25 per ton, ranging from $2.92in Michigan, Iowa and Kentucky, to$3.68 in Missouri, Kansas, Texas,Oklahoma and Arkansas, in the central competitive field, includingIllinois, Indiana, Ohio and the Southwest district of Pennsylvania, thesales realization figure is $3.02 aton, and in West Virginia, Virginiaand the J central Pennsylvania district $3.51 per ton.The explanation given by many retail coal dealers is that they are having to pay from $6 to $8 a ton forcoal at the mines.These mine prices are not shownon the returns to the Federal TradeCommission.The returns do show that neitherthe costs of producing coal nor theaverage of selling prices at the minesjustifies the present prices exactedfrom the consumer.There is a dark man in the coalpile somewhere! But no case ofdrastic prosecution for coal profiteering has yet been announced by thepress bureau of the Department ofjustice.Now the department announcesthat it is going over the FederalTrade Commission's report, extracting data upon which to base instructions to district attorneys coveringthe filling and prosecution of coalprofiteering cases. And a specialcommittee of investigators may benamed. vAll of which, of course, means pieior tne proirceer and pay for the publie.While the new commission "in-.vestigates, winter will come. Thewinter's supply of coal will have to bebought.SHRINERS' MEET TO BE BIGAFFAIR.Illustrious Potentate M. D. Royse.is receiving practically each day anumber of names of persons fromother lodges a1io will be in Winchester for the Shriners' Ceremonial,which will be held on Labor Day.The numbpr of candidates has increased wonderfully and other applications are being received dailyand from present indications theclass which will trod the "hotsands" on this occasion will be oneof the largest in Central Kentucky.All Novices, according to the program will be required to meet atthe Fraternity buliding in the morning no later than te.n o'clock andfinally place their application.Lunch will be served the Novices ii.the Fraternity building in the mornThe parade will form in front ofthe Fraternity building at 1:30o'clock for the march to the Caravan of Mecca where the degree willbe eonefrred. At 6 p. m., a banquetwill be served by the ladies of thoFirst Methodist church at thechurch building on South Mainstreet to all Nobles and their ladies.A reception dance will be given nt8 p. m. All visiting metubers ofthe lodge are extended a cordial invitation to be present for the Ceremonial and the other entertainmentswhich -will be offered.Large circulars have been mailedto all members of the Olekia Templeinviting them to be present for theCeremonial and to bring theirbrother members with thejni.WILL DIVIDE 'LARGE ESTATEAMONG HEIRS.The will of Wm. Fitzgerald, whodied at his home near Centervillc,ih is county, several days ago, was;id mit tod to probate Friday in theCounty Court before County JudgeGeorge Batterton. The estate, whichi. valued at about $80,000, is to bedistributed between Mr. Fitzgerald's two sisters, Mis. Mollie Sweeney and Mrs. Margaiete Byron, histwo brothers, John and Joseph Fitzgerald, and the children of his deceased .sister, Mrs. Delia Welsh.No pftrt of the estate was left tothe children of his deceased brother,Thomas Fitzgerald, as, according tothe testator, they had already received all he wished to leave them.John Fitzgerald was named as executor. Mr. Fitzgerald accepted thetrust, and qualified by furnishingbond in the sum of $80,000. Papershave been filed in the office of Circuit Cerk Wm. H. Webb by' theheirs ofThoraas Fitzgerald, askingthat the will be set aside. 'Perjiaps the price of milk willLhave to be raised again becausei here is so much grass that tho cowsare overworked trying to- eat itHISPECIAL NOTICF Dr. FrederickJacobson says that phosphates arejust as essential to any woman whotires easily, is nervous or irritable,worn out or looks haggard and pale,to make a stroncr, robust vigorous,healthy body, as they are to makecorn, wheat or any vegetable plantgrow strong and healthy. The lackof phosphate is the cause of all enemic conditions and the administralion of 5-grain Argo-Phosphate Tablets will increase the strength andendurance 50 in a few weeks timein jmany instances. Dispensed byBrooks & Snapp Drug Co. (adv)oNOTIFY US IMMEDIATELYSubscribers to THE NEWS av-Iiodo not get their papers promptlyshould notify this office immediately of such failure. This applies toeveryone whose name is on the mailing list of THE NEWS. Call eitherphone 124.When you subscribe for THENEWS it is our wish that you get acopy of every issue that comes offthe press. You are entitled to itand you should hae it. But if yoursubscription has expired you maymiss the paper, so be piojmpt in renewing. We use all possible precautions in mailing papers, but occasionally something beyond our control happens.LISTEN !Complete you homo with one otour Pianos, Player Pianos or uaDinet Talking Machines. We do notonly guarantee our instruments, butadjust anything that may at sometime be required.We do this, as our renresentative.Mr. Geis, is a factory experiencedjman, having spent a number ofears in factories manufacturinghighest grade musical instruments.We do tuning and repairing of allkinds, also handle latest Music Rollsand Records.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,J. B. GEIS, Representative.(aug6-tf-F)ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1921. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and in-fit" ,.. . ..,, w -n t t,Deputies.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOHN H. DOTY, of Paris, as a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county,subject to the action of the Depiocratic party at the primary electionin August, 1921.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner ol Bourbon County,wilh VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate -for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax CommissionerIn Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.,brighter;EVENINGSJust HistoryIn J76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on.How time does nassHeT home was litBy flickerine; Gas.But the srirl of to-avWho wants her home bright,Jusf presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light. '-.' 2ik.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(UcdrWattd)Boy WantedBoy wanted to learn a good business. Age from 16 to 20. Inquireat THE NEWS office. (24-tf)Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the-day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.Free CindersCall at Ice Factorj- for all thecinders you want free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.Agent WantedLady or gentleman agent in theCity of Paris for Watkins Famous m Ci'.y Time. .For further informaProducts. Known everywhere. Big tion, consult Local Ticket Agent.profits. Write iJ. R. WATKINS CO., !55, Memphis, Tenn.(10-4t)Feathers For Sale.A large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.For SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20tf) Lexington, Ky.Miss E. D. GiltnerTeacher of Piano and ViolinReturns Again to Paris,Monday. September 6, 1920.Summer Address,,171 North Ashland Street,Lexington, Kv.(augl3-4t-F)LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FARE$1.13 Paris to LexingtonAccount Blue .Grass FairTickets on sale August 29th to September 3rd and for 3trains scheduled to reach Lexington before noon Sept. 4th.Tickets good for return to reach Paris before midnight September 6th.For further . detailed information, apply to local ticketagent.Fine Country Home For Sale !Country home, of 28 acres, located on DeCoursey pike, 10 miles southof Cincinnati in Kenton County, Ky., an old colonial brick house of 11rooms, splendidly built, all timbers were hand hewn frcpn finest oldhard wood; walls 18 inches, making coolest house in summer warmestin winter. Lower floor has reception hall parlor, living room dininroom, breakfast room, butler's pantry, and a large lovely screened-inporch, with screened panels which can be removed in winter Secondfloor has two guest rooms ad three otter family bed rooms," sleepingporch size of two rooms. Water in iHtphpn hv fru-na t.. . , . . . Kiicnen oy torce pump; two cisternsat house and two at barn; one never-failing well covered with wellhouse, and that covered with rambler roses. Yard has hrs 2? kindoof shrubbery and hardy plants. Private drive leading from pike tobarn. A hedge of roses and peonas borders this lovely drive One ofthe most magnificent views from house overlooking the beautiful vallevof the Licking River, and ten minutes ride from Latonia by auto alsten minutes walk to our station on K. a R. Beautiful grounds withtwo acres for garden, double tennis court, summer house, two cottagesfor servants. Poultry house and netting yard, peaches, apples, plums,grapes, asparagus.Pasture has never-failing pond fed by springs. Some woods, butmost all farm in grass and hay. Lrge barn with basement and granery. Basement has six box and nine single stalls. Upper floor is suitable for hay or tobacco, also room for autos and machinery. If youare looking for an ideal country home and one which will be a profitable one, write or phoneMISS MOLLIE PYE,The Pines," R. P. D. 3. Latonia, Kentucky.tIt's Real LimestoneWith That Red Clay SubsoilA SECTION OF ITs Burley tobacco, grain, grass and stock farm, with less than 10acres waste land. Abundance never-failing springs. Fenced. Onpike 6 miles from steam and interurban station; one mile from bofttlanding: 16 miles above Louisville; church and school on farm; sixhouses; four large tobacco barns; three stock barns; four concrete stoneand two wooden silos; feeding capacity 210 thousand pound ( steers.Growing crops show quality of soil. Large acreage tobacco 1919, averaged 1.800 lbs. a dry year. Visit farm and talk with the many contented Kentuckians, who have purchased land in community. UntilSeptember 2, priced at $175 per acre. Under certain conditions soldin separate tracts. Write, telephone or telegraph owner.-r ?I.It, rjt. 1, CHAMJESTOWN,WantedStudents, age 19 or over, wtfX.Eighth grade education or-better forPower Laundry Course. A co-ope-lativesystem of education; the student earns v.hile he learns. Fitted after two years training for ajob at a fair salary in profitable andestablished trade with excellent opportunity for rapid advancement.First-class living conditions whiletraining with a wage that is partlyself-supporting. Address Ohio Mechanics Institute, Cincinnati, O.(augl7-4t)EXCURSIONCincinnati, O.and returnvia$2.35 L. & N.Sunday, August 29,$2.351920Special train will leave Paris at8: 20. a. m., returning, will leaveFourth Street Station. Cincinnatifi-30 n. m. 'Standard Time. 7rSft nService Taxi Co.(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. R. MASTERS0N, Prop.Both 'Phones 204.Taxi and Truck Service Day andNight.Will Run One Car Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. I.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg 11:40 a.m.Leave Millersburg 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,' 128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)- y. v -i r,?'Vw--:v'V' I -VJlStSrVs -,csct, t&n'"tIPHIDAY, AUGUST 27, 1S20'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY .new way xo JK.aep xnoFamily in Perfect HealthDuring last fall and winter the discovery was made that the most successful treatment in many instanceswas to take a steaming hot cupful ofBulgarian Blood Tea with the juiceof half a lemon. The entire systemresponds to the increased blood circulation. Fatal poisons are eliminated from the bowels and the kidneysare flushed of all impurities. Bulgarian Blood Tea relieves and correctsconstipation, indigestion, sour, gassygtomach, kidney and liver ailments.The Flame of Life is Rekindled.The Vital Spark is strengthened andthe Blood becomes Strong and Pure.It is also well to remember thatBulgarian Blood Tea is the most dependable medicine to fight colds,grippe, flu or pneumonia. Go to yourdruggist or grocer today and ask forBulgarian Blood Tea.aUN BENUHGES STATE REGISTRY OFBIRTHSLegislation creating in each Statethe office of legistrar of vital statistics, upon which would devolve responsibility for obtaining the registration of all births and deaths, isproposed in a report of the Committee on Vital Statistics submitted tothe National Conference of CommisMoneis on uniform State laws insession -in St. Louis. Such statisticsare -declared essential properly toenforce child labor, workjmen's compensation and universal militaryservice laws.As a general thing, a radical is aperson who wants a new deal everytime somebody else gets a high card.I" AT 77NQWTELiS SECRETCouldn't Eat a Square Meal ForSeven Years Spent a Fortune t On vHealthSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere. 'hiit.j v ,'mu uuucyiuwu trip as guest atthe Meteer home. lThe following from Bourbon,county were guests at the luncheongiven by Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Hutsellat their recently-completed homein Richmond: Mr. and Mrs. ClaudeSpears, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Spears,Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Wilmott.(Other Personals on Page 5)oBOURBON PEOPLE AT BOONES-BORO.The next timeyou huy calomelask forThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c"I wouldn't be without Tanlac ifit cost five dollars a bottle." saidB. H. Anderson, of 235 Ludlowstreet, Cincinnati, Ohio.Mr. Anderson, or "Uncle" Ben,"as he is called by his many friends,although now seventy-seven years ofage, does not look to be past sixtyand says since taking Tanlac he !feels as well as he did at the ageof sixteen. He was a resident ofBatavia. Clermont county, Ohio, forseventy-two years, was a blacksmith at Summer Side, Ohio, forthirty-five irs and is highly es- Jteemed by all who know him."For the past eleven years," said'Uncle Ben,' "I had been suffering tterribly with my stomach. I wasunder treatment a number of timesand spent a small fortune" trying toget well. I suffered from what wascalled acute Indigestion, and forseven years I wasn't able to eat asquare meal, lived mostly on milkand toast and if I ventured to eafcsomething a' little heavy I simplysuffered agony with pains in mystomach and chest. Even the lightest food made me sick. I was alsobadly constipated and had sickheadaches. I had to give up mywork, as it was all I could do to getaround, just couldn't walk any distance without getting dizzy andWould have to sit down to keepfrom falling. Why, people thoughtI was going to die, for I just suffered day and night and couldn't evenget out of the house."I started taking Tanlac fiveyears ago and in a few days got soI could eat just anything. It simplymade me feel fifty years youngerand to-day I feel as well as I didwhen I was a 'boy. Since I begantaking Tanlac I have actually gained forty pounds in weight and amheavier than I ever was in my life.I would not be without Tanlac if itcost five dollars a bottle and I justcaji't say too pnuch for it."Tanlac is sold in Paris at Peoples' Pharmacy. (adv)WILSON CALLS MEETING OFWORLD LEAGUE.Mrs. Charles C. Leer continuesvery ill at herhome near Paris.Warren Rogers has returnedfrom a ten-days' sojourn at Olyjmpian Springs.Judge and Mrs. Denis Dundonare visiting friends and relatives inSt. Tenuis ATiRKmiriTWre Toeco pQca hoo T-riH ' Boonesboro bathintr beach is comfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. W. S. , inS in for a larSe share of patronEarly wine, near Carlisle. r,se from Bourbon county peopleMrs. W. S. Chappell, of Seventh I during these sultry August days andstreet, is visiting her sister, Mrs. j nights. The cottages are filled withAilce Payne, in Maysville. campers and many are on the wait-Mrs. Wade Hampton Cooper, of j ing list. The newly installed elecWashington, D. C, is a guest of Mr5. t"c lights have made bathing veryiteynoms jetton, at ner home near . yupujar. Among tnose campinFans.-Mr. and Mrs. Charles E." Butler,there at the present time are thefollowing from Bourbon county:A LITTLE VACATIONv- "rJUVHMHKcJr., and children, of Bellvue,, Ky., j Earl McClain, Henry Allen, J. Ferare guests of Paris friends and rela-, ris Adams and Miss Roberta Adams,tives.Judge Ernest Martin and Walter Martin are attending the LaurelCounty Fair, in progress this weekat London.Miss Rebecca Purnell is visit-1 Summer is on the wane, schoolsmg Masses Alice and Elizabeth I will soon be open, and any vacationBarbour, at St. Mathews, near schemes which have not been accomLouisville. I nlished must be srone about, with nut.William V. Montague has le- delay or beore ,t mm& possibleafter a visit to his cousin, Miss Ada fal1 will be here, with its inevitaBramel, in this city. i ble retlirn to the steady grind.Bryan Williams, of Paris, will ' Tt is 3 ate for the defrauded orleave to-morrow for Rocky Mount, neglected vacationists to plan i forNorth Carolina, where he will be on 'any extensive tiip, but not too latethe local market buying tobacco. 'for taking shorter trips, by trolleyMr. and Mrs. Silas E. Bedfoid or automobile, out into the countryand children Sara Louise Bedford near hQme There ig as much foQaana onas m. jtsearoru, jr., are ai vu- . n1Poqanf PvnPriPTifP for u-nvdun, Ky., on a two-weeks' campaign ' l01 Pleasant experience, tor iww&& koILJ!v-Z.-7& 3trip.Mr.Charles H. Kuster andand refreshing thoughts, m theseneaier beauty spots as in the highlychildren, have returned to Iheir ."dvertised lesorts tar away. It ishome near Paris after a visit to t the newness that counts, not thefriends and relatives in Lexington size or distance or cost.President Wilson has issued a callfor the first meeting of the Leagueof Nations, but the document willnot be made public by the UnitedStates, the State department announced .The President has foi--ardedthe call to the secretary ofthe League of Nations, throughwhom it will be issued, it was announced.jw4txf'wi:itriiiiiiiiiiiti:iiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiiiiniiniiiiiiiiimiiniinmiininim ninmimmiimimiiriiimiiiiiiiniiiiniWilliam K. Haqan (yybNAexhitect. &- Engineer.Paci, Ky.fie..-t National, bankiI.',ii);UIIliit:;M.I!ill!iai)iil!li;ill!llii!i!i:il!lli!lllll!lll!llil!illlli!lMllllillill!!llllllllli!lllllllllilllllllllllll!llllUiUrgj'-Tr!- t- SSSl'MlSMHlim7iAnd Now ve are Making Contracts ForFallPaintingOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.- !" NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.and NicholasviWe.Mrs Nannie Clay Howard andlittle daughter, Estella Clay, havereturned to their home in Akron, 0.,after a visit to friends and relativesin this city and county.The Paris party who have beenin camp at Little Current, Canada,for the past three weeks, have ieturned, after having spent a mostenjoyable time fishing and hunting.Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howaidand daughter, Miss Susan BakerHoward, of Paris, and Mr. and Mrs.Ed. O'Dear and son, Robert O'Dear,of Lexington, are making an automobile trip through Ohio, Indianay.nd Kentucky.Mrs, D. C. Parrish, who recently underwent a surgical operationat the Good Sapnaritan Hospital, inLexington, has been brought to thePetree Sanitarium, on Vine street,in this city, for a few days befoiereturning to her home. Mrs. Parrish is greatly imporved.Misses Tillie and Lucy Ferguson are entertaining a week-endbouse party at the home of theirparents, Mr. and Mrs. Volney WFerguson, near Paris, composed ofMisses Bebecca Payne, Maria GayPayne, Eleanor Payne, Nell Clayond Margaret Hill.Fred Batterton, of Manila, P.1., is a guest of his brother, CountyJudge George Batterton, and otherrelatives in the city and county. Mr.Batterton has been in the Philippines six years as inspector of fibrefor the U. S. Navy. He was thirtylour days in crossing the Pacificfrom Manila to San Francisco.Mr. and Mrs. D. Watts, of Florence, Ky., are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Robert Meteer, at their home nearParis. Mr. and Mrs. Watts arenewly-weds, and on their honevmoon trip, this being the groom'sthird matrimonial venture, andA summer in Europe or in one ofthe great national parks is a finething. But two houis a day, or twodays a week, or two weeks altogether, spent under th. trees oralong the streams near borne, arenot so bad, and he who missed a bigouting will find, healing to mind,body and spirit in the little trip.After all. half a loaf is better thanno vacation.i.iWRbilUjtP,COPYR1GHT1916 BYTHE ELECTRIC STORAGE BATTERYCO.Bourbon Exide ServiceStationAnother handicap the comic cartoonists labor under is that the floorsweeping machines are less handythan a broom for a lady to hit heihusband with. , ,miMtin ii ii hi mi '209 MAIN STREETPHONE 3Q7MKiklHAIIIIUIIIIPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedon until yon have tried Dr. Waddell'sPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to give absolute satisfaction ormoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourdruggist If not write us.ILLIMedicmeCaythsGirtteKkB0DRINKBROOKS & NAPP,Paris, KentuckyOERTELSPOUBIE-MRKThe Drink that Leaves a Pleasant Memorys Have it in your home at all timesThe OERTEL Co., Louisville, Ky.Incorporated. ;Makers of Oertels Double Dark, Oertels Dark and OerteatoOghtMartin Chemical Co., Distributors, Winchester, Ky.Till Aug 27-F)ftHome Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKY2SSZ15 t'miiliti-g-nm,ni,iiilifiiniwiii-raiiigitiiiimimiiAttention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, givenup by all fek ice builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Oflfct OMMitttcis TaImccoCumberland Prion 197Homo Phono 257;For Fifty Years Outfitters for Kentucky's Men and BoysV x'IfI-S'-SK1iii'-VijWhen You Come to LouisvilleYou will find a wonderful stock in these stores, the very latestand best fashions inClothing, Hats, Shoes; Underwear, Shirts, NeckwearAll goods of quality at standardized prices.Look Into Crutcher & StarksCrutcher & Starks is a genuine Kentucky institution onethat has furnished and outfitted the men and boys of Kentucky for fully fifty years, yet a modern, up-to-the-minute,organization for merchandising. Tremendous stocks.Branch Store at the Seelbach HotelMailOrdersIf you don't come toLouUviUe you can bftffureMail Orders will be given. initant attention.A COMPLETE BOYS' STORE AT FOURTH AND JEFFERSON (ON THIRD FLOOR)2he Store SiQitdardizedVaiaes(pCHERi&lARKSFOURTH AND fc JEFFERSONGranville ft. Burton fonsLOUISVILLE- The Metropolis of KENTUCKYMailOrdersFor the convenience ofout-of-town customers wemaintain an unusual,palnataklng Mail Order Iservice.t?A Stmtowide Kentucky IrMtmtion:hYAfKd Iit;;' -.V.41'.(, ''' -I s 'O ITK."L ! vxvpagi not-rnBOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYsCLXAOTG LA3TDKAHK MADE FA-M0TJS1N STOEYRazing this week of the cupola onthe old church pX Ripley removed alandmark of antebellum days madefamous by the story of "Uncle Tom'sCabin." It becapie unsafe and wastorndown by workmen who are nowbuilding a belfry to inclose the silev-The building formerly was theproperty of the Presbyterian congregation of which the Rev. John RanJiins was pastor, and who, withinember3 of the church is said tohave concealed a number of slavesfor safe keeping until they could beFent JSTorth to a place of safety. Itwas there, it is claimed, that "UncleTom" found a friend in the Rev. Mr.Rankins and was shielded from slavetraders until after the emancipationproclamation was issued by President Lincoln.The Presbyterian congregationlater sold the edifice to the Christian church, which still worchipsjthere. It is said Rev. Mr. Rankinshad used the cupola as a lookout opjz. number of occasions, as it commanded a view of the Kentucky-hill.NEW RED CROSS BUTTONThe Red Cross button for thefourth roll call is a lithographmetal button similar to the one usedlast year, the figures 1921 beingsubstituted for 1920. It is hope&that the button will be generallyworn during the coming roll call,-lor there is no factor of the enrollment of jmembers more helpful thartthe universal display ot the RedCross emblem. Chapters and chapter workers are urged to see thatevery member enrolled at the coming roll call is provided with andwears the 1921 Red Cross button.FREE! EREE! EREE! GOLD TOBE GIVEN AWAY.Don't fall to attend the publicsale of the Friedman property onSecond street, and participate in thedistribution of gold that is to begiven away immediately after thesale on Saturday, August 28, at 2:00p. in.A Good Shave!Do you sliate yourself? We sellall the fixins.Rubberset Shaving Brushes thatwe warrant not to shed their bristles. The prices are from 40c to$2 50 each.Safety Razors all the good ones.Gillette Safety Razor $5.00Auto-Strap Safety Razor . . . . 5.00Gem Safety Razor 1.50Durham-Duplex Safety Razor. 1.50Ever-Ready Safety Razor . . . . 1.50Full stock of blades for all makes.Shavinff ScansColgate's Stick and Cream .Williams' Stick and Cream .Mennen's Shaving Cream. .Colgate's Shaving Powder .William's Shaving Powder .Palmoline Shaving Cream .Tiy a bottle of Shea's. .35c..35c..50c. .35c..35c..40cAfter-Shave, an excellent application after shaving.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. iDelphi Hughes, Etc., PlaintiffsYfe. Notice of Sale.'8am Hughes, Etc., .T. . .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of -sale rendered atthe June tenm, 1920of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above&tyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onSaturday, Sept. 11,1920, at the front door of the CourtTiouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at about ithe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell !at public auction to the highest and"best-bidder the following describedproperty:That certain tract of land situated in the village of Little Rock,Bourbon "County, Ky and boundedas follows:Beginning at a stone in the IconWorks road 15 feet from the southside thereof, in John Robbins' oldline, corner to Peter Banta's heirs:then-S. 36 S. 9.66 poles to a stonein Banta and Wilson's old store lotin the margin of said road; thenwith a line of said lot, N. 52 E.12 poles to a stone, corner to saidWilson; then N. 36 W. 9.66 polesto Peter Banta's corner; then S52 W- 12 poles to the beginning Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bonds,with good, and approved surety forequal, parts of "the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom ' date of sale respectively andfcearing interest at the rate of sixpercent (6-) per annupn from dateof sate until paid, said bonds to havethe force, and effect of judgments.Said sale is made tor the purposeof a 'division among the parties interete. .0. T. HINTON, .Master Commissioner B. C. C.EDITORIAL ITINGS' AT THISTHAT IT TOTHERWe suspect that many a husbandwho doesn't know any more than touse the guest towel will presume totell his wife how to vote.xMighty funny it's so hard to geta load of coal into the cellar thesedays when the cellar hold so muchattraction for everybody else.It may be better late than never,but what do we gain by finding outin August from Washington statistics that prices declined in July?Bernard Schmedes, Cincinnati policqman, suspended for refusing towash towels, evidently did notwant to be classed with the Prohibition candidate.With everything else going up it.is not surprising that an Americancontestant in the Olympic gamesshould have to jump higher thanusual this year.A Muncie, Ind., man claims hefound the word "Harding" spelledin the lind of an orange he hadeaten. We'll agree to swallow thatstory if the Muncie man will swallow the rind!- -The "added attraction" at theOpera House some days ago whogave a "forecast of the future ofParis" neglected one very importantthing in her "forecast." She did nottell us who will be the next Mayor.& tGeorgetown News, in commentingon the game between Centervilleand Newtown teams, says: "In thebeginning of the fourth inning Sallee knocked a two-bagger, andscared a runner for Newtown." Verynaturally. Scared is fclie proper word,judging by the way the runnerpulled for the home plate.An English artist, E. O. Hoppe, isin this country to make portraits ofthe five most beautiful Americanwomen. It is said that he will notcome to Paiis, Ky., for fear heshould be tempted to complete hisquintent here to the utter chagrin ofall the rest of the country. Hewouldn't have to go any further inis search for models.)One of the most ardent defendersof "the good old days" in Paris saysthat, even though these are prohibition days in Paris, you will find inthe restaurants and hotels of thecity that the corn is stewed, thebeets are pickled, the knife has anedge, the plate has a bun, the mackrel is soused and the tables are full.a. iooiisn .Fans woman has saidthat what Paris ;men need is morebrains or more active brains, rather.We beg to differ with the foolishlady. The men of Paris are just asbrainy as those of any other place,but some of them are constitutionally opposed to promoting active usoof their muscles. Perhaps the foolish lady has one of that sort.3Editor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury, made an auto trip toParis this week, searching for anidle linotype operator He was unsuccessful in that, but had thepleasure of making a thoiough inspection of the roads beaween Millersburg and Paris, and findingMain street in 'Paris not quite sorough as on previous visits. We'rpbound to ;et right after a while,Wairen! . . -- --.- -.Lexington Herald's society pagecarried a note with the heading,"Keep The Bacon Burning," thebody of the itepi relating to a fundbeing raised to erect a memorial tuthe memory of Dr. Anna HowardShaw, who "held aloft the bacon tolight women's way to political liberty," etc. As between bacon andbeacon, we prefer the "bacen, witheggs on the bide, but the cook neednot "keep the bacon burning."Automobile drivers are promptlyarrested in Georgetown, Shelbyville,Danville and a number of otherCentrar'Kentucky towns for violating the law by driving with out-outsopen. But how about Paiis? Andalso, why not put a ban on thoseglaring headlights on the interurbancars? It would benefit the publicvery (much if those lights were dimmed while going through the streetsof the city.A handsome young Paris busines-5woman recently lost her purse, containing a sum of money and, of infinite more value, her vanity caseand, of course, mourned the loss asbeing almost irreparable. Whenasked by her employer why shedidn't advertise for it, she said shedidn't think there was much chanceanyone being honest enough to return lost money. But the next daythe purse was found and brought tothis office, where it was recognizedand returned to the owner. Still, itwas a kind of advertising that didpay.A porch party assembled at aPleasant street home the othernight discussed among other thingsformer camping trips. The ups -anddowns, the pleasures and mishaps ofcamp life passed the ordeal of verbal dissection. One of the party, ayoung bachelor, injected his opoinion as follows: "Everybody is always talking about 'God's great outdoors, and wishing they could spendmore time there. I have heard" itNOTES OF THE LODGES.f Paris- Lodge of JRebekas held' aninteresting' and enjoyable meetinglast night in their lodge rooms. The69 th anniversary of the RebekahDegree of Odd Fellowship will occur on September 20, and will beappropriately observed by the Parislodge.Several ca-ndidates received theadvanced work at the meeting ofRathbone Lodge, K. of P., held lastnight.At the recent meeting of Bourbon Lodge 1. O. O. F., the SecondDegree was conferred on J. O. Marshall, Edgar "Smylie" Dodge, JamesWilliams and James E. Downing.One petition for (membership wasreceived. Candidate Marshall received the Second Degree of thework oyer two years ago.Reports from the subordinatelodges of the Odd Fellows in Kentucky show a gain of 1,700 membersduring the past six months. Thereare yet 75 lodges 1o hear from.The girls' orchestra of the I. O. O.F. Home have returned from their rtrip through Southetstern Kentucky, where they played at manycities in the interest of the endowment fund. The girls report a veryfine trip Figures show that themore than $30,000 was raised on thetrip for the fund.The Knights of Pjthias are emphasizing good citizenship and goodgovernment among its members andalso the teaching of the children ofthe country love for the flag andthe real maning of Americanism.Much publicity through the use ornewspapers throughout the countryis aiding the movement.Cynthi-Anna Temple of PythianSisters was instituted at Cynthianalast week, with twenty-five ladiesand thirty-five knights as chartermembers:, by Mrs. Dena Chapman.Past Gmnd Chief, accompanied bytwenty ladies from Covington to assist in the work.Remember, the Girls and the BoysBand and all the children from theOdd Fellows' Home at Lexington,will be in Paris next Sunday, August29, at the Paris Grand Opera House,A pleasing program of musical numbers will be furnished by these organizations, and addresses will bemade by prominent members of theorder. The exercises will- begin at2:30 o'clock. The principal addressof the afternoon will be made byHon. M. M. Logan, of Louisville.The entertainment will be given forthe benefit of the Endowment Funddrive, which is in progress throughout the State. Every Odd Fellow inthe city and county should feel ithis duty to be in Paris and attendthis concert and meeting.A FEW-WORDS TO CITIZENS OFB0TJHE0NTHE NEWS is proud of Paiis andBourbon county. This is a -hum-jmmg Dusiness center, anu u uaiuimtrading spot for a very mucn largerTK-tiiciHrn Tt ic thp normal nervecenter for a wide and rich farmingcommunity, and it is fast adding toits impci tence as an industrialcommunity.Our stores, shops and businessorganizations aie equipped with allthat is necessary to the best servicebut telling you about the advantages that are here isn't quite gettingit across You will never knowhow good this community of ours tountil you study its growth and development, week after week.There is only one correct way todo that. It is to read the news, editorial and advertising columns ofthe town's leading newspaper. Every week in the year THE NEWSplace at your door interesting, instructive and profitable informationfor about three cents an issuo.THE NEWS is a paper that shouldv, ; iua. Jiornp nf p.verv citizen ofBouibon counts'. If we haven'tyour name, subscribe to-day, at thelow rate of $2.00 a year, delivered bjmail or by carrier.ATTENTION, TAX PAYERSThe time limit for listingtaxes is drawing near. You willplease note this and give us acal before we are compelled toattach the penalty ordered bylaw. We trust you will givethis your immediate attentionand not force us to extrememeasures.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.Cumberland Phone 838Home Phone 247.(aug20-tf) ssaid that there never was anyweather so bad but that it was better to be out in it than in out of it.How anybody can feel that way isbeyond me. I'm not exactly a recluse, but when it comes to a choicebetween four walls and a life in theopen, give me the shelter everytime. Of course I like lifting myeyes to the hills, from a motor caror a front porch, and 'it's pleafoant todrift about on Stoner creek providedthe sun has gone down, but this ideaof tramping along the highway with,a song on the lips and three tons ofcamping equipment on the shouldersis herebv left to those who like it."With 3,000,000,000 bushels, ofcorn in the county, there ought tobe enough for the hogs and the humans,-too. Come on, you restaurantsand teederies, with your corn cakes,old-fashioned mush, and all suchthings that are calculated to ticklethe palate. We're in a receptivemood at meal time.HOME-GROWN STUFF.Wnme-srown watermelonsandcanteloupes have made their appearance on the local markets at veryhigh prices. It is stated that thecrop is very short this year, causingthe growers to ask higher, prices dfthe retailer, who, in turn, gets hisprofit from the consumer."RUST" 'ATTACKS TOBACCOBourbon county farmers are complaining of the inroads and, damagedone to toba,ceo by rust and wildfire,which have again made their appear- W. M. Mathers, one of the incorporate in many fields. It is said that ators of the Howard Hardware Comfho. prorm affected will be almost a pany, asking that a receiver be ap-total loss, and that the damage donewill amount to several thousand doi- tne Dusmess ui me uuuueiu. wmiamiars. - , Howard, Jr., formerly of Paris, is atA large stalk of the infected to- the head of the company, which isbacco taken from a crop of ten acres incorporated. On Tuesday, Judgeon the fanm of John Redmon, near Fryer appointed U. M. Swmford asParis, is on exhibition in the window receiver. The business will be conat the Paris Billiard Co.'s place ot ducted at usual under the directionbusiness, at the corner of Fourth and of Mr. Swinford until the affairs ofMain. To the layman the "rust" the corporation are wound up. Mr.may mean little, but to the experi-. Howard is a brother of Logan Howenced tobacco man, who knows of the ard, the Paris grocer.damage it can wreak, it signifies al- Imost ruin. Those who have been Another encouraging sign of thereading of the prevalance of "rust" times is that the abuse of the longand "wildfire" in tobacco fields, can. ' suffering word "camouflage" is beget a good idea of their meaning byinspecting this stalk of tobacco.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Realty Co. sold yester- Jday privately tor Miss uiara Jbacon,a house and lot, located on Sixteenth street, to G. T. and Cora B.Wagoner, for a price not given outfor publication. tPARISTHEThe Superior Woolen Mills ..Makers of Made-to-Measure ClothesWill Open a Branch in ParisAugust 30th, at Hotel WindsorBy selling Direct FROM WEAVER TO WEARER and by realizing a largevolume of business from our chain of stores throughout four different States weare enabled to give with each suit or overcoat order, AN EXTRA PAIR OFTROUSERS EREE. Our prices are v 'I$27.50 $30.00up toRemember, every garment is tailored to your individual measure and according to your own taste and fancy.Our representative, Mr. B. L. Chambers, will be at the Hotel Windsor Aug.30-31 -Sept 1st, prepared to take both orders and measurements.SUPERIOR WOOLEN MILLSHeadquartersLouisville, Ky.Branch No.Winchester,.SUIT HLED FO RECEIVER WEI CARLISLE FIRMA suit was fined 'in the NicholasCircuit Court at Carlisle, Monday, bypointed to take charge and liquidate j. mg abated.WANTEDTomatoesGreen BeansCornand all kinds ofCountry ProduceMason & Hanger Construction Co.XALAPA PARM(aug27-4t)!Announcement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth andPleasecall at ourhear theAeolian Vocation RecordsGraduola MachinesRecords received monthly. Five hundred to select from.E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Sole Agents.for Paris and Bourbon CountyAND V(mCOBPOBATED)Branch No. 16,Paris, Ky.18Ky.--$65.00Mosquitoesand RatshW To GetRid of ThemWe have the goods. Something entirely different fromwhat you have been using.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.Main Streetsstore andONmnmnni$40.00G1NITYBranch No. 17Richmond, Ky.Branch No. 19 "Mt. Sterling, Ky. '--NI.,'vav V- ' ' - -f- - v -??? :piA'-i. i.,4''v yJrr -FRIDAY, AUGUST 27, 1920THEVBOURBON . NEWS,"AWS, KENTUCK1,vpage mnrC"OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENEW P50CESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.Get the New Process gas stoves toio your heating. They will savevctir gas bill."(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.oALLEGED SPEEDER ACQUITTED.In Police Court Judge ErnestMartin dismissed the warrantagainst Forrest Letton, Jr., chargedwith violating the automobile speedlaw. Letton was arrested on a warrant issued at the instance of MayorE. 3- January.CHURCH WATERMELON FETEA watermelon fete will be givento-night, at seven o'clock; in theLittle- Rock Graded School building,by the Ladies Aid Society of theLittle Rock Christian church. Thepjblic is cordially invited to bepresent.oEARLY SPRING ONIONSThe first week in September is thetime potato onion sets should beput out. Remember that onions areea-ily choked out by weeds and if alittle time and attention is givento onions in the fall it is possibleto have green onions very early inthe spring.o rTO OPEN TEA ROOMMrs. W. A. Johnson and daughter, Miss Frances Johnson, of Pari-,have purchased property on thef herokee Drive, in Louisville, wherethey will conduct a tea room andgift shop. Mrs. Johnson for severalyears taught classes in cooking before the days of Home Economicdepaitments, and ftas many friendsin Paris and Bourbon county, whoire interested in the success of thisLew project.oPIREDMAN PROPERTY TO BESOLD GOLD GIVEN AWEYDon't fail to attend the publicpale of the Friedman property onSecond street and participate in thdistribution of gold that is to begiven away immediately after the"sale on Saturday, August 2.8, at 2:00p. m.(It)ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do if now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and theCumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)PARIS WOMAN TO SUE THE GOVERNMENT.Mrs. Harry Ogle, of Paris, hasbeen preparing material for theprosecution of a claim against' ttiaUnited States Government for damage done to the old ArlingtonHjtel property at Elue Lick Springs.The hotel was destroj'ed by lire, together with all its contents, onApril 7, 1962, and was at that timecwned by her father, Judge JamesHolliday, of Carlisle. In her claimMrs. Ogle says the property was destroyed by Federal soldiers, whowere camping there during the CivilWar.oSOME TOMATOES!Win. W. Dudley, of Paris shippedto relatives in Cincinnati this weeka crate containing twelve tomatoes,the lot tipping the scales at 22pounds, three ounces. The tomatoeswere fine specimens of the Pondaroa variety, and were grown inMr. Dudley's own garden from seedsaved over from a previous crop.A Pondercsa tomato, weighingSOCIAL Am? PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.v J"Jse H. Clay Howard was arecent business visitor in Mt. Sterling. -Mr. and Mrs. N. B. Hedgeshave returned from a visit to Mrs.Lee Allen, in Winchester.Miss Mary Frances Lyons, ofLouisville, is a guest of her grandimother, Mrs. Maria Lyons, and otherrelatives in this city.George Howard has resumed hisduties in the money order and registry division at the Paris postofficeafter a vacation spent at OlympianSprings.Victor K. Shipp, formei'Parisian, who has teen a guest ofrelatives in this city and countywill leave to-day for his home inOklahoma City, Okla,Mrs. Rosa Payne has gone "toDawson Springs for a two-weeks'stay. On her return she will resumo her duties as teacher at SayrcInstitute, in Lexington.Misses Mary Fithian Hutch -craft,and Helen Hutchcraft, ofParis, are guests of theiraunt, Mrs. James C. Dedman, andMr. Dedman, in Cynthiana.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissIrene Bramblett, of Paris gave avery pleasing reading of 'Peg O' MyHeart' at the Methodist church,Tuesday evening, under the auspicesof the Epworth League."Winchester Sun: "Misses Violaand Anna Belle Brock have returnedhome from a visit in Clintonville . .Mrs. Lula Osborne is spending a,few days in Bourbon county."Dr. Walter Dempsey, of Newport, was a guest Wednesday of Mrs.Dempsey and child, who are guestsof Mrs. Margaret Ninaber, and ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. James B.Dempsey, on Scott avenue.J. F. Thomas, president of theParis Monumental Works, has returned from St. Louis, where he attended the sessions of the NationalRetail Monumental Dealers' Association. Mrs. Talbott Clay, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Calla ThomasNichols, at the home of her parents,.Mr. and Mrs. J. Will Thomas, onEighth street. Mr. Ciay is sojourning in Michigan taking care of acase of hay fever.Miss Elizabeth Margolis, sketch,artist for a number of large department stores in Dallas, Texas, isspending a few days in Paris asguest of Mrs. D. M. Bachrach. MissMargolis is en route to New Yorkon a business trip.Mr. Swift Champ, editor of THT3NEWS, continues to improve slowlyfrom the effects of his recent seriousillness. Mr. Champ was able to takea short auto ride Wednesday andyesterday, his general condition bein greatly encouraging.The Art and Music Departments of the Bourbon County Federation of Women's Clubs, held a meeting Wednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, at the home of Mrs. FrankP. Lowry, on Stoner avenue. Plansfor the year's work were discussedand a program decided upon.Judge Denis Dun don is attending the sessions of the NationalVmeiican Bar Association, in St.Louis, and will be absent from Parisabout ten days. Judge Dundon isthe only member of the Bourbonbar who is a member of the National body.Miss Jessie urisp, tormeriy amember of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, will this year be a memberof the Milltrsburg County HighSchool faculty. Miss Crisp is one ofthe most popular teachers in thecounty, and will make a valuableaddition to the Millersburg institution. Mr. and Mrs. Dinwiddle Lampton and son, John Lampton, of Louisville,' were recent guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. Frank Trisler, at theirhome on Eighth street. Mr. Lampton is president of the American! Lifeand Accident Insurance Co., of whichMr. Trisler is resident Superintendentu of Agencies.The many Paris friends of Sanford W. Allen, cashier of the Millersburg Farmers Bank, who suffereda stroke of paralysis several weeksaero, will De measeo to learn tnaivas accidently drowned while swim-Sming in Lake Erie."Miss Katherine Marsh is visiting friends in Versailles.Dr. E. E. Watson is visitinghis parents in Mt. Vernon, Ohio.Miss Mollie Owens, of Winchester, is a guest of Mrs. M. S. Evans,in this city.Dr. George S. Varden has goneto West Baden Springs, for an extended sojourn.Harry O. James has returnedfrom a business and social visit inHazard and Whiresburg.Mrs. A. L. McDuffy has returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs.John Swartz, in Carlisle.Mrs. Will Kroger, of Cincinnati, is a guest at the home of MissWinifred Doyle, on High street.Mrs. Henry A. Power anddaughter, Miss Sara, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. E. H. Kenner, in Flemingsburg. iMrs. Anna Riggle has gone toMidway, Ky., where she will spendthe winter with Mr. and Mrs. J. A-Bran nock.Miss Ruth Soper has accepted aposition as bookkeeper in the officeof the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.,in this city.Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford has asguest at her home on the Winchesler pike, near Paris, Miss Eva Kemper, of Memphis, Tenn.Mayor E. B. January attended ameeting in Lexington, Wednesday,of the Executive Board of the OddFellows Home at that place.Miss Nellie McClintock has returned from a visit to her sister,Mrs. F. L. Lapsley, and Dr. Lapsley, and family, in Shelby county.J. E. Taylor, who has been a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for the past three months, hasreturned to her home in East Paris.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Berkleyand daughter, Miss Lillian Berkley,have returned to their home nearParis, after an extended vacationspent in the North.-y-Miss Maitha Talbott, of Paris,is a member of a house party beingentertained by Miss Margaret Cook,in Danville. Miss Talbott participated in a barge dance given by thehostess last night.Miss Julia Clarke left yesterdayfor Oteen, North Carolina, to be atthe bedside of her brother, Maj.Richard Clarke, formerly of Paris,who is ill in a hospital. Maj. Clarkeis in the IT. S. army service." Mrs.sAlyce Snapp, Dr. and Mrs.Elbridge Snapp, and son, ElbridgeSnapp, Jr., and Dennis V. Snapp.were guests Wednesday of the former's parents, Rev. and Mrs. E. S.Hollar, at Carlisle.Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, of Dallas,Texas, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.W. H. Renick, her sister, Mrs. Jas.Duncan Bell, and Mr. Bell, at theirhome on High street, and her brother, B. M. Renick, and Mrs. Renick,of Duncan avenue.The Millersburg Dancing Clubgave another of their enjoyabledances in the Millersburg OperaHouse, Tuesday nighl. Many fromParis attended. A large number ofvisitors f ronv surronding towns andcounties participated in the dance:Bryan Doty was host last nightat the home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. James Doty, on Pleasant street,to the mejmbers of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist church.The lawn was beautifully illuminated with electric lights and lanterns. Refreshments were served andan enjoyable program was rendered.(Other Personals on Page S)IOur Selling OutSale is Still Oh!Only a few months and Harry Simon,of Paris, Ky., will retire from business here.Just think of the following low prices.60c and 75e Percale at 37cand59c75c Madras, to close out, at .' 52 1 -2cA large.-lot of 50c White Goods at 39cWhite Goods worth up to 90c at , -. 59cAll Georgette and Crepe de Chene at $ 1 .9836-i.ich Taffeta and Messalines, worth up to S3. 50 a xyard, at : $ 1 .98Motor Cloth, per yard 69c and 89cWe still have 30c Towels at 21cHosiery and Underwear DepartmentsInfants' Sox, 25c quality at . 1 5cOne lot of 40c and 50c Infants' Sox at 23cLadies' Cotton Hose at 23c$2.00 Silk Hose at $ 1 .39One lot of Ladies' Union Suits, $1.50 quality, toclos: out at 98cOne lot of $2.00 quality Union Suits at $ 1 .39One lot of $3.00 Underwear at. . .. $1.98Ready-to-ear and Millinery at Greatly Reduced Prices at Our Closing Out Sale.HAKHYSIMONPARIS, KENTUCKY21'. DCimds. one of several raised by Ivi. jioc ciimon oTmt imnrnvpmpnt. wDr. Jos. A. Wilson, in the gardenat his home on Mt. Airy avenue, ison exhibition in the show window ofy Daughery Bros. The tomato is anne specimen of tne rruu.. oBOURBOIrT EDUCATOR" CONDUCT-'ING JESSAMINE INSTITUTEThe Jessamine County Teachers'Institute, including- teachers fromJepsamine and "Woodford counties; isin session at Nicholasville, and willcontinue its meetings through tomorrow. Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick,Cuperintendent of the Paris PublicSchools, is the instructor in charge.Pi of. Kirkpatrick was formerly Supeiintendent of the Nicholasvilleschools.Miss Sallio Whaley, of the ParisHigh School faculty, demonstratedthe teaching- of languages in theSecond Grade. Miss Claire Brannonalso a member of the Paris faculty,?ave a demonstration of work inelementary arithmetic.oBOURBON GUN CLUBA large attendance is looked forthis afternoon at the shoot to beheld by the Bourbon Gun Club attheir grounds in East Paris. One ofthe events will be the unfinished.Piatch for the A. J. Winters trophy. The contest for this trophyresulted in a tie, and was postponeduntil to-day.Shooters will contest this afternoon for an imported Italian hat, thetrophy donated by Mitchell & Blakemore, and now on exhibition in theirshow window. Although many who&ave heretofore participated in theseevents are away, attending shootsin other parts of the country, there"will be a large attendance this afternoon, according to Secretary Rudolph Davis, aad "he kmofvs."the past few days, and was able totalk Tuesday. There is now hopeof his ultimate recovery.Mrs J. T. Tucker, of Fifteenthstreet, was called home Mondayfrom Detroit, Mich., where she hasbeen visiting her sister, on accountof the serious illness of her son,Willard, who is suffering an attackof typhoid fever. Willard is one ofthe popular young boys of Paris, andVice-President of the Young Men'sUnion of the Baptist church. Hismany friends are hoping for hisspeedy recovery.. In a letter frqm Mrs. J. LyleBayless, of Louisville, wife of theman who was stabbed by RaymondFryman during a difficulty on theNorth Middletown road, near Paris,some time ago, she said, amongother things: "I shall never forgetall the kindnesses the Paris andBourbon county people have shownjme. They are undoubtedly the bestpeople in the State of Kentucky,and I think Kentucky is the bestState in the Union. So you knowwhat I think of Bourbon county people." Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. Redmon Lair and Miss MaryLair and Mr. John Lair, of Paris,have returned from a jmotor tripthrough Pennsylvania and NewYork Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Curiej,nd Miss Sara Curie, of this city,and Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Marshalland son, Williams, of "Paris leave thismorning for an automobile trip toAkron, O., for a visit to Iiss Elizabeth Curie. They will, be absentprobably a veek Mr. and Mrs.R. H. Wills, of Paris, were gueststhis week of Mr. and Mrs. E. S.Wills Dr. and Mrs. L. S. Givenswere in Paris, Tuesday, to attendthe burial of Mrs? Wm. D. Burley,of Wyandotte, Mien. Mrs. Burley,who was-a cousin of Mrs. Givens,USED SAKE NEEDLE FOR TWEN-TY-HVj;YEARSMrs. Robert Lunsford, 80 yearold, who resides on the Bethelroad, near Lexington, for the pat25 years has been using the sam1needle in her sewing, and she hasdone a lot of it. It is estimatedthat she has used thread enough toreach frojm Lexington to Cincinnatiand back almost 200 miles. Andthis same needle has passed throughhundreds of ya'rds of cloth. Theneedle was made of the finest steel.In three days she made a weddingdress worn by her granddaughter,Mrs. Carl Henderson, who was recently mairied. .MISREPRESENTATIONCHARGEDISInsurance agents who are rebatingand insurance companies who areviolating a law passed in 1918 imposing a heavy fine for making malicious and false statements relativeto other insurance companies are being run down by Insurance Commissioner Jajmes A. Ramey.Commissioner Ramey has been adised that there are some insurancecompanies in this State which havebeen and are making false reportsabout certain insurance companiesrelative to their financial conditionand solvency. If this is found to betrue, Commissioner Ramey expectsto see that the extreme punishmentspecified by law is invoked in eachcase.He has also been advised thatcertain agents have been rebating,in violation of the law. All suchcases will be investigated by the department. Letters to insurance companies andagents relative to the policy to bopursued by the insurance department in cases of rebating or misrepresentation of insurance companiesare being sent out by CommissionerRamey.liumji&aMttJWe Are Offering27x50 Inch and 27x54 InchVelvet, Brusselsand AxminsterFor Sale3 good Rubber-tired Buggies;1 good two-liprse Wagon;3 good sets of Team Harness;Also one first-class Driving andSaddle Pony broke for children.Call at R. D. VANZANT'S LiveryBarn, ..Second and Main streets. .Phone 919. ' : (lt)ATmmThese Rugs are Selling Regularly at$5.50, $5.75 and $6.50See our window for these bargains. We do not advertise bargains unless we have them.The above prices are for CASH ONLY and none sold:to dealers.THE J. T. flINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hoarse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking5 "K n-trheiv.,:I! :Yv--tv" jrtXui --- tt - V-'- t -f AGS ADCTHE BOURBON NEWS, , PARIS, KENTUCKYranuT, atjoott it 1120-r x -tVTEEHTUGKY REPUBLICANSHOLD CONEEKENCETORepublican State Chairmen andthe" heads of their organizations fromOhio. Indiana, Kentucky, Illinois,Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota andother middle and southwesternStates will confer with Will Hays,Chairman of the Republican National Committee and his assissantsat Chicago. September 1 and 2, itwas announced in New York. Representatives of Eastern States including West "Virginia, will meetAugust 24 and 25.The purpose of the conference,Mr. Hays said is to review and passother State campaigns and perfectunification of State and National efforts.WHL TRY NIAGARA PALLSWilliam Barbrick, a New Yorkfarmer, who recently made knownhis intention of attempting to rideNiagara Falls in a barrel, announced a secret container for his plunge.Barbrick, who served during the warin the British paerchant marine,said he would apply for permissionto try the hazardous feat which thisyear cost a British barber his life.IMMIGRANTS COMING INAt least 25,000 immigrants aweek are expected soon to beginpassing through Ellis Island, at NewYork, according to Frederick A.Wallis, immigrant commissioner.Steamship companies have reported,he said, that the incoming tide forthe nest few days will" be limitedonly by the capacity of the Westbound ships.Jd'tffemmr-,&mjmV,gfiN"II IP&sS33fc;Keliable InformationAll American women know of the great success ofLydia ,. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound in restoring to health women who suffered from ailments peculiar to their sex, yet there are some who are skepticaland do not realize that all that is claimed for it isabsolutely true if they did, our laboratory would notbe half large enough to supply the demand, thoughtcday it is the largest in the country used for themanufacture of one particular medicine.The Facts contained in the following two tetters shouldprove oi oeneht to many women :Buffalo, K. Y. "I suffered withorganic inflammation and displacement. When lifting I had such painand hearing down that I was notable to stand up, and it hurt me towalk or go up or down stairs. I wasgoing to a doctor without any results and he said the safest thingwould be to have an operation. Imet a lady who told mo she hadthree operations and was not welluntil she took Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.I felt relief after taking two "bottlesof Vegetable Compound and I kepton with it until I was cured. I always use Lydia 33. Pinkham's LiverPills and they are fine. Everythingused to turn sour on my stomach andtheLiver Pills relieved that." Mrs.A. Eogbes, 593 Fargo Avenue,Buffalo, N. Y.Sacramento, Calif. "I had organic trouble and had such terriblepain and swelling in the lower partof my side that I could not stand onmy feet or even let the bed clothestouch my side. I gave up my workthinking I would not be able to goback for months. My mother advised me to takeLydi3 E. Pinkham'aVegetable Compound as it had savedher life at one time, and it put mein a wonderful condition in a coupleof weeks, so I can keep on working.I work in a department store andhave to stand on my feet all day andI do not have any more pains. Isurely recommend your VegetableCompound to all my friends and youmay use these facts as a testimonial."' Beetha J. Pabjokb, 332Q MSt. Sacramento, Calif.The fact is, the Best Medicine for Women isMCPtCINC:ldMUtMdBHHHHHHH'-A Well Balanced Foodready-to -eat and con-xaimnq iov-ca -vcArr-v cjhaot-- vvwii wUKai.A Popular Cereal ThatSaves "Vbia MoneyGrape-Nutsserved with milk or cream,fresh fruit or berries, makesa delightful dish for homefolks orm tV? rVSlOtef C?This hesltlvhuildingfoodgains its wholesome, nut-likeflavor -from the twenty-hourbaking of wheat and malted barleyAll Grocers Sell Grap&NutsMade byPostum Cereal Co Jnc.;Battle Creek, Mich.narapfitu;'juu,y??STATE RAILWAY X0MMISSI01TDENIES JURISDICTION.FRANKFORT, KY., Aug. 26.The State Railroad Commission ruledMonday that it had no power to prevent the 25 per cent increase granted railroads by the Interstate Commerce Commission from applying tointerstate rates.The new rates, which affect passenger, freight and pullman service,will go into effect in the State Aug.26.The American Railway ExpressCompany will not be able to put itsincrease of 12 per cent into effectat that time as the law placing express, telephone, steamboat and gascompanies under jurisdiction of theState Railroad Commission providesthat no change shall be made in ratesexcept after not less. than thirty days'notice to the commission. A different law governs railroads.The State Railroad Commissionmet here today to consider the increased intrastate rates proposed bythe railroad and express companiesand it was the unanimous opinion ofthe members that the- commissionhad no authority in the matter.In the absence of Attorney General Dawson the question was submitted to Assistant Attorney GeneralFowler, who concurred in the conclusions of the commission..The American Railway ExpressCompany, through its representative,H. C. Tubb, Chattanooga, Tenn.,asked the commission to waive thethirty days' notice in order that theincreased ra,tes could go into effectSeptember 1. After discussing thematter with Assistant Attorney General Fowler the Commission decidedto take no action on waiving the notice until the next meeting, September 2. It gave the express companypermission to file the increased tariff. Mr. Tubb produced figures sIioaving that the company had operated ata deficit of more than $5,000,000 in1917, $31,000,000 in 1918 and $25,000,000 in 1919. These figures, hesaid, showed conclusively that thecompany could not continue to servethe public unless it was permitted toput into effect immediately the increased rates.In addition to the 12 per centincrease, the express company hasfiled a tentative request with the Interstate Commerce Commission andi the State Railroad Commission foran extra 15 per cent increase inrates to take care of the increase inwages granted express employes bythe United States-labor organization.The increase was not discussed at themeeting.oIs Your BloodStarving ForWant of Iron?Witfcont Plenty of Iron In Yonr BloodYon Don't Get the Strength andNourishment Out of the Food Yon EatWhen over-work, lack of sleep, improperfood and impure air sap the iron from yourblood and make you feel weak, nervousIrritable and out-of-sorts, it is importantthat you should at once put more iron intoyour blood. Without iron the blood loseshe power to change food into living tissueend therefore nothing; that you eat does yott,lhe proper amount of good because yoixIdon't pet the full strength out of it. Yourlood merely, passes through your svsteialike corn through a mill with the rollers sowide apart that the mill can't grind. Because of this steady starvation of the bloodnd nerves people often become weakened.Hired-out, nervous and rundown end frequently develop all sorts of si' mptoms. Butthe moment organic iron Nuxated Iron issupplied a multitude of dand" ous symptomsdisappear in most cases, the 3esh becomesfirmer, the muscles get back heir strength!and the roses of health bloom--n checks thatwere pale and sickly looking.Ifo matter what other so-caled remedieayou may have tried, if you a? irot strong",vigorous, hearty and well. "C-a owe it toyourself to make the follcwii g test: SeeLow leng you can work or ho f Jr you camwalk without beconing tire?. Nctt. taketwo five-graini tablets o oroinai NuxatedIron three times per day after meals foetwo weeks. Then test your strength againand see for yourself how much you havegained. "Ycu can ootain Nuxsted Iron fromTour drujrict on the distinct understandingthat if :-ou are not .fully tisficd ycuixaaney will be refunded.Attention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market ForYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care toholcl your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mIBmHHWHBBHEHWffT?Ty8fM . ' &TWTyMHn8MWMEBWT,lMW!'TMMIIIET"KMMMMW"BM'gi, ' - ... gqrrjI-Governor Morrow was the principal 'speaker at the picnic of theMidlesex Republican Club, in Boston, the official opening of theMassachusetts State campaign. Itis estimated that 50,000 people werein attendance. In consequence ofthis engagement, the usual "pardonday" leeve was postponed until theMonday following.--.--LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESGirls! Make beauty lotion lora few cents Try It!Isaac G. Rice, of Paintsville. wor,the Republican nomination, for Commonswealth's Attorney- in the Twenty-fourthdistrict by a vote of 1.288to 1,032 for J. W. Wheeler, also ofPaintsville. H. B. Co-nley was nominated by. the Republicans forCounty Judge of Johnson countyover W. H. Vaughn, who was appointed to the vacancy by GovernorMorrow. Mr. Conley received 83 Cto Vaughn's 594. . -.JL-M JLW- ''--....Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of orchard white, shake welland you will have a quarter Dint ofthe best freckle and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands eachday and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, softand rosy-white xhe skin becomes.Yes! It is harmless and never irritates. (adv-tf-F)CONSTRUCTIVE ANDTIVE.DESTRUC-Governor Marcus P. Holcomb, ofConnecticutt, has 'formally notifiedWill H. Hsys, chairman of the Republican National Committee, thathe will not call 'a special session ofConneticutt General Assembly toact upon the suffrage amendment.LUIBWe are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky And Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble StaveLumber CompanySomerset, Kentucky&9SwEvery community possesses twodistinct classes of citizens, althoughthis community is to a certain extent an exception to the generalrule. Both classes are critical asregards community affairs, but oneclass is constructive in its criticismswhile the other is destructive. Theone sees the weak spots in our municipal life, points them out andsuggests rational methods forcorrection and improvement. Theother class sees the faults, criticises the authorities for penmittingthem to exist, but offers no sanesuggestion for correction. The manwho accepts a position of authorityin any community must expect criticism. But he has a right to expectthe public to refrain violent criticism unless it can suggest a methodof procedure that would be an improvement over , the one he employs.The public has a legitijmate right tocriticise its officials when it feelsthat criticism is due, but it shouldTje certain of rhe justice of that criticism before it is uttered. A constructive critic is an asset to anytown, but the destructive one issimly a knocker. Constructive criticism is always welcome to any highminded and well intentioned nublicofficial, but it is a thorn in the fles .of those who surrender to ulterrormotives and forget the duty theyowe to their constituents. Our ownofficials are constructive" in boththeir intentions and their methods.If you see something that needscorrection, tell them so. They willwelcome the inforjmation. But go alittle further and suggest what appears to you to be the best methodof correction. It may be an improvement to iwhat our officialswould deem appropriate action. It,is team work of this kind thatbreeds success in the garden of life.oIt has just about gotten so in this,country that if you offer an idl&(man a job of work you are in dangerof makirg a Bolshevik out of hinx ,As a general thing, whenva man isWhen Better Automobiles Are Built,- Buick Will Build ThemTHIS big seifen passenger Buick Model K-49is the ideal family car of the Buick series. Itslarge roomy tonneau and luxurious seats are filledwith comfortv.Its finish and design combine both beauty andrefinement, readily attracting the attention of thosewho take pride in ownership.The Buick Valve-in-Head motor furnishes surpluspower, assuring the usual Buick economical serviceand endurance.oThese qualities of construction have increased thiscar's popularity to such a degree that purchaserswho delay in placing their orders experience dif faculty in securing desired delivery.2S2Tie G. S.Ball?f V' iT. . - i . ., .-v7 ,m,rvA -1 , - : t-1,-f. '....V1?ili$jrK --f-if..3".j-j-:4-,imr;i ' s.'" -'u,.--rUJ- 't-jfl"af..-yui-bflwiJ?T'", as old as he looks he's no jurenile. ' 'JH; :V;r,. V ,.Gor. fourthand PleasantA" "ji.i',1 JPMS3MV w 'C5i' j- t i ' ' v. 'r -r : v. KrT.iI' 'etUFRIDAY, AUGUST 27. 1920-t.THb BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KEOTUCKYBGSSTONjrjkasey Ra,r,.., V-T c ucstionif Hunt'SUfa Vn the treatment of EczemaTetter, Ringworm, Itch, etcDon't become discouraged becgje cher treatments TailedHunt' Salro has relieved huo-d-edof suck cases. You can'tj-,se en our Money BachGucTcntec Try it at our rikTOLJAl rnic jc heFor Sale byL OBERDORFER,DruS'St, Paris, Ky.WASHINGTON GIKLS' DUESSCOST SIXTY CENTS!"It"? not what you wear, but thevvaj you wear it" and if you don'trelieve it just give Miss Hazelproud of Washington, D. C., the"oncp over."It's only a sixty-cent creationthat Miss Proud wears when shecomes to iorl: every xiiorning in theoffice of Miss Edith C. Strauss, director of women's activities in theca.:r-:-n against the Jiigh cost ofliving in the Department of Justice.It's not sixty cents worth of siikor satin, either, although it coversall of the "requirements."It's sixty cents worth of sugarbags.To Miss Proud goes the honor ofwearing the dress well. To MissDoris Peterson, of Bellington,Wash., goes the glory for making adress for "four bts and one thindime" in these- dayt of high prices.lue d.es was made f rom "ordinarvsugar sacks, or maybe it isn't possi-Die lor a sugar sack to be ordinarvconsidering the scarcity and ascending value of its contents.Anyway, the dress is made of sugar sacks, and is trimmed withcrochet cotton in pink and -greenshades. It took Mist Peterson jus.ttwo hours to make the dress. Butit took her longer than that to convince Miss Strauss that it cost butsixty cents."It just shows what one can dowhen one tries." said Miss Strauss."Accomplishments like this, if pnorewidely practised, would help tobring down the cost of wearing ap-arel."ONLY FEW DOMESTIC SERVANTSAMONG IMMIGRANTSPONZI'S SCHEME GATHERS HUNDREDS IN NET.The number of immigrants arriving at New York is increasing weekby week, but the superintendent ofthe immigration station on EllisIsland says that there are few domestic servants among them.Housekeepers who have waitedhopefully for iinmigration to heginagain to renew the sadly depletedsupply of maids will be disappointed when they learn that the Irishand Scandinavian girls in the steerare are planning to work in factories.mzaismHMHX3I&Au3x2HvvmfflaUAamnDEVDEjTELOOBIICTBOSTON, Aug. 26. A list of investors in Charles Ponzi's postal coupon scheme persons who trusted inthe ability of the overnight financierto make riches for them in a monthor two looked like a cross sectionof the community when it was printed yesterday.All walks of life were there menand women of the professions, ofbusiness and of labor.It is estimated 30,000 in allplaced their money in the schemewhich now is in receivership, and ofthese -about half withdrew it with orwithout the 50 per cent interestwhich Ponzi paid before the crash.The others are relying on Federal Efeceivers to recover what is left.The list runs the gamut fromJudge to office boy. Former liquordealers turned to Ponzi in the hopeof recouDine their broken fortunes?a wealthy spinster was there, a building contractor, business men of highstanding, a sporting promoter, soldiers, real estate dealers, manufacturers, police inspectors and ihe ordinary laborer in large numbers.The appearance of the list yesterday, brought denials from many ofthose whose names appeared.Some of those named, however.said they had regained their investments with profits of hundreds orthousands of dollars.The investments noted rangedfrom $25 to $53,833, the latter beingattributed to a man associated withPonzi as an agent.Denial that Ponzi is bankrupt, wasmade in a petition filed in the Federal District Court by Daniel V.Isaacs, his counsel. The petition demands that a trial by jury be ordered to determine the issue.The petition will be assigned fora hearing, but action on it if theCourts grants the petition will be delayed because the Federal Jury willnot come in until next month.Meantime, the receivers will pursue their efforts to marshal Ponzi'sassets, of which about $1,000,000worth was turned over to them byhim Saturday to meet claims which aFederal Auditor estimates at $7,000,-000.iiYes,We Have It!With grett satisfaction we announce securing theExclusive DEVOE AgencyPAINTS, VARNISHES. STAINS. ENAMELSOECAUSE in DEVOE (established 17M)we have the world's stand--ard Paint Products. 100 per cent pure. We are nowready to serve you any DEVOE Product with this GUARANTEE:"Your money bock if DEVOE fails'to give complete satisfaction"THE J. T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KY.1t sl... -- -'i V i i ? ij . l 1rma & a atmmula, Jtfj&-.il MX iUUAIMerciful Heavens, how my backhurts in the morning ! " It's allover-abund-fance of thatppoison calledjjuric acid.are not able WtfMABVlfcBkNjwPaWITNESS AFTERWITNESSINPARISSuch Evidence Our Readers CannotDispute.to set rid ofit. Such conditions youcan readilyovercome,and prolonglife by taking"Anurlc" (Enti-uric-acjd). Thiscan be obtained at almost any dmstore, in tablet form.When your kidneys get sluggishand clog, you suffer from backache, sick-headadhe, dizzy spells,or twinges and pains of lumbago,rheumatism or gout; or sleep kdisturbed two or three times anight, get Dr. Pierce's Anuric, itwillput new life into your kidneyand your entire system. Send Dr.Rece,s-Imvalidf, fiotel, Buffalo,K. Y., ten cents lor trial packsjgikMemphis, Ten. $r- Pierce'a Amuric Is &e beet medicine for the kidneiP' and lor backache, that I have ever t&ktn.For some tidSeity kid&ejw bTkeengiving me a, lot ' trouble. I Mfintftwith backaches and rbeumatiam in myjoints and limbs causmg me a h'fmisery. On learning of the 'AnrnUTableti' I began their use and thtybiv given me real relief -wbjem aliotiatrkid&y nsdkinee failed t:hek."I am jftad to recommend 'A&uxio too&e&VwOfraoffer with JhKaflmeaMPMas. &. C. Wilson, 0o0 N. Sixths.TWO HUNDRED DOLLAR FUNERAL FOR CANARY.Plan to Spend Labor Day AtTHE SHADESIndiana's Most Picturesque ResortExcellent Accommodations Well Marked HighwaysFREE ROAD MAPS FURNISHED ON REQUESTWAVELAND, IND.J. FRISZ, Manager19Till Aug 127--FBFirst Mortgage Gold BondsThe Standard Safe 6 Investment BecauseThey are first mortgages on definitepieces of choice improved LouisvilleReal Estate.iThey yield 6 net from date of purchase. They are not, subject to market fluctuations.They are safe from labor troublesand economic changes.Their purchase is a confidential matter. They are backed by the ConsolidatedRealty Company, with assets of$1,000,000, and a record of 20 yearwithout a loss to investors.MATURITIES FROM 1 TO 12 YEARS, IN AMOUNTS OF $100,-$500,-$1,000.Write today for further information.CONSOLIDATED REALTY CO.231 SOUTH FIFTH CTREET, LOUISVILLE, KY.E. S. Wootleu. C. C. Hleatt, Hairy M. John.Manager Bond Department.President.Secretary.ABourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streettt BPal Vw' "A (C r,I!iXIXIX!OUR WATCHWORD! fWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers-we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour'fcatronage.SATISFACTIONKIXaThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyAs we take up the NEWS weekby week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness after witness SDeaks out. asAir. Rankin does here. If these peo-pie were strangers living milesaway, we might take little notice IOI mem. BUT thfiv arp tint fViQ.- !. .. " -- "" -"-"Ware our neighbors, living among us.Their word is too easilv nrnvon toadmit of any doubt. They speakout in tue nope that their experiencemay be a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney PHIkoff and on for years and have beengreatly benefited bv them. At tiTicI have suffered severely with kidney complaint. My back oftenpained and was lame most all thetime. The kidnev secretions wemtoo frequent in passage and greatlyannoyed me. Whenever I, have beenthis way, I have always found thatv dox of Doan's Kidney Pills hasnever failed to cure me of the attack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget uoan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Rankin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)THE REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN TOOPEN SEPT. 15.Senator Hiram Johnson mavstump Kentucky this fall in behalfof the Republican ticket. James F.Ramey, of Louisville, who has goneto Los Angeles, will extend a verbalinvitation to him in behalf of Kentucky Republicans.Mr. Ramey, who is to head theRepublican Speakers' Bureau, saidthat the speaking campaign will notstart before September 15."Of course, a few scatteringspeeches may be made before then,"he said, "but I don't look for theactive speaking campaign to besinbefore the middle of next month."As State Commissioner of Insurance, Mr. Ramey is going to attendthe annual meeting of the NationalAssociation of Insurance Commissioners in Los Angeles. He is being accompanied by Mis. Rameyand Dr. Ben L. Bruner, LouisvilleSTRANGE FREAK CAUSED BYTORNADO.Two checks, calling for an aggregate of $450, and a photograph oftwo women, blown from a point inOhio, 100 miles away, in a tornadolast March, have been found nearthe Monroe-Wayne county linenear Monroe, Mich., by W. M. Maxwell and John Bingle. The elevator at Paulding, O., from which thepicture and checks were blown, wasdestroyed by the tornado, and threechildren and the elevator proprietor were killed.oFurthermore, fit a young manwere as prosperous after he marrie.is while he is engaged there would.The scrpitural assurance that,sparrows shall not fall unnoticedwas given tangible application to apet canary bird at Newark, N. J.Jimmy, the little songster, chokedto death on a watermelon seed, andso grief-stricken was his owner,Emidio Russo.nanno, a 65-year-oldcobbler, that friends contributed$200 for a funeral, including ahearse, five mourners' coaches anda fifteen-piece band."He sang, ah, so sweet, like Caruso," sobbed the cobbler as the littleplush-lined casket, probably twelveinches, was lowered into the graveHe plans to eiect a monument later.. oPhilosophy of a Cipher.Consider the cipher. It amounts tonothing in itself, but when put at workwith others behind n good strong figure it adds wonderfully to the valueof the group. But if a cipher puts onnirs sind gets? out in front of the procession, it becomes valueless again.Men might take a lesson and learnthat their value lasts only as long asthey stay on the job.Its easy to washmy hair now"Wildroot Liquid Shampoo Iseasy and pleasant to use and icdoesn't make my hair brittle theway ordinary soap does. '"My scalp feels better and myhtir has stopped coming out."SHAMPOO" Soli and Quarantad byBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.X L --OroccryOpposite Court HouseParis, Kym:Iced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruits ,Berriesand1I Green Vegetablesl:Both PhonesDeliverylSCHOOL DAYSSchool is now a matter ofdays.The youngsters will soon hetrudging to and from school.They must be properly c3othedpfor they cannot do good schoolwork unless they wear comfortable and well-fitting clothes.And their clothing must bemade of long wearing materialto stand hard knocks and scuffs.We are specialists in Boys9Clothing and Shoes.Boys' Suits s$7.50 to $18.50Boys' Shoes .;$4.00 to $7.50 ?"SAVE THE DIFFERENCEtfTWIN BROS CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.619 Main . StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietori"7I &THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy td understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.v.X!iE.".:GEO. W- DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'ABBEBSM3ESBMBSM33sSSSSlgSggS'iiii3iiiiiiiuiniiiinWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatS you have but to close your eyes and wander down the trail ,oi yesieruay.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETw. court eu:.&Z. vIS1--ifI. 't,IXIXIXIEXr -jc--itu'-.'!ti:marriage. ,jC3 91 " aSEV1,m-,-'-Js-1S r J,V-u-tukfcJt:,y . V.ue lese junery ana more millinery in.' ;,r"N, r,iPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY '' FRIDAY, AUGUST 27, llldt "f.43THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND II Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax : ;3QcChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2fcMILLERSBURGRELIGIOUS."Mr. E. P. Wagoner lefjt Wed".esday for Battle Creek, Mich..Mr. O. E. Hurst was in NiclicSasville on business Wednesday.Mrs. W. K. Gregory, of CyntUi--.na,is the guest of friends Cere.Mrs T. E. Bowles has returnedwaiter a visit to relatives in Cynthi--CU1&.Miss Elizabeth Carter, of LouHsville, is the guest of Mrs. J. C.ILeer.Quite a member from here are"iaMng iVx the German town Fair this"week.Messers. C. C. Chanslor and W.JLl3utler left Sunday for a week's-sojourn at Swango Springs.Major Nelson is in the Hurst"Some Insurance office during the-absence of Mr. C. C. Chanslor.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Fruitt attended the wedding of their niece,"jtfiss Edith Welbourne, at Maysville,Wednesday.Miss Anna Louise Cantrill hasreturned to her home, at Paris, aftei3. week's visit to her grandjmother.3rs. Ellen Leonard.Mr. and Mrs. J. Y. Jeffersonliave returned after a ten-days'-tour of New York, Washington anurother Eastern cities.tMij n-rxAnA Sphnnl will nnfinIn the M. M. I. property on Monday,25K!tember. 6. A full corps of teachers has been employed.Messrs. AV. E. Powell and J. H.Xetton have returned to their homeit Atlanta. Ga., af'or a few weeks'--igit to their parents.Mr. T. C. Gilmore is at honfeagain, after working a year inCindtnnati, and is with the plumbing-establishment 'of Mr. G. L. Hill.Messrs. D. P. Jones and Clar-"taice Wasson have returned after atea-days' sojourn in Chicago, and-other points on Lake Michigan.Mrs A. C. Strode and little son,JL. C. Strode,' Jr., of Chester, Mon-Taca, arrived Tuesday as guests oflier parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball.Mrs. J. H. Miller, of Memphis,Temi., -a ho is the guest of her parents, Dr. and Mrs. W. G. Dailey, had"her tonsils removed by Dr. McClure,:at Lexington, Wednesday.Mi?s Elizabeth Pruitt andbrother, James Pruitt, returnedTuesday from a protracted visit tollufir grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.TSeDell Chanslor, at Stanford.Mrs. A. S. Best and little duagher, Sarah Miller Best, left Tuesday for a tvo-weeks' vis-t to heranother and sister, Mrs. NannieHunter and Miss Patty Hunter, at"Washington, Ivy.-THE SICK Mr. S. M. Allan,'M. M. Bowles, J. T. Judy, Mrs. Fanmie Norton and Anna Darnell are all-.slightly improved. Mr. K. D. Burroughs is quite ill. Master Robert5hanslor had his tonsils removed"fry Dr. AlcClure at Lexington, last-xsweoic ar.d is once more about well.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Lucas,-of Huntington, Ind , and Squire and21v Luces, ot Paris, were guests at-a ifix-Tfcleck dinner given by Mr.-na T&rs. Joseph Plummer, Wednes- 3ay evening. Mr. and Ttfrs. Woodlord Lucas were recently united inmarriage, and are spending theirhoneymoon with his parents, Squire-td Mrs. Lucas.The fifth Sunday Baptist meet7ing will begin here at 8:00 p. m.-4o-day, and will continue overr Suriaay. An interesting program-win "be rendered. The meeting will-continue all day Saturday, with anaddress Saturday evening by Dr."M. B. Ada.ms. President of Georgetown College. B. Y. P. U. work-Will occupy ihe time of Sunday afternoon. Several prominent speakers, will be present.Miss Josephine Leer, daughter& Mr. and Mrs. Ashby Leer, of thiscity and Mr. Robert Turner, a- prominent young grocery merchanto Paris were united in marriage inLouisville, Monday evening. MissLeer is one ot our prominent youngladies, belonging to one of the most-prominent families of Kentucky.Mr Turner is a prominent youngbusiness man, of the capitol of'Bourbon. The wedding comes mthe nature of a surprise to mm-.many friends. The only objection-hat could be urged against thealliance ot this couple was their extreme youthful age, as they areT)oth in their teens.VTnivTV00RPHA2T BRIGADETO MEET HERE.-General W. B. Haldeman. com---manderof the Orphan Brigade, hasdesignated Thursday, September 30,nand Paris, the time and place for-holding the annual convention ofthe veterans of the famous Confederate orranization. General Haldeman and Thomas D. Osborne, Adjutant General, have sent out notices"Urging members to attend.The veterans will assemble atnoon of the reunion day at the Court"House, in Paris, for transactingbusiness, sfter which they will be-entertained by the people of Bour-" bon county. mThe City Council of Pans byunanimous vote extended a cordialinvitation to the Orphan Brigade toqjold its reunion n that city.., o- .! . MUTUAL INSURANCE"- Countrv people often complain ofthe high 'cost of Insurance foi location repnote from towns, or in town-;-not big enough to afford city methods of protection. But millions oi- - country people have met this diffi--culty by forming mutual insuranceSanies. These companies not-merelv do business on an economicalTsis "but they influence their policyJhtfders to exercise the very greatost care so that ftrc losses shall be"kept dow-a. . RRecent figures show that 1867farmers fire insurance co mPje?-ave!been Parted tn 34- States.-This Is one of the oldest forms of cowration practiced a,mong country'ijpple, and one of the most success-r-Mrs. Frank Martin was electedCaptain of Group No. 1 in the Baptist Young People's Union, at a recent meeting of the Union, held inthe church parlors.Services will be held at theParis Baptist church, Sunday morning at 10:30, and in the evening at7:30. Preaching by the pastor, Rev.Arthur Fox. The public is cordiallyinvited to attend these services.During the absence of Rev. T.S. Smylie, pastor, who was attending the Christian Workers' Conference at Jackson, the prayer-meetingservice Wednesday night, was conducted by Rev. Bradley. Rev.Bradley is a retired minister of theNorthern Presbyterian church, whois making his home for the presentin Paris. -Rev. Robert Giltner, of Eminence, celebrated the sixty-seventhannual anniversary of his Is tsermonupon entering the ministry by attending the services held at theNorth Middletown Christian church.Rev. Giitner, who is now in hisninety-third year 'was accompaniedby Mrs. Giltner and their son, W. S.Giltner. They were warmly greeted, Rev. Giltner responding in feeling lepnarks to the felicitations uponhis anniversary celebration.TODAY, TRIDAYin her latest C6picture -. - .Mary PickfordSuds"PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe subject at the Presbyterianchurch services Sunday will be: "Isthe Young Man Safe?" in the morning, and "The Man Who Gets TheWalks" at night. Rev. T. S. Smylie,the pastor, will preach at both services. Sunday school at 9:45, Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p. m. Everbody welccjme.oDEATHS.ERINDLEY.News of the death of Dr. Frederick F. Brindley, eldest son of BenF. Brindley, former resident ofBourbon county, was received hereto-day. Dr. Brindley was born inParis France, receiving his education in Europe and Johns-HopkinsUniversity. For the past twenty-fiveyears he has made his home in NewYork City. Re is survived by hiswife and one son, also his father,Ben F. Brindley, two brothers,Cooper and Eilas Brindley. He wasa nephew of Mrs. Mary E. Hibler, ofthis city.BURLEY. ,The body of Mrs. Lavina GillBurley. formerly of Paris, who wasdowned in a collision Saturday nightbetween two Lake Michigan stealers, was brought to this city Tuesdayand interred in the Paris Cemetery.Services were conducted at the graveby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. Mrs. Burleywas born and reared near Cynthiana. She is survived by severalbrol-hers and sisters. No further details have been received here of thedistressing accident in which Mrs.Burley and many others lost theilives.JVIary Pickford brings to the screen a wonderful story thatruns the entire gamut of emotion s from grave to gay and frompassionate protest to meek resignation, in which there is neveran abated moment of interest.Also Warner Oland and Eileen Percy in "The Third Eye"andfPoIlard Comedy, "All in a Day"TOMORROW, SATURDAYINDorothy DaltOll "Black is White"She married her own husband! He, thinking her dead,believed her another woman! Then the revenge she hadplanned through bitter years but see it all for yourself thissensational romance of New York and Paris, with beautifulDorothy Dalton as sweetheart, mother, wife and gay adventuress. A story of One woman who was three.Also Harold Lloyd Comedy, "His Royal Shyness"Monday and TuesdayTHEAugust 30th and 31st99WESTERNERSThe Pfiotoplay of the Novel by Stewart Edward WhiterA story of the pioneers who blazed the trail to the West. Love. Romance, Hatred, Treachery and Retribution all the elementsof a mighty Dramain Addition IVionday in Addition TuesdayBig V Comedy, "THE RENT DODGERS" William Duncan, in "The Silent Avenger and 'and Pathe Review Prizma Color Picture, "Big Guns"ided Attraction P "TfeGirl,T 0 From Shaney s,day & iomorrow New York CityMISS RUTH DENICE"She's SomeRag SingerJust Hear Her"Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday afternoon from the officeRoy Jones, 24, and Miss Katie Rob- return they will reside in Parisav J ' . .. Tnp hnnp is rvnp. nf flip mnertson, 21, notn oi Jt-arjb.lersburg. -where he later received themessage announcing the solution ofj the mysterious disappearance of hisA car end the young people. Mr. andMrs. Turner returned to Paris.Tuesday, and, after a short visit tofriends and relatives, left for aweek's honeymoon trip, keepingtheir destination a secret. On theirSWIFT & COS WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEWCOURTNEY HARRISRussell Harris, 21, son of Clay-hnmp Harris, of nearMiss Eula Courtney, 23, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. W. G. Courtney, oiScott county, were married byin nis privateThe bride is one of the most attractive young women in Millershurg, and has been a visitor oftenin this city, -where she has beenParis and ' Sreatly admired for her many gracesui jiiu.i tiuLui . out: waa a siuucui xlithe . Millersburg College, where shewould have graduated in the classof 1921. Mr. Turner is a son of Mr.IJOUniy Juu&e "& .'" "" "" ! -nA Afro William T? Turner. nfthe court house aityn-, ;;""- - '"""'tjTcUia, aiiu uuc ul liig yiugi cooi unffipp inthiana. The groom is a young farrier of Bourbon county.and one of theyoung business men ot tne city, tielis a brother-in-law of Russell Clayton, with whopi he is associated inbusiness.Reynolds Honican and Miss Tne Jeffersonville correspondenceAnna A. CHei.n, ootn or i-un&, ci1o lne jLouisville Herald saysmarried Monday morning inGLENN HONICANThe volume of eggs reaching themarket is smaller than for the sametime last year. The demand forcurrent use is good and prices haveLATE SUMMER RADISHESNow is the time to spade up asmall section of the garden andthoroughly prepare the soil forsome late radishes. Since the radishis a quick maturing and hardy plantshown some advance during the ; the . white Vienna and Charters varieties can be planted at this tijmewithout any danger of them becoming pithy. The vegetables are es-ptjciallj-delicious and every farmershould have some in his garden thisfall.theis suggested.The plants are now"Anions: the marriaeres nerformed jrpnprallv so fivp.ri that thev hav-County Clerk's office at Maysville, ;jn this ci1y yesterday was that of J sufficient help to take care of theCounty Judge Purnell performed the ; Robert Turner, 18, and Miss Joseph- poultry. Any very sudden, largeceremony. Mr. and Mrs. Honican jne jjeer, 18, both of Paris, Ky. The, increase in receipts, however, wouldreturned to Paris, Tuesday morning, .bridegroom obtained the parentr.1' moke it difficult to handle the situr.nd will make their home here. consent by telephone." ation.week. Withdrawals are being madefrom storage stocks to meet theneeds of the consuming trade.Butter production is holding upwell; pasturage conditions are generally reDorted as satisfactory: themarket has taken an upward turn !and higher prices are being paid for . The employe who does not reat-ibutterfat in country points. l tnat ne is wonting lor nimsen.Indications point to a large sup- "o matter wno pays mm, win notnlv of chickens which are now secure rap? a promotion.reaching the marketing age. Morepoultry has been marketed duringthe week than could be used currently, and some surplus has beenplaced In storage.Feeding plants are 'generally filling to capacity and even marketing!LEXmGTOH, KY., BUStHESS UNIYE8SITThe mi Smmmm la ltibm I. Sai Mmm OMmlBusiness Short Hand, Type Writing and Tcfef raahrThis old and influentialColl ego can do much foryon at least cost and towardsecuring a high salariesposition . D iploma awarded.Special Course for Goternxnent Employraeat.Thousands of anccearfnlgraduates. Begin anytime.DEPARTMENT FOR INDIES, nnder the supervision of a Lady Principal. 3C0 ladies attending thisSossion. Good Burdag homes. For particulars, addressWILBUR R. SMITH - LEXINGTON, KY.-WOODARD.Samuel Woodard, aged 'seventy,a piominent farmer of Bath county,was kicked over the heart Mondayafternoon by a mule, sustaining injuries which resulted fatally in .ifew moments. He is survived byhis widow , thre sons and fourdaughters, one of whom. Mrs. SusanBoots. " resides near Paris. Thofuneral was held at the family home.Wednesday, followed by burial in the jWhite Oak burying ground. Mr.Woodard's older brother. JamesWoodard, had just returned to hishome at Flemingsburg from a visitin Illinois, when he received a message telling, of his brother's suddendeath.HARDING HENRY.James S. Henry and Miss Lena tHarding, both- of Nicholas county,were man-red in North Middletown,last week, at the home of the offici-ating minister, Rev. Frank 31. Tin- .der, nastor of the North Middletown jChristian church. The newiy-wearare members of prominent familiesin Nicholas county. They will reside at che home of the groom, nearCarlisle.ROBERTSON JONES.The (marriage of Miss KatieRobertson, daughter of Mrs. CharlesRobertson and Roy Jones, both ofihip city, was solemnized at fouro'clock, Wednesday afternoon at thehome of the officiating minister,minister, Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church. The.attendants were Mrs. Samuel Onkst,sister of the bride, and Miss Marjorie Bowles, of Millersburg.Mrs. JoneS was for some timebookkeeper in the plumbing establishment of John Merringer, and is ahandsome and attractive young woman. The groom has bee-n a resident of Paris several years He wasfor sqme time clerk at the Cravenrestaurant, and is at present employed at the Pastime Pool Room, onMain street. Mr. and Mrs. Joneswill reside for the present in thiscity. NKIMBROUGH WRIGHTAt his residence, in this city,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor or tne Jt-arisChristian church, performed the ceremony uniting in marriage MissMary Louise Kimbrough and EdwinWright, both of Cynthiana. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.P. H. Kimbrough and the groom isa son of Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Wright,all of Cynthiana. The newly-wedswill reside in Cynthiana.TURPIN KILIAN.County ' Clerk Curie issued amarriage license at Cynthiana, Tuesday, to Irving George Kilian, 27, ofWisconsin, and Miss Ida VernonTurpin, 21, of Paris. They weremarried sh&rtly after by a Cynthianajminister. The bride is a daughterof Mrs. Albert Wachs. of Paris, 'formerly Mrs. S. M. Turpin. The groomis engaged in business in Malwaukee. The wedding is the culminationof a romance which began severalyears ago, when the parties becameacquainted through correspondence.ADMIRAL RODMAN TO CONTINUE IN COMMAND.LEER TURNER.Rumors have reached WashingIon from the Pacific coast that RearAdmiral Hugh Rodman, of Frankfort, Ky.. commanding tho Pacificfleet, is to be relieved by Rear Admiral Henry T. Mayo, former commander of the Atlantic fleet andnow serving on the general board.Secretary Daniels said there was nobasis for the rumor and no chans-ein command of the Pacific fleet iscontemplated.oHOLD THE WOOLThe Farm Bureau wishes to givepublicity to Uie statement ot JohnR. Humplney, head of the Department of Markets, University of Kentucky, who has just returned fromthe East, where he investigated thewool market. Mr. Humphrey says: h0 SOme business matters the young"At the present time wool is noijpe0pa took French leave and motormoving' because the mills are not j (.& tr Louisville in the car. Frombuying except for immediate needs, j there they went to Jeffersnnvilic,The feeling in the trade is that the where license was secured, and themarket will be stronger and more (marriage ceremony performed. Inactive by September or October, the meantime, Mr. -Leer, growingWool firms sdvise farmers to hold suspicious, made an investigation,Their wool and I agree with that hut could learn nothing 'of their,advice." x , v , , ' --whereabouts. He returned to Mil-When Mr. Ashby Leer, a prominent Millersburg farmer and tobacco dealer, returned to his homein that city Monday night he waspies'-nted with a telegram from Louisville, announcing the marriage iiJeffersonville. Indiana, that afternoon, of his daughter. Miss Josephine Leer, to Mr. Robert Turner,member of th" grocery firm' of Turret & Clayton, of this city.The marriage of the young people brought to light an interestingromance, the principal incident ofwhjch went on record as being a.most original ruse employed to eludeparents and friends in an elopement.The bride had been a guest of friendsat a house party given in her home1own. In the afternoon shf- saw herfather "and made the suggestion tohim that he take her and Mr. Turner to Lexington, where she desiredto no some shopping. All unsuspecting ihe ruse that. wTas to beplaved on him. Mr. Leer willinglycomplied, and the party procededto Lexington in Mr. Leer's car.While Mr. Leer went outto attendHillmGet wise to the astounding values we are offering inthis sale. Thousands of pairs of Pumps and Oxfords nowmarked down regardless of cost or value.Buy Tomorrow, Saturday, atCut PricesWe offer you the greatest Shoe Bargainsin town.LADIES' 8.00 AND $9.00 GRADESREDUCED TO$4.95Fine Glazed Kid Pumps, Lace Oxfords,high and low English heels, tan and blackkid, now $4.95.LADIES' $7.Q0 AND $8.00 GRADESREDUCED TOS3.95Buy a pair now! These are wonderfulvalues. Oxfords and Pumps in glazed kidleathers, plain toes and tips, now $3.95.LADIES' WHITE FOOTWEAR BARGAINSLadies' $2.50 and $3.00 English Lace Oxfordsand Pumps reduced to$1.99Ladies' $3.50 White Oxfords and Pumps,high and low heels," reduced to$2.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal English Shoes!$8.00 values, reduced toS5.85A big lot of Men's Shoes and Oxfords,styles, values to $8.0(j. reduced toall$4.95IT PA YS TO BUY AT THIS STORE.9ftDAN COHENParis 'Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty andEcoiiomy Rcif nn-jr' V1 t