.. Yt . . f H15it: - ,,-5Ck,,-.T5.-'-Tos-a -n.THEl VNEWSMa3rrwcrPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.- rVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 23, 1920-ys;BOURBON4m-3r:'&'iI5f'ff3. 4f-S4HEAVY SLEET DOES GREATDAMAGE IN PABIS.A heavy sleet, which followedhe rains of Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon, did a great amountof damage in this city and countyyesterday. The sleet began Wednesday night, and continued untillate in the afternoon, when itchanged to rain, which, in a smalldegree, helped to relieve the situation. Handsome shade trees have beenruined, broken down bodily or theirlimbs bowed over by the weight ofthe sleet. In many of the residencestreets, especially on Pleasant street,the -damage was almost incalculable.Telephone, telegraph, fire alarm andelectric light wires suffered, andthe fire alarm system was put outof commission, rendering the situation an extrejmely ticklish one.Telephone wires sagged to theground all over the city, and a largeforce of linemen spent the greaterpart of the day and far into lastnight, endeavoring to restore theinterrupted service. Service on theParis-Lexington interurban electricJine was interfered with, the hightension wires being down, no carsjunning until late in the afternoon.Rural mail route carriers out ofParis had to turn back on account ofthe roads being blocked with fallentelephone poles and huge limbs offallen trees. The electric light andpower system in the city wasdisrupted, the current being off fromearly morning until late in the afternoon, when the local plant wasput into commission. The pavements were covered with a glare ofice that rendered travel over thepnalmost impossible, and forcing pedestrians, for safety sake, to walk inthe streets. Large limbs blockedtravel on many of the streets.Over a mile and a half of theHome Telephone Co.'s wires weredown on the Bethlehem pike, putting a large number of phones outof compussion. The CumberlandCo. also suffered, though to a lesserpxtent. Many country people abandoned hope of getting to town intheir machines or other vehiclessnd walked in. Many who started intheir machines were forced to turnback on account of the impassableioads. Accidents were numerousthroughout the city, caused by fallson the slippery pavements, thoughnone were seriously Injured.The sleet was the second andheaviest of the present winter, being, according to local observers,fioni one-quarter to one-half incheshick.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Owing to the advance in price offlour, we have been compelled to advance price of bread -cent on theloaf. Quality considered, there isnone better.THE PARIS BAKING CO.,(20-2t)tf" 'FRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSWonderfulReductionsiCoatsV Suits' 'DressesGeorgette and Silk-WaistsStop in andThey willFRANK & CO,i yiSAoms'AN APPEAL FOR THE MASSESMEMORIAL HOSPITALStatistics Number patients admitted during 1919, 471; Nujmberhospital days, 5,943; average patients each day, 17; cost per day foreach patient, $4.35; total number ofoperations performed during 1919,216; number of births at hospital,13; number of deaths, 38, or lessthan 8 per cent. (When you stop toconsider that all people who are injured by accident are taken to thehospital, and that a great many sickpeople are taken there as a last "resort, this per centage is very low.Also it compares very favorably withresults in other hospitals.)Over 2,500 people have been takencare of during the existence of thisinstitution, of which number aboutone-third were taken care of without charge of any kind.If the people of Paris and Bourbon County will give these facts serious consideration, each and everyone of them will want to contributeso(mething to keep the Massie Hospital a living institution.Every person in the county is liable to have need for the hospital atany time. A few dollars contributed now is cheap Tiealth insurance.The people of small means shouldcontribute for their own protection.The people of large means shouldcontribute because they owe it tothe community.Don't let the other fellow do yourpart. A subscription left at any ofthe banks will be turned in to thecommittee that is endeavoring toraise the fund. Won't you do it today? oSNEAK THIEVES BUSYSneak thieves have been activelyat work in this city in the past fewdays. Several days ago a sneak thiefpurloined an overcoat belonging toJames Grinnell from the cloakroom at the Methodist church.The coat is still missing. So is thethief. Late Tuesday afternoonwhile a meeting of women of thePresbyterian church was in progressa. liirht-flnerered oartv entered therloak room and stole two handbagsbelonging to members of the gathering." The handbags containedEjtriall articles necessary to a woman's facial toilet, and a few trinkets, but nothing of monetary valuswas obtained. The nervy thiefmade his getaway without beingheard. The police were apprised ofthe affaii , but have no clue on whichto work.INSURANCE CLAIM PAID.A check for $2,015.60, in fullsettlement of a $2,000 policy on thelife of the 'late Elmer Myers, wasturned over this week to Mrs.Myers by Roy F. Clendenin. Associate General Agent oi xne uuuI western Mutual Life Insurance Co.I Proofs of death were filed with thecompany on January 9.on&,.SSVget oar prices.surprise you. i 0outfitters - .2 5TOBACCO MARKETSThe sales on the Paris marketblocked yesterday at the New Independent House No. 1, and no averages cduld be obtained. Owing tothe fact that all wires are down,and light and power are off in theredryers and the prizing rooms, after the sale is finished at Independent House No. 1, sale3 will suspendfor the day, resuming Mondaymorning at nine o'clock at the oldBourbon warehouse.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. cojmpleted their block sale ofWednesday in the Pans House, selling 291,225 pounds of tho weed for1133,809.14, a floor average of$45.94. Baskets sold as high as$1.04. The market was strong oncolory tobacco, with a very smallper cent, of it on sale. Some of thebest crop averages follow:George Wyatt, Jr., 2,270 pounds,average $74.27.Allan & Barton, 2,780 pounds, average $71.53.Knox & Kenriey, 2,475 pounds,average $73.40.Johnson & Ormes, 3,750 pounds,average $61.53.Wyatt & Thomas, 2,310 pounds,aveiage $61.26.Clay, Houston & Leach, 7,745,pounds, average $59.61.C. W. Redmon & Lay ton,pounds,, average $52.88.4,455Jones & Montgomery, 3,370pounds, average $62.47.Woodford & Frakes, 4,870 pounds,average $53.19.Sauer Bros., 2,335 pounds, average $50.37.Caldwell & Benton, 3,480 pounds,overage $65.22.Marshall & Moreland, 5,060pounds, average $64.48.Haggard & Harney, 2,945 pounds,average $61.09.Bedford & Douthitt, 2,275 pounds,average $55.90.Watkins & Shepherd, 4,645pounds, average $54.74.There was a better tone to themarket at the sales held Tuesday,and the quality of the offerings hadalso improved to a large' extent.The averages obtained were alsovery satisfactory. At the ParisHouse of .the Bourbon Tobacco-Warehouse Company, the sale aggregated 103,600 pounds, whichbrought a total of $53,978.88, afloor average of $52.10. The blocksale at the Independent House No.1, was finished Tuesday. There wasa large percentage of low grades.The sales totalled 167,705 pounds,which brought a total of $77,768.32,a floor average of $46.71.At the Tattersalls Tobacco Warehouse, in Lexington, Wednesday, ina blocked sale, Jonas Weil andKerns, of Bourbon county, disposedof a crop of 6,985 pounds of tobacco,for an average of $86.26. This isone of the very few crops of Bourbon raised tobacco that have beensold on the outside markets. TheParis market remains the best ever.TEACHERS ENTITLED TO PAYDURING GRIP EPIDEMICTeachers in the public schools areentitled to pay for the time schoolswere closed last fall and winter onaccount of the influenza, accordingto a decision by the Court of Appeals in favor of Susie Schojl againstCounty Superintendent B. A." Lawless, Russell county.Miss Scholl signed one of the contract forms sent out by the Department of Education. The superintendent had drawn a line thioughthe provision that she would be entitled to pay if school was tempolarily closed, and refused to pay herfor the time she lost.The Couit held that she had complied with her contract to teachand is entitled to the pay.Similar cases nave arisen in many!counties in the State.AUCTIONEER SPEAKES REPORTSTWO PUBLIC SALES.There was a large attendance atthe sale of stock, crop, etc., belonging to Chas. H. Meng, conducted onthe premires near North Middle-town, Tuesday, by Auctioneer Geo.D. Speakes. Prices ruled high. Thefollowing is a partial list, as reported by Auctioneer Speakes:Horses, $45; pair of mules, $440:cows, $95 to $175; Tieifers, $50 to$75; 1 bull, $75; sows and pigs,$40 to $75; sheep, $16 to $18.75:country hams, 45 cents per pound;shoulders, 31 cent per pound; sidemeat, 34 cents per pound; lard, 30to 34 cents per pound. Farming implements and household furniturebrought good prices.Wednesday, Auctioneer 4 Speakesconducted a public sale on thepremises near Clay's Cross Roads forDerrice Johnson, his stock, crop andiarming implements. Although theweather was very disagreeable therewas a large ciowd in attendanceand good prices were obtained. Onepair of three-year-old mules brought$395; one horse, $165; cows soldfrom $60 to $100 a head; broodsows from $37.50 to $42 a head;shoats $4.80 to $15 a head; yearling cattle-from $49 to $60 -a Tread;'turkey hens $7 each; corn in cribbrought from $8.35 to-$9 a barrel;hay $31 a ton; farming.4mplements.-brought satisfactory prices. ,;,REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS'Birch Claypool sold this week,through the real estate agency ofHarris & Speakes, a small farm ofthirty-five acres, located on the Millersburg and Cynthiana pike, fivemiles below Millersburg, to P. P,Tell, for $16,000. The purchaserwill move to the place in March.The Paris Realty Company soldTuesday a one-story bungalow located at 1505 Main street, toReuben H. Mattox, for a privateprice; also a frame cottage at 11West Fifteenth street, to EdwardStump, for a private price. Thepurchasers will move to their respective purchases about March 1.The real estate firm of Harris &Speakes closed one of the largestreal estate deals yesterday that hasbeen made lately, when they soldthe Stanhope Wiedemann farm of251 acres on the Georgetown pike toClay Cleveland and R. P. Talbottfor an aggregate consideration ofover $100,000.The Lucien B. Green farm, of 145acres, located on the Donelson andGrassy Lick pikes, in Montgomerycounty, was sold at public sale atthe court house door in Mt. Sterling,Tuesday, by Harris & Speakes, ofFaris, George D. Speakes, auctioneer. The land brought $351 anacre, and was sold to W. H. Ramseyand W. W. Eubank. Possessionwill be given March 1.Through the Harris & Speakesreal estate agency of this city, Geo.D. Speakes acting as auctioneer, thehome of Edsell May, at LittleRock, was disposed of at publicsale, to E. C. Wasson, for $4,235.On the sajme day thq same firm soldthe R. O. Richard farm, of 200acres, located near Sharpsburg, toW. A. Boyd, of Sharpsburg, for $276an acre. The place is well-improved.oLEXINGTON CHARGES AGAINSTBAKER DISMISSED.Charges of passing "cold" orworthless checks, preferred in Lexington against R. H. Baker, confinedWn the Paris jail, on similar charges,r5r . -. - j m j . -nVnvwere aismisseu i uesuay, wui a,.was taken there for trial in theFajette Circuit Court.The alleged victims who had beencaught by someone on the "coldcheck" route, appeared in Court andtestified that Baker was not thoman wanted, and the charges wereaccordingly dismissed. Baker wasreturned to Paris in charge of JailerThos. Taul, and gave bond in thesum of $100, with John Merringeias surety, for his appearance foitrial.oAUCTION SALE OP FURNITUREAuction sale of furniture, etc.,will be held next Saturday afternoon, January 24, at two o'clock atThe Ark. Si me good bargains.F. Bk THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(20-2Uo"CHEER UP MABEL" AT PARISGRAND."Cheer Up Mabel" when firstpresented to New York's theatregoers, was a decided hit. Later,however, it' proved a sensation, andafter long runs in New York, Chicago ancl Detroit, George E. Wint7lias taken the compaiiv on tfle road,and is now listed as one of the favorites of the American stage. Theproduction is as elaborate and thecast the same as appeared for'threemonths' record run at the Haymarket Theatre, Chicago, and later asensational run at the "Avenue Theatre, Detroit.The play opens with the fiist actshowing a beautiful Japanese California Home, the second turns to abig elaborate ballroom and the.third touches on a California beachscene at Venice, where you will seethe latest styles, by Madam Helene,in bathing suits deluxe. SupportingNyra Brown are John G. Getz, TomDenton, admitted by all the handsomest man ever employed by theVitagraph and Paramount pictureCompanies, also Lew Burke, J. Flolal, Miss Lehman and Joe Coyle,and the 'chorus is made up of beautiful movie girls, who are takingthis- opportunity to appear beforethe public in person instead of onthe screen. Taken in all, "CheerUp Mabel" has proven the sensationof the Musical Cqmedy shows of1919. At the Grand Opera House,Wednesday evening, January 28.oCHILDREN TO DONATE FOIL"VICTORY BELLS."Every child in America will beasked to give at least one penny toward the erection in New York ofa set of "victory chimes" which willling out in daily reminder of fhcsacrifices made by Americans in thewar, it Jias been announced by thenewly-organized Victory Chimos andCarillon Association.The' plans call for a series of forty-eighthells one for each State inthe Union on which w;ill be playeddaily a victory anthem composed forchildren, "the Star-Spangled Ban--ier".and"America."A forty-ninth bell, to be the largest bell in the world, would bemounded "only uponthe inauguration"or ieatfc oCa' rfesidenk of the "United States, x . . -ivAd'INRobert Lavin, of Paris, a Sophomore in the College of Arts andScientists at the University of Kentucky was a member of the teamfrom the University which went toLawrenceburg, January 13, andplayed against an independent teamfrom that town. The result was avictory for the University boys. Mr.Lavin, playing the position of forward, starred for the University.He has been prominent in athleticssince his appearance at the University, being a letter man on the football squad, and with an - excellentprospect to win his "K" in baskettall.Great interest is being evinced bythe students of the University in: their interclass basket ball srames.Miss Fannie Heller, of Pans, hasbeen elected Captain of the Sophomore teapn. She is also a substituteas guard on the Varsity. MissHeller made an enviable reputationin the field of athletics in HighSchool, being a member of theParis High School Championshipearn of 1918.Miss Heller's activities -are notlimited to athletics. She is prominent in various University organizations and in the work of the Y. W.C. A. She was recently electedtreasurer of the Philosophlan Literary Society and was one of the Y. W.C. A. delegates to the International.Student Volunteer Convention atDes Moines, Iowa.Sunday evening, January 18, at ajoint meeting of the University Y.W. C. A. and'Y. M. C. A., Miss Heller gave a report on one phase of thework done at the Convention, (making a very inspring and earnest talkon "The Call of the Orient."An old fashioned spelling match,such as our parents used to havewith their blue back spellers, washeld in the Journalism Departmentof the University of Kentucky recently. The contest was keen and spirited but finally all were "spelledThe contest was keen and spiritedbut finally all were "spelled down"except two young women, one ofwhom was Miss Evelyn Friedmanof Paris, Ky. They fought forhonors, and at last the prize for thebest speller was awarded to MissFriedman.JIM ALLEN-ISMS."Experts declare the way tobring down the price of eggs is forcity folks to enter the chicken bus-iness in a modest way. But no manwith a chicken can be modest."ALouisville doctor was called1r. -,-nr1- -i irnnninnia 1 9(5 fJirtM1C .uu last svecn. w va.v.w.i.i.v. v-PARIS STUDENTS HGURECOLLEGE EVENTSgirls with the Chu Chin Chow com-j000pany 'where it wouldn't show.' Oh,why didn't we study medicine?"WE KNOW MOWHere'sThat's ReallyGUARANTEEDThe Guarantee Tag-Blocked with aleaden seal on every "LEATHERJZED"suit says: "Satisfaction or your moneyis yours again!tJLeatherizedGUARANTEED SUITS FOR BOYSLined at elbows, pockets, seats andknees with fine, soft, real leather. Fabrics all wool, patterns nifty, stylessnappy and tailoring the best,for school wear. Sizes 6 to 18HEREAnd Nowhere Else in Town.Let Us Show You TO-DAY!MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREBOURBON REPRESENTATIVE OKIMPORTANT COMMITTEE - -The unanimous adoption of thejoint resolution for appointment of alegislative committee to investigateconditions at the Kentucky Feebleminded Institute-at Frankfort indicates that there will be quick actiontoward providing adequate fundsfor taking care of the inmates in theproper way. Senators Harlan,Bright, Miller, Branstette and Burton and Representatives Huntsman,Dean, Stults, Kaufman, Humphrey,Gossett and James H. Thompson, ofBourbon, were appointed on thecommittee, and made an official visitto the institution Wednesday afternoon. The House, Wednesday morning,,on motion 'of Representative Lazarus, of Louisville, tabled a resolution by Representative Hardin ofWebster, Democrat, to invite William H. Taft and William J. Bryanto address the General Assembly onquestions of public importance Thevote was 52 to 38. a strict party-vote.FATHER-AND-SON WEEKRepresentatives of schools ofParis, Lexington, Frankfort, Carlisle, Winchester, Owingsville, Nlcholasville, Georgetown, Dover andMillersburg, held a (meeting in Lexington recently for the purpose ofdiscussing plans for observing National "Father-and-Son Week."Conferences of High School boysin three districts were arranged, tobe held within the next two months.Boys in the Paris district will holdtheir conference in Paris on February 13. "Father-and-Son" banquetwill be one of the features of theobservance by the local1 organization. The High School will observe'the week also.UNION OF METHODIST CHURCHES IS APPROVEDRecommendations of the jointcqmmission of Methodist Episcopalchaurches. North and South, thathe two branches again be reunitedwere unanimously adopted by thetwo branches again be reunitedwere unanimously adopted by theconvention adopted by the convention of the 100 or more churches atLouisville. The meager lan provided that the unified churches benamed the Methodist Church.The recommendations of the contrmission will be submitted to thegeneral conference for final decision.A committee of ten was appointed toine conferencej Under the new constitution of theMethodist Church, there would be asupreme general conference compos-mo swen Jn.! .' J31X OI LlieSrtJ WUU1U wiioioi. Jt- nun"momhir:' averagingabout 1,000,-members each, andonG wouia embrace thethe otherone would embrace the entire negro1 .membership of 303,000.a Boy's GarmentiIdealyears.J:?&-ri"ttt'y3TnL"Z-4-vVv1, a-- jj ...rf , fa-j-i"M'4" . .i ..rs S-wr r -f - 1--VSir- 1-. '- r. . --, - - t - ,jtZ? -, ,.VPAGE TWOTHE-BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYF&IDAY, JANUARY 23, 1920.Solar shoes and four-dollar shirts.all along the line.Nearly all of us have been livingabove our incomes just because itwas the easiest thine to do. We.pnust get back to the ground again.The man with a three or tour-tnous-and-dollarincome who pays tendollars for a shirt and fifteen dollarsTHRIFT IS SIHL A VIRTJJEThe time has come for the peoplesf this country to get their spending off a war basis and on a peaceBasis. It is time for a revival ofthrift, a return to the good old ideathat there is something immoral inthe wastine" of monev. We haveMad an orgy of money-making;, it is ' for a pair of shoes is tne man wno isifcne for a season of money-saving. I going to be presently talking hardNo one, of course, will think for; limes and clamoring for more money,a minute that ,we are advising any What such a man really needs is notpolicy of tight-fistedness, any en-' a large incofme but to be "bored fordeavor to save money by doing with- ; the simples." Everyone of us whoout things 1 hat are really needed on attempts to go on at a war-timethe farm. The making of money spending gait will need the samemust come before the saving of thins.money in every jcase, and tne farmerwho "saves" by doing without thethings that would enable him toeasn more is really a very extravagant citizen.But there can be no question thatwe have all been wasting money oflate. During the war we could notafford to stop to count the cost ofwinning it and we had to win it;, orall our savings would have beenworth nothing. So we put ourmoney Into it without regret andalmost without thought. Unfortunately, too, we acquired the habit Jof putting it into other things, notso essential, in the same way. Theresult was that we soon found ourselves paying prices we had neverThought of paying and often forthings we had never before thoughtof buying. The general willingnessto spend without hesitation or consideration has. unquestionably beenone of the great reasons for theheight to which prices have soared.Apples wore sold last winter forten and fifteen cents apiece. Everybody knew that those prices wererobbery, hut everybody bought thehigh-priced apples just the same.Men who used to be satisfied withpaying five dollars for a pair ofshoes or one dollar for a shirt didnot stop with paying ten dollars forthe same shoes or two dollars for thesame shirt; they bought fifteen-dol-LEGISLATOES NOT DOCKED FOESUNDAYS OR HOLIDAYS.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE.When a druggist finds that hiscustomers all speak of a certainpreparation, he forms a good opinionof it and when in need of such amedicine is almost certain to use ithimself and in his family. This iswhy so many druggists use and recommend Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. J. B Jones, a well knownlruggist of Cuburn, Ky., says, "Ihave used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy in pny family for the pastseven years, and have found it to bethe best cough medicine I have everknown."(adv-jan). oEX-SPEAKER CHAMP CLARKGRADUATE OF TRANSYLVANIA.Fornier Speaker of the NationalHouse of Representatives, ChampClark, of Missouri, is one of thealumni of Transylvania College, atLexington. Speaker Clark wrote ininteresting vein of his experience asa college student at Lexington inhis memoirs published in an American Magazine of National circulation a few years ago.. . oReform is too often but the offbhoot of remorse.Legislators in attendance on thesessions of the General Assembly-can draw pay for Sundays and holidays, according to the ruling of Attorney General Charles I. Dawson,in response to the request of ClerkLilburn Phelps.Dawson holds that the statute providing for $10 a day "during attendance on the sessions" and 15 centsa mile for necessary travel to andfrom the sessions includes Sundaysand holidays as well as actual working days.The attorney general replied tothe request of the .budget commission as to whether it had authorityin preparing the budget to providefor higher salaries for employesthan those jmentioned in the statuteby answering in the negative, saying the commission should makeprovision for the salaries as fixed bythe statute and no more.BEWARE THE DOG KILLER!GET LICENSE TAGFor SaleA first-class 60-in. Roll Top officedesk. A bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO. ,(19-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tuoes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tlre3:H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.WMHMfMMMFEED IHmFJTREDUCED PRICESONClover ani AlfalfaMayBuying in large quantities has. enabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a spe-- ' cial price on our preseut stock ofhay. Phone - your order beforeour stock is sold.Perry, McGann & MitchellBoth Phones 84jijhjBBBBBPi9lBpwBHK!gjjawWE are qualifiedto carry outthe instructions ofthose who employ usbecause of our wideexperience and because of our thoroughly modern equipment.Our service is efficient and courteous2nd we are fair inall our business dealings."Where is my wandering dog tonight?" will be the refrain of manya dog-owner in Paris unless theytake the precaution to have theirprize or pet animals licensed andwearing a license tag in plain viewat all times.Sheriff Will G. McClintock anddeputies are determined to strictlyenforce the provisions of the dogtax law, and propose to catch everydog not wearing the required tag,ai?d to arrest every dog owner whorefuses to comply with the provisions of the law.Owners of dogs are subject to afine not exceeding $100 and imprisonment not exceeding threemonths for failing to have theirdogs licensed. Mr. McClintock explains for the benefit of the publicthat every dog must wear a licensetag, as simply paying the licensefee will not answer the whole purpose and intent of the law.LOSTBetween the Y. M. C. A. buildingand residence of Rev. W. E. Ellis, ablack leather mesh bag containing asum of money and several checkspayable to Mrs. C. B. McShane.Finder leave at this office and receive suitable reward. (9-tf)SPLENDID BRICK RESIDENCEa . ATPUBLIC AUCTION!I will offer at Public Auction onSaturday , January 3 1st,at 2:00 p. m.f our residence, corner of Thirteenth and High Streets.Brick house with slate roof, six rooms, with bath, gas and electriclights, and in a good neighborhaad. This house was built by Mr. G.W. Wilder for a home, and everything that went into it is first class.Sale positive.Col. Geo. Speakes, Auctioneer.(16-5t)S. K. KKJHOLS.LostBetween Fifth and Ninth streets,on Saturday night, a brown furneckpiece. Finder will please returnto this office.LOST DOGTwo-years-old black coon dog.Wore leather collar, but no licensetag. Had white spot on breats.Last seen on the Redmon pike,December 21. Suitable reward forreturn.J. B. TAYLOR,(19-tf) R. F. D. No. 4. Paris, Ky.IT'S SURPRISINGThat So Many Paris People Fail ToRecognize Kidney WeaknessAre you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges; headaches, dizzyspells?Go to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few knowwhat to do. ,It's surprising how few suspectthe kidneys.It's surprising how few knowwhat to do.Kidney trouble needs kidney1 reatment.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thekidneys only. Ask your nighbor.Ha-se convinced Paris people oftheir merit. 1Here's a Paris case; Paris testi-You should read it.should read it.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly thinkthey xare a good, reliable kidneyremedy. Whenever my kidneya havee.cted irregularly or my back hasbeen weak or lame, I have used abox or so of Doan's Kidney Pills.They have always relieved me ofthe complaint."- Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney lemedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)u -One of the strangest things inthis woild i? how many girls arepainters and how few are pupeihangers.For RentThree-room, furnished house. Callat Y. M. C. A. (20-2t)Country Ham WantedWe want country hams, largeones preferred. Bring them to usfor the cash.BLUE GRASS CAFE,E. H. Brannon & Co., Props.,418 Main St., Paris, Ky.(20-3t-pd)ATTENTIONFARMERSWe offer special Cut Prices whenbuying- larger quantities.Soap, by the box; Coffee, 25 lbs.or over; Canned Goods, by the Case;Syrups in Case Lots; all at from 10to 25 cents off the dollar.Take our advice, lay in 6 monthsor a year's supply, and you'll make ftdouble saving. Goods are NOT going down, but will be much higherfrom month to month.Save "your money by dealing atTHE BUSY BEECASH STORE(20-4t)CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Calls-answered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 917.S. R. HUBNALL,Office No. 6 Bank How..(23dec-tf)WHERE CLIMATE ANDSOU ARE NEVER IDLEIN THE HIGHLANDS OF LOUISIANABUY A HOMEClimate-mild, even and helthful. Get away from the rigorous winter.Soil rich, sandy lome welladapted for all staple cropscorn, oats, potatoes, cotton andsugar cane in abundanceSplendid schools. Good roads.Price A-ny size tracts from 40acres up only $30 per acre.Piano SeekersFor Sale, Pianos, Player Pianod,Talking Machines and Records. Ifyou have an old 65 note Player,will change it to latest 88 notePlayer. We also do Tuning nnd Repairing. J-. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John IS. Geis. Representative. 91$,wr lain Street, Paris, -Ky.Cumheriand Phone 57 S.(13jany-tf)NOTICE.The undersigned, on Thursday,January 1, 1920, adopted a slightchange in their scale of prices, andbeginning on that date will chargetwenty cents for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD,CAHAL BROTHERS,, ' RUSS CORBIN.(2jan-tf) , .- 5'JT. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate, LiveStock, Personal Property. LockBox 90. Write for date.': T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown. Ky.(jan6-tf)jWANTED NOWWe are looking for a wide-awakelepresentative in this county; a manwho is willing to work and "niakegood," to sell our V1TAPLASTICwaterproof roofing, light and heavy,house paints, iron and wood preserving, paints, fine enamels, lubricatingoils and greases for autos and tractors, high grade machine oils and ageneral line of our . VITAPLASTICproducts direct from our factory tothe consumer.THE QUALITY BRANDS CO.Cleveland. Ohio.Louis D. Singer, State Agent,Box J. Harrodsburg, Ky.I will be here shortly 'and if youare looking for aii opportunity likethis, write to me at once so I canarrange to see you when I am here.Men with rigs or Fords preferredbut not absolutely necessary.PUBLIC SALEOFHOLSTEIN COWS!Seven pure-bred Holstein cowsand heifers, several extra heavymilkers, two now fresh,Saturday, January 24, 1:30 p. in.at the Bruce Miller farm, one milefrom Paris on .the Georgetown pike.Also four Jersey cows, one Guernseyand four Polled Angus heifers,- fourgood work mules. 2 wagons, one cutting liarrow, piowy and several tons.baled timothy hay.(16-30 " D. S. HENRY.Terms $6 cash, no furtherpayjments for three yeara, thenbalance in five annual payments. Seven years to pay forland.Write at once or urtner information. . miS. T. HANDLE CO502 Fayette Bank Bldg.LEXINGTON, - KENTUCKYThe Blue Grass Realty Co.Office Broadway, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES No. 224 PARIS, KENTUCKYNo. 1No. 2-No. 3No. 4-'No. 5No. 6No. 7No. 8No. 9No. 10-4-room house on Vine Street $2,000.006-room house on Vine Street 3,500.00-8-room house on Cypress Street. 5,000.007-room house on Cypress Street 7,250.006-room house on Seventh Street 7,250.007-room brick on High Street 10,000.006-room brick on Mam Srreet 3,500.004-room brick on Nineteenth Street 2,25.00-8-room brick on Pleasant Street 4,500.00-6-room brick on High Street 5,500.00We Have Other City PropertyAlso a Nice List of Farms from 10 to 400 AcresWe would be glad to call for you and show you anyproperty we have listed. SeeB. T. BISHOP or J. H. FLORAFurs, Hides, Junk, Wool jWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, Kentucky!No matter how loiig youliave Been a coffee drinker, you will find it easy tochange to . ,lTNOlATNlPOSTUM. The flavor is similar.The only difference is thecertainty' that no harmfulafter effects can possiblyfollow:Sold by Grocers everywhereMade byPostum Cereal Co. Battle Creek, Michigan.Ciih.4fe 41FRIDAY, JANUARY'23, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE THREE-IIV,rTOO WEAK TODO ANYTHINGASsnocs Feminine illness RemediedBy Ly&a E. PuMam's VegetableCompound.Casco, Wis. "After the birth of eachof my children 1 had displacement andwas so weak Icouldn't do anything1 found a bookabout Lydia E. Pinkh a m's VegetableCompound sothought I would tryit, and alter takingit I soon felt better. That was fifteen years ago andI have felt well eversince except that Ihad a slight attackof the trouble some time ago and tookBorne more of your Compound and wasgoon all right again. I always recommend your medicine and you may publish my testimonial for the benefit ofother women." Mrs. Jules Bero, Jr.,R. 1, Box 99, Casco, Wis.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, made fromnative roots and herbs,contains no narcotic or harmful drugs,and today holds the record of being themost successful remedy for female illsin tills country, and thousands of voluntary testimonials prove this fact.If you have the slightest doubt thatLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you, write to Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential)Lynn, Mass., for advice. Your letterwill be opened, read and answered by awoman, and held in Ftrics confidence.1 iiVPPfVuy"" -" fljBSBfiwStffnPiJ J 39sbHSS n 4flBBBBBlaBBB83oaBBB i. WwfjVMiss Myra Brown, prize winner asAmerica's most beautiful actress.Briaia Donna in "Cheer Un Mabel."?at Grand Opera House, Wednesday,January z$.SUPPLEMENTAL HONOR ROLLFOR DECEMBERubjs nojSuiusuAYAvopni.vv psqsuAYim uu pniqaq Sup91S SiCop siq 30 qsotu spuods ppoAV pij-rjmraq ovft 30 a8ia jnep puo.iq xt Sun-?aS noqu S5iB oua uuiu v .CaujSOJBJcJ PUB d303JdSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.IllProlific Country.Frequently three crop3 a jear areraised in Abyssinia.ffilFREEDELIVERY!l .::1M We have made arrangements with the Merchants'Delivery Company for twoi deliveries a day.I'mYour business is solicited.Both phones.1Mrs. Ellis' CashI GroceryI Opposite Court HouseParis, Ky.JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL.GRADE 7 (FIRST DIVISION.)Henry Sandusky 93, Emma Dickson 91, Clarine Wills 91, RoubyLovell 93, Ruth Lovell 93, Lorenna Steagall 94, Agnes White 94,Frances Clarke 96, Gladys Farnier93, Trella Lee Collins 92, ThelmaCollier 93, Madge Ingram 90, Eleanor Payne 92, Pansey Burns 93,Vivian Wallingford 94, Bruce Gardner 91, Garnet S win ford 93, FrancesThompson 95, Kathryn Young 94.GRADE 7 (SECOND DIVISION.)Elmeta Douglass 95, Harry Tucker 98, Edna Rose 91, Nina Maxey 92,Eleanor Swango 91, Harry B. Clay1 94, Stella Ballard 90, Elizabeth- I Mason 94, Louise Martin 92, Hallan' Goldstein 96, Edith Barlow 94, Ger-7 trude Lykins 94, Lucille Harp 91,Ida Lee Wheeler 92, Ethel M.Shankland 95, Nell Winn Hinton 91.JUNIOR HIGH.GRADE 8.Edgar Hill 96, Blanton Collier94, Carolyn Wilmoth. 94, NancyDeaver 94, Dillard Bird 93, Elizabeth Dillon 92, Sallie Steagall 92,Anna L. Sauer 92, Marjorie Trisler91, Constance Hill 91, HenriettaArnold 90, Mary Sandusky 90, Lillian Talbott 90, Louise Fisher 90.MISS CRISP, MISS RANSON ANDMRS. FISHBACK, TEACHERS.SENIOR . HIGH SCHOOL HONORROLL.FRESHMAN CLASS.Maitha Collier 93, Irene Estes 91,Leslie Smith 95, Thomas Spicer 93,Anita Overby 94, Katheryn Wills93, Thelma Payne 91, Mary May 91,Harmon Taylor 90,SOPHOMORE CLASS.Joe Ewalt 96, Ann T. Ewalt 95,Margaret Hill 94, Gilbert Lavin 94,Mary K. Doyle 94, Virginia Hancock 94, Thelma Brannock 93,Katherine Wallingford 93, NannetteArkle 92, Mary McWilliams 92,Mary L. Collier 90, Elizabeth Greer90, Thecla San ten 90.SENIOR HIGH.JUNIOR CLASS.Minnie Galloway 93, MorrisPrice 92, Anne Talbott 92.SENIOR CLASS.Margaret Lavin 93, Dorothy Tingle 92, Hazel Brewsaugh 91, AnneMeglone 90, Elsie Jacoby 90, Christine McCord 90, Catherine Jacoby90.JanuaryClearance SaleWith prices on. a continual upward trend this isa value-giving occasion of unusual importance.These corsets are late styles in coutil and brocades, flesh and white, and include the choicestfront and back laced models inREDFERNWARNERParisian ModelDelphine$4.00 and $5.00Corsets at. $2.89$7.00 $10.00Corsets at Corsets mt. $4.95 $7.48A good selection of sizesfitted without chargeby competent corsetieres.Tarisian Corset Storecorner JRACEand OPERA PLACE ONONNmSfiool mail order service, add 15c for postageMrs. Anna Lee, of .Carlisle, isa patient at the Petree Sanitarium,on Vine street.Mrs. Rosa M. 'Payne has goneto Florida to spend the remainderof the winter.Charles Spears left yesterdayfor Eustis, Fla., to spend the remaing winter months.Miss Sue Jordan left Tuesdaywith Mr. and Mrs. Louis Taylor forClearwater, Florida, to spend thewinter.Robert Lee Frank has returned frojin a business trip to NewYork City in the interest of Frank& Co.Mrs. Tillie Brent Woodall, ofCovington, is a guest at the home ofMr. N, Ford Brent, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancockhave as guest at their home onPleasant street Miss Elizabeth ClayAlexander, of Cincinnati.' Mrs. Cordie Parker entertained the members of the ThursdayBridge Club at her home on Mainstreet yesterday afternoon.Miss Ruth Noel, of Winchester,has been engaged as teacher for theMcllvaine School, near Paris, andwill assume her duties next Monday.Mrs. Luther Rice win oe Hostess this afternoon at the home ofMrs. F. P. Kiser, on Houston avenue, to the members of the FridayBridge Club.Mis. N. H. Eckler and brothers,E. M. and A. F. Wheeler, have returned from Harrison county, wherethey were called by the serious illness of their aged father.Tvrvc Miltnn n. Rrowniiur is aguest of her brother, Dr. LourFrank, and Mrs. Frank, in Louisville. Mr. and Mis. Browning willreturn soon to Cleveland, Ohio, toreside.Mrs. Russell Clayton entertained the Wednesday Bridge Clubat the Sweet Shop. A number of interesting games were played, theplayers afteiward enjoyea a uiuutyluncheon.Dr. Elbridge Snapp, of the drugfirm of Brooks & Snapp, will leaveto-day for Indianapolis, Ind., to attend the annual convention anddemonstration given by the PatheFreres Phonograph Company.Whittington Mann has been seriously ill at his home on Houstonavenue for several days, and hismany friends are apprenensive oihis condition. He was reported yesterday as being about the same.Joseph Speakes has returned tohis home in this city after an extended visit to friends and relativesin Los Angeles, Call., and has resumed his former position as motorman on the Paris and Lexington intorurban road.Mrs W. B. Griffith and daughter, Miss Nancy Griffith, have mova in Tpvintrton. to leside in the future with Mr. and Mrs. Powell Bosworth. The residence they have vacated in this city has been leasedby Miss Letitia Clay. Miss MargaretGriffith te attending college in Lexington. H. A. Power, president of thePower Grocery Company, of thiscity, left Wednesday for New YorkCity, to attend the annual convention of the Wholesale Grocers' Association. He was accompanied by3,1s daughter, Mrs. Edward F. Prichard, who will visit Miss Selina Sommerville and other friends in NewYoik.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Keal entertained with a six-o'clock dinner recently in honor of their daughter,Miss Louise Keal. Those who partook of the hospitality of the evening were Mr. and Mrs. John M.Woods, Mr. and Mrs. WallaceWoods, of Winchester; Mr,., and Mrs.James R. Stivers, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur L. Burley, Miss Lucinda Paton,Joseph H. Stivers and Sherman H,Stivers,i John McDermott, manager ofthe Postal- Telegraph Co.'s localeffice, has returned from a ten-daysvacation spent in Louisville, visiting his mother, Mrs. Margaret Mc-Denmott, and his sister, Mrs. P. J.Handley. Mr. McDermott, broughtback with him all needful information in regard to the spring stylesboth jmasculine and feminine, andproudly displays the season's latest,the new derby hat.Misses Clara, Louise and NinaBuchanan entertained at their homenear Paris with a five hundrednarty. Luncheon was served, followed by a number of interestinggames. The guests for the eveningwere Mesdames R. S. Darnaby, SamCrawford, Lee Stephenson, VirgilGaitskill, Bowen Stipp, ErnestDarnaby, Varden Shipp, WalterGibson, W. C. Worthington, FrankBuchanan, Willis Liver, Robertfctipp, I. C. Haley and Mary Haley,Misses Grace Haskins and ElizabethBuchanan.(Other Personals on Page 5)oBANKS FACE BRIGHT PROSPECTS FOR YEAR.PURE BREHDUROCSALESBrood Sows From the Two Famous HerdsIN OLD BOURBONThat are Classed Among the VeryBest Duroc Herds in the United StatesMr. Farmer, here is your opportunity. Whether youare a Duroc breeder or you raise hogs only for pork,you will find it very profitable to own some of thesegood sows. Don't let foreign buyers come in here andtake away all the good thingsCollinwood FarmWm. Collins, Geo. Clayton, Props.Sale January 27thBridgeway FarmW. S. Meng, ProprietorSale January 28thBoth Sales at Collinwood Farm, North Middletown, Ky.You are cordially invated.Johnny's MistakeJohnny went to answer the doorbell and replied to i woman's inquiriesthat his mother was out. "Thankyou, I will leave my card," Mjo said,taking out her purse. As she did sothe square tissue paper that was withthe card fluttered out Mid landed onthe steps, "ifey, mi-M-" toutedJohnny, after the dcpr.uinj; filler,"you dropped a oigairlte p-'ptr. 'Pittsburgh Post.geig'iBaniggggr ggiiiiSEa;ryjjuj.j.i'Bn-o-CORN FOR SALE1 75 barrels Escondida, cribbed inthe fall before the heavy rains. Handsorted and nice.COLLIER BROS.MEa))Office Opposite Paris TobaccoH WarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257g-c3titi II I I I I I 1 1 1MMEANSSINISGENUINEPrescribed By Physicians For OverEighteen" YearspAYBWip!?Each package and tablet of genuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" ismarked with the safety "BayerCross.'The "Bayer Cross" means you aregetting genuine Aspirin, prescribedby bhysicians for over eighteen year.In the Bayer package are safeand proper directions for Colds,Headache, Toothache, Earache,Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Lumbago,Sciatica, Neuritis and Pain gener-erally.Handy tin boxes of 12 tabletscost only a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger Bayer packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)1920Jjuick ModelsNow in stock andready to demon- ;strate. New ship- Jment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.kt Half Price,And LessAH Kinds of Furniture andStovesExceedingly bright prospects forbusiness during 1920 are reportedby the officials of Paris and Bourbon county banks, deposits at thislime being increased over those ofthe corresponding time last year.Bank officials report much more(money in circulation this year thanin any previous, and it ib tne general opinion of bankers that thecoming year will be a more prosperous one for Paris than has, hithertobeen experienced. Conditions aregood for almost every kind of business, and the daily and weekly deposits of many Arms are now doublewhat they formerly were,.,oOne of the strangest things intfctn world ia Tiow often a girl for-tgets to carry a handkerchief and always rememtttra xo ietcn ner puwuwrag.We have on hand nowSchubert Piano,Fine OrganParlor Sets, (Brass Beds,Folding Beds,Davenets,Leather LoungeDavenports,Dining Tables,Kitchen Tables, ,Kitchen Cabinet,Dining Chairs,Center Tables. .Clocks,Gas Heating Stoves,Gas Cooking Stoves,Large Coal Range,Large Gas Range,Fancy Mahogany Mirror,Nice lot Pictures,Many beautiful articles at suraenough bargain prices.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.iMake Date for 1DemonstrationC, S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St.Busv BeeCash Store!t-tt):IX&SXiiKsV.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment, BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 239 JCenter Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky."iIIvrV. v-rAflB:feOt)aiTr-ffTHE BCMUifflONNEWSi, BARIS, : KENTUEYvTUESDAY, JANUARY l.l$2tvKLf -X. It I. WHTEB, BAMACKS IffFL91ID A AEE BUHNED. The winter home of the Kentucky Military Institute, at EauGallie, Florida, was destroyed byIflre early Tuesday morning, causinga loss of about $50,000. Covered byInsurance. Colonel Gruber, superintendent of the school Tuesday, telegraphed: v"School barracks burned here:Ko one injured. School shall remain here for the winter."Frankness is a good bait,flattery catches more fish.butP0?VLi RAILROAD MANREAL "COLONEL."NOW,Captain J. W. Throckmorton, thegenial station master at the UnionStation, in Lexington, and one of"war horses" of the Republicanparty in the county, has been appointed an aide-de-camp on the staffof Governor Morrow with the ranjfof colonel. He received his commission with a personal letter fromthe Governor.Another reason why little children think their father is the smartest man in the world is because theyhaven't gone to college yet.ARTISTS TO GREET A. -PARIS AUDIENCE.Stop,ThinkJet!-.(.:MR. FARMER,Are You a Borrower of Money?If not, could you use some extramoney on a long time loan at a lowrate of interest?In Either CaseCall to See Us!We have something for you. . Nomore need you fear the auctioneer'shammer. No use to sacrifice to your,creditors. The INTEREST you paytoothers eats up the PRINCIPALhere.Paris music-lovers will have anopportunity next Monday night ofhearing three artists, one of whorn,Mr. Jules Falk, the epninent violinist, has appeared here on other occasions. Their recital to be given atihe Paris High School auditorium,at 8:15 p. m. next Monday, by Mr.Falk, in connection with Miss Malvina Erlich, pianist, and Miss Estelle Wentworth, soprano, will be arare musical event.Mr. Falk "is well and favorablyknown to Paris people. He Is acousin of Mr. Louis Wollstein, off.his city, and an artist of undoubtedexcellence. Miss Wentworth, withwhom he will appear in several duets, possesses a voice of rare charmand warmth. Miss Erlich, the accompanist, is one of the foremostamong the younger pianists, whoseextensive European recognitionduring her studies abroad gainedher fame before she entered theconcert field in this country.The recital will be given underthe auspices of the Bourbon CountyWar Mothers' Association, and forthis reason, as well as the excellenceof the program to be presented,there should be a large audienceJpesent next Monday night.county, SCHOOL thbxet essayCONTEST.The Bourbon County Thrift Campaign Compiittee has announcedplans for an Essay Contest onThrift among the schools of thecounty. One dollar will be given tothe prize winners in each schoolilnd $5.00 for the best essay in thecounty. The essays must not bemore than 300 words long. Thecontest closes Friday, January 30.Each teacher selects the judges forher own school. A Central Committee will act as judges for thecounty contest. All prize winningessays must be mailed to Supt. Caywood by January 31st.The essay winning the BourbonCounty prize will be published inthe papers.Public Sale of Draft Mares!, rtitCo-Operating Land andDevelopment Co.230 Main StreetParis, KentuckyjiT.ATTENTION, YOUNG LADIESThe Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company requires more young women lolearn Telephone Operating.We will teach you and payyou while learning. Regularand frequent increases areinsured.We like to employ alert,earnest young women, whoare courteous by 'nature andhave the ambition to succeedby doing their work correctly.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONETELEGRAPH COMPANY.(Incorporated.)Jan'2-tf"COUGH UP" FOE THE MASSIEHOSPITAL rURD.Not an elegant expression, but ascertain as the sun rises, it is a mostexpressive one. ThiB applies to thecampaign -for funds for the MassieMemorial Hospital, now in progress-in Paris. The institution needsfunds for many purposes, each andevery one of them, a worthy one.Be ready. Contribute to the fund.Help the Hospital, and in so doingbe helping someone else, either directly or indirectly. You may haveto go there some day yourself,Nice thought. "I helped to raise the(money to keep this place going."STRIPPED TOBACCO BURNEDJOCKEY CLUB BOARD IS SELECTED AGAIN.The hoard of directors of the Kentucky Jockey Club, with the additionof the new member, George J. Long,was re-elected for another year at ameeting of the stockholders, held inLouisville. They are Johnson N.Camden, Charles F. Grainger, MattJ. Winn, A. T. Hert, R. W. Bingham, Lawrence Jones, Maurice L.Galvin, Henning Chambers, P. JHanlon and George J. Long. "Col.Matt I. Winn, general manager ofihe Kentucky Jockey Club, " andHarry Breivogel, resident managerof the Latonia track, came downfrofm Covington for the session.Sherman Goodpaster, secretary ofthe State Racing Commission, wasalso present.o -Unfortunately the dreamer doesn'talways wake up to find himself famous.A large crop of tobacco belongingto Thos. F. Triplett, was lost whenthe tenant house which sheltered iton the owner's farm, near Paris,, wasdestroyed-by fire of unknown originTuesday night. The blaze was seenby neighbors, who hurried to thescene to give aid, but the house wasdestroyed before they reached it.Mr. Triplett's loss was not reported,but as the tobacco was not insured,it is probably total.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoFOR A WORTHY CAUSEThis week there is in progress a"drive" or campaign among the business men of Paris, headed by aj coonmi ttee of well-known men, for fundsfor the Massie Memorial Hospital.When the solicitors come to see you,give of your means, and count it aworthy contribution. You knowwhat tho Massie Hospital means toParis. You are someone near anddear to you, may alpnost any day bein need of its help. It is a worthycause. Help the hospital with yourcontribution.APPELLATE COURT ORDERSHines, Director General, vs.Burns - Administrator, Bourbon;agreement filed; appellee given until January 17, and appellant untilFebruary 2, to file briefs. Appelleeflled- brief on pnotion to dismiss.withv notice. Appellee filed briefi with notice.I will self at public auction; -to the highest bidder, attha- 'liverystable of Thos. G. Morris, on Main street, in this city, on FebruaryCourt Day,Monday, February 2, 1920,at 1:30 o'clock, p. m., one carload of extra draft mares. This will bone of the best consignments that I have ever shipped into this country. All are well-broke, and ranging from four to six years old. I amthe man who sold that extra fine carload of mares in Paris about thistime last year, and every man was well pleased with his purchase. Ihandle nothing but the best that money can buy. Every anJjmal sold atthis sale will be offered with my personal guarantee behind it.(jan23-30) BR. H. APFEL, Cynthiana, Ky.How Jack DeceivedHis BrideWhen voung Jack Halpin broached the subject of life insurance to his bride, she threw up her hands in horror and"I don't want you to take out life insurance, Jack," shecried "I don't want to think of your dying and leaving meand even if you did take out a policy and you did die, Fd never,never touch a penny of the money. It's too grewsome to thinkabout, so please don't mention it again."Jack tried to explain that a man didn't have to die to win inlife insurance, but all of no avail.AND THEN HE DECEIVED HERWithout letting her know, Jack took out a policy for $5,000.The years went by little Jacks and little Mabels came tobless their union and Jack senior invested in more life insurance. At the expiration of comparatively a few years, he handedher a clear deed for a cozy home, bought with the principal andaccrued interest of his first life insurance policy.Mrs; Jack is not opposed tc life insurance now she seeswherein the safe and sane business proposition lies Protectionat all times, for the family, and not a chance to lose.R. F. CLENDENINASSOCIATE GENERAL AGENTNorthwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.Suite 201-202 Brst National Bank Building,Cumb. Phone 3 7 Home 72.PARIS, KENTUCKYNATIONAL THRIFT WEEK PROGRAMJanuary 17th to 24thFAMILY BUDGET DAY, FRIDAY, JAN. 23JBudget - EstimatesBelow you will find an estimate, bated on gorernment statistics, of how families of different sizes and incomes are spending in these days of the high cost ofHying. The information will be suggestive in helping you make up your estimates. The budget items and the amounts given may need adjusting to meet yourown family needs. "BUDGET ESTIMATES.Income or salary for one month... $ 75.00 $100.00 $150.00 $ 75.00 $100.00 $150.00 $ 75.0oi$100.00 $150.00 $100.00 $150.003200.00$250.001$300.00Number of persons in family 1 1 1 2 2 2 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 4Shelter, rent or mortgage interest,property taxes fire insurance 'repairs '. '. -10.00 12.00 14.00 15.00 19.001 25.001 16.00 20.00) 25.00 21.00 30.00 '35.001 45.00 55.00'r- Operating expenses, including light,furnishings, extra help, repairs, jheat, car-fare and incidents. .... 4.00 S.OOf 6.00 8.00 10.00 12.001 9.00 11.00 15.00 12.00 16.00 24.00 30.00 36.00Food or hoard. .' 25.00 26.00 27.00 28.00 30.00 34.00 35.00 36.00 39.00 40.00 45.00 54.00j 59.00 64.00IClothing j 10.00 11.00 12.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 12.00 13.001 14.00 15.00 17.00 24.00 30.00 35.00Advancement, including education, Irecreation, vacation 5.001 10.00 15.00 5.00 7.00 9.00 1.00 5.00 10.00 3.001 9.00 10.00 14.00 -21.00- Giving to unselfish causes, not in-' ' eluding personal gifts 8.00 12.00 20.00 2.00 10.00 15.00 1.00 5.00 15.00) 3.00 15.00 20.00 25.00 31.00Saving and investing," savingsbanks, W. S. S., payment onhome, life insurance, etc 12.00 22.00 52.00 5.00 10.00 39.00 1.00 9.00 30.00 5.00 16.00 30.00 43.00 53-.00Luxuries, non-essentials r 1.00 2.00 4.00 1.00 ' '2.00 3.00 .. .' 1.00 2.00 J. 00 2.00 3.00 4.00 5.00: ! n 1 1 1 ! ! : -J 1V-"X-,A Family Budget Book with 32 pages, containing this table, and .good for a year's use, may be obtained at the Y. M. C. A.Building, Paris. Price 10 cents.Master Money Matters or They will Master YouBOURBON COUNTY Y. M. C. A. THRIFT WEEK COMMITTEEThis Space Contributed to the Promotion off Thrift byBOURBON LUMBER COMPANY FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY HINTON FURNITURE &CO.-i. - -. r , ; . -5- ':arv;, - --,,SSZS"'jTr" ' p " ' ' m, .... .... . .. -, l 2FRIDAY, JANUARY "23, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS,Wamm WPARIS, KENTUCKYPAoanYK- X " --' v-g-r--"tf--' ipT r - VL-II"aiINK-'S'..i5r mV,FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEA REAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.oMRS. ETON'S WILL PROBATED.The last will and testament ofMrs. Joseph. M. Rion, who died atthe home of her son, Houston Rion,in this city, several days ago, wasadmitted to probate in the CountyCourt. By the terms of the instrument, her estate is left in equalportions to her four children. Herson, Houston Rion, qualified as executor of the estate.o .ENGINEER "INJURED.Ben R. "Williajms, well-known Louisville & Nashville engineer, formerly with headaquarters in Parib, wasseverely injured Tuesday afternoonat Ravenna, when his foot caught ina grate shaker on his engine. Hewas taken from his train at Winchester to the Clark County Hospital. Yilliams' many friends hereregret to hear of his accident.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOt. AND GRAND.To-day, Friday, January 2 3Kitty Gordon, in "Adele;" PearlWhite, in "The Black Secret;" MuU& Jeff Comedy," Sweet Papa."To-morrow, Saturday, January 24Dustin Farnum, in "The Man Inthe Open;" James J. Corbett, in"The Midnight Man;" Comedy,"Giving The Bride Away."Monday, January 26 Will Rogers, in "Juhilo;" Mr. and Mrs. Carter DeHaven, in "Moving Day;"Burton Holmes Travel Pictures.Gregg's Orchestra plays each afternoon and nightrIMPORTANT NOTICE TO CITIZENS OF PARIS!oThe heavy sleet has almost completely depnoralized the fire alarmsystem, owing to wires being down,putting the boxes out of commission.To repair this damage will requireconsiderable time. In case of fire,use the telephone, giving the exactlocation of. the fire, and. the department will respond. This is a veryessential matter for the protectionof life and property. In case of fire,call No. 13, either phone, and giveus the exact location.SWIFT McGOLDRICK,Chief Paris Fire Dept.oAUCTION SALE OP rURNITUREAuction sale of furniture, etc.,will be held next Saturday afternoon, January 24, at two o'clock, atThe Ark. Some good bargains.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(20-2t)HIGH SCHOOL SECOND SEMESTER OPENS MONDAY.New students will be taken intoall grades at the City School onnext Monday, January 26, when thenew semester opens. All examinations will be over to-day, and thtfirst semester will close with asplendid record for good work.January 30 and 31 the PublicSchool diploma examinations will beheld at the court house, and thirtyfive or forty children are expectedto take this examination, a newfreshman class will start at theParis High School on January 26for the benefit of ambitious youngstudents who want to start theirHigh School work at once.nrrr.P THE HOSPITAL.An appeal is being made to thepeople of Paris, and the county ofBourbon, irrespective of color, orother considerations, to help thecampaign now in progress for thepurpose of raising funds for theMassle Memorial Hospital. Everyone knows that one of the most valuable assets to the city and thecounty is the Massie Memorial Hospital, an institution that has done aSreat work in and for this community Funds for the maintenanceand improvement of the Hospital areneeded. A committee will call oneach and everyone in the interest ofSfftad. and it should not be saidthat there was even one refusal orany hesitation whatever in contributing Give what you can and letft go in a giving spirit, and you willhave done your part.BASKET BALL GAMES. On account of the Gcotownteam being unable to secure thefloor for the play, the game scheauled for to-night between PasHiffh and the Georgetown HighSSl Sana at Georgetown wascancelled, and the game eclareooff. The date will be filled on thelocal T. M. C. A. floor to-nigh : at7-30 o'clock, when the Paris HigbSchool teams will jmeet the teamsfrom the Cynthiana High School.Thf event will be a double header,wUhX boys' and girls' teams parinitiating. The proceeds of theeam Twill he devoted to making alayTenT on the athletic field whichthe Paris High School team has pur-ChThe' following 1b the schedule arranged for the season for the localParis High vs. CynthianaHigh!at Paris, Jan. 23; Parte ; Highvs Somerset High, at Somerset, Jan.Io; Paris High vs. Maysville High-j. r ,,?iio TTPhruarv 13, openSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings tad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TVTrs TTQnr in -mtai. aJ. ." j a, ivittuuers entertained with bridge at her home onMBWUU ireei Wednesday afternoon.James Shea, of the groceryfirm of Lusk & Shea, is confined tohis home on Fifteenth street with asevere cold.Mrs". Peter Terry and little sonaave returned from a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. John McRohan, in Carlisle.Among the "shut-ins" of theweek are Stamps Moore, Sidney Ardery, Jr., Payette Ardery and A. I,.Glasgow, who are nursing "badcolds."Mrs. Avis Doyle, wife of Capt.Martin A. Dnvlp fnrmorlw rkf tnl.tnis here from Pensacola, Florida, tovisit relatives of her husband onWalker avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. "Rrt TTintrm tuvo0. Er Davis, Mrs. Mollie James andMrs. Swift Champ were in Cincinnati yesterday.Catesby Spears returned Wednesday from an extended stay inEustis, Florida. He had a fine tipiefishing and hunting, and reports theParis people as all being ell andenjoying themselves.Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary of the Methodist Sunday Schoolwork, and president of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League,was in Carlisle several days thisweek, in the interest of the work.Miss Elizabeth Bush, of Winchester, is a patient at the MassleMemorial Hospital, where she underwent a successful operation forappendicitis. Miss Bush was accrjinpanied to the Hospital by Mrs.Rufus Lisle, W. P. Winn and ShieldsBush.Miss Olivia Orr, of Paris, hasreturned from Winchester, whereshe spent the week-end at the Girls'Hall in Kentucky Wesleyan College.Miss Orr conducted a vesper servicein the Chapel, after which theyoung ladies served tea in the parlors. Among the guests were Prof,and Mrs. Engle, President and Mrs.Campbell and daughter.Elizabeth Whitley, little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, celebrated her ninth birthdaywith a party at the home of Herparents, on Vine street. Dancingand games were enjoyed, after Whichices, cakes and jmints were served.The following guests enjoyed thelittle host's hospitality: LouiseDailey, Nell Winn Hinton, Elizabeth Hinton, Nancy Clay Hancock.Mary Forman Varden, Carolyn Redding. (Other Personals on Page 3.)oRELIGIOUS.TO ATTEND PHONOGRAPHICDEMONSTRATION ATINDIANAPOLIS.Dr. Eld ridge Snapp, of the BrooksSnapp Drug "Company, has acceptedthe invitation of the Pathe FreresPhonograph Company to attend aconvention in Indianapolis, Ind., today. At this convention there willbe a demonstration of the splendidqualities of the Pathe Freres Phonograph. Mr. Snapp expects to avail himself of this opportunity to secure aportion of these fine machines forthe benefit of his firm's patrons.At this convention there will bedemonstrated the new phonographwithout sound-box, tone arm andj,orn which constitutes a perfectphonograph or "Actuelle." (it)oMAYOR AND CITY ATTORNEYATTEND MEETING.Mayor E. B. January and CityAttorney Denis Dundon were inFrankfort yesterday attending themeeting called for the mayors andcity attorneys of cities of the fourthand fifth classes. The meeting wascalled for the purpose of discussingways and means whereby cities ofihese classes may receive an adequate share of the taxes paid bythpm to the county, for the constructor, nf o.itv streets. Under thepresent law, which, it is said, willbe repealed at tne present sessionof the Legislature, cities of theseclasses receive but a small part ofthe State Road Aid.PARIS CREDITORS OF BANKRUPTOIL CONUUiJttJM.The schedule for the Great LakesPetroleum Company, filed in thecourt of Referee in Bankruptcy Geo.DuRelle, at Louisville, puts the liabilities at $376,068.23, and the assets at $474,802.86, an excess ofassets of $98,734.63. The liabilities are divided as follows: Secured.loima 0R4.17S: unsecured claims,$311,871.56; miscellaneous, $21.67.In the list of claijms appears the following, "Note to O. T. Hinton, andothers, of Paris, $3,333'DENTISTS ELECT OPHEBS.Officers for the coming year wereelected at a banquet given by theBlue Grass Dental Society in theprivate dining room of the LeonardHotel, in Lexington, and plans forthe work of the society during 1920were discussed.Dr. J. M. Burnaugh, of Lexington,was elected president; Dr. W. S.Johnson, Danville, vice-president;Dr. M. B. Guthrie, Lexington, secretary, and Dr. E. 'Cronley Elliott,Lexington, treasurer. ,Among those in attendance wereDrs. M. H. Dailey and RaymondMcMillan, of Paris.Regular services will be held atthe Christian Church Sunday morning at 1045, and at 7:00 in theevening. The pastor, Rev. W. E.Ellis will preach at both, services.Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. .Visitors are always welcome.The Pastors' Aid Society of theParis Presbyterian church will holdan all-day meeting in the parlors ofthe church on Tuesday, January 27.The omcers of the church will beguest of the ladies of the church atluncheon on this occasion.The Woman's Society of theChristian church will hold an allday meeting in the church parlorsTuesday. Every woman in - thechurch is cordially invited to attendand to bring carpet rags, sewingmaterial, a box of lunch and afriend. The ladies of the Societywill furnish coffee.The women of the Paris Baptist church will tender the men andboys of the congregation a banquetin the church building, to-night.Arrangements have been perfectedto jmake the affair an old-time enjoyable one in every respect. Thesubject, "The True Fellowship OfThe Church," will be discussed.The Bible classes of the Christian church will give a banquet inthe church parlors next Thursdaynisht. The banauet. which will beserved by the members of the Men'sclass, is the result of the contest formeimbershin recently concluded. Aninteresting program has been prepared. All the members and prospective members are invited and expected.A message was received by theestry of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, in this city, yesterday, stating that Rev. Walter Cain, of, Ashe-ville, N. C, had accepted a call tothe rectorship of the church, Rev.Cain will come to Paris about-March1, to take charge of the congregation. He is a minister or greatability, and the (members of the congregation are delighted to know thatthey will have a minister of hisstanding with them in the future.. o-BOURBONBOY INCONCERN.$1,000,000With characteristic push and energy a former Paris boy, E. T. Shipp,has rapidly forged to the front inthe business world, and is now interested in a million-dollar incorporation recently organized in theEast. ' Mr. Shipp some years agowas recognized as one of the leadingshoe salesmen of the country, andwas awarded first prize by his firmfor making the best; record in salesmanship in twelve months work. He?s a brother of Mrs. Wm. F. Talbott,of Paris, and G. Varden Shipp, ofClintonville.The Brockton, Mass., Times, harthe following note regarding Mr.Shipp's latest husiness venture: -"The Fred F. Field snoe v;o. aima Tinrt & Packard Shoe Co. havebeen merged into Field & Flint Shoe JCo. recently mcorporaiea auu uu-yi-talized for a million dollars, renya. Fline and E. T. Shipp are newpartners of F. F. Field. A very -Important feature of tne reorgamzauuu,c thnt the Field & Flint Co. takeriver all of the business of the oldBurt & Packard Co., famed ror'Korrecf Shoes, which are known?11 over the world."oNEW RESTAURANT NOW OPENI have opened a first-class restaurant in connection with Ed.Doyle, at the Bone Dry Cafe, ovMain street, and will, serve reguiudinner and supper at fifty cents,also short orders and sandwiches ofall kinds, soups, pies, etc. Quickservice and right prices. .Give us acall.DAVIS & DOYLEBone Dry Cafe. Between Seventhand Eighth.(20-tf)- a- -JOHN URI LLOYD GIVES PRAISETO TBANSYLVANINAProf. John Uri Lloyd, author of"Stringtown On The Pike," inwriting of Transylvania College, atLexington, says:"Transylvania is dear to me alsobecause of the many distinguishedmen of the South who were educated there, and especially from thefact that the great naturalist.Rafinesque, to whqm I frequentlyrefer in my writings, was a professor in Transylvania and closely observed the flora of your entire region. I often have-occasion to quotefrom this distinguished man of acentury ago."Truck HaulingWe are now prepared to do allkinds of truck hauling. A specialtyof moving. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or spnall. Day phone 780;Night call 1956.P. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf)WantediM mM11a-st Maysville, x'eoiwuj , --- sQ id of a cowara is a. mmSate; Paris High vs. Maysville High . v whQ tries to awayat Paris, February 20; Paris Hig.hPF meet3 tfce woman he al.-r :nfffAii Wlh. at Lexiugw".PbrW 26 r Paris High vs. Somerset ;3Sf. at Paris, February 27;Paris High vs. Cynthiana High, atCynthiana, March 6.most married 20 years ago.oTr,T. thP dictatorship of theproletariat 'is nothing new to a fatn- I-i Vio TilrPR a COOk.To buy a good house and lot inParis for a home. If you want tosell, call at230 Main Street,(It) Paris, Ky.WANTEDCountry produce, eggs, butter,buttermilk, sweet milk, hams,chickens, etc. Bring to us for bestmarket prices.DAVIS & DOYLE,(23-tf) Bone Dry Cafe.Coats and DressesFor theSchool GirlBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at... :...f.. $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at r..- $12.98$17.50 Coats at '..$13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at .?t $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75$39.50 Qpats at $27.50.Belted or straight models in Plum, Wine, Brown, Blue, Taupesome with collars of fur.School DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred material: are offered in several becoming styles.$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.00 Models at $19.75$29.50 Models at $24.75 m$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12,50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50Just right for the school roomHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky:Main StreetParis, Ky.i ?.V' If You Have Not Heard theART HICKMAN ORCHESTRADance Music You Have Not Heard Dance MusicWe Have Just Received From the FirstRelease:Peggy; Tell Me Why (Art Hickman Orchestra). 10 inch,.85c. 2812. .My Baby's Arms; On the Streets of Cairo (Art Hickman Orchestra). 10-lnch, 85c. 2811.The Hesitating Blues; Thoe Drafting Blues (Art HickmanOrchestra). 10-inch, 85c. 2813.Patches; Sweet and Low (Art Hickman Orchestra), 10inch, 85c. 2814. - - ". And These: -I'll Always Be Waiting for You (Charles Harrison, Tenor) ;Bye Low (Campbell and Burr, Tenor Duet). 10-in., 85cl 2827. - -The First Rose of Summer; Somebody's Heart (Tfre HaDDvSix). 10-inch, 85c. 2797. PPy 'Wailana Waltz; Hawaiian Medley Two-Step (Helen Louiseand Frank Ferera). 10-inch, 85c. 2016.My Old Kentucky Home; Medley of Hawaiian Waltzes (Hei- -en Louise and Frank Ferera). 10-inch, 85c. 1814. - .Mummy Mine; Egyptland (Earl Fuller's Novelty Orchestra) -10-inch, 85c. 2722. ;I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles; Beautiful Ohio Blues (Columbia Saxaphone Quartette). 10-inch, 85c. 2784.If you want the best Phonograph buy the COLUMBIA, theonly machine made with the non-set automatic stop.Iff you want the best Records buy COLUMBIA.THE J. T. HINP0JV CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY . SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking5sl-5u,-J-PAGE SIXT -' -j sxj. iilTHE BOURBON NEWS, EAmS,ilEBI?30JCrarFRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 192.GOVERNMENT TO PROSECUTETHE RENT PROFITEERSwmmmfol wmIc uid UAfiaual io ih workDo you atUl'cough a little,nose boihtr you? xm youtMMTTtyf Bet-Build strong!Do you Iahead of you?or oea yourPU? Is your bloodttr put yotr body inw hj.lok out lor "Oflp"!An old. zelu&fe blood-maker and herbaltomo made from wild rpotfjjid barlp, is Dr.RtMe's Goldeo Ifcfe&eal Distovery. this"aatfcro .remedy" coi&fcs in tablet or liquidfono.Tab b What They Say:-Loukviile.Ky.: "Dr. Pierce's medicineshave always proved very satisfactory to me.I have taken the 'Golden Medical Discovery as a blood saedkiae and as a springtonic and it was raotrfc beneficial. I havetaken the 'Favorite Precriptioa' to buMd3&S VP. hcB run-down and in a nervousridition and I also took it waeo qoing'thru middle life, and in both of the aboveinstances it was a great help djulc. I canrecemmend Dr. Pierce's medicines as betathe very test." MRS. M. A. TAYLOR;120 N. Hxh St..Cavmgtonj Ky.;"Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Discovery is surely a grand raediftinc few people to take wlion afflicted withbronttual ailments or weak lungs. I usedto be bothered a great; deal in my youugeryears with shortness of breath, and everycold I had developed into bronchitis untilI began to think it vas a chronic ailment.The 'Golden Medical Discovery gave methe most wonderful relief and eventuallycured me. My general health improvedfrom that time on. It is a pleasure indeedto recommend so reliable a remedy as Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery."MRS. H. DAVIS, 300 Patten St.TRANSYLVANIA COLLEGE NOTCONDUCTED FOR PROFIT.There are very few American colleges that make any, profit out oftheir students. That is especiallytrue of the small colleges. But fortheir endowment they would haveto raise their tutition fees to suchan extent as to make the cost of aneducation prohibitive to many poor,but ambitious, men and wojmen nowworking their way through college.It is true of Transylvania Colllege atLexington, where the poor boy orgirl may obtain a classical education as cheaply as any where in theUnited States and pay for it by theirown work besides. Figures recentlycompiled show that seventy-five percent, of Transylvania's students arepaying all or part of their expenses by working outside of schoolhours.JS. 0. s.If Constipated, Biliousor Headachy, take"Cascarets"' " "!""". i... ..... ....Sick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, or sour, gassy stomach always trace this to torpid liver; delayed, fermenting food in the bowels. Poisonous matter clogged in theintestines, instead of being cast outof the system is re-absorbed into theblood. When this poison reachesthe delicate brain tissue it causescongestion and that dull, throbbing,sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigested food and foul gases, take the excess bile from the liver and carryout all the' constipated waste matterand poisons in tncboweis.(adv)oDsnssly-Populated Countries.Egypt proper is the most denselypopulated country of the world, with1,067 persons to the square mile. Saxony is next with 830, Belgium thirdWith 652, England and Wales nextwith 018 and Holland next with 535.For the whole Germany the numberlg 810, while the United States hasonly about 35 persons to the squaremile, Canada two persons and Australia 1.CimtmmmmmjmM&MmMargolen'sHOME KILLEDMEATSProfiteer landlords will be heldto the strict and narrow path inpaying their income taxes thisspring, for the tenants are doingthe driving and holding the whip.Revenge is sweet to the tenantwho has had to dig deep into hisearnings to pay a ,high rental in1919. Gathering his family aroundhim, he takes his scratchy familypen in hand, searches the ink-bottlefor the last drop of ink, and with amaster stroke informs the Commissioner of Internal Revenue- that he,Bill Brown, of the Hallroom Apartments, paid to John Smith, 13 Profiteer Avenue, Anywhere, U. S. A.,$1,2000 for his three-room flat during the year 1919.By gathering these, reports fromall the Bill Browns, who are runningihemselves ragged to pay their rent,the Internal Revenue Bureau willhave the information needed to seethat the Profiteer Smiths pay propertax or face prosecution.The Information Returns now duecovering payments of salaries,wages, rent, Interest, and other income serve as useful data for running down taxdodgers and for checking up millions of returns to seethat proper tax is paid,Large business houses have beenfaithfully making these informationreports for several years and haveco-operate whole-heartedly with theGovernment's checking system. Thesame obligation rests on smallerbusinesses, and on professional men;also on persons and organizationswho employ secretaries, chauffeurs,servants, or persons in any capacity.The Revenue Law requires thefiling of these Information Returnsin case where the total of paymentsduring 1919 to any person, partnership or fiduciary was ?1,000 or more.Forms 1099 and 1096, on which thereturns must be made, are nowavailable at the office of Collector ofInternal Revenue.HE FEELS LIKEHE IPOCRParis Man Is Strong and WellSince Taking Vola-Tonic.Steaks,VealjRoastsLambJames E. Taylor, of 30 East Mainstreet, Pari?, a miller, is so healthyand strong since taking Vola-Tonicthat he says he feels like he couldjump over a chair. He had beentroubled with his stomach for several months and his health had become very poor when he startedtaking the "Builder of Strength.""I had a pretty fair appetite allthe time, but my stomach was out oforder and I couldn't eat," Mr, Taylor said. "After eating just a littleI'd feel like I couldn't swallow another bite. Gas formed on my stomach after meals also and caused mea great deal of pain."My nerves were out of order,also, and I didn't get the properrc-Ft at night. For several monthsI got up every morning feeling astired as I did when I went to bedThe night before."Vola-Tonic has changed all this.It has helped my stomach so that Ican eat as much as I care for without trouble. Vola-Tonic helped mynerves also and I get such good restat night now and feel so good, whenI get up that it seejms like I couldjumy over a chair."I notice also that Vola-Tonichelped my liver."I am very grateful to Vola-Tonicfor what it did for me and I am recommending it to all my friends.""Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"brings the e weakened, run downman or woman a good appetite andgood digestion. It helps the stomachtake strengthening nutrition fromfood to nourish and build up thebody. Vola-Tonic also helps thenerves and permits sound, energyrestoring sleep at night. As a result, full normal strength -andhealth soon return to the weakened,run-down man or woman."Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is being especially Introduced inParis at Varden & Son's, druggists.(adv)oWine and the Romans.Nearly fifty kinds of wine wereknown to the ancient Romans, including several varieties used for medicinal purposes. Falernian was a homewine, resembling the modern Madeira,and was not commonly used until itwas ten years old.Goodyear Leadershipand Tires for Small CarsimM!iiim.i!wtnT ..umititi iiruiniuliuirunitJUniniutiillliuuMUieiuiwu.iMi4U)iiuiiiauiiiimimi.i um nmiiuuiiui uu ruimmu i iuu m.-nim'WM-nmiim4UHin.Tnminmmf inn .;!,.. t, -"""...1,it...,mnmilr1tfflrM.mill,nlltTntIMaM-uii5i m iwdiifca p f ifS3Enormous resources and scrupulous carehave produced in Goodyear Tires for smallcars a high relative vaiue not exceeded evenin the famous Goodyear Cords on theworld's highest-priced automobiles.In addition to its larger sizes, Goodyear manufactures an average of 20,000 small car tiresa day in the worlds largest tire factorydevoted solely to the 30x3-, 30x3, and31x4inch sizes.Last year more small cars using these sizeswere factory-equipped with Goodyear Tiresthan with any other kind.Their extreme worth is available for yourFord, Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell, or othersmall car, at the nearest Goodyear ServiceStation Go there for these tires andGoodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes.30x3Vfc Goodyear Double-Cure $'7"00Fabric, All-Weather Tread LJ30x3 Goodyear Single-Cure $- 765Fabric, Anti-Skid Tread ,... 1Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are built to protect casings.Why endanger a good casing with a cheap tube? GoodyearHeavy Tourist Tubes cost little more than tubes of tfcQfsless merit. 30x3 size in waterproof bag. JStin. 5?5 5 ig j 3lJHS 3tillIIPS'Mgg.tagggsgS-ggSgggg;,gg5SEBS5gSI!g5S?ggg5gSS5SgireigiailililIllPnuThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like These7 SkElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair . Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERET. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOU E-jt5EgBg5;r5gai:g;gSEgagEfeg'fe&S-:-H7Jp jS$ader(txmttpHONE MADE SAUSAGEFfob on Fridays andSaturdaysMARGOLEN SSanitary Meat MarketNO GREAT ACT OP HEROISM REQUIRED.If some great apt of heroism wasnecessary to protect a child fromcroup, no mother would hesitate toprotect her offspring, but when it isonly necessary to keep at hand a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand give it as soon as the first Indication of croup appears, there themany who neglect it. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is within the reachof all and is prompt and effectual.(adv-jan)Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 - West Fifh StreetMilk Gives It Rich FlavorMade with milk, there's a rich, creamy flavor aboutCrusader Milk Bread that makes it truly appetizingand relishing.It is light in crumb, the crust is baked to a crisp,nutty brown every slice toothsome, nutritious andsatisfying. &Crusader jffilk BreadLARGE AND SMALL LOAVESis uniformly good, day in and day out, the whole yearround. Young children wax strong on Crusader Milk Bread,because they eat itwith a vim and relish every bite to thelast morsel. For sale by better grocers. Order a loaf today.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY73:-:::r .nlf . iflcV.- JSAAkSfiCTsiyn&BB&BBuM.. t j. ; ii ,- DSff,:-U trarSATISFAGTIONOUR WATCHWORD! BIxI!ii1IIJM-i WifVi oil 4UA4.4.:!xj ft ivh an uig latest iiiiprover ments in laundry appliancesana expert neipers we arenreDared to do work in-Fo"JJ A .1 ...ugp iiui tu nune, ana solicityour patronage.xVital Step."I have crossed the rubicund," murmured the woman who had just quarreled with her red-faced cool:. Brooklyn JSagle.XMThe Bourbon Laundry, Paris, .Kentucky 'KSX33X!XIXIXIXIX!1Prompt Pay PromotesEfficiency"J Commence the NEW YEAR by paying your bill.promptly.9 Not only does this facilitate matter, but it meansbetter service to you no matter whether it is telephoneservice or any other service because the time consumed,by employees in rounding up collections should be spent,improving the service for which the bill is made.Pari Home Telephone & TelegrobJiComfKiny(Incorporated)J. J, Vatchr District Xantsp w. H. Ctaaoa, Local Hunger,,Khjm!" ! i1 u'ii jm mn i i9 -oFRIDAY, JANtJARY 23, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPA6S SEVEN, rGET READYFOR "FLU"Keep Your Liver Active, YourSy3tem Purified and Fxee FromColds by Taking Calotabs,the Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe andSure.SWIFT & COMPANY'S WEEKLYPRODUCE REVIEWP"iysiians and Druggists arc advising their friends to keep their svstemspurified and their organs in perfectv.orkiug order as a protection against(he return of influenza. They knowthat a clogged up system and a lazyliver faor colds, influenza and seriouscompHcations.To est short a cold overnight and toT-rc'nt serious complications take oneCaloluh at bedtime -with a swallow ofvalor that's all. No salts, no nausea,i o -iplr.g, no sickening after effects.c.v Morning your cold has vanished,yohc licr is active, your system is purit ed and refreshed and you arc feelinghnc T7ith a hearty appetite for breaklast Kat what you please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originalscaled packages, price thirty-five cents.Eveiy druggist is authorized to refundtout money if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)TRANSYLVANIA'S WORTH WIDELY RECOGNIZED.Transylvania College's diplomas?.re widely recognized. They aregiven full credit - by the UnitedStates Bureau of Education, theGeneral Education Board, Boards ofEducation of New York, Kentuckyand other States.IA SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetThe butter trade is rnrhor rticturbed this week account of foreignouiter arriving at Eastern seaboardports. While the quantity is not especially heavy, it has been offeredat attractive prices. There the rumors of a large quantity of butterdue to leave Denpnark, destined forNew York, and further offerings aremade delivered at New York atprices under present ruling quotations. The United States Department ofAgriculture Report showing reserve stocks of butter was reportedas follows:Total stocks Januarv 1 1920 K3jmillion pounds; January 1, 1919, 43million pounds Excess 10 millionpounds.Receipts of poultry are lighter,and prices are ruling higher.' United States Department of Agriculture reports stocks of trozenpoultry as follows:January 1, 1919, 108 millionpounds; January 1, 1920, 87 millionnminds Tlporpncia oi millionI pounds.Fresh eggs have been movincr inj larger quantities from producingj territories, resulitng in a lower market, which is natural at this seasonj of the year.j Prices are still ruling high, lijin-iting consumptive outlets, and anylarge increase in receipts would re' quire a broadened market, which.would only be secured through lowerprices.j Indications are that the volume ofcream moving to creameries thisweek will be larger than last week,and it would appear that the reservesupply in storage, with the importations, will be ample supply for current reauirements. This largerjfcvailable supply has resulted in de. cline in the market during the week.oDON'T YOU FORGET IT.Bear in mind that Chamberlain'sTablets not only move the bowelsI but improve the appetite and'strengthen the digestion. They contain no pepsin or other digestiveferment but strengthen the stomachand enable it to perform its functions naturally.; (adv-jan)HENRY CLAY A PROFESSOR IN1 TRANSYLVANIA COLLEGEI It may be news to many Keirtuckians that Henry Clay, one of hergreatest statesmen, was at one timea professor in Transylvania Collegeand that he was a curator, afterleaving the college for the field ofpolitics, until his death in 1852.Mr. Clay's professorship covered thethree years from 1804 to 1807.oTO THE DYSPEPTIC. .Would you not like to feel thatvour stomach troubles are over, thatyou can eat any kind of food thatyou crave? Consider then the factthat Chamberlain's Tablets havecured others why not you. Thereare many who have been restored tohealth by taking these tablets andcan now eat any kind of food thatthey crave.(adv-jan)oNothing Left of the Ark.There are no remains of the Arkat the present day, although it isclaimed that an outline may be tracedon the summit of Ml." Ararat wherethe Ark is said 1o have landed.TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.z i ior aaieRedmon Motor Car Company1Night Call 760Druggist,KOHS7 BACKi'hout question if Hint's SaJ-.efails in the treatment of Eczema,Tettcr.Ringworm.Itrh.etc. Dcn'tbecome discouraged because othertreatments failed. HuntSalvhas relieved "hundreds of suchcases. You can't lose on oiirMoney Back Guarantee. Tryit at our risk TODAY. Price 75c.For tale locally bybyL. OBERDORFEft,Paris, TCy.W SIri r-AND ROLLING GHAIRMrs. Wilson Gave Up Hope Gains25 Pounds On Tanlac And IsNow a Well Woman."For two years I spent all mylime either in the hospital, in bed,or. in a rolling chair, and duringthat time I was given up to die, andI don't guess I would be here nowif it hadn't been for Tanlac," saidMrs. E. O. Wilson. Mrs. Wilson iswell-known in Atlanta, Ga., herhusband having been employed byThe Constitution for a number ofyears."I was a great sufferer fromchronic indigestion," continuedMrs. Wilson, "and don't guess anybody ever had to go through withWhat I did. I was very weak andnervous, and at times had thosedreadful smothering sensations tothe point of fainting. I had dreadful headaches, severe pains in myback and over jmy kidneys and myjoints ached all the time. For -twoyears I had to live entirely on boiledmilk, toast and soft boiled eggs, andeven that didn't digest well, andwould sour on my stomach. I didn'tknow what it was to get a goodnight's sleep. I took one kind ofmedicine after another until ourhouse was almost filled with emptybottles, but instead of improving Iwas getting worse all the time.Finally they took pie to the hospital for treatment, and I lay theretor' five long months, but even thatdidn't make me well. It was takingnearly every cent of my husband'swages to pay my doctor and drugbills, our drug bill alone amountingto $14 or $15 a month, and onedoctor bill amounted to $108."It looked like everything hadfailed to help jme, and I had aboutgiven up all hope when one day myhusband brought a bottle of Tanlachome with him and asked me to takeit. He said he had been readingand hearing a lot of good thingsabout it and didn't see any reasonwhy it shouldn't help me. I wasconfined to my rolling chair whenI began taking it."Do. I look like an invalid now?I certainly don't feel like one, andI have actually gained twenty-five(25) pounds on eleven bottles ofTanlac, and feel as well as I everdid in my life. I can eat anythingI want such as meat and turnips.Hard-boiled eggs don't hurt me aparticle, and I sleep as good as I didwhen I was a girl in (my teens. Ican get about as well as anybodyand just the other day I walked'down town, and I am runningaround the neighborhood calling onmy friends nearly all the time now.I haven't a pain about me. I believe I am the happiest woman inAtlanta, and I think I have a rightto be. I think my recovery almosta miracle, and everybody in ourneighborhood thinks the same."Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy. (adv)oThe Worm Turned.Clifford was not feeling energeticand persuaded Elinor todo his choresfor him. and afterward kept the littlefellow running errands for him untilhe became exasperated and explodedthus: "Good gracious, what's the matter with you, Cliff V Maybe you've anengine inside of you that would doIts own running, if you'd crank it upand give it a chance."aKBKp3EEste-WATHE OLD'-STYlA -r TMt KYWOki BirocAt fryF& roCAl - JDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVardtn's Drug Store.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyLadies' Suits $24.50Values to $35.00Ladies' Coats $24.50Long and Short GoatsValues to $39.50Ladies' and Misses' SkirtsValues to $12.50, special at$9.50Ladies' and Misses' Silk andSerge Dresses$18.50, $24.50, $29.50Ladies' Misses' and Children's HatsChoice at 98cship this bundle to SHU3ERT tooThe Highest Prices Ever KnownThat's What You'll Get from "SHUBERT"WE WANT 'EM NOW AND WILL PAY THE PRICE TO GET 'EMN?J EXTRA LARGEEXTRA TO AVERAGENl LARGE N?l MEDIUM -N21SKALLEXTRA TO AVERAGE EXTRA TO AVERG2 I XT3-Ta AVERAGEN9 2iSTOSCE CQUAUTYMUSKRATWinterFall6.00 to 5.004.50 to 3.754.75 to 3.753.50 to 2.753.50 to 2.752.50 to 2.00150 to 1.751.75 to 155256 ti lid1.75 to 125mink;Fine, DarkUsual ColorPale22.00 to 18.0015.00 to 12.0011.00 to 9.0016.00 to 13.0011.00 to 9.008.00 to 7.0011.00 to 9.008.00 to 6.506.00 to 5.008.00 to 6506.00 to 5.004.50 to 4.008.00 to 4.006.00 to 3.00450 to 250RACCOONBlackHeavy FurredOrdinary18.00 to 14.0012.00 to 10.009.00 to 8.0012.00 to 10.009.00 to 8.007.00 to 6.009.00 to 8.007.00 to 6.005.00 to 450750 to 6505.00 to 4504.00 to 3507.G0to 4.005.00 to 3504.00 to 3.10JOHN WHITE & GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Liberal assortmentand full value paidforrawHides indGat -6knm(n 13w)FURS8SlifcS5lThese extremely high prices for Kentucky Furs are based on thewell-known "SHUBERT" liberal grading and aire quoted for immediate shipment. No. 3, No. 4 and otherwise inferior skins at highestmarket value. Ship your Furs now when we want 'em. Youll get"more money" and get it "quicker" too."SHUBERT" RETURNS WILL MAKE YOU HAPPYSHIP TODAY-AND KEEP 'EM COMING FASTH2l&25Ki22EmM2IlEM3MIiMaMBU2ASend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesGARMENTSTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Model T One Ton Truck was thefirst low price truck to carry the worm-drivethat tremendous power delivering mechanismhad previously been an exclusive feature withhigh priced motor trucks. In the Ford Truck,however, you get the worm-drive of manganesebronze material, absolute in strength andpositive in the deliver'" of power, at a very lowprice. Come in and let us point out the manysuperior merits of the Ford One Ton Truck,because you need one in your work. We giveprompt and efficient repair service.Rugbies Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky. OHsuyLIKE NEW"Diamond Dyes" Make Faded,Shabby Apparel So Freshand StylishDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new ,rich, fadeless ' color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly 4iow to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a mistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)HOW'S THIS?EDW. BURKE, President H. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres. JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerBOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.We offer One Hundred Dollars Re-ward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thiity-ilve years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling the jpoison frqm the blood and healingthe diseased portions.Alter you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time you jwill see a great improvement in.your general health. Start takingHall's Catarrh Medicine at omce and tget rid of. catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,, Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-jan)(Incorporated)Tobacco Received Any Time3-Big, Light, Roomy Warehouses3(J The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company has sold forthe season to date 1,394,575 pounds of tobacco for$804,470.01, an average of $57.68. Every basket soldincluded a very substantial lead over the Paris market.(f We have demonstrated our ability to sell your tobaccofor the highest dollar. We have stood by the growersin keeping down the selling fees. Won't it pay you tomake an effort to get in?glT Stand by the people who have stood by you and who sellyour tobacco for its full market value.iS.A.ImEMG3L(EXCEPT SATURDAY)DIRECTORSA'. B. HANCOCKC. M. CLAY, JR.JAMES CALDWELL,A. L. STEPHENSONH. S. CAYWOODED. BURKESAM CLAYW. M. ROGERS 'C. D. WILSONj2IID-A-IHTX EHs. r. Bums Srrfr ttp rvrr itjJ.UJJ1 -DHUUA. HJNO. T. COLLINS B15n'! 1-ai--J!mmimwmrmmwmmMmwiym-JiTT- -.jr- 2-. T. JZ." r1K ""k f- l,"V,ye ' -.ipPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 23. 120:- "J31 'ilTOI iJULES TALKThe DistinguishedVIOLINISTAssisted ByMALVINAEHRLICHPIANISTESTELLEWENTWORTHSOPRANOWill appear at theHIGH SCHOOL AUDITORIUMMonday Night, January 26thAT 8:1 5Under the Auspices of the BourbonCounty War MothersADMISSION mADULTS $1.00 CHILDREN 50cTickets on Sale at Paris Book StoreBSSSSSSSSSHaVBSSSSSSSSaakl w .BBaaaaaaaflSSanaaaaaaaaaaaaakv- ?. .p" -V--iBaaaaaaaSt -;$BBaBaBaBaBaBaB&.s,' S!-Ctv v ?sssssWasssssssssssMrlwlBrSSSSMra&arABSSlSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSai0ssssKlHKIaHRssssssViiH59flE snflBSBSSSSjcBSSSSSSy '''''IBSSSSSSflnHHa fltsHlrBt amJasBBBflaBl"SwdHfims SaBSvSBSSalBYSlaaK -saaaaaaaaaaav HMHx -jBTaYaTaBSBlY4atflaKk-BBBlViSBSSBBBSBSr MkllliB&SIX -atBBBf- 'Brs BSxSflBBSSSabf-SF i. daV. v avBaYSSSSSSaYJBaKsaar'- ,. SsBj ;. r BBSSSSSSSSSS.His "" - saBB? ?&- ' . BSBaVBBaYBBaaBwV''' K' JBBBBBBBBBBBBaviVCcv Btw-X vww9BsBSKiflMfiBBBBBSBBvBBVBBBBBBBBBBSBSBSBBSHfe--- aba kA irfe am a amia 4Bffc A kll II a 1 Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 3tcm jm. nrHHM sm ikj mm jm .wh'm hhkv m ru is wvwmmwr-w! -iArav Ainr ptabf wiv n.uimaiuiiChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2tcTODAY, PRIDAYKitty GordonIN66Adele99AlsoPEARL WHITE in 'The Black Secret'and Mutt and Jeff Comedy"Sweet Papa"Tomorrow, SaturdayDustin FarnumIN'The Man in the Open"alsoJAMES J. CORBETTin "The Midnight Man"and Comedy, "Giving the Bride Away"Monday, Jan. 26thWill RodgersiSJ"Jubilo"MR. AND. MRS. CARTER DE HAVENin "Moving Day"' and Burton Holmes Travel Picture.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningBasket Ball Games!Cynthiana High School vs. Paris High SchoolDouble Header Games onFriday Night, January 23rd7:30 O'CLOCK. Y. M. C. A. GYMNASIUMAdmission 50 Cent-:- Come out and help us make first payment on the P. H. S. Athletic Field.MILLERSBURG..Mr. D. P. Jones has installed ajnpeless furnace in his hqtne.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter continuesVery low. Miss Laura C. Jeffersonremains about the same.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Cochran, ofBlizavillet parents of Mrs. S. C. Carpenter, and sister, Mrs. It. J. Hinton, o Flemingsburg.Mr. Zed Layson, who was operated on a few days ago at St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, for appendicitis, is improving nicely.DEATHS.BARNES.The funeral of Henry Barnes,aged forty-eight, who died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Tuesday morning at liveo'closk, of pneumonia, was held inCynthiana, yesterday jmorning ateleven o'clock, -with service1:; conducted at the graveside in BattleGrove Cemetery by Rev. John R.JonesMr. Barnes was hrouerht to thej Massie Hospital, Sunday morning.j j j win 11 10 nwiii jio-i tjuavvuau, wucicTtfv ToniBc Mnrlin has sold J113 . v. -i,j u :n i-.a..farm recently purchased from Mr. , erai daySf which finally developedShrout for $400 per acre, to C. C. into pneumonia. He is survived byUhansior ana Mr. uarr. iir. iiar-jilis wife wn0 was formerlv Misstin realized about $10,000 on the sipples, of Harrison county, andsale.Mrs. E. S. Barton entertained anumber of her lady friends with aparty at her country home Wednesday aiternoon. Notwithstanding thefour childrenBARR.The funeral of Robert Barr, formerly a prominent Nicholas countyfnrmAr wlin rtiprf n hi hrnno inifTifs-o-nrnhip wpather most of the in- ! Blackwell. Oklahoma. sp.vpral dav.cvited guests were present. A tempt-j ago, was held at the Carlisle Chris-ing lunch was served. lian church, Tuesday. The services. . were conducted by Rev. Frank W.Tne xoung reopiut, iUiiuuij- Tinder, pastor of the North Middle-Society of the Methodist churchwill meet Tuesday afternoon at z:6Vo'clock at the hqme of Mrs. D. P.Jones. This will be a very important meeting, and all the membersare urged to be present.The Missionary Society of theMethodist church held an-all-daymeeting Wednesday at the home ofTsfrs. A- S. Best. Notwithstandingthe exceedingly inclepient weathermost of the members were present.Many of the ladies were drh en to I-ho. linmp nf Mrs. Rest from their Itown Tiomes in cars of friends. Themorning session was devoted to bustown Christian church. The seivices at the grave in the CarlisleCemetery were conducted by Daughtrty Lodge -No. 65, F. & A. M., of,w-hich he. was a member.Mr. Barr is survived by threesons, William Barr, of Paris; Edward Barr, an attorney, of WestVirginia; Charles Barr, .of Mississippi, and six daughters, Mrs. Clifton Dalzell, of Paris; Mrs. ClayCrouch, Mrs. James Ilajmilton, Mrs.John George, all of Nicholas county, and t-no residing in Oklahoma.ELLIOTT.-Mrs. Elizabeth Elliott, agediness. A sumptuous lunch was serv- j about forty-five, wife of James El-Pott, died at her heme on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, yesterdaymorning, after a short illness of acomplication of diseases.Mrs. Elliott was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Aker, pioneer residents of Bourbon county,and a sister of Jacob Aker and Mrs.Geo. Ashurst, both of Paris. SheNear Centerville, to the wife of j . p rfwimam. xxuixcidix u r..& T-he funeral will be held at theed at noon, and an interesting program rendered in the afternoon.o :.- BIRTHS.hristened Aenes Lorine Holleran.Near Ewalfs Cross Roads, tothe wife of John Cluinp, a daughter,their-fifth child.o,, , .MATKLMONIAL.uIRELAND KERN.Andrew Kern, son of Mr. andMrs. L. M. Kern, of near Paris, andMiss Margaret Ireland, of Harrison.county, eloped Tuesday to Louisviller and" were married in thatcity. They returned to Paris,Wednesday, and will reside at thetome of the groom's parents, nearParis.oAs a general thing, when youear , man praising" the good ' olddays he is talking about the timewhen $40 a month was considered agood salary.family residence at two o'clock tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, withservices conducted by Rev. W. E.fcllis, of the Paris Christian church.The burial will follow on the family lot in the Paris Cemetery. Theball-bearers will be: Geo. K. Jones,G. K. Pepper, J. T. Ingels, B. C.Wheat, R. C. Elliott and MarionFall.HELBURNMrs. Lea'.h K. Helburn, agedforty-one, one of the most widelyknown women in Central Kentucky,died at her home in Eminence,Tuesday afternoon, after an illness?of one month's duration.Mrs. Helburn was the widow ofI. B. Helburn, who preceded her tothe grave four years ago, and was asister-in-law of Col. J. C. Helburn.She was a partner in the store .ofHelburn Bros., and prominent inclub and social work of Eminence.She is survived by four children.Mrs Lawrence Price, of Paris. I. B.4Helburn, 3, Jack Helburn and phinniek, -Jr.NMiss Betsey Helburn, of Eminence. The funeral was held, in the family home at Eminence yesterdaymorning, with services conductedby Dr. Joseph Rauch, of Louisville.The body was taken to Louisvillefor interment in the Adaph Cemetery. THRELKELD.James E. Threlkeld, aged sixty-two,prominent banker of Maysville, died suddenly in that city,Sunday, after an illness of but ashort time, due to an attack of apoplexy, as he was en route to hishome. Mr. Threlkeld was born inBourbon county in 1857, but at anearly age moved to Mason county,where he taught school for severalyears, and then became identifiedwith the business interest of Maysville. He was a man of the highest type of character, and by hisintegrity and honesty of purposeenjoyed the esteem of all who knewhi(m.He is survived by his widow, whowas formerly Miss Ella Power, sister of H. A. Power, president of thePower Grocery Co., of Paris; onedaughter, Miss Hilda Threlkeld, afrequent visitor in Paris; two sons,James E. Threlkeld, Jr., of Cleveland, O., and Lisle Threlkeld, ofLouisville; his aged mother, Mrs.Anna Threlkeld, and one brother,Richard Threlkeld, both of Maysville. The funeral was held in Maysville, Wednesday afternoon, the burial following on the family lot inthe Maysville Cemetery. Mr. andMrs. Henry A. Power, and Mr. 'andMrs. Ed aid Prichard, of Paris, attended the funeral and burial.WHEELERGeorge Monroe Wheeler, anaged and well-known Harrison county farmer, died at his residence nearOddville, Wednesday morning, ofthe infirmities of age, after an illness of over a year." Mr. Wheeler was a son of the lateOzias and Mary Foots Wheeler, andwas born in Harrison county inMarch, 1837, making him at thefimc of his death eighty-two yearsold. He was married to Miss MaryJohns on August 27, 1867, who,with the following sons and daughters, survive him: John T. Wheeler,Louisville; E. M. Wheeler, Paris;Mrs. N. H. Eckler, Paris; A. F.Wheeler, Lexington; Mrs. J. L.Arnold, Mrs. Martin Clough. Mrs.G. H. Whitaker, Misses Mattie andCarrie Wheeler, of Harrison county.He is also survived by one brotheiand one sister, Lewis Wheeler, andMrs. Mary Humphreys, of Cynthiana. Mr. Wheeler's four sons arebusiness men, extensively engagedin the furniture business. All hislife was spent in Harrison county,where he was numbered among itsbest citizens. He was a Federal soldier during the Ciyil War, and wasafterward a member of the G. A. R.For ,man years he was a member ofthe Mt. Pleasant Methodist church.The funeral was held in the Mt.Pleasant church yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. A. S. Godbey. Theinterment took place in the Mt.Pleasant church yard. The nailbearers were Thos. Batson, VirgilColvin, L. D. Stewart, W. T. Kearns,Elbert Dunn and Godfrey Turner' SHINNICK.Friends and newspaper associates all over Kentucky will learnwith deep regret of the death ofEdward D. Shinnick, veteran editorof the Shelbyville Record, which occurred at his country home, fivemiles west of Shelbyville, Ky., Monday night at 6 o'clock, after an illness of four months. Death was dueto heart troubfe, with which he hadbeen a sufferer for several months.Mr. Shinnick was 65 years old,was one of the best-known editorsin the State and for years his paperhas been a power for progress anduplift. He" was at one time presidjnt of the Kentucky Press Association and Aas well known to thenrnnnnCr frntprnitv nf TGxillSton.il hovo hp frenfipntlv came for conferences with his fellow jgditorswhile a mcpiDer oi wie ca.i.uuih,committee and president of that organization. He was also one of theleaders in the organization of theEighth District Publishers' Association and for several years was secletary o! the JState Board of Conhoi. He had been in the newspaperbusiness at Shelbyville since r886,becoming owner of the Recordrfiortlv after it was founded. Hewas prominent in Decomxatic politics and was appointed by GovernorStanley as secretary of lhe StateBoard of Control, from which officehe retired when Governor Morrowwas inaugurated. Mr. Shinnick'sdeath is a distinct loss to Kentuckyjournalism and the community inwhich he was so long a potentialfisrure."Besides his widow, formerly Miss'Mollie Sullivan, he is survived byfour sons, Lieutenant William CShinnick, formerly student at theUniversity of Kentucky and a wellknown" ;yQung .newspaper man, yhewas for some time on 'the staff- ofa Lexington paper; Frank ShmnicK,Charles L. Shinnick and Ed. D.GRAND OPERA HOUSE WEDNESDAY, JAN. 28THIS IS THE ERA OF CELEBRATI0NS-S0 GET READY FOR THIS ONEThe Fox Comedy Go. Announce theWonderful Combination of NyraBrown and John Getz in the GreatestNew York Musical Comedy SuccessAs sprklin and as fresh as the dew ofJana mornings as spicy as the breezes of FarCathay the creation of Geo. E. Wintx hiawelf.hiYGrrni!With Untold Riches in Song and MelodyPerseosJ Direction of Geo. 8. Wtetz Staged by Qta. Ts Sckacferrcr'NEW YORK CASTNyra Brown, John G. Getz, Betty Earl,Tom Denton, Leah Lehmon, JoeCoyle, Vale Gregory, Ace Wingfield,Geane D wight, Jimmy Floral,Dorthy St. Clair, Bill Barbee.CLEAN-CUT MOVIE VAMP CAPERING CHORISTERSPrices-$1 .50, $1.00, 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c.To-morrow, SaturdayBegins the Second Week of Our Famous Money SavingFACTORY CLEARING SALEGreat was the saving to the crowds of eagerbuyers first to attend this great bargain event, andsavings just as great will be made in the comingdays of the big saleBe sure-to get your share of the great shoevalues tomorrow, Saturday. Thousands of pairsof this season's style footwear go in this sale atcut prices. Every pair marked down at aMgjT I. , . .)IRAK fMMVSmVfSaving of 20, 30 and 40 ,IILadies' Shoes at Sales Prices$7.50 and $8.00 grades ladies' beautiful brownand bladk Kid Boots, English style, highheel, all leather tops ttm acReduced to $5.497.50 and $8.00 grades ladies' new styleBoots, high heels, Twotone stvles, glazedk d English and high heel boots -Reduced to $4.95Big lot of Ladies9 Kid Shoes, warm lined, low heels. gtip and plain toe, $3.00 grades, reduced to Jpl9Big lot Ladies' $6.00 brownEnglish high heel eo otaBoots reduced to . . 2oJ5JBig lot Ladies' $4. 50 and $5.00Lace Boots, cloth tfotops, reduced to $2.99Big lot Ladies' $5 and Ghigh grade LaceBoots, in gray, at $3.45Men's Shoes at Sale PriesMen's Tan English Shoes;, wide toe, tan andgun metal, values to $8.50. vReduced to , $599Men's High Grade Shoes, values M mto $7.50, reduced to . . .$4.95Men's Work Shoes, tan and black,$4.50 grades, reduced to $Zr99Misses' Shoes$4.00 Gun Metal Boots, now $2.99$3.50 Misses' Gun Metal Shoes at.. $2,254Children's $1.50 Kid Shoes now. . .$ 1 ;QOLadies9 Cloth Buckle Arctic aaOvershoes, $1.50 values now...$I ""DAN COHEN?J2&. Paris' Greatest Shoe Storevjicre Beauty and Economy Rcijatr;IfLN.Stt?..j-...N f -i. - ,3f - ". ,