,V5 A-J" v"v-i"1!EEap?!R!?s'",THE,"Ty'T" -?-NEWSv'prttgj&ftwwwwtttPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY JN THE YEAR.'f-lVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 23. 1920BOURBONt&w'MEASLES STEPHENS. PROMINENT PARISIAN, DIES IN!CALIFORNIA.A telegram received here Saturdayfrom Alameda, California, broughtthe sad tidings of the death in thatcity of Mr. Charles Stephens, one ofthe most prominent business men ofParis, following an operation at thelocal hospital.As has been their custom for several years Mr. and Mrs. Stephenswent to Alameda early in the fall tospend the winter with their sons,Drs. Barclay Stephens and CharlesJoy Stephens, who have been residents of the Golden State for manyyears. Several days ago Mr. Stephens was taken suddenly ill, due tothe recurrence of an old trouble.An immediate operation was advisedby his physicians. To this he sub-miLLcu, uut .Heart irouoie ensuing,his system could not rally from theshock, and death ensued.Mr. Stephens was a native ofParis, having been born in this citypeventy-eight years ago. He was a5on of the late Mr. Jos. Stephens,who was a pioneer grocer of Paris,being in business at the corner ofMain and Bank Row, on the site nowoccupied by the Masonic Temple,formerly the Elks Building. Mr.Stephens received his education inthe schools of his day, and inyoung manhood became associatedin the grocery business with his father, in which he continued untilseveral years ago, when he retiredfrom active business life. He stillcontinued to take an active interestin everything that pertained to thebusiness welfare of Paris, and wasprominent in all the movements thatcame up for the betterment of thecity and its citizens. He was foryears prominently identified withthe business interests of the city,having been a director in the oldCitizens' Bank, and the AgriculturalBank, and a large stockholder in thePower Wholesale Grocery and otherParis enterprises. For fifty yearshe was treasurer of the Paris Masonic Lodge, and held offices inother secret orders. He was an officer of the Paptist church, a man ofthe highest Christian character, andan honorable gentleman in all thatthe term implies. .He commandedthe respect and esteem of all classesand in his daily life sought to setan example to the rising generation.Mr. Stephens is survived by hiswidow, who was formerly Miss MaryMiller, a native of Richmond; histwo sons, Dr. Barclay Stephens andDr. Joy Stephens, of Alameda, Cali.,and one daughter, Mrs. Woodford jSpears, of Paris. The body, accompanied by Mrs. Stephens, and Dr.and Mrs. Barclay Stephens, is expected to arrive about Friday, forinterment in the Paris. Cemetery.BOYS' EASTER 'SUITS.Exceptional values at $15, $16and $18.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWING; ' Polo CoatsSuitsSilk and JerseyjDresses'Chintz and GinghamWashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TaryTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaistsPlain and Fancy Skirts ' -FRANKADIES' OUTFITTERSI'MOPEN GRATE CLAIMS ANOTHERPARIS VICTIM.The open grate claiired anothervictim in this city Saturday, wheiMiss Josephine English, aged seventeen, sustained burns which resulted in her death Saturday night ateight o'clock, at the Massie Memorial Hospital.xne young woman was sitting in.front of an open grate fire at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John English, on West street, Saturday morning playing with a littlechild, when a gust of wind blew herclothing against the grate, theflames entirely enveloping her person in a second. The girl's clothing was burned from her hody, andshe sustained burns about the body,her head, face, .neck and chest. Heragonized screams brought hermother from an. adjoining room. Inendeavoring to extinguish the flamesMrs. English was badly burned?bout the face, arms and hands.Both the injured were removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital,where their injuries were givenmedical attention.While a student at the Paris HighSchool Miss English proved a puzzleto the teachers and to physiciansand oculists of Paris and Lexingtonby her peculiar manner of writing.In writing her name or a composition she did it in a manner entirelydifferent from the ordinary person.Beginning at the right hand side ofthe sheet, she wrote backwards, andwhen the copy was finished, it hadto be held in 'front of a mirror inorder to transpose it so it might beread. Her name, when written byher, appeared as follows: "hsilgnEenihpesoJ." Physicians who examined the child declared there is notto their knowledge another caseof a similar nature in medical history. The unfortunate girl is survivedby her parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnEnglish, one sister, Miss AnnieEnglish, and one brother, RichardEnglish, all of Paris. The funeralwas held yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.-oPARIS WATER SUPPLY RUNS TOMUD.The water supply of the city ofParis for the past few days, both fordrinking and domestic purposes, hasbeen of anything but a wholesomeorder, unleps mud can he consideredwholesome. The water was almostthick enough to cut with a knife,and at times it could have beentwisted up like a roll of taffycandy. -The situation was like that of theold sailor in the old-time play,"The World," who, shipwrecked, andfloating on a raft on the bosom ofthe ocean, looked all around him,and dolefully sighed, "Water, water,all around, and not a drop fit todrink!""& CO.WAR MOTHERS INAUGURATEMEMORIAL CAMPAIGNPlans for raising the sum of $S.000 in Bourbon county, to be devoted to the Memorial Building onthe campus of the University ofKentucky, were launched last weekat a meeting, of Bourbon CountyWar Mothers, held in the courthouse.. Mr. Henrv S. Cavwood. ofNorth Middletown, presided.The meeting was well attendedfrom all parts of the county. Several contributions of $200 were received from members of the audience, and a large number of smallerdonations were announced. Chairman, Caywood and his committees are confident of ultimate success in securing Bourbon county'squota.As previously announced the WarMothers of Kentucky have undertaken to raise a fund of $300,000-with which to erect an imposingMemorial Building on the Universitycampus. This form of memorialwas decided on because- it wilL enable all the 'boys and girls of Kentucky who attend this to receivethe benefits of the memorial.The following is an incompletelist of the subscriptions received forthe memorial fund:C. H. Dalzell $20.00W. A. Thomason 25.00H. S. Caywood 200.00A. B. Hancock 200.00Sam Clay 200.00Catesby Spears 200.00Chas. C. Clarke 200.00N. F. Brent J 200.00John T. Collins 100.00Miss Lucy Simms 100.00W. D.-Mclntyre il 100.00James Caldwell 100.00Woodford Spears 100.00W. G. McClintock 50.00Sam Houston 50.00J. Miller Ward 50.00Ed Burke 50.00A. -T. Moffett 25.00Fielding Rogers 25.00Louis Rogers 100.00W. S, Meng ' 50.00Robert G. Jones 50.00Dave Clark 50.00Sam Bixler 10.00F. W. Galloway 10.00Frank Collins 10.00Woodford Buckner 10.00J. M. Sturgeon, Jr 10.00Mildred Covins , 15.00Millersburg Coal& Lumber Co 10.00R. S. Porter 5.00Robert Harbeson 5.00W. C. Gentry 5.00Lucy Henry 5.00J. M. Alverson 5.00G. P. Ksher 2.50Sanford Allen 10.00Chas. B. Layson - 25.-0,0,j. x. crown iu.uuWilliam Collins 1500F. Wm. Sledd 15.00R. F. Clendenin 10.00R. M. Gilkey 25.00Jas. M. Russell 15.00oMISS SWEENEY ADDRESSES WOMEN OF COUNTY.Before a large and representativeaudience of Bourbon county womenat The court house Saturday afternoon, Miss Mary E. Sweeney, Deanof Home Economics at the Universityof Kentucky, gave a most interestingand instructive address, taking forher theme the 'prese'nt social unrestand the high cost of living.Miss Sweeney laid the burden ofresponsibility largely upon womenof the present day, alleging thatthey do not properly realize the seriousness of conditions.PARIS GIRL INJURED IN TAXICAB ACCIDENT.Miss Louise Connell, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. John J. Connell, ofParis, a member of the Junior Classat the University of Kentucky, wasseverely injured Friday night aboutten o'clock, when the taxi-cab inwhich she was going to the fraternity dance at the Phoenix Hotel, incompany with James Truitt. a sophomore at the University, was struckby a Louisville & Nashville train atthe corner of Limestone and Waterstreets.The train was backing up at alow rate of speed from the WestEnd yards- to tl.c Union Station preparatory to its run to Paris, and thetaxi was goiiig north on Limestonestreet. Marshall Tully, eighteenyears old, was driving the taxi. Hedeclared that he was unable to seethe approaching train v because hisview was obstructed by Limestonestreet buildings. There was nowatchman at the crossing at thetime.Truitt and the driver were unhurt. Miss Connell's injuries werelimited to cuts and bruises ahout thehead and arms, and the nervousshock resulting from the accident.She was removed to the Good Samaritan Hospital, where her injurieswere given attention.MRS. JANE ADAMS CLAY SUESFOR DIVORCE.A suit for divorce, alleging crueland inhuman treatment was filed inthe oBce of the Franklin CircuitCourt, Friday, by Mrs. -fane AdamsClay, against her husband, DouglasK. Clay, of Paris.An action for divorce under thebame petition was sought by Mrs.Clay in the Bourbon Circuit Court,the petition being filed for a hearingat the present term of court. JudgeStout dismissed the case, holdingthat the action should have beenbrought in th.e Franklin CircuitCourt, Mrs. Clay being a resident ofFrankfort. In accordance with thisdecision, attorneys for Mrs. Claytraisf erred the suit to Frankfort.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAHarris. SnenirAK jr. xia. caprivately Saturday to Bristow' Brosa cottage locateon HiSgis Z'-nue, belonging to Samuel Griffith.for $1,800.Through the Harry L. Mitchellreal estate agency of Paris, CustisTalbott sold Saturday, to' E.x C. Poplin, insurance man, a two-story residence located on Brent street, for$2,750.INSURANCE ADJUSTERS SETTLEDAMAGE CLAIMS.Settlements covering: the firelosses sustained in the fire whichdamaged several buildings on Mainstreet, several days ago, have beenmade wiih the owners of the building. The houses will be repaired atonce, and made habitable for theiroccupants. Settlements have alsobeen made for losses incurred onstocks of goods in the buildings atthe time of the fire, which weredamaged by both fire and wateryThose receiving settlements fordamages were Mrs. M. C. Browning,owner of the building occupied bythe Kid Stout Cafe and the Gate-wood confectionery, J. A. Stern,owner of the Fair building, and thestoreroom adjoining occupied oy tneFair Annex as a wall naDer house.and on the stocks of goods belongingto Mrs. Cannie Stout, Gatewood, andthe Fair Store.Contracts have been let to theBourbon Lumber Co., for the carpenter work and lumber in repairingthe tour store rooms, and to January& Connell for the metal and roofingwork. The buildings are beingcleared of debris preparatory to beginning the work of remodeling.oCUT FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCASIONS. Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions furnished onshort notice.JO. VARDEN.OVERLAND GETS MILEAGE REC, 0RD UNDER 168 HOURSOF DRIVING.B. It. Dickerson & Son, local distributors for 'the well-known Overland automobile, are highly elatedover the gratifying results attainedby the Overland 'automobile in atest run ift Indianapolis, Ind., recently. A dispatch from 'Indianapolis,Ind., says:"Driven continuously for sevendays and seven nights, over ordinarysuburban roadways, an Overland 4stock car has established ar. Indianapolis, Ind., a new' unofficial world'smileage record for a light car urfder168 hours of incessant driving.The Overland 4 in the seven daysand nights of this remarkable enrdurance run piled up a record of 5,'452 miles. To make this new record the drivers of Overland 4 maintained an average speed of 32miles an hour, 24 hours a day. Gasoline mileage was 20.24 miles a gallon. "The consistency of Overland 4performance isshown in this tabulation of each day's run. The firstday and night the speedometer registered 749 miles. On the secondday the mark was 778 miles; on thethird,' 747 miles; on the fourth,793; fifth, 809; sixth, 823, and onthe last lap of the new unofl&cialworld's record, 753 miles."The test, the first of its kind tobe tried and actually accomplishedby a light car, stared at 9 a. m. onFebruary 25 and er.ded at 9 a. :'. onMarch 3. The run was conducted bythe Gibson Company, of Indianapolis, distributors for Overland cars.The mileage and gasoline recordsare certified by the following observers :Howard F (Howdy) Wilcox, winner of the 1919 Indianapolis Speedway 500 miles racing class; Munroe E. Boblet, Secretary of theHoosier Motor Club, of Indianapolis,and R. H. Scrogin, editor of theHoosier Motoust.Call on B. R Dickerson & Son, at106 East Tenth Stree't', in Paris, andlet them demonstrate the superiority cf the Oveiland car to you."CLASSICAL DAY" AT THE PARISHIGH SCHOOL FRIDAY.Arrangements for the observanceof Classical Day," the first event ofits kind to be held in the State, haveabout been completed. The eventwill take place in Paris High Schoolnext Friday afternoon, March 26,from 9:00 a. m. to 4:00 p. m. TheHigh School schedule will be setf.side for the day and the pupilseiven a chance to hear some of theState's best classical speakers. Thispromises to be one of the most interesting programs ever given in thecity. ' Paris and Bourbon countypeople are invited to attend. EveryLatin and Greek teacher in the Statehas been invited to attend. ,Among those who will make addresses on this day are Dr. T. B. McCartney -of Transylvania College,Lexington; Prof. T. T. Jones, of theUniversity of Kentucky, Lexington;Dr. GrinstSad, of ' the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School, Richmond; Prof. Ellett, of North Middletown; Miss Elizabeth Roff, of theParis High School faculty; Dr. JchnMiller Burnam, of the University ofCincinnati, Prof. Cannon, of theI Boys' High School, Louisvrlle.P0EJKI5 ISS B0YS M111 AF -TER LONG SEPARATION.', There was a pleasant reun ion oflong-separated brothers in Cincin-nati, recently, when Matt and EadsBernard Thornton, both former rest.?nU, Lof Paris' met for the first timeZWXZ ..ES JEWmov:e puDiication, "Reel Facts," ed-ltea by j. Maurice Ridge, gives thefollowing account of the meeting-"Bernard Thornton, who plays thepart of a college chap in 'AngelFace,' at the Grand Opera Housethis week, and his brother MatthewT. Thornton, booker at the Cincinnati office of Goldwyn DistributingCorporation, who had lost trace ofeach other for years, held a reunionthis week."The brothers were born ami mis-jed near Paris. Kv.. but snon nftprleaving college, they drifted apart.Matt did not know what had becomeof Bernard, except that he was inthe show business somewhere, untila Goldwyn picture, 'Lord and LadjAlgy,' starring Tom Moore, was presented at Gift's Theatre a few weeksago. M?:tt was astonished to seeBernard as one of the actors on thescreen. He wrote to the Goldwynstudios at Culver City, Cal., and wasinformed that Bernard, after a briefservice in the movies, had gone backto the legitimate stage, and waswith Victor Herbert's 'Angel Face'company."Matt dropped a note to his broth-ed when the show came to Cincin- Inati, andBernard Thornton, whohad never seen himself in 'Lord andLady Algy,' was the guest of honorat a private showing of the pictureat the Goldwyn office, Tuesday. Returning the compliment, Bernardinvited Matt, Oscar F. Bower, Cincinnati Manager for Goldyn, andMrs. Bower to be his guest at a theatre party at the Grand, Fridaynight."The Thornton brothers havepromised that they will never losetrace of each other again."oTO INSTRUCT INSTITUTEProf. Lee Kirpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris City Schools,has been engaged to conduct theBourbon County Teachers' Institutethe first week in September. He hasalso been engaged to conduct theInstitute to be held in Jessamineand Woodford counties. Prof. Kifkpatrick is president of the BourbonCounty Teachers' Federation andvice-president of the Kentucky StateTeachers' Federation.BURNING GRASS CAUSES ALARMOF FERE.Burning grass near the CatholicCemetery, which for a time threatened to spiead to a railroad toolhouse close by, caused an alarm tobe turned in from Box 34, at 3:45yesterday afternoon. The flameswere extinguished by the fire department.WE KNOW H0WPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart Clothes :Men who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced.Ready-to-wear clothes in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think, Andj themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-BlochSmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices.EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give Youand Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. The materials are -of the veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standardsfor America's real red-blooded men.MITCHELL &.CAMPAIGN OPENS ITOt MARJTBMEMORIAL FUND."Marne Memorial TVeek" openedyesterday in this city and county,under the direction, of Judge DeniaDundon, who was appointed Ckairman last week to take charge of tfecampaign. Kentucky's quota forthe fund has been placed at $,00t.Of this amount Bourbon county Isasked to contribute the small sunof one hundred dollars. The campaign will be held all over the country during the week of March 22 taMarch 27. It is the desire of Chairman Dundon to have Bourbon county's quota raised in small amounts,permitting everybody to contributemite to the fund, instead of having:the whole amount given by a fewpersons.The campaign is for the purpoae.of raising a fund for the McMonnieaMarne Memorial, which is to a replica of the statue of Liberty, to beerected on the banks of the Marneriver, to mark the spot where thesons of France under Joffre stemmed the German drive in 1914. Thememorial is to be known as "America's Gift To France," and a nationwide campaign is to be carried oafor the purpose of representing toour sister republic a gift in return,for the statue presented to theUnited States by Prance in 1885. Itis the earnest desire of those back ofthe plan to have every Derson in.X "U XZZZ: ?'.?. -"" r"SHOOTING AFFRAY ATJLOXiXALAPA FARM.Following an altercation over the.question of precedence in getting adrink of water, on the Xalapa Farm,of Edward Simms, near Paris, Sunday" at noon, Richard Wood, shotand killed Floyd Payne. Both werecolored laborers. The slayer madehis escape.Payne, with a bunch of thirtyfive had just arrived from Floridato work on construction work Inprogress at the farm. While standing near a water barrel waiting toget a drink Payne and Wood became involved in an argument as towho came first. Wood drew a revolver and shot Payne, death ensuing instantly.Coroner Davis was summoned andconducted an investigation. Testimony of witnesses showed the killing to have been unjustifiable. Coroner Davis will hold a formal ininquest at ten o'clock this morning.,.Officers are searching for Wood.oEASTER SALE.The ladies of the Catholic Churchwill have a sale of edibles in theoffice of the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., on Main street, on Saturday,April 3. Everything you need foryour Easter dinner. The ladies so-jlicit your patronage, which will begreatly appreciated.1BLAKEMORE1!i 1.ms. )ii1flrV .vov." L- 4y- t',JA;9-,trTHE BOURBON N1WS, PARIS, KENTUCKY 'PAW TWOTUESDAY, .MARCH 23, l$2t..IE BOURBON NEWSBMUished 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationNHiihed Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Brtered at the Paris, Kentucky,Boatoffice as Mail Matter cf theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thedttiacter, standing or reputation ofmmj person, firm or corporationwilch may appear in the columns ofTME BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofth editor.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. - New York American Press Asso-itiom.tfhfoaom TatA & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Jincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDifplay Advertisement!, 11.00 perlack for first time; 50 cents per inchMofe subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineseek issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andalnrtlar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesascts and yearly contracts.Tke right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherMatter "for publication.Announcements for political officeslust invariably be accompanied byke cash.NEWS PRINT HOGSWhen you read the mammoth Sunday edition of some large city dailypaper, do you ever pause to thinkiiiat the size of that edition is one ofthe leading factors in the shortageof news print paper? It is quite so.The publishers of many of thesebig dailies are greedy hogs.They know that it is extremelyfJJfficult for the country press to secure sufficient print paper withwhich to put out their limited weekly editions. They know that if thecoutry publisher can not secure thenecessary paper stock he must go tothe wall.Yet Sunday after Sunday theycontinue to issue editions so largethat it becomes a physical impossibility to read them. Section afterSection is placed in the Sunday papers that contains nothing of a newselement, and but little of any practical value whatever. Usually it iscomposed largely of sickening slush,which a schoolboy would be ashamed to father. It is a useless waste ofmaterial which is already difficult toobtain. It reminds one of the hogthat roots the bucket over in, itsgreedy eftort to get all of the slop.ome of the city dailies have Sunday circulations as high as fourhundred thousand. One useless eightpa?e section omitted from such anedition would furnish the news printnecessary for a week's supply for atleast two hundred country newspapers. One such section omitted fromthe New York and Chicago Sundaypapers alone would supply over twothousand country papers.One section omitted from thesepapers would hardly be missed. Itwould create no hardship whatever.The failure of two thousand country papers to make their appearance on press day would create a.furore.The big daily newspapers would&ave the people believe that theshortage of newsprint is due to under production. As a matter of actual fact, it is due in great part tothe hoggishness of the Sunday dailies. Congress may not realize it, butthe thousands and thousands ofcountry editors have their eyesglued on Washington. They are.waiting to see what Washington isgoing to do about it.Congress can aid the situationrery materially by placing a reasonable limit on the size of Sunday papers, varying according to population. This will not infringe upon the legitimate rights of tbe daily papers.It will protect the rights of thecountry press.Already some country papers havesuspended publication because theycould not secure the paper -necessaryJo print their editions. In the faceof such conditions, to permit thedaily news print hog to continueiiis present practice will inflict incalculable damage upon the countrypress.Week kneed officials prattle aboutihe situation working itself out. Itwill not.No hungry dog was ever knownto voluntarily surrender a juicyhone.And the news print hog is evengreedier than the dog.oCOST OF PRINT PAPER.The Cynthiana Log Cabin makesthe following comment on the newsprint paper situation, which butechoes the sentiment of every newspaper in Kentucky:"A lot of news print paper boughtthis week cost The Log Cabin 10 cper pound, freight to be added. Wewed to buy news print at 2c perpound. We have not been sayingmuch, about the price of news, forwhen a fellow is being held up androbbed it's useless to yell, especiallywhen no one seems able to pi eventit. In the meantime, the old homepaper is about the only thing underJtl ,sun that has not increased inprice in the last two years."A DISTINGUISHED VISITOR ARRIVES IN PARIS.A few days ago there arrived inParis a distinguished visitor, onewhose presence here means more tothe community than would a visitfrom the Prince of Wales. But nocommittee of distinguished citizenswas on hand to greet him, and hisname was not found on the hotelregister. He came quietly, unheralded .and very much alone.Slipping quietly into the community he announced his presence by acheery whistling and a heavenlysong from the lawn of the homewhere he arrived. Children on theirway to school smiled their happygreetings to the newly arrived guest,and old age paused leaning on itscane to listen.' A maiden looked upas she passed and heard the voice ofthe singer with unutterable rapture.The new arrival was .the redbreastedrobin, harbinger of spring.The robin's song is a more sacredtimepiece than holidays or risingconstellations. Not only is the musicineffably sweet, but the bird itself isa token of returning life to the community. The breezes of summer arein his song, and we can see the redflowers on his breast. Next to Nature's greatest wonder and plessing,a baby's smile, the song of the robinimparts more joy to life at presentthan anything else.But our guest will' do more thansing. He will build. True, it isonly a tiny simple edifice that heerects, still he is a builder. And itis something to have constructed inthis world of crumbling forms onelittle nest. And in that nest he andhis mate will accomplish that perpetual miracle of Nature, reproduction of themselves. With wonderign eyes we will watch the tinyeggs, the brooding mother, the providing father, the newborn fledglings, the fluttering wings, and thenat last when autumn comes again,the vacant nest. It is our life inminiature."SAVE - MONEY - ON - MEAT"WEEK BATES ANNOUNCED"The Department of Justice announced to-day the dates of 'SaveMoney On Meet' Week in the variousStates. During these weeks an effort will be made to reduce materially the prices of the cuts of beef,pork and lamb now in heavy demand by showing consumers the advantage of turning to those whichare equally nutritious, but whichcost much less."The week beginning April 5 willbe 'Save Money On Meat' Week inthe District of Columbia and thefollowing States:Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky,South Carolina, Florida, Mississippi,Arkansas, West Virginia, Delaware,North Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia,Alabama, Louisiana, Missouri."On each day of 'Save Money onMeat' Week some particular ' cut orcuts of the inexpensive variety willbe featured and will be sold, at a lowprice. Retailers who hitherto havenot carried in stock some of the lesscostly cuts because their customersdid not ask for them intend to layin adequate quantities of such portions of meat. If the consumers willtake" advantage of the highly nutritious and palatable pieces of meatwhich are relatively inexpensive,the saving effected will be tremendous, and the slackened demand forthe cuts now popular will result inlower prices thereon."Under present conditions theprice of the choicest cuts are in extreme instances fiifty or sixty centohigher per pound than the price ofother good, wholesome meat fromthe same animal."13 IS AAfter The Thirteenth Dose of Trutona, Mr. Gaddie Sleeps. WholeNight ThroughNUMBERLUCKY ONE fflVIEMANLOUISVILLE, KY., March 22."After the thirteenth dose of Trutona I was able to go to bed andsleep the night Mhrough, withouthaving to get up." This remarkablestatement was made by Lee H. Gaddie, of 514 South First street. Mr.Gaddia says that for years he liasbeen bothered with his kidneys having to get up as often as ten timein one night. He says further thathe has tried many various kinds otremedies and could not find any thatwould help him, let alone entirelyrelieve him, until he took Trutona.Mr. Gaddie says, "Trutona did mywife so much good that I decided tofry it one day when, picking up thebottle, I noticed that it was goodfor the kidneys. For years they havehave been in a terrible condition.During the day and night I was continually having to relieve them, andit got so bad that I couldn't workand at night I couldn't sleep."I started to take Trutona, a tablespoon full four times a day, andas I said, after the thirteenth dose1 went to bed and slept the wholenight through without getting uponce. It has sweetened up my stomach so much and got it in such astrong condition I believe that Icould eat and digest all the sand inthe Ohio River. I don't care howbad you feel, Trutona will helpyou."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)oWhat's become of the good oldhoueswife who browned her owticoffee?fGIRUS1 A MASSOF WAVY, GLEAMYBEAUTIFUL HAIRLet "Danderine" save andglorify your hairIn a few moments you can transform your plain, dull, flat hair. Youcan have it abundant, soft, glossyana iuii ot lire, just get at anydrug or toliet counter a small bottleof "Danderine" for a few cents.Then moisten a soft cloth with theDanderine and draw this throughyour hair taking one small strand ata time. Instantly, yes, immediately,you -nave doubled the beauty of yourhair. It will be a mass, so soft, lustrous, fluffy and so easy to do up.ah oust, airt ana excessive on isremoved.Let Danderine put more life, color,vigor and brightness- in your hair.This stimuating tonic will freshenyour scalp, check dandruff and falling hair, and help your hair to growlong, thick, strong and beautiful.(adv)oSPEAKER URGES HAPPIER FARMLIFE FOR GIRLS.Social starvation and economic injustice are forcing the sons anddaughters x of farmers to -migrate to the cities. Mr. H.L. McKnight, of Nacogdoches, Tex.,told the delegates to the AmericanFarm Bureau Federation at Chicago."Regeneration of rural Americamust be brought about if this country is to accomplish the things intended by its founders," said MrMcKnight, "Social starvations andeconomic injustice are the twin evilsof rural life. We must do somethinto keep red-blooded boys and girlson the farms. Under conditions existing in some rural communitieswe can not blame those who areyoung and ambitious for leavinthe farms and going to the city."We of Texas are ready to strikehands with the people of all sectionsfor a fight on the economic injustice suffered by agricultural people.One of the. srreat purposes of thisfederation must be the raising of afund commensurate with the task ofbuilding rural communities for service and carrying on its work inother lines. A fund of a milliondollars would not be too much toforward this movement."oCONFEDERATE MOTHERS TOFORM ASSOCIATIONEvery living Confederate motherwith a living Confederate veteranson is to be enrolled by the SouthernConfederate Memorial Association,the oldest body of organized patriotic women in the world as far as isknown, and presented with a beautiful gold bar with the monogram ofthe C. S. M. A. engraved thereon.Mrs. Lollie Belle Wylle, a wellknown Southern writer, has collected some interesting records of manyConfederate mothers.The work of collecting and recording the Confederate mothers isbeing done by the State presidentof the Southern Confederate Memorial Association, under the chairmanship of Mrs. Frank D. Tracy, ofFlorida.Every Confederate mother havinga living Confederate veteran son iseligible if she has her papers or recognition correct. There is" a list ofConfederate mothers waiting to beofficially recorded by Mrs. A. McD.Wilson, the president-general.oGOVERNOR SIGNS BILL CREATING STATE HIGHWAYSGovernor Morrow, Tuesday, signed the Smith-Moss bill creating asystem of State highways, extendinginto every county, to be built andmaintained by State and Federalfunds under supervision of a StateHighways Engineer who succeedsStale Road Commission.The bill was signed in the presence of Representative S. G. SmithSenator White Moss, Commissionerof Public Roads Joe Boggs, SenatorH. H. Simms, Senator Jacob Matzger, Senator T. B. Watts, SenatorGeorge Baker, Representatives R. L.McFarron, I. S. Mason, J. L. Trumboand James A. Scott, of the State TaxCommission.The pen which the Governor usedin signing the bill was presented toRepresentative Smith, who , pilotedthe bill through the House.The Governor also signed the billof Representative Mason to requirepassenger trains once each wa3'every day on railroad fiftyv mileslong.oBlondes who- inhabit roominghouses are always either eloping orI, disappearing. . -BETHURUM WILL NOT BUN FOB' SENATOR.In a letter addressed to "UncleBill" Schooler, editor and publisherof the Commonwealth, Judge B. J.Bethurum, who had-been regarded asa candidate for the Republican, nomination for United States Senatorannounced that in the interest ofparty harmony and success he willnot make the raci He will supportRichard -P.. Ernst, of Covington, forthe nomination.In his letter Judge Bethurum saidhe had canvassed the situation andhad reached the conclusion that hisentering the race would lead to aprotracted and heated campaign anathat this circumstance would bemost unfortunate when the Republicans are "truly on the threshold ofa great national victory."A TIMELY SUGGESTIONThe next time you have a coughor cold try Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is pleasant to take andyou are sure to be pleased with therelief which it affords. This remedy has a wide reputation for itscures of coughs and colds.WANTEDMan with drilling outfit to drilltwo water wells. Write or telephone. MASON-HANGER CONSTRUCTIONCOMPANY,(l&-2t) Paris, Ky.LostBetween the Alamo Theatre andPleasant street, yesterday afternoon,a brooch, set with small pearls anddiamonds. Finder will please returnto this office. (19-tf)For SalePrivately the brick building onMain street, between Seventh andEighth, now occupied by AlbertBacon as a billiard parlor. For information, call onMRS. JAS. CONNELLEY.(19-2t) Cum. Phone 480.WantedYoung men, 17 upward, desiringRailway Mail Clerkships, $110 permonth. Write for free particulars,examinations, J. LEONARD, (formerGovernment Examiner), 9S5 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.U. S. SCHOOL OF CrVTL SERVICE,(Incorporated.)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,'Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.For Sale Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boar, weight275 to 300 pounds a good one.JOHN J. REDMON,31. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Phone, Ciimhf-il ui'l 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)For SaleBuy your i'M'ic. Player Piano orTalking ztfacbinj rira'one, of theoldest firms in Kentucky. Wchandle the best instruments on themarket.We also make a specialty ofPiano tuning, adjusting and repairing of all kind.J. H. TEMPLEMAN CO.,John B. Geis, Rep.Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High. St.(9-tf)Residence For SalePrivatelyBrick residence at corner Eleventh and Main streets, Paris, Ky.Contains eight rooms, sleepingporch, new bath, gas, electricity,brick mantels, etc. Interior finishedin mahogany and old ivory. Twolarge cellars. Large lot 68 by 170feet. New stieet improvements fullypaid for. Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,Farmers' & Traders' Bank Building,Paris, Ky. (mar5-tf)Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in, Carlisle. ..... .12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel 12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel3iris..f 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel.. 12: 15 pm.Arrive Millersbnr? 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel1:15 p.m.1:55 p.m.Arrive in Millersbuig;Arrive Windsor HotelBoth Phones 204.2:25 p.m.PUBLIC SALEOFA 1-STORY 6-R00M FRAME RESIDENCESSaturday, March 27, 1920, at 1:30 p. nt.,Located on the corner of Main and Boone Streets, Paris, Kentucky, aiddescribed as follows:Large living room, three bed rooms, dining room and kitchen;gas and electric lights. House newly painted and papered, large concrete front porch, concrete walks, good garage, large garden amd sicelawn. Lot 63x250 feet.Having made arrangements to move elsewhere, I have placed theabove described property in the hands of Harris, Speakes 6 Harris farsale on the above place and date, rain or shine.Anyone in market for a modern home will do well in looking atthis property.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.For further particulars call onI. W. STRAUTHER, Owner,or HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS. Agents, Paris, Ky. (td)PUBLIC SALE. ' OPHousehold and Kitchen FurnitureHaving 'sold my property, I will sell at public sale, onThursday, March 25, 1920at 1:30 o'clock p, m. prompt, on Cypress S'treet, Paris, Kentucky,the following:Library Furniture;Dining Room Furniture, quarter-sawed oak; ,,Bed Room Furniture; .-1 handsome Hat Rack;1 Wash Stand Set;Tables, Chairs and Pictures;All the above furniture is hand carved;Iron Beds;1 Kitchen Table;1 French Clock;1 Miller Range;. , -.Many other articles too numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day 'of sale.MRS. J. T. BROWN,GEO, D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer , Paris, Ky.(mar 16-19-23)m. r Km flKikLOCATThe SoullessBecause the TelephonetONC p"sTANCtuuus not necessarily mean mat it is witnout fionor or the desire to deal fairly; that it is not as anxious as any other business enterprise to serveyou satisfactorily, at a fair price, and to merityour good will.Corporations even public service corporationsare simply associations of men and women,managed and operated by men and women, all ofwhom are just as human as men and women inother walks of life.These men and women who are the TelephoneCompany have every-reason for trying their bestto make their management and service acceptableto you their places, pay and promotion dependupon just that thing!Forget the soulless corporation" -when you thinkof the Telephone Company think, instead, of themen and women who compose it. Give them atleast "the benefit of the doubt."wAt Your Service"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.SSS w1 lii - if ABourboniDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4XMKill1 J IaAHbi 'IBHr fJThe Bourbon Laundry jParis, Kentucky jCorporation"t0nCDl?TArtCrtCompany is a corporationLaundry!IWest Fifh StreetXsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesIXIXIXIXIa and expert helpers we arerior to none, and solicityour patronage.-W-" 4"'A 7J..1I-"H:ll J 'i4,' , j. -.s-rs.'x- --.,?V?-'"XP ' W AWt sv-v V- '? ' w" Wi M-" JTJ v:- Jf4 ;-;4:v.-At' TUESDAY, 'MARCH 23, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGBTHKU,?wWornrv iH"3 ry.ac3.e 101SB;Bright eyes, a clear s!cn a?.-J a bodyfull of youCi ahd health may beyours if you wii! l:ee? your systemn crdsr by regularly taking&W&6ftS .-.-xw oi '3: P7 tij-LLtl R7 i-Ji f f r.V.1GfcLSMEQ&Lv&wwTho "world's standard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles, theenemies of Vio and looks. In use since1C95. Ail dtut'gis's. three sizes.Look for h- mma Cn!cJ MeJ-1 en every boxM:d f-'ivMt no imitationBANDITS GET 94 CASESLEXINGTON, KY., March 23.LEXINGTON, KY., March 19.A gang of seven masked wilth blackhandkerchiefs, raided the Old TarrDistillery warehouse early Thursday,and, after binding two guards at thepoint of revolvers, forced them tounlock the warehouse, stealing ninety-fourcases of whiskey seized lastJanuary at Versailles, Ky., alleged tobe the property of R. E. Wathen &Co., Louisville.The bandits said they "had comeafter their whiskey," and carried itaway in an automobile truck. Telephone wires leading to the distillery,were cut and the alarm was not givenuntil the guards were able to get outsome- hours after the raid."SYRUP OF FIGS"ISLAXATIVEFOR CHILDLook At Tongue! Hemove PoisonsErom Stomach, Liver andBowelsr AJZM-sAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for tie name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." !(adv)Standard of Taste.One of my i fellow wage-slaves (relates Louge) is the proud possessorof n exceedingly noisy shirt white,Uttti wide orange and purple stripes,tf $ou will believe it. One evening,he was calling on some friends whoiNlve a five-year-old daughter. Theyowngster gazed wide-eyed at theEMfiming combination, then, subbingJbftr hand over the shirt front, injured : "What kind of a flag Is that?'Cleveland Plain Dealer.Luck is largely a matter of courage. o rA revolving door is a poor placeto drop a quarter.oMany a sale is killed or made inthe approach.WE HAVEWork ShoesandDress ShoesFor Men and BoysBy selling them in conjunction with many other lines,such as KSuits, Hats, Etc.you can buy them for less.See for yourself.If You'll Stop HereYou'll Buy Here.Twin Bros.Men's StoreX. WOLLSXEIK, Proprietor619 Main StreetJUDGE DUNDON APPOINTED ASCHAIRMAN OF MEMORIALCOMMITTEEJudge Denis Dundon, of Paris, hasbeen askecj to accept the Countyinairmanship to raise BourbonCounty's part of Kentucky's prorataof the cost of a monument which willbe erected on the site of the firstMarne battle, and to be known as"America's Gift to France."This monument is being designedby Frederick MacMonnies, the famous American sculptor, and the exact site will be selected by GeneralFoch and General Joffre. .The totalcost of the monument will be $250,000, and it is the earnest desire ofthose with whom the idea originatedthat this money be raised by subscription from every county in everyState in the Union.Kentucky's quota is $6,000, and-tne amount desired to be raised mBourbon County will be $100. Thecampaign will be held all over thecountry during the week of March22 to March 27, and Chairman Dundon is particularly desirous to haveBourbon County go "over the top"on schedule tune.Everybody is asked to send a smallsubscription to Chairman Dundon toquickly raise Bourbon County'squota.It is the desire of Judge Dundonto have the quota one hundred dollars, from Bourbon, raised in smallamounts, permitting everybody tocontribute a mite to the fund, instead of having the whola amountgiven by a few persons..A General Appeal For "The Gift."The Marne was one of the sreatthrobbing moments of the heart ofthe world. At the Marne the idealism of the ages was fused with thesupreme moral and physical heroismof the hour. Over the Marne breathed the spirit of Salamis and of Tours.At the Marne the supreme love ofliberty was crystalized into the supreme defense of liberty bv one ofthe agencies of civilization mosthighly dedicated to human libertythe Kepubtic of France.This Memorial, this Gift of America to France, is the effor tto expressin a tangible.enduring form the profound admiration of one liberty-loving nation for the devotion of a sister Republic to the -ideals and practises of liberty.This same love, and a similar devotion to similar ideals, led us in timeto enter the war. And running current with the high purpose of America to protect this world-liberty, wasthe steady glow of our century-oldgratitude to France. While we donot now feel, nor will we ever feel,that we have paid in measure-full,all we owe to LaFayette, we maytruly say that at the later Marnewe took a larger credit on our deathless debt to France. And we standtoday, France and America, moreclosely bound than ever before,bound by ties of mutual sacrifice andheroism, ties that run from Yorktownto Chateau Thierry and that willnow endure until the end of time.This Memorial should be given byall Americans, and especially bythose to whom did not come the highprivilege to offer themselves uponthe soil of France. And we shouldbe as jealous of our poor right nowto give a little money, as were ourboys on the banks of the Marne andin the Argonne Forest, of their mostglorious right to give life and live;to give and give until life and lovewere gone. Kentucky will give;give her share and more, and give,we hope, from many hearts and manyhands ,because the number of thosewho give, and not the amount given,will be accorded as the measure ofour sympathetic interest in this noble and beautiful workSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.LIFT OFF CORNS!Doesn't hurt at all and costs onlya few centraL. A. Soper is in Artesia, Miss.,on a business trip.Mrs. Ben Buckner has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Richmond. Mrs. Alex King has returned toher home in Richmond after a visitto friends in this city.Miss Olivia Orr has returned toher home in this city from a visit torelatives in Georgetown.Mrs. Hattie Thomas, of Versailles, is a guest of Mrs. MargaretBurnett, on Winchester street.Mayor E. B. January attendedthe meeting of the Executive Committee of the Odd Fellows' Home,held in Lexington recently.Dr Wm. Riley Franklin, whohas been confined to his home onCypress street several weeks withinfluenza, is able to be out again.Marion Purcell, who has beenconducting a livery stable on Secondstreet, has sold out his business, andmoved to his farm, near Crayton, inNicholas county.Mrs. Percy Reid, of Richmond,accompanied by her mother, Mrs. M.A. .Patoiu of Paris, spent severaldays in Cincinnati the past week.Mrs. Reid has been visiting relatives in this city.(Other Personals on Page 5.)E00D IN SEASON.A market gardener living nearone of the large cities asks why people always hanker after high-pricedimported food containing little nourishment when the markets have forsale lower-priced home-grown articles of much greater dietary value.He instances the demand for cucumbers, tomatoes and strawberries, justcoming into the markets, which areabnormally high and not at thenbest in quality, but are finding aready sale, while the farmers andgrocers find it almost impossible tosell their remaining winter vegetables, such as parsnips, turnips andsquashes, although these are of firstquality, high in nutriment and absurdly low in price.Of course the principal reason foithe demand for luxurious type offoods about which the complaint iomade is that people are tired of theheavier diet ofwinter and long forthe lighter, fresher foods. But thepoint of extravagance is there. It ispossible to have a varied diet ofeasily digested foods without turning from the vegetables and fruitswhich are in season to those whichare not.Certainly economy and a fair regard for the home producer, mustdispose of his stuff if he is to be encouraged to grow more, indicate themore practical method of buyingprthe table.abtTofadvigeFirst Don't Delay; Second Don'tExperiment.Magic! Just drop a little Freezone on that touchy corn, instantlyit stops aching, then you lift thecorn, off with the fingers. Truly!No humbug!Try Freezone! Your druggist selisa tiny -bottle for a .few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn between thetoes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.)Freezone is the discovery of a noted Cincinnati genius. (adv)BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggsSTERN BROS.. 'Successors to Munich& Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-m-T) .If you suffer from backache;headaches or dizzy spells: if yourest poorly and are languid in themorning; if the kidney secretionsare irregular and unnatural in appearance, do , not delay. .In suchcases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyprepared for kidney trouble. Askyour neighbor. They are recommended by thousands. Can Parisresidents desire more convincingproof of their effectiveness than thestatement of a Paris citizen who hasused them and willingly testifies totheir worth?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 CypressStreet, Paris, says: "Some yearsago I found it necessary to use a kidney remedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used themThey proved to be satisfactory andpermanetly rid me of the complaint.X have good reason to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakand lame back or irregular passagesof the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Fostei-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTOf course it would be very niceand commendable to teach the illiterate grown-ups how to read andwrite in the "moonlight schools."Tint what Kentucky needs most is toget into "the daylight schools" thatone-fourth of our boys and girls ofschool tfge who do not attend schoolat all. Why strain at gnats andswallow- camels? Enforcement ofthe new compulsory attendance lawwill do more to wipe out illiteracythan all the "moonlight schools"that could be established.oPersia Sparsely Peopled.It is veasy to overrate the land ofDarius and Cyrus, Amur, and Hafiz,for Persia has not nearly a many inhabitants as Mexico. Estimates differ.widely and there has never been a real.census, hut if is possible that n tt ter"ritory equal to Fiimce, Germany, theBritish isles and Italy all taken together, the population does not exceed that of little Belgium. In areaPersia is more than 15 times as bigas Ohio, but It contains fewer thantwice as many people.a.iSiiiiiiT533"SPRING-FEVER"Spring Bays Are TreacherousGerms Don't Disappear WithCold WeatherAND BI00D IS SLUGGISH ANDWEAKDon't Take Chances If You Feel Bad. 1Enrich Your Blood WithPepto-ManganThere is a great deal of serioussickness in the Spring.And it is easy to see why. Lonerweeks pent up indoors, too little exercises and fresh air, winter sicknesses not entirely over with, a generally lowered vitality. Blood weakand . sluggish. Then come fineSpring days that are not as warmat they seem; or sudden changes inthe weather, and you haven't takenproper precautions.Vigorous, red-blooded people don'toften get sick. If you're not feeling your best, get Pepto-Mangan ofyour druggist and take it to buildup your blood. This effective andagreeable tonic has been .tested forover thirty years, and physicians,everywhere, recommend it for rundown, pale and anemic people.The whole family should takePepto-Mangan it is good health insurance. .Besides, what a iov it is tofeel fit and fine ready for anything! To have an abundance ofenergy and enthusiasm!Pepto-Mangan is for sale at yourdruggist's, and in both liquid andtablet form. There is no differencein medicinal value. Take whichever you prefer. But to make sureyou get' the genuine, ask for "Glide'sPepto-Mangan" and see tint thename "Glide's" is on the package.(adv)oCHAMP CLARK MAY RUN FOR!PRESIDENT. - !OU R every professional act isperformed in a satis-factory manner.Our experiencedmethods and the justness of our businessconduct are abovecriticism."mimnllyliliiiriiiiinTrr-T-i-B.i "i.!!-.-,---.-..-...iriMIft"giBa;...BJSgBMflgChamp Claik has stepped into therace for the Democratic Presidential nomination.This is the conclusion that Mi.Clark admitted might be drawn ,lrom a telegram he s'jnt to mi ram l,.Gardner, Secretary of the GeorgiaState Democratic committee, in response to requests as to whether he jwould be a "receptive 'candidate.Mr. Clark's closest friends indicated that the message" meant thathe would not be a candidate for Senator from Missouri. A Senatorialcampaign would have to be startedsoon, they pointed out, and' the belief was that Mr. Clark, if unsuccessful in obtaining the Presidentialnomination, preferred to remain amember of the House.THE BEST LAXATIVE."My sedentary habits have necessitated the use of an occasional laxative. I have tried many, but foundnothing better than Chamberlain'sTablets," writes George F. Daniels,Hardwick, Vt. Mr. Daniels is proprietor of the Hardwick Inn, one ofthe model hotels of New England.(adv)oUsually a man that doesn't carehow he looks doesn't care what hedoes.The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseBHHHHSiaBBHaHBHBHHHr 'iytjBjBaBBKSBSMPBjBaBMw ofcaaYElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLMERET. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSElltJ.gaU-3rl.SA8ag. UMiita.J5 tg-Sir 35BgaiS55i-5iJgi!5SsgsgglSjgysg?u3HGrow Fine TobaccoBy using FERTILIZER. More tobacco, better color, andprices always right.See COLLIER BROS.BEFORE. YOU BUYOffice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phot SSIHome Pliant 257MmiiuiimuiJi,!..-.-i,g-V.!i;UTHE NORTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56" AUTO -TRACK WAGOHWeber Too Lower Others Too High?ESwircl-Coupiins: and Fifth-WkeelHow Best to Determine Correctness ofPrice AskedITHER the price of the Weber standardized auto-track wagon is away too low orelse the prices of other wagons are awaytoo high. You can figure it out for yourselfby comparison.For instance, examine some well-knownwagon that sells for practically the same priceas the Weber and note carefully the ironing ofthe gears and the distinctive features ifthey have any.Now come over and see us and let us show you the Weber. Compare thiswagon, point for point, and size of each piece of wood stock, with the other fellow'sproduct. Note the ironing of the Weber gears and bear in mind how cheapthe other fellow's wagon gears looked in comparison. Note the Weber swivel-reach-couplingthat takes all twisting strain off the gears and brakes and don'tforget that this feature was entirely lacking on the other fellow's wagon. Notethe Weber Fifth-Wheel that distributes the strain on the front bolster, preventsit from rocking and reduces to a minimum whipping of the tongue, etc anddon't forget that this feature, too, was altogether lacking on the other fellow'swagon.N A difference of $1 1.50 to $18.00 in favor of the Weber is apparent nearlyalways.Now then answer to your own satisfaction the question of whether theprice of the Weber with strictly A-grade wheels with high carbon tire, is too low orthe prices of other wagons too high, considering quality. And remember wesell Weber Auto -Track Wagons the "King, of all Farm Wagons."THE C. S. BALL GARAGECorner Fourth and Pleasant Sts.THE SOUTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 5" AUTO -TRACK .WACOMnfV- ?5 !r ..Ml1 Ha-MJ"i- nA' tSiT". .1One idea breeds another.y,I-""' Kf-KS'J"wt.-'A-f ... -ur- ""V"--w ,y ,vt'PAGlFOCTtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 23, lfifc91 iIKeys FoundLarge bunch of keys found ontoner avenue. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying for this advertisement. Call atEOURBON NEWS office. (tf)Lost Dog Reward.Large white and black spottedJiound dog. Had 1920 tag withname and address of owner on same.Liberal reward for return to owner.J. HAL WOODFORD,(23-31) Paris, Ky.FIREJALE!On Saturday ,March 27At 2 O'clock P. M.I will sell at public auction 'myentire stock ofCIGARS, TOBACCOS,CIGARETTES and CANDIESat JF'rank Remington's storagehouse, on the corner of Pleasantand Fourth Streets, in Paris, Ky.Q. T.Successor to Frank' Burton.PUBLICorain StreetOn ths Premises, onSaturday. March 27, at 10 A. MLHaving legated in Lexington, I have placed in the hands of H. L.Mitchell to ofLr for sale at public auction my brick residence at cornerof Eleventh and Main Streets, Paris,. Ky.House contains 8 rooms, halls, sleeping porch, bath, gas. electriclights, brick mantels, etc.Interior finished in mahogany and old ivory. 'Two large cellars, large lot fronting 63 feet on Main Street, andhas a depth of 175 feet.Terms easy and made known on (by of sale.Mrs. R. P. Walsh, who is occupying the premises, will take pleasf nre in showing the property to prospective purchasers..Tor further particulars, apply toMRS. E. C. KELLER, Owner, Lexington, Ky.or H. L. MITCHELL, Real Estate Agent, Paris, Ky.M. P. KENNEY, Auctioneer.v.(23-2t) . -M-Ut.'JUJtDIIIME have alwaysl rei business successjgSggg tj1js our Agency(Jt iifehave stood since its establishment. Beingfully equipped to give you any informationwith reference to Insurance, we cordiallyinvite you to call. on us at any time.This service, plus your co-operation,gives us confidence to adopt as our sloganA Million Dollar Agency For 1920and the Presidency of the MarathonClub by June 1, 1920.B-U-S-S--E-S-S for USSpells P-R-O-F-I-T for YOUThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.R. F.CLENDENINAssociate General Agent ,First National Bank Bldg. PARIS, KY.Experienced HandWantedWe want to hire a good man toI work on farm. Good house and garden furnished.I A. S. OR ALVIN THOMPSON,J (23-2t) Paris, Ky.Lost, Strayed or StoleniI From my place near Paris, a redheifer, weight about 500 pounds. Areward will be paid for recovery, or'for information leading to recoveryof same. 1 1 .JAMES W. THOMPSON,(23-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.For Salej One corn mill, complete; 12-horse-Ipower Fairbanks & Morris engine;j will fJe'll cheap,i GEO. W. JOHNSON,Lock Box 233, Millersburg. KyI (23-2t) i4ZAgents Wantedj Wanted, man with team or auto,pvho can give bond to sell 137 Wati'dns Home and Farm products.Biggest concern of kind in world.$1,500 to $50,000 yearly income.This county open. Write to-day.J. R. WATKINS CO.,(It) Dept. 112, Winona, Minn.SALEResidencessayefelt that the secret ofis service; and forand the CompanyY. H. C. A. NOTES.Much interest is being1 developedin connection with the Boys' Hexathlon Athletic Contest to be held atthe Y. M. C. A. on Friday afternoonand evening, March 26.Contestants are grouped according to weight into five classes. Thefollowing are the classes and events:60 to 80 pounds; over 80 ' to 95pounds; over 95 to 110. Classeshave short distance potato race, longdistance potato race, target throw.standing broad jump, bar snap fordistance.The 110 to 125 class and the unlimited class have the followingevents: The short and long distancepotato races, the running high jump,standing broad jump, fence vault,8-pound shot put.Any boy of Bourbon - countyweighing 60 pounds and over andunder eighteen years of age is eligible to enter. No charge is made toenter.The Bourbon County Associationis awarding a ribbon to the winnerin each event in each weight class "30 ribbons in all and a gold medal tothe boy securing the highest number of points.The International Y. M. C. A. willgive a trophy to the Y scoring thehighest number of points and the International award to every boy whoscores 400 points.All records are reduced to pointsso comparisons can be made. Alarge number of Associations andseveral thousand boys have baeiiparticipating in these meets sincethey were inaugurated .several yearsago until now much rivalry has developed. This will be the first yearfor the Bourbon County Athletics tomatch their efforts against those ofi he other associations in Ihis contestand the boys are actively trainingfor the big meet.The meet will be open to the public. .The March issue of the Y. M. C.magazine, "Association Men," contains a complete financial statement covering $161,722,649.42 received in the three campaigns by theNational War Work Council.The directors of the BourbonCounty Association ordered and havereceived 200 extra copies of themagazine for the benefit of Bourboncounty subscribers to the UnitedWar Work Fund. Copies may hesecured free at the Associationbuilding.Interest is growing very rapidlyin the Boys' Hexathlon meet scheduled for Fiiday at the Y. M. C. A.building.Contests for the 80 pounds, 9opound and 110 pound classes willbe held Friday afternoon, March 26,at 3:30 p. m. and for the 125 poundand unlimited weight classes willbe held Friday evening at- 7:30p. m.A large number of entries was received for all of the events, most ofthe best High Schools and Y athletes being entered. A large crowdis expected to see the contest. Nocharge will be made for admission.. 0CUT FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCAt SIONS.Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions furnished onshort notice.JO. VARDEN.-o-ATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIfT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejtfst arrived. This containsFIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds, now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your patch beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)oSMOKING FLUE CAUSES ALARM.OF FIRE.A pall of black smoke hangingoer a chimney in the rear of theCumberland Telephone exchangelate Fridaj' afternoon, caused apasser-by to send in an alarm of firefrom box 46. The fire depaitmentresponded promptly, but found theirservices were not needed. A neaipanic among the telephone operator, Avas soon quelled.oFire, Wind and lightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanFIRE DESTROYS HOMESTEADThe old Spears place; on theF.ientville pike, near Paris, was 'destroyed by fire of an undeterminedorigin Sunday afternoon. The housewas occupied by D. E. McCauley.It had changed ownership severaltimes inv the past few years, Mr. McCauley being the most recent occupant. It was not learned whetherhe carried insurance on the home ornot. A portion of the household effects were saved from destruction byhard work of neighbors.BUYS HANDSOME NEW CAR.McDonald & Gibson delivered yesterday a beautiful Studebaker SixTouring car, to Mr. Chas. Green,manager of the A. F. Wheeler Furniture store.CompetitivePower FarmingDemonstration1DH MARCHOn the old Bayless Farm, nowknown as the Cliff Dalzell Farm,between Paris and Millersburg,3 miles from Paris.Don't forget the date and place.Sampson anEasterNeckwearNew Patterns andColorings75c to $3.00SpringHats$2.50 to $9RE YOU READY? When you lay aside j'our wir er weight clothesand get ready for Easter, have you the things you w; it hanging in yourcloset? Be-ter look over your stock and find out just what you need.You are sure to need a new suit come in and see us. Young men willfind lively styles here. The new models in coats are longer, more slender, broadshouldered, high chested; with square notched lapels in single and double-breastedtypes. New colors and weaves.VALUESMore For Your Money Mere Than Elsewhere$20.00 to S65.00Hart Schaffner & Marx and Kirschbaum Clothes are here for you. We can'tsay anything that, means more certain satisfaction for you.R.8eeTherk!Copyright, 1919, A. B. Kirschbaua CompanyW' In imP. WALSH.s"Manhattanand EclipseShirts$2.00 to $10Men'sHosiery25c to $1.50FordsoniWanted7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Exeprienced engineer by' THE PARIS WATER CO!(23-tf) ; v- ..,. ' rv.s. -, -J&lsJfc.JL-V" t""V 4TUESDAY, MARCH 23, 1920.,THE BOURBON . NEWS, , PARIS, KENTUCKYF ACM FIVE1- -rAMMrMesytFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESALE OF BANK STOCKAuctioneer M. P. Kenney sold atprivate sale Saturday six shares ofthe capital stock of the Peoples-DepositBank & Trust Co., for ?251 ashare.r o- BOYS' EASTER TOGS.We can outfit boys here in authentic styles from stockings tohats, and you may be sure that thestyles and prices are right.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comiags and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.GABLENSEED ANDFEED.CHICKENnearMrs.near Wallingford,Onion sets, garden 'seeds of thehost brands, chicken feed that willmake the chicks thrive.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oWHAT'S TO BE DONE TOR CITYSCHOOL TEACHERS?(Contributed)County school teachers have beenadvanced to a maximum salary of$125, while the salaries of our cityteachers remain $70. If this state ofaffairs continues, can we hope tokeep our school to its present standard? oPUBLIC AUCTION SALESGeorge D. Speakes, autioneer. conducted an auction sale Saturday atthe McClintock & Caywood stockbarns, on South Main street, off-ows belonging to Pruner & Goins,of Tennessee. A carload of Tennessee Jersey and Guernsey cows soldat prices ranging from ?6o to$202.50 a head, an average of about?3 54 a head.oIT PAYS TO ADVERTISEWanting a tenant on his farm -nearParis, Hume Payne had a small"Wanted" advertisement inserted inTHE NEWS. That it produced immediate results was evidenced whenMr. Payne, almost breathless, cameinto THE NEWS office, the day ofpublication, and remarked: "Takethat advertisement out It's broughtat least a dozen applicants. Everybody in Bourbon county must readyour paper." Looks like it?Little incidents like Uiis happenso often it is hard to keep up withthem. It pays to advertise in THENEWS!oVISIT "RTT.TXR" DALE'S POPULARRESTAURANT.The best service, the best prepared food the best restaurant intown, in fact is making Dale'sRestaurant the mecca for the hungry. Short orders served on shortnotice. We cater to a discriminating trade, assuring our patrons ofsatisfaction in every respect? Wewant our country friends to patronize us. When you come to Dale'syou come to the home of all thingsgood to eat.(19-11) DALE'S RESTAURANT.oSASKET BALL GAMES.The second game in the basket' ball series between the Bourbon-County Y. M. C. A. team and theteam from the Woodford County Y.M. C. A. will be played on the floorof the local Y, M. C. A. gymnasium,on next fhun-day night. Play willwill be called promptly at 7:30o'clock.The line-up for the local team hasnot been made public by CoachSheffield, who says he will have thestrongest combination the local Y.M. C. A. has yet gotten together.With the ending of the High Schoolbasket ball season, local fans willlook forward with 'eager anticipation to the Y. M. C. A. games.. oJOHN DEERE PLOWS: OTHERFARM NECESSITIESWe sell John Deere and OlivcrSeelby Plows. Plow your land with a3-horse plow. Larger crops with less"(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oSEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's YelEovfc Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specialize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(16 mar-If) 'EATHBOlvE LODGE TO HOLD SOCIAL SESSION.Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knightsof Pythias, will hold a social sessionin their lodge room in the WilsonTmildinsr, Thcureday naxt. The en-tertainment committee found it impossible to extend a personal invitation to each member, and therefore,uses the press as a medium of communication. The committee is working on afut r;n Hp full of Slir--...:, tv.ov sav there willRev "R in r- ui. .. T- . .- --. vi4 us ujie lo oe outafter an illness of several weeks.ivxiss vjiara Bacon has returnedform a visit to Mrs. Everette Peterson, in .Maysviiie.-Mr. and Mrs. Claude Redmonentertained at cards at their homeon Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandwere guests last week of Mrs. RosPepper, in Cynthiar.a.Wm. W. Dudley is able to beout after an illness of five weeks,due to an attack of influenza.iiss Hattie Hinton, ofParis, is visiting her sisterwaiter Ogden,Ky.irS. .TflPic" Pacotr rt T r iT-mnbug, is a guest of her grandmother..i.a. -urrtue lviunvaine, on Jtiignstreet.Robert S. Parter, -news correspondent, spent the day yesterday inLouisville, on a combined sial anabusiness mission.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Slicer entertained at cards at their home onSouth Main RlrPPt in hnnnv nfnumber of friends.Mrs. Harry Collins, who hasbeen very ill at her home for severaldeys, is improving, and will soon beable to be out again.Mrs. J. W. Hayden has returned to her home in this city, after avisit to her mother, Mrs. PermeliaBrown, in Stanford.Miss Kate Alexander has returned from Eustis, Florida, whereshe spent several weeks as guest ofBourbon county friends.Mrs. Ben Steagall, who underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, severaldays ago, is improving.James E. Soper. representativeof the Power Grocery Co., of Paris,continues very ill at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Mrs. J. Frank Trisler anddaughter. Miss Marjorie Trisler,have returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Fred Legg, in Cincinnati.Louis "Wollstein is in Cleveland, Ohio, where he joined Mrs.Wollstein in a visit' to friends ondrelatives. They will return thisweek.Stanley Young has returned tobis home- in North Middletown after a visit to the family of his uncle.R. B. Young, near Demopolis, Alabama. Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, v of Paris,is a guest of her sister, Mrs."SamuelStone, and Mr. Stone, at their apartment in the Weissenger-Gaulbert, inLouisville.Mr. and Mrs. Hensel Margolenare expected home this week fromWest Baden Springs, West Baden,Indiana, where' they have been ontheir honeymoon trip.Thos. Guilfoyle, of Paris, brothro of Mrs. P. L. Burke, is in a critical condition at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he underwentan operation recently for appendicitis.Mrs. Alvin Allen and Mrs.Stewart Shropshire, have returnedfrom Nicholasville, where they wentto help their parents, Mr. and Mrs.David May, to get settled in theirnew home.Miss Sara Louise Bedford hasreturned to her studies at Georgetown College, after spending severaldays in Paris as guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Silas E. Bedford,on Cypress street.The employes of the Cumberland Telephone Co. gave a dance inVarden's Hall last night, the hourtbeing from 8:30 p. m. to 2:30 a. m.Music for the dancers was furnishedby Bishop's Saxophone Sextette.Robert Fuller, who has been apatient at the Massie Momorial Hospital for several weeks, sufferingfrom injuries received by being runover by a motor truck, is able to situp, and will soon return to hishome.Mr. and Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper,who have been visiting friends andlelatives in this city, left Saturdayfor Hugh ton, Saskatchawan, Canada.Mr. Pepper will be in charge of thefarming interests of E. F. Spears &Sons, at that point.Twc weeks more of Lent, an.Easter Sunday will be on hand.Plans are being made by societypeople for a gay Easter week, whena number of the boys and girlsaway at school will be at home forthe spring vacations.Miss Maude Stevenson, Superintendent of the Massie MemorialHospital, has returned from a visitto her sister, who has beenvery illof pneumonia at her home, in Virginia. Since her return to Pari?,MisStPvenson has been ill of influenza.scheme being carried out in thecandies and bonbons.Mr. and Mr. T. G. Morris arlived home yesterday from a twomonths' visit to New Orleans.Mrs. George W. Stuart has returned from a visit to her sister,Mrs. Albert Miller, in Crawfordsville, Ind.Mrs. R. M. Harris, of this city,was taken ill suddenly Sunday whilevisiting at the home of friends nearAusterlitz. She was brought in theDavis ambulance to her home yesterday, and Is resting comfortably.Miss Jennie Fisher, said to bothe youngest census enumerator inthe State, who has been very ill forseveral days, has about recoveredand has leturned to the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. James H.Fisher, near Paris.The following programs will beobserved at the weekly meetings oflhe Paris clubs: Paris LiteraryClub, Wednesday, March 24 "TheNeed of Passion," Miss Laura Lilieston; "Recollections of Oberammergau," Miss Elizabeth Grimes;Reading, "Christ Befoie Pilate,"(Farrar) Miss Simms. ProgressiveCulture Club, Thursday Operas ofThe Season, leader, Miss Clark.North Middletown Woman's Club,Friday "Comparison of The Literary Style of The Prophets," Mrs. J.C. Bryan, Jr.; "Isaiah, the Prince of.All the Prophets," Mrs. Henry 8.Caywood; "Sargeant's Prophets, "anart study, Mrs. Allie Dickson. Millersburg Twentieth Century Club,Saturday Roll Call; CurrentEvents; "History of Mason County,"Mrs. Best; Music, Miss Ball; "TheGovernors of Kentucky, " Mrs. Hunter; Hostess, Miss Ball. c(Other Personals on Page 3.)oCUT FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions furnished onshort notice.JO. YARDEN.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRAIEDAND ALAMO.To-dav, Tuesday, March 23 Peggy Hyland, in "Faith;" Ruth Roland, in "The Adventures of Ruth;"Prizma Colorpicture, "Japan."Wednesday, March 24. MaryPickford, in "Pollyanna," one of thereally great photoplays of the year.Thursday, March 25 Mary Pickford, in "Pollyanna." Don't miss it.A great picture, played by an artist.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.SPRING DISPLAYofWOMEN'S SMART .OUTER APPARELExhibiting the Newest Modes in - - 'v.Suits, Coats,- Dresses, Skirts, Blousesand a full line of, , MillineryJt JXrJf Dame Fashion will hold forth this week at this91store. In most complete assortments will beshown all of the Season's Best Styles.You and your friends are cordially invited tocome, see the new modes, try them on, andand learn how attractively they are pricedthen when you are ready to buy you will know -knowwhere to do so most economically.Then, too, with Easter only two weeks away,you will want to select that Easter Suit, Frock,Blouse or Skirt.Plan to be here this week while assortmentsare at their best.For SaleDrop Top Typewriter Desk; Oliver Typewriter No. 5; all good asnew.(23-3t) JO VARDEN.FIREINSURANCEHA Q Q VM ii Tt TM224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.Is not expensiveAnd there isNo form ofInsurance morele7 ,!!- Hninr that will be pleasing to every one and urge all tbemembers vto be present. Ttie absentees will be full of regret whenthey learn what a good time tneothers bad. Don't miss it! Be onhand promptly at 7:30 o clockThursday night. .These "social sessions" are a newr . tt of P.. authorizedand encouraged by the recent meet- jing of the urana juugc "lf"""1 r i, Mt.fnrntlier and broth-erly Jpye spirit taught in the ritual jMrs. John J. Conneil is withher daughter. Miss Louise Conneil,at the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLevington. Miss Conneil, who wasinjured recently in an , accident inLexington, is resting comfortably,and her many friends are wishingfor her a rapid recovery-Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Kingsley,and daughter, of Dayton, Ohio,composed a motoring party in Paris,Sunday. They spent the greaterpart of the day bere, viewing the;o-i,to ?.nd lpff Sundav nightfor Lexington, from where they will jvisit all the important towns m theBluegrass before returning home.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Mann, accompanied by their daughter, Mrs.Mrs. Howard B. Carr, and their"nnenn otias P f!arr. motored tolauucu.., v. -Frankfort yesterday. From tnerethey left for Louisville, to spendseveral days as guests of friends andrelatives.Mrs. James H. Thompson, ofParis was one of the guests at abeautifully appointed luncheongiven in Frankfort last week by Mrs.Edwin P. Morrow, in", honor of Mrs.S Thurston Ballard, "wife of Lieut.Governor Ballard. Covers' werelaiGfor twelve. The tables and' room, hoontifnilv and tastefully decorated in purple and pink, the colorImportant,EspeciallyAt this -timeWhen there isAn Epidemic.Of FiresAll over theCountry andDon't thinkvThat because several:$ A vFires haven'tv -1-Swooped downOn ParisYet that theyniTVm'f linf TioPrepared withFire InsuranceSo when theyDo come youCan sleep justAs well atNiehts asYou do now.Let us tellYou moreAbout Fire! IfInsurance.Heniember yourProperty has increasedOne-third in the last.v:m iIf We Can Get for Our REGULAR Pricethe Price Other Dealers Advertise as TheirSPECIAL Price We'd Be Tickled to Death!-Yer& is an ExampleOur Sale Price on 12x15 Axminster Rug is$110.00" 'Two years.Increase yourFire Insurance.YERKES & PEEDFanners and Traders BankAnother Dealer Advertises ThisRug Asa BIO Special at $144WE SAVE YOU $34.00 ON ONE RUG. We believewe save on other house furnishings in same proportion.-There Are Only a Few Daysof Our Sale Left Buy Nowr t.FfTHE J. T, HIN TON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 , PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor invalid Coach Undertaking2-.;Te9.vXaof the lodge. -Sf-y- -"-JS t.'.-. . " -, ... ,. m w r .l UW7' .-t- r " rfl. L.- W.-.-K -5?T?'-'.,it -THE, BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH , lilt. "IvI. XiISBSk1WH.WI f hi Willi f1 1'& aM &!Ms?se" fli: Wh2t wo.:!d harperw:to irn f I were yur kidrWc" i f v "re not a ii?inted hvlwi Clj-r?:: Eakines j'cu Pj3cIo:-'l icno v wiiEt a good ex- Jsc-e 1 'Ave. 2 Cai't Help FMJlc:r.j M.sdf they're so fggC cd! Go-d or r.;e too, be- igi-irie Cabinet Bakings ziiz 5j5J..' erne a.Ki easy aspcaG.Melons of mothers ucrawAUJ5RSET Imm powder mbjcausoC'te purity becauseit tuva": - ves !xr rVi:'s and iseconomical in cost and itr VCalumet contaitts only suchingredients as hava been approved officially by the U. S.Food Authorities.You move when yau buy it.You save when you use it.ISHIGHEST:QTXAIJTVr.JxxsmxiDScfcxi.r-v.r-.,&kvv?;. . .- awifFirst Iron Works.Plymouth was the first permanentwhite settlement in -New England anddates its founding from the landing ofthe Pilgrims, December 21, 1620. TheIron works on the banks of the Saugusriver, established in 1643, were thefirst iron works In America. A small. Iron pot cast there in the first forgein America Is now the property of thecity of Lynn and Is in a glass case Inthe Lynn public library.9brighter;EVENINGS&CM4?-j 'Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useA; J Oiectrici'iyfor CigbtiitgIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sets-. for mating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.V Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncorpAated)Aetna AvtoCombination Policies? ' Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtkerCasualties-ps&;' J. FEESTAY CLEAR OP POLITICS UEGESLEGION HEAP.Steering clear of the "breakersahead" through strict adherence toLegion principles that forbid political activities, was the caution voiced by Henry DeHaven Moorman, ofHardinsburg, in statement submitted shortly after his resignation asState Commander of the Legion."Politics and all other selfish interests are the first things to bewatched," Mr. Moorman, declared,"and our duty to our country, ourdisabled and their dependents andthose ot our dead should be the lastthing forgotten.""With our numbers and powers,however, our responsibilities increase, and there are breakers aheadunless we adhere steadfastly to ourhigh principles."Mr. Moorman, resigned because ofhis position as Commonwealth's Attorney for his district. He was succeeded in. office by Ulric J. Bell, ofLouisville, who had formerly beenvice-commander.ILLINOIS COURT UPHOLDS NEWSPAPER NEWS BIGHTSThe right of newspapers to publish any testimony given in courthearings, whether it subsequentlyproves to have been true or untrue,was established in a ruling in Chicago by Circuit Judge Oscar M.Torrison.His instructions to a jury in ajsuit for damages by Henry J. Earn--jest against the Chicago Tribunegave official sanction to the publishing of any testimony in open court."A newspaper has a legal right topublish what transpires in a judicialproceeding, even though such publication may injure a private citizen,because it is to the interest of thepublic that proceedings in court beopen and the public be informed ofthem," Judge Torrison ruled.' 'It is not necessary that the newspaper publish --e very word spoken;it may publish a summary if thesummary is a fair and impartial account of what transpires in courtand is published without malice."oHE EVER KEPT UPCould Hardly Drag Himself ToWork Feels Fine In TheMornings, Now"Tanlac has benefited me so inucbI no longer doubt anything good Iread or hear about it," said JohnFarrow, 1876 Erie street, Toledo,Ohio, an "employee, of the LibbyGlass Company. Continuing, Mr.Farrow said:"For several years I have occasionally suffered with sharp, shooting pains in the small of my backand in my right leg and foot andcramping pains in my stomach,which gradually grew worse untilfor the past six months I have hadthese pains nearly all the time. Myappetite had become so poor I couldhardly eat a thing, and the little Idid eit would nearly kill me. Mynerves were in an awful bad condition, and as I was in worse pain atnight than in the day time, if thatwas possible, I could get -but littlesleep at any time and many a nightwould lie awake all night long. Ihad become so badly run down Icould hardly get to my work in themornings, although I only lived twoblocks away, and after the day wasover I would just have to almostcrawl home, where I would forcedown a few mouthfuls of supper anddrag myself off to another night otmisery."I had tried so many differentmedicines without getting any'benefit I had about .lost faith in everything, and as I continued to growwoise I felt like I didn't care whether I lived or uot. Looking back nowI don't see how I managed to work atall, and, I just moped around theLous j till my people were verymuch worried over my condition."I had read many statements inhe local papers from people who hadbeen benefited by Tanlac, and, although, as I said before I had aboutlost faith in. all medicines, I decidedlo try it. and the improvement in mycondition almost as soon as I startedtaking, it was simply remarkable. Inever have a pain of any kind nowand my appetite is better than itever was. I can sleep as sound as alog and always get up in the morning feeling fine and ready for work.Tanlac has relieved me ot all mytroubles after everything else hadfailed, and I am only too glad to saya good word for it." 'Tanlac te sold in Paris at the Peoples' Pharmacy. (adv)oPeople who don't -change theiiopinions usually have none worthchanging.DOESNEWjINTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.G0x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.fKENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYNEW GERMAN DICTATOR LASTED ONLY FIVE DAYS.BERLIN, March 22. After holding the reins of power for less thanfive days, Dr. Wolfgang Kapp, theself-appointed Chancellor and dictator, has retired from office and control. He resigned Wednesday an officialcommunication explained that theChancellor considered his missionfulfilled when the old governmentdecided to meet the most essentialdemands addressed to it. He wasalso moved to this action by the extreme necessity of the Fatherland,which demanded union against thedangers of Bolshevism.The communique announcing theresignation of Chancellor Kapp endeavors to give a patriotic aspect tohis withdrawal. It says:"The Bauer government havingvoluntarily decided to fulfill themost essential political demands addressed to it, the rejection of whichon Saturday led to the establishmentof the Kapp government, ChancellorKapp considers his mission fulfilledand-retires, resigning the executivepower again into the hands of themilitary Commander-in-chief"In this he is moved by the conviction of the extreme necessity ofthe Fatherland, which demands solidunion of all against the annihilatingdangers of Bolshevism"The resignation of ChancellorKapp and his chief official announcement :General Provisional Director Kapphas retired, with the object of bringing abouti internal peace, Generalvon Luettwitz has retired for similarreasons.The Vice Chancellor in the nameof the Imperial President has accepted the resignations and has intrusted Major General von Seechtwith the provisional conduct of affairs as Commander-in-chief.The real circumstances of Kapp's.retirement are still shrouded in mystery. An important factor undoubtedly is to be found in the deliberations of the Under Secretaries andImperial Council Tuesday, whichMajor General Luettwitz attended.The views of this conference werethat both Kapp and von Luettwitzwithdraw in order to terminate anintolerable position.Von Luetwitz agreed to this, butwhen he returned to the Chancelloryhe allowed himself to be pursuadedto change his mind and retain office.To him has been delegated the executive power by the former revolutionary Chancellor ,and it is difficult to say what will happen now thatvon Luettwitz remains the militarydictator at Berlin.It is reported, however, that Gustav Noske, Minister of Defense in theold (Ebert) government, is cominghere and von Luettwitz, perhaps, will transfer his new-found authority to him.In conference with tha foreigncorrespondents Tuesday Kapp's presschief made play with the Bolshevistdanger.Tn n spfnnfl rriTrfprpripp nn nt:-tempt was made to conceal the 'factthat the Berlin government was likely to be of only short duration.Although the general strike dealtthis government a mortal blow, thedecisive fact is that Kapp and hissupporters had no political prestige,their government being built only onmachine guns.The statements made at these confreences gave a strange impressionand caused a suspicion that the cryof alarm about the Bolshevists waspreliminary to the announcement of, retreat. The chief of the pressbureau warned the correspondentsagainst showing themslves in thestreets, as a communist revolt wasI expected hourly.That any kind of compromise isout, of the question now is undoubted. President Ebert of the old government is strongly entrenched atStuttgart, where, acording to semiofficial advices, the council of theempire met Tuesday and unanimously approved the old government andstrongly condemned the militarycoup at Berlin.Frightened Berliners Tuesdaynight were asking, "The white or redterror! Which?" This was in consequence of an official announcementthat the reds were planning a risingand calling upon the pople to savethe country from Bolshevism.Government officials said to theAssociated Press:"We fear bloodshed; it is difficultfor us to hold the troops back."In preparation for the expectedrising officials camped in their offices all Tuesday night. When thecorrespondent left the Chancelleryat nightfall into th edarkening Wilhelmstrasse soldiers were bringing inhuge boxes of food and cases ofwine. Berliners generally scurriedto their homes, apprehensively seeking refuge and locking their doors.Notwithstanding Dr. Kapp's resignation Berlin seems destined tohave troublous times. An influentialmember of the government Tuesday,insisted, upon the urgency of suppressing the strike movement andCommunist opposition. He added:"Time is on the side of the 'Communists and every hour we let slipweakens our position. We may expect great events between now andWednesday."The great events, beginning withthe retirement of Kapp, are evidently moving to a climax. Ebert sentan airplane over Berlin droppingleaflets and predicting the early collapse of the Berlin government.The utter fieup of the city continued Wednesday and there is noevidence of the breaking down ofthe strike. So far as is known, nofresh supplies of food have been received and prices are jumping almosthourly. .The striking water Dlantemployees released a sufficientamount to flush the sewers to prevent the outbreak of disease, but littie is available for drinking purposes.oThe Turks are massacring Armenia.11 aga'in, which indicates a gradual return to the pursuits of peace.oUsually, the looser a woman ties1 r. man the tighter she holds him.Children's ClothesiThoce grimy sticky rompers of your snudlboy the little "jumpers" that seem to takeup all die dirt in the neighborhood, clean them,with Grandma's Powdered Soap. Withoutrubbing- Without boiling. yWhen they are unbelievably dirty whenit looks as if nothing will ever make them cleanagain, soak them with Grandma. The nextday without any more than squeezing them out,they are clean once more.No hard chemicals in Grandma's PowderedSoap it can't harm any fabric no solid soap tochip and slice. Grandma's is a powdered soap.No wasting use just what you need and nomore.At the price you pay for Grandma, it isthe most economical soap you can use.A big, generous sized package for 5cMGfuyjQgayKWOMEN AS PUBLIC SERVANTSKentucky, just as are otherStates, is increasing its demands forwomen as public servants. Within,the week three positions carryingappointments for high and vital service have been proffered to womenand their prompt acceptance is indicative of that preparedness andreadiness that await a call.The Governor's appointment ofMiss Lucy Simms to the State Boardof Control is unanimously popularwith Kentucky women to whom sheis well known. A leader in club lifein Paris, her home, a former officerof the Kentucky Federation otClubs, a woman of broad culture andwidet experience Miss Simms is being Widely felicitated on this privilege of contributing her services tothe State's welfare.From the Department of Justicenotification has come to Mrs. AlbertMorehead, of Lexington, of her appointment as State chairman to organize the women of the State intoa union lor the purpose of fightingtht3 high cost of living.Mrs. Morehead has accepted theassignment, and will at once beginlhe marshalling of her forces for thefray.Mrs. A. M Harrison, formerlyState Federation Club president, haDbeen appointed a member of theLexington Board of Education, andhas resigned a place on the librarycommission in order to accept theposition.-oWHY COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.You are often told to "beware ofa cold" but why? We wil tell you:Every cold weakens the lungs, lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor the more seiious diseases. People who contract pneumonia firsitake cold. The longer a cold hangson, the greater the danger, especiallyfrom the germ diseases, as a coldprepares the system for the receptionand development of the germs ofconsumption, diphtheria, scarletfever and whooping cough. Thequicker you get rid of your cold,the less the danger of contractingone of these diseases. Chajraberlain's Cough Remedy has a greatreputation as a cure for colds andcan be depended upon. It is pleasant to take.(adv)Vast Waste DesertThe great Sahara desert covers themajor part of northern Africa, consisting of 3,500,000 square miles an aridregion as large as the whole of Europe. From 100 feet -below sea levelit rises in one Instance to 8,000 feetabove, and some of Its elevations arecovered with snow for three monthsof lhe year. Mostof It. however, is adry, -sandy waste, dotted here andthere with an oasis where "drink"may be secured. The winds are airvery hot and dry, while rain is almostunknown. .x 'rand masPowdered SOAP ZTru This Powdered SoapTodatf."Xbirr Grocer Has ltthe .Got Soap Comparoj. QxtouHTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilityin construction, the. famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.9K.rZfsrzes-zsSFSs?S2GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137? NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'Furs,, Hides,We pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSucctMorsto Munlck&Widw tCumberland Phone 374 Biftkth St., op. Martin Brt.i Paris, KentuckyF'safj&,:isitBE&k-lzvyZZS&Junk, WooliIkmSSZaEJeMxa-jn.Kjtjr x 'l:KL,La"" A . -11i1 Jwj- v w j-V" . t - - r v 'n -VSM TVKV?&r "W 9t ' I? ST' c - ni-, .- . i. A.. - " v t . " 'C -rvj'v--TUESDAY, MARCH 23, 120.TOT?! HATTPnAK NEWS. PARIS. kRrVTIU!KY .'j J 'IB JUMIM! mmmmam tttfr . .MMM NVVW ,OUSiraiSprai IHFUJENZAKILL THE COLD ATONCE WITHHUrL'ScascaraENuininOM10tStandard cold remedy iot 29 yeartv tablet form safe. m. maopiates breaks up a cold in 24nours relieve grip in 3 dayt.money Dack if at fails. Thegenuine box has a Redtop with Mr. Hill'spicture.At AUDrwe S-rSincerity.Sincerity Is the most compendiouswisdom, and an excellent Instrumentfor the speedy dispatch of business ; Itinspires confidence in those we haveto deal with, saves the labor of manyInquiries, and brings things to an Issue in few words; it is like travelingin a plain beaten road, which commonly brings a man sooner to his journey's end than byways, in which menlose themselves. Tillotson.DEMOCRATIC STATE CONVENTION MAY 4THESPRINGSHOWINGLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.DtpMtmtnt Store7th and Main Paris, Kyaaoc IK9irinTiriTATniii m hlilnliiYiai if ''- llllfillK1LOUISVILLE, KY., May 23.Democrats of Kentucky will holdtheir State Convention in. Louisville,May 4, to elect delegates to the Democratic National Convention in SanFrancisco, according to actionThursday of the party's State Executive Committee.Headed by P. H. Callahan, chairman, oew Democratic Advisory Campaign Committee, composed of fortytwo leading Democrats, of the State,was appointed to lead the fight intie Presidential campaign.Among those attending the aession of the Executive Committeewas Homer S. Cummings, chairman of the Democratic NationalExecutive Committee, following hisaddress to the assembled Demo-1cratic editors of the State. Lexington made a strong bid for the convention, but the majority favoredLouisville.Mass conventions will be -held ineach county of the State at 2o'clock the afternoon of Saturday,May 1 to select delegates to theState Convention. One delegate willbe allowed for each 100 votes castfor the Democratic electors in the1916 election.In addition to naming Kentucky'srepresentatives to the National Convention, the State meeting willselect the new State Central andExecutive Committees and adopt bylaws and rules for the governmentof the party during- the coming fouryears.The new Advisory Committee,which will have the active management of the coming Democraticcampaign, is composed of. the following: First District James Utterback,Paducah; Ed Gardner, Mayfield;Henry Payne, Arlington.Second District Emmett Cooper,Hopkinsville; Sam Campbell, Dixon;LaVega Clements, Owensboro.Third District Max Nahm, Prowling Green; George Russell, Russellville; Morgan Hughes, BowlingGreen.Fourth District Harry Sommers,Elizabethtbwn; Henry McEIroy,Lebanon; W. A. Clements, Springfield. Fifth District Wallace Emery,Louisville; Attilla Cox, Louisville.Sixth District R. C. Simmons,Covington; Shelly Rouse, Covington; Claud Terrill, Bedford.Seventh District Louis des Cognets, Lexington; T. O. Middletown,Eminence; Joe Lindsay, Winchester;R. T. Crowe, Lagrange.Eighth District Kendrick Alcorn, Stanford; Harry Hanger,Richmond; John E. Brown, Shelbyville. Ninth. District M. F. Conley,Louisa; M. J. Hennessey, Augusta;? I Robert Gillispie, Carlisle.T3iirATril1o flATt "R ArrTiPiv PrAnton-V t " " f ",rw ; , " ' . 7burg; W. V. wiCKer, .rresionDurg;Claude Stephens, Prestonburg.I jfiieventn uistnct w. j. oparita,J Mount Vernon; J. 'Ed. Sampson,.Harlan; Joe Gibson, Somerset.LEGION WORKSFORJMERICAComradeship Principles GuidePeace Activities of WarVeteransiU,- -,,, -I f fORGANIZED ONE YEAR A60OBJECTS OF THEAMERICAN LEGION"For God and country we associate ourselves together for the following purposes : To uphold and defend the Constitution of the UnitedStates of America ; to maintain lawand order ; to foster and perpetuatea 100 per cent Americanism ; to preserve the memories and incidentsof our association in the GreatWar; to inculcate d sense of individual obligation to the community,state and nation ; to combat the autocracy of both the classes andthe masses ; to make right the master of might ; to promote peace andgood will on earth; to safeguardand transmit to posterity the principles of justice, freedom and democracy; to consecrate and sanctifyour comradeship by our devotion tomutual helpfulness." Preamble tothe Constitution of the Legion.K . State of Ohio, City of Toledo,FOR THIS WEEK Hill Lucas County, ss.M Frank J. Cheney makes oath thatK he is senior partner of the firm of F.oir ci.i ort llll J. Chenev & Co.. doing: business inK fSr g.1"1011- fu llll the City of Toledo, County and StateBdOc balmon OC ym af0resaid, and that said firm will.. 40c Salmon 35c Ulj pay the' sum of ONE HUNDREDm 25c Tomatoes 20c I'm DOLLARS for each -and every caseGood Brooms .--..-.Wc Sffig JEgSiSK Hemz Pork and Beans llll medicine.m large size 15c :-:i frank j. cheney5 t-u . 4U ta t llll1 Sworn to before me and subscrib-xajuvl iuj. cue a" ir "r .. ed in my presence, this 6th day ofGrocery, opposite the Court . December, a. d., 1886.TJVliioa llll A W nT .17! A SrVMI ThrPP Helivpries" each dav "I (Seal Notary Public.inree aenveries eacn aay. . j Hairs catarrh Medicine is takenBoth phones. 1' internally and acts through theJ! Blood on the Mucous Surfaces of theI l System. Send for testimonials, free.2 Mrs. Ellis' Cash Si ' CHSYo&oo.' hh Sold by -all .druggists, 75c.K CllOfPI'V H: Hall's Family Pills for constipa-I9 j?,tion. (adv)OppatKa Caurt House mm oX Pri Kv The vision of Little Mary weep-rmwnf wjm ;, . . a divorce urt is in truth a"jPEy iMEM;K:: moving picture.Just a year ago the American Legion was born. It crept out of cootieladen billets in France without nameor purpose, other than a determinationto have an organization that wouldstand for America and the unselfishprinciples of American Democracy.No oue knows where the thoughtoriginated. It vas spontaneous. Thedemand that came from officers andmen resulted in a joint assemblage atParis from March 15 to March 17, 1919.Rank was thrown aside; privates argued with colonels; comradeship entered in, and the manhood of Americadisplayed in this first caucus that thearmy of the United States had a militant soul and conscience as well aa adisciplined and conquering body.aHOIftPssfsSaiS KEnS1iHFOR twenty years Buick engineers anddesigners have been moving forward,building a Buick prestige in motor cardesign and construction that has answeredthe world's challengeIt has been an achievement worth the effort, andestablished a Buick reputation of high standardand value.The public has learned to depend upon the BuickValve-in-Head Motor Car? and the great demandsupon Buick dealers for Buick models is the highestcompliment that can be paid to Buick achievement.4SiSt&31WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT BUICK WILL BUILD THEMThe C. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.WOMEN'S LEAGUE PLANNED FORKENTUCKY UNIVERSITYLet Us Be YourBusinessPartner1 iittYour partner has a knowledge of yourbusiness and you look to him for advice andcounsel on important matters. You are entitled to all the help he can give you.Do you get a partner's help on your printedmatter? Do you get the most from the specialized knowledge which we have regardingprinting and paper, and above all the servicewhich a combination of the two can renderfOur job department has every modern equip-ment ior aomg win, uu . j i iT.letterheads, billheads, and all kinds of forma,we carry in tock, recommend and useThe Vtility "Business TaperLet Us Serve YOU as a PartnerBOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTAMERICAN?The Paris "baby" put on its firsttrousers at the St. Louis caucus in2ay of last year, where LegionairesIr -a every state and possession of theUnited States put their "red-bloodedspirit of sacrifice into principles thathave been declared to be a practicalapplication of the Sermon on theMount At the Minneapolis conventionin November these purpose's were officially adopted and the Legion has established branch departments to carefor each declaration it then madelWhat the Legion has accomplishedin Kentucky is typical of what it hasdone in every State in the Union. Kentucky has 105 Legion posts, with amembership of more than 8,000, andby the time of the next state convention in August it is expected that everycounty in the state will have at leastone local post and that the membership will amount to 20,000 former service men.The American Legion of Kentuckyplans first to take care of the disabledas a result of the war, and the widowsand orphans of those who died in theservice. For this purpose Bureaus ofRehabilitation, war risk insurance andre-employment are being operated.Perhaps the biggest work the Kentucky Legionaires have undertakenand will prosecute for the general public welfare is the stimulation of a 100per cent Americanism. This workfouni its model in the December campaign in Louisville, instituted jointlyby the Citizens' Auxiliary Committee,headed by Marvin H. Lewis, acid thecommittee of the American Legion.The Legion is working for the Americanization of the foreign-born element, which annually comes to Kentucky, to the end that it may be assimilated in a practical way into theideals of America. TheXegion is seeking the general use of the English language and the proper control of immigration. In the name of the Kentucky Legionbills curbing sedition are now beforethe legislature. They echo the determination reached In all national Legion gatherings to mete out punishment to those persons making radicalutterances regarding the overthrowvjfthe present form of Government. TheLegion believes that free speech doesnot mean license and that the issuemust be met squarely and promptly;its members do not propose U, standby and look on while agitators of unrest and violence 'pursue their uim&..So long as the Legion continues toabide by its objects and fight militantly for its principles, every true American may well be proud of it and backit ud to the limit ,At a recent meeting of the womenstudents of the University of Kentucky plans were set forth for theorganization of a Woman's Leaguefor the purpose of bringing togetherall women students of the University, both those living in the dormitories and those living in town formutual benefit and .to stand behindany movement inaugurated at theUniversity, which shall promotewomen's welfare. The League willbe permanently organized in March.Among its activities will be thebringing of women specialists to theUniversity from time to time for thepurpose of giving vocational talks toaid them in the choosing their vocations. The League will also- havesupervision of the girl's rest roomwith the purpose of developing itinto b. center of social life amongthe women on the campus.oA MAN AND HIS WIFEWhat causes IAn excess of acid in the stomachsours the food and starts fermentation. Distressing gases form. Mealsdon't digest but lay like lumps oflead. Then you have heartburn, flatulence, fullness, belching, headacheand real misery in the stomach andintestines.A few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" bring relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach. "Pape'sDiapepsin" costs little at drugstores. (adv)A.r'.A lav wWill; may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Tkecost is nominal, while the pleaure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, iaconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a graatving, must surely satisfy yoa.J A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169UIIHHHIMliaWhy Hens Cackle.Hens cackle when they lay for the6ame reason that the doing of anything which human beings are meantto do gives them pleasure. It is aninstinctive action. For the .same reason a dog wags his tail when it ispleased. Even humans, when pleasedwith themselves, want to sing, or whitie or dance, or express their emetionIn some way. -HAS HAD STOMACH TROUBLEFOE SEVEN YEARS.Theodore Sanford, of Fenmore,Mich., has had stomach trouble forseven years and could not eat vegetables or fruit without pain in ,thestomach and restless nights. Bytaking Chamberlain's Tablets he isnow able to eat vegetables or fruitwithout causing pain or sleeplessness. If troubled with indigestionor constipation'.give these tablets atrial. They are certain to provebeneficial. . xIitliiiiiU,i:iiiiniinatlISpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for,LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Hamt Phont 399COmiatlliHlPARIS, KENTUCKY(till July 1) 'Enxscn?'" '"oms3inJfrJ1tlA,1Asilaavj: t--.Ki- "'Vt.i- t" 'J .C , ..r .,, fc1 -rL,- J !-,rXrJa:1- THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFAG1 EIGHTTUESDAY,MAKCH Zt lS2t.-'A-'4HILLERSBURGMiss Alberta Maffott is visitingfriends in New York.Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Davistook membership in the Presbyterianohurch Sunday morning.-J-Mr. J. W. Markland and family,ot Winchester, vere guests Sundayof Mr. O. li. Potts and family.Mr. R. D. Best, of Covington,-was the guest of his cousin, Mr. A.S. Best, and family last week.Mrs. Bessie Caldwell has resumed from Florida, where shespent the greater part of the winter.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffott willleave, Wednesday for a two-weekssojourn at .West Baden Springs,Indiana.Mr. W. W. Gault, arrived Saturday as the guest of his sisters,Mesdames Anna Barnes and BessieCaldwell.Mrs. W. M. Miller has purchased property in Lexington, and, withler family, will move to it in theixear future.Revs. Will J. Slater and W. W.Morton returned Friday from Louisville, where they attended the StateMinisterial Conference.The following are among thenumber who attended the missionaryconference of the M. E. Church,South, of t-ae Kentucky uonterence.at Cynthiana, last week:stitute, two cases, it was understood, developing yesterday. "Thestudents have expressed a willingness to remain at their studies, andno complications are -feared. Unles&conditions grow worse the schoolwill not close. The students are being congratulated on their willingness to aid Col. and Mrs. Best by remaining in the school..oDEATHS.ROSE.. Thomas B. Rose, brother ofMiss Allie Rose, of Paris, died inCynthiana,, recently, after a briefillness. He was a brother of thelate Robert Rose, Sr., and an uncleof Robert Rose, Jr., and Miss JessieRose, of Paris. Miss Rose andbrother attended trie funeral andburial.THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND 1 Admission:Adults 27c plus 3cwar tax. ... . 3c.Children and Gallery 18c plus ic wax tax 2cTODAY, TUESDAYPEGGY HYLANDin "Faith"A sweet and thrilling tale of Mischief,Mystery and a Maid, of Love and a Lass,in a romantic Scotch setting.RLTfl ROLANDin "The Adventure of Ruth"and Prizma Color Picture"Japan" .TOMORROW AND THURSDAY, 24th and 25thIVIARY PICKFORDin "Pollyana"One of the great stories for which the amusement loving world has long waited."Pollyana" is the High Priestess of Optimism. She is not merely the discover, butthe 33d degree exploiter of the silver lining. The fairies who made sunshine forthe cucumbers were insignificant beings to "Pollyana! She is full of action, sparkleand pathos, and' will help you to turn your sorrows, big or small, into action.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningCARTER.The funeral of Prof. FrankCarter, thirty-three, Superintendentof the Carlisle Graded and HighSchools, who died Friday of pneumonia resulting from influenza, washeld Sunday afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in theCarlisle Cemetery.Prof. Carter was a graduate of theEastern. Kentucky Normal Institute,4MATRIMONIAL. RELIGIOUS.rirtiTvirTirt QTiri wns wPii-KnownMesdames AJi11Potinnal circles in Paris and?A. 3. nest, m. Hi. i-ruin, u. v. jones, f Bourbon county. He was promi:Misses Jfa Ball, Hattie Wood and ,nent in Masonic circles, being aChristine Patterson. Miss Alfa Ball, j lpember 0f the Carlisle MasonicTrtio was ? delegate from the Mil-jbodies He ,e suniVed by his par3ersburg church, spent the entire ents Mr and Mrs Geo Carter, onetime there. I daughter, one brother and one sis-See the nice line of ladies' ter.dress goods, waistLngs and suitings, j calso draperies and lace, handled by s qjj PXOWERS FOR ALL OCCA-Mr. and Mrs. R. M, Caldwell. Wwill be placed to show you oursamples at any time. If we have not.Jled on you. call at our home orcall us over 'Home phone 82, and we hort notice,-will come to you. Our assortment is Jlarge and admits of every Variety. ; vgw&fcpi -Thequality ;s of the best. Price j VVTight.THE SICK Dr. C. B. Smith con- jtinues about the same at Massie Me-morial Ho&pitai, iJaris. Mr. &. m. jlngels improves slowly. Mrs. P. u.Dimmett, who has been among thesick, is out again. Mrs. C. M. Bescas returned from Cincinnati, muchimproved. Rev. and Mrswho are confined to their home withSIONS.Choice cut flowers and floral designs for all occasions turnished onJO. VARDEN.The following marriage licenseswere issued Friday from the office ofthe Fayette County Clerk: HarryHambrick, 22, farmer, of Scottcounty, and May Tyree, 21, of Bourbon county; Lewis Smith, 40, farmer, of Scott county, and Sallie Crockett, 23, of Bourbon county.MARYPICKFOKD'SPLAY.GREATESTBIRTHS.Near Paris, to the wife of Win.Overby, a son, weight eight pounds."NTofiT- "K"iprtrm in thf wife ofAdams, Goebel Riser, a son, first born. Mrs.Kiser was formerly Miss Butler, otHi, are improving. Little Miss Mar-j.0 -p,-:raret Redmon remains about the j At North Middletown, to therune. Master Harold Morton is out j wije of Hedges Rash, a daughter,sifter a few days' illness. ' j christened Nellie Rummans Rash.Scarlet fever has again appear-; Mrs. Rash was formerly Miss Nellietd in the Millersburg Military In- Rummans, of Paris.TYREE HAMBRICK.Miss May Tyree, of Paris, andHarry Hambrick, of near Georgetown, secured a 'marriage licenseFriday in Lexington, and motored tof Midway, where, they were united inmarriage by a local minister.The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Claude Tyree, of Paris,and a student at the- Paris HighSchool. The groom is a youngfarmer residing near Georgetown.After a short bridal trip Mr. andMrs. Hambrick returned to thehome of the groom, where they willreside in the future.M. C PRLITTFuneral Director and EmbalmerMOTOR SERVICEMillersburg, - KentuckyPhones Cumberland 86, Home 110; Day and Night.ITiJUK.iirjoLapywariMMMMMKtMVHs I,. KON- & riThe -Newest in Songand DancePHONOGRAPHRECORDSMe and My Wife )Never Let No One Gal Worry Your Mind . zHand in Hand Again T,aOut of a Clear Sky ) 22279I'm Jurt Simply Full of Jazz . . . .1 ' .Ain't Cha Coming Back Mary Ann to Maryland )How Sorry You'll Be (Waif 11 You Sec) . . )Oh! )When You' re Alone IDreamland Brings Mem.' lies of You . , . )I'll Always Be Waiting for You . . . i ,,We Must Have a Song To Remember )Dardanclla . , I nWonderful Pal . ' STurco ." " t -"285On tkc Streets of Quro . - "" .Bo-La-Bo . . I 2T"86Bow-Wow " SI Might Be Ycur Oncc-In-A-WbJIc '. . '. ,3gYou'd Be Surprised )Conic Along to Honeymoon Town ., : .Goodnigiit Dearie . . . : - atiMighty Lak 'a Rose . . . - . 22',27Somewhere a Voice is Calling . )bk.".kt33;'Tv Spn vfeS JteUmL (Rmwm9SSs9SSE'&fjSiwasyw3.'ais.:wif. EaK'.yvr.ji.vtr. Lnii.Fa "i&imz'memm'jrflriamawriiK ;eume' ivriilWWWZi1 mi J JJTEVJ 1 UT . l'Z9' IB 1 Tl 1MU MRkfi.4LlnV'Jfl . "iTC5IlM&mMr0Vl.Q99VX kVAK?Xa fcftTC&TO 'iSatc-iTjs vi yv. ??. ir.&3smf&sijr EZi&KSs-f riuu-j'T wwu.-'U&"f- stu jf mwmimi'V'8188HONAKBR GRAY.Leon Gray, twenty-two, andMiss Delia Mae Honaker, sixteen,both of Nicholas county, secured amarriage license here Saturday afternoon, and were afterward married in the private ofncev of CountyJudge George Batterton, in thecourt house, by Rev. T. S. Smylie,pastor 'of the Paris Presbyterianfihurch. " The bride's father, H. H.Honaker, of Carlisle, accompaniedthe couple, and gave his consent tothe marriage.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church willbold a prayer meeting service in thochurch parlors Thursday afternoon.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will have ans 11-day meeting at the church to-j day. AIL memoers are requested toi be present.An all-day meeting will be heldto-day by the members of the Pastor's Aid Society of the Paris Presbyterian church, in the church parlors. A full attendance is urgentlyrequested, on account of very important business to be transacted.Sunday, March 28, has beendesignated by the Southern Prejbytman church for observance iwjplthe Sunday Schools of the declination as "Home Mission "Emphasis will be lam tnis yuwjsunthe subject of "Our Colored Work."The offerings of the day will go tothe establishment of a SouthernPresbyterian industrial schools forcolored girls.Mary Pickford's greatest play,"Polyyanna," is to be shown at theAlamo and Grand Theatre, to-morrowand Thursday. Critics everywhere assert that "Pollyanna" iscne of the greatest picture-plays everfilmed. The reason for this is thatthe philosophy upon which, the storyis based constituted a theme whichat. the present time has an unusuallywide appeal.Undoubtedly Mary Pickford, withcharacteristic far-sightedness, hadthis in mind when she chose thiswherever possible, which will act asa propaganda of good." It is theirambition to have each screen medium serve a definite purpose, andwiththis in mind Mary Pickforddecided to picturize Eleanor H. Porter's famous book. So "Pollyanna"is a picture with a mission.oTAKES NEW POSITION.Joseph Cain, son of Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Cain, of Paris, has acceptedposition with the "clerical force inthe office of the Louisville & Nashville, at Hazard, and has assumedthe duties of his position. He is ancelebrated work as her first vehicle . industrious and intelligent youngfor the United Artists' Corporation, man, and will make; a valuable asThe" most progressive of the pict- sistant in the L. & N. office at thature stars believe in choosing plays, ' place.WOLFE3 RIGGS.Miss Minnie Wolfe, of Cynthiana, and Adolph Riggs, of Covington, were married recently at thehome of the bride's mother, Mrs.Edward Herri ngton, in Cynthiana.After the ceremony they left for atour of the Great Lakes. On theirreturn they will be at home t9 theirfriends at 1518 Woodland avenue, inCovington.The bride is an attractive and1charming young woman, who hasfor some time been a member of thenursing staff of the Harrison countyHospital. She has been a frequentvisitors in Paris, as guest at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson,and is well remembered here for hermany gracious qualities of character Mr. Riggs is in the employ ofthe C. & 0. railway at Covington.Churches of all denominationsin America are asked to observeSunday, April 11, as a special day ofprayer for Russia, the request beingpent out by the Russian Bible andEvangelization Society, a non-sectarianorganization, the purpose ofwhich is to evangelize Russia andthe Slavic nations of Eastern Europe. The headquarters of the organization are in New York.The revival meeting at the Methodist church began Sunday morningwith a large attendance. The pastor, Rev. C. H. Greer, preached atboth services. In the morning hissubject was "The Family Altar,'end in the evening, "The Call ofSamuel." The meetings will continue through the week, with services .held each night at 7:30o'clock. The public is cordially invited to attend these services.LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feet'from holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyrFLORENCE HEDMON.Miss Laura Katherine Florence,daughter of Mr. and f Mrs. WalterFlorence, of near Paris, and Mr.Rutherford Palmer Redmon, son of,George K. Redmon, also of thocounty, were married in Winchesterrecently in the parlors of theBrown-Proctoria Hotel, the ceremonv being performed by Rev. G.W. Banks, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch, of that city. , After a shortbridal tour the young couple returned to the home of the groom, nearthis city, where thejr will" reside inthe future.The bride is a beautiful youngwoman, a' graduate of the EasternKentucky State Normal School, atRichmond in the class of 1918, andis well-known here, where she has alarge circle of friends. Mr. Redmanis an industrious young farmer,very popular with all who knowhim.-O-;A MODEEN BARBER SHOP.Having just completed giving ourbarber shop a thorough .overhauling'we believe that we now have one ofihe most modernly equipped shopfcin Central Kentucky.With four new chairs and fivt;wash basins, towel sterilizer, razorsterilizer, electric clippers and niasp machine, nlace newly papered.inVl sainted, new linoleum on floorand bath rooms newly ntieu, w iu-1 better equipped to give good servicethan most any barbershop you canfind. , ,We have four expert barbers andpolite porters to wait on you noIon" waits. We invite a share ofthe public patronageYou Can Save a Good DealWhen You Buy Now, at Cut PricesDuring This GreatilllIIf you are looking for shoe valuesextraordinary this sale offers youthe chance to realize a saving of 30to 40 per ceht. on every purchase.iiNow is the Time ToBuy and SaveIRADt fURXFKUSrAfOrrmMmrru'XXl & 5(itRUS CORBIN.SUIT FILED.V-.,Brooks & Snapp, DruggistsIn the Fayette Circuit. Court, atLexington, Saturday, Max Munichand Ben Wides, formerly of Paris,rloins business as the Munich &Wides Company, filed suit againstpever & Son: Judgment is askedfor$643.80, alleged to.be due forscrap iron sold- tho defendants, andfor $66.85, alleged to be due forurease purchased. The plaintiffsare represented by Attorney A. A.Bablitz, of Lexington.o- -NEW AUTO OWNER.Wm. Phillips & Co., of Lexington,reported the sale recently of aT?rnnklin tourins: car to J. T. Ritch-; nf shn.whan. tnis county.J"-! - ' ' If. rin KAvor recoemize ' mis- II'OOI11B ywyi iv w -fortunes that' why they succeed.Ladies7 Brown Kid Boots, in English lasts, militaryheels or the high Louis heels, values to flJU AZ9.00, now $PWKLadies' and Growing Girls' $6.00 EnglishLace Boots, now -.99Ladies' $7.50 and 8.00 BrownKid Boots, Black Kid EnglishLace Boots, tan and black kidwith gray kid tops, now$5.95Ladies' $7,50 Brown Kid Lace Boots, leathertops, French or Military English heels, whilethey last, SPECIAL .- ,,$4.95Lot of Ladies Shoes devalues up to $3.50.."A lot of Children's Kid Shoes, sizes 3 to 6,worth $1.50, at. . - ,$1.00Special Men's Tan Gun Metal and Vici KidShoes, all new lasts, $8.00 grades r qqSale pr.ee $0UUMen's Good Work Shoes, worth $4.50On sale at$2.99Boys' Shoes of quality that will give lastingwear. Buy a pair and save S2.00. fro J AOn sale at.. $0.49Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots, all sizes, on sale at$2.99DAN COHE1Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere BeautyfandEconomy Rcf Jn0'i "-t-." Zw, , -,A' V