.-- .. ma-,yn - V.v t - v'3 '.. " 7. -.J(u.vc?p2rKfc- ;$''i, 'v v; - j--f -" I,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY m THE YEAR.sjp rgprJ. ' vv ' -sjmpv: - -:w. - '.BOURiOlt ( NEWSt'-ir 45 -wr- v "aK ' 5TVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1920" - "OIS f LAW WM HITW0 PMWBE monPAKIS GAS SUPPLYOfficials of the Central KentuckyGa Company, stated yesterday that:he supply of natural gas for this.eciion will be cut short and thateav financial losses will follow ifthe Fedeial Court holds, West Virginia r-iay enforce the Steptoe gaslav..The case is being heard in Pittsuirg this week in a suit broughti, Pennsylvania and Ohio to retrain the Slate of West Virginiairom enforcing the law, S. M. S.Wyer. gas expert, testified Tuesdaym ihe trial that Kentucky, Pennsylvania. Indiana, Maryland andOhio would suffer a financial loss ofS312.n00,C00 if the law is enforced.Tht Steptoe law provides that allmie consumption of gas must beapplied befoie any natural gas cantaken out of the State for forign use. It was enacted anore than- year ago, but has not been m operation, owing to a temporary restraining Older issued by therourts, pending a final decision.Paris gets its supply of gas forilluminating and heating from thisouce, and if Lexington and othersMAKE ESCAPE.TOI, But- for the vigilance of JailerTtos. Taul, Wednesday, Jeff Johnson, colored, self-confessed leader ofan organized gang of theives, wouldhave made his escape from the Parispail.A Versailles merchant who cameto Paris, Wednesday morning to interview Johnson told PatrolmanRobeit Lusk that if the Paris authorities succeeded in keeping Johnson safely in jail a week they wouldhe lucky, and advised him to warnjaner raui. He further told theofficer how Johnson had made his escape from ,the Versailles jail, andthat he had stated that no jail couldhold him very long. PatrolmanLusk at once communicated theVersailles man's warnirg to JailerTa-il. Mr. Taul paid a quiet visitto Johnson's cell, and was greetedpleasantly by the prisoner, who satunconcernedly on the edge of hiobed. Mr. Taul made an (xeamination of the cell, and was about toconclude everything was U1 right,when he picked up Jo-hnson's coat,which had been lying on the floor offlip OG-ll rlrCQ frw n wrinl.-k-nr' rp Vkitowns are affected by an, adverse i astonishment he found that John-HEAL ESTATE TKANSACTIONSJ. H. -Crutchfield sold Saturdaythrough the real estate agency ofMitchell, Moreland & Miicheli, toMrs, Coia Delaney, a house and lorlocated on Parrish avenue, for $3,-050."""i'tiATHS.Hairis, Speakes & Karris of Pari5.sold Wednesday on the premises inNicholas county, for Burns & Talbott, their fapn of 181.21 acres, toJames Martin, of Carlisle, foi?157.60 an acre.Mrs. ,Anna Skillman sold Wednesday privatelj through the realestate '.agency of Mitchell. Moreland& Mitchell, a house and lot locatedin East Paris, to J. T. Minogue fora price not reported for publication.The same firm later fold for MissJulia Edwards her house and lotlocated on Mam street, to Mrs. Skillmaii, at a' private price.o- CHAMBERSMrs. R. 0. Chambers, for many3 ears a resident of Sardis, Masoncounty, died Sunday in the Bethesdahospital, in Cincinnati TirlioTi d,.'had been a patient sufferer several,months. Mrs. Channbprt; hari w1UU6 a suiterer from a malignantcancerous growth, which defied allefforts of medical skill to eradicate.Mrs. Chambers was a kind oimr.jtable and lovable woman, whn hrijUi larg circle of friends and acquaintances in this, city and county.Besides her husband, Mr. R. o.Chambers, she is survived by onwson, Rollie Chambers, of Sardis, andone daughter, Mrs. R. M. Johnsbn,of Paris.The body was brojsrht to Mavs-ville, Tuesday, and taken to Shannon, in Mason county, where thefuneral and burial was held Tuesday afternoon. ... :decision, of course, Paris 'Will suffer.to a limited extent.' THE KENTUCKIAN "MAY BE PILMED HEREIt was- reported yesterday that E.B. Hay. manager of the Laskey Famous Players, who are in Frankfort,filming scenes for the screen production of John Fox, Jr.'s novel."The Kentuckians," will come toParis in a few days to take views ofthe birth place of the author, andParis scenes, to be used in .the introduction of .the play. The oldschool house where . Mr. Fox attended school, at Stony Point, willbe filmed, also.Mr. Fox was born near StonvPoint, between Paris and Winchester, and spent liis early life in Parisand Bourbon county. He is 'buriedon the family lot in the Paris Cemetery. 'son had managed to loosen one ofthe big stones so that it could eas-,ily have been removed at his pleasure and his liberty gained. TheSCENES -J Prisoner was thoroughly searched,dui noming couiu oe louna on insperson, or in the cell, b which hocould Imve done the work. He refused to 'give any information whatever as to how he had managed thejob.Jailer Taul had Johnson removedto a solitary eel' in the wqman'sdepartment, and attached a heavyiron ball and chain to his ankle' andhad him handcuff d, adding for -theprisoner's benefit: "Now, I guessyou will wear that jewelry tis longas you are my guest."oATOP MISSING.Strange a man can leave hisiaJito standing near his home undisturbed for six months, and thenwake up som' morning and find icgone." This solliloquy came from tlelips of Win. McCann, formerly of thecommission firm of Perry, McCann &Mitchell, as he gazed ruefully at thespot where his' machine had beenthe night TJef orer-Mr. TcCa'nn"re-1sides on Mt. Airy avenue. His meTOBACCO MEN MAY FAVOR "CUTOUT."DIMM1TT.Mrs. America Dimmitt. asredsixty-six, wife of Mr. P. L. Dimmitt.A meeting of the farmers and to-KtTLS!T in !"urS atacco grow?rs of S coun igf0S J " ??. arill be held at the court house in V! "f88 due P a complicationMrs. Dimmitt was a daughterof,the late Zachariah and Jane Dykes.uoty, who vere natives of SouthMARIGOLD ARCHITECT IN CITYCONSULTINGEdward Webber, of the firm of C.C. & E. A. Webber, of Cincinnati,architects, was in Paris yesterday,consulting with Messrs. George W.Stuart, John M. Stuart and JesseM. Alverson. in, -regard to plans forthe proposed new Marigold Theatre,Plans as present contemplated provide for the erection of a modernup-to-date movie house at the corner of Main and Eighth street, purchased some time ago from t heJohn A. Schwartz estate. The lothas been cleared, and as soon ashuildinsr material corditions warrant, the work of construction willbegin. Const ruplionawork- was tohave begun4 last summer on the newtheatre, but the high price and difH-baccowimis city to-morrow aftprnnnn for ithe purpose of discussing the tobaccosituation, and for selecting delegatesto attend the imeeting of the BurleyTobacco Association, to be held inLexington on September 30.'it is said that at this meeting thegrowers will advocate an entire"cut-cut" of the crop, or at least-fifty per cent. Tobacco growershave felt the pressure of being compelled to build extra barn room.buy 'sticks, pay large wages forlabor, and then suffer a Joss oftwenty-five tc . thirty per cent, oftheir crcps from the effects of-wildfireand rust. It is contended thatlandowners can produce cattle, hogs,hay and corn and make good moneywhile their tobacco land is idle andimproving from a period of rest andfertilization, and thereby be independent of the alleged TobaccoTrust.NEWFIRE-FIGHTERSPLENDID WORKDOESvyaxuiina, coming to lYiinersDurg intheir early married days. She .wasa sister of the late Mrs. George G.White, and a cousin of John H.Doty, of Paris. Besides her husband, she is survived by one dauglwter, Mrs. John D. Calhoun, of Millersburg, one sister, Mrs. BettieTate, of Shawhan, and two brothers, Noah Doty, of Millersburg, andJames Doty, of St.' Louis, Mo.The luneral took place from heilate residence in Millersburg at fouro'clock yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted by. Dr. C. CFisher. The burial followed on thefamily iot in the Millersburg Cemeteiy. oTRIPLE TRINITY IN SOLDIER'SLIFE AND DEATHIn the life and death of SidneyRankin, of Newnort. a nmrhar. p: Virgil Rankin, clerk in the OwsleyUestraurant in Paris, ther h hJ.revealed a remarkable series of ciicumstances in which the numeral 9played a leading role. All through..; .yuujj5 Boiaiers life the tripletrinity held a prominent place. Virgil Rankin returned Tuesday fromNewport, where he attended thefuneral.Young Rankin, enlisted in theAUCTION SALE OF THOROUGH- 'BREDS AT LEXINGTON,At the Kentucky Sales Company'auction of thoroughbred yearlings,brood mares, weanlings and horstsin training at TattersalPs in Lexington, Tuesday, 61 head brouykt$36,020, an average of a fractionless than $600. The top .of the salwas the yearling sister to MimMuffins, sold to divide a partnership between Stephen Blak and J.O. Keene, and purchased by Keemafor $2,700. The second highest wasthe North Star-Diamond Grain filly.tslL rJtoArfffTiSKwTcTooor .rVi" isl- ? ley $2,600. D. W. Scott, afterRELIGIOUS.was assigned to Camnanv t th-tletter of the alphabet, in the NinthU. S. Regiment. The transportwhich carried hinTand oihers of hisregiment was nine days in makingthe trip across. He participated innine battles during the war, andfor a time was in Base Hospital No.49 in England. He was wounded inone engagement where nine companions were killed around him.The detail which cariied them fromthe field was composed of nine menof the Hospital Corps. On his return to American he suffered frorituberculosis, and for a long timehas beer, in the XJ.- S. Hospital atGreenville, S C, where his deathoccurred at the ninth hour of theday cm last Friday. The messageto his father at Newport conveyednews of his death .in nine words.The body was bought to his oldhome in Newport, where the funeraltook place Monday afternoon, un-aer the auspices of the James Wallace Costigan Post, American Legion.The funeral was held from No.922 Eaht Third Street. Newport. Aidetail of nine U. S. soldiers from Ft.Thomas composed the guard ofhonor at the funeral and nine soldiers carried the body to the grave,where a detail of nine men formedthe firing squad. On the night before the funeral nine floral offeiings were sent to the home, arriving at nine o'clock. The body wasburied in lot No. 49, in EvergreenCepietery, in Newport, just nineteen years after his mother's death.There were nine motor carriages inthe funeral cortege. rlively bidding with A. B. Hancock. - vof Paris, got the young Fair Playmare, Even Money, for $2,525.Bourbon county turfmen nada ,the following purchases: Springfern, bay mare, 12, by Sainfern-Ufra, A. B. Hancock, Paris, $200;Chestnm colt by Peter Qu!lnce-NeUWilder, Robert C. Frakes, Parte. ns$1,000; Brown filly, by Wcrterrale- ' .Vanen, Robert C. Frakes, Paris, $1-500.FINE HOGS FOR SALE..chine had been narked in front ofhis residence, but it was gone ycs-jculty of obtaining building materialterday morning. The machine is and the scarcity of labor held it up.en Oldsmobile touring car, bearing !a license tag 58501. No clue to the In India, if & man is, nGt marriedtaker or to the whereabouts of the at the latest' by his twenty-fifthmachine. . J year 'his reputation suffer-.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS -Marly Fall ShowingrofVpSuitsCoatsf-Ml' l . -Dresses.SkirtsThe new pumping engine recentlypurchased from the American LaFrance" Engine Co., for the Parisfire department, has arrived " andbeen put into active commission.The new machine is a fine type of are requested to b? present,the modern fire-fighting apparatus, i The Endeavor Society of thoand proved, in the demonstrations '.Christian church, will-jneet SundayMrs. Eva Dimmitt, of Paris, isParis Presbyterian church will holdtheir first all-day meeting nextTuesday, September 28, in the parlors of the church. All the ladiesn v''r -Fall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaists' ' V Just Received 4V ' rtFRANK & GO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS' ,,and testa made Wsdne&dty and yesterday, that it is he right machineimade in the light way.The new addition to the city's.ire fighting paraphernalia s a combined pumping engine, chemicaland hose wagon, and is complete mall its requirements, being furnished with all needful apparatus forfire fighrng.It is motor propelled and is capable of making a high rate of speedgoing to a fire. Tests were madeyesterday and Wednesday at pointssituated on high and low altitudes.The pump did excellent work undervarying conditions, and thoroughlydemonstrated its capacity. The'nevmachine cost ' $10,000. This addidion to the fire department will bethe means of cutting insurance Dillsin the city at least eight per cent.ONE OF BOURBON COUNTY'S' BEST FARMS AT AUCTION 'On Thursday, September 30, at10:30 a. m., on the premises, theundersigned will sell at public auction one of the best farms in Bourbon county.The place belongs to J. R. Blanks& Co., and is located five niiletf fromPalis, on the Cynthiana pike, and isone of the most fertile pieces of landin the county. It contains 150acres, 80 acres in old bluegrass' sodand 70 acres plowed. No wasteland. Tuo-story frame house, tenant house and all necessary outbuildings, Foi particulars, seeJ. R. BLANKS, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(24-2t) -: OTAKEN TO LOUISVILLEnight in the church parlors at 6:30o'clock. The subject will be, "Inspiring Stories From ForeignFields.' Leader, Miss Esther Boatright. The young people are cordially invited to attend.Rev. Arthur Fpx, pastor of theParis Baptist churchy is conductinga revival meeting in the Baptisechurch, at Springfield, Ky. He isbeing assisted by Evangelist Brown,(if Texas, who has charge of thesong service. During ihe absenceof Rev. Fox his pulpit in the Parischurch will be filled by the pastorof the Springfield church, Rev. JohnD. Fieeman.it rCHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday Bible School, 9:30 a.m; Morning Worship, 10:15 a. m.;Mission Band, 2:30 p. m.; Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.; EveningWorship, 7:30 p. jm. Tuesday Woman's Society. 3:30 p. m. Wednesday Piayer Meeting. 7:20 p mFriday Choii Practice, 7:30 p. m.On September 30, the same ,day Isell my farm. I will offer. for salesome fine young registered Big BonePoland China Hogs, viz:1 fine boar, 17 months old;1 fine boar pig, 10 weeks old.'2. fingaowatigllOBfeks old:4 gilts, five pnonths old;8 sows and pigs.- 5 open sows.This is -a' fine TSiinch of hbgs. Itwill pay you to see them beforebuying.. J. R. BLANKS,Route 6, Paris, Ky. 'THE $14,000 FUTURITYAt Lexington, Tuesday, October5, the Kentucky Futurity, ($14,000), the drawing card for that day,promises to be one of the greatestraces ever witnessed, for it is 3-in-Sto a finish, the only 3-in-5- event orthe year for colts of tha age(which means that the very fast- ,est and gamest only will start.)And ajmongst those, almost -certainto start are not only Sister Bertha"2:06, Arion Guy 2:05. Voltage2:06, the trio that finished ose.two, three in that desperate race(for $6,000) -at Columbus lastTuesday, but also Daystar 2:06&,Great Britton 2:07, Lucile Harvester 2:08, Natalie the Great2:08, Signal Peter 2:08, EmmaHarvester 2:G8l&, Miss Ellen Todd(2:10 on a half-mile tiack) aniSan Andreas, a frequent winneramongst aged horses on the halfmile tracks. And there are others;but the above look the best and arealmost certain to make tne field. 'STOCK, CROP, etc:,Deputy Sheriff R. M. GiUterand Bert Rash, of the North Midletown vicinity, shipped z, doMedeck car of lambs to the Cimcfeinati market Wednesday. The largerpart .pf, the shipment brought 14cents a po uiid and1 eleven" '-c1entaPa,pound for the "tail-enders.-"'oThe skin of the great water boa,the South American anaconda, hasbeen found to be a splendid materialfor motor coats.'WE KNOW HOWClyde Ormnes, arrested here byDeputy Sheriff Robt. M. Gilkey, ona variant issued in Louisville,enraging him with deserting hisfamily,' was taken back to Louisville, Monday night, im charge ofDeputy Sheriff W. H. Able, of Jefferson cojnty. Ormes will be givena hearit-g on the charge in theJefferson County Court.oTOURISTS HEADING SOUTHThe annual heigera of tourists tuthe warm and sunny South has begun. 'Numeious paities ' of autotouribts, bound for Florida points,have been in Paris very recently,taking the Djxie Highway for otherpoints, and continuing their journey. Indications are that the travelwill be very heavy the remainder ofthis month, and on thiough Ooto-Lber'and November. The railroadsexpect to be very busy dining thosemonths. Paris people are lookingup their train schedules and 'makingother advance preparations for theannual Southward flighto" ' The peculiar part of it U that theman who rarely gives asquafe 'deals nearly always kicking because hedoesn't get one. ' ' s -'PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe hours of service are.Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. mSunday 'School 9:30 a. m., and9:30 aj m., and Christian Endeavorat 6:45 p.. (m. The subject of theSunday morning sermon is "HighBrows or Warm Hearte?" At tneevening service the last of tne seriesof "sermons on the subject "Is Therea God?" will be given. The public!s cordially invited to attend theseservices.L0DGEv N0TE&The million dollar committee, ofwhinh a Allison Holland is chair-I 'nan for the State, which is engagedin raising one million' dollars forbenefit of thd Masonic Widows' andOrphans Home, has had splendidpuccess in the last few weeks. Theamount has reached approximately$900,000. Mr. Holland is confidentthat this amount ' will be fullyreached by the first of the month.The raising of thi?. money, -is tholargest enterprise ever undertakenby any seciet order in Kentucky,and indicates the faithfulness andgood will Avhich actuates the members of that order.The fourth degree initiation o!the Kinghts of Columbus has beenpostponed indefinitely and th'e committee in chai'ge will announce tipdate, later. Many applications fromLexington, Paris, Frankfort andMaysville Xnightshave been received for he degree. The hird degree initiation will be held OctobP'"10, as previously announced, andonly a few more applications areneeded to complete the class of canjdidatcs.-oThe United States has been- producing iron and steeL at the rate of50,000,000 tons a year.-OrThe Chinese have the most per- jfeet nervous system of any peopxain theorld.REAL ECONOMYCLOTHESn EAL economy in clothesLppJ consists not in spendHHB ing the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of -value for .themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full ofwear.H Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction!Simply overflowing withquality and value.iMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MENItN?xUA'- -. r ?& ' i '- ' v" iTt .- vfe-V,J. wJS ,..-. i . .." ir -zz-fa. 'A. -ak'--lV,&$ jrrJ :rf.l1' ..X .-tt.--"y"- j- .-vSt-?, bi n.easr.-. saSst' !.' i&-. x- 2 ... ..--r -,-.', i . irZ'flff m . r ',y - ir" " ' - CV Zj. x22&23SiM&ttKaJMxjk -. kj fct ..- -ti rir nr .r.7Hpv-...w.Ui -VPAGE'TWOTHEBOGRBON NEWS, PARISH KENTUCKtJ' -? Vft "rfIDAYV SEPTEMBER. 34, 1S&$ v'-C.,A. ?-""11rME BOURBON NEDSlfctWie3ied 188139 .Years & Continuous Publication . -Mii?ied Every Tuesday and Eriday"r Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SHUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.tftotered at the Paris, Kentucky,TttBtofSce as Mail Matter of theifcreoml Class.)'MB FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. 3ew York American Press Asso-f&k&go Lord & Thomas.Skiladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atknta Massengale Adv. Agency.CSacinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.XfcisviUe Stark-Lowinan Co.Asj erroneous reflection upon thehwraeter, standing or reputation of33 person, firm, or corporationfekh may appear in the columns of3TfiBB0URB0NiSrEWS will be gladlyrreted if brought to attention of-s&e editor.ADVERTISING RATESIDmil&j Advertisements, $1.00 perlaefe fer first time; 50 cents per inchMtak- subsequent insertion.Xe&fiing Notices, 10 cents per lineCfcsfe issue; reading notices in blackSgpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Sards of thanks, calls on candi&t$ss, obituaries and resolutions, andoiaSar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisess&ats and yearly contracts.Yhs right of publisher is reseived5o decline any advertisement or otherca&iter for publication.Announcements for political offices3xst invariably be 'accompanied bj& -cz&h.DEMOCRATIC TICKETis1 For Pretldtnt,Jamee M. Cox, of Ohio.x For Vice President,3fa"krin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.r Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.. -1" hereby announce myself as aadidate for the Democratic nomjMrtion for Sheriff of BourbonQipwty at the Primary Election in-toeost, IS 21. When electederiff my Deputies will be "Bob"ESttay and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL."R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSktrifC of Bourbon County, respectjteXy. solicits your -support and in-David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,deputies.FOR JAILER"We are authorized to announce.30HN MAHAR, of the Millersburg.precinct, (familiarly known as JohnI?cster as a candidate for Jailer of3Borbon county, subject to the uctkia, of the Democratic voters of the8tmty. Mr. Mahar respectfully?fcits the support of the voters5 kis candidacy.JSd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can--Kiatefor Jailer of Bourbon oounIjV subject 10 the action of the Democratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. EL MORELAND. of Paris Preset-No. 2, as a candidate for Taxsftoximissioner of Bourbon County,-with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ot3iiHersburg, as Deputy, subject tokfce action of the Democratic voter?Bourbon county."We are authorized to announceKHN J. REDMON, of the NorthJliddletown precenict, as a candiicte for Tax Commissioner tf Bouro county, with THOMAS TAUL,af Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the De: locratic voters of3oiirbon couni.EPB.DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. Ken Woodford, Jr., will make thece for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerfe Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.miwwPFinger-Prints in Babylon.A group of valuable historic tabletsWorn the excavations of the city of'Bt3'lon benrhiK dales ::s far back as' ikree and a hsilf centuries "before the' iehristian em. wa recently- secured.P Several of the piece carry the dis-' itfrict print; of the f:nger which inold-Mi ifa&u ovtr JJtJUi cars -ago.(STORING EETJITS AND VEGETA-1. ISJiUS.Every year people have trouble tckeep fruits snd vegetables throughthe winter. Much of this troublecan be eliminated and large amountsof food stuffs saved annually if atew simple rules .'ire followed. TheCollege of Agriculture has foundthat were good specimens of fruitsand vegetables are stored in boxer,or crates in rooms such as cellars orcaves good ventilation must be provided. This can be' accomplished inseveral ways. First, make sure thaiall the containers as boxes, barreland crates have openings so as topermit u good circulation of air.Bore holes in sides and bottcjms orcut slats in -the sides. Second, besure that some means is providedwhereby there will be a good circulation of air in the storage room.Openings are usually found in thetop of all cellars or. caves, but unless some means is provided to admit the cold air to the floor theiewill not be much ventilation evenwhen there is an opening at thetop. Often six inches cut off thebottom of the door Avill provide agood circulation of air. Tnis opening can be covered with wire netting to exclude rats and cats. Thiscirculation can also be piovided bylaying a 10-inch tile from the outside to the center of the flooi. Remembering to have the outside opening at least two feet lower than theopening in the floor.With these simple suggestions followed in providing a (meant? of ventilation any one should be able ttkeep frnjt and vegetables. As arule the nights are cool in the falland by opening all ventilators atnight and closing them in the day itis possible to keep the .storage roomery near the right temperature.Many Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying; Kidney IllsArc you bothered with too frequent action of the kidneys? Arethe secretions highly colored dothey contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris people recommend Doan's Kidney Pills. Ifyour back aches and yoMr kidneysare weak you will find no betterrecommended remedy.Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back all the timeand often sharp, cutting painsdarted through it. It sometimesseemed as though I could hardlyendure the misery. I tried differentremedies with no good lesults. Iheard of Doan's Kidney Pills andprocured them from the ArderyDrug Co. Tbe first box helped meand I continued tak'ngr them untilcured. Attacks sincn then have always been slight. Doan's KidneyPills have never failtd to relieven.e."Price 60c, at all dealers. Doivisimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)"PPvQHTEERING OP LONG AGO.(Georgetown Times)"What "profiteers" those boardinghouse keepers and landlords werein the days of long ago! The toalexpense for twelve months for board,laundry, lodging, fuel and lights i:Georgetown in 1831 was ?100 ayear of ?75 for the college term, according to the Louisville DaiJyJournal of April S, 18;fl, in whionan advartisement of GeorgetowrCollege had no boaiding hails anddormitories n ye olden das andstudents obtained board and lodgrngin private families. Tuition in thocollege in those days was $25 ayear as compared with the presen J, r st- 1 vonv The facultvciiargu ul .?- & j ----of the college in 1S31 included JSmith Bacon, president; Rev. N. NIwiiitinn- Thornton F. Johnson, Dr.Samuel Hrtch, William Craig :uulWm. F- Nelson. Instead of the usualthree months' summer -vacation paiiod, the college has a six weeks layoffbeginning the first week in Marchj .. crm ri vnca.t.ion period ot touiailU U -""" ' .n OaniflmhW.weeks beginning ean.v w--RAILROADMOSSING ACCIDENTSTh Illinois CentralRailroadmade tets a few. years aao, to determine what caused crossing accidents-Thev learned that 75 percent of the diivers never stopped,looked or listened, to sec if a tramvas coming.Automobile drivers seem to thinkthey can travel about as .fast r.s atrain at 60 miles per houis approaching the crossing point muchfaster than they aie at 2u.The Southern Pacific Road, inmaking a similar study, learned thatin 13 per cent, of the accidents, machines srall-d on the tracks. Thereare a great many drivers who dio-,-,in hnw fear. Teie are manyothers who considervaluable that theyseconds to let aby. They shouldMvcy will be a lont,their Lime socannot stop 30fast trin slipremember thai,time 'dead,IS THIS YOUREXPERIENCE?TMMRIGHT FROM STARTMrs. Cvemeans Says Tanlac HasEntirely Relieved Her of AllHer Troubles."After ail -Tanlac has done for moI sure f-el like a different woman,"said Mrs. H. G. Cremeans, of Twenty-firststreet and Jefferson avenue,Huntington, W. Va."I suffered with indigestion andstomach trouble for two years. Myappetite left me and even the lightfoods I ute folt like lead in my stomach. I would bloat up after earinguntil I could hardly breathe andfelt miserable for hours. Dizzyspells came on and I had such awful headaches that tbe pain nearlydiwe me wild. I was so nervousthat I would tremble like n leat. Irolled and tossed in my bed andnever had a good night's sleep. Ialso had rheuma'tism in' my left side.I lost weight and wasn't able to doanything about the house. I tookever one hundred dollars' worth ofmedicine and tried all kinds oftreatments, but nothing did me anygood until I took Tanlac."I had taken' but a few doses ofTanlac when I began to improveLiid mj appetite picked up. Mystrength returned, I gained tenpounds in we'ght, and now I can eatjust anything without a sign of indigestion. All my ailments have disrppeaied and I feel as well andStrong a- I ever did. It is simplywonderful what Tanlac has done torme, and had I taken it sooner Iwould have saved jmyself a world ofsuffering."Tanlac is sold in Paris by the People's Pharmacy. (alv)THE HAIIIT OF"Theic is -omething I have foundout since leaving school that maysurprise you; you will not have somucli use foi the things you arelearning now as you think you willhave," writes tre Cave Scout inBoys' Life for September. "As 1matter of fact you will foiget ninetenths of the things you learn inschool, after you graduate"The most important thing inschool is not the information you acquire but the habit of learning thatyou establish. Heve is a man withno education. He 1ms never leuin-ed how to solve problems. Sometrouble comes up in his life it maybe a comparatively simple matterbut he is helpless, car't see any wayout cf his difficulties. The samesituation confronts a man with aneducation a trained mind and hebegin? to put things together, andfigure ai'd scheme and sopn has asolution to the problem, because hehas learned how to solve problemsbv going to school "--o-$25,000 FIRE VISITS STAMPINGGROUND.Stamping Ground in Scott countywas visited Saturday night with thethird destructive fire in ten years.The loss is estimatec at between$15,000 and ?25,000, partly coheredby insuj ance. All three fiies havebeen on" Main street.The fire was of unknown originnnd originated in an unused roomover Emmett Tucker's hardwarestore. T'he homes of Ira House andDr. Ciutchfield were almost destroyed, as were the hardware store andthe Swift Creamery.The telephone exchange was damaged and all but one of the telephone lines put out of commission.Several houses directly oppositewere damaged, including the undertaking establishment of Adams &Cassity, and the home of, NewtonNorth cutt.THREE YEARSFinally was Restored toHealth by Lydia E. Pinkharn'sVegetable Compound.Lowell, M:ss. " asall rundown andna.il an awful pain in my right side, waspeisistentlv Consti-pated and vhad verydizzy spells. I suffered for three yearsand .-was perteettymiserable until afriend Avas tellingme to try Lydia JE.Pinkhans Vegetable Compound andI found it a wonderful medicine. I cannow do twice asmuch work and Irecommend the Vegetable Compound toother women,' You can use thesefacts as a testimonial." Mrs. M.Theall Bessev. 46 Chestnut St., LowelhMass.Why women will continue to suffer solong is moie than we can understand,when they can find health in Lydia E.Pinkhani5 Vegetable Compound fFor forty years it has been the siandaid remedy for female ills, and has restored .the health of thousands of womenwho have been troubled with such ailments as displacements, inflammation,ulceration, "irregularities, etc.If you want special advice write toLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential), Lynn, Mass. Your letter willhe opened, lead and a'nswere,d by awoman and held in strict confidence,IBII:1 inTm? svi IffiIII 11WEST ' VIRGINIA' GAS IAW-THREATENS KENTUCKYCorporations and residents ofKentucky, Pennsylvania, Indiana,Maryland and Ohio will suffer afinancial loss of about $312,000,000if the State of West Virginia enforces the Steptoe gar, law, according to testimony given by S. M. S.Wyer, who qualified as a gas expertin the hearing of ilrj PennsylvaniaOhio suit against the Steptoe statuteat Pittsburg, Pa., Tuesday.6The worst thing abo.ut silk skirtsis that after people start wearing'eim they feel so much less like doing any useful work.Feathers For Sale..A large mattress of feathers forpale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office..For RentNicely furnished roqm on Lilieston avenue, for ' lady who will become companion for elderlj'- woman.Rent cheap to the right party. CallCumbeiland Phone 230. 9U7-tf)Clerk Wanted- We want at once an experiencedgrocery clerk. Call in person.THE PARAKEET MINERAL WATER & GROCERY CO.,Cor. Tenth and Main Streets,17-tf) Paris, Ky.uxdWjnFor SaleOne 1917 Model Ford Sedan.One 1918 Model Ford Sedan, Demountable Rims.One 1917 Ford Coupe.One 1919 Ford Touring Car,, selfstarter; demountable rims; cordtires, and Duplex body a bargain.One 1919 "Overland Touring Car,fine shape, and several others.R. C. RUGGLES MOTOR. CO.Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and terms.Write or call for this big list. Makyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome " .WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,Vevay and Madison, Indiana.'(auglO-tf-eot)Lumber For SaleWe have about 4,000 feet, moreor less, of lumber for sale, wreckagefrom lumber shed, consisting ofdimension lumber, boxing, sheating,etc. Wiil sell the lot for $80.00..IAS. M. TEMPLIN,At Mrs. Templin's Paint Store.flO-tf)Free CindersCall at Ice Factory for all thecinders you want free as long asthey last.PARIS ICE MFG. CO.Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you u-ant taxi cab service,anyyhour ot the day or night, callus, Cumbeiland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI. CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.LISTEN !Complete you home with one 01our Pianos, Player Pianos or uaDinet Talking Machines. We do notonly guarantee our instruments, butadjust anything that may at sometime be required,We (Jo 'this, as our renresentative,Mr. Geis, is a factory experiencedman, having spent a number ofyears m factories manufacturinghighest grade musical instruments.We do tuning and repairing of allkhi's also handle- latest Music Rollsand Records.J. H.-TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,J. B. GEIS, Representative.'(aug6-tf-F)WELDINGATJTO EEPAIPJKG ArTDEEAL MACHINE WOKX.GEN-HIGG1NS & RICHARD,12S-1C0 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3rno)INTEEJJRBAIT SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexineton PorParisA. M. 6.0 Ox A.A. M. 7:20Paris ForLexinsrtonM. 6:45A. M. 8:50V. M. 10:20A. in 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15'P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15- P. M. 10:05M.M.M.M.M.M.M.11.501:202:504:206:007:209:10M. 11:00. P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.ENTUCKt traction and terMINAX COMPANY .Wareroom1The -warehouse of Munich & Wides, located on Nineteenth'street, is for rent. This warehouse was formerly occupied by SternBros, and Max Munich.. Any one desiring to. Tent same can communicate with the undersigned.This would make a fine storage house, or could be used.bacco, etc. Size 40x60 feet. Phone or call 370,MUNICH & WIDES, Lexington, Ky(21-2t)FordGO DOWNEFFECTIVE NOW PRICES F. O. B.DETROIT ARE :Touring Car, Self Starter !...-. $510.00Runabout Car, Self Starter $460.00Coupe Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $745.00Sedan Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $795.00Truck, Pneumatic Tires $545.00Tractor $790.00WAR TAX AND FREIGHT ARE TO BEADDED TO THE ABOVEPlace Your Order Now WhileDeliveries are PossibleRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYDRINK1 1ERTELSHDOUBLE-DARKThe Drink that Leaves a Pleasant MemoryHave it in your home at all timesThe OERTEL Co, Louisville, Ky.incorporatedMakers of Oertels Double Dark, Oertels Dark and Oertels LightMartin Chemical Co., Distributors, Winchester, Ky.Till Sep 25-FiiHiiininiiiiiiiinHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiininiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniinifiigWilliam K.A P.C HITEC TyFIR..-T NATIONAL BANKniflllllillifllllf IlllEit lllJili llJiiilfiiliiiitilitfiiifiiitfiiiiifitiJitinURm Ti mi i'l hH'iii iT 1 1 i'i mi in f i li ri 111 1 1 1 1 ii'nir 1 1 if 1 1 u 1 1 u3F7 ir-irM1of all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.Vf r vfiVil,rjFor Rent!-far to-CarsIN PRICEHagan 6-ybNC5 - E NG ! N E E R.Pae.'i. Ky.- itiiitifiilii(tiii;Tiiliiiitifiififiiifiiiiiriti:isifiiffiriii!iiif n Iff llrmil' H!h1"19mmmmmmA9mmatmmmmms1'Vt rH, --1 1uv :ir -4r .y-&&2&iV.' &2Rfr'. V-'J vt.t-1 v1"; A Vfc.&tt&?k."!.V -tv-r,r-K.V."- '-"j ' V!A.v -.w .0VSsitS5clWFVSfrf"it'.VV -x, 3f4.i r -'U"r,-tV?V""V-OV i.'h1'V H J-1 rT&.r.:.-t 'VHFriday, September" 24, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, J.ENTUCK3PAGETHKB&Jjf?y-J&fcYOU certainly want tosave money, and youwould like to have better bakings.Then use Calumet It's thebiggest thing you can do to improve the quality of your bakingsand lower baking costs.Calumet is made in the largest, most sanitary Baking PowderFactories in the World. No 'Baiting Powder is made under betterconditions none can be better inquality.It contains only such ingredients as -have been officially endorsed by the U. S. Pure FoodAuthorities. An absolute guaran4 ofTlSf (KicmirorTT -J""-T Jw TV . .V4t,3- - ... , ,- , . M HT7 r t. VfcVMC" 'I sLL-x . Refill BaaaroaM llt,.i ,,. . --. , , , L im ,,.....--!jffj1 8 Ifc received highest Award?, 1B a World's Pure Food Exposition, Chi-EEAKFUX OF FEOST TOBACCOHURRIED INIf you are a man, most any kindof a man, and want to hustle, it willnot be necessary to venture far intothe country, since there is a mostvigorous effort upon the part of tobacco producers to, get their cropsinto the sheds, fearful of a frost.The tejmperature has been watchedclosely by many and some state thatthere has been "near frost" severalmornings, jand the mercury is dropping steadily these nights, and theproducers are apprehensive. Whileit is a fact that much tobacco is being cut green, considerable is being damaged by the heat after having been hung in the sheds, andsome are building fires beneath thehanging tobacco in order to dry itout, it is said. There is a demandfor charcoal that is unusual, but it isnot to. be obtained in small quanCarborundum, the artificial substitute for emery, is said to rivalthe diamonds in hardness.To abort: a coldand prevent complications takei(-cago Paris Exposition, Paris,France positive proof cf its superior merit.It is used by more housewives and domestic scientists thanany other brand.It is sold at a moderate price.All you have to do is to comparecosts to determine how much youcan cave by buyh.3 CalumetGiuten is the muscle building partof flourwhich is of creat importance.To be sure you get it in your bakings use plain flour and good bakingpowder, (not self-rising flour).nirflC&ttnnei. CraniaCkeKecipoH 3 cups pastryM flour, 3 level teaU spoors CalumetBaking I owder, rcup butter, Vyi cupagranulated eugar.Yolks of 3 eggs, Acup cold water.Whites of 3 eggs. 1teaspoon orangeextract. Then mixin the regular wa&.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. i:KK:.::-:::j:.::.::.::.::-::Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.A Bat's a Hog.A bat is supposed to be able to absorb and digest in one night food threetimes the weight of its own body.White Elephant.Isn't it a pity that a man never candispose of his motor experience for asmuch as it cost him?The purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenause&iess, safe and sureMedicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c,Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Rickett';and family have moved to London.Ky., to reside in the future.I. L. Price is attending tiremeeting- of the National ClothiersAssociation, in session at Chicago.Miss Vernita Baldwin leftTuesday for Lynchburg-, Va., whereshe will "attend the Randolph-Maconschool.Miss Pearl Fronk, of Cynthiana, is a guest at the home of MisMayme Collirs, on Railroad street,in this city.Miss Fannie Heller, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Heller, hasgone to Lexington, where she willattend State University.Misses Lona and Christine McCord have returned to their home inthis city, after a visit to their sister, Mrs. Houston Henry, in Akron.Ohio.Misses Grace Browning andGrace Newman have returned totheir homes in Muncie, Ind., after avisit to Mrs. Charles Browning, onVine street.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Turner leftTuesday for their new home in L03Angeles, Cali., after spending the1 summer in Paris with the former'smother, Mrs. Ed TurnerWalter Spira, of Louisville, enroute to the Staunton MilitaryAcademy at Staunton, Virginia,was a guest several days this wee:of Clarence Baldwin, in this city.Tilder. Duncan, St., has returned from Aynor, South Carolina,where he spent the summer in thei tobacco business. The Soutn Cai-olina markets have closed for theseason.j Miss Josephine Hayden, who is'doing social service work at Jacksonville, 111., is spending hei vaca! uon with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.I J. W. Hayden, on Henderson street,in this city.1i The following announcement'card have been issued. "Mr. andJ Mrs. Lunceford Talbott announce'the mariiage of their daughter,I Mai y Mason, to Mr. Henry Axtellj Meade, on Saturday, the eighteenthof September, one thousand .ninehundred and twenty, Pans, Ken! tucky At Home, Bloonimgton, In-' diana.", (Other Personals on Page 5)4MM'&4"M''"M'4"M'fl"M'fliI"!"!"I"?"I"!"t"t"I"I"I"I"!",S,,1H''I"&'',isr s$ .srfev -gzrm s 3rL ull tttfu mvbbJk 1Act& tmmiwejj fruii'ilft I aMMd9fc9f u r'uctSP pans! U l " CJj&fKlf 4 vS1 s7Ir ;w J"y kV )e tM F" V , iWSAVEMILS OFSTEPS&&$-& Ui L.!gaL frwEm ' " ', ,. " W&?UrTHE MODEL KITCHENxJ The kitchen shown here is an outgrowth of thej newest development in home building.It was deliberately planned with the idea of makingI house-work easier. A definite, specific place -wasprovided for the 'Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet, becausehousewives and home-makers have come to knowthat a Hoosier functions bes,t when the kitchen isplanned ta logically focus all of the work on thestep-saving Hoosier.But whether you are planning a new' home or notyou need a Hoosier now. For the Hoosier, alreadythe proud possession of two million housewives,enables you to do your housework quickly and easily. With every-tool and utensil in the one placemost easy to. get at, with foods and condiments rightat your finger tips,, you sit before Hoosier's big uncluttered work .table at your ease.No fussing nor fuming no back-breaking reachingor lifting, not a single unnecessary step. Just easy,comfortable? well ordered work that is Hoosier'ssolution of the kitchen work problem.Come to our store and satisfy yourself that this is so. -We'llgladly give you a complete demonstration ofthe many ways in which the Hoosier excels.1Oft To SchoolBut to Wolf, Wile & Co's FirstIXI(XIWith school opening, there comes the problem of 1J5new clothes for children. But this is not a hardproblem if you bring them to this store to be clothedfor right now stocks are brimful with everythingin -the Jway of children's apparel; garments -withstyle,'correctness of design"and distinction of models. You'll find every item better made and a money saver.CHILDREN' GOAT SPECIALISTSThats what we call ourselves. We sellcoats of .the better kind. Very exceptionalvalues.GIN'SWEATERSOf select woolen yarns, fashioned in thevery newest models and made to stand thehard school wear,Eti'Sister's life wouldn't be complete withoutthese new Fall dresses for girls.' HATSThey'll tuck a lot of learning under them.An individual collection of smart headwearfor school srirls in the new Fall colors.Wolf, Wile e.Lexington, KentuckyCo.11IIII3C1IIIIX1IvIIIXIS1ftIIIxIK!IX-SSf sf?Tl!And Now we are Making Contracts 0 ForaFallPaintinOur Spring business was far--inexcess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to be ' 'larger this Fall. We are booked1 'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect your - ,house from the winter weatherwith paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.5Home Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKYMH-iaif,s..a,asSns3-zznnnmSEHIggajgsgs-g'asgsS'g.!-gja--gj3-ofa 3ii-iiii3.iJHIWANDER BACKAlongSthe Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet; Recollections .With a ripple of laughter, a, burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deen nnlaatinvI voice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. Th?wioAiuiiwa wm uu an ux tuia xur you. ana so natural iv Thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trail j01 yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home Phonograph-f&mVmm-kTry Trading at Wheeler's You'll Like Itp. WHEELER &CHAS GREEN, Manager . .VCOAT. W. SPICERSTREkTOPf.'?zrfi A 3$-' -i--v t'-XlrSTlWK-'-.V' St- ?iXrrfiiT- VvSA Ti tAvw--lt.''r, .4. y "'!,? -is . "' THE BOURBON NEWS, PAftIS, KENTUCKY , V. '- ' '' ' prid, September 24, iwb :PAGSPOUB.nu'i,fi'm "?-"m Uf ItT n.n.w nvTinm ,...... I,- , FOR YEAR.TJie Kentucky Fire Chief's Asso-EDITORIAL FLINGS OF TEES,. THAT TEN 'TOTHERCiation honored Arnold ntpiipikso- ! 0"wander, chief of the Louisville de-i. 4,Dartment hv ploptincr iiw. ,.,, itr.1 ieirTW. r- CU&U"15 4 year ai Say fHers, don't you know thatwill happen in the best regulatedfamilies." -The new dictionaries wiil contaiuJover five hundred thousand wordsIt would take all these and manyhundred more to express the righteous indignation Paris people feelwhen their view of the moviescreen al the Grand is obstructedcony.year atiscooiuu ul uia.L con- x -r. jventfnn in fh Pm,n ni, " -. leaciung rau wcmieii now iu vutethe. City Hall. He succeeds W. A. j in the elections is soing to be even j every night by persons in the baljcw, ui'iet oe tne Jbexmgton lire "' lv.ihujc " ,xto i..department. Other officers elected now to swim or the fine points ofwere: Edward A. Griffith, Coving-, baseball ?ton first vice-president; John P.Slaughter, Paducah, second vice-j Republican nominee Harding haspresident, and Edward M. Hite, i at last said F011ie thing ihat id bold,Lexington, secretary-treasurer. Chief . fpnrlrQS clear ., 3 bell and whichNeuenschwander appointed the fol- feailcf' flear 9 Je" an?. wnlc?lowing to the Board of Directors: ! cannot be - successfully disputed.R. M. Newell, Maysville; Ernest ', Evidently without consultation withAshurst, "Georgetown, and Edward Chairman Hays or Senator PenrosejVI. Hite, Lexington Mr. Hite,Nalor. the Campaign Committee, heformer chief of Maysville, is a rep- comes right ont, and, in tones thatrese,n tatlve of the American La carry conviction to the mind and anance vuiupaiiy. in ouier umcers,iwe active chiefsGLASPIE CASE CONTIOTEDJ thrill to the heart, declares: "Thej history of civilization is a very in-! terestmg story .""I1SEW PRpCESS GAS STOVES THE Paris people who are close ob-yj-IJ.J- JJJ-ltJJ.t I comrorc rf tlio -nnlltlPUl TITTlfl fl VAGet the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They will saveyour gas bill.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.the politicalnow wondering whether husbandsr.nd wives will vote alikj in thecoming Presidential election. Well,the old saying is "CoincidencesmmI8'Mra TrousermWith Each Suit orOvercoat OrderMen, get your next Suit or or Overcoat at the SuperiorWoolen Mills and get an EXTRA PAIR TROUSERS FREE.We tailor them from the same material as the suit if youlike tailor both them and the suit to your individual measure. The extra nair will double the wear of the suit andbesides you will always have for a chahge a pair that'sclean and shapely.QiHow the womer will vote inNovember lis a matter which is worrying the politicians Of the twogreat parties. But we have a strong-hunch that they will vote in voile,crepe de chine, organdies, highheels, furs, dust caps, slippers,dresses, cooking clothes, gingham,and almost any old way. Don't you-think?. A certain Bourbon county official,who shall be unnamed, said theother day: "There is a certainoffice building in this city that hat'had more than its share of trialsand tribulations. It was the homeof a popular financial institutionthat eventually went to the discard,and later became the abiding placefor an oil stock concern, whichmoved out. But the crowning mishap in Ihe tragic history of thebuilding is the fact that it has nowbecome headquarters in Paris v forthe Republican party."Firs, Wind and Lightning, Position WantedIn Lexington, Wednesday, the j Thft ' WnnrHnrrf X. Rrtnn B' experienced stenographer,case of Mrs, Simon Glaspie, of Mil-" ' "0R,aS' OOaiorO- ryan Has had Qne year,g experlcncelm-shm-ir. 'o.hznre.d with assault vft.h i -ST " ' " ""- .'i"- P-. py ;t BOURBON NBWS office.an aiituiiiuuiit;, wiis cuiiiiuueu, uyconsent of the parties interested,until October 18. Mrs. Glasde wasvonnp-mVpH n Tinr nwn hnnri in nr- I have a liUmbei Of STOOd brokepear in ccart on that date. While ponies for sale. Broke' for any Are you troubled with fallingHiM-vinor nn T.imPctnTio ctroat in i .o-- child to ride or drive. Come early hair, itching scalp and daudruff?Ponies For SaleA Message For You,ington, Sunday, Mrs. Glaspie acci- j before they are all gone.Written We haVo a message you you. SendHontniiv strung- nnri iniurori a nninv-' sniarantee wiih everv Bony. " for booklet, uon t aeiay.ed boy, who attempted to cross the I R. D. rVANSANT, t EDWARD RAYMOND C9..street in front of her car. (It) Cor. Main and Second Sts. 33 Broadway, Williamson. . Va.STATEMEETING D. OF "C. ATCYNTHIANA.$30 $35 $40 !up to $65Remember, it's FREE TROUSERS with each order, beit a thirty dollar suit or a sixty dollar suit.If you want-to save money on your Fall and Winterclothing needs, come around to the Hotel Windsor Sept.27. 28 and 29 and have your measure taken.The Kentucky division of theUnited Daughters of the Confederacy met for its twenty-foui th an-nual session Wednesday ai, thePresbyterian church, in Cynthiana.with Mrs. James L. Stunston, ofMayfield, presiding, and delegatesand visitors from all parts of theState in attendance. .The session was opened at teno'clock with the invocation by theTJev. Felix K. Struve. of the Methodist church A welcome was extended to the visitors by Mrs. Lamme S. Givens, president of the JoDesha Chapter. Cynthiana. Mia.William G. Wigglfsworth, presidentof the Woman's Club, Cynthiana,extended greetings in behalf of theclub; Mrs. William G-. Talbott, oCParis. State president of the DausrVcers of the American Revolution, inbehalf of the D. A. R., and Mrs.Ro3r McKinney, president general ofihc U. D. C, in behalf of the General U. D. C. Chapteis.. Mrs. Robt.J. Chime, Bardstown, icsponded tothe welcojme.Reports of thp State officers were,read and accepted. Special mes-W 1 en croc fiTini Hir pmu'Piitinn Vprp SPrf' ;i4--j j. vii .. j- 1 w. w.v Mv.toSi(Incorporated)SUPERIOR WOOLEN MILLS511-513 W. Market St. Louisville. Ky.to Mis. Edmonia Roberts, Bardstown; Mrs. Frank Aikins, Lexington; Mrs. Andrew M. Sea, Louisville.J M-s. Russell Mann, Paris, presidedat ihe memorial service. Represon-5 i tatives of chapters that had lost ;, jpembers auring tne year, were iur-nished wiUi a white carnation foreach member who had' died. Thesewere placed in a vase with red carnations, after a brief sketch of . theperson was given.Mrs. Albert H. Morehead, of Lexington, addressed the convention on"H. C. L. Our Individual Responsibility." After the reports of the standingcommittees, the convention adjourned to the home of Mrs. J. R.Poindextor, where the Woman'sClub of Hairison county entertainedwith a tea, in honor of the omceis.delegates, visitois and members ofthe Jo Desha Chapter.Dr. Matthew Page Andrews, author and historian, of Baltimore,who was to be present during thesessions of he convention and makean address last night, was unable tosome on account of sudden illnesg.Richard Hawes Chapter, of Paris,was represented at the meeting byMrs. W. G. Talbott, Mis. RusseliMann, Mrs. Ada Rice, Mrs. Chas. S.Goldstein, Mrs, Denis Dundon, Mrs.J. T. Vansant, Mrs. John J. Connell, Mrs. A. H. Hancock, Mrs. Chas.C. Leer, Miss Carroll Leer, Mis?Ada 'Bivins and Mrs. Jos. H. Ewalt.Put a New Roof Right Overthe Old OneDo it with Art Craft the economy roofing. You'll save. the labor cost of tearing off the old roof and 'the litterand the time. You'll have an all-weather-proof roof with-fire-danger greatly reduced.CHUItCH SUPPER"XsiTn,k3&X;- JrtfltaftTJoo.Re&VrVGre1.1This is the quality roof that wears, wears, wears. It is a beau-titui root that stays so tor years and years. It is practicalr and economical. It costs less than other worthy roofings. Itscolors aje permanent. It is guaranteed for service. Made byr Bird & Son, Inc., makers of the world-famed Neponset RoofsEstimates FreeAn ARTCRAFT ROOF is being applied on thehome of Mrs. John Deair, 903 Walker Ave., Paris, Ky.,right over the old wooden shingles. Investigate it, thenput an ARTCRAFT ROOF on YOUR home.We expect to open a permanent branch office inParis in the near future.Blue Grass Roofing Cq.i42 Market St., Lexington, Ky. .Phone 4208A supper will be given in theschool building at Escondida tojnorrow night. The women of thevicinity are asked to bring or serdcontributions of edibles. The pro 'ceeds of the supper will be devotedto the benefit of the Sunday Schoolat Escondida. The public is cordially invited to attend.ELLIS' CASHGROCERYSpecials, Since opening our TeaRoom we have lots of "bargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose "of a lot of. these goods.Pickling Vinegar tand Spicesat bargains this week.MMEllis' Cash Grocery iOpposite Court House 'w-cSBBBH ' bbbV BBH BBBBBBM BBBBBBBBBj BBBh' bbbbbbbV BBBBBS BBB BBBvTHE W. J.BICKEY FtRMssftmFormeHv the R S- Scoiiee Farm s0? I V9Located 4 Miles from WinchesterOis Mt. Sterling and Cabin Creek PikesA3JSSSfThis splendid. place of 200 acres has been subdivided into 5 small tracts, each fronting on pike road,AND GOES UNDER THE HAMMERMonday-10 A. M.Af!AM) ALL NECESSARY 0UTBUILBINGS. 7-ACRE TOBACCO BARS.IT IS ONE 0E THE EINEST TEACTS OF LAND INCLAEK COUNTY.GOOD GRADE 0E LIMESTONE- CLAY SUB-SOIL .LAND, WELL WA-,M , TERED AND HIGHLY PRODUCTIVE OF WHEAT, CORN, OATS. TBI-, 0TIIY A.ND CLOVER. FINE TOBACCO LAND.EVERY ONE KNOWS THE SC0BEE FARM BE 0N HAND TO'SEE IT SELL SEPTEMBER 27TH.D-I D.l WE WILL SELL TO THE HIGE-i ci duiidi i ruperiy EST BIDI)ER A u numberOF FARMING IMPLEMENTS ND ME. DICEIY'S FINE -HORSES,- MULES, CATTLE. HOGS, SHEEP. ALSO A BIG QUANTITY, OF HAY,FODDER AND CORN. LIST OF PERSONAL PROPERTY-" CAN BEV,s'- HAD Or J. NEWT RENAKER, WINCHESTER KY.Tv MR. DICKEY, ON THE FARTT WILL SHOW YOU THE PLACEANY TIME. "Big Dinner Served Free jMcLEANAOF KNOXV1LLE SAUCTIONEERDON'T FAIL TO HEAP. COL: VIC "McLEAN, THE SOUTH'S GREAT' EST AUCTIONEER.SALE CONDUCTED BYIl! U.S. FEALTY AUCTION CO."THE BIG LAND PEOPLE" - KNOXVILLE, TENN.o- Winchester, Ky.J. NEWT. RENAKER. - -Have You Land to Sell?l r . SEE US AT THE DICKEY SALE AMD ARRANGE WITH AIIVE, -s - -r; WIREV WENS-AWAKE AlTCTI01f,C01IPAHY TO SEEL.Y0UR LjUTO.- " 11F. . . ,m. :.. . , ,-,,.,-- .-. 11 - 3.--J Jr.. . 4 Vv',"'' -v ' . ? '.. . . . $ , . z v.- l . .".v5 -1 . y.. :. "it " f': 'Z7Zr 7-4 ZZ T r. " z zzz 'Z9r--y --.rTiw&1 If;h jJv-i Lv jt"r i- - '"rjsr n.rr4' - I TSJ,4-,'Jv. 'n- ,r.ftAi" i' -Tw f. J ..i J xr-sv .-i'V- H&-, iV - -r-ji -r-7V . ,J 3r -r --3AoSTRIDAY; SEPTEMBER 24, 1920THE BOURBON 'NEW?, PARIS, KENTUCKYpage mvv(2'sftFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barna ainst loss by fire, tornado andItntning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.tpt3-tf)a OPICKLES WON'T SPOIL' ut up your piclrlefi witli FemdellcT and Heinz pure pickling vinemd vour pickles won't -spoil.,lt) C. P. COOK & CO.fSUS GIVES BOURBON POPUIATI0N OP 13,418.nbon county Las a population, -.4 IS, and Paris 8,310, accord -to iiguieF. announced Wednes-bv the Census Bureau. .Milleis-i . ,s credited with 1,117 in 19 12 u,parea wun yt. m 1900.in 1910 and-ID'S FALL FOOTWEAR FOP," FASHIONABLE 'FOLKSv d's falf shoes for men, womenchildren please the purchaser.are stylish and ivear most sat-itorily. Take a look in -the4 dows. (It)rJIKM BUKEATJ. JIEETINGMORROW AFTERNOONT0-i call has been issued for a meet-of the Bourbon County Farmi eau, to he held in County Courtr n in the court house at threec lock to-morrow afternoon. Thcr eting will be of a very importantr.'ure. All farmers of Bourbon(i mty, whether members of theI rrmers Bureau or not, are urged torend. " . ---. ospecial stjnday night homec00sed dhtner."Te will serve a special 6 o'clock" c me-cooked dinner Sunday nightr.i'l invite the public to attend,.7 he price is 75c per place. A splenhd menu has been arranged tha-"tuII please. Our Tea Room will"erve regular meals every day andjpecial light lunches from 8 to Jlend 2 till 5 o'clock.THE ELLIS TEA ROOM,(It) Opp. Court House.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comings ad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Af.Trs;,L'ulra Wiggins -i-o visiting? iS. M Baird' in Souta Oharleiton, Ohio.Miss Mat tie LilJeston, of Hig-?-nl av3nue is visiting friends iuRichmond.--Julian King, of Coibin, formerly of this .city, is visiting relatives here.Mrs. David C. Parish, of nearars, is visiting her aunt, Mrs. G.B. Turley and other relatives inRichmond.Mrs. Jeptha Haggara, of Paris,was a guest several days this weenof her sister, Mrs. O. E. Douglass,in Richmond. 'Mrs. Clay , Sutherland has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Hedden, Jr., in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. William Kenney anddaughter, Miss Frances Kennev,were recent guests of relatives inDanville and Harrodsburg.Mrs. J. S. Sweeney has returned from a three-months' visit to herdaughter, Mrs. George ,S. Hamilton,and fajmily,"in Two Rivers, Wis.Mrs. William Shire has returned from a visit to her sister-inlaw, Mrs. Max Strauss, in Avondale,Cincinnati.Mrs.vClark' Barnett, who hasbeen seriously ill for some time ather home on Houston avenue, isimproving.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Gay havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Gay's,paients, Mr. and Mrs. John T.Woodford, in Mt. Stealing. 'James T. Dykes, of Indianapolis, Ind., formerly of IMillersburg, isvisiting his dautrKter, Mrs. FdwardOrmes, and other- relatives in thiscity.Miss Emma . Louise Collins,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John T.Collins, of Paris, is attending schoolat Science Hill Academy, in Shelbyville. Dr. and Mis. Joy Stephensand little daughter have returnedto their home at Alameda, Cali.,- after a visit to friends and relatives inthis city.Mrs. M. F. Enright, Mrs. J. J.McCarthy, Miss Julia Enright andMrs. Nelson Elder, of Richmond,prize,, a, deck of cards, wa3 awardedto Miss Charlina Ball.Mrs Evt Dimmitt, of Paris, iavisiting Mr. and Mrs. Culleu Durbiuand others in Cynthiana.Miss Sena Rion has returnedfrom a visit 10 Mr. and Mrs. RobertOgden, in Winchester.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine and sister. Miss Julia' Edwards, liave moved to their new home en Fifteenthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. M. Funkhave gone to West Baden Springs,West Baden, Indiana, for a twoweeks' sray. "Mr. and Mrs. James" Ai kle, MissNiannettii Arkle and Mr. FithianArkle, of Paris, attended a dininggiven in Winchester by Mrs. W. E.Pinnell.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland hadas guests Wednesday, Ms. Thos.Gardner, Mrs. James Lary, Mrs.Win. K. Bayless, Mrs. W. S. Webband Miss Jane Allen Webb, all ofLexington.Mrs. Stoner. Keller, formerlyMiss Mineiva Neal, of Paris, underwent a successful opera'tion for appendicitis, performed at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in (his city,Wednesday (morning.Miss Kate Rohmweber and MissSarah McGmley have returned toto teir homes in Cincinnati, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. John MsGinley and Thoimas McGiniey, inParis, and to relatives in Carlisleand Nicholas county.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr entertained informally Wednesday at hercountry home, on the Georgetownroad, near Paris, in honor of herhoiise giiests. Mrs. I'-'sher and son,Mr. George Fisher, of Kansas City,former residents of the county.Miss leather ine Wills has returned fiQm the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexingon, where shehas been a patient for several days.Miss Wills underwent & slight-ope -ationin the Hospital, performed byDr. J. A. Stuckey, of Lexington.Mrs Russell Mann, of Paris,assisted in receiving and entertaining guests at the reception given tythe members of Jo' Desha Chapter.D. of C. in Cynthiana, Wednesdaynight. The entertainment was givenat "Monticello," the palatial homeformerly owned by -J. T. Megibben.Among the out-of-town peoplewho attended the dance given in thewow Tndpnendent Tobacco Ware-tne ioi-lizabethMrs. Jerry I house Monday night wereof Missworo rnPDllt ailPQtc rf-r-ii.. :" t-ui ?j Uowinsr. jruests-aAH'j. T. McGrathlSinWat an informal dinner givenREGISTRATION DAY OCT, 5.Tuesday, October 5, wTill be regular registration day for voters of allpolitical affiliations, who desire tovote in the Presidential lace in November. The pollins: bcotbs will beopen from six in the morning tonine at night. Women who wish torote in this election must registeron this date. They will not be reitiired to state their exact age, butnust furnish information to theeffect that they are of the legal age,wenty-one cr over. The clerksand judges on duty in the variouspolling places will take especialnains to instruct the in what theyShould do. Let every woman whodesires to vote register on Tuesday.October 5, and secure her certificatefrom the officials.oONE OF BOURBON COUNTYBEST FARMS AT AUCTIONOn Thursday, September 30, at3 0:30 a. m., on the premises, theundersigned will sell at pvblic auction one of the Dest farms in Bourbon county.The place belongs to J. R. Blanksft Co., and is located five males fromParis on the Cynthiana pike, and isone of the most fertile pieces ofland in the county. In contain3 50 acres, 80 acres in old bluegrasstod and 70 acres plowed. No wasteland. Two-story frame house, tenant house ana all necessary outbuildings. For particulars, seeJ. R. J3LANKS, orHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(24-2t)oTEWISH PEOPLE OBSERVE BAYOF ATONEMENTFrom sunset Tuesday night untilfcunset Wednesday the Jewish citi'fns of Paris observed Yom Kippur,'V Day of Atonement, with fastingnd prayer. Theii business housesvre closed, and no food wTas eatenfr that holiest day of the JewishIfndarand Mrs. Sallie Edwards have returned to their homes in Harrodsburg. after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Louis Lilleston,of Houston avenue.Mrs. Thomas I Davis has ' rcturncd to her home in Winchesterafter a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Thomas McCray, in North Middletown. Miss Elizabeth Rule, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Edward T. Rule,of Wliite Addition, was operatedon at the MaFsie Memorial Hospital.Tuesday, for adenoids and removalof tonsils.Embry Downey, who was seriously injured some time ago by being run down by an automobile, hasrecovered sufficiently to leave theMassie Memorial Hospital, and return to .his home.Senator B. Leslie Worthingtonand daughter, Miss Leslie Worthington, hae returned to their homoin Maysville, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. William Remington, onEighth street, in this city.Mr. and Mrs.- Waiter Hedgeshad as guest recently Mrs. FoleyPrice, of Lexington, and Mrs. Chas.E. Brown, of Brooklyn, New York.Their daughter, Miss ElizabethHedges has returned to Charleston, West Virginia, where she holdsa clerical position. ,Irvine "Cor. Lexington Herald:"Edgar McClintock, of Millersburg.who is employed in the Louisville& Nashille railroad office at thispoint, is off on a two-weeks' vacation. He will first go to Paris,where his parents have recentlymoved, and then to various townsvisiting friends."William Clark, of the localpostoffice force, returned Tuesdaynight from a visit to his brother,Maj. Richard Clark, who hdc beeivery ill in a South Carolina hospital. Maj. Clark has about recovered, and will leave soon for Denver,Colorado, where he will be stationed in the U. S. army service.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr..her son, Thomas." Henry Clay, III,and her daughter, Miss ElizabethClav, left Wednesday ;ur AewYork. Later Miss Clay will go toWashington, D. C, where she wijlmatriculate at Miss Madena sschool: Young. Mr. uiay win attend a New York institution uilearning.Miss Eleanor Lytle, daugnter ofMr. and Mrs. Omar G. Lytle, is aIrmtiP.nt at the AiaSSie lueuwua.of hf.r hnmo. "Airane. m wuuu-ford county: Miss Lena Withers,of Lexington, and her guests, MissTess Walton, of Kansas City, Mo.,Miss Edith Eerryman, Miss MarjoryCox, of Lexington; Messrs. LouisDesCognets, Jr., Milton Revill,Charles Allen Thomas, James Toddand Jack Berry, of Lexington, andJohn Murray, of Kansas City, Mo.(Other Personals on Page 3)oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret itCarpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON (LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)OFCASHforOld Furniturestove:s,carpets, rugs andall kinds of householdand kitchen furnitureWe both buy and sell. Ourplace of business, is in the DowBuilding, opposite Windsor Hotel. We have anumber of bargains already on hand. Call us'up. Cumberland phone 1056.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.THE FAIR !A BIGk, FRIDAY AND SATURDAYSALE:SOME WONDERFUL VALUES:Many of the orthodox faith went .jjospltal, :n this city, where shev Lexington, where appropriate ser- )i-dn(ierwent a successful operationr-s were held in tne Maryiami f removal of tonsils weauwjemie Temple. Qne of the mostbfrutiful features of the ceremonialf' ervance of Yom Kippur is thePaging of of "Kol Nider," perhapsj, ' - " -" ' - - ilium ,i.i.i " " --nf most 'ancient and solemn song of .,, :e rpStirfu comfortaoly.vihersal confession and atone-' . q T. Wagoner, well-knownJ'cnt for sins of the Hebrew peoxn. and lad its origin in Biblical' ne.anPRISONER IS RELEASEDDelmar Ale'xander, the young featUre of the table decorations wasWhite Cups and Saucers. 95c set. J25c Nail Files, 12c.25c Ciystal Engraved Gas Globes,17c.Bleached Paper Napkins. 25c per300.Fine Quality Needles, 2 packages15c. -10c Thimbles, all sizes5c.Ammonia, per bottle 10cU8c lue and Gold Cuspidors,69c. ,10-inch. Columbia Records 67c.Kitchen Utensils, Big Assortment,oW-ti'me dinner, spread on tabjos only 10cofmi n(inn nr'lK TIHI-morning, me "pwuuu """ ,fvformed by Drs. Stern and Daugherty. Miss Lytle rallied' nicelyfrom .the effects or wie, uyei .-r. u omiTit-ir farmer, celebratedi, fifiAth nnniversary of his birthlast Sunday at his home near Spears" J . ' r. t i.nrAr nfMill. About nity guusu iian. -i. ai. -u. iioac mi me lavvu. -tkXVaJIII I I lt-ilU1 iJCUcav" w.-"lllto to.r. J i. TTTir nrtiiTlfV ! 1 r.n1ra dAP.nrated WJtll fltt","; ,"li,- l'eu '" vy W"TAI. x U5C""?r T n nlftture oLtitiit f.H.iiuicn. J3. t3r x-nd brought "back to Paris by Chiefof Police Link, in company with the"voung man's father, was releasedfrom custody, after a hearing here.Alexander, who vas given employment at the home ' of ChasArnoM. a North Middletown farmer,ifn te place after taking with hinisqme wiring apparel and a gpWraTrh belonp-ins: to his employer.Arnold's machine wap found withia, oecomWv was onade by photo-oranher John H. Doty, of Paris.JL Mrs. Wade Hampton Whitleyc-ntertained Tuesday ftternoOT- ather home on Vine street, with a-fucheon-bridge,in honor"-nSrried to-tmorrow at noon in ISex-S35Sf t Mr, 2v?rt&r MTicTnn-H.icui. a -OL iua"- ' ,nA -,.beautifully uecoiLcu ,Page,the tWcc Moon r. if Xvwr o tnlfp.., CIO.TUCU 0.0 IU UJ "- """' l,nlP WaS DeaUtllUll w;w -- -.o for the evident object of Prevent-. 0"1ion alid . seven tables, ofpursuit. He was traced and fin- e ""-njo'y ed the afternoon tpally located near Campion, in Wolfe' uunty. in crdr to secure his prisoner, Chief Link was compelled toJde horseback part of the way, andw wait thirteen, miles over a' narplayers enjoy"the unncsur;r.Kioc The capital prize, acl" .r,d- crackers- service, wavriiecac - . -.a oiioimiK luncneouunnc "-" cTPd at theof -substantia woEnamels, Oak, Walnut, etc., 25c canat 19c. . 'Mouse Traps, 3 for 5c.,-Jelly Tujmblers'35c doz.Blue Seal Vaseline, Special 15c.10c Talcum Powder, 3 boxes for190.35c Roll Toilet Paper, Special"25c.A Big "Table in rear loaded downwith Big Merchandise and ,Big Values and all plainly price markedfor your inspection, and at a' priceto suit your purse. These goodsmust be sold to make room for ourChristmas' Stock now arriving, forthat reason only, we are reducingdhe price.TWO BIG DAY&-TO-DAY.- ,T0-M0BE0W. ., -THEEAIRAND.mmmmmREMAINDERSIMONS STOCK!S BEING SOLD OUTGoods are being priced as never be-re,f.s''ACome and get your "" share of theargains. i J- j .VwWatch for our ad in the nexl issue of;this paper. ' -ffkI132! ILiv IjmC wf w1 S jSt 4 ill! SMO NPAJR3S, KENTUCKYjmtmwfW!fUmff' ,JTgfflM3 nEBgSPaiMB BmBm-mmIt is Our Earnest Desire toImpress Upon You the Fact jThat There is No Time Like OurMil - s.s . kIB ivsColymbiadrafanolasSEPTEMBERCASH SALETo SecureFurnishingsYour Houseat Such Ad-vantageous Pricesare the only TalkingMachines that areequipped with aNon-SetAutomatic Stop.Why not buy the best?ColumbiaRecordsin all the latest musical and novelty records., We are offering a straight 20 per cent cash discountfor SEPTEMBER ONLY. This discount is taken fromour REGULAR PRICES, and our goods are NOT.MARKED UP to meet the discount.In other words, THIS IS A STRAIGHTOUT PROPOSITION, four-squafe up ,4one side and down tthe other!There are only a f ew days leftof our September Cash SaleTHE J. T. flINTOK CO.EITHERPHONE 36,waiK tsirtcea mUee over af -Br- ". r -Mri. .payette -Ar5ery. , ',. - , - -v. MiU.row ruage railr01d. cfe L jdJ . . THP'FAIR --ito ..j,"lptor.-.,..- PARIS, KENTUCKY . SIXTH ANO MAWt -Motor Bar58 Motor Inyattd Cocfa UndertaMnff'-r4" J1vim -!1t Am.Off:- ,yz'MxKr' ,v141P& j2. 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, ig2() WPAGE SIX1mn.tii-AmitifJfwuIIiiP:&1s;Bf v"..AJCiH rfcaf CoZrf WfACASGARA P QUININEFORColds, Coughs8?ANDLa GrippeNeglected Colds are DangerousTake no chances. Keep this standard remedyiandy for the first sneeze.Breaks up a cold in 24 hours RelievesGrippe in 3 days Excellent for HeadacheQuinine in this form does not affect the head Cascara is best TonicLaxative No Opiate in Hill's.ALL DRUGGISTS SELL ITDECREASE IN FOOD PRICES ISRECORDED.NEW 'AND GOOD ROADSWonderful progress is being madein constructing a great network ofgood roads throughout the country.The. needs of commercial interests,of tourist, as well as the farmer,MONEY BRCKwithout question if Hunt's Sal vfails in the treatment of Eczema,Tetter,Rincworm,Itch,etc. Don'tbecome discouraged because othertreatments failed. Hunt's Salvehas relieved hundreds of suchcases. You can't lose on ourMoney Back Guarantee. Tryit at our risk TODAY. Price 75c.For sale locally byhave been consulted in designingthis system. It has long been xleproach that American roads wereinferior to xiiose of most Europeancountries, but this condition ofaffairs is no being corrected. In1916 the Government appropriated$75,000,000 to be spent in five installments, the last of which,which, ajmounting to $25,000,000,was to be released July 1, 3 919, andthis has since been increased by anadditional $200,000,000. Up to May1 of this jeai plans had been approved for building 27,976 miles ofroad, or nine times .the distance fromNew York to San Francisco and ofthis 13,540 were actually underconstruction.For Sale byLDruggist,OBERDORFER,Paris, Ky.In spite of all the night schools,there are still people who speak of"price" and "value" as if theymeant the same thing.the costis smallIn benefitisyyVgreatI utTdTmmiTnUii xlNSTANT.fi. POSTUMA BEVERAGErude of different parts of Wheatend a small portion of Molasses-A.emCTvtoPostum Cereal Company.eATIltCtK.MlCM,USA. -.gfctT WEIGHT EIGHT OUNCES. JThose who feelill results from tea orcoffee drinking soonprofit by a change toF7KInstant postumIIts pleasing flavor, ease ofpreparation, healthfulness .andpractical economy commend this table beverage.Sold in 50 and 100 cup tins.A purchase from your grocersoon proves"There's a Reason"Made by Postum Cereal Co., Inc., Battle Creek, Mich.SCHOOL DAYS!School is now a matter ofdays.The youngsters will soon betrudging to and from school.'They must be properly clothed, sfor they cannot do good schoolwork unless they wear comfortable and well-fitting clothes.And their clothing must bemade of long wearing materialto stand hard knocks and scuffs.t We are specialists in Boys'Clothing and Shoes.Boys' Suits$7.50 to $18.50lVYTf VfeA0 p-i. ' i. Sf . "V" -HHfj.$4.00 to $7.50-.K'SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"x r . iWASHINGTON, Sept. 23. Twenty-sevenof the forty-three standardarticles going into the Americanfamily market decreased in pricesbetween July 15 and August 15.In making this announcement theBureau of Labor Statistics madepublic figures showing that during jthe thirty-day period ending witn tnemiddle of August the retail price ofpotatoes fell 44 per cent, and theprice of cabbage decreased 41 percent.The drop in sugar prices is placedat 14 per cent. Most kinds of meatdecreased in price.Eggs advanced 11 per cent in pricein the period named. With the exception of eggs, and of pork chops,which increased 5 per cent, the increases in other foodstuffs were 2per cent or less.Indications that the decline in foodprices levels was general is to be seenin statistics showing that each of the51 cities covered by the survey reported decreases. Minneapolis ledwith a decrease of 11 per cent, withits neighbor, St. Paul, second, witha ten-per-cent decline. Detroit wasthird with a nine-per-cent decrease.Decreases in other cities follow:Eight per cent., Chicago, Cleveland,Indianapolis, Kansas City, Milwaukee, Omaha, Peoria, and Springfield,HI.; seven per cent. Denver andMemphis; six per cent, Butte, Cincinnati, Columbus, Newark, NewYork, Philadelphia, Pittsburg. St.Louis, Salt Lake City and Seattle;five per cent, Buffalo, Dallas, FallRiver, Louisville, Manchester, N. H.,Rochester and Washington; four percent, Atlanta, Boston, Houston, LosAngeles, Mobile, New Haven, Portland, Maine, Portland, Ore., Providence, San Francisco, Savannahand Scranton; three per cent, LittleRock, New Orleans and Norfolk; twoper cent, Jacksonville and Richmondand one per cent, Charleston, S. C.Ten of 14 representative industries :showed a decrease in the number ofemployees on fhe pay roll in August,as compared with July, the Departsment of Labor's Bureau of Labor1Statistics reported in an industrialsurvey made public today.Figures on which the comparisonwas made were obtained from identical establishments.The number of employees in theautomobile manufacturing industrydecreased 10 per cent in August, ascompared with July. Other largedecreases were 6 per cent in thewoolen industry and 5 per cent in theleather, hosiery and underwear industries.Increases of 3.5 per cent and 1.5pe. cent were shown in car build-ing and repairing and in paper mak- jing. , iAs compared with July, the pay jroiis in AURusc snowea decreases inmine industries and increases in five.wmmmmmmmmmrmmmammmmmmmmmmH HIBl l HI-.-.-I LEMON JUICEfFOR FRECKLES! Girls! lake beauty lotion Tora few cents Try It!....,....iSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of orchard white, .shake welJand you will have a quarter pint ofthe best freckle and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands eachday and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, softand rosy-white the skin becomes.Yes! It is harmless and never 1mtates. (adv-tf-F)A substantial holder for a pailwhich can not be kicked over by acow being milked has been patentedby a Californian.oFor aid time's sake, why doesn'tsome antiquarian or humanitarianput in a brass rail at a soda fountain?KUIfJLl-IT'K'I? BiJLMM.M M.M.M. t -fEVENINGS&amzv-x; 1-jkwBit ?tJJust HistoryxIn 76The Colonial Dame .Spun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright ,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was lit -ByflickeriHe: Gas.But the srirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has FJectric iight.Announcement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main StreetsPlease call at our store andhear theAeolian Vocalion RecordsONGraduola MachinesRecords receivedSmonthly.' Five hundred to select! from.E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Sole Agents for Paris and Bourbon CountyLo.mui79Q.&iy 3m , 1Enllcn cfSathjadioiUICKEn5lmof$aM&at(DQURENESS of operation,o- power for hard, fasttravel. over all kinds of roads, capacity to stand up, are developed to the highest degreei n th e n e w Nineteen TwentyOne Buick Series.;For trvo decades, Brack eap r. ecrs have built Buick canon these sensible lines forbuyers who look upon themotor car as a businessutility.Each of the new mpdels isequipped with the Buickvalve-in-head motor? 7guarantee of power andpositive performance.With its capacity for service,Buick combines -strikingbeauty. In resilience ofspring suspension and appointments that make forriding comfort the newmodels are especiallyappealing.In the new Buick three passenger roadster, you willfind a car which meets everyrequirement for sure, swift,comfortable transportationfor every business man.IE"fitMr--li WkThe C. S. Ball GarageCor. fourth and Pleasant Sts.WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMCould She Carry Them?While I was putting my hat andcoat on my little hoy asked me' whereI was goingphnd I told him that I wasgoing to get seats for the circus. Hesaid, "Mamma, can you carry' them?"Exchange.JrWaddcH'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedn until you have tried Dr. Waddeli'aPA Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to gnre absolute satisfaction 'ormoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at your,rfraggUt If not write us.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetIIII Visi 'sl 3-aBKsVavSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.'m rmum:CLOTfllNe AND SHOE DFP'T.IMedicuieCoJISnaftfsGroVeJfeli.1fXThe Bourbon,I;aundrrSA.U t619 Main M StreetI1 1 ' '4L. WOLL$TitlN9 ropiUtrf ..-f VPariGa$& Electric Co.r.' y.wkr . . ...BROOKS & SNTPP.H&4 -vrrg,-te'r-I,j;Pari9,Ktucky -m"j? v-f f.i. o hv&-. - wTFBlpY SLPTExMBER. 24, 120,."-'if.THIir.. BQURBON NEWr PARIS," KgNTXTCRY-j, jx V fK i:-i. ..i -m , t .!. ,' 'frytr.Vw -l' "TYTVT TNAriTFw- . V.Hixxiii nu-xuitfci OF CROWDEDHOUH'ji'Jjn SCHOOLSSyjfr 1 0ftrub.? ffiff J7 11 1 fiWs -- i I I nil ?.TSlenderizingdie Full Figureh -ire of ncay or medium1 - vou will find thatSS&rVSSSIffr. l . mWWHMMMmsi'srs &? vtw' -jhhhii a i. v a v a bdStf if,i&B&SfflMHftf mwirltaBBly ' mSmshhiyffiyHBgyCWfl'TgnPWfp r oe nam wjmmv&siA ftKH.;".i:&aiAiMKa .h?- " V-rV"'K 7J 'HHMWMfe-T"J &$rir: ?$Sfck pr: 7.R J 3 T.i"i give you comfort and a.rim graceful figure.Of especial appeal to the largewoman is the strong belt webbing over the abdomen andthe reinforced back and hiplines. Rengo Corsets growold gracefully." Youth, beauty and charm are coming halfvr&y to meej: you. The Rengois scientifically made for fullfigured women.Rengo Corsets are economically priced from '$3 to $10Frank & Co.i-iviUMAruK ivr.t Sept. 23 A.one-room frame siloolhouse.One little woman teacher,.Seatu for thWi . miT,;ic 'by sixty. ' VM "-! -iu st's and rQRV or room crowde'ij with boys standing, availing ttusr'turns to recite., -M.a?y ?ther boys and girls outsidethe ouliiing to exchange places with'thoFesiantJmrr jns:do v.len anothe., t'Ja.-s isr a-l-dj This is a true picture of mndifirmcm one district in Pu!aski County,tvi.CLC xuo pupus are attending asqhool, the enrollment of which never, before exceeded sixty and the attendance never equaled half the enrollment. The present attendance is twomore than the census gives the district. The new compulsory attendance law is the cause.People of the district are demanding thai the county school authoritiesprovide ticconnnodatior.:: for aP thePfils and furnish another teacVr.The big ou-vdenrc is ui-ed as a stt'dvroom during good weather. Therewon't be standing room inside if theattendance keeps up after the snowxato,TVnc: onnli-f-ii-vT-. iV 4-: i j? tj -"- -uiiuu 10 tpiuai oi ruralxventucKy tins year as the result ofthe new compulsory attendance law.The teacher shortage, as for as it related to school districts, largely hasbeen overcome, but now both accommodations and the number of teachers are inadequate for the increasedenrollment. Nearly every rural county, State Superintendent GeorgeColvin said, can duplicate Pulaski'sexperience.The problem now is to hold theattendance. One teacher can notteach a hundred nunils. rpnvpspnfino.j a half dozen or more grades. Evenuaiiy consolidation of districts witha well equipped central building, twoor more teachers and a Vms t TimiVthe children is the solution. Vip coii-but the State and County schoolneacis are worrying about what to dowith the children this year.oJapan has a shipbuilding yardstill in operation which was established more than 1,900 years ago.OThe to-wn of Digiiy, France, wasreduced in population from 10,000to 1,500 by a plague in 1629.20-1iCatarrh Can Be CuredCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. . Ittherefore requires constitutional treatpeat. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofwe System. HALL'S CATARRHfcmL,i.Mi, destroys the foundation oftoe disease, gives the patient strength byimproving the general health and assistsnature in doing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio,(adv-sept)1 Give vour childclean, healthy hairS Shampoo regularly with Wild- 3iuui JL.14UIU ouampoo ooap. a5 Cleanses perfectly, yet does 3S not make hair and scalp harsh hS ana dry as most soap does. " h- xviaae Dy the makers or Wildroot riair 1 onicWlUffiSHAMj 1Soli av4 Guaranteed byBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.EE.-.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.I?1WE MAKE THIS .OFFERPaint half your house DEVOE; paint the otherhalf whatever you like.If DEVOE doesn't take fewer gallons and costless money, we Will make no charge forDEVOEIf DEVOE doesn't wear a year." or two or threeyears longer longer and better we'll, giveyuu enougn to paini it again,THE J. T. HIJNTON CO,PARIS. KY.JBXf III19201 V- v -Look at theroads for twentu milesaround on a Sundai)Select your tire3 according to the roadsthey have to travel:' In sandy or hilly country, wherever the goingis aot to be heavy TheU. S. Nobby.For ordinary countryroads The U. S. Chainor Usco.For front wheels TheU. S. Plain.For best resultseverywhere U. S.Royal Cords.SS BB tfir Hir "Jo(Wi CORD NOBY CHAIN USCO FLAW"&.!W xTHERE isn't any "country"any rriore. The automobile has brought the mostremote settlement almost asclose to the center- of thingsas the next county was inthe old days.To hear some tire dealerstalk you might think thatnobody knew anything abouttires except the fellow fromBroadway.That's not the basis wego on.We give every man creditfor knowing what he isspending his money on,whether he drives up herein his small car from tenmiles out in the country oris passing through from thecapital in his limousine.IIIThat's one thing we likeabout U. S. Tires.They make no distinctionbetween the small carowner and the owner of thebiggest car in the country.It's all the' same to them.So long as a man owns anautomobile large or smallhe's entitled to the verybest tire they can give him.Quality has always beenthe outstanding feature ofU. S. Tires. There's nolimit on the U. S. guarantee.All U. S. Tires are guaranteedfor the life ofthefireIVWe have given a lot ofthought to this tire proposition. There is some advantage in being the represcntativesof the oldest and largestrubber concern in the world.Drop in the next timeyou're down this way andlet us tell you some interesting facts about tires.United States TiresNN. H. TAYIOE, ManagerTIRE AND VULCANIZING CO.BOTH PHONES 602 R. C. BUGGIESfi 'JssIISHEEMAN'S LUCKOn a muddy creek bank in a slipperyplace,The lonely old fisherman sat, 'With a frowning grin on his sunburnt faceUnderneath a tattered old .hat.dow with its cross bors as picturedon the retina. It is claimed that bya similar photographic process thelast picture or ipnage retained bythe eye of a dead man or animal maybe preserved.aIf men would boss themselves theyvirMilrl Vct fror nf all n.Viov Vincaoa.... . .. I """ "- '-. " " U"V1 "Wi-Mere ne naa been since the peep of j mday,i In tho glare of the hot, broilinjsun;H had feltway.But of fish not a single one.thousand bites in aAt last he gathered in his pole andline;How, he felt he just didn't tell,Only thfit I heard him savagelywhine,"Wish them darned 'skeeteis va3in .. , oAN EYE CAMERAThe smallest came a in the worldwhich has actually "taken" picturesis doubtless the eye of the frog. Ithas been found that if tho frog i1-ept in 'the dark for some time theretina of the eye on being dissectedi? found to have a purple reddishTO EVERY READERThere is no pure herb tamily medicine in the world today that can equalthe power and give such grand resultsin regulating the bowels, stimulatingthe liver, flushing and cleansing thekidneys, sweetening the stomach ' orpurifying and enriching the bloodthanBULGARIAN iEADThose whq, suffer with stomacn,liver, kidney, rheumatism or. bloodtroubles will find Bulgarian Blood Teathe best medicine to relieve and -cor-! rect these ailments. It is wonderfulhow quick you will begin. to pick upand be your old-time self again.During the 191S-19-20 influenza epidemic Bulgarian Blood Tea was usedby countless thousands of suffererswith marvelous success and millionsI of people took it steaming hot to prejent ana wara cS me disease.As a general first aid family medi-j wint; ii j.ia.o iiu cijuai ciuu every personWE HAVE ON DISPLAY.and can make IMMEDIATE "DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents ;No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.dolor which fades away or becomes. should have a box constantly on handbleached on exposure to dav liaht. fm: nnv pmprp-pnnv tn vni nrMa oiio,,If the eye be placed in front of a fevers and guard against influenza,window and left .there or "exposed" pneunioriia or other serious sickness,for some time, and then fixed in a And all mothers and fathers of famfour. percent .solution cf alum the , Hies should apply at 6nce to their drugoptogram is partially fixed and re- sist or grocer for a trial box of Bulga-fnlna a-n nrailfid taJoho F Vio wir 1'iaU BlOOd Tea.Cumberland Phone 78JunelSSiuPARIS, KENTUCKYBourbon Peed Mfg.U D. MITCHELLSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellCo.HAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of theMines.Call In While We Have Plenty- r.-jjfji: :3"., .wFvvat'f ?-3,i-"' -.rt-.VIn41?1a -v 1-. -'ivr'fs:.HSjL-u--iVT7" K?'-:f-- . . . . - . . vr - - -.. iet V -.. Jf- tr - . !.. . , , . . ' r . . , " NtV----- W" White Naphtha - WpiMI BwtI 11 pk 1IWi 1 IfTHE BEST OF- A.H.L Sery co. !f- I 'r & -:1 .11IfiIS Iil1IN11'hiisVrK! .Mi, - -1.-4Iu-fsi5r. -bV-Jf,.i ft - nPt&.Ai' ,wnwif 4? ,f" .VI,.-. -.a-as..aa.,. daughter, Mise Carolyn Mclntyrc, I . .C Vt 'XTillAclov P.nllAP-A wliprfk slip 1v. num?DcnTTDr: has entered. I, N .... . . I T. Judy are improving- nicely. Mr.r " - V -' -' -' -' W f ''''2jev. and Mrs. J. D. Ied. ofSfATrodpriirsr. were guests of friends3xe Wednesday.M. M. I. opened Monday with an3roI linen t o twenty-seven. OtherstrSI enter later.Rev. Sidney Venablo andTHE PICK S. M. Allen and J.T. Judy are improving nicely. Mr.Allen has been out riding severaltidies. Mr. M. M. Bowles is not so jwell. Mesdanies Clara' Shanks, Fan-jiie Norton and Anna Darnell continue abotit the same.Mrs. Thomas E. Rogers anddaughter. Miss Charlotte Rogers, !Ato thankforn j-vsho have been the guests of MrsJ.U1LU. . ,, , ,. J-,- lPt.aPr, of Campbellsbur. are guests of . DfcfV- iU; ""' y , -, ".-V 7 'TQftikr parents, Mr. and Mis. James Thrfidf or a.1ve?58fn V1S1 ! 1Zyl . lives -at Maysville, before reJLarnmgMisses Matie and Sailie Mcln- LU luSJi """I3 t "", ----. .a tc f t,o,-,. ciotar jNUTiUiu we wis-n.Tr ManrSue Hood, at Elizaville," I oa Inencfe oi Millersburg and L vitaff(,r cinitv for their liberal patronageaeiUa. -L.:,, 1, ,.,;.v ? r.m- now o-r.-Mrs. Adah McClintock has re- ""- l"c v"& p ;;; jtttried after several-weeks' visit cfy- A S(luFe deal to every oneher dauehter. Mis. Turner Perry, at a reabunaLie price is oiu aim.: Clwinville Sincerely,-MVT. 1 Cray, will return to- ( H.7ANS CASK STOREfeffrom Louisville, where he ha? I " " : T i r- T vr-iSrai in attendance at the State Talbot t will ue-interred m the , MilIZr . ..r i, u:.- 1 v lersburs Cenetory. Tucsaay after-tttrUVciLLiuiL L liic viniauiiin uiiuiv,u. - - -noon. iir. laiDoit was uuin ncctiA-IGSG(OPERA HU$tA J2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30' Ivlr. and Mrs. B. F. Lancaster.&Z Povinirion, are guests of their.-tew?Tlier and sister, Mr. and Mrs.Stassell Mitchell.Mr. R. P. Milam and Miss Maryearner will leave to-day for theirlersbuajspent.'Cemetery, this -after-.Vhena young ma he wasunited in marriage to Miss Eliza-, beth Ross, of Mason county, wheiche has Miice lesided, on the farm ofSome in Atlantar Ga., after a Visit ' ner late rainer, . ut. ".t& Mi-s. Y M. Miller. j Marshall Station. Mr. Talbott diedlast ouuaay oi a i-uhjijuuuxiuii vlMrs. 0. M. Adams and littleKUghter will leave to-day for theirSome at Tennill, Ga., after spend2CJT the summer with. Mrs. W. M.SKIIer.Mr. -ind Mrs 0. M. Johnson3ef Thursday for a two-weeks' soyonvn at Dry Ridsre. They will bemd by Mr, R. 0.ataysille.-Mesdames C. C. Hopper, ofMaysville, T. P. Hopper, R. P."opper, and Airs. Hildreth, of MaysTfk, were guests of Mrs. Ashby3L- Tuesdajr.Hev. W. W. Morton and Mrs.X A. Butler attended the fall meetgig: of the Ebenezer Presbytery of.-&e Southern Presbyterian church,t Mayslick, Jast week.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mcln tyreacre taking in Washington, New"TrI. a-nd other Eastern points.Wv left lest week with their!Mosquitoesand RatsHow To GetRid of TbemiI ' We have the goods. Something entirely t different from. . what you have been using.Give, us a call.VARDEN & SONrPrescription Druggists.THE REXALL STOREBoth. Phones Paris,. Ky.Box Candies!of adiseases. For many years he has"been an influential citizen of Masoncounty. He is suivived by his wife,several children, and one sister,Mrs. Tiios. Myers, of Detroit, Mich.DIMMETT Our community wasshocked Tuesday evening, when itChambers, of ' was learned that Mrs. D. L. Dinimettnaa aiea .eany m me uciuuuu,while out at her frm, one milesouth of town. Mrs. Dimmett wasbout sixty-six years old. She hadbeen in failing health for the pasttwo yeais, but her condition wasnot thought to be critical previousto her death. She and her husbandleft their home about tvo p. m.,Tuesday, for their farm, one milesouth of town. She was busy gathering apples, getting out fruit jarsand doing other things about theplace. About 3 30 she complainedof not feeling well, and said shewould go up stairs and lay down fora while, while Mr. Dimmett wasout on the farm to look after otherbusiness He returned about 5:4?to the house and on going to therocan found her dead. (.Airs. Dimmett wis formerly MisoAmerica Doty, and wa3 one of alarge family of children. A portionof her early life was spent in Masoncounty. She married wen a youngwoman to a Mr." Nichols, w.'th whomshe did not live Jong. For a number of years after she washousekeeper for Mr. Dinwiddy McKee, and while serving in this capacity, was united in .marriage toMr. John McNamara. Tney continued to reside with Mr. McKee onhis farm, ore tmilesoatk of Millersburg, which place she owned atthe time of her death Abouttwenty years ago Mr.' iMCisamaradied after a brief .illness of pneumonia. Their union was blessedwith one daughter, Miss LouiseBruce McNamara, now Mrs. J. D.Calhoun, who survives her. Shortlyafter the death of Mr. McNamara.Mr. McKee died, bequeathing tothem a large part of his estate.. In1904 Mio. McNamara was united inmarriage tc Mr. P. L. Dimmett, ofMaysville. They continued to resideon their farm until the fall of 1919.when thev purchased the hojme ofMr. G. T. Hill, and after remodelingit moved to it from their farm, andhave since resided there.The funeial took place Thursdajat 4:00 p. m., from ber late residence, with services by Dr. C. C.Fisher, of the M. C. Interment inMillersburg Cemetefry. For a number of ears Mrs. Dimmett was amcrnher of the Presbyterian church.However, a number of year. ago. sheunited with the Baptist church, ofwhich she was a member at the timeof her death.oTO-DAY, FRIDAYConstance Binneyin "39 East"A play of New York boarding houselife with the talented Realart star appearing in, the title role.Alsa Warner Oland and Eileen Percyin "The Third Eye"AND ROLIN COMEDY"THE HOME STRETCH"Tomorrow, SaturdayTHOS. H. INCEPresents His Specially Supervised Production"Dangerous Hours"' A gigantic drama about youAbout you and your jobYou and your wifeYou and your home. . 'Human, dramatic, spectacular:Star cast. A Paramount Picture.All-In Addition:Harold Lloyd in "Haunted Spcoks"MONDAY AND TUESDAYSEPTEMBER 27th AND 28thA Benjamin B. Hampton ProductionROY STEWARTin "Riders of the Dawn".A photoplay of. the novel, "The Desertof Wheat," by Zane Grey.The great adventure where love andthe law prove mightier, than the rope.IN ADDITION MONDAYPathe Review and -Capitol ComedyIn Addition TuesdayFirst Episode of "Trailed By Three"And Pathe Newsji j m Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cAtimiSSlOIi! Children and Gallery 18c plu& 2c war tax.... 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningMATRIMONIAL.BIRTHS.2T'"5'$"g;'fSj'8a4usfliJ.L3iiiMiH-miJwjJONES WRIGHTMr. and Mis. Pelham Jones, oMillersburg, have announced theengagement of their daughter, Mis?Alma Duke Jones, to Mi. HomerWright, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga. Kcmurriage will be solemnized inMillersburg in November. MissJones is one of Millersburg's mostatti active and accomplished youngwomen. By her charpiing personal-lty and amiable disposition she has jendeared herself to a host of friends, iShe is an accomplished musician jand is a graduate -of the MillersbiirgCollege. Mr. Wright is an agricultuial extension specialist connectedwith th Georgia State College ofAgriculture, and a young nun'oi:,line character and ability.To the wife of Silas Mattox, ofnear Paris, a son, christened SilasDaugherty Mattox. iNear Centerviller to the wife o?Dee Hume, a son, christened Elmer fKenney HumeT Mrs. Hupie wasformerly Miss Myrtle Wood, of Lex- !ington. ' iMonday , ' September 20, to the!wife of Mr. John W. Oakley, a son,chrisenfd John Walter Oakley, Jr.Mts. Oakley was . former y MissVella, Masl-n.lAttention; Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have the aGENUINE: ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, givenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on themarket.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseICumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257,aM.gmM!.--.,..!..ROBERTS NICKELLParis friends of the bride learned yesterday of the .inarrfage ofMiss Bettie Jane Roberts, of Paris,and Prof. Clarence Nickell, ot"Berea, which took place at the residence of Mr. H. L. Tune, in Winchester, on September 4. Theceiemony was performed in the presence of friends of the brideby Rev.Mr. Ford, pastor of the WinchesteiChristian .church: The . youngcouple kept Their marriage a secretuntil yesterday, for reason, of theirown.Mrs. Nickell during her residencein Paris, was a metmber of the nuising stall: at the Massie MemorialHospital, leaing bhool 'at Midwayto take the course in nursing at theMassie Memorial Training School forNurses. After leaving Paris she, wasa nurse at the Robinson Hospital,in Berea, where she men Pi of Nickell, hei fuime -husband. He is amember of the faculty in the Noimal Department at Beiea College,and is an educator of high intellectual attainments. The bride if acharming petite orunette, who madea large circle of warm friends hereby her aimiable disposition and personal-charms.SCHOOL SHOESOF QUALITY FOR BOYS AND GIRLSSpecially Low PricedMothers, now is the time to buy your School Shoes atour Money Saving Prices and have the boys and girlscorrectly shod at economy pricesExtraordinary Values for This WeekHUBBARD ADAIR- We carrv a full line4itoii'& Famous- Chocolates in assort-' & Nuts, in Iv Cream Nut, Fruit and, Hard Certer Chocolates.WHO nave not awenueu w iiai-,b.ird of Jacksonville, Florida.ins VOUl taxes had best take j formerly resided in Paris.Jnnovation Assortment,Quintette Package Supreme.Fascination Choeomtes,That Package,Friad Extiaordinary, 'Milk Chocolates,..Dutch But tei sweets.y .All at $1.50 per hox.Miss Holladay's Famous"iade Candies, in 1 and 2K)xes'for Sundays only.Price, $1.25 per pound.o John- warnjn2 nd attend to this im-i -mediately, as we are expectinga large rush toward the last andyou may not be able to getwaited upon. You will pleasegive this your attention and letus see you immediately.Yours truly,WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy. :(sept21-tf)Home-poundBOURBON MAN IN RACING ASSC-S0CIATI0N.I bredR. J. SHEA 1a meeting. of -the ThoroughHorse Association, held iuLexington, Wednesday night, Edward F. Priehard. of Paiis. was admitted to'-meoibership. The Association wnl o.i record a? being opposed to ra-cir-g being held on theNew Orl-Baiis track daring the Len-on season.-PEOPLES' PHARMACYcs-eo,Announcement, cards that created a ripple of surprise among- i ifinii . 1 1 1 ir-. -i i i v r- v ni r: rrt.r:i w Vj .TAXPAYERS, IMPORTANT. nere yesterday morning, in whichThe 1st Of October is draw- were announcea tne marriage oi vr.: .,M. M.r lnrl thAc nf vnu ' Jonn Adaii. of Green Cove Springs,ing very nearjand those ot you., Ule West Hub.BothThecard? read as follows:"Dr. John Ray Adaii 'and Mrs.Sailie West Hubbaid announce theirm.unagc on Monday, ihe 20thof September, nineteen hundredand, twenty, Jacksonville, Florida.'"WU be A -Home atter the twenty-fifth of September, Gr.-en- Cov.Springs, Florida."Dr. Adair is a popular andhighly-estepmed dental- surgeon, a,native of Bombon coifiity. ')He was locFtede'for many years in (Paris, having an office On Broadway. 'in the rooms over the former homeotTHE InEWS. which weie foryeaisoqcupied by the late Dr. John T. Mc-'Millan. Dr. Adair by his genial andamiable disposition made and held alarge circle of warm fiiends who.unite whh THE NEWS in congratulatk-S htjin upon his choice of ahelpmate. His bride was formeily,Miss SaPie Wilcox, daughter of th3late Mr. and Airs. John W. Wilcok. i! of Pan? an a sister ot j.wara-Wilcox and Mrs. J. Hooker Stiver,of Paris, and Jas. Wilcox, ol Day-tona. Florida. She has been 'twice.maiVied. her late husband, Mr.W. C. JHubbard conducting 'a mercantilebefore mpv-j The' Japanese tennis ball is flatitened momentarily when hit. whicha peculiar jiook ,orJ?nakes it lak'Paris, If. sharp "hend. 'jtBoys' Sturdy School Shoes, every - pair constructed' to stand hard wear, made in Englishlasts as well as broad foot form styles, a$5.00 value. Sizes 1 to 5 1-2.!TPEC,AL S3.49Boys' Extra Good Wear Tan and Gun MetalEriftlish Shoes.Sizes 2 1-2 to 6 at.Sizes 13 1-2 to 2 at-$4.95Little Gents' Tan and1 Gun Mstal Shoes, extragood quality $4.00 values, sizes 10 to 13 1-2., SPECIALAT$2B99Misses' and Children's Gun Metal EnglishLace Boots, also broad toe form lasts, $4.00values, all sizes 9 o 2.ATwZB99Misses' and Children's $3.50 button and laceSchool Shoes, all sizes.gf1: $2.49Misses' and Children's $5.00 values Eng'lishiiace .Boots in vici kid, gun .metal and tan.SPECIALATS3.49LAST WEEK!FHnal Clean-Up Sale of All RemainingOxfords and Shoes. - Now oh sale atalmost half price. Look them over.DAN COHEN'J business in Lexigton, befci'l&ns tQ Florida .,I W! -V i-V ' ' .: IIALs sib yVf; h. ii: , : 1- 1Paris' Greatest Shog StoreWhcr? lkautyjmd Economy RcinA: 9i I1JJ"rs:C"hzih j&-k:54lL- ..f.f S.ii-&icv-r. lj r;5.kttH,t " --r v avjt rV. m. $'Vz & i.W"VLvJi .V "?'rt3&rrsiv iCfc, t, mj-i'L'rf -.. -rtff -?"wvTi.HiffrHst??A'-- -.t K i.,!.. - r-5yt?"Jsa' jr: 'i?.t..v. 'Sn. x&- "S.aV . ' "f-rc vf.C W7 JSV ,. V.. .Ji-- i-.$. t3,fkX:LiJsJM'iii i"w ?n, s- .1 r ' t x. -. ...v. r'jReJjki"'fvmgssm;tje-4" 1 "aii-e., :s : -c ,t ' j; ";;4m;vV;:Jjgi. v. -- T-F-. r,. t.' i 1A$mum&&&&iMWky' ' ' h