-tTHENEWSMPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1920BOURBONK03'S EFFORTS TO LYNCH HUE-3ERER COSTS FIVE IIVES.One of the bloodiest chapters inIslington's history, caused by an effort of a mob to secure the person ofWill Lockett, negro assailant of littie Geneva Hardman, was writtenyesterday. In the ensanguinedchapter deaths of Ave person andtfc- wounding of nineteen was one ofthe leading parts played in the affair. Crowds of people filled the streetsof Lexington at an early hour yesterday morning, when the news besome know-n that Locke tt had beenbirisht there at four o'clock fortrial. The mutterings of the mob?rctaiized into action when theysurged up the court house steps inan attempt to take the place bystorm while the trial of the murderer was in progress. At the timeth trial of Lockhart was aboutdrawing to a close, the jury havinghaving just retuned a death verdict.The trouble started when a manrushed to the court house having aropp in his hands, and followed by acrowd estimated by some at twothousand, shouting, "Let's get thenlack brute and hang him." Thesoldiers guarding the court . housereceived orders to fire on the mob,which they did, with the followingresult: Five were killed, Ben F.Carrier, J. M. Rogers and J. M.King. Lexington; John Thomas, Win.Etherington, Versailles; nineteenwounded: An unidentified negrowoman; H. E. Mlligan, Lexington;Emmet t Dozier, Versailles; Patrolman John Clancy, uncle of Mrs.James Connelley, of Paris, F. J.Lear, Patrolman Frank Ely, Otis S."Wood, J. W. Stansell, "W. J. Reese,Mrs. E. T. Cross, Fred Sowders, Jas.Alessengale, Lexington; H. C.Weathers, Clintonville; Gilbert D.Robertson, Elmer Moore, soldier,Covington; Irvin Guyn. two unidentified men. Weathers was not in themob, but was walking along thestreet, when shot. He was taken tothe Good Samaritan Hospital.The order to fire on the mob wasgiven by Adjutant-General Deweese,who stated that he deferred the order as long as possible, and that noshots were fired until the mob hadreached the machine gun. Theshooting was done from the stoneparapet in front of the court house,behind which the soldiers werelying as a sort of breastworks. Thefull details of the shooting v eregiven in extras issued by the Lexington Herald and the Leader, andthe regular editions of The- Leader,reaching Paris at 5:25. These aretoo voluminous to be repeated inFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGfi- -PoloSuits "Silk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and Batiste "Waistst .Plain andFRANK & CO.. ladies; outfitters ? ; - NJIEGISLAT0HE PASSES MOB SJJPPEESSION MEASUREThe bill to suppress mob violencewas passed by the House at Frankfort. It provides that when morethan three persons gather for thepurpose of doing violence, injury toor lynching of any person in thecustody of any peace officer or jailer,this shall be considered to be a mob.Any person who takes part in a mobshall be deemed to be guilty oflynching and the penalty for lynching is death or imprisonment,j Any person who harbors or coniceals, or aids any member of a mobto escape arrest shall, upon conviction, be punished by imprisonmentin the county jail for not less than30 days nor more than six months.IThe law as drawn prescribes a pen-i itentiary sentence of not less thantwo -nor more than 21 years. Thejail sentence instead of the penitentiary sentence was inserted inthe bill by an amendment offered byRepresentative Thos. R, Welch, whothought the penitentiay sentencewould make the measure unconstitutional. An amendmen t offered by Representative James H. Thompson, ofBourbon county, and accepted byRepresentative Joseph Lazarus, author of the measure, provides thatthe County Judge and not the sureties on the bond of an officer remoied from office for permitting aprisoner to be taken from jail, shallappoint a person to fill the officethus vacated until the next generalelection. He ajmended the bill bypioviding that the Coroner shallfulfill the office of Sheriff and Jaileruntil such an election.JANUARY BUSINESS IN POLICECOURT DULL.Police' Judge Ernest Martin hadno occasion to complain of beingovercrowded with business in hiscourt in January. The month parsed by with a clean docket book,unmarred by an entry of offendersbeing tried and no offenders reported. This is said to be the firstinstance of the kind known in thchistory of the local Police Court.All of which goes to show thatParis bas become a law-abiding andl,w-respecting city.our columns, owing to a lack ofspace.Lockett was found guilty after atrial lasting but a few minutes. Hewas sentenced to be electrocuted onMarch 11. Five 'hundred Federaltroops from Camp Taylor were sentto Lexington last night to assist inrestoring order and in preservingthe peace. The city was placed, under martial law last night, andwill remain so until conditions havecleared.iCoatsancy: Skirts,--h'TOBACCO MAEKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold yesterday a total of 317,975 pounds of tobacco for a moneyvalue of $116,732.18, a floor averageof $36.74. As shown by the average the market was lower. Thequality of the offerings was poor.For the season up to date therehas been sold on the Paris market atotal of 9,419,135 pounds of tobacco,for a money value of $4,614,939.54,a season average of $4 8.95. Duringthe past week the Independent Tobacco Werehouse Co. sold 505,375pounds for $201,940.36, a floor average of $39.95. During the 'sameperiod the Beurbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. sold a total of 617,750pounds for $262,679.90, an averageof $42.43.No sales were held in the localwarehouses Friday, owing to thefact that the tobacco sold the dayprevious had not been removed fromthe floors. The redrying housesand packers were filled to overflowing with baskets of tobacco purchased at preceding sales. Therewas a car shortage, also, which pre-en ted prompt shipjme-nt of tobaccoto the factories. The floors becamecrowded with tobacco, while theI driveways were clogged with wagonsawaiting shipment. All throughSaturday the wagons continued toarrive and had to be parked undershelter until they could be unloaded. Cars were supplied by the L. &N. Saturday, relieving the congestion, and helping to clear the wayfor yesterday's sales.At the sale "held Friday at theTattersall Warehouse, in Lexington,Lloyd and Ashurst, of Bourboncounty, sold a crop of 3,715 poundsof tobacco that brought an averageof $57.73.A FEW REASONS WHY SOME GASAND ELECTKIO BILLS LOOKEXTRAVAGANTIn December our business wasmuch larger than usual, and we, likeall other concerns, were short ofhelp. In order to get through withour meter readings by the first ofJanuary we were compelled to startreading the meters early in themonth, "a large -number of them before Christmas. InJanuary the bigsleet came on, which caused us agreneah,of damage. All our forcesworked day and night for two weeksgetting the lines straightened out.This work threw us behind in ourmeter readings for the month ofJanuary, and, as a consequence, ourpnen didn't start until the very lastof the month to read the meters.This, as you can readily see, madejour bills for 33 to 38 days, insteadof the usual 30 days. There may besome errors in reading, due to newmen, and the rush necessitated inorder to get through before the firstof the' month, but these will be corrected by the February reading.We are trying to give the bestservice possible, and to do everything in reason for our customers,but like all other business, under,present conditions, we are compelledto accept matters as they exist, andto do the best under the circumstances. We would prefer that allcustomers reacl their own metersand check them with our readings,and will gladly furnish them withdial cards for this purpose.Respectfully,C. L. STEENBERGEN,(tdv-lt)) Manager.0ANOTHER DIAMOND RING RETURNED MYSTERIOUSLY.Not 'Ring, ring, who'se got theling?" but, "Mystery, mystery, whocan solve the mystery?" A diamondring stolen from the home of Mrs.James B. Wilson, on Mt. Airy avenue, some time age has been returned in a mysterious manner. Twovaluable, rings, the property of MissAnna Wilson, disappeared from thehome some time ago. One ring wasreturned in a mysterious manner ashort time after and now the performance is repeated in an equallymysterious manner.Saturday morning Miss Wilsonwas called io the telephone and conversed with a woman who statedthat she was talking from Lexington. She informed Miss Wilson thather other ring would soon be returned to her. Saturday afternoonthe received a small package throughthe mail, which, upon being opened,was found to' contain the jmissingring. The police are making an effort to learn the identity of the partyor parties who returned the rings.BUY EARLY.; Attend our February and MarchJ Cash Sale early. We save youi money. , "1 THE J. T. HINTONCG.I -ntsTror t? -&TTJ?mm A V ffP.T.TT.'R'R ,TION.Paris friehdp of Capt. John- W.Thorckmorton, the popular ex-passengerconductor and Tiis estimable?ifc are extending congratulationn the happy couple. Captain andMis. Throckmorton celebrated theirVirtiidav anniversaries, in Lexington, Wednesday, at their home. onWoodland avenue. It is a peculiarcoincidence that both birthdays fallen February ir while their weddinganniversary is on February 3..REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.The Paris Realty Co. sold Saturday the M. O. Biddle property onTwentieth street to Ed. Stump, fora 'private price.As agents for S. R. Finney, ofMiddletown, Ohio, Harris & Speakes,of Paris, sold Friday to Mrs. MaryBlackerby, a house and two lots, located on Brent street, in Paris, for?2,500.James Webb purchased of GeorgeBroderick a frame cottage and store100m adjoining, located on Secondstreet, for ?3,000. The propertywas occupied for some tijme as agrocery by the late Geo. W. Myers.Mr. Webb will conduct a grocery inthe storeroom.J. ,A. Fryman, of Nicholas county,purchased of Mr. and Mrs. RobertGriffin, of Paris, through the Bishop& Flora real estate agency, theircottage located at the corner ofNineteenth street and Clifton avenue, for $2,100. Mr. Fryman willget possession of the honne in March,and will occupy it.Sajmnel Griffin, of near Paris, purchased of John M. Stuart, a small lotat the northeast corner of Tenth andPleasant streets, for ?2,000. Mr.Griffin will tear down the cottage onthe lot and use the site as a storageground for the Dickerson Garage, inwhich he has lately become interested. The James Monroe Leer farm of157 acres, located on the Russellpike, near Centerville, was sold lastweek to Wm. H. Whaley, jr., orParis, who will subdivide it and dispose of it at public sale. The pricepaid for the farm was not given outfor publication. Mr. Whaley wil!get possession of the farm in March.Mr. and Mrs. S. Kenney Nicholssold their handsome High street thome at private sale Friday afternoon to Mrs. Ferguson, of nearShawhan, for close "to . $7,000.Possession will be given March 1.Mr. and Mrs. Nichols will mpve totheir farm near Lexington, purchased scfmetime ago from the Ed. Fordheirs.For the fifth time in the lasttwelve months the William Faxrisfurnjj located on the Bethlehempike, near: Paris, containing 35acres, has changed ownership. Onlast Friday the Paris Realty Co.,disposed of the farm at private saleto A. W. Shrout, of near Millersburg, for $17,000. One year agothe fanm brought $13,000.Mr. and Mrs. William Shire purchased recently of Wm. H. Whaley,Jr., of Paris, the attractive frameresidence of Ossian Edwards, for aprice said to have been about $5,000. In the deal Mr. Whaley. tookover the three-story brick warehouse, on Pleasant street,, occupiedby R. B. Hutchcraft & Co., as partpayment. Mr. and' Mrs. Shire . rfronow occupying the. home tMr. and Mrs. Frank. P. .Whitesold last week, through the 'ParisRealty- Co., their attractive HjgginsAvenue home, for $8,500, the purchaser being James B. Woodford, ofthe county. Mr, and Mrs .Woodfordwill occupy the property aboutMarch 1. Mt. and Mrs. White willni6ve to Lexington, where the former will engage in the real - estatebusiness. - . ,,.Newton Bishop, of Woodfordcounty, sold, through the Bishop &Flora real estate phoney of thiscity, the Johnson farm, located onthe Winchester pike, in Clark county, containing 185 acres, to GeorgeW. Bramblette, of -near Millersburg,for $330.23 an acre. Mr. Bishoprurchased the farm a few weeks agofrom W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, and realized a nice profit onhis investment.TEN OVERCOATS FOR SALEJust ten overc ats going for$13.50. "Make it snappy, men."L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street.(ftb3-tf)-o--BURNING RUBBISH CAUSES FIREALARM.Burning rubbish'in a vacant lotnear the city quarry Friday nightlaused an alarm to be turned infrom Box 13. The fire departmentresponded and extinguished, theGames. Residents in the vicinityfeared flying sparks might cause aserious Are.wFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanCOUHTY COURT NEWS -Jesse Evans, alias "Red Jesb," ofNorth Middletown, was presented inJudge Batterton's Court, Saturday.Jon a warrant sworn out by. thepartner of his joys., and sorrows,charging him -with pommitting abreach of the peace. Evans o flenseconsisted of administering a physical reprjof to his better half. Hewas; held under-a bondof"?250 tokepptthe peace for one year towardnis wife and all other presons. Inrlnfmill nf Ram- hn vna rfnmnclfid tothe custody of Jailer .Thomas Taul. jMEMCAN LEGION STARTSMEMBERSHIP CAMPAIGN"Do you wear the American Legion button? If not, why?" Thisis what every soldier, sailor tmdmarine of Bourbon county, whoserved in the late war will be askedJ at some time within the next twoweeks, during which time a Statewide cappaign for new members willbe carried on.In conjunction with the otherposts in the State, Bourbon Post,No. 30, met at the court house Friday night and appointed the following as county campaign committeemen: Dr. Milton Stern, chairman;Dr. Avonia Kiser, Wm. Collins, Hilam Roseberry and Joseph Letcher.This comjmittee met Sunday afternoon and named the following asI precinct committeemen:Millersburg Shirley Dalzell, Russel Caldwell and James Miller.Little Rock Fielding Rogers andHarvey Johnson.North Middletown Stanley Dickson, L. Raymond Jones, StanleyJones.Clintonville Dr. W. C. Worthington, Harmon Turner and Ernest Darnaby. Hutchison Jos. Letcher, IliramRoseberry and Hord Perkins.Centerville Dr. A. E. Kiser andDr. Sweatnajm.Ruddles Mills H. B. Anderson,K. K. Kiser, James Lail and Jasonlledmon."Paris F. W. Galloway. Dr. J. T.Brown, Ireland Davis, Barnett Win-ters, Blair Varden, Paul Brannon.Carl Bratton, J. G. Metcalf, RoyOdgen, Catesby Spears.During the county campaign theAmerican Legion headquarters willbe in the Red Cross rooms, in theFirst National Bank building. Alleligibles may be enrolled by applying here, and certificates of membership will be presented to allmeimbers who have not yet receivedthem.On next Sunday night Rev. Smiley, former army chaplain, will deliver an address at the Presbyterianchurch, to all ex-service men of thecounty.On Sunday, February 22, an impressive memorial service for thosewho gave their lives for their country, will be rendered by the localpost, at which ti,me engraved certificates, which have been presentedby the French government as a tokenof appreciation, will be conveyed tothe next of kin of the fallen soldier.t sailor or marine. Further announcement of this program will bemade.oATTEND THE- FARM SALE ONTHURSDAY .On Thursday, Harris & Speakeswill sell at auction on the premises,on the Ruddles Mills pike, nearParis, a small farm of fifty acres ofunimproved land. Read the ad. onpage two of this issue of THENEWS for full particulars.-WE KNOW HOWHere's a Boy's GarmentThat's ReallyGUARANTEEDThe Guarantee Tag locked with aleaden seal on every "LEATHER1ZED"suit says: "Satisfaction or your moneyis yours again!"jCeathenzedGUARANTEEDSUfTS FOR BOYSLined at elbows, pockets, seats andknees with fine, soft, real leather. Fabrics all wool, patterns nifty, stylessnappy and tailoring the best. Idealfor school wear.. Sizes 6 to- 18 years.HEREAnd Nowhere Else in Town.Let U ShowMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'ALLEGED FORGER IN CLUTCHESOF THE LAW.Charged with uttering and passing forged checks bearing the purported signatures of certain Boortofccounty people, Morton McKee, giving his residence at Wallingford,Fleming county, was placed underarrest Saturday morning- by Chief ofPolice Link, and placed in jail.It was claimed by the police thatMcKee was also wanted in Flemingcounty on a charge of stealing amotorcycle. They further claimedthat McKee forged the name of A.W. Plummer, of near Paris, to acheck for $47, which he had cashedat the Friedman shoe store; anotherfor $2.07, bearing the forged signature of a Mr. McCarthy, of Centerville, which was cashed at the Peoples-DepositBank. When placedunder arrest the police allege thatMcKee had in his possession twoother checks for $312.75, both carlying the alleged signature of D. M-.Frederickson.McKee was taken before CountyJudge George Batterton. Saturdayafternoon for a hearing.A large number of witnesses wereexamined, the testimony strongly incriminating the accused. McKee entered a plea of guilty, and was heldto appear before the grand jury atthe March term of the Bourbon.Circuit Court. Being unable to furnish bond he was remanded to thecustody of Jailer Thomas Taul.HNE BOURBON COUNTY FARMTO BE SOLD THURSDAYHarris & Speakes will offer atpublic sale on the premises Thursday a fifty acre unimproved farm,located on the Ruddles Mills pike,three miles from Paris. A goodchance to get a fine farm,, locatedwithin piile of one of the bestschools in the county. Read the ad.on page two of this issue of THENEWS.BASKET BALL GAMES.The boys' and girls' basketballteams of the Paris High School defeated the Maysville High Schoolteam in games played" on the tatters floors, Friday night, by thefollowing scores: Girls Pans, 14Maysville, 9; Boys Paris. 20,Maysville, 14. And upon the return,of the victorious teams to Paris thatnight they, or some of their enthusiastic supporters, preceeded to "celebrate" the victory bv naintiner thej scores on plate glass show windowsof all the prominent stores in theI city.j The Paris and Cynthiana HighSchool 'teams will meet on the Y. M.c. A. gymnasium floor, in this cityJ to-night, at 7:30 o'clock. Both- teams are in excellent condition,and interesting and exciting games(may be looked for.You TO-DAY!iii41?Hi'i1Ikri'iri"IfPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 12.fi'inIillIITruck Hauling"We are now prepared to do allMnis of truck hauling. A specialtyf laovingr. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,M or qmall. Day phone 780;HJglt call 1956.JV B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.23-tf)CALL A TAXICABTSmr any place at any time. We arelow in our new location and ready3 giv,e the best of service. Callsxnswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.Alter 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.S. R. HUDNALE,Office No. 6 Bank Row.23dee-t)FOR THE CHILDREN.Too much care cannot bo exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful drug andmost effectual in curing their coldsand coughs. Long experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. Itis a favorite with many mothers.(feb-adv)Pianos and Playersft you are looking for a goodSiatno, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give jme a call, andTe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aspecialty.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,3bhn P.. Geis, Representative, 918itain Street, Faris, Ky.Camberiand Phone 578.U3jany-tf)WantedTo lease a modern four or fiveroom cottage, for possession April1. Apply to THE NEWS.(6-2t-pd)WantedWanted, to rent a small farm, sixto ten acres for tobacco, ten to fiften acres for corn;- good land wit,comfortable house and pasture, closeto school.EARL A. ALLISON,(3-4t) Route 5, Paris, Ky.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Stock, Personal Property.Box 90. Write fordate.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.( jan6-tf ) )LiveLockvVTLMP y? - , , jSf'r .t-rmfc ' " V flaw B'M'PUBLIC SALE07TrRoom House in Mfflersburg, Ky.The owner having- decided to move to Paris, we will sell at publicsuction,Tuesday, Feb. 17, at 2:30 p. m.,the house of J. H. Collier, situated directly opposite the entrance to the"Beautiful grounds of the Millersburg Military Institute.The lot has a frontage of 66 feet and runs back to a depth of approximately 400 feet, and has on it a 7-room house with two halls,lath, pantry, large front porch, back porch inclosed with glass, frontxnd hack stairway and two large basement rooms.The house has complete hath and kitchen sink, the plumbing neverfreezing in the most extreme weather, and has pipeless furnace which NSeats the entire house.There is also on the lot two garages, 1 large stable, meat houseind kitchen house, also excellent cistern.The buildings are all in splendid repair, and the property must beseen, to he appreciated.Eor further information see Mr. Collier on the premises or call us&t oir office.TERMS Liberal. . HARRIS & SPEAKES.Home Phone 394; Cumberland 450.NOT A NATION OF NLNlflES.by(Cincinnati Enquirer)A bill to prevent transmissionman or wire of any record of betting odds has been introduced inthe United States Senate. Such alaw would be offensive and an insult to American manhood. Prohibition already has cast such aspersion, for, in the last analysis, prohibition laws are a false announcement that the men of America lackthe self-restraint and the intellectual virility to be their own guardians and, like' little children, mustbe kept Jn leading strings.It is only the well-known conditions by which prohibition has cometo pass that remove the degradingreproach, the citizens of the UnitedStates having pronounced for prohibition with a view to the4 exigencies of the war which, at the time,did not promise a speedy victoryand demanded that every sacrficeshould be made.The bill in question, however,cannot be justified on any suchgrounds. It is a barefaced attemptto control the personal rights, discretions and habits of jmen by act ofLegislature, branding them as idiotsor little children who must be keptunder restraint.It is no answer to say that moneyis lost in gambling. 'If one has notthe mental strength to keep awayfrom gambling or to hold it withinhis means, he is in the minority.But no imputation must be castupon American men for the benefitof persons who are incapable ofself-restraint. We are not a nationof ninnies, and we should not bestigmatized as such by Congress.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is atleast one dreaded disease that science has been able to cure in all itsstages and that is catarrh. Catarrhbeing greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally andacts through the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system therebydestroying the foundation of thejdisease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c. (feb-adv)For SaleOn the Ford farm, on the Clinton ville pike, from 250 to 300-bar-,rels of corn, picked and cribbedearly before the rains.(6-2t-pd) JAS. B. WOODFORD.Fresh Cows.iseyhave for salecows, fresh.10 first-class Jer-M. J. MURPHY,(6-2t) Murphy's Stock Yards.Public SaleLivestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc.The Blue Grass Realty Co.Office Broadway, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES No. 224PARIS, KENTUCKYNo. 1 4-room house on Vine Street $2,000.00No. 2 6-room house on Vine Street 3,500.00No. 3 8-room house on Cypress Street 5,000.00No. 4 7-room house on Cypress Street 7,250.00No, 5 6-room house on Seventh Street 7,250.00No. 6 7-room brick on High Street 10,000.00No. 7 6-room brick on Mam Srreet : 3,500,00No. 8 4-room brick on Nineteenth Street 2,25.00No. 9 8-room brick on Pleasant Street 4,500.00No. 10 6-room brick on High Street 5,500.00We Have Other CityAlso a Nice List of Farms from 10Propertyto, 400 AcresWe would be glad to call for you andproperty we have listed.showdeeyou anyB. T. BISHOP or J. H. FLORAiWe will sell at public auction, tothe highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m., rain or shine, onWednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,the following described property:One work and driving- horse, 7-years-old;One work and driving horse. 6-3 ears-old;One work and driving: horse. 7-years-old;One cqmbined mare, 7 -years-old;One weanling mule colt;Two" No. 1 cows, to be fresh onday of sale;One good red yearling heifer;One nice young sow;One new "Webber wagon withcombination frame;One "new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment;One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, wit,truck and three-horse hitch;One cutting harrow, with twohorse hitch;One Bemis tobacco setter, in goodcondition;One good Dcering mower;Two steel beam breaking plows,good as new;One new Itastus three-shovelplow;One good five-shovel plow;One good two-shovel plow;One good Moyer road wagon;One top buggy, good as new;Two sets of good buggy harness:Four sets of good farm harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stackand in barn,, and fodder in field;One Improved Cream Separator,good as new, 600 pounds capacity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture;Lot of hoes, rakes, shovels andether implements useful on thefarm.TERMS Made known-on day ofsale.REDMON & McDUFPY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.For SaleA' Duroc Jersey male hog; registered. Apply to(3-tf) F. B. THOMAS.NOT1The undersigned, on Thursday.January 1, 1920, adopted a slightchange in their scale of prices, andbeginning on that date will chargetwenty cents for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD,CAHAL BROTHERS,RUSS CORBIN.(2jan-tf)Men WantedYoung men for Railway MailClerks, $110 month. Experienceunnecessary. For free particulars,examinations, write L. Leonard,(fonuier Government Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.Yours very truly,U. S. SCHOOL OF CIVIL SERVICE,Inc.J. C. LEONARD, Pres.(3-3t)M$'tSAuto Repair ShopTires andA Tubes , repaired v Retreading. Ajax3ind Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.For SaleHome For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstreet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back3 50 feet.(6-tf) PAT COMACK.For Sale PrivatelyI offer for sale at a bargain, privately, the following:American Universal Woodworking jMachine, 2-power Boring Machine,Swing Cut-off Saw, Barn BuildingOutfit complete, 1 concrete BlockMachine and all necessary equipjment. This machinery is in good working order and can be seen in myshop at Millersburg.E. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 176 (M'burg ex.)(jan30-tf) Millersburg, Ky.1 Oakland 5-paeeenger touringcar;1 Buick roadster;1 White truck..These machines are in good running order. Good tires. Well worthyour money.E. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 178 Millersburg, Ky.(jan30-tf)Public Renting!We, as agents, will rent at thecourt house door,Wednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,at 2:30 p. m., the 67 acres of landfor Mrs. Emma Isgrigg Jacoby, located on the Ruddles Mills pike,about 1 mile from Paris .Improvements consist of a 4-roomtenant house, stable and other outbuildings. The land is as follows:47 acres to be cultivated in corn, 6acres to be cultivated in tobacco, thebalance in grass. For further information, apply to the undersigned. HAEBIS & SPEAKES, Agents(6-4t) Paris, Ky.10 Baby FarmsAt Auction Saturday, February 14thAT 1 :30 O'CLOCK P; M.On the premises, one mile from Paris, on the Clintonville pike, and known asthe Clarence Wright land, and is in old blue grass sod, and has been purchasedby Matt Lair and Stuart Haggard, who have laid the farm out in small tracts andwill be sold as offered and the purchasers will be sure to get what they buy.No. I has 4.621 acres, all in old sod.No. 2 has 4.751 acres all in old sod.No. 3 has 4.939 acres, all in old sod.No. 4 has 5 acres, all in old sod.No. 5 has 5.368 acres, all in old sod.No. 6 has 5.470 acres, all in old sod.No. 7 has 5.587 acres, all in old sod.No. 8 has 5.880 acres, all in old sod.-No. 9 has 6.334 acres, nearly all in old sod.No. 10 has 6.940 acres, nearly all in old sod.Immediately after selling the 10 baby farms we will sell the 1 1th tract,whichcontains 45.890 acres and is in corn and wheat stubble and adjoins the above smalltracts. All of them face on the Clintonville pike. Each and every one has abeautiful house site. There is no use trying to explain to you just how much youcan make off one of these small farms. All we have to do is to say that this landhas been lying in old blue grass sod for several years and you can be the judge.Now we are going to sell the above tracts as follows: No. 1 will be sold firstand the purchaser of No. 1 will have the right to purchase No. 2 at the sameprice as paid for No. 1, and this will prevail throughout the sale. This is done inorder that if one thinks he can handle more than one tract, naturally he wouldwant them together. We have subdivided in a way that every investor,no matterhow small, can avail himself of this rare opportunity to own a farm. 'The terms are 10 cash on day of sale, 23 on March 1st or before, andthe balance of two-thirds may be made in one and two years, deferred paymentsto bear interest at the rate of six per cent., with lien against the land, or the purchaser can pay all cash or as much above one-third as he desiresFor further information, apply toMatt Lair and Stuart Haggard,Ownersor Harris & Speakes, Paris Realty Co. or Bishop & Flora, AgentsAny of the above will take pleasure in showing the property.GEORGE D. SPEAKES AND O. M. WYKOFF, AuctioneersDon't forget the day and date, Saturday, February 14th, at 1:30 p. m.aSO ACRES50 ACRESBourbon Land Sale at Public AuctionOn the Premises, on the Ruddles Mills Pike, 3 Miles from Paris, onThursday, Feb. 12th, at 10 O'clock A. M.Small farm of 50 acres of unimproved land, all in grass. This land is opposite the farm.of K. O. Turner and Is among the best in that section. Lays well- and has a beautifulbuilding site on the pike.If purchaser so. desires I will sell a good five-acre tobacco barn, newly covered, which ison the line of the adjoining land, and I will give the rent of a seven-room tenant house andhalf the fruitfrom the orchard of 128 trees to the purchaser of the" farm for one year.- The purchaser will also have the privilege of tending on the shares ten acres of landaround the house, which is all in old blue grass sod and which has not been plowed for 14years and which ought to produce according to present prices 1,000 per acre.mon1?""10 per Cnt of Purcha8e Price on day of saIe. 231-3 per cent, on March 1,1920, and the balance in four years in four equal payments, or as much cash over one-thirdas desired may be paid.J. B. CAYWOODPower of Attorney for Miss Jennie MinterHarris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers Paris, Ky.L. D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(6-4t):f.-,. V,K Z,THE BOlfKBON KBWS; PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1920.FA6STHSSSREFRESHED INMORNINGS NOWCincinnati Man Takes Vola-Tonic For Benefits ItBrought HimClarence Breeding, 924 Race street,Cincinnati, O., said lie was so ner.tous until recently that many timeshe didn't get tosleep until almost morning."But, since I'vebeen takln gV o 1 a - Tonic,'Mr. Breedingsaid, "my nerveshave improvedwonderfully andI sleep soundlyevery nightnow. I get upmornings feeling refreshed."ily stomachtroubled me.too. My appetite was poorand what food Idid eat didn'tagree with me.I had indiges-CLARENCE BREEDING,tion and constipation."One bottle of Vola-Tonichasbrought me decided benefits."I have a fine appetite now and mystomach is in much better condition.I can eat anything I want without indigestion and the constipation is gone."It is a pleasure to recommend sucha medicine as Vola-Tonic to others."Thousands of people at Cincinnatiare taking Vola-Tonic. The medicineis a wonderful strength-builder andhas created a sensation in many cities.If you feel weak and run down tryTola-Tonic.oia-foiuciBWLDER r STRENGTHSpecial AgentVarden & Son, DruggistsKRYL ORCHESTEIAL SEXTETTEEBIDAY, EEBETJARY 27.The outstanding attraction for theseason in Bourbon county -will bethe Kryl Orchestral Sextette concert, to be given in Paris, on Friday, February 27.For years Mr. Bohumer Kryl hasbeen, a director of popular orchestras. This season 3ie has the wellkaown violinist, Irene Stolopsky,and Bernice Arthur, "whose work asa planiBt, stands out prominently.Effort is being made to secureGrand Opera House for this attraction, in order to accommodate thelarge crowd which is sure to attend.Notice of SaleOF THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLABS($30,000.00) WORTH OF SEWEEBONDS OF THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY.The City of Paris, Kentucky, willoffer for sale to the highest bidderat the Council Chamber in said city,on Thursday, February 12, at 8o'clock, p. m., 1920, Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) worth ofaewer bonds bearing date of March1, 1920, and maturing at the rate ofThree Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00)per year from November 1, 1920, toand inclusive of Novejmber 1, 1929.The said bonds were authorized bya vote of the people at the November election, 1919.Interest, five per cent, payablesemi-annually, on the first of May:nd November, and both principaland interest payable in gold coin ofthe present standard of weight andfineness, at the Bank of America, inNew York City.These bonds are issued pursuantto Chapter 113, Acts of Kentucky,Legislature, 1918.Delivery one-third on March 1,1920, one-third on June 1, 1920,and one-third on August 1, 1920.Payments must be made on delivery.All bids must be accompanied bya certified check for five per cent ofthe total amount of the b'"d, thecheck of the successful bidder to becredited on account and the checksof unsuccessful bidders to be returned immediately.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J. W. Hayden, Clerk.5INANCIAL STATEMENT OF THECITY OP PAWS. KENTUCKYTotal bonded debt, including this issue..? 192,500.00Assessed valuation2919 5.225,594.00Real valuation, sub-jct to taxation .. 8,000,000.00Population, (estimated), 8,000.City incorporated prior to 1800.I hereby certify the above statements to be correct to the best of myknowledge and belief.J. W. HAYDEN,Clerk City of Parte, Kentucky.v(30jajn3t)CHSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PB0DTJCE REVIEWOn account of better weather conditions, especially in the South andSouthwest, the production of eggs isheavier and prices for that reasonhave declined sharply this week.Prospects indicate a further declinenext week, although as the priceworks to a lower basis, consumptionwill naturally become heavier.General opinion seems to be thatproducers are holding the averagenumber of hens for producing purposes and we should, therefore, seeheavy production of eggs from nowon. vMarkets for butter have fluctuated considerably and decline has beendue jmostry to the fact that fairquantities of butter are cominginto this country from Europe andSouth America, but as values workdown, the demand is becomingheavier and values should not showmuch change until the heavy producing season.There has been a better general(movement of poultry the past week,due to better weather conditionsand the price now being offered toproducers for their stock. However,there is not enough dressed poultrybeing shipped to markets and mostof the large cities are now' turningto frozen stock.WITH FINGERS!CORNS LIFT OUTFreezone is magic! Corns andcalluses lift right offDoesn't hurt a bit. A few cents buy9 a tiny bottle ofthe magic Freezone at any drug store.Apply a few drops of Freezone upon atender, aching corn or a callus. Instantly that troublesome corn or callusstops 'hurting, then shortly you lift itout, root and all, without any pain,soreness or irritation. These little bottles of Freezone contain just enough torid the feet of every hard corn, softcorn, corn between the toes and thecalluses on bottom of feet. So easy!So simple. Why wait? No humbug.oALUES GETTING SOEE ON THEHOLLANDERS.The Entente rejoinder of the refusal of Holland to accede to theAllied demand for the extradition offormer Emperor William is imminent, according to the Petit Parisien, Paris, France, newspaper.The newspaper says that whilethe note will be generally conciliating toward Germany, it will consider, in case of a new refusal by Holland, measures going as far as thebreaking of diplomatic relations ora naval blockade of Dutch ports.The terms of the proposed Alliedresponse were considered at lengthand will be further taken ud at thenext meeting jof 'the council on Friday. It is not expected, however.that a decision will be reached onthat day as the different governmentsinterested must be consulted.The request of Poland for armsand supplies was under consideration, but it was not decided whetherhelp of this kind would be suppliedto ihe Polish government.WITNESS AFTER WITNESS INPAEIS.Such Evidence Our Readers CannotDisputeAs we take up THE NEWS weekbv week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness after witness speaks out asMr. Rankin does here. If these people were strangers living (milesaway, we might take little noticeI of them. But they are not. Theyare your neighbors, living among us.Their word is too easily proven toadmit of any doubt. They speakout iu the hope that their experience may be a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:"T have used Doan's Kidnev Pills! off and on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesI have suffered severely with kidney complaint. My back oftenpained and was lame jmost of thetime. The kidney secretions wereioo freauent in nassage and greatlyLiTmnveri me. Whenever I have beenI Viic -txTo-D- t Tmvft alwava found thata box of Doan's Kidney Pills ha3never ianea iu uure me ui m uutack in short order."Price 60c. at all dealers. Don'tpimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-Mi lburnCo,. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oToo much cannot be done for thepromotion of thrift. It ought to beurged upon the young in the home,in the school, everywhere. Thriftas a necessity, as a duty, ought tohe insisted upon for everybody inevery place of public discussion.The want of frugality, the unlimitedextravagance of the tipie, is a public menace, and any movement that-hii fond to check it deserves thehighest commendation. G. W.I Clark, Governor or lowa.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Henry Tucker is veiy illwith infienza at her home on SouthMain street.Mrs. Nellie Robinson, of Norwood, Ohio, is a guest of Parisfriends and relatives.Miss Iva McCarney is ill at herapartments -on High street, sufferingfrom lumbago and rheumatism.Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis hasrptnrnfiri from a tWO-months' Visitto her daughter, Mrs. Offutt Board-pnan, in Chicago.Miss Annie Legg, or iionigom-f-rvWest Vireinia. is a guest at thehome of her cousin, Mrs. J. FrankTrisler, on Eighth street.Mrs. Claude Petree is in Mounariitv. Missouri, where she was calledby a message telling of the seriousillness of her mother, Mrs. 1'aui.Mrs. Kate Wilson, of Mt. AiryAvenue, will leave mis weeH. xuiRochester, Minn., where she will enter Mayo Bros.' Hospital for treatment. Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott, herdaughter. Mrs. Frank Sledd, MissMartha Talbott and Master BillyTalbott, all influenza victims, are onthe road to recovery.Miss Lavelle Ranson. memberof thA Paris Hierh School faculty, isa patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, where sne ieunder medical treatpnent.Mrs. E. B. Hedges has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Samuel Biggs and family, m iiuniin s-ton. West Vireinia. and has takenrooms at Miss Tipton's, on Highstreet.fics v.illette McClintock willleave soon for Washington City,where she will matriculate asa student in the approaching secondterm of one of the popular schoolsof that, city. During her residenceir the Pnnitol Miss McClintockwill make her home with MissAgnes Purnell, formerly of fansund Millersburg.(Other Personals on page o;oGOVERNMENT ISSUES WARNING TO RENT PROFITEERSThat the Federal Government isdetermined to collect every dollardue from income tax is evidentfrom a communication nviilod byihe Bureau of Internal Revenue."These are bonanza days for thereal estate owners," the circulartays. "Rents for all kinds ot property have advanced, in some localities to prices never dreamed of.The keepers of lodging houses andboarding houses have shared in thegeneral prosperity from rents, ::ndoven the cottage and apartmentdweller has made a little money onthe side by renting the l corns h:could spare."Ab to the renting of part of ahome, the bureau has this to say."In the case of a landlord who.rents furnished rooms, there may b?claimed against the rent received adeduction for wear and tear on thefurniture and for minor expensesIncurred, such as laundry, fuel,light, etc.; also a proper proportionof the rent paid, if any, for the entire home or apartment. In computingsuch division of the rentpaid, if any, for the entire home orapartment. In order to arrivearrive at the proportion for rentedwinma nrmsideration should be given as to the size, location and desir-lability of the rented rooms."If the landlord or landlady fuinishes meals to lodgers, the gainlealized should be figured on thegain realized should be fifured onbasis of household budget andincluded with the rent received."oBOURBON MEN SECURE HORSESAT MADDEN JMlift.nn Jiimiirpfi and eleven thor-ouughbreds, the property of John E.Madden, were sold Tuesaay ui mHamburg Place on the Winchesterpike for a total of $124,815, an average of $1,125 per head. The offerings consisted of seventy sixpnares, which averaged $1,319.05and thirty-five yearlings whichbrought an average of $70d.5f.Thomas B. Cromwell, the weiiknown newspaper man and turWTiter, of Lexington, purchased sixfine broodmares for a Bourboncounty breeder, whose name was notgiven. Chariton vay, v. "-purchased the following: DollieHiggins, br. (13) by MigraneFrances McClelland, $1,000; Chappala, b. (ID by Sir Dixon--Break-,,,,.i finn Carev Ward, orParis,' purchased Magna Stella (16)by Star Shoot Magna, uaiw. i$925Edward Simms, millionaire oilman, of Texas, New York and Bourbon County, was the heaviest purchaser, the greater part of the highest priced brood pnare3 going to him.Simms will ship the animals to hisXalapa Farm, in Bourbon county.-oMODERN WOODMEN AT WORKThe Modern Woodmen of America are waging a vigorous campaignfor Thrift throughout the UnitedXodges in the Eighth Federal Reserve DiBtrict are taking me mauun, and the local loages are 5&pledges tnat they will buy as liberallv as nossihle of the United StatesSecurities Liberty Bonds, Treasury Savings Certiitcates aim vyShawhan, Ky., and Haskell, Imboden, Percy and Crawfordsville inArkansas, have all sent their signed pledge into the Savings Divisionheadquarters at St. Louis.oIn making champagne the grapesare squeezed six times, each pressure making wine of a differentquality.o"Rice paper," upon which the Chi-nese ma&e cmujuuug urdwmgs, wthin sheet of the prepared pith of atree.WATCHStomach-KIdneys-Ucari'-LiiverKeep the vital organs healthy byregularly taking tho world's standard remsdy for kidney, liver,bladder and r.ric acid troublesThe National Remedy of Holland forcenturies and endorsed by Queen Vilhulmirm. At all druggists, three sires.Look for the naiao GoSd Medal on sr-i-y Lax,&nd &cce;t uo imitationRATHER VOTE FOR MURJ)ERERTHAN PROHIBITIONIST."As between a murderer and aprohibitionist. I would vote for thejmurderer every time for any placeon the ticket," said William Riddle,who rejoiced in the picturesque titleof "Mayor Bill" when he was Atlantic City's executive, addressingthe Steam Engineers' banquet atAtlantic City."I one time said that 25 per cent,of the pleasure of life was found inthe home 25 per cent, each in goodbooks and good music and the balance in good booze," he continued."I want to amend that and say75 per cent, of life's pleasure is inthe borne. I've got a supply there.""DANDERINE" PUTSBEAUTY IN HAIRGirls! A mass of long,thick, gleamy tressesLet "Danderine" save your hairand double its beauty. You can havelots of long, thick, stiong, lustroushair. Don't let it stay lifeless, thin,scraggy or fading. Bring back itscolor, vigor and vitality.- Get a 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" at any drug or toiletcounter to freshen your scalp;check dandruff and falling hair.Your hair needs this stimulatingtonic; then its life, color, brightness and abundance will return.Hurry! (adv)oThings don't turn up in thisworld until somebody turns themup. Experience teacnes mat it is memen and wqmen who pay attentionto small savings, that becomewealthy. By saving nickels anddimes a thrifty person lays the foundation. James A. Garfield.INTERTIRBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexineton Tor Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2rl5P. M. 4:20 P. M. -3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYJ I TiFREEDELIVERY!iWe have made arrange- 1merits with the Merchants' jjjjDelivery Company for two :.:deliveries a day.Your business is solicited.Both phones.1Mrs. Ellis' CashOroccryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.1920n 0 JTAw Sb m m B K 1B r mNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St.WE are qualifiedto carry outthe instructions ofthose who employ usbecause of our wideexperience and because of our thoroughly modern equipment. Our service is efficient and courteous.and we are fair in'all our business dealings.TAi Jlii!Telephone Wires and TreesThe recent sleet storm has proven destructive to hoth shade treesand telephone wires, and as both are recognized as nportant factcin the pleasure and comfort of our every day life, proper considerateshould be given each, so that neither would prove detrimental to 1eother.A number of farmers have expressed their willingness to assist tin furthering in any way possible the restoration of their telephoMservice, which is being done by the crews of telephone mem as speedllras conditions will permit.We would suggest to both the city and rural property owners thatthey take advantage of the wires being down in pruning carefully, amisometimes saving their valuable trees and take warning by tho ratkless slaying and splitting of large limbs of treea by storpia that wooMhave been saved had these trees been given closer attention before.By systematically clearing the trees of broken and OTergrowmlimbs, etc., the telephone route will be clear for the wires, so that Jittteor no' delay will be experienced in reclaiming interrupted serrics. Tsrdoctoring and pruning" trees we would refer the owners to artielsjklished in the Lexington Herald, January 27th, page 12, by A. J, OfcMf;Assistant Professor of Horticulture, University of Kentucky.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphComwiny(Incorp orated)J. J. Veatch, District Xuu?iifodels4II17Hl K'MilGW. H. Caamoa, XooalwyA v-THE. BOURBON k IjTBS, PAWS, KENTffCjKYTUESDAY,, FBRpAJfY, JO, 192fi.PAGBFOUE.'V ?r1- .-:iwI1sATTOBHEY-GENERAL GIVES THESENATE NAMES -OF LOBBYISTSComplying with a resolutionrepassed by the House, Attorney-GeneralCharles I. Dawson, has submitted to the House a list 67 the registered lobbyists. The resolution calling for this list was introduced' byRepresentative Nelson. The Houseordered the list printed and copiesplaced on the desk of the members.The list contains forty-one names.JVpnong the names of those who aresaid to be lobbying in the interestof Chiropractic measures is that of.S. P. Mchney, Paris.IT MEAIfS A LOT,. ,Yes indeed, it does, to KNOW-what you are doing. The onlyspecial price we have for our sale is20 off our regular price and thatis marked in plain figures. Come.earlv. Goods are scarce.THE J. T. HINTON CO.Public SaleOPSmall Bourbon County Farm,Implements, Stock, Etc., I will sell -at public sale on theTpromises, on the Bethlehem pike,one -mile from 'Paris, onTuesday, Feb. 17, 1920at 10:00 o'clock, a. pi., my farm offive and one-half acres of land. Theimprovements consist of six-roomdwelling house; two halls and twoporches, with good cellar; cistern atback door and one cistern at thebum; one barn and double corncrib; barn will house five acres oftobacco; all other necessary outDuildings. Farm is all good tobaccoland. The stock to be sold comprisesthe following: ,jOne pair of 8-year-old mules, J.-good ones;One good ""-oar-old work mule;One G- ca -old Jersey cow andalf;One 5-year-old 3ersey cow, will befresh in April;One 3-year-oM Jersey cow, due tocalve about 10th.One Jersey heifer, due to calve byday of sale;One Jersey heifer, due to" calveabout March 20;Two Duroc-Jersey sows, due tofarrow March 10th;, One Poland China sow, due to farrow In April; 'r Twenty-two shoats, weighingabout 80 pounds each;One wheat drill;One mowing machine;One break cart and ' harness.Other things too nujmerous tomention. 'TERMS Made known on day of,sale.J. W. CABR.M. P. KBNNEY, Auctioneer.(10-13)BOUBBON COUNTY BANKS MAKEHUE SHOWING.According to the statements ofBourbon' county banks, as submittedto the State Banking Commissioner,those institutions are enjoying aseason of prosperity, reflecting theindustrial activities of the citizensof the city and county. These statements show total deposits of $4,5 3 3, 7$ 1.61, which will lie swelled toa total of more than $6,000,000 bythe figures to be submitted by threeother banks of the county, unreported. Business conditions in the city andcounty haye never been any betterthan at present. The large depositsin the banks are evidence of theirsolidity, and the faith the peoplehave in their financial stability.This (money has come to the bankslargely through the agricultural interest of the county, the tobaccomarkets placing large amount o?ready money in circulation, whichthe thrifty farmers have placed totheir credit in the banks for ananchor in case of emergency. Localmerchants have felt the stimulus ofincreased business and are correspondingly juhilanLoABMNISTOBS APPOINTEDIn the County Court, orders wereentered by Judge George Batterton,making the following appointmentsof administrators of estates left bydeceased Bourbon county peopleW. P. Thomas as administrator ofIhe estate of Mrs. Sallie A. Hall,widow of Francis P. Hall, of nearParis. Mr. Thonias qualified by furliishing bond in the sum of $30,000, with. Edsell Clark and C. S.Ralls as sureties.Fletcher Mann, of Lexington,qualified as administrator of the estate of his sister, Mrs. Pearl Taylor,of Paris. Mr. Mann executed bondin the sum of $3,500, with J. HenryFuhrman and Newton Mitchell assureties.Mrs. Ivetta Spencer was appointedadministratrix of the estate of C. L.Farris. She furnished bond in thesum of $500, with S. A. Farris assurety.oMATRIMONIAL.!MORE HOUSES NEEDEDNearly every day some one who isseeking to locate in Paris or whohas already come here with that intention, is rendered desperate bytheir inability to secure a dwellingplace. The present price of building material . alone prevents therapid expansion of our growingcity. The use of concrete blocks orsome other material besides lumberoffers incentive to building, whichwill in turn relieve the congestion.At least it is hoped so.Many small homes are needed inParis. The spectacle of prospectivecitizens seeking homes elsewhere isindeed a regretable one. There isthis consolation, if it can be so considered: The same condition is reported in all of the surroundingcities and. towns.Economy makes happy homes andsound nations. Install is deep.George Washington.PUBLIC SALEorr'J 3.SdSTOCK AND HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. We will offer at Public Auction, onFHday, February 20, 1920,on the premises located at the South end of Main ..street, at 10:30 a. m.,-5 fine Jersey cows and heifers, and one pure51 bred! 'Jersey Bull; oneWork Horse; one Buggy Horse; one one-horse wagon; one deliverywagon, and 2 sets of harness: 1 Cream Separator; 100 hens; MilkBottles and Dairy Fixtures.Also a fine lot of new Household and Kitchen Furniture, including& Coal Bange, Gas Bange and two Gas heaters.One old-fashioned square " Piano ; 2 Singer Sewing Machines; 1Living Boom Suite; 1 Dining Room Suite; 2 large Bugs and severalsmall ones; 2 Iron Beds; Befrigerator and Baby Buggy.Also many small articles, too numerous to mention.James and A.M. Peffer, Paris, Ky.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.Clark County FarmWe will sell at Public Auction in front of the Court House door inWinchester, Ky., onThursday, Feburary 19th,At 2:30 O'clock p. m.' the farm of M. W. Gay, of Mt. Sterling, of 117 acres,, ZVz miles fromWinchester on the Winchester and Mt. Sterling pike, in two tracts :TBACT NO. 1, of about 50 acres of unimproved land, andTBACT NO 2, of about 67 acres, containing 5-room tenant, house-and a 12-acre tobacco1 barn, 20 acres of old blue grass, sod and the re: mainder of the farm in a high state of " cultivation. lays well with...splendid building site. Well watered and fenced. -Both tracts are idealmt ney-makers. The sale will be positive and. without reserve.HARRIS & SPEAKES,c? Heal Estate Dealers, Paris, Kentuckyvl)XZ.VI. Ih HAJtWS, Business Manager'1C0L. GBOKGE. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(10-31)TALBOTT MASTIN. 'Miss Sarah Jones Talbott andW. H. Mas tin were married Saturday afternoon, at four o'clock, at thehome of the bride's mother, Mrs.' W.H. Talbott, on Webster avenue, InCynthiana, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, officiated. The wedding was witnessedby the immediate fapnily and a fewintimate friends.The bride is a teacher in the Versailles public schools, and is welllf.nown here. The groom is a nativeof Woodford county, but is at present connected with the Tattersalltobacco warehouse in Lexington.Among those who witnessed the wedding were Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Jones,of Millersburg, Miss Susie Clay andbrother, John, M. Clay, both of Paris.: oKONOBED CITIZEN CELEBRATESinNETYJTHIBD BIRTHDAYHis ninety-three years sit lightlyon Mr. Oeorere W, Davis, one" ofParis' grand old men, who passed theninety-third milestone of life's journey last Friday. He spent the dayquietly at his home on High street,-where he was visited by hundreds offriends throughout the day, each ofivrhnm brought their warm felicitation's and congratulations to thisgood man.Since the age of twenty-one Mr.Davis has been in the undertakingand furniture business in this city,and is said to be the oldest undertaker in the State. While he isnot able to leave his room, he is inexcellent health, his mental facultiesare unimpaired, and his interest inthe affairs of the city, county, Stateand Nation as keen as of years ago.He takes a gerat interest in dailyhappenings and reads avidly all thepapers, daily, weekly and semiweekly. His business is now beingconducted jointly by his three sons.George R. Davis, Owen L. Davis andRudolph Davis.One of the amusing events thatthat happened in connection withMr. Davis' celebration oi nis imuuday, was when the 6-year-old son ofMajor and Mrs. Durand Whipple,was at the home, playing with Mr.Davis' great-grandson, Geo. DavisSwearengen, six years old. .On being told that Mr. Davis was .ninety:three years old that day, youngWhipple exclaimed: "Gee! he musthave seen Adan and Eve!"oWE'LL GUARANTEE A SAVINGIf you buy your overcoat now,over prices of next year. Plenty ofdesirable overcoats irom $J& io oo,J. W. DAVIS & CO.oA HANBSOME RESIDENCE AND- HOUSEHOLD GOODS AT aAUCTION... As agents for Houston Ri.on, exrecutor of Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, Harrip& Speakes will sell at public sale onthe premises, on Second street, Tuesday, February 10, at 1:30 p. m., thehandsome two-story residence, furniture, household . goods. .A chanceto get a bargain.CAVALRY DEACHMENT HEREON RECRUITING DUTY.1111 r'In charge of Captain R.'E. S.Williamson, of Lincoln, Nebraska, adetachment of seven sergeants fromDivision Headquarters Troop of theUnited' States army, .came -to 'Parisyesterday, to remain three days on arecruiting expedition The men areQuartered at the Y. M.. C. A., wherethey will be glad to talk to anyonedesiring information regarding thnservice. The party is composed ofCapt. Williamson, Sergeants Mitchell, Bentley,' Boddy, Paton, Blackman and Burton. The men made" thetrip overland on their mounts, coming from, Lexington.The object of the visit here is tosecure recruits to. the cavalry, branchof the' service, in which a largenumber of young men are now volunteering, and in which exceptionalinducements are being offered. Therecruits will have a chance for vocational training in office work andall kinds of scientific work. Capt.Williamson will be pleased to meetintending recruits and explain thedetails to them, or will -send one ofthe Sergeants to do so. They willexplain how a buck private's pay,$110 a month, will be equivalent tothat of a civilian.A REAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.Help WantedRailway Mail Clerks $110 permonth. Age 18 to, 35. Experienceunnecessary. Free particulars examinations, write J. Leonard, (former Government Examiner), 935Equitable Building, Washington,D. C. , (10-3t)WANTEDYoung lady . cashier-bookkeeper.Address, in own' handwriting, stating salary wanted."BOOKKEEPER,"Care BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky,(10-tf)HFRIVOLITIES OP 1920" SCORESBIG HIT.Manager Hickey can shake liandswith Manager Sprake on the patronage accorded the Paris Grand, Saturday night. Every seat in the bigplayhouse was sold and the "Standing-Room-Only"sign went up earlyin the evening.' The, cause was the"Frivolities of 1920."With new aid elaborate scenic effects, a perfectly capable) well-drilledand niftily-costumed singing andi1onrinr t' fmi c. "TVio "IJrivnlitip.s nl1920" presented Billy Clark, RuthGoodwin, Almeda Victoria, OliverAdams. Catherine Schultz, LillyLewis, Adaline and Patsey Clark asthe principals in a decidedly pleasing musical revue.It would.be hard to give especialpreference to any number on theprogram. They were all good. Thebig audience "took" readily tofBilly. Clark's witticisms and topicalsongs, Adalini's artistic solos andthe graceful dancing of PatseyShelley and Tanya Kuprin, AlemdaVictoria's classy rendition of jazzand plantation songs, and RuthGoodwin's interpretation of popularand classic ballads, kept the audience in a good humor all the timenecssitating frequent encores.Manager Hickey and ManagerSprake can- count on a hearty response to the suggestion made Saturday night by an enthusiastic patron of the house, "Suppose you bookThe Frivolities for an early returndate."BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oPECULIAR COINCIDENCE IN THEDATES OE BIRTHS.FAIRVIEW FARM AT AUCTIONThursday, February 12, 19201920, at 11:30 a m.. on the premises 7 1-2 miles from Paris, 12 miles from Lexington, 10 1-2 miles from Cynthiana, right at the graded school on corner ofRussell Cave and Hawkins & Cummins pikes, and containing 1 57 acres of land,all of which is in old blue grass sod except 1 6 acres. The farm will be sold intwo separate tracts and not as a whole.TRACT NO. 1 Contains 90 acres, all in old blue grass sod, handsome brick residence, splendid barn, absolutely one of the best fenced and watered farms in Bourbon County.TRACT NO-2 Contains 67 acres, old blue grass sod except 16acres. Improved with comfortable cottage, 96 foot tobacco barn, stock scales,never-failing well and has fine stand of grass and building site.Prospective purchasers come and see the land immediately. Time isshort, weather is uncertain. Sale is positive regardless of weather. Terms, onethird cash, balance long time to suit purchaser.Farmers with small capital and children to educate better see these farms.W. H. WHALE Y, JR.Agent for Clarence IN. Whaley.Horses, Mules, Cows, Etc.Also, at the same time and place I will sell a lot of live stock, including 25good work horses and mules; 1 4 extra good milk cows; 75 good stock- ewes, inlots of 25; 60 shoats, in small lots; 4 sows and pigs, pure bred Duroc boar;Poland China boar; 1 0 brood sows bred to farrow last ten days in March, five ofwhich are pure bred spotted Poland China; 2 bulls; 1 good pony; 6 pairs goodbroke mules, right out of work, 4 to 6 years old; some harness and tools; 10 tonsbaled straw; 100 barrels of corn in crib before it was rained on; lot of locust posts;1 0-foot; lot of fence posts, locust, and other things too numerous to mention.Sale of live stock wiil begin promptly at 10:15 o'clock.TERMS Credit to responsible parties.W. H. Whaley, Jr., Paris, Ky.A peculiar coincidence in thematter of birthdays has developedin the immediate fapnily of Samuel(Barney) Brannon, of this city, aslearned in a conversation with, himthe other day. Mr. Brannon'sbirthday happen to fall on September 15, the same, day on which former President Wm. H. Taft first sawthe light-of day. Mrs. Brannon .wafcborn on the same day of the month'as was forjmer President Roosevelt!His son, Paul Brannon, came intothe world on the same day of-the!month that gave to America a future President in the person .offWoodrow Wilson. His brother.'Mike Brannon, a resident of Teastmade his appearance in this vale oftears and woes on the same day ofthe month that Abraham Lincoln Ithe martyred President, was ftorn.rMr. urannon aouDts it any otne.faro.Jly in the. county can show sucr"an array of distinguished birthdays.AnnouncingAdvance Styles InSUITSFor Young Men 1t -madvancebecauseAiK say advance stylesmcic aims wcic uuugiu lurCopyright, 1919, A, B. KirsrftKama Coaptaj!Spring, but they came in early-and we put them in stock.1 Youngmen who seek the very newest stylesshould come here and see our selections. Our makers have spent everyeffort in making this season's clothes;the smartest ever turned out in everyway workmanship, fabrics, styles,colorings and patterns.New models shown come in both singleand double breasteds in one, two andthree buttons.Most of them are form .fitting highwaisted garments with slash pockets.Some coats carry belts with them.Browns, blues and greens are, the pre-.vailing colors, with attractive liningsto match. -. r.. ;Every Suit is Priced Low.OO to$52.50ri.. w7th and MainP.. 1 'WALSHOne-Price Store;Paris, Ky.nfI!i4U, .9-M --NJL1 "i f- "THE BOURBON NEWS, PAIO& KKNTUCK?v. xFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1920. f. 4im-Ff j :r;PAGE FIVELJ.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWARDROBE TRUNKSThe ' most convenient way oftraveling is with, a wardrobe trunk.A complete line from $40 to ?70.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oBEST GRADES TOBACCO COTTON.Tobacco cotton, all grades, whileit lasts, at Fold's Department Store.(30-tf)DANGEROUS "BUMP" GRADED.For some months a dangerous"bump" has been in existence onEighth street, at the intersection ofPleasant street, .near the postoffice.The bod spot was left there whenihe concrete resurfacing work wasbeing done on Pleasant street.The "bump" has been removed,jmaking vehicular travel in that vicinity safer.oSEES PARIS FIRMS' AD. IN JPAANESE PAPER.Comings and Goings of Our" People Here, There andElsewhere.Writing from Japan to his sisforMrs. Harmon Stitt, of Lexington, T.Philip Terry, formerly of Paris, author and globe-trotter says."I was greatly surprised to notethis morning in the Japanese Advertiser, (an American newspaper published in Toyko) a squib to the effect that The J. T. Hinton Company, Paris, Ky., undertakers, advertises a hearse that it not used forany other purpose. I would like to" Mr- J- A. Stern, of The FairStore, is in New York on a businesstrip.J. J. Keller has returned froma visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCarthy, in Richmond.Mrs. Emma McMillan Talbott,is critically ill with pneumonia.Mrs. Talbott is 82 years old.Miss Nellie Lee Clark, of Lexington, was the guest for the weekend, of Miss Patsy Clark, on Fifteenthstreet.Mrs. W. P. Millard has returned to her home in Richmond aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Earl Curtis,in this city.Mrs. Fred Link and daughter,Hazel, are visiting' Mrs. Link's aunt,Mrs. George Mitchell, in -German-town,in Mason county.Mrs. B. F. Laughlin has returned from a visit to her mother, Mrs.Mary Jouett, and. her sister, Mrs.Clay Bedford, in Cynthiana.Mr. Whittington Mann continues quite ill at his home on Pleasantstreet. Mr. Mann has been corifin-"ed to his bed for two months.Mr. A. B. Chowning and daughter, Miss Sarah Chowning of Shelbyville, spent the week-end asguests of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. A,Webber, in this city.Mrs. C. A. Teller and little son,William, of Chicago, are guests atthe home of the former's parents.iir. ana Mrs. I. L. Price, on Main.street.B. Frank Goodman, (Goody)with Mrs. Goodman and their littleson, James McNamara Goodman, areguests at the home of Mrs. GoodPUBLIC SALES ADVERTISEDTHE BOURBON NEWSINknow if hearses are used to nertdlocorn, onions, beans, squashes, etc., mans parents, Air. and Mrs. Jamesin Kentucky." McNajmara, Sr., on Pleasant street.Mrs. Harry Simon, of LexingHOME TELEPHONE CO; ANNOUNCES RESTORATIONOP SERVICE.i.After the serious trouble causedby t the sleet -storm two weeks ago,the' Home Telephone Company taKespleasure in announcing to its patrons that long distance service hasbeen restored between Paris andthe following points: Cynthiana.Carlisle, Millersburg, Frankfort,Louisville and Lexington.The Company thanks the publicfor their patience, and promises,prompt and courteous service.J." J. VEATCH, Manager.(SAVE DISCOUNT PAY BY THETENTH, LAST DAY TOSAVE MONEY.ton, formerly of Paris, is a patientat the Jewish Hospital, in Cincinnati, where she will undergo un opl eration to-morrow. She was accom-I panipd by Mr. Simon, who will remain with her for a few days.Miss Mary Kenney Webber leftSaturday morning in company withMr. and Mrs. Clarence Hieatt, ofLouisville, Mrs. Bland Wells, MissSarah Chowning and Mrs. CharlesLong, of Shelbyville, for a twoweeks' visit in New York City.Mrs. Richard H. Biddle, Jr.,and Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, patientsat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, were reported yesterday asbeing much better. This will begratifying news to their manyfriends.- If your gas and electric "bill is notpaid before the 10th of Februaryyou will NOT receive the benefits ofa discount. Pay TO-DAY and savemoney. We would; "rather notcollect the penalty, but prefer that3rou receive the benefit of the saving. - - -PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(6-2t)oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.iTo-day, Tuesday, February 10Peggy Hyland, in "The Web ofChance;" William Duncan, in"mashing Barriers."-1 'To-morrow, Wednesday, February11 Maurice Tourneur's famous melodrama of the sea, "The Life Line;Topics of the Day; Bray Pictpgraph; Prizma Color-picture"Oahiu."Thursday, February 12 ElaineHammerstein, in "Greater. ThanFame;" Christie Comedy, "A FlirtThere Was;" Vod-a-Vil Movies;Pathe Review.Gregg's Orchestra playing eachafternoon and evening.'Mrs. A. B. Davis, of Covington,formerly Miss Iva Perry, of Paris,is a guest of friends and relativesin this city. Mrs. Davis' daughter,Miss Laura Perry Davis, is one ofthe graduates of the Holmes Schoolin Covington, whose commencementexercises will be held to-night.In this issue of THE BOURBON'NEWS will be found advertised thefollowing public sales of farms, residences, etc.: fTuesday, February 10, at 1:30 p.m. By Harris & Speakes, for Houston Rion, Executor, the home ; ofMib. Jos. M. Rion, on Second street.Thursday, February 12, at l(h00a. jm. By Harris & Speakes, for J.B. Caywood, agent Miss JennieMinter, fifty-acre farm son RuddlesMills pike, near Paris.Wednesday, February 18, 2:30 p.m. By Harris & Speakes, for Mrs.Emma Isgrigg Jacoby, public renting of 67 acres of land, on RuddlesMills pike, near Paris.-Tuesday, February 17, at 2:30 p.m. By Harris & Speakes, for J. H.Collier, house and lot in Millersburg. Saturday, February 14, at 1:30 p.m. By Harris & Speakes, for MattLair and Stuart Haggard, ten babyfarms, on the Clintonville pike, nearParis.Wednesday, February 18, at10:00 a. m. By Auctioneer M. F.Kenney. for Redmon & McDuffy,livestock, -crops, fanming implements, etc., on the Burke & Brentfarm, Jackstown pike, near Paris.Thursday, February 19, at 2:00p. m. By Harris & Speakes, inWinchester, 117-acre farm of Wm.rjfiv. Art. Sterling--.Thursday, February 12, at 11:30a. m. By Wrn. H. Whaley, Jr.,agent for Clarence Whaley, 157acre farm, livestock, etc., Hawkins& Cummins pike, 7 miles fromParis.Friday. February 20, at 10:30 a.in. By Auctioneer M. F. Kenney,livestock, household and kitchenfurniture, etc., of James and A. M.Peft'er, on premises, South Mainstreet.Tuesday, February 17, at 10:00 a.m. By Auctioneer M. F. Kenney,5-acre farm, livestock, crop, farmimplements, furniture, etc., of J. W.Carr, on premises, Bethlehem pike,near Paris.oFIFTY-ACRE FARM FOR SALETHURSDAY.Harris & Speakes will sell Thursday at public auction, for J. B. Caywcod, a fifty-acre farm on the RudTdies Mills pike, near Paris. A fulldehcription can be obtained by reading the display ad on page two ofthis issue of THE NEWS.REV. COMBS TO LECTURE AT THEY. M. C. A. THURSDAYMr. and Mrs. James H. Shea, of JParis, and Frank Sledd, ofMiddletown, attended the dinnergiven in' Lexington, Friday nightby General Agent W. P. Averitt,manager of the Lexington office ofthe Mutual Life Insurance Co., toMiss Katherine McKeever. MissMcKeever, well-known in Paris, hasresigned her position as cashier- inthe office and has gone to her homejr. Shreveport, La.The Richmond Register has thefollowing society note of interest tothe friends of these former "ParisRev. G. R. Combs, former pastorof the Paris Methodist church, andnow Presiding Elder of the Shelbyville District, will be heard in oneof his unique and entertaining lectures in the gyjmnasium of the Y. M.C. A. in this city, on Thursdaynight, at 7:30 o'clock.. The entertainment will be given under 'theNorth auspices of the Women's Society ofthe Christian church. The price ofcdmission has been placed at fiftycents.Rev. Combs gave one of his entertainments during his residencehere, but the one to be given Thursday night will be of an entirely different, character, and will includereligious and other songs of themountain folk. Being a native ofthe Kentucky highlands, and having made a study of the manners,customs and folklore of that section.Rev. Combs is well qualified to en-people: "Mrs. Thomas Best and ftertain .an audience with a descripi NEW AUTO OWKERS.The Lexington Cadillac Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of a Cadillac Sedan to Representative JamesH. . Thompson, of Paris, for future'delivery. The Mammoth Garage, ofthe same city, reports sales ot aSpecial Six Studebaker Sedan toCordellia Ofutt, of Paris, and .twoSpecial Sixes, a Sedan and a coupe.to McDonald & Gibson, of ParisThe American Motors Co. sold toihe E. F. Simms Xalapa Fanm, nearParis, a two and one-half ton pneumatic-tiredBethlehem truck. Wm.Phillips sold and delivered a fourpassenger Marmon roadster to Chas.C. Clarke, of near Paris. The Kin-kead-WilsonMotor Co. reports thesale of a Maxwell touring- car toElmer Ritchie, of near Hutchison,this county.oAUCnOH SALE OF MRS. JOB. M.RION HOME.Read in this issue description ofthe Jos. M. Rion home, on Secondstreet, to be offered at public saleon Tuesday, February 10, at 1:30 p.m., by Harris & Speakes, as agentsfor Houston Rion, executor. This isone of the most desirable and complete homes in the city, with allconveniences. The household andkitchen furniture will be sold at thesame time. Remember the time,place and date.oMASSIE' MEMORIAL HOSPITALEULL TO OVERFLOWINGSunday the Massie Memorial Hospital was full to overflowing for thefourth time since its opening, and ithecamo necessary to resort to the useof cots. The other three occasionswhen an overflow existed, were occasioned by two epidemics of typhoidfever, and the other time on accountof an epidemic of influenza.What would Paris do if we had noeuch ah institution as the Massie' Memorial Hospital? " If the amountasked for, and now being solicitedfor the upkeep of the Hospital isnot raised, the institution cannot bemaintained: Hav.e you contributedyour' share toward this worthy purpose? If .not, do bo to-day. -.Youcould not subscribe for a moreworthy or a jmore charitable cause.daughter, Mrs. Elizabath Culton, arevisiting relatives in Cincinnati.Their trip to Birmingham, Ala., hasbeen postponed on account of illne3sin the family of Mrs. Tinder, whomthey wore to visit. .. .Miss EdithMellinger has returned from a, pleasant visit to' Mrs. Elmer. Tate, inIrvine."Writing from Chicago,, formerParisian Frank R. Erringer, saysl"Please change my address to 921Addison Street, 2d Apts., -Chicago.We have sold out our.- apartment.Mrs. Erringer leaves for Californiaon the 14th. I will remain herequite a while, awaiting Clarence,who is in New York City. Then weso to California to reside on ourran che. Am living the easy life atpresent. Am compelled to take alest after thirty years of the strenuous indoor life. I note with, genuine regret the passing away of ourold pal and schoolmate, WalterDavis "(Other Personals on Page 3.)otion of "that quaint and peculiar, yethierhlv sensitive and reticent peo- jple.wbo are found there.HANDSOME PARIS HOME AT PUBLIC SALE.If you are looking for a modernup-to-date home, attend the publicsale of Mrs. Jos. M. Rion's residenceon Second street, to be held Tuesday,February 10. There is none betterlocated. Read the display advertisement in this issue" of THENEWS. .- HARRIS & SPEAKES.COTttE EARLYGoods are very scarce. Attendour Cash February arid March Saleearly. Our sale is a real sale 20off regular prices. Can you get thisany place else?THE J. T. HINTON CO.REGARDING THE SUNDAY OPENING OF MOVIES.As told in THE NEWS in previous issues there has been on foct asuggested movement' to havp themovies open on Sunday afternoon forfha benefit of the working peoplevho desire to spend the afternoon inihelr own wav. THE NEWS hasbeen, and still is, absolutely imparlial in the matter, and ha giventhe news' features of the proposedmovement, as expressed in the sentiments of those who would like tosee the move successful.As yet there has been no expression from the owners of- the theatresand no positive action has beentaken looking to the circulation of apetition to the City Council. The.ih4Af Yma heen agitated by a largenumber of people of liberal views,who hold the game opinion still."like a woman conyieuju. ,a..n0..y. will "Protests against the movement, aswas .natural to be expected, havebeen made, by congregations of ihechurches, and club women of thecity What the outcome of the patter will be Temains problematical,with the possibility of '"no movieslooming up strongly. ,IMPORTANT FEATURES AT THEY. M. C. A.The calendar of events at theJ Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. building for the next few weeks is veryfull and includes many importantand new features. The followingare among the events: February10, Basket Ball, Cynthiana Vs.Paris High School; February 11,Swimming Meet; February 12, Rev.G. R. Combs, Lecture, AuspicesChristian Church February 22,Father and Son Banquet; February26, Senior Hexathlon Meet; February 27, Kryl's Orchestra (at CitySchool); March 27, Boys' Hexathlon. oCoats and DressesFor the.rSchool GirlBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at $12.98$17.50 Coats at $13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50$25.00 Coats at ...$19:75$29.50 Coats at...; $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75 .$39.50 Coats at.....'. $27.50 ,Belted or straight v models in Plum, Wine, Brown, Blue, Taupesome with collars of fur. . . .pSchool Dresses;"VPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred materials are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12,50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.00 Models at 1 $19.75$29.50 Models at ..T $24.75Just right for the school roomHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.WE BELIEVEWe Save You More Money at OurCASH AND MARCH SALE,Than You Can Save in Any Sale Any where.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON .CO.40 Saved!We 'have on hand about 100,000rolls of Wall Paper and Home Decorations, suitable for every room inthe home. Bought before the advance in prices. These goods ate allnew and uprto-date. We cannot duplicate any 'pattern in the store atless than 40 advance. By makingyour selection and placing your order now TO-DAY -you will reFor the extraordinary rush service you exact in the Spring months.you pay in impaired service and increased cost. Right now you cansave 40. !Springprices will be 40 higher.THE FAIR ANHEX, 'S. E. Borland, Manager.mMiLmmm.EgisI1iI'II1jiIi11j4I1 '"iwfnaBnnTiTwi"""" " iWE BELIEVE THIS because we give youa straight 20 discount on all goods markedat the regular price.WE DO NOT use any tags but the ones inuse at all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURCash SavingFebruary and MarchSaleiIf you don't, your neighbor does. ,EXCEPTEDGlobt-Wernicke Csse, Columbia GnfoiMlas and RecordsWay Sag less SprintsrTHEJ,T;flINr0NC0.EITHERFHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH 'AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingf411iJpv ;vVsv.r;musxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, . KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, l2t.&.1.tIfMaINDIGESTION"Papers tDiapepsin" 'makesDisordered Stomachs.xi.x: -aieei line aitonce iLumps of undigested food causingpain. When your stomach, is acid,and is gassy, sour or you haveheartburn, flatulence, headache ordyspepisa, here is speedy relief no'waiting.Eat a tablet or two of Pape's Diapepsin and instantly your stomachfeels line. All the indigestion pain,gases, acidity and misery in thestomach caused" by acidity ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets cost littleat any drug store, but there is nosurer or quicker stomach anticidImown. (adv)BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andegg- .STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich& Wides8th St., ctpp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)TwinBros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTOBACCOCOTTONALL GRADES$3,000 DAILY TAXES TO BE ONRACES.The annual privilege tax paid bythe running race tracks of Kentuckywill be increased from $50,000 to$300,000. if an agreement reachedMonday in a' conference betweenGovernor Morrow and representatives of the racing interests is enacted into legislation.Under the existing law, the trackspay $200 for each day. This taxyields approximately $50,000 a year.To bring in $300,000 it will be necessary to increase the tax to $3,000a day at Louisville and Latonia and$1,200 a day at Iexington.Colonel "Matt Winn and ShermanGoodpaster, of the racing bodies,were in conference with the Governor. Both agreed to the proposal of$300,000 a year, which is the minimum accepted to jmost advocates ofthe tax, but it is understood definiteaction will not be taken until afterthe breeders have had an opportunity to express their views.Representative Huntsman, whowas to have introduced a bill Monday increasing the tax, failed to doso. It is understood he will sponsorthe -administration bill when it isintroduced.oAlexander Berkman thinks heknows what will happen to him ifthe White Guard in Russia gets holdof him. But that's his funeral.NASTYXOLDSAREATRELIEVED"Pape's Cold Compound"Breaks Up a Cold In aPew HoursThenUS BEFOREYOU BUYDon't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! A dose of "Pape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold and(ends all grippe misery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages of the head; stops nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, ieverisnness, sneezing, , soilness and stiffness."Pane's Cold Compound" is thenuickest. surest relief known andcos,ts onlv a few cents at drugstores. It acts without assistance,lastes nice, contains no quinine.Insist upon Pape's! (adv)TwinBros.Department MoreBRIGHTER-EVENINGS?McmA SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOUSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectricityTor fidtitiitdIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor fieating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Lei Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.CInconHcated!1X,BourbonXIIIXIXIXIXI;Xx4-X'?lSiLaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsXXFARMER'S W F EMSGAINED 33 POUNDS"I Can't Say Enough For TanlacAfter What It Did For Us"Says Huntington Man.Remarkable, indeed, was the statement made by A. D. Chinn, a wellknown farmer, living on It. P. D.No. 3, Huntington, West Virginia, afew days ago.Mr. Chinn called at the McGuireDrug Store, in Huntington, and declared that at the time Mrs. Chinnbegan taking Tanlac she was entirely helpless with rheumatism andweighed only sixty-five pounds, butthat she now weighs ninety-eightpounds, having gained thirty-threepounds, and that there has beensuch a wonderful change in her condition in the past sixty days as tocause astonishment among herfriends and neighbors. Followingis Mr. Chinn's own. statement:"My wife has shown such wonderful improvement since she begantaking Tanlac that I don't mean forher to miss a single dose. So I havemade a spdeial trip here to-day, overroads that are almost impassible;in fact, I could hae used a boat inplaces, coming -here to get more Tanlac for her."She has been suffering withrheupnatism of the nerves, neuritis,I believe they call it and a generalrun-down condition for three years,and had become entirely helpless.She could not even use her knife andfolk. I was having to feed her andlift her about like a baby and thatwas easy to do, for she only weighedsixty-five pounds. She had lost allinterest" in life, as nothing helpedher and she had no hope of even being any better."One day I was talking to afriend of mine about my wife's condition and -he advised me to have hertry Tanlac. That same afternoon Icarried her a bottle of it and aftershe took it for a few days I noticedsome improvement. She has takensix bottles now without missing asingle dose and has improved untilshe is no longer the same person.She now weighs ninety-eightpounds, making an actual gain ofthirty-three pounds. She and I both,as well as the rest of the family, believe that Tanlac has 3aved her lire,and of all of the people who havemade statements about being benefitted I believe we have the mostcause to be thankful. Tanlac hasbeen a Godsend to her and a blessing to the entire family by relieving her tortures of this awful rheumatism, and I can't say enough forit."Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy. (adv)ciTENTH BOY SCOUT ANNIVERSARY SEES REMARKABLE ,GROWTH.APPELLATE COURT ORDERSThe following orders were madein the Court of Appeals at Prankfort .Tuesday, in cases sent up fromthe Bourbon Circuit Court:Hines, Director, General, vs. Burns'Administratrix, Bourbon; agreed.notion by parties to permit appellant to file reply brief; motion submitted and sustained.Western Union vs. Brent; Bourbon; motion for oral argument overruled. Feena vs. Paris Home TelephoneCo., Bourbon, motion for time sustained. McCann's Administrator vs. ParisHome Telephone and TelegraphCompany, Bourbon; agreed motionto grant appellant time to file replybrief to February 10 sustained.oTOAVOID THE"FLU"First Of All, Make Sure Your BloodIs Red and Rich InFighting TrimSAFETY IN VIGOROUS BLOODIf You're Listless and DepressedDon't Delay a Minute GetA Good TonicA million boys trained in citizenship and service, a billion goodturns, a preparedness that has proven its ability to effectively serve inwar and peace rthese are some ofthe results of the first decade of thecharacter building service of the BoyScouts of America, whose Tenth Anniversary will be celebrated throughout the Nation the week of February 8th to 14th.Founded February S, 1910, andgranted Federal incorporation by actof Congress, June 15, 1916, thegrowth of the Boy Scout Movementin America lias b'een phenomenal,and Scouting's tenth birthday finds375,000 boys and 90,000 adult leaders actively enrolled in its programof service to the Nation and its boyhood.Colin H. Livingstone, of Washington, D. C, President of the NationalCounil, and George D. Pratt, Benjamin Li. uuianey, Milton a. iucuea,Daniel Corter Bread, William D.Murray, Mortimer L. Schiff andFrank Presbrey have served theScout movement continuously as(members of its Executive Boardsince its organization; and sinceJanuary, 1911, James E. West has"been its Chief Scout Executive.If you get the influenza, see a doctor at once but 'why get it? Isn'tit worth while, instead, to takeevery precaution now, against getting it?Probably the best and first thingto do is to make sure you are in goodphysical condition. During an epidemic, almost wherever you go youare exposed to influenza. As long asyou are really well, the red corpuscles of your blood fight off and defeat disease germs. But when youare tired and run down, when youfeel all right except that you haven'tmuch energy or enthusiasm, yourblood is tired out too, and you arean easy victim.Pepto-Mangan has' become famous as a builder of rich, vigorousblood. It helps you up when youare run down. It helps you avoidillness. Or, it helps you recover, ifyou realize your poor physical condition too late.Physicians have been recommending Pepto-Mangan for years, incases of anemia (bloodlessness.) Itis reliable, effective, and has a record of over twenty-five years success. Take no chances with a -rundowncondition. Get Pepto-Manganto-day. It is good health insurance.Tepto-Mangan is sold in liquidand tablet form. There is no difference in medical value. Take eitherjkind you prefer. But be sure youget the genuine Pepto-Mangan"Gude's." The full name should beon the package. (adv)oECONOMY LOWERS AMOUNT OFNEWSPRINT PAPER USED.Publishers, largely through theintroduction of economics, decreased the amount of newsprint paperused last month by 9,565 tons, ascompared with the amount used inNovember, the Federal Trade Commission revealed in its monthlynewsprint paper review for December. Production during Decemberwas 122,718 tons, an increase of 21,746 tons over November.Total print paper production in1919 was 1,374,517 tons, as compared with 1,260,285 tons in 1918.Telephone No. 4West Fifh Street jjXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! jCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.There are people who never havea movement of the bowels without iris produced by a cathartic. Most ofthem have brought that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremeant to relieve. A jmild laxativetonic like Chamberlain's Tablets affords a gentle movement of the bowels that you hardly realize has beenproduced by a medicine, and theiruse is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.(feb-adv)oEPIDEMIC OF HICCOUGHS AFTERMATH OF INFLUENZA .DOLLARS AND CENTSCounting it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man may not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better if he did.It takes about ten days to get completely rid of a cold under the usualtreatment. That time can be muchshortened by taking Chamberlain'sCough Itemedy and proper care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thisremedy in the house is a mightygood investment during the winterand spring months.(feb-adv)COLLEGE PROFESSORS ADD TOSALARIES BY PREACHINGWith all the latest improvements m laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyAn unusual number of hiccoughcases have been reported to theUnited States Health Bureau, atWashington, by physicians in thelast few days. Scientists are at aloss to account for this, unless, asTin aftermath of influenza. The latter malady seems to be rapidly disappearing, but Dr. Fowler, Healthofficer of the district, is gravelyconcerned over the possibility of anepidemic of hiccoughs.Professors in Transylvania Collegeand the College of the Bible at Lexington add to their salaries by accepting pastorates of Christianchurches within convenient disdistance from Lexington. It is Absolutely necessary that they do this,for the average small college professor now-a-days is paid but little morefor his srevices than the skilledlaborer and often not as much. Efforts are to be made soon to increasethe salaries of the two Lexingtoninstitutions by at least 50 per cent.The Latest Song SensationsNew Pathe Records Just OutYou'd Be SurprisedHoneymoo Bells22235 (JACK NORWORTH)I Lotc You Just The Same. Sweet AdelineMississippi Moonlight(CAMPBELL AND BURR)22236 (SAM ASH)Slow and EasyYou Ain't Heard Nothing Yet22237 (EARNEST HARE)Some Day You'll Want Me Back (Maybe I Won't Want YuSwanee Shore(SAM ASH)22238 (HARRY McCLASKEY)The VampAll the Quakers Are Shoulder Shakers Down in Quaker Town22241 (PATRICOLA)Wonderful PalOn the Trail to Santa Fe(LEWIS JAMES)22242 (LEWIS JAMES AND CHAS HART)I've Got My Captain Working For Me NowI Want a Daddy (Who WiU Rock Me to Sleep)22243 (PALACE TRIO)Where the Lanterns Glow"Marilynn(WADSWORTH'S SAXOPHONE BAND)22244 (NICHOLAS ORLANDO'S ORCHESTRA)In Your ArmsSee Saw22245 (JOSEPH SAMUELS ORCHESTRA)Beautiful OhioYogjland22227 (ROYAL WAIKIKI HAWAIIANS)Daalar's Name and Address HeraHfeBrooks & SnappObjectsTHE UN I VERS AL CABThe" Ford One Ton Truck is a profitable"beast of burden" and surely has the "right ofway" in every line of business activity. For alltrucking purposes in the city and for all heavywork on the farm, the Ford One Ton Truckwith its manganese bronze worm-drive andevery other Ford merit of simplicity in design,strength in construction, economy in operation,low purchase price, stands head and shouldersabove any other truck on the market. Drop inand let's talkitoverand leave your order forone.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky,r;wmmmwmaamBwmmi-jjfci '1- t nia-.esau,-j-Bjii-aHji.g-grgMH;";PERIODIC BILIOUS ATTACKSm:iPersons subject to periodic biliousattacks will observe that their appelate fails them just before an attack.That is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it is meal time.If they will eat only a light mealand no (meat, then take twn n?X Chamberlain's Tablets the attankmay be avoided.& ' (feb-adv)r What to do tori"Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the aicidity of the. stomach, instantly relieves the food souring- andfermentation which causes themisery-making gases, heartburn,flatulence, fullness or pain instomach and intestines.A few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" bring relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach. They helpregulate disordered stomachs so fa-Jvorite foods can be eaten withoutdistress costs so little at drug Hr.'j 'M-sjijg;s;g-s nnAirTWtSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in fan's andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Homt Phont 3S9(till July 1)PARIS, KENTUCKYTffMTT" """""",stores. . (adv)-fTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYjA.COLDS breedsSireii INFLUENZAKILL THE COLDONCE WITH .BILL'SaSCARAlQUININOMIlStandard cold remedy fof 20 yearsa tablet torm safe, sure, noopiates breaks up a cold in Z4nours relieves rnp in 3 days.back if it tails. Tnegenuine box has a Redwith Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drug StmraA-TaWX-K. Moneyt'il.l.Q bSbx topFor the best Metal andComposition Roofing at theright price call at Mrs.Templin's Paint Store, 1330South Main Street, Paris,Ky.(till niarl-T)AetnaAvtoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesINFLUENZA BEAPPEABING INA MELD FOEM.General apprehension fcas beenfelt over the outbreak, in widelyscattered sections of the country, ofthe influenza. The scourge of lastyear is with us again, there is nodoubt of that Several cases of thedisease have been reported in Parisand the county, all of a light form,and the victims are on the road torecovery. But all over the nationpeople are dying of the disease thathas proven fatal in the majority ofcases.Many of those who. read this haveexperienced the fever and the painof influenza. They know what it is.It should warn them to take properprecautions to prevent the diseasehecoming widespread. The time tostop a plague is in the very beginning. We hope the influenza will not beas fatal this time as it was whenwith us last. But it may be, andwe are no alarmist. If the influenzaplague gains a foothold here some ofthe brightest and best beloved citizens of Paris and the county are aptto become its first victims. Thisthought should stimulate Us toproper and prompt action along thelines of prevention. Hundreds oflines of caution and suggestions tothe public have been printed, butwhat avail will they be if the people disregard them, and persist inliving in unsanitary surroundings,and indulging in insanitary practices? This is not intended to createalarm in the breast of anyone whoreads it, but it is the part of wisdom to expect another visitation ofthe influenza, in spite of any attempt or suggestion of making lightof the probability of such. Bewarned in time and take care ofyourselves, is the advice of ourHealth Officers and the physiciansof the county."SYROPiFIGS"ISA. J. FEE:AGENTLAA4AAAAAAAAAAAArW WW WW V W WW W wODLAXATIVEFOR CHILDLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach. liver andBowelsSouthern Optical Co.2 IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingI SPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LensI WKI W wVf--- 'i u n ai K MixtrlTRANSYLVANIANS PLANHERO MEMORIAL.WAEThe Executive Committee ofTransylvania College, at a recentmeeting, gave hearty approval ofthe movement headed by former service men of the college to prepare amemorial as permanent recognitionof the Transylvanians who died inservice during the world war. Thematter has been taken in hand by acommittee of service (men, whosechairman is Henry J. Tunstall.It has been decided that the memorial shall take the form of abronze ,tablet to be placed in thechapel 'of Morrison College, its costto be defrayed by the service men.A. committee was appointed to gainneeded information and to makesuggestions, and its recommendations as to the style and cos of' thetablet have been agreed upon, andit is desired, if possible, to arrangefor the dedication to take placeWashington's birthday.The inscription of the tablet asat present agreed upon reads as follows: Roll of HonorErected to the Memory ofTRANSYLVANIANSWho Died in Service in the WorldWarR. M'LACHLAN,J. C. HOBBS,J. G. BOONE,W. J. DONALDSON,R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,R. G. HOLBROOK,H. H. CHINN,F. V. MEEK,H. GALBRAITH,W. S. YARBROUGH,J. W. NEAL,C. REDDIN.Presented by the service men andwomen of Transylvania, 1920."These gallant men of our armedforces have fought for the idealswhich they knew to be the ideals oftheir country." Woodrow Wilson,3918.oPREACHER SEES DIRE THINGSIN PROHIBITIONRevolution is likely to follow inthe wake of prohibition, accordingto the Rev. Dr. G. Campbell Moigan, pastor of Westminister Chapel.London, now visiting in Syracuse,New York."Whenever a great country banishes strong drink it must .preparefor a revolution," he declared fromthe pulpit. "When a man stopsdrinking he begins to think. Allthat happened in Russia in the revolutionary line has occurred sincevodka was abolished. WheneverLondon goes dry her east end willarise."Commenting on prohibition in theUnited States, Dr. Morgan said:"It will be wonderful when thecountry is entirely dry and adjusted to it, but it will be some time before you get settled down."oKENTUCKY FIFTH IN 1919 COALPRODUCTION.4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.Accent "California" Svrun of Fiersonly look for the name Californiauu me jjaunnge, tucu yuu itie suitsyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it withlout fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)Red hair is regarded as beautifulin Turkey and consequently manywomen dye their hair that shade.tOOOOOt 0000O00O00000000O0O0t0ffffREDUCED PRICESONIClover and AlfalfaMayBuying in large quantities hasenabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a special price on our preseut stock ofhay. Phone your order beforeour stock is sold.'.!Perry, McCann & MitchellBoth Phones S4The estimate of the United StatesGeological Survey on coal productionin States for 1919 made public,places last year's production in Kentucky at 28,500,00 tons, comparedwith 31,610,617 tons in 1918 and'M, 807,917 in 1917. The coal, bituminous production for the UnitedStates in 1919 is estimated at 4,588,063,000 tons. The estimates arebased on reports from coal carryingrailroads. Past experience, the Geological Survey says, indicates thatThat the total estimates will not varjper cent, from these figures, butthat state figures may vary more,rince it is not always possible to accurately determine the exact originof all shipments reported. The estimates how Pennsylvania still leading, West Virginia still second withabout 75,500,00 tons, Illinois third.Ohio fourth, Kentucky fifth, thesame relative records as last year."NEAR EAST RELIEF FUND FORSTARVING ARMENIANS ;Mr. Herbert Hoover says: "Inthe Near East is the most desperatesituation in the world."All they ask just bread and achance. The little children are sohungry that they crack the bonesihey find in nearby graveyards' andeat the marrow greedily.A campaign for the Near East Relief Fund will be put on in Bourboncounty, beginning Monday. February 16.The quota for this county is only$4,200. The woik is being organized and the people of the county willhave the privilege of contributingto this most worthy caute.Miss Olivia E Orr is the CountyChairman, and Miss Mary E. Spears,County Treasurer. The sub-chairmenwill be announced later.The Rev. E. L. Powell, of Louisville, is ' the State Chairman andMajor John H. Leathers, the StateTreasurer.BULLDOG SAVES LIFE OF HEROWNER.Stella, a Boston bulldog belongingto Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Bryan, ofNew York, saved the life of Mrs.Bryan by an astonishing act of animal sagacity.According to Mrs. Bryan, as shewalked past a gas heater in the dining room of her fiat, her kimonoswept against the open flame andcaught fire. She screamed andStella bounded in from the kitchen.Stella, Mrs. Bryan asserts, jumped at her and with teeth and pawtore off the blazing kimono.The dog then barked, summoningneighbors, and guided them to Mrs.Qryan, who was only slightly burned, but fainted, from shock.oExtravagance rots character :tram youth away from it. On the?ther hand, the habit 'of savingmoney, while it stiffens the will,ilso brightens the energies. If -youI .vould be sura that you are begin-m3KwMmWlLUjXSw' yBBitypP3B2lBapaaaaiMHaaaaaaaaaB"HBBBff'C '!&BHBeaBBBBBaaKis twice as Big-v"There's a World of Solid ComfortIntheRichMedTinYES, sir, we mean that same warm red and goldtin that smiles a welcoming; "Howdy" to you inevery tobacco store. Know what those colors mean?oThe red is for the friendly warmth, the mellowcheeriness, that Velvet puts into your old pipe. Andthe gold is where the Kentucky sunshine, that ripengood old Velvet, has just sort of soaked through. "'IT:r4fcJw "inftaRemember what Velvmt Jomsaid about it?"You've met canned meat andcanned music. Ever see any tinnedsunshine? Well, look Unto anyVelvet tin."x$o3'.-.,And think this over;'"i 5V . v . -v... '-;- " : A-- '.'" - A "-'A-t1-.iITs-,We don't have to hide Velvet's taste or smell witha lot of this, that and the other thing. Because Velvethas naturally what pipe smokers want real simonpure tobacco taste and fragrance. It's just good, honestKentucky leaf, made still more friendly and mellow bytwo years' ageing in wooden hogsheads. Just good .tobacco. That's all. But it's mighty near enough forthe man who wants a pipeful of tobaccQ and not a boxof bon bons.?1The picture of a pipe on the tin needn't keep youfrom rolling a jim-dandy cigarette with Velvet!v..ij ntEgmJMHow's the Velvet holding out in your old red tin?C7:y-x-the friendly tobacco3fKwSmi 8THE Ol0-Vmc - THE KRYPTOlA ?A( BIFOCAl rW BIFOCAL I jj- - II,yuA . HfTTHTUVflHeadquarters For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mixed feed; also white oats andfertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseMwwgEii;it-lKTiliifcir;tiiwri&imberland Phone 937Home Phone 2S7EnmaniniDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drug Store."OEO. W. DAVIS "FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 239.Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky" 'r 1 -irttfH)1. 'J'V A'T"t'Jel.rl'JImfa 11U191IIIxdore Roosevelt.f v?v,"i -jrik t r &j t ii!v tnnjrrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY If, 1W.r r-"3TfllE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND II Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 3cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax;.. ...3:' .t :: :MILLERSBURG DEATHS.r 4 A A A A A A " 4 t. ,1 m1;ii-uintf,LM' Mr. E. S. Wadell, of Paris, isthe jpiest o his brother, Mr. W.'D.Wadell. .-Mrs. Willie IcVey, 'of Ewing,is the" guest of Mr. C. R. Jones andfamily.Mr. T. L. Marshall and familyare spending the month of- February "in-Flol-i da. ."...,."Prof. Arnold was called to Louisville Thursday, where his wifefideijwent ?.n 'operation for gall-Mrs. Amanda Mastin has soldier"propertV occupied by Mr. andMrs. fDexter' Power, to Mr. E. H.Sferst,. far $1,000.'s-t Mr. G-. W Bramblette purchasje -the-: farm o the late -Mr. Oscar F.Johnson near Winchester, some4aysago, at fmore-than $300 peracre. . .Mr. C. C. Chanslor has sold hisproperty, recently 'purchased fromfxw .Taras Martin, to Mr. Martin,fof an advance of . $14,000. It isxnraoredthat Mr. Martin has againMld the same.: Mr.. Thomas Clarke and family,who lecentiy arrived here from Oklahoma, whei'e they have residedfor'a number of years, left Fridayfor their new home at Simpson vi lie.where Mr. Clarke will conduct adaiiy faun.The remains of Mrs. WallaceLayson, who djed at her home inKansas, were interred in the Millersburg Cemetery Saturday afternoon. Mr. Layson was a brother ofMrs. America Tarr.Bom At the 'Baptist Hospital.sn.Mepaphis, Tenn.,.J3unday, to thewife of Jos. M. Miller, a daughter,christened Martha Poston Miller.Mrs. Miller was formerly- Miss LucileIaily, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. W.G.'Dailey, of this city.-Mr. O. E. Hurst attended the"funeral of Mr. Robert Sparks, atGeorgetown. Friday. Mr. Sparkeswas theldest agent .for : the HurstHome' Insurance Co.,' and has "beenwith the ccpnpany since its organization; ' ' .- ". -- Mr. BeVt M-cClintock sold on'Saturday afternoon at "public -ile hishome on-Trig avenue; to Mr. JamesMai tin, for $6,300. Mr. ".Mai tinvlso purchapd the saiiie afternoonat public sale the pioperty of tinlate Mr. C. N. Johnson, now ocenpi-t-byMr. J W. Markland:a'nd family, on Tine street. -;' THE SICK--Miss Jane Marr"d Milford Potts, who are ill witfiscarlet fever, are improving-" nicoly.Mr.. G. L. Hill, who is ill with tluflu," is able to sit up. Mr. RalphBecraft i's ill with double pneumonia. The sick students at the M.M L are improving nicely. Severalof the student body have bri n htrickfn fcince leaving theTe. v; KNOX.Mrs. Bettie Knox, widow ofThomas Knox, died Friday at herhome near North Middletown. Sheis survived, by one son, CharlesKnox, of, : Bourbon county. Thefuneral was held Saturday at NorthMiddletown, with services conduct-Y . . .... . . . . r -.t -. rn-ea at uiei grave oy cev. a. iu. under, pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church.MEDL.IN.'Following a long illness,. due tothe infirmities of age, Mrs. SeniaMedlin, "aged seventy-three, diedFriday morning at her hqme on theAshbrook farm, on the Hume andBedford pike, near Paris.Mrs. Medlin was the widow 'of Jas.Medlin, who preceded her to thegrave several years ago. She is survived by three sons, William,Charles and Thomas Medlin, of thecounty, and by two sisters and threebrothers.The v funeral was held Saturdayafternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at the graveside, inthe Paris Cemetery, by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.TODAY, TUESDAYPEGGY HYLNDin "The Web of Chance"The girl captures her suppbsed criminal, and a Justice of the Peace passes sentencefor life.alsoTomorrow, WednesdayMaurice Tourneur PresentsTHE LIFE; LINE"Pounded on' the --world famous melodrama of the sea.AlsoWILLIAM DUNCANin 'SMASHING BARRIERS'Also Bray Pictograph"Topics of the Day"and PHzma Color Picture"Oahiu"Thursday, February 12thELAIN HAMMERSt EINin "Greater Than Fame":A stirring analysis of woman's deepest emotions.Vod-aVil MoviesCristie Comedy, 'A Flirt There Was'" and Pathe ReviewGregg's Orcliestjra Playing Afternoon and EveningGEISRIETER.A message was received hereSunday hy Mr. and Mrs. George H.Preston, of Duncan avenue, tellingof the death in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, Sunday jniorning after a longillness, of Mrs. E. C. Geisrieter. Thetelegram gave no particulars. Mr.Preston's daughter, Mrs. J. W.Taj lor, left immediately for PineBluff, to attend the funeral andburial, which will probably takiplace Tuesday or Wednesday.Mrs. Geisrieter was formerly MissI Linda Chinn. a native of Masoncounty. She was a cousin of Mrs.PrettcHi, and a niece of Mrs. JohnLarue, of near Sbawhan. Herdaughter, formerly Miss MaryChinn, married J. Hall Miller, prominent business (man of Atlanta,Georgia, and a former resident ofMillisburg.Grand Opera House Monday, Feb. 16 "FriVAl;:oc Af"1Q9fl"Return Engagement of the Smashing Musical Revue Hit of the Season 1 1 1 V Ull 11 Vu Ul llMVi.Thp vniiTiP- mnrrifi.'l frH.- o.ti'a n Pans.-" J """ D . . .-r.....-- (-.... iiWOODALL.Mrs. Sallie G. Woodall, agedthirty-two, died in the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Fridaynight, following a protracted illness.The remains were brought to thehqme of her mother, Mrs. Belle Gibson Taul in this city.Mrs. Woodall was the daughter ofL. D. and Belle Gibson, the latterhaving married Thomas Taul, ofParis. She is survived, besides hermother by two children, two sisters,Misses Mary and Gertrude Stone, ahalf-sister, Mrs. Olive Taul Terwilliger, one brother, Will 'Stone, and ahalf-brother, Ussery Taul, all ofdance at the Opera. House. Wednesday night, which was enjoyed, by allpresent. There were, about" Xcrtycouples en the floor. The ir-jsic wasfurnished. by the Smith Orchestra, ofLepdngtori.- jAt .midnight a temptinglunch was served., at .the: JcigdonHopse. All qt the surroundingtowns were . represente,d.X - - BUY EARLY.A.iond eur February and 'MaiohCash Sale early. - We feave youmcv.e. 'THE J. T. H1NTON CO.o8'UJi BIRTHS.In Winchester, to the wife ofPerry Ml Sby, formerly of Paris, rfcOQ.Near Paris, to the. wife of Ros-coe Carmichal, a son; weight 74nounds: third child, and first &on.Mrs. Carmichael was formerly MissOlive Carter, of Owingsville.. i JDELEGATES TO GRAND LODGEThe following have been elected,as delegates to represent RathboneLodge, Knights of Pythias, at themeeting- of the Grand Lodge, which"will convene in Pineville, nextJune: Walter Blythe, D. Y. L. Farley, .P. J. McCord, John K. Cahal. L.Wollstein, R. B. Dickerson and Wm.White. kThe funeral was held Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The pall-bearers were: Harry Baldwin,' Robert C. Talbott, M. F. Kenney, D. D. Cline, J. F. Trisler andDr. W. C. Ussery.oBURN'S.Following a long illness fromtuberculosis, Miss Annie C. Burns,aged thirty-three, one of the mostpopular teachers in the county,died at her home near Centervillc,Sunda, at midnight.Miss Burns was a daughter ofThcpnas Burns and Mary DeignanBurns, both natives of Ireland.Her father died about four yearsago, the death of his widow following a year later. Miss Burns taughtjin the public schools of Bourboncounty several years, and was considered one of the most capable andaccomplished teachers in the county.She is survived by one sister, MissTmmMmmmBSEKauismBSBSSBmmmsBSSmKm. aw J -. -illiiiiiiiiHiBiiiHiHliHBBHHHwtw bb mot ' mM &m . -'v ,'s' ' -LaBBBF M aaBBBK. w v5MB' n'j k .-yv aBBaBBBHBBBBBBaaPBBHBaPsaBlmSsSKHBSE&&XrfnBP - aw - ' '!? $ j aaaay ., y -rjaaaaaM. W,- &r -. '-'?& rvaBHar - -aBHanSyDHHCiaBmMmMBBHBBsm" JF' ' r ik?v,I iSF-, -m" aBBaaai bbk w W - 9aaEi - " aBBK9JaaBVnBMBViMaaawfr3flnBacaaaaaaavK4BBK iw bxs aW v ?wtt aaa&. v&2i.KKKB K naM j Aat BaaaaFiaaL vaaBBBBBBMaarT7?? aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawBESavaaaaaaTBaaaaaaDaV-3??lavjBvavawaaaEwiBaafc jc-o m, lMs JF x - $car . ? .uMjaaaaayv ? BaavaaaaavaK'BBT t Ibh. 3bvm .jVTaaBFavM .'BaaaaaaaK . i -KEBBEBaBnBEVAUttSBBavwapBBaUBaBaBffnb vV 9C. Bac . . .EwwwMiOtt8BBaBBb vraBBBBBBBBBaKLB BBBBBBBBBBBBBK 9BBB&. BBr 3BBPaBBt SBBBBBBBa- 5 aBBBBBBBBBBBBBnHBBDBBBBBBBBbiaBBBBBlaBuBEKHaBRaiaBiaaBBE3nK!flHVA. s v wa K9 jo,irvMrtw vBBBBBf? 'xt BBBBBBBBBBEdBfek Ki aBBBBBBBBBBBBBc dBBBBBk& vWaBK-. O i 49BF9BBr ' BhBBBBB 'BBBBBBBuBBBVBBEEOvBBlBwaBBBBBBlgap8HgjBjBgfe: g ', , v'1'' rRl " TaiaTr XaTaTaa'aiaiBTaiaikHr'Br- '" ifg C'-T c,v nftMBBfBfflKBaBtiBfBHeBbhHP -- ::-j' ' - asil1Laar ''f 'aTaW5-'s" vbmbS JbbbW R '"a iwSlal ;' Ax"' X;-- '"'" " K9SS9PaaaBHSaHHr - J , ; '1HbkIVHl 'Vbk bVHbbA wfeSm?sylKm "-, - - BBaBHBBaBBMBaHaBa? ? " ? jaav ? -waaaak-.Nv ' bbbbb jaaaaaaBK' & k-i . k ' '.-i -: s v m ' w aaBanaa&BBBaaBasaBBaaw --- j --sri aa--;:- aaaw iBaaaaaaalBaaBBBaBaHBB-jV t- " a?-r-- rBiaaBBBBaBBrhBRk-- -; ;y - :W-c1mhF i.H' y:'aBaMaBfiiBmaBfaTfiTcTaBHHBiiM4 "ml- - -aWv - - ' M ' btMbtIBBBfs3BKf - . C !ww.vSTBR y BBf . ' wBBBBBBBBpaBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaBL V Bk." aBBBRnL.'"'"; .Nak - BHESBBMbbbbf ym&xM'--jm- rvsaaT aaBaaaaaHK. 9avaaaaaaaaaaaBsaflakT.-ML. aaaBgr Am? aa- .- ,-'.' -asBraalbtbtJf '"- 'hm-', f jbV-m araTK'IBTBBTaTaTBTaTBTHB -"' sbhM. " Vv -.S: SHBaP!Lr ' ' yX.$-..xMMakBBaaraaaBpaBPaaaMIB9BHMM aaaamv: lar"'aai - Q59MBfift ; ;sVVaHMBlBBaBaBaVAHMMMtoBHMVjr r MMmYaWv ' hK.' .-' vjHnbebIBf-BBm ..-; ' ir.-aTam JBBHaaBHMMffaHaW ,- 4-" JHalBHBHBk. j&T"i - MMK" &BaHMMaHMaaHBaaHMMMMMMMBaaHMMVABMMMMMV ': BBMMfe- v- : ' W' mVAmBHmIBHMMMMMMMMMBaaVaa vX?jHF v BT : MMW.lBBMMMMBBHBBBHBBHVaHMMMMMVBHMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMaBFBHMMMM JBBF ' aBMMMMBMaaVat s vBBMMMaaVK? O w - Vtv BHMMMaAHMMMaaVaa)BBBBBBBBBBBBj 'j, aBBBjyKUpHHSgaBBBraBBBB - '-BBBBBkP, V ., - BMBBBBBBBBBBBBHMaBBMMMl ' , ?J- l ' jljaBBHHHBaBJHlHBBBBJHBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBv ' laaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlBBBaBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBB-''' -.MBBBBBK "x-'CMBBBBBBBBBBBBBbBBBBFiMBBt' ' 'iaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaBaf'' -vBhe BBBBBBBBBBBBlBaW' JayBaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTanBHBBBBBBBBW aBBHBatertaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBHHWith an Entire New Show.Larger Chorus and Several New Principals. 5t-PEOPLE-58. Orchestra and Jazz Band.; Riot of Funr Color, Music and Beautiful Girls.SEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE-BUY NOWPRICES 50c TO $1.50 PLUS WAR TAXRELIGIOUS.Catherine Burns, and four brothers.Will, George, John and ThomasBurns, all residents of the county.The funeral wiTTbe held at teno'clock to-morrow (Wednesday)morning at the Churbh of tiie Annuciation, in ihis city, with servicesconducted by Rev. Father. ThomasJ. Coleman. The burial will followon the family lot in the CatholicCemetery. The pall-bearers will be:Wm. Welsh, Ed. Welsh, John Welsh,James Welsh, George Deignan andJohn Deignan, all coiicins of the c!e-1 ceased.. REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFarmers and Traders BankDoing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 3 0th day of January, 1920:RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts . ?3S1,S50 4JOverdrafts, secured and unsecured 9.286.97Stocks, Bonds and other Secuiities 36,812.50Que from Banks ' 122,679.05Cash om hand ... .. 18,563.54Checks and oher cash items .. 10,843.59Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 600.00r V ' ' '"" a - Total $580,636.08, ' LIABILITIES:0tfiul Stock paid in, in cash ". .: . . .... .7 Y 60,000.00Surplus Fund ,. . . - . 17,500.00Undivided Fronts, less expenses ana taxes paid i-,yi-.iDeposits subject to-check . $464,952.27 -Tkne Deposits .. .. . 35,664.58 500,616.85At a meeting of the Men's BibleClass of the Paris Presbyterianchurch resolutions were adopted,strongly condemning and ppposingthe suggested opening of movieshows on Sunday afternoon. Theresolutions were signed by Chas. B.Mitchell, president, and Garret Jeffoison, secretary, of the class.The ladies of St. Peter's Epis- 'copal church will have an all-daysewing to-day in the parish room ofihe church. .,Rev. Walter S. Cain, of Ashe- ,ville, North Carolnia, who ftas accepted the rectorship of St. Peter's!Episcopal church, in Paris, will also ibe in charge of the Episcopal church Iat Cynthiana. He will conduct ser-jvices in the Paris chaurch in the jdbtrnorning,and at Cynthiana in theevening. Rev. Cain is expected totake charge here about March 1.At a meeting of the congregationof the Methodist church, held Sunday, the following resolutions opposing the opening of the movies onSunday afternoon, were adopted:"Whereas, Efforts are being madeto have the moving picture shows ofParis openod and operated on Sunday afternoon, and"Whereas. Such opening is contrary to the commandment of God,violates our State law regardingSabbath observance, and is againstthe highest moral interests of our: people.I "Theiefoio, be it resolved by the' nembers of the Paris MethodistI church, in Church Conference a?.sembled, that ve enter our most solemn pi otest against such openingj and operation and That we will us&! ovfirv lnilrlrlilr TinAfin in nroi'dnf tliosame."C. H. GREER, President."John Kiscr, Secretary.Tkne DepoDue1 Banks and Trust CompaniesReserve for taxes . ..00747.12,.- Total : $580,636.08STATU OF KENTUCKY,Gotmry of Bourbon Set."Wey-Prank P. Kiser and W. W. Mitchell, President and- Cashier ofth above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement isMrtfe Id the best of our knowledge and belief. -,-. - ' -FRANK P. KISER, ' President.' i- W. W.' MITCHELL,- Cashier. '..'Subsciibed and sworn to before me this 6th day of February, 1920;.TOHN-W. YERKES, Notary Public. - u'My Commission expires juarcn zb, 1323. -Correct Attest:- . M. HUME PAYNE,lr..V "G. K. JONES,"D. W. PEED.tDirectors,! T'l'irv nootnv rF tVio "CtTcf Tlorktictchurch spoke Sunday night on the"Sabba-h or The Moving PictureSnow."' At the conclusion of hismessage the whole audience stood upon the proposition condemning theSunday movies, and pledged theirsupport in fighting any and all efforts made to introduce theJSundayafternoon jmovies. The church auditorium was filled, every seat, including the front to the back. -The Tas-H-or,alter presenting the Sabbath,its arigin, object, purpose, and howHt was desecrated, gave the originsgrowth, object, aim and method ofi movies, the immoral, immodestshows: their effect on the individual, the home, the community, etc.Tlie Sunday School. the'W. M. U. andthe whole church have gone on rrrd opposing and condemning the; Sunday movies."! 0 :j As a general thing when a man Jworships the ground a wqman walkscn-it isn't long until she's matinshim eat dirt. 1Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCE SALEThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider the jadvance market prices. jBUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALF11F JillifilJ. Jip'jUSiV.TQffi W1flIHATi W' fill 5 TA1ZIShoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to $7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00. .Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glazeo! "Kid highgrade boots, values to $8.50,Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray Kid Bootsreduced to $34-5Big lot Ladies' $5.00 Tan Cloth Tob, Lace" Boots reduced to . . '. $299'Big lot Ladies' Kid "Shoes, warmlined, $3.00 values'; at 1 .99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.99Dark" Tan English, Gun Metal and ViciKid, values to $8.50.Another lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlack Good Work Shoes at.... $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at $ 1 .69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to $2.99Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoesreduced to $ 1 .OOBoys', Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00 Shoes at ..S 1 .99Boys' and Youths' H gh Grade .Shoes, worth $5.50, at $3.49ftDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Rci jn'" r '(' '-i,.V"4OJ-cr. -V -K.A5. b"if rTi(r J J