Fvr 1.&- ". --y i'1 :,"N,"5 '!---$rfj";-rf' vX :"THE BOURNEWS&&-&,. "vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAtVOLUME XL"SfPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1920.VV 'W S V - J. Tfc-t " X " M4BON,ib -- ..a.ju XUXUWfMiA IIiSSIUr3l:59S?3Sr HATOED PROGRESSIVE CLUB MOVEMENT""" m nirAnniijjiit U&5In the United States District CourtINAUGURATED HERE:A mnVPIYlOnt' inniimivnJ W.. 1nf P.inriTiTioti T :, ,-r., t, "s "TV"'"1-"a'"foUlc4":u " LUCw, OUU6C j-eui iianaea yx-ans iuerary UJub to co-ordinatedown a decision involving points of the scattered and divided efforts ofmaterial .interest at issue in the case club women in this city and countyof the George Alexander & Co., State has been favorably launched here.Bank, of Paris. .The Literary Club, which, has thriv-George C. Speer, then State Bank- ed for more than a score of years,mg Commissioner of Kentucky,' has issued a request to the membersbrought suit against the Fifth- of the other clubs to join in the deThird National Bank, of Cincinnati, veloifcnent of one organization, to beto recover approximately the sufcn of known as the Bourbon County Wo$35,000, alleged to have been realiz- man's Club. The Progressive Culed by the Fif th-T4iird bank on col-, ture Club of Pans, is almost as oldlateral given to it as security for an organization as the Paris Literloans made to the Alexander bank, ' ary Club, with which it has workedalleging that the Paris bank had no unostentatiously for promoting andpower under its charter to borrow in furthering the cultured and moralexcess of $10,000. j life of the community.The Banking Commissioner asked The proposed plans for the coisol-lor an oiaer ot Court striking from ' idation of the clubs are not yet fullythe files the answers of the Fifth-' matured, but those who are leadingThird National Bank. Judge Peck's ' in the progressive step., advocatedecibion for the greater part sustains ' four departments of work civics,the defense set up by the bank and current events, art and music, withdenied the motion. a directing chairman for each. TheIn connection with the Banking present organizations of BourbonConVnissioner's objection to the de-j county women affiliated with thefense of the bank that he has suits . State Federation of Clubs are theREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS..E. C. Sanders purchased of HarryBaldwin, the McCarthy property located on Williams street, for $2,-500.Mr. and Mrs. Nick Nagle havesold their 1-story frame cottage licated on Vme street, to Elbert Minton, of Paris, for ? 1,3 00.Mrs. J. T. Martin and niher heirsof the late Richard J. Brown, soldthe cottage located at the corner ofPleasant and Eleventh streets, toJos. It. Farmer, for $4,000.PUBLIC SALES.Auctioneer Speakes also conduct-A VIoHav . Tt Jedithe miblir. iA nf nZrC-?; ' ", , .L JLjf1 unaay,-, --- i.Biuvtt, ciu., JiiaiacuTHE HOSPITAL FUHD.for James L. Shanks, on the wm- speaking of 'tto Hassle hSdiiSlit. .!?. Eaf Pa- One pair of Fund: ParisLon To th? "Tillone cow fo siSi- iV0r $400: thVhis c'Paisn is put over in aone cow foi ?190; one bay mare, satfactory r-ianner, for in tiat in-$l4;eaoh Pny' m-50' "Wckens'aitution they certainly nave some-Tw vwwm, I i fiiTin Trt rn nAi J -rrf -.ir o vu uc jfiwuu oi. we nave o-neBverythins offered'at th. nwiJJ!LT T?' 5 7-1 .are- ?"3t"?? vesJ?. t.. belongmg to top. We don't propose to w Zweooer, and conducted . institution e-o hPjrsrJr.o- fnr. ,tt,.-either. All they have to do is tostate their desires, and our businessmen see that they are granted."Does that kind of spirit animatepending against the former directors of the Alexander bank for Recovery ot monies alleged to be dueParis Literary Club, Mrs. W. G. Talbott, president; The Progressivei Culture Club, Mrs. George W. Stu-Wm. L. Brannock, of near Paris,recently purchased of T. F. Brannock, a small farm of fifty acres,located on the Paris and RuddlesMills pike, near Paris, for $10,000.depositors and other creditors of the j art. president: The Bourbon Countybank, and that the directors are I Health and Welfare League, Mrs.good for all the valid claims of the James McClure, president; Schoolbank, Judge Peck holds that it is , Improvement League, The Twentinot well taken, and that this is aieth Century Club, of Millersburg,valid defense. The Court stated in! Mrs. J. Elgin Poole.president; andthis connection that if the defendant the North Middletown Woman'sFifth-Third National Bank is liable Club, Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson,at all, it is to the unsatisfied creditors and depositors after the Banking Commissioner has exhaustedsuch courses in action as were enforceable by the corporation itself.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe March term, of Bourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday withCircuit Judge Robert L. Stout onthe bench, and Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley at his post".The Grand Jury "was ilmpaneledand sworn in. The jury is composed of the following: Charles C.Clarke, foreman; M. J. Lavin, RayBurris, B. M. Renick, Ayelette Jpresident.WHY NOT A CLEAN-UP CLUB?Spring will be with us again veryshortly now, and the question ofcommunity beauty and sanitationwill come to the fore.What's the matter with having a"Clean-Up" Club in this town?Why can't we have an organization of public spirited men and women whose business it would be toencourage the cleaning up and beautifying of the towi?S,uch an organization would accomplish wonders in a short spaceof time. We haven't a citizen whoSam Jones sold his property inFairview Addition, in North Middletown, to Carlton Wells, who hasmoved to the place. Mr. Jones purchased the property of T. H. See, on'College street, Mr. See moving to thePeteis property on Levy street.John McLain, of near Paris, purchased Friday, of Mr. and Mis. Geo.Harper, for investment purposes,two frame cottages located in Bourbon Heights Addition to Pans, for$3,000. The sale was made throughthe Bishop & Flora real estateagency of Paris.Chajrles Aby Auctioneer George D. Speakes on'tllf 'Tiromiono t--o.V Tj t ' -. .qt""w, "cai JTcUis, DrOUgHtgood prices. Heifers sold for $35 to$75 cows, $100 to $165: sows $3lo?n5;i!Wl-a?d Pigs' $35; shats,the people of Bourbon county? Wei,i,l w -r110' ".!) -u $j. a are sure everyone is proud of th.house and lot, opposite the Webber Massie Memorial Hospital, for it isplace, belonging to the Kennev univmnilv PAd t i, Ji,;i8ivwa8 S0ld at tile saie time for best in the State. The Hosnital ismaking an effort to raise the sum of$2,f25rAuctioneerGeorge D. Sneakesmalres the following report of thefaale&'of livestock, crops, farming implements, etc., belonging to BruceHaiinon, conducted by him on thepremises near Little Rock: Horsessold for $120 to $140 a head; cows,$85 to $110 a head; corn$10, to $10.80 per barrel; baled hay, $40 a ton; chick-$4v,vvv, ror needed improvementsand it is imperative that the peopleof this city and county see that it islaised. The amount is near thegoal, but many have not yet contributed who can do so. Let somepublic-spirited man imitate the example of the Youngstown, Ohio, attorney, who provided in his willthat the sum of $6,000, half the incdme on a building block valued atens, $1 to $1.50 each; gobblers. $100,000, owned bv him. should!,.. .ff x U-t TTNU1 : J.1 J. x --. .$8.&u eacb; country bacon, fortv-eight cent a pound; householdeffects and farming implements soldat good figures.T .-V..W , -Buckrfer, Wm. F. Saunders, Henry ! wouldn't heartily co-operate m sucnS. May. Redmon Talbott, R. L. Wil- a movement; ana many, once it wunder wayt would go to greatlengths to outdo others andarry offtheprize.And a prize, we would suggest.son, Jas. L. Dodge? J. Frank Clayand Samuel Clay.Judge Stout delivered the usualt. uni,!-. v.nm fnf dimiid hp. eriven not for the bestful and diligent in the discharge of .place, but for the ?ne showing thetheir duties, and to give especial at- j greatest improvement. 'tention to ferreting out cases of vio- Sanitation is necessary ,to health,lation of the gaming and local op- and we can't have sanitation wiuition laws. lout cleanliness. And cleanlinessDuring the motion hour a number ! can be produced only through theof pleadings were filed. The ordi-; systematic co-operation of the entirenary appearance docket was called community.hy Judge Stout and several cases set We believe such a movementfor trial. The Court adjourned at would prove popular in Paris. . cernoon until nine o'clock this-morn- tainly its benefits would be manyand far reaching.- THE NEWS wants only one officeman's in such a club that of chiefbooster.The Bishop & Flora real estateagency sold recently for Miss Imogene Redlmon frame cottage locatedin Thornton Division, this city, toJos. Thorn, of Nicholas county, for$2,000. Mr. Flora recently sold twocottages located on South Cliftonavenue.Harry L. Mitchell sold Saturdayfor j Homer Soard a five-acre tract ofland lying on the Lexington pike, atthe intersection of the Bethlehempike, to-F. P. Bramel, for $4,500.On the same day Mr. Mitchell soldfor T. E. Waterfield a house and lotlocated on Elizabeth street, in WhiteAddition, to J. E. Minogue, for aprivate price.BASKET BALL.The Danville 'Messenger says:""The Kentucky Girls' Interscholastic Basket Ball Tournament will takeplace in the Y. M."C. A. gymnasiumat Paris, on "Friday and Saturday,March 12 and 13. Teams of the highschools in Central Kentucky, including Danville, have been invited totake part, and local 'fans' would liketo see a local five win the Statehonors."tne Hospital, m that city. But don'twait until your death has deprivedthe community of a good citizen tomake your contribution to the Massie Memorial Hospital fund. Come in )PROHIBITION ENPORCEMEHTt BILL PASSED IIT SEKATEA prohibition enforcement measure modeled on the Volstead nationallaw was passed by the KentuckySenate with only six votes againstit. Those opposing were SenatorsBranstetter, Burton, Early, Metzger,Perry and Simmons.This virtually marks an end of afight which has been carried on inKentucky for years. The large majorities by which both Houses andSenate passed the bill indicates howchanged are conditions frcto. thoaestormy days when Kentucky. Legislators were divided into bitterlyhostile camps of "wets" and "drys"and when every vote was influencedby the antagonistic sentiments.The bill prohibits manufacture,sale or transportation of any beverage containing more than one-halfof one per cent, of alcohol, except formedicinal, sacramental, mechanicalor scientific purposes. Not more thanone pint of whisky in ten days maybe prescribed by a physician or soldby a druggist to one consumer. Excepted from provisions of the law aresuch preparations containing alcohol as standard medical retnedies,patent medicines, toilet preparations, flavoring extracts, etc., whichare unfit for beverage purposes.Punishments for violating the la-winelude a fine of $50 to $300 and imprisonment from 30 to 60 days forsubsequent effenses. Buildings or-mg.The surest way to getgoat is to butt in.KRANK'&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS i 'SPRINGSHOWING' & .tPolo Coats ..-SuitsSilk and Jersey Dresses""Chintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk jGeorgette arid Crepe de Chene:; Waists!Hiand .Made Voile and BatisteWaists. :'I Plain arid Fancy SkirtsThe G. O. Tuck Co. recently transferred their large redrying plant onTwentieth street, in the old FairGrounds Addition to Paris, to theInternational Planters' Association;of New York, for 11,000. It ispaid that the transfer will make nochange in the operation of the Parisplant, which will continue underthe control of the Tuck Co.Thiough the Paris Realty Co.,William S.. Dale sold Saturday toGeorge cHarper, of Virginia avenue,his hcne on Henderson street at aprivate price. On the same day thereal estate firm of Bishop & Florasold for Stuart & O'Brien a lot onMt. Airy avenue to Robert Johnson,for $1,600. Mr. Johnson will erecta nice home on the lot in the earlyspring.r VI , ,FRANK & CO.LADIES'. OUTFITTERSu'XThe J. W. Estes farm of seventy-three acres, located on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, and known aspart of the Albert S. Thompsonfarm, has been sold through theHarris, Speakes & Harris real estateagency of Paris, to McManus &Vaughn, of Fayette county, for$285 per acre. The same farmsold to Mrs. Mary Reese, for $2,400,a cottage located on Nineteenthstreet, belonging to Thos. F. Brannon, of Lexington.J. N. Crockett purchased of RileyBradburn two lots in the FairviewAddition to North Middletown, andwill erect a residence on one oftheth at once. Dr. L. R. Henry,who-recently purchased pait of theRobinson farm on the Mt. Sterlingpike, near' North Middletown, willerect a residence on the place. N.B. Wiley, of the same vicinity, hasrented and moved to tne farm nearNorth Middletown recently sold toC. M. Boardman by Russell Board-man.' Mrd. John J. McClintock, sold lastweek to the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co., two acres of land in theold Fair Grounds, Addition to Paris,adjoining the site of the Company'slarge redrying plant, for $8,000.The property fronts on the Louisville& Nashville railroad. North Cliftonavenue is to be extended throughthis property to intersect with aname of the Mysterious Dickersonsstreet in front of the big redryingplant in the Barnes Addition. It isstated that the Company is arranging for'.extensive additions and improvements in Paris and that a largewarehouse for the storage of tobacco will be' erected on the new purchase in the early suianer.s 9WHY A BALL CURVESThere are inany scientific explanations to account for the curve 'Of abaseball. It is generally agreed thatthe rotary motion of the ball after;t leaves the catcher's hand so af-,,fects'.the resistance of the air that itis deflected' from its original course.A fascinating experiment may bemade by spinning a marble in water.The resistance of the water beingmuch greater than that of the air,the effect' is exaggerated. The .taarble should tbe dropped in water, twofeetor more deep. By spinning itfast "or slawv-and' in .various direc-uons en curve, pr c-ae .most ..sKUliui,"pitchercan, be iepjtoducedr -The basket ball tournament, whichis to decide the chahipion GirlsHigh School team of Kentucky foithis .year, will be held in Paris,March 12th and 13th, at the Y. M.C A. gymnasium.The visiting teams will arrivesometime Friday forenoon, and at2:30 of that day, will draw forplaces. More contesting teams arevxpected to take part in this tourriaknenjt than last year. The tournameitt. which nromises to be aiiigly successful athletic event, isto be held under the auspices of theAthletic Association of the ParisHigh School, and at the directionof Miss Adrienne Ennis, Physicaldirector for grils at the city school.Much 'interest-is being shown by thepeople of this city in the outcomeof the tournament, and especiallyappreciated is the willingness withwhich they have offered the hospitality of their homes to the girls ofthe visiting teams. Miss SarahBlanding, of State University, is tobe official referee. The schools invited tOvattend the tournament areas follows: Lexington High, Winchester City School, Clark CountyHigh, RicHnond High, FrankfortHigh, Danville High, Mt. SterlingHigh, Maysville High, GeorgetownHigh, Cynthiana High, NicholasvillcK. C. W. Prep. Team.The Paris and Cynthiana HighSchool teams played a doubleheader game on the Cynthiana floor Friday nigh t,N resultingin defeat for the Paris girls' teamby a score of 20 to 13! The girlswere requested to play under rulesgoverning the boys' games, withwhich they weie not fairiiliar. Tothis they ascribe the victory of theHarrison school girls.The boys' g'fne resulted in a victory for the Paris boys, the finalscore standing 31 to 11. A largecrowd of Paris U 'ot-rs" accompanied the local teams and did theirbest to cheer their favorites on tovictory.now, and do it gracefully. Anvbank in the city will gladly receiveand credit your subscription.The following is an additional listof subscriptions to the fund:Jonas Weil $50.00C. B. Mitchell 10.00Harry Simon 25.00Bennet Tarr 5.00Charles Stephens 25.00T''m J. Shannon 5.00B. Fri-edman 10.00Lusk & Shea 10.00Wm. E. Clark 10.00C. H. Goodman 5.00Mrs. J. W. James 3.00J. H. Moreland & Wife . . . . 10.00Dr. J. T. Vansant 10.00I any. other property used inviolationof the law may be declared a nuisance and the property confiscated.BRYAN WILL SPEAK TO ASSEMBLY 'TF POSSIBLE.Responding to, the Swinford resolution adopted byi the General Assembly last week, inviting WilliamJ. Bryan to address the legislators injoint session, the Nebrakan sentthe following wire from Miami,Florida:"Profoundly appreciate honordone me by Legislature. I shall beleased to accent if nossible. but alnJohn Shine and Wife 10.00 .very much afraid that I cannotn. Jj. iviucneii .. .. 10.00Paris Realty Co 25.00Varden & Son ' 25.00Bush Bishop 15.00DERSON MUSICAL FIVE TO DELIGHT WINCHESTERreach Frankfort before adjournment. Shall wire you later if I findI can come."WM. J. BRYAN."c oBUY EARLY.iAttend our February and MarchCasH Sale early. We save youmoney.THET T. -HINTON 0oFEDERAL COURT CONVENESThe March term of the UnitedNOTED JAIL-BREAKER IS WELLKNOWN HERE.A few days ago the daily paperscarried a story detailing the Jnarvelous escapes fnn prisons and jails ofRoy Dickerson, a vaudeville actor,who has made himself famous inthat line. Dickerson's latest escapewas effected from the jail m LosAngeles, California, where he hadbeen confined on the charge of robbing a bank at' Phoenix, Arizona.Several years ago, Dickerson, withhis wife, was playing tjhe circuitswith a vaudeville sketch under theThe Derson. Musical Five, who delighted Paris theatre-goers withtheir excellent music some weeks ;ago, have just concluded a four-week's engagement at the Richmondmovie houses. They will appear itnis weeK m wmenester, wnere tney states District Court, Eastern Diswill play play several weeks. The trict) convened in Frankfort yestermembers of this organization made day with Federal Judge A. M. J.many warm friends during their Cochran, presiding. Only civil casesstay here, who will welcome a re- will be heard at tnis term. Wm. O.turn engagement of this splendid Hinton and Henry May. of Paris,musical organization. are memDers 0f the Grand Jury.j-W4WE KNOW HOWThey played an engagement inParis, where they gave scHe cleverperformances. Dickerson was locked up in the big vault in the CountyClerk's office, under the watchfuleyes of a group of Paris newspapermen and county officials. . Althoughhe was securely handcuffed andblindfolded he succeeded in effectinghis release from the vault in lessthan three minutes after the doorsbad been locked on him. He alsosucceeded in unlocking a Government lock on one of warehouses attheOValsh Distillery (now the ParisDistilling Co.) using nothing - butthree toothpicks,' and .accomplishingthe .feat in . about two iinuteswhile an audience of about fiftyppople 'gazed with astonishment. Healso performed other- puzzling randdifficult featsalong the Houdiniline.-releastnavhimself from the monmodern handcuffs,. t etel His wifeTom me -newsnapr men m .uos,Anfrpfcg tMtTioCflsHne JfrrVi the- TyWAngeles iairisaB' the .one. hundredntr: eighth escape he had made. " VPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never before given the matter - muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the same,class. They're naturally prejudiced.Ready-to-wear clothes in . general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think. And themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-Bloch SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices. lEVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give You -and Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There ia nafiner tailoring anywhere." The materials are of the veryN highest quality throughout. The styles set the standards-,, for America's real red-blooded men.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE Sm-z-?;-1111 'K-.WF4JIS,-ii:iri:$.i.. -ftNlSi-lrNvJ s .--:1.,'$4-r's.C"5Xi.v-. -- .c.fct--rvv ' w v. n 7 S V - ' wim OresL' j' 1 !?nrTywpFpqppAJ?PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, 1TARCH, 5, 132t.s, -J1 i0?U -4?h -rX4-irJLH&ferT; "---'lvvV& '&m&.?.si'A:j4tfyV f$ra -at-mi; boiiuxm newsIrt&falished 188159 Years of Continuous PublicationIPsMislied Every Tuesday and Priday?cr Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Ottered at the Paris, Kentucky,ostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation"'-which may appeaT in the columns ofTTTR BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention oftlae editor.OUK FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. f)lnQffn T,nri & TTlOinaS.Pldladeluiia "NT. W. Ayers & Son.a-o T.:nrr0n.oin Adv Ao'php.v.Cincinnati Blame-Thompson Co.Eouisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per52ich for first time; 50 cents per inch;sach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linoOfcch issue; reading notices in blacktyye, 20 cents per hue, each issue." Curds of thanks, calls on candiJUlgs, obituaues and resolutions, andajmiiar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise2Eccts,and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedit decline any advertisement or otheraiitter for publication.Announcements for political officesust invariably be accompanied bylie cash.r.iuii ! MirtTTTlWARMKG TO SPACE GRAETERS0 --So far as "space grafting" is conerned THE NEWS is pleased to announce that its columns are nolonger to be used as a dumpingground for the "stuff that is beingsent to all the papers in the country. Our space is the one thingwe -have to sell, and we can see nomore reason for giving it away thanfor the aierchant to give away hiscxods. In one day's mail recentlywe received nine letters, mostlyfrom Government activities, -askinglor space that had it been given,would ha.ve amounted at our regular advertising rates, to about $200.During the war THE NEWS andall other patriotic newspapers gavecolumns to fcelp the Governmentwin the war, and .none regret it.JBut now. the Government's businessas purely ousiness, ana lueif i& uureason why it should not pay for itsadvertising. If the sale of ThriftSta)nps is a Government business,why not let them pay for the advertising? Every newspaper worth,while heartily supports everythinggood for the country, and everyonewith an ounce of brains will decidefor himself -hov-r it shall do that.What THE NEWS believes to beirn'oi motion, for its readers it willpulrfisiL, aAid will, editorially, boostsuch things as it believes will helpthe country, but it draws the lineui being made a free dumpingground for the "space grafters.". Regular rates will be demanded forsill advertising, and, unless thepromise to pay is attached it will goto the waste basket. This appliesas well to private concerns as to theGovernment. Our space is our knercbandise, and we can see no goodreason why we should be called uponto give it away. This is a plainlyworded warning to the "spacegratters" and we hope those whoread it will take heed and governthemselves accordingly.SCHOOL CHILDREN TO GIVE WARJCBMORIAL TO ERAHCESchool children of Kentucky willbe asked to contribute to "AmericasGift to France," which will take theXorm of an heroic statue designedhy Frederick McMonnies, Americanv sculptor. It will be placed in a po-r'sfcion overlooking the Marne Riverear the village of Meaux, where thefirst German advance on Paris wasstopped on September 6, 1914, lessthan twenty miles from PansThe giftlo France will cost $2o0,000, about the same as the cost ofthe Statute of Liberty, and will bepresented to France by the schoolchildren of America.The campaign in Kentucky toraise the fund will be conducted byPeter Lee Atherton, Louisville, andSuperintendent of Public Instruc-tion George Colvin, the latter hav-' ing sent letters to all county andcity school superintendents outlm-ir tbft nlan of the campaign.The idea of a memorial gift fromAmerica, to demonstrate the victoryof the Marne, originated with agroup of Americans who have formed a national committee, with Thos.W. Lamont chairman, and MyronT. Herrick, former ambassador toFrance, as chairman of the executive committee.Interest in the gift to France willbe stimulated by a national prizeeontest.' o-A FUTURE IN TREES" A" generation ago the center of.' the great lumber region lay -verynear the Atlantic coast, and thebroad land was all but covered withvirgin forests. Wood of all kindshas ben used up. -so much fasterthan it grows that to-day the. center' of our,; lumber" region is rapidly ap-.machine the Pacific coast Thtree i one of the greatest sourcesof wcth in the land, and great efffrts?re. being made to-day beforeit U fee late to preserve it. Manykot of acres all over the couni try are planted with trees like anycrtp. iTWENTY YEARS AGO.In a series of little paragraphswhich THE NEWS man was readinga short time ago, under the headingof "Twenty Years Ago," we cameacross one which read as follows:"Running a country newspaper inParis was nota business." Thatparagrapner was cenamiy rigm.But the war has shown the editorsand owners of country newspapersthat their business is thei rbusmessafter all, and must be run on business principles.The good old days when an editorcould loaf around with a pipe in hismouth, and accept garden truck andsuch like on subscription accountsare no more. During the war thevalue of the paper to the communityand to the country at large wasclearly demonstrated. His fullshare of the burden of helping towin the war fell on the country editor and he bore it bravely. Hereand there a weekly paper has "goneto the wall," but largely they have(met all conditions and have givensplendid service to home and country. And out of it all has come greatgood for the paper because it hasdemonstrated beyond any questionthat advertising pays. The Govern-paysment has learned it in the LibertyLoan drives. The postmaster hasbeen convinced by the demand forWar Savings Stamps. The local RedCross has discovered it through thel espouses made to their appealsthrough the press. The committeesin charge of the various drives forwar activities will admit their laborswere greatly lessened by the publicity given to their campaigns in thehome papers.During all these demands for freepublicity the editors gave of theirspace, which, after all, is their solestock in trade. Expenses went up.The cost of piaterial and labor advanced, but the Government contined to demand the support of thecountry newspapers. Munitionmanufacturers, dealers in suppliesfor the arjmy and navy, even laborers on Government work were allpaid and paid well, but the loyalhome newspaper trudged on underthe added load without a whimper ora cry of complaint.Now the war -has been won andthe country newspaper owner hasthe satisfaction of knowing that hedid his bit to the limit. But hehas learned that running his paperis a business, and hereafter he willdemand the treatment accorded toother business men. He has a rightto it. In his plant he has an investment equal to the average stockof merchandise carried in any storein his town. He must meet his billson much shorter time than in thedays before the war, and he is entitled to the cash discount as well asthe grocer, the druggist or anyother man in business.The postofflce department taughthim a valuable lesson- when it demanded that all unpaid subscriptions must be stopped. The countryeditor has been too easy-going. Hehas permitted himself to be imposedon too long. In order to exist today he must do business as othermen do business, and the town thatwants a newspaper must treat thatnewspaper as they do the bank orthe telephone companies.That paragrapher was right."Twenty years ago running a newspaper in Paris was not a business,"so to-morrow. The country edtor wore patches on the seat of histrousers and was expected to live onfree doing. It is different to-dayand it is going to be even moreand that was why the .country editor has a serious duty to perform,and he succeeds in doing it. Therefore, he is entitled to the respectand support of the community.oBE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS..Successors to Munich&Wides8th St, opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T). oDAILY RESUMES PUBLICATION.The Winchester Daily Dnocrathas resumed publication,' after atemporary suspension, due to the illness from influenza, of the editor,Charles B. Nelson. At the time Mr.Nelson was filling the place of linotype operator, the regular operatorbeing ill of influenza, and he wasthe only man on the force who wasfamiliar with the operation of theDuplex press, recently installed.No operators could be obtained anywhere, foi love or mony, so thepaper was forced to suspend publication until Mr. Nelson recovered.All the members of his family wereat one time ill of the influenza. Mrs.Nelson, who had devoted her attention to ihe other stricken membersof the family, became a victim ofthe disease, but is now on the roadto recovery.oState of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm willpay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, 'A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,.(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. Send for testimonials, free!F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio.'Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for jconstipanstipa(adv)tion.GOOD HEALTHLIFE'S GREATESTDliDulPlliHappiness and Success Within EasyReach of Pved-Blooded Menand Women.Anemic Condition UnnecessaryPepto-Mangan Makes Rich, RedBlood Builds Up Pale, ThinAnemic Men and WomenGood health is the 'most importantasset of life. 'Without a vigorous,strong body and a koen, clear mind,true happiness and enjoyment areimpossible.And yet so many women, andmen, too, whose misfortune it is toI be pale, thin and anctanc, hopelessly accept this condition in thebelief that robust health and realhappiness are not for tnem.Thousands of men and womenhave been restored to vigoroushealth and lasting happiness byGlide's- Pepto-Mangan. This beneficial blood tonic contains the veiyproperties so vitally needed to improve the blood. Pepto-Mangan, iflakjn for a few weeks, will enrichthe blood and create thousands ofthe tiny led blood cells that are o.necessary to carry nourishment andstiength to every part of the body.Pepto-Mangan is safe, beneficial,and pleasant to the taste. For convenience it is prepared in liquid andtablet form, both possessing exactlythe same medicinal properties.Be sure to ask your druggist for"Gude's" when you order PeptoMangan. "Gude's" is the genuinePepto-Mangan. Look for the name"Gude's" on the package.(adv)oIt's all right to take time by theforelock, provided you don't takeother people's time.-oYou can tell by a clock's faceVhether it's having a good time.For SaleFive-room cottage, in good repair.Apply toGEORGE PARKER,mar2-tf) 313 Maysville, St.Estrayed BuickFound, near the corner of Mt.Airy Avenue and Houston Avenue,an estrayed Buick. Has been thereabout three days. Claimed by BallyPaton, as he saw it first. Says owner may have it by proving propertyand paying feed bill.House For Sale.Good 6-room house with all conveniences electric lights, bath,basement, etc. Located on Cypress,between Fourteenth and Fifteenthstreets. This is a modern home. Frfurther information, call homephone 163. (3t)For Sale Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boar, weight275 to 300 pounds a good one.JOHN J. REDMON,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Phone, Cumberland 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)Pure Bred Duroc Jersey Hogs For SaleBest bloodline, good individuals.Two sows, four gilts and one boar.Will sell as a whole or separate.C. M. CLAY,(tf) Paris, Ky.Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price$975.STA"NHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.WANTEDA live wire to handle the bestselling truck in America $700.00less than other worm-drive trucks.Liberal discount. AddressJ. R. MILLER,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Give territory desired.(24-7t)Wanted-Relics.All kinds of Indian and war relics. Will exchange an automaticshotgun, 12-guage, Hawaiian Ukulele and 20 lessons. Old U. S. centsand fractional currency, merchandise, shoes, ladies or men's. California gold coins, 25c, 50c and $1.00size, mounted on ring or pin. Madein 1850 to 1865.W. H.-NOEL,- Rte. , Box 5, Big Stone Gmp,-Va.' (27-4t) . v ,FAMOUS STALLION TO GO DTBIGSALE.Peter Billikin, 2:05, the son ofPeter the Great and Baron Lassie,also dam of Lady Wanetak (2)2:10 and grandam of Great Barion2:09, property of Warren Bacon,formery of Paris, vi1! f?o to the BlueRibbon sale at .Madi -n Square Garden, March 15. He has been racedin high class fc7-1 " s'nee his 3-year-old form, staiung his turf career at two, when he was given atime record of r:28. At four hewas not raced, but has been raced'ach year since, last year being better than ever before and reducinghis mile track record to 2:051L, andwinning a four-heat race over a halfmile track in which he trotted in2:09. the race breaking the recordof four heats over a half mile track.Some folks would be glad to buy"5 per cent." beer, even if it were10 cents per.For SaleAttractive bungalow in idealneighborhood, on shady side ofstreet. Has large living room, bedloom, diningroom, hall, kitchen andbath. Also large front and backporches, gas and electricity. Can bef.een by appointment. Call eitherphone 262. (5-2t)Residence For SalePrivatelyBrick residence at corner Eleventh and Main streets, Paris, Ky.Contains eight rooms, sleepingporch, new bath, gas, electricity,brick mantels, etc. Interior finishedin mahogany and old ivory. Twolarge cellars. Large lot 68 by 170feet. New stieet improvcoients fullypaid for. Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,Farmers' & Traders' Bank Building,Paris, Ivy. (mar5-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p'm,.Arrive Millersburg 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel .. 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p.m.Both Phones 204.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Stock, Personal Property.Box 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.( jan6-tf ) )LiveLockAdministrator's Notice,!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Queenie H. Rion,deceased, are hereby requested topresent same, properly proven, asrequired by law, to the undersignedadministrator, for payj-nent.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs.Queenie H. Rion, deceased, are hereby requested to call on the undersigned administrator, and makeprompt and full settlementof suchindebtedness.HOUSTON RION,A(3lministrator Mis. Queenie H. Rion.Route 6, Paris, Ky.(mar2-3wks)Public SaleOPResidence!We, the -undersigned agents forKelley Haley and Sam Weathers!will sell, at public auctionFriday, March 16, '20,at 10:30 a. m., on the premises, inClintonville, Ky., a four-room cottage and. about two acres of ground.House contains four rooms, halls,front and back porches, in first-classcondition r has splendid cistern andwell; good stock barn and all othernecessary outbuildings. The property is in first-class condition andis an ideal home. Terms easy andwill be Vnade known on day of sale.For further particulars, apply toSAM WEATHERS AND KELLEY-HALEY. -Clin fonville, Ky., orHARRIS, SPJ3AKES &, HARRIS,I Real(5-St) tEstate Dealers, Paris. KyWhat's You Farm Worth?What did your tobacco crop bring you? Bo you know that the demand for export and the increased consumption of "Bright Leaf" forcedunusually high prices and really FORCED the market above what itwould have1 been under normal export and ordinary increase? Youknow that every abnormal market must react. Well that's history andpart of it caused by the late war, but it all has to do with eur question, "WHAT'S YOUR FARM WORTH?" If tobacco prices hold up,farm lands in Kentucky will continue to hold up. If the bright leafmarket is lost by the destruction of cigarettes, farm lands will godown with falling prices. One farmer was bemoaning the increase inhis land tax. He seemed to forget that land he bought for $125.00 anacre now commands $450.00. We can't keep it all. Even Uncle Sajnwants his share. So if our land is valued at two or three times whatwe paid for it, we must pay higher taxes. That is settled. Now whatwill your farm land be worth if you cannot raise tobacco? Somefolks are mighty busy already against tobacco, and we suggest that ifyou do not know what is going on, that you write the ALLIED TOBACCO LEAGUE OF AMERICA, Pickering Building, Cincinnati, O. Ifyour farm is worth it better keep posted anyway. Are you interestedenough to write for information on "How To Keep Farm Land Producing Profits?" Be informed and then you will know and appreciate wharis being done to conserve your farm investment. (2-4 )nBdQpaiiBib rillATCOLLIER nUWe have a fine lot of mixedfertilizer. Special prices in tonOffice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseisOU Rthev rr i?mfound us to be reliable and capable.The quality of theservice rendered byus reflects creditupon our profession.iBourbon LaundryDAYIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 41iWtiyKra"iv:tt$k,.iifrB 2a fcaTnl ImBi 4L !$?$Q tiThe Bourbon Laundrjr jj. axizifU10A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANER:imferland Phon 40 w- - - Home Phone 169" -T'3Z2AOS.feed; also white oats andlots.Cumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257iZJJemployers,public, haveisIXxWest Fif h StreetSATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORD!.. . . . aWith all the latest improvements in laundrv aDDliancesJi?!.iE5-3&iv'A. yinrl PYtiprt. Viplnprs Wft are2. -'n i --tv xfri;:- l prepared to ao wotk mie-f-j'.JL J. v,and solicit :;is?riui iu nuuc,your patronage.xxi - cmuv -Lc rt4-lT"Tmay both derive saiisfaetionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely 'satisfy you.; & phone brings U3.iii.r.nr i,WVLi. I.ij.stea? 31. SS-:1JV--1I IB&JF &3ia ia on sbsi hiss feptiHtbB 333 Er&si&&ifwI - . s;. ' .. - Buy Genuine Oliver Flow Parts . Hard war ..-asa . ':x?r x w ! . t---5:-s- -n "We are Agents Fr$'iverGsilfeiwRig8 Vi WVi cU - 5tt. ( CtS3re spreader.and Black Hawk Corn PlantersC5---,r? 81 fi antra nmsl&MJrTJWThe Oliver Chilled Plow Works will under no conditionbe responsible for the work of a plow equipped with imitation shares.This refers to plow points, niouldboards, landsides, standards, and other parts that go to make up an Oliver plow madeby the Oliver Chilled Plow Works, South Bend, Indiana.There is a vast difference between the genuine and imitation parts. We cite plow points a$ one example,The reason why the Oliver Chilled Ploy Works do notpolish their plow points like a mirror is because the point doesnot need polishing. The rough surface is the hardest part ofthe point, making it wear longer than it would if tliis werepolished away, vOlivers spend their money to make the points do the business and not for appearances.Bear in mind that you are getting belter wear and moreservice for your money in genuine Oliver points,Genuine Oliver repair parts fit better, wear longer, makethe plow run easier and do a better job of plowing.When you buy Oliverrepair parts, insist upon see- 'irig the name "Oliver" andthis trade mark cast in everypiece you buy.We sell nothing but thegenuine Oliver repair parts.C52fiPWe have a complete line of Hardware.Nails, Staples; Fence, Single and Double Trees,Hinges, Bolts, Galvanized and Tin Ware.Fences very hard to get. If you need any, getit now.(3in;TackleWe have a nice line of Fishing Tackle,bought last fall at 30 to 40 per cent under present prices.Come in and save the difference.ami naWe have the largest line of harness in Central Kentucky. We will guarantee to save youmoney on any kind of harness. We have a largelot of harness at last year's prices; also collars atlast year's prices.We have an extra nice line of buggy andpony harness, saddles, bridles, halters and everything in the harness line.- i "rnIw3 JZ2K2cardw -L mJCm I IAuto TiresWe have about 100 Auto Tires,guaranteed 6,000 miles, at 10 per centoff the list as long as they last.John Deere MachineryPlows, harrows, corn planters, cultivators, binders,mowers, rakes, wagons. Also Brown wagons.jPaints and VarnishesWe will save you about 10 per cent on Faint,Varnish, Linseed Oil and White Lead, Carriageand Auto Paint and Alabastine Wall Finish.All Kinds of Oils .Farm Machine Oil, regular price 65cOur price , . . 50cOur Special Auto Oil, regular price $1;00Our price 65cSteam Engine Oil, regular price $1.00Our price k 80cEld Caster Oil, special for binders, regularprice 90c, our price 75cMobile Oil, for tractors, regular price $1.25Our price $1.00Gas Engine Oil, regular price $1.00Our price 80cHog Oil, regular price 35cOur price 25c105 Off All Heating StovesWe have a few woo heating stoves at specialprices.A Full Line of Staple GroceriesNo. 2 1-2 can Tomatoes 17 l-2cNo. 2 can Tomatoes lieNo. 2 1-2 can Peaches 45cNo. 2 1-2 can Peaches .' ...50cLarge can Heintz' Baked Beans . . . : 20cSmall can Heintz' Baked Beans 15c2 cans corn , i 35cLarge Can Sweet Potatoes :20cSearch Light Matches, per box .5cCOFPEERegular 65c at 55c Regular 50c at 40cRegular 60c at 50c Regular 45c at 35cRegular 55c at 45cTry our coffee and you will use no other.We Have a Car Load ofTobacco SettersWe have sold them all but ten. Ifyou want the best setter made, comein and see u at once.IB 1 8 WMkiJSPECIAL SALE ON BUGGIESAND WAGONS4 We have a few buggies that we will sell for$150.00 (worth $175.00) and $175.00 (worth$200.00). Also nicepony buggies. Special priceon buggy robes for two weeks.We have many goods too numerous to mention. Come in and get acquaintedwith our goods and prices and you will always be our customer. We save youmoney on most anything you need.We will have a nice line of Farm Implements on display on Court Day.Come in and see them.VII MainarmersSupplyCo.Street. Near NinthPARIS, KENTUCKY' Next to Grand Opera House. v-'vhA) '1.- . H,c1vJ'Vl'-f-1I- Ih-2!rXtr-Vft, i it- :n v-:5v.&1 '.:'a :W .AV :Xt .L 1iJ?-.V-' ?.. -V i.- i- . . ,y: -- IIIr?fNc.Ja.'- i&lvy!AI , v A1'.. -r ...ff v::. i"'. : i?4-. rV'J'.-.L .c"5s!C "$&"3.:f-o&& 'itfrrJB,? i tt xiC;.liV"..rr r.'"-1 y -x'5ri;.V'.r-v('ATUESDAY, MARCH , ltilt..-K1 ' J-!7";-:Ij J1AyV.K1r,rItKHin".-lMIT.''tfefci,-;vsIvt iIFtm "-.f -..-uet -A WORTHY MEASURE.KENTUCKY CROP ESTIMATES.The Indepfendent wishes td gd onc record as favoring House Bill No.395, introduced by Hon. Lee Stew-4trt, of Knott county, and its com-jmnion bill in the Senate, known as.Senate Bill No. 247, introduced by- Senator Newton Bright, of HenryCounty. These bills aim at takingcare of the work of the MoonlightSchools, w-hich have been so suc-. cessfully carried on by the Illite'racyCommission under the direction ofJUrs. Cora Wilson Stewart for the I" past several yearsCommission expires bv limitationJuly 1st. The Cctnmission has beenable to accomplish a wonderful"work in its effort to redeem Ken-tucky from illiteracy. Through thesplendid volunteer work of theState, about 130,000 of Kentucky'silliterates have been taught to readand write, leaving something like.. 70,000 4o, be taught. It is highlyimportant that this -work be carrieden. The .Legislature should consider-this matter seriously and at once.There ought not to be a-ny excuse, 'Kentucky farmers this yea-r haveon hand livestock worth approximately $165,017,000, compared to$178,439,000 worth of stock onfaiVns in the State last year. Thereis only a very slight decrease in thetotal number of all classes of farmanimals as a whole, but the lower'prices, compared to a year ago,make -the total value approximatelyseven and a half per cent less thanin 1919.Horses number approximatelyThe Illiteracy 429,000, mules 231,000, milk cows457, 00U, otner catue &su,uuu, sneep1,236,000, and swine 1,681,000.Compared to 1919, this is approximately a decrease of 2 per cent inhorses, no change in number ofmule, 1 per cent increase in numberof milk cows, 5 per cent decrease inother cattle, 3 per cent decrease innumber of sheep and 5 per cent de-,crease in number of swine.Milk cows are the only class oflivestock averaging lijgher in valuethan last year, $73.00' in 1920, compared to $72.00 in 1919. Horsesaccepted from the lawmakers if they ! average ?101.00, compared tofail to appropriate enoughononey to $104.00 a year ago, and mules werecarry on this great workThe bills referred to will' 50,000.00 additional to whatCommission has been snendinjr and' this amount is for the public schoolteachers It comes out of the general expenditure fund and thus aug-aiily about the satne average pricegive i as a year ago, until tne very recentthe activity sent prices up a little, eventhat not affecting tne average torsll ages much, as many farmerscomplain of unreaslably low priceson yearling mules, which, helps toments.the educational funds of the! reduce the average of mule prices.v State just that fenuch.Evci'jr person knows that the salaries of the school teac'iers of thisState ought to be increased. It isalso a rank injustice to ask theseteachers to conduct a night schoolfor nothing. This new law providesthat the teachers who shall conductl.ight schools shall be paid a nominalfee for this work., t. These bills ought to be enacted $41.20 this yearinto law and we believe they will be j"when the proper information is put 'Ltriure uie lawmakers oi tne atate. jEditorial From the Ashland Daily !Independent. to IThe State's average price on mules(all ages) th's year is about S126.00as ccMpaied to $127. 60 last year.The value of the average hog inKentucky shows a drop from $16.00last year to $13.00 this year, sheepfrom $13.10 to $10.90 this year,and cattle other than milk cowsshow a small decrease in averagevalue, from $42.50 lest year toBOURBON PISCAL COURTATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thatwith the exception of auditing ajtobacco needs for rapidnumber of claims against the county ( growth and quality. UUfthere was very little to do at thei f r r CUIFTS Rl OODrecent meeting of the Bourbon Fis- 2lOLKS Ul JjJYm?j!rfcal Court. ' ": report of County AND BONE FERTILIZER haVCEngineer Ben ? Bedford for the just arrfvc. Jhis Containspreceding m lth was read and,;r, '''caiV- -!-adopted. Following this there was j rIVt PER CENT POTASH,a general discussion of the road which Js tWO to four per Centbuilding progravp for the coming lJAni; tispring and summer, work on which I MUKt than has been maflU-. is expected to begin the latter part factured since before the war.'Of this month. : -r t- ' . ..Improvements . contemplated in ', I ake a Dag Or tWO OUt tO yOUTthe road building department by the I plant beds now, and let USFiscal Court will approximate $l,-'r . j x u . . -soo.ooo. The rebuilding of the book your order for what youmain thoroughfares of the county require for your pal ch beforewin maris, n new era, in Liie iiiaiury . s s rrkttof Bourbon county roads. At the re ISwl gone.aeuuciusiun oi me worK, wnicn it isestimated, will require five years,all roads leading to county seats inadjoining counties will be surfaced' in fcard road material and all thecross roads of the county lebuiltREPORT'TO THE NEWS'CHANGESv OF ADDRESS.House WantedWanted, to. rent a small housewith small garden.' Call-Phone 66.FoundSubscribers to THE NEWS whoare moving frnm nno nlnoo to o Iother are urgently requested to re- c- S" Bal1 Gafa&e' and Sive full parport their change of "address ticulars- ' (9-3t)yruuipuy in oraer uiat me -.paper imay reach them regularly. It is Inecessary in reporting a change ofaddress to give your old as well as ,your .new one. 7Many subscribers neglect to at- On Main street, a bunch Qf keys,tend at once to this very important ; containing two door keys and amatter, and then wonder why they number of small keys. Owner cando not get their paper regularly. I obtain same by calling at this officeTney can save us, as well as themselves, much trouble by makingprompt report of change of addressKindly give this notice your promptand careful consideration.Executor's Notice!NOW,AHfT THAT SO?proving property and paying forthis advertisement. (tf)Lost or Estrayed.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Moses Baerlo, deceased,formerly of Cincinnati, Ohio, andParis, Ky., are requested to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned executor,at Paris, Ky., for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMoses Baerlo are requested to makeprompt andfull settlement of said-unaeDieaness wiwi uie unueibigiivuExecutor, at Paris, Ky.B. FRIEDMAN.(12-3wks-wkly)From my placeion Ira Wilson-tfiiTTn-u- ier.'t if fvmt iiQ mnn r1, farm, on the Cane Ridge pike, a- ""J ... K !., H11V1- l"l- " UU , , , J- . i.thinks he is a business man, will getup in the morning from an advertised mattress, shave with an advertised razor, take off advertised pajamas and put on advertised under-large bay horse, snip on nose, twotwo hind feet and one front footwhite. Was r first .missed Saturdaymorning. Suitable reward for recovery by writing to Clay Baber, Routewear, advertiserl hosp. n.nd shirts tip . J-ans, or caning t. i-.. wiison,, , w.vy. ., -.- ni i. t-ised suit. set. .himself at thpst wain street, .rans.advertised suit, set 'himself at thetable and eat advertised breakfastfood, drink advertised coffee or substitute, put on an advertised hat,light an advertised cigar, go to his iplace of business where he turnsclown the advertising solicitor or.salesman for his home newspaper onthe ground that advertising does notI-ay.BUY EARLY.(It)Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.DUG UPEIGHT QUARTSWHISKY.OFWhile Masters Robert -McKinneyand Marvin Lackey McKinney wereout with their dogs near Georgetown, the anmals began burrowingas if for a mole and soon uncoveredeight quarts of whiskey. Two otherlads were with the little fellows and !each took a bottle home with himand told the tale to his parents.When the "elders went back thefour quarts were gone.Salesmen WantedSalesmen wanted to act as our retailers in Bourbon county for spices,extracts, soaps and household necessities, part or all of the tfne.THE J. It. WATKINS CO.,Winona, Minn., oror C. W. VAN DE MARK,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.(9-lt)NEK STORE OPENED!Having; leased the old DavidAllen stand at Black's CrossRoads, I have stocked it with a"frill and entirely fresh stock ofDry Goods and GroceriesAll guaranteed quality. Iwould be pleased to have onrpeople call and- inspect goodsand get our prices. Courteousand prompt attention to all.MACK RITCHIE(9-2t)tMinuteFor SaleFor Sale,1 Oak roll-top Office Desk;1 Mission Table; x1 Mahogany Flattop Desk;5 Office Chairs;1 Oak Type-writer Chair;5 Letter Files.CHAS. N. F1THIAN, 'At Shire & Fithian's.(It)Buy one Piano, Player Piano orTalking Machine frdm one of theoldest Arms in Kentucky. Wehandle the best instruments on themarket.We also make a specialty ofPiano tuning, adjusting and repairing of all kind.J. 'H. TEMPLEMAN CO.,John B. Geis, Rep.Cumb. Phone 563. 910 High St.(9-tf) lAntique FurnitureWantedoccitAf0 Vf 2J119 31-11 on .. rCDrimbe4eW) RITSCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf) IoCOME EAJBLYFor Salewith rolled macadabi.a oGoods are very scarce. Attendcur Cash February and March SaleFire, Wind and Lightning tarIy- 0ur sale is a reai sale 20Imchmum off jegular prices. Can you get thisThomas, Woodford & Bryan ,an j- place else?THE J. T. HINTON CO.1 Solid Mahogany Dressing TableChair;1 set Bed Springs, very strong;1 Coal Range with reservoir, thermoimeter and water backs, made forU. S. Army.All the above new. Has neverbeen used.Call Cumberland Phone 201. .(12-lt)The Old Curiosity Shop, Incoxporat-ed, Louisville, Ky., Will BuyYour Old MahoganyI you have a Mahogany Devenport, Chest of Drawers. Side-Board.Secretary, Beds, or Chairs, you caneil ttiem for the highest cash priceto the Old Curiosity Shop, (Inc.,)518 Second Street, Louisville, Ky.They also buy old China, Brass Candle-sticks,and Irons, Silver Sheffield plate and objects of art..Their representative will call onyou if you want to sell. They liavea big stock of rare and beautiful"!antiques if you want to buy when 1you visit Louisville. (it) 1PHONOGRAPHECORDSDon't Put a Tax on the.BeautifaI Girls " "tSf 7At the High Brown Babies' BallDon't You Remember Those School Days )I Gave Her That JI've Found the Girl That I've Been Looking For )Old Fashioned Garden . ,,' )Bye-Lo " . . .?Let the Rest of the World Go By . )Now I Know . .. )Bless My Swanee River Home )Why Don't You Drive My Blues Away? Intro. )"Save Your Money, John" . .Swanee . )Only )Hawaiian Bluebird ...,. x JPoor Little Butterfly Is a Fly Girl Now. Intro. )"What's Worth While Waiting For" . .Sleigh Bells ' . jI'm So Sympathetic .)My Isle of Golden Dreams )Peggy. Intro. "Rose of Romany" . . ?Tents of Arabs. Intro. "Wond'ring" . . J22260222582225722259???$?2226422248222682226922267Brooks & SnappDruggistsBsfl BlBB BSBH LiHslsA l BslSBBB88j BBBBSB 8BBB'8l8flBB PBMBM BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBm BBBBBBj BBBBBflftBBBB7 BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB BBBBBBJ BBBBBBaBBBH SBBLm BBbVbBBB' BBBflBBBBr BBHBBBBr BBLV BBBBr ' BBBBBBBBbT BBBBBBBBHMAHOGANY DINING ROOM SUITEStWALNUT DINING ROOM SUITES.1 iBEAUTIFUL LIVING ROOM SUITESThese20 Per Cent. Discount!, . as does everything else in our stock except WaySagless Springs, Columbia Grafonolas and Records and Globe-Wfernicke Book CasesLet Us Serve You, Foif Wfe Save You MoneyrS ,-,Cor. Sixth andMain Sts.THE ). THINTON COmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmaammtmmmmamPhones No. 36f Paris, Ky.tor.vt - v - j-zf . "ilAv t. i L r'Vr. '-Ji.v.'rv iy '.. i. -- -' -i ,v --.. - -t. '- -.. ,- i JFt - ' --. "..?. ;.,t -."&wi' M, V vTUESDAY, MARCH ; 1920.THEr ifOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KINtCJCKYIfFACW'FIVlftr&MertFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEtfaiF.AMJY MIXED NUTS.Cleaningpound.(It)up at 35 cents perC. P.COOK & CO.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oHEW ATTC0 OWNERS.The Lexington Cadillac Co., ofLexington, reports sale of touringand roadster Cadillacs to WoodfordSpears, of Paris, for July andAugust delivery.o3QSS SWEENEY TO ADDRESSWAR MOTHERS.Miss Mary E. Sweeney, Dean ofHome Economics at the Universityof Kentucky, will be a guest of theBourbon War Mothers, on Saturday,March 20, and will speak at thecourt house at 2:30 p. m.oIfEW CASH GROCERY.You can save money on groceries and at thfe same tfrne get thebest goods by buying from D. M.Menifees's New Cash Grocery, DowBuilding, 203 Main street. HomePhone 246. We pay highest cashprice for country produce, milk, butter, eggs, etc. (It)obo sa a3JlXlOi iaili VUlVXiiMXXVi.MIn Sunday's Lexington Leader,under the heading of "Sidelights onthe Republican State Convention"Appears this note:"An interested spectator at theconvention was W. A. Thchiason, the,new chairman of the Bourboncounty committee. It was Mr.Thomason's first convention, as hehas been too busy with other matters to pay much attention to politics. Now he says he will justdabble enough in parvfy affairs togive him recreation."o-SIIGHT AUTO ACCIDENTWhile cd.ning to Paris in his autoyesterday morning from Shawhan,Howaid Ritchie met with a slight'accident in which his machine wasdamaged by crashing Into a telephone pole.In endeavoring to avoid runningover a dog that had run across thepike in front of his machine, Mr.Ritchie swerved the car to one sideof the road. The machine skiddedon the slnooth surface, collidingwith a telephone pole, and damaging the car considerably. . Mr.Ritchie and the dog escaped unhurt. EASTER EOTJR WEEKS OFFOur complete stock of Englishwoolens offer you an exceptional opportunity of the best selection ofcustom tailored clothes. We recommend an early selection.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FERNDELL PRESERVESWe have plenty of Frendell Preserves better than home-made.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o -"PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, March 9 Madlaine Traverse, in "What Would YouDo?" Ruth Roland, in "The Adventures of Ruth;" Prizma Colorpicture, "Fishing At Otsu,"To morrow, Wednesday, March10 Bert Lytell, in "The Right ofWay;" Topics of The Day; BrayPiptrr.oranh: Comedy. "Excess Bag-gage."Thursday, March 11 NormaTalmadge, in "The Forbidden City;"Christie Comedy, "A Cheerful Liar;"Pathe Review; Vod-a-Vil Movies.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoon and evening.SEVERE WINTER WEATHERSo far the month of March is playing severe winter weather as trujnpsin the game of life, and helpingalong the high cost of living. Withthe mercury hugging the basementapartment in the thermometerkeen, cutting, ice-cold winds andsnow flurries every hour, almost, thepast three days have been taore likereal winter than the beginning ofhP Weather predictions for this week,as sent out from the Weather Bureau at Washington, are as follows:' Ohio Valley Low temperatureearly in the week, and probablyslightly below normal as a rule,thereafter generally fair.MRS. A. H. MOREHEAD HONOREDMrs Albert" H. Morehead, formerly of Paris, supervisor of the pennylunches in Hie Lexington publicschools: has been officially appointed'as State Chairman to organize thewomen of Kentucky into a work ngunit for the anti-high cost of livingcampaign being waged by the Department of Justice.The appointment was made lastweek by Miss Edith Strauss, head-ofwoman's division of the Department .of Justice, ana aire. .has accepted..Snr 'cama to Mrs. Morehead gUson, Johnson Askew, Barnes . L.The honor cama u " mr. - -ar.iler. Charles.a. v. anT-fii conferenceis a result oj- tw pwt .,bf Kentucky women rTf?inT-anti-5ch "wii feeid -recentl3Hor"E: Bra'dleyLewis Pinley ,.vS ' 7 VHjam.. Crai Bradley, "Mis Marthaarimu; -womtnj -" wTAr-'iTJoiitameSOCIAL A2tt) PERSONAL.Comings' and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Nathan Linville has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Carlisle.- -T. C. Leniiian, of Lexington,made his usual trip to Paris, Sunday, "renewing aRrmainfjvTipps "Miss Sunshine Cook, of Lexingn, was a week-end mi est nf atvton.and Mrs. N. H. Bayless, in this city.Mrs. Sydney Bryan has return-lrom Southern California, whereshe spent the winter with relatives.MrS. .TnmPC! W Povmionn li r. cturned to her home in Galion, AlabaVna, after a visit to relatives iiin.bayette and Bourbon counties.Mr. and Mrs. Willis Rye andson, Leonard, have returned to theirhome in Winchester, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. James Rye, in this citv.Mrs. James W. Thompson willentertain the m Rubers of her bridgeclub this afternoon at her countryhome on the Lexington pike, '.nearParis.Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Ddnocrat:"Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Jones havemoved to their farm, which theyrecently purchased near Plum Lick,Bourbon county."Mrs. James L. Day is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,suffering with influenza and bronchitis. Mr. Day is just recoveringfrc'oi an attack of the same disease.Mrs. E. M. Dickson has returned frcln a visit to her sister, Mrs.Jos. Ilead, in Richmond. Mrs. Headwas a guest the past week of Mr.and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, in this city.Mrs. James H. Thompson, ofParis, and Mrs. Abram Adams, ofFrankfort, will entertain Thursdaywith a luncheon bridge at the homeof the latter, 318 Shelby street, inFrankfort. ,-Mr. and Mrs. Henrv Veach andcniidren, who moved toMontanaj about three years ago, are visiting jintriJaXTowrcrsinrohnhlv Inp.ii.t0 in TfMhiPlrv., .... .uubuux.Maj. Durand Whipple returnedSaturday from a visit to relatives in ILittle Rock, Ark., and is a guest at jthe home of Mr. and Mrs. E. MDickson, on Stoner avenue, whereMrs. Whipple and sons spent thewinter.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pf Whitehave moved from Paris to Lexington to reside in the future. Mr. andMrs. James Woodford, who purchased Mr. White's home on Higginsavenue, have moved to it froni theircountry home.Mr. and Mrs. Newton Bishopand family have moved from Woodford county to the Millet farm, onj the Jackstown pike, near Paris,which Mr. Bishop recently purchased. Mr. .and Mrs.vJ. M. Alverson,who formerly owne'd the place, havemoved to their cottage on Cypressstreet.Strother D. Mitchell, for'mely ofNorth Middletown, has returnedfrom Kansas, where he has residedfor several years. Mrs. Mitchellpreceded him several days ago, andihas been a guest at the "home of Dr.and Mrs. R. D. Weaver, in NorthMiddletown. Mr. Mitchell is havinghis farm residence on the Lexington and Versailles pike overhauled,and will move there soon.The Shelby Record has the following social notes of new comers toParis: "William McCann, who hasbeen in business here for a numberof years, has sold his implementstore and residence property to W.H. Jones & Son, of Henry county.Accompanied by Mrs. McCann andtheir three sons, he has gone toParis to reside . . . . H. P. Perry, forthe last twenty-five years one of theleading merchants, will leave soonwith his wife and daughter, forParis, to make their future home.Mr. Perry sold his mercantile business early in the new years to Arthur Graves, who died two weeksago o pneumonia."In a letter from Daytona Beach,Fla., written at Seaside Inn on theocean front, where Mr. J. P. Glennis the owner and proprietor, is thefollowing mention, of Kentuckiansspending the season in Florida:"Mrs. Arthur Hancock and daughter, Nancy May, of Paris, Ky., havebeen here two weeks. She had asher guest Mrs. E. F. Clay, MissesMary Clay, Sallie Lockhart and KateAlexander. They laiotored over fromEustis for the day Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Simms and Miss Lucy Simmsare with Miss Fulleton on Halifaxavenue. They came to Florida aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. EdwardSimms, in Texas."The Frankfort State Journalsays: "Mr. and Mrs. Samuel J.Shackleford, were the host and hostess at a dinner party in honor ofRepresentative James H. Thompsonand Mrs. ThoLnpson, of Paris. Theguests, who were seated at a roundtable, faced each other across aheffective arrangement of jonquilsand hyacinths embedded in the mistiness of brown tulle bows. The silver candle-sticks held yellow tapersand other table appointments carried out the decorative idea. Coverswere laid for Representative andMrs. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Sherman Goodpaster, Judge and Mrs.W. Rogers Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Graham Vreeland, Mrs. P. J. Riley, ofMt. Sterling, Senator Charles M.Harriss, Senator Jay Harlan, Speaker Joe Bosworth and the host andhostess."Georgetown correspondent ofthe Lexington Herald: "Mr. andMrs. William Kenney Ferguson, whowill leave soon for Paris, where theywni take no their residence, wereguests at a dinner bridge given byMr. ad Mrs. Porter H. Nuimelley.Mrs. Victor A. Bradley won a pair ofRiiv hose. Ras Ware. Jr., a pair ofeiiir enpVs and James Leslie Carrick two decks of fancy cards. Mrs. -Ferguson was presented witn a eeiof hand-made tea napkins. Theguests were Messrs, ana wesaamesRobert Taylor, Hinton, Kenney Fer-si- TX-tirinn waller, unariesPencxih"Moriarty, of Grand Rapids,... we ware. Buford Hall; vic-:"L- VZluiiZ iia jyrtrtev.Mra;Green, and Jefferson. Davis Groverand Ben A. Lair."Mayor E. B. January and Thos.Chipley were in Maysville, Friday,on a business mission.- Mr. and Mrs. James- DuncanBell have returned from a pleasanttrip to points in Florida.Y. H., Harrison, of the L. & N.,has returned from -a visit to hismother, in Gieenville, S. C.Mr. and Mrs. Will G. McClintock have returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in St. Louis,Mo.Mrs. Martin O'Neal and daughter, have returned frcbi a visit toMr. and Mrs. Victor Martin, in' Carlisle. Mr. and Mrs. McKinley Owenhave returned to their home inWinchester after a visit to relativesin Paris.Mrs. George Snapp has returnedto her home in Pigsbah, Ky., after avisit to' her cousin, Mrs. John H.Doty, in this city.Mrs. Harry King, who has beenunder treatment at the Petree Sanitarium, in this city, has returned toher home in Carlisle.Mrs. J. O: Marshall was hostess to the members of the FridayBridge Club at her holme on Secondstreet, Friday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Boone Ingels, MissMarylou vIngels, of Carlisle, attended the funeral and brial of Mrs. BenIngels, in this city last week.Mrs. Albert Kirtley and daughter, Miss Mildred Kirtley, have returned to their home in Frankfort,after a visit to Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon. Clarence Thomas, who has beenvery ill of influenza for severalweeks, was able to be at his post ofduty yesterday in the Peoples' Deposit Bank.Mrs. Kate Wilson has returnedto her home on Mt. Airy from theMayo Bros.' Hospital, in Rochester,RTJ-M-n iTTVimm r-Vin vnnonflv linflpr-,0T,f onnooccfui onrpfip.nl nnera-tionaw, sn,n : . C,hl folhr Wne noll-r.l iO X116'1 UVI1VJWX lUUUilJl """ "ed to Mt. Sterling, Sunday, by thedeath of her grandaf ther, J. Q.Stephens. Mr. Stephens was one oftne oiaesi Dusmess raea m mt. olci-ling.Mrs. A. C. Anderson and twodaughters, of Louisville, and ScottGilbert, of Paris Island, S. C, havereturned to their respective homesafter a visit to Mr. and vMrs. EllisHukill, in this city.Miss Virginia Shanklin, ofMillersburg, will take a prominentpart in the program to be renderedWednesday evening, March 10, bythe pupils of Hans Schroder, in a,song recital at the College of Music,in Cincinnati. Miss Shanklin willsing, "As Through The Streets,"from "La Boheme," and "Lift ThineEyes." She will also sing at a jointrecital by the pupils of Mr. Schroeder and Romeo Grono and Emil Hermann, at the Odeon, in Cincinnati.The March meeting of Jemima.Johnson Chapter, Daughters ofAmerican Revolution, was held inthe club rooms Saturday with largeattendance. Following the businesssession Miss Ranson read a paper on"The Americanism of Washington,"and Miss Laura Lilleston read a pa-'per on "The Society of Cincinnati."A painting by Robert Burns Wilson,the Kentucky poet-painter, whichthe chapter will present to KentuckyRoom in Continental Hall, in Washington, D. C, was on exhibition atthis neeting, and was greatly admired.Interesting letters have beenreceived by Paris people who arespending the days in St. Petersburg.Fla. They write glowingly of the delightful climaU of "The SunshineCity," and say that a St. Petersburgdaily paper has a standing offer tosrive awav its Daner any day the sundoesn't shine, and that it has had tomake good on the offer only fiftytimes in nine years. The city en-gageB a band .to give concerts twicedaily during the tourist season.Games are provided in the park, andthere is swiitfrning, boating andfishing. There are about 40,000tourists in St. Petersburg this winter. The "shutins" at the MassieMemorial Hospital, are doing verywell, according to a report from theinstitution yesterday. Dr. C. BruceSmith is improving. Miss' JennieWhittington has recovered and hasgone to the home of her niece, inFrankfort. Mrs. R. H. Biuoreturned to her home, after a stayof seven weeks in the Hospital,Robert Fuller, who was badly injured by being run over by a moto."truck, last week, is improvingMrs. Rebecca Collier, who has beendangerously ill with- pneumonia, hasrecovered and has returned to herhome near Millersbuarg. Mrs. Jas.Stivers, was a'clnitted to the Hospital yesterday for treatment. Mrs.J. C. Merringer, who received severe burns from a gas stove at herresidence some days ago, has recovered sufficiently to be removed to herhome. James Hill, suffering fromblood poisoning caused by getting arusty nail in his foot, is doing nicelyund on the road to recovery;.oDISCIPLES OF CHRIST TO ENTERBIG CHURCH DRIVE.Mofaibers of the Promotional Committee of the Disciples of Christ, inKentucky, have perfected plans forentry of this State in a nationalmovement to raise a fund of $60,000,000 to carry out the program ofthe church for adequately equippingand endowing its colleges',' enlargingits missionary and benevolent workand strengthening the churcn orga-.JlizationKentucky's share is to be $6,500,-000 raised in a five-year budget,one-flfth each-year. Headquarters ofthe jnovelnent will probably opI brought from Lexington, where a1 JT . Trongvivnnio r-nilp.sre.drive for Transylvania College,which was begun some, time ago, is"to be"-. merged, in- the larger mover'mentvcottdtfcWdin co-operation 'with'the Interchurch "World Movement.lHHmmHBHHmHBBHBBWe Invite theTo Tisit OuryM A R224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;y-Have You Visited This!tIF vou have vou know this store standsJL I r - -j.t-: iUn.iur every uiuig uieti io uIf you have not visitedtime to get acquainted just when yourbegin to need Spring togs.We are ready to show ourstyles in Boys' Clothes forSpring, and we invite themothers of boys and theboys themselves to come inand see us.Our clothes are. tailored by concerns that makea study of producing clothesthat will Istand the wearand tear of the sturdvAmerican boy thereby winning the appreciation of mothers. The styles are ustwhat every boy wants styled just like dad's. Some of these garments are madewith belts all around, some with half belts, others in plain single and doublebreasted.These suits are made of long wearing fabrics in novelty patterns and plaincolors in blues, greens, browns and greys.7th and Main,-and see on display our nice line ofr -Spring VoilesOrgandiesand White Goods-also a full line of-Spring MillinerySuits, Coatsand Dressesat reasonable pricesrl YSTORE1 - amli; u,nowwear. pyffrM -is the 0 , Arrm -" -' : .We can show you the best values inboys' clothes in town s$7.50 TO $25.00R P. WALSHOne-Price StorePublicStoreyMMain StreetParis, Ky.Parte,I lW2ms' P i fv Jmi5i i IFmiff m IW "J W I W . : -boys ' jl - '-' sjfi mil " ?yv,B?i..;r T4 ' f- ?.K .,. & :-,4,y-vJ'.-'i - ?-'.Xi?' )y.-j'" t---. V' ,sr..i, THE BOURBON WS; PARIS, KENTUCKY y ' TUESDAY; MiMARCH ; 1921.l'-J5-uft ;lk. ? tkV4:JF, - .W.L.u"mri.vtv:ft"uv'-HiV 1'Eff Y-: mtptpte?M jLpF-klT .. . . , . . .Life io a burden when tne bodyis racked with pain. Everythingworries and the victim becomesAQnnnripnf nr,A ,WxrT-,i-,oot-f oA TVUww.ww U..W. uw .lii.iwui S.Wl. VDring back the sunshine takeM1EThe national remedy of Holland for over200 years; it is an enemy of all pains resulting from kidney, liver and uric acidtroubles. All' druggists, three sizes.Look for the name Gold Medal on every boxand accept no imitationPRESIDENTTAKESAUTO.DRIVEIUWASHINGTON, March 8 Luredby balmy spring weather, the first ofthe season, President Wilson wenton a motor jaunt about the city Wednesday. It was the first time he hadleft the Yfhite House grounds sincelie was put to bed "a very sick man"five months ago today on his returnfrom his interrupted Western speaking tour.The President told Mrs. Wilsonand Rear Admiral Cary T. Grayson,who accompanied him, that he felt asthough he had Leon away fromWashington a long time.For more than an hour the President drove along the speedway andthrough the city streets and theCapitol grounds, where he waved afriendly greeting to Senator Borahof Idaho, one of the chief ormonentsriiEr3, hiHXUUH. ! ' UiB ttmMlFTnJ aU4 Xtiv rT1 3Aa m iwto the peace treaty. The Senator re- Corey, Cincinnati ; Mrs. Anna A. Atturned the salutation. j water, Indianapolis, and Joseph C.Passing tne vicinity of a market! Todd, Bloomington, Ind.house, the President, who delightsalways m reading signs when he ismotoring, saw a large sign quotingpork at 35 cents a pound. Althoughhe has given much serious consideration to the high cost of living, thePresident remarked to Mrs. Wilson,"That brings it home to you whenyou see a' bi- c'm like that."The Preslat t was recognized bymany persons and returned theirgreetings as tiic White House limousine rolled along at an easy gait, escorted by anot'ng machine carrying the secret 12 Ace men."Delighted and much benefittedby his trip," was the way Dr. Grayson characterized the President's attitude when he returned to theWhite House.MRS ELLIS5FOR THIS WEEKFarmv Corr tiat nan lrHmm Peas, per can 15cKidney Beans, per can . . 15cK Potatoes, per peck 90cJbvtra Good Brooms, ea. 50cAll kinds of fresh fruitsa and vegetables at reasonable prices.Look for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.I Three deliveries each day.Both phones.::Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.IXIXIIllLet Us'SPECIALS;I!BusinessYour partner has a knowledge of yourbusiness and you look to him for advice andcounsel on important matters. You are entitled to all the help he can give you.Do' you get a partner's hela on your printedmatter? Do you get the mosrf rom the specialized knowledge which we have regardingprinting and paper, and above all the servicewhich a combination of the two can render?Our job department has every modern equipment for doing work on rush orders. Forletterheads, billheads, and all kinds of forms,we carry in stock, recommend and useThe XJtility Bu fines TaperX,0t Us Serve Von as a Iai-ttiei-BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTDISCIPLES LAUNCH DRIVE FOEI $6,500,000.I LOUISVILLE, KY., March 8.5 Launching a $6,500,000 campaignfor missions and education as Kentucky's share in the national cam-Paign for $60,000,000, the Disciples0f Christ are starting on the "mostfar-reaching program in their his-tory," according to members of thePromotional Committee for Ken-, , .. . , TTJ.1tucKy, 'Wno met inursuuy uc j-lulciHenry Watterson with members ofthe national committee.This campaign, which will last forfive years, will absorb the campaigncarried on by Transylvania College.Its plans will be worked out in cooperation with the interchurch WorldMovement.In the distribution of funds Transylvania College and tha College ofthe Bible expect to receive $2,575,000 from the five-year total. Thebudget also allots $150,000 to Hamilton College and $175,000 to Ken-tucky Female Orphan Home.J "This forward movement includesf evangelelism, life enlistment, spiritual resources and stewardship in ad-dition to the campaign for money,said R. H. Crossfield, president ofTransylvania College, Lexington,Thursday night. "It is part of a farreaching national programme forstrengthening the church, for equipping and endowing the colleges andfor enlarging missionary and benevolent work."The Promotional Committee forKentucky conrists of J. H. MacNeill,Winchester: H. W. Elliott, Sulphur;Mrs. Louise Loos Campbell, Lexington; Linn D. Cartwright, Louisville;Homer Carpenter, Richmond; J. S.Hilton, Louisville, and Mr. Crossfield. The following representatives ofthe National Promotional Committeeattended the meeting: Stephen J.i ifLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm .Stomach. Liver and. Bowels5-Accept "California" Syrup of Pigsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then, you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)oSurely a Great Man.Henry had just started to schooland was filled with the patriotic spirit of the times, as well as kindergarten wisdom. "Was Francis ScottKey a great man?" he asked one dayof the folks at home. "I think hewas, why?" " 'Cause I think a fellowthat writes a song what everyone hasto stand up to, must be a great man."WWI M ""I""'" -VBe YourPartnervWAS HARDLY ABIERichmond Man Says He ShouldHave Been In Bed TanlacSoon Restored Him"Yes, sir, I am so thankful forwhat Tanlac -has done for me I wishI could tell everybody about it," recently said J. S. TraylorJ 1410 Ashland street, Richmond, Va., a Machinist who works for the VirginiaRailway and Power Company."For the past year," Mr. Traylorcontinued, "I .had suffered indigestion so bad I could not eat anythingwithout being in misery afterwards.I -had no appetite and the little Iaid manage to eat soured and gaswould form on my stomach, causingterrible griping pains and such fearful spells of palpitation I becncalarmed for fear I had hearttrouble. I could hardly beathe attimes and when these spells came onme I just had to stop and sit down.I often became nauseated and wouldget so weak I could hardly stand up.I also -had a severe pain in my backall the lime and it was agony for meto stoop over and suaightea upagain, and at times my head wouldswim so I had to sit down to keepfrom falling. I had rheumatism ir.both feet so bad that in the morningI could hardly bear to put my feeton the floor, and they pained me soI could scarcely walk. I was sobadly run down I felt miserable allthe time and many a day I had todrag one foot after the other when Iought to have been in bed."I saw Tanlac recommended byseveral people I knew to be reliable,so I decided to try it. Before I hadfinished liny first bottle my improvement wap so great a friend asked mewhat I was doing to look so well,and w-hen I said it was Tanlac hesaid, "Well, you had better stick toTanlac, for you certainly look like adifferent person." I have a fine appetite and can eat anything I wantand everything agrees with me perfectly. I am never troubled withgas or pains m my stomach, and Iam rid of the swimming in thehead. The pains in my back and therheumatism have all gone and Inever have a trouble of any kind. Ifeel stronger than I have in a longwhile and can work all day longwithout even sitting down to rest.If any one wants to know any moreabout the benefits I have receivedfrom Tanlac let them write me andI will gladly answer any questionthey may ask."Tanlac is sold in Paris at Peoples'Pharmacy.(adv)a rTHREATENED TO KILL KING OFSPAIN. '')":PARIS, FRANCE, March S.Thursday's session of the trial offormer Premier Joseph Caillaux hefore the Senate sitting as a highcourt, on the charge of having hadtreasonable dealings with the enemy,brought out the fact that an allegedthreat by M. Caillaux against thelife of King Alfonso of Spain at thetime the landing of German troopsat Agadir, Morocco, led to grave international complications m 1911.William Martmj former chief ofprotocol at the foreign office, relateda conversation he had with King Alfonso January 30, 1912.The King, according to M. Martin,declared that at the time of the Agadir incident M. Caillaux sent anemissary to him threatening himwith death.M. Martin testified that King Alfonso said he was not afraid of M.Caillaux's threat, but had made anote of it and left a copy in a vaultso that if anything happened thetruth would be known.M. Caillaux denied that there wasany truth in the story, and asked thecourt to allow him to produce counter-proofsat a private sitting ofthe court.-oWHY COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.You aie often told to "beware ofa cold" but why? We wil tell you:Every cold weakens the lungs, lowers tne vitality and ,paves the wayfor the more serious diseases. People who contract pneumonia firsttake cold. The longer a cold hangson, the greater the danger, especiallyfrom the. germ diseases, as a coldprepares the system for the receptionand development of the germs ofconsumption, diphtheria, scarletfever and whooping cough. Thequicker you get rid of your cold,the less the danger of contractingone of these diseases. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has a 'greatreputation as a cure for colds andcan be depended upon. It is pleasant to take.(adv)oBeliefs That Center About Pearls.Many superstitious beliefs prevail inthe East concerning pearls, those gemsof the ocean deeps. For instance, itis a common practice (only among therich, needless to say) to powder a pearland swallow it either as a tonicforfailing vigor or to ward off impendingdisease or 111 luck ; or a. maiden mayrub her eyes with a pearl -and thereafter, by merely gazing at a man, shepay make him her slave IoChristian Era.The Christian era was not adoptedM a means of reckoning time untilneveral centuries after Christ's time.An error was made in the reckoningthen andjt is now agree-J that thetime .assigned for the birth of Christwas at least four years out of theway ; that is, according to the accepted reckoning, Jesus was born in theyear 4 B. C. -MODEL OF BRIDGE BEING MADEA clay .model of the MemorialBridge proposed by the FranklinCounty War Mothers to be erectedcioss the Kentucky River, atFiankfort, is being made by Architect L. L. Oberworth, and will be oncx-hibition shortly. A painting ofthe b ridge, now being shown in thewindow of the Capital Drug Company, in Frankfort, was presented tothe War Mothers' Association hyMr. Oberworth, who had twosons inthe service during .the war.As soon as the clay model of thestructure is completed it will be onexhibition, and the picture will beremoved to the New Capitol, whereit can be viewed by members of theGeneral Assembly, among wham theFranklin county organization now isworking in the interest of a bill tosecure an appropriation for the erection of this bridge. It is expectedthat the bridge will be a memorialfor the entire State, the War Mothers believing that such a testimonialwould be a more impressive tributeMian a monument in the State cemetery, and in trying to secure thestructure, they have the co-operationof every organization in thecity.oINGERS!CORNS LIFT OUTFreezone is magic! Corns andcalluses lift right offDoesn't hurt a bitA few cents buys a tiny bottle ofthe magic Freezone at any drug store.Apply a few drops of Freezone upon atender, aching corn or a callus. Instantly that troublesome corn or callusstops hurting, then shortly you lift ifout, root and all, without any pain,soreness or irritation. These little bottles of Freezone contain just enough trid the feet of every hard corn, sofcorn, corn between the toes and thecalluses on bottom of feet. So easy1So simple- Why wait? No humbugO :Some Evidence of Crime.Where victim of a homicide was shotboth through the head and body, hisears severed, one eye gouged out, hishead and face frightfully mangled, hisbody dragged 40 yards down a bank,leaving a trail of blood, and there abandoned in the night, court's remark asto importance of case to commonwcallh. and to defendant, and that itwould certainly appear that "some onewas guilty of a most heinous crime,was not improper. Commonwealth vs.Bcdnorciki, Pa., 107 Atl. G66,oTHE BEST LAXATIVE."My sedentary habits have necessitated the use of an occasional laxative. I have tri$d many, but foundnothing better than Chamberlain'sTablets," writes George F. Daniels,Hardwick, Vt. Mr. Daniels is proprietor of the Hardwick Inn, one ofthe model hotels of New England.(adv)J oAn open secret is the kind knownby persons who cannot keep theirmouths shut.BRIGHTER;Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlectricityTor CigMingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor leafing ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFdr the Use of BothElectricity and Gts.jVvC3t "3rf """ nParis Gas&EIeclricGoJIH J r --- " z:. r't. -T"1""- ?":i TK?;?"" ,!"w'SH I - TTggje? Jg - P I nSj- n- p"If ywrs . w 1 1 r iffp 1 Always Welcome fjj .fjlj pUS a r?u little rascal played along the way, didn't you? Mil I ! ll H?$Egfi gj Kept grandma waiting! Oh well, it's all right. Because IP; J I! j ill yfj. i J C A L U $3 E T I Iil' BAKSNG POWDER I ! IvM&m is always right. It's worth. waitinK for. Always wel 8 iff!! fills HIfflR H come. Never shirks its work. Never fails. Never H I f 1 1 1 1MB MWKw :1 wastes minutes or materials and I knoiv it's pure and u II U I Si a 91g? - U wholesome, as Calumet contains only such inp-edients K I III ll I BP'2jR as have been approved officially by the U. S. Food H ill j I WmKtelS You save xohen you buy it you save when you use it. m - f H 1 jBg HIGHEST ESSE U JjlUK1920Z jTNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-class Jsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL OAR AGE; Omr, Fourtk and Pleasant 8ts.vffoctels4 r(Iaooxwatei) ..Si&feK'iMc'Jr VWcSr-v. f,A.:2&ii r v.w'V'.!.v?-55-?,sv-'! '-jl rifw, c: VV.;, i:e rtin !' i- - , -f -x"'T .,u - j.TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1920.THE BOURBON ,NEWS,r PARIS, KENTUCKYWMWHMin &nvmmwxn mfHam'hmm it112 iiili!fi?isused last yearlS!to KELLr COLDS "fci3&GMK8&Standard cold remedy for 20 yearsv ia tablet form safe, sure, nojjk op:ctcs DreaKs up a cold m 24Bkloms relieves grip in 3 days.Efctv genuine box has a RedMr. Hill'sIWEmCYtllnKnll H$KvtoP with MrW Jk picture.C StoresHIGH SCHOOLS HT BASKET BALLTOURNAMENT.Fifteen high schools have alreadyenrolled with S. A. Boles, athleticdirector at the University of Kentucky, for the Kentucky High SchoolAthletic Association basket balltournament, which will be held atthe University of Kentucky, in Lexington, Mardh 12 and 13. Severalother high schools are expected tot-nter before the time for the touri anient starts.The University will provide entertainment for eight playersMUST SIGH PEEBGS I?0T TO IATI J 'NEW YORK. March 8. TwelveItalian girls, who caino to ine UnitedStates to marry American soldiers,but who have been held at Ellis Island because they could not pass theliteracy test, learned Tuesday nightthat Washington had ruled they maybe admitted to the country for 60days providing they sign a pledgenot to marry during that time.If Senator William Calder's bill toexempt them from the reading testis passed, they will be free at anytime to wed their soldier sweetHearts.Even if the bill fails to become alaw, there is a chance for the girls,for during the 60 days they maylearn to read the required 40 wordsand return to Ellis Island to demonstrate their accomplishment.Each soldier must get a friend orrelative to furnish a $500 bond toguarantee that his prospective bridewill not become a public charge. Thebondsman will bo required to informthe immigration officials every 15days where the bride elect may befound, and must sign a pledge to doall in his power to prevent the couplefrom marrying during the 60-dayperiod. 4The news spread so rapidly, andthe doughboy P.omeos acted sopromptly, that it was said at EllisIsland Tuesday night that four orfive of the girls probably would gaintheir freedom Wednesday, despitethe fact that some of the men live inEvery man had ex-to sendLit AGREESWITH OPINIONOF HUNDREDSSavs Same About. TrutonaMany Others Bo DidWondersmirl arrknn frf o, orl-i - Ti i crT cTinnlo orrl Mril I I GlStJQUb CltlGS, j r,:i i; t, ! nresserl his determinationschool that wins the championship, his "girl" to school, day or night, 01Schools already enrolled are: u"w U11U1 "e " iCluCovington, Newport, Ashland,Georgetown, Owensboro, Pikeville,Monticella, Clark county high, HopIcinsville, Paducah, Somerset, Danville, Paris, Lexington Senior highxnd Highlands high school, Ft.Thomas.AetnaAvtoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityDOUBLE BEAUTYOF YOUR HAIR"Danderine" creates massof thick, gleamy wavesMAnd OtherCasualties;i SMOONSHINE STILL IN-'MONTGOMERYSEIZED.MT. STERLING, KY., March 8Federal Prohibition Officers G. L.Hannen and Neale Guilfoile, assisted by several .deputies captured anddestroyed one of the largest stillsever located in this section last,wee, on East Fork of Slate Creek.The moonshiners, Jeff Ballard andhis two sons, Bob and Albert, weresurprised oy tne oiiicers.The still was an underground affair about 25 feet square. It couldAs not be seen 25 feet away. A trapdoor was ' well hidden under brushwith another entrance which couldbe used to make a "get away." Thestill was reported by the officers asoemg dry as a powder house and oneof the best equipped they had everseen.The still house and contents whichi ' "y--, . ilONCCISTAHCqLOUISVILLE, KY., March 9.I can say the same thing about Trutona that so many other people aresaying "it has done ' wonders forSue." This frank statement came a -,verG HestrovpH hv t.liP nffippr nnnfew days ago from Mrs. Blanche tained the following: 150 gallon copMeddis, well known in her neighbor- per still 16 fifty barrel fermenters,hood, who lives at 531 East Madi- 7 thirty eallon fermenters. 50 e-allonflake stand, 1,200 gallons beer. 1son street.Mrs. Meddis. like scores of otheiLouisville people decided to try Trutona because of the unstintedthat the Perfect Tonic was receivinfrom others. She is now enthused-and deeply grateful over her relief.'I used to walk around feeling asthough I was going to fall over,"she said. I didn't care much abouteating and the little food I did eatwasn't digested properly. I hadvomiting spells at times and veryoften experienced headaches. I wasawfully nervous, too."I had read about the good work p. , . . ,. . . . 'Trutona had been do mg for otters divorc,irom bwen MoorTWednesand realizing th at my ca nd it onn-eiCdiedn SlaiSa VpHMne I to ne" Cson on grounds of decided to take this medicine It .as ti .fc beam kn daone wonders for me, just wnau , ', , , ,. J .others say it has done for them. I Sh.e been at he Campbellvouldnft be without a bottle of f Genoa, near by, since FebTrutona in the house." f ML , ,,. , - ,Tnitonn. is beine introduced and I , ,ioa U1U w fuiiiiiaineunummne keo. 1 stnvp. 1 .wninp sT Tru- cojj worm 2 chairs, 2 lamps, 1 saw,praise 1 ax 1 000 gallons slop, 3 five gallonjus, o uotLon Dags, jluu pounasshop, 1 still cap.The men arrested were brought toMt. Sterling and placed in the county jail to await trial before U. S.Commissioner W. H. Wood.MARY PICKFOED GEAWTED DI-VKUii.RENO, NEV., March 8. Maryexplained in Paris at G. S. Varden& Son's drug store.(adv)HOLLAND AGAIN EEEUSE TOSURRENDER KAISER.The Hague, March 8. The Dutchgovernment to-day for the secondtime refused to deliver the formerGerman Emperor to the Allies fortrial.:A.J. FEEagent'SPRINGSHOWINGLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.In a few Lnoments you can transform your plain, dull, flat hair.You can have it abundant, soft,glossy and full of life. Just get atany drug or toilet counter a smallbottle of "Danderine" for a fewcents. Then moisten a soft clothwith the "Danderine" and drawthis through your hair, takingone small strand at a time. Instantly, yes, immediately, you havedoubled the beauty of your hair. Itwill be a mass, so soft, lustrous andso easy to ao up. ah ausi, airi anaexcessive oil is removed.Let Danderine put more life,j color, vigor and brightness in yourhair. This stimulating tonic willjfieshen your scalp, check dandruffj and falling hair and help your hairj to grow long, thick, strong andbeautiful. (adv)1 . o! 1,344 KENTUCKY ARMY DESERTERS UNCAUGHT.The final report of the ProvostMarshal General on the operationsof the selective service shows a totalof 1,344 outstanding desertionsfrom the army from Kentucky. Thetotal number reported frohi Ken-tuckv as deserters from the armywas 3,861, of whom 551 were accounted for as not deserters while1,1966 were apprehended and theircases were disposed of. This leaves1 344 outstanding desertions inwhich cases the deserters haveneither been apprehended nor punished. The total number of desertionsout of a total registration of 2,908,576 in the United States was 469,rtrts nf vhih 151.354 were account-led for as not deserters, while 163,i v?R were anprehended and theirocacr icncpH of. while there arei still 173,911 outstandm11The Hague, March 8. Holland'sanswer to the Second Allied note relative to the extradition or intermentof former Kaiser William, of Germany, probably will be handed PreiTupr Llovd Georee by the Dutchminister in London this week.Intimations have been given thatthe Netherlands government will express its willingness to guard theerstwhile mouarch and prevent anything that might threaten the peaceof Europe.Night and day shifts are working on the Kaiser's new residen.ee atDoom, and it is reported he willmove there from Amerongen on May12. A high fence about the houseat Doom is now near completion,the authorities having waived opposition to the work.While unprotected by high wallsor a moat the Doom estate is nowin rpalitv a 200-acre farm that canbe easily guarded and within whichthe Dutch government expects William of Hohenzollern to spend therest of his days.o 'to the Court room by her mother.Mrs. Smith, and wept freely whiletestifying.Moore was not in court, but wasrepresented by an attorney.Miss Pickford told the Court thatMoore had deserted her on severaloccasions and had only returned inresponse to her pleas, but that a yearago he left her and has refused toreturn.When vouogetmmmSmA few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" brings relief almost as soon asthey reach the stomach."Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the acidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souringand fermentation which causes theflatulence, fullness, or pain in stomach and intestines.Tape's Diapepsin" helps regulate disordered stomachs so favoriteioods can be eaten without causingdistress. Costs so little at drugstores. (adv)IS THIS YOUR1Many Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying Kidney Ills.-.1;cases ofdesertions.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky1 When it conies to being in the'swim, there are lots of people willing to make the plunge.oJust because a man blows his ownhorn don't imagine that he has amusical education., iThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseT. W.Electric Irons, Chafins: -Dishes,Coffee Pots. CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, gg-Boilers,Room Heaters,: etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHEREAre you bothered with too frequent action of the kidneys? Arethe secretions highly colored dothey contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris people recommend Doan's Kidney Pills. Ifyour back aches and your kidneysare weak you will find no betterreccnmended remedy.Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I have hadihree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back all the timeand often sharp, cutting pains darted through it. It sometimes sethied as though I could hardly endurethe misery. I tried different remedies with no good results. I heardof Doan's Kidney Pills and procured them from the Ardery Drug Co.The first box helped hie and I continued taking them until cured. Attacks since then have always beenslight. Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyset Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)PREE BOOK APPROPRIATION.FRANKFORT, KY., March 8.The House voted another $125,000the year, to come out of the $700,000hn Hp-et surnlus. in addition to the$150,000 for increasing the pay ofjurors, when it passed the Roth FreeTextbook Bill Thursday atternoon,49 to 30, Speaker Bosworth rulingthat it is not an appropriation measure.The bill as amended provides forfurnishing books next year to pupilsof the first and second grades, themoney to come out of the mineralfund, and to add two grades eachyear until the high school is reachedin 1925.The approximate increase in costeach succeeding year will be 12 percent.A TIMELY SUGGESTIONThe next time you have a coughor cold try Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is pleasant to take andyou are sure to bo pleased with therelief which it aftords. This remedy has a wide reputation for itscures of coughs and colds.(adv)SPICER1 The are worse things than beine: half cracked.- Lots of speopleare absolutely broke.-o - -Among the superfluous things oflife the the vermiform appendix,and some people. 'oHAS HAD STOMACH TROUBLEFOR SEVEN .YEABS.MAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOIK ETheodore Sanford, of Fenmore,Mich., has had stomach trouble forp.pven veara and could not eat vegetables or fruit without pain in thestomach and restless nights. Bytaking Chamberlain's Tablets he isnow able to eat vegetables or fruitwithout causing pain or sleeplessness. If troubled with . indigestionor constipation give these tablets atrial. (They are certain to provebeneficial. .. - ' . ' - , .(adv)'Our position simply is that anywoman who pays $10,000 for ananimal coat has got burro brains.We'll Keep Downthe Price10 MEN'SOvercoats$13.50Worth DoubleBetter Goods at Proportionate Prices.If YOU'LLSTOP HEREYOU'LLBUY HERBTwin Br OSMen's StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor61 Main' StreetLOCAL; DI5T"Ladies and Gentlemen "Introducing a series of advertisements by theTelephone Company, for the mutual good ofthe Company, its patrons and the serviceTo give you some interesting facts about thetelephone business and the operation of thetelephone exchangeTo show you why, for your own benefit, theremust be certain rules and regulations in theoperation of the telephone system; why somespecial services are impossible, and why telephone "troubles" sometimes occurTo make suggestions helpful to you in your ownuse of the telephone, that the utmost of cooperation between company and patrons may beassured 'for the srood of the service.""At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.L,rrrMprgjTwaEi'g'gT-. i lllfcI II II 111! I I IIIIIMI II I I l I ' iiTfTMl II M llll ITHE UNIVERSAL CAROut of the more than 3,000,000 Ford carsnow in use, about sixty percent have been soldto farmers. Probably no other one thing hasbrought to the farm so much of comfort andprofit as has the Ford car. It has enlargedthe social life, doubled the facilities for marketing, brought the town next door to the farm,multiplied for the farmer the pleasures of living.A family car without an equal in low cost ofoperation and maintenance. We solicit yourorder for one now because the demand is largeand continually increasing.Ruggies Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.S-rcs$s1!&&.5LrrGEOTW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pltasant Streets, Paris, Ky&Xigiii,Jgg!igggj:i-gigiisigagggs;a?3aawSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the T)estmaterials used. . :KANE BROS.Pome Phone 399. (till July 1)tjiiufajt L.-.y-iMiifiaViaalKsaaaaaaaaBaBaaaaaaaan -aiPARIS, KENTUCKYI flCAL I f rtf 'V,.W. v"ij; "vs.1 ,IX.IXIXIIt ---'I.4 fc" idB -vaa1aT - aal-.-'.. .' '-: -. ,1Itid'iLi..1sSfe-" cV'"VJ.'.rj -v.? --o ' ?"'I-t-7.r;Y-"4KENTUCKYPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS,TUESDAY, MAKCH t, 4tSt: 'H11' 7 ' l"..WfyAJmifiinnr Aduloi 27c$lii ?c wartax ...-..Umi53IOn. chUtiren and-Gallery 18c plus 2c war taxL.religious:wVCate. , ." ' ' f ,,..,, i'. mxrzm-" mm ft i . mm. - . - . - -... - - -.- . - - -r-T- . v. -T- - r' rr . rI HC ALAMO AND PAKI?I RAND.: - ., ; . -. .. , ' : tt-t r-i : : .-aj.,..v.bLBo?.t VfKVV-"tffLfo-M"Xnv ?.: vaullersburg: :v ;7rMr.r aud Mrs.,. L, C.., Arnsparger.V pending a few. days with his,ther at. Paris. - . . . ,ii-rrM.r. 'apd ..M.rs. Charles'" Watkmsiv$ mpvetf fropi Carlisle. to' thelooms mi the farmers Bauk, recent?W compieteo.. .;-, ,)r.rMLi MaddQxand'. family have, moved to the rooms in Iiigels flat,aracated. .byMr. and INfrs. William- yossnecker. ' .f,: TJie Paris .Home Telephone Co.is. now busy on the lines and will inU .probability .have the town telephones connected with the exchangein another week..- Mr. J. Clarke Lee was in Lexjjirgton, Saturday, under medicaltreatment. He has been sufferinglor; some time with an infected ear,superinduced by the flu.Mr. W. .G. Sugg sold 'his homei Saturday afternoon at public sale toMr. D. B. Clarke, for $2,640. Mr.Clarke resold it again the ssjme afrenoon to Mr. J. O. Rolls, fo'2790. Mr. Suggs will move to hisfarm in a' few days.The body of B. S. Murphy, ofSImpsonville, who died in the hospital at Hopkinsville, last week, was"brought to Millersburg, Friday, andinterred in the local cemetery Friday afternoon. Mr. Murphy was ason of Prof. Murphy, who for several years was connected with thezld Kentucky Wesleyan CollegeTsften that "institution was located inthis city.THE -SICK Dr. C. B. Smithcontinu.es ..abo-it the same at MassieHospital, in Paris. Mr. J. P. Red4 anon, who. is 11 with scarlet fever.Improves slowly. No change for the"Aetter in the condition "of his littleaJaughte.r. Marguerite.. Mrs. JP -"Redmon and nurse are now ill withscarlet fever. Mr. B. M. Ingles and"&Irs. J. W. Slater, who are confinedo their homes with! the "flu' arezble to sit up. Mrs. J. O. Ralls iseonfined" to her home with pneumosia. See the nice line of samples fIndies' Wash Goods, Dress Goods,"Woolen Goods, Silks and Linens,"handled hy Mr. and Mrs. R. M.'Caldwell. We will be glad to make2ates with you at any time at youriomes, and show you as large a line91 samples as can e found in anyhy goods house in Kentucky. Reoiember merchandise is scarce. Theoason is pasing, and the early buy. will not be disappointed. Theyi resent "theMitchell 3b Church Co.,Ire, the Waisting and SuitingHouse, Binghampton, N. Y.The writer is in possession of aprogram to be given at the Odeon,m Cincinnati, by the pupils of Mr.M- Hans Schroeder in a song recital Jassisted by pupils of Mr. RomeoGorno and Mr. Emile Heimann,.ofthe College of Music. Miss VirginiaShanklin, of Millersburg will appear on the program in (a. "AsThro the Streets") (La Boheme),"Ptrccin: (b. "Lift Thine Eyes), Logan. Miss Shanklin is the youngestdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. P.Shanklin, and is a graduate of musican the class of 1919, of the M. C.She is a young lady of brilliant pros--yects,and is quite a musical favoriteof nil who' know her. We Tegret2hat-ouT citizens .cannot avail th(-ti-selv?sof the opportunity of hearingthis musical treat.The body of Mrs. W. C. Wood,who d'"ed at her .home in" Collins,Mirs., last Friday, reached Lexington, Sunday . moi-ning, and wasbrought to this city for inteijneht,the funeral cortege arriving here attrae o'clock. The body was accom-' panied by her son, John Trigg Wood,mt Collins, Miss. and her -nephew',Say Sa-nford The funeral and burWi took place in the MillersburgCemetery yesterday afternoon atibree o'clock. Mrs. Wood was for7nrly 'Miss Amelia Trigg, onlyiJtughter of Mr. and Mrs. HoraceTrigg, of this place. Her early lifet7xs spent in and around MillersSurg, where she had a host offriends. She was married when ayoung girl to Mr. W. C. Wood, theywoving to Collins, Miss., shortly afterward, where they have since rexsjdeff. Mrs. Wood had been in failms health for the past two years.The Farmers' Bank made theJoilowing statement regarding theirEasiness at close of business March1 1920- Cash and due from hanks,SS18.984.89; Loans, $611,529.24;"Bank Building and Furniture, ?9,0.00; Capital. $30,000.00; Surplus; $29,142.77; Deposits, $1,S0,371.3; Total, $1,139,514.13.Tfoe new bank will be ready forbusiness May 1, 1920.This is a good -report, but the bus--Ifiess done by the bank during theSrst'six days in March is even morestartling. The clearing business ofthe bank for these six days averagL in round numbers $190,000 periy, or for the entire week, $14,-0.00. This too, in view of theAct, thaf Millersburg has twonks. Our-little city is nestled" away between three county seatsj-Te .farthest removed of v these isfjfratfciana, at a distance of onlytwelve miles, while Paris and Car-" Sele are only eight miles each." Cymthfana possesses three banks,1 Paris four,- Carlisle three, and Mil- jBrrturg two, making twelve banksiall, which is a most brilliantafeftwiBg'for the Farmers' Bank.-When they aTe installed in theiraw. building with' all of its improv-, method for business, attractiveXarmiturand conveniences for those! business for the bank, theirbusiness undoubtedly will be jfreatlyIncrease. The new building whenwatylctcd will be one of the most' . aarenieiit. and , attractive bankbsiMings. in Kentucky. When thehaildimr is ready for occupancy It"will be thrown open to the publicor' inspection, and the citizens of' HiUenbtttg, and elsewhere, will begiva a opportunity of visiting tm. Wttiiar. which for the next cen-,try to come, will not only serve asment to the promoters of theMeers. W. D. Mclntyre,U and S. M. Allen. Cashier,will also be one of the ornamentsIt is estimated that the -sum, of$1,332,000 will be requiredto keepgoing for the , next .year. the trer ,mendois work outlined foe ttieres-byterian Progressive Program. , Theraising of -thisTtooney is '..one of the'Iarticle? -of the program. The Paris 1Presbyterian church is making plans ifor raising its quota in. -full. -At.aineeting of the Deacons last Fridaynight Mr. John Woodford, Chairman of. the campaign, was directedto choose an Executive Committee tQcarry on the cnpaign.' . , .At the conclusion of the business meeting of the Women's Missionary Society of .the ChristianCburch, Friday afternoon, a pro.gram was given by children, undersupervision of Mrs. McClanaha'n,Superintendent. Six girls gave aplaylette, "Waiting For The Doctor." Those taking .part wereFrances Clarke, Lulu Chappel, Louise Bannister, Elizabeth Douglas,Bettie Mitchell, Helen Chappel, Elikabeth Myall Daniels. After themeeting the children were guests ofthe Society at Mitchell's.CHRISTIAN CHURCH. Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Day and daughter.Miss Lillian Day, and Miss EleanorPayne, daughter of J. Walter Payne,united with the Paris ChristianChurch, last Sunday morning. Theywere baptised Sunday afternoon atfour o'clock, and received fellowship into the church at the eveningservice. Rev W. E. Eillis preacheda most beautiful sermon relative to"What It Means to Be a Christian'which was instructive, elevating andencouraging to all of a Christian1 faith, and especially so to the newconverts.- A marriage license was issuedJSaturday from the County Clerk'soffice in Lexington to Russell Rose,22, carpenter, Bourbon county, andMiss Daisy Baker, 21, of Lexington.MOORE WILLIAMSMiss Marian, Moore, daughter ofMr. Thomas Moore, formerly ofParis, and Mr. Ben Williams, ofFrankfort, were married recently inJackson. The bride will be pleasatly remembered here, where shespent her girlhood days. She is agraddaughter of the late Capt. andMrs. James M. Thomas. She has onebrother, Rogers Moore, of Lexington,Avho married Miss Williams, a sister of her husband. Mr. Williams isa well-known young business manof Frankfort, a son of B. J. Williafcns, formerly County Judge ofFranklin county.GAME COMMISSION OFFICIALURGES LAW ENFORCEMENTMr. J. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the State Game and FishCommission was in Paris, Saturdayand Sunday, as a guest or his brother, Mr. J. Miller Ward, and Mrs.Ward, at their country home, nearParis. ,Mr. Ward is greatly interested inthe task of stocking the woods andstreams of Kentucky with fish andgame of all varieties, and is devotingto this work a great deal of energyand time in return for which heg-ets very little in the way of liiaterial reward. He delights in it forthe love of the sport. u-Kentucky, in the opinion of Mr.Ward, needs a strong organizationof sportsmen to back up the lawswhich have been passed for the protection of fish and game. He saysKentucky is splendidly suppliedwith streams and forests, andshould, under proper development,furnish rare sport for the fishermanand the hunter. Deer and wildturkey, if given protection for a fewyears, will multiply in this State,a-nd all over the Common wealththere are streams suited for thepropagation of the small-mouthblack bass, "inch for inch, the gamest fish that swims." It is likely thatan eifort will be made this year toorganize a State Gaie and Fish Association with branches in everycounty, and Mr. Ward wants Bourbon to have one of the very best.HAS THESE THINGS HAPPENEDTO YOU?Once upon a tinie a man' entereda watcnmaKers snop, to -nave niswatch repaired. "When may I havemy watch?" asked the man. "Inabout six weeks," answered thewatchmaker. "Why the delay?"the man inquired. "There is a greatscarcity of mainspring repairs," saidthe watchmaker.And the man fared forth, and,slipped and fell upon the pavement,which, owing to the scarcity of Ishovelers,was icy.v The man tried to telephone to theautomobile service station, to gethis car, which had been promised tohim that afternoon, but the foremantold, hifa that there was a shortageof mechanics and that he could nothave his car for two weeks. It tookthe man twenty minutes to get theservice fetation by telephone, owingto the shortage of telephone operators. ' "Well' said the man, "the subway is crowded; the streets are replete with humanity; the restaurants brim with human beings.Surely the population is not dwindl' MATRIMONIAL.ing."And he went to his office andopened his !nail. And it came tohim, as in a vision, forj.he said, "Iknow what all these cx-wUtchmak-ers,ex-snow shovelers, -ex-mechanics,ex-telephpne operators are doing. They are in the publicity, or,as it used to be called; press aent,-tinstnacc T"" i Il - --- "ur.. f. -- -,4- t f t (t,i NJ-iViVTODAY, TUESDAY', Madelaine Tf awftsein What Wpulft YoUj Do?'.",- .'It's a. big play of absorbifat humaninterest arid lieart throbs: Dofift niiss it..v.--" rCjth ROLANTIiii.Tht; Adventure pjf f Ruth5?and Priziria Color ipicture: -- : JjGregg's Orclstra . PlayingDEATHS.HUGHES.flHiram Hughes, aged about fifty, a farmer residing near RuddlesMills, died -Friday afternoon aboutfour o'clock, at the Massie MemorialHospital, following an illness and,operation for an internal abcess.The body was ripnoved to the Geo.W. Davis undertaking establishment, where it was prepared forburial. The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at Carlisle, the funoral cortege leaving Paris in automobiles. Mr.- Hughes is survived byone brother, who resides near Carlisle. STEPHENS.J. Q. Stephens, aged ninety,one of the oldest and Jmost prominent-business men of Mt. Sterling,died at his home in that city Sunday morning at 10:30 o'clock. Mr.Stephens was one of a. family oftwenty-seven children, all born andreared in Montgomery county. Heheld a number of public offices .oftrust in the city of Mt. Sterling, andit was his boast that lie had never"scratched" a ticket. He is survived by one daughter and three sons.His cranddniiffhtpr Miss RfpllnStephens, is a member of the ParislTT.,. -I1. 1 J- nxxiisu J3UU001 iacuiiy.SMART.Mrs. Maude Smart, aged twenty-nine,wife of H. K. Smart, died atfour o'clock yesterday morning ather home in Rosedale Addition, aftera long illness due to abcess of thelung. Mrs. Smart was a daughterof George and Jennie Ross Miller,of Nicholas county.Mrs. Smart is survived by herhusband and five children, her father and mother, three sisters, Mrs.Mary Berryman, of Paris, Mrs.Mayme McVey, and Mrs. Ethel Millar, of Nicholas county, and onebrither, William Miller, of Nicholascounty.The funeral will be held from thefamily residence with services conducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery at two o'clock to-morrowafternoon by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.THE SCHO.OL TEACHER IS ENTITLED TO A LIVING.The lack of trained teachers hasbeen a matter of c4nmon lamentation for year's. We have lamented,but we have done little or nothingto get trained teachers, and now weare indulging in even deeper lamen'tation over the lack of any teacherat all.There is no secret- to why teachers of the right sort 'are almost impossible to get in the rural districts,or why teachers of any kind are becoming scarcer and scarcer. Everyone knows that it is because teachers are not paid a living wage.East" Tennesse teachers held ameeting recently and decided that nocollege graduate ought to teachfor less than $100 a month for thefirst year; no normal school graduate for less than $80 a month; nohigh school graduate for less than$60 a month, and -that these salariesought steadily to be increased withthe increased experience of theteachers. These figures are not a bittoo high. Considering what unskilled laborers of many kinds are get-ling, and what it costs even to livethese days, tbey are low.One thing is certain teachersmust be better paid, or there7 willsoon be no teachers to pay. We mayjust as well make up our minds topay them more., oHUMORIST'S DESCRIPTION OFOIL WELL LAUGHABLE. ,George Fitch, the humorist, hasexpressed his opinion of oil wells.George's description of an oil wellreads like pome of his millionairedollar plays. Here is the humorist'sdescription of a well:"An oil well is a hole in theground about a quarter of a miledeep, into which a man may put aIsmail fortune or out of which hemay take a big one. And he neverknows until the hole, is finished."Nothing is as noncommittal as anoil well that isn't finished. A sphinxis garrulous beside it. But when itis finished it either goes on beingquieter than ever or it beginsspouting automobiles,' trips to Europe and largely nobby mansions inNew York." " ( ,L-HERBERT HOOVER INYJTa TOADDRESS LEGISLATURE.Senator George ;Hoji. of Winchester, introduced a 'resolution tn theSenate inviting Herbert Hoover toaddress the Generil Assembly. Senator Brock, Republican leader, opposed the resolution on the- groundthat there was not sufficient Unie,but it was adopted after ,JD?r4JeT3,tc,i -;ftTdnifrrow,K'&-,V"Tfflf RlGHf OF &Y"Sir Gill oft' Parker's Master Romance ofCanadian North Woods, Starring?' BERT-tiYTELLACoED666, TTppics offcsray eJctograpli . ...And Comedy, "Excess Baggage''xh 1Hi iTHE C0L0HED BEOTHER'S PERt SIPLAGE IN COMEDY.i JA little comedy now and then isrelished by the wisest of men. Alittle nonsense often tends to dispelthe glocn of the work-a-day world.In this connection it may be remarked tha,t the average "coon" i3as full of wit as an egs is of meat,aiid often gets off sane funny sayiHg without anpearinc: to know orfeel that they are in the funny class.'THE NEWS man was passing thedoor of a large mercantile ' establish -ment en Main street the other day,when he noticed two colored em -ployes of -the stora engaged in ananimated conversation on the sidewalk. Of course, Ihis was early inthe morning, at the daily dust-raisingtime. It seems that one of them'en was a -little bit lax in his duties and the other, who appeared tobe a' major-domo of the- undesdrvarit' variety, was taking him to taskabout, it. The "head man" has secured tie job lor tne erring one,ana was greaiij peevea.Why doan you do better work?Look at me. I sweeps off a nastypavement, lou am t got no "pre-uiasiiuii iifci iiuL-uiii . jliuuk. av youwhen you come here and I got youdis job.had ' terYou v.'iiz so ragged dat youcarry yer money in yermouf!""Jess keep on," replied the erringone, rolling his, eyes. "Jesg keep on.That's all I axes you. I'll fix you so.jest one while collar will last youfrpm now on. The last nigger I hitfiain't never cum back yit. He jestcan't git the bump on his head thruthat store doah!"J THE NEWS man looked back after a time and the trouble seemed tohave been averted, as there was nosign of hostilities. ,"l'don't dr?w any more," said, thecorkscrew. "I seem to have lost mypujl.". ' y4n Payta, Peni, the interval between two showers of rain is aboutsevenyears.nYou Can Save a Good DealWhen You Buy Now at Cut PricesDuring This GreatmMiG?IfeK KASB.T6UifTG:rLadies' Erown Kid Boots, in English lasts, militaryheels or the high Louis heels, values to fc$9.00, now.Ladies' and Growing Girls'Lace Boots, nowLadies' $7,50 Brown Kid Lace Boots, leathertops, Trench or Military English heels, whilethey last, SPECIAI ;Lot of Ladies Shoes r m qpvalues up to $3.50 .. SJ3Special Men's Tan Gun MetalJShoes, all new lasts, $8.00ssaie.prceMen's Good Work Shoes, worthOn sale at..Park Greitest Shoeuj .- -DANJSES&JWednesdayFEATURES.the Day"AfternoonTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTKen tuckians in Washington arequoted in a daily paper of recentdate as "manifesting 'great surprisewhen the Census Bureau's reportshowed Lexington's population asbeing only 41,534." What's worrying most people is to figure outwhere the "surprise" part comes in.That ungodly city has been claijriingall along that the census wouldshaw a population of 50,000. Butthe Government's unbiased workers: found things different there.As oneprominent Lexington man once re' marked, "The best thing- about Lex-mgton is the fact that there's somany different ways of getting outof the place in a hurry!THE LAND OF THE FREE?Now that a laborer has been arwith the lunch he was eating atwith eht lunch he was eatinsr atthe dinner hour we h ft tinkline- of what n. -mirp nrMHHftinn. , .. 3... WW QWW fcha. Beer has been the poor man'sbeve rage for a thousand years. Thej Norsemen conquered new worlds onbeer and cheese. The Tartars brewed it '500 years B. C. The Britonswho settled this country were raisedon beer. And for 300 years beerhas been part of our American life.And now because a few fanatics control Congress, the use of beer is notonly forbidden, but is made-a felony.No 'matter haw decent and lawabiding a citizen may be, ,if he isfound taking a drink of beer he isherded with the thug, the degenerateand the murderer. And he is taxedheavily that 40,000 spies may spendmillions of dollars prying into hisaffairs for fear that he might iakea glass of beer. It seems a joke, butthe Holy Joes who own Congressright now know that "the GreatAmerican Jelly Fish will stand foranvthing. And you are one of theJelly Fish.oAt the time of its birth the giraffemeasures six feet from its hoof tothe top of its head.TIIIf you are looking for shoe valuesextraordinary this sale offers youthe chance to realize a-saving of 30to 40 per cent, on every purchase.Now is the Time ToBuy and SavepJmW3$6.00 English$3.99A lot of Children's Kid Shoes,worm i.ou, atand Vici KidBoys' Shoes of quality that will give lastingwear. Buy a pair and save $2.00. o jaOn sale at $3.49grades c OOv puir.f$4.50, . .$2.99Misses' and Children's $4.00 Lace.Boots, all sizes, on sale atCOHENStore'-Where BcwityThursday, March 11th ,TORMA TALMADGEin "The forbidden City"See Norma-Talmadge in the dual role jof San San and Toy. The most exquisite!Chinese story ever screened. - ,OTHER FEATURESCristie Comedy, "A Cheerful Liar"Vod-a-Vil MoviesPathe Reviewand Evening:ROOMS RESERVED FOR STATE!DELEGATES TO CONVENTION .vNRooms for the Kentucky delegates'to the Democratic National Convention at San Francisco have already'been reserved for them by GeneralW. B..Haldeman, D&nocratic National Committeeman. These reservations have been made at St. Francis, the leading hotel of the convention city. In addition to reserving'the delegates' rooms, Gen. Haldeman has obtained a large assnblyroom in the same, hotel for delegation meetings during the convention. This room he will present,froc o charge, for the delegates' usewich hi3 compliments.'"ic-2 arrangements provide fullyfor the Kentucky delegation.RIGHT SORT OF AMBITION.The height of the ambition o,fsome people in these United Statesis to be the proud possessor of adangerous prosperity seldom if everadorned 'their persons with a "biledshirt." Silk shirts even when theywere selling at normal pripes werenever economical. haberdashershave always prominently displayedthe sign, "silk goods not guaranteed." But now the quality is nobetter and the prices are outrageously high. The man who wantsthe dozen silk shirts -now would dobetter were he to invest $82.49 in aTreasury Savings Certificate and fiveyears hence draw down one hundreddollars in gold. By that time hewould not spend very much of hissalary on so flimsy and perishable agarment as a silk shirt.oBIRTHS.Near Paris, to the wife of Lonnie Graves, a son, christened RogerBayless Graves. Mrs. Graves wasformerly Miss Jennie King Thomas,of Hamilton, Ohio. -lEAtt rAL'.5U5FaIffrmwrLadies' $7.50 and -$8.00 BrownKid Boots, Black Kid EnglishLace Boots, tan and black kidwith gray kid tops, now$5.95$4.95sizes 3 to 6, ,$1.00$2.99taaEconomy RcinJS?Afct town.VT1""" -. .--- f -.with only Brock TOte'-.againsteit; a.&f ' ' - y, ,'"3rS1rf"'" !rKiV-4