1a'Siiti-i . , JWi.-5raHVvraEiMmnys rMjSJCW, .7' lnnnHHTnMmnrwmnKMiiPFaras&v . ,v. ; 'L'ir. . i?Ji ;w " a. - v as- - - - - rx j- - & ttm&mmmmsE&:-toits . .'WJTii'JV "t 'J?r, tt. L..r :rv, rwfvrt?3 -'- v yksPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON-COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1520in i iimiii i miii i ? "wta r mx f-ri7ixwwr ?rnut-w v.i t rr wjrt 'twwmt J- i us. i -ft rt. iw , -,-jr-ixvw- jt-- s. tiaf ?a"iscsNEWSmmmmMmmvi;NS?0MySTHT TOSET ASIDETRACT.OIL C0K-Clifton C. Bosworth, of L.exing-.Ion, Receiver of the Bourbon Oil &Development Co., and its auxiliary,the Co-operative Land and DevelottTrent Co., of Paris, has filed suit in.the office of Deputy U. S. CourtSpencer Finnell, in. Lexington,against the Marchmcnt Oil Co., andothers, composed mainly of Paristnd Bourbon county people.The suit seeks to set aside an,alleged contract between the Marchmont Oil Co. and the Bourbon Oil& Development Co., whereby theMarchmont Co., it is said, agreed tosell its leases, equipment, etc., to theother companies for $15,000, tobe paid by notes of $7,500, givenby each of the other companies. Italso asks that two notes of 7,500each be concelled.It is also asked in the siut that adeed of conv4yVnce by the Co-operatingLand & Development Co., transferring an oil lease in Lee Countyto the defendants, be decreed to beonly a mortgage on the propertyand not an absolute conveyance ofinterest of the Co-operating Lani &Development Co.cB0URB0K GUN CLUB.INTERESTING STUDY OFSCHOOL GRADESCITYBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe regulai weekly shoot of theBourbon Gun Club was held on theClub grounds in East Paris last Friday. The day was a favorable onein every respect, and the shooteismade good scores. The followingscores were made:Hiram Roseberry. 24, 24, 25 25.Matt Lair, 21, 20. 22..Wm. Ardery, 21, 24, 20, (with 20gauge gun.)Alfred Clay, 24, 23.H. E. Andeison, 21, 22, 21.W. K Ferason, 20, 21, ?0, 21.John Yerkes, 21, 21, 23.Ayelette Buckner, 24, 24, 22.W.' S. Haggard, 20Frank "Williams, 25, 24.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., 22, 21, 21.Rudolph Davis, 21, 21.A. B. Perkins, 22, 21.Sam Clay, 24, 23.C. K. Thomas, 21.J M. Caldwell, 21, i'3, 24.Woodford Buckner, 24.Waltei Kenney, 20.Dr. Kiff, 22.he regular shoot of the Club wiU"be held on tbe grounds in EastParis this afternoon, beginning atone o'clock. The days are gettingshort and cooler now, so come earlyi-nd have a good time before the badweather comef to stop the sport.oOFF AGAIN.?'Through the courtesy of Superintendent of Public Schools Lee Kirkpatrick End the members of the P.H. S. faculty, THE NEWS has beenfurnished the following interestingstudy of the first eight grades inthe Paris City School. This studyshows the large enrollment, high ptrcent, of attendanca and the hlgh.standard of work being done by theteachers:Grade I, (Miss Layton) Total enrollment, 43; percentage of attendance, 94; average scholarship, 78.9.Grade I, (Miss Lillebton) Total enjollment, 5; percentage of attendance, 98; average scholarship, 88.Grade I, (Mrs. Harris) Total enrollment, 30; peicentage of attendance. 96: average scholarship, 80.Grade II, (Miss Talbott) Totalenrollment, 30; percentage of attendance, 95.6; average scholarship,86. Grade II, (Miss Whaley) Tctal enrollment, 61; -percentage of attendance, 93;' average scholarship,85.Grade III, (Miss Purnell) Totalenrollment, 47; percentage of attendance, 90; average scholarship,1 85, Grade IH, (Miss Stone) rot-uenrollment, 48; percentage of attendance, 96.5; average scholarship,85.Grade IV, (Miss Taylor) Tntalenrollment, 48; percentage of attendance, 94; average scholarship.88. Grade IV. (Miss Brannon)Total enrollment, 47, percentage ofattendance, 98; average scholarship,86.Grade V, (Miss Bell) Total enrollment, 47; percentage of attendance, 94; average scholarship, 90.Jrade V. (Miss Rice) Total enrollment, 46; percentage of attendance,95; average scholarship, 90.Giade I, (Miss Farreii) rotaienrollment, 43; percentage of attendance, 93; average scholarship,S7. Grade VI, (Miss Clark) Totaienrollment, 40; percentage of attendance, 95; average scholarship,90. t .Grade VII, (Miss Ammerman)Total enrollment, 32; percentage ofattendance, 97; average scholarship,79. Grade VII, (Mrs. Fishback)Total eiroilment, 36; percentage ofattendance. 99; average scholarship,.Grade V1U, (Miss Ranson)- -Totalenrollment, G3; percentage of attendance, 97; average scholarship,82.Best coffees, 55c, 45c, 40c, 30c, perpound.(1) C. P. COOK & CO.oREADJUSTMENT SALEVisit our Readjustment Sale, beginning Nov 9th, and endingNov. 20th.(9-2t) B. M. TUNE.BUGGIES AND WAGONS AT BARGAINS TO -WAftl4! RMvmWe have to have room for Christmas goods.We will sell a few Harper buggies worth $200.00 for $160.00.Standard buggies worth $150.00for $130.00.Pony buggies, cob size, w$125.00 for $110.00.Tnhn Deere wagons, 3 'Askeen, $125.00. v ornr.3 incn wagons, ?jy.vv,FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.orthinchFollowing the adjournment takeifrom the opening day the secondday's session of the Bourbon CircuitCourt coLveiied Tuesday morning,when Judge Robert L. Stout took upthe docket with the criminal cases.Maggie Brooks and Bessie Dorsey.two colored girls of North Middletown, convicted and sentenced totwo ears each in the penitentiaryon a charge of forgery, were ordered sent to the State Reforn School,on account of their youth, both being under seventeen years of age.Emma Hamilton, colored, on thesame charge, pleaded guilty, and wasgiven two years in the Frankfort Revformatory. Edgar French, colored,charged with stealing a pair ofshoes from Joe Fudold, failed toanswer wnen nis name was caiieu.He was found guilty and sentencedto three months ;n the county jail athard labor. Judge Stout called thattention of those present in thecourt room to the unusual proceed-?ings, when three women were convicted of the same charge, sayingthat forgery was one of tha hardestcrimes in the world to get awaywith, and that punishment was sure.In the afternoon Judge Stout heardarguments fo7- the allowance of attorneys fees in the suit of depositorsvs. George Alexander Bank, no decision being leached. The membersof the petit jury were summonedWednesday morning. The grandjury made their final report, -returning nineteen true bills. Bench warrants were issued and the jury wasexcused by the Court.Wednesday damage suits filed byRichard Stewart and Ossie Gravittagainst the Paris Milling Co. cameup for trial. After the jury had beensworn, attorneys on botn sids announced that a settlement naa oeenreached and the cases were d'smisned. The Court adjourned to Thursday. When Court resumed businessyesterday morning the trial of A. S.Evans, coloied, charged with housebreaking and grand larceny was entered irto. The jury gave him asentence of two years in the Frankfort Refonmatory.oEXPERT AUTOMOBILE PAINTERAND TRIMMER ENGAGEDWe have employed the services ofMr. J. E. Jones, an expert automobile painter and trimmer. Thosedesiring worK m this line can beassured that ihey will get first-classservice under our guarantee behrinHnjr this work here. Ths V itbe time of year to place your orderfor having your car done over.Special attention given to repairwork to tops. etc.C. S. BALL GARAGE.(12-4t)COMMERCIAL CLUB LISTING'AVAILABLE BUSINESS SITESIn connection with the meeting ofthe Commercial Club next Tuesdaynight on industrial development, aneffort will be launched to list available factory sites 'and empty buildings for the location of new industries in Paris, William E. .Hacker,secretary, already is furnishing information to concerns contemplating locating in Paris and finds thedemand is largely for vacant buildings since there is not much disposition to undertake building operations at present. Other subjects inregard to industrial developmentwill be the labor situation, discussion of the policy of the club Jnseeding new mausines, wnat ciassof industries Paris is particularlyadapted for by virtue of locationand resources, expansion of presentindustries and kindred subjects.This groupt of meetings will befollowed by meetings dealing withcivic affairs, under the direction ofJohn J. Williams, head of that department of the club. A host of projects are listed for discussion underthis heading. Improved health conditions, parks, playgrounds andother recreational facilities, betterservice from public utility companies, the housing question, agricultural and highway development,are some of the questions to be discussed. Following the meeting of each interest group, the board of directorswili be presented with reports ofthe action at the meetings, andcommittees will be appointed, commissioned with definite tasks. Thecommittees will be composed offrom seven to fifteen persons.AUTOISTS CONVICTED IN POLICE.COURT.iThat the Paris police and PoliceJudge Martin are making .a determined effort to stop violations of theautomobile laws, is evidenced fromthe records of the Court. In thepast few weeks thirty convictionshave been secured and heavy finesimposed out of a total of thirty-fivecases presented in the Court.The charges upon which the violaters were arrested were principallyparking on wrong side of the street,or leaving cars parked on Mainstreet longer than the prescribedtime. Exceeding speed limit, reckless driving, .glaring headlights andother violations of the city ordinances and the State law formed,the basis of other convictions in theCourt.The police state the good workwill go on. Autoist' are rapidlybecoming convinced that the lawsmust be obeyed. IPOURTHANNUAL REDROLL CALLrnrfeNMLT-LOCALBOY BECOMINGBALL STAREOOTTWO GOOD SUNDAY MEALS, DINNER AND SUPPER.Make arrangements to have yournoonday meal oi 6 o'clock dinner atthe Ell;s Tea Room. These mealare becoming very popular. (It)oTURKEYS! TURKEYS!Brown(It)4-4'"H'4-'l--IM'4-I-l'lI-M-'-4'tH'"1 1 1 i M 1 M'H 'I 'M 1 'I 'I trFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSiSpecial Notice!The prices in every lineof merchandise in our entire stock, including cottons, ginghams, wool goodsand silks, have been readjusted to meet the presentday low price demand. Weare also making especiallylow prices on all coats,suits; waists, skirts anddresses.10 per cent off on all, furs, coats and neckpieces.Y. M. C. A. NOTES tThe Y. M. C. A. schedule for thisweek has several special numbers inaddition to the legular program ofactivities.On Friday night at 7 p. m., Mr.Eugene King, on furlough from Y.M. C. A. work in France, will denovor nr. nrJfJrpss in the lobbi. Mr.Kinsr was in the Y. transport service during the war, and nas had avery interesting war work exnerlence. Admission free. The publicis cordially invited.At 7 30 p. jm. Friday the Business Men's Volley Bali Team willhold their first practice for the season. This learn promises to brin$500,000 worth of ad vei Using toParis albo, W. R. Blakemore, Dr. 1.S Henry, Withers Davis, J. G. Metcalfe, T. S. Smylie, M. P. Collier, A.V. Dcuglass are among tnose winprom'se to stage a "come back" andwill try for the team."That Dam Ye," the story of warwork in France, is a popular recenaddition to the reading room table.November 14 to 20 has been setaside as the Y. M. C. A. International Committee as he week ofprayer and will be observed by theBourbon County Association.Secretary C. B. Harrison calls attention to the fact that the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., as its namestates, is a county organization,supported by citizens from all partsof the county and desiring to servoall of ihe citizens of the county.No limits or boundaries exceptthe county boundary lines are recognized in the work, and boys andyoung nen irom an vci mc wuuwjare invited to come in at any umcand to make use of the various features ard to make themselves athome.oERESH HSH' AND OYSTERSWe will receive today fine Baltimore oysters and fresh fish. Let u?have your order. Fish dressed freeof charge. .MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.We will begin receiving turkejsfor the Thanksgiving market on November 8th, and will receive dailyuntil Thursday, November 18.We will pay the highest marketprice for all good fat turkeys. Don'tsell your turkeys early, give them p.chance to get fat. while the weatheris cool s when they fatten.XI other dressers can't handleihem, we can. You can sell themto us later and we will paj you topmarket prices.We would rather have thepr. fron.the 3 1th -to 17th, as we expect thistime to be the best market days.Don't feed your turkeys day of delivery. LEON RENAKER & CO.Dow Buliding, Main Street, Opposite Hotel Windsor.'Phones, Cumberland 361, Home552. (2-41oWATJT NEWS OF MISSING BOYEROM MICHIGANThe county and city authorities,as well as the press of the city, havebeen asked by Mrs. V. A. Walker, ofSt. Johns, Clinton county, Michigar,to help in the nation-wide searchbeing made for her missing son,Myrl Walker, who h?s been missing since May 29. The circularaccompanying the request reads asfollows:"Myrl Walker Missing. Age sixteen. Black hair; black eyes; 5 ieet,5 inches tall; weigbs 130 pound",boy of good habits and bright in hisstudies. Five nunarea aoiiars rewd'uis, hereby offered for informationthat will lead to his finding. Hehas been missing since May 29,1920. His parents are greatly worried, about him and wish to providefor his education and comfort. Direct your information to Mrs. V. A.Walker, St. Johns, Clinton County,Michigan, Route No. 2."A POSITIVE GUARANTEEThe daily papers carried the following Tuesday on their sportingpage in a special from Lexington,concerning a Paris boy who is coming to the front in the footballworld :"Rice, a light but fast end frcpuParis, Ky., probably wll 'Start Saturday against Cente- in place ofGeorge Zerfoss, whose playing thisseason has not been ip to par. Ricas played in the Kentucky-Cincinnatigame and demonstrated his ability to stop runs around his end, andtake a prominent part in theoffense."A. T. Rice, Jr., referred to in theabove, is a son of Mr. and Mrs. AlerT. Rice, of Paris. He is neginninghis Freshman year at the Universityof Kentucky by establishing an enviable football record. He is thuscontinuing the splendid athletic record, he made at the Paris HighSchool, where he was active in bothfootball and basketball. Rice, whohas registered in the College of Artsand Science, is a pledge of the S. A.E. fraternity, and is also making" agood record in the class room.oForces ot patriotic Bocounty citizens will soon beshalled for the Fourth Annual RettCall .of the American Red Ctoh4With its coming the people of Bom-.bon county, whose record of frnttiKotic war service was second to a oat,wPI again respond to ihe call for kmanitarian service.With a quota of two thousMMLofficers of the local Chapter jradfethat the county will "go ovar thmtop" with the same, push that chtr-vacterfzed the war time drives. Tkvarious organizations of the city &jmLcounty are' giving their full endorsement to the Roll Call, and will frsist in realizing its full succeei.The Bourbon County WofflailiClub, at a recent meeting, unami- "mously approved the Red Croes, RcUCall. Sunday, November 14, bftbeen designated as "RedCrss RoilCall Sunday" Announcements .wiitbe made from all pulpits in ihcounty and from Sunday schools tJ--ative to the Roll Call.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GUAMAND ALAMOREADJUSTMENT SALEreduceduringYes, we will positivelyevery article in our stockour Readjustment Sale.(9-2t) B. M. TUNE.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)To-day, Friday, November 12Great Vitagraph film-play, in sewnreels. "Trumpet Island," with allstar cast; Antonio Moreno, in serial,"The Veiled Mystery;" Snub Pollard Comedy, "A Regular Pal."To-morrow, Saturday, NovemDer13 Margarita Fisher, in "Ttw'Thirteenth Piece of Silver," with."King Bi'ggot and Forrest Stanleysupnorting; Alice Howell Ccfnedy."He'r Lucky Day."Monday, November 15 Olive Tell,in "The Wings of Pride;" Hall xRoom Boys in "The Misfortune;"Pa the Review.Gregg's Orchestra plays-afternoon&nd night.oARMISTICE DAY OBSERVEDThere was no public observanceof Armistice Day in Paris. Theschools gave a holiday to pupils in-honor of the day. Bourbon Post,American Legin, gave a program otappropriate exercises in the Maaoni&Temple, last night, followed by ai.oyster supper- Nearly all the axservice men from Paris and Bour-bon county atterded. The day waspublicly observed elsewhere, immanner befitting the importance-ofthe day, but Paris remained dumfclj. -APPOINTED ADMDHSTRATOX"t wIn the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton appointed Mrs. Stella Roeas administrator of the estate of thelate William Rose. Mrs. Rose accepted the trust, and qualified lrfurnishing bond in the sum of $7,500, with Inez Rose as surety.urkraut has been found of great. j tJ . nAta.mi1fusr on Doara sinus as u. mic-suiuagainst scurvey during long voyage.36 C1 H MiWE KNOW HOWTHREE CONVICTS ESCAPE FROMSHARPSEURG CAMPAFRANK: &,COChief of Police Link received amessage Wednesday from the Bathcounty authorities stating thatthiee colored convicts, two black andoue a mulatto, had escaped from aconstruction camp, near there. Themen had been working on roal conctmntfnr. wnik. Thev were thought4 ' to hLve headed this way.t umei ljinK iaier icv-civcu nu", that three strange negroes answering i. in many respects the descriptionf , eiven of tie convicts, had been $enT 'oa the. Redfoon roike nwkr Paris. HSee the guarantee of the Williamson Heater Company on page 8.. A. S. BEST & CO., AgentsBoth Phones 33 Millersburg, Ky.(26-8t) 'BOX SUPPER ATf THE HOUSTONSCHOOL.Th Tamils of the Houston School,Mrs. Birdie Clay Webb, teacher, willgive a box supper in the scnocibuilding, on Thursday evening, November 18. The public is extendeda cordial invitation to attend.oNOTICE TO PATRONS OF GAS &ELECTRIC CO.We are sorry to be compelled tonotify our customers that in thefuture we will discontinue our practice of sending a collector out bftween the 15th and 20th of themonth to collect the unpaid bills athat time, but must insist that allbi'ls be paid at the office of thecompany. .We allow you the regular discountif they are paid on or before 6 p. m.of the 10 th of the month or ifchecks are mailed so as to show postmark of the 10th and our servicewill be discontinued on the 20thwhere the account has not been settled. Pay betord the 10th and haveyour discbunt.PARIS iGAS uiiimuAiv v,w,Owing to the Late Season and theTight Money Market we find that weare overstocked with Men's andBoys' Clothing and have decided togive our customers aR ITIN MEN'S AND BOYS SUITSAll $85.00 and $80.00 Suits$65.00All $75.00, $70 and $65.00 Salts$59.50kC. L. STEENGERGEN,. 19.41)1 J f ; .ManagerMen's Corduroy Pants, $8.00 Qnaljty$5.00Boys' Suit, $5.00 to $20.00. We don't want tooverlook the ladies, so we have place on sale $4.50Silk Hose at $3.50, and $3.50 Hose at $2.50..Black, cordovan and white colors.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREV HWTFITTEMTOTaivv'X.ifcntt th point in. hia auix ljMore &tJit' 1fcouwte arx.H' J w m99r. A vw'.SS5S.:t)r bitfrttn.-.-, t, -fcw 9ft& t& JKWf wimvjtyF jw?pnKAVfaKrpnhrWb&rVjt.iV.4 t ,'SK.,- SK" iVs.f ja--''ii- fi-r ,.&iAT--f -JPAGE TWOaasggaaaanrti . m i jArtMMMMMMMHtMMMMMMiflr-ZsRMP5BAISAMJfalSTOPTHffCoOGRGUARANTEEDW1TH THE tDKUMllERJrIn "Notes of The Traveling Men,"Sunday's Lexington Herald has thefollowing concerning- well-knowntraveling men of Paris:"If any traffic officer thinks hecan outdo Les Rue, just let him tryit. One officer in Paris a few daysago got after him for parking his cartoo long on Main street, and Lesargued with him so fast that theofficer forgot all about what he wasthere for." 'Cooney' Neff, representing thePower Grocery (jomprny, x-ans, w.isIn Beattyville last week. 'Cooney'talked s-o loud that he was heard inHeidleberg six miles away. ,Hc musthave been excited over the electionreturns."DEMOCRATIC PASTY TO BE "WE-i.ORGANIZED" r ,-The DollarConvalescentIsV9 Each day in our store it is beginningto look more like its former self, and weare helping to hasten its complete recovery.I "- Although our prices were always withinreason, we gladly are ready to forgetprofit and bring prices down.Q These radical reductions are in everydepartment, so get your share of thebargains.Offering Men's Suits and Overcoats at$15.00, $18.50, $20.00, $25.00Tk&i yoir have seen priced for much more, is sure toconvince you of our earnestness.9 We are agents for that good MunsingUnderwear. "f "Trade at Home"HOME.and call our storeTWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEFT.619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorGeorge White, chairman of theDemocratic National Committee.disclaimed knowledge oi a corner- 7oence which has been reported to.pnone 4fhave been called m wasnington rova reorganization of th Democraticparty, presumably by those opposedto President Wilson."I am still national chairmanand have no knowledge of such agathering" said Mr. White.He added that, of course, therewas no reason why any group ofDemocrats should not get togetherand discuss plans for the future.He said that he intended to leaveNew York foi a ten-days' huntingtrip, after which he would make hisheadquarters in Washington."As ooon as I get on the jobagain," he said, "I intend to call ameeting of the National Committeeand appoint an executive committed.The woik of shaping policies for thefuture will be largely in the handsof the Executive Committee."-'Jw'C& StrictWhen you want taxi cabscrrice,any hour ot the day or -night, call!us, .Cumberland phone 7, or Home"".. r. , . . T ... v nm i M W ' !P3w?c?!SsseaBBBBI c -."For SaleFord Sedan, with wiie wheels.In good condition. A bargain at$600.RL-GGLES MOTOR CO.(26-tf)Garage For SaleIn order to dissolve paitnershipwe offer piivately the Citizens Garage, located Main and Secondstreets. Garage equipment withtires, tubes and accessories.Possession given November 1,1920.CITIZENS GARAGE,i (oct 26-tf Rowland & Buchanan.a a mi ' i i mm i mi i.j New FirmWe have formed a partnershipunder the firm name of Paynter &.Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a. general blacksmithing, woodworking and horseshoeing businessat the old Curtis stand, in EastParis. We know our busines3thoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best workrmanship and satibfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STROTHER PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.i (octl.tf)WELDINGi AUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.; HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.j Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)Sr r , llfifEI lr eHANK5GIVING TA5LE'.-oV 39 yL.r- uTHE 'PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.Keys LostIf the boy who picked up a bunchof keys in front of the Busy BeeCash Store, on Main .street, Saturday night, will return them to officeof The Bouibon Lumber Co, onSouth Main street, he will receive aliberal ieward. (nov-2-tf). 4$MippWftilkOne McDougaL ithe Cabinettwo Keltax Chain anCDlvari; orNew Process Stove, all good, as new.Call Cumberland Phone 73.For Sale1918 Maxwell touring car, goodtires, and in good shape mechanically. A 1917 Studebaker "Four"touring car, good tires and good mechanically. Both these cars are priced right and for a quick sale. Comeand see them at Citizen's Garage.GIBSON MOTOR CO.,(9-tf) Both Phones 294.In Nw LaeatfePkxet, Pkyers wi. Onlriaet TaErimflocated, m ifAm now permanentlyour new quarternGive us a call and be convinced ofcux bargains in strictly fcigh-gradQPianos, Players and Talking Machines. Also have used Upright Piano,Victor Talking Machine ard almostnew Player Piano cheap. Cash orconvenient terms may be arranged.J. H. TEMPLETON PIANO CO.,226 Main St., Wilson Bldg,(upstairs)J. B. GE1S, Representative.CF) Cum. Phone 20 J.AT AUCTION!-SMALL PARMOn Thursday, November 18th, 1920At 10:00 O'clock A. M.We will sell to the highest bidder in tracts of 10 acres and up, the farm known as the Wm. Kenneyfarpn.Situated about 9 miles from Paris and 9 miles from Lexington on the Houston and Antioch pike onehalf mile from Interurban stop No. 34 on he Lexington and Paris line, and with railroad station at thecorner of the place on the Houston pike. Impioements A good frame residence, barn and other out--buildings,.Schools and churches close.All the tracts have a good pike fiontage, and are well watered, with a good building site on each. Itkmedlata possession can be had except one room retained until the present occupant removes crops and stock.Immediately cfter the sale of real estate we will sell some persoral pioperty consisting of about 125shocks of corn, two extia good Jersey cows, fresh this winter, one good combination mare, household furniture and other articles.Terms easy for real estate, to De announced on day of sale. The personal property will be sold for. cash. This is a bona fide sale to settle the estate of Mrs. Juliet r. Kenney, and every tract will bf soldto the highest bidder without reserve or by-bid. Mr. Kenney, who is on the place, will shew the propertyto anyone interested.Security Tfust Company(9novct) ' Admr. with the Will Annexed of Mrs. Juliet P. Kenney-?4j 'THANKSGIVING SALEOF LINENSAn event famous for its values, and for the quality that has made the Pogue linens a by-word inevery home where fine linens are appreciated. In spite of the conditions abroad, especially inRussia where a vast amount of the world's flax was formerly produced, this year's ThanksgivingLinen Sale offers great values, and wide selection.; TABLE DAMASKpleached mercerized satin finish table damask, 72 inches wide,MOSAIC TEA NAPKINSMosaic tea napkins ;.!95 c yardTABLE DAMASKAll linen table damask in floral and conventional designs, 70 and 72 inches wide3.95 5.00 5.50 and 6.00Napkins to match8.75 10.00 12.00 and 15.00, per dozenHemstitched10.75sizeBEAT SAVINGS SALEWhere Your Dollars Do Their Duty$30,000 Worth of New U. S. Army GoodsAnd Other New Merchandise to be SacrificedRead over the prices below. Come in and see the goods and be convincedthat these goods are REAL BARGAINS. These goods must be moved quicklyin order for us to turn our money over quickly, as the stock was bought to sellcheap and it MUST BE DONE.Mark the items, you want and send in the -money by your neighbor if youcan't come. Prepare for winter while you can get bargains on winter goods.-ALL LINEN TABLE CLOTHS'Satin finish, all linen table cloths4 Size 2x2 yards, each .... 8.00gj Size 2x2 J yards, each . 10.00Size 2x3 xar(s each. . . 12.00Size 2Jx2? yards, each 11.00Napkms to match9.00 per dozen12.00 18.00 and 25.00dozenMADERIA TEA NAPKINSIleal Madeira tea napkins hand scallopedand hand embroidered. Size 13x13.10.75 12.75 13.50 15.00 20.00and 25.00 dozenP . TABLE ,CLOTHS 'Round scalloped mercerized satin finish-table-'clothsSize 62x65, each 3.75Size 72x72, each 4.85Size 72x90, each 5.00A-"Write Jane Alden, personal shopper, if you can not come to Cincinnati, and she will do your shopping for you.New 0. D. Blankets, all wool. 5-lb.,66x84 ...: : $6,95New Ail Wool Red Blankets, 4-lb.,black bonier, 66x84 4,95Reclaims 0. D. Blankets, all wool 5.i95New Slip-Cver Sweaters, khakicolor 1 .SONew Khaki Sweaters 1 .95All Wool Slio-Over Sweaters . 3.95High Grade Sample Sweaters, someworth $12.00 . . . 3.95Leather Palm Gloves ZSU. S. Government Khaki Coats 'andPants 1.'250. D. Wool GJoves , . . ;95U. S. Army Reclaimed Hobnail andMarching" Shoes 2.95U. S. Government Russett Shoes.. 3.45New U. S. Army Russett DressShoes, $12.00 values 6.95New U. S. Army 'Officers' Shoes, s$14.00 values 7.45New Officers' Tan Elk LeatherHigh Top Boots, 18 inches, $16.00values 1 0.95Fine Cassimere Sox, natural, 50cvalues, 3 pairs for t 1.00Heavy All Wool Sox 50Fine AH "Wool Union Suits 3.95New Crompton Corduroy Pants, allsizes, $8.00 values 4.95New Wool and Wool Mixture DressPants, $8. 00 values 3.95High Grade New Blue ChambryWork Shirts, $2.00 values 1 .25New High Grade Overalls andJackets, Special 1 .65New Heavy Ribbed Underwear,Shirts and Drawers 95Officers New U. S. Raincoats,guaranteed waterproof 9.95U. S. Officers' Leather Puttees, -$14.00 values 7.45New U. S. Officers' 0. D. WoolShirts 4.95New U. S. All Wool Shirts 3.95New All Wool Shirts, great values 2.95Fine, Heavy U. S. Army Sox .25U. S. Army O. D. Coats and Pants 2.45JJ. S. New Wool Shirts and Drawers . '. 1 .95Reclaimed Overall Pants and Shirts .95Sheepskin Vests . ; 6.50Moleskin Coats 4.95U. S. Army Heavy Rainproof Coats 6.95Officers' Sheepskin Coats, moleskinshell, belted, 36 inches long 1 6.95U. S. Army 0. D. Overcoats 1 0.95Reclaimed U. S. Army Wool Shirtsand Drawers v. . . .95Steamer Trunks $9.95-511.95Suit Cases $1.95-$2.95-$4.95These are just a few of the many bargains that we offer tothe public. Prepare for the cold weather now.NOTEAll Reclaimed Merchandise has been thoroughlysterilized and cleaned by the Government!Store Open During Week 7 A. M. to 8 P. M. Saturdays 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.Senp Us Your Mail Orders If You Cannot Attend Our SalesMoney orders or certified checks must accompany all orders. Merchandisenot satisfactory, we will refund your money. - - ;SPECIAL DISCOUNTS TO MERCHANTSc.If2 fh3LK4Mf-t"ili(--ye -,.J;A:f.?fK'sTOGUE'S LINEN DEPARTMENT SECOND FLOORH. & S." POGUECINCINNATI, OHIOWHOLESALE AND RETAIL,THECO.Paris Salvage Co.ADow BuildingLook for the Bis Red FlagPHempHIP'5LXVV.'?l'15f . '.-.-X- ,4i scl. "M. 2S ?.,.3ii .&!4& ,"J?.''jtrrr .-. .Ht -yoif in UfflnTI I I TO fc ot! - -.J ' . "TqgaBBBegBBKiIIHU ifUnin lid MILLERSBURG J :1-Iaj1VihT5v.uciput iii nni nnuunnnuuLUMrs. Proctor Values Tanlac Highly..Gams Twenty-five Pounds.A jniedicme thut will do as mud?for anyone as Tanlac did for me isworth itfs weight in gold," said MrSydney Proctor, 524 College street,St. James, Winnipeg, Manitoba,Canada."Last winter," continued Mrs.Proctor, "I was so run down andweak it was all I could do to getaround the house by holding ontothe chairs and furniture. I had noappetite aid everything I managedto eat teemed to lie in my stomachand sour, cavsing so much gas andpalpitation that I could hardlybreathe. I had terrible dizzy spells,and was so nervous the Jeast thingupset me and I had a pain acrossmy back all the time. I had splitting hei-daches, never knew what itwas to set a good night's rest andof mornings I felt simply dreadful.I wab told my condition was theafter effects of 'fiu.' which I hadearlier in the winter, but I couldfind nothing to help me at all."Tanlac was so highly recommended I resolved to try it and itcestainly proved its worth to me. Ihave gotten back my lost strengthand now do all my housework easily: I eat ravenously, digest everything -perfectly and have gainedabout twenty-five pojnds in weight.Every one of my troubles is gone andit is a pleasure to have tbis opportunity to recommend Tanlac."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)oINDIVIDUAL CERISTMAS ANDHOLIDAY GREETING CAEDSWe are sending off orders everyday for engraving. All orders shouldbe placed ihis month.Our display is the largest andchoicest line of two of the best engravers in the country.The individuality of our line makesit the best. See our window display.Stop, look and hasten in.THE BOURBON NEWS ENGRAV-ING- DEPARTMENT.Several hundred new designs inpenny toys are brought out everyweek in London.HOW DOCTORSANB THE FLUwFirst Step in Treatment Is a Briskf & Purgative With Calotabs, the4 5 Purified and Kenned Calomel-i ' Tablets that are NauseaIces, Safo and Sure.Doctors have found by experiencethat no ncIle:ne for colJs and influenza can be depended upon, for full effectiveness until the liver is made thoroughly acihe. That is why the firstctep in tlie treatment is the new, nauseaJess colomnl taLlets called Calotabs,which ar3 f rco from the sickening andweakening ejects of the old style calomel. Doctors also point out the factthat an acjivo liver may go a long waytowards preventing influenra'and is oneof the most important factors in enabling the patient to successfully withstand an attack and ward oflf pneui monia.One Calolab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor the slightest interference with your eating, pleaslire or wrrlr. 27cxt morning your coldhas vanished, your liver is active, yoursystem is purified, and you are. feelingfine, with a hearty appetite for breakfast. Druggists sell Calotabs only inoriginal sealed packages, price thirtyfive cents. Your money will be cheerfully refunded if you do not find them. delightful. (Adv.)B JTafcar ' .5v r&ssfu7ren.BrnmxJxuvAai6' wMHBKlBS iMSEALIp! 'm(am ei!HThe Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church held an all-daymeeting Wednesday at the church.The Ladies' Aid Society of theBaptist church held an all-daymeeting Wednesday with Mrs. Howard Thompson.THE SICK Mr. M. M. Bowlesand Mrs. Clara Shnnkc? mntimmvery ill. Mr. O. L. Potts is able tobe out again Mrs. Fannie Nortonand Mrs. Anna Darnell continueabout the same. Mrs. Stoker continues to grow weaker. Mr. S. M.Allen spends a short time at thebank every day.Tho Millersburg Twentieth Century Cli.b will render the fol'owingprogram at the meeting in the cluorooms to-morrow afternoon. RollCall Tolstoi; Anna Karenina, TheStory, Mrs. Poole; Tolstoi's Messagein This Book, Miss Fisher; Anna, AType of Deterioration, Mrs. Jones;Contrast Karenina, and RogerCollingsworth. Mrs. Smith; Hostess,Miss McClintock.RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECTAt a recent (meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A M,. tbe following resolutions of respect to thememory of Brother Joseph Plu minerwere reported and adopted:"WHEREAS, The Grand Masteron High has severed the earthly testo the Craft of our brother Mason,Joseph Plummer, be it"-RESOLVED, That we submit tothis bereavement with that obedience due our Creator; and that weshare with the community the lossof so good a friend, with the faithfulworker, ith Masons so beloved abrother and with his family thehope of a glorious rfsurrection. Beit further"RESOLVED, That a copy of thuresolution be spread upon'our minutes, a copy mailed to his familyand copies sent the county papers Jlor puDiicauon."'CARLTON BALL."JAMES MDLLER,"F. E. PETERSON,"Committee "Last week Millersburg experienced a carnival .f deaths. LastFriday night Mr. Caleb W. Corrinston, Mr. Joseph Plujmmer and MissLaura C. Jefferson lay in the comembrace of death, at the same time.Mr. Sorrmgton had been in failinghealth for some time, but his condition was not thought to be serious. Recently he suffered severalseveral attacks, which was thoughtby his friends to be acute indigestion. Thuisdcy morning his condition was alarming, and Dr. DavidBarrow, of Lexington was summoned, giving no encouragement.Later in the day Dr. Clarke, of Lexington, visited him, but he continued to gTow worse dying at 4:15 p.,m. Thursday, 'aged sixty-three. Mr.Corrington was one of the bestknown business men in Central Kentucky, having practically been engaged in the dry goods business allhis life. The remains were interredlin the Millersburg Cemetery at 3:00p. m., Saturday, after a short serviceat the grave by his pastor, Rev. F.P. Adams, of the Methodist church.Mr. Joseph Plummer. aged sixtytwo, died Friday afternoon, at St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, as theresult of an operation. Mr. Plummer had been confined to his homefor several weeks with what wqsupposed to be stomach trouble. Drs.Daugherty and Orr, of Paris weresummoned in consultation with hisattending physician, Dr. J. D. Calhoun. It was decided that an immediate operation for abdqminaltrouble was necessary. He was takento St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,Wednesday afternoon, where he underwent an operation Thursdaymorning, which was not a success,and owing to complications, was notcompleted. He grew rapidly worre,dying Fiiday afternoon His widowand seven children, five brothersand two sisters, survive him. Hewas a life-long member of the Methodist church and a laithful churchand Sunday School worker. He wasalso a member of Amity Lodge No.40, F. & A. M. The funeral tookplace Sunday at 2:30 p. m. fromthe Methodist chuich, sei vices byhis pastor, Rev. F. P.. Adams. Interment in Millersburg cemetery.Miss Laura C. Jefferson, agedsixty-nine, died Friday at 3:40 a. m.,(m Whaf Uou r '::':HRFl,You Can Have-And Keep-The AppealingQharm of a Youthful, Refined, Lovely FaceYou Can Make Your Personal Charm IrresistibleAwaken Admiration and Delight You Can Be Lovedand Desired and Have Your Own Self -Respect Becauseof Your Superior Personality.A Simple Discovery Yet a Marvelous OneHave you ever noticed a man andwoman dressed for a social function the man freshly shaved, hisface radiant -with a natural glow;the woman so often either overlybeautified or with a dull, lifelesscomplexion?The average weman nsHallyloeks older than a rem of the sameage. Why?A man's daily habit of shavingthoroughly cleanses the face themassage action strengthens themuscles, preserving the contourand youthful appearance. He follows this with creams and powder,which protect the skin.A I Dollar's UorthlreeDuring thi Special Sal we will give you the complete "VelvetinaComplexien Treatment" comprising four full sized, high class toilet goodsVelvetina Complexion Soap, 25c; Velvetina Massage Cream, 75c; VelvetinaVanishing Cream, 50c; Velvetina Face Powder, 50c, and the 'VelvetinaBook" Regular price everywhere $2.00, all for Only One Dollar. A wholeDollar's worth free. THIS OFFER ttOT GOOD AFTER. NOVEMBER 20.Sale Starts Tomorrow, Saturday, Nov. 13thafter a lingering illness of five yeais,of Hardening of the arteries. Abou'two weeks ago she v.enjt into rap'ddecline and continued to grow worseuntil the end. In the autumn or1915 her health "began to fail. Forseveral yeais her decline was slow,but gradual. During the greaterpart of her lorig illness she was acomfortable invalid, and until withintwo weeks prior to her. death shewas able to go about the house.Miss Jefferson was born in Maysville, and was the eldest daugnterof John Nelson and Mary JamesJefferson, her father being an attor-Jiey-at-law and representing Masoncounty in the General Assembly ofKentucky, when she was but 2A Remarkable Gift Offer Fr EveryThis is the whole secret. Thissimple discovery was responsiblefor the wonderful "Velvetina Complexion Treatment" for Women.Ten Minutes a Day IsThe Easy Price You PayIf you are willing to give a littletime each day to the proper care ofyour complexion you can makeyourself truly beautiful jou canhave the highest compliment paidto wflman, that of being wellgroomed.The aYelvetinaN Ejok" tells youhow.child. Her mother afterward marriI ed. For a nujmber of years Miss1 Jefferson resided at Mayslickr Masoncounty, with he mother, stepfatherand younger children. On March 1,18S9, she moved with her motherand half-brother, Mr. R. M. Caldwfll. to Millersburg, wheie she hasFince r.2sid3d. She united with the' Presbyterian church when a littlegirl, and until her declining health.was engaged in church and Sundayschool woik in homes at Maysville,Mayslick and Millersburg. She issurvived by one half-brother, Mr.R. M. Caldwell, with whom she resided at tte time of her death. .Thefuneraf f-ervices were conductedSunday at 1:30 p. m., from her lateresidence on Trigg avenue by herpastor, Rev. W. W. Morton, of thePresbyterian church, assisted bvDr. C. C. Fisher, President of he M.C. Interment on the family lot inMayslick Cemliry.CASCARETSt -They Work, while you Sleep"You don't know whether you a'.j"coming or going." Y"ou are bilious,constipated! You foel headachey,full of cold, dizzj unstrung. Yourmeals don't fit breath is bad, skinsallow. Take Cascarets to-night foryour liver and bowel and wake upclear, energetic and cheerful. Nogriping- no inconvenievce. Childrenlove Cascarets, " too. 10, 25, 50c&nfs.CatarrhCatarrh is a local'disease greatly lafluenced by constitutional condition.HALL'S CATARRH MBDICINX is aTento and Blood Purifier. By oUeaeiaathe Meod aad boildhur ub tie aiteS,rSroVelvetlna Book FREE KartTfili 9B&SiC&yVHHWltk the "Velvetina IcBwwffijHBjl W PlfTT V)7 IflHHComplexion Treatment" MBIB8MHy mz3 J&C tngBBThis WonderfulBook tells you howto spend a fewminutes a day amihave the appealingrliarni of a youthful, refined, loelyface.The VelvetinaComplexion TreatTnent comprises apure facial soap, anourishing massagecream, a soothinj:protecting cream, awonderful powder,and the VelvetinaBook all completeIn one package.BROOKSMAINSHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINESSAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALUE PACKAGESPASTES AND LIQUIDS SJshcU? "THE F. F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD.. BUFFALO. N. Y.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in 'Central Kentucky. No ifftfttaNo commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAYCumberland Phon 71Jnnel3eixfleixaix&sxasx:-:ssxGEO. W. DAVIS. rUNCRAL DIRECTOR--.V.,1 Motor CqulpfTMfCWoman;N,3'&16PHWLmtBtwilM tm. 9mimt A& SNAPPSTREETewf"T-J& THOMAS CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY- 3ii.'.aBAiOA- S. Best& Co.juuftfMpaiawceoaaitioMi ana aimanapa" aPWH PHOiflw eMY UTV"IrsrfacwWSMnmmaKri r&JJ? - ,'-i. zr . -, r Jl.&7- 'ST S l "i- -;rl?I & s. . UP. - -S&.SL $mMl . Xn:!- ..t'f.r0: jssv-jtMmtOWt90ttK0tfr'IWiewi33"i3fc?;" i fWBKNUBmm'TS, G-'iaL-Ji.' if--jf3L.5r?&. .flag1 -, ,r. z&iscqr& -gg-- w , -vx .- -y. gyavTEv. .: .V.-v'.rm--i: ' .1A;- v -maammaassmaesmmMri'iiiijjj(iLJ!f Ji'L't ,mmMATRIMONIAL..' rocmi Is in ike oy of LoWry 'v Miyt In tfcis pity, as a tfsner. 'MCHERRY SMITH.The jii.arrtage of Mr. Henry ClayKathrynSmith and MissVimontA msmnw lirftnse wris issued P.horrv hnrh nf this citv. took olaCO"fl&eot the office of County Olerk at the tome of the bride's mother,.Pearce Paton to Earl Garretson, 21.md: Miss Lucille Tucker, ltf, both of; Bourbon county. Miss Tucker's father was present, and gave his con-pent..OOT,-,-, tt-i i "ts. jf' .' . j ,d-- , - - .V " VRaa Vi'i'.'1Tne AxraiQ-ijougt?' ui vu.u ;"";of Kentucky will convene in Lesfington, next Tuesday, November 16.;At this meeting the committee forsecuring the pledges' for maintainingthe Orphan Home at Lexington, willmake their report. Bourbon Lodge,up to the present time shows thelargest percentage of members giving pledges, and were are oniy a'sjmall number who have failed tocipn Thfi r.ommittee reauests all;-. ( '', tV t?l -'XliM . '. . V t '. 'i-' ! ' ' , ' .1 .-. . 1BBHggSWWPflWPMrs. W. W. Cherry, on Vine street.Wednesday evening at eight o'clock.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, officiated.Only immediate relatives and a fewiintimate inenas were present iu witFriends and relatives in Paris ness the ceremony. .. . t signed to do sohave received the following an-i The bride was beautifully -attired "l BO thev can renort a announcement cards: in a dark blue suit witn nat ana"Mr. and Mrs. Lee Barbour an- gloves to match. After a short honnounce the marriage of their daugh jeymoon visit to friends and relativester, Elizabeth Randolph, to Mr. Wal- in Illinois and in Louisville. Mr. andfer Gibbs Cfcapjma.ii, on Saturday, t Mis. Smith will return to Paris and"November the sixth .'nineteen hun- m reside at 1033 Vine street.,dred and twenty." "At Home, 12 S7South Second street, Louisville,JCy."WAGNER McFARLANDBROOKSLINK. .Mr. Robert Link, Jr., and bride.tif Providence, Rhode Island, are inParis, where they will spend a partof their honeymoon as guest at the. Charlton McFarland, 27, tinner. horae 0f relatives of -he groom, whoand Miss Pulcie Wagner, 23, both or formerir resided here.Paris, were granted a license. in thai Mr and Mrs jXvk. jvere married2, at five o'clock poffice- of the Fayette County oier, j Kovemberat Lexington, Tuesday. They were m in tte church of the Transfiguramarried later by Magistrate Edward tinn in providence. the pastor, Rev.J. Miner, in his private office. Tbe Fafher Eawar(is officiating. Only(members of the immediate familywere present to witness tue cerniony. After the ceremony r-ir. amMrs. Lirk were tendered a weaaingUupper and reception at the HotelDrefyus leaving the .next morningfor the East. They spent some timeavw w in tnjaw York. .f-nuaaeiTJmu, anui Li . i Wr RbiTisrton Citv. coming to ParisW - W - m m w m i i. - n --How Aboutom v n rne iUUI Ujvo.Can You Read with EaseEyhundred per cent, total. You cantelephone Mayor E. B. January tneamount you want to pledge beforenext Monday, November 15.oThe high cost of fuel has Jed Japanto develop immense water power.nBBBgggcgnBBggag W u l i . aacgaopMMg-- .-. -.av LJ , BBg.H.To Our Patrons ItissaFor SaleA 1916 "Lirfit Four" Studebalcertouring car. This car has new tires. Inew battery and is in good shapemechanically.Price $350, is sold at once.GIBSON MOTOR CO.Both 'Phone 294, at Citizens' Garage.(It)i v&?t$&&Sir .1 ., W r-A i--S.0thiS?'Do you need glasses?Do your old ones needchanging?If so, consult our 'EyeSpecialist.All work guaranteed.TnesdavMrs. Link is a charming youngwoman, the daughter of Mr. andMrs. Charles F. Brooks, prominentresidents of Providence. Mr. Lirifcis a son of Mr. and Mrs. RobertLink, Sr., of Paris, and a brother ofChief of Police Link. He has been aresident of Providence for severalyears, going there as manager forthe Winchester Anms Co., and laterbeing made manager of the AutoSupplies Co., of that city. Mr. andMrs. Link wi?l remain in Kentuckyabout a month, returning to theirNorthern home sometime in January.oREADJUSTMENT SALECome early and get choice of selections o dry goods, notions, shoea,during our Readjustment Sale, beginning Nov. 9.(9-2t) B. M. TUNE.For RentI have for rent box stalls forhorses, mules or cows.R. ,D. VANZANT,Cor. Second and Main Streets.Cumb. Phone 91a.(12-lt) 'WantedVARDEN & SONPAY AND SAVE INTEREST.Payment on the new streetson Pleasant street is now duefrom orooertv owners abut-I tine thereon: and should bePrescription Druggists settled promptly to avoid accumulating interest.THE REXALL STORE. C. K. THOMAS.. I v-ny v-uiiciaui.raris, ry.Both Phones(oct26-tf)Reliable (man to sell guaranteedroof and barn paints to tobaccjfarmers on local warehouse floorsthis winter. Keep indoors. Makebig profits. Write at once.RODES PRODUCTS CO.,(noyl2-tf) Burgin, Ky.For RentFlat of 5 rooms with all modernconveniences. Close in. Apply toMITCHELL, MORELAND &MITCHELL,617 Main Street Paris, Ky.(12-2t)PostedPositively jio more hunt' ng, trapping or trespassing will b9 permitted on any land belonging, to Mrs.Sallie B. Hedges. Violators will beprosecuted.(14-4t) W. A. GRIMES.TO THE PUBLIC IN GENERAL AND ESPECIALLYOUR PATRONS OF LONG STANDINGWhen merchandise the country is on the declinethe country over is on the decline we have always metthe emergency.Every pair of shoes in our stock has been reducedto the present readjusting of to-day. We guaranteeour prices as low as any, consistent with present pricesof first class merchandise. We have such popularbrands as ,THE BOSTONIANSJ. & K. SHOES FOR LADIESas well as many other popular and standard brandsfor ladies, men and children.:; ONE SPECIAL LOT ODDS AND ENDSIN LADIES' SHOES GOES ATONE-THIRD FORMER COSTFELD'S SHOE STOREREADJUSTMENT SALOf Our Entire Stock Of Men's And Women's Fall Shoese?SHITo meet the public demand for Cheaper Shoes we have decided to make big Reductions inour Fall and Winter Shoes for Men and Women.In the past few weeks there has been a drop in the leather market, and, while our stockwas bought at the prevailing high prices, we are willing to to sacrifice our profits to give youCheaper Shoes.You cheerfully paid the price while they were going up and we think you are entitled to anyreductions which may occur.The small margin of profit we are taking will not allow us to make any changes so this salewill be for CASH ONLY.Stacy Adams Shoes$20.00 ValuesREADJUSTMENT PRICE$16.00Womens Shoes in Tan andBlack English,John Kelly's $17.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$15.50Harvard & Foster, Men'sSewed Shoes $16.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$13.00Womens Tan and BrownEnglish $15.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$12.50All $15.00 ShoesREADJUSTMENT PRICE$12.50Men's Tan EnglishFormerly $13.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$11.00All $14.00 ShoesREADJUSTMENT PRICE$12.00Women's Tan EnglishShoes $12.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$10.00All $12.00 ShoesREADJUSTMENT PRIC$10.00Men's HeavyWork ShoesReducedAccordingly..BUY NOW SO YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED, IF YOU CAN'T BE FITTED,HARRY LINVILLEPARIS, KENlrUGKY4 ,iii r ..T-v. .r... . ,-- .,"...- 'f y -' - " - ifV v.ftv15.tIf- ft( iiNK'.f?-'.' .l..w V " ' W. 'iZZ- j- A. . "-?.'mms'""''' .-&?&.t- iM: J A . 51: Jf : -A V. .' I -;viB mi- . '- ', v " ' '"-' :; ' :- ,P4Vtvtgr4r3ei,WknVV..xrr'slL J-Ijsa?- ' m TW?gewi V.9. ii.VAJ9IBCM-S W I . t - . V -CfflSwrSBfa'A- - -- - - -" .FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEBOYS' KNEE PANTS SUITSAT A PRICE.Price & Co. are offering Boys'Suits at wholesale prices. Calland see for yourself.SORGHUM, SORGHUMIf you want a quantity of sorghumtee us. None better.(1) C. P. COOK & CO.PELD'S PALL FOOTWEAR FORFASHIONABLE FOLKS SEEWINDOW DISPLAYFeld's fall shoes for men, .womenand children please-, the purchaser.They are stylish and wear most satisfactorily. Take a look in the windows. (5oct-t)oOYSTER 'SUPPER BY LODGEImperial Encampment, Odd Fellows and the local Rebekah Lodge,will jointly entertain with an oysUr supper in the Odd Fellows' lodgeioom, on Saturday night November 20.e -.SALE OF EDIBLESThe Ladies' Aid Society rf theLittle Eock Christian church, willconduct a sale of edibles in, the officeof the Paris Realty Co., on Mainstreet, to-morrow, beginning a10:30 o'clock, a. m.IN NEW POSITIONSMiss Thelma Thomas, recentlyclerk in the Western Union telegraph office, succeeds Miss SadieTaller as office assistaut with thereal estate firm of Harris, Speakes& Harris. Miss Fuller is now withthe Power Giocery Co. as publicitydirector. Miss Mamie Hutchison,lately with the Cumberland Telephone Co., succeeds -Miss Thomas inthe Western Union office.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.. Thomas, Woodford & BryanSLIGHTLY INJURED IN AUTO ACACCIDENT -While en route to her home on Mt.Airy Avenue, Tuesday afternoon, ina taxicab, Mrs. Charles Hukill sustained slight bruises and a severeshaking-up when the machine colliued with a telephone pole at the corner of 7Tt. Airy avenue and Houstonavenue.Mrs. Hukill had been slightly illin the afternoon and sent for a taxicab to take her home. In roundingthe corner near the Massie MemorialHospital, the driver miscalculatedthe distance, and the machire swerving, struck a telephone pole, throwing Mrs. Hukill forward, and bruising her face. She was not seriouslyinjured, but is confined to her homefrom the effects of "he shaking upshe received. The taxi escaped esrlous damage.oSPECIAI PRICES ON GUN SHELLSRepeater Shells, $1.10 box.Leadei Shells, $1.25 box.New Club Shells, 90c box.Special prices on all guns.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.oTHANKSGIVING TURKEYS.Wc are now receiving turkeys for the Thanksgivingmarket, and will receive up toand including Saturday, the1 3th. Bring your fat turkeysin to us this week and get topmarket price. nCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.nov9-2t)o-THER .P. CLENDENIN AGENCYTO PAY POLICIES TOTALING $21,000.rontw was insured in me wYork ' Life Insurance Companythrough the agency of R. P- Clendenin in his city for $10,000. having only made two payments on tnepolicy.Mr C. W. Corrington, of Alillershurg, who died recently, was instiled in the Northwestern Mutual LifeInsurance Company m Mr. Clendenin's agency for $5,000. .Drl S. F. Musselman, State Veterinarian, of Cynthiana who died verysuddenly, was insured for $4,000 inthis Agency.Mr, M. B. Lovell, of Texar. formerly of Bourbon county, was alsoinsured in the Northwestern agencyfor $2,000, and the claims will hepromptly paidSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comimfs and Goings of; OurJ People Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. May Stoner Clay is visiting Mrs Rose, in New York City.Mrs. Carrie Larue Woodford isat Martinsville, Indi.ma, for a twoweeks' sojourn.J. L. Horton, prominent farmer,is very ill of blood poisoning, at hishome near Paris.H. D. Collins, of Paris, is visiting friends in Maysville, and inHigginsport, Ohio.Mrs. William Kenney Fergusonwas a recent visitor to friends andrelatives in Georgetown.Mrs. Annabelle Wallace will behostess this afternoon with bridgeft her home on Twelfth street.Miss Tilhe Laue, of near Shawhan, is a guest of her niece, Mi&sCorilla Eberhardt, in Georgetown.Miss Charlina Ball was hostessrecently with a miscellaneous shower in honor of Mrs. Shirley Dalzell.Mrs. C. R. Miller is visiting heson, Rev. A. T. Miller, and grandson,A. T. Miller, Jr., in Nashville, Tenn.Mrs William Cooper and children have returned from a visit torelatives in Harrodsburg and Meiceicounty.Mro. Mary K. Rose is visitingher niece, Mis. Claude McKinley,and other relatives at Poindexter, iaHarrison county.Mr. and Mrs. Stanton Rummanshave moved into the Boardmanproperty, on Seventh street, recentlypurcnasoa by tnem.Miss Lelia Scoggan, of Louisville, is a guest at the home ofSquire und Mrs. John J. Redmon,"near North Middletown.Mrs W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington, was a sruest of Mrs. C. M. Clay.yesterday, at an afternoon tea at herhome, "Auveigne," near Paris.Rev. rnd Mrs. J. A. McClintockhave returned to their home in Richmond after a visit to friends and relatives in this city and county.Mrs Ida Hamilton Stoner hasreturned to her home near Mt. Sterling, after a visit to -!rs. Cassius MClay, a? "Amergne," near Paris.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, Mrs.John A. Lyle and Misses Katie andElizabeth Cay -are visiting in NewYork City, Philadelphia and Washington, D. C.Mrs. J. Miller Ward and MrsLaura Wiggins will go to Richmondto-morrow to be guests- of Mr. andMrs. Ovorton Harber, and Mrs. Harvey Chenualt.Mrs. Cordie McComas has returned tc her home in Brooklyn.New York, niter a visit to Mrs. W.T. Talbott and Mrs. Cordie Parker,on Main street.Miss Cairie Holliday 's visitingher sister, Mis. Edgar Valentine, inNew. York City. She will go laterto Pawtucket, R. I., to spend thewinter with relatives.Mrs Richard T. Anderson will-entertain at her home on Ashlandavenue, in. Lexington, this afternoon,with a luncheon, m honor of heiguest, Mrs. Edward Spears, of ParisMrs. Edward F. Prichard entertained Wednesday afternoon at herhome on East Seventh street, withafternoon bridge. She will enteitain this afternoon with the sameform of entertainment.Dr. C. C. Fisher, of M'llersbui?College, visited his old friend, Rev.J. J. Dickey, who was inaured recently Jl an automobile accident inMaysville. Dl Fisher was a guestof Rev. Welburn and family, whilein Maysville.Joseph Letcher, formerly ofParis, has arrived from Akron, Ohio,for a visit to his (mother, Mrs JohnMallory, on South Main street. Mr.Letcher was formerly on the repororial staff of the Kentuckian-Citizen, and later a member of the L& N. clerical force.Attorney Leslie Wortbington, adistinguished member of the Masopbar,, is attending the sessions ofBourbon Circuit Court, and is a guesrof his sister, Mrs. Wm. Remington,and Mr. Remington, at their homeon West Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Claypool, o?Danville, were visitors in Paris,Wednesday. They were en routehome from Blue Lick Springs, wherethey attended the funeral of Mrs.Mary A. Craig, Mrs. Claypool'grandmother.John Roseberry and- daughtei,Miss Carolyn, have meved to thoAfvall residence at the corner c-r -u tm...w,,. wrhrt Hiri r- mro? ta Tp.ipwmth streets, whichnfi . l?ct r- ill ill iiiti .v &vs v.--. -. I in n.1 .A. UrjilA .-i-v w.-rii . jv-i.-tj-'i-i .---.-. r . i . .' f -toRELIGIOUS.Rev. Thcdore S. Spaylic, pasterof the Faris Presbyterian church,will preach in the ClintonvUle Presbyterian church, Sunday afternoon,at three o'clock. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attend thisservice.The annual offering for HomeMissions will be taken on November28 by the Bible School of the ParisChristian church. The goal is $300,apportioned ajmong the variousclasses of the Sunday school, on thesame basis as taken last June.' The annual meeting of the General Association of Kentucky Baptists will be held at Owensboro,Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.The opening sermon will be freachecby Rev. J. T. McGlotain. Nearly allthe Bapiist ministers in the Stateand a large number of laymen willbe in atiendance. The Bourbon courty churchps will send delegates.Christian Church Calendar -SundayBible School, 9:30 a. m.,Morning Worship, 10:45 a. m,, Mission Band, 2.30 p. m , ChristianEndevor. 6:30 p. m., Evening Worship, 7:30 p. m. Monday MaleOnonis. 7:00 p. m., Tuesday ChoirPractice. 7' 30 p. m. WednesdayPrayer Meeting, 7:30 p. m. FridayChoir Practire, 7:00 p. m.A special musical prograpn willbe given at the Presbyterian churchSunday evening by the quartec composed of Mr. Robert Harbison, Mr.Charles B. Mitchell. Mrs. Mac'oWhite Fithian and Miss Flora HillProgram was handed THE, NEWStoo late for publication. Rev. T. S.Smylie will preach at the morninprservice on thi subject: "The sourceof Refreshment," and at night oi"An Early Decision, A Life Beneficiary." At a meeting of the YoungMen's Religious Work Committeeand the Paris ministers, it was votedto start off the week of prayer witha men's meeting on Sunday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. The meetingwill be held in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium. During the week beginningMonday, November 15, services willbe held in the Y. M. C. A. gmynasium every evening from 7 to 7:30o'clock. Ministers of the Parischurche will sive short talks to meni at these services.' N,l,lg-M I 1IIW.IIIU.I1 I! I., I I IIHU I HaHII I I I. HljfrffgjMjMI Ininciren Hut CsiIaPGOOD SALEOF DTJBOC JEJUNIHOGS.NoticeAll p:-rsons indebted to the firm ofAllie Rowland and Forest Buchanandoing bjsiness at The Citizen's Garage or to either of them individuallj .are hereby notified to call on theundersigned receiver or his attorneys and settle such indebtednesswithout delay. Suits will be instituted on all claims considered collectable, which are not paid by the15th day of December. 1920.Done pursuant to order of Court,entered in the case of SimmonsHardware Comnany vs. Allie Rowland, etc., pending in the BourbonCircuit Court.H. W. MANN, Receiver,Hinton, Bradley & Bradley, ivtts.(novl2-19-2G)NoticeNotice is hereby given that allclaiims against the firm of AllieRowland and Forest Buchanan, domg business as The Citizen's Garage,or against either of them individually must be presented properlyproven as required by law to theundersigned receiver or to his attorneys prior to January 1, 1921.Done pursuant to order of Courtentered in the case of SimmonsHardware Company vs. Allie Rowland, etc., pending in the BourbonCircuit Court.H. W. MANN, Receiver,Hinton, Bradley & Bradley, Attyp.(novl2-19-26)Sixty head of fine registered Duroc Jersey hogs, belonging to Waiter S. Meng, and tc the nnm of Collins & Clayton, were diFposed or atpublic sale Tuesday, at the new salepavilion en the farm of Mr. Meng.near North Middletown. The nogwent under the hammer for an average of $68.50.The hogs were mostly six anatwelve months old, and were siredby such noted boars as FanniesOrion 2d, and O. C'S Lad, owned byBriigewav Farm, Orion Dixie Kinr,owned by the Collinwood Farm, andother great boara ol the JmMany bidders' rom three . States-ere prawrnt. Local farmers andbreeders "wre- active ia. the ifawl .. Mf ite atoek.tmv -RncohPrrv recentlV Tjuruiiiiscu.Mr! and Mrs. Myall have moved intotheir cottage on Eleventh street, adjoining their old home.Mrs John G. Redmon and Mrs.to v.nnr e-ntertainea lmuniutujWednesday at their home near Pariswith a miscellaneous snowtr innnr nf Mrs. Frank Sherly Dalzell.The hostesses were assisted in en-fnrtainins: by Misses Anna macYoung and Nellie Soper.Mr. and Mrs. u. u. wunc wt-mer residents of Paris, have returned to their home after a visit tofrends and relatives in thH city and,r t-Tipv RTiftnt several daysrpvisitine scenes with which they ,tv ere familiar and in making autotrips through the Bluegrass.-Mrs Harry Hancock and Mrs.Thos A. McDonald are m AsaeviiwNorth Carolina, where they are attending the sessions of the NationalDaughters of the Confederacy, addelegates from Richard Hawes Chapter P. of C of Paris. Before returning Mrs. Hancock will go toCleveland, Tenn., n .visit relatives.She will be joined there by Mr.Hancock, snd will return to Paris,Wfmef Rowland, Lee Deaverand George M. Frakes -have returned from Hugnton, OBajL",:yCanada, where they were employedJuring the summer on the Dig wheatand flax ra,nche of E. F. Spears &Sons, of Paris. Louis Margo en andJack Butler will remain until afterthe holidays. U. S. G. Pepper whowas a .wsident pianair of theranchettrln fh spring and suraTGoing down!Prices andtemperatureThere's acold snapahead anda soft snapfor men whowant fine suitsat low prices.$59.50 isthe new pricefor $75, $70and $65Suits.At! . ft 'Another Big Week of -;-PRICE SLAUGHTERINGOnly 7 More Weeks Until January 1stPrepare For ColdWeatherOne lot Elankets, size 66xS4$4.00 values, to go thisweek at . . $2.98Regular $7.50 Blankets, to gothis week nt $5,89Regular $10.00 Blankets, togo this t eek at $7.98Regular $12.50 Blankets, togo th-s week at $10.98Regular $15.00 Blankets, togo this week at $11.89Regulai $25.00 Blankets, togo this week at $19.98Skirt and Dress Specials Up to $30.00 values in Dresses, to go this week at $14.75Up -to $37.50 Dresses to gothis week at $19.75Up to $45.00 Dresses to gothis v eek at $24-75Up to $55.00 Dresses to gothict xtrPAlr r.t . Q17PUp to $15.00 Skirts to gc thisweek atUp to $20.00 Skirts to go thisweek at $12.507.VIOO-. t u$9.98oiiTiNr; riOTHBest quality obtainable, in solid colors and checks, 27 inches J jCe'.- -'.I'IACYhwide, to go this week at per yardfc?Coat SpecialsUp to $55.00 Ladiesto go this week at .Coats,$29.50Up to $R5 00 Ladies' Coats,1o go this week at $34.75Up to $85.00 Ladies' Coats.to go this week at $49.50Up to $22.50 Children's Coatst to go thJs week at $12.50Up to $27.50 Children's Coatsto gp this week at $15.00Up to ?35.00 Childien's Coatsto go this week at $19.50Underwear SpecialsOne lot Children's Unjon Suits fformerly sold for $1.00 SalePrice 79cOne lot Children's Union Suitsformerly sold for $1.25, SalePrice '. . -98cOne lot Children's Union Suitsformeily sold for $1.50, SalePrice $1.19$1.25 Ladies' Union Suits, togo this week" at : . 79c$1.50 Ladies' Union Suits, togo this week at 98cA complete stock of Munsing Underwear at greatly reduced prices.&HARRYMPARIS, KENTUCKYx-IiH 1WI SiltAlthough we are not justified by any price concessions we are receiving from the factories, for we are receiving practically none, yet we are overstocked and mustconvert our STOCK INTO CASH, CONSEQUENTLYwe are offering our ENTIRE STOCKIf it comesfrom D avis:irridlit;STARTLINGREDUCTIONSWe guarantee the prices we are making to be thebest you can find anywhere on Furniture, Rugs, WallPaper, Draperies, Talking Machines and all Housefurnishings, but they are forCASH ONLYFormer prices are marked in plain figures on allarticles. If you really want the best prices you will buyhere. We do not know how long these prices will lastfor as soon as our stock is reduced to the proper levelwe will withdraw the cash converting prices. fExtra Special On Wall PapervKfl .-HTHE J. T. fflNTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE M - fARIKENTOCKX ' . SIXTH AND MAMCoach-UiMfortaktac-: A.;o;j 't&B mtmm npw i -mIts'-NSW.W, TCn.bf.slyV"Vtvx;V'5iMltfrSZlf.T-V .v ?..-m.S" . . -4:6ft,Jr -Ji..."tr fjfj&cju?7-fln- ,tiJC.JfeliZlflWWt VTk Ml wm T& I,.imj ,. w .j , :t i. j ' i',;Jt'iz. 9-k cSW.:-5:&Td-clAiM- UpftUiAfnH3sf J22S.-"'. MlJ'.-,-Sr-tft.'&.v- 3v-a$'it,.'Vih-1?rftr!". - &."?:;ErJiff;rr4AZ.V,W'T "jionmg iiaiir liealtKgH "ByusingWiIdrootreguIarIy,Ikeep HS my scalp entirely free from the itching2 crust of dandruff, the cause of mostt: hair trouble. I owe my luxuriant hair r:E the envy of my friends to thisguaranteed dandruff remedy."S TOldroot Iilauid Shampoo or Wlldroct jj;- Shkmpoo Soa paused In connection withWildroot BaTonic. will hasten, the E. C treatment.IWIHPHOOTlg THB GUARANTEED HAIR TONICE For sale here mulct a H$z tnoncy-back Euarantce EBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.Paradox.Matherson surprised his friends atthe club one evening by rising to leavemuch earlier than usual. "Why thishaste?" said one of his friends. "Thenight is still young." "I know," repliedMatherson; "but I promised my wifeto be home byten-thirty tonight and ifI miss the last train I shall cotch it I" iSw Son Macte President.Mrs. Eliza Garfield was the firstwoman who ever saw her son inaugurated president of the United States.Washington's mother was living inFredericksburg, Va., when the fatherof his country was inaugurated, butshe did not witness the ceremony,which took place in New Yorfc-oASPIRIN ,Name "Bayer" on Genuine,Warning! Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tabletsyou are not getting genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians for twentyone years and proved safe by millions. Take Aspirin only as told iuthe Bayer package fGr Colds, Headache, Neuralgia Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache, Lumbago and forPain. Handy Tin boxes of twelveBayer Tablets of Aspirin cost fewcents.Druggists also sell larger packages.'iWsLONEREWARBAFTER 4 YEARS'QFSUFFERINGRead Mr. Justice's Statement."I have suffered for four yearsfrom rheumatism and constipation.Not long ago I saw an ad. in the paper witii a free coupon attached. Iclipped it out and got a free bottleof RE-CU-MA. I took it accordingto directions and about the fourthday my rheumatism left me. I hadalso suffered from constipationwhich was relieved. I have onlytaken one bottle, but I never feltbetter in my life than I do now."For years I have taken differentkinds of medicine, but I can honestly say that RE-CU-MA has doneme more good- than anything I haveever taken."I think RE-CU-MA should b.jrecommended to every sufferer fromrheumatism for I know it is whatthey .need to make them well. Iwant th's letter published so othersAspirin is the trade mark of Bayer will know that RE-CU-MA has doneManufacture of Monoacetinacidester for me. ana what it will do forof Salieylicacid. (adv)IhWKniiirciK'w-iwimmmiuiiMWilliam K. Haqan G- TonArchitects - Engineer.-"FIE..-T NATIONAL BANKPAEiy. KY.ilitllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllillllllllllWlCRUTCHER & STARKS-LOUISVILLE'' ' -POP and the KIDsleep with the windows wide openand get all the benefits of fresh airwithout being held because theyboth wear Crutcher & Starks9 Flannellette Pajamas.Boy'sTwo-piece One-piece$2.25 $2.50j Men'sOne-piece Two-piece$2.75 up $3.00 up(pCHERSllRKSFOURTH AND 0 JETTERSOGrcntifle ft.Burfon S SoftsBRANCH STORE-SEELBACH HOTELLouisville the Metropolis of Kentucky(me, ana w-hat it will ao lor tnem.I never expect to be without RF-CU-MAagain.'(Signed) J. S. JUSTICE,"Durham, N. C."RE-CU-MA is sold on a four daysguarantee by Brooks & Snapp andall good dug stores at ?1.?.0 andtax. (adv)$5,000 FIRE VISITS CITY OF AUGUSTA.A tobacco barn belonging to JohnW. Pookes, six miles west of Augusta, burned. Ten thousandpounds of tobacco, eight tons of hay,farming implements, buggies and anautomobile were destroyed.v ' Thpfire is believed to have besn causedby sparks from a railroad engine.Loss is estimated at $5,000. xoMore than a million patients passthrough the New York hospitalsevery year.Healing The SickNature The Only Wayj Millions to-day know how to preserve their health and live to a ripeold age. They use nature's only way.Bulgarian Blood TeaIT PUHIFIES THE BLOODIT GENTLY MOVES THE BOWELSIT SWEETENS THE STOMACHIT STARTS LIVER ACTIONIT FLUSHES THE KIDNEYSEvery thoughtful parr-nt willkeep a box of this Pure Herb Taaon hand as a first aid, remedy to killcolds and ward off 'Flu,' Grippe,Pneumonia and serious sickness.Sold everywhere by Druggists.(adv)HAVE COLOR IN CHEEKSBe Better Looking TakeOlive TabletsIf 3rour skin is yellow complexionpallid- tongue coated appetite pooryou have a bad taste in your moutha lazy, no-good feeling you shouldtake Olive Tablets.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets a substitute for calomel were prepared byDr. Edwards after 17 years of study.Dr.Edwards'OliveTabletsareapurelyvegetablecompoundmixedwitholiveoil.You will know them by their olive color.To have a clear, pink skin, bright eyes,no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likechildhood daysyoumustgetatthecause.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act onthe liver and bowels like calomel yethave no dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome constipation. Take one or two nightly andnote the pleasing results. Millions ofvboxes are sold annually at 15c and 30c.Odorless Gas HeaterOver 5,000 In UseIn LouisvilleThe proof of their superiorityeconomical gas consumption.See your Plumber or Hardwaredealer for the Genuine Lawson OdorlessHeater.The Sloce With"THE GLOWINGHEART"a cine' H'lV It's!lHiB to figure whyHHHHL Camels sell!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii9iiiiiiiaSiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiVuJHB . BLEND VM&You should know why Camelsare so unusual, so refreshing, sosatisfying, First, quality second,Camels expert blend of choice Turkishand choice Domestic tobaccos whichyoull certainly prefer to either kindsmoked straight !Camels blend makes possible thatwonderful mellow mildness yet all thedesirable body is there ! And, Camelsnever tire your taste!You'll appreciate Camels freedomfrom any unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant cigaretty odor I. For your own satisfaction compareCamels puff by puff with any cigarette in the world at any price ICamels are sold everywhere in adentxRcally sealed packages o20 cigarettes; or ten packages 200 cigarettes) in a glassine-paper-coverecarton. We strongly recommend this carton for the home or oScsupply or when you travel. 'R. J. REYNOLDS- TOBACCO CO., Winston-Sakm, NL C&This is a cordial invitationto women to visit our storewhile in Cincinnati. -Our displays of wearing- apparel for Fall andWinter are complete. 'Comprehensive showings of women's andmisses' outer apparel, millinery, shoes andaccessories.Highest type, of fashions at most -reasonableprices. - r . ihabley and (anew (aCINCINNATI'SC IGREATEST STORE. FOUNDEDNCINNATI, OHIO?-,mr ' -mi iI iiDiamond Dyes"Tell You Howi A Child can Follow Direction! I, tnd jjet Ptffcct Resuto.w'""' '"."" mi in...Each, package c$ "Dlainond Dves"contains directions so aimpl thAtanyworaan can diamond-dyel new,.Tich, fadeless color into, worn) snabbvgarments, draperies v corerings'"ioijrbon Feed Mfg.U D, MITCHELLSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellCo.HAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of theMines.jtw, a"5-t !"? wuon or BaixecKK , 'j ADiamond Dye" no otherrAuat are wirgr ayMb'J 3icrov5SISSWtv-". V" "jl j lMmrHS3k,Jf: tm jm&9Er -, . . . i-3r- . -- w-- -- "'fHi m- , -v ' : ' x ' " jf v - sa aw' -M ,lPIMl?r4HeirpterfrL'3Si -srBws 'ip sFRIDAT, KOVEMBER II. mJ"""" "VfjEXlWlftil IS HEItYOUS WOIBIEOjl rfaiabbh: tsou $tts XTNextViuonaay morn in p- ntiwmtwber 15, if you have rmhph ..J hunting license, you will bo percnii-u iu uoot rabbits. Hungarianpheasants, SDld to bfi nrnnnTOt.arapidly in this State, will not benarnieu within the law until theyear 1924, when it is belitved thatgame will be plentiful. The rabbitseason, now but a few davs nvMost women neglect their health, L Deing: eeny awaited by manytri for this thev oav the rnal . W"Y "u piaimilS " take the field: .if a- r ., . r 7'":with guns and dogs.AAny woman will find that neglectfoes not pay. A lit tie more attention to health would brighten up herge. If she aska her neighbors shefinds that Dr: Pierce's Favorite Prescription benefits a woman's wholesystem. It not only acts upon tietroubles and weaknesses peculiarto women, out is anaU-round tome .hirst Don't .Delay;. SecondTH BGtiateOH Imfe ISaaatr??--a---s--a- . r . . ,IT COSTS : ;" Xr- . I -?3- f-. : -sr?rBS1j--3 SC5TS. Vw - "' r s twb"j- ... , -t ' . . !v v lTOO MUCHTO BE SICKBIT OF ADVICEthat braces the entire body, overcoming nervousness, sleeplessness,headaches, dizziness and a rundown condition.All druggists. Liquid or tablet form.gend lOc.to Dr.Pierce's Invalids' Hotelin Buffalo, N. Y., for trial package.Athens, Tenw . I have beenailing with feminine troubles for 25years , andthought I wouldnever be well. Ihad five different doctors, andwas confined tomy bed at times.A friend told meto try a bottle ofDoctor Pierce'sFavorite Prescription, and Igot a bottle andtook it, and feltso much better that I have never beenwithout it since.1' Mrs. BeckeyCain, R. F. D. 4.Don't ExperimentIf you suffer from backache;headaches or dizzy spells: ir voirI rest pocrly end are languid in theuuuriung; u wie Kidney secretionsare irrgular and unnatural :n appearance, do not delay. In sucbcases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyprepared for kidney trouble. Thevare recommended by thousands.Can Paiis residents desire more convincing-proof of their effectivenessthan the statement 'f a Paris citizen who has used ihem and willingly testifies to their worth?Wm. w. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstieet, Parib, says: "Some yearsage I found it necessary to use akidney leriedy and as I had readabout Doan's Kidney Pills, Iused them. They proved to be. satisfactory and permanently rid me ofthe complaint. I have acood reasonto recommend DoanV. Kidney Pillsand advises their use to anyoneiroublod with a weak and lameback or irregular rnassaares of theWhat 1 Owe to My Parents."One good mother is worth a hundred schoolmasters." The truth of kidney secreations."this time-honored proverb Is borne outby the tributes which successful menpay to the influence of their motheraInoculation against cholera wasfirst practicedln India in 1893.INS NEARLYDOUBLED ME UPNothing Helped Me Until ITook Lydia E. PinkhamsVegetable Compound.For,Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the camothat Mr. Dudley had. Foster-Mil-burn Co-., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)Mieh.-theaaaYsw fal auf aajf9 53 Ksaal'- HONEY BACKJoj3? IIlast!without question if Hunt's Sal vfails in the treatment of Eczema,Tetter.Rmgworm.Itch etc Don'tbecome discouraged because other,treatments failed Hunt's Salrhas relieved hundreds of suchcases You can't lose on ourMoney Back Guarantee. Tryit at our risk TODAY. Price 75c.For sale locally by--- m3t6 &'For Sale byL, OBERDORFER.Druggist, Paris, Ky.wyanaotie, amen. ronfour years I have doctored- off and onwithout help. Ihave had painsevery month so badthat I would nearlydouble up. Sometimes I could not Jsweep a room without stopping to rest,and everything I ateupset my stomach.Three years agoI lost a childenn e ti -f? a a 3 arCbXXWft. 7 U. XX i A. XA. aJJ badlv that 1 was out i Don't Suffer Don't be Oneratedof my head at times. My bowek did !a ntil you have tried Dr. Waddell'snot move for days and I could not eat 1 Pile Remedy. Absolutely harmles. Guar-without suffering. The doctor could not j latarrl to give absolute aatiafaction orSRWaddell'sFile Remedyhelp me and one day I told my husbandthat 1 could not stana the pain anylonger and sent him to the drug-storeto get me a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkliam's Vegetable Compound and threwthe doctor's medicine away. Aftertalcing three bottles of Vegetable Compound and using two bottles of Lydia E.I'inkham's Sanative Wash I could domy own housework. If it had not beenfor you medicine I don't know where 1would be today and I am never withouta bottle of it in the house. You maypublish this if you like that it may helpBorne other woman." Mrs. M A b YStendee, 120 Orange St., Wyandotte,Mich. " ' 1Money refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourIf not write us.edicineSmffisOraVeXylBROOKS & SNTPP.Paris, KentuckyKOIAT LAST!Ford Enclosed CarsOn Time!:FORD SEDAN $379.38 bm( 12 MonthsFORDCOUPE$358.56You can't afford to pass this up,and it will only last a short while.Place your order NOW!RUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYKeep Your Blood in Good Conditionand You Throw Off DiseaseA1EY0TJ G0OW TO KAMtY? '-"" , j (We have rhe. mof exclusive in-iof samples of wedding invitations,announcements and iadividualChristmas cards now on display inthe State. Let us sell you. nowwhile you have time to- get thembefore the holiday rush of work begins. THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT, (tf)The average rise and fall of tfcatide at Panama is o-nly two feet.PAY ATTENTION TO YOUR ,HEALTHNoJeed to Take Chances With It.Pepto-Mangan Makes fiich,Red Blood.When you first fe?l a tired, allgone feeling and look pale, yourblood to lofing in quality. Weak,impoverished blood has no power tofigJit dease. It taks red blood tokeep you wellIf you keep your blord in goodcondition it will fight off disease.You wiJl not be fauch an easy preyto long and expensive sicknesses.With thin blood you take chancesevery day.There!s no need doing that. Youcan talie Peto-Mangan ind buildup rich, red blood. With red bloodyou are able to win in the figluagainst prevailing diseases. 'iryPepto-Mangan. It comes in tabletor liqu'd form. Take either kind.The tablet has the sapie .nedicinalvalue as the liquid. But be sureyou get the genuine Pepto-Mangan.ask ror "Quae's" and be sure thatthe name, "Gude's Pepto-Mangan,"is on the package. (adv)o-BETTERSIRES. BETTERSTOCK. -.LIVE-A better understanding of whatbetter sires would mean to the livestock industry of Kentucky can begamed by the following. Twopigs, one a scrub and the other bya registered boar, were weaned atthe same -age of eight weeks. Theywere kept in the same pen from thetime they were weaned until thevwere six months of age. These pig1?ate the same kind of feed oat of onecommon trough and at the end of sixmonths the scrub weighed 95pounds, while the other weighed200 pounds. Tbe condition and thequality of the pig from the registered boar nrade it worth more perpound than The scrub, not considering the 105 pounds difference inweight.GET MORE BUTTERMrs. Hat tie Meece, of Glenn, Missouri, says: "I was not anakms:enough buttei from my cow's milkproduction foi a family of two.After using Dr. LeGear's StockPowders a short time, she gave a.half gallon more milk a day, and apound : butter a day."Dr. LeGear's Stock Powders giveto milk cows just what is neededto keep the digestive organs inpropei condition, so that they getthe most possible good from theirfeed. Give equally wonderful results when used for horses, hosv,and sheep, because they are a tonic,appetizer and worm expeller.It matters not what ailment youmay have among your stock orpoultry, it will pay you to get thproper Dr. LeGear Remedy fromyour dealer. They are the Doctor'spersonal prescriptions, compoundedduring his 28 yearf of VeterinaryPractice and Expert Poultry Breeding. They must satisfy you, or yourdealer will refund your money., oBisons are the only horned cattlenative to America, and they havenever hf-en domesticated.A large area of wolf arm has beendiscovered m Northern .China.-J(rtAttention, Farmers !YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, slvenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco. WarehouseCumberland Phene 997Home Phone 257"r. -wvwmwwffnrvwvmirrrwwMrwwwHmninsGET YOUR SHAREOf These Furniture Values!Standing on our floors, waiting for your inspection, are hundreds of furniturevalues. In this stock you will find everything you desire to furnish the homefrom living room to kitchen, all pieces priced under to-day's market It is hardlynecessary for us to tell you that at the prices we are quoting this stock will movevery rapidly, yet we want you to get your share of this furniture. We are showing here prices on a few specimen values; they will give you an idea as to thevariety our offer includes. Make up your mind to drop in tomorrow and inspectit for yourself.This Davenport Table Queen Anne Dining Room SuiteHere is a beautiful davenporttable that will just fit yourliving room and it gives it anatmosphere of luxruy. Madeof mahogany with the two endpieces beautifully carved, areal value at the price w,equote.&$l aiEaaiartH h-c - ii IThere is no period suite more appropriate for the diningroom than the Queen Anne and this suite embodies atfthe beauty of that period. Consists of a buffet, table,china cabinet, server, one arm chair and five Mnr aplain chairs. Complete suite $ vUUThe Cream of Overstuffed SuitesThis Rocker Means aBeautiful HomeQp fS-3sb)3 gBtftBrroW-jUSi VBPoiPrfvW W WtiFREEThis is without doubt one of the haddsomest overstuffedsuites that we have been able to show you for some time.Look at the big cushioned arms, the soft luxurious backand the large roomy seat. There's no denying its comfort and at the price we quote is a rare bar- aqoa aagain. .Complete as shown $OZUUUMlfriTAsiiajPROVE at our risk that yon caneasily save one-third oo high priced feed,cut 10 to 80 days off tbe feeding: period andhave healthier bogs by feeding MELKOUNE.Aids DfgcsObu gSSSftattH!ized, modified Buttermilk. It is guaranteednot to contain any sulphuric acid or anythinginjurious to bogs or poultry. It helps tone-up the system, making hogs less subject todisease, practically insuring gains of 2 lbs. &head per day. 9 fUniversity Tested SffiKSSSof Dairy Husbandry at Missouri University,conducted a scientific test which showed thatH3LKOLINE fed hogs made a profit of 82.57more than those not fed Milkeline. W. H.Graham, Middletown. Mo said $80 worth ofMilkoMne made an extra profit of $420 in 60days. Lee Jackson, Wappingers Falls, N. Y.,say Milkoline is great for shoats and sews.Hilkoline 2c a Gal. ff-SSSKform, ajBd when fed as directed costs only 2c agallon. It is guaranteed not to spoil, rot; souror mould. Keeps indefinitely in any climate.Flies d not come near it. The prices are asfollows: f sal. $7.50; 10 gal. $12M; 15 gaL$16.50; 32 gaL $32.00; 65 gaL $49.50. mQA Ilejv Trlsl TryMflkolineat our risk3V Vay 11 leU for go days if not satisfied that it Is the best farm money maker andsaver yoa ever saw it costs you nothing. Simply send check or money order for any amounttoday, feed ene-half to poultry and hogs in a80 day test; then if net satisfied return unusedpartatourexpenseiand we'll immediately refund every cent you paid as. Yea are the solejudge, and have everything to gain and nothing to lose by making thie test. Our interesting and valuable booklet. "Hew Te HustleHeavy Hogs To Market" will be sent free enreanest your nssae eo card wiB do.Distributed by Hern don & G&nter,LouiiTiU. Kt. ' ' MThere is no better way to create an atmosphere of cheerand comfort on dark winterdays than by the use of reedfurniture. This rocker willput a dash , of color in yourliving-Toom, and as for comfort, just sit in it and be convinced. Can be had in ivoryor fumed finish covered withcretonne.irEvery Woman Should,Have a Cedar ChestA Charming Chair and RockerThis cedar chest is certainly abeauty. Made of selected Tennessee red cedar in beautifulgrains, highly polished andbound with bands of copper.Will prevent destruction andkeep clothes in perfect condition. Has patented construction that insures a lifetime ofservice in your home $36.005 "ii u.TBaaaaataaaaaai aaaaaaaaaaaavk "((&' ii rnaaaaaaaaaaal aaaaaaaaaaaaaa 'vLsmaaaaMi Hu n aaaF)aaaaaaB aaaaaaaaaaaT a) YiaaaVsjBtxj-ij. sfra aaaaaaM i jyi iy yaaaeaaaaaiirfiSi Vjjaaaaa aaaawtrtf PyaaaMaaaaMi pKi ) if vH aaaaanT t f iisP$5i afaaaaTaa a 1 1. fl y&GzJSi. aas aaT I aaaa Jut aaaa I 1 if 11 aaH aV rir l iRfTaBiiwf u i '"' ill jm 1 7wwxiJi Ktm3There is both grace and dignity in this cane back chairand rocker. They are designed after the Queen Anneperiod. The backs are woven of cane and the seats upholstered in a fine grade velour: Can be had in Ameri-can Walnut or mahogany-finish, Real values." sA f . WHEELER & CO.Main nd Third. Street CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. . Opposite C.irt Hornso1 -jj.-vr. a'Ljt -- ! IV,Vi4 -xa' v. ,-I- -s "V-9Ik!W-4f'$tKVXrf4 -t$:- y"-z..rvh& -"J Ai m.'ii,-r J.. t J-V-JPaL&'4fci-fY4eeefe)ae)aeeaaaisisiseesseessenorS-lyf-OPV.y-Vi'1 -J jfV' fV"? ' irs.Z"S"-ry-rvK:j.A , C xJksSijf.4 . - "Jirff iV3Sar -ir,$ yjLifitrio. -J&hIL-awr.--.i. ji. . 'tfRSSfe JSi. t" It - I S."rTEiMst iTr"r ' i r- tbitisi in a rrmr mr irrm t t w-rvSts V-'llllllllll i. t ier"& tSP-.i.---DEATHS.:V-.""" TOT '- s tTiMclmrcliA tfhe will-kearersT. J. Weathers, oe, WeathersSam Weathers, Clark Barnett, EarlShropshire, and Thorirwell Tadlock.HOLDER.William Holder, aged seventy-i former resident of thn NorthMMdletown vicinity, died Mondaymt 1-Jne Massie ,Mejmorial Hospital, intii city;, where he had been a patteat for soire time, suffering: fromIjeart trouble.The body was prepared for burialmd taken to North Middletown.Ikdre the interment took place Inibe North Middletown Cemetery.Wednesday. Services were conducted at the grave by Rev. Frank M.Tnm4er pastor of the North Mid- j"Uletown Christian church.CUMMINS.-Following a long illness, Mr.Pleas P. Cummins, aged eigaty-one,a well-known and prominent retired .farmer of the Leesburg vicinity, diedat his home near that place, Wed- jnesdav afternoon. Mr. Cummins hadbeen actively engaged in farming fotmany years, and had been especiallyactive in that pursuit until a fe;weeks ago. ,Mr. Cunrmins was a son of thelate Benjamin and Betsey LillyCummins, pioneer resident's of theJacksonville vicinity, who precededhim to the grave many years ago.a ' ' ' fa 'BBOUJtBON WBSm, PASHs ggOTy QKT . v tripat, mmmm mmjl V, THEATRE l imANDm -mWERA HOUSED M I2:00 to 5:30 7:00 to 1 0:30iSPEARS.A telegrapn was received hcr-i"Te6day night, telling of the deathia. Chattanooga. Term., of Miss Idalis. a former resident of Paris. Conducted by Rev. J. R. Jones.He was a relative or Mrs. j-azzitsWalker, of Paris. His widow, Mrs.Mattie Cummins survives himThe funeral will be held in theLeesbure Christian church at onto'clock, 'his afternoon, with service,TneTfec telegram gave no particulars. iutenment wiU follow on the familyTfee body will be brought to Parisfer burial, the funeral takmg placeq.1 10:30 o'clock this morn:ng, with-services conducted at the grave inike Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.EHIs, pestor of the Paris Christiau'Church. ,Miss Spears was thf eldest daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs Wm. F.'Spears, who resided on Alt. Airyvavenue, in this city, many years aRO.;?Sfee liad for several years been a resident of ChattanoogaCLARK.-Mrs. Lillie B. Clark, aged sixty--'Ive. wife of Mr. Williajm. H. Clark.ded at Tier home on South Mauistreet, in this city, Wednesday after-tkkwi, after a long illness.Mrs. Clark was a daughter of thelate J. T. Weathers, of near Cliniaavflle Besides her husband, sheis survived by the following chii-dren: John F. Clark, Lexington;Misses Hatti Clark. Lei;a Clark,Mary E. Clark, all of Paris; Robert-J. Clark, of Detroit, Mich.; one sic4r, Mrs. X.etcher Weathers, of near3LintonYille, and one brother, Edward P. Weathers, of Fayettefronty.The funersl will be held at ton"o'clock, this morning, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Clin-tonville -Cemetery, by Rev. Arthur, JFox, pastor of the Paris Baptistlot in the Paris Cemetery. The pallbearers will be Charles Paul, KayPaul. Harry Chinn, Jos.. Anderson,ScoU Andersen, Jos. Boswell.ADAIR.Following a brier illness, due toa complication of diseases, Mrs.Belle Dodson Adair, aged eightyone, died at her home on the Parisand Lexington joad, at an earlyhour Tuesday morning. Mrs Adahhad been in bad health for sometime, and her death was not unexpected. Mis. Adair was a native of Mason county, where she was born in1839. She was the widow of Robt.F. Adair, who preceded her to thegrave fourteen years ago, and was adaughter of the late Mr. and Mr.George Dodson, of Mason county.She was a woman of fine Christiancharacter, one who was universallyesteemed.Mrs. Adair is survived by sixchildren: Mrs. Nertie Dejamett,Mrs, Lawrence Horton, Mrs. JohnTowles, Mis. Ollie C. Hedges andRobert Adair, all of near Paris; Jas.C. Adair, of Mason county; and onebrother, Omar Dodson, of Maysville.The funeral was held yesterdayafterr-oon at two o'clock, with cervices conducted at the family residence by Rev. T. S. Smiley, ot theParis Presbyterian church, assistedTO-DAY, FRIDAY"Trumpet Island"A Tom Terriss production from thestory by Gouverneur Morris. The tremendous Vitagraph seven-reel photoplay thathas everything, and "it's different fromall other films."Also ANTONIO MORENOin "THE VEILED MYSTERY"A Serial of Countless Surprises and Thrills.And a Pollard Comedy"A REGULAR PAL"Tomorrow, Saturday"THE THIRTIETHPIECE OF SILVER"WITH MARGARITA FISHERSupported by Kins Baggott and ForestStanley.He wooed her on tennis and golf links,in cafe and ball room. -He honeymooned her abroad inChina, Japan, Egypt and India.He brought her back to New York andsettled her in a luxurious home.Then he said DON'T! and settleddown to enjoy i4The Thirtieth Piece ofSilver.HE DIDN'T-BUT YOU WILL.Alice Howell Comedy, "Her Lucky Days"Monday 9 Nov. 1 5thOLIVE TELLINiiThe Wings of Pride"Adapted from the novel by LouiseKennedy Mabie.ALSOTHE MALL ROOM BOYSIN"The Misfortune Hunters"and Pathe NewsAdmission: chudLianduLLSJiVcteV.. Gregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and Eveningby Rev. William Durham, of Ft.Thomas, Ky. The interpnent foiiow-tfd on the family lot in the ParisCemetery. The pal-bearers wereRobert C. Talbott, Harry Dailey,William Epperson, Ross Owens, A.Fercy Adair, Sidney S. Ardery, Sr.,Dr. J. M. Williams, Dr. George L.Rankin.BIRTHS.lllllllHllHHl4ilMij...Ji.;.;.,..;.4.s...4a8tnMLOVELL.33M.'B. Lovell, aged Hxty-nine, aformer resident of Bourbon county,died early Tuesday piiorning at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. WilliamSchick, in Beaumont, Texas, after ;ishort illness.Mr. Lovell, during his residencein this county, was engaged in farming and for many years conducteda successful" dairy business. He retired from the business some yeaisago, and aftei a period of rest, wentto Beaumont, Texas, where he resided with his children until thetime of his death. He was a cleverand well-liked man, of the highestbusiness integrity, and a prominent(member of Bourbon Lodge Odd Fellows. Mr. Lovell is survived by e.'gluchildren: A. B. Lovell, of Paris;Garland Lovell,, of Clark county;Herbert Lovell, Mrs. James BatterIon, of Lexiiigton; Mrs. WilliamSchick, Ms Tliomas Scheeltr andHoward Lovell, of Beaumont, Texas.The body was brought to Paris andtaken to the home of his son, A. B.Lovell, -n West Eighth street. Tr-efuneral was held yesterday afternoon at 2-30 o'clock, witlK servicesconducted at the Lovell home byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The intermentfollowed on the family lot in theParis Cemetery. The commitmentservices at the grave were in chargeof Bourbon Lodg;e Odd Fellows. Thepall-bearers were: W. C. Dodson.A. L. Burley, Geo. B. Minter, E. B.January, A. L Slicer, Geo M. Rose,Charles W. Fothergill and Chas. N.FithianoNEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.In this city, to the wife of PaulBrannon, of the Louisville & Nashville clerical force, a son, christenedLawrence Bernard Brannon. MrsBrannon sas before her marriageMiss Irene Parker,. 01 Paris.THANKSGIVING DINNERNORTH MIDDLETOWNATTne Mothers' Club of North Middletown are planning one of theircelebrated Thanksgiving dinneis.All the delicacies of the season delightfully cooked will be served, between twelve, noon, and threeo'cock, p. m. One dollar per platewill be charged. The committee incharge will be Mrs. Magnus Rasb,Mrs. James O. Evans and Mrs. Horace Bocan. The women of the NorthMiddletown precinct are justly fajmous for the quality of their hospitality, and the dinner to be server!Thanksgiving Day will be fully upto the standard of those served inpast.oTOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)TheAero-GasWonder Gas!Neutralizes Carbon DepositsGive You Increased Mileage-MorePower, Less CarbonPositively GuaranteedQuart Can $2.00 Pint Can $1.00T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEti&simifTmliisaiiitiMilimSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work: Right PricesvKJSmackinWinterOvercoatsFor days when extra warmth and snugprotection is necessary.Get the Jew Proce&s gas stoves todo 3Tour heating. They will saveyour gas bill.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.o iCITY TAXES DUE. PAY UPNOW!The city tax lists have beenturned over to me for collection. Your taxes are now dueland payable. Call and settlesame promptly at my office atthe Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company. -C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(octl-tf)JL Xjll-ZTSuRealShown in the best domestic and foreignfabrics and they're full of the amount ofstyle and "pep" you want, but not overdone.If you want an overcoat whose distinctionwill be recognized anywhere,, buy aSINCERITYw ,OVERCOATT.NI''Every yoar many farmeis storeveget abh-s in the ground. A nevmethod of handling this is to takean ordinary barrel, lay it down onits sides, leave one end open. Thisbarrel cn be covered with alternating layers of straw and dirt so nsto prevent the vegetables from freezing. The barrel can then be filledwith vegetables and all the dirt andstraw will be kept away from thepnthroughout the season. Anotherpoint in favor of this barrel systemis that several different kinds of vegetables can be placed in the samebarrel. After the barrel has been'filled the head, which should be lcone piece, is -properly fastened and, the barrel covered with dirt. When' it becomes necessary tc open thispit, remove the dirt from the, headr-nd take out what vegetables needed. Place the head back in posi-, lion and put the dirt back in plactVThe vegtablefc.wjll keep welMn this.manner and they will beHfrfrortdiit' aid alo4t Ik not ucaary J:ommtrtT lit ' ntim, nit . in order 'toH. M. COLLINS & CO.Tfcc Store Witk a Consciencep ""TAXPAYERS NOTICE.To avoid errors and misunderstandings we will not paytaxes for our customers unlessspecially instructed to do so.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK,FIRST NATIONAL BANK,BOURBON - AGRICULTURALBANK & TRUST CO.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(nov2-f)oKEW IDEA FOR STORING VEGETABLES.SHOE VALUESreValues That Really Mean Big Money Saving is the magnetthat brings the people to this Economy Store for theirShoe needs.Come Here This WeekFor your needs for Fall Footwear. You will findhere footwear of first quality footwear that isright as to style, workmanship and wearing qualitiesand a 'y J9mnSSm MUiBig Saving in Price!Ladies' $8.00 Value Dark Brown EnglishLace Boots, also in black kid leather.Sale Price $5.95Ladies' Newest Style Tan and Black KidBoots, high and low heels, $8.00 values.Special at $5.S5VLadies' $6.00 Tan English Lace Boots.On Sale at $3.99Ladies' $6.50 Gun Metal English Boots.Sale Price $4.00Men's $6.00 Gun Metal Dress Shoes.Special at $3.99Men's $7.00 Goodyear Welt Shoes.On Sale at $4.95Boys' and Girls' School ShoesAt a Big SavingMisses $3.50 Lace BootsSpecial at $2.49Misses' and Children's $4.00 Boots.Special at $2.99Boys' and Youths' $5.00 Schoo Shoes. rSpecial at $3.49It Pays to Buy Here.We Sell Good Shoes For LessPrices. rDAN COHEN$atfs' .Greatest Shoe Store ,. : yWhere Beautyjond Eccskpy1wmmBBms9mme!mmm' ?w pwnK'.wpwwf, 1 1 nn msqsmm.fyffmfiwwyy wjtBB$Vm,s .; jtia.,'iL . &jft .r?:?s2r, ? ?:.,IS.MsWMjlSi. lit .i . Ti,tH?rI L -4 SAljN tJf-j.8frim. ii.' :FiWiaiJi .;s,5J3-reajfcAkc.'' y!rif.i,rt 2gjjjwHssBHHj!33B3BE53Piiyivjsi