"mf -&THE-.NEWS4T- -' VI''PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 192GBOURBONiBURLEY CONVENTION OPPOSESTOBACCO CTJT-OTJTThe Burley Tobacco Growers' Association -was born; a proposal toeliminate the 1921 crop defeated bya margin of five votes, each countylepreseiued by an authorized delegation having one vote, and stepstaken toward a reduction of tobacco acreage in Kentucky, Indianaand Ohio, within a period of threshours in the general convention ofburley planters, held in Lexington,"Wednesday. One hundred and seventy-sixdelegates from thirty-ninecounties and three States were present. Perfection of the organization ofthe Glowers' AssociaHon will berurhed in order that it will be readyto take control of the situation,which "uas declared to be "the mostserious in history to the tobaccogrowers,' by the time the loose leafmarket season opens. A general organization committee was appointedand approved in the convention.Its (members are:John W. Newman, Woodfordcounty, chairman.E. M. Mansfield, Carroll county,sccretaiy.Victor Bradley, Scott county.0. C. Chapman, Clermont county,Ohio.David Prewitt, Clark county.Martin L. Harris, Dearborncounty, Indiana.T. B. Hill, Montgomery county.The counties -not represented atthe meeting, and which are thisseason producing burley tobacco inany considerable quantity, win Denotified of the adjourned meetingand requested to send a representative to same.Delegates present at the convention represented holdings totalingmore than 41,987 acres of la-nd. Acensus taken during the conventionshowed that 3,546 acres of this landwas being used to grow tobacco.KRE CHIEFS CONVENTIONThe second annual convention and,oaHnr of the Kentucky FireChiefs' Association will be held inLouisville, September 15, 16 and 17.Business sessions will be held eachmorning in the council chamber atCity Hall, giving all who desire achance to attend the State Fair inthe afternoon. An interesting program has been arranged. There willalso be at the State Fair Groundsan exhibit of fire apparatus, devicesand appliances, says a notice issuedby W. A. Jesse, president, and Edward M. Hite, secretary.LOSES VALUABLE HORSEA valuable Percheron mare, oneof a team owned by Jesse H. Martin, of near Hutchison, broke herleft hind leg by stepping into a hole.The animal had to be killed to endher sufferings. Mr. Martin had refused an offer of $600 for the teamjust a few days ago.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMarly Fall ShowinSuitsCoat; . DressesSkirtsFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaistsJust Received -.'FRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERSINSANE MAN AND OFFICERSHAVE EXCITING- TROUBLEJames T. Ryles, a resident of theCenterville precinct, who has beenadjudged insane Tuesday in JudgeBatterton's court, and ordered sent'to the Eastern Kentucky Hospitalfor the Insane, at Lexington, gaveChief of Police Link and a Hospitalattendant an exciting time Tuesdaynight at the corner of Main andSixth streets.Ryles had been brought to Parisfrom his home near Centerville,where he had become so violent restraint was necessary. He was triedbefore a jury in the County Courtand declared insane. An attendantfrom the Hospital came to ParisTuesday afternoon to take him toLexington. As he appeared to bedocile the attendant decided to walkto the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville & Nashville.When they reached the corner ofMain and Sixth, in front of theFarmers and Traders' Bank, Rylesbecame unruly and stubbornly refused .to go any further. Chief ofPolice Link happened to be passingat the time, and -his assistance wasasked by the attendant. Rylesseemed possessed of the strength ofthree men, and handled the officersas if they were children. The assistance of ;men in the vicinity wascalled, and five were required tohold Ryles until the handcuffscould be placed on him, and hisfeet shackled. When this was done,he was placed in Chief Link's machine, and taken to the station.Ryles "has been an inmate of theHospital on two other occasions, being released when there seemed tobe a change for the better in hiscondition. The struggle between theofficers and the insane man attracted a large crowd to the scene.SOME HARD RAINThe heaviest rain of the summerfell in this city yesterday, the.ainrra locHne- frnm about noon un-til two o'clock. The sewers weretaxed to their utmost ana musome to carry off the surplus water.Crossings were impassable, cellarswere flooded, and the rush of water from the side streets convertedMain street into a small edition oiStoner Creek. Coming just after thenoon lunch hour, the rain preventedmanv from reaching their work ontime being cut off by the high water. THE EWING FAIRThe Ewing Fair began yesterdayand will continue through Saturday. The Louisville & Nashville hasmade a round trip rate of $1.65 toEwing, war tax included, ticketgood for leturn to reach Paris before midnight of August 22. TheEwing Fair has always drawn alarge patronage from Paris and thecounty.rNofiT-VPAPERS ASKED HELPMISSING BOYFINDTHE NEWS, in common withother Kentucky papers, has been requested to assist in the search forRaymond Snoddy, fourteen-year-oldboy, who has been missing from hishome at Russell, Ky., for over r.week. Fifty dollars reward for hisreturn to his father, or to ElmGrove Lodge, No. 150, B. R. C. of A.,at Russell, hss been offered, and isnow on deposit at the First NationalBank in Russell.The following description is givenof the missing boy: Age 14; mcdiuim size; quite slender; weighsabout eighty-five pounds; about 5feet high; fair complexion; lighthair; blue eyes; one broken fromtooth and teeth prominent; has scaron back of head about three-quartersof an inch long about hat band;wore long striped overalls and lightblue gingham shirt when he lefthome.Any information in regard to theboy vill be thankfully received byhis father, Andrew Snoddy, R. F.D., RusseU, Ky.; Elm Grove Lodge,No. 150, B. R. C. of A., Thomas Vailance, president, C. H. Williams,secretary.NOTES OF THE LODGES.All the candidates recently elected to membership in Rathbone LodgeK. of P.. were present last night atthe regular meeting, and were given"the right hand of fellowshipThe regular weekly meeting ofthe Pythian Sisters was held intheir lodge room last night, with agood attendance. A considerableamount of important businessv wastransacted.Hon. G. Allison Holland, chairman of the State Committee whichis engaged in raising the $1,000,000fund for the rehabilitation of theMasonic Widows' and Orphans'Home in Louisville, has announcedthat the fund has reached $800,000and subscriptions are cqming in rap-idlv indicating: that the entiream0unt is likely to be completed bythe end of the yearHon M. M. Logan, Past GrandMaster of Kentucky Odd Fellows,and one of the most interestingspeakers, will make the principal address, at the Odd Fellows Endowment Fund Drive, at the Paris OperaHouse, Sunday, August 29. EveryOdd Fellow in Bourbon county isexnected to be present at this meeting, to welcome the 140 children ofthe I. O. O. F. Orphan Home.The entertainment is free, and itis expected that the usual big crowdswhich aiave been .attending tliesevents in other cities will be duplicated here. This will be the firsiconcert given by both musical organizations and the 140 children, theprogram comprising vocal and instrumental music recitations, etc.There are a number of very promising singers among the orphans. Remember the date, Sunday, August29 th.The First and Second Degreeswere conferred on the four candidates Monday night at the meetingof Bourbon Lodge I. O. O. F. Afterthe ceremonies Noble Grand A. APogue declared a recess, duringwhich ices were served. Those notpresent, missed a most enjoyabletreat. There is "something doing"at Bourbon Lodge very often, and,of course, if you do not attend, youfail to get the benefit of the socialfeatures.Representatives from all the Masonic lodges of Paris and the countyattended the anniversary celebralion given at Carlisle, Wednesday,by Daugherty Lodge of that city.Bourbon people say there neverwan,' in all their experience, such aspread givtn before. Each Masonregistering in a book was presentedwith a bionze medal bearing an inscription commemorating the anniversary of the lodge. Chief of PoliceFri-d Link, of the Paris lodge, metmisfortune en route, when his machine bioke down. Repairs werefinally completed and the Chief, andhis party arrived on the groundsabout two o'clock. Learning of theirmishap, a committee of ladies sawto the material welfare of the partyand gave them a chicken dinnerthat kept them busy for sopae time.BUCK HEARD FROM?The whereabouts of Buck Freeman, colored, formerly of Paris,where he had for many years conducted a barber shop; has been amystery to n.any. He conducted abarber shop at Beattyville and Hazard after leaving Paris. At onetime it was reported that Freemanhad gotten into serious trouble inBeattyville. Since k then nothinghad been heard of him.The Lexington Leader of Wednesday has the following:"Buck Freeman, colored barberr.t 107 North Limeston street, believes he is the champion apnateurtomato grower of Lexington. He,brought to The Leader office to-daya Ponderosa tomato -weighing lVzpounds, which was one of eight ofthe same size on one vine in hiswarden at 439 Ohio street."PEG-O'-MYHEARTANA.AT CYNTHI-Miss Irene Bramblette, of Paris,will give a reading of "Peg-O'-MyHeart" in the Methodist church, inCynthiana, Tuesday, for benefit othe Ep worth League. Miss Bramblett's redition of the leading rolein this same play at the Paris HighSchool some time ago, was a pronounced success.YOUTHS WRECK STOLEN AUTONEAR MILLERSBURGFour Levins'lnn vnnths txvn Tihitn. 0 ., , ..w ,. u.vuand two coloied, their ages, rangingiium mne to lourteen, were arrestedby county officials near Millersburg,after a machine they were driving,had been ditched on the roadside.The boys admitted having taken themachine from Walnut street, inLexington, and were on their wayto Maysville, on a sightseeing tour.Striking a rut in the load theylost control of the machine, whichswerved from the road, and tumbledinto a ditch bj the side of the road.They were found by officers who hadbeen tracing the machine, sittingOn thp. rim ni nor nnnrr? in tdaro onil.debating as to the best way to getuuck nome. niacn tnea to outao tneother in telling how the accidenthad happened. They were broughtto Paris, where they were held until Detective Maloney, of the Lexington police department, came hereand took them back to Lexington.The stolen machine belonged to J.T. Wells, of Winchester, who hadbeen in Lexington on business andleft the machine parked on Walnutstreet. The white boys, who gavetheir names as Richard Cecil andRichard Mead, and the colored boysnamed Clifford Bradsaw and JohnDoty, will be given a hearing in theCounly Court before Judge Bullock,to-day. Mr. Wells srated that hewould not prosecute the boys if thevalue of his machine, which he declared was wrecked, was made goodto him, 'MASONS CELEBRATE LODGE ANNIVERSARY AT CARLISLEDaugherty Lodge No. 65, F. & A.M., of Carlisle, celebrated its onehundredh anniversary Wednesdaywith an old-fashioned basket picnicin Mathers' woods, near Carlisle.More than 5,000 persons attendedthe celebration.The procession formed at the lodgehall and marched . to the picnicgrounds. The music was furnishedby the Maysville Boys' Band, whichis under the management of J. Barbour Russell. The invocation wasby the Rev. Mr. Bolton, of Carlisle.The address was delivered by JudgeI. B. Ross, of Carlisle. Past GrandMaster Dave Jackson, of Louisvilleresponded to the address of welcome.Gand Master Henry McElroy, orLebanon, spoke on the Grand Ma-.-onic Lodge of Kentucky.Mrs. Lula Lee Bates, Grand Mation of the Order of the Eastern Star,spoke on the -Eastern Star Lodge inTCenluckv. Hon. Charles N. Smith.of Danville, "Old Masons' Home.""Educational Work of the GrandLodge" was discussed by S. P.Browning, of Maysville, DeputyGrand Commander.Patt Grand High Priest G. Allison Holland, of Lexingon, spoke on"The Widows' and Orphans' Home.". oCOUNTY COURT NEWS.In the County Court yesterdayJeudge George Batterton heard thecase of Mrs. George Cooper, white,charged with cutting a colored woman named Willie Montague, theparties both residing on Secondstreet extension, near the city limits. The women became involvedin sl dispute over their childrenthrowing rocks, when Mrs Cooper,it was alleged, cut the colored woman with a knife, inflicting a deepgash four inches long, in the fleshlypart of the right thigh. The Montague woman w&s also presented before the Judge on a charge of usinabusive language and throwingrocks. The cases were tried jointly.After hearing the testimony JuageTnttrtnn stated that the evidenceshowed the Montague woman hadherinreri herself ;r her testimony,and accordingly dismissed both variants, after giving the principals asevere reprimand. ,oBASE BALL GAMESThe third and deciding game inlhe series between the Newtown andCenterville base ball teams will beplayed Sunday afternoon on theNewtown grounds. Centerville defeated the Newtown team Sundayat Centerville 12 to 2, in the secondgame of the series, Newtown winning the initial gapne.The Paris Quicksteps will pjaySunday afternoon at Dodge Park,near the Easten Ford bridge on Second street, their opponents beingthe Clintonville team. The Quicksteps were defeated by the NorthMiddletown team in a doubleheader last Sunday, but hope to recover ground Sunday. The batteries will be: Paris Reed and Johnson; Clintonville Brown andGreen. Game called at three o'clock.At Thompson's Park, in NorthMiddletown, Sunday afternoon, theNorth Middletown team, will playthe Cynthiana All-Stars. Gamecalled at 2:30 o'clock.REDCROSS MAGAZINE TOCONTINUEDIS-The famine price of white paperhas forced the American Red Crossto discontinue publication of theRed Cross magazine, an announcement made said."Further publication would involve either considerable increasein the publication price or a subsidy from the general funds of thesociety, which deems either courseinexpedient.". The October number will be thelast issued. . . ,SKINNER, ALLEGED FORGER,KJttTUlMIJ&D TO CINCINNATIWhether or not there is anythingin a name will be developed in Cincinnati when the cas of J. B.Skinner lately of Paris, is broughtup for a hearing. Skinner was arrested here some days ago by Chiefof Police Link on telegraphic information from Cincinnati, whichstated that Skinner was wantedthere for passing an alleged forgedcheck on the Kresge Five-and-Ten-CentStore. At the time of his arrest he was in the employ of theMason & Hanger Construction Co.,at Xalapa Farm, near Paris, in aclerical capacity.A detective from the Cincinnatinolice deDartaient came to Paris.Tuesday afternoon, with requisitionpapers from Gov. Cox, of Ohio, andreturned to Cincinnati with Skinner as a prisoner. Skinner's fatherwas also in Paris investigating thecircumstances of his son's arrest.FIREDESTROYS WINCHESTEROIL PLANT.Fire believed to have originatedfrom sparks from a passing locomotive destroyed the plant of the Eureka Tool and Oil Well Supply Copnpany. at Winchester, Tuesday morning. The loss is estimated at 30,000, partially covered by insurance.The fire had gained good headwaybefore the alarm was turned in, butthe fire department did excellentwork in subduing the flames. Thestock consisted of used machineryfrom one to five years old, and ingood condition. The plant was located on the L. and E. railroad andHill street. There was no nightwatchman.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woocfford & Bryafi- O ,'BIG PRICE REFUSED FOR TOBACCO PROP.John F. Wigglesworth, who resides on the fanm of Clarence andFrazier Lebus, near Esconttida, hasrefused an offer of fifty cents apound for his growing crop of tobacco. The offer was made by LeoKern, of Bourbon county. Mr. Wigglesworth believes he can get the topprice when the Paris markets openup.ATTENTION. BUILDERS!Iff you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand., Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)WE KNOW MOWREAL ECONOMYIII CLOTHESU EAL economy in clothesitiriiaiaiding theamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,firmly woven and full . ofwear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing withquality and value.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MEN.REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMIT-JLJ1& HULU5 MJiETlNlx.The Bourbon Republican Committee held a meeting in the courthouse, in this city yesterday, presided over bv Chairman V A.Thomason, of North i Middletown.Chairman Thomason, after stating!the object of the meeting; relinquished the chair to J. W. Bacon,and John M. Stuart was elected secretary. The committee decided to ofrenRepublican campaign headquartersin Paris, with an active secretary lacharge. George W. Stuart waschosen campaign chaiipnan, and Mr.W. A. Thomason appointed a committee tc select a campaign secretary. Miss Clara Bacon, of Paris,was elected as campaign chairman,to organize the Republican womenof the county, which she accepted,and will assume the duties at once.The colored women of the countyare to be organized by precinctawith one of iheir number as chairmen.' Several speeches were jmade,indicating a spirit of enthusiasm.An effective campaign organizationis to be effected in each of thetwenty precincts in The county.BOURBON COiJNTY SUNDAYSCHOOL CONVENTIONRev. R. H. Ellett, of Clintonville,president of the Bourbon County ,Sunday School Association of theChristian cluirch, presided at theannual convention of the organization, held " in North Middletown, at which delegationsfrom seven churches werepresent. Addresses were made byRev. W. B. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, State SecretaryLinn Cortright, of Louisville, Revs.J. H. McNeil, of Winchester, andWard Russell, of Little Rock. Thameeting: ODened with devotional services led by John W. Jones, of North,Middletown followed by a song service and music by the choir of tteNorth Middletown Christian church,A basket dinner was served by thewomen of the North Middletownchurch. Littie "Rock was decidedupon as the place of meeting for the1921 convention.BURGLARS BUSY.Burglars endeavored to effect anentrance to the Brooks & SnappDrug Co.'s" store, on Main street,Wednesday night. Holes were bored around the lock on the frontdoor, and an attempt made tothrow the bolt, but the burglarswere evidently frightened away before they succeeded.oOhio has her third Presidentialcandidate. We are almost beginning to fear that the Ohio corn cropwill be short for lack of hands.fuui 111 spciiuleast possibleBLAKEMOREr H-'& ' '' 'c:iv-, - -PAGE TWOTHK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 120"" '..4HIE BOURBON NEWSsied 1881 39 Years of Continuous PublicationJmWisSied .Every Tuesday and PridayJer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.WE3T CHAMP, Editor and Owner.tered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)"DEMOCRATIC TICKET'j I For President,$ $&me M. Cox, of Ohio.For Vice President,S;sbQklm D. Roosevelt, New York..For ujnifeed States Senator"J. C. W. Beckham."QfbT Tudge of the Court of Appeals,W. "Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.. E "hereby announce myself as avedidate "lor. the Democratic nomttkm for Sheriff of BourbonOdiLtsr at the Primary Election in.August, 1S21. When r electedlESLecitt my Deputies "will be "Bob"Cilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R- 'ED .BEDFORD, candidate forSksrin! of Bourbon County, respect-JfcHy-solicits your support and in'tSEiieiice. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Steputies.FOR JAILER."We are authorized to announceOOHN H. DOTY, of Paris, as a can'iidale for Jailer of Bourbon county,subject to the action of the Dejmocrs.tic party at the primary electionrut August. 1921.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can-4idflute for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Dem--acxaficprimary.ROOSEVELT ADDRESSES NORTHDAKOTA DEMOCRATSvtf "FOR TAX COMMISSIONER. -We are authorized to announce'J AS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Pre-dact No. 2, as a candidate for Tax5ommissioner of Bourbon County."will VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofItfXUersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersoaf Bourbon county.We are authorized to announce23GKNT J. REDMON, of the North"Ifidaietown precenict, as a oandi4fcte lor Tax 'Commissioner of Bour?;. county, with THOMAS TAUL,"C .Paris, -as deputy, subject tot theUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term, 1920, of the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styledaction therein pending, the under---taction of the Democratic voters of signed Master Cqmmissioner, onFARGO, N. D., Aug. 19. In hisfirst addiess in North Dakota,Franklin D. Roosevelt, Democratic"seek a solution of the problemscandidate for Vice President, saidhere Monday that the Dejmocratjcparty if victorious pledges itself to"seek a colution of the problemsthat will serve the best interests ofthe producer and the great consuming public.""I am particularly glad to readthat the 'porch' campaign of theRepublicans is breaking down," Mr.Roosevelt said, "and that SenatorHarding has now condescended tomake five whole speeches away fromhome."The theory of the Democraticcampaign is, of course, just thecontrary. Our candidates are trying not merely to carry the campaign to the country, but to finaout what the country is thinking."This difference in attitude ofmind extends to the way in whichthe leaders of the two parties handle all public questions. The Democratic theory is that big nationalproblems-ought to be settled from anational point of view, and oughtnot to be undertaken by a meregathering in Washington of half adozen old line leaders who do notknow the country and who represent the kind of things that Penrose, of Pennsylvania, Lodge, ofMassachusetts, Root, of New York,and others of that group advocate,who weie in control of the Chicagoconvention, and who would be incontrol of your government if a Ropublican President is elected. -"For instance, you people outhere have long been concerned withthe problem of food production andmarketing. You appieciate, I hope,the danger of the control of thisquestion by men who are friends ofthe packers, by friends of big bankers and by friends of the Easternmiddlemen. A solution by them,will bring you back to conditions often or fifteen years ago."The Democratic party is controlled by no such gang. If elected, we pledge ourselves to seek asolution of the problems that willserve the best interests of the producers, and the great consumingpublic, and two after all who arevitally concerned."There is no question that thefarmer does not get to-day what heought to get, and there is no question, also, that the consumer paystoo much. Somewhere in betweenthe two are steps which must beeliminated our transportationproblems, marketing problems andwai uhouse .problems."Are you going to trust a leadership of reaction, or are you goingto trust what is to-day the party ofprogress? I -would not be a Democrat unless I was sure that progressin this year of 1920 is spelt Democracy."Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT,JAMES McCLURE, ETC..ON PETITIONNOTICE OF SALEWoiK'bon county.JFORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.TBen "Woodford, Jr., will make the-i"ce for Deputy in connection with" Walter Clark as Tax Commissioneri& Uourbon County, subject to thetaction -of -the Democratic party.XABOR BUREAU PREDICTS DROPIN PRICES.WASHINGTON, Aug. 19. TheFederal Bureau of Labor Statistics"believes there will be a decline in retxS. prices of food this coming fall.In. ' forecast the bureau says'rEka.t -wholesale prices dropped an average of slightly more than 1 percent in the last thirty days. Meats,-fish and vegetables now are stored"in quantities far greater than one-year ago.Bumper crops of wheat and othervcereals are in prospect in fact, are-partly harvested in the Southwest,,-.and farm labor is plentiful except inv,a few sections.Luxury "tax .'receipts are falling- off, showing the stampede has stop--pedat stores selling luxuries, including automobiles, diamonds and ex-"-travagant clothing. Reduction in"luxury Tmying is a certain indication, government officials say, thatthe nation alwave of extravaganceVaas -passed.An end of luxury buying means""'exit the profiteers," officials say.Candy merchants all over theUnited States are complaining of adropping off of business. The saleis classed as "good," indicating thatthe public is consuming nfich candy,Jbut not so much as formerly.Candy mohants were preparing-for a big summer and winter busUness. They bought heavily of sugar-at inflated prices. Now many are-petitioning the Department of Jus-fcice for licenses to sell sugar, which-they declare they have in unneses-sary quantities.utWe are glad to issue these licenses," said Assistant Attorney'General Figg. "Sales of surplussugar by candy dealers should tend- to reduce prices."Big reductions have been forcedSin "wholesale prices of materials likecotton, crude rubber, leather andtJteel. Although these do not affect' - -directly the average consumer, theyJf -nevertheless have an effect on gen-'. ral commodity prices, officials say."Price of k crude rubber and leatherRecently reached . pre-war levels.Saturday, Aug. 21, 1920,ON THE PREMISES,At about the hour of 11 a. m.,will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder the following described property:A lot on Main street, in the Cityof Paris 66 feet 8 inches front onMain Street, and running back thesame width of Laurel streer,186 feet, more or less, to Highstreet, being bounded on the Eastby said Laurel street, on the Wesrby a lot of Mrs. Elizabeth Ryanand being the same property conveyed to. Emily Parker by Jas. M.TliOjtnas by deed recorded in theoffice of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, in Deed Book 64,page 545; said deed being datedJune 15th, 1880.But there is excepted from theabove boundary so much thereor ;was conveyed to T. M. Funk by Emily Parker, etc., by deed of recordin said office in Deed Book 104, page471 and therein described as follows: Beginning at a point where firstand second parties' line corners toHigh street, Paris, Kentucky; thencewith margin of said street as it meanders in a Northerly direction 15feet; thence in a Southerly direction 105 feet to a point in the division line of the first and secondparties.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forone-half of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsirom date of sale until paid.The net share of the infant(1-16) shall remain a lien upon theproperty until the infant's guardianqualifies and executes bond as-requiredby law, or until said infantbecomes twenty-one years of age,and so much of the purchase moneyas represents the infant's share willdraw interest at six per cent. (6)from date until paid.Said sale is made for the purposaof settling the estate of the decedent, and for a division of the proceeds among the parties interested. O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C. C.(3-13-20)AMERICAN ATHLETES COMPETEAT ANTWERP."ANTWERP, Aug. 19. American;will enter the Stadium when thegames open on Sunday with a onepoint lead way, as a result of thepreliminary contests. The score bynations follows: America 57, Holland 18, Belgium 13, France 10, Finland 7, Denmark 7, Brazil 6, SouthAfrica 6, Switzerland 5, Canada 3,Italy 3, Spain 2, Greece 2 and Czechoslovakia 1. America's score wasgain for the most part by its riflemen, while "Norway amassed its totalby the work of her men in yachtingskating and shooting.oARMED MEN HOLD UP LOAD OPWHISKYBALTIMORE, Aug. 19 A motortruck loaded with whisky was heldup by four armed men near Fullerton, Md., and 125 cases of the liquorcarried off in another truck by therobbers, according to the driver ofthe looted truck, Walter Sklon ofNewark.Later four men were arrested herecharged with larceny of the liquor,which was thex property of the Zuck-er-SteinerCompany of Newark. Thepolice said that three cases of thewhisky had been recovered.Sklon, accompanied by a negrohelper, was on his way to Newarkfrom Baltimore with the whisky whenhis machine became disabled nearFullerton.LISTEN!Complete you home with one otour Pianos, Player Pianos or CaDinet Talking Machines. We do notonly guarantee our instruments, butadjust anything that may at sometime be required.We do this, as our representative,Mr. Geis, is a factory exneriencedjman, having srrt a number ofyears in lactones manufacturinghighest grade musical instruments.We do tuning and repairing of allkinds, also handle latest Music Rollsand Records.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,J. B. GEIS, Representative.(aug6-tf-F)LostSomewhere in Paris a gold ringwith red cameo setting. Had cordstring attached. Finder can securea reward of $10 by returning thering toJOHN (PETE) CAIN.(uug6-tf)Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and terms.Write or call for this big list. Makyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot)LostGold band ring, with initials,"N. F. M." engraved on inside.Liberal reward to finder, if returned to 610 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.(6-tf)Mrs. E. D. GiltnerTeacher of Piano and ViolinReturns Again to Paris,Monday. September 6, 1920.Summer Address,,171 North Ashland Street,Lexington, Ky.(augl3-4t-F)Agent WantedLady or gentleman agent in theCity of Paris for Watkins FamousProducts. Known everywhere. Bigprofits. WriteJ. R. WATKINS CO.,55, Memphis, Tenn.(10-4t)LostBetween the North Middletownpike and East Paris, a pocketbookcontaining three $20 bills. Finderplease call Cumberland Phone1012, and receive liberal reward.JOHN LINDSAY, JR.i (aug3-tf)Feathers For Sale.A large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.For SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.WantedStudents, age 19 or over, withEighth grade education or better forPower Laundry Course. A co-operativesystem of education; the student earns v.hile he learns. Fitted after two years training for ajob at a fair salary in profitable andestablished trade with excellent opportunity for rapid advancement.First-class living conditions whiletraining with a wage that is partlyself-supporting. Address Ohio Mechanics Institute, Cincinnati, O.(augl7-4t)WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)V'ThO .'''.-QWhen the train camein back in l9iOSelect your tirea according to the roads'they have to travel:In sandy or hilly country, wherever the goingis apt to be heavy TheU. S. Nobby.For ordinary countryroads The U. S. Chainor Usco.For front wheels -TheU. S. Plain.For best resultseverywtfiero-TJ.S. RoyalCords.BWl:C0RD-N06By-OlAVtlJSCD:PlAlNTEN years ago you mighthave seen one or twoautomobiles waiting outsidethe station, when the weatherwas pleasant,Today the square is crowded with them. And ipost ofthe cars you generally seethere are moderate-price cars,. Anybody who tells you thatowners of moderate-pricecars are not interested in thequality of their tires hasnever met very many ofthem.We come in Contact withthe small car owner everyday and we have found thathe is just as much interestedas the big car owner.There is one tire, at least,that makes no distinctionbetween small cars and largecars so far as quality is concerned the U. S- TireEvery U. S. Tire is justlike every other in qualitythe best its builders knowhow to build.Whatever the size of yourcar, the service you get outof U. S. Tires is the same.It isn't the car, but the manwho owns the car, that setsthe standard to which U. S,tires are made,IVWc feel the same wayabout it. That's why werepresent U. S. Tires in thiscommunity.United States TiresN.. H. TAYLOR, Manageri.TIRE AND VULCANIZING CO.BOTH PH0SB5 602 K. C. STOGIESfC"Jt"-,, - 'l-'U-r '- r if -i FRIDAY, .AUGUS1 20, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGEvXJEUHBamZEHAHONEY BACKp-uhcut questionif Hunt's SeWfails in the treatment of Eczema,Tetter, Ringworm, Itch, etc!Don't become discouraged because other treatments failed.Hunt's Salre has relieved hun!dreds of such cases. You can'tlose on our Money BachGuarantee. Try it at our riikTODAY. Price 75c atFor Sale byLr OBBRDORFER,Druggist, Paris, Ky.3x?7jnrmIt is not the fortune of war thatmost of us complain about, but theprofiteering that makes some of thewar fortunes."In Bulgaria"Bulgarians live longer than anyother people in the world. Amongone million inhabitants there aremore than 1600 over 100 jears old.Bulgarian Blood Tea is their greatremedy. It Sweetens the Stomach,Gently Moves the Bowels, Flushesthe Kidneys and Purifies the Blood.Just try it once you will never useanything else. Sold everywhere byDruggists and Grocers. -o"Bulgarian Blood Tea"SALE OE WITCH ,HAZEL CHARGED IN NOVEL CASE.A warrant was issued in theMaysville police court against A. C.Lightfoot, manager of the People'sDrug Store, charging him with"knowingly selling witch hazel containing more than one-half of oneper centum of alcohol by volumefor beverage purposes," it becameknown when Mr. Lightfoot, withother officials of the People's DrugCompany appeared in the localcourt.It is understood that the warrantwas issued when it was learned thata local man had purchased a quartof witch hazel at the People's DrugStore, which he was using as an intoxicant. So far as is known, this is the firstwarrant issued in the Maysvillecourts for the sale of witch hazelas a beverage and the final outcome of the matter will be watcher!with keen interest.PREMIER OUTLINES ATTITUDEOF ADMINISTRATIONThe late war also ought to havea depressing effect on the ambitionof rich young Americans to marryinto the European nobility.oThe foreign-born must not be theforeign thinking.1itJ' 4 r .. fci j dfcfc m. -Crutcher & StarksGood Clothesrfor all buildsiiu1 HIS store takes a special interest in providing good fitting garmentsfor men of irregular sizes for men of Ifall builds. :fGood fit is as important inclothes as good fabrics,, good style andgood values. We take pride in givingyou all of these things.You'll find a fine variety tochoose from it matters not whether youseek a staple three-piece suit for year'round wear, or a cool, comfortable,two-piece Air-O -Weave. Good styleis a feature they fit and keep on fittingthey satisfy.These fine clothes are an investmentnot only because they are sincerein quality of materials and workmanshipbut they are an investment in goodappearance.JfrSton yCSyuMtVimttRKSGranville ft. Burton 6 SonsLoulBvllle-Th Metropolis of Kentucky; 'I'' '.WITCHERlSAJ rowmt AND WLONDON, Aug. 19. "An attempt of labor to dictate to the Government would be a challenge andwould be resisted by every' meansat the disposal of the Government."Facing the House of Commonsfor the last time until October 19,unless the unforseen should occur.Premier David Lloyd George outlined the attitude of the British auministration as in the above statement. His pronouncement on labor wasgreeted wirh cheers. '"The attitude of the Labor Council of Action," said the Premier, "13the tame as the attitude of the Government, but if tabor attempted todictate to the Government by industrial action it would strike at tneroot of the constitution and the dictation would be resisted by allmieans in the power of the Government." The Labor Council of Action is agroup of representatives of practically all of the larger unions. Tnemeeting which formed the councilempowered it to call a general strikeif, in the council's judgment, sucna measure were necessary to prevent Great Britain declaring war onRussia."The Council of Action," the Premier continued, "constitutes in itpelf one of the most formidablechallenges that has been given todemocracy and the Government mustmeet thp challenge."Such acts as 'labor contemplateswere the geneses of the FrenchRevolution. They arouse fear inthe public and then when the crashcomes the public has lost its capacity for leal thought."J. R. Clines, labor member, speaking for labor, demanded of the Premier that Winston Churchill. Secretary of Wai, be dismissed fromthe Cabinet for his warlike attituaetoward Russia.The Premier's piounouncemenirelative to General Wrangel definitely plates Great Britain apaitfrom the anti-Bolshevik movementthe General is leading.'The Government," he said "hadmade clear to General Wrangel thatif he took military steps after agiven date he would be proceedingon his own responsibility in, 'io faras the British Government is concerned. He has taken those steps.-"Following the Premier's speecn,Andrew Law moved that the Houserecess until October, with the Premier empowered to summon it at anearlier date in the event of necessity. He declared that the contingentrequiring an earlier meeting wouldbe the tincei'e offering of peaceterms by Russia. '"In that event," he concluded,"the Government would take step?to defend Poland."Mr. Bondi Law's motion wasadopted.- oEXPLOSION SHAKES GROUNDFOR MILES.Two Big Buildingson Vine Streetat the ArcadeCINCINNATIPflffSS? 'HsRaro iff IE SEPar i $hnkMu&J ilJ&ABERDEEN, MD., Aug. 19. Explosions of 500,000 pounds of gunpowder on the government provinggrounds shook the country formiles around.The explosions were caused by afire that destroyed five one-storybuildings on the main front of theproving grounds. One laborer, offifty who ran for their lives when theflames neared the powder storageplants, is missing.Firemen prevented the flamesreaching the general ammunitionbuilding.SPANISH WOMEN WORKERSSpanish women certainly cannotbe regarded as the "weaker sex,"for in many of the Spanish portsthey coal the ships. Bringing thecoal alongside in barges, they load itinto buckets that hold one hundredand twenty pounds apiece and,walking barefooted up the gangplank, cany the buckets on theirheads. " A man bosses the job, butthe women do all the physical work.A Prominent Nurse TestifiesCovingtox, Ky. n I have beenrecommending Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription to mypatientsand pers o n a 1friends forseveralyears, eversince it restored meto perfecthealthafter avery seriou s illness withinwardtrouble.In everyinstance that I have known women totake Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription for feminine weakness, or if inneed of a special tonic during expectancy, it has never failed in giving theutmost satisfaction. It is a woman'smedicine that can be depended uponto relieve nervous conditions, besidesbuilding up and strengthening theentire womanly organism. I shallalways praise Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription most highly." Mrs.Pattie Elliott, 1413 Kendall St.Favorite Preso:;ptipn should havethe full confidence of every woman inAmerica because in contains no alcohol and no narcotic. Doctor Pierceknew, when he first made this standardmedicine, that whisky and morphinewere injurious, and so he has alwayskept them out of bis remedies.' Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription can.beSrocured in all drag stores in eitheraid or tablet form.Send 10 cente to Doctor Pierce'sInvalids' Hotel in Buffalo, N. Y., forMENYOU CAN SAVE $20 OR MORE HEREON A HART SCHAFFNER & MARX SUITOn your next trip . to Cincinnati it will pay you to visitour store and take advantageof the unusual clothing values.Hart Schaffner & Marx received thousands of yards offine woolens 90 days late; toolate to fill their regular orders;nevertheless they made thesewoolens up into suits zind solda large number to us at lowprices.Each suit is of the latest metropolitan style and distinctivefabric. Every one tailored byHart Schaffner & Marx.We're giving you the benefit.Clothes like these cannot bemade at wholesale today forthese figures.$40, $45 and $50Suits at$55, $60 and $65Suits at$70, $75 and $80Suits at$9Q:50v-$305049The DUNLAP CLOTHES SHOP417-423 Vine Street' Corner of Arcade CINCINNATTThe Home of Hart Schaffner & Marx Clothesmj. p.STRONG,'Prominent Real Estate BrokerMassachusettsoflIlllllllllllllllllHllllllllllllllllllllllllHllllllllllllHIlinWilliam K. Hasan G- ,onAPXHITECTV (3- ENGINEER.Tlfc."T NATIONAL BANK -?x PAfcl,Ky.lllllll!UIIIIIIIII!ll!l!llilllll!MIII!lllllllllllllllilllllillllUIjsIHMgl5ggllBg;SBlgg-gg81i5;-5jcssig!!8glggaI581si3igifHIlBoston, Aug. 25, says: "I havebeen in the real estate brokerage t pbusiness for many years. I have ! Hsuffered with loss of sleep, indigestion and nervousness, but since tak-!ing Argo-Phosphate, I sleep better'and cat without fear of distress, andcan feel a great change in my system." There is nothing in medicine science that equals Argo-Phosphate inthe treatment of indigestion, rheumatism, nervousness, kidney andliver ills. Sold by Brooks & SnappDrug Co., and all reliable druggists.(july23-aug20)President Wilson is so far advanced 'on the road to recovery that Adjmiral Grayson has ceased to be anational figure.Mrs. Ellis9 CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky..1Iced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesI 0Both PhonesFree DeliverynAnd Now we are Making Contracts For.rfwWFallPaintinOur Spring business was farrin excess of any season we have-'ever had, and it bids fair to be.1larger this Fall. We are booke&'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKY121.rreTT-:;:;BB-rf!?MWWfcia.,,4,AligHffMllMAlMllmMSlll3mlMjmililA.tiAill,JAlMiBjicasx!Attention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theiGENUINE! ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, siverup by all fence builders to be the best:fence on the market.Collier Bros.Qffke Opposite Paris TobaccoWarthoiMOCumbarlandlltim Phottt 2S?3 -:st I-V1 i .- r aV 'ftx f'- iivL. siw4)m. i11S 5kB- 4hh ', . 'it r -, -r- U ' - 0 'mat pacsaee 01 ttoetablete.-iwr -PAG FOOTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1S20Bourbon County RoadReportCommissionersm -.- &TO THE CITIZENS AND TAXPAYERS OF BOURBON COUNTY:" Your Road Commissioners, whc volunteered to superintend the repair and reconstruction, of the Turnpikes in Bourbon County and to expend the money arising from the Five Hundred Thousand Dollars BondIssue and other sources, ihink it advisable at this time to make a report of what has been done and what we expect to do iri the future.REPORT OF EXPENDITURES:Motor transportations 26,993.61Quarries (22592 tons) $1.50.8 34,067.85Mr. John' Cain, 3384 tons, at 2.25 7,512.17Bridges and culverts '(stone and transportation not included 26,848.76New and reconstruction (stone and transportation -not included .. 13,189.75flepairs and maintenance (stone arid transportation not included) 8,176.97Ditching .. .. '. 20,420.00Total expenditures on Roads $137,199.11'Real estate and improvements including garage and quarry' and building on Cane Ridge pike, warehouse oppositePassenger Depot $ 16,436.10iiive stock, 44 mules , , . 15,857.00Machinery and Equipment 74,886.57Total Real Estate, Stock and Equipment . . . ., .Less $15,000.00 for 6 months depreciation charged into Road expense "above $15,000.00.Balance Real Estate, Stock and Equipment ..- 92,179.27Total Expenditures to August 1, 19 20 229, 378. 3$EDITORIAL FLTOGS ATTHAT 'N TOTHERTHIS,The following roads have been rebuilt or reconstructed:Bethlehem 2 y2 milesJackstown 3 milesCynthiana . . . . 2 milesClay and Kiser and Peacock 6 .milesThatchers' Mill 2 milesMaysville Pike ! 6 milesIn addition a great deal of stcne has been distributed for repairwork on various pikes.The following roads have been ditched:Bethlehem 2 milesHume & Bedford . 5 milesPeacock, Clay & Kiser .' 8 milesThatcher's Mill ' 10 milesNorth IMiddletown & Cane Ridge 5 milesStringtovn 2 milesParis & Fiat Rock 7 milesKiserton Station & Shawhan l milesMt. Cornel 2 milesA great deal of bridge and culvert work made necessary by thewashouts in the spring has been done, including two very expensivebridges, one cvor Harrods Creek on North Middletown Pike, and onein the Flat Rock precinct over Brush Creek, which is nearing completion. While these expenditures may appear to be large, we direct atten-"" lion to the fact that when wc advertised for bids to reconstruct 9 Mmiles of the Flat Rock road the lowest bid we received was $236,-000.00. We rejected this bid and we are now undertaking to repairthis road by force account, one-half of which will be paid by the State.We believe that the road work should be continued during Ihe remainder ofttie season, as there are roads in the county now in such condition that they -will become' impassable next winter, and the cost of repairing or rebuilding them will be very much more next year than itwill be at this time. We already have the machinery to do this work$nd the labor is available and all that is now needed is the jmoney topay the expenses.The roads which have not been repaired are constantly gettingworse and it will take more labor and material to repair them nextyear than it will this year and we think that the increased amount oflabor and material will more than offset any possible decrease in thecost of labor. We could not buy the machinery now for what wepar.d for it.When you voted the bond issue you expected that the bonds couldbe sold at once and that this work could go on without interruption.ISudden and unexpected changes in the money markets have made itimpossible to sell these bonds at par and the law prohibits us fromselling them below rar; therefore, we cannot sell these bonds on themarket at this time. Private citizens have already subscribed for Sev- Jenty-iive Thousand Dollars worth cf these bonds at par.In order to carry on this work for the remainder of the year itwill be necessary to sell at least Seventy-five Thonsand Dollars worthmore of these bonds, which cannot be. sold on the market for the reason stated above, and therefore must be sold to private citizens.If the taxpayers of the county want us to continue in this worktliey must buy the bonds so that w0 may continue it; if they do notbuy the bonds at this time we must stop tho work and permit theroads to go without repair until such time as the bonds may be soldon the market at par. No one can foretell when that time will come andthe loss you will suffer by the increased cost of repairing these.roads willmore than offset the small loss of income which you may suffer in thepurchase of these bonds.Under the Road Law passed by the last Legislature about fiftymiles of the road in this county are primary Roads and when they arotmce put in the condition required by the State Road Commission, theState will take those roads over and keep them in repair without furiher cost to this county.These arc some of the roads that have been very expensive to thecounty and we think it very important that we should put these roads inthe condition demanded by the State so that the State will take controV of them at once.The Primary Roads aie:Paris & North Middletown 12 miles' Maysville & Lexington 18 milesParis & Cynthiana 8 milesParis & Winchester ' . . . .10 milesOf these that portion of the Maysville & Lexington pike from Paristo the Fayette county line, the Paris & North Middletown pike and theParis & Cynthiana pike are in such good condition now that very littleexpense will be requiied to put them in the condition demanded by theState, and the Cojmmissioners are dosirous of completing these roads- this year so as to turn them over to the State, thus relieving the countyof anjr further maintenance charges.The Winchester pike and the Maysville and Lexington pike fromParis to the Nicholas county line will have to be practically reconstructed and we hope to be able to make such arrangements with theState Road Commission as to enable us to turn these two roads over tothe State to be reconstructed by the Stale.While we have made large investments' in road machinery androck quarries all of these will be needed to carry out the road buildingplan which we have adopted and while the initial cost appears large, wethink it will appear to be a good investment when the entire plan Istarried out. v 'We advise that a meeting of the citizens interested in this workbe called at the earliest possible date so that the question of the sale ofthese bonds be determined. N" We are willing to 'continue the work but it cannot be done without 'money and the money can only be raised by the sale of thesebonds to private citizens.Respectfully Submitted,'SAM CLAY,Z- SAM HOUSTON,' - JOHN T. COLLINS,- - CATESBY SPEARS.At; a (meeting of the citizens interested in this work, I was selectedas Chairman to organize our forces in the county for the purpose of selling 75,000.00 more of these bonds.A meeting of those interested in continuing this-work will be. heldat the Court House in Paris, Kentucky, oh Saturday afternoon, Augustk21v 1.920, at three o'clock.If 'you -want good roads and are willing to help our Commissionerscarry on this work, you will attend this meeting.- J. M. CALDWELL, Chairman. ' 'A Main street philosopher says ifnobody works more than eight hoursa day a large part of the Americanpeople will go to bed hungry. Huh,they won't even have a bed to go to.Bob Porter says he hates likethunder to see a first-class printerwasted on the Presidency when thegreat need for good men in thatclass is so apparent in the newspaper and job offices of the country.-Having finally developed a safeand sane Fourth of July and othersafe and sane things what is nowneeded is a safe and sane Sundaywith fool-proof automobiles, andautomobiles that cannot be drivenby reckless drivers and children.They are now. using phonographsto teach parrots to talk. But noc-ne needs to use a phonograph toteach some Paris women to talkespecially at the movies, where theyspend delightful moments in regaling those in their vicinity with allthe latest, gossip.Pnilnrad wnrlfdvs pnirmlfl.i'n tli'i$107,179. 67T their advance in wages is being-wiped out by profiteering landlordswho raise the rents almost to theextent of the wage increase. What'sto be done? Give another increaseof $600,000,000, or rescind the lateincrease to get cheaper rents?With August rapidly passing andSeptember fast approaching theschool children of Paris are beginning to lament the very short summer days and the coming of schooldays. To their minds the sumjmerseems but a few days long and theschool term almost an infinity.'Twas ever thus, etc."There's a very nifty bunchaiound Paris." said a local clothescleaner Tuesday, when asked abouthis business. He stated that he hadcustomers who were as regular asthe rising sun, who would not thinkof wearing clothes until they hadbeen properly pressed. "And, youknow." he sa:d, "I am in the business to smooth out the wrinkles."BIRTHS."Luxury" taxes continue to callfor the coinage of 6 and 7 . c$mpieces.Near Paris, to the wife of SethFaulkner, a daughter. Mrs. Faulkner was formerly Miss Ormes, ofParis.. Near Ruddles Mills, to the wifeof Leslie Lawrence, a fine son. Mrs.Lawrence was formerly Miss NellieMahoney.. Six children were born to threemothers in two hours' time at thehome of Bunk Jones, near Murray,Ky. When Mrs. Jones became ill,she telephoned her daughter-in-lawfor help. Just alter the latter'sarrival, triplets were born to Mrs.Jones. The daughter-in-law thencalled Mrs. Jones' daughter for help.After the latter's arrival twins wereborn to Mrs. Jones, Jr., the daughter-in-law,and then a daughter wasborn to the third woman. Mr. Jonesthen called foi help outside the family circle.PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Friday, August 20.Douglass Fairbanks, in his newestand best screen play, "The Mollycoddle;" Snub Pollard Comedy,"Siart The Show;" Warner Olandand Eileen Percy, in "The ThirdiEye." Added attraction, Rea Nye,"The Girl of Mystery."To-morrow, Saturday, August 21.Mary Miles M inter, in "PeggyRebels;" Larry Seamdh Comedy,"The Stage Hand."Monday, August 23. J. WarrenKerrigan, in "The White Man'sChance;" "Gee Whizz;" Pathe Review. Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.oRETURNING FROM PHILIPPINESTwo Paris men in a lpcal barbershop the other day were discussingpolitics and the acceptance speechesof the candidates for the Presidency.At the conclusion of a long dissertation, one of them, a well-knownParis bachelor, wound up by saying:"Speaking of acceptance speeches,if they ever nominate a woman forthe Presidency, newspapers willhave to publish her speech in serialform."When it comes to the matter of agood appetite a certain city officialof Paris is said to be greatly blessed. It is related that this officialattended the banquet given by theMasonic fraternity of Paris, Tuesday night, and that, in addition toother things good to eat, he ate sixteen hot rolls, and looked hungrilyaround at the plates of his neighbors, as if tc say, 'You're wastingtime there. Let a feller that knowsI how to eat have those rolls."Another complaint from GrandOpera House patrons: The conductof some occupants of the gallery isat times such as to .call forth thecondemnation and protests of otheisin the house. The colored peopleseem to think the most seriousscenes on the screen the best opportunity for applause, though the humor isn't apparent to others. MissRea Nye, the palmist, had considerable difficulty in getting a hearingTuesday night, because of the noisein the gallery. A little more consideration, please!A country woman drove her horseand buggy to a nice position theother day in front of the Sweet Shopand left it there several hours.Clyde Keller called Patrolman Hill.and asked if the same restrictionthat applied to parking automobilescould be applied in this case. Theofficer made out a time card andplaced it in the buggy. When thewoman came up to get her buggyshe saw the card, and, acceptingthe situation in its humorous lighT,made profuse apologies to Mr. Keller, and promised not to violate theparking regulations again.WantedA good Ford Sedan car. Call atthe livery barn, corner of Main andSecond streets, or call Cumberlandphone 919.(1) R. D. VANS ANT.For SaleI have for sale 2 .thoroughbredHolstein bulls. 'They are extragood and ready for service.CLAUDE WEATHERS,(20-lt) Cumb. Phone.NoticeIn the forenoons I will be foundat the lav offices of Talbott &Whitley, Paris, Kentucky, and inthe afternoons at the law offices ofFranklin, Talbott & Chapman. Lexington, Kentucky, (corner Short andCheapside.)(20-2t) ROBT. C. TALBOTT.For SaleOne two-horse wagon; one goodspring wagon; one good transferwagon; four good rubber tire buggies; three good sets of team har-Iness. Call at livery barn. Secondand .Main streets.R. D. VAN3ANT,(It) Cumb. Phone 919.County Judge George Battertonreceived a telegram yesterday fromhis brother, Fred Batterton, announcing his arrival at San Francisco, after a long voyage from Manila, P. I. The message stated thache would arrive in Paris aboutAUgust 25, for a visit to relativesand friends.Mr. Batterton has been in Philippines for seven years as UnitedStates Government Inspector of fibrepurchased for purpose of makingcordage and ropes for the U. S.Navy. He has been granted a furlough of thirty days, which he willspend in renewing pleasant acquaintances and friendships of hisformer days in his old home.zxnaxn.rT"2;3XS3EgfflOU R observanceof all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.w imn n !!I tmws.sskkk&sbbhbfl Ml llf IATTENTION, TAX PAYERSThe time limit for listingtaxes is drawing near. You willplease note this and give us acall before we are compelled toattach the penalty ordered bylaw. We trust you will givethis your immediate attentionand not force us to extrememeasures.WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.Cumberland Phone 838Home Phone 247.(aug20-tf)INJUBED BY PALL.thewnne descending the steps atat her apartments in the Howardbuilding, on Main street, Wednesday, Mrs. Nellie Highland stumbled and fell, sustaining injuriesthat may prove very serious. It isfeared she has sustained a fracturedhip. Drs. Kenney & Stoeckinger,who were called in, will make anX-ray examination to determine theexact nature and extent, of - Mrs.Highland's injuries.9One of these strongest, most resilient,longest-wearing tubes ABSOLUTEL YFREE with each Vacuum Cup Tire ofcorresponding size bought at our storean indispensable combination for themotorist who demands highest quality!Bear in mind, this offer is LIMITED. It ismade to introduce Vacuum Cup Tiresto new users and have them know theirultra-quality, enduring wear-resistance,and the guaranteed effectiveness of theVacuum Cup tread on wet, "skiddy"pavements.Also, to give our regular customers an opportunityof making very substantial savings on theirpresent and future tire and tube needs.Buy NOW buy LIBERALLY! Once this offer iswithdrawn, it will not be renewed. Makesure a Summer's driving satisfaction at a veryattractive economy expenditure.Adjustment basis per warranty tag attachedto each casing:Vacuum Cup Fabric Tires 6,000 Mileavacuum Cup Cord Tires 0,000 MileaQSTwlMKM610 BANK ROWPARIS TERE COK.-C. BUILDINGK:hsMkl" Vv,FRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTOCKlvPAGE FIVE i0wijfajFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEBLUE GRASS PAIR CATALOGS. 'Anyone desiring a copy of theBlue Grass Fair catalog can obtainodp bv calling at this office. TheBlue Grass Fair begins in Lexingtcn Monday, Aug. 30, and continued through to and including Saturday, Sept. 4.. oVIOLATED ATJTO LAWSEdward F. Spears, of Paris, wasvarrested by Versailles police Tuesday on a charge of violating the cityoidmance by using a bright spotliaht on his machine. He enteredaVea of &uilt" and was assessed afiut of ?5 raid costs.oAIT OPPORTUNITY.SOCIAL AITO PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-,Ve are interested in opening acarfi cieajn buying station in Paris,j: We teach the worrr and furrVcn equipment. Liberal commis-flon paid.WV are also interested in placingcif. pi stations any place in thecounty in connection with anotherLu.ines. IX you are interested,write us to-day for particulars.SUGAR CREEK CREAMERY CO.tj Louisville, Ky.-I o50TICE TO AUTOMOBILE OWNERS.VTe have purchased the ParisOvtiland Car Garage, on Tenthstieet, near Pleasant, and will dogeneral repairing on all kind ofcaic We will make a specialty ofjf paiiing Ford cars. We have onerf iIip best Ford mechinics in theState. We will also do automobile tan, West VaMiss Unice Owens, of Winchester, is a guest of friends in thiscity.u-TT?' C' of paris, is inHillsboro, Ohio, on a business mission. Mrs. B. F. Henry, of Carlisle, isa patient at the Petree Sanitarium,on Vine street.Mrs Alpha Nash, of Paris, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. John D.Nash, in Versailles.Mrs. W. A. Williams, of Knoxville, Tenn., is a guest at the homeui airs. j. z. Lee, in this city.Miss Lillian Childeis, of Midway, is visiting friends and relatives in this city and Millersburg.Miss Marjorie Trisler is visiting her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Richard Legg. in Handley, West Va.Mis:-; Nellie Holt, of Louisville,is a guest of her mothers, Mrs. Benj.Holt, and family, on Ml. Airy avenue. Mrs. Ben Woodford and sister,Mrs. Wm. L. Yerkes, have gone toGraham Springs, for an exTendedstay.Mrs. Howard B. Carr and son,Charles P. Carr, are guests offriends sfnd relatives in Lawrenceburg. Thos. H. Robinson, of Sharon,Pa., is a guest of his brother, GrantRobinson, and Mrs. Robinson, inthis city.Miss Bet tie Howard, who hasbeen very ill for some time at herhome on Clifton avenue, is convalescent. Miss Edna Woodward, of Jacksonville, Fla., is a guest at the homeof Mrs. F. S. McClanahan, on Cypress street.Charles W. Fithian, of the L. &X., has returned from a visit tofrif-nds and relatives in Huntington building, trimming ana lepair-ng of all kinds. Dents taken out oibodies and fenders. All work guar-r-nteiid.ARCHDEACON BROS.,(20-10 Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.. oMEDICAL SOCIETY MEETSThe Bourbon County Medical Society held its regular monthly meeting in the court house last night.Dr! George Rankin, of Shawhan,officiated as host, and did the honors very gracefully. After discussions of various topics of great interest to the medicos, an adjournment was taken to Stout's Cafe,where a bountiful supply of chickenand other good edibles were disposed of by the physicians and theirguests. All the physicians in thecounty were oresent, besides a number of invited guests from surround-'ins towns.oBOURBON GTO CLUB SHOOT T0DAY. Trapshooters are looking forwardvith a great deal of interest to theBourbon Gun Club's shoot to bei-eld on the club grounds in EastParis, this afternoon, beginning attwo o'clock. Trapshooters from thecity and county and from otherplaces xvlll compete in a program oEIwly events. The trophy to becontested for this afternoon is ahandsome gold-handled ilk urnbiella, valued at ?20, now on exhibition in the show window of theA. J. Winters Co. Visitors arewelcome, especially ladies, for whomspecial accqmmodations will be provided. i-oALLEGED E0RGER JAILEDSheriff W. G. McClintock an osted Clell Richardson, colored, anaplaced him in the Pans jail,on a warrant charging himwith forgery- Richardson is alleged to have forged the nameof Soper & Clark, to a check drawnon the First National Bank, tor i?xo.The alleged forgery was well-executed,but certain suspicious marKnthmit it mused his arrest.Richardson was given a - .heanf &betore Judge ittu.ieiwt . -Countv Court yesterday Qiorninto.The evidence proving conclusiveJudge Batterton held the pnsonerin 100 bond to appear before tnegrand jmy at the next term of theBourbon Circuit Court. Rwnardsonfurnished bond and was reieaseafrom custody.WATCH FOR ADVERTISEMENT0E PUBLIC SALE.See THE BOURBON NEWS Tuesday, for complete description of tneB.Friedman residence on Secondstreet, which will be sold jt publicoutciv on the premises Satuiaay,the 28th, at 2 p. xn. We will givesway some gold, so attend and pa.-PARTS REALTY CO., r ?"ELL, MORELAND & MITCHELL.AEROPLANE VISITS PARISA big Curtiss biplane, piloted bytwo young aviars from Troy, u.,visited Paris, Wednesday and yesterday, circling over the city severaltimes, and making a landing on theMcClintock lot on the Winchesterpike. The aviators are making atour of Kentucky, taking passengerson flights through the air for ?15 atrip. They were in Millersburg,Tuesday afternoon, returning hereTuesday night. .The visits of aircraft to Parishave not been so frequent as towear off the novelty, and hundredsof people, attracted by the purringof the big Liberty (motors, cranedtheir necks to get a good look at tneaerial visitors. The machine willvisit the colored Fair in progress a.Lexington, and the Biing Fair, atEwing, and will be here Sunday, toaccommodate passengers who wishto go "up in the air."connection with a revival in progress at the Christian church.Mrs.-M. H. H. Davis continuesquite ill at her home in this city.-Miss Virginia Dundon is visit- Iing friends and relatives in Chicago, jMr. Bryan Doty returned yes-1terday from a vacation trip to De-troit.Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Haggardhave returned from a brief stay inCincinnati.Mrs. Clark Barnett is visitingher fcister, Mrs. Frank L. Snyder, inLouisville.Gravitt Jackson, of this city, isvisiting friends and relatives inMuncie, Indiana.Miss Alice Shearer, of London,arrived yeserday for a visit tofriends in Paris.Mrs. Harold Roberts has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Nellie McClintock is visiting her sister, Mis. Frank L. Lapsley, in Shelbyville.Miss Mary Frances Woods isvisiting her cousin, Miss Julia Heirington, in Cynthiana.J. Elmer Boardman and Charle.5R. Walls, of near Paris, are sojourning at Dawson Springs.Mrs. Harry Ogle and little son,Raymond, are visiting friends inOrangeburg and Maysville.Miss Sena Rion has returnedfiom her vacation spent with friendsin Cincinnati, and in Winchester.Mrs. J. Hooker Stivers is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Tom Kennedy, and Mr. Kennedy, in Winchester.Mrs Walter Tate, of Shawhan,left Wednesday for a visit to friendoand relatives in Grand Junction,Colorado.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde H. Huffmanhave returned from a visit to MrsHuffman's grandfather, B. B. King,at Moreland, Ky.Mrs. Margaret Ninebar, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her mother,Mrs. Thos. F. Roche, and family,on Pleasant street.Miss Beulah Quinn and MasterJames Quinn have returned from avisit to London and Livingstonfriends and relatives.James W. Thompson, of Paris,accompanied by John W. Stoll, ofLexington, motored to French LickSprings, Ind., Wednesday. ..Airs Maggie Clark has returned to her home in Lexington, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott, on Houston Avenue.Girls of the younger social setin Mt. Sterling entertained lastnight with a 'dance at Ringo's Hall.Several from Paris attended.Miss Elizabeth Hill has returned to her home in Versailles aftera visit to her brother, J. Fred Hill,and Mrs. Hill, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Connell have returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in KansasCity, Mo., ond in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dejarnett,of Cynthiana, are guests of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnDejarnett, on Sixteenth stieet.Miss Frances Kenney, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Wm. Kenney,underwent a successful operationfor removal of tonsils this week.Mrs William H. McKleroy andson, Billy, of Anuiston, Alabama,are visiting Mrs. John Stuart Roberts and Mr. Roberts, at their country home, near Paris.Mrs. Homer D. Shy, of Paris,and Mrs. E. T. Brown, of Cynthiana,are at Niagara Falls. During theirabsence they will visit other pointsof interest in the East.Mrs. Mary K. Rose and daughMiss Jessie Rose, are guests thisweek of friends and relatives inCynthiana and Harrison county.Mr. and Mrs. John Yerkes entertained with a dinner party attheir apartments in the Bobneelbuilding, in honor of Mr. and Mrs.Lucien Buck, of South America.Mrs Clyde Keller is visitingMrs. Robert Higgins, in Lake Providence, La., formerly Mrs. HowardEdwards, of Taris.Henry Meade has returned tohis home in Bloomington, Indiana,after a visit to Lunceford Talbottand family, in this city.Mr. rnd Mrs. J. O. Marshall andDr. and Mrs. Harry E. Mathers havereturned from a ten-days' sojourn atWest Baden Springs, Indiana. .Mrs. Ollie Carter and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carter, ofLouisville, arc visiting friends andrelatives in this city and county.Mrs. Walter Dempsey, of Newpoit, is a guest of Mrs. MargaretNinaber at the home of her mother,Mrs. Thos. Roche, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Callie Thomas Nichols enteitained at cards yesterday afternoon at the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. Will Thohias, on Eighthstreet.Mrs. G. C. Hamilton has returned to her home in Indianapolis,Ind., after a visit to her sister, Mrs.Grant Robinson, and Mr. Robinson,in this city.Mrs. Rice Worthington and twosons, of Jacksonville, Florida, areare guests of Mrs. Garrett Jeffersonand Mrs. Maria Blake, of SouthMain street.Mr. and .Mrs. W. Ed. Tuckerhave returned from a combined business and pleasure trip to NewYork and other points of interestin the East.Walter S. Meng, of North Middletcwn, president of the BourbonCounty Farm Bureau, is attendingthe Duroc-Jersey sales in Indianapolis, this week.Forrest McClanahan, of Cypresstreet, has taken a clerical positionwith Parraket Mineral Water andGrocery Co., at the corner of Mainand Tenth streets.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Turner, ofLos Angeles, California, are guestsof Mr. Turner's mother, Mrs. Edward Turner, and other relatives inthis city and county.Misses Fiances Beatty. of Lexington, Katherine Tarr, of Millersburg, and Rebecca Payne, of Paris,are guests of Mrs. Florence HedgesAdair, near this city.J. F. Thqmas, of the Murray& Thomas Monumental Works, isattending the sessions of the National Monumental Manufacturers'Association, at St. Louis.Marion Douglass has returned"to Middlesboro after spending- hisvacation in this city with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jajmes Douglass,of Main and Eleventh streets.Miss Frances Johnson, of Huntington, W-st Va.. is a guest of hermother, Mrs. W. A. Johnson, and hersisters, Mrs. J. Simms Wilson andMrs. Clell Turney, in this city. iMr. and Mrs. Overton Harberhave returned to their home in Rich-imond, after a visit to Mrs. Harber'smother, Mrs. Laura Wiggins, andbrother, John Wiggins, near Paris.N. H. Eckler, of the A. F.Wheeler Furniture Co.. and brother,Thos. Eckler, of Millersburg, aremaking an automobile tour takingin Cincinnati, Liberty and Indianapolis, Indiana.Miss Elizabeth Johnson, ofClintonville, underwent a successfuloperation for appendicitis, at theMassie Memorial Hospital, Monday,performed by Drs. Kenney andStoeckenger.Mrs. Keith Phillips and littleson, Marion Keith Phillips, of Atlanta, Ga., are guests at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. James Douglass, inthis city. Mr. Phillips, who accompanied them here, has returned toAtlanta.Breckinridge Crouch, of Vinita,Oklahoma, is visiting relatives inthis city and county. Mr. Crouchleft Bourbon county twenty-threeyears ago, and located in the West,where he has been ' successful inbusiness.A. L. Boatright has returnedfrom Missouri, where he was calledlast week by the death of his mother. He was accompanied by hisniece. Miss Lucille Boatright, whowill make her hosme here. Mr, tfoat-1 - Mare pony and ,cart. Home Phoneright has gone to Stanford, where he j 133.is conducting the -song service In j (lt) MRS GE0 TvicWILLIAMS.rMrs. Earl Smith and children,who have been guests of Mr. andMrs. Walter Clark, in this city, forseveral days, returned Wednesdayto their home in -Kansas City, Mo.William Marshall has returnedfrom a visit in Cynthiana, accompanied by Miss Sara Curie, who willbe guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Marshall and son, at their home on Second street.7Iiss Elsie Heller, Field Secretary of the Young Womens' Christian Association, with headquartersat Richmond, Va., is spending hervacation with her parents, Mr. andMrs. P. II. Heller, on Second street.Mrs. Lonnie Graves and daughters, Misses Lillian and Dorothy,and Mr. and Mrs. Ranson Plunkettand children have returned from avisit to friends and relatives inStamping Ground and Georgetown.Stanford-Interior Journal: "Mr.sJesse Traylor, of Corbin, is herewith her husband's mother, Mrs. A.T. Traylor, who has been very illfor a week. Mr. Traylor was hereto see his mother the latter part ofthe week."Cynthiana Democrat: "MissNettie Carmichael has returned froma visit to her sister, Mrs. ElmerAlcClain, in Paris.... Mr. ElmerBrewsaugh was here this week fromCorbin, his headquarters. His fajmily still reside in Paris."Editor Wm, Bruce Miller andbride will return to-day from theirhoneymoon trip to New York andpoints in the East. On their return7fr. and Mrs. Miller stopped over atAshland for a visit to Mr. Miller'ssister, Mrs. Alice Miller Preston.Miss Ruth Bowles, of St. Louib;,Mo., is the attractive guest of MissElizabeth Tarr, at her home nearParis. Miss Bowles has been honorguest at a number of social functions given recently. Others willbe given in her honor the comingweek.Seeing is BelievingWe want all to come and SEE the wonderful lineof bargains at Simon's Closing Out Sale.It's merchandise you need now 'Merchandise you will need a little later.Just read the following low prices and see for Iyourseir.A line of Ribbons up to 6 inches wide, selling outprice, psr yard ; 1 OcA large lot of 30c towels at 21c eachWarner Bros, make Corsets 98cCorset Covers at 33cLadies' Hose at 23cChildren's Sox at 1 5cA large line of White Goods, worth up to 90c per yard, at. .59cMadras Cloth , 75c quality, at 52 1 -2cA line of Striped Messalines, $3.50 quality, to closeout at ' $ 1 .79A big selection of Silks, 36 inches wide, worth upto $3.50 per yard, at $ 1 .98All Crepe de Chenes and Georgettes on hand, $3.50values, at this closing out sale at ". $ 1 .98Motor Cloth at 69c and 39cBig Reductions in Our Ready-to-Wear and MillineryDepartmentsFOR SALETwo Rugs, slightly used.II sell reasonable.Hrl ft r TSIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYAA1WONDERFULSALEFor Sale,F WONDERFUL DRAPERIESREMARKABLE REDUCTIONSSale Begins Monday, Aug. 16thAnd is For Cash OnlyE believe that we have assembled the most beau-i.I WW !ful and complete line of Draperies ever broughtto Paris. You should take immediate advantage ofthis offering. In a large city our whole display would notlast one hour if priced as low as ours will be. We expectto reduce the whole line from twenty to fifty per cent."See OurShow WindowiCome early and secure the best. Some short lengthswill be especially attractive.WHEN YOU BUY YOURDRAPERIES HANG THEM ONKIRSCH RODSDon't Forget Monday, August 16thTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AN MinTMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking11HB1rwi-f-r AGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 20,. 1520itslirQfik Hill vIiIh iniiMiBMBBBBBBBWk!$ildtoot lieepsnig nair neaitmj ir "By using "Wildroot regularly, I keep Htny seal p entirely free from the itchingS crust of dandruff, the cause of most zzS hair trouble. I owe my luxuriant hairC the envy of my friends to this jS guaranteed dandruff remedy." jE Wildroot Liquid Shampoo or WildrootShampoo Soap, used in. connection with.S Wildroot Hair Tonic, will iiasten the t:treatment.iWBlTOOOTfg THE GUARANTEED HAIR TONICE Fcr scfc here under a zmoney-back guarantee EBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.Richness of the Sea.Every ton of water contains onegrain of gold. There are over fourthousand million tons of water in acubic mile, and the oceans are estimated to contain three hundred millioncubic miles of water. Thus it is easyto reckon the amount of gold in thesea. It is about 00.000,000 tons.STATE DEPARTMENT STEPS TOAID POLANDBethraann-Hollweg- admits thathe did it with his little think tank.WASHINGTON, Aug. 19. . TheState Department took its first stepin aid ot Poland under the Colbynote Monday, when it ordered theNavy Department to dispatch threewarships to the Paltic.Josephus Daniels, Secretary, immediately announced that he haddirected the cruiser Pittsburg andtwo destroyers now at Cherbourg,France, to start at once.It is understood these vessels willrendezvous off Danzig with the British and French squadrons.The American commander is expected officially to act independently. The only explanation of this spectacular move given by the Government is "that an American squadron will observe conditions hiPoland."It was pointed out by officialsthat the dispatch of warships wasthe most drastic step the Presidentcould take without consent of Congress.i j. ne iuxecuuve is empowered iucall upon the navy and to land marines whenever American interestssre imperiled.Both army and navy officials declared that the fall of Warsawwould be followed by an advance ofa Soviet army up the Polish corridor for the purpose of seizing Danzig. If Danzig is taken by the Soviet,American, French and British marines undoubtedly will be landed,it is said, as each of those nationswill be obliged to protect their nations.Plan to Spend Labor Day AtTHE SHADESIndiana's Most Picturesque ResortExcellent Accommodations Well Marked HighwaysFREE ROAD MAPS FURNISHED ON REQUESTJ. FRISZ, ManagerTill Aug' 27 --FWAVELAND, IND.Twenty Five Yearsof Successproves thatthe originator of--?PostVGITcJcLlwas building upon a' sure foundationwhen he devised this most famousof all cereal beverages."Where one used it in place of coffee,in the beginning, tens of thousandsdrink it todaand prefer it to coffee.Healthful, delightful to taste andsatisfying to every one at table.Pcsturn fa now recognized as coffee'sone and only great competitor amongthose Vho delight in a coffee-likeflavor.Sold everywhere by GrocersMade by Postum Cereal Co., Inc.Battle Creek, Michigani6First Mortgage Gold BondsThe Standard Safe 6 Investment BecauseiThey are first mortgages on definitepieces of choice improved Louisvillej Real Estate.They yield 6 net from date of purI chase.They are not subject to market fluctuations.They are safe from labor troublesand economic changes.Their" purchase is a confidential matter. They are backed by the ConsolidatedRealty Company, with assets of$1,000,000, and a record of 20 yeanwithout a loss to investors.MATURITIES FROM 1 TO 12 YEARS, IN AMOUNTS OF $100,-$500f-$1,000.Write today for further Information.CONSOLIDATED REALTY CO.. S. Wootlev.Mmnager Bond Department.231 SOUTH FIFTH CTREET, LOUISVILLE, KY.C C. Hleatt,President.Henry M. Johnmn,Secretary.DRINKOERTELSMDOUBLE-DAKKJhe Drink that Leaves a Pleasant MemoryHave it in your home at all timesThe OERTEL Co, Louisville, Ky.IncorporatedvMakert of Oertels Double Dark, Oertels Dark and Oertels Light. Martin Chmkal C., Distributors, Winchester, Ky.(Till Amg 27-F)ITALIAN FRUIT SELLER LEAVESBIG FORTUNENEW YORK, Aug. 19. Mrs. Domenica Zazzalli who was buried fromher Newark tenement recently, leftan estate of $185,000 the proceedsof a little fruit stand she kept thirtyyears at Broadway and MarketStreets- She leaves two grown sons,who will share the estate.Mrs. Zazzalli's stand was knownto thousands of Newarkers. It wasat Molzhauer's drug store in the business heart of the city. In all weather "Mother," as she was called, wasat her stand.. When her husband "died, seventeenyears ago, they had a little property,but since then Mrs. Zazzalli acquiredmore by gradual stages until she hadseveral tenements. All were of thetype in which $8 and $9 was theaverage monthly rental.In all her seventeen years as alandlady Mrs. Zazzalli raised therent once $1 a year ago.It is estimated by her relatives thatshe gave away $15,000, practicallyall in uncollected rentals. Any tenant would be relieved of paying rentby misfortune, such as illness ordeath in the family or the loss of ajob. It is said few of her tenantscheated. Her charitable nature wastoo well known through the Italiancolony for any one to attempt it.PAINTER AFRAIBTO CLIMB LADDERAfter Trying Everything His WifeGets Tanlac Gains Fourteen Pounds."After the way Tanlac relievedmy wife of rheumatism, I decided totry it for my own troubles, and theresults with me have been fully asremarkable as in the case of mywife," said Joseph B. Batting, thewell-known contracting painter liing at 244 Bouquet averue, Youngstown, Ohio."I had been in very bad healthfor about two years. My stomachwas so upset that I couldn't eat athing without suffering terribly afterwards, and in fact, I lost all desire to eat. My nerves got so badthat I was afraid to clipnb a ladderand I hardly had strength enoughto lift a paint bucket. I often hadto quit work and go home and liedown, and for the three weeks before I started on Tanlac I hadn'tbeen able to do a stroke of work."As all the other medicines thaI had taken failed to do any good,I decided to try the medicine thathad been such a blessing to mywife, and being too weak to fetchit myself she went down town andbought a bottle."I only wish I had taken it longbefore I did, for it would have saved me untold misery and a pile ofmoney, too. Why, the very first bottle seemed tv set.tle my stomachend to give me a new appetite, andnow after taking five bottles I amlike a brand new man."I have a tremendous appetiteand never have any trouble withmy stomach. I have already gained fourteen pounds in weight andam so much btronger that I can doas much work as any man on thejob. Both my wife and I feel tenyears younger since Tanlac has gotten rid of our trouble.'- and Ave thinkthere is no medicine in the worldlike it."We will be glad to tell anyone,either personally or by letter, aboutthe way Tanlac has helped us, andwe strongly recommend it to all whoimay be suffering as we did."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)GERMAN MADE GOODS SHIPPEDTO MEXICO.er-WASHINGTON, Aug. 19man goods shipped into Mazatlan,Mexico, stood second in value onlyto shipments from the United Statesduring May, Consul Chapman reported to the Department of commerce.Of a total of $210,286 worth ofvarious commodities imported atMazatlan during the month the United States sent $143,083 worth andGermany $64,041.This is the first record of the arrival of goods from Germany at thisport since the war the Consul said.LEMON JUICE...tiDEPENDED UPONIT 20 YEARSLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Has BeenThis Woman's SafeguardAll That Time.Omaha, Neb. "I have used Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for overtwenty years for female troubles and ithas helped me verymuch. I have alsoused Lydia E. Pinkham's SanativeWash with good results. I always havea bottle of VegetableCompound in thehouse as it is a goodremedy in time ofneed. You canpublish my testistatement I havetrue." Mrs. J. O.Elmquist, 2424 S. 20th Street, Omaha,Nebraska.Women who suffer from those distressing ills peculiar to their sex shouldbe convinced by the many genuine andtruthful testimonials we "are constantlypublishing in the newspapers of theability of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to restore their health.To know whether Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound will help you, tryit! For advice write to Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential), Lynn,Mass. Your letter -will be opened, readand answered by a woman, and held instrict confidence.Attention, Wheat Growers !Don't Forget We Are in the Market frorYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.monialmadeas everyis perfectlvWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78Junel5-3mPARIS, KENTUCKYFOR FRECKLESGirls! Make beauty lotion lor fa few cents Try It!Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of orchard white, shake welland you will have a quarter pint ofthe best freckle and tan lotion, andkomplexion beautifler, at very, verysman cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands eachday and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, softand rosy-white the skin becomes.Yes! It is harmless and never Irritates. (adv-tf-F)One of the troubles with the farniis that the man with the hoe wouldrather come to the city and be theman with a ho-hum.Wilhelm Hohenzollern may saw alot of wood, but he cuts no ice.Service Taxi Co.(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. R. MASTERS0N, Prop.Both 'Phones 204.Taxi and Track Service Day andNight.Will Rim One Car Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.ER!LUMBWe are now cutting two miliion feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentucky1W:hWhen Better Automobile Are Built,Buick Will Build ThemTHIS big seen passenger Buick Model K-49is the ideal family car of the Buick series. Itslarge roomy tonneau and luxurious seats are rilledwith comfort.Its finish and design combine both beauty andrefinement, readily attracting the attention of thosewho take pride in ownership.The Buick Valve-in-Head motor furnishes surpluspower, assuring the usual Buick economical serviceand endurance. rThese qualities of construction have increased thiscar's popularity to such a degree that purchaserswho delay in placing their orders experience difficulty in securing desired delivery.11B52Somehow, in spite of its leaders,' the world progresses. t , "The OS. Ball1 ":. a i-!J';.tr5J .- .-Cor. Fourth and Pleasant Sits. -"-& .tfctf--J--St, Miff-$v vFRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1920THb BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPACKflVKN1-SOVIET RUSSIA WON'T PAY RUSSIA'S FRENCH DEBT..ar '.JJBP rette to meet PVfW flfet m your taste! p. IojPcB UHIaBViBL. ytUB M an JH a HaL aaaaaaaaaav' P iM KB Lh E, HF &aS aaaaaaanaaaaaW. n awaw" aar aVSVHHBflHiHHBHSlJl i tMtfinaiaaHalalaHHavaaB If Pfr ' !aaaHataaaaW"rMaHaVYes Sir-eeJ We made this ciga-CAMELS have wonderful full-bodied mellow-mUdness and a flavor asrefreshing as it is new.Camels quality and Camels expertblend of choice Turkish and choiceDomestic tobaccos win you on merits.Camels blend never tires your taste. And,Camels leave no unpleasant cigaretty aftertastenor unpleasant cigaretty odor!What Camels quality and expert blend canmean to your satisfaction you should findout at once! It will prove our say-so whenyou compare Camels with any cigarettein the world at any price!Camel. arm meld ermrrwkere in danfii((r ' ptckJLSiidgaretf; or tat pmckmfm 200 dgmrmttrnm) ut m i??'?merton. We etrongly recommend thia carton for the home or offioapply or rrhen yom traveLR. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO,Winston-Salem. N. CGIRL BOOKKEEPER HELD DPBANDITSPHILADELPHIA, Aug. 19. Heldup by two armed bandits, PaulineRuvinsky, 22-year-old bookkeeper,fought desperately to retain possession of an envolope containing $1,500of her employers' payroll moneywhich she .had just drawn from bank.She was thrown to the street andthe money wrested from her hands.Hundreds of pedestrains stood by.The bandits jumped into a stolenmotor car and dashed through crowded street, closely pursued.They crashed into an elevated railway pillar, wrecking the machine.Thy got away but the money wasrecovered.I"BBBBBBBBBBB1flBsnihHbIHBkhmISUPERIOR WOOLEN MILLSAt 122 N. LinwstoneLEXINGTON, KY.flBflBBflBflflflflflflflflflYOURMany Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying Kidney Ills.Are you bothered with too frequent action of the kidneys? Arethe secretions highly colored dothey contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris people recommend Doan's Kidney Pills. Ifyoui back aches and your kidneysare weak you will find no better recommended remedy.Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, sajs: "I havehad three or four attacks of lumbagom the past few years, the first being the worst. There was a constant, dull ache in my back all thetime and often sharp, cutting painsdarted through it. It sometimesseemed as though I could hardlyendure the misery. I tried differentremedies with no good results. Iheard of Doan's Kidney Pills andprocured them from the ArderyDrug Co. The first box helped meand .1 continued taking thejm untilcured. ' Attacks since then have always been slight. Doan's KidneyPills have never failed to relieveme."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney lemedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Mil -burnCo., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)BERLIN, Aug. 19. Sovet Russia will not pay the 30,000,000,000francs debt Czaristic Russia owedto France.Soviet Russia is ready to makepublic ajrnends to Germany for themurder of Count Mirbach, GermanAmbassador to Moscow, in 1918.There is no secret treaty betweenGermany and Russia.The authority for the above statements is Wigdor Kopp, SovietFmissary to Berlin, who has returned here from a visit to Moscow withgreatly enlarged powers.In an inteiview he characterizedPresident Wilson's note relative toSoviet Russia and issued fromWashington a few days ago as "adeteritorated edition of the 14points.""The father of the 14 points," hecontinued, "who strikingly hasshown o the world what a contradiction there can be between wordsend deeds, U' just the man to reproach us for what he dcelares tobe a contradiction between wordsand acts."He expressed doubt as to whetheror not the greater part of the American public was in accord wih thePresident's note '"mixing in otherpeople's business.""Despite all its jmany moralphi asps," he continued, "it seemsto us that the present Administration is the most reactionary Government the American public has hadin decades, and The French Government seems to be the most stupid."One thing is certain," he said,discussing the proposed peace withPoland, "The French can stand ontheir heads and the English dowhat they please, but it will notdissuade us from disarming imperialistic Poland so that Poland willnot attack us again."After the sacrifices we havemode to defend ourselves, disarmanent is a duty we owe to the Russian public. Eastern ethnographiclirwes of Poland will be respected.What is to be done with the western bounds ry remains to be seen."France simply is forcing us toconduct another war against General Wrangel, and there can be nodoubt about his fate. It will be thesame as that of Yudenitch and Denikine. "The question of Russia's debtto Fiance car be regarded as settled. It cannot come up for consideration again. The action ofFrance relieves the Soviet Government fiom assuming the debt."The persistent reports that thereis a seciet f.grement between Soviet Russia and Germany can tnascribed only to the French as apneai'S of veilling their intentionsto seize additional German territory."The Fiench are actuated by primitive instincts and are seeking toconstrue a cause which they thinkwould justify them in marchinginto the Ruhr and taking it fromGermany."The Soviet Government is arranging to make amends to Germanyfor the murder of Count Mirbach.Mirbach was not the victim of theSoviet Governpnent, 'but of a counter revolutionary government. Moithan 200 persons were executedfor participating in the attemptedcoup."It is said that the matter ofamends has been taken up with theForeign Office. What its form is tobe has not been determined. It maybe the firing of a formal salute orthe placing of a wreath upon theAmbassadors grave.GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURESTO JUMP IN SEPTEMBERWASHINGTON, Aug. 19 Government expeditures during September probably will take a jump ofnearly $900,000,000, it was estimated by Treasury officials, nearly twothirds of this sum representingstraight-out payments of the railroads. The roads will have computed theamounts due them under the Government's guarantee against loss for thesix months ending September by themiddle of the month, it was said. TheInterstate Commerce Commission hasestimated that the total guaranteewhich will have to be paid will runbetween $500,000,000 and $600,000,:000.PROMINENT CANADIAN IS SENTBACK HOMENEW YORK, Aug. 19. ArthurEcrement, former, member of theCanadian House of Parliament,whose name was drawn into NewYork's "five million dollar bondplot,'" was secretly deported, to Canada Tuesday night, is was learnedat Ellis Island.DriWaddell'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedmi rati yott hare tried Dr. Waddell'sPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to give absolute satisfaction ornoaey refunded. $1.50 per bottle at youriroffist If not write us.s. - - S;nfriiTrTi vjrEVENINGS0itwn?i5? !flUflEDedicfheCaISmtfeCroVeJCvBROOKS & NAPP,Paris. XiuckyJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSiran her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her eiestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy fiickerine; Gas.But the erirl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InoorpAiated)A SURE TIP"Put Your Money on One of OurSuits and YOU CANT LOSE!You'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Values$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, UnderwearV6ovSHiilliioiflJBSMi Mm iemmm zfiloch Summer Clothe"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor) -'v"THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not teso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand;so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.txi:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.XImniiiilililililjiiisigiiajgHggagggggB-gg-ggggggggg'giSS-S5aaHCTflWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W. SPICERI MAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEflXIXIXI;Xisjr- x-1 iI "i. y'PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1 120fITHE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND I Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 31cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 21cMILLERSBURGDEATHS..rEdwaid Marr, of Georgia, is agust of his sister, Mrs. W. D. Mclaityre. Miss Newell, of Maysville, is aSaest at the home of IJr. and Mrs.3 I. DinmiittRITCHBYHamlet H. Richey, aged fort-! five, a well-known and highly respected farmer residing near Hooktown, died at his hqme after an illness of several days from typhoidMiss Ruth Cooper, of Doyles- fever. The funeral was held at tetrille. Tenn., is a guest of Mrs.W&tfell Beeding.Mrs. Miller a-nd son, Emil.suests of Mrs. P. P. Adams, aretJsifing friends and relatives inIsidngton.Rev. W. W. Moiton, Mrs. Morgan -and children are visiting inCe3arviIIe, Ohio. Since the pastorTKill be absent, there will be no services in the Presbyterian churchSunday.Rev. W. J. Slater, of Millersburg, is conducting a revival meeting-in the Christian church atMoorefield, in Nicholas county. Onatesount of this there will be no serYise at the Millersburg church Sun-An airplane was the prime attraction in Millersburg, Tuesday.Several citizens enjoyed rides in thesctachine. which circled over the cityString several rejmarkable stunts.Tha plane landed in the pasture of3r. C. W. Mathers, near town, forthe starting point.Amity Lodge, F. & A. M., ofBOHcrsburg, was well representedatfc Xixe anniversary celebration ofB&ugherty Lodge, in Carlisle, Yedaesday. The dinner served on thiseeas5n by ihe Indies of Carlislesurpassed anything ever given int&at line on the same grounds.wtofcre hundreds of picnics have beenlk3d in the past.THE SICK. There is -no imjKwrement in the condition of Mr.Sasford M. Allen, cashier of inM81ersburg Deposit Bank, who wasjfc&eiitly stricken with paralysis.Hs condition is still critical. Mrs.S. J. Mann has been ery ill for several days. Mrs. Fannie Norton anrtMrs. Anna Darnall remain about-a&e same. Mr. John Tcpn Judy, whoas very ill with typhoid fever, isdoing as well as could be expected.The body of Mrs. Elizabeth CorTittgton, who died in Indianapolis,tts brought to this city and interim oit the' family lot in the Millerstosrg Cemetery, Tuesday. Servicesycttre conducted ar the grave byIter. P. F. Adams, pastor of theMillersburg Methodist church. Mrs.3!wrrington was the widow of Stephen Corrington, brother of C. TV".orrington, of Millersburg. Theo&y was accompanied by her sister; Mrs. Minnie Rule, who hadfcsen" at her bedside for some time,aatd her niece, Mrs. McWethy, ofQreencastle, Ind., a nephew, JErnsst Comer, of Indianapolis. Mrs.Jos. B". Cray, of Millersburg, andSire.. W. S. Judy, of Lexington, areatsc her nieces.family home, followed by burial inthe Mt. Pleasant burying giound, inNicholas county. Mr. Ritchey issurvived by his widow, four children and two brothers, one of whom,J Homer Richey, resides in Paris.HAYNES.Ellsworth D. Haynes, aged "seventy-five.General Auditor and member of the Board of Directors of theUnion Central Life Insurance Co.,of Cincinnati, died recently at theChrist Hospital, in Cincinnati, wherehe had oeen a patient for some time.Mr. Haynes had been a resident ofMilford, Ohio, for the past .thirtyyears. He was a brother of the la toH. D. Haynes, a former resident olParis, Avhere he was manager of theParis Distilling Co. He i survivedby one son and one daughter. Thefuneral and burial took place atMilford.oMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday fiom the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Miss Margaret Brophy, 2S, and John T.Minozue, 27, both of Paris.Marriage licenses were grantedMonday by County Clerk PearcePaton to Roy McKenzie, of Paris,and Miss Catherine Wells, of Rockcastle County: Henry McCann andMiss Mayme W. Bolton, both ofLexington. Both couples were married by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Christian church, at his homeMonday afternoon.CASE LOCKNANE.Miss Mary Case and AlartinLocknane, both of Clark county,came to Paris, Tuesday afternoon,&nd were married by County JudgeGeorge Batterton, in his privateoffice in the court house. They returned tc Winchester, Tuesdaynight, and will reside at the groom'shome near that city.THEWhite Mctoi Co.orSorth Middletown, Ky.Will be pleased tohave you call andinspect their newgarage.CLEVELANDiandCHANDLERCARSTires, Tubes and Accessories.Repair Work on Any Car.HORNER YOUTSEY.Henry E. Youtsey, who servednineteen years in the Frankfortpenitentiary, and who was pardoned about three years ago, was married Saturday night, it becamerecame known recently. Youtseywas-, married to Miss Liilie M. Horner, of Covington. The Rev. JamesM. Crutchfield, pastor of Old TaylorMethodist Church, performed thecaiemony. Youtsey is representinga lighting company in NorthernKentucky.TODAY, FRIDAYWant a thrill? Enjoy action? Something full of two-fisted,red-blooded manhood? Lots of action, heart interest and suspense? We have it for you. It'sDouglas Fairbanks' HIS NEWEST AND GREATEST PICTUREALSO SNUB POLLARD COMEDY, "START THE SHOW,"and WARNER OLAND, IN "THE THIRD EYE"TOMORROW, SATURDAYMary Miles Minier "PeggyKS"Pretty Peg of the "Sally Ann" an adorable maid in adelightful play of summer-time and love. As clean andwholesome as a breath from the sea as sunshiny as the shoreon a day in June.LARRY SEMON '. "The Stage Hand",You may have seen funny films, but Larry Semon in this- riot of mirth beats them all. You'll chuckle for days at it.Added Attraction R F A M Y F The MysteryTODAY AND TOMORROW l LA 11 I I "ALL NEXT WEEK!2 ADDED ATTRACTIONS 2MAHER AND DUPLERTwo Dainty MissesAnd, Oh! But They Can Sing!MISS RUTH DENICEThe Girl From Shantley's, N. Y. CityAnd "She's Some Rag Singer!"Gregg' 3 Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningmarried recently at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. L. A.Tripp, in Little Rock, this county.The bride is a daughter of John W.Clay, of Moorefield, and is a very attractive young woman. She has forsome time been bookkeeper in theHarper Garage, at Carlisle. Thegroom is an industrious and popularyoung farmer. He served with theA. E. F., in France during theworld-war. Both young people havemany friends in Paris. Immediatelyafter the ceremony they left forLouisville on a honeymoon trip.They will make their home inMoorefield.oY. M. C. A. NOTESBROPHY MINOGUEMiss Margaret Brophy and Mr.John T. Minogue, both of Paris,were united in marriage yesterdaymorning at the Church of the Annunciation, in this city, the pastor,Rev. Father Thomas Coleman, performing the nupital ceremony. Thebride is the attractive daughter ofMr. and Mrs. John Brophy, of Paris.The srocim is in the employ of theLouisville & Nashville at this point,as car repairer. Mr. and Mrs.Minogue will reside in P?ris.The Y. M. C. A. Religious Committee announces the following named men in the Bourbon County delegation attending the Adult BibleClass and Church Efficiency Conference at Camp Daniel Boone, Aug.21-24: Messrs. Harry Baldwin, C.C. Cook, W. T. Talbott, Frank Collier, J. T. Tucker, H. A. Power, J.Cairol Bryan, J: W. Brown, D. Y. L.Farlev. Additional naimes will beKEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe handsome home of Mrs J. U.Eoardman, on 'Seventh, street, wasoffered at public sale Wednesday afternoon, by Harris, Speakes & Harris. The property was bid up to$9,450, and withdrawn when thatfigure had been reached. The furniture and other household articleswere sold at good prices.RELIGIOUS.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHSubject for Sunday, Aug. 22,3 920, morning service: "God's(Need." Evening service: "Thornsi and Crowns To Let." Both sermonsby the pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie.Sunday School at 9:30 a. m., andadded to the list when the commit- .Eveiybodjr weCome.LtJU ;uiiiyiCLes liic tauvaoa iu-ua;It's Real LimestoneWith That Red Clay SubsoilA SECTION OF ITBurley tobacco, grain, grass find stock farm, with less than 10acres waste land. Abundance never-failing springs. Fenced. Onpike 6 miles rom steam and internrban station; one mile from boatlanding: 16 miles above Louisville; church and school on farm; sixhouses; four large tobacco barns; three stock barns ; four conciete stoneand two wooden silos ; feeding capacity 210 thousand pound , steers.Growing crops show quality of soil, large acreage tobacco 1919, averaged 1,300 lbs. a dry year. Visit farm and talk with the many contented Kentuckians, who have purchased land in community. UntilSeptember 2, priced at $175 per acre. Tinder certain conditions soldin separate tracts. Write, telephone or telegraph owner.E. J. MILESR. R. 1, CHARLESTOWN, CLARK CO., IND.A Prescription MerelyHelps Nature to GetStarted Again : : : :BOLTON- -McCANN.The marriage of Miss MaymeW. Bolton and Mr. Henry W. McCann, both of Lexington, was solemnized in this city Monday afternoon, at the home of the officiatingminister. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian ehuicft.. "ineattendants were Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Worthington, of Lexington.The bride is a Lexington business woman, holding a position asbookkeeper with the Fayette MotorCo. She is a daughter of Mrs. MaryBolton. The groom is a son of thelate Benj. McCann, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. McCann will residein Lexington, where the groom isengaged in the automobile business.CLAY SEAM ONDS.Miss Clarme Clay and Earl K.Seamonds, both of the Moorfield vicinity, in Nicholas county, wereYes, we know there are peoplewho claim that such and such "cured" them but it didn't, natureeffected the "cure" herself natureaided and perhaps whipped ifp toextra effort by a prescription. Butthe prescription ust first be ordertd by a docto- who has gone intoyour case, who has determined uponyour actual personal needs; whofinds out in just what particularway nature has i alien down, andwho knows what is needed.Then we, as druggists, follow hisrders exactly and thus furnish thehelp to nature. Again we say, seeyour doctor, then see us.R. j. SHEAPEOPLES' PHAMACYMosquitoesand RatsHow To GetRid of ThemWe have the goods. Something entirely different fromwhat you have been using.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.The Bible hours at the conferencewill be in charge of Dr. John K.Sampey, of Louisville, member of jthe International Sunday School jLesson Committee. A special feature of the Conference will be the ,session on Church Efficiency incharge of Dr. F. A. Ager, of NewYork, the well-known expert ofChurch Efficiency.The Religious Work Committee jof the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. !is planning to resume the Gospelteam work carried on two years ago, jand is arranging for all members of Ithe teams to attend the Conference. IMr. Harrison, General Secretary,will accompany the delegation. Theconference is under the auspices othe Kentucky State Sunday SchoolAssociation and the Kentucky StateY. .M. C. A.The Women's Swimming Committee of the Y. M. C. A. is planning tohold the final swimming meet of theseason on Tuesday, August 23, at7:30 p. m.. The following events make the pro-ram:1. Demonstration oi tne ionowing strokes: Breast strokes, sidestroke, side overarm, back stroke andcrawl stroke.2. Dives: Plain front standing,Plain front running, back dive,plunge for distance, original selection. 3. Races: For younger girls, 1length; for older girls, 2 lengths; forwomen, 1 length; two minute distance swim.4. Novelty stunts.The following will act as judges:Miss Harriet Rogers, Miss PatsyClark and Mrs. N. A. Moore.Ribbons will be awarded winnersin each event, and to the highestpoint winner. 4Competition is open to BourbonCounty residents.Only a limited number of spectators can be accommodated.Only ladies will be admitted.BOUPvBON FARMING CONDITIONSThe heavy rains are about overand the heaviest corn and tobaccocrops ever produced in this countyare indicated. Ten days ago bothcrops were threatened with drouth.Cutting of the tobacco crop will bedelayed until about the last week inthis -iiontli. The rains have freshened the pastures, and they now givegood promise of fine fall grazing.The increased acreage of wheatMid rye is predicted for this fall.The tobacco crop is the best mmany years, the same being true ofthe oats and May.Shipjments of livestock are goingforward daily, and large , flocks orheep and' droves of cattle are goingihiough the streets of Pans almostovery day, destined for the markets.In the last few days over 2,000lambs and 1,000 head of cattle havebeen shipped to the outside 'markets.Caywood & McClintock shipped aarload of hogs to the Cincinnati"larfcet that cost them $13.50 periundred pounds, and another loadof butcher cattle costing from fourto ten cents a pound. ?fMi kw she ftli wkMSTOCKof Summer Shoes and OxfordsNO'VSr OlST SALEAT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES FOR IMMEDIATE DISPOSALNOW at this sale! We areoffering the greatest and best shoevalues you have seen this year. Remember our entire stock of Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear goes inthis sale regardless of cost.Just a Few of the Many Wonderful Shoe Bargainsti&kdSmEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES 0 AJCLReduced to 90i"rwBeautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high ndlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES 0 QBReduced to 09b79Newest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.5.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's $1.50 and ?2.00 SlippersOn Sale at $1.00See Bargain Counters !S4.95$8.00 to $9.00 GradesReduced toBrown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlySpecial Price on Suede PumpsRegula price $14.00,now$5.95Greatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcin54konc54 W.Paris, Xf .v.AVi .JkJjjl.r:AA ... ... -.- - A-feat..rtfri ikA.X.fcijSn. .aabJh...