lt -H '"&rviTHE& . V ..,-&'NEWSpPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.BOURBONXVOLUME XL?ABIS COMMEECIAL CLUB TOHOLD COMMITTEE MEETINGSTiis week will mark several committee meeting to further the orgau7ition of the Parrs CommercialClub Ed. Gorey, who is chairmanof tho department of Organizationaffairs, ha? appointed 'several chairiMPn who will, in turn, appoint theireoinmitteejmen. The size of the committees will range from five toeleven. Hugh Brent, of the ParisMilling Company, has been appointed by Mr. Gorey as head ofihe membership committee. Thiscommittee will consider "means ofVuildkig up the jmembership of theorganizution. Sherman Stivers hasbeen appointed chairman of the pubWu and advertising committee.He will nr me representatives of thepres to serve with him and hasilKd a meeting for Wednesdaynigh:. The committee will considerthe advisability of issuing a bookletof information about Paris, as welljs a bulletin which would be mailedto the entire membership at regularintervals.An entertainment committee,headed by Rudolph Davis, will meetin a day or two to arrange a programfor a membership meeting to be heldmi the near future. The committeewill decide on some subject for forumdiscussion and arrange a programof entertainment.Mr. Gorey has appointed a financecommittee composed of M. P. Collier,B. M. Renick, and C. K. Thomar.7le will serve as an ex-officio memberof all committees in his department.The other two departments are thoseof business affairs and public affairs, headed by M. P. Collier andJohn J. Williams, respectively. Theyill appoint their committees on thebasis of the referendum, which hasbeen distributed amonk the membership, asking the members to statetheir preference as to committee service as well as tov the projects theclub should undertake. These referenda are expected to be returned tothe club early this week.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1920PARIS BOY STABS IN EOOTBALLUAME.VQ exin&ton papers laud verhighly the brilliant playing of Robt.J.avm, of Paris, in the football gameat Lexington, Saturday, between,tne .Kentucky Universitv nrf atojyillc, Tennessee -University elevens.avm, wno is a student at the Kentucky University, is a son of Mr.and Mrs. M. J. Lavin, of Paris.The Herald's sporting wiitersays: "Robert 'Little Bobbie Lavin,of Paris, the diminutive quarterback of the Universitv of KentiiP.inrbrought fame to himself in the contest with Maryville, Saturday. Bobbie's spectacular broken field running was the outstanding featureof the game. His generalship wassuperb Bobby Lavin, the midgetquarterb&ck from Paris, furtherdemonstrated that he has improvedvastly since last season, and ran theWildcats iii perfect form. His sensational broken field running, vtogether with the splendid defensivework of John George Heber, end.was the outstanding feature of thecontest."The Leader says: "Lavin was thelife of the whole team during thefirst half and his total gains weregreater than the 'gains of all theother members of the team. Hisstyle of running is very much likethat of 'Rabbit' Curry, of Vanderbilt fame, years ago."COLORED WOMAN KILLS ANOTHER WITH RAZORkAs the result of an altercationU. D. C. MEETING.MORROW AND ERNST SPEAK TOLARGE CROWDSOne of the largest erathcrrnR nRepublicans and of members of other j which occurred in the colored suburbparties -mat nas Dten in the court U1 uiaysviJJe, about midnight Sunnouse ior many years, greeted aar. between two colored women,iwpuuiitau oe-iiauuriai nominee Rich- '"'"J' x minimis is aeaa and her asaid P. Ernst and Governor Edwin p. Isailant, Florence Flowers, is in the-rdris gan, charged with murder.The tiouble, it is' alleged, tookplace when the two women met inthe yard in Claysville, where AndvLove conducts a soft drink stand.hj cause of the difficulty has notbeen learned. The Flowers womanclaims self-defense, stating the Tirrhons woman attacked her with aknife. In defense of her life, shealleges, she drew a razor and cut herassailant, almost severing the headfrom the body. Coroner Davis andniei ot Police Link were immediaiely notified of the trouble and wer-tto Claysville, but the FlowersBLUE GRASS B. P. Y. U. ELECTSOPHCERSPARIS DEFEATS NICHOLASVILLEThe game of football at Nicholasville, Friday, between the teams ofthe Paris High School and theThrelkeld High School, of Nicholasville, resulted in a defeat for theNicholasville lads by a score of 34 to0. The Paris eleven showed a courageous spirit and gameness throughout Hie struggle on the gridiron field,and fought their way determinedlyto a sure victory.The Paris High School team andthe team from the Kentucky Wesleyan College at Winchester willplay on Wright Field, in ihis city,next Friday afternoon, October 15.The game will be called for threeo'clock. A good attendance is looked for, as Paris is prepared to put upa good article of play and will dotheir utmost to annex the scalps ofthe warriors from the Gate City.An important and well-attendedmeeting of the Richard Hawes Chapter, United D&ughters of Confederacy, was held 4 in the Confederateroom in the court house, Saturdayafternoon at three' o'clock.Interesting reports of the Statemeeting of the organization, heldsome time ago at Cynthiana, werepresented by the delegates who attended. Mrs. Russell Mann, Mrs.Harry Hancock, Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald and Mrs. Ada R:ce were appointed as delegates from the Chapter to attend the general convention,of the U. D. C, to be held at Asheville. North Caiolina. The following new officers were elected toseive for the ensuing term:Honorary President Mrs. ChasCarroll Leer; Acting President Mrs.Denis Dundon; First Vice-PresidentMrs. R.L. Wilson; Second VicePresident Mrs. J. T. Vansant; Secretary Mrs. William Garrard Taibott; Treas-urer Mrs. Joseph Hedges Ewalt; Registrar Mrs. RussellMann.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)Morrow, irriday night, when theypoke to the assembled multitude.The crowd was so large that manywere unable to gain admittance toThe big Circuit Court room, and theoverflow vas addressed from thecourt house steps by Gov. Morrow.Mr. Ernst and Governor Mnrrnwarrived from Georgetown, where theydelivered addresses in the af lei noon.Before reaching Paris they were entertained at the home of Mr. andMrs. Catesby Woodford, on theGeorgetown pike, near Paris.Mr. Ernst was introduced to theaudience by Republican CountjChairman W. A. Thomason, Mr.Ernst prefaced his speech by tellinghow he loed the people of Paris andBourbon county, and stated that as aboy he had played in the streets ofPaiis, and well remembered the totaleclipse of the san, over fifty yean:ago, watching it from a point nearthe old Paris Hotel. Mr. Ernst spokefor nearly two hours, devoting hiotime mainly to the League of Nations, interspersed with criticism ofthe Democratic policies, and told hishearers that the League of Nationsreally legalized war. He advised theUnited States to stay at home and attend to its own business. Mr. Ernstwas slightly handicapped by the fatigue of a long and tiresome campaign, but his address was wTell presented and heartily applauded.i Gov. Morrow was introduced tothe big overflow meeting by Mrs. J.A. Gilkey. There is no doubt of Gov.Morrow's popularity with t-he peopleof Paris and the county, his reception being marked by hearty applause. He addressed his hearers as"fellow Americans," and said he wasthere to talk as an American toAmericans. He devoted considerabletime to the issues of the campaignand depiored the fact that the racequestion had bee-n brought into il.He said that many speakers in thecampaign Lad talked eo much aboutother countries that they had forgotten their own. He deplored theefforts of others to bring the old raceprejudices into the campaign, andthat the Jim Crow coach law, theseparate school question, and raceequality were dead issues.At the conclusion of his dddressGov. Morrow Avas given an ovationweekfollowing offl-wo-manjid made her escape. She andher Jousbuiid secured a vehicle anddrove to Cynthiana. returning tuParis yesterday morning. They telephoned Officer George W. Judy, whomet them at the train and took thewoman to the Paris jail.Coroner Rudolph Davis summonedwitnesses to attend the inquest,which will be held at the court housethis morning. t-oNOTED SOUTHERN ORATOR TOSPEAK HERE SATURDAYThe Bourbon County DemocraticCampaign Committee, through JudgeDenis Dundon, chairman of thespeakers' bureau, has been notifiedthat Hon. Buck Oliver, of Alabama,will speak to the voters of the cityand county at the court house "inthis city at three o'clock, Saturdayafternoon, October 16.Mr. Oliver is noted through tLeSouth as a whirlwind of oratory, athunderbolt of eloquence, and neverrappier than when dealing hamjmerblows at the defense of the Republican policies. He is in great demand,and the fact that Bourbon county hasbeen secured on his speaking dates,makes the opportunity to hear him agicat privilege indeed for the citizens of the county. A Paris Democrat who hss heard Mr. Oliver on thestump, says: "Thunder and lightning have-, nothing on him, and at thebame tine he is not -i ranter, but heceitainly sends out some hot bolUfor the opposition."oPROBABLE EARLY SETTLEMENTOP BANK APFAIRSand held an informal reception. Hewas entertained at s-uppei at thea; kjf negotfations nowWindsor Hotel before the speakingby County Chairman W. A. Thomason, and other promenent local Republicans. Mrs. Christine BradleySouth, who was to have deliveredan address to the wopnen of thecounty, was detained by reason ofillness, and will come to Paris at alater date.REPRESENTATIVES OF PARIS Y.M. C. A. DISTRICT MEETFRANK&CO., LADIES' OUTFITTERS-Early Fall Showingot-Suits '". J . '. Coats' "' , Dresses '".Skirts?ll The superintendents and principals of tne High Schools of the Pan ftY. M. C. A. district, which embraces Bourbon, Harrison, Nicholas,Fleming, Mason, Montgomery, Bathand Morgan counties, held a meetingpreceeded by a luncheon at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Satuiday, at 12:30 o'clock.Among other matters disposed ofat this meeting, it was decided tjhold the annual older boys conference at Mt. Sterling, on December3, 4 and 5. Plans were also mad'jfor a field meet for the High Schoolsof the district to be held next May,the place to be determined later.Those present were: C. B. Harrison, General Secretary of ihe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.; L. F. Zerfoss, of Louisville, State Beys' WorlSecretary of the Y. M. C. A.; Prof. H.A. Rabb, Mt. Sterling; Duke W.Young, CarliKle: M. J. Goodwin, Mt.Steiling; Frank D. Scott, Carlisle.M. J. Cox, Mt. Sterling; A. H.Brewer, Flemingsburg; C. F. Martin,Owingsville; A. E. Arnold, Flemingsburg; G. E.w Everett, Mayslick.GEORGETOWN CASTOR'S HOMEDESTROYED BY EIRE?-'-uFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and Batistea Waists tjiTust Received .'.'7, aFRANK & CO.ILADIES OUTFITTERS-r-rjWhile the Rev. C. E. Beck and hisfamily were at Sunday school Sundaymorning, their home, the paisonageof the church, in Georgetown, caughtfire from a defective flue and wascompletely destroyed. The house recently was repaired and renovatedby the congregation and the minister, who was recently called. Theloss was considerable, as only $1,50Uinsurance was carried.Fire, Wind ' and Light n insInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan"KENTUCKY SURELY DEMOCRATIC," SAYS STATECHAIRMANAfter spending two days on Gov.Cox's special train, John L. Grayot,Democratic State Chairman, said.'Thcie is no doubt about what Kentucky will do in this election, nomatter what Louisville does," hesaid, "Kentucky will surely go Democratic. It is simply a question offigures. If Louisville pei forms asshe did, in the 1916 race when thepresidential candidates practicallybroke even, our majority will be fortythousand. I spent several days onBryan's special several years ago,ago, which was supposed to have heldhe record for crowds. I assure yputhat they were not a circumstanceto the throngs of voters wlio havebeen gathering for thet past two davato hear Gov. Cox." t-under waycome to a definite conclusion, depositors of the George Alexander Bank,will receive one hundred rents on the'lollar for their deposits. It is saidthe directors have agreed to pay thesum of ?100,000 in settlement.The c'isis of litigation since theclosing of the bank have been in theneighborhood of $30,000, the StateBanking Commissioner and assistants having received about $15,000,while the directors have paid outabout the same sum for legal fees.It is expected that the matter willbe brouirht to a definite understanding so that it can be finally settledat the special term of Bourbon Circuit Court called by Circait JudgeRobert L. Stout for Monday, October 18.The following cases are includedin the notice: J. A. Wilson vs. J.W. Bacon, etc., J. A. Wilson vs. R.B. Hutchcraft, etc., E. B. Sparks vsJ. vV. Bacon, etc., George W. Speer.Slate Banking Commissioner vs. J.W. Bacon, etc., Geo. W. SDeer, StateBanking Copnmissioner, s. R. B.Hutch ci a ft, etc.cI00K FOR THIS SIGN EXTDEBATTERY SERVICEThen you will be assured of expert service and nc matter whatmake of battery you have in yourcar it will be mad to last as longas possible, until you are ready toleplace it with an Exide, the longlife battery.BOURBON EX IDE SERVICE STA-TION,207 Main Street Phone 307.PARIS IS DEMOCRATICThe sixth annual convention ofine Blue Crass B. P. v. tt ninwits sessions m this city lastwnn election of thecers:Mr. T. W. Spicer, Paris, president;Mr. J. H. Lee, Great Crossings, Scottcounty, first-vice Dresidont: Mr. Ar.thur Demaree, Nicholasville, secondvice-prefcident; Miss Amy Perry,Stajmping Ground, third vice-president;Miss Emma Browning,Georgetown, secretary and treasurer;'Mrs. Stanley Milligan, Lexington,press reporter; Mr. D. H. Willett.Nicholasville, chorister.Over two hundred delegates registered for the occasion, and werodelightfully entertained at the homeof the Paris congregation. One ofthe events given for them was a"Trip Around The World," whenautomobile loads of visitors werotaken from home to home, eachhouse being arranged to representsome country. Among these wereEngland. Scotland and Alaska. Refreshmpnts in keeping with thecustoms of the various countrieswere served. On their return to thechurch Uncle Sapn welcomed thetravelers back to the United States.The 1921 convention will be heldat the David's Fork Baptist church,near Chlleaburg, in Fayette county,-9ELECTION FOR MEMBERS COUNTY EDUCATION BOARDAt the regular election, November 2, an election will be held forthe purpose of selecting members ofthe County Board of Education outside the city of Paris. This wassanctioned under the provisions of alaw enacted at the last session ofthe Legislature. All the qualifiedvoters of the county, save those residing where there is a gradedschool, will be permitted ta vote.. The names of the candidates willgo on the ballot by petition "whichmust be made on or before October15. All qualified voters have a rightto vote regardless of political affiliation, as it is presupned to be a nonpartisan election.The newly-elected board will havethe appointment of a County SchoolSuperintendent. Superintendent J.B. Caywood, it is said, will be a candidate for re-election. Petitions arein circulation both friendly and unfriendly to Mr. Caywood and thenames will be certified in a few daysto County Clerk Pearce Paton. Twotickets will be in the field.LET. LEVY DO ITMARCH S SLAYER' RELEASEDON $5,QQQ BOND. 3SGeorge Rose, constable, who shot1a? dJtilled E- March, in the yardof The Brittl'ng, apartment housein Lexington, Thursday afternoon at4:15 o'clock afetrnoon, less thanthirty jroinutes after 'an indictment,charging him with, murder, had beenreturned by the grand jury.The indictment against Rose w- 'returned to the court at 2:30 o'clockand at 2:50 Rose was released fromthe county jail.Trial of Constable Rose was setfor to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, October 13, by Circuit JudgeCharles Kerr, following the releaseof Rose on bond. Rose entered aplea of not guilty to the charge, binattorney, Harry Miller, representinghim in court.Mr. Rose waived examining trialbefore Judge Bullock, Friday morning and the case was Immediatelyreferred tc the grand jury. Following a session during the morning,the indictjmenf was prepared and re-turned to the court at 2:30 o'clociby Frank L. Carter, "foreman of thobody. Rose did not appear In thecourt room.Upon agreement among counseland with Judge Kerr the bond wasfixed at $5,000. Mr. Rose's bondwaa signed by his brother, AlexRose Following his release Rosewent to his home on West Second!street. Here many of his friend?visited him during the afternoon.He refused to make any stategnentconcerning the shooting and discuss- -edit only with his attarneys.GET OUT THAT WINTER SUIT.I have the facilities right here athome for all kinds of dry cleaning.I can make that old suit or overcoatlook like new.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER. ,(5oct-tf)SERIOUSLY BURNEDWhy buy a new Eall suit? I canmake that last winters suit look lib;new.LEVY. THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-tf)Ants use their feelers as means ofcommunication.WE KNOW MWA study of the figures in he registration held in Paris last Tuesdayshows that Paris is really ard truly aDemocratic stronghold. The totalnumber of white Democratic voterswa given as 1.087, as contrastedwith a total of 179 white Republicanmale voters registered.The white Democratic women ofthe city came up nobly with a totalof 1,071 registered, contrasted wUha total of 141 for the Republicaawomen. Possibly the oldest womanwho registered in the city that davwas Mr. Lou Palmer, the venerablemother f Mis. John J. McClintock.who is in bei ninetieth year.M BOURBON GUN CLUBIdeal weather conditions Fridaynade the regular weekly shootof the Bourbon Gun Club an enjoyable one. The attendance was good,and all taking part in the affair wereglad of the opportunity to show theiiprowess at the tiaps. The nextshoot will be held on the groundsFriday afternoon.Thos breaking 20 or more out ofeach 25 shot at are as follows:J. M. Caldwell 25.Sam Clay 24, 23.R. H. Ferguson 24, 2S.R. C. Ruggles 24, 22.Amos Turney 24, 22, 2120.H. Roseberry 2$, 22, 22.Wm. Ardery 22, 22, vi.Woodford Buckner 21, 21.-" Rudolph, Davis 21. -1 'y W. K. Ferguson 20. . vNREAL ECONOMYj .GLOTSESIE AL economy in clothesconsists not in spending the least possibleamount of money, but in getting the greatest possibleamount of value for themoney expended.It is because this storeseeks to give value aboveall else that we feature suchsmart garments that aremade of all wool fabrics,'firmly woven and full offolAlonzo Ginn, a well-knownyoung farmer of the Hutchisonprecinct sustained serious burnsabout the lower part of the bodyFriday afternoon by an explosionof gasoline.t Mr. Ginn aiid a helper were heiting a big kettle of oil near a garage.The fipj getting low, Mr. Ginn "tried to pour a little gasoline onthe fire from a five-gallon can,when the can . exploded, throwing the fiery fluid over him.His clothing was entirely burnedoff. Mr. Ginn was at the time ofthe explosion holding the can infront of him. The lower part of hi3body was badly burned. He was -remoedto his home and nhysician3summoned, who dressed his injuries. The flames communicated tothe garage, but were subdued beforedoing serious damage.wear.Sewings are strong andlong-lasting fit is superboutlook and outlast clothesof less careful construction.Simply overflowing with vquality and value.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MENtfu1:v-JV- .'VVvA'-Tr-vir-J -,?-..,VAGB TWOTBE BOURBOft, NfeWS; PAlilS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER 121920.'IHE5HE BOURBON NES,nrf-biisea 188139 Years of Continuous Publicationtjjed Every Tuesday and Friday,?er Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,tJBntered at the Paris, Kentucky,!Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)-(HER FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Ifew York American Press Asso4ftfii. ffucago Lord & Thomas.Jkiladelpnia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta -Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.Any erroneous reflection upon theckracter, standing or reputation of-sjty person, firm or corporation-felcii may appear in the columns ofTEE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofb.Q editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertiseroents, ?1.00periac'a for first time; 50 cents per inch-4tcn subsequent insertion.teIng Notices, 10 cents per line-mch. issue; reading notices in blackcxp, 20 cents per line, each issue.Oftrds of thanks, call- on candl"ifctse, obituaries and resolutions, and-coil&t- matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise"ieats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseived( decline any advertisement or others,tter for publication.Announcements for political officesust invariably be accompanied byz cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKET' "! ' Tor Prtottat,-A James M. Cos,' of Ohio.For Tic Preaidcmt,"Ffranklin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beokham."Ppr Judge of the, Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.3TAR MOTHERS BACKOF NATIONS.LEAGUE"The National Board of AmericanWar Mothers strongly endorsed the""League of Nations at their conven-tion being beld at the Seel-bach Hotel. The resolution -adopt-- - by the National Board to be submitted to the State OrganizationsCor ratification is:"Whereas, millions of boys werecalled to the service of their country lo fight a war to stop Avar,"Therefore, Be It Resolved, Tbat'' Che National Board of AmericanWar Mothers goes on record stronglyendorsing the League of Nationsthe one thing that .stands for world- eace'Mrs. James Digney, Vice-Presidentof lhc American War Mothers,mailed on Mrs. Samuel M. Wilson.-femocra ic Women's Chairman, at-lier headquarters, and reportedthat Noith Dakota would certainlygo Democratic, because of the factthat the non-partisan League hadv grabbed the Republican party in her-State.oIL WELL DEVELOPS INTERESTING FREAK xAn interesting "freak" developed-at an pil well being drilled nea,rTWchardsville, Warren county, several days ago, when fresh water. wasstruck. The water flowed out of the. -"hole and shortly afterward the-driller noticed a number of fish,some three inches or more in length,lytag upon the ground. Investigating, the driller found that the fishwei-e eyeless, and similar to thosefound in Mammoth Cave. It is probable ,that a tributary to the undertzround river in the cave passes un'deo the land now being drilled.1P0URTH RED "ROSS ROLL CALLMEETINGfourth Red Cross Roll Call directors from 120 chapters in Kentuckymet In the Public Library inTxHiisville, yesterday, to perfectplans for thf annual .membership,"November 11-25.The quota of the Lako Division in- the Fourth Rhll Call is 1,150,000members, but efforts will be made to-pile up a total far in excess of that-juimber. The national quota is 10,-":$ii,i00 roemtfers.Arrangements are being completedt division headquarters ii CleveJktui. to produce throughout the dl--iUm"The Red Cross of Peace," thegnt written especially for theLake Division, and featured at theQh.ptor conference" in Cincinnati.ivrr fwfKj 5535i'iff -.-BSfvSB'V'K-m HBwVkVmlMOREDEMOCRATS LIKEONE WANTED.THISOne of the few living Americanswho voted for Abraham Lincoln willbe found voting ne straight Democratic ticket this year. "Wise menchange iheir minds." said L. H. German, 86 years old, 674 South Fifthstreet, Louisville. "I voted for Lincoln, and for Grant, and for everyRepublican president up to Cleve-,land, rroin Mr. Cleveland's tijme 1have voted the Democratic ticket, andI intend to vote for Cox and Roosevelt." Mr. Gorman, who is one of the fewLouisville men who voted for "Honest Abe," was born where the Louisville Hotel now stands. He and isister of 86 years are the last members of his generation and his family. He was in the publishing businesc in Louisville from 18S0 to 1830,when w edited the Southern Manufacturer and Builder. He got out tbefirst theatre program with advertising for the old Louisville OperaHouse, Fourth and Gieen streets.oLINCOLN DIVISION REUNIONOCTOBER. 11, 12, 13.Special to THE BOURBON NEWSThe. first reunion of the 84th Division is to be held in LouiFville,Ky..beginning on Monday, October 11,and will last three days, includingWednesday, 13, and it is expected tobe one of the greatest celebrationsever held in this part of the country.Gen. Harry C. Hale, former Commander of the famous Lincoln Division, has promised to attend, andGovernors Morrow, Goodrich andLowden are also expected to bpresent.Practically all of the mien who'composed the S4th Division are fromthe three States of Kentucky, Illinois and Indiana, and for this reasonthe - distance necessary to travel toLouisville in comparatively short foreveryone. The Division was composed of twenty-seven thousand ofiiceisand men. Reports from Indianaand Illinois that large delegationswill be present from those twoSlates are very encouraging.The Louisville Board of Trade isco-operating with the Reunion Committee and a pleasant reunion anaentertainment is promised to all.oWHEN THE DEMOCRATS WINIn eveiy National compaign Liwhich during the past fifty yearsthey were. able- to fully present theircase to the voters, say political students the Democrats have won. Whenthey couldn't present their case, theDemocrats have lost.This shows that Democratic principles will prevail whenever theyhave a fair chance. A fair chancemeans complete information in thebands of every voter regarding theimport and purport of the Democratic idea.Hence, the record would indicate,all the Democratic party needs forsuccess are the means for reachingthe voters. It is a big problem, forin jmany parts of the country all ormost of the newspapers are controlled by Republicans.The Democrats, therefore, have todepend upon direct means for informing voters in those communities. The printing, the postage, tbetraveling and other essentials costmoney. Despite their disadvantagebthe Demociats have never had norneeded as much money as was at thecommand of the Republicans. It willnot have nesrly so much this year;npr does it need nearly so much.But it needs some, enough to present its case. If it geto it, the lessonof history is that it will win; notbecause of the money, but because ofthe removal of the handicaps reasonable expense funds will enable themto overcome.Every supporter of the Democraticticket should be interested in thatimportant phase of the campaign.EDISON WILL TRY TOOTHER WORLD.CALLTo crnijinunicate with the spinrworld by means of delicate electricalinstruments is now the goa. of Thos.A, Edison.Bock of the wizard's devotion t.:-iiis new task is the thought that ifcommunication is ever really established with th personalities' whichmay persist after death, it will comethrough science and hard work andnot through mysticism or suchclumsy contraptions as the ouijsiboard.-Ho said that if peisor.alities actually do exist after death they may be.considered tt. possess very littlephysical force and that their desireto communicate with the folks onearth may be made impossible of fulfillment because of lack of means.His plan is to devise instrumentsthat are susceptible to the slightestinfluence. -He would not indicate the form infctrutt.en.ts now in the process of being worked out have taken.oHOGGING DOWN CROPSAt this season of the year jmanyfarmers of Kentucky will hog downcorn and soy beans. In some casesit will be corn alone; in others beamalone; while in still others it will be-command soy bean together. TheAnimal Husbandry Department, ofthe Experiment Station, has- foundthat it pays to give hogs tankage inv self-feeder when hogging downcorn along. Ihe gain being as muchas 90 greater taking into consideration the cost of the tankageWhen soy beans are hogged downalone it has been found very profitable to allow the" hogs 2 of theirWeight in corn daily rather than af full feed of corn. x Hogs should beturned into soy beans when ihrsleaves are beginning to turn yellowand the beans in the dough stage,and when the kernel is dented on thoiear of corn.It's not what you claim for thegoods that gives satisfaction to thecustomer it is what the goods provelwhen in. use.nil .Says He Cannot Praise TanlacEnough For Restoring- HimselfAnd Wife To Health"Tanlac has been of such greatbenefit to both my wife and myself Ithing it time for me, to talk for thebenefit of others," said C. Et Albright, veil-known garage owner andautomobile dealer, 888-892 East Market street, Akron, Ohio.'Last sumimer my wifa and I wenton an extended tour through thawes't," he continued, "making- a tripin seven weeks that should havetaken months We were on the goall the time and on ' returning 'toAkron in-November e were bothnervous wrecks from the strain."My nerves were so upset that I layaAake nearly all night and was inno shape- to attend to business thenext day. I had no apretite, simplyhad to force dov. n a little fcomethingtrying r. keep up my strength, butkept getting worse, and bpsides I always suffered from indigestion, sourstomach, and heavy feelings afteraneals."Well, alter dieting myself andtaking diffeient medicines withoutany results I became badly discouraged, in f&ct, seemed to be right onthe verge of a nervous bieakdown.Seeing Tanlac so highly endorsed Iconcluded to try it, and it certainly isremarkaDle how quickly I began 10feel better. In just a day or two myappetite had a new start, I began tr.sleep better at night, and my indigestion and other troubles commenced to lose their grip."The first bottle helped me so muchthat I kept it up until now 1 am- feeling as well as I ever did in my life.My appetite is better than ever. Why,I can hardly eat enough to satisfy meand I have not had a touch of indigestion fcince right soon after 1 begantaking this medicine. I can now liedown and sleep the whole nightthrough without waking up once. Ihave gained at least ten pounds inweight and am feeling fit for whatevei duties that come to hand. Tanlac has not only set me right, but ithas done as much for my wife. I believe in giving everything its due andI want to say right here and now 1can't praise Tanlac too highly forwhat it has done for us."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)TO RECEIVE ELECTION RETURNSAT COURT HOUSEArrangements are being effectedby Coroner Rudoph Davis for receiving leturns from' the Presidentialelection in Novembei. ' A telegraphwire will be inn intc the CircuitCourt room in the court house, wheietbe bulletins will be received andtranscribed by an expert operatoi.Seats will be reserved for ladies andtheir escorts. The returns will beread from the Judges bench in themom. as fast as they are received onthe night of the election, Tuesday,November 2. The admission has bemplaced at fifty cents."DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its "Beauty.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecdor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)ixOL0 AND BEHOLD. THE POOR EDITOR. Flowerv and hong is the weddingnotice which the editor printeth!The minister getteth ten bones. Tbegroom standeth the editor off Tor a12 months' subscription. All flesh u:gra.cs and in rime the wife is gatherod into the silo. Tbe .minister getteth his bit. The editor printeth adeath notice, two columns of obituary, three lodge notices, a cubit ofpoetiy and a card of thanks and for,getteth to read the proof on thehead and the darned thing con.erfrout: "Gone to Her Last RoastingPlace." And all. that are akin to thedeceased jumpeth on the editor withexceeding A'igor. And they pullethout their ads. nd cancelleth theirsubscriptions even to the third andfourth generations.oStained glass windows 'in the ladyhapel of the Liverpool cathedralcommemorate the deeds- of womenOf history.oA Chinese trust controls the dyeused, on firecrackers, made fromcibuca, a Philippine wood.o-The province of .Quebec has threeschools in which maple sugar mak-PLANNING FOR RED CROSS CONFERENCE IN WINCHESTERv.Miss Marie Collins, of Paris, FieldRepresentative of the Ameiican RedCress was in Winchester, Tuesdayand Wednesday, planning with localpeople for a conference of the RedCross Chapters Qf the Eastern Kentucky counties to be held in Winchester on Octobei 20 and 21.The purpose of this meeting is todiscuss how the Red Cross through itsPeace Program may serve the mountain counties. Many of tbe mountaincounties feel that by changinginterest of the Chapters from warwork to home work they are going tobeable to make great strides in improving health conditions.Feathers For Sale.A large mattre'ss of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.For Sale50 head ofranging in agehome-raisedfrom yearlinjewes,s tofour-year oldsSWEENEY 1SGRIG,Route 6, Paris, Ky,(3t-pd) Phone 4 44Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street. mFor SaleOne 3 917 Model Ford Sedan.One 1918 Model Ford Sedan, Demountable Rims.One 1917 Ford Coupe.One 1019 Ford Touring Car, selfstarter; demountable rims; cordtires, and Duplex body a bargain.One 1919 Overland Touring Car,fine shape, and several others.R. C. RUGGLES MOTOR CO.New Firm.We have formed a partnershipunder the firm name of Paynter &Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blacksmithing, woodworking and horseshoeing businessat the old Curtis stand, in EastParis. We know our businessthoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best workjmanship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STROTHER PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.(octl,tf)ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When, electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORE, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your ""-support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the Votersin his candidacy." Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELANDof Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, otMillersburg, as Deputy subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county. 'We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as 'a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FOR DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter ClaVk as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.INTERIIRRAN SCHEDULEiCARS LEAVELexaneton For Paris ForParis LexingtonA M. 6.00r A. M. 6:45A M. 7:20A. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 ' A. M. 9:45A M. -11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. MJ 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.', ' ' IlaSNTIJCKY TRACTION AlfD TER-" liWALXOIOAlfY ' , -Free Cinders N'Call at Ice Factory for Vll thecinders you want free as lfcng asthey last. - vPARIS ICE MFG. CO.Farms For SaleWehave a big list of farms, allkindsT sizes, prices and terms.Write or call for this big list. Makeyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot)FJEVOE MOTOR CAR FINISHprotects your automobile fromdestruction by rust It renews, the original beauty. One poat issufficient. Anyonecan" apply it.Satisfaction "guaranteedTHE J. T. HIINTON CO.PARIS, KY.FordGO DOWNEFFECTIVE NOW PRICES F. O. B.DETROIT ARE : ,Touring Car, Self Starter $510.00Runabou Car, Self Starter $4(0.00Coupe Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $745.00Sedan Car, Self Starter and Demountable Rims $795.00Truck, Pneumatic Tires $545.00Tractor , $790.00WAR TAX AND FREIGHT ARE JO BEADDED TO THE ABOVEVPlace Your Order Now WhileDeliveries are PossibleRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYI::-ili BourbonI DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietorsv8 Telephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetVIX1i aBBBBJ .,caJt C5i vThe Bourbon Laundry jrmIParis,For Sale.jA six'.y-inch roll-top oOico desk. Agood bargain for immediate sale. Inquire of THE BOURBON NEWS.WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,j 128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)IN PRICE:m m ' ii 9 ----- jLaundrvIXIiISATISFACTION;OUR WATHW0RD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to 'do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Kentucky -.rISSal9 fK'Iff MV S9 aCarsiing is taught. , A . , -y.mmxmmvLiV-Q,A-!' v'-."v.1 J A.? j-S-,j-v.. Staf" A," y "" ."""" "", - '-a---C- 4 1 -- - .-?. 4 .Vv5UV. -JTUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1920.v.-,?THE BOURBON NtWS, PARIS, vKENTUCKSj?M fJT.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.''TO THE DEMOCRATS OP PABIS AJ3B BOURBONThe Democratic National Committee has authorized THE EOURBON.NEWS to receive contributions to the Cox-Roosevelt Popular Camoalgn.jnd. The Committee depends upon the misVes of Cox-Roosevelt" sup- tliters to -finance the campaign of Peace, Progiess, Prosperity. Sendour contribution TO DAY. It will be acknowledged in "this newspaperand will be forwarded imjnjediately to National Headquarters, -wherefunds aie sorely needed for combating the millions available to the opposition. Do you believe in the people, instead of a selfish few ranningand financing Poliiical Campaigns? Then contribute, and as liberally asou can and CONTRIBUTE NOW. A contribution that will help thjDemocratic National Committee inborn- others as-you are infos med maydouble or treble your influence on the issue. of' the campaign. Send contribution to this office TO-DAY.COX BOOSEVELTPopular Campaign Fund Voluntary Subscription CouponBelieving in the ideals of Government, Peace, Progress, Piosperity,rcpiesented by James M. Cox -and Franklin T. Roosevelt and desiring tohelp present those ideals to all the millions of voters and believing thatcampaign funds should be provided by the body of the people, instead0f by a rompnratively- few and largely selfish individuals looking forspecial favors. I herewith voluntary subscribe the sum ol ?to the CoxsRoosevelt Campaign Fund.jsame.R. F. D. or Street,P. 0..State,Request For ContributionsTo The Democrats of Bourbon:The National DemocraticHeadquarters is imperatively inneed of funds with which5tofinance the present campaignand has appealed to me tooffer an opportunity to theDemocrats to aid. This I ampleased to do. Every voter,man or woman, who earnestlydesires the election of our ticket is requested to give withoutdelay to the Editor of this paper, who will immediately forward U to John B. Downing.State Treasurer for NationalCommittee, Citizens Union National Bank, Louisville, suchvoluntary contribution as he orshe may care to make. Samewill he forwarded promptly toNational Headquarters in NewYork, with name of donor.Contributions, no matter howsmall, w?U be accepted and appredated. A hearty response to this call vis confidently expected.J. N. CAMDEN,National Committeeman.HOW TO PBOCUBE DIPHTHERIAANTI-TOXINEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and sElsewhere.The following notice has been received from Louisville by one of theclub women of Paris:"This is the season of the yearwhen diphtheria becomes prevalentand more than half the deaths fromthis disease in Kentucky occur duringOctober. v"Last year there was not a singledeath in this State of a child whoreceived anti-toxin within twentyfour hours after having taken sick,and I am writing to you as a fellowclub woman, to urge you to bring tothe attention of the people of yourtown and county the importance ofhaving a doctor see their childrenwhen sick as soon as possible, especially if they have any white patchesin their throats."I know you wall be interested inthis matter and hope you will helpto reduce Kentucky s unnecessarilyhigh death from diphtheria."Free anti-toxin for the indigentcan be secured through your CountyHealth Officer."Yours very truly,"A. T.'McCORMACK,"Assistant Collaborating Epidemiologist."limiHI i ii I T T T T5 t..t..t..T"T"1"IlELLIS' cashI GROCERYSAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package.--" ..............GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENSpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Gained GoodsWe need rodin and wishto dispose rof a lot ofthese gxKrfis.Pickliifg Vinegarand Spicesat bargains this week.I Make Lemon Lotion to Double! Beauty of Your Skin ?Squeeze the Juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can bohad at any drug store, shake wClIand you have a quarter pint ofharmlesg an$ delightful lemonhi each for few centsMassage this " sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous ,stage "beauties use lemonjuice to blea'ch ana bring that soft,clear, rosy-white mplexion.Lemons have always bcpd as afreckle, sunburn and ttBJPremover.Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T)Mrs. Higgins Patlerso-n andMrs. Elizabeth Smith have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs D. L. Cobb, inRichjmond.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Thomason,Judge and Mrs. m Clay Howardand Mkj Owen L. Davis attendelpolitical speaking in Georgetown.Friday afternoon.Mrs. A. W. Bourne, of Virgin'::,avenue, was called to Parksville,last week on "account of the seriousillness of her mother, Mrs. J. W.Spires. Mrs. Spires sustained athird stroke of paralysis.Miss Augusta Behriran andbrother, Albert Behrman, have returned to their home in. Newport,after a visit of several weeks totheir sister, Mrs. J. W. Bacon, andMr. Bacon, an Cypress street.Mis? Viola Mitchell, trainednurse at the Massie Memorial Hospital, who recently underwent asuccessful operation, for appendicitisat the institution, is improving,and will soon be able to return toduty.Mr. and Mis. Catesby Spearshave returned from their hone -jmoontrip tqthe East. They spentsome time in Canada, visiting tnebig wheat and flax ranche ownedand operated by E. F. Spears &Sons, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hazelrigg and family and Mr. and Mrs.John 'McLean, of Paris, attended asurprise biithday dinner given atMoorefleld, last week, in honor ofMrs. W. R. Hazelrigg, by her children and grandchildren.Louisville Herald: "Mr. andMrs. Hubert Crane, who have beonmaking their home in Paris for thepast two years, have returned 10Louisville and are with Mr. Crane'sparents J.t their apartments on St.Catherine street."Mrs. Benjamin Forsythe Buckner, of Paris, attended a luncheonat the Pcndenis ,Club, followed by atheatre party at Macauley Theatre,in Louisville, sriven By Mrs. Alexander McLennon, of Louisville. Mrs.Buckner vas a guest of Mrs. Aubrey Coseai, in Louisville.Miss. Ethel Morris entertaineda number of her young irienas aiher hojme on South Main street, inthis city, in honor ot ner niiuabirthday. Her mother, Mrs. W. B.Martin, and Mrs. John Edmgtonserved the little, party with cakes,candy and fruits. Miss Morris rere ived a number of useful presentsMaysville Bulletin: "Mr. W. C.Collins, wife and son, Walter, leftWednesdaV afteinoon for Paris.their furure home. Mr. uoinns nabfilled the .position of manager or tneconstruction department of the Mays-lle Telephone uompany sevciajyears. He and his estimable tamiivhave mode many friends Mn thiscity, who will regret to learn oftheir departuve."FriMids of Miss Theda E. Santen surprised her with a birthdaycelebration at her home on Scottavenue, in this city, recently. -Apleasant evening as enjoyed, afterwhich lefreshments were served.Music and social converse served toentertain the callers. Those presentwere- Mipses Mary Gorey, CatherineBropiiy, Rose Toohey, Mary McWilliams, Rosalie Santen, Mai Bradley Gilbeit Lavin, Mary K. Doyle.irCconiiinA Adams. Helen Terry, Lillian Towler, Betsey Helburn, AnnaMae Schwartz, Helen Davis; .uessrd.James Gore , John Welsh FramettMirfcp .Trw. RVan. Fred Fister, Keller Trkin. Robert Meglone, FrankTREAT SEED WHEAT FOR LOOSESMUT.Blasted heads of wheat or looses.mut often causes damage to wheat.This disease can be controlled bywhat is known as tWe modified hotwater treatment. This treatment isexpensive for the average farmer ar.dhe should take a small plot givingthe seed this hot water treatmentand using that as a means of gettingthe seed free from' the disease. Theseed should be soaked, in cold watei for 4 to 6 hours, (not more than6 hours) ; then dip in water havinga temperature of 120 degrees. Remove instantly and transfer to water 129 degrees temperature andleave for 10 minutes; lemove anddip in cold' water, then spread itout on ihe floor and let it dry. Theseed can be placed in a gunny sackor basket using auout one-nairbushel at a time for the treatment.Make sure that at no time the temperatum of the water does not exceed 133 degiees and then the timeof treatment should be l educed. Itoften happens that so(me of the seedis damaged by the treatment, in order to offset this it is advisable tcsow about 25 moie seed thanwould ordinarily be s-own.WOLF, WILE & GO,J "owingJ . Continuous Ohof Jail and utntertJ.' Jlpparel-- New Arrivals Daily11Ellis' Cash Grocery fOpposite Court Housefrfrjiji jfrfr F ft n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1FARMERS. COME TO THE SHORTCOURSE.Already much interest is beingI '"shown in the short couise in agriculture, which will start ovemuei1 and continue until February 26.The College cf Agriculture is dailyreceiying many inquiries and a largeattendance is expected.Official Fiaures Of Registration, Paris, Ity.,Tuesday, October 5, 1920MEN REGISTERED. T . m . .Prec W. Dem. , W. Rep. W. Ind. B. Dem: B. Rep. B.Ind. TotolN 1 f2 ! 0 I 199No. 4 159 lb 3 1 32 198: e::::::::::::::l g lid'No. 7 30 I 0 8 133 179No. 8 30 8 1?9n0: i9:::::::::::::: K J f L JH!iotal-Jl- m5S . 19 - 17 24 505 1812WOMEN KEGISTERED.d w twi W Reo.W. Ind. B. Dem. B. Rep. B. Ind. TotalPrec. , W. Dem, W. Kepw. n i 154No. 1 120 M 5 0 184No. 2 159 ft '4, o 22 0 192No. 3 135 1 -i o 28 0 194No. 4 -156 0 36 0 193No. 5 -143 J5 0 0 0 124No. 6 109 1 : o 62 0 171No. 7 95 12 , 0 lg2No. 8 32 4 o 0 94 0 167no. iS-r ::: S S o i i38 2ooTotal -TSfl 141 11, 3 538 V 1761Total- Democrats 2185 f 'Total Republicans I358 " SrMajority Democrats 827 J ' . " ' "'Total Independents ZJ s 'Total Socialist -1 , .fc ''-Total Prohibition . -- 1 - '-i , -US'- "Total Eecitrmtion --8574t . ?v '. v vMinogue. Harmbn Taylor, Elmer Burnett, Wallace Kiser, Frank Santenand Henry Santeu Jr.(Otner Personals on Page 5)oATTERDEDL orphan reunionThe Mt. Sterling Gazette says:"Mrs. Robert G. Stoner attended,the reunion of the Orphan Brigadeat Paris and had an enjoyable time.Mrs. Stoner affiliates with the Orphan Brigade because of the factthat her mother, Mrs. HenriettaWilliams was the proud possessor orthe honor of having me."""Guadrs named f or - her. The ldmen took a great deal of interestm the small pictures which weretaken of the Hamilton Guards whenthey wore in prison at Camp.Moiton Mrs. Stoner was given a warmwelcome. The ranks of the OrphanBrigade are fast closing, and it is a-ood thing for these wonderful oldSen to mSet together again andtalk over the old times."HOUSE HACING CAUSES TROUBLEAMONG BAPTISTSFollowing a meeting of membersof the Latonia Baptist church Wednesday night, at which charges. r vnwiVmrc wrre ureierrea.accamt kj'ji 1-"" ui ,.Qoirmt tnirtv oineiCEMETERY C02IPANY ELECTSBOARD 0E DIRECTORSAt a recent meehng of the Beardof Directors of the Paris CemeteryCo.. B. M. Renick and Jos. v". Daviswere elected imembeis 'to take theplaces of John T. Hinton and Chae.Stephens. The Board as at presentconstituted is made up of Williai;1Myall, fc. F. Brent, Wm. O. Hinton;B. M. Renick and Jos. W. Davis.The Board reorganized by electingB. M. Renick president in place of.Wm. O. Hinton, who resigned because of a pressure of other businessnot permitting him to give the-properattention to the duties of the posilion. It is the intention of theBoaid to inaugurate a number r.fmuch needed improvements in theCemetery in the near future. Aneffort will be made to raise a fund of?2 5,000 to cover the cost of the contemplated improvements. vSuitsNew box models and smartly belted suits show manyan original touch in trimmings of fur and braid. Thefavored materials are tricotine, duveiyn and veldine-andjour wide range of colors and styles is worthy of yourrclose attention.Top Coats and WrapsLuxuriously soft and becoming are these new wrapsthat completely envelope the figure. They're fashionedfrom bolivia, duvetyn, peach blossom and other new ma-terials-r-furtrimmed and beautifully lined.Dresses 'The new dresses are indeed things of beauty withgraceful long lines and trimmings of embroidery, braidsand gay little vests. Many show the new redingoe noteand smartly draped side lines, while others- are severelyplain.We Invite Your InspectionWolf, Wile . Co.Lexington, Kentucky3C-IIiX..IIX:IIIIII -IXI1X-xr -tX:KIVIX!;::!'AIX!VtXZfx::mx:X&JsTame "Bayer on GenuinerpAV mm m(j1 . -EVERYTHINGFor Men and Boys to Wearw1j.-re-memhersnuested letter? ot wiuarawa. -The four against whom chargewere preferred were Dr. J. J. CcmJey wno was asked n the meetingfie owned a race horse, which hEmitted- Harry Beets who wasS : he attended tne Latoniaraces and h9 said that he did; hishither, John Beets, against whoma charge of causing discord hadSeen made, and C. K. Whitcomboit. whom similar charges ofaiding to cause discord had heenmade Before the meeting endedthese four resigned.The meeting of the congregation. 1maa Arahv the Rev. T. C.Crume, pastor of the church, and almost eVcrv member was present.SSring the meeting : the , paetortendered his resignation, hut tnemajority 'of those present refused toconsider it.Wild elk are being cared for bythe State of Wisconsin in an endeavor to cultivate them for theirfood and fur.Wisconsin will lose about $2,000,"tnt i-n lovomiA from the manulact-e 01 beer, wme"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions ar.d prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbrokeu "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sal-icylicacid.(adv-tf-T)oENHSTS1N NAVY.During the first part of this weekfour enlistments were received at theLexington navy recruiting station.One of the number was ClarenceEarl Hubbard, of Bourbon county.The men will be sent to the. GreatLakes Naval Training Station, nearChicago.yNow is the time to get your newoutfit. Our assortment of stylesand patterns is at its best Everystyle that's correct is here. Everyman will find just the patterns'he wants.Men's Suitsin the new ' Browns, Blues and.Fancy Mixtures$25.00 upRaincoats and Topcoafc$7.50 up xShirts in all materials and patterns. New Neckwear, Fall Underwear and don t target,complete line of Shoes.1$-v-sSt4-VfcaaiuSAVE THE DIFFERENCEftTWIN BROS.' CLOTHING Ai SHOE DEP'T.v 619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietorureliquors.and sak-f nnwSouthern Optical Co.tiFEXFECT-fll'llNUSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESArttfteUlLOOIsy&U.KY.lllllllllllllllllll!lllllllll!llllll!lll!illtll!ll!lllllllllllllMlllllllt!llllllllllllllll!ll!i;illllllllllllllllllUIIIIIIIIIIUWilliam K. Haqan cybNArchitect. G- Encineer.vPACiy. Kv.FIZST NATIONAL BANKTllllll111-ll!3lllllf Iifllltll1tl!fitllllillilllfllli1l!lf IIIIiflilMIIlliIliIllIITiIIlIi:iIi:f IZIIillfff III IIIIIllTIirilllillllllf tirifIIIIIIlIII(ltfftiTIXIIIKIIXBSXIXGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR 'Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 255Corner Filth and Pkasant Strttts, Paris, KyJtxmmy.mmt'virSend That Next Job off Printing to ThjNews. Belt Work; Riirfrt PrkliJPMHBIIMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL. . V 1h p,-. .. " irMMM,f-Ksi"-i.VPACT NOBfin BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTuesday; October 12, 1&20,f -mtODGE NOTES- NvSix candidates will be given theSecond Rank at the meeting of Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knights of Pythias, to be held in the lodge room,Thursday night. Other importantbusiness will come up for consideration. mm sFor SalefiOne Oakland roadster. Price S300.Call atRUGGLES' MOTOR CO.,Bank Row, Paris, Ky.8-tf)FoundOPari!nearfloor of covered bridgev jail, a oo-caiiuer revolver.Owner'can obtain same by provingproperty and paying charges.FOR SALETwo GoodUsedAutomobiles1 FIVE PASSENGERFRANKLIN1 SEVEN PASSENGERBUICKBoth cars good as new and infirst class condition. Franklinnewly painted.C. S. Ball Garage(oct5-4t)THIEVES BURGLARIZE FORMERPARIS MAN'S STOREAt Erlanger, the general merchandise store of H. Schanker & Sons,formerly residents of Paris, wasbroken into and merchandise valued at about $1,500 carried away.The thieves also tried to stealSchanker 's auto, which was in thegarage in the rear of the store.The thieves entered the store byforcing a rear door leading into thogarage, and then bent heavy ironbars in a window of the garage leading into the store. The bars weremoved enuogh to admit a smallman or boy. The side door of thnstore was then opened and the lootcarried out, and evidently carriedoff in a m& chine.It has been found that productioncan be increased by the eliminationof noises in a factory.NadineFor the Toilet Complete!To make milady more teautifui.Nadine has created six toilet preparations They are Nadine's gifts tolovely women, to meet every toiletrequirement.Millions of discriminating womenJiave learned the old, old secrets ofendearing loeliness from' Nadine.And, if you wish, you too, can learnthese secrels.NADINE PREPARATIONSTruly a dainty vision of loveliness and pleasing fragrance:Nadine Talcum 30cNadine Face Powder 60cNadine Flesh Soap 30cNadine Rouge 50c"Rfrvniian fJream 60c.Nadinola Cream.60R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.lm $MrTwSk W ' JMIkS 2Ti'I SliP alM !1j V nil 1 'tfrt llr l iiwSl I' if ifH 5L lllS sii til JTamk WLki i:! mm rimmmsraSp Sincerity ymmMBB j!IF Clothe I WmmlWEDITORIAL ELINGS OF THIS,THAT EN TOTHERSincerity ClothesThe satisfaction in service resultingfrom the selection of a Sincerity suit orovercoat is comparable only with thefeeling of confidence arising from wearing an authentic Sincerity style.The favorite clothes for men andyoung men who appreciate quality.CROSSETT SHOESIDE SHIRTSH. M. COLLINS & CO.THE HOME OC1 StossritiiuSo far the right of suffrage doesnot seem to have interfered in anyappreciable way with the normalprogress of the wedding march.A headline says, "Why Work?"The fellow who can tell the worldhow to get by without it is the manit has been waiting for for the lasttwenty centuries. NDecreased consumption of coffeeis blamed for the failure of a NewYork Coffee Company, but wehaven't heard of anyof the. raisingrowers reserving a room at thepoor house. 'Harding's heckler has sued for$100,000 damages for false arrest,but he ought to be willing to makea compromise based on the value ofthe publicity he has gained.The" Supreme Court of the United States having decided that womenmust tell their ages if they desireto vote, estimates "of the women'svote in the November election willhave to be revised downward."One dollar per bushel is enougnfor any f aimer to charge for wheat,"Laid Senator Harding on the floor ofCongress. The farmers of Kentuckyought to express themselves forciblywhen it comes time to cast their"ballots in the race, in which, theman who made such an absurd statement, is entered.The slogan of the "money diggers" raising that $15,000,000 fundfor the Republican campaign."Get The Money Boys," ought nowto be changed to "Got The Money,Boys," with the additional words,"And About to Trade for The Presidency, Boys!"We can't fathom why some Democrats want William Judas Bryan tomake speeches in behalf of the party.The Democratic party hasn't recovered from the speeches he made m thepast. Bryan still insists he is .iDemocrat, but what peeves us withhipn is that he keeps on telling it or.us!Some of those poor tired Parisbusiness men are going to be physical wrecks by the time they gefthrough explaining the politicalsituation to the female voters inthe family. They will eventuallyconclude that the problem of "Hoavold was Ann" was childish play incomparison to a new problem presented by woman suffrage.The covenant of the League of Nations Is omitted from the Republican campaign textbook because it is"too long" or ".not interesting."The covenant is not a lengthy docujment it takes less than ten pagesof the Democratic textbook. It isabout as much as ten pages of anordinary novel. Steps are beingtaken to make it easily possible forevery American voter to obtain acopy of the covenant of the Leaguo.If the well-meant efforts of ec-retary-ManagerHacker and themembers of the Paris CommercialClub are upheld and sustained bythe people of Paris, this city mayshortly expect to appear before theworld under the colors that aretion of those who have all alongjjDeen sausnea witn tne quality, wefhave yet felt that such quantity or,'business push as we have ought -not''to be too modestly hidden. '!Not a day too soon reasonablenessbegins to appear in the coal situation and the spirit of give-and-take,to prevail. Can it be that the operators and miners both were becoming1alive to the truth that the publicrstock of patience was becoming exhausted; that the public temper wasgrowing ragged, and that to neglectthe warning sign hung hung out byfalling prices and their object leason to those who go too far was tocourt reprisals? It is a question ,1for psychologists and we are not inthat class.We refuse firmly and positively,to become "het up" over the approaching Presidential campaign.With all due respect to Christianity as it is spoken, and gentleman-liness as it is practiced, somebody inthis present campaign is the darndest liar that ever lived not evenexceeding the late lamented Anna-'nias. Whatever happens, or "whoever wins, the world will continue,to revolve on its axis and humanebeings persist in making fools ofthemselves.NEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.Auto StolenStolen on Eighth street, betweeMain and Pleasant, in this,'city, onOctober 9, a 1918 model Foyd touringcar, Kentucky license number 39861.Rear bows of top bent on right side,two extra tires on running-board atleft side of car. Notify the owner,C. S. FINNEY,(lt-pd) R. F. D. No. 7, Paris, Ky.For Sale1 Bed Set, Oak;1 Bed Set, Walnut;Dining Table;3 Tables;Chairs;feather Bed and Pillows;Metal Incubator, (50 eggs) ;Gas Cooking Stoves.MISS CARRIE HOLLIDAY,225 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(12-2t)Books WantedAccount of the Remarkable Occurrences in the Life of Col. Jas. Smith,Lexington, J.799. Treatise on Manner of Indian War, by Jas. Smith,Paris, 1812.Report Books about Indians, Pioneers, Early Kentucky 'History. Report any book printed in Kentuckyprevious to 1820. Good prices paid.THE SMITH BOOK COMPANY.Suite 914 Union Central Bldg.,(12-4t) Cincinnati, Ohio.Your Heating Problem SolvedREMEMBER LAST WINTER'S DISCOMFORTPreDare Now for Heatinsr Your Home with Gas and IForget About the Scarcity of High Priced Coal !You can enjoy Pure, Clean, Healthy and Economical HeatBarber Patented Gas BurnerFor Arificial or Natural Gasl ' ,', '', ,1 IVW i'l fasOUR GUARANTEEBarber Patented Gas Burners are guaranteed tofurnish an average heat of 70 degrees Fahrenheit inZero weather, upon gas pressure of one ounce andfurther to remain burning upon atmospheric pressure, if properly installed and instructions are carefully followed.THE CLEVELAND GAS BURNER & APPLIANCE CO.3707 Supelor AvenueCleveland, OhioIA demonstration will convince you that your total heating cost will be far lessby using a Barber Patented Gas Burner than with High Priced Coal.Barber Patented Gas Burners can be installed in any domestic heating applianceand will give you the full value of every heat unit in the gas consumed there isno loss. Can be removed in a few moments if the gas pressure is shut off.Will remain Burning on atmospheric pressure, supplies seventy degrees heat onone ounce gas pressure in zero weather and cannot backfire.SEE A DEMONSTRATION OF THE BARBER BURNERJOHN MERRINGER626 Main Street, Paris, Ky.9S31Get the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They" 'will saveyour gas bill. f(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.Spitzbergen has ,but four monthst-f sunlight in the year.' 'oGET OUT THAT WHITER SUIT!I have the facilities .right here at.home for all kinds of dry cleaningI can make that old suit or over-;coat look like new.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.(5oct-tf) iro ;!! BIRTHS. ;Jl !In this city, teethe wife of Vir-5gil Harney, a son, christened Eckles;Jefferson Harney. Mrs. Harney was,formerly Miss Carrie Belle Day. oiiMake Oar Store "Yoar Store"QUALITYVALUESTYLESERVICEThat's setting forth the qualities ofthis store bearing in mind that the public demands these important factors ofthose they do business with. This storeenjoys the reputation of having the utmost confidence of its customers simplybecause we set forth the giving-of Quality, Value, Style and Service above everything. If you're in the market for a newFall Suit or Overcoat" we want you tocome in and inspect our stocks, whichwe can show you at prices that will helpyou keep down the H. G. of L.This is, the Home of Hart Schaf f ner & Marx andKirschbaum ClothesWe're featuring Hart Schaflher CBl Marx and Kirschbaum Clothes because oftheir being foremost among quality-giving and style leaders of America. Everygarment made by them is styled right up to the minute in all wool, long-wearingfabrics, backed up by a guarantee of satisfaction to the customer.Double-breasted and single-breasted costs come in these "highly tailoredgarments in all the new color tones and patterns.You're sure to save money if you buy your clothes here. ., AI,R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreII .Paris, Ky.fIParis.'N,..'frV5jfr;A ?ijlfc.ps 4-J 1TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1020.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUOTl,-PAGE FITEwr? fg" "1 " MMlBTFOR THE BESTFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSrHIGH QUALITY SEEDSWe have in stock highestquality Timothy Seed, $9 1-2Purity. Also Northern GrownSeed Rye. Our priees areright.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(octl-tf) NoPEAKS FOE PRESERVING vWe have a fine lot of preservingpeais, that we .are selling at $1.75per bushel.(octl2-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.o03IEATKECOMPANYATES.INCORPOK-Articles incorporating The Marigold Theatre Corporation, of Paris,filed in the office of Secretary ofState Vaughn, at Frankfort, were approved Saturday. The company iscapitalized at $50,000. The incoiporators are George W. Stuart, JohnM. Stuart and Catesby Woodford.KNIGHTS OP COLUMBUS DANCE.Much interest is being manifestedby the local Knights of Columbusand their friends inthe initial danceof the season to be given by theBlue Grass Council, of Lexington, tojnight, in celebration of, ColumbusDay. The occasion promises to be a.gala one. A large delegation fromParis will attend. The Committee incharge will be John DeBoor, Chas.Fritz, Gus Moran and Thob. McCormick. vLET LEVY DO ITWhy buy a new Fall suit? I canmake that last winter's suit looklike new.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.,(5oct-tf)TOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Fannie SJmith, of Louisville,thiJ'city11" and relatives in--.Douglas EJrilbry, of Chicago,is visiting friends and relatives hithis city.Rev. Dr. Frank Cheek, of Dan-iVyaF visitor in Paris Fridavand Saturday.Mrs. Reynolds Letton has returned from a visit to relatives nearSpringfield, Tenn..rs- E w- Glass was hostess tome jmaay Bridge Club at her homoRELIGIOUS.on Pleasant street.iuibi ieien uain has returnedfrom a i-wo-weeks' visit to ,friendsand relatives in Cincinnati. 'Mrs. Owen L. Davis has returned fropr a two-weeks' visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati and Covington. Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Smith andchildren, of Winton-Salem, NorthCarolina, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.E. P. Claik, on South High street.Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Foley andlittle daughter, of Livingston, wereguests Sunday of the family of Mr.and Mrs. Edward Quinn, on Ferguson street.Miss Elizabeth Steele entertained at her home on Winchester street,with a dinner-bridge, in honor orher guest, Miss Roberta Meade, ofCharleston, West Va.I. D. Thompson has returnedfrom Christ Hospital, in Cincinnati,where he has been several weekbunder medical treatment Mr.Thompson is greatly improved.Mr. Elezar Dailey, father-in-lawof Thos. W. Spicer, of Paris, hasgone to visit relatives in Missouri.He will attend the Christian ChurchCongress and Convention to be heldin St. Louis.A large number of Bourboicounty music lovers will go to Lexington, Friday evening, to hear thonoted songstress, Geraldine Farrar,in a program to be given at theWoodland Park Auditorium.Miss Madge Taylor, eighteen-year-olddaughter of E. J. Taylor, ofEast Paris, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,where she recently underwent a successful operation for appendicitisRev. O. H. Mattox will preacein the Centerville Methodist churchon the second and fourth Sundaysin each (month, insteed of the firstand third Sunday, as heretofore.Sunday was Quarterly MeetingDay at the Paris Methodist church.The pastor, Rev. C. H. Greer, preached at the morning service, and administered the sacrament of theXiord's Supper. Rev. F. B. Jones.Presiding Elder of this district,preached at the evening service, andafterward presided at the QuarterlyConference.Rev. W. E. Ellis occupied hispulpit at both the morning and evening service at the Paris Christianchurch, Sunday. The morning service was in the nature of a dedicatory one, when the new organ andpulpit furniture was dedicated to4 he service of the Lord. At the evening service Rev. Ellis preached onthe subject, "Can We Talk WithThe Dead?"At the annual meeting of theKentucky Sunday School Associationheld in the Highland Presbyetrianchurch, in Louisville, last week,Rev. iC. H. Greer, pastor of theParis Methodist church, was electeda pnember of the Executive Committee, which is composed of thirtymembers. M. T. McEldowney, ofWinchester, was elected president;Judge Otto Wolff, of Newport, vicepresident, and Miss Mary Wilson,Louisville, secretary. The next meeting will be held in Newport.Last week the congregation oZthe Paris Mathodist church paid apre-arranged but unannounced visitto the parsonage, and gave Rev. andMrs. C. H. Gieer an "old fashionedpound party." They brought withthem contributions of preserves,fruits, canned goods, chickens, hams,flour, cash, etc. Though taken completely by surprise Mr. and Mrs.Greer recovered sufficiently to extend their warmest thanks to thedonors for the many good things andfor the expression of good willwhich accomplishes the gifts.NOTED SONGSTRESS IN CONCERTAT LEXINGTONCentral Kentucky audience willThe North Middletown Women's ihave another opportunity to hear onewhenmmrrrt";ED.SIMMS' NEGOEOLNEW YORK.NOW INNegofol, the noted sire, purchasedin France by Ed. F. Simms, ofXalapa Farm, for $150,000, is nowat Belmont Park, N. Y., being rested from his iourney over the ocean.The trip to Kentucky will be continued as soon as Prince Palatine,Mr. Simm's $250,000 purchase, alsoarrives and is rested.Negofol was not a great race horsebut has made good as a sire, one ofhis progeny being Hourless, now atAugust Belmont's stud near Lexington. . '. 3,oEXIDE IRONCLAD BATTERIES.They lend the magic of theirtored-up power. If your battery isnot an Exide, as soon as it is gonebe sure you replace it with an Exide,the long-life battery. Call onBOURBON' EXIDE SERyiCE STA-TTfYNT . ' Y . . -'.'..w- ,207 Main StreetT i j-Phone 307." HELD TO GRAND JURYIn Police Court Judge Ernest Martin held to the grand jury in the sumof $250 each. Dave Butler, who conducts a pool room on Main street,and J. F. Farris, proprietor of arestaurant near the Louisville &Nashville passenger station. Themen were charged with, maintaininga slot machine on the premises. Asimilar case against John M. Stuartwas set for trial before Judge Martinthis morning.oCITY TAXES DUE. PAY UPNOW!The city tax lists have beenturned over to me for collection-Your taxes are now dueand payable. Call and settlesame promptly at my office atthe Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(octl-tf)RUSE TRAPS NEGROBY POLICE.WANTEDSylyester Andeison, colored, waarrested here by Chief of PoliceLink on a warrant charging himwith forging and passing a numberof checks on various merchantsthroughout the county. Chief Link,mot being certain of having theright (man, saw Anderson sitting ina local garage. He accosted him as"Joe Smith," and asked him wherehe had been sine be shot a man inML Sterling. The man denied thathe was Joe Smith, and stated thathe had not shot anyone in Mt. Sterling. He stated that his name wasSylvester Anderson. Anderson confessed that he was the man wanted,and was taken into custody. Hewas trivet! a hearing: in the CountyCourt, Saturday morning, and heldover to the grand jury.Anderson was unable to give the,5500 bond imposed by the Court, andwas remanded to jail to await ahearing in the November term ofCircuit Court. It was alleged heforged the signature of ClarenceRalls, of Little Rock to two checksfor 15 each, which he had cashedat the stpres of S. Rummans and Geo.McWilliams. He is said to be wanted in Lexington on a cutting charge,and n Winchester on a forgerycharge. kClub gave the following programat their meeting held Friday afternoon: Paper, "Schumann, the Manand His Music," Miss Delia Tinder;"Songs from Schumann," Mrs. JohnW. Jones.Fred Weckesser has sold hisgrocery and general merchandisingbusiness at 715 Main street to W. A.Deering and W. A. Deering. Jr. Mr.and Mrs. Weckesser are planning atrip abroad, to be gone severalmonths.Mrs. Robert Young, of NorthMiddletown, was Bourbon's representative Saturday afternoon at adelightful luncheon given at theCountry Club by the Lamda Chapterof the Beta Sigma Omicron of Hamilton College.Dr. and Mrs. William Kenneyhave gore to Rochester, Minn., whereDr. Kennej will attend a cliniccourseat the Mayo Bros. Hospitalfor two weeks. En route tHey stop-ipad over in Chicago for a visit tifriends and relatives.-The Fortnightly Club, of Winchester, held an enjoyable picnicyesterday at the Xalapa Farm, nearParis. Thf members of the CIuTjmade the trip in autos. They spentthe day on the farm, and returnedlate in the afternoon.Dr. Edward Tuthill will addressthe members of the Woman's Clubsat the meeting to be held in the Ma isonic Temple to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon. Dr. Tuthill willspeak under the auspices of theCommunity Service department on."The Citizen's Duty in City andCounty."Stanhope Wiedemann has returned from a visit of several weeksin Canda. He and Mrs. Wiedemann and children will be with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcellat their home in Fayette' Park, Lexington, until going to housekeepingin the residence in Delong Terrace,recently purchased.The.Millersburg Twentieth Century Club will render the followingprogram at the meeting to be held inthe club rooms, Saturday afternoon:Roll Call Current Events; "LoudJinn," a Psychological Study of Cowardice, Miss Ball; Reading, Mrs. Arthur Best; Discussion, Members ofthe Club; Music, Mrs. Grimes; Hostess, Miss Mclntyre.Mrs. Benjamin Forsyth Buckner, of Xalapa Farm, who is a guestof Mrs. Aubrey Cossar, in Louisville,has been a guest at a number of social functions there. On Saturdayshe was a guest of honor at a luncheon given at the Louisville CountryClub by Mrs. Kennedy Helm. Mrs.Cossar gave an informal tea mMrs. Buckner's honor, and was latera member of a party entertained atthe Seelbach by Miss Julia Graves, ofWinchester, and Miss Fannie Simpson, of San Antonio, Texas.oCOMMITTE OK'S BOOKS OF COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT.Magistrates E. P. Thomason, JohnN. Shropshire and County AttorneyD. D. Cline, the committee appointedby the Fiscal Court to examine andaudit the books of County Superintendent of Schools J. B. Cay wood,submitted a report showing the booksand accounts in first-class shape, andgave their official endorsement ascorrect to a cenLoSALE REALIZES HANDSOMEPROFIT FOR SCHOOLof America's leading singersGeraldine Farrar comes to WoodlandPark Auditorium, in Lexington, nextFriday night, October 15, to sing inthe second concert of the ArtistConcert Series, 1920-1921.The engagement is considered themost important event of the year,and the largest audience ever assembled in the auditorium for a concertis expected.Edgar Schofield, baritone, and AdaSassoli, harpist, will assist Miss Farrar, while Claud Gotthelf will be theaccompanist for the evening.The individual seat sale for theFarrar concert will be opened at 8o'clock Monday morning at theBen All Theatre ticket office, andwill continue there until the nigntof the concert. Season tickets for theArtist Concert Series may be used forthe Farrar concert. Reservation canbe made by writing or telephoning tothe manager, Miss Anna ChandlerGoff, Lexington College of Music,Lexington. (adv)The Slump is HereI knew about it while in New York and havebought my stock at the very low prices. I am now ina position to save you money at my Selling Out Sale.A Beautiful Line of Suits and CoatsIn the very latest models and fashions at prices that areastonishingly low.A beautify! line of new and up-to-dateSuits at$39.50, $49.50, $69.50Beautiful models at$75.00 and $98.50Our Coats are very pretty this seasonana we nave reaucea tnem in pricesoall may buy and save money. We havethem at$22.50, $29.50, $35.00, $39.50,$49.50, $55.00, $59.50, $65.00,$69.50 and up to $200.00A beautiful line of Plush Coats at$29.50, $37.50, $39.50, $45.01,$49.50, $65.00AOME LINE OF DRESSES AT VERY LOW PRICESSpecials For Friday and SaturdayOne line of Dresses worth up to $69.50, while they last, at $ 19"75We have pretty Rain Coats at very low prices.$15.00, $16.50, $17.50, $19.50 and up to $45.00LOW PRICES ON THE FOLLOWINGSpecialAll 50c Outing reduced to 35c yd.Our very best Percale at 35c yd.Apron Gingham reduced to 25c yd.50c Dress Gingham at 29c yd.amPrices on ComfortsBlankets.One lot of $5.00 Blankets now.. .$2.98 pr.LADIES' AND MISSES' UNDERWEAR ATVERY LOW PRICES.A LOOK IS ALL WE ASKHARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYTTTl&mmmAnnouncement of Big4 Motor Co,On account of building we havenot been able to take care of ourvulcanizing business as we should,but now we are ready witn tne mostoomnlete anc1 up-to-aaie piant mCentral, Kentucky, witn emcieni jmeu .to do the work.We do retreading and vulcanizing and guarantee the work to befirst class.Bring your old tires and hav3them made new.BIG 4 MOTOR CO.Comer Eiehth and Hieh StreetsParis. KentuckyOnlyWe Arc TheAuthorized AgentsIIN PARIS TOR THEColumbia Grdfonolasand RecordsWhen you wish either, come where you can &et boththe GOODS and the SEVICE.Of course if you want the best in either MACHINESor RECORDS you will say COLUMBIA.The 3a le of edibles conducted Saturday by the pupils of the HomeEconomics department of the ParisHigh School realized about $50.This sum will be devoted to the benefit of he Hogne Economics department. The pupils and teachers desire to extend their thanks to thepublic for the liberal patronage extended on This occasion.For the manwho thinks ofhis appearanceas well ashis pocketbookwe receivedto-day ashipmentof all woolworsted suitsin mostdesirablepatternspriced atForty-fiveFifty andFifty-fiveDollars.ifm If f A W11iWmmIf it comesfrom Decvisit is ridht'Some Columbia Hits4 Matrimonial Mix Up Golden & HughesThe Bell Boys Golden & HughesNo. A 2974. 10-inch. $1.00.Idol Eye-Fox Trot 4 Paul Biese TrioIn the Land of Rice and Tea - Paul Biese TrioNo. A 2975' 10-inch. $1.00. mI Love the Land of Old Black Joe Van and SchenkSo This is Paris Van and SchenkNo. A 2976. 10-inch. $1.00.Save a Little Dram for Me Bert WilliamsLonesome Alimony Blues Bert WilliamsNo. A 2979. 10-inch. $1.00.-Saly Green ";m"A"' Nora BayesThe Argentines, the Portuguese, and the Greeks Nora BayesNo. A 2980. 10-inch. $1.00.My Little Bimbo on the Bamboo Isle ' Frank CrumitShe Gives Them All the Merry Ha-ha-ha Frank Crumit and Lew Brown- No. A 2981. 10-inch. $1.00. .Cuban Moon ' Art Hickman's OrchestraIn Old Manilla Art Hickman's Orchestra and Frank Crumit. ".;,. No. A 2982. 10-inch. $1.00.Mtother Heart ' Louis Graveure,Forgotten ; - - Louis Graveure'No. A 6160. 12-incb. $1.50.Pretty Little Cinderella Prince' Orchestra-Pickaninny Blues... r :......... Prince's OrchestraNo. A 6162. 12-inch. $1.25.Let the Rest of the World Go By Prince's Dance OrchestraThe Love Boat Prince's Dance OrchestraNo. A 6165. 12-inch. $1.25.Abide With Me.....v Ponselle SistersNo. 78557. 10-mch. $1.50.THE J. T. flINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY . g SIXTH AND MAMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingtitotoxkm:k.Atmik.i1.rVy 7'j ,-v- -VwI 'ItTHE BOURBON SJEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,ITUIS.DAY, OCTOBER 12, 1920.FAG18DCHEDCROSSBUBAL SERVICEvt-' '-rKill That Cold WithFORColds. CoughsCASCARA Kf QUININE4u9tt&OMANDLa Grippev Neglected Colds are DangerousTake no chances. Keep this standard remedy handy for the first sneeze.Breaks up a cold in 24 hours RelievesGrippe in 3 days Excellent for HeadacheQuinine in this form does not affect the head Cascara is best TonicLaxative No Opiate in Hill's.ALL DRUGGISTS SELL ITTOO MUCH TIPPINGSTUDY MARKETS AND MARKETORGANIZATIONS.Special consideration in the short! course in agriculture which begins- Everywhere one goes nowadaysgome calloused hand is -held out I for& tip. A man in a barber shop set-flfiR his HilT rvif1 it neimllv la o lorcrn.one and then walks to the barber, I November 1, 1920, and ends Februtips him, hands a dime to the grin-ary 26 1921' win be Siven the mar"ning alien with a whisk broom in h kets " and market organizationsfcand and gives a quarter to the man- course. The question of maiketingicure girl. All of these persons have is certainly one of the farmers' bigalready been paid for the jobs they j problems at this time and the taskdid. Then why pay them again? I of iiandJing the situation becomestheir tips are not as large as they the subject prepared for the short-tilink they should . be, and theatre j course student is constructed for theushers are peeking more money inas- greatest benefit in the shortest time.much as the practice of tipping them ', A rapid survey of the generalseems to be falling in abeyance. Why ' principles and conditions underlyinga theatr-j usher should receive a tip ,he system of marketing farm pro-?twTP rehenslon- But ! is ducts wWch have developed in the& fact that mere persons are looking- .., OJ , , - .lor tips than ever before. Time was United Slates and foreiSn countriesin America when no one received a ' Wl11 be deluded m the marketing' gratuity; it did not seem right in a course. It will also include lecturescountry in which men are equal in on the fundamental principles oft theory. We hope the lime will come market organizations, their history,when those conditions will again gro.vth and present development, to-Pev??V citizenJf republic gether wittl studies of the types andBhould be too proud to fight for tips. fuactions of marketing a&encies.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PR0J The econonucal value of co-operativeDUCE MARKET.REPORT sanitations and their methods cf-avj-vo. jforpiation will also be studied.Poultry receipts are ample for 1 In tn second term the farm marcurrent requirements and prices are.ket organization course will belower than a week ago. It is impor-j given as a further development oftant that poultry be marketed evenly j the course in marketing and is ineach week, as killing plants are gen- j tended for such short cuurse stuerally so fixed that they can handle I dents as m inlorested in tne func.iioerai quantities oi poultry.Fresh eggs are ni good demandand prices are ruling higher. Tobring top prices, eggs must be strictly fresh, as old and held stock arcnot as desirable as prime storage.Butter values show little changoduring- the week, but a larger quantity is being manufactured each"week. There is an absence of deJmand for export, with continued arrival of butter from foreign sources.While demand for curent ensump-tion is good, moderate prices will belions of market organizations. Itwill deai wilh the forms of organizations used in the livestock, grain,produce, fruit, dairy and other industries handling farm products.Pke short course in practicalfarming offers many other excellentopportunities and all Kentuckiansare eligible tc entrance without examination. The work is offeredwhen there is little to be dene onthe farm and the shore tkne andnecessary to keep our domestic pro- amount of money expended will beduction and imported butter moving I more tnan well snent on tne reSultsin the regular channels of tradeoThe road to success is upgrade allthe way, with lots of engine troubleand skidding.obtained.Cincinnati, O., is considering theadaptability of airplane photographyto city planning.LECEEPiHG WELL MEm$jThe service of the Red Crqss inAmerica may be divided roughly asfollows: 23 to the 77 to thesmall towns and" open country. Ofthis latter division, the bulk of attention has been centered on "thesmall towns, some of the reasons forthis being that the chapter seat hasbeen located there; it has been easier to reach people in groups; leadership is more numerous, and thereeds in such places are more easilyseen.But now Red Cross efforts arjonore and more expanding to includethe districts lying outside the towns,the real farming districts. Economiceondilions have in the past few yearsdrawn special attention to the country as the source of all production,and rt the 3ame time people arecoming to realize the fact that thecountry presents an urgent need forsocial service.Red Cross Educational Centers areplacing great stress on training forrural work, and, as a result, leadersare being developed who desire towork with country people. Thesummer school at Ohio State University this year included a Red Crosscoarse for Rural Community Organizers, thi first of its kind to be offered. It is significant 'that in additionto the regular students of thiscourse, a number of other studentsattended the class regularly.One of the jnost hopeful indications for the success of this woikjjthe fact that the country peoplethemselves realize that there is a distinct field for a Red Cress workeramong theni. At present the demand far exceeds the supply. Insome cases community studies havebeen made which levealed needsthat were wholly unknown to exist.A program to meet these needvery often involves a Red Cross rural worker.The work of the County Agricultural Agent and the Home Demonstration Agent have already-provenits worth. The suspicion that college graduates have been trainedaway from the country is graduallydying out. It is a comparativelyeasy task for a trained leader, whounderstands and loves country life,to gain the confidence and good wiUof rural people. The spirit of service which characterizes the RedCross is well known to country people, and a worker going cut underthis emblem will receive a heartywelcome and co-opeiation everywhere.The Bureau of Rural Service oiLake Division, American Red Cross,with headquarters in Cleveland, ispromoting social service wcrk in thesmall villages and outlying countrydistricts. Country Organizers arebeing placed in chapters that havedistinct rural problems which arenot being met by some other agency.In 'some chapters the Secretary isdevoting1 much tijme to iliis field.The type of woik varies with theneeds of the local community.iJS:J!3S.Xe.afcedc'tiri5ed ?S a " coition. Cougln, coM. nasaltrrfc. fetonweh s. .d m.el dAordem are just s few of the very eeusn ills cue tccst.rricaUurh.Sight ft! Fight calar- -Jih a r.-jrf-iv cr urri2 "e-:- arMvM,.u.rputai,ou for utefufc-Mi extend Lai; a Tulry- ' J 1Ch h"SDR. HARTMAN'S.PE-RJUIMA"FREEZONE"Lift Off Corns!" No Pain!Tmbtmts mr LiquidBold KvttywkmrI iffrViIji i ! 1 i7Trrfl!S- ri "g-1 iiJLrt tu-JNo Need to Sweeten&bTim vThis wheat and malted barley food is naturally street,since twenty hours' baking'and processing developsuar from its own grains.Grape NutS is easilydigested and has a richflavor unlike that oF anyother cereal.It is healthfulaiid economical"Theres aReasoii, v Hade hjrIbstum Cereal Cbmpaiiy;Inc., . Battle Creek. Miction;LLa.i 'f -J.t-j . - - -3M' "st? tiffRMMiiMlZJ-KQJDoe&n't huit a bit! Dron a little-Freezone" on an aching corn, infantry mat corn stops hartinthen shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly! rYour druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few nnij.sufficient to remove every hard corn, Isuit corn, or corn between the toos,and the calluses, without sorenessor irritation.(adv-T-tf)PEOHIBTS SEARCH OP PREMISESWITHOUT WARRANT.The person and property of a citizen are inviolate under the constitution, and the search and seizure ofhis baggage and personal effects, orthe search of his premises without asearch warrant, even when the person is under suspicion, are prohibited, the Court of ADDeals said iri anopinion. by Chief Justice Carroll w.Lyersing the Hardin Circuit Cnnrf -:rthe case of Roy Youman, on whosepremises the Sheriff found somewhisky when he went to airest Youman on a charge of having whiskyfor sale.Youman was not at home, and thoSheriff proceeded to search the pret.iises. The Court said he had no r,ightto do this and must return thewhisky. An officer jmay take possession of articles found on a prisonerwhen legally arrested, but this doesnot cover a search and seizure on hidpremises without a search warrant."A growing public sentimentagainst the observance of any constitutional restraint," that may stand inthe way of conviction im-ved theCourt to elaborate on this protectionagainst-unlawful, search, 'and theCourt said: "It is better that aguilty individual should escape punishment than that a. court of-justiceshouldut aside a vital fundamentalprinciple." , - '1 I I I I III I I nanBl I I I I I III I I I1 1 hhhHHBhbBbvzBbVII 1 1 I 1 1 III 1 1 1 1 HbbHIhR!B HI H7 .wvAnnouncement ofE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Eighth and Main StreetsPlease call at our store and"" hear theAeolian Vocation RecordsONGraduola MachinesRecords received monthly. Five hundred to selectfrom.E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Sole Agents for Paris and Bourbon CountyTIIM-IIIIMIIIH-:BUICKN. AsAGEmbkm of Satufo&tTOU measure the value of your motor car byits power to travel hard and fast; its strengthto bear up under hard usage and its capacity to goand keep going. These have always been Buickqualities and are again dominant features of thenew Nineteen Twenty-One Buick Series.With all theirstrength and stamina, these new-Buickinodels are cars of striking beauty. Thereis comfort,too, in their modern refinements and roominess.Authorized Buick Service guarantees your satisfaction wherever you go.Prices of the New Nineteen Twenty OneBuick SeriesModel Twenty One-Forty Four, tbree passenger orModel Twenty One-Forty Five, fire passenger carModel Twenty One-Forty Six, four passenger coupeModel Twenty One-Forty Seren, fire passenger sedanModel Twenty One-Forty Eight, four passenger coupModel Twenty One-Forty Nine, seven passenger carMcdd Twenty One-Fifty, seven passenger sedanT. 0. B. Taotrj, Flint, MithlzmI179S179525852895298520653295fiigit fI i iJjtCJf 4"W3sksv.S?Slii llS V AjC jfltttoiX Z&5YWssfys' $The C. S. Ball GarageCor. fourth and Pleasant Sts.WHEN BETTER ATJTOMOBIIES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMWeather conditions are repotedand forecasts issued by radio telegraphy from a number of places InFrance fs frequency as seven timesa day.BETTERDEADLife is a burden when the bodyis racked with pain. Everythingworries and the victim becomesdespondent and downhearted. Tooring back the sunshine takeCOLD MEDALHasMMMThe national remedy of Holland for over200 years; it is an enemy of all pains respiting trom-lddney, liver and uric addtroubles. . All druggists, three sizes.lk for aW bum CU If lal every besMllfe?lllAMJlAlJSlAJii,14u,JJiiJ4sAjp.;3;WiijitiiijifirWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwake Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The Claxtonola- , The Ideal Home Phonographt. -w;- SPICERMAIN STREET - 0PF. COURT HOUSEiV A ri, ,' wt -."Vs.-?IJi.vjv -XJTUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1920.THE BOURBON . NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYv rCZH W&W$ PSEACSSG EACE -TJITITY ATf -"Tell yonr MotherKEMP'S BALSAMj trill stop that cough, Bill. Myluotner gives u to me wnen x geta cough and you don't hear mecoughing all the time."CENSUS OF KENTUCKY COUNTIESPopulations of ten Kentucky counties has-not yet been announced bythe Census Bureau, but these figureswill be given out.These counties are Christian, Edmonson, Fleming, Hopkins, McLean,Meade. Monroe, Montgomery, andRussell.Populations of fifty-three townsand cities in Kentucky were an-vjounced. These places, with theirIS0' populations and comparativeflares for 1910 follow:Carier County Carter, 203 and?59- Gravson, 822 and 736; OliveHilK 1,395 and 1,132; Willard, 456and 177. .Fayette County Lexington, previously announced, 41,534 and 35,-099.Floyd County Allen City, 216Prenonsburg, 1,667 and 1,120; Wayland. 1,362; Weeksbury, 1,016;Wheelwright, 50.Garrard County Lancaster, 2,116and 1,507.Hardin County Eastview, 49 and77; Eiizabethtown, 2,530 and 1,970;Sonora. 274 and 270; Vine Grove,595 and 570; West Point, 724 and782. Upton, in Hardin and LarueCounties. 369, of which 137 is inHardin.Knox County Barbourville, 1,877and 1.633.Corbin, in Knox and WhitleyCounties, 3,406, of which 1,198 is inKnox. Population was 2,598, ofwhich 854 was in Knox County.Laurel County London, 1,707and 1,638.Marshall County Benton, 897and 824: Birmingham, 355 and 249;Briensburg, 57 and 77; Calvert, 226and 124; Gilbertsville, 300 and 458;Hardin. 435 and 366.Mason County Dover. 377 and386; Germantown, 98 and 142; Mayslick, 366 and 308; Maysville, 6,107and 6.141; Minerva, 103 and 154.Ohio County Beaverdam, 788 and762; Centertown, 343 and 299;Cromwell, 160 and 163; Dean Field,80 and 75; Fordsville, 612 and 649;Hartford, 960 and 976; Horse Branch429 and 103; McHenry, 439 and 530;Rockport, 650 and 658; Rosine, 176and 166.Owslev County Booneville, 243and 236.Todd County Allenville, 227 and236; Elkton, 1,009 and 1,228; Guthrie, 1,160 and 1,096; Kirkmansville,178 and 200; Trenton. 552 and 655.Trigg County Cadiz, 807 and1,005; Cerulean Springs, 274 and272.Wavne County Monticello, 1,514and li338.Whitlev Countv Jellico, 471 and546; Williamsburg, 1,767 and 2,004.oASKS GOD TO SOFTEN HEKLANDLORD'S HEAETGov. Chas. J I. B.ough. Governorof Arkansas, who. campaigned inKentucky last week, has written tohis fiiends in the Middle West, calling attention to the danger of thepreachings in the negro newspapapers of the country urging raceequality and race unity at the polls."This, of course," writes Gov.Brough, "strikes at the veryeart ofwhite supremacy, and it is current'knowledge here in the Middle Westthat if Senator Harding and the Re-j publicans triumph, an effort will bej maae to pass a torce bill, which willimean eaerai bayonets to superviseSouthern elections."It is recalled in this connection,that Senator Henry Cabot Lodge introduced a force bill into the Housoof Representatives in 1886 and secured its passage in that body, butit -was defeated in the Senate by thefilibuster of .the Southern and fairminded Western Senators.Senator Harding's recent speech tothe negroes l(as encouraged them somuch that Wm. M. Trotter, negroeditor of fie Boston Christian saidrecently before a negro Baptist convention: "It is an abuse to teach the blackAmerican he is too low down to darehave trouble with a white man andget court trial; too inferior to haveauthority over or with white men ingovernment; too inferior to have ahotel room, to have a shave, to havea theatre seat or a meal in a restaurant where other people get theseaccotujmodat ions."Such abuses and separations denythe Christian principles of equalityand brotherhood and the oneness ofthe tt-hite and black races "This incendiary negro orator isbeing brought to Louisville by theRepublicans t: address a meeting onFriday evening, October 15, at thecolored Methodist Episcopal church.Trotter is being widely advertisedin the negro newspapers in Louisville, and there is no doubt of whathe is going to say. He is going topromulgate the doctrine of radicaland social equality.o? f ; "" ' 3 $ 3 tn "5 n Ir- s hi 3 - J t .' 1 fJ3 ') n siKtsikri Hi ttoiHPASTIES AGREiWhile Opposed In Political CampaignJThey Are UnitedOn Kentucky School ProblemsA BIT OF ADVICEFirst' Don't Delay. Second Don'tExperimentMrs. ."John W. Langley, ChairmanWoman" Division Republican Campaign Committee, gave jour correspondent the following interx iow concerning the new school law.. -md thecoming "election of County Boards ofEducation in November:"To my mind the greatest forwardstop that has been taken in the direction of a higher standard of educationwas the ratification of the nineteenthamendment to the Federal constitution of placing the ballot in the handsof women, and for the reason that herinfluence is essentially more constantly wielded than that of the men in thehome life of the children which is theformation period of their characterr.nrKthe most enduring part of it."This in not because women realizeany more fully than men do the vitalimportance to the future of the nationof a good clean .school system, but because, as the history of civilizationfrom its beginning to the present-show-the mother's influence is greaterthan that of the father over the children of their household. It thereforefollows a a matter of course that thisadded power to aid in consumatingrv ideals will be exercised to themaximum by her."No one will seriously contend thatbetter education will affect the political alignment of the people. It willonly better equip them for decidinghow to intelligently cast their votes onany political question. They will continue in the future as they have donein the past to entertain divergentviews a1 to what character of legislatiowand of administration is best calculated to advance the interests of thesiate and the nation. The point I wishto make is that the question of education should be exalted above politicalquestions and entirely divorced fromthem.the educational scale, but there is evidence on every hand that she is now Ithoroughly aroused. If she will fullyrealize from this time forth that education can not be promoted withoutadequate revenue and that the necessary funds must be raised no matterwhat the cost. I am sure that withthe exercise of eternal vigilance on thepart o the men and women of thestate, with an insistent demand forThe aid of God in "softening theheart ' of a landlord who had raised his rent beyond the means of awoman- tenant was asked in aprayer at Christ Chirch Cathedral, in St. Louis, during a healing mission. The woman wrote aletter to the mission in which shedeclared she was about to beevicted because she was unable tomeet the increased rent.Hall's Catarrh MedicineThose -who are in a "run down" condition will notice that Catarrh botherthem much more than when they are ingood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE ! aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal condition. 'All druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.(adv-sept)If you suffer from backache; headaches or dizzy spells; if jtou restpoorly and are languid in the morning; if the kidney secretions are lrregular and unnatural in appearance,do not delay. In such cases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyprepared for kidney trouble. Theya rev recommended by thousands. .CanParis residents desire more convincing proof of their effectiveness thanthe statement of a Paris citizen whohas used them and willingly testifiesto their worth?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,Paris, says: "Some years ago I foundit necessary to u?e a kidney remedyand as I had lead about Doan's Kidney Pills and advise their use to anyone troubled with a weak and lameback or irregular passages of the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealeis. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidne.v PiPs the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milbur-n Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o fKNOWLEDGE IN FAKMING ISMONEY IN YOUR POCKETS' . , .,Mrs; Samuel M. Wilson.r. ''UnG6H9 t1 W . JrFood for every meal, every day, every week;the year 'round Uneeda Biscuit. Always Ncrisp and good, no matter when or where youopen the package. Always enjoyed, no matter .when or where served. See that the pantryis well supplied.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYiscuiti Bilftthe best and nothing but the best forthe children of Kentucky, and withconscientious determination to rewardour teachers? in a way commensurate,at least in some degree (they could notbe adequately compensated), with thegreat work they are doing for our fu-ture men ind women there is everyreason to believe that Kentucky willassume and maintain a position worthyof her in matter.? educational."mmMMoy iouji, xrju mm 'i if tJti'ius$c ?! ,in"rAsz I ,. n ' tmAMAiv.bBSsB&w V lifeDoor locked A IzTt?IIILfi-,71NHy-r-TV II p I fillmtHx-i M .jcommmzn -- icssjsaiiWm 1 1I M MMM ik illMtLfi. J-Ul:JvJBl5 il I-) ICCAl (iCNC oTsTANtABRIGHTER.EVENINGSZW.4A recent publication put out bythe Soils Department, of the Collegeof Agriculture, gives some very interesting facts as gained from theexperimental fields located inGraves, McCrackcn, Logan, Muhle-n-burg,Shelby, Fayette, Madison andLaurel counties. These experimentshave been running for a number ofyears and definite information hasbeen established so that the farmersin piactically all sections of theState can gain valuable informationas to the methods of rotating cropsand fertilizing the soil with the ideaof improving the soil and increasingci ops.This bulletin is ready for distribution and can be secured fcy writinga post card to the Experiment Station asking for publication No. 228.Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial Dame 'Spun her clothBy Candle flame. ,In 1860In Crinoline bright, .She greeted her ejiestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was lit'By fiickerins: Gas.Eut the eirl of todavWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.MOTHER!fT&lifornia Syrup of Figs'?Child's Best Laxative)Paris Gas & Electric Co.It TffT rMrs. John W. Langley."We must secure a deeper intereston the part of all of our people in thisgreatest of all movements, for afterall has been said and done, we cannot fully prepare the children of todayfor the duties and responsibilities ofcitizenship that they might later assume unless we succeed in getting public sentiment crystalized behind allstrong school movements."I believe this is now being accomplished by the recent legislation whichhas been put into operation and thatthe good results of these laws will continue to grow as time passes on."I sincerely believe that the goodwomen of our state are going to puttheir whole hearts, their mind, and Itheir strength into this movement anduse the ballot accordingly. If they dothis success is certain and we willhave a happier, brighter and betterKentucky."Mr. Christine Bradley South, theassistant secretary of the RepublicanNational Committee, gave the following statement for publication concerning the New County School Administration Law :"The seriousness of the crisisthrough which the world is passingemphasizes the importance of education as the hope of democracy. In sofar as is humanly pos?Ible, there mustbe equality of opportunity for educaion for all the childien rich amipoor, native born and foreign born,city and country, white and black,until ignorance everywhere is supplanted by disciplined information:Our children are worthy of betterteachers ; our teachers are worthy ofbetter pay ; democratic education isentitled to the loyal support of all."Our schools must be forever divorced from politics. The new CountySchool Administration Law. whenproperly appreciated and properly ap-1plied, will accomplish this end. Thebest men and women in each county,regardless of political affiliation,should be selected for membership' onKeep this Door Open TooMr. Merchant!Would you lock one of your doors for theprice of a telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming- or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe the customer who wantsto telephone you an order will wait until thatwdoor is open again but maybe he won't!If your present equipment is often in use,you might make a profit on another telephoneor "trunk" or on even several more; a gocdmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same number, using any of your lines that is idle whenyou are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on thetelephone. Think it over."At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegr anh Co.(Incorpoiaied)J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.tOCPUTndWhdn your correspondent ' askedMrs. Samuel W. Wilson, committeeman on the Democratic State Campaign Committee, for her views on therecent school laws, which will becomeeffective next November, she said :"It gives me peculiar pleasure toexpress my sense of gratitude for thisnewest evidence of Kentucky's educational awakening, as expressed in thenew school laws passed by the last session of the Legislature. We havehoped and worked for so loni? to takeour bchools out of politics and to "raisethe salary of our teachers, that thesenew laws creating a non-partisanCounty Board of Education and fixinga 'minimum salary ,for teachers givecause, for pride and thanksgiving.JThere Is every reason to hope thatthey will .prove a decided step in theright direction. There is no recentstep forward, taken by Kentucky, thatcan compare in far-reaching importance with The Jaws packed to improveour educational system. All honor toour Democratic and-Republican legislators who passed these laws.' " alM&. . -T'Mrs. Christine Bradley-South.the County School Board. To securethe right of., suffrage for women, wehave insisted always and everywherethat woman was inclined to feel amore jealous regard for the rights ofchildhood than Nman. I know of nomore certain way for woman to justifythe new privilege and the new responsibility .that have come to her than byusing her voice and her vote in securing better educational opportunitiesfor the children of Kentucky, and byaiding in the election of county boardthat will think in terms of the right.of children rather than in the interestot any parry."HIS HEART WAS RIGHTWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 ' PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mUJWWIi-,-.'gkSgaillWli-Mtl-HMHIAttention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE! ADRIAN WIRE FENCE, givenup by all fence builders to be the best-fence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257BOSSLiiiiiii.i7iiifiaiinnAccept "California" Syrup ofPigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the beatand -most harmless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels:Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Toumust ay "California."An uneducated hut honest county"The newly enfranchised women of superintendent, who lives far hack inthe hills of Kentucky, recently madethe following very unusual and thoroughly pointed speech to a group ofpeople who were interested in theKentucky can he of untold service toour state by electing to our CountyBoards of Education the highest typeof men and women available. Menand women proof against partisan i schools:temptation, who can be depended oil toselect "county superintendents worthyto be intrusted withthe mental training of the future citizens of our s:(ate.IN has taken Kentucky a long time tocome to a full realization of the discreditable position she has occupied in"Men. wheir you come to vote forthe niemh'ers? of this bere new CountyBoard of Education, put morevChristianity and less polities into your vote."You're my friends ; but don't thinkof me In votin', but think of what yaurvote means to the children."Bourbon Feed Mfg. Co.h,. d. ivirrcHEULSuccessor to Perry, McCann & MitchellsHAZARD COAL No. 4No Better Comes Out of ' theMines. .Call In While We Have Heat?'V..-Xtv.-N--ahr- . , (ar-T-tf) I'--)-' nrf AGE EIGHTTHE, BOURBON NEWS,, . PAJUS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER 12. l2fMILLERSBURGMr. G. L. Hill has been awardted the contract for installing a pipeleas .furr-ace in the PresbyterianManse.Mrs. W. A. Munsing, of Maysille, is the guest of her mother andsister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, andFlorence Vimont. "The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday meeting in the lecture room ofthe church, Wednesday, beginning at9:00 a. m. "THE SICK. S. M. Allen is soinowh&t improved. J. T. Judy is ionproving nicely. O. L. Potts will beable to return from St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, in a few days. M."It Bowles, Mesdames Clara Shanks,"Fannie Norton and Anna Darnellcontinue about the same.A, C. Strode, of Chester, Montana, is a guest of iris father-in-law.Squire A. C. Ball, and family. Mrs.Strode and son have been guests atHie home for several weeks. Theywill remain until Christjmas, whenthey will go to Florida to spend theremainder of the winterFlorence Craig, colored, agedabout sixty, was found dead in herbed at the home of J. T. Jefferson,Sunday morning. She had been rdomestic in the Jefferson home forsome tirre. Coroner Rudclph Davisimpanneiled a jury, whc returned averdict of death from heart disease. The body was interred at Little Hock yesterday.The little folks put on a Ton:Thumb wedding at the GradedSchool Auditorium Friday at 3:00p. m., which was enjoyed by all prepwas in al tendance, and a nice sumwas realized, a part of which wentto the benpflt of the 'Christianchurch.Betsey Baker, a highly respect-ed colored citizen of the community,aged" ninety-three, was badly burned Tuesday morning. She was seated in the yard with a box of matcheson her lap. """While lighting her pipothe end of the match dropped offinto the open box, igniting the othermatches. Her clothing was burnedoff and her body badly burned. Therewere only small grandchildren withher at the time, who rendered all theassistance thej could. She died atthe home of her son, Wpi. Baker, onihe farm of Mr. A. J. Thaxton. Interment in the colored cemetery-Rev. W. W. Morton leaves to-dayfor the Synod of the Southern Presbyterian church, which, opens tonight at Paducah.oMATRIMONIAL.A (marriage license was issuedSatuiday from the office of CountyCleik Pearce Paton to Russell Riley,of Morning- Glory; and Miss Gertrude Ritchie, of near Carlisle.tLANCASTER VANARSDALEA wedding which proved to besomewhat of a surprise was bolemnized in this city Saturday night,when Mrs. Anna Lancaster and MLynn Vanarsdale, both of Lexington,were united in marriage at the homeof the officiating minister, Rev. Father Thomas Coleman, pastor of theChurch of The Annunciation. Theyoung people secured license in Lexington, and came to Paris for theent. All the little folks doing their . ceremonyparts -nicely, showing they hadbeen well trained. A large audience.How AboutYourEyes:Do you need glasses?Do your old ones needchanging?If so, consult our 4'EyeSpecialist.-All work-teed.guaran-The bride is a handsome and attractive young woman, a former resident of Faris. She was the widowof Howard Lancaster, ot the ParisFire Department, who died severalyears ago. For several years she w?..a member of the clerical force at theTenth Street passenger station ofthe Louisville & Nashville, iri thiscity, and for the past year has beenin a sijmilar capacity in the L. & N.office in the Union Station in Lexington. She is very popular with alarge circle of friends here, who unit p. ir wlshinr lir ill 'hn'nni'nAias i.married life. Mr. Vanarsdale is oneof the most popular passenger conductors on the Louisville and Lexington division of the Louisville &Nashville road. He has been in theservice of the L. & N. for over thirtyyears. Following the ceremony and receiving' congratulations the youngqouple left for a honeymoon trip toNew York and other points of interest in the East. On their returnthey will reside in Louisville, whereMr. Vanarsdale has purchased andfitted up a handsome home for theJ reception of his bride.BOX SUPPER.; n?xiVARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.The pupils of the Dudley School,on the Maysville and Lexington pike,near Hutchison, will give a box supper and cake sale at the Antiochchurch to-night (Tuesday) at eighto'clock. Friends and patrons of theschool and the public in general arecordially invited to attend. Miss Elizabeth Donnell is teacher.According to Lloyd's, the grosston age of IT. S. shipping vessels hasinci eased 500 per cent since 1914.ciH---ira -x"XfiKGRant-ht PhongraPhsvCCXcC .and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! . NO CHANGE!DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT,MiIIersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.OU R observanceof all the politeniceties of the occasion forms a strongappeal. Our establishment is thoroughly equipped. We workout each problem ina manner that meetswith the approval efmankind.lFlHAlsMOIANDI2:00 to 5:30I (OPERAHOUSE jA I 17:00 to 10:307:00 to 10:30TODAY, TUESDAYBESSIE BARRISCALEin "Kitty Kelly, M. D."Pretty Miss Barriscale plays the roleof a woman medic in a rough mining townin the Southwest.A murder mystery adds zest and suspense to one of the prettiest stories sheever played .AlsoStuart Holmes and Miss Frankie Mannin "TRAILED BY THREE"And Pathe NewsTomorrow, Wednesday"The Dangerous Talent"Starring Pretty Margarita FisherShe possessed an unusual faculty. Itmade her employer dismiss her on a minute's notice. It caused the man who lovedher to turn her out of his house withoutwaiting for an explanation. Yet thissame gift was the means by which theman of her heart was cleared of a terribleaccusation. Whatwas that talent?A picture that combines love, romance,' intrigue, mystery and humor injust the right proportions.JOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers"and Pathe NewsThursday, Oct. 7thROBERT WARWICKin "Jack Straw"A Paramount-Artcraft Picture, based onJohn Drew's celebrated stage hit bySomerset Maugham.Sudden riches! Fond parents' visionsof courts and coronets! And an archdukeseeking Daughter's hand! Oh, joy! Butwhen Mamma found that her "noble"son-in-law was only a waiter! Oh!!A picture crammed with amazingtwists and constant laughter.MACK SENNETT COMEDY"BY GOLLY55and Pathe NewsAdmission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningLEE TIRE PRICESReduced 15 to 20 Per CentLEE TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY announce a generalreduction of fifteen to twenty per cent, effective at once,on their entire line of tires.Cord, Fabric and Puncture ProofLarge Stock Carried atTHE BIG 4 GARAGEDEATHS.MATTOXSilas D. Mattox, infant son oMr. and Mrs. Silas D. Mattox, diedat the home of his parents, on theWalter Kenney farm, neai Paris,following: an illness of but a fewdays. The bedy was interred in the JParis Cemetery.O i,TAXPAYERS, IMPORTANT!The 1st of October is drawing very near, and those off youwho have not attended to listing your taxes had best takewarning and attend to this immediately, as we are expectinga large rush toward the last andyou may not be able to getwaited upon. You will pleasegive this your attention and letus see you immediately.Yours truly,WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(sept21-tf)FALL SHOESHEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMitchell. Moreland & Mitchell soldfor Mrs. Ama Lancaster a house andlot on Ferguson street to A. F. Lynajm, of Nicholas county, for $1,850.The same firm also sold a small cottage foi J. W. Bacon on Winniestreet, to George Monson, for $1,200.JMitchell, Moreland & Mitchell soialast week for J. W. Bacon a housand lot located on Winnie street, toGeorge Monson, for $1,200, and ahouse and lot located on Washingtonstreet, belonging to Mrs. RobertSadler, tc Homer Horine, for $1,000.The 322 acre fanm, the old Palmerplace, located on the Peacock pike,near Paris, belonging to Mrs. JohnJ. McClIntock, was offered at publicsale, Friday, by Harris, Ppeakes &Harris, and withdrawn after the bidding had reached $215 per acre.The iViaple Lawn Farm, located onthe Jackstown pike, near Paris,was offered al public sale Saturdayby the owner, Newton Bishop, andwithdrawn at $280 an acre. The farmcomprises 219 acres, and .s one4'Ofthe finest bodies of land m thecounty. The farm was originallypurchased from the P. J. Millet'heirs by J. M. Alverson and resold toMr. Bishop for $405 an acre.In Hawaii it has been found tha?weeds can be kept down in ' sugarplantations by covering the fieldswith paper.: OThe only profession that wo,merrcannot practice in Delaware is tha!Brand new styles. A wonderful assortment of beautiful Fa!! Models for Men, Women and Children at pricesmuch lower than ever before.Buy at this store and take advantage of our moneysaving prices.Look at These Great Values!Ladies' Soft Kid English Lace Boots, of goodquality, $7.00 values.SPECIAL $4b99Ladies' Brown Boots and Black Kid Englishand High heels, 18.00 values.SPECIAL S5.95Ladies' and Growing Girls' Gun Metal English Lace BootsExtra high tops. All siies 2 1-2 to 7. 4ft m M ,Our Special b4 49Boys' and Girls' School ShoesMisses' and Children's $3.50 Lace Boots, allsizes 9 to 2,SPECIAL S2.49Misses' and Children's Gun Metal and KidEnglish Lace Boots, $4.00 values.OURSPECIALS2.99Men's Gun Metal DressShoes, $6.00 values.Special $3.99Boys' and Girls' Sturdy School ShoesEnglish Lace and Blucher Styles. $5.00values.SPECIAL S3b49Little Men's Extra Good Wear Gun Metaland Tan Shoes, sizes 9 to 13 1-2.SPECIAL S2b99Men's Brown and Gun MetalEnglish Blucher and Lace Shoes.Special $5.99Men's Goodyear Welt GunMetal, $7.00 values.Special $4.99miXDAN COHENWhere Beautyjuid Economy Rcinr r . j. ci "c&. f aria ureaiesi anoe aiorcv -Djof law.';JVt' . jrf--j , ,..,..r? - v :? " tr