.'a"ti -'vi. jr&. V--. x ' "Nw,. - r - 4SJL7"THE. .r . -v x - . :vt '; , v: ; -- . . I,NEWSAt?. f """ -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.tVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 16. 1920BOURBONTHE MASSTE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL FUND.In a campaign like the one nowin progress for the Massie MemorialHospital it is almost impossible forthe solicitors to see everyone nerson-ally, much as they would like to do pression that had been created by aso. Many persons would no doubt false rumor that the Democraticlave contributed long ago, but they members of the House had 'held afelt it had taken a personal turn. J caucus on the bill of Representativeand that there was just a little Neel which is designated to elimipique because the solicitors had not nate the sheriff from serving on theseen them. For a long time the in-'county election board- The soleierruption to the telephone service ' purpose of the caucus, he said, wascaused by the sleet kept the solicit- to give him an opportunity to inviteors irora camng up a large numberof persons in the county whom theycould reach in -no other way.Now that all these difficulties havebeen surmounted the people are in- ivited to leave their subscriptions atany oi me dcuiks, at any store inParis or at this office. Prompt acknowledgment of same will be madein every case. Don't stand backnow for any reason. Tie hospitalneeds the money, and Paris needsthe Hospital. There's the argumentin a nutshell, according to Hoyle.Several checks have been receivedrecently from former Parisians, oneor two for amounts running intothe hundreds. There is still roomon the credit side of the ledger fora large number of checks from Parisand Bouibon county people. Theissue has been put squarely beforeThem, and they, at least the majorityof them, know by this time that thecampaign is a purely business one.Come forwaard with, your subscriptions, large or small, both or either,as the case may be, and help thegood cause, for it is certainly aworthy one.PRESSMEN ON STRIKE.Mr. Charles Gill, ofLexington,representing severalprinting establishments, where-UtJilUgLUIlpressmen are on a striKe, was mParis one day last week looking formen to take the places of the strik-Gasers, but his mission was unsuccess- florae oi anxious 'ful. No developments were reported there had been a break in the pipeby either the employing printers or, "ne began an investigation. Histhe representatives of the striking search developed the fact that somepressmen yesterday, and indications oe, either as a joke or ma mapoint to a waiting game in the mat- licjous spirit had turned the bigter of an adjustment. Twelve men valve at the Chntonville pike crossare out, and three shops, the Tran- ins. where the gas mains entersvlvania Printinsr Co.. the James M..ns, causmg mc cm.Byrnes Co., and the J. L. Richardson Co., are affected.o,, w , - - - ,CIRCUIT COURT.Holding that the action should-have been hrought in the FranklinCircuit Court, Judge Robert LeeStout, in the Bourbon Circuit Court,Friday, discussed the suit for divorce"brought by Mrs. Jane Adams Clay,against her husband, Douglas K.Clay, of Paris. Mrs. Clay in herpetition alleged cruel and inhumantreatment. She is now residing atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Abram Adams, in. Frankfort.?FRANK &'CO.LADIES OUTFITTERS-SPRING 'SHOWINGi'Polo' Suits. Silk and JerseyDressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaists 'Plain and Fancy SkirtsFRANK & CO.JLAD1ES' OIJTFITTERSENTATIVEDISPROVES-TJMORSRising to a point of personal privilege Representative James H.Thompson, of Bourbon county, atFrankfort, Friday, corrected an im-me Democratic members of theHouse to a dinner which 4ie gave recentiy at the Frankfort Hotel.Representative Neel, Republican,whointroduced the measure,the matter was not dis-sayscussed at the Democratic caucus and that he for one regrettedI he fact that such a rumor hadgained circulation.A dispatch from Frankfort to thedaily papers stated: "Representative J. H. Thompson, of Paris, Democratic minority leader in theHouse, was host at a. banquet givento-night to the Democratic membersof the Court of Appeals, Democraticmembers of the press and a numberof leading Democrats of this city."Senator Harriss, RepresentativesShannon, Wheeler, Hardin andStrange, Senator Harlan and Judge.Rogers Clay were theMr. Thompson acted aster."toastmas-CITY WITHOUT GAS SHORT TIMELAST NIGHT.Just about the busiest hour ofevening, nearly six o'clock yesterday, the natural gas supply suddenlywent off without warning of anykind. Families getting supper, restaurants ard other places using natural gas for heating and other purposes were seriously inconveniencedfor about thirty minutes.Manager Steenbergen, of the Pans& Electric Co., beseiged by acut off from its natural gas supply.The trouble was soon remedied.Manager Steenbergen is makingan effort to discover the identity ofthe miscreant who caused thetrouble, and will liberally rewardanyone for information that willlead to his detection and arrestYOU'LL NEED A TOP COATThis Spring but what kind of apnnt Vnn'll find here everythingthat is nfcW in style, whether it's aaincoat oi a regular Spring over-oat 4 q to $56.j. W. DAVIS & CO.Coats ,BOURBON REPBt'TOBACCO MARKETS$The close of the 1919-1920 salesseason .came Friday at the localAvarehouses, when . about 47,000pounds of the weed was disposed ofat the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.No report of the averages was madeto the local press, but we understood that the sale averaged fairly,well. W. M. Rogers sold a crop for$52 per hundred, while anothercrop sold by Samuel Hardingbrought about $53 per hundred.While the figure for the season'ssale are not obtainable, it has beenestimated by several well-posted tobacco men that the Paris markethas disposed of nearly 14,000,000pounds of tobacco, about two millionmore than was sold on the localbreaks during the season of 19181919. For the season the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co. sold a totalof 8,000,470 pounds, for an averageof $43.02 per hundred pounds.Good grades brought good pricesthrough the season, but a large percent of mean tobacco reduced thegeneral average considerably. Especially was this tiue toward theend of the season, when prices oninferior tobacco reached a very lowspeakers.Tlevel. Last year the Bourbon To-bacco Warehouse Co. sold a total of8,000,020 pounds of tobacco for anaverage of $41.10 per hundredpounds. Last year the cdmbined.total of sale reached the figures of12,000,000 pounds.Although the sales season hasclosed and the warehouse shuttersput up ,until the opening of thenext season, the redrying and packing departments for the four bigbuyers will remain in operationfor several weeks, getting purchasesin readiness for shipping out to thebig manufacturing concerns.For the season the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse sold a totalof 5,368,465 pounds of tobacco, ascompared to 3,861,415 pounds during the season of 1918-193,9. The1919-1920 sales brought a moneyvalue of $2,347,885.59, compared to?1, 578, 005. 47 in the past season, anincrease of $769,880.12. The average for the season just ended was$43.73, compared to $40.86 for1918-'19, an increase of $2.87 perhundred pounds.BASKET BALL GAMESThe Paris High School Girls' teamwon the opening game in the basketball tournament held at the Y. M.C. A. inthis city Friday, taking thegame fronu the Cynthiana HighSchool girls' team by a score of 26to 10. The game was refereed byMiss Sarah Blanding, of the University of Kentucky. The game was aninteresting and hard fought one atall angles, the Paris girls provingtheir ability to handle the ball atcritical times in the contest.In the State High School tournament, held at Lexington, Friday,the Boys' team from the Paris HighSchool defeated the LawrenceburgHigh School team by the score of 441o 14. In the contest between ParisHigh and the, Clark County HighSchool team, Paris defeated the opposing team by the score of 43 to11. The Paris team was composedof the following players: Burnett,Rice, R. Roberts, H. Roberts, Denton, Tucker, McClintock and Dundon. The Lexington Senior High Schoolteam captured the State HighSchool basket ball championshiptitle for the third time Saturday,when it defeated the Ashland HighSchool team in the final game of theKentucky High School Athletic tournament in the University of Kentucky gymnasium. The score stood56 to 13. The Lexington quintetwins the title, a silver loving cupgiven by the K. H. S: A. A., xandsome spoiting goods donated by theThos. E. Wilson Co., of Chicago.Lexington defeated the Paris HighSchool team in tho semi-finals Saturday ""morning at nine o'clock, anddefeated the Ashland team afterward, theieby clinching the championship. The Paris High School girls'team won the State basket ballchampionship Friday night at the Y.M. C. A. gymnasium, by defeatingthe team from Nicholasville HighSchool by the score of 32 to 10.Seven teams were entered in thetournament, "which N openea Fridaymorning and continup-1 through theafternoon. Paris defeated Cynthiana by a score of 26 to 10. ThcClark Qounty High School team defeated the team from the Georgetown High School by a score of 27to a 5. The Lexington Senior Highdefeated the Winchester High Schoolteam by a scofe of 25 to 3. Nicholasville defeated the Winchestergirls by a score of 24 to 5. Afterthe game between the Paris HighSchool and the Clark County HighSchool teams -had been decided by ascore' of 22 to 14 in favor af Paris,the Nicholasville and Lexingtongirls put up one of the fastest andmost exciting games ever wintessedon the local floor. Three extra perirrt nf five minutes each were required to settle the matter of who shouldbe the winner. Lexington tiea tnescore m the first two each time,but in the 'final periods the Nicholasville girls won out by a score of?3 to 20. Then Paris came in thepamt) and defeated Nicholasville,thereby becoming the champions.The games were refereed by MissSarah Blanding, of the Universityof Kentucky.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS--.,.,.Bishop & Flora sold for Mrs a.W. Stuart a one-story frame cottage !luuatou m rnornton Divisionjnanes a. Buchanan, for $1,250,for immediate possession.H. &. Crouch sold his farm inflated near Little Rock, this county, toWallace Terrill. of near nutAn. Tfor $325 an acre. Mr. Terrill re -cenuy soifi his farm tn tt!qi.i xeLexington. He will get possess'ionthis jweekThe Walter Clarke TieaMv n.n cniiSaturday for Mrs. Kate Rippetoe, ofuovmsion. a nouse and lot nn Viv.;"i uuuruu.ginia Avenue, to B. G. Graham, for$2,000. They also sold for OssianEdwards, a house and lot located onVine street, at a private price.Jos. L. Dickey, formerly of Paris,purchased recently of Jos. M. Elvovea one-story frame cottage on Virginia avenue in the Bourbon HeightsAddition to Paris, for $1,250. Mr.Dickey took possession of the propterty yesterday.The Paris Realty Company" soldfor George Wagoner, the Sidenercottage on South Main street, nearTwentieth, to Mr. and Mrs. Prather,for $2,400. The purchasers willmove to the property.The same firm also sold at a private price to Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeHarper, the two-story frame houseon Henderson street, known as theMargolen property. Mr. and Mrs.Harper recently sold their twohouses on Virginia avenue, and willmove to the Henderson street homeas soon as possession is given.oGRAND PUTS ON HNE VAUDEVILLE SHOW.By far the best "big-time" vaudeville the Paris people have had formany years was put on by theGrand management Friday night.The splendid program left a goodtate in'the mouths of Paris theatregoers, who in the past, have beenvery patient and .long-suffering inthe matter of vaudeville.The program embraced the following excellent features, every actfirst-class: Doc Earl, "The MillionDollar Street Faker;" Patrica, theMechanical Doll, The Spanish Trio,Morembo Players and singers; Peggy Jones, in Pegology, a marvelouspegleggad. dancer, acrobat and singer; Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Lewis andchildren, in a high-class sketch, "AVaudeville Gem;" Miss Billie Bowman, entertainer with the A. E. F.in France, in a program of "quickchanges," impersonations and character descriptive melodies, and JackNeille and Frank Rockwell, in askit, "Somewhere in The FrozenSouth."It was an all-around god program, one that pleased from start tofinish. The two little Levis children, in their unique sketch, singing and dancing, caught the big audience with their clever work.Though juveniles they are very closeto the star line when it comes togood acting.oINTOXICATED MAN "SKUNKS"POLICE OFFICIALS.The peculiar actions of a man whoappeared in the tobacco warehousodistrict Satuiday impelled citizensto telephone police headquarters.The man, who appeared to be intdxicated, carried over his shouldergunnysack, over which he seemed to keep ' a very solicitouswatch. When a crowd, attracted byhis actions, came close to him, hecpened the sack and drew therefrom a small live annimal, which hewaved frantically at the crowd.The crowd melted away as if bymagic. The little animal was askunk! 'Upon arriving on the scene ChiefLirk learning the true situation,placed the man under arrest by seeming the services of a colored manwho was immune, and conducted theprisoner by a roundabout route, outof Hi- beat.vi lines cf 'ravel' to thec.mii. ly jail. Gr'arval at the mu.... h -i J J iu mattersw..i futher coci moH when Jailer'Tommv Taul drew thd i'r- at admitting the skunk along with the prisoner. He was finally escorted to thecity limits, here Chief Link withhis olfaactory nerves on the qui vivefor a breath of fresh air, bade himtake his skunk ar.d travel North,South, East or West, just so you'relong gene from here, you and thatskunk." ,1THINGS TO WORItY ABOUTAt the meeting of farmers held inthe court house Saturday, one of thetillers of the soil told an incidentwhich had happened to come underhis observation recently. He statedthat one of his neighbois came toPalis bringing eggs and butter,which -he disposed of to-a local dealr He realized forty cents a poundfor the butter, and later returned tothe store to settle. There hefound his married daughter, who resides in Paris, purchasing a pounaof his butter, which the dealer hadjust charged her seventy-five cents.oK. OF P. NOTES.-There will be Work invthe Knight"ank, at Rathbre Lodge, Thursday night. Let all the members bepresent. ' , 'COUNTY "FA'R.'MTrRCi PA-KTATT-Fm A m AZ-ZT LLL'"WI UL nvu. 1 A nnnrAi-nrv -. i-- ..vigi iu yievious announceA : menta sent out to i.h farmo nf ,- , ........... v.. w vr. mv.county, a banquet was held at. fhfecourt house in this city Saturdaynight given under the auspices. 0tor . y wB""ea uourDon uounty.American arm federation. Abouttwo hundred and fifty were present-to enjoy the occasion. , -towr?banquet, which was served in twoI courses- Walter S. Meng, tempo-raiy cnairman or tne nrefi.Tif-zntinnwap elected premanent president'andTheSamuel Clay vice-president,proceedings vjere opened with" 7, L1U" ue"veAea Dy - VV, Ellis Pastor of the Paris ChrisFollowino- the hnnmiPt ,ffiM0ttime being permitted to allow allget their digestive processes in pertect narmony with what they hadeaten, the p&rticipants adjourned tothe Circuit Court room, where theylistened to addresses on farm work,the work of the farmers' organization, and the purposes of the Bureau, delivered by Chairman Meng,E. C. Crenshaw, of Caaiz, and Goeffrey Morgan, of the AgriculturalI College of the Kentucky University.At tne business session of the organization, one hundred names wereadded to the rolls, and the member-ship fee was placed at $15 ner an-mm. John Woodford, W. F. Sanders and J. Miller Ward were appointed a committee of three to further perfect the organization workby securing new members and tcrecommend some one for each magisterial district to serve on' the Boardof Directors. The organization willhold regular meetings in the future,at ajilace and time 'to be determinedlater on.GAS TIP BLOWING OUT CAUSESFERE ALARM -When a tip in one of the largegas lights in the Harry Simon Department Store, in this city, blewout under heavy pressure Friday,one of the young lady clerks becameexcited and rushed to the door,screamed "Fire." The cry ws takenup by passers-by on the street. ' Thensomeone turned in a fire alarm. Inmeantime, AiDeri wnuams,. janixorat the Simon store, ran toxthe basement and shut off the gas. When thefiremen arrived they found nothingto'do.in their line, as the panic hadbeen quelled and a crisis averted bythe coolness-of" the Janitor.BOURBONto have been given at the HighFire, Wlltd and Lightning School auditorium last week byIncuranrP ."Rostand, The White Mahatnm,"tE'c WArfl ft P,,Jwas Postponed until Monday andThomas, WOOdfOrd & Bryan Tuesday, March 22 and 23. The ad-' ' mission has been placed at twenty-The overworked musician after five and fifty cents. Read the disall cannot complain that with him play advertisement on page four of 1it's "all work and no play' this issue of THE NEWC.WE KNOW HWPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in . the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced.Ready-to-wear clothes -in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions' of to-day ihake men think. AndJ'themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-BlochSmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices.EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give Youand Then Some .is to be f ounds in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. The materials are of the Veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standardsfor America's real red-blooded men..MITCHELL &PASTVDC irorixm m .,..."-" VJMIJU1M 'J.U AlTJJiBilLEXINGTON CONFERENCEDr. E. L. Powell, pastor of theFirst Christian church, at Louisville."e t-nown ministersof thc Dsciples of Christ, has writ-vw . lct-c " me ministers or tnenomination in Kentucky,, urgingItherfx to attend the State Conferencein the First Church, March 17, IS-nand:"!.. ..U1 . LUt: ler-unurcn worm. iUOVment. ?"" whose auspices thei """"-uw is mcu."I know of no people," says Dr.Powell, in his letter, "who canmore conscientiously and enthusias-I "cally enter into this movementthan the Disciples of Christ. Critic"iC" " is aign piace oit0:yision and oatlok on the great interests otL tne .Kingdom."Dr. Powell states that transportation expenses of all ministers whoattend the conference will be paidand that the only expense to whichthey will be put while in the cityis for their board and room.-oTELEPHONE MEN STILL BUSYON RECONSTRUCTION.Although it has been a matter ofseveral weeks since the disastrousjsfeet which visited this section, thetwo telephone companies, the Bourbon Home and the Cumberland, hav-not yet reached the point where theycan say, "All is well with us."There remains a vast amount ofwork to be done in the way of reconstructing lines and poles,, and restoring connections with thc county.Ivlanager H. H. Lloyd, of the Cum- -berlandoffice, stated yesterday, thatthe sleet had prostrated over 1,800poles on the Cumberland's lines inthis county, and that at presenttwelve gangs of men are busy replacing poles, and reconstructingthe service. The boarding houseof Paris andMillersburg are filledwith telephone linemen who havebeen brought here from the South,ana omer points n uejp in mework. The Home Telephone Co.,uner he direction of District Manager J. J. Veatch, is making heroicefforts to get the service back towhat it was befora the Icy visita-. tion.HIGH SCHOOL ATTRACTION1CAECH 22 AND 23.Owing ' to circumstances and conflicting attractions the performanceBLAKEMOREVT-;- A4r411Ti ,V.X,1'-S '.v .as-Jte fig'J-"7,7 v 4'i4 -.A. -s;TV0--- rV- s-1-'iu KjCT"4B"-nr' . 1 ;. " ,.rJ ? ,rW?i3PAGE TWOTHE BOtJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYATUESDAY, MARCH If, lSJf r".wr,U;iritM,.Xr- vr, fTHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188139 Years of Continuous Publicationv. Piilished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Montlis. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAHP, Editor and Owner.(Emtered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSeoond Class.)Any erroneous reflection, upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation-which may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention oftie editor.OTJBFOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES.New York American Press Association. Chicago rl & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta llassengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perfcach for first time; 60 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linoaac iaeue; reading notices in blackgype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andiirailar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesust invariably be accompanied byie cash.DEMOCRATIC LOVE-FEASTBE ITOTABLE AEFAIR.TOFinal plans are now being mad-5for the big get-together conferenceof Democrats from all parts of Kentucky, which will be held in Loutsville on Thursday, March 3 8 th.Acceptances to the invitationsre literally pouring into the Comnittee having charge of the arrangements and indications and indications points to the event as oneaf the most notable politcal gatherings in the history of the State.A banquet will be given in theevening at the Seelbach Hotel,Hotel, which will be attended bymembers of the State Central andState Executive Committees, Democratic members of the General Assembly, Democratic Editors, Democratic Circuit Judges and Commonwealth's Attorneys, the chairman ofthe Democratic County Committeesin the 120 counties of the State,and a number of others prominentin party councils.The principal speakers at thebanquet will be Mr. Homer S. Cummin cst the Chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Mr.Cummintj is one of the most forceful and graceful speakers in publicTife to-day, and the Committee on"Arrangements are congratuatingthemselves on having secured him.The speaker on Kentucky affairs isto be Judge Alex P. Humphrey, of3-ouisville, whose pre-eminent standing at the bar, and broad grasp ofpublic questions is everywhere recegni2ed. Col. P. H. Callahan, oflxmisville, who has been the movingspirit in the work of the newiytfonned Administrative Committee inthe party, will act as toastmaster.and the" meeting will be called toorder by Judge Charles A. Hardin,Chairman of the Democratic StateCommittees, who has also taken anactive interest in the new partyrork.No political meeting on such acomprehensive scale was ever beforeundertakes in Kentucky, and theenthusiasm which is being shown inthe matter is taken as a splendidAugury for party success in theState this fall.PROMINENT WOMEN DEPLOREDEFEAT OF ILHTER-ACY BILL.Though .the mass of Kentuckyclub women were stopped from coming to the capitol in the interest ofthe "Moonlight School Bill" Wednesday, a few came despite the factthat the bill had been killed. Somesaid they came to protest, and theirexpresssio-ns of grief were heard allaround the capitol.Mrs. James McClure, Paris, President of the Bouibon County Healthand Welfare League and presidentof the Bourbon County School Improvement League, said:"I am full of regret, but I am fullof desire at the same time to carrythrough by collecting more moneyWe lost so much time waiting forfavorable legislation." ,Miss M. Anna Poage, prominentclub woman, D. A. R., and newspaper woman, of Ashland, sent the following message:"What we call failure may be Divine Success with God, and our sorest defeat may be the preparationfor the most glorious triumph. Elijah's night of despair in the desertand his iong contest with an apostate king and back sliding the. people made him the man to be takento heaven in a chariot of fire."Mrs. Josephine Grauman Marks,Georgetown, auditor of the StateFederation of Women's Clubs andchairman of the Seventh DistrictEducation Department, gave outthe following inteiview:"It is beyond our comprehensionthat in this enlightened day thisday of being our brother's keeperthat the men who are sent to theState Legislature as our spokesmenand representatives of our thoughts,should oppose a measure that wouldelevate Kentucky up to a plane ofher sister States rather than shoveher back in the black abyss of ignorance."IS FEELING LIKEOLD SELF AGAINRailroad Man Wasn't Exactly Sick,But Felt Tired And WornOut All The TimeCOUNTS HEALTHAS PRICELESSAFTER RELIEFI'm Feeling As Good To-day As IEver Did," Says, M. Spalding Gratefully.PEOPLE EAT TOO MUCH, LAZY,SAYS PROFESSORThe present generation is overeating without recording an increase in energy and activity. InfactSve have considerably less "pep"than our mothers and fathers had atour age.Such is the conclusion of theAcademy of Medicine, following adetailed study of the subject by Prof.Charles T. Rechet. Since 1832, heshows, the individual consumptionf potatoes has been tripled, that ofmeat doubled, and people drink sixTimes as much .coffee as they dideighty-three years ago. Statisticsef the Biological Society show anincrease In food consumption isnever accompanied by an increase inproduction.oAncients Had Much Wisdom.A great civilization flourished in thevalley of the Nile some three thousand years B. C. These Egyptiansworshiped the dung beetle, the scarabems, possibly recognizing its scaveng1 leg powers. The well of Joseph, neartie grea pyramid, is excavatedthrough nearly three hundred feet ofsolid rock. Tbe ane'ent Hebrews wereta founders of real public health.JTfce laws of Moses, who was born-astit 1000 B. C. the first hygenlctote known, apply about as well todaya?whcn4?rs promulgated.LOUISVILLE, KY., March 15. IfI had the last bottle of Trutona inthe world, $1,000 wouldn't buy it,"is the remarkable statement madeby Mr. Peter Sapid ing, of 3,004West Walnut street, not long agoMr. Spalding is one of the manypeople who believe there are lots ofthings in this world that moneycan't buy and that good health isone of them."For some time I had been suffering from chills and kidney trouble,"Mr. Spalding's story runs. "My kidneys simply would not act regularlyand I suffered considerably frombackache. I think that I had aslight rheumatic trouble, too, because my knees would get stiff andhurt me in damp weather."The other night I came homewith the hardest chill I ever had inmy life, and the worst one that Iever saw anybody suffer. I thoughtture I was a 'goner.' Well, my wifehad been taking Trutona and asfirst aid she gave me a dose of it,then put me to bed and covered meup. You may not believe it, but intwo hours I was up and walkingaround. Since then I have been taking Trutona regularly and my kidneys are acting properly now. I'mfeeling as good to-day as I ever did."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)MOVING DAYS."I was in a badly run-down condition when I started taking Tanlac,but after taking only two bottles iam feeling like my old-time selfagain," said Albert F. Smith, 517Elm street, Toledo, Ohio, a brakeman on the Toledo-Ohio CentralRailroad, recently. Continuing, Mr.Smith said:"While I was not exactly sick, Twas so badly run down for sometime past that I just felt tired andwornout all the time, and not likedoing anything. My appetite wasnothing like as good as usual. I didnot relish what I ate and it did notagree with me. I had no ambitionand was sluggish and my work tiredme so when I came in off my run onthe road that I felt all fagged outj'nd did not feel like going out of thehouse or doing anything but sittingdown or going to bed."I had been reading so much inthe newspapers about the good Tanlac was doing others that I decidedto give it a trial, and it surely wentright after my case in a hurry. Before I had finished the first bottle Inoticed I was getting back to mformer good condition. Now my appetite has returned and I can eatanything I want and all I vantwithout feeling any bad effects. Iam completely over that tired, wornout feeling and come off the road after a hard day's work feeling justlike I could still do another goodday's work without stopping. I amgaining in weight so fast myclothes are getting too tight for me.I am going to take a few more bottles of Tanlac, just to be sure Idon't have a return of my troubles.It is surely a grand medicine and Iadvise everybody who feels as I didto take it."'Tanlac is sold in Paris at Peoples'Pharmacy. (adv)oBOlSDSTiIEN MUST PAY FOR HAMLET'S BOOKS. 'Business of Criticism.Its business is simply to know thebest that is known and thought in theworld, and, by in its turn making thisknown, to create a current of trueand fresh ideas. Its business is todo this with inflexible honesty, withdue ability; but its business is to dono more, and to leave alone all questions of practical consequences andapplications ques'. n-. which willnever fail to have due prominenceSiven to them. Matthew Arnold.Still setting 'em up in the bowling alley.BABY CHICKS! BABY CHICKS!"SUPERIOR QUALITY"Barred and White Rocks, Reds, Wyandottes, Leghorns. Price 18c and up. Safedelivery guaranteed. Parcel Post prepaid. Send today for circular.Kentucky HatcheryBox H.LEXINGTON, KY,House WantedWanted, to rent a small housewith small garden. Call Phone 66.C. S. Ball Garage, and give full particulars. . (9-3t)Ministers and school teachers inall parts of the State are complaining that their churches and schoolsare suffering from the great amountof moving from one community toanother. In this county the roadduring the first two weeks of Marchhave been full of wagonloads ofhousehold furniture, which, withtheir owners, are leaving old homesfor new.Thre are many besides the minister and the teacher who regret thchange. (We venture the opinionthat many of our good men and women have looked at the old home forthe last time as theirs with a feeling of regret during the last month.Even though its sale brought aprofit and the new place to whichthey go offers advantages over theold one, one cannot leave the scenesaround which so many of life'smemories cling without some twingeof remorse.Reversing the Franklin CircuitCourt in the case of R. H. Vansantagainst the Commonwealth on relation, the Appellate Court held thatthe State is entitled to recover fromthe bondsmen of Barksdale Hamlet$17,017.27, the cost of a bulletin onhome economics and arbor and bird,day books and an official manua.educational directory published byHamlett "unlawfully, illegally andwithout authority" during his termof office. The suit was brought bythe State to recover from the bondsmen of Hamlett, Rufus H. Vansant,John' C. C. Mayo and Judge D. W.Gardner, the sum of 64,711. Allthis money, the State alleged, wasspent by Hamlett for publicationsand salaries not premitted by law.The lower court held the Stateshould recover $25,000 for thjbondsmen of the $64,711 as $25,000was the total amount of the bond.The court holds, however, that onlythe publications on home economics,the official manual and educationaldirectory and arbor and bird daybooks were published without authority of law and therefore theState should recover from his 'bondsmen the amount paid out for thesepublicatiors.LET "DANDERINE"FoundOn Main street, a. nuncii of keys,containing two door keys and anumber of small keys. Owner canobtain same by calling at this officeproving property and paying forthis advertisement. (tf)Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price$975.STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) . Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.For SaleBuy your Piano, Player Piano orTalking Machine rram one of theoldest firms in Kentucky. Wehandle the best instruments on themarket.We also make a specialty -ofPiano tuning, adjusting and repairing of all kind.J. H. TEMPLEMAN CO.,John B. Geis, Rep.Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.(9-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE.Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.BEAUTIFY HAIRGirls! Have a mass of long,thick? gleamy hairWorld Has Many Leper.Neither geography, climate, diet,heredity nor any other, known influence sufficiently explains the cause,the distribution or the behavior of leprosy. There is no discovered certaincure for it, and the cases of completerecovery, if there have been such, arerare. To most Americans it is happilyonly a name made familiar by Biblical mention or by reports of missionaries to far-off lands : and the estimatethat there are 2,000.000 of these hopeless sufferers in tli world comes tomany people as a surprise. RochesterPost-Express. 'SUIflSfESPb' . . " o.' JFor Sale-Duroc Boar.A yearling Duroc Boar, weight?75 to 300 pounds a good one.JOHN J. REDMON,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ivy.Pho-ne, Cumberland 45, N. M. Ex.(24-tf)Pure Bred Duroc Jersey Hogs For SaleBest blood !i-ie. :yjod individuals.Two. sowt-. i.ii iti and one boar.Will sell as a v h-ile or separate.C. M. CLAY,(tf) Paris, Ky.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Stock, Personal Property.Box 90. Write for date: "T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.(jan6-tf))LiveLock!".Let. "Danderine" save your hairand double its beauty. You can havelots of long, thick, strong, lustroushair. Don't let it stay lifeless, thin,scraggy or fading. Bring back itscolor, vigor and vitality.Get a 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" at any drug or toiletcounter to freshen your scalp; checkdandruff and fallen hair. Your hairneeds this stimuating tonic, then itslife, color, brightness and abundance will return Hurry!(adv)oSometimes a woman is so afraidf-11rr, .-4- 1 1 ' .i.vin.o wuii c jiuuw ner son is a geniusshe blabs it right out.Administrator's Notice,!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Queenie H. Rion,deceased, are hereby requested topresent same, properly proven, asrequired by law, to the undersignedadministrator, for payjaient.All persons knpwing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs.Queenie H. Rion, deceased, are hereby requested to call on the undersigned administrator, and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.HOUSTON RION,Acftninistrator Mrs. Queenie H. Rion.Route 6, Paris, Ky.(mar2-3wks)WANTEDA live wire to handle the bestselling truck in America $700.00less than other worm-drive trucks.Liberal discount. AddressJ. R. MILLER,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Give territory desired.(24-7t)WantedYoung men, 17 upward, desiringRailway Mail Clerkships, $110 permonth. Write for free particulars,examinations, J. LEONARD, (formerGovernment Examiner), 935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.IT. S. SCHOOL OF CIVIL SERVICE,(Incorporated.)Hudnali's Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11:20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel 12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 pt':n.Arrive Millersburg 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p.m.Both Phones 204.Residence For SalePrivatelyBrick residence at corner Eleventh and Main streets, Paris, Ky.Contains eight rooms, sleepingporch, new bath, gas, electricity,brick mantels, etc. Interior finishedin mahogany and old ivory. Twolarge cellars. Large lot 68 by 170feet. New stieet improvements fullypaid for. Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,Farmers' & Traders' Bank Building,Paris, Ky. (mar5-tf)Public SaleOFResidence!We, the undersigned agents forKelley Haley and Sam Weathers,will sell at public auctionTuesday, March 1620,at 10:30 a. m., on the premises, inClintonville, Ky., a four-room cottage and about two acres of ground.House contains four rooms, halls,front and back porches, in first-classcondition; has splendid cistern andwell: good stock barn and all othernecessary outbuildings. The property is in first-class condition andis an ideal home. Terms easy andwill be Vnade known on day of sale.For further particulars, apply toSAM WEATHERS AND KELLEYHALEY, Clintonville, Ky., orHARRIS, SPEAKES &. HARRIS,Real Estate Dealers, Paris. Ky.(5-3t)BROWN AND OX-BLOODSHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINES SAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALUS PACKAGESAlso PASTES and LIQUIDS for Black, Tan and White ShoesTHE F. F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD- BUFFALO. N. Y.0CAl(lONC DISTAWClThe "Soulless Corporation"Because the Telephone Company is a corporationo uui ucucoaoiuj wean mai it is witnout Honor or the desire to deal fairly; that it is not as anxious as any other business enterprise to serveyou satisfactorily, at a fair price, and to merityour good will.Corporationseven public service corporationsare simply associations of men and women,managed and operated by men and women, all ofwhom are just as human as men and women inother walks of life.These men and women who are the TelephoneCompany have every reason for trying their bestto make their management and service acceptableto you their places, pay and promotion dependupon just that thing!Fr T.?? "souHess corporation' when you thinkof the Telephone Company think, instead, of themen and women vho compose it. Gie them atleast "the benefit of the doubt.""At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.1 LUIAL IlONCDTA!tCniranmniirMiigyVeatch(Incorp orated)I liar WTrrY ITT tt rt - 11A-'Akjt iui . v i-i i :-i nnnn i r-o i n Tn.-. raA MAN AND HIS WIFEExecutor's Notice !CAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPThere's a poor show for the man- Prompt and Cottrteons Attention toager vuo nasnt a good QueAll persons having ' claims againstthe estate of Moses Baerlo, deceased,formerly of Cincinnati, Ohio, andParis, Ky., are requested to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned executor.at Paris, Ky., for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMoses Baerlo are requ,ested to makeprompt and full settlement of saidindebtedness wit-h the undersignedExecutor, at 5aris, Ky. -B7 FRIEDMAN'.(12-3wks-wkly 'may both derive satisfaction-by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledge. that you are effecting a great; ving, must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone169 'Patrons..0tfl .t -,-JL-rtTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY -' . ,'TUESDAY, MARCH IS, 1920PAGE THRUSATS SHE HADUFLU" 5 TIMESWYEARSystem Badly Weakened As Result Vola-Tonic Gave HerStrength.Men and women who had influenza and experienced the weakened,run down condition in which thedisease leaves the system will knowhow Mrs. G-. M. Rutledge felt untilshe took Vola-Tonic recently. Mrs.Rutledge, who lives at 1921 Windsor street, Cincinnati, O., said shehad influenza three times and wasin a weakened condition as a result."The three attacks of influenzaleft me badly weakened and rundown," Mrs. Rutledge said. "I hadsevere headaches constantly and mynerves were out of order also."Vola-Tonic was recommended tome so highly that I got a b'ottle andstarted taking it. Before I hadtaken Vola-Tonic two days I noticeda change all over Jmy system. Icould see that I was getting stronger. "I kept od taking Vola-Tonicand now I am better in a greatmany ways."I know Vola-Tonic is a goodmedicine and I'm sure it would provevery beneficial in many cases likemine if taken according to directions." Thousands of men and wcien whohad influenza are still sufferingfrom the nagging, energy-sapping-aftereffects of the disease. Theyhave "been unable to get back normal strength and health. In manyinstances ailing conditions of thestomach, liver and kidneys seem tohe distinctly worse since influenzacame.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is what many of these men and wqmen need. Vola-Tonic invigoratesthe entire system and builds up newstrength and better health.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is being specially introduced inParis, at Varden & Son'.s(adv)oDesired Result Achieved.Hazel had disobeyed her mother,who had chided her for it, without anyapparent effect. The fact that she haddone wrong worked upon the girl'sconscience, evidently, for she went uito her mother and said humbly;"Please don't scold any longer,mamma, 'cause 1 feel bad enougiabout it now."LARGE NUMBER OF GUESTS ATFATHER AND SONBANQUET.Ui UUlAJjU IMM '"I(IIIiIIaIX1POR THIS WEEKO25c Salmon 20c30c Salmon 25c !?40c Salmon. 35c yii25c Tomatoes 20c IIIGood Brooms 50c jjjjHeinz Pork and Beanslarge size 15c ::Look for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the Court ::House. IThree deliveries each day. .Both phones.oMrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.We'll Keep Downthe Price10 MEN'SOvercoats$13.50Worth DoubleBetter Goods at Proportionate Prices.IF YOU'LLSTOP HEREYOU'LLBUY HERETwin Br osMen's Store. X. WOIISTEUr, ProprietoreitlUimftreftVThe Father & Son Banquet, givenunder the auspices of the churches ofParis, at the Y. M. C. A., on Thursday, was a great success. Betweenone hundred and sixty and one hundred and seventy were in attendance.Following the introduction of thetoast-master by H. A. Power, General Chairman of the Committee, thefollowing responded to toasts. Mr.Ussery Taul, Alonzo Jacoby, J. T.Tucker, and L. F. Zerfoss of Lexington. Mr. H. A. Power read a let-:ter of greeting to the Fathers & Sonsof Bourbon County from formerSecretary Z. L. Wilcox who is nowat Davenport, Iowa.The musical selections by Mrs.Macie Fithian, Mrs. Edward F. Prichard and Mr. Clay Sutherland and theorchestra were among the most appreciated numbers on the program.The following is a list of thosepresent:L. D. Harris.R. T. Harris.John F. Young. '-John F. Young, Jr.S. T. Chipley.Cletis Chipley.R. F. Clendenin.Williard Tucker.Frank Collier.William Collier.Joe James.Reuben Arnsparger.Dr. S. P. Mohney.Palmer Speakes.O. Short.Chas. Terry.Harris Tacket.Jas. Dockenbrode.Jas. Daugherty.Robert Hall.Thos. Taul.Ussery Taul.Noah Hinton. ,Walter S. Cain.Theo. S. Smylie.Joe Hutchison.H. A. Power.Robt. Meglone.Lee Kirkpatrick.Alonzo Jacoby.W. O.-Hinton.Robt. Harris.Jas. T. Tucker.Craig Tucker.L. F. Zerfoss.C. B. Harrison.R. C. Ferguson.J. D. McClintock.Wendell Reading.William Marshall.J. O. Marshall.William Coughlin.H. R. Crull.E. H. Gorey. ' rJames L. Gorey.S. W. Willis.Harry B. Clay. "' "William T. O'Neill.William T. O'Neill, Jr.Bryan Collins Redmon.H. S. Redmon.C. H. Collier. ?Blanton Collier.M. E. Collier. ",James Collier.D. Y. L. Farley.George Adams.E. J. Burris.Will L. Burris.O. L. Davis.Carl Dykes.C. P. Cook.Chas. P. Cook, Jr.Norwood Cook.Clarence Kenney.Wm. B. Kenney.S. E. McClanahan.R. S. McClanahan.Eugene Connor.E. F. Prichard.W. G. McClintock.Jas. Collier McClintock.John J. ConnelLEugene Connell.W. E. Curtis. "' ""Edward Doty.Chas. Greene. ,lrfJohn Chas; Greene.Rudolph Bratton.Clay Sutherland.Garrard Daugherty.Garrett Jefferson.Archie Parker.J. J. Veatch.W. O. Cruse. " s.T. W. Spieer. ' ?Thos. Spieer.W. T. TalbotfcEdward Hibler.Horace Bartlett.Arthur Bartlett.Duke Payne. "Thomas Hubbard.A. S. Thompson. ' JHomer Stone. ' 'Edwin Rice.Julian Howe, Jr.A. J. Hornbeck.William Dennison.C. P. Mann. ' 'S. W. Shively.Harold Shively.L. M. Van Hook.Harry Morrison.Newton Mitchell.Jas. Reading.Robert Burnett.Frank Santen.Jas. Douglas, Jr.J. S. Douglas, Sr.Gilbert Lytle.William R. Lytle.Clifton Arnsparger.Everett Hall.Edgar Hill. rBilly Wilson.J. S. Wilson.J. S. Wilson, Jr.Robert Harbison. tWm. Mclntyre.M. M. Sheffield.Thos. McClintock.Wm. M. Talbott..Bryant Doty.Maurice Clark. 'A. Barnett Winters.A. L. Boatright.Grover Baldwin.Miss Esther Boatright.Miss Jessie L. Rose.Mrs. E. F. PrichardiMrs. Clay Sutherland.Mrs. Macie Fithian.Miss Elizabeth Crntchtr.Mrs. Fanrriebelle Sutherland.A. L. Burley.Collins Hall.A. T. Bratton.Alva Bratton. . .H. L. Baldwin. , : -Vail Baldwin.Harry Baldwin, Jr. i ;..,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.OFT OFF CORNS!Mrs. Henry A. Power is convalescing from a recent severe illness.Miss Elizabeth Gregory has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati.Miss Emma Smith has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. JohnW. Taylor, in Cynthiana.John M. Brennan is sojourning for ten days at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Ind.Mrs. Daniel Sullivan and children have returned from a visit toMrs. H. K. Hamilton, in Carlisle.' Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftis ill at her home on Second street,being threatened with pneumonia.Mrs. H. W. Mann is convalescent after an illness of two months,and is able to be up and about herhome.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hill have returned to Paris after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. A. D. Hughes, in Versailles. Mrs. Lucy Fesler has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling, after avisit to relatives in Paris and in thecounty.Jesse Owens, who has beenseriously ill at his home on SouthMain street, is reported as improving slowly.John F. Davis has been confin-jed to his home on Vine street for afew days by an illness not of a serious nature.Mrs George W. Ransom was aguest for the week-end of herdaughter, Mrs. Charles Bowles, inWalton, Ky.Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford andMiss Eva Wasson have gone to Martinsville, Indiana, for a three-weeks'stay at the Springs.Mrs. Ed. Tucker entertainedwith an afternoon bridge party, ather home on High street, in honorof Mrs. A. S. Glasgow.Mrs. Archie Bedford, who wasseriously burned some time ago bythe explosion of a gas stove, hayabout recovered from her injuries.Mrs. Neville Fisher, guest ofAirs. W. H. Fisher, at her home onMt. Airy avenue, in this city, has returned to her home in Georgetown.Miss Fannie Shropshire, a former resident of Paris, has returnedto her home in Georgetown, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.Mrs. N. B. Hedges, who hasbeen a patient at Massie MemorialHospital for several weeks, has recovered sufficiently to be removedto her home.Miss Belle Horton, of nearParis, is. visiting Mrs. Fielding Gordon, in Nashville, Tenn. Mrs. Gordon was formerly Miss Ruth Mongan, of Paris.Mrs. Lou Letton has movedfrom her country home on theJackstown pike to the residence onMain street, in Paris, which she recently purchased.Forrest Letton, who has beenill for some time at his home nearParis, has been removed to theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, for treatment.Mrs. Laura Estill Frances andMrs. Lavina Estill Chenault Cunnigham have returned from a visiito friends and relatives in Lexington and in Richmond, their oldhome.Y. H. Harrison, of the clericalforce in the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad office, is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, where herecently underwent an operationfor appendicitis.Miss Laura Lilleston has asguest at her home on Houston avenue, Miss Blanche Clark, daughterof Rev. J. L. Clark, of Mt. Sterling,formerly in charge of the ParisMethodist church.Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Ferguson,former Bourbonites, are both patients in the Georgetown Hospital,where Mrs. Ferguson recently underwent a severe surgical operation.Both are improving rapidly.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Fitzwater, recently returned from theirbridal tour, were guests Saturdayand Sunday of the latter's parents,Mr. and Mrs. James Rye, and family,in this city. They will make theirhome in Cynthiana, where Mr. Fitzwater is engaged in business.Capt. Brogus, of the Universityof Kentucky, was a business visitorin Paris for the week-end. Capt.Brogus was here in the interest ofthe movement to build a memorialhall on the campus at Kentucky University in honor of the 'Central Kentucky boys, who died during theworld war. Bourbon county is asked to furnish a quota toward thefund.Mr. and Mis. Irvin Keller, enroute to their home in New York,after a bridal tour to points in theWest and South, were guests Fridayof Mrs. Keller's parents, Mr. andMrs. William Myall. Mr. and Mrs.Keller, accompanied by the latter'slittle daughter, Elizabeth MyallDaniel, left Saturday night for NewYork, to reside in the future.Miss Clennie Lusby, formerlyof Paris, is a guest of Mrs. N. A.Moore and other friends in thiscity. For the past two years MissLusby has been a reconstructionaide on the staff of the MedicalCorps at Ft. McHenry, near Baltimore, Md., where the United" StatesGovernment has established a mammoth reconstruction hospital? andvocational training school forreturned soldiers. Miss Lusby willgo to Asheville, N. C, at the conclusion of her visit here, to engagein reconstruction aide and institutional work.(Other Personals on Page 5.)E. T. Hinton.Cecil Arnold.Arthur B. -Hancock.M. Peale Collier.Robt. Collier -A.E. SwearengenVRussell Lenox.Apply few drops then lift sore,touchy corns off withfingersDoe?n' hurt a bit! Drop a littleFree2onc on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then you lift it right out. Yes,magic!A tiny bottle of Freezone costsbut a few cents at any drug store,but is sufficient to remove everyhard corn, soft corn, or com between the toes, and the calluses,without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. 'It iswonderful. (adv)oDeterminfng the Seasons.The periods known as the seasonsare determined astronomically by theapparent movement of the sun (thereal movement of the earth) in theecliptic, or its journey around thesun. The passage of the sun acrossthe equator, bringing on days ofgreater length than the night, marksthe vernal or spring equinox for thenorthern hemisphere, and the autumnal eauinox for the southern heml- Usphere, the seasons in the two hemispheres being always reversed-BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides ! '18th St., opp. Martin Bros. 'Cumberland Phone 374. j(ldec-6m-T) IO" TCTvrairv1URfessional act isevery pro-Operformed in a satisfactory manner.Our experiencedmethods and the justness of our businessconduct are abovecriticism.rirriMHIIIIiiiFSililftflillkiiHkM1!.LJ!MdTTTn--!-- I'll. l'kJW--'- -- .----."JO5 g 3a5The soprano may be a downrightsuccess even when she is all up inthe air.CASCARAMA il fltfDrugstores Sell ItFive million peopleuse it to KILL COLDSmix'sQUININE&lOMilStandard cold remedy for 20 years-in taDiet xorm sale, sure, noopiates breaks up a cold ia 24ours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redp with Mr. Hillspicture.At All Drug StarWEev"1 n illlll HW TKUIXDW ''O! Sft."Nm n.-jjj.irprrptiers For IThe Housewife LongsElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots. CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, 4gg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so mudh labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERET. W. SPICER1 MAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEmmwM-iilMthk'3rSr-J7tiigilSGEO; W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299. Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'VsBBgB$J;E-"LJ lTirBBTHE NORTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56' AUTO -TRACK WAGONOver 100,000Standardized Auto-trackWagons Have Been Sold. This Alone Tells the Story of the FutureDURING the war our Government asked the wagon manufacturers of theUnited States to conserve wagon-building material and labor from the forestto the finished product by doing away with all unnecessary styles and sizesof wagons. So the leading manufacturers got together and decided that the bestway to do this would be to make a standardized wagon. The 56-inch auto-trackwagon of today is the result. ,This wagon was found to be so much better than any of the odd-track wagons,like the' old 60-inch wagon, that now the principal manufacturers are makingnothing but this type. It lasts longer, pulls easier, and rides better than the widetrack wagon because all four wheels follow the automobile rut while only twowheels of the wide-track travel in the now universal 56-inch ruts that we findwherever there are automobiles which is everywhere.Today there have been sold between 1 00,000 and 1 50,000 standardized autotrack wagons, such as the Weber, in the United States and the number is increasing every dayr Some manufacturers and dealers who were overstocked withwide-track wagons and material are still selling the now out-of-date wide-trackwagons, but there, are not many farmers buying them because the farmer of todayis just as up-to-date as anyone and is too smart to let a dealer sell him out-of-dategoods, and for which repairs may be very difficult to get in just a few years.That's why we sell the Weber Standardized Auto-Track Wagon. We "J1 -V L .1 .. t t .1 ' .. -11 . --1Know ic s me wagon mac every progressive rarmer in mis community will want.The Weber has a number of patented and exclusive features that will interest you.Let us show them to you. "THE C. S. BALL OARAGECorner Fourth and Pleasant Sts.uTHE SOUTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 5S AUTO -TRACK WAGOHO1313t.IIXIXIIX-M- -ixs- v.Sr7;"-,"j f-!V J, '0f -TtKas. - S" :- j Ijr. .. A'V -' i'$JjtPAGBF0GBTHE BOURBON NEWS; PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCIt 1, 120.'hI- -.,vSOME "CHAEMEE,'The following published under aParis date line in the daily papers afew days ago, is now making therounds of the country papers:'"Annie Lawson, 17, of Jackson.Breathitt county, who is visitingrelatives in Paris, has the most peculiar money-making occupation onrecord. On the hills surroundingJackson, rattlesnakes, vipers andracers abound. Her youthful ,playmade her familiar with the habitsand haunts of the reptiles, and nowshe is considered the most expertsnake catcher in Breathitt county.Last summer she made a big catchof lattla-snakes and sold them at ahandsome profit to an Eastern dealer. She has a contract during thocoming spring and summer to furnish sn'akes at a fancy price for a j the sewer system remedied, estimat-. COSNCH, PROCEEDINGSThe Paris City Council met inregular session in the Council Chamber in the City Hall, with Councilman John J. Williams presiding asMayor protem. Mayor E. B. January explained that he had takenasevere cold at the fire on Main street,Wednesday morning, which had affected his hearing, and designatedMr. Williams to act in his place asI presiding officer.After the reading of minutes ofthe previous meeting and the disposition of minor business affairs, theCouncil took up for discussion thematter of putting in condition thesoutheast sewer built last year byContractor A. D. Sant, and whichthe city refused to accept. A resolution was' adopted instructing CityEngineer A. H. Boerner to employ aforce of men and have the defects inY. M. C. A. EDUCATIONALSERVICE.carnival show. Her last season'scatch netted her about ?500."oXEPORT YOUR CHANGE OF ADDRESS TO US PROMPTLYSubscribers to THE NEWS who.are moving from one place to another are urgently requested to reporttheir change of address to thisoffice promptly in order that the papernjiay reach them regularly. It isnecessary in reporting a change togive your old address as well as yournew one, and to give the -name just- as it appears on the paper. For in-ing the cost and notifying the bonding company.John T. Collins, for the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co., and Dan W.Peed, for the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co., appeared before the Board and made shorttalks on the matter of license taxfor their tobacco sales warehouses.It was agreed that both companiespay yearly license tax of $400 oneach of their tobacco houses, andthe same prorated, for their thirdwarehouse, both of which were completed after the sale season opened.Councilman Spears, of the Improvement Committe, reported that hehad received a bid on a steam rollerstance, ii your paper comes aaaress-, t0 cost 55,300, delivered in Paris,ed to John Smith, do not send in the . He also reported that the commit-order to have it changed to J. J.Smith. It is confusing, and maycause the wrong paper to bechanged., Many subscribers neglect to atend lo this important matter andthen wonder why they do not getthe paper. They can save us, as welltee was In correspondence with theKentucky Actuarial Bureau looking to a probable reduction in insur-i ance rates provided the city wouldimprove its 'fire-fighting facilities bythe addition of a new modern fireautomobile pumping engine to giveadditional water pressure.Jefferson Smith was grantedas themselves, much trouble by J permit to make an addition to hismalting prompt report of change ofaddress.. o -STATE BANKS HAVING A PROSPEROUS ERA.residence on Fifteenth street, tocost approximately $1,000. Permission was give.n to the Colored YoungMen's Club to conduct a dance atthe U. B. F. Hall, on Eighth streeten Wednesday night, March 30.Chief of Police Link was given in-State banks i "-tucky are hav-' structions to stop the parking of auing their mest piv -perous era. This tomobiles on Main street betweenstatement was raa-'o by State Bank- j Bank Row and Fourth street, so thati-ng Commissioner Speer. He said the fire department would not meet"The twenty-third condensed state- j interference in making turns at thement of Kentucky State banks shows intersecting streets in case of fire.a remarkable growth in resources The duty of carrying out this proband deposits since the BankmgxDe- vision was delegated to Patrolmanpartment was created July 1, 1912Resources have increased in sevenyears from 110,096,102.83 to"1236,969,653. S3 or an increase of115 per cent."Deposits have increased in thesame time from '$73,040,497.04 to$188,459,445.25, or an increase of158 per cent."We have had only two Statehank failures since April, 1916.One will pay out in full and theother will be settled with only asmall loss to creditors."oA woman thinks a good way tocap the climax is with a new hat.Robert Lusk. After approving alarge number of claims against thecity and hearing the report of CityClerk Hayden as to collection ofback ta,xes the Council adjourned.OIL NOTES.The Little Banjo Oil Companywith headquarters in Paris, is duein this week with its second well onthe Vess Peters farm, in Elliottcounty. Machinery is being movedto the Henry Wheeler tract, in thesame section for ai early test.The Young Men's Christian Association has a national plan of educational service for men who belonged to the uniformed force of theUnited States in the great war,which includes vocational guidance,lectures and free scholarships inschools, colleges and universities,and in many kinds of home studycorrespondence courses. This planis being operated through the StateCommittee of the Y. M. C. A. and thelocal city and county associations.Each city or county association isauthorized to appoint an educationalservice committee, which will receive applications for scholarshipsfrom ex-service men who are interested in securing further educationlo prepare themselves for a largerand more useful career and who needfinancial assistance to attain theirpurpose.On or about March 20 th the committee will award scholarships inlocal or near-by schools" and in correspondence courses, ranging invalue from $10 to $100.00 to themost worthy candidates, as far asthe limits of the District Fund willpermit. These scholarships willprovide free tutition, under certainconditions, may also include othernecessary expenses. The scholarship becomes -effective at once.The State Committee of the Y. M.C. A. has the sum of $4,580 to bedistributed in Collegiate Scholarships. Each scholarship provides asum ranging from $50 to $300, according to the needs of the' applicant, and may be applied on'the tuition, books, board and. lodging, etc.,during the full college year, beginning early in 1920. Applications forCollegiate Scholarships should bemade through the County Educational Service Committee, who willmake recommendations to the StateCommittee.Application blanks and furtherinformation may be obtained fromthe members of the County Committee, or by writing State DistrictSecretary or Supervisor EducationalWork, 34 5 Y. M. C. A. Building,Louisville, Kentucky.Interasted men are advised to fileapplications as soon as possible.County Commutes in the Districtare as follows: fMason, George Kirk, Maysville;Montgomery, G. B. Sneff, Mt. Sterling: Fleming, J. M. Mclntire,Flemingsburg; Powell, Prof. L. E.McConagah, Stanton; Bath, D. J. "H.Daiiey, Owingsville; Nicholas, I. B.Ross, Carlisle; Rowan, S. Lee McGohen, Morehead; Menifee, J. CooperWilliams. Frenchburgr Robertson,Prof. Cleveland Moore, Mf. Olivet;Bourbon, W. O. Hinton, Paris; Harrison, Chester M. Jewett, CyntbianSHEJ7AS PARTICULAR ABOUTTHE PLACE.They're telling a good one on awell-known young Paris businessman, a young fellow who is verypopular with the ladies, and whoseone desire is to always win favorin theinsight. This is what broughthim the repartee from one youngwoman in Paris. Feeling very"chesty" as any well-groomedyoung fellow would who knows theworld has been good to him.thisyoung man attended the vaudevilleperformance at the Grand Fridaynight. At the close of the performance, as they were putting ontheir wraps in the lobby the youngfellow, with a look of admirationfor the fair young creature at hisside remarked: "On my honor, youare a picture. You look goodenough to eat." Quick as flash camethe pat answer: "Glad to hear it.Shall we go to Dale's or to TheSweet Shop?" The last seen of themwas when they headed .toward theDale restaurant, intont on makingthe best of the situation.PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, March 16. Geo.Walsli, in "The Shark;" Ruth Roland, in "The Adventures of Ruth;"Prizma Colorpicture, "The .Cost ofCarelessness."To-moirow, Wednesday, March '17Viola Dane, in "The WillowTree;" Sunshine Comedy "TheSchool House Scandal;" Topics ofThe Day; Bray Pictograph.Thursday, March 18 ConstanceTalmage, in "An Experimental Marriage;" Pathe Review; Vod-a-VilMovies.EJ.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen FurnitureHaving"sold my property, I will sell at public sale, onThursday, March 25, 1920.iat 1:30 o'clock p, m- prompt on Cypress Street, Paris, Kentucky,$be following:C Library Furniture;Dining Room Furniture, quarter-sawed oak;, Bed Room Furniture; -v,'v 1 handsome Hat Rack;r 1 1 Wash Stand Set;;-V Tables, Chairs and Pictures; .fX All the above furniture is hand carved; t . .- m Iron Beds;1 Kitchen Table:1 French Clock; "T 1 Miller Range;' Many other articles too numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS. J. T. BROWN,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer Paris, Ky.(mar 16-19-23)ATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidsrrowth and Quality. Ourstocks of SWIfT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsrivt fCK ixini rtMAdn,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manu-! f actured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your palch beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)TO INSPECT FACTORY.NORMAN CERTIFIED DAIRY FARMAT PUBLIC AUCTIONTHURSDAY, MARCH 25, 1920, 9&0 A. M.Mr. Norman has instructed uij to sell this splendid farm, containing 1S9& acres, located one-half mile south of English Station, on theShelbyville Elec. It. R. It's one of the finest dairy farms in the state.W'HI he sold in three separate tracts, or as, a whole.IMPLEMENTSAn excellent line of modernFarm Implements, practicallynew. Binders, Mowers, Drills,Manure Spreaders, Walking and 'Riding Plows and Harrows,Wagons, Hay Rakes, Carts,Scales, Ensilage Cutter, 11 H,P. Gasoline Engine, Corn Crusher, Small Tools.A SPLENDID"DAIRY HERDA carefully culled Dairy Herd,only the best producers andmoney makers. All have recently passed Federal and StateTubercular teat."KING ALCARTRA GLEN,-'registered Holstein, grandson of$50,000 bull: -11 High-grade Holatein Cows.2 Registered Jersey Cows.' High-grade Jersey Cows.Gray Mare; 2 Bay Horses.MITON cmitRi ca.PEMCE I'MMM CI.S.LMKIIM.TRACT NO. 1140.11 acres, watered by neverfailing springs, with a splendidtwovstory frame residence, of 8rooms, bath and sleeping porchall modern conveniences. New-r-absolutely modern CertifiedDairy Barn iO cow capacitywith all the latest improvements,electric lights and runningwater, modern 3-room dairy"house, spring house, 3-room tenant house, and-several well-builtout buildings.TRACT NO. 239 acres, every acre will growfirst-class tobacco about loacres is woodland pasture fronting over 1,500 feet on theFfshervllie Pike,. and containingseveral beautiful bvlldlng sites.TRACT NO34.14 acrw fronting on Flshtrvflie Pike, with new 8-room wellhmlit cattage, located In smallJeevtt grore. Tract No. 3 is sitsjted between aad adjoiningjtoftet Jf, 1 aa4Na. 2.KJLTen representatives of the CentralKentucky Ligh.t and Power Company, will leave on a special trainwith other Kentucky representatatives for Dayton, Ohio, to attendthe three days' annual conventionand entertainment given all employes who are winners of the company's grand prizes, held at theDayton factories Thursday, Fridayand Saturday, March 18, 19 and 20.The delegation, all honor members of .the Kilowatt Club, havingsold one thousand watts of business,each watt being the unit by whichihe company measures the sales, arewinners of the free trip, witti A. H.Thompson, general manager of theLexington branch, products, incharge, is composed of A. H. Thompson, H. McManus, Paris; T. G. McCrosky, Harrodsburg; C. L. Mains,Maysville; E. C. Reynolds, Midway;W. Smathers, Richmond; WillWalker, Lancaster Fred Davison,Richmond; W. L. Johnson, Winchester, and Leonard Campbell, Cyntliana. These representatives of ththe company, with one thousandother salesmen, will be entertainedextensively in Dayton at the expenseof the factory, where theatre parties,sales conferences and other featureswill be held.SWIFT & C0S WEEKLY PEODUCE MAEKET KEPORT. 'The poultry movement is saasonable and there are no particularchanges in dressed poultry marketin the large Eastern centers. ,Receipts of eggs are increasingand prices have worked lower on allthe larger markets. This conditionwill probably continue until a storage basis is reached.Deliveries of cream continue lightand the imports of foreign butter'have not been exceptionally heavy, tThe make, has not been sufficient for"Aaitnait o toiViiuvpair AilTrnTiiA iw VfXit. 4bAUOCU 0. 1CJJipVM.CMJ AUTO.UOC ill UULU lj3buying and selling prices. ol1 Money FoundA sum of money has been foundon streets of Paris. Owner mayhave same by proving property andpaying advertising charges.(16-2t).Tenant WantedTenant to raise 12 acres of tobaccoand 40 acres of corn. Referencesrequired.HUME PAYNE,(tf) R. F. D. 6, Paris, Ky. 'iHigh School AuditoriumMonday and Tuesday Nights,March 22nd and 23rdROSTAND"The White Mahatma"That mysterious man with the master mind. Hesees the invisible. He does the impossible. In his famous; MAHATMA FIRE ACTand many other puzzling and entertaining features.Startlingr mystifying, weird, wizardy. unsurpassed. "Inall the world no other performance like this."Admission 25c and 50c' Agents WantedWanted, man with team or auto,who can give bond to sell 137 Watkins Home and Farm products.Biggesl concern of kind in world.$1,500 to ?5,000 yearly income.This county open. Write to-day.J. R. WATKINS CO.,(It) Dept. 112, Winona, Minn.ER!LUMBWe are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyAdvance Styles for Young Men InHart Schaf f ner & Marx andKirschbaum ClothesVOUNG MEN are keen for style;A and we know it so well that weprepare ;for that demand and withgreatest care.There are no clothes more stylish,more dignified, in better taste thanthese new ones from these makers."One, two and three button single-breasted suits;coats a little longer; square notched lapels; lapels a littlelower; openings lower.Then there are. the smart double -breasteds; youought to see them all.It isn't less important to remember thatthese clothes are all wool and perfectly (tailored. Young men realize as well asany of us the economy of bestN quality.Copyright 1919,MartScIiaffner&MarxYou Don't Have to Go Any Further ThanHere For the Best Values in Town--$22.50 to $65.00R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.y'-iKi 'XhnKjjHe im. . jm - te . aji T b. .... 1 i. . J' "V TrrL- - "v ? n. " ; . " . ----,, .. air-r v.t vff - ' j. s -.-"f1T -rE'V-,.. s"" TUESDAY, MARCH 16. 1920.THE BOUBBOS TSEWSj PARIS, KENTUCKY-pr AGE riYBM- :"1 1M,.s,-gSirafefeFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's Yellow Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specialize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Q6mar-tf)INCUBATOR OIL.Use(It)good oil.We have it.C. P. COOK & CO.oMISSIONARY SOCIETY TO HOLDEASTER SALE.The Junior Missionary Society othe Paris Methodist church willhold an Easter sale of edibles in theoffice of the Lee-Kent Oil Company,en Main street, on Saturday, April3. The pationage of the public isinvited.HOME SEWING WEEK.Save money during Home SewingWeek, beginning Monday, March 15,by buying piece goods and McCall'sPatterns fromB. M. TUNE,607 Main Street, Paris, Ky.oGOOD STOCK SALE.At the Caywood & McMillan stockbarns, on South Main street J. W.Flora sold nineteen head of highgrade milch cows at prices rangingfrom $99 to $200 each, averagingaround $140 a head Mr. Flora hasretired from the dairy business andis now a member of the Bishop &Flora real estate agency, in thiscity.oADMINISTRATORS aUALIFYIn the County Court, Allen T.Current, who was appointed as administrator of the estate of the lateEli Current, qualified for the trustby furnishing bond in the sum of$10,000. Mrs. Frankie DorseyBiddle qualified as administrator ofthe estate of her deceased husband,Robert Biddle, qualifiying by furnishing bond in the sum of $2,000.DALE'S POPULAR RESTAURANTINVITES PUBLIC PATRONAGEHaving purchased the interest ofmy partner, Mr. Ray Harris, in therestaurant business of Harris &Dale, I will continue the restaurantbusiness at the same location onMain street. It will be my constantaim to serve only the very highestclass and most wholesome food themarket affords, and at reasonableprices, in keeping with flrst-iclasoservice. My friends and the publicare cordially invited to call andfavor me with their patronage.(It) WM. S. DALE.f SPRING HATS ARE READYBe onfe of the earlv ones to makea choice. Our stock of Stetsonsoffer you any style you may want.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oAUTOS COLLIDE.While en route to Versailles, Saturday the machine in which M. O.Biddle, of Paris, was riding, collidedabout five miles from Lexingtonwith another car, coming from thedirection of Lexington and badlydamaged. Two men and one woman, all unknown to Mr. Biddle,were occupants of the other car.No one was injured. Mr. Biddleproceeded to Lexington, where repairs were made, and continued onhis journey.oTUNE'S SPECIALS THIS WEEK.Woolen goods, silks, silk poplins,dress gingljtams, shirting Madj-asend curtain materials. Watch ourwindows for specials on these articles this week.B. M. TUNE,Agent for McCall's Patterns andPublications.607 Main Street, Paris, Ivy.EEMODELING WORKGRESSING.PRO-The work of remodeling the interior of the old livery stable on Mainstreet, formerly occupied by Tos. G.Morris, is progressing steadily.When completed the place will beoccupied as a garage and repairshop by Dickerson & Son, who atpresent are located on Tenth street.The old stable has a local history,as in its time it was the headquarters of the stage line operated between Lexington, Paris and Limestone, (now Maysville.) Jack Hook,then one of the best-known reinsmen, handled the ribbons over fourfancy horses attached to the stagecoach, and afterward used the stable as a training place for trotters,in which he became interested.Workmen are busily engaged intearing out the interior of the old-cMirioT, hiifiriinir. which, it is tola,is to give way to the erection of amodern hotel building. The rear endof the old house has been tornaway. The lumber and other available material is being taken to theXalapa Farm of Edward Simms, nearParis, to be used in constructionwork in progress there.The sound of the haramernd sawis being heard -with greater frequency as spring approches, and theprediction is made that tlie carpenters and construction men will bevery busy in - thi8.v city soon. Airready X Jarge number of contract!J&ve been let for the construction-of'.-,. . ,., kiiv. needed here assmui .huubcw, " -te fcotteia prbWem-hasTry preerfn -'becowt":SOCIAL A21D PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our, People Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Susie Harbin, who hasbeen very ill at her home on Cypressstreet, is considerably improved.Mrs. John Shearer has returned to her home in this city, after aviait io lnenas and relativesLondon, Ky.mSeveral from Paris and thecounty attended the performance ofTea For Three," at the LexingtonOpera House.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinshave secured passports and willleave an March 20 for a month's tripto Cuba and Florida.-Mr. and Mrs. H. EarliDickersonand Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson, ofLexington, were week-end guests ofMr. and Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin, ofButler, and . Mrs. James Harrisonand Jos. Harrison, of Carlisle, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Thomason, near Paris.Miss Anita Thomas entertainedrecently at her home in Frankfort.St. Patrick decorations, lilies of thevalley and hyacinths were usedCharlton Clay, of Paris, was one oftbe guests.Mrs.Ossian Edwards, en t Prtainedat bridge Satiirdnv nftoT-noon, at her home on Main street,in honor of Mis. A. L. Glasgow, whowiftvleave this week for her home inRichmond, Va.The Progressive Culture Club'sprogram for the meeting to be heldThursday, is as follows: "The Flying Dutchman," Mrs. H. E. Foster;"Tannhauser," Miss Ball; "Lohengrin," Miss Tarr.L. G. Thurston, of Lexington,has accepted a position as travelingsalesman with the Power GroceryCo., in this city, with headquartersin Lexington, and his territory covering Harrison, Roberfson and Bourbon counties.The Bourbon Art Club held aninteresting and profitable meetingat their club rooms, No. 1035 Mainstreet, Saturday afternoon at 2:30o'clock. A program of unusual interest was rendered and the afteinoon greatly enjoyed by the Clubmembers.Edsel May and family have moved from their former home near Little Rock, to a farm near Nicholasville, which they recently purchased. The home they have vacatedwas sold to Mr. and Mrs. Joe Wasson, of Nicholas county, who havemoved in.The Paris Literary Club willobserve the following program at theweekly meeting to be held to-morrowafternoon: "The Year of Oppression," Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.;"In Jerusalem When Herod Resigned," Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.:"The Apostolic Fathers," Miss LenaTalbott.S. Kenney Nichols and familyhave moved from the home at Highand Fifteenth streets, in this city,lecently sold, to their farm on theParis pike, in Fayette county. Mr.Nichols owns several hundred acresof the Haggan estate, and has one ofthe handsomest homes on the ParisLexington interurban line.Prof. E. M. Costello, who recentlysold his farm near North Middletown, with his brother, ThomaeCostello, and sister, Miss NannieCostello, have moved into their newhome, on the Bethlehem pike, nearParis, formerly the home of John C.Bedford. Prof. Costello will finishthe season as teacher in the NorthMiddletown Graded School.The "Kentuckians At FloridaResorts" column in Sunday'sCourier-Journal has the followingnote of Bourbon county visitors:"Miss Margaret Allen, Millersburg,Ky., is enoying a part of the seasonin Orlando, and has been entertainedat several charming social affairs. . .Miss Margaret B. Clark, Millersburg, is among arrivals at Kissimme." Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spearsentertained the Friday Bridge Clubat their home on Cypress street.The home was decorated beautfullyin the St. Patrick greens. A threecourse dinner was served at the conclusion of the games to the following guests: Mr. and Mrs. VirgilGaitskill, Mr. and Mrs. Wade Whitley, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Hinfon, Mr.and Mrs. White Varden, Mr. andMrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, Mr." andMrs. Fay Ardery, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mr. and Mrs. BrinchMeinertz, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ferguson, Miss uaroiyn itoseuerry,Mr. James G. Metcalfe. -"Shut-ins" at the Massie Memo-Vial Hospital are making satisfactoryprogress, according to reports fromThe institution yesterday. Dr. BruceSmith, suffering from double pneumonia is tgreatly improved his condition" yesterday being reported asvery favorable. Y. H. Harrison, whowas operated on a few days ago forappendicitis, is doing very nicely.Jas. L. Hillfc suffering from bloodpoisoning, was able to leave the Hospital, Sunday, and is at his home inWhite Addition. Robert Fuller,badly injured by heing run X)V,er bya motor truck, is rapidly recovering.Mrs. Jos. Stivers, who underwent asurgical operation last week, is resting comfortably.Mrs. Curtis Smith and son, William Renick Smith, of Los Angeles.Cali., have arrived to spend sometimp'in Paris as guests at the homeof the former's mother, Mrs. W. K.d;v qtiH Afr. and Mrs. JamesDuncan Bell, on High street Mrrcpnick Smith is now on the staff ofthe Motion Picture Weekly, published at Los Angelas, as special coutributor. Mr. Smith Has recently,contributed a series of articles tothe Vihcennes, Indiana, Commercial,n interviews with famous motionpicture stacs. He has lately inter-i viewed Mary JficKioru, Y-B TFairbanks, Gladys wwi,many, others who. have j eBn) , fnrhmR on the screen. Mr.fi;'a article on his visit to Dpug-roiilltu a w - . . i4.!..la Fairbanks has i- -he production -Cloud Roll Brt'i which was produced at the Palis Grand Opera Housesome time ago.Miss Edna Huffman has returned to her home in Covington aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis,Judge Harmon Stitt, formerlyof Paris, who has been very ill ofpneumonia at his home in Lexington, for several days, was reported asslightly improved yesterday.Wm. W. Dudley and Thos.Hornback, clerks at the Craven confectionary and restaurant, who havebeen confined to their home by illness, were reported yesterday as improving. Harry Linville returned Saturday from a sojourn at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Ind. Mr. Linville reports considerable improvement physically, and was sorry business engagements prevented his remaining longer at the Springs.Swift Champ, editor of THENEWS, returned Sunday night froma ten-days'' stay at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Indiana, leaving John Brennan to represent thissection of the grand old Commonwealth. A number of prominent Parisand Bourbon county democrats willgo to Louisville, Thursday, to attendthe get-together "love feast" to beheld there by the leaders of theparty. It is expected to be one ofthe biggest events of the year, andwill be largely -attended.Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary for Sunday School work ofthe Methodist church, returned yesterday afternoon from an extendedtrip taken in Middlesboro, Pineville,Barboursville, and a number ofother mountain cities in the interestof the work. He conducted institues at several places and reports amost successful trip.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oCHICKEN FEED.LittlePurina.(It)chicken feed. We haveC.P. COOK & CO.-oTO-MORROW "ST. PATRICK'STo-morrow, Wednesday, March17, will be a noted day on the calendar, as it will be St. Patrick'sDay, so named in honor of the patron saint of Ireland, whose memoryis revered around the world. Theday is one conspicuous above allthings by the "wearin' o' the green,"when everybody, irrespective of religious faith, color or degiee in thewoild, likes to put on the - littlesprig of green or the green badgewhich maiks the observance of "St.Patrick's Day " The wearing of .St.Patrick emblems is a tribute to thememory of the man whose greatnesswas limited only by his mortalframe. Services appropriate to theday will be held in all the Catholicchurches.T "FIREINSURANCEIs not expensive .- sAnd there is "y, cii ANo form of ' lT, l -Insurance more ' ,1"? "Important, ?, , 1Especially v jAt this time ,-"When there is ; ; "An Epidemic - .,S vOf Pires ' " ,'All over the ?sU" ' ..Country and . ADon't think j,That because several -;"Fires haven'tSwooped down 'i?On Paris - .Yet that they .-Won't but be ;Prepared withFire Insurance ,So when they- .Do come youyCan sleep just t ' )As well atNights asYou do now. ,Let us tell ."You more ,iyAbout Fire ' ,s 'Insurance. s"Remember yourProperty has increasedOne-third in the lastTwo years.Increase yourV ,Fire Insurance.'YERKEScVfarmers una TTMen muWe Invite theTo Tisit OurjrSfe.AHARRY SIMON224 W, Main St.Lexington, Ky;If We Can Get for Our REGULAR Pricethe Price Other Dealers Advertise as TheirSPECIAL Price We'd Be Tickled to Death!a i "$Here is an ExampleOur Sale Price on 12x15 Axminster Rug isAnotherRug AsWE SAVE YOUwe save on otherm i: - ' : ; v M - s 'HThere Are Only a Few Days I :of Our Sale Left Buy Now 1 !I -, 1 D !;9R B -ifl1! 1 lii " ? 1 - -I (ml rill 1 rmi m iLm m..,.,. 1 EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY ! SIXTH AND MIAIM H 1PEED' 9 ' '- ---:- -" ' - r-'-T; v wht. y w Krr. w m Jand see on display our nice line oft .Spring VoilesOrgandiesand White Goodsalso a full line of'Spring MillinerySuits, Coatsand Dressest- reasonable prices ,ct$110.00Dealer Advertises thisa BIG Special at$34.00 ON ONE RUG. We believehouse furnishings in same proportion.PublicStore'jMain StreetParis, Ky.V$144HIC Is-r-Sitf$vvi' ' wj-' wJ. - - I ' .' .--S . . - -r --- ' . -. -, -- .?JK"3inM"i ,"r ... i . "i v - -.-, . .jt " v- t. -k -- t , , tvk. -a' . . . .?jf-. ., . . J -U4. -$1. s J.s .4i , , J- i X. 2 . TJh!L.iJU. i.-rrf mi. . J XihMbklkfaiaKflBElffiBKHkly ww ' ww, 'TiyWrWWJ ww jw a jm jwam iwippip i iiwpiv'wj wwmw wiwwm ,wiip wwmw, n, re , -T i. -'"-" f2 KVi ' ' " . T.,1 J " a. -it, XfTfci-i . r j . J . I'l J- ' WI'f1,A t " ,A v yijTi.i jy.i ' - l 1 T.. ..- -'1t , ? . t. . , V . .? V. J.- , t , f aMt ;' .1 ..j C '---r' ' , W ' ,V I -r AGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTOTBDAT, MARCH If, 1M.ulr rftxrVfc-H"Vpi.Afcwiufve?. V,taSYRUP 0FnISLAXATIVEFORLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach, liver andBowelsLAW PASSED EEGULATDK AUTOTRAEEKJ.Accept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and howels.Children love its delicious fruit'taste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "Cali'fornia." (adv)oBoarding House News.The stoneles prune, a new production, promises to become a popularfruit. The fruit is practically thesame as the ordinary breakfast prunewith the exception that the stone inthe center is i.- .lced by a soft kernelr seed that .n be cooked with thefruit and eateix.oTHE BEST LAXATIVE."My sedentary habits have necessitated the use of an occasional laxative. I have tried many, but foundnothing better than Chamberlain'sTablets," writes George F. Daniels,Hardwick, Vt. Mr. Daniels is proprietor of the Hardwick Inn, one of Sthe model hotels of New England.(adv)The House of Representativespassed the bill introduced by Representative B. A. Roth, of Louisville,to regulate traffic on public highways, .fix automobile licenses andprovide for their being issued byCounty Clerks, by the vote of 54 toJ 4. The bill was backed by theLouisville Automobile Club and similar clubs throughout the State.The House went into a committeeof the whole to hear former Attorney General Charles Morris explainthe provisions of the measure. Thethree outstanding feaures of themeasure, he said, look to expediency in obtaining metal tags forcars by having County Clerks issuelicense; provide better traffic regulations and prevent traffic in stolenautomobiles. Another good featureof the bill, he said, solves the question of refund on license where carschange hands.The bill allowed the CountyClerks .-a fee of 40 cents for issuinglicense, the fee to be paid by the automobile owner. This feature of thebill Representative Ciario thoughtobjectionable on the grounds thatautomobile owners are already paying more than their just amount oftaxes. He" offered an amendmentwhich provided, that the 40-cent feeis to be deducted from the licensecollected, and the amendment wasadopted by the House.Motorcycle license fees are fixedat $10 and automobile fees sixtycents for each horse power. Theregistration fees on trucks are $22for 1,000 pounds or less! $33 formore than 1,000 pounds and lessthan 2.000 pounds: $40 for morethan 2,000 pounds and less than 3,000 pounds; $50 for more than 3,000 pounds and less than 4,000pounds and less than 5,000 pounds;$70 for more than 5,000 pounds andless than 6,000 pounds; $90 for morethan 6,000 pounds and less than 7,000 pounds; $100 for more than 7,000 pounds and less than 8,000pounds and less than 9,000 pounds;$150 for more than 9,000 poundsand less than 10,000 pounds; morethan 10,000 pounds; $150 for eachadditional ton.The amendment of RepresentativeJames H. Thompson li'miting the loadto be hauled by trucks to six tonswas adopted.The bilL of Representative Thompson, of Bouibon county, to makeParis a center of construction in theState highway system, amended toinclude Paintsville, Sandy Hook andLouisa as centers of construction,was passed, 64 to 0.o.mfl3cjuu.i nuynHi.jHiir"tLwmyran tsxmzjtxuaEux:BRIGHTER.EVENINGSm'cm& Jf""" -WITNESS AFTER WIT-INA! Such Evidence Our Eeaders Cannot, DisputeNothing adds to the pleasuresof a .home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectrecityTor Lighting 'It's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Seating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yoif UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incommted)Aetna AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireThefti CollisionProperty DamageLiability! As we take up THE NEWS weeki by week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness after witness speaks out asMr. Rankin does he're. If these people were strangers living miles awaywe might take little notice of them.But they are not. They are ourneighbors, living among us. Theirword is too easily proven to admitor any doubt. Tney. speak out mithe hope that their .experience maybe a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestoiavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave suffered seeiely with kidneycomplaint. My back often painedand was lame most of the time. Thekidney secretions were too frequentin passage and greatly annoyed me.Whenever I have been this way, Ihave always found that a box ofDoan's Kidney Pills has never failed to cure me of the attack m shortorder."Price 60c, at all dealers. Donjt.simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oFrost at Varying Heights.The reason frost occurs on lowlands when there is none on highground is because the higher groundcools off more rapidly than the lower,and the upper stratum of air beingthus condensed, flows downward anddeposits the moisture, which changesInto frost. Cold air is heavier thanwarm and settles to the bottom.. oHAS HAD STOMACH TROUBLEFOR SEVEN YEARS.Theodore Sanford, of Fenmore,Mich., has had stomach trouble forseven years and could not eat vegetables or fruit without pain in thestomach and restless nights. Bytaking Chamberlain's Tablets he isnow able to eat vegetables or fruitwithout causing pain or sleeplessness. If troubled with indigestionor constipation give these tablets atrial. They are certain to provebeneficial.(adv)oAs a general thing, when a youngman thinks he can marry a girlwithout marrying her family itshews he has never been marriedbefore.I y.if 'inI Get GoodIsHatC ii aBSifuwiuiiimi iiiiiiiiiftinuiiuiiiiui iki mi ihi i-i iiiiui uiiiiui in mil ii iii minim in hit i i uri u mi n : ni i n i.m i nM . - '111 " jd5S!- MmPes T; V Wmt .my IMlsmk IB . these siI WBMII x wrVpsf KIi'31 30x 3 V Goodyear Double-Cure OO1 1 Fabric, All-Weather Tread L J; tj I 30v31 Goodyear Single-Cure j. -fl erJ "J I Fabric, Anti-Skid Tread L 1mTire Economy forSmaller Cari tun until u u it.i 1 1I iimHnHHKUMMiuiiitnHNHiNMumummtHHimituitmuitimtitMiMMfjust as owners of the highest-priced automobiles get greater ' mileage and economyout of Goodyeat Tires, so can the ownersof smaller cars similarly enjoy GoodyearadvantagesThe 30x3-, 30x3lk, and 31x4-inch sizes ofGoodyear Tires are bulk to afford a money'sworth in performance and satisfaction whichonly the utmost in experience, resourcesand care can produceiL.This extraordinary money's worth beginsnot only with the merit of these tires, butalso with the first cost, which in most casesis no greater, and sometimes actually is less,than that of other makes of the same typesof tiresGo to the nearest Goodyear Service StationDealer for Goodyear Tires for your Ford,Chevrolet,Dort,Maxwell,or other cars takingas. He is ready to supply you Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes at the same time;Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are thick, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with acheap tube? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes cost little morethan tubes of less merit. 30x3y2 she in waterproof bag .$450r "ii trtj-n2t,3BRYAN-HITCHCOCK HOW ON INNEBRASKA.f And OtherCasualtiesJ. FEEA TIMELY SUGGESTIONThe next time you have a coughor cold try Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is pleasant to take andyou are sure to be pleased with therelief which it affords. This remedy has a wide reputation for itscures of coughs and colds.(adv)oOur idea of a particular man isone who wears suspenders with, hispajamas. . . - ,LINCOLN, NEB., March 15. WJ. Bryan's recent statement that ifelected a delegate to the DemocraticNational Convention he would notvote for the. Presidential nominationof United States Senator G. M.Hitchcock, has been replied to by J.H. Mithen, manager of a Hitchcock-For-Presidentclub with a statement"that Senator Hitchcock's friendswelcome the issue" and "will meetBryan in every precinct in Nebraska." Replying to Mr. Bryans assertionthat if Nebraska voters instruct forSenator Hitchcock he would allowan alternate delegate in the convention to vote in his place. 'Mr. Mitchell said Mr. Bryan had "spentyears preaching in favor of instructions and now he asks the people ofNebraska to elect him as delegateand instruct him, and then servesnotice on them in advance that instructions given him will not be binding." "He has alweys taken the positionthat the rules that govern men's actions d0 not apply to him," Mr. Mithen added. Among reasons by Mr.Bryan for his opposition to SenatorHitchcock was that the senator hadvoted against submission of the federal prohibition and suffrage amendments."oWHY COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.You are often told to "beware ofa cold" but why? We wil tell you:Every cold weakens the lungs, lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor the more serious diseases. People who contract pneumonia firsttake cold. The longer a cold hangson, the greater the danger, especiallyfrom the germ diseases, as a coldprepares the system for the receptionand development of the germs ofconsumption, diphtheria, scarletfever and whooping cough. Thequicker you get prid of your cold,the less the danger of contractingone of these diseases. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has a greatreputation as a cure for colds andcan be depended upon. It is pleasant to take.(adv)High Army Officers.A major general heads each armycorps ; a brigadier general heads infantry brigade ; a colonel heads each regiment; a lieutenant colonel is next inrank below a colonel; a major headsa battalion; a captain heads a company ; a lieutenant heads a platoon ; asergeant is next below a lieutenant,and u corporal is a squad officer.f Vhatto do tor. 1tag!"Pape's Diapepsin" by neutralizing the aicidity of the stomach, instantly relieves the food souring andfermentation which causes themisery-making gases, heartburn,flatulence, fullness or pain mstomach and intestines.A few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" bring relief almost as soon asthey reach the stojmach. They helpregulate disordered stomachs so favorite foods can be eaten withoutdistress costs so little at drugstores. (adv)oSPRINGSHOWINGOTE UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car,- its stabilityin construction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.sCsgy" - ' CZJii i fMilhim5Mr wgSi-i cl n,Hri. '"- - - ." yg, Li 'ii u. iJter)r?-SS53sijsjafc;Bound by the Bonnets.She was a refined old lady and herfriend sat near her In the church onSunday morning. She leaned over tospeak to her friend. The ornaments Intheir bonnets became fastened together and they couldn't get them apartuntil a nearby woman came to therescue. By this time he congregation was. all smiling, and It is needlessto say how embarrassed the old. ladleswere. 4 ,Ladies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.TwinBros-Dtptrtmcnt Stort7th and MathParis, KyBiKi3M.l.Mg-j;:fi-'-i-5rmTragji''"Grow Fine TobaccoBy using FERTILIZER. More tobacco, better color, andprices ahjrays right.See COLLIER BROS.EEFORE YOU BUYOffice Opposite Paris TobacceWarehouseCumfetrlaiMl Pheaa.997Hem Pttene 2S7BElXX3ZI3flSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Wortt; Right Prices-tijt-- ir i .. .. -.iyv .v .-V41 ?3L j-Vi'V ,.ii!-.-Jftf vVJt&l!J -:-&;ri" 5r .""ui 'tTUESDAY, MARCH 16, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYrGlassesand DishesSTORM' DOES GREAT INJURYHEAR DRY RIDGE.f?& -.TjLJ tDRY RIDGE, KYV March 15. Atornado, about 100 yards wide, blewdown a school house, injuring thirtypupils; a general - store, three stockbarns and damaged other buildingsat Sherman, Ky., three miles fromDry Ridge Friday.Damage was estimated at $50,000.No one was killed but ten personsbesides the school children were injured, including Mr. and Mrs. C. A.Atkins, whose general store buildingof two stories was blown down. Theirson, Robert, 17, was blown out of asecond story window but was unhurt. The one-story office building ofDr. J. L. Price, was blown away. Theschool house was a one-story framestructure. It was wrecked.The stock barns of C. M. Morriswere ' blown down and eighteenhorses were injured. Roofs wereblown off of several houses and alltelephone and telegraph wires wereblown down. The storm came fromthe west.f V -,3C W?,-J4-'-fti. iWfwfc -IYou've m at tome tables where passes anddijhes just shone. How pretty and appetizing theywere. Sparkling glassware and bright China on whitetable linen make a beautiful sight.If you use Grandma's Powdered Soap to washyour glasses and dishes you will have this prettyeffect at every meal Nothing in Grandma to leavethat clouding film which results so often from theuse of ordinary soaps.A big, generous sized package for 5c.$0MiTuHAIHrand masPowdered SOAPTnj This Powtetd SoapTbdaijCfooceirHas ?TteOot tapBOUEBON MAN BUYS GARAGE INOHIO.Mr. K. Durbin Fisher, son of Mr.and Mrs. D. E. Fisher, of near Ruddles Mills, has bought a big garage' j. lant at Cincinnati as superin-tendent, took over the Wilmingtoned notice the News Journal of Wilmington, recently said:"The Fisher Motor Co., an unincorporated business organization,headed by K. D. Fisher, a Ford motorexpert and long connected with thein Wilmington, Ohio.In an extend-mTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington ForParisA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:20:007:201:10P. M. 11:00Pans ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M. 7:15rA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15,P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYAuto Co.'s business in this city, re-l taining the agency for the Ford carsand the products of the Fordson tracj tor plants, it is announced this morning."The deal was a straight purchase,the stockholders of the WilmingtonAuto Co. selling by inventory theentire plant, it is stated."oAppreciation.Thou hast made me known tofriends whom I knew not. Thou hastgiven me seats in homes not my own.Thou hast brought the distant nearand made a brother of the stranger.When one knows thee, then alienthere is none, then.no door is shut Oh,grant me my prayer that I may neverlose the bliss of the touch of the one,in the play of the many. Tagore;PEPTO-MANGANMAKES RICHRED BLOOD1 lii&M3ESTORM NEAR SPRINGFIELD, MO.SPRINGFIELD, MO., March 15.Ten persons are known to be deadand eight injured as the result of atornado, which swept through thevalley of Turkey Creek near Branson and Hollister, in Taney County,Thursday.Nine towns in various parts of theso urn west section of the State werehit.Seven of the dead are minor children of Ran and William Box, brothers, living at Melva, a small townfive miles r-outh of Branson.Four of William Box's childrenwere killed and his brother lostthree children. The wives of bothmen received injuries from which itis believed they can not recover.Mrs. Alva Howard and child, living at Melva, were killed instantly..William Jackson, living five milessoutheast of Branson, is dead andhis sister seriously injured.John Gross and his wife, livingon a farm near Oasis, north of Branson, were blown away with, theirhome and no trace has been foundof either the home or its occupantb.Ridge way Ma-nky was carried 1,000 feet from his home at Melva,and when he regained consciousnesson the opposite bank of TurkeyCreek he saw his young brother,William, struggling in the water.He was too weak to give aid. Laterthe body of the brother was recovered downstream.The bodies of the Box children,according to reports received here,were taken from Turkey Creekwhich had been swollen to largeproportions by incessant rains Wednesday night and early Thursday.The storm was not confined toMelva. Reports of homes carriedaway, buildings destroyed and children injured continued to pour intothe center of the stricken areaThursday night. The storm district included Kirbyville, Taney-ville, Mildred, Oasis, Forsyth andBranson.'The storm-swept country isknown jto thousands of tourists whoannually visit the Ozark region forhunting and fishing.Reports of unusual effects of thestorm were numerous. Thursdaynight, a work train of eight carssouth of Branson, and on which thewives of six workmen lived wasmoved 200 feet down the track andthe cars uncoupled, but not one ofthe occupants hurt. (The hotel at Melva was practically demolished, while six womenwere seated near the fireplace.Bricks, plaster and splinters fellabout the women. One was injuredslightly.Helps Restore Thin, Run-down Menand Women to Vigorous, FullBlooded HealthRecommended By PhysiciansSold In liquid or Tablet Form TheName "Gude's" the GuidVthe GenuineLet Us Be YourBusiness PartnerYour partner has a knowledge of yourbusiness and you look to him for advice anacounsel on important matters. You are entitled to all the help he can give you.Do you get a partner's help on your printedmatter? Do you get the most from the specialized knowledge which we have regardingprinting and paper, and above all the servrcewhich a combination of the two. can render.'Our job department has every modern equipment for doing work on rush orders, t-or. letterheads, billheads, and all kinds of forms,we carry in stock, recommend and useG3SThe Utility Easiness TaperiV-;.It is a true saying ' that yourhealth is only as good as your blood.Good, rich blood manifests itself ina healthy, natural complexion; clear,keen eyes; tireless energy and enthusiasm; and" an abundant supplyof reserve strength.And just as positively does poor,thin blood directly influence the entire system. Pale, sallow complexions; dull. eyes; a listless step; languidness; tiredness; worn-out feeling; general dejectedness and unhappiness, all are positive signs thatthe body is not receiving its propernourishment through the blood.Pepto-Mangan helps restore vigorous health, because it contains thevery elements so much needed bythe blood to enable it to perform itsfunctions and supply the body withnourishment, energy, and strength.For your convenience, tPeptoMangan is prepared in tablet formas well as liquid form. Both possessexactly the same medicinal value.There is but one genuine PeptoMangan, and that is "Gude's." Ifthe name "Gude's" is not en thepackage it is not Pepto-Mangan.(adv)STORM AT NEVADA, MO.NEVADA, MO., March 15. Threepersons were killed . and propertydamage estimated at $100,000, involving every building in the business section of the city, was sustained when a tornado struck Nevada Thursday.THE DEAD;Paul Lierson, 21 years old.William Bothlow, 22 years old.Harry Brewer, 23 years old.The three men were crushed whenthe upper walls and roof of the Nevada Trust Company Building wereblown over upon a smaller buildinghousing a shoe shining stand.JOPLIN MO., March 11. Threemen were killed in a tornado thatstruck Nevada. Mo., sixty miles.northwest of here, Thursday afternoon, destroying part of a threestory building occupied by theBank of Nevada and blowing outwindows in the court house.The men were all in a shoe-shiningshop when walls of the bankbuilding tdppeled onto the shop andcrushed them.The tornado lasted five minutes.Trees in several parts of the citywere uprooted, but property damagewas not extensive, according to reports received here.TplF Why areWRIGLEYS1 flavors (ike theI pyramids of Egypt?r Because they areI long-lasting.I And WRIGLEY'S is a beneficialI as well as iong-iasting treat.I (t helps appetite and digestion,I keeps teeth clean and breathI sweet, allays thirst.I CHEW IT AFTER EVERY MEAL flf Sealed Tight-1 AL l1"r- !'a :Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetKSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.xXMMXIThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky JfKantMBamJIixaBxasxaxxxxsiLet Us Serve You as aPaying Federal Officials.The president of the United Statesis paid by settlement warrant, whichis practically the same as a check.This warrant Is sent to' him by messenger from the treasury twice amonth. Senators and .representativesare paid either by check or cash asthey personally desire through congressional disbursement checks. Whenthey are paid in cash they receivecrisp, new bills, as does nearly every'State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of P.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm willpay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of- HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE.PRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of theSyateSn. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 1 5c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv)imramfffpiffffumifaIS illMlE3i51lf55 iiSiSl53lGenerally it's when a man issingle that he is doubly interesting.Spring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They, are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for,LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used'.KANE BROS.9Home Phont 399 PARIS, KENTUCKY(till July 1)Ji&,1IIIXIXy1--hiriIi?,Y"k tv- "0BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTone who lives In Washington.Ho his lady friends.iiii-iiL.fAiT4.tB..iiiiHWiMvjiifijgMuyry.i.nmfHIK9EB9HR '" v'-s.V'iAJc iS?,::;-JX'C hr "&-vv.-T-l1 ---CArV t - TW4E"' J- TETZEige-njs Tir;wfrjir,.jriw-..iCTi'iwiiiBuwiiwiiii mm.mm&'m'L.wftim'- yiMyKJ- .J pn "TflRWr"' TT VrJWJ&,T .' .--, 4t5 -', v't' j r -- -.r-i ' vt :r v- r T" .?pc ,j - "d-r -1 -. - 7 . - - t t,PAGE BIGHTt-v. THE bourbon news, paris; Kentucky . v , tuibday, .march u, im,; -f . j. ' T 4lb-5rnr ii amo amr padi fiDANjn i j;.,;An. Adu! 2?c Pia. sc w uxMILLERSBURGMATRIMONIAL.-i"" " mmmm' Tr ' w 1 -mm ii nuiiiiolvllChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 3tc!JRHPHk.,M! ' ' J'.'.i'M 'ftwnWJlRegular meeting of Amity LodgeKo. id, FT & A. M. to-night.-The Millersburg College willxeepen for 'the day pupils to-day,.Til Jay. March 16.Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Leer, who3hqjve given up their farm near Papis,fcijs- now with. her" parents'; Mr. 'andAia. i. r, mui-iiiiitsi. - - .1Marriage licenses were issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to the following: Alex Johnson, 21, and MissNettie Walker, 21, both giving Nickolasville as their place of residence;Rutherford P. Redmon. 19. son of1 Mr.' and Mrs: 'King Redmon, andMiss Laura; K. .Florence, 18, daugh-r-Miss Virginia ' Shanklin, who ter' of Mr. -and jMrs. Walter Flor"been, attending "the;- Conserva-togy of Music at Cincinnati, is at. j-;Mjp. and. Mrs. , Mack Grimes' en- j-tameL.a number of friends atteirvnome in -Butler Addition.,' Mrs.Cfcrlton Ball. .entertained at cards atier country home Friday night,iope folr a vacation ,stay.-ftfrs: John Purdy was electedSunday by the Presbyteria-n churchas a delegate to the Ladies' Aid Con-TtntioiCoC the Persbyterj-an church,trnicncnce, all of Bourbon county.THOMPSON -TOADyiNEJoseph Toad vine, 2l years old.clerk, of Louisville, .and v Miss LydiaThompson, 18 yea.vs old, of' Paris, secured' a marriage license -and weremarried Saturday afternoon in Jeffersonville, Indiana.;& .MYERS OUAHAM.A marriage license was issuedh convenes, at Louisville to-day jSaturdayfromthef office of CountyMillersburg's contribution to ' Clerk JearcePatonto Irvin C. Gra-tfte .Near East Armenian Reiiet Funaamounted to $501.85. Of thismount $180 was contributed byfee Millersburg College. The fund'was raised by the Millersburg Twentieth Century Club.The marble work for the newyarmers' Bank has arrived, and thework of putting it up will beginMonday. The decorators will beiere in a few days. The furniture isieing shipped and the building willTfce ready for occupancy about theaaiddle of April.THE SICK Dr. C. B. Smithimproves slowly at Massie Hospital,Paris. Mrs. Nell Lmville, Miss Lena Letton and Rev. Adams are conjted to their homes with flu. Mr.35. M. Ingels, Mrs. A. B. Plummer,Mrs. J. W. Slater are improving afSer attacks of flu. Mrs. J. O. Ralls .isimproving after an attack of pneumonia, Mr. Joseph Toadvine and Misslydia Thompson were united inmarriage Saturday at JefersonvilUv3nd which was a surprise to theiran any friends, as it came withoutany previous warning. Mr. ToadTine is a son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesToadvine, and is a prosperous younglarmer. Miss Thompson is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Thompson, aijd was a student of the GradedSchool. They are both quite young.They are the recipients of congratulations from their many friends.IHE PEERLESS ONE" TAKENTO TASK.Bryan says if his State shouldl&me him a delegate to the NationalDemocratic- Convention and instructiim to vote for Gov. Edwards, ofKew Jersey, or any other liquorDemocrat, he would not accept theommission. Peerless One must begetting better as he grows older. Heccepted such a commission, with instructions to vote for Champ Clarkjfor President and straightaway wentla Baltimore and fought him fromStart to finish,' an embezzlement ofpower, which on another occasionMr. Bryan said was criminal and dev serving of penal punishment.Squeamishness in such matters-has-nor heretofore been characteristicthe man from Nebraska.ham, twentJFtwo, of Akron, Ohia,and Miss Hazel Myers, seventeen, of'Paris. They were married shortlyafter. The groom is a rubber work--er,employed in the Goodrich Rubber & Tire planf in Akron, O. Thebride is a1 daughter of Preston Myers, formerly of Paris. Mr. and Mrs.Graham will reside in Akron.j -HENRY FLEMING.The marriage of J. T. Flemingend Mrs. Gertrude Henry took placein Wilmore, Ky., Saturday. Mr.Fleming has lived in Bourbon county for several years, and Mrs. Henryuntil very recently has resided nearLittle Rock. This is thethird marriage for the bride, and the groom'ssecond matrimonial . venture. Theywill lcside on the groom's place nearLittle Rock.BOUHBON FARMING CONDITIONSDue to unfavorable weather theend of "gorundhog winter finds thefarmers of Bourbon county furtherbehind with their preparations forspring and summer activities thanhas been the case for a number ofyears. Heavy rains last fall prevented late plowing to a marked degree and so far this spring little hasbeen accomplished in this line.The extreme cold weather of theearly part of the past week, togetherwith a lack of protection by snowcaused the wheat crop to suffer to aconsiderable extent in many instances.It has been estimated by wellposted men that the farmers of thiscounty lost at least three thousandlambs during the blizzard season,which, entails a money loss of about$35,000.The tobacco season has closed,and the farmers are awaiting withmuch anxiety the coming of settledweather so they may get their tobacco beds burned for the next crop.They have been mindful of the importance f'of an early preparation ofthe soil, and that it is equally important to set tobacco early in order to get the best results in growth,maturity and color.Country produce is more plentiful,especially eggs,' which took a tumbleFriday on the local market, dealerspaying thirty-five to forty cents perdozen. The retail price has beenabout forty-five cents per dozen.tmzsami&ONKxKThe Newest ir Songand DancePHONOGRAPHRECORDSry7 & BzmtfwMe and My WifeNever Let No One Gal Worry Your Mind .Hand in Hand Again iOut of a Clear Sky )I'm Jurt Simply Full of Jazz .... (Aint Chs. Coming Back Mary Ann to Mar. IrjadHow Sorry You'll Be (Wait'U You See) . !Oh! (When You're Alone IDreamland Brings Mem'ries of You . , .I'll Always Be Waiting for You ... )We Must Have a Song To Remember , . .Dardanclla 'Wonderful Pal . . . . '. ... )Turco .; , . ,On die Streets of Cairo . ... . . , )Bo-La-Bo ....-...Bcw'WowI Might Be Your Oncc-In-A-While . . (You'd Be Surprised . . ... . SCorne Aloes to Honeymoon Tow aGoocJnigk: DearieMipHry Lak a RoseSomewhere a Voice is Calling )hi&yiirnK&it"?-kievK''-M'&Z2k jfttsVjpjorfflrsrsfrivwr;rtSBR mWjr? i tj- jjt r vis . n mauaL.a3;fiA3Ji?fcJ.i TO3MU;j 14rr-"T7-Tr skjz.(iii4mrmir-i-r'L:rt,"yJK&?ft;'ryim$psraTOttjmwS&aSSmlSSirgiZ&Zmtf 3&sifcHaLfi :tfraHL4B91GMSnni7rij.rsrov.irasr-vsi'nF.fy rxwiwiFiuDGKWAy -r miMkiraiLininn. ofe.-T4-WTVW t llZ'XfAiY ns rr-ras-M'&rarafl5r.v&atiKittfe s'Jj,ffftfTtffs7i7')7rlma. niM7-Jz.Jw .- ' iIV L.rvn3:W-" l Hi'll I 1. MHI1I1 !! '?T'u:iLii..,..im..ir' ?ri&iiftt,"p-:t-raiu'.T, i i"in ii -1-T- ?tir v '''2229022279222B4yy-yan222832228122288222SS22361 . I ' lnr.r AIrrr ti T-TrT. ivr.irr Tnwr Ii mo i22227 ;Brooks & SnappTODAY, TUESDAYGEORGE WALSHin "The Shark" .A sea story of luck, lure and love. -.AlsoRUISI ROLANDm "The Adventures of Ruth"and Prizma Color Picture'The Cost of Carelessness9Tomorrow. WednesdayVIOLA DANAin 'The Willow Tree"'r -A love miracle among the cherryblossoms of old Japan. vSunshine Comedy "The SchoolhouseScandal"''Topics of the Day"Bray PictographThursday, March -11 thConstance Talmadgein "Experimental Marriage"A world of fun, suspense and alarmingsituations. Nuff sed. See 'Experimen-.tal Marriage.' 'VodaVil Moviesand Rathe Reviewi. v ,'Gregg's Orchestra Playirig Afternoon and EveningDEATHS.McFADDEN.Mrs. Charlotte McFadden, agedsixty-eight, mother of Mrs. Robert P.Walsh, of Paris, died at her home,385 South Broadway, Lexington,Saturday, shortly after midnight.Mrs. McFadden has been ill but ashort time.. Besides her daughter, Mrs. Robt.P. Walsh, of Paris, she is survivedby her -husband, John G. McFadden,two daughters, Miss Mary McFadden, (of Lexington, and Mrs. R. B.Rice, of Woodford county, and threesons, Anthony J. McFadden, John H.McFadden, both of Lexington, andG. William McFadden, of Cincinnati. x The funeral was held at St.Paul's Catholic church, in Lexingaon, yesterday morning, at nineo'clock, services being conducted byRev. Father S. Augalone. The burialtook place o-n the family lot in theCatholic Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere members of the family.TROUBLES OF A POSTMASTERPostmaster J. Walter Payne, justlike any other official, or businessman, has his trials and tribulations,only he claims his share is largerthan the average person's. Talkingto THE NEWS man the other dayMr. Payne said: "Hello, is this thepostmaster? Well, this is Mrs. Jones.I ordered a pair of shoes from Louisville two weeks ago and you have.not delivered them yet. Please lookthrough your parcel post packagesand let me know if the shoes havecome." That is a sample of themany calls I receive every day. Itwould require some time to lookthrough a large lot of parcel postpackages awaiting delivery, and finda particular package that is causingso much anxiety. We receive severalhundred parcel post packages daily,and some time when the boys go outon their routes they have all theycan do to get along under the loadsthey have to carry. We aim to deliver parcel post packages immediately after they are received at thisoffice. If the expected packagedoes not arrive within a reasonabletime, the customer should place aformal complaint with the postofftceor write to the firm from which thepackage was ordered.". oCOUNTY PURCHASES MULES FORROAD WORK.Fifteen pairs of heavy mules, tobe used in the reconstruction and resurfacing plans for the county,have been purchased by vthe FiscalCourt recently. The main thoroughfares of the county will firstreceive attention. Tliree rockcrushing outfits and seven, motortiucks will be kept buys getting outmaterial for the resurfacing' work,and spreading it on the pikes. Thenew fireproof county garage in EastParis will be rushed to 'completion,the " concrete foundations havlpgbeen finished. A Lxn$ton firm litethe contract for the ' prick work,which will begin as sooj). as the material is on the ground.'oTHE WEATHER.Not that our people care particularly about it because ttiey knowknow all about it, but for the benefit of our readers in Florida. Theground hog has certainly been vindicated.' The weather up to Sunday was as mean as any ground hogcould wish for. Snow flurries, highcold winds and low temperaturesmade the days and nights uncomfortable. The changes in temprealure were sudden and startling.Sunday was a bright, warm day, theone given in the succession of dafksray days. Yesterday was warm,hlustry and elbudv, with a promiseof muggy weather to follow.The Weather Bureau's predictionsfor to-day are for colder weather.But this is March, and anything islikely to happen.oHITS AT AUTO THIEVES.Senator Jay Harlan's bill designed to stop the growing theft of automobiles, was another of the measures to receive eleventh hour actionSaturday, passing the Senate without an opposing vote.The bill has real teeth in it. Itnot only makes it a felony to eraseor deface serial numbers on enginesor cars, but provides that it shall bea similar crime, punishable by asentence of one to five years in prison, exen to have in possession a carwith serial number so tamperedwith. Possession or control of a carin such a condition is declared inthe bill to be prima facie evidencet-hat the work was done by the person in control. The bill is by farthe most drastic legislation ever attempted to prevent automobilethefts."CERTAIN RIGHTS."Speaking before tfce RepublicanState Convention in Louisville lastweejk, Mr. A. T.-JHert, the Republican' National Committeeman forKentucky, delegate from the State-at-largeto the National Convention,and in brief, the Republican partyin the State, said:"Of course, boys, -you know I cannot make a speech, but all of youboys do know that I can do certainthings up at Chicago, and help WillHayes."We wonder why the Republicanconvention was not taken into Mr.Hert's confidence as xto what the"certain things" are thai he is to doat Chicago. He was afraid to let itinstruct its delegates for a particular candidate for the Presidency,because maybe that might interferewith these "certain things." Hewas afraid to have men like JudgeO'Rear and Gov. Willson and Mr.Yerkes on the delegation becauseperhaps they might- not agree to"Certain things.'"Certain things" is rather anelastic phrase. It might contemplate a great deal. Will one of the"things" be- to connect with a Cabinet ob?RELIGIOUS.BIRTHS.................In Paris, to the wife of AllenRowland, a daughter.Near Shawhan to the wife ofL. C. Fryman, a son.Near Little Rock, to the wife ofEmmett Crump, a son.In Anniston, Alabama, to thewife of J. C. Nickerson, of Paris,roadmaster of this division of theL. & N.f a daughter, their thirdchild.A revival meeting villjbegin inParis Methodist church on next Sunday, March 21. The pastor, Rev.Charles H. Grear, will preach. Services 'will be held each night; at7:30 o'clock.Rev. Walter S. Cain, rector ofSt. Peter's Episcopal church, havingbeen called, to his former home inNorth Carolina, on a business mission, there will be no services in thechurch Wednesday night. RegularThis week, March 14 to 20, isto be observed as a week of Statewide prayer meetings under layleadership. This week was desig-l-atedbecause of the absence "ofmany pastors from their pulpit atthe State Conference in Louisville,llie slogan of the week will be"Prayer Does Things."The annual meeting of theKentucky Conference, Women's Missionary Society of the SouthernMethodist church, will be held fromTuesday to Friday, of this week, inCynthiana. The meeting will'be attended by several hundred representatives from the Eastern part ofi the State.Among promenent speakers totake part are Mrs. J. W. Downs,council officer; Miss Grace Hamilton, Y. W. C. A., who will give dailyBible readings; Mrs. D. W. Demaree,Japan; Deaconesses Olmstead andElliott, Mrs. Grubbs, former president of the conference, and manyothers.oKENTUCKY LEGION TO AD) INROUNDING UP SLACKERS.es all of its facilities in furtheringgovernment inquiries and prosecutions. Draft dodgers are undesirable citizlns either in peace or war isthe attitude of the legion and it willassist to the best of its abilities theferriting out of every man suspectedof not having done his whole duty,to the nation in time of war.The committee is on record aspeldging its adherence to the bonusplan recently announced by the National organization.1IThe executive committee of theKentucky department in roundingup 2,469 Kentuckians classed as delinquents by the department and assist the government in prosecutingslacker charges.The Legion in Kentucky has 107posts and 9,000 members and pledg-- WE HAVEWork ShoesandDress ShoesFor Men and BoysBy selling them in conjunc-tipn with many other lines,such asSuits, Hats, Etc,you can buy them for less.See for yourself. 'If You'll Stop HereYou'll Buy Here.Twin Bros.Men's StoreI. WTOLLSTEDI, Proprietor619 Hain StreetYou Can Save a Good DealWhen You Buy Now at Cut PricesDuring This GreatWhen a married manhitched it shows he's gotstandshorsemwU8ULiTRADt HARK RIG U fiM OffIf you are looking for shoe valuesextraordinary this sale offers youthe chance to realize a saving of 30to 40 per cent, on every purchase.Now is the Time ToBuy and SavewMlISACt tlAKKGUiPATOff'Ladies' Brown Kid Boots, in English lasts,heels or the high Louis heels, values to39.00, now.military$6.45Ladies' and Growing Girls' $6.00 EnglishiLace Boots, now -SpwaWLadies' $7.50 and S8.00 BrownKid Boots, Brack Kid EnglishLace Boots, tan and black kidwith gray kid tops, now$5.95Ladies9 $7,50 Brown Kid Lace Boots, leathertops, French or Military English heels, whilethey last, SPECIAL$4.9SLot of Ladies Shoes f QC'values up to $3.50 . . MA lot of Children's Kid Shoes, sizes & to 6,worth $1.50, at$1.00Special Men's Tan Gun Metal and Vici KidShoes, all new lasts, $8.00 grades &t qa-Sale pr.ee yoVv, Men's Good Work Shoes, worth $4.50On sale at$2.99Boys' Shoes of quality that will give lastingwear. Buy a pair and save $2.00. to inOn sale at J.WMisses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots, all sizes, on sale at$2.99DAN COHENParis' Greatest ShccStorcWhere BeauiyjandfEconomy Rcfjii1,isense.ujt-ln4-'tt-'s-Lr.4.t--?t , 7-ii. .tA,-JLt f- -'4f v srfc"rTF.-'4.ivfrfr ",c'-1Vs 1 "; 's-'iw3U"w,T" -ws.fV x-p;...,' 'ViV ---vVltj Km.-TV 3i-'it -s "'SV