VIjfc&pnlSrsW-l S.Vs3ki'" tV" i tell' - iKlfe?.BOURBONPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYTHE,'IN THE YEAR.- 4vVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 23, 1920-4S-iA,V?"!NEWSV- . Jtupr-&z$". -iSS?x ., "sw.jr- jetassr3R0THER AND' SISTER MEETAFTER 21 YEARS.Reunited after a separation oftwenty-one years, Mrs. Jno. Koontz,of Paris, a-nd her brother, T. j.Angell, met last week at the latter'shome, in Indianola, Nebraska. Thereunion brought to light a touchingstory of years of endeavor on thepart of Mrs. Koontz to locate herbrother, and similar efforts on hispart. The children became separatti through the death of their parents over twenty-one years ago.At the time of the parents' deathhfc family comprised three children,all of a tender age. One of thechildren died a short time followingIns- parents' death. The other boyw placed in the Ophans' Home atLouibville, and afterward transferrpJ to the Heme at Omaha, Nebraska Young Angell was taken intoUic family of J. J.' Gregory, at Indiancla, Neb., as an adopted son,arx "was given a good home and educational advantages. All trace ofhis sister had been lost by him. Aslie giew into manhood, memories ofchildhood days came trooping backto him, and he became desirous ofSeating his relatives. In this hewab given every assistance by Mr.Gregory, who finally related theMory of his (Angell's) adoption intothe fairily. In the meantime Mrs.Koont had started a train of inquires meo circumstances attending the breaking up of their childhood ties, faint remembrances of herbrothers lingering in her mind. After years of endeavor Mrs. KoontzLy the merest chance came intopossession of one of her brother'sletters, and a correspondence ensued. These letters firmly establishedtheir relations as brother, and sisterbeyond doubt.Mrs. Koontz having cleared up thedoubts surrounding the whereabouts of her brother, left immediately for Indianola, where an affecting reunion was held. In a telegram Saturday to relatives in Paris.Mrs. Koontz said the reunion wasone of the happiest moments of herlife.FARM LOANS.6 PER CENT INTEREST.FIVE-YEAR TERM.Prudential Insurance Co. ofAmerica. See iocal representative, Hinton, Bradley & Bradley,Attorneys Bourbon Agricultural Bank & Trust Co. Building.(20-3t)UP-TO-DATE FRAME BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTION. On Wednesday, July 28, at twoo'clock, Harris, Speakes & Harris,agents, will sell the modern and attractive Breusaw bungalow, locatedat Sixteenth and High streets, atpublic auction. The home is up-to-the-jninuteand an excellent buv.(20-3t)FRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Have in StockALL NEEDSForHot Weather WearVoiles, Organdies, Ginghams andWash Skirtings of all kindsA Full Line of Wash Dresses inSwiss, Organdie, Voile andGinghamForest MillsNet UnderwearDove BrandMuslin UnderwearNiagara BrandSilk UnderwearFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi-Harry L. Mitchell & Son, real estate agents, sold privately yesterday morning for Claude Crowe, ahouse and lot, located on Parrishavenue, to Jesse H. Parker, for $2,000. The purchaser will get possession in a few weeks.The real estate firm of Harris,Speakes & Harris sold Tuesday forJ. E. Kriegel a tract of land, locatedon the Bethlehem pike, near Paris,to Brinch Meinertz, of Paris, and"Warner Harper, proprietor of theAndora Nurseries, of Philadelphia.The track contains twenty-five acresof choice land, which is now beingused by Mr. Kriegel as a vegetableand truck garden. The purchaserswill con-vert the place into a nursery to be known as "The BourbonNurseries," and will produce fruitand ornamental .trees, shrubbery andsmall fruits. Messrs. Meinertz a-ndHarper also purchased several acresof land adjoining the Kreigel placabelonging to Catesby Spears, andone acie from B. Y. Yates. Mr.Meinertz is at present landscapegardner at the Xalapa Farm of. Ed.Simms.TEE WIEDEMANN HOME ATAUCTION, TUESDAY. JULYJULY 27, AT 2 O'CLOCKyThe attractive residence of Mr.Stanhope Wiedemann, on CypressStreet, and 8 acre's of land will bssold at auction on Tuesday afternoon, July 27. Sale starts at 10:00a. m. and residence will be sold at11 o'clock. Also at the same time amanure spreader, grain drill, farmwagon, buggy, spring wagon, kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery,white enamel Sanitary FavoriteRange Stove, etc., will be sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.SPECIAL REGISTRATION DAY TOMORROW. To-morrow, Saturday , July 24,will be special registration day inthis city. All voters who have notpreviously registered should go tothe County Clerk's office on thacday. If for any reason you wereout of town, sick, or you became oflegal age after the regular electionday you should not fail to register.It is the duty of eveiT citizen to voteand it is hoped no citizen of Pariswill be deprived of the pleasure ofperforming his sacred duty by failing to register.Fire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, WGodford & BryanREH. ESTATE TRANSACTIONSPARIS COMMERCIAL' CLUBSTARTS MEMBERSHIPDRIVE.The soliciting teams for the"membership drive" of the ParisCqmmerciar Club were as busy asthe proverbial time-honored busybees on the streets yesterday, securing membership of business men inthe organization. The drive startedwith enthusiasm early in the morning and closed in the afternoon withmore enthusiasm and several hundred names added to the roster.Preparatory to the work of campaigning the Club had a largely-attendedmeeting at the court houseTuesday night, at which campaignteams were appointed and otherbusiness transacted. The meetingwas presided over by President Jno.T. Collins. Mr. Charles F. Dunn,secretary of the Lexington Board ofCommerce, prefaced the businesomeeting with an address in whichhe outlined in detail the procedurenecessary to secure good results forthe Club. President Collins responded with a short address, inwhich he thanked Mr. Dunn for hisservices, and made the predictionthat such co-operation as he hadgiven would tend to the ultimatesuccess of the local organization"."M. Peale Collier and Henry A.Power were selected as "Generals"to marshal the woiking forces inthe campaign. The "Generals" eachselected four captains, who, in turn,selected three workers, as follows:By "General" Power Edward H.Gorey, captain, J. S. Wilson, JohnM. Stuart, Harry Baldwin; N. FordBrent, captain, Judge George Batterton, Garrett S. Jefferson, Buckner Woodford; Pearce Paton, captain, D. C. Parrish, J. T. Tucker, Dr.L. Oberdorfer; j. Walter Payne,captain, Wm. O. Hinton, RudolphDavis, M. J. Lavin. By "General"Collier Wm. G. McClintock, captain, A. B. Hancock, W. S. Haggard,Jas. M. O'Brien; W. V. Shaw, captain, B. M. Renick, Judge DenisDundon, Mayor E. B. January; Bernard Santen, captain, R. F. Clendenin, Clarence K. Thomas, Oscar T.Hinton; John F. Davis, captain,Geo. W. Wilder, W. R. Blakemore,Geo. W. Stuart.Before the meeting adjourned voluntaiy subscriptions totalling $855were received from a number ofbusiness men whose names will appear in the list of members. Thesubscription cards are to run for aperiod of three years, the membership being divided into three classes: A, ?50; B, $25; C, $12.50.Death or removal from the city removes this obligation.The committees met at the courthouse yesterday morning and weregiven "ammunition" and instructions, starting on their canvass immediately. At noon they were given a luncheon at the Y. M. C. A.Cafateria, when they comparednotes of the progress mode in thecampaign.At the conference of teams andworkers at the Y. M. C. A., afterall had submitted reports, it wasshown that a total of 143 nameshad been added to the membershipof the Club, lepresenting a total of$2,788, of which amount $2,185 wascollected in cash, the remainder tobe collected. It developed during theconference that many of those called on by the team workers were oucof town. It is likely that these willbe added to the list later on. The"Generals" had set the goal in thedrive at one hundred and fifty, andyesterday's work was very satisfactory to them.There were a number of refusalsto take membership in the new organisation, one captain reportingfour on his list, some giving personal reasons, others for reasonswhich they alone considered satisfactory. The workers regret theserefusals, as it is the desire to getevery business man in Paris into themembership. Secretary Dunn, of theLexington Board of trade, compliments the Paris workers by tellingthem that this has been one of the"best managed campaigns of thekind he had known in the manyyears of his experience in suchwork.The following is a list of the newmembers who were added to the roster in yesterday's campaign:R. F. Clendenin, B. JT Santen, C.H. Sutherland, Paris Baking Co.,Posner Bros., Frank Remington,Paris Book Co., Mrs. Leer Stout,Paris Garage, Drury Bakery, S.Rummans, S. Kress & Co., R. J.Shea, Bourbon Garage, P. M. Heller,Paris Tire and Auto Co., Brooks &Snapp, E. F. Spears & Sons, Lexington Herald, O'Neal & Martin, Talbott & Whitley, Higgins & Richards, W. S. Dale, A. V. Douglas,Paris Gas & Electric Co., GrinnellBros.. Yerkes & Peed, Farmers &.Traders Bank, Mrs. M. Parker, Dr.J. T. Vansant, Hinton, Bradley &Bradley, Thomas, Woodford & Bryan, C. S. Brent & Bro., S. Kerslake& Son, Bruce Holladay, W. T. Tal-hott, N. H. Bradley, Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust Co.,. JudgeGeo. Batterton, H. M. Collins & Co..Bourbon News, Dr. D. B. Anderson,Murray & Thomas Co., J. F.'Farrls.John Christ nian, Mansfield & Jefferson Lumber Co., F. H. Rankin.M. O. Biddle, A. C. Wachs, Thos. E.Cain, A. C. Dotson Garage, Lavin &Connell, C. P. Cook, J. T. HintonCo., Corne W. Baird, Harris, Speakes& Harris, J. A. Sullivan, Varden &Son, Rudolph Davis, Geo. W. Davis,R. M. Johnson, Bradley & Brannon.Ray Stipp, Perry, Mitchell & McCann. J. A. Stern, J. F. Tucker,Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.,J. W. Brown, E. M. Wheeler, L.Wollstein, D. W. Peed, Cahal Bros.,Drs. Daugherty & Orr, Ford & Co..J. T. Gatewood,' J. 'T. Brown,- Stern.Bros., Dr.-W. ,C. Ussery, L. Oberdor-IMMIGRATION COMMISSIONER'MAKES PERSONALINSPECTIONAs evidencing the earnestness ofPlPSe and tho.rouSllness of detailwmen cnaractenzes the new Commissioner of Immigration, Mr. Frederick A. Wallis. THE NEWS wastold the following story yesterday:Mr. Wallis in his new office, determined to see for himself whatwas going on in the department inhis charge, and accordingly paid avisit to the Immigration Station atEllis Island, in NW York harbor,disguised as an immigrant. Circulating freely among the immigrantsin his assumed character, Mr. Wallis was able to study conditions atfirst hand, and to make notes ofabuses, and of reforms needed m theconduct of the Station. He was sowell disguised that even the officialsunder him, with' whom he was wellacquainted, did not recognize him,and allowed him the freedom of theplace. With the information thusgained, Mr. Wallis was placed in aposition to institute .these reformsneeded for the material welfare ofthe new-comers to our shores.EXCELLENT BUSINESS 0PP0R. TUNITY.On account of the ill health ofMr. B. R. Dickerson, senior memberof the firm of Dickerson & Son, weare" compelled to dispose of our business at 706 Main street, .in Paris,Kentucky.This is one of the very best locations in Paris for a garage, and withour battery service station, repairdepartment, gasoline service, storage of cars, etc., makes it an unusual opportunity for some one to secure a growing and profitable business. The building, on which we have alease, is a large and roomy structure, having entrances on both Mainand Pleasant streets, and our -room,even though it is large, is now practically filled to capacity every daywith Gasoline sales equal, (if theydo not exceed) that of any otherstation in Paris.Persons looking for an opportunity to engage in the garage business in Paris would do w,ell to callon the undersigned, who will takepleasure in detailing the business tointerested parties.Both 'Phones 436.DICKERSON & SON,706 Main St.,(21jly-tf)BACK FROM OIL FIELDS..Charles P. Mann, of Paris, general manager, and Albert E. Kirkley, of Frankfort, field manager ofthe Lee Kent Oil Co., with headquarters in Paris have returnedfrom a tour of the company's holdings in the Eig Sinking district ofLee county. The Lee-Kent Company, which is composed mainly ofcitizens of Paris and Frankfort, hasfive producing wells, with a totaldaily capacity of forty-one barrels,in the Big Sinking pool of Leocounty, five and one-half milesfrom Beattyville.UP-TO-DATE FRAME BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONOn Wednesday, July 28, at twoo'clock, Harris, Speakes & Harris,agents, will sell the modern and attractive Breusaw bungalow, locatedat Sixteenth and High streets, atpublic auction. This home is up-to-the-minuteand an excellent buy.(20-3t)PICTUREPROGRAM ATAND ALAMO.GRANDTo-day, Friday, July 23. Za SuPitts, in "Bright Skies;" WarnerOland and Eileen orcy, in secondepisode of "The Third Eye;" SnubPollard Comedy, "Merely A Maid."To-mcrrow, Saturday, July 24Madge Kennedy, in 'Dollars andSense;" Mr. and Mrs. Carter DeHaven, in Comedy, "What Could BeSweeter?"Monday, July 26 May Allison,in "The Cheater;" Roscoe "Fatty"Arbuckle, in "The Garage;" Pa theReview.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.oSTREETS BEING OILED .A large consignment of street oilrecently purchased by the CityCouncil, arrived Monday. The workof oiling the side streets from Hignto Pleasant, was begun TueFday,and will continue until the work iscompleted. There is already a verynoticeable difference, the dust" nuisance bung in a great degree, lessened. fer, H. Margclen, Pearce Paton, W.V. Shaw, January & Connell, Lowrj--&May, Jas. M. Caldwell, E. M.Dickson, Dr. Martha Petree, J. H.Fuhrman, Dennis Dundon, E. H.Foster, Harry Linville, First National Bank, Dailey & McMillan,Turner & Clayton, D. D. Cline, J.W. Davis & Co., Mitchell & Blakemore, Stuart & O'Brien, Wm. Taylor, W. B. Allen, C. W. fleck, Dr.J.H. Comer, J. W. Mallory, Paris Realty Co., Dr. J. A. Gilkey, Dr. J. S.Wallingford, A. Anthon, S. VB. Levy,W. S. Haggard, North MiddletownSupply Co., C. N. Peddicord, WalterClark, Leon Renaker & Co., Caywood & McClintock, Ruggles MotorCo., C. H. Mulfinger, J. S. Wilson,E. H. Brannon, Dr. J. M. Williams,Dr. S. P. Mohney, Ed. Doyle, BoneDry Cafe, J. T. FUora, J. J. Curtis,T. JJ Burnett, E. H, Gorey,Crocery Co. - "PowerK. OF P. OUTING AT LEXINGTON,SUJNDAX.A special car will leave Paris at9:30 a. m. Sundav over the Paris-I Lexington interurban line, to carrymembers of the Paris Knights ofPythias lodge and their friends andfamilies to the outing at the Pyth-ian Home. The rate for the roundtrip win oe eighty cents. Returning the car will leave Lexington at5:30 p. m.The outing is given annually bythe Paris and Lexington lodges.Each member will take a well-filledbasket of edibles and a picnic luncheon will be given on the PythianHome lawn. A program of musicalnumbers and other enjoyable features has been arranged for the occasion. The outing is not limitedstrictly to members of the K. of P.lodge. Friends of the order will bewelcome. Tickets may be obtainedfrom members of the order.NORTH MIDDLETOWN CHAUTAUQUA. The Redpath Chautauqua willopen a five-days' engagement atNorth Middletown, beginning onFriday, July 23,' and continuingthrough Wednesday, July 28. TheRedpath people have prepared asplendid program for the engagement. Among the attractions thatwill be presented are the Red Grenadiers Band; the Premier Concertand Players Co.; the Hippie ConcertCo.; Judge Manford Scoonover, Dr.George L. Parker, Thomas BrooksFletcher, Wallace Bruce Amsbary.lectures; the Rich-Werno Entertainers; Noah Bilharz, impersonator; Chiidien's Pageant, "The GoodFairy Thrift;" The American Girls'Entertainers. Season tickets will beplaced on sale at $2.50 plus ten percent, war tax.The people of North Middletownhave given their ihost liberal support, to everything Paris has undertaken, and now it is up to us to reciprocate by sending large delegations to attend the Chautauqua.IT'S ALL RIGHT., If it comes from Davis it isright right in style, right inquality and right in priceJ. W. DAVIS & CO.SUCCESSFUL SALE.The sale of personal property, antique furniture, etc., belonging toMrs. A. D. Blount and StanhopeWiedemann, recently concluded byHarris, Speakes & Harris, broughtthe sum of $20,000. The offeringscomprised rare antique furniture,costly china, rugs, bedroom suites,library and parlor furniture. Biddeis were piesent from the surrounding towns and counties. Thesale was advertised in several issuesof THE NEWS, which helped to at-tract prospective purchasers.WE KNOW HOWlow, Can Ion TellWhether or Not You Can BeFitted Until You Try to Be?Irs JSP. iTIUcMITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MEN&ED.SDOfS PURCHASES.GOOD ONES.Ed. Simms has bought the four-teen-year-old French stallion Neen-- .fol, which will be shipped to this.country with Prince Palatine, which -Mr. Simms purchased recently for$3 50,000. Negofol is best knowm. as the sire J Hourless. Negofolkjv,u. f. J... IftllUClUHlO lUUSU,which won the French Derby lastyear, and Juvaignueur, in the AscotGold Cup. The price paid for Negofol is not known, though it isknown he was sold before, withiathe past six months, for 600,000frances. Mr. Simms will have twogreat stallions in Negofol anaPrince Palatine for his XalapaFarm, near Paris.John Wilson Townsend, of Graceland Farm, has sold to Simms -a.brown yearling colt by SweepBlue Ball, by Hastings. This colt'is a half-brother to The Blue Duke,a stake winner at two and threeyears of age. The price was $5,- -000.When Leonard If, won the finallace of the first day's meeting atEmpire City, Wednesday, he scoredalso as the fourth juvenile winnerfor his distinguished sire, Sweep.Leonardo II is a bay colt by SweepEthel Pace, by Troubadour, andwas bred by his owner, Edward F.Simms. He won easily by eightlengths, with fourteen juveniles behind him.J.0. MARSHALL ANNOUNCESFOR OFFICE OF SHERIFFUnder the head of political announcements in this issue of THEBOURBON NEWS appears the announcement of J. O. Marshall as acandidate for Sheriff of Bourbonj ?county.If elected Mr. Marshall will haveas his deputies R. M. Gilkey, orNorth Middletown, and DouglasThomas, of Paris.These three gentlemen need nointroduction to the voters of Bourbon county. "Dock" Marshall,"Bob" Gilkey and "Doug" Thomasas they are familiarly known allthree capable, worthy and efficient.Mr. Marshall and Mr. Gilkey areat present occupying the offices asdeputies and are thoroughly acquainted with the dujties exacted ofthem and have been highly complimented by the State authoritiesupon the thorough manner in whichihe office has been conducted duringtheir administration as deputies. ,vThe Cynthiana Democrat, com-mentingon Mr.. Marshall's- candi;us.-t-dacy, says:"J. O. Marshall, of Paris, formerlyof Millersburg and Cynthiana, isannounced a candidate for Sheriff of ",Bourbon county, subject to theDemocratic primary next year. Dep-uties Bob Gilkey and Doug Thomas,Sr. Mr. Marshall is now deputysheriff and has a fine record."uNowadays there are somany different models fordifferent figures theChances are Tento OneThat You Can Be FittedWith One of OarSmartSuitsGive us a call. It's apleasure to us to showjyou.BLAKEMORE,ill- III' fv-JF-,&",'HAte-iVJr irv.xr?-Sri 1 iI fr- r" PAGE TWOIBtFHE BOURBON NEWS'JMUi&ed 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationTHMG6 TOWOKRY ABOUTWith the bluegrass peed haryestover, and the wheat harvest almostfinished, the jpicnic and camp-meeting-season for the colored brotherClerks Wanted1Clerks, (men, women), wl8, upward, for Postal Mail1 Servicer $135month. Examinations July-August.Experience unnecessary. ,For freeparticulars write ' J. LEONARD,'(former Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.Prof essional Notice !N.Each foreaoonI will be-in thelaw offices of Talbott & Whitley,Paris, and each afternoon In the lawoffices of Franklin, Talbott & Chapman, Lexington, Kentucky.(16-3t) ROBT. C. TALBOTT.y. -1at afciI has arrived. A large portion of themoney being put into circulation bythe farmers in wages to harvesthands eventually finds its way intothe hands of picnic and camp-meeting"promoters."I. Furniture, HouseholdGoods, Etc.WHished Every Tuesday and FridayYear. .$2.00 6 Months. ,?1.00Payable in Advance.PUBLICSALEi,IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.fttered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OTO FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. hieago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thoinpson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co..DEMOCRATIC TICKET-1For President,James M. Cox, of Ohio.. or Vice President,MFranfelin D. Roosevelt, New York.' For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.'For Judge of the Court of Appuals,W. Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as a-candidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheiiff of BourbonCqunty at the Primary Election inAugust, IS 21. When elected'Sheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Jilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. 0. MARSHALL.Sheriffs Sale!By viitue of a judgment and order of sale and execution directedto me, which issued from the Clerk'soffice of the Bourbon .QuarterlyCourt, in favor of Stanley J. Wilsonand W. L. Lyons & Company,against C. L. Bell, I will, onMonday, August 2, 1920,about the hour of 11 o'clock, a.m., at the court house door in Paris,Bourbon County, Kentucky, expose1o public sale, to the highest bidder,the following property, or so muchthereof as may be necessary to satisfy plaintiffs' debt, interest andcosts, to-wit: $396.47, and thecosts herein expended:1 piano,1 dining table,2 rugs,1 willow porch set,1 davenport,2 mahogany rockers,1 large leather chair,1 kitchen cabinet,1 library table,1 chiffonier.1 set of leather-seated diningchairs,1 mahogany dresser,1 bouffe,1 china closet,1 gas cooking stove,1 porch swing,1 stand table,1 kitchen table,1 dressing table,and numerous other articles, leviedupon as the property of C. L. Bell.TERMS Sale will be made oncredit of three months, purchaser togive good note.All persons having claims againstthe estate of W. A. Dickey, deceased, are hereby notified to present same properly proven to theundersigned at his office in theBourbon Agricultural Bank & TrustI Company Building, in Paris, Ky.,at any time during business hour.?before July 30th. All claims notproperly proven prior to that datewill be barred.Done pursuant to order of Courtentered in the above styled action.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(16-23-30)TKTl T11C?C? mT TOTl3 -Tiirt Of1- Ar-wr rTR. ED BEDFORD, candidate for Tlll" T ZonSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfoily solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,'Deputies.FOR JAILEREd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We 'are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND, of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county."FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.TVe are authorized to announce-. JOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMicdletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL.of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction' of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAXSIONER.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Service laxi to.Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. E. MASTERS0N. Prop.Both 'Phones 204."Taxi and Truck Service Day andNight.'"'Will Bun Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Xeaves Windsor Hotel at. 11:20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg-. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel. Paris 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p.rnArrive Millersburg 12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25 p".m.Both Phones 204.DHWadddls! Pile RemedyIWt Suffer-Don't be Operatedyom have tried Dr. WkddeU'stdhr. Absolutely hanaleM. Guar-to sire absolute satisfaction orlefsamled. $1.50 per bottle at yourt If sot write us.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(9-23-30)Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTW. ADickey's Admr.Vs. Notice of Sale, PlaintiffsWill G. Hanna, Etc DefendantsiSsLsW M Mlsr.JMedicmeCoJBROOKS & NAPP,Paris, Kentuckv-IUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term, 1920, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onFriday, July 30, 1920,at about the hour of two o'clock,p. m.,ON THE PREMISES,will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder the following desciibed property:A certain house and lot inthe City of Paris, Ky., situated in the angle formed byMain Cross (Stoncr Avenue),and Vine Street, fronting- onMain Cross Street one hundredand eighteen feet, more or less,and extending back therefromthe same width as in front,with the margin of Vine Streeton the one side and the lot ofRobt. T. Davis, (includingthe alley on the rear end ofsaid lot which is about tenten feet wide, and which is tobe kept cpen perpetually forthe benefit of the owner of theloi now owned by Mrs. Bedford, lying along side the lot. hereby conveyed next to rail-road, in common with saidsecond party), two hundred and-event y-two feet, more or less,the fencing as it now standsaround said lot is upon thelines thereof. Being the sameproperty conveyed to W. A.Dickey by deed from ElizabethBedford, dated April 10, 1869,and recorded in Deed Book 56,page 605. Bourbon CountyCourt Clerk's office.Said .sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers being,required to execute their two bondsfor equal parts thereof with goodand approved surety, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent.f(6) per annum from the date osale unlil paid, with a lien retained upon the property tc furthersecure their payment; said bonds tohave the force and effect of judgment. The purchaser or purchasers?shall have the privilege of payingthe purchase money in cash withoutexecuting a bond or of paying thepurchase money at any time beforematurity of the bonds with accruedinterest to date of payment.The purchaser of the propertywill be required to pay all taxesassessed for the year 1920.Said sale is made for the purposeof settling the estate of the decedent and of a division among the parties interested.k O. T. HINTON, sMaster Comriipsioner B. C. C.,( 16-2 3-30)NOTICE!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTW. A. Dickey's Admr. . . .PlaintiffsVs. Notice.Will G. Hanna, Etc .... DefendantsMaster's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTBuckner Woodford,As Trustee, Etc., PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.May Jean Timer DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled ac-Jlion fhprmn norrlinor 4-V.rt .m 3 : ted Master Commissioner, onSaturday, July 24, 1920at the front door of the Courthouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperties:1. Lot 29 Convent Heights inthe City of Paiis, Kentucky, fronting 50 feet on the east side of Westrtreet, and running back the samewidth as in front 100 feet to lot 12.bounded on the north by lot No. 28,on the 5--outh by lot No. 30.Being the same property conveyed to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon byLillie C. Martin and Prank Martin,her husband, by deed of date June4, 1902, of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court,in Deed Book 84, page 530, to whichreference is made.2 Lot 26 on Convent Heights inthe City of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the East side of Weststreet, fronting 50 feet' on saidstreet and running back betweenparallel lines 100 feet to Lot No. 15.Being the same property conveyed to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon byMaggie Connelly Ritchey by deed ofdate April 26, 1904, of record in theoffice of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, in Deed Book 88,"page '236, and by deed from Jos F.Ramp's heirs by deed of record insaid office in Deed ,Book , page, to which reference is made.3 The following two parcels ofland lying and being on the westside of West street, in the City ofParis, Ky., and described as follows:Tract No. 1, beginning at a point inWest street, corner to lot 43, thenceS 54 feet with the margin of Weststreet corner to lot 41; thence withthe line of said lot 89 feet to theLylesville line; thence N with saidline 54 feet to lot 43; thence E withthe line of said lot 94 feet and 6inches to the beginning. Tract No.2, A certain lot of land in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, being lot 41 onConvent Heights, fronting 56 feet onWest street and running back thesame width to Lylesville, a distanceof 86 feet and 6 inches on the southside and 89 feet on the north side,it being lot No. 27.Being the same property conveyed, to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon bvJohn W Bedford's heirs by deed ofdate January 28, 1907, of record inthe office of the Clerk of the Bourbon County Court, in Deed Book 89,page 377, to which reference ismade.4 A certain house and lot onWalker avenue in Paris, Kentucky,and depcribed as follows:A certain house and lot in Paris,Ky., on the West side of Walkeravenue, fronting 75 feet on Walker avenue, and extendiug back between parallel lines 225 ft. to Wescstreet and being the same propertyconveyed to Jeanie B. Harmon byLouella Ramp's heirs by deed of record in said office in Deed Book 87,page 281, tc which reference ismade.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase moneyof each of the above describedtracts, each due bix and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent. (6) per annum from date of sale until paid.Said sale is made for the purposeof a settlement of the estate and adivision among the patties interested.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C. C.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(6-16-23)Lest, On Main street, between Seventhand Second street bridge, a blacksilk coat made with vest and whitelace around the collar. Finderpleas return to BOURBON NEWSoffice, and receive reward.(20-tf)Give a Thought to Music.Pianos, Player Pianos, CabinetTalking Machines, recoids and music rolls at low prices.Also have slightly-used Mahogany Upright Piano, taken in exchange, at' a bargain.Cash, or convenient terms may bearranged.We also do tuning and repairing.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 90S High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(22june-tf)For RentSix-room flat, with bath, gas andelectric lights. All rooms in firstclass condition, and can give immediate possession. Located at 1455South High street.C. N. MARTIN,Cumberland rhone No. 959.(20-tf)For SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.Commencing at 1:30 p. m., onSaturday, July 31, 1920,JO.'the following articles will be sold on the premises of M. M. I.:Lot of Canned Goods.Beds, single and double;Cots, mattresses for same;Chiffoniers, Washstands;Tables;Dining Chairs (bent wood) ;Table ware;Kitchen utensils;One large Hotel Refrigerator,;Laundry Outfit;Porch Furniture;fA r54rNURSES TRAINING FREE' Three-vear course in science and art of'nuising is offered by Good SamaritanHospital Tiaininpr School for nurses atLexington, and a liberal allowance madefor students' expenses. Courses offeredequip nurses for Institutional positions aswell as highest type of private duty. Admitting age 18 to 35. Educational requirement one year Hfch School or itsequivalent. Student applicants received Idaily. Address Good Samaritan Hospital, Lexington, Ky.WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.4HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)Many other articles too numerous to' mention.TERMS CASH. 'COL. C. M. B EST, Millersburg, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Attractive Residence AtPublic AuctionTuesday, July 27, 1920,On the Premises, on Cypress Street, at 10 O'clock a. m.we will sell on above day and date, the handsome home of Mr. StanhopeWiedemann.Lot contains eight acres of ground, beautiful lawn with circulardriveway in front of house, shade trees, flower and vegetable gardens,new storage end laundry house, new garage, stable and corn crib, chicken yard, servants' quarters, cistern at rear door. One of the most elegant homes in the city.House is a substantial two-story brick, with every modern convenience. Interior finish in white enamel, high ceilings beautifully finished, mantels, electric lights, gas and hard wood floors. Handsome library, parlor, one bed room, large dining room, reception hall andbreakfast room on first floor, and four elegant bedrooms, and hall onsecond floor.Complete bath on both floors, .Presses throughout the- house, coldstorage and large pantry.An ideal home for the most fastidious. Could not be duplicatedfor twice what it cost the owner.Sale positive and without reserve. Terms made known on day ofsale.At same time and place will sell a lot of farm implements, including manure spreader, grain drill, farm wagon, buggy, springwagon, harness, etc., kitchen utensils, glass cars, crockery, white enamel sanitary Favorite Range Stove, two extra good pair of mules, 2milk cows, 1 two-horse wagon, 1 breaking plow, large stock scoles,small platform scales, three large heating stoves, 1-horse lawn mower,lot of pitchforks, diggers, shovels, hoes, one depot wagon, one chariot,one break cort.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.Office in Farmers & Traders Bank Buildii-g.(20july-3t)PUBLIC SALEorJKJirable City PropertyKnown as the Mrs. Ed Turner PropertyThe Undersigned Will Sell at Public Sale, onSATURDAY, JULY 24 1920at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., at the court house door, in Paris,Kentucky, the following described property:FIRST The property known as No. 825 Walker Avenue, whichhas thereon a 2-story frame, slate and metal roof house; a modernhome of 8 rooms and hall, bath room, electric lights; lot is 75x225 ft.;has good garden, cistern, cellar; being formerly the home of Mrs. JeanB. Harmon. It is in an excellent location, near to schools, being located on Walker Avenue.SECOND No. 852, on east side of West Street, a 4-room cottage,and lot 50x100 feet; is good rent property, now occupied by tenant.THIRD On west side of West Street, a dwelling house, No. 821,of 5 rooms, on lot 54x89 feet. Property is now rented to tenant. Cistern on lot.FOURTH On west side of West Street, a dwelling of 5 rooms, on " 'lot 56X86!7?. feet. .Property is now rented to tenant. City water.All three of above cottages can be connected with gas at edge of. lots.For terms of sale see Master's ad in this paper of Buckner Woodford, as trustee, etc., Plaintiff, vs. May Jean Turner, Defendant.O. T. HINTONt-v ' J! '. " " - Master CommissionerIn the Case of Buckner Woodford, Trustee of Mrs. Ed Turner..vj. K K -.c-- - ms.' ! nii -u. Tfc -r , -m -. & -it -r . tr j- "" w - ' . ii v ,w a.-" -mruivi fmv m. t uini. -. -. .p . r , . f.- i'. - m- . - -m v -M - a t ? . .. l t'k? u am" Fv ." V- ' r T T- f . IT v -T "' ' - 3i. '""1- Jt VSK" -?,? 'T ' ' ' "-' -t- , . ..V S t! Yr t 1..-il2 t-B. J v it' Vj 4, -. PE e '. VT- iYAMPfltf1PV3 :Lv r- s ?--.Vj -'?v r4SrIT TV7'4.V- s. 1 A.&$v- .,V5c .J2X4javf if?-.? .f'Ajpy5 ,Tj- T1 J7rfV&.-". t : . i1 TP" - .. T:';.rs.' r rV .,,& - ! Jfa.-i' .Slv?!-AuS.?-.,: &rC-ifc Jh S.-Y.v . vvJf n ;5j rj&-1 'mf -V TS.- Vfjyyry ?VW, -' v"1 -a n -J "--fr.- I&.VRfetoe ?&, r(M LFRIDAY, JULY 23, 1920.THEBOUltBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE,.-,-1Attention. Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market forYour Wheat, and that rWe Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.M3'dformCV T e- v .2t " !.v-THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can 'safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.trBUSINESS FAILURESDuring the past year the numberof business failures has been small.In a time 'when prices are raising,there are -not usually many -failures.The more reckless a man is the moreI money he makes on a rising market.But rises always has -to fall, sometime. When the time of deflation comes,when the banks call the loans,prices start on the down grade,and credit is hard to get,then comes the test. The man whohas been working on a shoe string,finds that to move his goods and pay9iis debts, he must close out stock atsuch a loss that his business is inj an molvent condition.I Everyone is glad to see pricescoming down. But the peopleshould not demand a process of deflation so rapid that a lot of merchants will be made bankrupt. Thecountry was several years climbingj up to the peak of inflation, and itI will take several years to recede'safely fiom this artificial condition.i .j Women doctors are increasing so; rapidly in England that it is fearedhey will, in a few years outnumberJ the men physicians.Ij The highest priced automobiletwenty years ago was the "Vic-! toria" type, selling from $2,700 to$3,200.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The next timeyon huy calomelask forf LiaiotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.TheCandySaysMa and Pa,when they goto Louisvillealways trade atCrutcher &Starks that bigclothing storeon the corner of Fourth and Jefferson Streets.Gee! You oughter see their swell clo'es. I get all o'minethere hair cuts, too. Ma likes their stockings and HananShoes.Pa says Crutcher & Starks carry the biggest line of goodclo'es in the whole country. And oh, boy! have you seentheir Peaches and' Cream Necktie Stand in the SeelbachHotel where Pa used to stand and look at hisself in the biglooking, glass over the bar?a,4-.$7& Stare Sian6mrizeJVaim -'-(ijnamts&wtKSGrwwiik R.Burfon 6 fori? ,Louisville the Metropolis of Kentucky,Walter Calvert, of Louisville,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. RedmonTalbott, near Paris.Mrs. Amos Wells, of Boston,Mass., is a guest ofMrs. Bettie McII vain e, on High street.-Miss Edna Biggers, of Washington, D. C, is a guest of hercousin, Mrs. J. L. Horton, in thiscity.Miss Laura Belle Smith is aguest of her tister, Miss MarySmith, and Miss Anna Barclay, inLexington.Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown wereguests recently of their daughter,Mrs. J. J. Rice, and Rev. Rice, inHarrodsburg.Carl Crawford was a recentvisitor at Giaham Springs, nearHarrodsburg, where Mrs. Crawfordis spending the summer.Miss Macie Talbott has returned from a protracted stay in Bloom -ington,111., where she has been engaged in Red Cross work.Mrs. Thomas Harpe is at thebedside of her sister, Miss IreneJones, who is veiy ill at her homein Moorefield, Nicholas county.Air. and Mis. William Robertsare here from Columbus, Ohio, visiting friends and relatives. This istheir first visit to Paris in twelveyears.Miss 4.1ice and Louise Wilsonhave returned to their homes inLexington, after a visit to theiruncle, H. C. Wilson, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. M. J. Murphy, Misses Maryand Katherine Murphy and MissGrace Haskins have returned from apleasure trip to Atlantic City, andother points in the East.Misses Dorothy and Elsie Jacoby, of Paris, aie members of ahouse paity being entertained in Mt.Sterling during the Fair, by Mrs.Steven Adamson.Mrs. H. C. S-hiopshire, Mrs. Jon.Brock and Mrs. Stuait Shropshirehave returned to their homes inLeesburg after a visit to Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth, m this city. 'R. Ed. Bedford has returnedfrom Louisville, wheic he wentTuesday to attend the funeial andburial of his cousin, Piiest Fiazier,who died . at Rochester, Minn., Saturday. Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore, ofParis, and Mr. and Mrs. WallaceEmbry, of Cynthiana, were guestsseveral days during the Montgomery County Fair, at Mt. Sterling, ofMis. Nannie Shackleford and family. Mr. and Mis. James Lail haveletuined to their home in Dayton,Ohio, after a visit to lelatives inthis county. They are very muchpleased with their new home.Prof, and Mrs. J. T. Hazelriggand little daughter, who have beenguests cf Mrs. Hazelrigg's mother,Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, and family,in this city, have gone to Sharpsburg, for a visit to relatives beforereturning to their home in Shelbyville. Prof. Hazelrigg is principaland Superintendent of the Shelbyville Public School.Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of theParis Methodist church, and DennisV. Snapp, Field Secretary of the Epworth League, are attending thesessions of the Kavanaugh TrainingSchool, being held at the Kavanaugh Camp Grounds, at Crestwood, near Louisville. Rev. Greer'sriiece, Miss Mary Carter, whe hasbeen a guest at the home ofR v. and Mrs. Greer, in this city,hn returned to her home in Bloomfield, K3'.Wayne Cottingham, of theLejngton Leader, was a caller atTHE NEWS office Tuesday. Mr.Cottingham was returning to Lexington from a vacation visit of tendays to points in the Bast, NewYork City, Washington and Philadelphia. In Philadelphia he hobnobbed with former Paris boys, EliFriedman and Landen Templin,whom he repoited as being in excellent health and in good positions.Washington he found rather tameafter doing New York City. But,best of all, he said, was the returnjourney, and the return to oldhaunts and old friends, in "God'scountry."(Other Personals on Page 5)BE OPTIMISTICHere's Good News For Paris Residents.andHave you a pain in the small ofthe hack?Headaches, dizziness, nervousspells?Are you- languid, irritableweak?Annoyed by urinary disorders?Don't despair profit by Paris experiences. Paris people know Doan's KidneyPills have used them recommend them.Here's a Paris resident's statement: Mrs. John Mastin, 1429 S. Highstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results andand I know from the help theygave me that they would be just asbeneficial in other cases of kidneytrouble. I had a dead, dull acheacross the small of my back and mykidneys acted irregularly. Doan'sKidney Pills rid me of these complaints and if I should need a kidney remedy again I would certainly take Doan's."Price 60c, at ,all dealers Don'tsimply ask for & kidiey remedrget -Dpah's Kidney Piil the sam:that Mrs.'.Mastm iiact. jroeter-Mii-burnCo., Mfrg.fBuffaloN.Of:. ifZm En-Ar-Co National Motor Oil frJwl! e one tkn n motoring don't ujr fcgV let inferior oil, at what seems a bar- Inhrv fm gain price, obscure your vision your I s ;V ( f ultimate pleasure and profit. Use In s IWW En-ar-co. Just received a car load JJf S bS i in steel drums. W s' f G. R. BURBERRY IKv ML , Phone 277-J Centerville, Ky. Wl sMSaialClcfgggaBaS3a$LCiX-'WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finished ,Granite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYCumberland Phone 78Junel5-3mB!jg;;-5-ggH'5;i;i-T?';-;;;"5-sMg8;g-g-I51-S511UlAttention, Farmers!YOU have the PARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, givenup by all -fence builders to be the best-fence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phont 997Home Phone 257mnnnnnni3Z5iniznz--z-jiiipsmrra:;;s;i!:iimHliAnd Now we are Making Contracts ForFallPaintingOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to be, larger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer busi-ness. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withydu now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.. -3S Vti?VKANE BROS.B Home Phone 399IPARIS, KENTUCKYliililiiilfE!ms3! jjjinDRINKc2 . - wOERTjF.BFISI ,kDOllBLEDAkKThe Drink that Leaves a Pleasant AHat it ki yow hmmm t all !The OERTEL Co, Loukrifc, K,t)4.-"t1J5.T?Jw"felL; ,V9U'1.ijMtf T - il't-fV-W- Jlli- - - xf rjmj "V, J '5..VFI&DAY, JULY 23lt20.FACIFOOtTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY:,fSXLLlLi TAAiifU- 111 fj JUI VU1 U iUEE.t: ; nmr i,c n wilier ii'jr. of ;he proMbUio., department -oh 100 marn aendow-. since it has been found that it has planning to oatdo the other clubs bybeen giving a "kick" comparing having a large festival, donatingfavorably with the one derived the proceeds to this most worthyfrom other beverages when John cause.Barleycorn was numbered among! The Paducah Women's Club isthoe present 'remodeling imd enlarging their- Complaints have been made that handsome club house, and giving. , . , & . . i room a greater seating capacity, and.ginger is being used as a beverage, dQ oyer the sentire int'eriorJames H. Combs, State prohibition artislically and repairing and reirector, said Wednesday. Director painting e exterior. The mem-."Combs stated that the sale of Ja-lbership, under the new President,macia ginger for beverage purposes j Mrs. W. J. Hillis, is growing rap-was just as unlawful as the sale ofliquor and that prosecutions woulde made in flagrant casesraaue m nagniiu . ,.Even in cases m which thejt probable use as a beverage may bereasonaoiy ueuucicu, mc m u&&oi.or other person selling Jamacia Miss Mary e. Sweeney, head qtginger lays himself liable to prose- the ' Department of Home Economicscution," Director Combs said. The j of the University of Kentucky, wassales of Jamacia ginger are being j elected President of the Americaninvestigated by members of the Home Economics Society at the an-?-ot Dirr,combs rd $sz&violations of the law will be prose- J her election in a letter from the Nacuted, it was said. tional Secretary a few days ago.o By virtue of her new office MissBUMPER TRUCK CROPS BRING-; Sweeney will be on the ExecutiveHIGHER PRICES. Board of the Home Economics Jour-nal, the official oigan of the work' Shipments of truck crops and .fruite thus far this season have beenwell m excess of 300,000 cars andhave reached almost exactly thesame total for the corresponding period last year, it was announced bythe Department of Agriculture.Owing to the good demand, thedepartment said, prices on almosteverything except onions have beenhigh this se&son.Potato prices aie slowly workingdownward, but still are twice ashigh as a year ago.Tomato shipments are heavierthan last year at this time.- Peaches still are coming mostlyfrom Georgia and prices are slightlygreater than they were at this season last year.NOTICE TO THE PUBLICI will not be responsible for anydents or accounts maae oy anyone,or charged to me, or to my account,without a written order.CHAS. O. MARTIN.(16-4t)PAINTSANDVARNISHESWe have just put in a completeline ofJohnson'sCincinnatiPaints andVarnishesGuaranteed to be the best thatmoney can buy. And a little bitcheaper than the other fellow'sbest.Pure Linseed Oil and Tupentine at special prices.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsBoth Phones Paris, Ky.A SURE TIPPut Your MoneySuits and YOUYou'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall-sorts of Fancy, Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Valuesat-$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear"SAVE THETWiN BROS.' CLOTHING AHO SHOE DEP'T.VL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorWOMEN'S CLUB NOTESThe North Middletown Woman'sClub, the first club in the State to.idlyTwo more Women's Clubs haveioined the ranks of the "hundredIJer centers" in the State Federation.,. ,111i Th. theBerea Woman's Club and the Cyn-thiana Country Club.in this country.BARGAINS IN HAMMOCKS.Wc have a few Couch Hammocks left in stock that canbe bought at a liberal discount. Better call early.A. Jr. WHEELER & CO.(June29-tf). o .ATTENDING CLASSES IN CITIZENSHIP AT UNIVERSITYAn organization of women citizens of the State and a class in citij.e.nship has been established at theUniversity of Kentucky for the benefit of wqmen who desire to becomeacquainted with the mysteries orpolitics and the governmental problems of State, from which they havehitherto been kept aloof.The following from Bourboncounly are attending the course:Miss Mildred Collins, Mrs. John T.Collins, Mrs. Richard H. Wills, MissLillie Williams, Miss Julia Clarke,Mrs. Noah Rose, Miss. Anna Farrell,Mrs. Ada R. Fishback.. oRESIDENCE AND 8 ACRES TO BESOLD AT AUCTION.Don't fail to attend the sale ofMr. Stanhope Wiedemann's residence and 8 acres of land on Cypressstreet, on Tuesday, July 27. Salestarts at 10:00 a. m., and residencewill be sold at 11:00 o'clock. Alsoat the same time a manure spreader,grain drill, farm wagon, buggy,spring wagon, kitchen utensils,jars, crockery, white enamel Sanitary Favorite Range Stove, etc., willbe sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve. For particulars seeHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.ESTIMATE OF KENTUCKY BLUEGRASS SEED CROP.Production of Bluegrass seed inKentucky is estimated to be 450,000 bushels by the Bureau of Markets at Washington. The reportindicates an acreage five to ten percent, greater and in yield per acre25 per cent, greater than last year.The preliminary survey madf:early in June had indicated anacreage this year slightly less thanlast.on One of OurCANT LOSE!BIgck Sumnwr ClotheDIFFERENCE"RELIGIOUS.Rev. G. E. Powell, pastor of theProvidence Christian church, in Jessamine county, will fill the pulpit ofthe Paris Christian church at bothservices Sunday. Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris church, is conducting a revival in the Providencechurch.The prayer meeting hour for thePresbyterian church has beenchanged by the session of thechurch from 7:30 to 8:00 p. m., forthe summer months. The Teachers'Training Class will meet at 7:30 p.m. The change in time will allowthe teachers to finish their studiesbefore the prayer-meeting begins.rRev. I. M. Boswell, pastor ofthe Georgetown Christian church, isin Santa Cruz, California, where heis attending a Pacific Coast assemblage of the Disciples of Christ.His pulpit was filled last Sunday atGeorgetown by Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian Church.Rev. James Maxon, formerlylector of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, in Paris, afterward president of Margaret College, and pastor of St. John's Episcopal church,in Versailles, has received a call tothe pastorate of Christ Church, atNashville, the largest church of thacdenomination in Tennessee. Rev.Maxon is at present rector of St.Mark's Episcopal church, at CrescenrHill, in Louisville. He has takenthe call under advisement. The callwas extended to Rev. Maxon by acommittee of three prominent Nashville business men, who made a personal visit for that purpose.A series of gospel meetings willbegin at the Ruddles Mills Christianchurch, Sunday morning, August 3,and continue until Sunday night,August 15th. The services will bein charge of Rev. B. Harmon Linville, pastor of Harlem AvenueChristian Church, Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. Linville has held twosuccessful meetings for this, his oldhome church, during the last fewyears. Ii is hoped that this meetingwill be even more successful thanthe others. Mr. Linville is a Bourbon county man and his father, W.T. Linville, now lives at RuddlesMills, He received his early education at the Palmer school nearParis. He afterwards attended theCollege of the Bible and Transylvania College at Lexington. He hasbeen successful in his chosen field?and is now pastor of one of thelarger and stronger churches of hisdenomination in the East. All ax-ecordially invited to these meetings.It will do you good. Bring yourfiiends and be helped.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.The subject of the Sundaymorning sermon will be "Explorations In Mansoul." A call for volunteeis to explore this little-knownrnrt nf flip wnrM will he sounded.The evening topic will be "Spirit-4ual Monstrosities." There the freaksamong souls as well as amongplants and animals. They form thesubject of the sermon Sunday night.Rev. T. S. Smylie, ihe pastor, willpreach at both services. Hours ofFervice: Preaching 11 a. m and7:30 p. m.; Sunday School 9:30 a.m.; Christian Endeavor 6:45 p. m.oIT'S ALL RIGHT.Iff it comes from Davis it isright right in style, right inquality and right in price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRO-1DUCE MARKET REPORTThe movement of poultry is heavier than last year, but due to lighterstorage stocks, there is an excellent-demand. Prices are ruling highermis weeK on rowi and steady onyoung spiing chicken.There is a steady demand for eeres?for current consumption. The price"tendency is nigner tor good qualitystock.Deliveries of cream during ttieweek were lighter and prices higherthan for the same week a year ago.Importation of butter from Denmark, Argentine and Holland, will,to some extent, mak ud for the deficiency in domestic production.oRESIDENCE AND 8 ACRES TO BESOLD AT AUCTION.Don't fail' to attend the sale ofMr. Stanhope Wiedemann's residence and 8 acres of land on Cypresssreet,. on Tuesday, July 27. Salestarts at 10:00 a. m. and residenceat 11:00 o'clock. Also at the sametime a manure spreader, grain drill,farm wagon, buggy, spring wagon,kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery, white enamel Sanitary FavoriteRange Stove, etc., will be sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to beKld without reserve. For particulars, seeHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) - Agents.oHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)DATE OP FOURTH RED CROSSROLL CALL.Novembei 11 to 25 iiave beenselected as the dates for the fourthannual membership "drive" of theAmerican Red Cross, ft was announced here Wednesday. TheBourbon county organization willbegin work on plans for the localend of the National drive in thenear future.Every person in the city andcounty who took out membershipin the organization during the warwill be asked to' renew the membership. The campaign will be knownLostSomewhere in Paris a little girls'blue silk coat. Finder please leaveat this office, and receive stuitablereward. (23-tf) jNotice to Garth FundBeneficiariesThe undersigned Garth FundCommissioners will meet the present (old) beneficiaries of the Fundat the Court House, in Paris, Ky., at9 o'clock a. m., onTHURSDAY, JULY 29, 1920.The present beneficiaries mustbring their accounts, properly itemized, with vouchers or receipts forall expenditures, and their accountsshould balance. Reports of theirclass standing and their grade for ila&t scholastic year must be pre- isented.NEW APPLICANTS.Shall meet the Commissioners aiihe same place, onFRIDAY, JULY 30, 1920.These applicants must present theCommisson proper recommendations as to their moral and financialstanding, as well as a detailed report of their class standing in thelast school attended.JOHN T. COLLINS,E. M. DICKSON,C. M. THOMAS,(23-3t) Commissioners.) .How's YourHealth ?'Npw is the time to take a goodblood medicine or a tonic to buildyeiirself up and get rid of that tiredfeeling. We recommend the following: Tanlac, $1.20.Ainol, $1.20.Scott's Emulsion, 75c and $1.50.Father John's Medicine, 65c and$1.40.Augiei's Emulsion, $1.25.S. S. S., 1.20.Hood's Sarsaparilla, $1.50.Ayer's Sarsaparilla, $1.25.A. D. S. Blood Remedy, $1.00.Saw-Tax Blood Remedy, $1.00.Pepto-Mangan, $1.50.Neofeirum, $1.50.Wampole' Codliver Oil, $1.20.Viroberrum, $1.25. , cR. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.BOURBONWHAT CAN YOU GET AT THEYour Battery ChargedBest of AllBourbon. ,. 209 Main Street Phone25 PER CENTranStarted Saturday, July 17thDiscount Sales ForTWO WEEKSThis Includes Everything, Such AsCoal Oil Stoves and Ovens;Ranges;Gas Stoves and Ranges;Kitchen Cabinets;Congoleum Rugs, 9x12;Axminster and TapestryRugs, 9x1 2;6x9 and 9x12 Crex Rugs;Straw Mattings;Buffets;China Closets;Dining Tables;Give Us a Call and Be Convinced That This is aGENUINE BARGAIN SALEE. M. WHEELERCorner Eighth and Main StreetsPARIS, KENTUCKYEXIDE SERVICE STATION?in LESS TIME at LESS EXPENSE, with LESS DANGERto the battery itself: BECAUSE we have installed anautomatic cut-out to take care of the charging with safetyover night.A Repair Adjustment Guaranteeof 10 Months(Something not generally given): BECAUSE we do notdeem it advisable to repair any battery which will notafterward give the owner ten months longer service.Free Battery Inspectionand addition of distilled water: BECAUSE it is in keeping with Exide Service.Work Turned Outnot with the idea of cheapness and quantity, but with thehonest stamp of quality. xThe Oversize Exide Batteryto give you a "Sure Start Assured" when your old batteryfails completely AND TO SEE THAT IT GIVES YOUSERVICE! :Exide Service StationKitchen Tables;Dining Chairs;Parlor Furniture;Bed Room and Hall Furniture; Porch Swings;Porch Shades;Parlor Lamps;Pictures;Porch Furniture;Mirrors;And numerous other things.tsJzJ$x1?as the, vFourth Red " Cross RollCall." iri'lvi-t).-,(,--VVJ.. 15 VI4&r"1- Si? -"" , :'4Lf -.1FRIDAY, JULY 23, 1920.THE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS,?KENTUCKY""PAG1 flfS 1sf-CtfflWH&fewykFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEIT'S ALL RIGHT.If it comes from Davis it isright right in style, right inquality and right in price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BLACKBERRIES, BLACKBERIES.If you want blackberries phoneus your order and ve will do therest.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Lexington Cadillac Co. revolts the sale of a Cadillac phaeion to Charles Spears, of Paris, aCadillac touring car to Dr. M. H.Pailey, of Paris, and the delivery ofCadillac touring- car and a Cadllac loadster to Woodford Spears, ofPai is.oPINED FOR SPEEDING.In Magistrate Miner's Court, inLexington, Tuesday, B. K. Thomas,Jr., of Paris, was fined ?15 andcosts for exceeding the auto speedlimits. According to the testimonyof Motorcycle Patrolman E. M. Kelley, who arrested him, Thomas wasgoing forty-five miles an hour.SPECIAL REGISTRATIONSpecial registration will be held atthe County Clerk's office In Paris,to-morrow, Saturday, July 23, forpuipoce of registering all voterswho have become of age since thelegular election; have moved toPar's; or removed from one ward toanother. This registration is inpreparation for the August primaryt lection.oDESIRABLE MODERN COTTAGEAT AUCTION, WEDNESDAY.Hi - - JULY 28.We will sell one of the most up-to-dateand desirable modem bungalows in Paris, when we offer thoelegant Bruesaw home at the corner of Sixteenth and High streets,on Wednesday, July 28, at 2 o'clock.This bungalow was built by Mr.John A:kle and everything is firstclass.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.oHAIL INSURANCEFor tobacco hail insuranceseeMcCLURE & DONALDSON,Agents,First National Bank Bldg.(july2-tf)WHEN CLOTHES BUYINGDon't fail to investigate those allwool worsted suits of ours at $35,540 and ?45.J. W. DAA'IS & CO.A PRICELESS POSSESSIONIn these days of unceitain valuesand the high cost of clothing, theowner of real sure-enough clothesnay consider himself fortunate.John T. Hedges, of Paris, is one ofthe fortunate ones. Mr. Hedges isthe proud possessor of a pair ofhomespun linen trousers, made- byhis mother for his father, sixtyyears ago. The material was spunfrom home grown flax on an oldtime spinning wheel by Mrs. Hedges, the thread also being made fromthe same material. The trousersare as good to-day as they werewhen they came from the hands ofthe maker, sixty years ago, and arehighly prized by Mr. Hedges.oSOMETHING NEW IN SHIRTS.Attached collar to button down,in white and colors, at $3, $4, $5and $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oHAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)TAX NOTIFICATION BLANKS BEING DISTRIBUTED.Tax notification blanks to be filled out by taxpayers and returned tothe Commissioner's office before September 1, are now ready for distribution at the office of County TaxCommissioner Walter Clark, in thecourt house.The law prescribes that theseblanks must be properly filled outand returned by September 1. Thosefailing will necessitate the filing ofschedules with the County Board ofEqualization when a penalty willbe added. Commissioner Clark isbeing assisted by Deputy Commissioner John J. Redmon and ChiefClerk Will Stone.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT4 Paiis business man suggests toTHE NEWS that the Paris Ice Co.should establish uptown and downtown ice stations, from which deliveries of the frozen luxury couldbe made more easily and quickly.He made the point that while onesection of the town is being served"with ice, other sections were on thewaiting list, and that by establishing these stations customers in allparts of the city could be served atthe same time. The ice companyemploys motor trucks to supply thewagon while delivering on theirroutes, and by this means the citycould be supplied with, greater facility. THE NEWS puts the matterup to Manager Nieib im the beliefthat the .suggestion is a good one.SOCIAL A1W PERSONAL.Comingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. William T. Bryanare at Dawson Springs for a stay often days.Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webbwas a business visitor in Louisvilleseveral days this week.-Mis Damie Cahal is spendingthe week-end in Winchester as aguest of Mrs. H. L. Sewell.Miss Alma Goldstein is visitingMr. and Mrs. Samuel Oppenheim, in.Huntington, West Virginia.Miss Katherine Hammonds, ofAshland, is a guest of her aunt,Mrs. George Rose, in this city.Mrs. M. Elkin has returned toher home in Cincinnati, affer a visitto Mrs. Rebecca Teager, on Highstreet.Miss Mabel Templin has asguest at her home on South Mainstreet Miss Lucy Hunter, of Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. Smith Clarke, ofGraham Springs, aie guests offriends and relatives in this cityand county.Mrs. John J. Connell is spending the week in Mayslick, Masoncounty, as guest of her sister, Mrs.Dan Drennon.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Smith, ofnear Paiis, were guests recently ata dining given in Winchester by Mr.and Mrs. Milton King.Miss Mary Lawrence Holt hasturned to her home in Louisvilleafter a visit to her mother, Mrs.Ben Holt, in this city.Mrs. Robert Carr, two daughteis, Misses Margaret and RosieMay, and son, Floyd, are visitingrelatives in Boyle county.Mrs. Charles Nelson and littleson, Chas. Nelson, , Jr., have returned to Winchester, after a visitto Paris friends and relatives.Mrs. Evelyn Buck and Mrs. Lu-cien Buck aie spending the weekend in Cincinnati with Mr. Buck,who is theie on a business mission.Murray Higgins returned Wednesday morning fiom a short stay atMartinsville, Ind. Mr. Higgins hasresumed his former position at theOwsley Cafe.J. B. Hudson, who has been illat his home on South Main street,for some time, has been removedto the Massie Memorial Hospital,for treatment.David Feld has returned fromCamp Daniel Boone, the Y. M. C. A.Camp at Valley View, where hisson, Sol, is a member of the Bourbon delegation in camp.Mr. and Mrs. Watson Judy andson, T. J. Judy, Jr., have returnedfrom an extended trip to Buffalo.New York City, Niagara Falls, andother points in the East.Mr. arid Mrs. W. E. Patton havv.leturned from an extended visit torelatives in Durham, South Carolina. While away they visitedRichmond, Va., and Ocean View.Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Mrs. "SamWillis, Miss Frances Clay and MissNell Clay left Tuesday for a twoweeks' trip to Atlantic City, Philadelphia, New York City and Washington, D. C.Mr. H. D. Campbell, father ofMr. Hugh Campbell, formerly ofParis, is very ill at his home in thiscity. His daughter, Mrs. JulianMcClintock, of Richmond, has beenat his bedside.Miss Mary Ross, of Paris, wasone of the guests at a dinner partygiven in Covington, Wednesday, byMrs. Robert Slater, in honor of MissNorma Tucker's guest, Miss Scott,of Dallas, Texas.Two of the city's most attractive visitors are guests of Mr. andMrs. Rudolph Davis, at their homeon East Seventh street. They areMisses Urna Keating, of Batesville,Miss., and Gladys Gorham, of Louisville. 'Harry' Horton, formerly ofParis, who has been a guest for several days of his brother, J. L. Horton, in Paris, has gone to Tarboro,North Carolina, where he will takea position with the J. P. TaylorTobacco Co.George D. Speakes, of the realestate firm of Harris, Speakes &Harris, left Wednesday for a businesp trip to points in Ohio. He willconduct sales of building lots inWashington C. H., Leesburg- Hillsboro and Xenia.A note from Lake Chautauqua,New York, says: "Among the manyKentucky people present at the reception given by the ChautauquaWoman's Club at the Hotel Athenaeum, was Mrs. P. A. Shackleford, ofParis, who comes to Chautauquoevery summer for an extendedstay." aMr. and Mrs. W. V. Bennet, ofWinchester, entertained recently atiheir home in that city, for themembers of the Kentucky CentralInsurance Club, with an elaborateone o'clock dinner. Among thoseattending were M. E. McCurdy andE. C. Joplin, of the Paris office.Mrs. Bradley Richardson, ofWinchester, entertained in a mostcharming manner at the home ofMr. and Mrs. R. K. Curtis, in thatcity, in honor of her house guests,Misses Eulala Owens, of Covington,and Miss Pauline Owens, of Paris.The evening was spent in music anddancing. Refreshments of ices andcakes were served during the evenMr. and Mrs. Jasper Neeley, orHoopston, Ills., were guests ofhono'r at a dining given by Mr. andMrs. Squire Lucas, at their country home, near Paris. The guestswere: Mr. and Mrs. C. D.i.noas and daughter, and Mr. R. S.Lucas, of Wallingford, Ky.; Mrs. A.McCaitney and daughter, MissNancy McCartney, of Paris; Mr. andMrs. C. T. Lucas and son, WilsonLucas, of near Millersburg.The members of the nursingstaff at the Massie Memorial Hospital were guests of the Superintendent, Mrs. Elizabeth. Snapp,Monday night. Refreshments wereserved. Those present were MisfaRowland. Miss Annette Gray. MissClick. Jkliss-Mary Stone,Miss H&T-njy and Mrs. Christian ;t Dr."' J.jstoeckenger, Dr. Hart, of Clinton-ville, Finnell Galloway GeorgeDoyle, Doyle Day and Mr. Miller.Miss Florence Wilson left Wednesday for a two-weeks' sojourn atSwango Spriugs.Miss Nancy Dent McCartneyhas returned from a visit to relatives in Flemingsburg.Miss Sallie Hall has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Louisvilleand in New Albany, Ind.Miss Elizabeth JErdman, ofLexington, is a guest of Miss MaryKenney Webber, in this city.Mrs. John Lair, of Paris, leftWednesday for an extended stay atLake Chautauqua, New York.Mrs. Ida Hamilton Stoner, ofMt. Sterling, is visiting friends andrelatives in Paris and the county.William Myell, of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., isconvalescing after a serious illness.Mrs. Belle Adair and Mrs. J.Lawrence Horton are Visiting1friends and relatives in Masoncounty.Mrs. W. R. Fenwick and children have returned from a visit torelatives in Lebanon Junction andGlasgow.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Taylor willleave to-morrow for a sojourn atWest Baden Springs, West Baden,Indiana.Airs. Gus Margolen and twochildren will leave to-day for a tripto Atlantic City and other points iuthe East.Miss Margaret Hill returnedWednesday from a two-weeks' visitto Mr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss,in Mt. Sterling.Miss Mary Frances Lyons, ofLouisville, is a guest of her grandmother, Mrs. Maria Lyons, and other relatives, in this city.Mrs. Arthur Weigle has returned to her home in Evansville; Indiana, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Albeit C. Wachs, on Tenth street.Mrs James Toohey and children have returned to their homenear this city after a visit to Mr.and "Mrs. James 'Lenihan, in Cynthiana. Mrs. Ellen Shea, of Lexington,who has been a guest of her son,Jas. E. Shea, and Mrs. Shea, in thiscity, has gone to Carlisle to visitJ. W. Smith, of Berry, is on"duty at the office of the Train Dispatcher of -the Louisville & Nashville, at this point, for the next twoweeks as third trick operator.M. M. Sheffield, physical director for the Bourbon County Y. M.C. A., has returned from BlueRidge, North Caiolina, where heattended the sessions of the Southern Y. M. C. A.Mrs. George A. Keller entertained at her country home nearParis, Wednesday afternoon, with, aluncheon-bridge. After playing anumber of games the guests wereserved delicious refreshments.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissAnita Hatterick entertained with atheatre party Monday evening inhonor of her guest. Miss RebeccaPurnell. of Paris. After the theatresthey were served delightfully withices and angel food cake at Whitt'sThe tables weie beautifully decorated with sweet peas. Th'e guestswere Misses Rebecca Purnell, ofParis; Mary "Margaret Richer, Margaiet Catherwood Sprake. MaryLair, Sarah Hart Taylor, Constance"Cleary, Louise and Dorothy Mynheir, Fannie Lou Rorer, Alice Cox,Hugh Ella Humphrey, Martha GayleJuett, Sarah Garnett Carroll, Pauline Gnadinger.t of Dayton, O., andRuth Jenkins, of Denver, Col. Theywere chaperoned by Mrs. R. S. Haviland and Mrs. Henry Hatterick."(Oother Personals on Page 3").oFORMER PARISIAN INJURED INAUTO ACCIDENT.Rev. Thos. R. Talbott, of Lexington, superintendent of home missions for the West Lexington Presbytery, brother of Mrs. W. A. Johnson, of Paris, was slightly injuredTuesday night when an automobilein which he was a passenger collided with a wagon loaded with wheaton the Winchester pike.Others in the car were Rev. Jos.Hagins, paster of the Walnut HillPresbyterian church; Miss UnaGray Hagins and Rev. R. T. Gillespie, of Lexington. Mr. Hagins wasdriving the automobile. His visionwas impaired by an approaching automobile, the lights of which werenot dimmed, and the car was swerved into the wagon on the side ofthe road.oAUTO AND TROUSERS DAMAGEDBY EIRE.When an auto belonging to MissIda Arkle caught fire in an unaccountable manner in front of theR. C. Ruggles Motor Co.'s garage italso caused other troubles forwhich leaking gasoline was responsible. In trying to extinguish the flameswhich badly damaged the machine,Mr. Ruggles slipped and fell into apool of gasoline on the street.Flames from the burning machineignited the gasoline, which, in turn,communicated to the seat of Mr.Ruggles' trousers. The fire was extinguished by Mr. Ruggles doing aMarathon slide through the dust forseveral yards. The trousers wereruined.PRISONER TAKENTON.TO LEXTNG-Henrj; Hughes, colored, arrestedin Paris, Saturday night by Patrolman vRobt. Lusk on a charge of having liquor in his possession for purposes of sale in prohibition territory, was taken to Lexington,Wednesday, by (J. S. Marshal DaveReagan.Prohibition Officer T. P. Oliver, ofLexington, came to Par's, Tuesday,and took charge of the "evidence."which he took back to Lexington.The liauor consisted of three quartsof colored moonshine Hughes alleged that he secured in Detroit. Itwas in regulation sise, quart -bet tiesA-lone 0f which bore -the lateloi aPennsylvania distiller.fOUR CLOSING OUTSALEHundreds of people are taking advantage this goingout of business sale daily. Are you one of them? Youhad better stop and think of the chance that we are offering on nice, clean, up-to-date merchandise.Read our prices carefully and see for yourself if .youcan duplicate them.JUST A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS50c Dress Ginghams at 29cMotor Cloths worth $1.00 at 69c$1.25 Motor Cloth for ...i 89cf .$3.50 Georgettes, closing out sale $1.98f Crepe de Chenes, $3.5b value at $lr98One lot of Dress Goods, $1.50 to $2.25 value, to close at. . 79cOne lot of 30c Towels at 21cWhite Goods at 39c-59-73c-97cA saving of from 15c to 50c oa the yard.Hosiery is reduced greatly. , A. AMillinery and Ready-to-Wear Goods have been reduced -awaybelow cost to close them out.We have a beautiful line of Dresses at,A line of Dresses at $29.50 and $39.50 xThat can't be duplicated for double the price.Come and investigate for yourself !HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYMmsmifliJBMMJMLIm H iI '-1 '. ;. Whv ' ' -' vB "jw' --. WW I IT SiIp5 ' & t - - 1. j. . MsI -:: HOt , ' i.-' Buy - v- mThe . bSit . i -Wm' " Best? !rv. , Ij :i Automatic U . II ; Refrigerators 1 y4 m - .M f i PIa - - X ' mm " 'I " hB-THE J. T. flINTON C J1 EITHERPHONE 3C PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AMD mm fc-, fl; Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach-UntfartaMnc ;V '. . . j HHw' vV&CONTINUES!BT-s IB1 -;HTm$19.75VvV.vi:sn UHHHMaMBDOUBnnjIXPMjn .J mt- -;a .. i '5M2.--. i . Sift r f iiir - itmY-fnmimm iTJBkBMMmMmMB7::-X' i a -4. K'jvvf'- "-. --"I - ,V'-,yr"T -.,j j -. XL .-. v'"'- - .. JCa i t -.- I - . - .-, ,..'. - i ' - ,.'" ;:-;., . rAGB SBC ' -' " THE" BOURBON NEWS, PABfe, KENTPCKY T.T'"--$Y ' - huay: jtoy 23, m. -r. J5 : : j . , . ' -,fr.I&PkyMI,1-kmb'fc.yrfr.'it.Rfc,lr-vrw--k?'l:'l cA1"v--iXX'Jffr.' ,'' V -VP-Jfc&'.3- V"J 4fcaWILDROOT iI will improve Ii hair or we i1 pay youViIdrootisaguaranteedpreparation r'which goes right at the hidden causei .of coming baldness the scaly, itchy scrust of dandruff. Wildroot removesi5 nis crust allows nature to producethe thick lustrous hair normal to any; iealthy scalp. r'H' Wildroot Liquid Shampoo or WildtootZZ Shampoo Soap, used in connectioa withC "Wildroot Hair Tcalc, will hastea the -fcl treatment.W1LRP06T7HE GUARANTEED HAIR TONIC EP For sale here under a 5moncyback guarantee aBrooks & Snapp Drug Co.TWO SPOTS.You can't persuade some peopleby argument to stay in the countrybut some day an empty stomach willbe more eloquent than all your reasoned logic.A lot of the people who complain, that food prices are high, are thesame ones who want the road moneyspent on pleasure boulevards, ratherI than on farm wagon routes.Every time you spend money improving the exterior of businessbuildings, you make people want tocome inside and see what such neatand attractive structures offer forsale.Passenger automobiles, it is estimated, use on an average of 300 gallons of gasoline each year, and motor trucks 1,500 gallons.WIFE IS LIKE ANEW PERSONNOWA.Kssnf -iiv x&i: Viuv w j ri "ii.BJLJr-iwAV;&2.'MOKE" !SCwithout question if Hunt's Salvofails in the trratment of Eczema,Tctter.Rinworm.Itch.etc. Don'tbecome discouraged because othertreatments failed. Hunt's Salvehas relieved hundreds of. suchcases. You can't lose on ourMoney Back Guarantee. Tryit at our risk TODAY. Price 75&For sale locally byFor Sale byL. OBERDORFER,Druggist, Paris, Ky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Cornfer Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.KTHE SHADESINDIANA'S "GARDEN OF THE GODS"(Cool Inviting Picturesquse)The most complete change of Within the shortest distancescenery for everyone i from everywhereOPEN FROM MAY UNTIL NOVEMBERHOTEL Well Marked Highways GARAGEFREE ROAD MAP FURNISHED ON APPLICATIONJ. FRISZ, Manager WAVELAND, IND.Till Aug'27FKentucky iFarmer Says NothingHelped Her Until She TookTanlac Suffered 20 Years.Remarkable indeed was thestatement made by W. T. Walker, aprominent farmer, living at Shepherdsville, Ky., R. F. D. No. 2, whilein Louisville a few days ago.Mr. Walker declared that threebottles of Tanlac has done his wifemore good than all the other medicines she has taken in twenty yearsput together."For twenty years," said Mr. Walker, "my wife had been unable toeat anything without suffering terribly with indigestion. She hadsuch violent cramping pains in herstomach at times that she could notstraighten up; she was constipatedall the time and often got so dizzyshe would nearly fall. She had nostrength and her nerves were soshattered that she could hardlysleep at all."Nothing ever helped her untilshe got Tanlac and that's saying agood deal, for she tried everything.Tanlac helped her right from thestart, and while she has just finished her third bottle she is alreadylike a different person. Her stomachis in such fine condition now she cantven eat pork or anything else andnever has a pain or an uncomfortable feeling afterwards. She is nolonger constipated and never has adizzy spell, and her nerves havequieted down until she sleeps just,like a child every night. Tanlac isbound to be a fine' medicine to dowhat it has for my wife after shehad suffered so long, and I will recommend it to anybody."Tanlac is sold in Paris at People'sPharmacy. (adv)oCLIMBING PIKE'S PEAK REVSTORE'S DORSEY'S HEARING-mFirst Mortgage Gold BondsThe Standard Safe 6 Investment Becauser They are first mortgages on definite! pieces of choice improved Louisville! Real Estate.They are safe from labor troublesand economic changes.Their purchase is a confidential matter. They are backed by the ConsolidatedRealty Company, with assets of$1,000,000, and a record of 20 yearwithout a. loss to investors.MATURITIES FROM 1 TO 12 YEARS, IN AMOUNTS OF $100,-$500,-$1,000.Write today for further information.CONSOLIDATED REALTY CO.231 SOUTH FIFTH STREET, LOUISVILLE, KY.E. S. Wbotley, C. C Hieatt,itmtager Bond Department, President.They yield 6 net from date of pur. chase.f They are not subject to market fluc. tuations.While enroute to his home in Carlisle from Portland, Oregon, wherehe had been attending the NationalShriners' convention. W. I. Dorsey,coal and lumber merchant, wentwith a party up on Pike's Peak.Mr. Dorsey has been deaf for anumber of years and while descending the heights he discovered thathis sense of hearing had returnedand since that time has. been able tohear as clearly ( as he ever did.oJ. P.Prominent Real Estate BrokerMassachusetts ,ofHenry Af. John$mSecretary.Boil It Thoroughlyfifteen minutes or moreafter boiling beginsLong boiling brings outthe full, rich flavor ofPostum CerealAnd while you eiijoy your cupof this attractive table drink,remember that it containsno caffeine or other harmfulsubstance."There's a Reason"Made by Postum Cereal Company, Inc.Battle Creek, MichiganBoston, Aug. 25, says: "I havebeen in the real estate brokeragebusiness for many years. I havesuffered with loss of sleep, indigestion and nervousness, but since taking Argo-Phosphate, I sleep betterand eat without fear of distress, andcan feel a great change in my system." There is .nothing in medicine science that equals Argo-Phosphate inthe treatment of indigestion, rheumatism, nervousness, kidney andliver ills. Sold by Brooks & SnappDrug Co., and all reliable druggists.(july23-aug20)oHandicapped by HeightAs a rule very tall persons are saidto be over-sensitive about their heightto such a degree that It often provesa handicap in the way of their successIn life. A notable instance of thischaracter was the nine-foot giant ofRussia, Machnow, who made a fire living by exhibiting himself, yet he wasthe most miserable person on accountof his height.fcosvGheeks'atinSfiinH - sZ."VFurs, Hides, Junk, Woolt We pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc, -Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSiKwontbMiKiiciiJcWMMrhomm 374 Eighth St.. opp. Martki Bros.Because of her rosy cheeks andsatin skin a woman attracts theadmiration of all men. When theyoun womanpers in herglasi, shentaysee pimplesand blotchesand she im' mediately goesto the drug store for paint, poifders and beauty creams, when sheshould go there for a blood medicine and stomach alterative knownas "Golden Medical Discovery."This vegetable tonia and bloodalterative clears the skm, beautifies it, increases the blood supplyand the circulation, while pimples,boils and eruption vkMSh quickly.Ask your nearest druggist for Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery in tablet or liquid form or send10c. for trial package of tablets too sir-ee, bob!No premiums withCamels all quality!IAMELS quality plus Camels ex-V4 pert blend of choice Turkish andchoice Domestic tobaccos pass out themost wonderful cigarette smoke youever drew into your mouth!And, the way to prove thaistatement is to compare Camelspuff-by-puf with any cigarette inthe world!Camels have a mild mellowness thatis as new to you as it is delightfulYet, that desirable "body" is all there!They are sdways refreshing thejnever tire your taste.Camels leave no unpleasant cigarettyaftertaste nor unpleasant cigaretty odor!Your say-so about Camels will be:(MJ, but that's a great cigarette".u nte.Mm NIT'liWaBSiid: : UVr-AtiaV .51."nUI lisBBsrBBBBBVnIbPIIbHpBJC"M4.B eftiBBBBBBT-NJji:s.'-5BWMTURKISH &DOMESTICfVmH BLEMD " Wmm - t r A. o - t" -r - JElrK( "'-; ... y (,BBBSBSSSSflBMSHnBHBBflSBBBHrHQH Camels are sold everywhere in scientifically sealedJBBBBBBBBSBJIBW packages cigarette or ten packages 200BBBBBBBBBBBBBBB? cigarettes) in a glamaine-paper-covered carton. WeISBBBBBBBm etrongly recommend this carton for the home or offico Vr BtBH supply or when you .BTbV.- B R J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO. J Ijg k : ft Winston-Salem, N. C L HaLW BBBBBBBka.' BS '1 IBBsr BBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBak. .BBBBsBBSBBBBA. BBBBBBhBWBh SS1 IbbT? 9 v 0 (. S IBBBBA BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBLIbBBbV- BBB BBBBbW. BBLV BBLPRICESMdl K-44 . $1595.00Model K-45 - $1595.00Model K-46 - $2235.00Model K-47 $2465.00Model K-49 - $1865.00Model K-50 . $2895.00F.O.B. Flint, Mich.Prices Revised April 1, '20fBUICK cars are the result of twentyyears of consistent and reliable motorcar building built thoroughly by scientific processes which have stood the grilling tests of time and endurance.Each model is an expression of everlastingbeauty, comfort and durability, bringingto each owner that complete satisfactionof ownership for. which Buick cars havebecome so famous.The pleasing results that have been attained by over five hundred thousandBuick' cars in operation has so greatlyincreased the publics demand for Buickproduct that those who are looking forward to Buick ownership should placetheir orders early and avoid any xssibledelay in desired delivery.k HbBBh I BflBBaS9Bm'When better automobiles are built, Buick will build themTheC. S. BallCor. Fourth and Pleasant: Sts.GarageGat for BalltoM.Hydrogen is the fas most commonlyiaed for balloons. It rHMlrss aboiit12Sp cable, Mit to lift balloon;sMnttfiBea nuse as4tls; cbaapr, batHiniMiiiiii4iiiiiniHttiiriiiniiniiHiuitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiini4JiiMiHiJiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiii '"iil!.'!WlLUAM K. HAG AN C-JON- - " - - ' ' v v.' ;f"iiKAtfoiaA'iMfcv "-. '4? ' . PijParis, Kentuckyrw 1K T-...i.i:j trr v '?xr. V'tli JUAYAIMOT X1TOK?IB4. . - "' ' - -r. ..' -s. m -BuffaIo,fNi.Y.i':r v ; - VlHv,w'JUlwy?satisetBty fetcavst sfi" r; . Mtom?MVvUi9m?tfv- ,wwwtiMtfiHWiiSflimaa iimp 11 y tiwuigl'"' ,rH - ,:vv'V,iV'-N,'J-X." ':'&lJiA--"T.'W "FRIDAY, JULY 23, 1920.& - -vvVTHBIN!jM1LLERSBURGtrtHow Many Women Are Like This ?Can anything be more wearing'for "women than the ceaselessround of household duties? Oh! the monotony of it allwork and drudge ; notimetobesick; tired, ailing, yet cannot stop. There comes a time when something " snaps " andthey find themselves "simply -worn out," and to make mattersworse, have contractedserious feminine disorder which almostalways follows the constant overtaxing of a woman's strength.Then they should remember that there is no remedy likeIydia E. Pinkliain's "Vegetable Compound the experience of these two women establishes that fact :Cedar Kapids, la. -"After thebirth of my last child I had suchpainful spells that would unfit moentirely for my housework. I suffered for months and the doctor saidthat my trouble was organic ulcersand I would have to have an operation. That was an awful thing tome, with a young baby and four otherchildren, so one day I thought ofLydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound and how it had helpedme years before and I decided to tryit again. I took five bottles of Vegetable Compound and used Lydia E.Pinkham's Sanative Wash and sincethen I have been a weU woman, ableto take care of my house and familywithout any trouble or a day's pain.I am reader and thankful to swear byyour medicine any time. I am fortyfour years old and have nothad a day'sillness of any kind for three years."Mrs. H. Koxnig, 617 Ellis lvd,Cedar Bapids, Iowa.Sandusky, Ohio. " After thebirthof my baby I had organic trouble.Sly doctor said it was caused bytoo heavy lifting and I wouldhave to have an operation. Iwould not consent to an operationand let it go for over a year, havingmy sister do my work for me as Iwas not able to walk. One day myaunt came to see me and told meabout your medicine said it curedher of the same thing. I took LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand used Lydia E. Pinkham's Sanative Wash and they have cured me.Now I do my own housework, washing and ironing and sewing for myfamily and also do sewing for otherpeople. I still take a bottle of Vegetable Compound every spring for atonic. I recommend your medicineto others who have troubles similarto mine and yon can use my letterif you wish." Mrs. Paul Papknfuse,1325 Stone St.,Sandusky,Ohio.All Worn Out Women Should TakeLYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO- LYNN.MASS.(Received Too Late for TuesdayIssue)Master Hart Miller is spendinga few weeks with a number of hisyoung friends at Camp DanielBoone.Mrs. O. M. Adams and littledaughter, Maitha, of Kennel, Ga.,are guests of her cousin, Mrs. W.M. Miller.Mr. Frank Moore, of Lexington, Va., arrived "Friday as the guestof relatives here.Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmettleft Saturday for a two-weeks' sojourn at Swango Springs.Misses Natalie Shannon andKatherine Jones left Thursday for aseveral weeks' visit to Mrs. FrankMoore, at Lexington, Va.Mrs. H. C. Current, who underwent an operation for appendicitisat St. Joseph-Hospital, Lexington,about two weeks ago, is at the homeof her father, Dr. C. B. Smith, muchimproved, and will be able to returnto her own home in a few days.Miss Elizabeth Clark, of Frankfort, Secretary of the KentuckyEpworth League, has been a guestof Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Mohney, inthis city. Miss Clarke will leavethis week for Junaluska, North Carolina, as an official representativefrom the Kentucky Epworth Leagueto attend the Southern EpworthLeague Assembly of the Methodistchurch.Mr. Ashby Leer was taken suddenly ill Sunday morning, lie wasstarting to his farm on tome specialbusiness when he was seized withsevere pains in the abdomen. He returned home at once, and Dr. C. B.Smith was summoned. After working with him for a time, he wastaken to St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, for examination. As no fever has developed up to this writingDr. Barrow has not determinedwhether he is suffering from appendicitis, gall stones or kidney trouble.M. M. I. CASE IN COURT OF APPEALS.The suit of residents of Millersburg to prevent the Bourbon County Board of Education from carrying out a deal for the purchase ofthe Millersburg Military Institute,and its conversion into a CountyHigh School, was presented to theCourt of Appeals at Frankfort, Saturday. Circuit Court Judge RobertL. Stout denied an injunction, anda motion was filed before AppellateJudge Augustus Thomas. A decision is expected in the case soon.Active, Anyway.Paul went with his mother to thecountry. Fresh vatercress from thebrook was served on the table and upon venturing to try some for the firsttime, he exclaimed: "Oh, it's alive!""Why do you think so?" asked hismother. "Because it bites my tongue,"he answered.VZinIp6B'Tm"-'-t44--r"" irfrM",,,,,M. LLkHii""11!!;(ay'fT"'. nU - rf!rrtV 1, "?L WIHIIlJIICSV Tm iWHITESHOEDRESSING!'KEEP YOUR SHOESaTHEF.F.DALLEVCORPORATIONS.il(f'zi i l.i!3 ,'AV-i3xP-C. ..My, J ,--' . .' y . ?. "SVr S ZJtflft ' ? r:?.,i' ' fit 7"V3S?-f norerowef4 V F "m louThssa friendly little PEPSOTONETablets can bring you this power.They have a. wry of rebuilding theentire istem. They purge the liverof impuritips. They cleanse the blood.They refresh tired nerves, strengthenweakened lissuec. Food tastes betterafter PEPSOTONE has been at work.Your meals agree with you. You forget indigestion, headaches, listlessness.Say "Fepsoto-ne" to your druggist, andgive him. 25c You'll get what you want.Jay Pepsotonc CompanyHuntington, W. Va.Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetXImm-SATISFACTION;OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- mments in laundry appliances Hand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.brighter;EVENINGSThe Bourbon Laundry" jnuParis, Kentucky-isc !Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesiV,iVLMlmi! mmliiFrrm C'. - r w m ' -1.Vrr'tUn-'ifffrrrrri;ir:TrJ ::ftfitftrVI"llJ" :"HII I I"? ltTi n rr f r rirr rr riI "JLLLi r t IVn-TSuIIfelttKSIBHi "iirrAdB'The Dunlap Clothes ShopFor Men's and Boy's ClothesIN THE HEART OF DOWNTOWN CINCINNATIOn your next trip to Cincinnati, we invite you to visit ourbig, new store on Vine Streetat the Arcade.A warm welcome awaits youhere.We pride ourselves on thenumber of friends we have inyour city. Now we want toget acquainted with you.Satisfying customers and selling good clothes for men andboys is our business. We sellthe kind of clothes you like towear metropolitan styles ofperfect fit and distinctivefabric.You will like our store, ourclothes, our salespeople, andour service.Send for Illustrated Style BookThe DUNLAP CLOTHES SHOP417-423 Vine Street Corner of Arcade CINCINNATIThe Home of Hart Schaffner & Marx ClothesLEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESiGirls! Make beauty lotion Tora few cents Try ItnMiHHBaMaaaHMai-v O miRECJm ::ST7i9H1Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of orchard white, shake welland you will have a quarter pint ofthe best freckle a"nd tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost. iYour grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each,day and see how freckles -and blemishes disappear and how clear, softand rosy-white the skin becomes.Yes! It is harmless and never irritates. (adv-tf-F)oIn Africa there is a lack of locomotives and light railway cars arebeing drawn along the tracks byioad tractors.OPPORTUNITYMrs. Ellis' Cash.GroceryJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her eiiestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering; Gas.But the eirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd hRs Electric Light.Opposite Court HouseParis, Ky.In the past year there hasbeen one hundred and twentyone REO TRUCKS sold inFayette County.Bourbon County has an equalopportunity for next year.We are looking for a liverepresentative.Write or call us.KITTRELL & CALLAWAYREO DISTRIBUTORSLEXINGTON, KY.16-4t 'Paris Gas & Electric Co.dncorpAxmted)Iced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesllllBoth PhonesFree DeliveryLUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyVv-n. te-s?cy'6?v :v-r - v 1'--v .:?.k r:-(ij(fAF-j, T .-v4-.''''W '-r sPAGE SIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JOLT IS, It.THF Al AMO AMD DADIft liDAMH II A Ji.:..: .-Adriit. 27c p4 3c w tax. 3MILLERSBURGDEATHS.s'-- -mm-r-mi-.v mv- m- r-mM,mir VlViftllV H XUlU19IUnChildren and Galkry ISc pftw 2c war tax 3c-Sirs. H. C. Current is able to"Vfcfep and about the house.r TMVc T P T,Pfr 1ft Sntiirdnvv . Jr a. two-weeks' sojourn at Graham,- flptiRgs.t County Assessor Redmon was at' " -" &kc Farmers' Bank, Wednesday and' 'arawrsday, assessing the property of. ''- tfkls precinct.r-JtC fr. and Mrs. Stewart Johnson,wt Gonzales, Tex., arrived Tuesday25 the guests of Squire and Mrs. E.3 T&oraason.. Rev. and Mrs. R. K. White, ofjLomSville, and Rev. Hesler, of2forth Carolina, are guests of Mr.m Mrs. A. T. Maffott.' Mr. Ashby Leer returned from&L Joseph Hospital, Lexington,Twes'fi&y, where he has been sinceSssiday much improved.?r. E. M. Thomason will leaveSteiurday for a two-weeks' visit to3te "brother, Mr. Arthur Thomason,aji family, at Chicago."SJisses Marguerite, Edith and3Ixrrfett Wood,' and Miss Christinezxterscm returned Wednesday afterai ten-days' sojourn at Washington,Sfr. William Wright, whilestcing hay a few days ago, felltfram. the stack, breaking his collaiSane. He is confined to his home,jcnd is as comfortable as circumstances "will permit.Miss Eyle Hutchison, of NepSna, who has been, taking a specialaax--Keek', course at Eastern KenZ&dkj State Normal School, at Richixm, w:Il arrive Sunday for a fewdays- visit to Airs. A. T. Maffott andother relatives.A Sunday School meeting haseen in progiess at i-he Baptistcfeurch since Monday night. SerTaces each afternoon at 3:00 p. ni.aoicL T:30 p. m. dining the past-areek. Rev. R. K. White, pastor ofIffie church, is assisted by Rev. Hester, of North Carolina. The meeting-will close this evening.oIT'S ALL RIGHT,if it comes from Davis it isirifiht right in style, right inmiality and right in price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BIRTHS.Near Centerville, to the wife ofJohn Cropper, a daughter, their firsts3iifd. Mrs. Cropper was formerlyZSOsS. Irene Leverne, of New York.SAHR0AD MEN BENEFIT BYWAGE INCREASEw The United States Railway Labor3Bcar(L sitting at Chicago, Tuesday,agreed! to a twenty-one per cent. Increase to railroad men, retroactiveix? May 1. The amount will total5500,000,000, the greatest increaseaa. history. The men will hold a referendum tc decide whether to ac-i-r-tit or to have a general strike.Pterqh.t and passenger rates willtre to be increased eighteen per6PpfThe entire force of employes inParis will come in for increasednvages under this decision, whichOfaounts to a large sum in case of3iost of them.C3RLS CAMP AT CAMP DANIELBOONE.A nu Tiber of girls from Paris aretannine: to attend the girls' recreation camp at Camp Daniel Boone,JLvgvst 8-21. The camp is open toall girls over twelve years of age.3ie rate is eight dollars a week.Registration should be made at theT. M. C. A.nUSnpMHWlIiaa8LS-tfiselSK-S5-B - gBBssWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the p'lintiva cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the oisso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonoia will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down thetrailof yesterday.The Claxtonoiap The Ideal Home PhonographT. W.MAIN STREETHARNEY.Dispatches in the daily papersof Tuesday told of the killing of aBourbon county man, Lee DavisHarney, by George Sanders, a tenant on the Harney farm, nearBardstown, in Nelson county. Thekilling was caused by an altercation between the men over a crop ofoats.Harney resided in this county forseveral years, having been engagedin raising tobacco near Paris. Helater moved to Fayette county, anda year or more ago he purchased afarm in Nelson county, where hehad since resided. He was aboutsixty years old, and is survived byhis widow, Mrs. Nellie Harney; onedaughter, Mrs. Chas. Cassity, ofnear Lexington; five brothers,William, George, Grover, Ben andFloyd Harney, all of Lexington;three sisters, Mrs. Frank Strawder,of Muncie, Indiana; Mrs. ChambersBuckley, and Miss Maggie Harney,of Illinois.The body was 'taken to Lexington,where the funeral was held Wednesday morning, with services conducted by Rev. Frank T. Mclntyre, pastor of the Ep worth Methodistchurch, of Lexington. The interment followed on the family lot inthe Lexington Cemetery.DESIRABLE MODERN COTTAGEAT AUCTION. DNESDAY.JULY 28.We will sell one of the most up-to-dateand desirable modern bungalows in Paris, when we offer theelegant Bruesaw home at the cornerof Sixteenth and High streets, on.Wednesday, July 28, at 2 o'clock.This bungalow was built by Mr.John Arkle and everything is firstclassHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t)Agents.ATTENTION, BUILDERS!Iff you don't do if now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)ORPHAN BRIGADE REUNION TOBE HELD HERE.A communication has been received by Mayor E. B. January fromGen. W. B. Haldeman, life commander of the Orphan Brigade, whois at Warm Sulphur Springs, Va.,accepting the invitation of the cityof Paris for the annual meeting ofthe Brigade tc be held here nextSeptember.General Haldeman accepted theinvitation on behalf of himself andthe members of the Orphan Brigade,and has notified Mayor Januarythat he will issue an order for themembers of the Brigade to assemblain Paris 'at noon on Thursday, September 30.LIVESTOCK SHIPPMENTSCaywood & MeClintock, livestockdealers, shipped from Paris to NewYork market Wednesday, 800 headof lambs, from which they paidfarmeis from thirteen to fourteencents a pound.In Germany automobile tires cost13 2,000 marks, and a litre of gasoline is now worth as much as a litreof champagne was before the war.In Canada, 25,000 motor tractorsare owned by farmers in the Provinces of Alberta, Manitoba andSaskatchewan.Tjy) Phonographsfe CcccC and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M. E. PRUITT5MiIIersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.- B':!!isMsiaisiwMiJsimiinnnmSPICES?OPP. COURT HOUSETODAY, PRIDAY"BRIGHT SKIES"WITHZasu PittsA comedy drama of love, bubblingover with cheer.Also Warner Oland and Eileen Percyin "The Third Eye". A serial of baffling mystery, intrigueand romance.And a "Snub" Pollard Comedy"MERELY A MAID"Gregg's Orchestra7 PlayingiMATRIMONIAL.HARNEY TAYLOR.Mr. Jos. H. Taylor and Miss Alberta Harney, both of Cynthiana,came to Paris, Wednesday evening,and were married here. The bride,is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. .'Hai ney, and is one of the loveliestyoung girls of Cynthiana. Mr. Taylor is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. L.Taylor, and is employed at theBrown Gaiage, in Cynthiana. Bothare prominently related in Cynthiana and Harrison county. They returned to Cynthiana, where theywere showered with, congratulationsand good wishes. The weddingcame as a pleasant surprise to mostof their friends.HOPKINS BAKER.Though the bride-elect had butfourteen tender years to her credit,,and the groom-to-be had reachedthe age of twenty, Miss Dora Hopkins and Frank Baker, both of nearShawhan, secured a marriagelicense Tuesday from County ClerkPearce Paton, and were married byCounty Judge George Batter ton inhis private office in the court house.When the -.accommodating Clerkpolitely suggested a possibility ofrefusal, on account of the tooyouthful appearance of the wouldbe bride, she blushingly turned herback and from the depths of somewhere, produced a document signedby her lather, Robert Hopkins, giving the parental consent. Afterseeing the sights'of Paris the newly-wedsreturned to the home of thegroom, near Shawhan.LISLE: SENTER.The marriage of Miss MildredLisle, of near Paris, to Wm. Wendell Senter, of Bristol, Va., and Hazard, Ky., was quietly solemnizedTuesday afternoon at the home ofthe bride's sitter, Mrs. White Varden, on Vine street. Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch, officiated. Only members ofthe immediate family and a few intimate friends of the bride andgroom were present to witness the jceremony.The bride is one of the most attractive and highly Accomplishedyoung women of the county, and isa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. C.Lisle, residing near Paris. The,groom is a successful young business man of Bristol, and has forfor some time been located in business at Hazard, Ky."After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Senter left for a wedding tour topoints of interest in the East, followed by the congratulations andgood wishes of friends and relatives.On their return they will reside inHazard.The only attendant was littleMiss Mildred Varden, in white organdie and pink ribbons, who officiated as flowrer girl. The bride looked charming in white organdie andcarried a bouquet of bride's roses.Among the wedding guests wereMr. and Mrs. Rufus Lisle, W. T.Winn, James F. Winn and MissesElizabeth and Nell Bush, of Winchester. MEADE HORNBACKAs the result of a joy-ride witha party of friends,, during whichthey were bantered with suggestions to get married, Miss ZumaMeade, aged eighteen, and Mr. Milton Hornback. aged twenty, both ofParis, motored to Cynthiana, andweie married.The young people had been sweethearts for some time, but the dateof their marriage had never beenfinally settled upon. A few nightsago while riding with Miss BessieKing and Walter Williams, both ofParis, they made a trip to Cynthiana. On arriying there their companions suggested that the youngcouple be married, but this metwith only a faint approval by MissMeade. Leaving the party ostensibly for the purpose of obtaining refreshments for them, Mr. Williamssoon returned bringing with him amarriage license and Rev. Struve.The ceiemony was pei formed, andthe party returned to Paris. Thenext day the bride and her motherleft for Muncie, Ind., Mrs. Meadenot knowing that her daughter hadbeen married.The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mis. Henry Meade, of SouthMain street, and is a veiy attractiveyoung woman. Mr. Hoinback idan auto machinist, well-known andvery popular among his friends andassociates.. oThe main street of Zion City, 111.,is covered with dep sand to preventautomobile speeders from annoyingTomorrow, SaturdayMADGE KENNEDYin "Dollars and Sense"A delicious comedy with laughtertrembling on the brink of tears. You'lllove every inch of it.alsoMr. and Mrs. Carter DeHavenComedy"WHAT COULD BE SWEETER?"MAKING B00NESB0R0FOE, BATHERS.SAFESpecial guards and danger noticesure to be established at BoonesboroBeach, and every effort is to bemade for the safety of the bathers.Government employes, who havecautioned many visitors about going beyond the danger zone, are prepared to cause arrests, if there isfurther infringment ,upon the propeitj of the government. It is notthat they are not welcome, exceptin the sense that it is very dangerous. Since the advent of hotweather, visitors at the resort havebecome more numerous, and manypicnic paities are camped theredaily.TAX COMMISSIONER'S NOTICE. Wishing to correct a mistakenidea that seems to be currentrelative to the law governinglisting of taxes, we wish tonotify the public that the lawis the same as last year, and itis each one's duty to report inperson, if possible, at our officein basement of Court House.You will kindly note this andcall at your earliest convenience. WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.J. J.REDMON, Deputy.july!3-tfForty thousand motor transportvehicles used on the Western frontduring war-time have been absorbed by industries of Great Britain.5Gre?tt value offering. Beautiful snow white, cool, comfortable and DRESSYOXFORDS and PUMPS in all the leading styles at prices that defy the cost!13uvand take advantage of theMonev - Saving Possibilitiesii .mis economy siore oners you.Just a Few of the Many WonderfulEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES 0 AEZReduced to P9fl "frTBeautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.85.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's $1.50 and $2.00 SlippersOn Sale at $1.00See Bargain Counters 1-J mParis' Greatest ShoeistHenryAfternoonURV IIvsm r3 J'for business inItegrity and professional wisdom is thepublic's protection.Our equipment ismodern and our conduct irreproachable.We are fair at alltimes.mKd jinrnECONTIONNOW GOINGlSTo"vr tt .EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES CO QCReduced to 9l?B9Newest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.$8.00 to $9.00Reduced toBrown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlySpecial Price on Suede PumpsRegula price $14.00, E CkKZnow P9b99Greatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.DAN COHENStoreWhere BeautyMonday, July 26thMAY ALLISONin "The Cheater"The master work of a master dramatArthur Jones. Wherein awoman cheats and pays the penalty mtears.ALSOROSCOE (FATTY) ARBUCKLE. In his latest and best comedy"The Garage"and Pathe Reviewand Eveningreputation? nn? iiniiiONy fyofr -Shoe BargainsGrades$4.95and Economy ReignOMYS we mSALEMktlrtri'T,the town. vmJ:. -r . M ' .- i, -W- 3tk.f r jt' 'Q ' Kiiv s?i.... .. i! w 'rVV Sr ; 'V,C rT"?. rit y - ' $i " y -"1- &Ai"v.$l'J i. ? -" . ' v ,ivV:.. -v.oSE?, V81BS&