4 -h'inn duuibun news. ,TtW3PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.1w ;VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUES6DAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1820W , ,10CAL DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNCOMES TO CLOSEW'ih speaking at several points inthe county, and the address of MajorSamuel M. Wilson, at the courthouse yesterday afternoon, the Democratic campaign in Bourbon countycame to a close. Judge Denis Dundon and Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott addressed the voters of the Shawhanprecinct, at Shawhan, Saturdaynight, Major Wilson spoke to a largoaudience of enthusiastic Depiocrats,men and women, at the court houseyesterday afternoon, and Judge Geo.Batterton and County Attorney D. D.Cline addressed' a large audience atJackstown last night, winding upthe speaking part of the campaign.To-day the battle of ballots is on in.earnest. From six this morning tofour this afternoon the workers, bothmen and women, will be busy forboth parties.The campaign for the election ofihe Democratic National ticket,headed by the distinguished statesmen. Gov. James M. Cox, and Franklin D. Roosevelt, was waged in thiscity and county without display ofred lire, fireworks, brass bards orany other form of noisy dejmonstration. All the Democratic leadershave done excellent work. We closure to ecpecially commend the Democratic County Campaign Chairman,Will G. McClintock and Mrs. Wm.G. Talbott, chairman of the wometworkers, and their able corp ofassistants. T hey were busy day andnight in the work of organizationand education of voters, especiallythe women, to whom the business ofvoting 'jaime as a trial, to some extent. When the vote of Bourboncoumy :s counted to-night the fruitsbe apparent to all. Great enthus1be appreciated to all. Great enthusiasm was aroused among the votersthroughout the county on account ofthe organization built up by themen and women back of this workfor the ticket.THE NEWS took some part in thecampaign. It advocated' the election of the Democratic ticket tromlop to bottom, as it has always done.It did this from principle, and forno other reason. And we feel immensely satisfied with our part in thegreat struggle.The speakers who went out to aadiess the voters always found largecrowds to address, and these crowdswent away from the speakings wellpleased and ready to do battle forDemocratic principles and party success at the opening of the polls thismorning. .The good women of the city andcountv, hundreds of whom will vote1 o-day for the first time, are arousedas never before in any previous election, and it is safe to say that ninetyfive per cent, of the 'women of Bour--hnnrniintv will vote at the electionbooths to-day, ana wxa. iiieir votes institutions. Democrats uj. sum mmwill help to roll up the biggest j county, go to the polls to-day andDemocratic majority Bourbon county stamp your X under the rocster, andever gave. This is the most impor- ?0 home secure in the conpciouatant election since 1860, and thepess of a duty 'well and faithfullyissues are far-reaching in their im- done.M'ii'H M-4'1'"M"M''1''M 'IFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS4t4We Invite You to VisitOurI ReadyDepartmentwhere wefull line ofareLadies and MissesSuits? ReasonablyPriced.The styles of these Suits areattractive and the designsare correct and exclusive.Prices of our Silk Lined Suitsrange from$30.00UPWARD4444h44'44f..4P4P4444P4P44I New Line of Wool Dresses JustKeceivea. yFRANK &LADIES' OUTFITTERSllllllillllMMIIIIIIIIIlHHm"'""""1111"111!MANAGERS OF CAMPAIGNS SEEPARTY VICTORYJohn L. Grayot, Democratic StatoCampaign Manager, said Saturdaynight:"Kentucky on November 2 willgive a majority for Governor Coxand Franklin Roosevelt and Senator BecLham that will not be lessthan 40,000 .nd may go to 60,000."I vant to warn the people otKentucky to be on their guardagainst circulars, letters and affidavits appearing on the eve of theelection, reflecting in any way onthe Democratic candidates, or theirposition on any question."The Republican ticket victoriousby 21,000 in Kentucky is th-3 claimof Chesley H. Searcy, State Campaign Chaiiman, who directed theG. O. P. forces in 1919 also.Mr. Searcy would make no announcement ct districts in which heexpects a victory other than theFifth, Tenth and Eleventh, althoughhe declared that the representationin Congress, which is now four,would be increased."I am convinced now that this isa conseivativft estimate, very conservative," he said Saturday afternoon. DEMOCRATS, DO YOUR DUTY TODAY. Bourbon county Democrats (mustdo their duty to-day at the polls. Thegood women of the city and thecounty will come to the rescue. Tneywill help to roll up a big old-timeDemocratic majority in the county,and forovei still the Republican ciythat the Democratic majority is falling off. Remember, the polls areopen from six a. m. to four p. m.Vote earlyiPAY AND SAVE INTEREST.Payment on the new streetson Pleasant street is now duefrom property owners abutting thereon; and should besettled promptly to avoid accumulating interest.G. K. THOMAS.City Collector.(oct26-tnportance to the State and Nation.The hat tie is good as won, but let novoter stay away from the polls. Takepart in this great contest for thepresentation of our common countryand for the perpetuation oi us ireo'Milium HI 1 I! 1 1 "!'to Wearshowing aVJ's- -GOFINAL APPEAL ON EVE OF ELECTION.This issue of THE NEWS is putta press on Monday night, datedTuesday. November 2. We would berecreant to our duty as a Democrat.false to our conception of the dutyof an honest newspaper if we didnot in tnis issue, on the eve of theelection, urge our Democraticfriends and all our readers, of whatever taith or creed, politically or religiously, to go to the polling placesto-day and vote for the DemocraticState, National and district ticktt.To our minds, America is to-day-facinga crisis. Misrepresentationand abuse of President Woodrow.Wilson, whose health was. brokendown in the service of his countryas much as the health of the soldier.-,on the filing line in France wasbroken by the hardships they suffered, have featured the Republicancampaign. The man ' to whom allpaid homage less than two years agoas the leadei of the Allied, hosts,which has crushed the menace ofworld autocracy, has, in the eyes ofthe Republicans, suddenly becomein himself a threat tc the liberly ofthe world. Of course they do notfeel the way they say they do aboutPresident Wilson. Of course theyhaven't any fear that American soldiers would ever be sent to Europeunder Article X, or any other provision of the League of Nations. Allthat is balderdash for campaign purposes alone. It is to prevent thepeople regaining control of the United States Senate, which PresidentWilson warned them tvo years agonot 1o turn over ro the reactionaryRepublican machine.The Republ:cans ask us if we want"our boys" sent over to Europe, tofight in a foreign war, in warningas against Ariicle X. They seem tohave forgotten that our soldiers weresent to Europe, and were in Europeless than two years ago, and are inEurope right now, for th&t matter,without any League of Nations figuring in it. That has been about theonly issue presented, or, rather, mislepresented, by the Republicans inthis campaign.There are o.thers the voters shouldnot lose sight of. The laborer, skilled and unskilled, might rtop to compare his wages now with the wagesin 1912, when a Republican administration as in power. The farmermight well stop to consider theprices he is receiving now for, hisproducts and what he wa paid forthem eight years ago, before Woodrow Wi'son was elected President.American business might well stopto consider whether it wants t.plunge this country into anotherperiod cf uncertainty due to Republican plans foi revision of the tariffand the placing of that question backin partisan politics fropr. which theDemocrats removed it. And everycitizen, whatever his trade, profession or occupation, might well stopto consider if he wants America tobe put in the position where she refuses tc "keep faith with those wnodied on Flanders field."Not only the honor of America, butber prosperity and her future standing among the nations of the earthhang upon the decision of her people at the polls to-day. And theDemocrats of Bourbon county shoulddecide wisely their part in the general result. It is up to them. Everyvote must be brought put and polledto-day. And to James M. Cox andFranklin D. Roosevelt may the victory be awarded!oY. M. C. A. NOTESThe "Reds," captained by HomerStone, won the athletic contests inthe Y. M. C. A. boys gymnasiumclass, and were tendered an icecream "feed" at the gym Saturday.The contest lasted for six weeks,and included relay races and games.The "Blues," captained by KeyMarkland, did the serving. Newteapis were organized Saturday, andwill compete in athletic events atclass time until December 23, whenthe winners will be announced. Theteams are as follows:pods Rov Markland, Wm.O'Neill, Harvey Hill, John King,Harry Lancaster Robert Cahal,Norwood Cook, Homer Wilson. Chas.Cook, James Herrington, Sim Levy.A.-J. Hornback, Sam Margolen, LeeMaher, Julian Howe, Edgar Herrington, William Marshall, Tim Harney,George Brat ton.Blues Momer Stone, Edward Hibler, Walter Collins, Prentice Burton,John F. Young, Jajmes Edwin Hill.Allen Bowling, Alvin Bratton, DukePayne. William Amyx, Eugene Conner, Walter Hedges, William MartinMann, Elsey Tucker, Jake Eades.Thomas Hubbard, Arthur Hancock.Rohert Blackweli, Alfred Slicer andElton Tucker.0PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last diy To pay yourgas and electiic hill and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do1not put it off it saves us troubleand saves vou money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.2-3t)oCHANGE IN MAIL SCHEDULE ATPARIS POSTOFFICEOn account of the change in the-schedule time of northbound L. & N.train No. S2, effective yesterday, thenight collection of mail on Mam'street, formerly made at 7:00 p. m.,will be made hereafter at 6:30 p. jn.,o this mail may be dispatched ontrain No. 33, instead of train No34.i'cxl muuiiiig. -. , . t tJ. WALTER PAYNES P. M.A PROTEST PROM THE CITIZENSOF MULERSBURGWe, the citizens of Millersburg,wish to enter our protest against theunkind and damaging misrepresentations which have been recently circulated against our fellowtownsman,Mr. Albert Moffett, in regard to thelocal school situation. Millersburg'sgreatest asset is her schools. Mr.Moffett, a business man of unusualclearness of vision and integrity ofcharacter, realizing this, has workedwith untiring energy to uphold ourschools. He has been interested notonly in the welfare of the privateschools, which have been in the community for over fifty years, but hehas also supported every move forthe betterment of the public schools.Mr. Moffett is emphatically not opposed to any school or schools but onthe contrary stands ready to aid inthe upbuilding and increase the efficiency of all the schools of thetown. Mr. Moffett is one of ourmost public spirited citizens who willcontinue to give unsparingly of histime, thought and energy to furtherthe cause of education, of all theschools through out the county.JAS. T. JEFFERSON,JNO. H. MARR,W. A. BOOTH,M. D. HURST,SANFORD ALLEN,G. S. ALLEN,J. 0. RALLS,W. D. WADELL,O. W. INGELS,D. P. JONES,C. W. CORRINGTON,A. C. BALL,'. S. C. CARPENTER,O. M. JOHNSON,' J. C. LEER,CHAS. B. LAYSON,CHAS.- C. CHANSLOR,J: A. BUTLER,E. M. THOMASON,LETTON VIMONT,A. J. THAXTON,W. D. McINTYRE,TOM THORN,GEO. E. REYNOLDS,J. R; GRIMES,A. S.'BEST,F. A. HERBERT,J. H. STEWART,T. W. CURRENT,R. L. TARR,W. R. CLEAVER,JOHN R. FISHER,J. P. REDMON,JOHN F. McDANIEL,J. M. LEER,RICHARD McDANIEL,A. S. MILLER,1 RUFUS BUTLER,ROY ENDICOTT,J. E. HUNTER,CARLTON BALL,J. H. CARPENTER,H. M. PURDY,THOS. P. WADELL,O. R. RANKIN,J. E. CALDWELL,GEO STOKER,J. T. TOADVINE,NAT COLLIER,JOHN PURDY,CHARLES MARTIN,JAMES CLEAVER,JAMES MILLER,JESSE TURNEY,JACK TURNEY,AMOS TURNEY,FRANK CALDWELL. .LOWER CLOTHING PRICES.The lower clothing prices youhave been waiting for are herenow. You don't have to waitany longer. At the start of thewar when prices were, rising,Price & Co. was one of the verylast stores to advance thecharge to the customer. Nowthat the market is turning theother way, we ars the first toreduce our entire stock to thenew level of the future. In anticipation of lower wholesalecosts, our prices have beensharply reduced for this specialsale.Suits, Overcoats, Raincoats.$80, $75 and $70 Garments,now $57.50.$65, SCO and $55 Garments,now $47.50.20 per cent. Reduction onBoys' Knee Pants.All latest Fall and Winter,sty ks, fabrics, patterns and colors, in sizes for men and youngmen. Special models for tali;short, stout and slender menall at the sale prices.We make these sweeping reductions now, rather than comedown gradually at the expenseof those wroare in need off garments now.PRICE & CO.Next First National Bank Bldg.ELECTION EETURNS AT COURTHOUSE TO-NIGHTReturns from the Presidentialelection held to-day will be receivedt't the court house to-nfght. The returns will be in he shape of Associated Press bulletins, transpnitted overa leased wire, and received by an expert Western Union operator. Specialaccommodations will be arranged forthe comfort of ladies who may at-tend. The returns will be as completef.s possible, and will be read from therostrum in the Circuit Court roorn',?s '.fast as, received.- Admiseioii fifty7cents. t'T i-TELEGRAM io CHAIRMAN THOMASON FROM REPUBLICANSTATE CHAIRMANW. A a Thomason. Chairman of theRepublican County Committee, Paris,Ky., has received the following telegram: Louisville, Ky., Oct. 28, 1920.W. A. Thomason, Paris, Ky.The culmination of the D&mocraticcampaign falsehood and anneal trprejudice has come in the circulationof outrageous misrepresentation ofWarren G. Harding. ' Senator Harding's life, private and' public, hasbeen under the closest scrutiny ofthe people of his home State since h:ibirth. They know him and all hi5connection. He is beloved and tvbpected by his neighbors. The people of his home State, home town.have twice elected him to the Legislature, rne people of Ohio electedhim their Lieutenant Governor andhe was chosen to represent his homeState in the United States Senate bymore than 700,000 majority. Underthe searching scrutiny of the publicduring this long career he has thusemerged an honored and beloved citizen. The base appears which are being brought out at this last hour ofihe Democratic campaign of misrepresentation are denounced by the Republican State Committee as common falsehoods. Persons guilty ofcirculating these libelous statementsare as responsible under the law asthose who originated them and theRepublican State Comfmittee- desiresinformation that will lead to prosecution. CHARLES H. SEARCY.Chairman State Campaign Commitmittee. (adv)READJUSTMENT SALE OFOUR ENTIRE STOCK OFMEN'S AND WOMEN'SFALL SHOESTo meet the public demandfor cheaper shoes we have decided to make big reductionsin our Fall and Winter Shoesfor Men and Women.Inthepist few weeks therehas been a drop in the leathermarket, and, while our stockwas bought at prevailing highprices we are willing to sacrificeour profits to give you cheapershoes.You cheerfully paid the pricewhile they were going up andwe think you are entitled toany reductions that may occur.ine smaii margin of profitwe are asking Will not allow USto make anv chrc CA h!e...?. cnarges, SO thisSale Will be for CASH ONLY.HARRY LINVILLE.(onv2-2t)WE KNOW HOWOwing to the Late Season and theTight Money Market we find that weare overstocked with Men's andBoys" Clothing and have decided togive our customers aIN MEN'S AND BOYSSUITSAll $85.00 and $80.00 Suits$65.00All $75.00, $70 and $65.00 Suits . .$59.50Men's Corduroy Pants, $8.00 Quality$5.00Boys' Suits, $5.00 to $20.00. We don't want tooverlook the ladies, so we have place on sale $4.50Silk Hose at $3.50, and $3.50 Hose at $2.50.Black, cordovan and white colors.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TQ MENFORMER PARISIANS MAKE BADPOIICE RECORD. ' vParis people will recall with varying degrees of emotions, the timwhen Jimmie Ward and his family'were residents of this city. Troublbegan early in the lives of the Wardboy:J, who were always havimy"something doing." It was a coWday in August when the Paris poliowere not .called to settle with "Jimmie Ward's boys." Their mischeTious activities knew no bounds, aniI hey respected neither persons orproperty. A recent isssue of the Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune gives areview oi later-day events in the history of the Ward boys after they leftParis and settled in Covington. Th 'Tribune says;"When the cell door was locked behind Mike Ward, 33 years old, whoshot and killed Thos Mahoney, 60years old, Irontim, O., in Jos Jensen's saloon. Pike and Russellstreets, Covington, on Wednesday1night, Covington" police said they believed they had succeeded in rounding up the last of the Wards, a family of fi brothers, whose deeds havebeen recorded on police registers inall the large cities of Kentucky during the last twenty years."The five brothers were known todetectives and the underworld ofNorthern Kentucky cities as the'Kentucky Jaimes Boys.' Alike, theprisoner, and his brother,. Owen, whowas killed in an attempted robberyin Kanssp several years ago, were regarded as the most desperate of thequintet."Ward, 33 years old, was born inParis, Ky., and came to Covingtonwith his parents when a small boy.I Other brothers, John, Owen, Jamesand Edvvard, also at an early age,drew the attention of the police."About five years ago a former patrolman, Marty O'Herron. who was nprivate watchman in the residentialdistrict of Wallace avenue. Covington, was shot and killed. Later theKenton county grand jury returnedan indictment against Jchn andOwen Ward, charging them with, themurder of O'Herron."Both men suddenly disappearedfrqm their haunts in Covington. Twoyears later Owen Ward was killed bythe Kansas City police while staginga restaurant holdup in That city.The police have lost track of JohmWard. The other two brothers, Edward and James, disappeared a number of years J. go, and the police believe they arc dead."VOTE EARLY TO DAY.vtp p.irlv as nossible to-day.' Thepons win be crowded, owing u. tuelarge number of women oters, to. .Tvhom the process will be nev., ana1h inff late may not be able to, let in Vote as early as you can.The pressure of work on the clerk .in the booths will be great.RUTHBLAKEMOREkinTNNl - '.v.Wi. i:rV'.3V3.s-vXv - ".' - I'J!T.1 '"- 'f' - -,1V'"--'PAGEWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTOTCDAY, NOVEMBER 2 l2t.-eI ifXI 's0-J1 BOURBON NEWSateiilished 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationPrtSahcd Every Tuesday and Priday& Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWEPT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(.Xitcred at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)01E EOEEIGN EEPEESENTATIVES. 5ew York American Press Assosittiszi. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Aflamta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Xrdisville Stark-Lowman Co.Any erroneous reflection upon the2krcter, standing or reputation .ofy person, firm or corporationwidcii may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlytfsxTScted if brought to attention of!t& editor.ADVERTISING RATESDiajlay Advertisements, $1.00 perisea for first time; 50 cents per Inchfech subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices, 10 cents per line9& Issue; reading notices in blackSfpfi, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candlas, obituaries and resolutions, andjfcaiftir matter, 10- cents per line.Special rates for large advertisexasssla and yearly contracts.Tha right of publisher is reseived$a decline any advertisement or othersajtlter for publication.Announcements for political offices4 rest invariably be accompanied by" i cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor Prwltat,Jamas M. Cox, of Ohio.'l"or Tie Pmldtnt,jtpyXrcntlin D. Roosevelt, New York., Fjor United States SenatorL C. W. Beckham.Tut Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.WHITE WOMEN WILL MOST CEKTAINLY VOTEIt has been predicted by some thatmany of cur best women will notTote because they shrink from the oriieal of appearing at the polls wherereio men and women are exercisingike s&jme privilege. That predictionwin not come true because the bestvomen will -not shrink from anydtafy for fear of being subjected to' aome unpleasantness.The sensible, thinking women of3arfs know that now having theright of suffrage they must walk to. ifce polls with their white men ana--role to preserve their-homes as wellfes our own public institutions. Theyrealize that every negro woman willfce'at the pplls and will vote the Re-jrublican ticket because they have"fceen led to believe that in so doingihey are voting to abolish the "JimCrow" and other laws to which theolored people object, also to pro-note social equality, and to maintainpaixed schools.Some will say that their hopes arevain, that such a thing could nothappen in Kentucky Those whotfeink social equality with the negroimpossible only have to go noith ofthe Mason and Dixon line to find thatit has happened. Why, only a-day ortwo ago, rumors came to the manager of the University of Kentuckyfootball team that a negio was one ofthe players on the team of theSlfami, Ohio, University, with whomkey Lad a game scheduled- Inquiiyieseloped the rumpr as a fact. TheKentucky team cancelled the date unless the negro was repnoved. Theegro remained and Kentucky wiilmet play. In many places in the'South large placards are placed atmpicuous intervals through the4Ung towns, bearing the words:"Columbus discovered America in1492; Keep America wnue; n Belongs 'to you." .ofTATE GUABD TO BE RE0RGAN-N.' IZED.Under the plan for reorganizationi the National Guard, which the'War Denartjment proposes to begint nnri under the national defense-act-, Kentucky has been given an allotment of 2,600 men for the firstyear, with an equal number addedfor each subsequent year until thetetal reaches 10,400 in four years.oThp Shah of Persia possesses per-iImps the most' -- - v . t. . . -1.valuable pipe in -theworWIIS is act wiHjubles and aia-EDITORIAL PHNS OF THIS,THAT 'EN 'T0THERSix moi.ths. ago the consumers werestanding in line to get sugar. Nowthe sugar speculators are standing inline at the banks to borrow money.'The campaign is nip and tuck, witha nipping frost, due for some candidates that could be named, and manypolitical workers tucking the goodssafely away in their inside pockets.The tired Paris business1 man isgoing to be a physical wreck betweennow and the second of November before he gets the political situation explained satisfactorily to the new voters in his family. -The women are going to be highlvindignant when they hear that the$750,0000,000 snent for mnn nsticks, etc., is classed as money spentlor luxuries. Every woman knowsthose things are absolute necessities.This is thr time of year whenwarnings appear urging those who gohunting to be careful not to shootunless they are suie their target iswhat they think it to be. Needlessto suggest that the advice does notapply to politicians.Paris woman wants to know whatSenator Harding is going to do afterNovember 2. Well, we surmise thatin the 'interval of getting back intothe good graces of the people of Ohio,he will produce a guide-book entitled"How Not To Get There."In the stress and stiain of politicalturmoil Ave have omitted to noticeeditorially that once again Man oWar has proved himself a prettygood piece of 'horseflesh. But notuntil he has raced in Kentucky fcrslakes, the winning of which wouldovertop the total of Isinglass, can wosalule him Its the greatest horseever.Considering the difficulty he hasof getting anything- under prohibition the average Paris man can't understand all ibis talk about the difficulty of enforcing the dry laws. Andthen again, considering tlje largeamount of red liquor and moonshinesaid to be in circulation, he can'tjust exactly understand why tbecountry should be considered "dry."A Paris physician told one of hispatients the other day that getting ashoe shne is a good tonic for fatigue. It-has its advantages overthe barber's chair because the bootblack's stock of trade has its limitations. And some Paris people weknow are &o lazy they would geemore fatigue than tonic ,if they hadto shine their own shoes.The things that can't be printed:The rumors that can't be tracedhome! The whispered insinuationsfor which men hold a oupped ear!The sinister slijminess, some of whichit is hoped will stick isn't it timethat these disgraceful tactics weredenounced and discountenancedwherever they may be found? Andthat goes broadly for whom it mayconcern.,The farmers are beginning to get abit sore, and well they may. Theythreaten to yget into politics, and wehope they will. They find, or example, that though their products dropsensationally, ,ihe retail market ishardly affected at all. They lose andthe consumer doesn't win. .May wesuggest that perhaps there is one factor in the calculation that never goesdown? . And that's the middle man.To the lever of nature, or at leastto that lover of nature who has madethe trip recently, "beautiful Stoner'never looked lovelier than at present,with its bordering fringe of autumnleafed trees. Many a larger townwould -be "simply crazy" over sobeautiful a stream. Really, as oneParis man has said, the jpeople ofParis do not half appreciate thebeauties of nature right in theirmidst. .,Certainly some vey enthusiasticyoung Democrats on Scotc avenueand Vine street. The lawns in frontof a number of hojmes on thosestreets were decorated early Tuesdaymorning with cardboard signs, onwhich were traced in childish schoolboy, hands, the legend: "Vote ForCox," and "Cox is The Man For President." Showing their patriotisr.and loyalty to Democratic principlesearly in life, eh?Paris can boast of having one ofthe most enthusiastic and loyalmovie fans in the country. A certainParis woman, one of the best in theworld, was'taken suddenly sick Sunday night, after partaking of a substantial meal. A physician diagnosed her case as acute indigestion. After being relieved, the good womanturned to her son, and remarked:"Well, if it had to happen, I'm gladit was to-night instead of Mondaynight." Being sked what differencethat pnade, she said: "Well, if it hadbeen Monday I could nt have attended the picture show, and somebodywould have been in my seat.", 0 !Jack in Garden.Jaclc-ln-the-pulplt, by nature a boglover, is by no means as fastidious asthe roost of Its clan, tnd a moist,"slightly shaded spot in one corner ofthe yard will amply supply its demands, says the American Forestry association ot Washington. This plantIs a neat relative of thp cultivatedcall a, with purple and white or greenand tvtoite striped blossoms usuallycalled flowers. The leal flowers,though, are deep in the center of thisI .howy dregsrat the base af thr; centralepadlx. and. may be wither .feitile" ort-timuc i - a,i ..niirVSCRAWLED BY :GREAT POET?Signature of William Shakespeare, Believed Genuine, Found on Wall' in Hampton Court.The discovery of the signature ofWilliam Shakespeare, scrawled yearsago on the wall of the "haunted gallery" of Hampton court, has just beenmade in London. Shakespeare authorities pronounce it authentic.The disclosure was macje whenErnest Law, the court antiquarian, wasdirecting the renovations. On the wallof the old retiring room he found, after cleaning it, the letter "S," followedby illegible letters, concluding kespeare," and beneath the rough sketchof a hand and the date 1G06.It is a matter of history that theShakespeare company visited the palace at the date set down and played"Hamlet" before the then King Christian, of Denmark. The company dressed in the "haunted gallery," near thegreat hall where the play was enacted.The gallery, according to ancienttradition is haunted by the ghost ofCatherine Howard, one of Henry VIH'ssix wives, who was Imprisbned there..History tells that she escaped fromconfinement while the king was praying in his private chapel, and that herflight was discovered by the courtguards, who dragged her screaming tothe king, interrupting his devotions.It was long said that Catherine nightwalked the gallery, shrieking. Toronto Globe.RELY ABSOLUTELY ON NILEWithout the River's Annual InundationEgypt Would Be Literally aBarren Waste.Usually on June 15 the Inundationof the Nile commences, the greatestheight being at the autumnal equinox,after which the waters subside untilthe following April. The great advantages which Egypt derives from theannual rise of the river and saving oftho country from barrenness", hascaused the Nile to be known by theinhabitants as the most holy river,they believing that it draws its sourcefrom "Paradise. rIn former days It had its appointedpriests, festivals and sacrifices, and ifits rising were delayed by a single daythey took the most beautiful maidenthey could, find and dressing her richly, drowned her in the waters as a victim to turn away the god's anger andmerit his favors. The caliphs abolishedthis cruel sacrifice. Substituting oneless barbarous, they threw into the river a letter in which it was commandedthat the waters rise if it were the willof God.It has been stated that tbe quality ofthe Nile water Is such that it is highlyextolled for drinking purposes and nomatter how long kept it does not become impure.First Steamboat in West.The first steamboat on the westernwaters was the Orleans, built In 1811nt Pittsburgh by Robert Fulton, under the firm name of Fulton & Livingston, his partner being Chancellor R.Livingston of New York. It arrived at Louisville, Ky., In October,destined for New Orleans, but the river being too low for its passage overthe falls, it plied between Louisvilleand Cincinnati until early In December, when it descended tbe river andentering the Mississippi encounteredat 'New Madrid, Mo., the earthquakeof December 11, which formed Reelfoot lake in Tennessee, and the lakesin Arkansas, opposite and above Memphis, which remain now. The boatwas repaired and reached New Orleans December 20. It remainedSour! nlvinir between New Orleansand Natchez until July, 1814, when it j Iwas wrecked and sunk.Blessing the Alpine Ropes.Every summer, at the beginning ofthe climbing season in the Svis mountains a solemn service is held amongthe iruides. many of whom are godlymen who know they take their livesIn 1hcir hands when they ascend theAlps. So they bring their ropes withthem and lay ihem at the foot of oneof the mountains. Old and new ropesare piled in a heap, and then they areblessed by the pastor. Prayer is offered ihat the old ropes may still hearthe strain safely and that the newropes may prove equal to all the stress j ache, from acidity, just eat. a tablet,placed upon them. The guides are ; of Pape's Diapepsin and the stomach.'omtnonded io the mercy of God that distress is gone.in their daily ascents thev mav he kept I The 2ost is so little." The benefitssafe and that they may succor the!s?Sreat. You, toorwill be a Diapep-travelers who trust in them. V. h.,su1 eilulUi5,Uhl auaw4,Uft-Cheley in "Stories for Talks to Boys.'jEgypt Raised Cotton in 200 B. C.i mm ii.-in iicHH pntwn in ftgypi nut near the oldest gold miues In.Siwp-200 IS. r., but it was not until the country, was originally constructa hundred years ago that .Tumelv a l tf 0f adobes made of the refuse ofFrench engineer, suggested the intro- tnese mines As tlie e..,v j)rocessesduet ion of the commercial varieties ' ' of extraction were ver imperfect, theIn 1822. the famous American sea i- J wals aml floors of lhcWf. llUiui!ngsland cotton was the tirst sown. Five were thus full of o!d. Thing wouldyears later a Brazilian variety wa have continued Thus for an indeflniteintroduced. The two strains were hlin- tJmef and a inhabit :ftil would havegled and from them came the famous been llvlng yet ,n mS. valuable"Anrnounr plant ano uie srni nner"Mutafn," which is one of the mostproductive cottons in the world.Whisky Called "Water of Life."The art of distilling liquors is firstmentioned by Albukassen, an Arabianphysician who lived in the tenth' cen-,ttry. Whisky . "a potable splvit dis-tled from cereal grams probablyoriginated in Ireland, and its Celticname was uisgebetha (water of life)afterward contracted to usquebaughand 4hen to whisky. It was known asusquebaugh - in ihe seventeenth 'amieighteenth centuries .both in IrelarfuBAPTISTS NOT FOR HARDINGThe Louisville Baptist Minister?"Association in a meeting held recently, took decisive actjon to refute thereport that had Veen circulated tothe effect that although the majority of Baptist ministers are for theLeague of Nalions, tliey propose tovote for Harding because he is aBaptist.The conference ":poiiited a committee composed of its President, D:.A. Paul Bagby, its Secretary, theReverend G. D. Billeisen and Dr. W.O. Carver, to take effective steps tysilence this rumor. The committeeadopted 1he following resolutions:"Baptists are -opposed to the union of Church and State and are consequently very averse to any confusion of official duties in religion andpolitics."The Ministers' 'Conference has inno way violated these convictionsand principles in the present campaign. The statement is wholly incorrect, wholly unfounded, and doesan injury to the Baptist cause."The Baptist Ministers' Conference has passed no resolutions committing them for or against theLeague of Nations, now a bone ofcontention; nor any resolution inany way touching upon their" dutyto vote for oi against either of theleading candidates for the presidency. "In such matters we would scornto try to coerce any member of ourConference. Every man among us iswholly free as to his own action an'das to what part he shall take as acitizen in the campaign."A business man's wife could notsew or read without sharp pains inher eyes. For years her eyes werered and weak. Finally she tried simple witchazel, camphor, hydrastis,etc., as med in Lavoptik eye wash.The result produced by a single bottle amazed everyone. We guaranteea small bottle Lavoptik to helpANY CASE weak, strained or inflamed eyes Aluminum eye cup FREE.Brooks & Snapp Drug Co. (adv)DELEGATES TO -THE NATIONALGovernor Edwin P. Morrow ha3 anpointed two hundred and fifty delegates to represent Kentucky at thefortieth annual session of the National Farmers' Congress, whichmeets, in Columbus, Ohio, November16 to 19. Bourbon county will berepresented by Henry S. Caywood,John T. Collir.s and Luther Rice, allimembors of the Bourbon CouniyFarm Bureau.Trail Pointer.You can't makeyour face. Perhaps,If you could, you would make it different; perhaps not. But you canmake your voice. You can make Itgentle or harsh, you can make -it pleasant or quarrelsome, you can make Itcommon or refined, you can make Itappealing or repelling. Many a jobbas beea refused because of an un-.pleasant voice, many a friendship rebuffed because of tones that grateharshly on the ear. A "common" voiceslams tight shut the dour nf many social and buiiu'ss opportunities. Indianapolis Star.o ...iSTOMACH 0. K.Indigestion, Acidity, Sournessand Gases ended withPape's Diapepsin...C"t""""'""-'t-Millions of people know that it isneedless to be bothered Vith indigestion, dyspepsia or a disordered stomach. A few tablets of Pape's Diapepsin neutralize acidity and give nHeP at once.When your meals don't fit and youfeel uncomfori'able, when vou belcl:gases, acids or raise sour, undigestedfood. When you feel lump.! of indi-irestion nain. heartburn or head-(adv)Gold In Adobe Walls.The Mexican city of Guanajuato,buildings.s, if the passu ge of a railway line nearby had not made necessary the demolition of about 100houses. ; joChildlth Reasoning.Elizabeth's mother died ;tbree yearsago. Recently her father also passedtne edest Qf mte ghewas laced ln a irls school wneMfae wag tellln tne sIster of her-mW.fortune 4iGofl h , WMR,sfpl.,s nK. .,, rrn wlllLlz2je exclaimed r "Maybe he did. butx thnkwe kWa ne.de(fthera ?WOMAN'S CASEAMAZES PARISPeculiar" Fish.Very common in the mud flats at themouth of rivers in tropical Africa,Asia and northwest Australia are themud-skippers, or jumping gobies,which leap about quickly, using theirtails and the strong base of their forfins as ."i sort of double-hopping Instrument. Sometimes they rest on astone with their tails In tire water;,as they are able to breathe by theirtail fin as well as by their gills ! Sometimes they sit perched high and dryon the roois of the mangrove trees,coking rouno1 and round with theistrangely protruded, mobile "eyes,which are close together on the topof tbe head.Garage For SaleIn order to dissolve partnershipAve offer privately the Citizens Garage, located Main and Secondstreets. Garage equipment withtires, tubes and accessories.Possession given November 1,1920.(ocfjE-tf Rowland & Buchanan.CITIZENS GARAGE,WantedStraight Salary $35.00 per weekand expenses to man or woman withrig to introduce Eureka Egg Producer. Eureka Mfg. Co., East St.Louis, 111.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug' Thomad, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your -support ami influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullySolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin,vof Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct, N6 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theactidn of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon jCounty, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Woodworking PlantFor SaleThis modern woodworking plant, located in one'of the bestcities in tbe Blue Grass, is offered for immediate sale at a low figure. It is one of Central Kentucky's best known enterprises and isnow in active and profitable operation, Large, well-equipped factqry, all necessary sheds, outbuildings, etc. Private railroadswitch. If in search of a real money-mak'ng investment, writewithout delay, toPOST OFFICE BOX382LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES EXTENSION, EFFECTIVE,NOVEMBER 1st, OF"HM SOIJTHlANB"Through to Jacksonville, FloridaA high grade steel train of Coached and ThroughSleeping Cars.Leayes Paris 10:55 a. m) 'Unexcelled dining cars service. ," . .'"Ifor detailed information, etc., apply to Local TicketAgentrL, & N. K. R. , J - (23t)For SaleFord Sedan, with wire wheels.In good condition. A bargain at$600.RDGGLES MOTOR CO.(26-tf)Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and terma.Write or call for this big list. Makeyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot)Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Home.lhone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO..(24-tf) 710 Main Street.WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GESTIERAL MACHINE WORK.! UIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.I Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)HMM WW ENew FirmWe have formed a pcrtnershipunder tbe firm name of Paynter &Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blacksmithing, woodworking and horseshoeing business(at the old Curtis stand, in Easti Paris. We know our businessthoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best workmanship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STROTHER PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.(octl,tf)NOTH I N G BUTINSURANCEFIRETORNADOAUTOMOBILEWORKMENCONPENSATIONAND BONDINGA. J. PEEOctlSStTrees! Trees!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerrennials"" RhubarbRosesHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catalog.No Agents.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.(oct22-6t)'LEXINGTON, KY.S'.-...aad, Scotland.H a m, -liv --vC"4 ,ssiareiVi ftiliirlffitf flKZJsCtJfr..mjJiL&&J&.rH.Kt1-.vW":- '.- A.4V i.5 ..'v"iTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1920.- 3-",VTHEBOUKBOKNIWS, PARIS,jantrucsnr: .iXjCiI77tatilV-k25FORColds, CoughsCASCARAOMV7Neglected Colds are DangerousTake ho chances. Keep this standard remedy handy for the first sneeze.Breaks up a cold in 24 hours RelievesGrippe in 3 daysExcellent for HeadacheQuinine in this form does not affect the head Cascara is best TonicLaxative No Opiate in Hill's.ALL DRUGGISTS SELL ITINDIVIDUAL CHRISTMAS ANDk HOLIDAY GREETING CARDSWe are sending off orders everyday for engraving1. All orders shouldbe placed ihis month.Our display is the latgest andchoicest line of two of the best engravers in the country.The individuality of our line makesit the best. See our window display.Stop, look and hasten in.THE BOURBON NEWS ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT. .CHIROPODIST-FootSpecialistAll Troubles of theRemoved Withoutthe KnifeEVERYTUESDAYANDFRIDAYOfficeWINDSOR HOTELParis, Ky.Southern Optical Co.IncorporatedFauFECT-FrrnNGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKiTPteks Artificial EyeImU Bifocal Lwi!t Cwif 4tk sad CkLOUISVILLE. KY.,i tin num mnMUH'i ELLIS' CASHGROCERYSpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose of a lot ofthese goods.Pickling Vinegarand Spicesat bargains this week.Ellis' Cash Grocery !Opposite Court HoimcMeerColrfWiAp.QUININEANDLa GrippeDIDN'T WANT ANY UNWELCOMEBED MATES vJ. T. Donovan, claim agent of theSouthern Railroad, was amused pythis incident in a Kentucky hotel recently:It was shortly after midnisjhiwhen a guest appeared in the lobbyin his pajamas and proceeded to"bawl" the clerk."I had no more than got to sleepwhen about 20"0 pesky bedbugs tookpossession of the bed," the guestwailed."I ordered the best room in thehouse and expect to pay for it. Doyou call that kind of a room the bestyou've got""Yes, sir; you asked for the bestloom, aid you've got it," the clerkreplied. "Why, Warren G. Hardingslept in that room only a few daysago." ""That's all light about Warren G.Harding," the irate guest retorted,"but I don't want to sleep with thewhole Republican party!"oRELIEVED AT ONCE"Pape's Cold Compaimd" BreaksThem Up In a FewHoursDon't stay stuffed-up! A dese of"Pape's Cold Compound" taken everytwo hours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The very first dose opens your clog-ged-upnostrils and the air passagesof the head; stops nose running; lelieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, soreness and stiffress. '"Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, contains no quinine. Insistupon Pape's. (adv)oSOME WEATHER CHANGESEast and West, North and Southweather prophets are one and thesame. What they don't know aboutthe weather cannot be sven guessed.it. ThefaC wise birds predicted nicewarm weather tor the closing day.-;of October, and just see what theleal weather man turned in on themachine.Following a very warm and dryperiod extending through nearly thewhole month, rain fell Tuesdaynight, accompanied by high winds.The temperature took a sudden drop,sending the mercury down in tliotube close to the freezing point.Overcoats and wraps, gas and coalfires were ery comfortable yesterday. ARE YOU GOING TO MARRY?We have rhe most exclusive linof samples of wedding invitations,announcements and iadividualChristmas cards now on display mthe State. Let us sell you nowv.hile you have time to get thembefore the holiday rush of work be-THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. , (tf)oIParis Citizens Should Read and HeedThis Advice. 'Kidney 1 rouble is aang-erous andoften fatal.Don't expeiiment with somethingnevvand untried. 'Use a tested kidney remedy.Begin with Doan's Kidney Pills.Used in kidney troubles 50 years.Recommended here and every-wiiereA Paris citizen's statement foimsconvincing proof.It's local testimony it can be in-estimated.Mrs. Chas. McCord, South Pleasant street, sajs: "I have sed Doar. aKidney PPls at different times, get-tln-thm from Oberdorfer's drusstore and I have found them a splendid kidney, medicine. Whenever nvNASTY LBE MISLEDkidneys have acted irreguiany or uyback has been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attack." 'Price 60c, at ali dealers. Don'tdimply ask for a kidney remedy--getDoan's Kidney PilbV"AS?,iMrs. McCord hud. Foster-MilburnS: Mfn;, Buffalo, N. Y- t)Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.KMrs T.' S. Smiley is visiting herparents, in Ravenswood, West Va.Mrs. Lizzie Walker is visitingfriends and relatives in Louisville. xDr. J. M. Williams has returnedfrom a professional trip to Louisville.Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry wererecent visitors to friends and relatives in Georgetown.Mr3. Macie White Fithian is convalescing from a recent severe attack of rheumatism.Miss Leora Alliband has returned from a visit to Miss Thelir.a McClintock, in Richmond.Fred M. Fibter left Friday for aiextended business tour through theoil and mineral districts.Mr. and Mrs. Lou Taylor havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Ezekiel Arnold, in Newport.Mrs. William B. Ardery entertained about seventy guests at bridgeFriday afternoon at her home nearParis.Mrs. Walter Clark and Mrs. Wro.W. 'Hinton attended the Gypsy Smithreligious revival held in Louisvillelasts w eek. ,Mise Kate Edgar, who has beenseriously ill for several weeks, at thehome of Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant,is convak-scing.- jin John W. Duvall and ,son,John DuvnU, Jr., have returned froma visl to Mr. and Mrs. W. HoffmanWood, in Mt. Sterling.James W. Ferguson has returned tc his hopnc in Galion, Alabama,after a visit to relatives and friendsin this city and county.Mrs. Walter Harrison has returned to her home in Lebanon, after a visit to her daughter, Mrs. Walter Martin, and Mr. Martin, in thisp.itv.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Burden ardMr. and Mis. G. T. Wagoner have returned from a visit of several days toMr. and Mrs. Fithian Hall, in Blanche ster, Ohio.Miss Louise Connell, daughter ofMr. ana Mrs John J. Connell, ofParis, was honored, recently by beingselected as vice-president of her classat Kentucky University, where she isa student.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Sinclair,Miss Penrl Sinclair and Robert Sinclair, of Georgetown, Mr. and Mis.Alex Graves and Miss MargaretWright, of Stamping Ground, havereturned to their homes after a xisitto Mr. and Mrs. Lon Graves, ne-.rParis. vMr. and Mrs. Lonnie Graves entertained with a Hallowe'en dancer.t their home near Paris, in honor ktheir nieces.-Miss Estelle OT-amon,of GeoigetoNn, and Mrs. ClaudeTharpe, of Payne's Depot, Scottcounty. Music for the occasion wpsfurnished by a Lexington orchestra.About S3venty-five guests partook oithe pleas-uies of the evening(Other Personals on Fae 5)o-KEKTUCKIAN PLACED ONRETIRED LIST.THEAnderson C. Qui?enbeiry. formerlyof Alt' Sterling, an employe in theInspector General's office of the WarDepartment, in Washington, wioplaced on tlit- Civil Service retiredlief rm nfPOlinl Ol aSC. iue xvcniiiftirian. who now resides inHyatts-ville. Md., has renderedvonrs nf service. He hasthirty-fivecontributed several articles to the magazine ofthe Kentucky State Historical Association. Prior to entering the Government service, he engaged in newspaper wrk in Cincinnati.o-ASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineTake Appirin only as told in eachpackage of genuine Bayer Tablets ofAspirin. Then you -will be followirgthe diiections and dotage workedjDntby physicians during 21 year's andmoved safe by millions. Take noI chances with substitutes If you seethe Bayer Cross on taoiets. you cactake them without fear for Colds,Headache, Nepralgia. Rheupiatism.Earache. Toothache, Lumbago andfor pain. Handy tin boxes of twelvetablets cost few cents.Druggists al&o sell larger packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)-oThe Movies cf 1713.On another page of this paper wasprinted recently an alleged newly discovered manuscript by Aristotle philosophizing on the movies. Mr. Walklywas joking, of course; but there is nojokeabout this, extract from Swift's"Journal to Stella," dated March 27,1713: "I went afterward to see a famous moving-picture, and I never sawanything so- pretty.' You see a seaten miles wide, a town on t'other end'and ships sailing in the sea and discharging their ."-annon," etc. BostonTranscript.oJohn Smith Nmed New England.The name of New England wascoined by Capt John Smith of Pocahontas fame, one of the founders ofthe Virginia colony. In 1G14 he explored and mapped the northern coast,then called North Virginia, and renamed It New England. The chartergranted the Mayflower Pilgrims adoptSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Bri lojx4a aed the name used in Smlth's-map'sev-eraJearsTbef ore, - . " 'JUNIOR RED GROSS ,WORKING AT HOMEProduction of Sound AmericanCitizenship the First Aim,Says Dr. Farrand.On the badge of every member ofthe Junior Red Cross are the words"I Serve.' That tells the story of theschool children's branch of the American Red Cross and-ite efforts to bring Jhappiness to children throughout, theworldRealizing that the time never wasso propitious as right now for teaching the highest Ideals of citizenship,the entire present program of the Junior Red Cross has been framed underthe very ipclusive phrase, "TrainingCor Citizenship Through Service" forothers. Since the Junior Red Cross isthe agency through which the American Red Cross reaches the schoolboysand the schoolgirls, all Its activitiesare designed to come within the regular school program, and without creating new courses or increasing the number of studies to lend its aid in vitalizing the work of the schools."The thing that Is needed," says Dr.Livingston Farrand, Chairman of theAmerican Red Cross Central Committee, "is not a perpetuation of the Junior Red Cross, but the training andbreeding of sound American citizenshipinspired by the true, fundamentalideals of sound democracy. One of thegreat conceptions In making the RedCross a contributor to better citizenship In our American democracy is therealization that after all the sole hopeof any nation is with the children ofthe country."The plan of organization of the Junior Red Cross makes the school publie, parochial and private the unit,uot the individual pupils. Mutual service, helpful community work such asclean-up campaigns, care of the faick,promotion of health regulations, participation in civic aufi patriotic movements all these creative agencies designed to translate into life and actionthe regular school program are partsof the machinery w hich the Junior RedCross places at the disposal of theschool authorities.Graded study courses giving practical methods of civic training, supplemented by pamphlets and helpful "suggestions, are supplied to the loralschools by the Junior lied Cross. Anelaborate plan for promoting an interchange of correspondence between chillren in different sections of the UnitedStateskas well as with children in foreign lands' Is being devised and willtake a prominent place in the established classroom program.In promoting the general cause ofchild welfare, Red Cross courses Inhome hygiene and care of the sickliist aid, "and dieting may be established rn all Junior Red Cross Auxiliaries. The ideals and the objoothe of theJunior Red Cross are embodied in thepledge of service which the pupil takeswhen he signs the membership roll andpins on his coat the Junior'sbadge.The pledge which binds together service and citizenship reads:"We will seek in all ways to live upto the ideals of the Junior Red Crosapd devote ourselves to its service."We will strive never to bring dls-v-:vdittOthis, our country, by any urwor'ljy r.ct."Wo will revere and obey our conntiy's laws and do our best to inspire alike teerence and obedience in those'lout us."We will endeavor in all these ways,as good citizens, to transmit Americagreater, better and more "beautiful thanshe was transmitted to us."At the foundation of this school prozram of the Junior Red Cros is agreat love for America's children.RED CROSS ACTIVEIN DISASTER RELIEFWhen fllsa'or hits a communitytiro, Hood, earthquake, explosion, badwreck or tornado the American RedCross can be depended upon to followright at Us heels with help for thestricken people. Red Cross Relief Isalmost immediately forthcoming food,clothing, shelter and funds; doctors,nur&es and special workers with longexperience in handling similar troubleelsewhere. .During the last year, ending June 30.there was an average of four disastersa month In 'the United States. Onehundred and tifty communities intwenty-seven states suffered. Thelargest and most destructive of thesewere the tidal wave at Corpus Christi,Texas, and tornadoes In Mississippi,Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Ohio,Indiana and Illinois..In these events of horror 8n0 peroi? were killed, 1,500 were InjurVd.j13.000 were made homeless, about 30,000 families needed help, the propertyloss was" nearly $100,000,000 and almost $l,0Q0.O0O in relief funds, not ineluding emergency supplies was expended. " sTo thet sufferers from all disastersduring the year, the -American RedCross sent 5120.000 worths of supplies, 110 led Cross nurses and sevenspecial relief trains. To meet theneeds of the stricken, the organisation"set up ten relief .stations, operatedthirty food canteens and as manyemergency hospitals. One hundredand twenty-five Red ' Cross chaptersgave disaster relief service.If disaster ever strikes this town orcounty, the citizens can be absolutelysure the .Red Cross' will 'be right-onhand to help them in every way.KaixsAaiKAegArtaAaiKaiKi3caiPjWOLF, WILE &C0.i - .;,-' lv v y ' ' Z" -XIII I-i-vAnnouncing100Tailored and FurTrimmed '1V4 iSuitsAt Exceptional PricesK.$49.50$54.50Represented in this collectionare the smartest models of theseason, made in, the soft, vel-svetp materials so much desired 'for Autumn and Winter wear.X111 v This is an unvsual . III : ' opportunity '2III ' , . - ' i1 . V Ii . YI Wolf, Wile . Co. jjI Lexington, Kentuckyi 1 1I , A.I7j j CM iey reTJalkincfThose groups ofyou see conversingabout thoseSuits and Overcoatswe are selling at$18.50, $20, $25Looks like old times. We areready to show our willingness toreduce clothes costs, and this isjust the beginning of what youmay expect from us. Readjustment prices in every lineSee our windowr and then' ourcomplete stock.uSAVE THETWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEPT.619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finished 'than all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions! Guarantee quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 71iXIA eSx . ara mm .5.: " dBr k . . A f .. t aLkm A 9BB 9HSGEO. W. DAVIS J1vII.FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment 'BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299cContsfFifth jmm PlSMMiC'StraotSy Psrity K:'S&IIXIIIXIXIXIXI.XIXI$69.50$85.00XPoliticsmen whomare talkingsDIFFERENCEMonumentsPARIS, KENTUCKYInotIJunelS-Smi'.' t-k-I--Vh,J"W'-itiiiHHHiniimiimnn-V1 ,?-!r5ssj-X-.v,TE - s Z. .. - 1 J?nrmIB B0UR5QN .HEWS, ' JPAWS, . JOBNTUCET , . . '- -V 'TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, J28.uiiAELOWE'EH OBSERVED BYYOtFlf G TEOPEEx Hallowe'en was observed in Par'sN l-y the young people of the city, whoanticipated the occasion by celebrating twenty-four hours ahead oflime. The principal damage donewas to the mental state of thoseseeking- slumber, who found thatsleep was impossible until a very latehour.Spooks, goblins a,nd wearers ofother faces than, their own paradedthe streets until a late hour, havinga good lime in a good-ratured way.The streets ware crowded with sightseers and merrymakers. The factiliat Hallowe'en fell this year onSunday reduced the effectivenessof the annual celebration.The annual stunts of removing gates,porch furniture, etc., were indulgedin, but no malicious or seriousproperty damage was suffered. Theonly mean trick we have heard ofwas where boys emptied the contentsof two large street trash containeison the lawn of a Pleasant streethepne, necessitating several houro"to remove the scattered paper, andother refuse.o' POR SALE.A car of fine Michigan potatoes. LEON RENAKER & CO.(29-2t)OFFUTT GABAGE NEAE PABISBUBNEDThe large garage belonging toMrs. Jasper Offutt, on the Lexington,pike, about five miles from Paris,was destroyed by fire, together withan automobile, a carriage ana ,buggy. The origin of the fire is unknown. The Paris fire departmentwas called and made a hurried run.1o the scene with their new autopumper. They succeeded in savingth handsome residence, which iswithin seventy-five leet of the burned garage. The loss is estimated atabout $5,000, partly covered by insurance. oWE ABE TAKING ALOSSWhen we sell $75, $70 and $65suits at $59.50, but we realise, thatwe can replace them at lower pricesthan we paid for them ind are passing these reductions on to our customers. J. W. DAVIS & CO.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanA POSITIVE WARNINGFREE ELECTION BETUENSCome to the Hotel Fordham onTuesday night, November 2, andhear the Presidential election returns, free of charge. -Warning has been issued by theAlayor and Chief of Police againstthe burning of leaves on the pavements and streets of Paris, which Ua violation of the city ordinances.j oil and mineial districts of Texas,j Persons violating the ordinance willI be arrested and presented in PoliceCourt. The State Health Board hastaken a determined stand against theburning of leaves, characterizing itas a jmenace to the public health.PBAKES SELLS ITNE THOEOUGEBBED HOBSES.R. C. Frakes, lately of Paris, ha?sold to C. M. Hardy the three-year-oldfilly Mazola, by McGee BonnieDoon, by Prince Melbourne, and toW. A. Manuel, Capt Burns, bayhorse. 1511, by Rockton Revana.hy Clifford, and has turned over toTrainer R. P. Brooks the two-year-oldfillie? Quick View, by RqckJView Misstrcss Quickly by Nasturtium, and Rasola, by McGeeTinkle, by Loved One.TOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.(sept3-tf)A POSITIVE GUABANTEESee the guarantee of the Williamson Heater Company on page 8.A. S. BEST & CO., AgentsBoth Phones 33 Millersburg, Ky.(26-8t)tULffl&mt IIHLrvTHERE'S CHARACTER ASWELL AS STYLE IN THESEUNUSUALLY SMARTmcentq'clothesthe sort of character clothes that immediatelystamp them as individual.A large assortment ofSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. EVERY OVERCOAT A NEW ONENot One Carried From Last YearH. M. COLLINS & CO.W 9THE HANCOCK BECEPTIOlf a(Communicated)The stately home of the Hancock':never showed to greater advantagethan on last 'Thursday afternoon,when its mistress was "At Home" toher friends. Automohiles from allsurrounding counties lined thestreets nearby and a steady streamof elegantly dressed women pouredin and out of the hospitable doors.The home was decorated most artistically with white and yellowchrysanthenuras, and hanks of palmsand fern piet the eye at every;turn.A quartette of instruments lent abackground to the hum of -conversation.The hostess, Mrs. Arthur BoydHancock, and her sister, Mrs. HarrisHancock, stood in the drawing roomto receive "the guests. Mrs. A,rthurHancock never looked better than onthis occasion, gowned in a-n exquisite, frock of wisteria chiffon, wearinghandsome diamond ornaments. Mrs.Harris Hancock wore black lace overblu-j. and a pearl necklace of raredesign. Miss Roseberry, Mis. JamesThompson, Mrs. Thompson Tarr,Mrs. Miller Ward, Mrs. C. G. Daugherty and Mrs. Jajmes Clay Ward assisted in entertaining tho guestswhile Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mr.3.John Yerkes, Mrs. Overton Harberand Mrs. George W. Clay looked after their comfort in the dining room.A delicious two-course supper wasserved by Benedict, from Louisville.More than two hundred guests enjoyed Mrs. Hancock's delightful hospitality. Among those from the nearby counties were: Mrs. W. R.Thomas, Mrs. Arthur Carey, Mrs.Lucas Combs, Mrs. W. S. Barnes,Miss Lida Clay Ingels, Miss M3ryBacon Harrison, Mrs. Nathan. Elliott,Miss Mary Leonard, Miss IsabelClay, Mrs. C. S. Brent, Mrs. CharlesKerr, Mrs. Charles Berryman. Mr3.Samuel Halley, Mrs. W. H. McCorkle,Mrs. Ernest Bradley, Mrs. Paul Justice, Mrs. Jos. Heating, Mrs. RobertColeman, Mrs. M. Gerry. 'Mrs. W. H.Anderson, Mrs. Henry Bosworth,Mrs. Ed. Tipton, Miss Sallie Bronston, Miss Belle Clay, Miss ElizabethDangerfield, Miss Juliette Dangerfield, all of Lexington; Mrs. Geo.Berry, Mrs. Pierce Butlers Mrs D.W. Lindsay, Mrs. Richard Baker.Miss Mary Scott, Frankfort; MiesSam Woolridge, Mrs. W. C. Simm,Mrs. Claude Williams, Versailles;Airs. Rhodes Shackleford, Mrs C. T.Burnam. Miss Helen Bennett, Mr.Overton Harfcer, Richmond; Mrs.David Pruitt, Winchester; Mrs. Muiritt Shobe, Salem, N. J.: Mrs. Closson, Cincinnati.Mrs. Hancock, who was MssNancy Clay before her marriage,makes an ideal hostess. She has therare gift df making each guest feelparticularly welcome and greets youwith a cordiality and sincerity thatis only to be found in women whoare "bred in old Kentucky, wherethe meadow grass is blue. ' Thoweather w.-s perfect, bright and sunshiny, wUh a louch of frost in thoair, that made the big open fires inthe two main rooms the center of 'attraction. Mrs. Hancock's receptionis one that will long be rememberedby all who were present at the mostdelightful of the many charming teasthat have been given this season.oTURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for the Thankigivingmarket on Wednesday, "November 3, and expect to continue receiving up to and including Saturday, November13. Tor the purpose of encouraging delivery during thefirst week (we cannot handleaft of them in one week anddo it right) we will give tothose delivering turkeys on orbefore November 6 any advance in price that we maypay during the second week.This guarantees, on turkeysdelivered the first week thehighest price that we navduring the Thanksgiving sea-!son, and also guaranteesagainst loss should the price!decline, which is not improb!able this year.CHAS. S. BRENTN& BRO.(oct26-6t)THOROUGHBRED ASSOCIATION"TO MEET TO-MORROWA special meeting of members ofthe Thoroughbred Horse Associationhas been called to be held at 8o'clock to-morrow night, at the Seelfcach Hotel, in Louisville, for thepurpose of considering proposals asto purses, rules and othr mattmincidental to racing at the winter.iracKs: '3ir Grounds, New Orleans,La.; Oriental Park, Havana, Cuba,and Tia Juana, Tia Junana, Mex.,and for consideration of all othermatters which may come properlybefore the (meeting, including discussion of questions that may havearisen incidental to the JeffersonPark meeting since the meeting ofmembers of the Thoroughbred HorseAssociation at Cincinnati, Oct. 21.The call is issued by C. H. Berryman, vice-president and Thomas B.Cromwell, secretary.oNEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THEVERY BEST.Get the New Process eas stow ttido your heating. They will saveyour gas bill.('27-tf) A. P. WHEELER CO.Keys LostIf the boy who picked up a bunchof I'keys in front of the Busy BeeCash Store, on Main street, Saturday night, will return them to officeof The Bourbon Lumber Co., onSouth Main street, he will receive aliberal leward. (nov-2-tf)Dueling did not exist in ancientGreece or Rome.For SaleOne McDougal Kitchen Cabinet;two Keltax Chairs and Divan; oneNew Process Stove, all good as new.Call Cumberland Phone 73.A lot of politicians would neverstarve to deaih if forced to eat theirwords.Furnished RoomsFurnished rooms for rent Apply toCARL CRAWFORD.For SaleA Lexington Sedan seven passenpassenger, in. Al condition. CallCumberland Phone 684. (2-3t)SAVE ON YOUR HEATING BILLWhatever fuel you have been using, you can really save moneyn by heating your home with gas when you use the .Barber Patented Gas BurnerActual experience with this most efficient burner shows a sav-,ingof 15 to 40 on gas bills and an increase in heatingefficiency of fully 100.Develops 70 Degrees Heat on an Ounce of PressureThis is guaranteed with every Burner. The Barber PatentedGas Burner can be installed in any heating plant hot water,hot air or steam, whether originally designed for coal, wood,gas or other fuel without in any way changing the grate barsor fire box and is guaranteed to give the utmost in heatingsatisfaction. And once installed, the Barber Burner can bequickly removed for other fuel should the gas be shut offand as quickly put back when gas is available.l Z '&& &' -VS $OftOUR GUARANTEEBarber Patented Gas Burners are guaranteed tofurnish an average heat of 70 degrees Fahrenheit inZero weather, upon gas pressure of one ounce andfurther to remain burning upon atmospheric pressure, if properly installed and instructions are carefully followed.THE CLEVELAND GAS, BURNER & APPLIANCE CO.3707 Supelor Avenue Cleveland, Ohioi!:SEE A DEMONSTRATION OF THE BARBER BURNERJOHN MERRINGER626 Main Street, Paris, Ky;-A.LSXj.sA?READJUSTMENT SALEOn Men's and Young Men's ,SUITS AND OVERCOATSN re-adjusting of our prices on Men's and Young Men's Suits and Overcoats we are meeting the demand of the public for lower clothing pricesand this is an opportunity to save money. We're sacrificing our profits inoffering these values, but we are willing to take the loss in order to make, it yourgain. Offering such merchandise as Hart Schaffner & Marx and Kirschbaumclothing insures the public getting the best made. These Suits and Overcoats areall styled right up-to-the-minute, handsomely made in new patterns and colorings.Read the following reductions and see what we are doing to prices.im93$15.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to ,$18.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$20.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to . . .'$22.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$25.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to ,$27.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$30.00 Suits and OvercoatsCUt to' :$32.50 Suits and Overcoatseut to '$35.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$37.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$40.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$42.50 Suits and Overcoatscut toWONDERfUL DISPLAY.Don't fail to see the wonderful watch display tn ourwindow.A. J. WINTERS CO.$12.001 4.401 6.0018. OO20.0022.0024.0026.0028.0030.0032.0034.00$45.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$47.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$50.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to .$52.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$55.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$57.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$60.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$62.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to?65.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to I$67.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to..$70.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$75.00 Suits and OvercoatsOcut to$36.0038, OO40.0042.0044.0046.0048,0050.0052.0054.00S6.0060,00NO APPROVALSR. P. WALSH7th, and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.. m-iV ' ' - )i,rj;S3,yrK,i --JTti.v ' -' ' - v.- V, tr"tiJ.v f .-feTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1920.THE )UBON NIWS rFAffltf KBNTOlta!uOgtSwHfa 4k-FOR THE BESTNOTHt!Sirt Fl cHNE SUITS AT LOWER PRICES.We have decided to sell all our$75, $7C and $65 suits at $59.50.- J. W. DAVIS & CO.CHERRIES FOR PRESERVING"Gallon Cherries" for preserves. Letus fill j'our ordes they're fine.(It) C. P. COOTv & CO.. oSTAMP UNDER THE DEMOCRATICROOSTER TO-DAY.Put the X mark under the Democratic emblem, the roo3ter, to-dayand help elect Cox and Roosevelt.Go to the polls between six o'clockin the morning: and four in the afternoon, ard vote your sentiments.Bourbon county's majorUy will cut abig figure in the State result. Let'smake it a big one, one to be proudof in the future!oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do if now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)TAKES POSITION AS ADVERTISING AGENT.Miss Sadie Fuller has resigned herposition as bookkeeper, and stenographer for the real estate firm of Harris, Speakes & Harris, and has accepted a position as publicity director for the Power Grocery Co., ofParis. Miss Fuller by her uniformcourtesy and strict attention to business made many friends in the business life of Paris, who wish her unbounded success in her new position,oTO ATTEND CONVENTIONGov. Edwin P. Morrow has designated Mrs. J. R. Bell, of Bourboncounty, as one of the Kentucky representatives to attend the NationalConvention of Compulsory Attendance Officers. The Convention willbe held in the Sherman Hotel, inChicago, November 10, 11. 12 amJ13. Mrs. Bell is County AttendanceOfficer for ihe Bourbon countyschools, and a most capable official.oNOVEMBER COURT DAY.Like many another "Court Day,"in the past, November court day inParis was a busy time, (with the politicians and party managers.) Therewas a la rare crowd in the city, drawnprincipally by the prospect of something" lively doing in tl political -way.and to meet friends and -neihbofofor the purpose of discussing cropand farm prospects. There was verylittle business transacted in the stoci:markets, and very little stock forsale. A few mules, horses and cattlechanged hands at good prices. Merchants report only a small volume ofbusiness and the usual dearth ofnrst-of-the-month collections. Theusual ftee show furnished by a bandof itinerant religious exhorters wasfurnished or. he public square.Political speaking at the court houseby Maj. Samuel Wilson, of Lexington, and an address to the Republicans bv Col. Webster P- Huntington, of Ohio, furnished entertainmentfor the major portion of the crowds,business being sidetracked for thetime being.oTRY THE' ELLIS TEA ROOM;REGULAR MEAI5 ANDSHORT ORDERSOur regular meals are becomingmore popular every day becausethey art- home -cooked and goodones. Shcrt orders from the cardof all kinds. Come in to-day, something special.(It) ELLIS TEA ROOM.oSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ii tre?cers and PuPils o' the Little Rock Graded School gave a pantry shower to Misses Templin andLmdley, members of the faculty"Mr and Mrs. Will Burris havereturned to their home in Cloverdale, Ind., after a visit to friendsand relatives in this city and county.V; D-,Harris. George D. Speakes.Ray Hairis and Bush Bishop, Parisreal estate men, attended the realestate sales held in Georgetown lastweek.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Buckner entertained a party of friends with aHallowe'en party Saturday eveningat their -home, at Xalapa Farm, nearPai is.James Higgins, of the BourbonSteam Laundry, will leave to-morrowfor a ten-days' sojourn at Martinsville, Indiana, for the relief of rheu-jmansm.Mr;:, c. A. Teller and son, William, harp returned to their homein Chicago, after a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price, inthis city.John McNamara, formerly oiParis, now engaged in the wallpaper and decorating business "mMt. Sterling, visited relatives hereSaturday to Monday.James E. Craven is'' improvingrapidly at the St. Joseph Hospital inLexington. Mr. Craven was able tocome to Paris to-day to oast his votefor Cox and Roosevelt.,-Winchester Democrat: "MisLeona Cbristman went to Paris. Friday evening and motored to Danvilleand Harrodsburg, where she spent afew days with her parents.Miss Sue Boardman and Richaid Hopkins, from the University orKentucky, and Mits MargueriteClark, of Hamilton College, spentthe week-end with their parents,near Paris.Mrs. Robert J. Neely and Mrs.John A. Lyle have issued invitationsto an "At Home" at their residence,on East Eighth street, for to-morrow,Wednesday, November 3, fromthree to five o'clock.James McDonald and Allen M.Kiser, who have been guests offriends and relatives in this city andcounty since the Orphan Brigadereunion, have returned to "the Confederate Home, at Pewee Valley.Mrs. John Middleton, of Louisville, was hostess at luncheon at the"Pendinis Club, in Louisville, inhonor ot thd State officers of the D.A. R. Among the guests was MissElizabeth Grimes, of Paris, StateTreasurer.Mrs. Albeit S. Thompson andMrs. Isaac C. Haley have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeC. Thompson, Jr., in Allensville.Ala. They were accompanied toParis by Mrs. Geo. Thompson, whowill visit relatives.Charlton Clay and Alis.i CarolynRoseberry, of Paris, are members ofa camping party at Camp Bide-a-Wee,on the Kentucky river. Others in the party are Mr. and Mrs.Alaurry Kemper, Dr. and Mrs. Jo.s.Arthur Goodson, Mr. and Mrs. RexCarpenter, of Lexington.-Rev J. Taylor sSharrard, Mrs.Sharrard end Mrs. Kate Spears Bedford have returned from Columbus.Mo., where they1 visited SolomonSpears, formerly of Bourbon county.They also attended the NationalConvention of the Christian church,at St. Louis, Mo.Mr. and Mrs. George A. Keller,of Paris, vere among the guests whoattended a delightful Hallowe'enparty given in Lexington by MissesMcKenna. The home was beautifully decorated with autumn leaves andHallowe'en emblems. Gan.es, dancing and a delicious supper were enjoyed. The following from Bourboncounty attended the recent meetingofe State Eastern Star order, held in.Lexington: Newton Smith, Paris,Grand Patron; Mrs. T. T. Templin.Mrs. B. F. Faulkner and Mrs'. T. J.1Woodall, ot Paris; Mr. and Mrs. TrW. Current, ot Shawhan Chapter No.15.The Literary Department of -theBourbor County Woman's Club wilihold its regular meeting to-morrow,when the following program will be.rendered: Cm rent Events in TheNear East, With a suggestion of theFar East in the way of a recital, in.nnstiime of Lihdsey's "Chineseserved. About sixty guests partookof Mrst -Ardery's hospitality.Miss Elizabeth Herforfl, ofSayre College, Lexington, spentSunday in Paris as guest of friends.Ned Brent entertained at thehome of his father, N. Fod Brent,on Pleasant street, Saturday evening with a Hallowe'en party.W. H.- Cannon, assistant mana?ger of the Paris Home TelephoneCo., will move to Louisville to reside. He will take a position withthe American Telephone & Telegraph Company, in Louisville.Mrs. Cannon and babe willbe guests of friends and relatives inVersailles for a few days beforejoining her husband in Louisville.(Other Personals on Page 3.)e 5SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAYWhether or nol you intendto buy now we most cordiallyinvite you to inspect the newest designs in watches displayed in our window.A. J. WINTERS CO.(oct26-tf)". & ,WATCHMAN INJUKED IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTTAXPAYERS NOTICE.TO avoid errors and misun- j Nighline-aie, Miss Alice Hallam, folderctandlnss we will not payiApwea Dy ine C1UD "taxes for .our customers unlessspecialty instructed to do so.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK,FIRST NATIONAL BANK,BOURBON - AGRICULTURALBANK & TRUST CO.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANKTRUST CO.(onv2-2t)HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGFEELECTS OFFICERSMrs. Edward F. Prichard, MissesHelen and Mary Fithian Hutchcraft.I of Paris and Miss Olive Brenmer ofMillersburg, represented Bourboncounty at a meeting of the KentuckyWelleslev College Club; held in.'Lexington, in, the dining room of theI -n-ni-iTnyoixr nf ' iron tlWlrV 'TTflllOWe'etl& decoration0 and college banners VenIdered the room very attractive. Adelicious luncheon was sered.-Several from Paris attended tbedance and Hallowe'en party given atthe Winchester skating rink by'the Winchester Lodge No. 5, Southern Association of Bell Telephoneof the Bour-1 employes. About two nun area anufiftv sruesls were present, mu&iuwas furnished by Williams' Orches-tra, of s Winchester, llefrtclimentswere served during- the intermission.decoratedAt a recent meetinbon County Health and WelfareLeague held in the court house, Mrs.Harriet Minakcr, the efficient-Visit-work carried on during the year, The rink was tastifullywhich was read and apprcvea. wun nauuweeu qmuiti,- - ,,-t, n Vio .nminir -epnr I The following from rj ictixa iui wuin. iwi i.uv. w..o jL. B. Miller, employed as nightwatchman at the Pans DistillingCo.'s plant,, on the North Middletown pike, sustained serious injuries Sunday night when he wasstruck by an automobile and knocked down.Mr. Miller was en route to thydistillery warehouses, and when aa point near the home of Mr. andMrs. Charles Whaley near The NorthMiddletown and Maysville pikes twoautomobiles approached from opposite directions. In trying to avoidthe machine closest to him. Mr.Miller stepped directly in front ofthe oiher (machine, which wasgoing nt a high rate of spped. K;was knocked down and thrown toone side of the pike by the force ofIhe impact.Both machines sped on vheir waywithout stopping to ascertain theinjury Jone to the fallen man.Mr. Miller was rendered unconscious by -the ihock, remaining inthat condition for some time. Uponregaining consciousness he draggedhimself to a nearby home, wheromedical assistance was summoned.He was placed in a machine, andtaken to the Dickerson home onPleasant street.A superficial examination disclosed serious injuiies about thehead, fsce and shoulders, and hisright arm broken. The ideniity ofthe speedinge autoists was not learned. Mr. Miller stated that his escape from instant death was a miracle.TTJEKEYS! TURKEYS!We will begin -receiving turkejsfor the Thanksgiving market on November 8th, and will receive dailyuntil Thursday, November 18.We will pay the highest marketprice for 11 good fat turkeys. Don'tsell your turkeys early, gie them achance to get fat. while the weatheris cool is when they fatten.If other dressers can't handlethem, a we cau. You can sell themto us later and we will pay you topmarket prices.We would rather havo thejir. fromthe 31th to 17th, as we expect thiytime to be the best market days.Don't feed your turkeys day of delivery. LEON RENAKER & CO.Dow Buliding, Main Street, Opposite Hotel Windsor.Phones, Cumberland 361, Home552. (2-4) ooTO OUR CUSTOMERSIf you will call at our officeand settle your account, it willnot take very much of yourtime, save us the trouble ofcalling on you in person, andwill certainly be much appreciated. COLLIER BROS.(29-4t)were die-cussed. The following officers weie elected:President, - Mrs Oakford Hinton;1st vice-president, Mrs. Frank P.Lowry;'2d vice-president, Mrs. Wm.0. Hinton; lecording secretary, Mrs.Harry Kerslake: corresponding secictary. Mrs. M. H. Dailey; treasurer-,Mrs. James McClure.The folloWing , Advisory Board,chosen from members of all the ParJschurches were accepted: Catholic.Mrs. Denis Dundon; Christian, Mrs.11n3r tr -tTTV.Jl-r. Timicnnna 1 Mrs.Hueh Brent- Baptist. Mrs., Amos Lexington pike, near Paris, in honorTumey Jr ? Sewitb Mrs. A. J. Win- of frs. Artie Smith of Tms andters; Presbyterian, Mrs T. S. &ny- Mrs. Lueien Buck o South Aroeriftulie; Methodist, Mrs. Catesby Spears 'The home artiaticdecoMtThe following compose members of with autumn tints, yellow chrysanthe Advisory, Board from the commu- themums ik the dining rMma-x , . dv ... rii 'i , eiin Varinr and rose cnrysan-i'lijr-AL-ianrgei yaiowj wltio, . -- ' t ...,, -nnm An"wasThe following: from Pans attena-Pd the' bridere party given by MissBessie Stone last week at her hoimenear Georgetown: Mrs. CharlesGager, Mrs. D. C. Lisle, Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, Mrs. Henry May. Thehouse was beautifully decorated withwhite ropes. After the serving ofluncheon bridge was enjoyed Mrs.Clay Shropshire won the first prize,Mrs. Annabelle Wallace second ana.Mrs. Rhodes Herndon the guestprize. A . .Mrs. wm. B. Ardery entertainedFriday at her country home, on theIn sellingour fine $75$-70 and $65suits at '$59.50we aregiving you ,next spring'sclothes pricesnow.Taking theloss tosatisfythe public'sdesire for tlowerprices.H. Gorpy, Wade H. Whitley, Jtoes.th5n.u1m1 ina the living roomTkfrr.i: In - w.nn - tltfcofaU two-course luchwm-nMcClure, C. B. Sarritoi.x mml 1flJr-A9M r c. f-i-tIf it comesfrom DecvisHis, ridhtr"ajr f 1'fl, - I fHave You Visitedvr.GroingSimon'sOut of BusinessSale?Lf not you are missing the greatest opportunity topurchase good, clean, seasonable merchandise atbelow the market prices.We Must Close OutWe have sold our buildingchandise. "Nuf sed."now we will sell the mer-'I r "Vl1W': :rr'.3- !$vfm&mkt Kccai-frpcrt I 'Featuring This WeekWarner's Corsets$2.50 Corsets d1 QOWhile they lr.dt P 1 0$3.00 Corsets , O AQWhile they last$3.50 Corsets ' O 7QWhile they last . $?$4.00 Corsets O OQWhile they last ?$4.50 Conets 7QWhile they last &Very Latest Styles andFigures. All sizes.IwllffitcilPriy.HARRY SIMx PARIS, KENTUCKYONasmMBSJMMmfflSJHK mm im -jm w w m mmWE HAVE JUST RECEIVED!A Complete Assortment of the Very Latest Styles in1WWj Rk We are quoting these ata msmtz? iiti.iIis 'IVery AttractivePricesThis is the time of yearwhen you want cheerfulnessi3 your home. May weshow you how?In addition to being theColumbiaw j rthe Ibest mechanically,GrafonolaIs the only machine equipped with aNon-Set Automatic StopNo matter what you pay unless you buy the COLUMBIA you cannot get thisEXCLUSIVE COLUMBIA FEATURE. You can buy a COLUMBIA GRAFONOLA on our EASY-PAY PLAN.COLUMBIA RECORDS ARE ALL THAT COULD BE DESIREDWe have some wonderful ones in stock for you right now. Just think, RosaPonselle, Charles Hackett, Art Hickman, Ted Lewis, Al Jolson, Bert Williams,Charles Meader and a host of other exclusive Columbia artists brought right toyourjfireside. - Why not enjoy them? Turn on your Electrolier and enjoy yourself.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 - PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingitiTVrfl-jV-1i- k "J.?" TV x .t'v . .yTc?1?Vi-9:Vt I.-&? m Li"f- A--i.:-iT-.7Vtr aS "v.n,esC -f -s "(- -tfKBWS, PAWS, EKNfUOTT75TUtAY, NOYSMBBft 1. l2d.fagestxHP mmTm.lIJRBQN, htiI-trV 's. " -IJmix Ay ' mm sm""'Tell your MotherKEMP'S BALSAMwill stop that congh, Bill. Mymother gives it to xae when I geta coagh and you don't bear mecoughing all the time.9TRIBUTE TO THE EDITOR(Cincinnati Times-Star)Charles E. Chapin, former CityEdUoi of the New York EveningWorld, is now editor of the Sing Sing:Bulletin. He killed his wife, and ispassing his regaining years sabhati-"WATCH YOUR STEP," FATJ.rJIBES ARE DUEs. "Watch your step and watch yourfies," is the official waning beinggiven out just now by Fire ChiefATcCracken, and the insurance men,in regard to placing fires in stovesfor the first time this fall. Thegreat danger is xhat many have thestovesandMOHEf COffCDfTBUY WHAT IT DIDs or grates stuffed with paper!-, . r . mrwf --.-.. pAlirij.trash, with the result that fire.Hebert Gam -wenty-Tnj ee Pounds."I Will Praise Tanlac Ion?As I. Live."is caused by the extreme heat or fiy- jmg spaiKS irom iiie ursi me maiie.Chimneys are also stopped up insopie instances, it is reported, andthere is also danger of fire from thissource."All chimneys should be investigated." said another official, "andifinspected regarding the refuse thathas accumulated during tne summer.This will do away with some of thefires. If everyone is carefulregarding their stoves and the(material with which they start thefiist fire, there will also be less danger of a building being ignited."Durins this time of the year, thecaJly on literary labors. Immured in j "fall fire," as they are termed, areprison, he has sent forth his first generally reported. Last year therehook, "Charles Chapin's Story." J there was a series of fires, none ofAnd we will wager it is a story j them very extensive. However, therewell told. For Chapin had the repu- were many calls made by the fire detation of being a great city editor, J partmen. and the loss amounted to aand, confidentially, there is no great- i considerable sum.er business than an efficient city ed- i s o-itor. He it is who comes into actuals The Shah of Persia possessesancontact with the news and with the; armchair made of solid gold, inlaidmen who gather it and turn it j with precious stones. ithrough the mill for your consump- j olion. No newspaper ever rose above I Young people used to say thf.ythe level of its city editor. He is the 'wished life could be one lorg honeytop sergeant of the company, and any jmoon, but in consideration of thesoldier will tell you what that modern hotel bills Hiey aon t.means. He makes editors and man- j !agings, editors, just as the top ser-jgeant makes captains and lieutenants.At is said that Chapin discovered!more good writers than any otherNew York city editor of the last fifteen years. Perhaps he hss disco v?ered another, up in Sing Sing. Weare going to buy his book and see.oWhite ElephantHsn't It a pity that a man never can4Upose of his motor experience for asmuch as it cost him?. 5 sA 'gS fC; T'- & 2-3 M -Ihif J? vr .tLJL.-3e&Vfs c-'?ft:sjk ; ,c r ' : '-.i' vk .'? &r &&V- U.- -1& 4 ISSTT H"If it were possible to sell the goodTanlac has done me there is notenough money in the univeise to buyit," said A. M. Hebert, well-knownpainter, living at Alderwood Manor,Bothill, Wash."I hfd suffered vfroni stomachtrouble for several years "and got t)where everything I ate disagreedwith me," continued Mr. Hebert."My kidneys, too, were in such badshape I nearly always had a pain izithe small of my back and I had the: heumatism in the shoulders so had Ihad to give up several different jobson account of it. My nerves brokedownand I could hardly sleep nightsend finally got to where I was hardlyable to get about. To tell the, truth,I doubt whether I. would ever' havebeen able to work" any more."Then I began taking Tanlac andI never saw anything to beat the wayit knocked out my troubles. I havetaken fiye bottles nowand I neverfelt better in my life.' The stomachtrouble, rheumatism, pains and -nerv-jousness are entirely gone; I eat everything set before me, sleep soundas a log and work hard every day.Yes, sir, Tanluc did the work for meand I pass the good word on to others every chance I get.Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy?- (adv)When the body begins to stiffenti& movement becomes painful it3 usually an indication that thakilny are oat -of order. Keeptose organs healthy by te!angA?.FRUITS IN AND OUT OF SEASONCatarrhCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier. By cleansingthe blood and building up the System,HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE restoresnormal conditions and allows Nature todo its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.7. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.S vv i&Vw&i ::t'i,ii Wx tzmv- && && -z 'spaaZ3mmffiEfcThe vorid's standard rcrncdvr icr kidney,,liver, btaudi-r anJ nric and troubles.Jimcus niwe-e 1590. Take r..ularl7 endkeep in fjcod bsulm. I.i three sizes, alldruggists. Guaraxiteud ua rucpanted.I Lsols tor clip r.frar. Gli MI.5 on crc".-y Tjoxlftor more thanJ twenty yearsno one has beenable to produce awheat and maltedbarley food equal toGrape -NutsIts nourishment,economy and pleasingflavor make it theideal cereal dish for ,breakfast or lunch"There's a ReasonHade hy Postum Cereal Co.Jnc,Battle Creelc, Michigan.Growing small fruits out of seasonhas proved a source of gratificationand pleasure to several Fans men. iFor several years Thos. M. Funk, ofthe Bourbon Steam , Laundry, hasgrown fine luscious strawberries inthe late fall months,- when otherpeople were thinking""" of overcoatsand furnaces. These strawberrieswere not grown in hot houses, butout in the open, 'under Nature's fo-3-tering careNow comes A. B. Lovell, of Eiglunstreet, who deposes as follows: . Inthe yard of his residence on Eighthstreet are three pecan trees, whichrre loaded with a heavy crop readyto be gathered. He is also gatheringred rasnberries xand ever-bearin;:! strawberries.j Other Paris parties are growing.experimental crops of cotton, goober.'peas (peanuts), fresh tomatoes, tea,!.nrl nthor vsi vp vnriptipR nf fOOflI UUU WV"V w.Vw-stuffs, that is, rare in tnis latitudeand 'at this time of the year.MOTHER!"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Besf LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most harmless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oPapyrus Dated; 1100 B. C.A papyrus on geometry dated 1100B. C. has been" preserved from ancientEgypt. ' "Odorless Gas HeaterTiWOTWreniriiPtnSWiTFTfl? l!Over 5,000 In UseIn LouisvilleThe proof of tHeir superioritynJVYnsvnninal n-no invtmiminMSee your Plumber or Hardwaredealer for the Genuine Lawson OdorlessHeater. - - 'The.Stove With"THE GLOWINGHEART"T fWD tO.JAMERICANS ABROADIN RED GROSS WORKUnited States Citizens Far AwayEnthusiastic Members of the"fourteenth" Division.Among .the most enthusiastic andenergetic members of the AmericanRed Cross j are those citizens of theUnited States who live outside thecontinental boundaries of their countrysons and daughters of the Stars andStripes residing at the far corners ofthe earth.These people compose the Insularand Foreign Division of the parent organization, generally known as the"Fourteenth"' Division, which hasJurisdiction of all territory outsidethe country proper; that is, Alaska,Porto Rico, Hawaii, Virgin Islands, the jPhilippines, Guam, and even the island of Yap, which came under ourflag as a result of the world war. Forthe year 1920 this division reported j30,808 paid up members.The main object of this division Isto give our citizens everywhere the opportunity to participate in the workof the organization which stands forthe best national Ideals. AmericansIn far places Intensely loyal and patriotic, treasure their membership Inthe Red Cross as the outward expression of their citizenship. ' It is another tie to the homeland and toeach other. There are chapters ofthis division in Argentine, Bolivia,Brazil, Canal zone, Chile, China, CostaRica, Cuba Dominican Republic,Ecuador, England, France, Guam,Guatemala, Haiti, Hawaii, Honduras,Japan, Manchuria, Netherlands, Nicaragua, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines,Porto Ilico, Siberia, Spain, Sweden,Switzerland, Syria, Turkey, Uruguay,Venezuela and Virgin Islands.During the war these scatteredmembers of the Red Cross contributed millions in money, and millionsof.dollars' worth o'f necessary articlesfor the men in service, and sent manydoctors and nurses to France. At thesame time they carried on an excellent Home Service in their respectivecommunities for the families of thosewho had gone to war, and in some regions gave large suras' of money andimmeasurable personal service to therelief of disaster and disease victims.The division is now establishing jservice clubs in foreign ports for thebenefit of sailors in the American Merchant Marine, making plans to aidAmericans in trouble in foreign landsand completing arrangements for giving immedfate adequate relief in caseof disaster.It Is the Fourteenth Division's partIn the great Peace Time program ofthe American Red Cross.AT LAST!Ford Enclosed CarsOn Time!FORDFORDSEDAN $379.38 1ICOUPE358.56Balance12 Months9You can't afford to pass this up, 1and it win only last a snort wnue.Place your order NOW!RUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYflv I X I u v r "Wl "?5Y rr ft ' x vAmWmwiM? ) "i i l "tele phone"RED CROSS ASSISTSDISABLED VETERANSThe American Red Cross is carryingon a wide program of service for thedisabled World War veterans receivingtreatment . in United States" PublicHealth hospitals, and those being trained through agencies of the FederalBoard for Vocational Education.In each of the Public Health Servicehospitals Red Cross workers devotetheir time to the general welfare ofthe service men from the day theyenter the receiving ward until theyate discharged. After the soldier's discharge the Red Cross continues Itsfriendly service through 'the HomeService Section in his own community.The Rd Cross maintains a convalescent house at all of the hospitals,where patients can amuse themselvesafter they are Veil enough to be upand around. Parties and picture showsin the wards are also furnished, withoccasional" excursions when convalescence comes.Great service has been rendered bythe Red Cross in mental cases in Identifying those who have appeared instate hospitals for the insane, and helping them secure compensation due fromthe Bureau of War P.isk Insurance.In the Federal Board's various district offices the Red Cross worker, acting with the Home Service Section,makes necessary loans to the men, arranges suitable living conditlops, helpscollect evidence and supply facts to theBoard, assists in "appealing cases" -andsettles various personal difficulties forthe men. The workers also follow upand aid all men who discontinue training. The Red Cross agents find men "lost"to v the Board, help clear up delayedcases an(l aid the college counselors Intheir friendly work with the men.Many Red Cross chapters have set up Irecreation facilities, and in some instances living clubs, so these victimsof war may have attractive surround-ings and the fun which must go witheffective school work.To the American Red Cross Institutefor the Blind -near Baltimore, Md.,more than hal of all the Americansblinded in the World War have comefor training. .The Institute, throughthe RedCros, long ago conducted anexhaustive industrial survey' to deter-mine the. vocation for which blindmen could be fitted. As. a result It Isputting forth well trained men equipped , to meet the social, civic and economic requirements of their respectivecommunities.1 LOCAL flowe oisuncAmTHTJI!TT3B1iyiJThe TelephoneAn Individual ServiceThe current f cr your electric . light comesfrom the same wires that serve many othersbesides you; water or as can be furnishedyou from the same, mains that also supplymany other customersBut the telephone, with few exceptions, is anindividual serviceThe telephone company must furnish andmaintain a separate circuit all the way from thetelephone exchange to the interior of yourhome or- place ,of business; must furnish andmaintain your telephone instrtimort and wiring; must maintain a special, -separate investment for you alone!Remember that, Mr. Subscriber, -when yenconsider the cost of installing and maintainingyour telephone and the rate thai - i2t bocharged you to make that individual servicepossible."At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co. '(Incorporated)J. J. Vealeh, Dist. Mgr. W.lT. Cannon, Local Mgr.Aid for Spanish Red Croat:The Iberian chapter of 'the AmericanRed Cross, composed" ,of .Americansresident In Spain, has Just. contributed$480 to a fund . being' railed by theSpanish Red Cross: and the-League ofRed Cross Socletfli'for; the purpose ofpiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiinWilliam K. Kagan G- onit Architects - EngineersPAtiy. Ky.FIR..-T NATIONAL BANK". n i n i n u m t : u i n n i n ii i u i m i n i n n i n n u i n i n m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 u n 1 1 1 1 n n 1 1 u i n 1 1 1 M : i 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 : 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 n i t 1 1 1 1 1 1 a 1 1 1 ; t r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1"Bourbon Feed ' Mfg. Co.Iv, P. MITCHELbSuccessor to Perry, McCann & Mitchell-v.HAZARD COAL No. 4No BetterComesMines.Out ofVtheCall In While We Have PlentyiiwniiiiumiHiiuiiBPialSllSISlAMlfAttention, Farmers!ud bv all fence tullrlor f-r ho . !-"ff- m-m.mm. f-Sm-h l,l '.bb. - .ai& IIICSI lSt.aCollierOffice Opptsite Paris TobacceWffWfnyilSvBros. I. v Cumhirlani gintf H7 5IfUfhtlnc ma1aritkXr vs-kV?""" rri'vVfpfvf . A f.M.X,!-rra&-- 4i- J,i .- 'V-.?i'"15n -r-k a. J -a iVtr'AL.r-3&&J..-!u-J&-"vu t ..-vr,-v.?TUESDAY, NOYEMBBR 2,THKBOURBON -NEWS,PARIS, KBOTUCKt. -:" v1--Yob Need StreagthPvEGRETS0 '1to overcome the coughs, colas and ctbtrCtt4rruil Uior-aaco nuiwii. ituavuxohCSJUiy Circuiauou, uuow vuii uiuR-SfteS, lUIiC up UIU UUtClWUilliiUL U1B Bl&gU&tionoicatarrnThen winter-will haveCKf t0lino terUSEDBYn:THOUSANDS?mwAids digestion, re-culates the bowels"clears away all catarrhal inflarhmationl Itbuilds up the strength bv&i enabling the organs concern-TV .d tO TJPOTIPtIv An tlini'r T,.l-vJ Thousands teetifvtnifvnliiai . . . ""Z&yji aiier protracted sickness, aniv?-A attach of Grin or Soanish In-gg. fluenza.iutiuw lueuianc in mehouse for everyday ills.SOLD EVERYWHERE 'TAILETt tR UQUttSIG HUNTING SEASON IS NOWEXPECTEDHunters report the past dove season as the biggest for several years,although this was not anticipatedearly in the season. The r.umbpr ofhunting licenses issued indicatesmany hunters. There. were few arie.tb for violation of the game laws.The qua-1 and rabbit rabbit season isnow close at hand.County Game Warden DouglasThomas and assistants " ill be on thejob this f&Il, and it will go .hardwith violators who may think theyare above the law. In the main thehunters of Bourbon County havebeen law-abiding people, and truesportsmen who scorn to take advantage of the law. They are contentwith a modest day's sport, and arenot "pot-hunters," killing for themere fun of the thing.c"DANDERINE"Girls! Save Your Hair!Make It Abundant!Immediately after a "Danderine"massage, your hair takes on newlife, lustre and wondrous beauty, appearing twice as heavy and painful,because each hair seems to fluff andthicken. Don't let your hair staylifeless, colorless, plain or scraggy.You, too, want lots of long, strong,beautiful hair.A 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" freshens your scalp,checks dandiuff and falling hatr.This stimulating "beauty-tonic"'gives to thin, dull, fading hair thatyouthful brightness and abundantthickness All druggists!(adv-T)oDreaming of Letters.To dream of writing letters to yourfriends is a sign of coining good news;to dream of receiving letters fromfriends indicates some little misfortune to be followed by great happiness. To study belles-letters meanssome pleasurable enjoyment in store.To see a letter carrier denotes newsfrom seme absent one; if his uniformIs complete tlie news will be good;If incomplete, it will vbf disappointing.-Chiqago Herald and Examiner.0 JWhere" Old Servants Are Cared For.A peculiar institution In StockholmIs an "old servants' home," whereeervants too old to work are givenshelter and care In their last days.BRlGHTERcEVENINGSJust HistoryIn76Tlie'CoIonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her questsBy Coal Oil" light.And later on,How time does DassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of-to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has 'Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co;rors.itsilllllllW cSLsalallllK,f&lsViiiiiiim vJHiiiiiiiiiflkv'tfjSfJL 1Wircortftii)SyA ii it (7 i 0 1 " nUXsmI WISH ToGOP 1ViLfcW HAP' FORCEPM6 -f0 SO0 SCHOOL'SCHOOLS STAND STILLEverybody and i everything appearto move forward while the ruralschool stands still. Few; people ridein bugjyes or surries these days; butthe children go to pretty much thesame kind of school their parents attended. That this tendency to let the schoolsstand still is the same in many portions of the country can be seen fromthe following extract from a letterwritten the Bureau of Education atWashington by Governor W. L. Harding, of the great and progressive stateof Iowa :"I spent a week last Septembervisiting one-room country schools. Iwas amazed at the small progress thathad been made in the last 20 years inthese schools. I was equally amazedat tlie interest manifested by the people who supported these schools, doing whatever was necessary to improve them."AUTOS OR SCHOOLS. WHICH?Even big, rich New York City isbeginning to realize .that her schoolsand her teachers are not get'ting a fairdeal. Here is a statement recentlypublished in School Life. It does notspeak 6f rural schools; but the reader can mentally change the figures tosuit his or her local conditions and. theshoe will fit ell right."Of the 2,000,000 new automobilesof the pleasure-car type, valued at approximately $2,000,000,000, that willbe sold in the United States duringthe present calendar year, it is conservatively estimated that New YorkCity alone will purchase 50,000, valued$50,000,000. It Is estimated that there.are in the city of New York 100,XK)chauffeurs, whose salaries will amountto approximately $150,000,000. (Paragecharges (there are 240,000 cars, ap' proximately, in the city) will be notless than $25,000,000, probably muchmore. Certainly a community sthatcan afford to pay nearly a quarter ofa billion dollars a year for pleasurecar service can manage to provide theteachers of its 800,000 children with adecent living, Really, the $36,000,000paid' our teachers for the year" 101 9 isa bagatelle by comparison."1 IWHICH IS MORE IMPORTANT?SCHOOL "PDARPeiec-noNToHWH0LF0TUR6OFpeopieI ' -mm. I m AS I iM IPj-LE fflU A R f flBETTER SCHOOLS IN NORWAYSome of the nations on tlie other'Side of the Atlantic are pushing aheadin iie practical education of their children. Bpside-? school work, childrenare taken on long excursions so theymay become acquainted with whatother people are doing in other localities. All of which proves conclusively that we in America must make ourschools real schools for real 20th Century Children.Tlie following extract from SchoolLife will give the reader an idea ofthese excursions which are being developed for school children in Norway :"Excursions of pupils which weremuch in vogue before the war ar$again conducted and on a much largerscale than formerly. During the summer vacation many of rhevschool buildings are opened as 'travel bureaus.'The seats and desks are moved outor placed out of the way, and theschoolhouse ib equipped as a puphVhotel. 'Folkeskolen reports that anarrangement like the following liasbeen found satisfactory : A certainschoolroom in Stockholm is furnishedwith 22 cots, mattresses, pillows, andblankets, and 6 washbasins. These arrangements accommodate a group of 20pupils, with the 2 teachers in charge.Towels and sheets are brought by thetravelers themselves."Every school in the cities is furnished with a school kitchen. Permission is given to the travelers to usethis and the cooking utensils in preparing breakfast. The midday meal istaken at some of the Inexpensive, andyet very gorfd, hotels that are foundat all principal points. All arrangements are made beforehand, so thateach bureau and hotel 'knows whenevery party is to arrive."Boys and girls travel separately. Ifthe trip is short, it is made on foot ;if longer, tlie boys use bicycles. Trips1to more distant parts requiring 10 daysor 2 weeks are made by rail or steamboat. It is always possible to get verymuch reduced rates for a school excursion. Pupils from different countriesvisit each other in this way ; the present season will bring pupils togetherfrom Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Holland and Germany."PR6S1P6NTM.etGCfiortpe-reMineFOUROFMPW0RLPpoucies -Y .3?-,r i"THE power, the satisfying performance andthe striking utility value' that have characterized Buick models for two decades are againthe dominant features of the'new NineteenTwenty One Buick Series.Combined with this striking serviceability arcbeauty of rounded lines and the comfort ofroominess and smooth riding.which affords theutmost satisfaction.For those desiring every refinement of appointment with general utility, the new BuickSeven Passenger Sedan is admirably fitted.Authorized Buick Service everywhere cooperates with Buick owners. 'Prices. of the New Nineteen Twenty OneBuick SeriesModel Twenty One-FortrModel Twenty One-FortyModel Twenty One-FortyModel Twenty One-FortyModel Twenty One-FortyModel Twenty One-FortyModel Twenty One-Fifty,T. O. B.AvTheC.Cor.WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMCANADIAN WHEAT COMINGIt's a long, long trai, but Canadian wheat is taking it all the wayfrom the wheat fields to CentralCanada, by rail to Vancouver, downthe Pacific coast, fhrough the Panama Canal, and so on to Europetnports.The increase in crop productionmade it impossible to market by theold Great Lakes, St. Lawrence route.Ihe Westward route doubtfullyadopted as a substitute, has proveda practical solution of the difficulty.Rail costs Westward are cheaper becanse ihe gradients are lower:freight cars can be loaded twice asheavily, for the same reason. Carefulinspection has proved that the grainis not injured by the variations oftemperature ii-volved, boats are pier.-tiful, and it hus been estimated thatgrain can actually be transported toLiverpool for three cents a bushelless than by the old Eastern route.Terminal facilities are being enlarged to meec the new demand.It is the beginning of a new andamazing epech in transportationMid it If nev lvoui of the wisdommd foresight of those pioneers whofirst visioned the Panama Canal.DANDERINEStops Hair Coming Out;Thicke'ns, Beautifies.A few " cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you pan not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew Jife, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness. '(adr-T-tf)o- yPersonal Preference. 'A 'ew York man sent his bride mkiss.by wireless. So far as kissing isconcerned' we mnch . preferthe oid-i.uiiu',iiv:u luiruiuu.'Four, three passenger carFire, fire passenger carSix, four passenger coupeSeren, fire passenger sedanEijht, four passenger conpeNine, semen passenger carseren passenger sedaeFadtry, Flint. MuhtganJ179S179S2S852895.298$206S329$rf?ii :S. BallFourth and PleasantlumjiiHiniiniiniinmnfISffWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have tut to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday. vThe ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W.MAIN STREETctww rfatt.mSxasscBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors::III1xTelephone No. 4X1The Bourbon Laundf jo jParis. Kentuckv XiXIXSend That Next Job of Printing to TWBourbon News. Jf est Work; Rtcfct PrteoBnhhmoJSatsjactxmifn7r(B-62)Sts.JJH!fTJT TsiiMiiBslSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEsmifliisiiznisnHIXWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in Jaundry applianceand expert helper we areprepared fa do work inferior to jione,N and solicityour patronage.IIGarage-iN.rTAMV.'r -s..IXIattxS-KVfc-,f?"xv1-;.Jy"A)x- !.v-'.vAa;.N4,Vc1 K,?-.l..- -VW -"O . - "YtfiTP. 71.,rAC EIGHTTHE BOURBONNEWS,parts, gpyruoKYa-VAVmuac ,, r,,'MFOOTBALL GAHES" Tie Cyiithiana High. School foot1I team met defeat at the hands ofthe Paris High School eleven on the3oal grounds. McClintock Field, onWinchester street, Friday afternoon.in ariiard fought contest. The finalscore was 7 to 0, being Paris' gameat all stages. The teams were al?Koef evenly snatched, both putting$ a game strugg"lineup was a followsJ&coby. McCann, Rose, Wright, Dunr'.on, Adair, McClintock, Tucker andOonnell. -On the same field the same afternoon, as a preliminary fo the bisgame, the second team of the Partes&gh. 'School suffered defeat by theleven from the Massie School for.,MATRIMONIAL.-The following announcementshave been issued:have been issued: "Mr. anlMrs. Robert ' Fulton Guthrie,have the honor of announcing tho0-rr P- 'I'llP. Kfl.rtS I , P !,.-.; ict0 Onharfq" -" III-iIIIIt- III I1C11 riJLCl LJUU1 L CIStern, Taylor, Holloway, to Mr. Anthony Morse, on.Tuesday, the twenty-sixth of October, one thousand nine hundred andtwenty, at Raceland, near Pari?,Bourbon County, Kentucky."LATHAM HOPKINSMiss Lydia Latham, oflick, and Win. Hopkins, ofMays-nearBoys of Lexington, a new factor in j Maysville, came to Paris, and securedthe school .athletic field The scoreat the final reckoning was 26 to 0.Tke Lexington team was ttrong onoffensive plays. All touchdowns-were scored m she first half. Paristightened up in the second half, and-hrir the Lexinsrton team inring the last two quarters, uoi3ier starred for the Paris team. TheParis lineup was as follows: B. Collier Fiehtmaster, Price, Dundon,Itelzell, Quinn, Adajms, Tucker,Cabal, Arnsparger and W. Collier.tip Paris Hieh School team villmarriage license. They were married later at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Ashby Leer, in Millersburg by. Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. After the cere-mnnv Afr u-nil TVTtb TTnnlrixia rptllTTIPilcnecHfto tne home of the groom, wherethey will reside.MARR BOARD.Robert H. Marr, ofjur. and MrsLaw renceburg, have made announcement of the engagement of theirplay the Carlisle High School eleven daughter, Miss Nell Hardipran Marr.L the Carlisle grounds not Friday to Mr. William Lyons Board of thisReturns of the November ElectionsFull andCompleteReceived Over Direct .Wire. If You are a Democrat or a Republican, Come Tonight (Tuesday, Nov. 2nd)mm iA IAW Mm Uwm9jmWgwmMiemwA WM mmwfM Wk H H kmmW mm( TJiBATRE2:00 to 5:301ANDI1 AmtA I J7:00 to 1 0:30wm rt. 111 X. .afternoon, November &. rney wm u-j ,accompanied to the capital of Nicholas by a large crowd of P. H. s.-rooters.A stogie is one of the few thingsikat travel on their merits and notaa appearances.Japan has a man-faced crab, whichjfe a far pleasanter possession than i"-rrabbed-faced man.city. The wedding wil taKe placein Lawrenceburg about the middleof this month. The bride-elect is acultured and charming younsAvd'man. Mr. Board is the son of Mr?.Wm. E. Eoard, formerly -f Paris,and is a mepnber of the Big FourMotor Co., one of the substantialautomobile and garage firms of thiscity. He was- for .some time in tbeoffice of the Paris Gas & ElectricCo.TODAY, TUESDAY ,MADGE KENNEDYin "Help Yourself"AlsoStuart Holmes and Miss Frankie Mannin "TRAILED BY THREE"And Rathe NewsELECTION RETURNSDirect Wire to Stage off OperaHouseTomorrow, WednesdayBILLIE RHODESIN"THE BLUE BONNET"ALSOJOE RYAN and JEAN PAIGEin "Hidden Dangers"(12th Episode)and "Topics of the Day5Thursday, Nov. 8thROBERT WARWICKIN"Thou Art the Man"A Paramount-Artcraft Picture.Also a Capitol Comedy"HIS WIFE'S HUSBAND"and Pathe NewsAdmission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon, and EveningHow AboutYour Eyes?Can You Read with EaseSAGESBR KIELY.The -wedding of Mrd. NanrieSageser, fifty-five, and Joseph Kiely,forty-five both residents of Paris,RELIGIOUS.Rev. C. W. Elsey, pastor of theCynthiana Baptist church, filled thepulpit at the Paris Baptist churchwas solemnized at six o'clock, Satur 7-r: thul 'kZ .fa i o !, nh.n f ti,a the Pans church, is conducting avicvjr nuiuiiih au cue vn ti .u wx "v .'nrntrnntoH rnonHno- in HarpionnBIRTHS.Annunciation, in this city. The ,i"Wther Thomas Coleman, pastor of thechurch. The attendants were Mr.and Mrs. Dan Jordan, of Paris.The eroom is a son of Mrs. EllenC. Kiely, snd brother of Miss MaryKiely, of Paris. He has betn in theshoe business here for several years,succeeding his father, the late JohnKiely. The bride is a daughter ofPat Comack, of Paris. She is themother of Mrs. J. H. Vanarsdale. formerly of Paris, who for some tipnewas assistant ticket agent in the 1.& N. office atStation, in Lexington.Do you need glasses?Do your old ones needchanging?'If so, consult our "EyeSpecialist.All workteed.guaranYARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phonesmeetin?Tho. Girls' Missionary Circle ofthe Methodist church served a courtday dinnner yesterday in the officesof the Paris Realty Co., realizing anice sum. The menu served comprised roast beef, potatoes, oysters,vegetable soup, sandwiches, pies,coffee.The annual week of prayer isbeing observed by the Women's Mivsionary Society of the Paris Metho-'dist church. Services were held atI the church yesterday, and will bethe Central Untol '- continued through to-day and Wed-Mr. and Mn. i . j ..,.,s vii Ti rw rt t- it rt i? - nLTuriruii ii rni ti 11111KlLf;oaphoncron aet the Southern' Presbyterian church asat their home on Ferguson street. Forelgn Mls8lon Sunday. All pastorso in their sermons urged the importance of foreign pnissions, ana inmany of the Sunday schooiS specialprograms were carried out in whicht subject was emphasized..T.be Wilmore Baptist church,recently completed at a cos. of $15,-In Fayette county, to the wifeof Jos. Houston, a son Mr. and Mrc.Houston formerly resided near Paris.In Columbus. Ohio, to the wifeof Harold D. Johnson, formerly ofParis, a daughter, christened EdithLeverne Johnbon.YOUTHFUL CRAPSHOOTERSCAUGHT IN ACT.AELELECTION RETURNS ATCOURT HOUSEElection returns, coming over aleased viro of the Associated Press,and received and transmitted by expert operators, will be read in thecourt house Tuesday night. Specialaccommodations will be reserved forladies. Only the moi-t reliable bulletins will be given. Admission, SOcents.Johnston'sChocolatesREVOLVER RECOVERED.PICTUHE PROGRAM AT GRANDGRAND AND ALAMOTo-day, November 2 Madge Kennedv. in "Heln Yourself:' StuartHolmes and Frankie Mann, 000 was dedicated Sunday. The detiserial, "Trailed By Three,Pathe News. Election returns willbe read from the stage at the Grandfrom bulletins received direct overspecial wire.To-imcrrow, Wednesday, November3 Billie Rhodes, in "The Blue Bonnet;" Joo Ryan and Jean Paige, inserial, "Hidden Dangers;" Topics ofThe Day.Warwick, inETAOIN TAOIN NNNThursday, November 4 RobertWarwick, in "Thou Art The Man;"Canitol Comedy, "His Wife's Hus-iband;" Pathe News.r v Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonr ariS, K.y. and evening.flSBB trather i' nn id::-YJSS8&Phonographsand .RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE! NO CHANGE!DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M. E. PRUITMillersburKy.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.imtnrv MrmnTi wjvr tirMnhpn hv TirrJ. W. Porter, of Lexington! A choirfrom the Baptist Orphan's Home, at.Glendale. under the direction of D.E. Moore, rendered a program ofmusical selections.In order to raise fund? for thepurpose of educating and clothinga little boy in the mountains of Kenlucky, the Sunshine Circle of theJunior Department of the Presbyterian church gave a social in thechurch parlors last Thursday night.The admission waslaced at flftee-ncents, which entitled each, one to refreshments and to take pat in thevarious games. A niwmher of boothr.were in charge of children, wherevarious articles were disposed of, thewhole bringing :n a neat sum forthe fund.Through an advertisement placedin THE NEWS a few days ago, BooneBaldwin, of Baldwin Bros., recovereda fine revolver which had been lost.The weapon was brought to THENEWS office by a small boy, whosaid he found it on the floor of thecovered " bndge over Stoner, at thufoot of 'Main street. The gun waslost from Mr. Baldwin's machine enroute to Millersburg. Mr. Baldwii.had given the gun up as lost, andwas greatly pleased to recover it. vIt is not always the colored lover Sof craps v.hc gets into the toils ofThe law. True to the coloredbrother V comes as natural to "rollthe bones" as it does to love yellowlegged chicken, Edt, what westarted cut to say, to use some ofLuke McLuke's thunder, is this.Four white bovs. raneins: ir aeri:J from ten to fourteen yeas, wereTHE 'cau&nt in tne act of indulging in agame or craps Saturday aiternoon in.front of a local clothing store. Theboys were having a good time all tothemselves when suddenly the mai-esty of the law, represented in the Authenticnerson of Patrolman 0?orrp W iJudy, swooped down-on them and ', Quintette Assortment 1.75gathered them in. The officer confiscated the dice and the few coinslepresenting the play.The boys were taken beforeCounty Judge George Batterton,who imposed fines and costs on treyouthful bone-tossers. Their parentscame to the rescue, the fines werepaid and the beys taken home.The Appreciated CandiesWe carry a full line at ell times.and receive it fresh every week:Assorted Nnts In Cream $1.75Selection 1.50That Package 3 .75The above packages contain assortments to suit every taste FruitCreams, Nut Pieces, Hard CenterChocolates, Caramel Nougat, Taffy,Butterscotch and many others. Comeand let us show you.inWe see by the cables that harjnony between France and Italy hasbroken out again.One way to. enlist the support of aman for any movement is to let him,run for it.R. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHARMACYPhones 80. Paris, Ky .UPCITY TAXES DUE. PAYNOW! xThe city tax lists have beenturned over to me for collection. Your taxes are now dueand payable. Call and settlesame promptly at my office atthe Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company. ,C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(octl-tf)Hl twsnudb--: - sf XWmHB S!! - htn?fii sfafyL & lelsffH MWB&toyjut?iL i rJo. Willi amsqkPipelesjs lffiffi3 i"OaCR r$eJML ctfrrJ I WjgM)! flv) f JJ-II '3,,l'w'?,'w'wr Wf&mmm!wi egggfgfrA-jf Itfc'JU "HwygwtgaagwgSMfeBmmWmWmmWmmWm:Waif- y1?A. S. Best & Co.nBoth Phones 33GREATER VALUESTHAN EVERAt Our Economy StoreQuality FootwearAlmost at Pre-War Prices!l3SiI0kM 1Join the crowds of wise andlthrifftyshoppers this week and you will saveone-third of your shoe money.Ladies7 English Lace Boots., of Soft Kidleather. Medium low heels. A $6.00 shoe.On Sale at $399Ladies High Quality Fall Shoes in Tanand Black Kid. $8.00 values.Sale Price $5.95Boys' and Youths' $5.00 School and DressShoes. Sizes 1 to 5 1-2.Special at. $3.49Men's Mahogany Tan and Gun MetalShoes. Values to $8.00.Special at $3.99Men's 47.00 Gun Metal-ShoesSpecial at.. $4.95Ladies' Mahogany and Black Kid LaceBoots. New Fall Styles. A $7.00 shoe.On Sale at ....:.$4.95Ladies' and Growing Girls' Low' HeelGun Metal Lace English Boots, $6.00 values.Sale Price $4.00Misses' and Children's $400 English LaceBoots. All sizes.Special at - $2.99Menls $6.00 Dress Gun Metal Shoes,Special at $3.99Infants' Patent and Kid Shoes, very softflexible soles, Tan xand White Kid Tops.Sizes 1 to 5.Special at .. .-..". $1.697-DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beautyand Economy ReignPhone. 33 4 . (26oc-8t) ;. Mmcrhtirg. knLnrkv l . " "' " " S fl J' -ft g - ,., ft , ,., J