TTSAri- .THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IK THE YEAR..AVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3 1920MV- 1VJAREGARDING OPENING OF MOVIES ON SUNDAY."There is a growing sentiment inParis in favor of opening the moviepicture houses on Sunday afternoon,and, as a matter of course, therewill be protests against such proceeding. THE NEWS has heard inthe past few days unqualified endorsement of the project, from citizens who are in favor of allowingfree Americans to choose their forpaimd time of entertainment.Lexington movie houses make astrong bid for patronage of Parispeople by advertising on the screenat the Paris Grand and the Alamo,the pleasures to be derived fromspending a Sunday afternoon in theLexington movie picture houses.Why not permit Paris people topend an enjoyable two hours onSunday afternoon in their ownhepne town in an innocent amusement? The plea is made in favor of "permitting the Sunday afternoon opening that it would afford a chancefor entertainment for the workmenwho spend six days a week at theirlabor and who are generally toolired at night to visit the movies.Sunday being their only day for recreation, an hour or two at thmovies in the afternoon would constitute t diversion for them.In speaking of the jmatter, a Parisbusiness man said to THE NEWSman: "I go to church every Sundaymorning and evening, and reallyenjoy it. My conscience would nothurt me in Uie least by attending amoving picture program in the afternoon, as I can see absolutely noharm in thus spending an hour ortwo. And I believe hundreds ofother Paris people hold this sameopinion."The jmatter as yet has not takenconcrete form, and the city authorities have not been approached inregard to it. The suggestion hasmerely been made that the Sundayafternoon opening would be pleasing to a large number of workerswho are liberal in their views, andwho believe they ought to have thesame chance that Lexington, Louisville, Covington, Newport, Frankfort and other places have.PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, February 3George Walsh, in "The Beast;" William Duncan in "Smashing Barriers:" Sunshine Comedy, "The Roaming Bathtub."To-morrow, Wednesday, February4 Marguerite Clark, in "Widow ByProxy;" Bray Pictrograph; Topicsof The Day; Prizma Colorpicture,'Glacier Park."Thursday, February 5 OliveThomas, in "Out Yonder;" PatheReview;" Vod-a-Vil Movies.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoon and evenings.PFRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERS ,ANNUALClearance SaleBegins Saturday, Jan. 31GREAT REDUCTIONSONSUITS, COATSWAISTS, SKIRTSREMNANTSof all kindsExtra SpecialsBest Quality Apron Gingham 25c yd.lO yards of above specials to each customerSPECIAL SALE. -Early Spring ShowingSUITS, DRESSES AND COATSSILKS, FANCY VOILES, WHITE GOODS: AND DRESS GINGHAMSFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSTHE AMERICAN LEGION INAUGURATES CAMPAIGNThe American Legion intends to.make a country-wide campaignfremi Febri uary 1 to February 22for members. In accordance withthis program ihe Bourbon Post, ofPalis, will push the campaign tothe limit of the ability of the present small membership.It cannot be too heartily iimpressed on the ex-service man inthe county that there is nc militaryobligation connected with the Americans who serx-ed their country inihe great war and still have workto do in peace; work that will benefit their communities fully as muchas it will benefit the members. The.creed of the Legion is the very epitome of an untainted Americanism.No man who lives up to that creedcan be other than a good citizen.The enemies of the United Statesare not all dead, and they are .notall in chains. The American Legion is the best and strongest forcein existence to combat the unpatriotic. If you are a former sailor, soldier, or marine, and read this, makeit your business to be present at themeeting to be held in the courthouse at 7:30 o'clock, on Fridaynight, February 6. Give a hand inThe good work. The Legion needsyou and you need the Legion. Ifyou who read aie a relative of oneof those who wore the khaki or theblue and there are few who havenot such a relative bring this tohis attention and ask him to makeIt his business to attend. Thisbody deserves the support of everygood American in the county.A MONEY-SAVING PROPOSITIONFOR THE THRIFTY FARMERIf you want to save money onWagons, Buggies, Farm Implements,Harness, Saddles, Fence, and in factanything you need for the farm,come in. We have best assortmentof goods to fill the farmer's needs inCentral Kentucky.(U) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.HAS EYE REMOVEDFor some time Dr. Wm. Iv. Dudley has been afflicted with an affection of the eyes, causing him considerable pain and annoyance. Several days asro he went to the Dr.Holmes Hospital, in Cincinnati, After an exhaustive examination, thephysicians decided an operationwould be necessary. Dr. Dudley'sleft eye wras removed, in order tosave the sight of the other eye. Dr.Dudley returned to his home nearParis, Saturday, and is getting alongvery nicely.ON TOWELSTOBACCO MARKETStThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesterday on thefloors of their Bourbon House atotal of 171,670 pounds of tobaccofor a money value of $78,581.27, afloor average of $45.76. Pricesranged from two cents to $1.08 perpound. Some of the best cropaverages are as follows:Stewart & Ham, 4,485 pounds, average $89.96.ICeller & Laughlin, 3,170 pounds,overage ?66.55.Calvert & Sword, 2,755 pounds,average $65.53.Ardery & Gay, 2,495 pounds, average ? 6 1.1 7.Simms & Huffaker, 3,930 pounds,average $60.35.Gay & Hensley, 11,295 pounds,average $59.19.Henry & Peterson, 6,815 pounds,average $58.50. ,Burris & Botts, 3,800 pounds, average $53.69. ILair & Buckner, 3,325 pounds,average $50.83.Harney & Son, 1,985 pounds, average $55.49.Burris & Hall, 3,870 pounds, average $53.67.Roy Byrd, 8,020 pounds, average$76.33.Byrd & Cooper, 6,940 pounds, average S70.08.Burris & Henderson, 4,280pounds, average $50.44.Buckner & January, 2,955 pounds,average $55.41.Receipts of tobacco being abovethe average Friday and Saturday allthe warehouses had full floors foryesterday's sales. The low gradespredominated and the averages heldup well. The Independent TobaccoWarehouse Company sold during thepast week a total of 435,445 poundsof the weed, vhich brought in amoney return of $193,678.45, a flooraverage of $39.89. For the seasonthese houses have sold a total of 3,t274,960 pounds of tobacco -for anaggregate of $1,652,023.06, a seasonaverage of $50.44. Figures fromthe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany for their week and seasonstales were not obtainable.Sales were blocked Friday at theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse' aftera total of 314,420 pounds of tobacco had been disposed of for a moneyvalue of $51,200.50, a floor averageof $44.74. The market was generally satisfactory. One of thebeat?crops of the sale -was that of Atch-'ison & Markland, 4,280 pounds,bringing an average of $96.06."FEIVOLITIES OF 1920" ATGRAND SATURDAY.With the incomparable funnycomedian, Billy Clark, and the fascinating Ruth Goodwin in one of theleading roles, "The Frivolities of1920," -which has taken Lexingtontheatre-goers by storm, will be theattraction at the Paris Grand OperaHouse, next Saturday night,February 7.Capacity houses have greeted every performance of this company inLexington, and the press noticesfrom such able critics as Enoch Grehan, of the Lexington Herald, andJohn Marsh and James M. Ross, ofthe Lexington Leader, put the giltedged stamp of approval on the company and their productions. Sharing honors with the principals isitfis? Victoria, Oliver Adams, PatsyShelley, Lilly Lewis, Peggy Lathrop.Gladys Bagley, and many others,whose najmes have become familiarones to theatre-goers. CatherineSchultz, ingenue, has a fine voice,and is making a hit with her songs.The Grecian dances rendered byTanya Kuprin, also make a big hitwith the audiences.The Frivolities Company comeshighly recommended for pure worth,and should be greeted with a largeand representative Bourbon countyaudience. As the name indicates, itis an amusement and fun producer,pure and sample, and makes no pretensions to being anything else.At The Paris Grand next Saturdaynight. February 7.EARLY SHOWING OF SPRINGGOODS.Early showing of SpringGouds, White Goods, FancyVoiles and Dress Ginghams atFrank & Go's.(jan30-2t)SLIGHT AUTO ACCIDENTWhile coming out of Houstonfvenue into Second street at noonSaturday, an auto driven by FrankCollier collided with the arch at theentrance to the bridge. The machine was badly damaged, and asmall boy who was riding with Mr.Collier was slightly injured. He received a deep gash in the chin" fromflying glass when the windshield'vos broken. Mr. Collier was uninjured. The boy .was taken homeand his injuries given attention.CAN'T BO A GOOD TURN.1st Clas- Scout: Did you readabout the scout who swallowed histeaspoon?Tenderfoot: No; what happenedto him?1st Class Scout: Oh, he ' can'tstir. --.." .CHURCH PEOPLE GET BUSY DIGGING. Impiovejments estimated to costapproximately ?7,000, have beenplanned and will be made to theParis Baptist church,' the weatherpermitting. The improvementshave been made necessary by reasonof an increased attendance in theSunday School, necessitating moreroqms.A new Sunday School room witha capacity of two hundred, in thebasement will be added to thechurch, in order to take care of theoverflow from the main room. Armed with, picks and shovels abouttwenty members of the church, under the direction of Rev. ArthurFox, pastor of the church, have beenbusy doing the excavating for thenew addition. Coffee, pies andsandwiches are served the workersby the wojmen of the congregation.The work is being vigorously prosecuted each day from six o'clock tonine in the evening.TO RECOVER MACHINE STOLENIN PARIS.The automobile belonging to thelate Elmer Myers, of Paris, whichwas stolen in Lexington severalmonths ago, has been lecated in Cincinnati. Mrs. Myers went to thatcity last week arid identified the machine. Mr. Myers and a party of friendsattended a theatrical performance inLexington, leaving their machineparked on a side street. When theycame out the auto was missing.The police were informed, as well asthe Paris police. Chief of PoliceFred Link received information thatthe machine had been located inCincinnati. He visited Cincinnatiand partly identified the machine asMr. Myers', Mrs. Myers' completingthe identification.oTEN BABY FARMS AT PUBLICAUCTION.Watch for advertisement in Fridays NEWS of 10 Baby Farms forsale at auction on February 14th at1:30 o'clock. Property is known asClarence Wright Farm and is owned by Matt Lair and W. S. Haggard.oTHE AMOUNTReceived from the county,city and pay patients is notsufficient to run the Hospital.Give cheerfully.BR. SPENCER CELEBRATES HISTWENTY-HFTH ANNI-VERSARY.Rev. I. J. Spencer, D. D., LL. D.,of Lexington, father of Mrs. Wm.B. Ardery, Jr.. of Paris, recentlycelebrated his 25th year as pastor ofthe Central Christian Church atLexington. The son of Quaker parents, Dr. Spencer graduated fromBathany, the West Virginia Collegeof the Christian church, and sincehis graduation has been a ministerof that church. He is greatly interested in Transylvania and the College of the Bible and a loyal supporter of both institutions. He hasbeen prominent on the big boardsof the church, and is one of the fore,most citizens of Lexington, havingalways taken great interest in civicaffairs.AUTOMOBILE COLLIBES WITHTELEPHONE POLE.In endeavoring to turn her machine to the side of the road so as toavoid collision with a farm wagonnear the intersection of the Humeand Bedford and the Lexingtonpikes Friday afternoon, Miss SaraDaniel was slight-' injured whenthe car skidded, colliding with a telephone pole. Miss Daniel wasthrown against the steering wheelby the force of the collision. Hernose was broken and she sustainedslight bruises, none of a serious nature. The car was badly damaged.Miss Daniel was removed to herhome on Fifteenth street, whcie herinjuries received attention.THE COSTEverything the Hospital hasto buy costs 2 1-2 times what itwas in 1914. How can theykeep it open unless you help?M. M. I. QUARANTINEDThe Millersburg Military Institute is quarantined against influenza, pneumonia and scarlet fever,as a precaution against an outbreakcf ihose diseases in the school.Theie is not a case of either disease in the building or ajmong thestudents. There are 103 boys boarding in the building now, as the day.pupils have been provided rooms, sotheie will be no danger from thatsource. There is a well-equipped'hospital and a trained nurse incharge, and everyone ..will have thebest of care. The M. M. I. wasquarantined last year against theinfluenza and had no cases of thatmalady among the students..oPRICES STILL SOARING SEE USAND SAVE" MONEY."Everything you need for the farmis advancing. We will save youmoney on Buggies, Harness, Wagone, any kind of Farm Machinery yonwant. We are agents for the Oliverand John Deere lines. Watch forour big advertisement next week.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSWallace TV. Mit.rh11 nf thP- Farm.iers' and Traders' Bank, sold to W.ii. woods, an acre of land locatedon Lilleston avenue, for $1,200.James Wiljmott, of Hutchison,sold at private sale to a Harrisoncounty man, his farm located nearHutchison, containing 145 acres, for$315 an acre.Auctioneer George D. Speakessold at public auction Saturday onthe premises in Nicholas county, insix tracts, the 425-acre farm belonging to Wm. Legge, for $76,400.Bishop & Flora sold to T. J.Craft, for H. A. Richards, an unimproved larm of twenty acres, locatedon the Jackstown pike, for $525 anacre, for possession in March.The Stanhope Wiedemann farm,on the Georgetown pike, which wassold some time ago, was resold lastweek, the purchaser ' being D. G.Taylor, of Paris. Mr. Taylor paidabout $500, or a total of $75,000 forthe home place, containing 152acres, with the handsome residence.Harold Hill, of Millersburg, purchased last week, through the E. M.Thomason Real Estate Agency, ofthat city, seventy-five acres of un-f improved land, lying on the Arderypike, belonging to J. M. Mason, for$20,000. Mr. Hill will get possession in March.Matt Lair and J. J. Haggard purchased of Clarence Wright, one hundred acres of unimproved land, apart of the Ogden farm, lying on theParis and Clintonville pike, nearParis, for ?425 an acre. The newowners will subdivide the tract andsell it in small farms at public salesoon.William Lyle, as agentr for theowners, sold to Carl Wilmoth andothers the old Walsh distillery property, located on the North Middletown pike, near Paris, for about$10,000. It is said that the owfterawill raze the buildings and dispospof the lumber. The" grpunds ,vandthe other buildings on the place willbe sold.The handsome city home of Mr.and Mrs. S. Kenney Nichols, at thecorner of Hierh and Thirteenth.advertised in THE NEWS to be sold;!at- public sale, Saturday afternoon, jwas offered and withdrawn. The jhighest bid reached was that of j$6,225, made by Richard H. Wills, 'of Paris. Unless sold privately the iproperty will probably be ofterettagain at public sale.Through the Bishop & Flora realestate agency Walter Martin soldWE KNOW HOWHere's a Boy's . GarmentThat's ReallyG UARANTEEDThe Guarantee Tag locked with aleaden seal on every "LEATHER1ZED"suit says: "Satisfaction or your moneyis yours againtjCeatherizedGUARANTEED SUITS FOR BOYSLined at elbows, pockets, seats ' andknees with fine, soft, real leather. Fabrics all wool, patterns nifty, -stylessnappy and tailoring the best. Idealfor school wear. Sizes 6 to 18 years.HEREAnd Nowhere Else in Town.Let Us Show You TO-DAY!MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREDAMAGE SUIT ITLEB IN BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTA suit has been filed in the Bourbon Circuit Court by Attorney DenteDundon, representing Wm. H. Whaley. Jr., of Paris, against Wm. A.Hamlen, representing Julius Kessler & Co., of Louisville, for $10,000damages, for alleged non-fulfillmentof a contract of sale.The plaintiff in his petition alleges that, on January 26, 1920, thedefendant sold to him for 13,000,the property known as the Walshdistillery containing about ten acresof ground, located on the North Middletown pike, near Paris. He alleges that a contract was executed anddelivered to hipi, the money to bepaid in cash on receipt of deed to-the.property. It is further claimed thatthe defendant has refused and failedto deliver the property to the plaintiff, and that at the present time itis valued at about $23,500. Theplaintiff therefore asks for damagesin the sum of $10,000, with interestand proper relief.In connection with the above public announcement has been madethat Wm. A. Hamlen, representingJulius Kessler & Co., had sold theabove-mentioned property to CarlWilimoth, and his sister, Mrs. Robt.Goggin, both of Paris, for a sumsaid to be in the neighborhood of$15,000. It is said that negotiationsare under way to resell the propertyto a manufacturing company in theEast, who will erect a branch establishment on the site. , JTto J. W. Kenton, of Nicholas county,his home on West Eighth street, for$4,000. Mr. Martin has purchasedthe home of Mrs. Pearl Crajm, located on Walker avenue, and will occupy ft. The same agency sold to R.Hammons, of the county, the A.Adami cottage, located on Nineteenth street, at a private price, forpossession in March.George D. Speakes, auctioneer, - ofthe real estate finm of Harris &Speakes, of Paris, conducted thepublic sale Friday of the KirtleyShropshire farm in Scott county, forthe sales agents. C. E. Buckley,. T.C. Geary and Chas. Conners, ot Lexington. The farm was sold in fivetracts, for a total of $151,000, anaverage of $247 an acre for the 625.acres. The five tracts sold as follows: Tract No. 1, 192 acres, tc.W. B. Harp, for $5T,057i Tract No.2, 169 acres, to Orville Rankin, for$41,418; Tract No. 3, 46 acres; toH. L. Hart, for $13,510;' Tract So.4, 88 acres, to W. E. Coleman, for$22,087; Tract No. 5, 137 acres, toStuart Urmston, for $20,5o0. Thesale was extensively, advertised inTHE BOURBON NEWS.HMUUkM'mw'IK!.ft.:i-!VMillliHmfMmmtk-kMi''.illm:itill'tinp!:r1ai Mt 'i')vtidrftrIhIi!i'i1WvyiPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1920TIUriM BOURBON NEWSEitablislied 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationPiblished Every Tuesday and FridayXer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.CEntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.).Any erroneous reflection upon the'character, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlyeorrected if brought to attention ofiKe editor.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. GhicaKO lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertftch for first time; 60 cents per inchMch subsequent insertion...Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in black$n 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries andv resolutions, andotaiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise -tBftntsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedia.decllne any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officestut invariably be accompanied bykt- cash.HEW YORK ALUMNI OF TRAN, : SYLVANIA TO MEETThe" Neyv York Alumni of Transylvania College will give a dinnerrn honor of President R. H. Crossfield, of - the college, January 31.General George B. Duncan, recentlyreturned from Europe, and wholeaves for his new post at Seattleihe following day, will be a guest ofhonor, as well as one of the alumniin.- attendance. James Lane Allen,famous Kentucky author, also aTransylvania Alumnus, who residesin New York City, has accepted aninvitation to attend the dinner, conditioned upon his health permitting.Mr. Allen has not been strong forsometime, but hopes to be with hisold class at dinner."syrSpofrgs"ISLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsErom Stomach, Liver and. ,... BowelsAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour Child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittMte. Full directions for child'siose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)1 oSERIOUS NEWSPAPER SHORTAGE AGAIN!American newspapers in the Middle West apparently will be 10 percent, short on their supply of paper,the State Department announced asthe result of an embargo placed bythe Canadian Government oh allshipments of news print paper tothe United States from the plant ofthe Port Francis Company, anAmerican-controlled concern inWestern Ontario.oNO GREAT ACT OF HEROISM REQUIRED. If some great act of heroism was.necessary to protect a child fromcroup, no mother would hesitate toprotect her offspring, but when it isonly necessary to keep at hand a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand give it as soon as the first indication of croup appears, there themany who neglect it. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is within the reachall and is prompt and effectual.(adv-jan)LAXATIVECHILDPROFITEERS - AJTD WHY THEYPROFIT.There is much noise being madejust now by the Federal Departmentof Justice. District attorneys andtheir subordinates are telling whatrhey are going to do to profiteersif they can only find the profiteersA Washington correspondentpointed them out recently: "Profiteering occurs between the producerand the consumer, with the weightof evidence showing that everyhandler of food products sets ashare." Can anybody doubt that thisj- c tan oiaicmciii Ul Hie taSS Williif "profiteering" is to be defined asthe taking of profits larger than hadbeen customary before the war andlarger than were necessary to givea fair return for the service rendered, practically every merchant incountry has been is now a profiteer.Nor are the merchants the onlypersons to whom the war and its resultant upsetting of business practices and traditions brought increased profits. The manufacturing interests have made sums almost beyond comprehension; the farmershave, in most cases, secured profitsfar above normal from their farming. Everybody has been profiteering in a sense, except the people living on stationary '.salaries or fiyedincomes. When readjustmentcomes, however, and the industrialspree is over it will almost certainlybe found that a great mass of wealthhas been transferred from the pockets of the classes in between. Thereal profiteering has been in the processes of distribution, and this istrue of most other things as well asfoodstuffs.Now, any outcry against "middlemen" as a class will get us nowhere.They have been doing simply thething they have been trained andexpected to do that is, they havebeen getting all they could out oftheir business. They are no more tobe blamed for doing it than the restof us are, even though they havebeen making things pretty hard forseme of the rest of us while doing it.Nor will they be stopped from doingit by anything the Department ofJustice can do.It is the system that is wrong.The men who transfer the necessarycommodities of life from producer toconsumer should not be men workingsolely for their own interests, and sointerested in (making the processesof distribution just as expensive aspossible. They should be agents ofeither the producer or the consumers, working to make and paid formaking, these processes just as inexpensive as possible.Of course, no such radical changein our business institutions is goingto be brought about in a few months- not even in a few years or a fewdecades. It can be started, however; and every step toward it willnot only reduce the actual cost ofthe processes of distribution, butwill make it harder for the distributors to take more than a fair wagetor their work. If the energy thatis being put into this anti-profiteeringcrusade could be turned to thepromotion of co-operative buying onthe part of tbe consumer it mightcreate less cqmmotion, but it woulddo immeasurably more good.Cheaper processes of distributionmust be worked out by the partiesinterested the producers and theconsumers. The distributors arenot going to work them out; thereis no reason why they should. Iffarmers do not want better marketssufficiently to organize to get them,if consigners do not desire cheaperfood sufficiently to combine to buythem, things are likely to continuejust about .is they are.0-....-..---..--' ...........,I STOMACH ONA STRIKE-."". J.S"Pape s Diapepsin" putsSour, Gassy, Acid Stomachsin order at once IIf1Wonder what upset your stomachwhich portion of the food did thedamage do you? Well, don'tbother. If your stomach is in a revolt: if sick, gassy and upset, andwhat you just ate has fermentedand turned sour; head dizzy andaches; belch gases and acids andeructate undigested .- food just eata tablet or two of Pape's Diapepsinto help neutralize acidity and in fiveminutes you wonder what became ofthe indigestion and distress.If your stqmach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your feed is a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless antacid isPape's Diapepsin, which costs so little at drug stores. (adv)o-'THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE.When a druggist finds xhat hiscustomers all speak of a certainpreparation, he forms a good opinionof it and when in need of such amedicine is almost certain to use ithimself and in his family. This iswhy so many druggists use and recommend Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. J. 15. Jones, a well knownlruggist of Cuburn, Ky., says, "Jhave used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy in piny family for the pastseven years, and have found it to bethe best cough medicine I have everknown.". (adv-jan)LET "DANDERINE"BEAUTIFY HAIRpirls ! Have a mass of long,thick, gleamy hairLet "Danderine" save your hairand double its beauty. You canhave lots of long, thick, strong,lustrous hair. Don't let it stay lifeless, thin, scraggy or fading. Bringback its color, vigor and vitality.Get a 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" at any drug or toiletcounter to freshen your scalp; checkdandruff and falling hair. Yourhair needs this stimulating tonic,,then its life, color, brightness andabundance will return hurry!(adv)oIt doesn't do much good to tell agirl you would die for her unless youflash your life insurance policy.For the. best Metal andComposition Roofing at theright price call at Mrs.Templin's Paint Store, 1330South Main Street, Paris, Ky.(till marl-T)For SaleA first-class 60-in. Roll Tod officedesk. A bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(19-tf)INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS L.EAVELexington TorParisA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20Paris ForLexingtonA. M. . 6:45A. M.A. M.A. M.7:15x&:159:45A. M.11.501:202:504:206:007:209:10A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15M.M.P. M.P. M.P. M. 11:00P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYNotice of SaleOF THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS($30,000.00) WORTH OF SEWERBONDS OF THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY.The City of Paris, Kentucky, willoffer for sale to the highest bidderat the Council Chamber in said city,on Thursday, February 12, at 8o'clock, p. m., 1920, Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) worth ofsewer bonds bearing date of March1, 1920, and maturing at the rate ofThree Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00)per year from November 1, 1920, toend inclusive of Novqmber 1, 1929.The said bonds were authorized bya vote of the people at the November election, 1919.Interest, five per cent, payablesemi-annually, on the first of Mayand November, and both principaland interest payable in gold coin ofthe present standard of weight -andfineness, at the Bank of America, inNew York City.These bonds are issued pursuantto Chapter 113, Acts of Kentucky,Legislature, 1918.Delivery one-third on March 1,1920, one-third on June 1, 1920,and one-third on August 1, 1920.Payments must be made on delivery.All bids must be accompanied bya certified check for five per cent ofthe total amount of the b'd. thecheck of the successful bidder to becredited on account and the checksof unsuccessful bidders to be re-turned immediately.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J. W. Hayden. Clerk.JINANCIAL STATEMENT OF THE' CITY OF PARIS. KENTUCKY ,Total bonded debt, including this issue..? 192,500.00Assessed, valuation1919 5.225,594.00Real valuation, subject to taxation . . 8,000,009.00Population, (estimated), 8,000.City incorporated prior to 1800.I hereby certify the above statements to be correct to the best of myknowledge and belief.J. W. HAYDEN,Clerk ity of Paris, Kentucky.(30jajn3t)Good Guess.Apple was among the first wordson which the class had been welldrilled. One day when Betty's attention was elsewhere the word ape wasIntroduced. In the drill which followed "ape" was Betty's word. Shelooked at it somowhit puzzled, thensmiled at her teacher and said : "Halfapple." Chicago American.For Sale1 Oakland 5-passenger touringcar;1 Buick roadster;1 White truck.These machines are in" good running order. Good tires. Well worthyour money.B. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 176 Millersburg, Ky.(jan30-tf)For Sale PrivatelyI offer for sale at a bargain, privately, the following:American Universal WoodworkingMachine, 2-power Boring Machine,Swing Cut-off Saw, Barn BuildingOutfit complete, 1 concrete BlockMachine and all necessary equip-jment.This machinery is in good working order and can be seen in myshop at Millersburg.E. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 176 (M'burg ex.)(jan30-tf) Millersburg, Ky.Public SaleOPLive Stock, Farm Implements, Etc.We will sell at public auction onC. M. Penn farjm, 4 miles fromParis, on Clintonville pike, onTuesday, Feb. 3. 1920,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m.:3 draft mares, age 5 to 6 years;1 lady's driving mare, 4 years old;2 extra Jersey cows, fresh inspring;1 two-horse wagon and frame;1 feed slide;1 Avry corn planter, new;1 new Brinley cultivator;1 new cutting harrow;2 new breaking plows;2 single plows;1 smoothing harrow;1 drag;1 marker;2 hog houses;Lot of corn in crib;1 open buggy and harness;Lot of chickens;1 5-passenger Buick Automobile,in good running condition;2 sets work harness;125 yards tobacco cotton;1 new Malleable Range usedabout five months.TERMS Made known on day ofbiile.W. H. AND LEROY PENN,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(30jan2t)PUBLIC SALEHANDSOME RESIDENCEWe, as agents of Houston Rion, executor of the estate of the late Mrs. J. M. Rion, willsell at auctionTuesday, February 10, 1920at 1:30 p. m., the following described property:The handsome 8-room 2-story frame residence located on the east side of Second Street;has bath complete, electric lights, gas and every modern improvement, front and backporches, good cistern. The neighborhood in which this property is located cannot be surpassed; concrete walks, iron fence, a beautiful shaded lawn.Vacant lot, 50x210 feet, stable and buggy house on same. This is among the bestbuilding lots in Paris; will be sold separately and then as a whole.Don't forget the date. This property must be sold to settle the estate.At the same time and place we will sell the household and kitchen furniture, as.follows:1 folding bed, plate glass mirror front;1 box couch;1 nice parlor table;Lot of fancy pictures and frames:Rocking chairs;6 dining room chairs;5 gas stoves;4 druggets;Window curtains;2 white iron beds; '2 mattresses; 2 bedsprings; .Lot of small rugs; 1 cot;1 old fashioned walnut bed room set;2 dining tables; 2 side tables;Kitchen utensils and other things too numerous to mention.TERMS Cash for all household goods.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Real Estate DealersAGENTS FOR HOUSTON RIONExecutor Mrs. J. M. Rion's Estatewe ht Hj. .&t &;WANTEDmCountry produce, eggs, butter,buttermilk, sweet milk, hams,chickens, etc. Bring to us for bestmarket prices.DAVIS & DOYLE,(23-tf) Bone Dry Cafe.Auto RepairShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Truck HaulingWe are now prepared to do allkinds of truck hauling. A specialtyof moving. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or s-mall. Day phone 780;Night call 1956.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf)CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.S. R. HUDNALL,Office No. 6 Bank How.(23dec-tf)The Blue Grass Realty Co.Office Broadway, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES No. 224 PARIS, KENTUCKYNo. 1 4-room house on Vine Street $2,00Q.00No. 2 6-room house on Vine Street 3,500.00No. 3 8-room house on Cypress Street 5,000.00No. 4 7-room house on Cypress Street 7,250.00No, 5 6-room house on Seventh Street 7,250.00No. 6 7-room brick on High Street 10,000.00No. 7 6-room brick on Main Srreet 3,500.00No. 8 4-room brick on Nineteenth Street 2,251.00No. 9 8-room brick on Pleasant Street 4,500.00No. 10 6-room brick on High Street 5,500.00We Have Other City PropertyAlso a Nice List of Farms from 10 to 400 AcresWe would be glad, to callproperty weB. T. BISHOPOP1 oak sideboard with plate glass mirror;Nice lot of dishes;1 sofa;1 hall hat rack;1 good as new Radiant Air Blast stove:1 water power washing machine;1 combination desk and book case;1 coal range; 1 gas range;1 large kitchen table;2 wardrobes; 2 pairs por tiers;2 small tables;1 marble top wash stand;2 dressers with large mirrors; '1 iron clock; 1 chiffonier;Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give pie a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aSHGC13.1 tv-J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 918Main Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf)NOTICE.The undersigned, on Thursday,January 1, 1920, adopted a alightchange in their scale of prices, andbeginning on that date will chargetwenty cents for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD,CAHAL BROTHERS,RUSS CORBIN.(2jan-tf)T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate, LiveStock, Personal Property. LockBox 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.(jun6-tf))for you and show you anyhave listed. Seeor J. H. FLORAtJ r""-TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3.. 1926THE BOUfcBON NEty, PARIS, KENTUCKY.-PAGETHREC1A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.TwinMen'sBros.StoreL. WOLLSTETN, Proprietor.619 Main Street:CTOSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perf ect-FittinflSPEaACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lens4th & Chestnut St,,LOUISVILLE, KY.TwinBros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTOBACCOCOTTONALL GRADESSEE US BEFOREYOU BUV- -TV-Twin Bros.70eartiiient StoreGr-scStvgi? S" j? DWE are qualifiedto carry outthe instructions ofthose who employ usbecause of our wideexperience and because of our thoroughly modern equipment. Tl .Or service is e indent and courteous;and we are fair in'all our business dealings.J!l:flL JMMasflCllltlliVIRGINIA MINISTER NOW ENDORSES TANLACRev. J. H. Hardy Is like a NewPerson Now Is StrongAnd Cheerful.It is seldom, indeed, that men ofprominence, especially ministers ofthe gospel, willingly express theirindebtedness publicly to a proprietary medicine. However, when amedicine obtains of that singularpurity and efficiency shown by theuniforpi peparation, Tanlac, statements from our best citizens are tobe considered thoroughly commensurate with the good that is beingaccomplished.Rev. J. H. Hardy, of ChurchRoad, Va., called at the Grant DrugStore, in Richmond, recently, andrelating his experience with Tanlac,said:"I have been benefited even beyond my belief and feel it my duty,as one directly interested in the. general welfare of my fellow man, tostate publicly what Tanlac has donefor me."Rev. Hardy has been a minister ini the Christian denomination for hf-teen years and is not only beloved asa pastor, but is popular as a manand citizen. Continuing his statement, he said:"I had been completely brokendown physically for several months,having worked, as it seemed to myself and friends, to my lim'.t of endurance. My nerves were so upsetthat I would toss and roll in my bedat night, getting little or no sleep,and feel worse on getting up in themornings than when I retired atnight. I had no appetite and whatlittle I ate always disagreed withme. I would bloat up with sour gasafter eating until I would have toloosen up the belt of my trousers.I also suffered intense pains m mystomach and was seldopn free fromindigestion."Seeing Tanlac so highly recommended I concluded to try it and afew bottles has made me feel like anew person. Before I had finishedtaking the first bottle there was amarked improvement in my condition. My appetite began to return,any digestion wad better and I commenced to eat with a relish, andwas much less nervous. I can noweat just anything I want, enjoy iti,rtT.r,iv and never suffer fromgloating, pain or an uncomfortablefeeling from it. Since taking Tanlac I have been holding nine meetings a week and never have thatTred feeling any more. I am nolonger nervous ana aitei ieu uuuiacalm, restful sleep, which I am getting every night, I wake up in themornings feeling cheerful, strongand full of energy. In fact I amfeeling fine and am glad to make astatement for the benefit of otherswho are needing Tanlac as I did."Tanlac is sold in Paris by thePeoples' Pharmacy. aavjoBE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hideVjunk, poultry andegg- MSTERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8thSt.opp. MardnBtfos.Cumberland Phon374.(ldec-6m-T) J'TSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andw Elsewhere.John Sparks, of Weston, Mo., isa guest of relatives in this city andcounty.Mrs. Clifton King has returnedfrom a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Rosenthal, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Nutter Wood, ofMississippi, are visiting relatives andfriends near Clintonville.Mrs. Boone Baldwin has returned from a visit to relatives andfriends in Montclair, Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Gibson, ofCumberland Gap, are guests of Mr.end Mrs. Frank Buchanan, near thiscity.Mrs. Robert Lee Wilson anddaughter, Miss Cora Wilson, havegone to Florida to remain duringFebruary and March.Mrs. W. W. Anderson anddaughter have returned to theirhome in Covington, after a visit tothe former's mother, Mrs. Anna Harper. Robt. Meteer has returned froma short visit ih Fort Myers, Florida. Mrs. Meteer and Mrs. E. P.Claybrook will remain until the endof the winter.Miss Mary Kenney is a patientat the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, where she recently underwent an operation. She is improving nicely.Mrs. Larson, of Nebraska, is aguest at the home of Miss Lucy B.Simjms, on Second street. Mrs. Larson was formerly Miss Annie MaySimms, of Paris.Mrs. Virginia Dundon, who wascalled home by the serious illnessand death of her uncle, WalterDavis, has returned to her schoolstudies at Oxford College, Oxford,Ohio.Mrs. Richard H. Biddle, Jr., formerly Miss Annie May, of the county, who was operated on recentlyfor appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is improving. The Progressive Culture Clubprogram for Thursday afternoon, isas follows: "Famous Art Galleries," Mrs. Freeman Simms; "Famous Pieces of Sculpture," MissBall; "Madonnas," Miss Bacon;"Portraits," Mrs. J. W. Bacon.Cincinnati Enquirer: "Mr.Harding Woodall, who has been theguest of his sister, Mrs. Polk Laf-foon, of Covington, for the pastthree weeks, has joined his mother,Mrs. Frank Woodall, who is visitingher nephew, Mr. Ford Brent, inParis for a few days before leavingfor New York."The following announcement,in which was enclosed the card ofMiss Laura Perry Davis, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Alvin B. Davis, formerly of Paris, has been received:"The Class of 1919, Holmes HighSchool, announces the Commencement Exercises, Tuesday evening,February the tenth, . eight-fifteeno'clock. High School Auditorium,Covington, Ky."Richimond Register: "Mrs. C.M. Brown and son, Mr. and Mrs.Palmer Myers, Mr. and Mrs. Larfein,Mr. and Mrs. Bagby, Mr. JohnChristman, Mrs. Charles Burris,Mrs. Ed. Myers, Mrs. Day, Mrs.Foley, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Bosley Parris, Mr. C. G. Douglas and Mr. J.F. Hufnagle, all of Paris, were hereThursday to attend the funoial ofMrs. Joseph. Kilton, whose remainswere shipped here from Paris."Dr. M. H. Dailey left Sundayfor Fort Myers, Florida, to remainthe rest of the winter. Dr. Daileywas accompanied by a large business-like shotgun, a pair of aluminum puttees and a plentiful supplyof ammunition for snakes and blackbears. Dr. Dailey also took along alarger supply of fishing tackle thanon his former trips, confident of being crowned prepmier fisherman for.the 1920 season, because Jos. W.Davis1 would not be thereto competewith him. " ' 'In ordering THE NEWS sent toher . at Seabreeze Inn, . Day tonalBeach, Fla., Mrs. Hannah $ Butler,who, with her -daughter. MissLorine Butler, ,is spending the winter there writes that" they are enjoying fine weather and having amost enjoyable time. The guests atthe Inn were ?QUsed from theirslumbers at an early hour recentlyby a fire alarm. They (made theirescape in their night clothes. Thefire was soon under control, thedamage being slight.(Other Personals on Page 5)AN OPEN QUESTIONScout Scribe: This desk will dofor the two of us. And here are twokeys, one for you and one for me.Asst. Scout Scribe: That's allright; but where's my keyhole.?oTO THE DYSPEPTICWould you not like to feel thatyour stomach troubles are over, thatyou can eat any kind of food thatyou crave? Consider then the factthat Chamberlain's Tablets havecured others why not you. Thereare many who have been restored tohealth by taking these tablets andcan now. eat any kind of food thatthey crave.(adv-jan)oUNLUCKY.Pat: Do you really think .thatthirteen is an unlucky number?Mike: Shure, I know it is. Wantime I tried to fight thirteen men ina bunch.t?HSORT YOU FORGET IT.Bear in mind that Chamberlain'sTablets not only move the bowelsI hut improve the appetite andI IA .. - .. .. ..sjrenginenme aigesuon. xney con-;tain no pepsin or, otner digestiveferment but strengthen the stomachand enable it to perform its functions naturally.- o .' 4 (adr-jan)TbeWater-ProofPowderThatWillNotRub OffMakes every akin nresent-able, is absolutely barm'less, may be used for dayor evening make-up.MARINELLOPhantom PowderEffective, easily applied, protects andbeautifies. Full, free directions for omand cample.M. A. PATONPhope 1010516 MainKnew Value of Contrast.For several evenings after school mysmall daughter persisted in cominghome with an exceedingly unkemptlooking child. Upon asking her whyshe was possessed to go with such adirty child she replied: "Oh, mother,I like to go with her 'cause it makesme look cleaner than I am." Exchange oTwo Countries' Wheat Production.The average of wheat production inthe United States is something like13 bushels to the acre, and GreatBritain is about the same.oftTARGET FORIt Hits Listless, Hun-down PeopleFirstTheir Blood Is ThinGERMSEVERYWHEREEPIDEMIC.INBe Prepared Strengthen and BiuHUp Your Blood With PeptoMangan. If it is true that you are not feeling your best if you have that "always-tired"feeling and no interestor enthusiasm then you should becareful of the influenza.It is thin-blooded, anepnic peoplethat disease strikes first. The factthat you have had a very few seriousillnesses has nothing to do with. it.Everyone gets run-down occasionally, and wlien they do, the blood ism no condition to fight off diseasegerms, because it has not enoughred corpuseles. It is the red corpuscles of the blood, that fight disease and save you from sickness.You simply can't afford to takechances when influenza is strikingdown thousands everywhere. Fortify your blood build itup with,the pleasant tonic, Pepto-Mangan.And should' you be ust recovering from influenza, you, need PeptoAlangan because your blood hass exhausted its strength. Pepto-Manganwill help buiid you up; "Pepto-Mangan . is widely andheartily endorsed by physicians: Itif effective and easy to take. Comesin either liquid or tablet form. Nodifference in medicinal properties.Sold at any drug store. But besure you get the genuine PeptoManean "Gude's" Ask for it. byhe name and be sure the full najmeiib on the package. (adv)FREEDELIVERY!We have made arrangements with the Merchants'Delivery Company for twodeliveries a day.Your business is solicited.Both phones.Mr&. Ellis' Cash Iffirftfffctfmim?aaaaaaaWJ3MmtmwmrINFLUENZA?GroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky-HlKBBAassi'a EsEsE " ' .1 Vmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm'mmmmmTHE UNIVERSAL CAR fflThere are more than 5,CC03GC0 Ford carl in : ijIJI daily sen-ice throughout the world, and hilly 111HI eighty percent of there ere Fcrd Tcuring Czvz. ifjlHI There ere many recEcns J "cr this, net the lcr.st cf j HI!which is the s:ir.p!Ici : in the design cf the car, j IBI so easy to ur.dcrctr.nd: llhcv.-ice it h easy to jli8 ether motor cz-2. On the farm, i z the city, for ;II I :C PC3l-"-2 rn t::0 crn z"& lz increasing every jj ;il I day. Let us have: your crdcr promptly if you II ;II 9 want one. ' ' jg$mk: Ruggles Motor Co. mllllililP Bank Row, Paris, Ky.I ferALC- , .. illS EMM PBfcJMV m taisir t,i hjj, sm kivwvt--CT.nk2r'wiea...it -it.in-atmrTam'Bjimu3tl( (ftTelephone Wires and TreesThe recent sleet storm has proven destructive to both, shade treesand telephone wires, and as both, are recognized as ipnportant factorsin the pleasure and comfort of our every day life, proper considerationshould be given each, so that neither would prove detrimental to tieother.A number of farmers have expressed their willingness to assist usm furthering in any way possible the restoration of their telephoneservice, which, is being done by the crews of telephone men as speedilya.s conditions will permit.We would suggest to both the city and rural property owners thatthey take advantage of the wires being down in pruning carefully, atfftsometimes saving their valuable trees and take warning byth.e,,'rutliless slaying and splitting of large limbs of trees bystorjms that wouldiiave been saved had these trees been given closer attention before.By systematically clearing the trees of broken and overgroimlimbs, etc., the telephone route will be clear for the wires, so that little''or no delay will be experienced in reclaiming interrupted service. jFotdoctoring and pruning trees we would refer the owners to article published in the Lexington Herald, January 57th, page 12, by A. J. Olney,Assistant Professor of Horticulture, University of Kentucky.Paris Home Telephone TelegrabCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Hanagx W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.1920iNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstration&Cop. Fourth andBAILv ftif).ITTJfodelsPleasant Sts.(iARAliEI184 fPn;t.11msij jwmHiSiMntm'iFIuqilvl-iy7 ' iii. irxia'5VPAGE FOUETHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.Considerable business was trancacted at the recent meeting of theCity Council, at which all the members, with the exception of Councilman James Moreland, were present.Mayor E. B. January presided.The report of City Engineer A. H.Boerner, submitting plans and specifications for the construction of theSouth Main street sanitary sewer,was read. The contract for "thisvork was recently awarded toItampton, Wood & Co., of Louisville,$27,242.35. Two mortgages aggregating $1,150, were ordered released, and the proceeds turned over tothe Massie Memorial Hospital fund.City Attorney Dundon' was instructed to notify bondsmen of Contractor'A. D. Sant, who built the southeastsanitary sewer, that unless the workwas completed according to contractftitkin a given time, the city wouldproceed to collect costs from thebonding onipany. He was also ordered to proceed with collection ofamounts due for the reconstruction8C Dmcan avenue with asphalt.The Mayor was instructed to getprices on a steam roller, scarifier,and for a steam pumping auto firefighting truck for the city. JudgeGeorge Batterton was granted a permit to erect a garage, to cost approximately $500, at his home on Cypressstreet, and a permit was also grantedto Carrie D. Murray, colored, tobuild a cottage on Eighth street, between Walker avenue and Williamsstreet, to cost $1,000. The report ofThe election commissioners on theresult of the election for the bondissue for the new South Main streetsanitary sewer was filed, showing avote of 301 for 13 against the issue.The report of retiring City Treasurer Wallace W. Mitchell, as of January 1, 1920, showed a balance inthe city treasury of $10,431.24,compared with $9,000 at a corresponding period in 1918. The sum of$6,000 was advanced to Contractor71. W. Burke for street constructionwork on -Pleasant street.oTEN BABY FARMS AT PUBLICAUCTION.KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS TO CELEBRATE LINCOLN'SBIRTHDAY.Blue Grass Council No. 762,Knights of Colupibus, of Lexington,I will celebrate Lincoln's birthdayThursday, February 12, with a program consisting of addresses byI speakers from the councils at Paris,j Frankfort and the Lexington couni oil. Following the speeches a lunch-con will be served. The exerciseswill be held at the Knights of Columbus Hall, on North Limestone,?nd will be open to the members ofthe councils at Paris and Frankfortand Blue Grass Council.Plans are, however, being perfected for an observance of Washington's Birthday, Sunday, February23, by the members of Blue GrassCouncil at the auditorium of St.Paul's school and at this time it isplanned to present an elaborate program to the general public.aTEN BABY FARMS AT PUBLICAUCTION.Watch, for advertisement in Fridays' NEWS of 10 Baby Farms forsale at auction on February 14th at1:30 o'clock. Property is known asClarence Wright Farm and is owned by Matt Lair and W. S. Haggard.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanPARIS GIRL HAS UNIdUE AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTWatch, for advertisement in Fridays' NEWS of 10 Baby Farms forsale at auction on February 14th at1:30 o'clock. Property is known asClarence Wright Farm and is owned by Matt Lair and W. S. Haggard.J oNEW RESTAURANT NOW OPENI-have-opened a first-class restaurant in connection with. Ed.Boyle, at the Bone Dry Cafe, onMain street, and will serve regulardinner and snpper at fifty cents,also short orders and sandwiches ofall kinds, sonps. pies, etc. Quickservice and right prices. .Give us acall.DAVIS & DOYLEBone Dry Cafe. Between Seventhand Eighth.(20-tf)Accompanied by a young ladyfriend, Miss Margaret Ardery, ofParis, while making calls on friendsin Lexington, literally dropped inon the family residence at 127 Paynestreet, when her automobile plungedover a thirty-foot embankment atthe end of West Short street, crashed through the front fence and stopped on the front porch.Neither of the occupants of thecar, sustained injury, although theirescape from serious injuries wasconsidered remarkable. In answerlo an S. O. S. call the police department sent a machine out to thehouse and towed the Ardery carback to the street. The automobile was taken to a nearby garage, and Miss Ardery and companion returned to Paris in anothercar. The ladies were under the impression that they were on the Versailles pike, as when the rescuingparty arrived they were asked ifthat was the Versailles road.EVERYBODY GO.Over to tht Hospital and seethe place; then you will feellike giving.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1920! ,mtPUBLICSALEOf185 Acres of Clark County LandON : rTHURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1920AT 10 A. M ON THE PREMISESKnown as the Oscar Johnson Farm, is one of the best farms in Clark County. Located on theWinchester and Paris pike, at the junction of the Pretty Run pike, 5 miles from Winchester and IImiles from Paris.Subdivided into Two TractsTRACT No. 1 Comprises about 100 acres. Has an excellent 8 room frame house withhalls, porches, etc., servants' house in yard, and all other necessary outbuildings, including a large combination stock and tobacco barn. This tract is well watered and fenced, 55 acres in old blue grass,ready for tobacco, balance in cultivation.TRACT No. 2 Comprises 85 acres, all in blue grass; has an old tenant house and large tobacco barn. This, we think, is as good as any land in Clark County for tobacco; has a beautiful building site facing Pretty Run Pike.The owner, Mr. Newton Bishop, of Woodford County, bought this farm thinking he could buyother land adjoining this place, but as he could not, and wanted a larger farm, has decided to sellwithout by-bid or reserve on the above mentioned date. The man on the premises will take pleasurein showing same before day of sale.Haley Aldridge, who has lived on the farm, will take pleasure in snowing the place to all prospective buyers.For further information seeBolivar Bond & Sons Bishop & FloraVersailles, Ky., orParis, Ky.1 M fMi mAS USUAL, WE WILL HOLD OUROld Reliable Big Cash SaDURING ALL OF FEBRUARY AND MARCHeWe do not care to have this sale, butour friends and customers have come tolook upon it as a fixture, so we are puttingit on as usual. Furthermore, it will be heldin the same bona fide, straightforward manner as usual. You will be able to pricegoods to yourself. Every article is markedin plain figures, and your cash sale price is20 LESS THAN THE MARKED PRICEIn this way you know what sort of bargain you are getting. Columbia Grafonolasand Records, Globe-Wernicke Book Casesand Way Sagless Springs are NOT in thissale. If there was ever a time when asale should appeal to you, it is NOW! Goodsare very scarce, i Do not wait.Thtij'. -4.; i.. . .. ..-'-'' ' i'r. -...."V. " .- i ,. . ....J. T. HENTTON 0ivTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE -FIVE-i;?,ft' d.TOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEs. o. s.Save the hospital. Contribute as much as you can.They are in dire need of money.FANCY EVAPORATED PEACHES.Real Fancy Peeled EvaporatedPeaches at 2 pounds for 1.00 whilethey last. Belter get in on thisoffer. "(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BASKET BALL GAMEST&e Paris High School basketball team sustained a defeat at thehands of the Somerset High Schoolteam In the game played Fridaynight, in Somerset. The score stood28 to 13.1BEY-BE AGIN' IT!The members of the Bourbon,ounty Federation of Women's Clubs,at a meeting held Saturday afternoon, adopted, by a unanimous vote,a resolution of protest against opening pnovie picture shows in thiscity on Sunday. The protest willbe placed in the hands of the cityauthoriiies.oKEW AUTO OWNERSThe Paris Milling Co. purchasedihrough the Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., of Paris, a Dodge Bros, carfor the use of their traveling salesman, Lyttleton B. Purnell.Dickerson & Son, local agents forthe Overland, sold last week twoOverland touring cars, one each to41va Garrison, and J. D. Reed, bothof Bourbon county.IN JUVENILE COURT.In the Juvenile Court, Judge Geo.Batterton heard the case of S. M.Turner, charged with failure toprovide for his two small children.After hearing the evidence JudgeBatterton placed the case on the opendocket, with an order to Turner topay five dollars a week in the future toward the maintenance of hischildren.oBOURBON SPEAKER ON LEXINGTON PROGRAM.At the meeting of the SwineBreeders' Association of Kentucky,held in Lexington, Friday, Walter S.Meng, of North Middle town, deliver"ed an address- on the subject of"Does High Fitting of Hogs Impair Their Future Usefulness ToFeeders?" The subject was alsodiscussed by Mr, Meng, and FrankMcKee, of "Versailles.oAPPELLATE COURT ORDERSIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort the following orders were entered affiecting Bourbon countycases:Hines, Director General, vs.Burns' Administratrix, Bourbon; affidavit of official stenographer tendered for consideration in finalhearing of the case. Objection byapplicant.Power Grocery Company vs. Alexander's assignee, Bourbon; jointmotion to withdraw motion of January 20 subimtted.oTEN OVERCOATS FOR SALEJust ten overeats going for$13.50. "Make it snappy, men."L. WOLLSTEIN,61S Main Street.(feb3-tf). oBABY FARMS AT AUCTIONTen Baby Fanms will be sold atauction on the premises, known atthe Clarence Wright farm, locatedon the Clintonville pike, 1 mile fromParis, on Saturday, February 14, at1:30 o'clock. These small tractswill contain from 5 to 30 acres, allfacing on the Clintonville pike.This land is in the old Blue Grasssod and ready for tobacco. TheseBaby Farms are sure to make moneyfor their owners, as they are idealsuburban hepne sites, just outsidethe city limits. Watch for displayadvertisement for full particulars,terms, etc.For information apply to the owners Matt Lair and W. S. Haggard,or to Harris & Speakes, Paris Realty Co. or Bishop & Flora, agents,at Paris IyAuctioneers will be .Geoige p.Speakes and O. H. Wykoff. (It)oSCHOOL GARDEN HEAD TO VISITPARK.J. L. Randall, director of .the U.S. School Garden Army; has appointed Miss Emilie Yunker an assistant regional director for the promotion of home and school gardening in Kentucky. Miss Yunker,-who -has been identified with, schoolgarden work in Louisville for several years, will visit twenty counties during the next jnonth and thefollowing cities are inclnded in heritinerary: Cave City. Glasgow,Bowling Green, RuBsellvile, Hopkinsville, Murray, Earlington, Henderson and Paducah. In the upperend of the State she will visit Lexington, Midway, Frankfort, Mt.Sterling, Versailles, Paris, Winchester, Richmond, London, Barbourville, Beatyville; Middlesboro, DanTille and 8amnt! SOCIAL AID PERSONAL.In.. . Icomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Harrv L. MifohAii p VuJ quite ill for the past week.Prewitt Blirch and Clayt0nHaitsough, of Winchester, were recent visitors in Paris.Mrs. Jonathan Burris, of LrtliRock, is a patient at ihe PeireeSanitorium, in this city.-Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandhad as guest for the week-end MissHelen Fox, of Winchester.Terrence Mackey, former Parisian, now of Columbus, Ohio, was aguest of friends in this citv Saturday and Sunday.Miss Letitia Clay Hedges, whohas been very ill for several weeks,is convalescent at the home of MissElizabeth Grannan, in this city.Isaac Clay, former reibdent ofBourbon county, now residing nearLawVenceburg, is a guest of John M.Clay and other relatives near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hendricks,of Flemingsburg, and Wm. Lavson,of New Albany, Ind., were guestsfor the week-end of Rev. and Mr.-.J. T. Sharrard.A large member of the membership of Rathbone Lodge, Knights ofPythias, of this city, were in Lexington last night, attending the session of the K. P. District Convention.Lauthman Woods, who is attending St. Mary's College at St.Mary's, Ky., spent the week-end inParis as a guest of his mother, Mrs.Jack Woods, and family, on Eighthstreet.Mrs. H. J. Hornback has relumed to her home in Louisville, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. AmosMcKinzie and Mrs. Harry Wilson,nenr Paris.Mrs. John Sauer, accompaniedby her two adopted sons, Haroldand Paul Skillern, are in Chicago,at the bedside of the children'smother, Mrs. J. N. Skillern, who isseriously ill.Miss Elizabeth Bush, of Winchester, who was recently operatedon at the Massie Memorial Hospital,m this city, for appendicitis, is improving, and will soon be able to return to her home.Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Cook, parents of Chas. P. Cook, of Paris, havepurchased the brick bungalow ofHenry Clark, on High street, andwill move from Lexington to Paristo reside in the- future.Mrs. Pearl M. Taylor continuesseriously ill at her home on Ferguson street. She has been unconscious for several days, and littlehopes are entertained for her recovery. Her son, Edwin Taylor, of theUnited States Navy, is at her bedside. Miss Margaret Craven, of Monlara, who has been visiting relativesnear lhic city, has gone to Danville,Virgiria, where she has taken a position as teacher in the school.-;. Shewas accompanied by Mi-s Luis Craven, who will visit relatives in Danville. C. L. Steenbergen, manager ofthe Paris Gas & Electric Co., underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Sunday night, forappendicitis. He was reported yesterday as having rallied nicely fromthe shock, and was resting verycomfortably.The weekly meeting of theParis Literary Club will be held tomorrow afternoon in the club rooms.The program to be observed is asI follows: "The Harmony of the Gospels," Miss Tipton; "Miracles," Mrs.Mitchell; Reading frqm Four Gospels for Comparison of LiteraiyStyle, Miss Reba Iockhart.Winchester Daily Democrat"Ernest Henderson, of Bourboncounty, was admitted to the hospitallast week.... Miss Elizabeth Bush'sfriends are glad to know that she isgetting along nicely from an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris."Miss Lyda Amos, student atHamilton College, in Lexington,spent the week-end in this city asguest of relatives and friends.Misses Lois Stanhope and Lucy Ferguson, who are students at the sameinstitution, spent the week-end withthe latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Volney Ferguson, and family, .nearParis.Miss Margaret O'Connell, ofNew York, National Secretary, andMiss Lavinia Bonner, Field Secretary of Young Women's ChristianAssociation work, addressed themeeting of the Bourbon County Federation of Woman's Clubs Friday afternoon, in the interest of the Y. M.C. A. educational campaign.Tampa, Florida, correspondenceSunday Courier-Journal: "Robt. L.Tarr, of Millersburg, Ky., is expectedto arrive in a few days for a stay atBuena Vista. . . .Mrs. Sallie JohnsonBurgin, of Lexington, Mrs. SwineyRay, of Paris, and Mrs. Nannie Embry Jewell, of Lexington, are spending the winter at Daytona Beach,and recently spent the week-end inEustis with Kentucky friends."Edward M. Hite, of Lexington,was in the city Saturday on a business mission. Mr. Hite has just relumed from a visit to the factory ofthe American-LaFrance Fire EngineCo., at Elniira, New York, and washere for the purpose of conferringwith the members of the Fire Committee of the Paris City Council regarding the purchase of supplies forthe fire depajnent.Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Butler entertained the following guests attheir home in East Paris, Sunday;Mr. and Mrs.-J.-R. Butler and family, of Frankfort, Misses Ettie, NanTme' Daisy' and Chester Butler, AllenWainscott, Mr. and Mrs. David Butler and daughter, Miss Bonnie Butler MJsse! Elizabeth 'and ThodoraButler, of Carlisle; Mr. and Mrs. N.H. Sharp and daughter, Miss LorettaSharp, Jos. Miller, Mr. and MrsrElihu Butler, all of Paris; Mr. andMrs. Burch Claypool and family.Misses Gertrude and Jessie Claypooland Robert Claypool.(Other Pertonais on Page 3.) jNO DANGER OP INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC IN PARIS.In spite of the fact that there havebeen mild epidemics of influenza insome of the larger cities of the Statethere is no need for an influenzascare in Paris or in Bourbon county,according to local health officials,County Health Officer Silas Evansand City Health Officer A. H. Keller.Paris and Bourbon county are enjoying exceptionally good health atpresent, according to these officials. This they attribute to fourgood causes: The exceptionallygood natural drainage of the city;the unusually good and wholesomefood available for purchase; theexcellent sanitary sewer system ofthe city, which will soon be madebetter by additional sewers; and aremarkably plentiful supply of purewholesome water for drinking anddomestic purposes.A supply of ar.ti-influenza vaccinehas been received from the StateBoard of Health, sent out as a precautionary method against the disease, and anyone wishing to be innoculated should apply to their physician or to the Health Officers.oMORE TROUBLE P0R TELEPHONE COMPANY."Every little bit added" plays apart in the affairs of the Paris HomeTelephone Co., it seems. Added tothe troubles and inconveniencescaused by the ijeavy sleet storm oflast week is a new happening. A bigcable, containing about four hundred local service wires, which wassuspended across the L. & N. railroad bridge over Main street, sagged down by the weight of the sleet,r.nd unpreceived by the trainmen,reached too low a point. A southbound passenger train caught it,tearing it loose frqm its moorings,end trailing it several hundred yardbalong the track.It will require several days to replace the wires and cable and in thefneantime many residents of EastParis who have Home phones cannotuse them for service.0ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALEFrank & Co.'s Annual Clearance Sale will begin tomorrow,Saturday, January 31st.(jan30-2t)A-REAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO."GROUND HOG DAY"Yesterday, besides being CourtDay and Blue Monday, bore the annual distinction of being "Groundhog Day." According to superstition and tradition if the little marmot came out at noon and caught a.glimpse of his profile, he immediatelyscooted back into his hole and orders the weather man to turn onsix weeks more of bad weather. Ho'certainly saw his shadow yesterday,as the day was bright and warmenough to give Mr. Groundhog ample opportunity to carry into effecthis weather designs on humanity.THE FAIRAh,Rising Costs MeanCareful Buying.Read These Values ForSaturday OnlyBirthday Candles, 50 in a box,10c a box.Order Books, flexible covers, 80pages, 10c.Matting Rugs, 9x1 2, Linoleum, allwidths and patterns.Lantern Globes, each 15c.Jron Muffin Pans, 6 holes, eachb4c.China Eggs.Street & Smith Novels, 2 for 15c.3 Hoop Brass Cedar Pails, 75c.Cedar Churns, $3.75.Pure White Enameled WaterPails, $1.24.All sizes enamelled Pans, from 10cup.Crystal Glass Water Sets, Pitcher,Tray and 12 Tumblers, ?1.49 set.Real Thin Transparent ChinaCups and Saucers, per sei t $1.98.Dinner Sets, 42 pieces, in whiteand gold decorations, per set ?7.98.Sun-proof Paints, Varnishes andStains. Color cards free for theasking. A high-grade paint at areasonable price.THE PAIRA COMMON EXPRESSION"Oh! That's Beautiful Isn't ThatPretty."We are so delighted with our selections of new Spring Wall Papersand -Interior Decorations. We wantto crow loud enough to be heard allover the country. The effects werenever more pleasing these richHubdued colorings, cherry floraleffects, and Oriental tapestries arbeyond comparison and the price,veil, we .were fortunate enough toplace our order early, before theadvance; but we cannot guaranteethese prices beyond the presentstock, as the manufacturers havenotified us that all duplicate orderswill be at least 40 higher. Areyou wise? Make your selections andplace your order now to-day.THE FAIRRELIGIOUS.The Business Women', MissionCircle of the Paris Presbyteriantuuii-u xieiu a meeuns- last nis-m. msix o'clock in the hapmont rf t-hChurch. SunDer was servpri nt r-ikand an importantand interestingsession was held.CHRISTIAN CHURCH.All services were well attendedlast Sunday at the Christian church.The Adult Sunday School classeshad several new members and havehopeful prospects for many others.A collection was taken for the Armenian Relief Fund. These classesare doing a great work.The regular routine of businesswas transacted at the Officers Boardmeeting at 2:30 o'clock Sunday afternoon. The Board decided to havea protracted meeting at the churchin the early sumjmer, probably inApril or May, details of which willbe completed later.Mr. A. L. Boatright was granted atwo-weeks' leave of absence, beginning April 5th, to assist in a meeting at Owensboro.The song service Sunday eveningwas enjoyed by all who attended.The Male Chrous, under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, rendered an interesting program.0OetOwSO AGfcESI Bourbon Land Sale at Public Auction jjS On the Premises, onThursday, Feb. 12th, at 10 O'clock A. M.Small farm of 50 acres of unimproved land, all in grass. This land is opposite the farmof R. 0. Turner and Is among the best in that section. Lays well and has a beautifulbuilding site on the pike.If purchaser so desires I will sell a good five-acre tobacco barn, newly covered, which ison the line of the adjoining land, and I will give the rent of a seven-room tenant house andhalf the fruit from the orchard of 128 trees to the purchaser of the farm for one year.The purchaser will also have the privilege of tending on the shares ten acres of landaround the house, which is all in old blue grass sod and which has not been plowed for 14years and which ought to produce according to present prices $1,000 per acre.TERMS 10 per cent, of purchase price on day of sale, 23 1-3 per cent, on March 1,1920, and the balance in four years in four equal payments, or as much cash oyer one-thirdas desired may be paid.J. B. CAYWOODPower off Attorney for Miss Jennie MintcrHarris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers Paris, Ky.L. D. HARRIS, Business Manager.CoatsuBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at$15.00 Coats at$17.50 Coats at$22.50 Coats atBelted or straightSchool DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred materials are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at$12.50 Models at$15.00 Models atHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky:BOX SUPPER.A cordial invitation is extended tohe general public to attend a boxsupper to be given Friday night,February 6, at the Clay's CrossRoads School House by Mrs.jBiraie Jiay Webb, teacher and pu-pils. The proceeds will 20 to thefund beine raised for.. the P.hilriren'csHome, in Louisville.For SaleA Duroc Jersey male hog; registered. Apply to(3-tf) F. B. THOMAS.WantedWanted, to rent a small farm, sixto ten acres for tobacco, ten to fif-ten acres for corn; good land withcomfortable house and pastured closeto school.EARL A. ALLISON,(3-4t) Route 5, Paris, Ky.For SaleA five-passenger Buick touringcar in perfect condition. This caihas five good tires, is almost new, inNo. 1 condition, and worth themoney. Phone 790.(3-2t) ANDERSON CAHAL.the Ruddles Mills Pike, 3 Miles from Paris, onCOL. GEO.and DressesFor theSchool Girl$ 9.98$12.98$13.50$17.50$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at..... $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75$39.50 Coats at $27.50models in Plum, Wine, Brown,some with collars of fur.$ 7.98$ 9.98$12.50$19.50 Models$25.00 Models$29.50 ModelsJust right for the schoolBEST GRADES TOBACCO COTTMLTobacco cotton, .all grades, -whileit lasts, at Feld's Department StoreT-(30-tf)LostOn High street, yesterday, between Twelth street, and Carl Wilmoth's residence, a black fur neckpiece. Finder please return to thisoffice and receive suitable reward-A Good PropostionAgent wanted for Louisville Cotir- :ier-Journal and Louisville Times.See representative at St. CharldiHotel. (lt-pd)Men Wanted.Young men for Railway MaliClerks, $13 0 month. Experience;unnecessary. For free particulars, ,examinations, write L. Leonard. '(foiyner Government Examiner)935 Equitable Building, Washing-'ton, D. C.Yours very truly,U. S. SCHOOL OF CIVIL SERVICES,Inc.J. C. LEONARD, Pres.(2-3t)50 ACRESD. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.2$-yBlue, Taupeat $14.75at $19,75at $24.75roomMain StreetParis, Ky.MMMvv6Mv9WvftBtiwIVIIIRVnmIn14f;.,t9 fck..iKtftHsirmPUirtti1.1Jl'!)iIithfV'iPA68HX TOratTHE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS, KENTUCXYTUESDAY, roUlHT I, ltlf48,000Drugstores SU ItPive million peotxae it to KILL CCHILL'SCASCARAf QUININErnn m.vbbvIit.llnllnll MllBLDSbbVi SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLYJJTJCE BEVTEW.lOMflStandard cold remedy for 20 yexrttablet torm sate, cure, noopiates breaks up a cold in 24hours relieves ktid in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redtop with- Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drag SttrcBProper View of Peace.Peace is our proper relation to allmen. Tliere is no reason why, as farae we are concerned, we should notbe at peace with everybody. If eventhey are not at peace with us, we maybe at peace with them. Letthemlook to their own hearts, we haveonly to do with our own. J. B. Mosley.oFamous American.In 1809, on the 6th of November, Admiral Stewart, an American, who wonfame In tht battles against Frenchprivateers and against the British inthe war of 1812, died. Admiral Stewart was the grandfather of CharlesParnell.P0-o-UFT OFF CORNS!Awly few drops then lifttouchy corns off withfingersnV0Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFreezone on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then you lift it right out. Yes,Jmagic!A tiny bottle of Freezone costshut a few cents at any drug store,but is sufficient to remove everyhard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the calluses,without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful. (adv)Receipts of poultry are very light,partly due to bad weather and alsobecause of stocks having been prettywell marketed.Receipts of dressed poultry at thefour large cities New York, Chicago, Philadelphia and Bostonsince January 1st, have been lighterthan same period last year, while theamount of stock put into storageduring the same period was heavier,which would indicate a falling offin the consumption of poultry.Trade, however, is taking all thefresh poultry offered and is nowusing some frozen stock, whichwould indicate a healthy situation.Recent reduction in butter values,no doubt, has brought about largerdemand and we have seen some reatction in the market this week.General situation is unchanged,changed.On account of wintry weather thejmovement of fresh eggs has notshown any increase. General situation is steady. With milder weatherand the fact that cold storagestocks are still larger than usual,lower prices should be expected.IMILLERSBURG0GOLDCEASEDAFTER FIRST DOSE"Pape's Cold Compound"Breaks Up a Cold In aPew Hours.ThenRelief comes instantly. A dosetaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks up asevere cold and ends all the grippemisery.The very first does opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages in the head, stops nose running, relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit Blowing and snuffling! Clear your congested head! Nothing else in theworld gives such propnpt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, contains no quinine. Insist upon Pape's! (adv)oBound to Do Some Good.We may scatter the seeds of courtesy and kindness around us at so little expense. Some of them will inevitably fall on good ground, and growup into benevolence in the minds ofothers ; and all of them will bear fruitof happiness in the bosom whencethey spring. Exchange.Tbe largest electric signin tfie world advertiseson Times Square. New VorkCity: it is 250 feet long, 70feet high. Made up of 1 7.286electric lamps.The fountains Play, thetrade mark changes, reading alternately WRIGLEV'SSPEARMINT. D0UBLEMINT.and JUICY FRUIT, and theSpearmen "do a turn.1Are you bothered with tooKquent action of the kidneys?This sign is seen ntehtly by about500,000 people from all over the world.SealedTight39MfcmwmnrwtmismT f i iw in in fiy m iivjn i'j " rr.KeptRightA7Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger entertained the Bridge Club Thursday afternoon-Mrs. Lydia Brown is visitingher brother, Mr. Ed. Brown, andfamily, at Cynthiana.Mr. Bayles DeBell, of Ewingwas the guest of his daughter, Mrs!R. M. Caldwell, Saturday night andSunday.Wilford Potts is seriously ill ofscarlet fever at the home of hisgrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeW. Brajmblett.Mrs. A. P, Darnell, of Georgetown, was the guest, of her sister,Mrs. S. B. Bruce, from Thursdayuntil Saturday.Miss Mildred Bruce was in Lexington. Saturday, to meet her cousin,Lieut. Davis Bruce, and wife, whowere passing through.Little Miss Katherine Jones iscritically ill with typhoid-pneumonia,at the home of her grandmother, Mrs. Ada McClintock.Mr. Joseph Plummer und family moved Monday to his propertylately purchased from Mr. O. W.Ingels, vacated by himself and wife.Owing to illness in. the home ofMiss McClintock, tlu meeting Saturday or the Twentieth Century Clubwas held at the home of Mrs. A. S.Best.Prof. Arnold' was' called to hishqme at Bardstown, Thursday, onaccount of the illness of his wife.Prof. Arnold is principal of theGraded School here.Workmen of both the Cumberland and Home telephone companiesare busily engaged in restoring theservice which was interrupted by theheavy steel storm. Millersburg hasbeen practically cut off from theoutside world for several weeks.Mr. and Mrs. "W. O. Ingelsmoved Monday from their home recently sold to Mr. Joseph Plummerto rooms in the Farmers' Bank flat.They will board for a while in, thefamily of Mr. S. M. Allen, brotherof Mrs. Ingels, until the rooms arecompleted.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter, agedforty-two, died Thursday at 3:45 pvm., at her home, after a lingeringillness of a complication of diseases.Mrs. Carpenter's maiden name wasMiss Minnie Cochran, a daughter orMr. and Mrs. Edward Cochran, ofElizaville, she being born in Fleming county. She was one of twochildren, and is survived by onesister, Mrs. R. J. Hinton, of Flemingsburg. When quite a young woman Mrs.Carpenter was united in marriageto Fielding F. Hurst. They resided,in Flqmingsburg for a time, afterwhich they moved to Millersburg,where the remainder of her life was;'pent. Two daughters. Mrs. T. K.Smith and Mrs. John Wright, andone son, Mr. Edward Hurst, of theU. S. Navy, were born to this union.Before the children were grown Mr.Hurst died, leaving her with thecare and education of three children. Her task was a hard one, butshe performed every duty bravely.In January, 1918, after her daughters were both married and settledin life, she was united in marriageto Mr. Sandford C. Carpenter, taking charge of his home.' Their married life was a happyone. She had much to live for, andwas cut down while in the visorand beginning of middle life. Shewas a lifelong member of the Christian Church and took a deep interest in all of its organizations. InJanuary, 1919, her health began tofail, and in a short time it was realized by her physician and friendsthat her condition was serious. Inthe summer of 1919 she was takento the Mayo Hospital, at Rocliester,Minn., hoping that she might getrelief. However, her condition wassuch that they refused to operate,and in a few days came home. Sinceihen she has gradually grown worse,until death came to her relief.The funeral was conducted Saturday at 2:00 p. m. from her late residence, by Elder G. W. Nutter, herformer pastor, now pastor of theChristian church, of Nicholasville.Interment on the Hurst family lot, inthe Millersburg Cemetery, by. theside of the remains of her first husband. The entire community extend sympathy to Mr. Carpenter, thetwo daughters and son, in this darkhour of bereavement.oIS THIS YOTJR EXPERIENCE?Many Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying Kidney Uls.fre-Arethe secretions highly colored dothey contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris peoplerecommended Dpan's Kidney Pills.If your back aches and your kidneysare weak you will find no betterrecommended remedy.Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I havehad three or four attacks of lumbagoin the past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back all the timeand often sharp, cutting pains darted through it. It sometimes seemedas though I could hardly endure themisery. I tried different remedieswith no good results. I heard ofDoan's Kidney Pills, and procuredthem from the Ardery Drug Co. Thefirst box helped me and I continuedtaking them until cured. Attackssince then have always been slight.Doan's Kidney Pills have never failed to relieve me."Price 60c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyeret Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)v5nhimVHwLiBBYttraBaaaaaaaaBBlbbbbbB2U HEzhIRbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbThe Velvet' tinit twice as biga shown her'ftb Rheumatics is a Mighty PoorReason forWearmg aWoodenLegNO sting or hot burnin' is a mighty weak-kneedrecommendation for tobacco. But when tobacco is mild and cool, and yet as full of "fun" as abarrel of monkeys well, that's,, another story that'sVelvetAnd 'cause why?'Cause Velvet is brought up not jerked up bythe hair. It's raised as carefully as a favorite child.It's cured in the big fresh air. And it mellows awayfor two years in wooden hogsheads 'til it's smoothand rich as cream. The wonder would be if Velvetwasn't a whacking good pipe smoke.QBMj gHBa&SJEKSSMBBBinBBBBIilk.I$iV4-."Let Nature mellow yo' tobacco an that tobacco will shoremellow yo9 nature says VelvetJoe. And he's pretty nearlyright.NATURE-AGEING in the wood does more tomake tobacco friendly than any camouflage youcan cover it with and don't you forget it See, taste,smell, feel the 'real tobacconess" in Velvet Why,you can almost hear it Velvet's the tobacco you canjudge with your eyes wide open and specs on.There's a whole lot in Nature's way of makinggood tobacco better. And it's all in VelvetHere's to a full pipe and a friendly one.-the friendly tobaccoAhC 0LD-Smc -js-Z TrtrWPTOlABifocAt mtb! iirocM - 1Poverty toadies us that the wolf LpR. t M. R FRANK! INin sneeps cioining isn't tne itina ; . -; vj 7- jthat comes to the door.; 'Vardtll's DfUf StOft.A MAN AND HIS WIFE. may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting- a great. ving, must surely satisfy you-i A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169Bt fiW T AThe News Job Department Is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Don Rtehii-(ptt'fi$"A 1riTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1920This Medicine Recommended &y a DoctortKXh- W,jgF uanger nis professional reputation byHKvdln JH? endorsing PE-RU-NA unless satisfied be-WWii MMnwi2DR. J. H. WAGNERIIsfy Deyond a doubt that PE - RUPE-RU-NA may be purchasedKitty's Airplane.Caroline, my four-year-old sister,having seen a few airplanes lately andknowing how they sound from a distance, said one evening: "Daddy, doyou know our little kittie has an airplane inside of him?" "Why?" askeddaddy. "Because," answered Caroline,"every time I hold him on my lap, Ican hear it going." Exchange.Flrnt Growths ImportantNo beginnings of things, howeversmall, are to be neglected because continuance makes them great. Plutarch.-rKjrf fc-t 2.fcAIf you are troubled wth pains oraches; foci tired; Isavo headache,indigezucniv.zzrr.iAa; pIiiiul drss-ugc o: urine, yc:. "... . .J. r?.ie: rerrsf-OAT t-TTh tvori ::--liver, hlnj '-: ,Na'.H-.i1 -r- .TThrp sir 3. : vr ' -n. "- ViLaoV for lK reiif fr" ft"-'-! on .y lsen... a ,lap1 i o tnsi.&TiooIXIXGXGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'. --- - i m 'lW.-11-e.HmHlg-B-ISEI.lJ.The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseT. W.ftMAIN STREETitr..tB-j-il:eBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetw ..I rT'i'HHKV HBa. 'i-i'i ..tbh mdmtJ wM'JBFnSif3BmliAil27 HAr ,wi -t kyi' m vCWt k K cmmm wtmm) aSBIBIBIBII 'V'(KflK -LUSZlTvlEvlrQH 1FThe Bourbon Laundry-Paris,X!When a doctor use3 a medicine himself besides prescribing it to his patients,he must know that it has merit.This is what Dr. J. H. Wagner, a prominent physician of Skate, Kentucky, hasto say about Dr. Hartman's well-knownremedy, FE-RU-NA: "I have used PE-RU-NAmyself fQr catarrh and havegiven it to others for catarrh, bloatingafter eating and other ailments. It hasproved a success in all cases with oldand young men and women. All speakwell of PE-RU-NA. It is the best of alltonics."Dr. Wagner, out of the fullness of hisown personal experience, for the good ofall sick and .suffering, recommends amedicine which he knows to be good.You may be sure a doctor would not en-jwuu. a. uuuui, Ul .11.3 VillUe.Whether your trouble be a cough or acold, or a more subtle catarrhal effectionof the stomach, bowels or other organs,give PE-RU-NA a trial. The immediateimnrnvpmpnf nrTiln'h iron tirin can will oof- w ' "vu jvru. "HI o,u 11111 otic- NA is what you need.anywhere in tablet or liquid lorm.HE KNEWScoutmaster: Well, what wouldyou do to disperse a mob?Scout (passing Friendship MeritBadge, and after long thought):Pass around the hat, sir. They always leave when that happens.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrnMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and healingthe diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement inyour general health. Start takingHall's Catarrh Medicine at once andget rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-jan)EASY ENOUGHTeacher: In dramatizing thisstory the hardest part is the ending.How would you end the play, Robert? Robert: I'd drop the curtain.' M- m yrr t. i tkjk '-BgSlgusjsra-VB.SiKglMUJlMlMMMMUElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Jgg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLMEREHSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEgfcagMgSi-r--ZytsHFl'AIIIIxfttvleATiecAPTinuunl lul ftUI I UIliiiHOUR WATCHWORD!i'J -With all the latest improvef ments in laundry appliancesk and exnert helpers we areXflX1XIj P.rePared to do work infe-V-lilrior to none, and solicit-.your patronage.-Kentuckys.ixmm'ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYKw-i' s ijK:H ,' i . -A t' &2T' ? " ' iMiilf 'WmW's" ,'mf' ltg,K,JwBsL& f-"S- - 4BnilLK, -.x3UHL B. (. I sS &. .. w I b PHe K. i dEms f.'ni .. f t v-- lB I . lHB IB S i 9b ' fl V. '' f tKHc Av BSSB f Hk aHB2 L .BMEjHIl ' V& '" Bs 9ASm- vXSBSSSSlHHHHHHJ ' HK jB ' Vx B ? TV - wBt HbSH J ' aBa vHHBB "'HbbT I ' 9Bt "jBB v BBK bHVJhbHBH K. I i M m 1 J V i "I yf Jni inur a 1;b1 vvB " SbbSBbBbBbBT -"SBBM ST BT BbA V flr ? BBBBr f ''SB BHBbR i BBBBHt , C v flBl ' v flBB ' BbAW BBBBBbBbbbT- bbbI " f "" A F jK i - Jl -Mi' 1 -a i wKm' 'Hmm- m'" U-mwm i -aHHbbbbbbV bH" F A '! bbbbbM JbI F 'ML- bbW A ff VM JbbbH 1 m& " -'m "M -aWft flaf ; 7fllbbV BbbbbbV '' "f " ,flV - JbbbB iS T'bbbI :; &" W flM'W al T;B' ''' -bbbbI ::'S:W- JB SbbHIbbW 'vbbbbP' Vr - SbbbbbF xBBf " 'bbbb? V SYr ' '-BBF-. HbT l9.-'WKw Wr - W'vBbF '''W 'bbP xHbbbbIIbbbv bbbbj . ''. sBbbbt JBmt vBbbt ? x9bt vJf ' W W 'mm "mr -V - Sbbt sbbT vbbbbbbIbbbF vcjBittBr i Lamm .K 'M W- mw ' F stiff 7 pIubbV' J"bbF yJmrnmLr- J&m Jw - XbbbbbhbP KSBBBBBBP" -BBBBBflP iSBBBBBOT JJBbmF .JmKtiLwf' BBBBF BBBSBMPaBK BBBBBmIb' a vJBflBBBBBBF BBBBOBF " i BByBBBBBWlBbj-flBir-aHFV pJlHHHiV LlWLWF' " bSHHbbbbbbbbH!.BB.-lr-HlBffnBBff.ff.raMBBA Pony GrouD ofGOV. MORROWE'S UST OF "USELESS 0FHCES.,,FRANKFORT. KY., Feb. 2.Governor Edwin P. Morrow appeared in person before the Senate lastweek to answer that body's requestfor a list of the useless offices in thestate administration.In a fifteen-minute address he denied that he had ever stated in anycampaign speech that there were"314 useless offices," as set out inthe resolution, but before he finishedhe had named 37 jobs which he declared had been vacated by his administration with a saving to thestate of $84,913 annually, and concluded by submitting a list of 354other offices which he declaredshould be abolished, with a savingof $147,491."These two lists show a total of391 officials," declared His Excellency, "who in my opinion are useless,and if they are discharged by thosehaving the power to do so, or theiroffices abolished by the General Assembly, an annual saving will bemade of $232,404."The offices which the Governordeclared had already been vacated,and the savings in each, follow:3 assistant deputy wardens 3,6009 guards 9,72013 fire marshals 31,1936 dog. license inspectors, salaries and expenses 18,2005 Board of Control, salariesand expenses 18,6001 Hotel Inspector, salary andexpenses 3,60037 $84,913The additional list of "offices"which the Governor declared useless,"drawing salary from the state andperforming no service adequate tothe amount paid them nor renderingservice essentially necessary to thestate," were:23 officers and guards atFrankfort penitentiary$24,84018 officers and guards .atEddyville penitentiary- 19,400120 trustees of jury funds 18,00020 clerks in auto department 32,0009 extra helpers in auto department 2,0001 shipping clerk, State library 6006 members Insurance Rating Board 11,2306 employes Adjutant General's Department 9,5501 tax expert, Tax Commissionat Louisville 3,5001 supervisor revenue agents 3,60043 foresters 14,039104 private police at StateFair -- -- 3,7911 stenographer custodianpublic buildings 6001 superintendent field mantax commission 3,900Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectricityTor DgDtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Seating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the'Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncoiDArftted)uBroadway Beauties with the Frivolties of 1920. the other 25 are lust asIn looking for an opening thecorkscrew is almost obsolete, but thejackpot is still son deck.You never can tell. Even the suburban ticket agent may marry abovehis station.ATTENTION, YOUNG LADIESThe Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company requires more young women tolearn Telephone Operating.1 We will teach you and payyou wnne learning, neguiarand frequent increases areinsured.We like to employ alert,earnest young women, whoare courteous by nature andhave the ambition to succeedby doing their work correctly.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONETELEGRAPH COMPANY.(Incorporated.)Jan'2-tfISON VQLA-TONIGMis. America Gardner Says SheCan't Recommend It TooHighly.A Paris woman recommends VolaTonic'Builder of Strength" a wopnan you know, .perhaps one of yourfriends at least somebody you canbave confidence in because she is oneof your home town people.Mrs America Gardner, of 222Haimon street, Paris, is th6 woman.She said:"For years I suffered with mstomach. I was troubled badfy withindigestion and couldn't find anything that would, help me. EveryThing I ate fermented on jmy stomich and it felt like it rolled up intoballe. Gas formed, too, and lost oftimes I thought 1 would choke fromit."I was badly constipated also andhad to take laxatives all the time.I got dizzy often. Sometimes I'dhae to catch hold of something tokeep me from falling."Vola-Tonic has helped all thesetroubles so much that I can't recommend it too highly. The indigestion and constipation are muchimproved and Vola-Tonic proved tobe a 'Builder of Strength." too, beraiiso I feel a great deal strongernow."Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"helps the appetite, digestion, bloodand nerves. Vola-Tonic helps thestomach take strengthening nutrition from food to nourish and buildnp the body all over and it soothesthe nerves, thus permitting sound,energy-restoring sleep at niht. Asa result the weakened, run downpnan or woman is gradually built up Jto full normal strength and health.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"if being specially introduced inParis by Varden & Son, druggist.Tribute to Shakespeare.Only Shakespeare wns endowed withthat healthy equilibrium of naturewhose range was elliptical, dominatingall zones of human thought and actionthat power of veri-similar conception which could take away RichardIII from history, and Ulysses fromHomer and. that creative facultywlioe equal touch is alike vivifyinsIn Shallow antt Lear. Lowell.PARISWINMUCHMP VE1MAY HOLD ROADS AFTER MARCHFIRST.The railroads may not be returnedto their private owners March 1.There are indications that theywill continue under the control ofthe government for fropi two toAve years.Senate and House conferees aredeadlocked, apparently beyond hopeof compromise in time to enableCongress to pass the final legislation necessary to turning the roadsback to their owners.Section 6 of the Cummins bill,providing for a 6 per cent, guaranteed earning on the physical valueof the roads, and the labor clause,which makes it a crime for two ormore persons to agree to strike, arethe main points in dispute,oAN EYE CATCHER.A small boy came down the streetone day wearing a loud necktie tiedin an extra large bow knot. Another boy said, "Jack, what haveyou got on that loud necktie for?"Jack replied, "I have iioler. in myshoes and I want people to look atmy head."SbVbbbEKp afl4 wREDUCED PRICESONClover and AlfalfaMayBuying in large quantities hasenabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a spe- ,cial price on our preseut stock ofHay. Phone your order before 'our stock is sold.sIPerry, McCann & MitchellBoth Phones 84JllllMMiMliMim411IT-HHeadquarters For FeedATCOLLIERWe have a fine lot of mixedfertilizer. Special prices in tonOffice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseUSSMSMSEStSSZZSend That Next JobBourbon News. BestPAISfe-isfeTENGood Looking.AetnaAutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against 'FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualties'A. J. FEEAGENTS 3fg' UMitavawt. ,m .U'liuinniiBROS.feed; also white oats andlots.Cumberland Phen 997Home Phene 2S7...- -MfttlMUiof Printing to TheWork: Right PriceswMmIVL11'I!'mic ifM:M'i!J,I3VftItif r,1iigjjjPAGE SIGHT. THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1S2FntDEATHS.DAVIS.Following an illness of .severalaoonths' duration from Bright's disaEer Walter C. Davis, aged flftySonr, died at' liis home on Highstreet, at four o'clock Saturdayarorning. He had been able to be atiis place of business until aboutto weeks ago, when his aitynentassumed an ''acute fornY,' confiningSim to his bed.jMr. Davis was a son of the lateJames T. Davis, a prominent Parismerchant, who preceded him to thegrave several years ago, and Mrs.Sallie Cline Davis, who survives2iim. He was born and reared inParis, and received his early education in the public 'schools of thiscity. For several years he was associated in business with his father asan expert locksmith and gunsmithand at his father's death opened ashop in the room adjoining the ParisBilliard Co., occupying it jointlywith the Paris "Water Company andJames D. McClintock, insuranceagency. He served several years asChief of the Paris Fire Department,m which capacity he rendered faithful and commendable service.Mr. Davis is survived by hismother, Mrs. Sallie Cline Davis, one"Brother, George M. Davis, localagent of tbe Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co., and a niece, Miss Virginia Dundon. Two sisters, MissMaggie Davis and Mrs. Denis Dunoon, and one brother, Jas. T. Davis,2ed (many years ago.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at li: 30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. Dr. Frank.1. -Cheek, of Danville, assisted byRev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church. .Thecommittal services at the grave wereconducted by Bourbon Lodge .No. 23,I. 0. 0. F., of which he was a member. The pall-bearers-, were: Owen !L.Davis, Wallace W. Mitchell. CharlesB. Mitchell,. James MHukill, Dr. J.M. Williams. Denis Dundon, J. HalWoodford and James D. McClintock.I -CARPENTER. ' fMrs. Minnie Carpenter, agedfortv-three. died eaily . .Fridaymorning at her home in Millersburg,lOUPWlJlg .till 11111CBO ui acvcimmonths.Mrs. Carpenter was twice married, 'her -first husband being the lateP. F. Hurst, of Millersburg. Shewas the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Edward. ' Cochran, of Elizaville.Besides her husband she is survived by three children by her firstj husband, Mrs. John Wright, andMrs. Thos. Smith, both of Millersburg, and Edward Hurst, now inthe United States Navy, stationedm Cuban waters.The funeral was held at twoo'clock Saturday afternoon at herlate residence, with services conducted by Rev. G. W. Nutter, assisted by Rev. J. W. Slater. Theinterment followed on the family lotin the Millersburg Cejmetery. Thepall-bearerswere: Honorary Dr.C. B. Smith, Col. C. M. Best, Jos.Farris, Wm. Butler, Sanford M.THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND I Admission: SStfM&S;tax 3tcChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2tc'wnMujtSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your "SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.i -'. "TKANE BROS.PARIS, KENTUCKYHome Fhone 3S9(till July 1)ttpi-' i- i.The Latest Song SensationsNew Pathe Records Just OutYou'd Be SurprledHonevmon Bells22235 (JACK NORWORTH)1 Loxc You Just The Same. Swet AdelineMississippi Moonlight(CAMPBELL AND BURR)22236 (SAM ASH)Slow and EsyYou Ain't I !eard Nothing Yet22137 (EARNEST HARC)Some Day You'll Want Me Back (Maybe 1 Won't Want You))Swaiee Shore(SAM AS-l)2223S (HARRY McCLASKKY)The VnivpAH lheQu:ken Are Shoulder Shakers Down in Quaker Town22241 (PATRICOLAWonderful PalOn the Trail to Santa Fe(LEW IS JAMES)22242 (LEWIS JAMES AND CHAS HART)I've Got My Captain Working For Me NowI Want a Daddy (Who Will Rock Me to Sleep)22243 (PALACE TRIO)Where the Lanterns GlourMarilvnnrWADSWORTH'S SAXOPHONE BAND)22244 (NICHOLAS ORLANDO'S ORCHESTRA)In Your Arms22245 GOSEPH SAMUELS' ORCHESTRA)Beautiful OhioYociland22227 (ROYAL WAlKIKt HAWAII ANS)Dmricr'a Nmi m4 A44rw Haw V M VKC at i'-X'' IV'Brooks & SnappDruggistsRTODAY, TUESDAYGEORGE WALSHin "The Beast"A powerful photo play for love andand regeneration. , See the fight for love,amid raging waters.WILLIAM DUNCANin 'SMASHING BARRIERS'Sunshine Comedy'Tht Roaming Bathtub'Tomorrow, WednesdayMARGRERITE CLARKin " Widow by Proxy"It's no-, fun wearing widow's weedsand vrceping for a dear departed whonever existed. But see this picture. Youwill laugfrtill the the tears come. " ,Also Bray Pictograph"Topics of the Day" .and Prizma Color Picture"Glacier Park"Thursday, February 5thOLIVE THOMASin "Out Yonder"The most beautiful girl in the world ina new play of love and romance.Vod-aVii Moviesand Pathe ReviewGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningAllen, Simpson Butler; Active Dr.F. A. Herbert, Owen Ingels, Jas.Burroughs Leslie Shrout, Thos!Judy and James Cray.McROHAN. ITrJnn MfiT?n'han or o rrnrt ..Confederate veteran, well-known inParis, died suddenly art his home inCarlisle, Saturday morning. He wassitting in a chair, and had leanedover to pick up a paper from thefloor, when he fell forward, deathensuing before medical aid couldreach him. 'Mr. McRhoan wa. a cripple, butserved through the Civil War underGenerals John H. Morgan and BasilDuke. He was well-known in Central Kentucky, and was a prominentfigure at the annual reunion of Morgan's men. Mr. McRohan Avas inParis a short time ago. attendingthe Confederate -exercises ar rhecourt house, in celebration of thebirthday anniversaries of GeneralsRobert E. Loe and Stonewall Jackson.JIUTSON.Mr. Leo A. Hutson, aged 26years, died at his home near Kiserton yesterday, of Bright's disease.He is survived by his father, Mr.Theodore Hutson five sisters, MissesNora, Lena,' Sophia and WinifredHutson and Mrs. Mary McCarthy;and one brother, Mr. Alex. Hutson.The funeral services will be helcUatthe Paris Catholic church Wednesday and the burial" will take placein the Paris Catholic Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be Messrs. iAndrew, Leo and Frank Kerns, andMessrs. John, Ed. and Williapn Brophy. oMATRIMONIAL.Two Bourbon county couplessecured license Saturday from theCounty Clerk of Fayette, at Lexington, and were married in thecourt house. Magistrate Wm. S.Hunt officiated at the marriage oHenry Whalen and Miss WillieCooley, while Magistrate EdwardMiner performed the ceremony forWilburn Mattox and Miss MaryHarp.BODKIN GAR RISON .County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a jmarriage license Saturday afternoon to Ellis Garrison, Jr., 21,.and Miss Lillian Bodkin, IS, both ofBourbon county. They were unitedin marriage shortly afterward.WILSON TAYLOR.The following announcementhave been issued: "Mrs. Kate Lowry Wilson announces the marriago ofher daughter, Catherine Bedford, toMr. Newton Harrison Taylor, Jr.,en Wednesday, the twenty-eighth ofJanuary, one thousand nine hundred and twenty, Paris, Kentucky.At Home after February 14, 2G3,Mt. Airy avenue, Paris, Ky."Q: :BIRTHS.In Cincinnati, to the wife ofAlex Hawes, formerly of Millersburg, a daughter, christened MarthaJane Hawes.The regular monthly meetinp.of the Women's Missionaiy Societyof the Methodist church will beI held in the church parlors- at 2-30'this (Tuesday) afternoon.oMASTER'S SAIES.Auctioneer M. F. Kenncy sold atthe court house door yesterday forCluster Commissioner O. T. Hinton.two tracts of unimproved land belonging to the Saan Hume estate, located near Centreville. The firsttract of forty-seven acres, was soldto Thomas Leach, for ?432.0 anl ocrt. Mr. Leach also purcnasea mesecond tract, of twenty-four acres,for ?500 an acre.FEBRUARY COURT BAY -February Court Day was one of thelM.rsrpst. and best-attended for manyj months, and stock transactions weremany and varied. Tnere was alarge number of horses and . mulesorTthe market, which sold- for goodprices. At the livery stable of Thos.G. Morris, Renaker Parks, of Cynthiana, held a public sale of horses,ihe animals bringing good prices.At the stable of Will Rice, on Second, street, Dr. H. Appel, of Cynthiana. disposed of a large riumber' ofdraft mares at public auction, theanimals bringing good prides, with agood average for the total numbersold. - -Farmers discussed the tobacco'market, which they pronounced en-!i tirelv satisfactory. Merchants -re- ;! norted n, cood day's business, and iGrand Opera HousePARIS, ONE MIGHT ONLYSaturday, February 7thnwA Riot of Fun, Color, Music and Beautiful Girls !SO50An Excellent Cast of PrincipalsBilly Clark. Ruth Goodwin Amelda VictoriaLily Lewis Catherine Shulz Patsey ShellyOliver Adams andjK Talented Singing and Dancing 1OU Broadway Beauties OilDon't HVEiSS ItThe Smastiing Revue Hit of the SeasonPrices SOc to $1.50 plus War Tax. Seats Now on Sale atthe Box Office.LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSE ORCHESTRABuy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatClearing Sale!This week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.ikjv portunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost sncreaioie wnen you consider tneadvance market prices.BUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALFnircr-urn -TRADt W?.FtGU5PATC'fmkIKA5 -ir ,P-, JtShoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to $7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glazed Kid highgrade boots, values to $8,50,Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray Kid Bootsreduced to .-- 5fc34-5Big lot Ladies' $5.00 Tan Cloth TodLace Boots reduced to,. .$299Big lot Ladies' Kid Shoes, warmlined, 3.00 values, at. . .:; . . . : .!$ 1 .99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.90Dark Tan English, Gun Metal and ViciKid, values to $8.50.Another lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlack Good Work Shoes at.... $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values-at $ 1 .69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to .. $2.99Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoesreduced to $1.00Boys', .Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00 Shoes at y . $ 1 .99Boys' and Youths' Hgh GradeShoes, worth $5.50, at $3.4-9DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reijgn'collections good - for the bec.-ndljmonth of the new year.:'J--"i'v(KV, iji- t"-