v J, t?,TTHENEWS-:&'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.i&.' ,.a t rVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 25, 1920l-v " 'J- ,tBOURBONKBTUCKY ODD EELLOWS ELECTNEW OFITCERS.Jchn Doty a-nd James L. Hill,represental ives from Bourbon Lodgeto the meeting of the Grand Encampment of Kentucky Odd Fellows,held in Bowling Green, came backheme with the next meeting in theirpockets for Paris for 1921. They report a successful meeting, and aOod time all around.- While inBowling Green they made a searchfor former Parisian George M.Kier. who had been located there,but were unsuccessful in getting intouch with him. The Grand Encampment elected the following newomceis: Curt Gelike, Newport,Gra'd Patriarch; Roy Forman, Lexinri n. Grand Junior Warden; R.G. Slliott, Lexington, Grand Scribe,B. J. Durham, Danville, GrandTreasurer; W. V. Gregory, Louis--lille,Grand Representative. "A banquet was served by the locallodge, at which the first strawberrics of the season were served. TheMotors were taken to the strawberry and oil fields in automobiles.The report showed that the Odd Fel-o-v'Home, at Lexington, iias 140ih:ldren being educated, reared and.making good citizens. The Odd Fellows are making an effort to raisean endowment fund for the Home ofcsnn AflO and of this amount S100.-000 has been raised. The Kentuckymenbership is 28,000.' o iVWV7--FutilTSYLVANIA MEMORIAL TOBE TJNVIELED TO-DAY.The dedication service of the me-TTo-L-ivm.m P.ollesre who made the Iti.ry n i rnnipr Tnr i.iir .wkivk men ul isupreme sacrifice in the World Warnill be held in Morrison Chapel at!i0 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning,The tablet contains the names ofRobert McLacblin, J. C. Hobbs, J.C. Boone, W. J. Donaldson, R. B.Hutchcraft, (Paris), R. C. Holbrook,H. H. Chinn, (Paris), F. V. Meek,H. Galbraith, W. S. Yarbrough, J.W. Neal, (Paris), a-nd C. Reddin.The program is as follow:Song America AudienceReading In Flanders FieldProf. Edward SaxonSong RecessionalMisses Iva Dagley and Mary Gordon. Messrs. B. B. Miller and A.C. BrooksAddress Prof. W. C. BowerTtearims: of Names . . .Dr. Crossfield iT.ips Joseph StamperSeveral from Paris, includingmembers of Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft's family, will attend the unveiling. FOE SALEI have for s-ale one barn pattern,most of the material oak. Will sellat a bargain if sold at once. WillQuote pi ice delivered orj the cars atCarlisle. Address,R. W. NEAL,(if, Carlisle, Ky.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBigReductionsonOur Entire Line ofCoatsSilk and WoolDressesPlain and FancyWool SkirtsSpecial Price on Georgette Crepes,All Shades '$2.50TlaeFRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERSKEQUIJRMENTS TOE THEWOOL CROP POOL1920 IThere seems to be tome misunderstanding among county . wool pooilenders as to the requirements necessary for entry of their wool in thr.Central Wool .Auction at Lexington,June 15. In further explanation,the Department wishes to state thatonly two new features have been intuduced into the usual method oftelling wool pool'ng in the operationof the Central Wool Auction, namely, the grading of the wool beforesale, and the seiiding of a representee sample of each grade to a central point where it can be bid uponinstead of having the bidder gradeand price the wool in bulk. Allcounty wool pools are entitled to receive local bids as heretofore, thesame to be in by June 12, announcement of the successful bidder to bemade June 16, or one day after theState auction. tT-he successful bidder in this case will either be alocal bidder or a bidder at theState auction. In other words, thepool is not closed until after bidshave been received against the samples submitted to the Central Auction. No wool in any count v outside of Fayette is to be shipped inoutside counties is to be held locallyuntil after the sale. The method ofholding this auction is so simplemat an counties m me oiiiie ujjci-ating wool pools can, without diffi-culty, enter the Central Auction,. . i J Xf.fli-..n .-..prvided they have their wool gradedprevious to the auction and 'carryout the above regulations.The expenses of the auction willbe borne by the wool pools prorata,according to the value of the wooltold and as the warehouse is beindonated free of charge, the expensesshould not exceed one half a centper pouna.Be sure to nave your poui m Lexington not later than June-12, addressed in care of the Central Tobacco Warehouse, 624 South Broadway, Lexington, Kentucky, anddon't forget to give the location ofyour pool and the number of poundsbeing held back of each sample submitted. Have a representative atthe auction.The Central Wool Committee is asfollows: Dr. R. H. Stevenson, Lexington, Ky., Chairman; LymanYancy,' Owenton, Ky.; WalterMeng, North Middletown, Ky.A SUITABLE GRADUATION GIFT.Eversharp Pencils, $1.00 and up.for graduation.(21-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.SPECIAL FOR WEDNESDAY.Ladies' Brown Suede Pumpsand Oxfords, $17.00 values, for$14.00. WatcvJ papers for ourSaturday Special.HARRY L1NVILLE.SuitsYardcs-'-"THE OFFICE-SEEKERS AND THEPUBLIC.Many people have felt that somediscredit attache? to people whoseek public office. Their idea is thatthe office should seek the man, notthe man the office. Yet the manwho sists down and waits for a jobto come to him, would never get onin business. A few men of very superior ability may be able to takethis attitude bepaus-e the communityis competing for their services. Butthe ordinary fellow must get outand hustle and convince people thatlie has energy and initiative. Onthe whole it is also desirable thatmen who desire a public careershould get out and state' theirclaims for support, and tell whatthey do if elected. . Thereby peopleget a clearer impression of theirpersonality and purposes.Good candidates are beaten because they are too over dignified toget into the "hurly burley" andmuck of politics. No man need feelthat any disgrace attaches to a legitimate canvass. Of course, the average politician is apt to go a gooddeal too far. He is "all things toall men," distributing around vaguepromises -which he can never fulfill.Many men win their way by theircordial handshake and apparentlydeep interest in everyone chey meet.But when they get in they can makegood on but few of their pledges.The American people need to sharpen their wits previous to every election, and not have so many thing,put over on ihem. Men who havenot made a success of anything else,are not commonly useful publicrervants. No amount of smiles andhandshakes and rainbow promisesshould be accepted in the place ofpositive achievement.Another thing, candidates- areusually office holders, who are eitherseeking re-election or wanting another job at the hands of the voters and because they are candidatesmakes them too lax in the performance of their present duties, because the fear of making somebodysore at them and probably losingtheir vote. These men should dotheir duty and brag about it anduse it as an argument for the public's support, 'ihis is the case rightnow in Paris and Bourbon withrome of the candidates, and withthe election nearly two years off, arawe to have no 'service from ourofficials just because they are candidates? Let some of our officials who wantoffice make a hit with the peopleand enforce some of our laws, especially automobile and traffic lawsboth inside the city and county.oMANY, MANY THANKS.Through the press of Paris themembers of Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters of American Revolution, desire to extend their heartythanks to all who contributed evenin the slightest way, to the successof their entertainment, "The Feastof Little Lanterns," given in tneGrand Opera House last week. Tothose who carried forward the musical program, and, in fact, to eachand everyone who gave his or herassistance toward making the entertainment a success, they extendtheir warmest thanks. The entertainment realized a neat little sumwhich will be devoted to the purchase of a marker for marking thesite of Martin's Fort, one of the historical spots in the county, locatennear Ruddles Mills. This place wasmade memorable during the warwith the Indians and looms up as abright spot in the county's history.PICTURES AT THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.Wednesday night at 7: SO in thelecture rooms of the Presbyterianchurch a stereopticon lecture willbe given by Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of the church. The slides forthe lecture and the information ofthe lecture are furnished by the Interchurch World Movement, andpresent in graphic form some of thework of this organization, and someof The needs of the entire world.No collection will be be taken. Noadmission will be charged. A cordial invitation is given to everybodyto attend this lecture, and to get aview of the things that are goingon in the world.oNOVELTY CREATIONS.Beautiful novelties in Jewelry,Diamonds, Beaded Bags, S Iverand Gold. Wedding Gifts inSilver best and most popularpatterns.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(may 21-tf) -oWANTS RELIEF.William L. Smith, a soldier, arpresent in the "Hazlewood Sanitarium, in JLOUisviiie, unaer treatmentfor shell and gas wounds received inaction with A. E. F., in France, habbrought suit in the Feyette CircuitCourt, at Lexington, against hiswife, Mrs. Virginia Smith, for divorce. In -his petition Smith alleges thathis wife has been guilty of misconduct. He states they were marriedin Paris, -Ky.. in December, 1919.WOOL WANTED.We are in the market forwool and will pay the highestmarket price. Call at our officefor sacks and twine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(apr30-tf)SSEf MATING OE THE-GRAND COMMANDERY K. T.COMMERCIAL CLUB1 TO-NIGHT CLOSES 73D SESSIONThere will be an important meet- Kentucky Knights Templar clos.ing of the Bourbon County Com- ed their seventy-third annual Grandmercial Club at the court house to- Conclave at Lexington with a businight (Tuesday), May 25, at TrSO.ness meeting of the Grand Com-u v.iv, A. wiucu matters or generalinterest to the members of the Cluband the community in general willbe discussed.The Commercial Club has been inan inactive state since the openingof the world war, there being ap-narentlv tin rfomanri for- Uc oi-r;,00 -d,, Vv. t. . ,on iNonn uroaaway at noon "ana aties. But now that the country has conce't by Ranshaw's band fn frontbeen restored to a peace basis, and of the court house,another era of reconstruction is For the Sir Knights who reabout due it is well that the city I mained for the evening, Oleikashould have an active working or- Temple, Nobles of the Mysticganmition. All around us we heai shrine, gave a reception and danceof the activities of commercial bod- in the ballroom of the Phoenixies in other cities, and it would b-3 ; Hotel -from 8 to 12 o'clock.a shame if our own city should be alaggard in the race for commercialsupremacy.At this meeting the matter of continuing the Club and of disposing ofa money balance left in the treasurywill be taken up for consideration.Letters apprising the members ofthe intended meeting have beenmailed out by Secretary LowrencePrice.NOTED MISSIONARY WORKERHERE.The refoim work of the FlorenceCnttenton Mission, of Washington,D. C, was explained Sunday to thecongregations of the Paris churchesby Mrs. C. M. Follett, of WashingIon, Eddcational Secretary of theMission. Mrs Follett spoke to thoip.pinh.ers of ihe Bible Class Sundaymorning at the Presbyterian church,and addressed the congregation ofthe Baptist church just before themorning service. She also spoke atthe Christian church, and at theMethodist church at the eveningservice.Mrs. Follett is in Paris to seekmoral and financial support for thecause which she represents. TheFlorence Ciittenton Mission is agreat undenominational missionarysociety for the uplifting of fallengirls, making a way of escapethrough the open doors of the Mission -Homes in America and in foreign countries. As a result of theactivities of the Mission a fine farmof more than three hundred acres,situated between Lynchburg, Va.,j.nd Washington, D. C, has beendonated to the cause, and will bemade into a 'home for the reformedgirls taken from the slums and evilresorts of the cities. There are arpresent several of these homes inVirgfnia, It is the purpose of theMission to build others.GRADUATION GIFTS.Your graduation gifts should bean A. J. Winters Co.'s suggestion.(25-tf)TIRE BARGAINS.Only a few days lpft to buy highest grade tires at great reduction.H. J. GROSCHE,(21-3t) Eighth and High.oIN LINE WITH THE HIGH COST0E THINGS.THE NEWS has received a letterfrom one of the largest supplyhouses in the country, which explains irseJf. Many Paris patrons'have wondered if we have been getring rich because we charged a living price for work. Just read thisletter, a part of which is printed:"Owing to the continued advancein the cost of both labor and rawmaterial we have found it necessaryto make another advance in thsprice of all our products. BeginningMonday, May 24, Ml of our oldprices will be advanced thirty percent. The single exception is .printed and lithographed letterheads,which will be advanced sixty percent.... We are very sorry to becompelled to do this, but we believethat your own experience will enable you to appreciate the situation.We know that your customers willfind that others are adding a stillgreater surcharge."oWOOL WANTED.Highest market price. CallHarvey Hibler, at mule barn,for sacks and twine.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(apr20-2mo)othe McClelland memorialThe Big Spring Chapter, D. A. R.,nave set June 2 as the date for unveiling of the memorial to McClelland and his men and the Revolutionary soldiers buried in Scottcounty. Governor Edwin P. Moriow will deliver an address, andJudge Samuel Wilson, of Lexing- jton, will speak on the subject of the 'Kentuckians honored with this me-'morial. jFormal invitations to attend theunveiling have been received bymembers of Jemima Johnson Chap-'ter, D. A. R., of t-his city, many ofwhom will go to Georgetown on thatday for the occasion. ICOMMENCEMENT ADDRESS !iDr. John J. Tigert, of the University of Kentucky, delivered the address Friday night to the msmbersof the Little Rock High Schoolgraduating class. The class wa.composed of Misses Margaret Clarkeand Agnes Reid, and Mr. HenryThomason. A large crowd attendedthe exercises, which were held inthe Little Rock Christian church.Commandery at the court house,motion picture party at the BenAli Theatre for the visiting- ladies,under the auspices of the Ladies'Auxiliaiy of Webb Commandery,No. 2, a luncheon for the GrandCommandery at the Masonic Temple-t n. t. , iIt has been the most largely attended and in many ways the mostsuccessful conclave of KentuckyKnights Templar ever held in Kentucky, in the opinion of local andvisiting Sir Knights.The next meeting of the GrandCommandery will be held in May,1921, in Mt. Sterling, that citymaking a strong bid for the honor.The following new officers wereelected:S Grand Commander Albert A.Hazelrigg, Montgomery Commandery. No. 5, Mt. Sterling.Deputy Grand Commander Sam-iipI Ppnrpp Rrnwnin? ATp-VSViIIpNo. 10.Grand Generalissimo Miles H.(Davis, Couer de Lion, No. 26, Paris.Grand Captain General JamesKelley, Owensboro, No. 15.Grand Senior Warden Oscar H.Mattmiller, Louisville, 'No. 1.Grand Junior Warden FrederickJ. Mayer, Covington, No. 7.Grand Prelate John RussellY eager, Ryan, No. 17, Danville.Grand Treasurer Robt. C. Stockton, Richmond, No. 19.Grand Recorder Alfred H. Bryant, Covington, No. 7.Grand Standard Bearer DanielBates Shackleford, Richmond, No.19.Grand Swoid Bearer John ToddGraves, Versailles, No. 3.Grand Warder Judge James P.Gregory, DeMolay, No. 12, Louisville. ,Grand Captain of the GuardWalker W. Rubel, Marion No. 24,Lebanon.MOONLIGHT FETE AT SHAWHANThe young men of the Shawhanvicinity wll give a moonlight fetet Shawhan, on the night of Friday,May 28. There will be dancing andrefreshments. The promoters havejust completed one of the largest andmost complete dancing pavilions inthe county, and have engaged asplendid orchestra to furnish -music Ifor the dancers. Everybody is cordially invited to attend.WE KNOW MOWSKELETONSIn many clothes closets there areSuits that didn't suitSuits that failed to keep theirshapeSuits that lost their style and snapSuits that didn't lastYou do not find such clothesas are sold and fitted by us backamong the skeletons.They are up front amongthe ones friend wife or fondmother like to have you wear.We're now showing our Springassortment, fresh from the tailor,in popular patterns and distinctive design.MITCHELL &OUTF5TTERS TO MENNOTED6 LECTURER COMING TOPARISr MAY 28.Col. Dan Morgan Smithy commander in France of the "Battalionof Death." a noted soldier and orator, will spoak at the Methodistchurch, in this city, at eight o'clock,on the night of Friday, May 28. Col.Smith is coming to Paris under theauspices of the Anti-Saloon Leagueof America. His subject on this occasion will be "The" World War andThe Fields of France." There willme no admission fee, but a free willoffering will be taken to aid Infinancing the Worldwide Prohibition.Movement. Soldiers who wanted toxfight in France and soldiers who dillfight in France are especially invitvited to attend.Col. Smith, commanding the "Battalion of Death," went into the battle of St. Mihel with 1,120 men andcame out with 327 men. The namewas given the battalion not becausethe Huns killed so many of his men,but because his men killed so manyof ihe Huns.Col. Dan Morgan Smith, beforeentering the military service, was alecturer of more than -national reputation, having two or three timestoured America from coast to coast,and having spoken m all Ihe largecities of the country. He is one ofthe greatest lecturers on the American, platform to-day. His addresswill be free and all arc welcome tchear him. No one should failtojhear himjERRONEOUS REPORT OF W.G.SWEARENGEN DEATHRelatives and friends in this cityof Mr. W. G. Swearengen, the wellknown trotting horse trainer anddriver, of Carthage, Ohio, weregreatly perturbed and grieved lastweek when the announcement wasmade in the daily papers of thedeath in Cincinnati of a man bythat name. Nothing had beenheard of the illness of the former,and upon investigation the fact developed that the dead man was another W. G. Swearengen. The similarity of initials and name led toihe erroneous report of the formerParis man's death.Mr. Swearengen, who i3 the father of Mrs. Julian R. Howe, andMr. Earl Swearengen, of this city,is in excellent health, and followshis calling each day with all thevigor of a much younger man. Hevigorously denies the report of hisdeath, and states that he is verymuch gratification -to his relativesand friends.oSPECIAL FOR WEDNESDAY.Ladies' Brown Suede Pumpsand Oxfords, $17.00 values, for$14.00. Watch papers for ourSaturday Special.HARRY LINVILLE.BLAKEMOREit -r -i-m ' 12'1 , ,- i.rva, .-ii -'"' '-' M,PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, UXT 2$? 1110. " "-hiANNOUNCEMENTS.!R DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. Ben Woodford, Jr., will make the3.ce for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerim Bourbon County, subject to themetion of the Democratic party.torDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Tirgil L. ("Tuck") Barton willasake the race for Deputy in connection wirti James Moreland, as TaxCommissioner in Bourbon County,snbject 10 the action of the Democratic party.Automobile Repair andMachine ShopOxy-Acetylene Welding1. All workguaranteed.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,228-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.may4-3mo)WATCH YOUR INCOMEAlvin Stealer, of the InternalR?venue Department, with headquarters at Lexington, is in Parisfor the week interviewing citizensof Paris in regard to their incometaxes and looking up delinquents.Mr. Steager has . established headquarters in the court house, wherehe will hold daily receptions for thebenefit of all who are overburdenedwith wealth.'x3-v$4-Tobacco Not Wasted Now.In former times all tobacco confiscated by the English customs authorities was destroyed by burning in afurnace called the king's pipe. Nowadays all such tobacco, as well as thatwhich Is returned as unusable forsmoking, Is sold to manufacturingchemists, who turn it Into sheep dip,Insecticides for the use of gardeners,and the like.Administrator's NoticeAll persons having- claims againstihe estate of Pat J. Kane, deceased,are hereby requested to presentsame, properly proven as required"by law, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselveiiindebted in any way to the estate ofPat J. Kai.e, deceased, are herebyrequested to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make prompt andfull settlement of sucll indebtedness.WM. E. KANE,Administrator of Pat J. Kane.(11-S-wks)Nurse Maid WantedNurse maid wanted. Experienced. Apply in person at Massie Memorial Hospital. Call forMRS. E. L. SNAPP,(21-2t) Superintendent.Lost DogTo Music LoversComplete your home with one ofur up-to-date Player Pianos or latest style Cabinet Talking Machinesthat plays any style disk recordmade; also have two used UprightPianos, reliable make, at a very lowjrice. Just received another shipment of up-to-date Music Rolls.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. Templema-nPiano Company.(9-tf)Hudnall's Taxi Co."Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburs: and Carlisle.' ' CAE NO. 1.reaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg.. .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Central Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Xreave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.Brindle Mouse Hound with redcollar. Bourbon County LicenseTag No. 387. Suitable reward forreturn to undersigned.B. F. BUCKNER,Xalapa Farm.(21-3t) Paris, Ky.Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Screen Doors For SaleTwo good screen doors in excellent condition. Made by carpenterand are of heavy material. Call at811 Pleasant street, or Phone 34.(tf)For SaleTwo-story brick business building, with five-room flat on secondfloor, on. Main street, between Sixthand Seventh. Also, on same street,in same locality, an eight-roombrick residence.H. L. MITCHELL & SON.(lS-tf)FOR SALEPRIVATELY, ; " CAE NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15Arrive Millersburg 12:45Arrive Carlisle, Feeback anda-nd Central Hotel ... 1:15Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25Both Phones 204.p.rop.m. p.m.p.m.p.m.Before closing my place on June1st, I wish to dispose of the following at private sale. Some bargainsif you can use any of the following: 1 Candy Furnace;Several Pulleys;And s number of other .articlesi sed in a place like mine that mustbe sold. Call at once.(18-5t) H. J. GROSCHE.PUBLIC SALEOFCypress Street Cottage.oAs agents for Mrs. I. C. Barnett, we will sell on the premisesSaturday, May 29, 1920,at- 2:30 p. m., her splendid home located on, the east side of CypressStreet, between Boone and Fifteenth.It contains five rooms, bath, gas, electric lights and a good cellar.Lot 50x150 feet.A splendid opportunity for a-ny one in the market for a home.TERMS: Made known on day of sale.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.Earners & Traders Bank Building'.Gumb. Phone 450; Home Phone 394.(21-2t)XIXIX!iIY.IK1XI8X1IMINISTER FORCEDTO QUIT PULPITWidely Known Evangelist WasHelpless Eor Seven Years.Praises Tanlac."Tanlac has benefited nie( so muchI wish I could go all over the country and tell the people about thiswonderful medicine," declared Rev.Rev. Chailes H. Sanders, 1821Fourth Avenue, Huntington, W. Va..recently.The Rev. Mr. Sanders, -who iswidely known as an evangelist, especially in the Southern States, hasbeen a minister in the SouthernMethodist church, West VirginiaConference, for twenty-five years, iba member of I. O. O. F. Lodge No.251, Huntington, and is not onlyprominent as a minister of the gospel, but is popular as a man andcitizen.Rev. Mr. Sanders is by no meansthe only minister to come forwardwith his unqualified endorsement o:Tanlac, as many hundreds of all denominations, North, East, South andWest in fact, throughout the entire American continent, have testified to having used the medicinewith the most astonishing and gratifying results. In describing hiscase and failure to heretofoie findrelief, Rev. Sanders said:"At the time I began taking Tanlac I had suffered from stomachtrouble, loss of appetite, and rheumatism for twenty years, the lesrseen years of which I was almostat helplees as a baby. The rheumatism finally got so bad that I actually forgot all about my stomachtrouble vnd lost appetite."Hundreds of my friends aroundHuntington know what an awfuicondition 1 was in, and I was expecting the end to come most anytime. For seven months 1 couldn'tmove a leg or an arm of course Ihad to give up my work and untiltaking my first Tanlac 1 -had gottenvery little better. Acting under advice of physicians that a warmer climate might help me, I, several yearsago carried on my work for twoyears through the Southern States,but returned home without anybenefit: I had also tried all kinds ofmedicines with no relief."Finally in reading about TanlacI ran across a testimonial from aman I knew personally and that idwhy I bought Tanlac, and I want tosay right now that the first bottlemade a wonderful improvement inmy condition. I have just finishedmy fourth bottle now and I feel likea new man. The stomach troubleand rheun-atisin have disappearedentirety. I am eating just anythingand everything I want, and havegained ten pounds in weight. I endorse Tanlac without hesitation, forsuch a medicine is a blessing t'qsuffering humanity."Tanlac is sold in Paris at th'Peoples' Pharmacy.(adv)oTHE CONGRESSIONAL RACEIn the Kentucky races to be runin November little has developed inthe past week. The formal announcement of Senator J. C. W.Beckham for re-election lias notbeen made, although it is almosicertain that he will have no opposition for the Democraic nomination,vhich was the consensus of opinionalmong all leaders at the State Convention in Louisville. Richaid P.Ernst, who has made formal announcement of his candidacy for tuenomination, has opened an extensiveadvertising campaign in the State.Although many aspirnts for the ReAl though many aspirants forthe Refew months ago, thej' were "hushedup" by the party rulers.oB0 YOUR BEST.Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors 1West FifhIStreetTelephone No. 4-mm..2lifSHfiwfctiMSTStphi mmI 'f.BHi 1K9nb' vV'UH"-B JMfnmm 2 niy sSATISFACTION IOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-merits in laundry appliances IIIa and exnert helners wp arp 'vM prepared to do work infe-M rior to none, and solicit ;your patronage.The Bourbon Laundry"Paris, KentuckyFOR A WEAK SJOMACH.v ;As a general rule all you need todo is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keepyour bowels regular. When you feelthat you have eaten too much andwhen constipated, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets.(may-adv)oLet Us Pursue It.Let us not conline ourselves 'to barren words In recognition of virtue.While we see the right, and approveit, too, let us dare to pursue itCharles Sumner. gT-SGraham Springs HotelHarrodsburg, Ky.Annual Opening ThursdayEvening, May 27, 1920SUPPER 6 TO S DANCING 9 TO 2BEN C. ALLEN, ProprietorEveryone should do all he can toprovide for his family and in orderto do this he must keep his physicalsystem in the best condition possible. No one can reasonably hopeto do much when he is half sick cgood sLare of the time. If you areconstipated, bilious or troubled withindigestion get a package of Chamberlain's Tablets and follow theplain printed directions, and youwiJl soon be feeling alright and ableto do a day's work.(may-adv)oEasy to Thread.A Redditclt needle maker has invented a new kind of needle whichmakes "threading" much more easythan with the orthodox type. His needle, 'Instead of having a complete loopfor its eye, has a tiny gap in the loop,Into which the thread can be slippedInstantly without the wearisome dodging that the present type requires.SUGGESTIONS FOR A CAMPINGTRIP.Buy . a bottle of t Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy beforeleaving home. As a rule it cannot beobtained -when on a hunting, fishing or prospecting trip. Neithercan it be obtained while on boardthe cars or steamships and at suchtimes and places it is most likely tobe needed. The safe way is to haveIt with yu.(may-adv)oThe Green Heron.The green heron, which Is sometimescalled the fly-up-the-creek, is aboutone and one-half feet long, and is common throughout the United States andCanada. It feeds mostly on fish, frogsand other aquatic animals, and maybe seen, particularly In the morningand In the evening, standing patientlymotionless In some shallow - water,waiting till prey comes within reach.V ' -,,.., ';WEST BADEN SPRINGS HOTELTHE MOST BEAUTIFUL RESOKT m AMERICAThe Charm of the Great Atriumis unchanging. In this wonderful, immense indoor garden there is rest, relaxation, never-endingdelight.Golf, Horseback Riding, Motoringin the foothills of the Cumberlands. A wealth of scenic beauty and abundant pleasures of thebig outdoors.The Sherwoodsorchestra and versatile entertainers, in daily musical features ana novelty dance programs everynight.Mineral Springs and Bathsfamous for more than a century for curative properties an d for the renewal of vitality andstrength. x -1Health, Rest, Recreation, PleasureyRLJ AMERICAN iWESTSend for Illustrated FoldersTHEBADEN SPRINGSWEST BADEN, INDIANACO.m- i4.r:TODAY is your opportunity toplace your order for delivery of aBuick Valve-in-Head motor car tomorrow, next week, or longer delaymay cause your waiting thirty, sixtyor ninety days in securing delivery.Buick demands are increasing steadilyeach day and present purchasing isadvised as a protection in future motorcar delivery. It is a vital and important subject that demands the immediate consideration of motor carpurchasers, for Buick dealers alreadyare receiving hundreds of orders forthe summer and fall months.Should you prefer earlier delivery,take advantage of to-day's opportunity in placing your order.Prices f. o. b. Flint, MichiganModel K-44 . $1595.00 Model K-47 . $2465.00Model K-45 . $1595.00 Model K-49 $18S.OOModel K-46 . $2235.00 Model K-50 . $2895.00 -Prices Revised April 1, 1920h 'nB40When better automobiles are built, Buick will build tiem IThe C. S. Ball GarageCor. fourth and Pleasant Sts.m...."Hi ',)N--.w&-;''A-.. ." 'kt;'lSw,' - 1L-W r -.,V. . . v, .-Ji-V ?.:,S"4y'"if " -'iU'-s VA 4r -'5oJ 'A,j5!rft, v"" ifc i-X- i' s- r- " ,- ryTUESDAY, MAT 25, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- 'V . -,PAGETHRH- ' 'v VAnother Royal SuggestionBISCUITS, BUNS and ROLLSFrom the New Royal Cook BookBISCUIT! What delight this word suggests. So tender they fairlymelt in the mouth, and ofsuch glorious' flavor thatthe appetite is never satisfied. These are the kind ofbiscuits anyone can makewith Royal Baking Powderand these unusual recipes.Biscuits2 cups flour4 teaspoons Royal BakingPowderteaspoon salt2 tablespoons shorteningvi cup milk or half milk andhalf waterSift together flour, "baking powder and salt, add shortening andrub in very lightly; add liquidslowly; roll or pat on floured'board to about one inch inthickness (handle as little aspossible); cut with biscuit cutter.Bake in hot oven 15 to 20 minutes. Royal Cinnamon Buns2i cups flour1 teaspoon salt4 teaspoons Royal BakingPowder2 tablespoons shorteningleggcup watercup sugar2 teaspoons cinnamon4 tablespoons seeded raisln3Sift 2 tablespoons of measuredsugar with flour, salt and baking powder; rub shortening inlightly; add beaten egg to waterand add slowly. Roll out inchROYALPOWDERA!s2$3igiel3? Pas9thick en floured board; brushwith melted butter, sprinkle withsugar, cinnamon and raisins.,Roll as for jelly roll; cut intom inch pieces; place with cutedges up on well-greased pan;sprinkle with a little sugar andcinnamon. Bake in moderateoven 30 to 35 minutes; remotefrom pan at once.Parker House RollsA cups flour1 teaspoon salt6 teaspoons Royal BakingPowder2 tablespoons shorteningV& cups milkSift flour, salt and baking powder together. Add melted shortening to milk and add slowly todry ingredients stirring untilsmooth. Knead lightly on flouredboard and roll out inch thick.Cut with biscuit cutter. Creaseeach circle with back of knifoone side of center. Butter thesmall section ar.d fold largerpart well over the small. Placeone inch apart in greased pan.Allow to stand 15 minutes inwarm place. Brush each withmelted butter and bake in moderate oven 15 to 0 minutes.Write TODAY for the NewRoyal Cook Book; contains 400 other recipes justas delightful as these. Willfehow you how to add interest and variety to yourmeate. AddressL3iKOYAL EAEEsG P0T7DE3 CO. 8 0115 Fulton Street UKevr York City 1 1I -J I1 Make wmk Royal and be bum .WARNS PEOPLE AGAINST FURTHER EXTRAVAGANCE"The dance of industrial death" isthe manner in which, the Americanpublic extravagance is described byJ. H. Tragoe, Secretary-Treasurerof the National Association of CreditMen, m a letter issued to the organization's members. He says, inpart:"The dance of industrial death inwhich, the American public now isparticipating should cease before ithas to pay the piper."The extravagance of our citizenssince Armistice Day is one of thosopsychological phenomena to whicliman is subject. Duiing the warperiod we sacrificed gladly, butwith the cessation of hostilities therestrained feelings broke loose anawe went on a rampage of extravagance such as never before hadbeen exhibited in this land."This nation is sound fundamentally, and the soundness will continue if people will give up theirfolly, will become diligent, waswork during a time of stress andstrain, and thus help to bringabout a gradual definition in currency so that prices may steadilyrecede."COX BOOSTER SPECIAL TO DEMOCRATIC CONVENTIONWhile definite arrangements forthe journey of the Kentucky delegation to San Francisco have not beenmade, the suggestion that they jointhe "Cox Boosters' Special" fromOhio has met with popular approval,since twenty of Kentucky's twentysix delegates have been instructedto vote for the Ohio Governor andothers are known to favor his candidacy. The itinerary of the "CoxSpecial" provides for visits to :inumber of interesting points in theWest, including the Grand Canyon.Managers of the Cox campaignhave not been idle, calling atte-ntionto the "militant Democrats of Ohio,more than 100,000 of whom went tothe polls to register their preferencealthough there was no other name onthe ballots than that of James M.Cox." They gave emphasis also tothe result in Kentucky when friendsand supporters of William G. McAdoo made such an effort to win anuninstructed delegation to the SanFrancisco convention.STATE SUPERINTENDENT URGESCARE IN SELECTINGOFFICERS.Superintendent of Public Instruction George Colvin is sending outcircular letters to 'county superintendents emphasizing the importanceof selecting the right persons for attendance officers. In view- of thefact that the attendance officers willhave in their power to render popular the attendance law, Superintendent Colvin believes he shouldbe a person possessed of sound common sense, diplomacy and initiative.Professor Colvin .suggests that asummer school of. instruction beheld for the purpose of informingthe attendance officers of their duties and that the movement belinked up with the Red Cross.- o ."PEERLESS ONE" WANTS TORULE OR RUIN.What the Republican party needsmost is a Presidential candidate sotaking that the nation will totallyforget the sixty-sixth Congress.BRING US YOUR JUNKWE ARE NOW PAYINGSCRAP IRON, por 100 lbs 80cOLD RAGS, per 100 lbs $3.00BOOKS andXHLD MAGAZINES, per 100 lbs $1.50HIGHEST PRICES FOR BEEF AND HORSE HIDESLEON RENAKER & CO.(may 18-1 m) Opposite Windsor HotelWilliam Jennings Bryan, whowants to ruin when he cannot rule,, has declared in vigorous style' against Gov. Cox, of Ohio, for theDemocratic " nomination for President. It is a matter of but a weekor so since Bryan was sent into AIlabama by the Anti-Saloon League to'.make speeches and help beat OscarI Underwood, who won by a large majority, as he should have and weJldeserved. The Anti-Saloon Leagueofficials both at national headquarters in Westerville, O., and in Kentucky, are playing the politicalgame exactly as the Republicanleaders wish them to. Democratsshould remember that.MLfcjfew Ml fc Wrn1i(f-owl 1AoncdTstaucACourtesy is ReciprocalWhen a man walks into a store and "snaps" at theclerk, he is usually not greatly surprised if the clerk'sreply is a little "snappish," too; human nature is builtthat way.The young women who operate the telephone switchboards are taught that they must be courteous to patronsif they wish to retain their places. Yet telephone operators are human just like other folks.Things do not always go exactly right around thetelephone exchange just as in the office, the store, or evenin the home. No telephone apparatus has yet been manufactured that works absolutely perfectly, all the time andunder all conditions.Some delays, inconveniences, and some poor servicemust be expected. Eve trains are sometimes late; storedeliveries sometimes go astray, and letters sometimesreach the wrong address.And, somehow, when things go wrong around thetelephone office, "calling down" the operator never seemsto remedy them."At Your Service"" Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.Tncnraorated) .J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.rTocATlONCDljTANCntoningMOTHER!"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best Laxative- JSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Ben Buekner has returned from a visit to relatives in Richmond. Mrs. Joe Head, of Richmond, isa guest of her sister, Mrs. E. M.Dickson, on Stoner avenue.Miss Lavinia Rickets, of Madison, Wis., is a guest of her sister,Mrs. Emily Parker, in this city.Mrs. E. C. Rowland and littleton, Charles Rowland, are visitingrelatives in Hurricane, West Virginia. Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Bowmanhave returned to their home in Versailles after a visit to relatives inthis city.Harry, Harvey and EdgarBlanton, of Richmond, spent theweek-end as guests of Mr and Mrs.Ben Buekner, at Xalapa Farm.Miss Leslie McClure has returned to her home in Detroit, Mich., after a visit to her parents, Dr. andMrs. P. L. McClure, near LittleRock.Prof. R. D. Squires, of Waynesviile, Ind., formerly principal of theuarnsle Graded High School, is aguest of his brother, VA. J. Squires inthis city.Mrs. George Batterton, of Paris,and Mrs. Duke Smith, of Cynthiana,left Sunday for a visit to Mr. andMrs. George Adair, in Pensacola.Oklahoma.Mr. and Mrs. Willis Jacoby,Miss Virginia Jacoby, and Mr. andAirs. William Kenney Thomas spent!he week-end in Lexington with Mr.and Mrs. J. S Johnson.Harry O. James, of Paris, is apatient at St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, where he underwent anoperation Friday. He was reportedyesterday as being improved.Mr. and Mrs. Edsell CJark Averuhosts to the members of the Juniorend Senior classes of the LittleRock Graded School recently, attheir home near Little Rock.John H. Doty and Jas. L. Hillreturned Friday from BowlingGieen, where they attended the '-.es-tionsof. the Grand Encampment ofKentucky Odd Fellows as deletesfrom Bourbon Lodge. The nextmeeting of the Grand Encampmentwill be held in Paris, in May, 1921.Ben Clark Wilson, of Paris, recently underwent an operation atT.he Miami Valley Hospital, at Dayton, Ohio, in wrhich a portion of hishnd was amputated. In a postcardto THE NEWS Mr. Wilson stated hewas getting along nicely, and hopedto be able to leave the Hospital ina few days.Miss Frances Hancock, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hancock,of Paris, is a member of the graduating class of 1920 at the ScarrittBible Training School, in KansasCity, which number eighteen, representing twelve States, and withone of the members a native ofJapan. The commencement exercises were held Saturday and yesterday. Miss Hancock, who is a graduate of the Paris High School, willcorre to Taris for a brief visit. Shewill go later to St. Louis, Mo., where?,he will take a place in the missionary service as a Deaconess probationer, to which she was appointedby the faculty of the ScarritfSchool.(Other Personals on Page 5)JUST WIND IT UP.A bunch of people, among theman old colored woman, stood watching the demonstration of an eleciric washing machine in the window of the Merringer plumbingestablishment. The people watchedthe workings of the machine withvarying degrees of interest, but theold colored woman seemed to be theone most interested.She was greatly amazed whentold the machine would do a day'swashing in a very short time. After she had been gazing on it forpome time with an enchanted expression, another colored womansidled up to her and asked: "Whatsdat thing in dere?" "Why, sister,"exclaimed the old woman, "dat's awashing machine. All you does isto put de close and de water in Itand wind it up, and it does dewurk!"One thing that always moves usto astonishment is how wise GeorgeCreel can look in his pictures.Accept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand .most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oto give morrow first iawbook op Mckinley.Governor Edwin P. Morrow willbe the recipient of the first lawbook purchased by the martyredPresident, William McKinley. Thisbook is in the possession of D. C.Heron, of Louisville, and was givento him by George I. Hammond, former private secretary to Mr. McKinley. Mr. Heron was in Frankfort to present the book to Governor Morrow, but as the Governorwas in Louisville he took the bookback with him.0 .It ought to be easy for members ofoveralls clubs to buy garments fromplumbers who am aRmi t .i to their Newport estate. ,SUMMERSHOWING-OF-VOILE DRESSESGEDRGETTand a most extraordinary showing of the latest styles inAGE HATSTwin Bros.Department Stwt -7thand Main Paris, Kyaaa i ti( iifMi BfriaaaLBaaBBBjBBBaaaajBBja LSr' - J!M""""""May we give you the book which helped thousandto get their phonograph in the cabinet of their ideaffIN the fascinating pages of "Edison andMusic" you will learn the characteristicsof the exquisite styles developed by the OldMasters in England, France and Italy.Seventeen beautiful plates illustrate theNew Edison's cabinets, each of which is adirect adaptation from some historic furniture treasure.No one should buy a phonograph withoutgetting this book. It's free.OBERDORFER,The DruggistMAIN STREET PARIS, KY.BaBaaaaaHHHBiiiHiBiBMBMMiiHaBMZZZZ!!ZZZZr!!!24"M""MM"M'"'"'M . wmmm IIT IT MH WD! II JU U lr.lL JO ji JA) IWe are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloadsLet as furnish you estimates.We can save you money. AThompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentuckysng 3 --HzrmnsmSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 "samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials" used.KANE BROS.PARIS, KENTUCKYHome Phone 399flf lliJgarA-g-fs-----r(till July 1)i-!"--gr;gf4HfoiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiittiiiitiiiiitiMiiiiiniiiniiinniimiiiiminfnimmtummniim mumit i n uminntniiiiiiimif tinnmnAWilliam K. Hagan G ybNArchitects G EngineersPAEiy. Kt.FIZST NATIONAL BANKlllllinilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllgimmiifimiAMmmmismmiAinrUse Liverpool SaltWill not harden in the barrel.Can be had at either end of town.SOLD BYCollier Bros.Office OppMit Paris Tbcc r. -..,-. r ...ripiwiwimUsha. MK. km l, rimn wi --v . -mTiS. vs.,.1 ,.v'PAGirOUKTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 25, 1920.VSALVATION ABMY DRIVEAlargp audience filled the GrandOpera House, Sunday afternoon, theoccasion being the mass-meeting. held to further the interests of theSalvation Army drive for funds withvhich to finance iheir great work.The principal address of the afteraroon was made by Judge SamuelWilson, of Lexington, who hadspent some months overseas in th-3cervice, and knew of the great workcarried on there by the Army.Judge Wilson was introduced to 1hcaudience by County Judge GeorgeBalterton, chairman for Bourboncounty. Judge Wilson, in his address, paid a masterly tribute to theunselfish character of the workdone and proposed to be done bythe Salvation Army and gave hisauditors some personal reminiscences of the life overseas. Judge Wilson was followed by two overseasmen from Camp Taylor, who gaveshort addresses, in which they told- of the work of the Salvation Armyfor the boys in the irenches and inthe camps. A musical program wasrendered. No collection was takenat this meeting.Of the county's quota of $3,000,County Judge Batterton and bis coworkers secured in pledges Saturr dcy the s-um of $1,300. Contributions ranging- from $1.00 to S50were received. The- campaign willbe continued through this week, unlil the entire amount has been raised It is the aim of the committeeto pecure th s mount in small contributions. The public will be solicited io contribute to this worthyci use.Farms For SaleJUST A MATTER OF CHOICEWith the return of the brightSpring days and the promise of thelinmino' Cnmmar in flio oir tCA TYinVexpect to again hear the discussionregarding Sunday sports and games.The automobile has to-a certain extent changed the old-time observance of the Sabbath, and few homesremain in America where the playing of the piano on Sunday is prohibited. Laboring men and womenhave neither the leisure nor themeans to devote to week-day pleasures. The hand of necessity is ontheir shoulders. But for one day inseven, if they are not too deadlytired from the excess of the week'swork, thev may go out and see orparticipate in popular sports andgames. And we believe they willdemand this privilege.Any other day with them is impossible. Hence they demand theright to get out where they canbreathe and laugh and rejoice, evenas do people of leisure. Tbe laborerwith the clean heart demands forhimself the right to walk, to swim,to sniff the breeze of the creek, togo to the ball game, to visit thecountry, or even to go to the movieshow (outside of Paris, of course.)Certainly the laboring people are onthe side of a well-observed Sunday,but the; fact doesn't necessarilymean that they prefer to sit downand read "The Lives of The Saints"or "Fox's Book of Martyrs." Theyknow they can observe the Sabbathsplendidly -and religiously by fillingtiicii lungs with fresh air and theirsouls with the joy of outdoors.They know that by so doing theywill find rest for both mind andbody.182 acre fine rolling and fiatlimestone soil, not steep, along largocreek. Fields well watered by neverfailing springs.All woven wire fences -mostlynew hog proof. Good seven-roomhouse. Stock barn and modern cowstable, 12 stalls. New Silo, HogFarrowing Barn and Corn Crib.Two 40 x 72 Tobacco Barns,one new. Two Stripping Housesand other cu "hidings. Excellenttobacco ground, Clover and Alfalfa;some fruit ere' and much timber.School house within 150 rods ofhouse. On pike 3 miles from townand Ohio River.Price. $95.00 per acre.-EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Bishop Realty Company, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr soldFriday to Mr.- Wm. H. Merritt, aframe cottage located on Parrisnavenue, for $2,200.With George D. Speakes acting asauctioneer, the real estate firm -ofHarris, Speakes & Harris sold atpublic auction Saturday for theowner, H. R. Smith, the Ransonproperty, located on South Mainstreet, for $8,500. John W. Wright,of near Paris, was the purchaser.Mr. Wright will get possession ofthe property in a few days.The Bishop Realty Co. sold atpublic auction Saturday afternoon,for Mrs Porter Jett, the Jos. M.Rion property, located on Secondstreet, to B. Friedman, for $7,500.The sale was cried by Auctioneer J.A. Squires. Mrs. Jett purchasedthe property a few weeks ago at apublic sale conducted by Harris &Speakes, for Houston Rion, administrator of the estate of his mother,Airs. Jos. M. Rion.It. F. CLENDENIN LEADS AGENCY FORCE OF THE WESTERNMUTUAL LIFE INS. CO.FOR GRADUATION GIFTS.140 acres extra strong rollinglimestone soil, not steep, alonglarge creek. Fields watered by never-failingspiings. Well fenced.Horse stable, new stock barn, modern cow stable, 14 stalls, new silo.Two large tobacco barns and stripping house.Excellent 8-room stone house,cow crib, smoke house and severalother bulding. Some timber andmany fruit trees, alfalfa and clover.Most of this ground will raise finotobacco. On pike 2 miles fromtown.Price, $115.00 per acre BARGAIN. Haven't time for proper management. Can give possession with tenantson farms anytime, and one-half ofstock.Call or write,Dr. Thos. Longworth,Nifty Novelty Goods for Graduation gifts. - . - -(21-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.oATTENTION, FARMERS!The tobacco season is late,but the use of some of SWIFT'Shigh grade Fertilizer, containing FIVE PER CENT POTASH,will hasten the growth andbring the crop to maturity inample time. We strongly recommend using this, more especially a reason likethe present.We still have a limited amountof this SPECIAL Tobacco Fertilizer unsu d, and would advise placing your order NOW.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may 21-tf)fpl-it XT-.TrT-ii. aai oi-n IVTiiiiiMl T.ifft Tn-jsurance Company has just issued theHonor L.oll Card for April, winchshows that Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent, of this city,stands at the head in the number oflives insured for the month of April.During1 the past four months, theNorthwestern Mutual's new business has amounted to $137,766,957.00 as compared to $98,657,-940-00 for the first four months ofu.st yeai-iMr. Clendenin is in a contest try-4ing to lead the entire agency forcefor the past twelve months, whichcontest closes June 1. In the lascfew days the agent at Atlanta, Ga.,has crowded the New York andSouth Dakota men out of first place,but Mr. Clendenin feels that he willcrowd the Georgia man out by June1 1, and is making every effort to winthe coveted prize.0PAPJS HIGH SCHOOL NOTES!PICTUEE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.(25-8t)FELICITY. OHIOTo Auto OwnersI have taken the agency fr-r lhCOFFIELD TIRE PROTECTOR.This-Protector has been on the market for the past four years, and is.not an experiment, being reegmmended by owners of all classes ofcars from the light Ford to the heaviest touring cars.They protect the tire and tubefrom stone bruises and punctures.turning 8 and 10 penny nails a.,readily as tacks. They do notcause heat or friction.Watch this space weekly for letters from satisfied users of CoffieldTire Protectors.Letter No. 1, from H. I. Channer.of Channer & Sawyer, Brokers,Cincinnati, Ohio:"I am using two sets of CoffieldTire Protectors; one set I have hadon a Marmon car used in GoodyearCord Tires, which have run approximately 9,000 miles without ever being taken off the wheels. I considerthis a wonderful performance andhaye recommended them to a greatmany of my friends."Coffield Tire Protectors will giveyou the same service.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.,Cumberland Phone 891.To-day, Tuesday, May 25 HobertBosworth, in "Behind The Door;"Ruth Roland, in "The Adventuresof Ruih;"' Prizma Colorpicture,"Guatemala."To-morrow, Wednesday, May 26Dorothy Dalton, in "His Wife'sFriend;" Serial, "The Lost City;"Topics of the Day.Thursday, May 27 Elaine Hammerstein, in "The Shadow of RosalieBurns;" Comedyart Production,"Mother's Ar.gel;" Vod-a-Vil Movies. Gregg's Oichestra plays afternoon oncl night.Added attraction all week, Chas.Muscroft, lately of the B. F. KeithCircuit, in vaudeville stunts.BOURBON GUN CLUB.The Bourbon Gun Club's initialshoot will take place next Fridayafternoon, on the new club grounds,near Stoner Creek, beginning at twe'clock. An interesting programbus been prepared for the shooters.Pnectatorb are welcome. All club! members are urged to be present atthis "opening event.oSPECIAL FOR WEDNESDAY.Ladies' Brown Tuede Pumpsand Oxfords, $17.00 values, for$14.00. Watch papers for our! Saturday Special,j HARRY LINVILLE.The Latin tournament, fiist in theState, was held at Paris, May 15,1920. Prof. T. T. Jones, of StateUniversity, conducted the examination. The questions for the contestants were presented by the WalnutHills High School, Cincinnati, andthis school also corrected the papers and announced the winners inthe contest as follows:First Year Latin Ida Hose Birdwhistell, Hnrrodsburg High School,and Annabelle Water, LouisvilleGirls' High School, tied.Cannnrl Vonr T.Jltin fflneR.'ir'iMiss Joe H. Ewalt, Paris Higb?School.Third Year Latin (Cicero) MaryAgnes Goodloe, Hamilton College,Lexington, and Jessie Lathran,Flemingsburg High School, tied.Fourth Year Latin (Virgil)Cary Robertson, Louisville Boys'High School.Miss Joe Ewalt, the winner of thegold medal in the Second Year Latin, Caesar, is a daughter of Mr. JoeEwalt, of near Paris, and leads theSonhomore Class in scholarship.! Miss Ewalt wins in the Latin tournament without any restriction, andParis High School is justly proud ofits second year representative.RE-ENGAGED AS AUCTIONEERJ. A. Squires has been re:engagedas auctioneer for the 1920-1921season by the Independent TobaccoWarehouse Co., of Paris. Mr.Squires will leave on July 1 forRaynor, South Carolina, where hewill auction tobacco for two months.From there he will go to Greenville,North Carolina, for two months, returning to Paris before the localmarkets lecpen for the season. W.H. Wikoff has been retained on thestaff of auctioneers .for the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., andwill continue in that capacity whenthe markets open again in December. In the meantime he will beon tbe floors of the Manning andMounty Royal markets in SouthCarolina, before returning to Paris.oFew women paint themselves asothers see them.DYKES & TURNERContracting Paintersand DecoratorsPARIS, - - - KENTUCKYLong experience and thorough knowledge of our workenables us to get the business. We're getting it, too!See us before placing your order.Our Work Stands the Test.Diykes & TurnerHome Phone 528The annual gymnastic exhibitionof the Paris City High School willbe held in the school gymnasiumon Thursday and Friday afternoons,May 27 and 28, at 2 o'clock. Theprogram will consist of exercises,games and tactics, such as make upihe regular daily lessons of thechildren. Parents and friends oiihe school are cordially invited onttend the exercises, which are under the direction of Miss Ennis, j1-hysical .director in City School.RELIGIOUS.nThe business and social meeting of Rev. C. H. Greer's SundaySchool class of the Methodist churchwill be held at the home of Mrs.Earl Shanklin, on Nineteenth street,to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon,at three o'clock. All the membersare .urged to be present.oStrangely enough, some people gethotter as a result of cool treatmentthan they do if you roast them.Lumber For Sale.At tllA nlrl Pqm'o Tkicfillincr in r- I-.--. ..N. UV. J. J.i .IO ilOUlll'Ug JJ. j Iplace, on the North Middletown Ipike, a large quantity of poplar and jpi-jo. jcm vviiiuusi xiuiei, jumoerland phone 637, of W. C. Bell, Cumberland Phone 1094, for particulars. (25-tf)For SaleA good three-year-old Jersey jmilk and butter cow, due to be fresh Jin a few days. Has had third calf. ;Lack of pasturage only reason for jselling. j(25-2t)B. J. BRANNON.jejLOSTBetween Paris and Nicholasville,a dress suit case containing woman's clothing. Reward for returnIo J. L. Brooks, R. F. D. 3., Berry, jKy., or to The Log Cabin office,Cynthiana. (It)LOSTNear ihe L. and N. passengerstation in this city, Sunday morning, a gold finger ring, with a dia-aiond setting. Ring was wrappedwith small rubber band. Liberalreward for return to this office.iKxavxrcaePowdered Milk1Has All of Its Original Fresh Milk !Flavor 1KLIMBra ridPOWDERED jVIILKWhen water is added to KLIM it isjust what it was at first fresh milknothing added: no change inchaiacter or flavor.MISS LIZZIE HILL,(25-lt) Representative.The Daddy Man'Always feels himself a "buffer betweenthe knocks and hardships of the world and thehelplessness of the child.This is all right while he lives but if something should happen to the father, who will bethe ' 'buffer' ' then?87 1-2 per cen t of all the estates left foradministration consist only of Life Insurance.How unwise for a man to think that he is allsufficient in providing an estate for those heloves.LIFE INSURANCE is theonly sure way.R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank BIdg.PARIS, KY.aaiThe girls of the Home EconomicsDepartment will serve tea to allpatrons and friends of the school onThursday and Friday, May 28 and29, from 4 to 5 p. m.The girls of this departmenthave done excellent work in cooking this past semester and recentlyserved a luncheon to the membersof the faculty. They also hadcharge of the lunch served to t-hestudents who took part in the LatinTournament.OLEIKA TEMPLE CEREMONIAL.The greatest ceremonial in the .histoiy of the Oleika Temple MysticOrder of Shriners, of Lexington, wasstaged in that city Friday, when aclass of 131 novices made the longjourney across the hot sands. Animposing array of Nobles and candi-dates formed at the Masonic Ternpie immdeitely after the noon re-;cess, the morning having been takenup wilh registration of the novices,and irarched to the scene of the ceremonial, where the candidates wereput through all the gaits for whichthe Shriners are famous. Three ofthe novices were Bourbon countymen, Edward F. Spears, of Paris,and T. P. Jones and Earl Plummer,of Millersburg. A large number ofShriners from Paris and the countyattended the ceremojiial.oNORTH MIDDLETOWN SCHOOLCOMMENCEMENT EXERCISESThe commencement exercises ofthe North Middletown GradedSchool will be held on Tuesday,June 8. The baccalaureate sermonwill be delivered to the members ofthe graduating class on Sunday,June 6, by Rev. Frank M. Tinder,of North Middletown, in the Christian church, in North Middletown.The members of the 1920 graduating class are Misses Laura Bellopalzell, Mildred Gillispie and Willie Davis Judy, and Mitchell Tinder.Cbrorrirfit. 1920.A B. Kirschbaxua- CompanySummer Clothesthe Lake BPALM BEACHESas Cool asTROPICAL WORSTEDSMOHAIRSYou're looking for cool clothes this warm weather? You'll find your wants suppliedright here, as our stock of Summer Clothes is complete. Every garment is highly tailoredgiving assurances of holding their shape and good fit. New patterns and colors have beenselected in these garment Compare our clothes with those elsewhere at the prices.$12.50 to $35.00$2;50 Wash SuitsCut to$3,00 Wash SuitsGut to$3.50 Wash SuitsCut toSPECIAL PRICE ON WASH SUITS$1.75$2.25$2.75$4.00 Wash SuitsGut to$5.00 Wash SuitsCut to$3.25$3.95This Sale This Week Only!R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.1V','&'-- ;TUESDAY, MAY 2d, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KENTUCKYPAGE FITSSnfr,w&fert&i,FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEGIFTS TO GRADUATES.Gruen, Elgin,Wa1tham, Hamilton and Howard Watches.Satisfaction and service guaranteed. THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(may21-tf)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.STRAW HATS ARE READY.If it comes from Davis you maybe sure the style is correct $4 up.TENNESSEE STRAWBERRIES DIRECT FROM THE PATCHNice led, ripe Tennessee strawberries direct from the patch received daily at our store. Orderyours early if you v. ant any.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.FARM BUREAU ESTABLISHESt omcE m court house.The Bouibon County Farm Bureau has established headquartersin the basement ot the court housb,heie membeis will be welcome. Acomfortably-fitted office has beenprovided, with Miss Elizabeth Jasper in charge as secretary and stenographer. Cumbeiland TelephoneNo 1009 has been installed in theoffice.oRECITAL BY PUPILS OP MISSGILTNERThe pupils of Miss G-iltner wiUgive a recital at the Paris HighSchool Auditorium, on Thursdayafternoon and eveninsr. to whichthe public is cordially invited. The pital. Judge Howard i3 consideia-Children's Recital will take place oiy improved, following an operaon Thursday afternoon at four--Mrs. A. B. Davis, of Covington,i visiting friends and relatives inthis city.Miss Emma Louise Patterson,of Lexington, was a guest for theweek-end of Miss Elizabeth Clarkm this city.Claude M. Thomas has icturned,m, a trip t0 Pints in Texas andOklahoma, where he has large andvaried business interests.Prof. C. P. Martin, Mrs. Martinand daughter, Miss Micha Martin,of Carlisle, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.C. H. Dalzell and family, nea:Paris.Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell andDaughter, Miss Bebecca Purnell,have taken rooms at the residenceof Mrs. Mattie Purnell, on Henderson street.Mrs. Anna Higgle left for Covington, Thursday, to be with herdaughter-in-law, Mrs. Walter Riggle, who is to undergo a serious operation there.Mrs. Carl Crawford left yesterday for Giaham Springs, wheie shewiU have charge of the dining roomand culinary service at the GrahamSprings Hotel for the summer season. Mis. James E. Craen andchild en, Elizabeth and James E.Craven, Jr., and Mis. Leslie Kealand daughter, Miss Louise Keal,have returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. Wm. H. Taylor has leturn-e-dto his home in Falmouth after aplasant visit to his brother, Mr. J.S3. Taylor, in East Paris The latterhas been seriously ill with blocdpoising, but is improving slowly.Judge H. Clay Howard has returned from Rochester, Minn.,where he has been a patient for several weeks at the Mayo Bros.' Hos-LEXINGTON BOOSTERS HERETO-DAY.o'clock. The violin and piano recital Avill be held Thursday nightat eight o'clock, also Friday evening at eight o'clock.I linn noi fnrm.fl of flio tTnonitnl"" JVHUiUlvU U I, LJ.1& J.J.VJJJILO.1.Rev. Walter E. Cain, rector ofCHANGE YOUR UNDERWEARTo be cool and comfortable. Union suits of cool Nainsook, andother mate'ials from 2 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WOOL WANTED.We are in the market forwool and will pay the highestmarket price. Call at eitheroffice for sacks an twine.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(23apr-tf)oINCREASE IN COST OP BREADOn account of the heavy adance in the cost of flour in thepast six weeks we will be compelledto advance the retail price of ourbread to 12 cents per loaf, effectiveMonday, May 24th. This will bethe only increase in our- line ofpi odncts.(21-2t) DRURY BAKERY CO.oPERGUSON STREET TOTS MEETWITH ACCIDENT.When a swing in which theywere exercising on the City Schoolplaygrounds broke Sunday afternoon, Gladys Quinn and Norma Lancaster, both of Ferguson street,were thrown to the ground withgreat force. The little Quinn girlsustained a broken arm, while littleMiss Lancaster received severebiuises about the face, head andaims. They were removed to theirhomes, where their injuries weregiven medical attention.oEXPERT ADJUSTS ART WINDOWS.An expert from the Ruckel ArtGlass Works, of Cincinnati, ha.ijust completed a delicate task at theChristian church. The big artstained glass memorial windows inthe church, which are made in sections, joined together with lead,had in some unaccountable way,"buckled" or out of adjustment andweie in danger apparently of coming loose. The expert took thewindows apart, replaced and adjusted them perfectly, leaving themn as good condition as when theywere first put in.POR GRADUATESNifty Novelty Goods for Gradu-(21-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.. oSPECIAL FOR WEDNESDAY.Ladies' Brown Suede Pumpsand Oxfords, $17.00 values, for$14.00. Watch papers for ourSaturday Special.HARRY LINVILLE.St. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscoty, lias returned fiom a businesstup to hi old home in Asheville.N. C. He was accompanied by hiswife and their two sons, Walter andHerbeit Cam, and daughter, Miss,Elizabeth Cain. They have gone tohousekeeping on Mt. Airy avenue.Robeit C. Talbott, of the lawfirm of Talbott & Whitley, of Paris,left Sunday for New York, wherehe will take depositions in the suitof the Commonwealth of Kentuckyvs. the estate of the late L. V. Ilarkness, oil millionaire. The suit is torecover back taxes amounting toseveral million dollars on the Harkress estate near Lexington, andother real esiate holdings in thisState.Miss Artie Ashbrook, sister ofMrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, of Paris, hatendered her resignation as CountyHome Demonstrator Agent at May'field, to take effect on June 15.Miss Ashbrock will return to herhome in Lexington, where she willlemain through the summer months.Miss Ashbrook has been Home Demonstration Agent at Mayfield fortwo and a half years, and the lesults of her splendid work in thehomes throughout the county isvery evident.Plans have been completed forthe lawn fete and dance to be givenby the Baby Milk Supply at "Dunireath," home of Mis. Silas Mason,Friday afternoon and evening, May28. which, promises to be one of themost beautiful and elaborate affairsof the season. The following willsell tickets in sunounding towns:Paris, Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann,Miss Carolyn Roseberry and Mr.Charlton Clay; Veisailles, MissBond; Frankfort, Miss AnitaThomas and Miss Anne Walcutt.Mr. and Mrs. William O. Hinton, Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney.Jr., and Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, of Paris, were guests last weekat a reunion of the Freeman familyheld at the home of Mr. and Mrs.E. W. Freeman, in Lexington. Thereunion was held in honor of H.C.Freeman, of Omaha, Neb.; Mrs.William Gentry, of Chicago, and F.W. Freeman, of Lexington, whowill soon leave for Pittsburg, Pa.,to reside. The large living roomwas artistically decorated in springflowers, and a bountiful dinner wasserved. After the dinner Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr., of Paris, and Miss JuliaYarrington, of Lexington, gavebeautiful vocal selections.(Other Personals on Page 3)CALF CAUSES CONSTERNATIONDO YOU REMEMBER IT?Last Thursday was the twentysixth anniversary of the "big snow"in Kentucky, which set a Tecord m1894. The snow began falling onthe night of the 19th, which cameon Saturday, and the next day therewas a covering of f5ur inches. Inrecall inc: the circumstance The Lexington Leader says: "Homer Foushee recalled to-day that he hadwritten the fact and date on theoffice wall above a window at the G.G. White distillery, in Bourboncountv. bavins: "been a Federalgauger at the time, and the recordstill endures."It was a remarkable sight, as weremember. Great red roses onhushes peeped out from under theirsnowy covering, and all this part ofthe world seemed to have revertedto the wintry staire with, "winterlingering in the lap of spring."A poor innocent little calf escaping from his trusty driver, caused consternation in the operatingroom of the Paris Home TelephoneCo., Friday, and temporarily interrupted the service.The calf was being driven upMain street by a Mr. Faulkner.When the animal espied the frontdoor of the telephone office standingopen, he hesitated not, but immediately made his way into the office.From 'there he darted up the stepsinto the operating room, and thenthings began to happen. Calfie,unaccustomed to such surroundingsbegan to investigate and the "operatois, though accustomed to dealingwith "calves" and "bullss" over thewires, did not like the unwelcomevisitor, and proceeded to give himfull possession for a few moments,After viewing the situation soberlyhe calf calmly took the back trackand left the room, running into thearms of Mr. Faulkner who has comein hot pursuit. Then business inthe exchange resumed normal.SOFT DRINKS ON DRAFT OR INCASE FOR FAMILY USE.Order your Dixie or Wiedemannby the case from us for family use.We also 'serve ice cold Bone Dry ondraft at allJJmes. Soft drinks andlight lunches at all flours.EONE DRY CAFE,(14-tf) Ed. Doyle, Prop.The second "Friendship Tour"through Central Kentucky, conducted under the auspices of the Lexington Board of Commerce, left thatcity yesterday morning. The motorcade was composed of one hundredbusiness and professional men, inautomobiles. Their first stop was inWinchester, then to Mt. Sterling,Sharnsbure. Fleminssburs; andMaysville, spending the night in thelatter city. To-day the itinerarycomprises Carlisle, Millersburg,Cynthiana, Paris and Georgetown,then back to the starting point.The parly will arrive in Paris atthree o'clock this afternoon, according to arrangements made by thepathfinding committee, composed ofMaj. Thompson Short, Capt. E. F.White, Dolph Wile and Robert J.Breckinridge. They will remainhere until 3:45, departing forGeorgetown. Addresses will be madeby President Jones, of the Lexington Chamber of Commerce, JudgeCharles Kerr. Commissioner WoodDunlap, Dr. Frank L. McVey, Geo.L. Smith, all of Lexington, and E.M. Dickson and John J. Williams, ofParis. Alayor E. B. January andSwift Champ, editor of THE NEWS,compose the reception committee atParis. The boosters will be accompanied by the Kentucky UniversityMillitary Band, wh;Ch,will render amusical program.oFOR THE GRADUATE.Beaded bags, silver and gold noveltise, watches and diamonds at theA. J. Winters Co. (25-tf)PUBLIC SALE OF CYPRESSSTREET COTTAGEAs agent for Mrs. I. C. Barnett,we will sell on the premises Saturday, May, 29. at 2-30 p. m., hersplendid home located on the eastide of Cypress street, betweenBoone and Fifteenth. Read the advertisement elsewhere in to-day'sissue.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(21-2t) Agents.oSEVERELY BURNED.AI-. Rose Levy, v.ife of Sim Levy,vsas syieielv bund about the bodyFriday at the Levy dry cleaning establishment, on Main street. Whilepassing a table she accidently overturned a bucket of hot water, thecontents of which soaked her clothing from the Avaist down. Her husband was badly burned about thehands in tearing the water-soakedclothes from his wife's body.Medical aid was speedily summoned and the injured given attention.They were reported yesterday asgetting along very nicely.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanFRANK JONESStopped me on theStreet the otherDay and said "Here'sA good one I sawA few days ago-In another city."And with that he"eHanded me a slipOr paper that read"Do you carry FireInsurance for ProtectionOr from Habit, lookUp the cost oft.Rebuilding your homeAnd let us helpYou to adjust yourInsurance Policies,"And "ve think theIdea conveyed isSo good that weWant everybody in.Paris to ihinkAbout uhy theyCany Fire InsuranceSo we are paying-Our good money toPublish t:i is in theBOURBON NEWS,And if by thisTime jou haveConcluded thut youCarry. Fire lnsmance.From habit weSuegest that youBegin carrying' :tFor protection.Yerkes & PeedInsurance Hen;Farmers A Traders, BankPARIS, KY. ' -(21-2t)I SIMON&, OO'SGoing Out of Susiness SaleOne Lot Ladies' Tailor MadeSuits Reduced to,See Our Line of Crepe de Chine, Georgettes,Percales and Madras Cloths at GreatlyReduced Prices.r -simon" &, co.JMain Street, Paris, KentuckyWhyNotYTheBest?AutomaticRefrigeratorsAre.Vt-'Xi.ti TTHE J. T. flINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaktes'mCTp-'i T- A.,i! 'IP AGE SIXTHE BOURBON NlfWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTuesday, maj 25, laao.-- ' "- ' -1pI A'"TOriiL,ife ;a a burden v.rhcii the bodyis racke-.i wi.h pcin. Everythingworries ind the victim becomesGezzzr.d ?r.t jd downhearted. ToDri:j back the sunshine takekm&&8Z.,zmi Etrgl 57mThe nrtf Ions! remedy of Holland for over200 years; it is an enemy of all pains resulting from kidney, liver end uric acidtroubles. All druggists, three sizes.Look for tti-s r.cur.e Gold Med! oa erciy bXaai &ccept no imitationThis is a late sfii ing, And that garden spading job has been delayedmuch later than usual. There ismoney in your back yard! Dig fotit. There is more money in a little home garden than ever before,because of the high prices of vegetables and the threatened scarcitybecause nuck gardens must cutdown their output, mowing to thescarcit3r of labor.Everywhere is predicted a foodfamine in this country this comingwinter, because not enough is being raised. On the 'recent BoostersClub trip sent out from Lexington,Wood Dunlap asked a farmer, "Howare crops?" "The crops are allright," was the reply, "But the people will find out that we arc raising too much to chew and smoke,and not enough to eat. " And thisreflects the general sentfment.o 'LIFT CORNS OFFDEMOCRATS MAKE TWO EXCELLENT SELECTIONSThe selection of Dr. A. J. Alexander and Col. Marion E. Taylor, asElectors from the State- at-Large,by the State Convention to head theticket this fall was. we understand,upon the request of the Administrative Committee.Dr. A. J. Alexander, of SpringStation, Woodford county, wasChairman of the Democratic Forward League, which associationtook such a-n active and prominentpart for the furtherance of Prohibition; Col. Marion B. Taylor, ofLouisyille, Ky., was one of the leading distillers of the State, and haswon a place ' for himself in thehearts of all Democrats by his mag1 animity, and the help and assistance he has rendered the Democraticparty.When we are able to carry thissame spirit into all elements of ourparty and have all Democrats approach each other with this spiritof broad tolerance, we will soonagain bo. in a dominant position inJjhe State,IT DOESN'T HURTWith fingers ! Corns lift out andcosts only few centsJLmVIBEAUTY IS REFLECTED HEALTH"Good-Looking" Means the Oppositeof Sick-Lookius:IT'S A MATTER OF RED BLOODCELLS.Pepta-Manq-an Makes Rich, RedBlood Builds Up PeopleWho Lack VitalityUdJJMagic! Just drop a little Freefone on that touchy corn, instantlyit stops aching, then you lift thicorn off with the fingers. Truly!No humbug!"Try Freezone! Your druggistsells a tiny bottle for a few centssufficient to rid your feet of everyhard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and calluses, withoutone particle of pain, soreness or irritation. Freezone is the discoveryof a noted Cincinnati genius.(adv)t No Call to Interfere.My neighbor's little four-year-oldgirl Is very old-fashioned. I was cuttins off some dead limbs from my tretaerose the street from her and she waswatching me. She called to me andaid: "What are you doing? I answered, "Oh, only cutting some deadbranches off. Ifg all right, Isn't itrthe thought a minute and replied, 1so; It's your tree." Exchange.Her Collection of Husbands.A woman who said she had had sixhusbands asked a London magistrateto grant her a separation. It Is supposed that she Is breaking up her collection. Punch, London.Don'tPickOut aPrinterBlindfoldedIf your body is sqund and yourblood is rich and red, your acts andthoughts will be quick and strong.Let your blood get weak, andyour food won't nourish you noryour sleep refresh you.Too much hard work, an illness,or a mental strain can thin downyour blood, and Pepto-Mangan isneeded to bring it back to healthy,normal condition.Knowing this, doctors for yearshave recommended Glide's PeptoMangan because of its blood-buildingand tonic properties.Peto-Mangan is such a simple andharmless tonic, yet such a promptbuilder of red blood, that its reputation has spread all over thecountry. To-day every druggist sellsit and thousands of men and womenuse it as a restorative whenever theyor their children seem to feel belowpar.Pepto-Mangan agrees with themost delicate stomach, and is obtainable in either liquid or tablet form.Be sure the name "Gude's" is onthe package when you buy PeptoMangan Ask the drggist forGude's." If "Gude's" is not on thepackage," it is not Pepto-Mangan.(adv)USING MOVIES EOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES.The moving pictures are to bemade use of as a means of educatingpeople in the manner of making themost efficient use of fuel. Severalfifty-minute films have been made,showing good and bad operation inFteam boiler plants, methods of testing boilers, and the like. Thesepictures will be available to eachState in connection with its educational propaganda to conserve thefuel supply. A series of official bulletins o-n engineering phases ofsteam and fuel economics also is being prepared. They will includeboiler and furnace testing,fuel gas analysis, saving steam inheating system, boiler room accounting system, saving steam and fuel inindustrial plants, burning fine sizesof anthracite, boiler water treatment, oil burning and stoker operation.SALVATION ARMYDOING BIG WORKIN KENTUCKYAre Maintained hi I argerCities and Towns.Tke Salvation Array la Mag agreat work in Keatseky and kt plaining to extesd It If the accessaryfunis are raised during the big HcaeeService Campaign drive, May l2QiAll states east of the Hfetfattppi riverare to conduct campaigns during tibmi"i-Vnvt -- 'A.Seven cities la Kentucky alreadyhave thriving corps doing splendidwork for the Salvation Army. Theyare: Louisville, Lexington, Frankfort,Ashland, Covington, HopkinsvOle andMIddlesboro.In all these cities the SalvationArmy workers are very active in welfare work. They maintain headquarters, with efficient officers, and manyrecruits are constantly enrolled In theservice.In Louisville the Salvation Armycitadel is a large, fine building, wellequipped for the work. An Industrial Home and a Friendly Homefor Girls are also maintained. In Covington the great Booth Memorial Hospital, operated entirely by the Salvation Army, is one- of the best-knownagencies for good in the community.OUT-OF-LOVE CLUBSFOR FRIENDLESS GIRLSHow the Salvation Army Helps toSolve a Big Problem in Welfare Work.Clubs, composed of girls who havefallen, but who have been reclaimedas useful members of society, are iuoperation in many cities in Kentucky.The membership of these organizations called Out-of-Love Clubs comprises girls and women who have passed through the rescue homes of theArmy and who are now working hardto help other girls who are "down, butnot out"The Out-of-Love Clubs is the followup system of the Salvation Army.Every girl who passes through the rescue homes of the Army is invited tobecome a member.Her membership entails a personalresponsibility on her part to help othergirls. ' Out of love she gives a little ofher earnings to help others; out oflove she gives some of her time tocheer others.Out-of-Love Clubs meet at stated intervals at many of the Salvation Armycorp in the state.Statistics ahow that " over . 80 percent of the girls passing through thehomes are reclaimed.aGet the One Who CamHelpJTou SeUYour GoodieA7E have theY v ability to helpyou sell your goods andwe can do this at areasonable cost to you.Economy and standardization are thewatchwords here. WeuseHammermill Bond,the standard, economical, business paper andwe turn out a' grade ofprinting that brings remits for our customers.LET US SHOWYOUcNews Job DepartmentStops Hair Coming Out; DouhlesIts BeautyA few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)oGet Along Without MeatWhole races of men, comprisingmany millions of Individuals, live,their entire lives without meats of anyiort, and when fed a sufficient amountof other foods are wonderfully Tig.orous, prolific, enduring and intelligent Witness the Brahmins of India,the Buddhists of China and Japan andthe teeming millions of Central Africa.INCOME TAX NO WORRYEvery member of the SalvationArmy in the United States, from Commander Evangeline Booth down to theyoungest soldier in the ranks, hasfound something about which he doesnot have to worry.Ifs the salary income tax.According to internal revenue collectors not a member of the Army inthe United States received enoughsalary last year to make a tax return. Commander Booth, the highest rankiDg Salvationist in the United States,received less than $1,000 in salary in1930.There are now 1S,000 officers of theSalvation Army wording in 66 countri'es and speaking 48 different languages.The Salvation Army was founded in1878 by William Booth, first generalof the Array, who died in 1912. General Booth started in life by preaching on street corners and gained worldwide fame. tMiss Evangeline ooth, commander-in-chiefof the Salvation Army forcesin the United States, is recognized asone. of the best public speakers nv thecountry.When the War Cry, the official publication of the Salvation Army, goesto press, it is printed in 48 differentlanguages.A Salvation Army worker is1 notqualified to become an officer untilsome time is spent in a trainingschool.The Salvation Army corps at Louisville called for women recruits to carefor the sick and needy there.Nurses of the Salvation Army corpsat Govington worked night and day4artaf for the sick. - f. IDiamondSqueegee fTi n reTread 1 llttE9li EN who make tire buyingtheir year-iti and year-outbusiness, buy Diamonds. Notethe great many big corporations that equip their cars withDiamond Tires."iiiiMMW2sr-One of them, like many more,writes 'We have used Diamond Tires for the past twoyears and have not had to askfor an adjustment. We recommend Diamond Tires to anyonedesiring full mileage and complete satisfaction." What Diamonds do in hard businessservice they will more than dofor you in passenger car serviceMMIMIMmmmmmV plete satisfaction." What Dia- sficSpB6&aaV monds do in hard business SBSSfStSffSSV service they will more than do xSKSKSfSstn&ktor you in passenger car service mPSBPBBtjIW ioAdjustment 'Basis rMsMMPBfflBiMiMsMM8,000 miles for Cords jSBKKSBKSSMdtffl6,000 miles for Fabrics IctbBJBsMsBhIIB.mPHwW' gI MslsiPPrT. Hw;H. J. GROSCHEH. H. FLOYDMHUI'iLw'JU .,Li.rziTTosHaanni-What 5,000 MilesMean to You.Overland, on frozen, rough Indianaroads, did 5,452 miles in 7 daysEqual to New York to San Francisco andback to Chicago at express train speedwith no change of engines no let up tothe terrific wearvand tear. It means morethan a year's abuse and not a flaw; stamina, quality in every part; another demonstration of the wonderful riding qualitiesof the radical new Triplex Springs.Average, 32.45 miles per hdur.Gasoline, 20.24 miles per gallon. ,.....-c-viPABIS OVERLAND CO.4Phone 584Tenth StreettVjraaaSpeed May Overcome Weight.Professor Edward V. Huntington ofHarvard university, showed by anelaborate mass of figures printed InScience that a man on a train movingalong the equator westward at 18,700miles an hour or eastward at 10,700miles an hour would weigh nothing;as measured by an observer on thetrain.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatK00MS 403404FIRST NAT'L BA3IX BUILDIHGPH0HE 13$:rCAJ1AL BROS.BABBER SHOPPrtttYt aai Cemrteew AttemtMa.trPatrtmi. ;'.A-r -, ,-"SrjjTuesday; iay 25, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY"iPAGE SEVENY" 4. 'I.AsK forHILL'SFIVE MILLIONUSED IT LAST1LL$CASCARAk?QUIN!NEBROHVfcStandard cold remedy for 20 yearm xaoiet lorm sate, sure, noopiates breaks up a cold in 24nours relieve grip in 3 days.Money Dactc it it tails. Thegenuine box nas a Redwith Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drum StmtMRS. ELLISiiFOR THIS WEEKoGolden State Peaches40c can 35c45c can 40c50c can 45c60c can 55cGood Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beans& large size 20csmall size 15cLook for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.Three deliveries each day.zZ Both phones.Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, KyHII ,brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useo lee trie ity" for CigbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sasfor Reality ami CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You': UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)im. I IVJn illPEOPLEBkYEAR Bm.tf( ut . topwmm k.liil III)I SPECIALS !fit!s?irjTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Coupe, with electric self startingand lighting system, has a big, broad seat deeplyupholstered. Sliding plate glass windows so thatthe breeze can sweep right through the opencar. Or in case of a storm, the Coupe becomes aclosed car, snug, rain-proof and dust-proof. Hasall the Ford economies in operation and maintenance. A car that lasts and serves satisfactorily as long as it lasts. Demountable rimswith 3 -inch tires all around. For the doctorand travelling salesman it is the ideal car.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.yrafriGIZSDALE traI sustivxtioni It'A-KIV tBAD CHANCE FOE ERTJIT PRESERVING. BQurbau county housewives aregrowing uneasy over -the prospectsof canning strawberries, blackberries and like fruit, as the season approaches. It is reported that the supply of such fruit will be best in recent years, but the scarcity of sugorand the prohibitive price at which itis being offered is liable to cause ashoitage in this year's jam and preserves supply.Some relief is offered, however, inihe use of syrup as a substitute inpreserving. It is not thought thisgreatly relieve the situation, for theuse of syrups in this respect hasnever grown into very great favor,and many housewives are apposed toits use altogether.BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-Gm-T)C0NWELI LEAVES TO ENTERRED CE0SS WORK.The resignation of Doctor C. B.Cornell, assistant professor of psychology of the University of Kentucky, was accepted by the executivecommittee of the Board of Trusteesat their regular monthy meetingApril 26.Doctor Cornell has been appointed head of the Educational Divisionof the Lake Division Red Cross. Howill assume his new duties at theend of the current school year.The beauty about primaries v.;that everyone of the candidates canreceive a little cheeiing news fromsomewhere.DHWaddellsPile RemedyDon t Suffer Don t be Operateden until yon hare tried Dr. Waddell'aPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to give absolute satisfaction ormoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourdruggist If not write us.fedicineOlSmMisfirDVe.RVJBROOKS & NAPP,Paris, KentuckyINTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington Tor Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYm"!fGOV. EDWAEDS EMPHATIC ON"WET" ISSUE.Gov. Edward I. Edwards, of NewJersey, so far from pussyfooting onthe liquor question, intends to insist on a plank in the Democraticplatform that will be so wet thatPresidential candidates other thanhimself may lind it too slippery tostand upon. 'This he made clear when he indignantly denied a reported inclination to a soft-pedal on the issue.He was approached by admirers atthe Hotel Traymore who informedhim that reports were being circulated that he was sidestepping thewet issue in order to emphasize hisfitness for the nomination on hisrecord as business man and banker."Propaganda!" exclaimed Governor Edwards."Me pussy-footing on prohibition? Just watch mer"I'm going to San Francisco andI'm going to exert every possibleounce of persuasion I can bring tobear to ''place a straightout 'wet'plank in the Democratic Nationalplatform. Then, if no other manbetter qualified has the courage tostand flatfootedly upon it I am going to offer myself because of theconviction that there is no otherquestion which more gravely concerns the American people to-daythan personal liberty and Staterights."You can tell that to anybodywho says I am trying to pussyfooton the liquor issue."Governor Edwards is going to SanFrancisco with his verbal weaponssharpened for a clash with Bryan,and he declares he has one or twopointed questions which he will askihe Nebraskan.Such Evidence Our Eeaders CannotDisputeAs we take up the NEWS weekby week, we are struck by thehearty, unmistakable way in whichwitness after witness speaks out asMr. Rankin does here. If these people were strangers living milesaway, we might take little notice ofthem. But they are not. They aieour neighbors, living among us.Their word is too easily proven toadmit of any doubt. They speakout in the hope that their experience may be a guide to others.Floyd H. Rankin, giocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesI have suffered severely with kidneycomplaint. My back often painedand was lame most of the time. Thekidney secretions were too frequentin passage and greatly annoyed mo.Whenever I have been this way, Ihave always found that a box of"Doan's Kidney Pills has never failedlo cure nie of the attack in shortorder."Price 60c, at all dealers. Doncsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatAir. Rankin had. Fo&ter-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oThe Nursery.Bright colors, plenty of light, cleanwindows, an abundance of pood coloredprints and toys without number are theproper furnishings for a nursery. Nursery I Why, the very name tells youwhat It ought to be the home of childhood the most Important room In thehouse a room that will greatly tendto stamp the character of your childfor the remainder of his life.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remediesand by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronouncedit incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Haul's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the Musous Surfaces of thesjstem. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails tocure. Send for circulars and testimonials. F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (may-adv)Everything New.Robert's father had just been ( married the second time. One afternoonRobert had a friend of his over to hisnew home. After he had shown thelittle boy all through the house hesaid: "Do you know, Clark, everything In this house is new, even mymother."ABOUT RHEUMATISMPeonle are learninsr that, it is onlv(a waste of time and money to takemedicine internally for chronic anamuscular rheumatism, and aboutninety-nine out of a hundred casesare one or the other of these van-eties. All that is really necessary toafford relief is to apply Chamberlain's Liniment freely. Try it. Itcosts but 35 cents per bottle. Largesizes 60 cents.(may-adv)Better a dog and bark at themoon, as John Sharp Williams says,than a dog in the manger and barkat the tax-payer.WITNESS AFTERWITNESS IN PARIS?'bBMVBVBBBBBM -T pLbbbbHLace - MHMVPP BB BBIB Zr . -" VfcES BY BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCurtainsA ,' -SwAyemCfafaMwn&wndmaHere is a simpletains, ii you use Orandma's Powdered Soap.first "Put them in cold water todrive out the smoke.Second Boil with Grandma's Powdered Soap for one-half hour.Thir d Rinse well.They come out beautifully done no solidparticles to get intohandling that comesA big, generousGetting a Hana. fOecuuu-atuj y mcu uic iu ueiutuiu atdinners providing their first storiesmake a hit. Cartoons Magazine.OQSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptolcs Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LensSouthwest Corner 4th and Chestnut Sts.LOUISVILLE, KY.PatCobestanNo. 16641A rich bay, weight 1,600 pounds, agrand individual, a sire of a showhorse in his class. We will stand atEIGHT DOLLARSCash in hand when mares are bred.Also, same time and place, anextra good four-year-oldBlack Jack15 hands high, weighing 1,000pounds, with big, heavy bone andplenty head and ear, and greatbreeder. We will stand atEight Dollarscash in hand when mares are bred.The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.itMclntyre & WagonerTenn. Phone, 38; Home Phone, 18;Millersburff Exchange 'aOW0S '- BftBiWr r bbbbbbbbbbVABBr9 BMHBvU9P9iVSIvBBlBIB"'9BBBBBBBP: flf UotVhter -am 'PowfrJcdSoaD -leave &r m i i lmjj rmibut successful way to wash, cuxthe meshes. None of the rofrom rubbing in bar soap.sized package for 5crancfinafePowdered SOAPTruThis Powdered SoapTodaitTCbxn? GrocerHosThe Cbbe Soap Cbmpanij. CincinnatiA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169Te6Tw. DAVISrUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pltasant Streets, Paris. KymMHHllIKIilHmHiHUaUAllIilKIIIItlUJUlHtilinThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like ThesefafBHHPOB bbb.bVbSbbbbHbbTH0S98IBBVvjiBTiT. W.MAIN STREETa.I.BV Kmtad Jmlitmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleas. ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings us.Electric Irons, Chafinu:Dishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,'Hot Plates, bgg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERESPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE'U tV1A,nx.-V.ixlXIXIxAr-. A ,y ? -,s4, ,-11 - r'? T-"A." M & ..r"-3F7i.it .1 1 -Jkk-ii Cmmmmmmmmaamamm.mr--Bpt;7 IKWV3'&BiSEr y "j v-fj"- TrasFwvFr -"""aXWk pW.PAGE EIGHT, - - vTUESDAY, MAY, 25, 1I2.JIfH-iifetfrMILLERSBURGheld an informal reception, to whichall their friends were invited, anda large number took advantage ofthe opportunity. Saturday at 8:00P- m- tne young ladies in voice anaexpression gave an operetta in theRev. R. K. White, pastor of the College Auditorium, entitled, "XnBaptist church, was given the en ; India," in two parts, which was intend apprentice degree in Amity ,deed sood, each one in the cast be2ge No. 40, F. and A. M., Satur- inS especially adapted to theirir evening, the work being done'Part. Another large audience wasr Worshipful Master Carlton Ball. in attendance. Many of the songu"Mrs. Bayles DeBell, qt Bwingnd choruses were beautiful ands the guest of her daughter, Mrs. I well rendered. Sunday, at 10:15 a.X. 31. Caldwell, and family, Satur-1 m.. the baccalaureate sermon wasfcy night and Monday night. The preached by Dr. M. B. Adams, Prestervening time she spent with her ident of Georgetown College. Lon?tagnter, Mrs. George Jeffreys, at 'before the time for the services, the-5exinton spacious Methodist church began toBorn On Saturday night, to nil, and by tne appomieu u.uu, hiitne seais in iue nuununum an.3Crs. Monroe Leer, a daughter, atwoe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. P. McDaniel. The infanttfied shortly after birth, and was in--fiacredin the Cynthiana CemeteryMonday. The mother isTszcely.The following is a partial listof guests in the Millersburg Col-3ese durmg commencement week-:3trs. A. E. Lancaster and daughters,lecture room of the vchurch were,filled, with chairs in the aisles.Many were turned away. A delightful musical program was ren-doing derea, alter wmcn ur. nsuei, ncr-laeilt OI iU. j., 1110.U.G ills auuuuir-s-ments, and, in an appropriate talk,introduced Dr. Adams . to the largeaudience. Dr. Adam? spoke for for-tv-nveminutes. His address wasStoaand Laura, Mr. and Mrs. T. P. j full of deep thought, and held theerritt, Mr. Winter Neal, Mr. anaXrs. L. Mulberry, Mr. and Mrs. C.S. Davis, Mrs. J. H. Corrington, ofSadaeville; Dr. and Mrs. R. A. Har-die and daughter, Grace, Seoul, i3erea; Miss Serena Reese and MaryalcMartry, of Cynthiana; Miss Misaada Williams, of Ewing; Mis?Suth Neal, of Lexington; Misfc(SiziVL Foley, of Mt. Sterling; MisFrances Wilson and Bessie May SanSard, of Mayfield: Mr. HarveySparks, of Louisville; Miss BettySelburn, of Pleaiureville; MissJosephine L-tton, of Paris; MissjSQvie -Adair, of Paris; Dr. B. F. Orrand Mr. Eckiar, of Paris; Mr. Huliert Balton, of St. Paul, Va.; MissJnerma Robards, of Henderson;3iss Alic McEldowney, of Vanceasarg; Mr. and Mrs. J. Harvey Vanever, Mrs. Dewitt VanDever, ofSarrodsburg; Mrs. M. Gilmore,Mrs. C. Morris, Rev. and Mrs. W.SL Bayne, of Mt. Olivet; Mr. JackAustin, Maysville; Mr. and Mrs."Victor Ross and daughters, Lillianand Elizabeth, of Cynthiana; Mi.:nid Mrs. L. Rankin, Mr. and Mrs.A. M. Hicks, Robert Stockley andi?r. Herman Midden, of Cynthiana;2tfr. and Mrs. M. M. Thompson anddaughters, Virginia and Ann Elizabeth, of Lexington; Mr. and Mrs. T.S. Barr, of Wilmoie; Mr. and MrsC E. Sanifoid, Morefield; Dr. andXis. M. B. Adams, of Georgetown;itr. Lawrence Knox, of Lexington:Isidge Chas. Kerr, of Lexington;Hz and Mrs. E. G. Guttery, ofHursrin.The annual commencement exercises of the M. C. opened Fridayerening with an operetta, whichsres largely made up of the primarysad intermediate departments oflie college. The work was goodand well-staged with beautifulrural scenery, is a large pai t of the-work was a woodland scene. Thespacious auditorium was filled to itdutmost capacity. The little folks:rrcuTUed themselves in most credible manner, and -were the recipients of numerous encores. Saturday afternoon from 4 to 5 o'clockt?tp. voung ladies of the collegeattention of the audience from firstto last.Dr. R. H. Hardy, of Korea,preached the annual missionary sermon for the young Ladies' Missionary Society of the College, Sundayat 7:30 p. m. Dr. Hardy Ha? beena missionary to Korea for a numberof years. His address was most interesting, as he told us much aboutthat countiy that we did not know,and gave us an insight as to thegreat work that is being done themby the missionaries. Dr. Hardy hasbeen heie on- several previous occasions, and he always receives ahearty welcome in Millersburg. Hehas educated thiee daughters in theM. F. C, and one of his daughtersis now the -wife of Mr. ErnestFisher, who is a missionary inIsorea. He was gieeted by a largeaudience, and -bib address was preceded by an mteiesting musicalprogram.Among the commencement guestsin the city aie Mrs. Elizabeth Dav,of Paris; Mrs. J. D. Redd and daughter, Mrs. Lewis Fredrick, and littlegrandson, Lewis Fredrick, Jr., ofHarrodsburg, with Mrs. Mary L.Huffman; Miss Mabel Asbury, ofBrooksville, with Miss AlbertaMaffett; Mrs. Russell Mays and Mrs.Mrs. Spancer, of Lexington, withMrs. Lett on Vimont; Miss LarardaWaughs, of Little Rock, with Mrs.G. E. Reynolds; Mr. and Mrs. C. W.Howard, of Lexington, with Mr.and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre; Mr. RoyPatterson and family, of Lexington,with his mother, Mrs. ElizabethPatterson and family.TODAY, TUESDAYHOBART BOSWORTHin "Behind the Door"Gouverneur Morris stirring romanceof love, strife and adventure at sea, playedby Bosworth at his best and a fine supporting cast.RUTH ROLANDin "The Adventures of Ruth"and Prizma Color Picture"Guatemala"THE ALAMO AND PARIS' GRAND f Admission: ;27cw?L-',-v 3fcII "i Children and Gallery 18c plu j 2c war t McThursday, May 27thELAIN H AMMERSTEINTomorrow, WednesdayDOROTHY DALTONin "His Wife's Friend"Vital, gripping, startling. A storythat leads through scandal, mystery andcrime to a new and wondrous love.See the fatal chess game played for aman's life and a woman's soul!also"THE LOST CITY"And "Topics of the Day"IN"The Shadow of RosalieBurns"Also a Comedyart Production"Mothers Angle5'and Vod-a-vil MoviesAdded Attraction PUADI CO ftlllOODflCT Late of BF-Keith's vaudeville circuitOne Week Only unMnLLO IflUoUIlUH "A Wonderful Entertainer"Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveninATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do if now youmay regret itCarpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON t-UMBER CO.apr2-tf)DEATHS.WILLIAMS.Miss Eva Williams, aged thirtytwo, died Friday afternoon, at herhome near Spencer, in Montgomerycounty, after a long illness. MissWilson was a forniPi resident ofthis county, moving to Montgomerycounty several yeais ago. The bodywas taken to North Middletown,vhere the funeral services vere heldat ten o'clock Sunday morning, followed by interment in the NorthMiddletown Cemetery.Cemetery. The pall-bearers wereDavid P. Eastin, Walter Chenault,Janres W. Thompson, John G. Stoll.Robt. L. Brown and Thompson Bryant.SIos4MATRIMONIAL.WILLIAMS.Friends and relatives in thiocity have been notified of the deathof Mis. Lucy Willitms, in GrandRapids, Michigan, following a shoreillness. Mrs. Williams was formerlyMiss Lucy Davis, of Paris, and wasa daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.Nicholas Davis, of Paris. She is survivad by the tallowing brothers andsisters: Mrs. Robert L. Robbinsand Mrs. Chailes A. Shahl, both ofDetroit, Mich., and Henry W. Davis, of Grand Rapids, Mich. Thefuneral and interment took place inGrand Rapids." ."" z- " ii8 . 9AJ-.iL oaoi .i r jl m one & s 3 ffutIT & &&::::A111 Iijn1 INgrapnsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE I NO CHANGE SDOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUin3Mif!ersbarg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.BAKER.Mrs. Carrie L. Baker, agedthirty-thiee, died Sunday night a:the hoffe of her relative, Mrs. HenryMeade, on South Main street, aftera short illness. Mrs. Baker was adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. FrankFuller, and the wife of LawrenceB. Baker, of Paris. Besides herhusband, she is survived by one son.snd two brother, Hr.nson Fuller, ofNicholas county and Anthony Fuller, of Austerlitz.The funeral will be held at thelesidence of Mis. Meade, at threeo'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon,with services conducted by Rev. CH. Greer, of the Methodist church.The interment will follow in theParis Cemeteiy.6A SUiRE TIP9?Put Your Money on One of . OurSuits ani YOU CANT LOSE!!. You'll win Style, Service,.Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here..Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixtures4n smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Values$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear'SAVE THE DIFFERENCETWIN BROS.'CLOTHINGL. WGLLSTEIN, Proprietor- " fitek Sumffwr ClotheIANS il SEPT.BATES CUNNINGHAMArchibald W. Cuunigham. aformer resident of this city, was imarried in St. John's Church, in the IMoose Jaw Province, Saskatchwan, ICanada-; on April 21, to Mrs. AliceJane Bates, of Liverpool, England.The groom is a son of the late A. IW. Cunningham, who resided near Ibliawlian. He is engaged in business in Eston, Saskatchewan. Cardsannouncing the event were receivedhere several days ago by relativesof the groom.BIRTHS.IAt the Massie Memorial Hospital, in thir. city, Friday, to thewife of Richard Welling, a son,Mrs. Welling was formerly Mis3Huerkamp, ot Cvnthiana.STOCK TRANSACTIONSCaywood & McClintock bought ofH. Clay Owen seventy-live fat hogoaveraging 230 pounds for whichthey paid 13 V2 cents per nound.Bert McClintock bought of Masonscounty parties four horses, forvhich he paid from $125 to ?150Ier head.H . . MeuayffnOU R professionalconduct is a triumph of experienceand science. Our adequate equipment, ourskill and our courtesyare respectfully placed at the disposal ofthe public.- -Msidi -ag'r'-mr.HOLLERAN.Michael Holleian, aged ninetythree, died Saturday afternoon arihe home of his daughtci, Mis. DanJordan, on Seventh street, of the infirmities of age. He had been confined to the house for several weeks.Mr. Holleran was a native ofCounty Iverry, Ireland, and came toAmerica at the age of fourteen. Helocated in Kentucky, finally comingto Paris, where he had resided thegi eater portion of his long life. Hewas a man of quaint humoi, onwho made a host of friends. He isburvived by two daughters, Mrs.Dan Jordan, of Paris, and Mrs. Win.Hunt, of Lexington; and two sons.Dennis Holleian, of Kansas City,Mo., and John Holleran, of Chicago.The funeral was held at nineo'clock, yesterduy morning, at thethe Church of the Annunciation, inthis city, wiUi services conductedby Rev. Father Thos. Coleman. Theinterment followed on the family lotin the Catholic Cemetery. The pallbearers were Murray Higgins, Dennis Galvin, John J. Galvin, John A.Galvin, John Spiliman and JohuJordan.CHENAULT.Mrs. Lida McCann Chenault,wife of Oveiton H. Chenault, andone of Lexington's most belovedwomen died .it her home, 227 SouhAshland avenue, Saturday night at9:15 o'clock, following an illness ofseveral months.Mrs. Chenault was a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. W. E. McCann, who jfor'years resided on the Winchester jroad near Lexington. She was amember of First Baptist church andwas not only active in church workbut inteiested in charity and civicbetterment, contributing freely ofher time and means in aiding every-x orthy movement.She was a woman of beautfiulCluistian character, and was devoted to her home and hei family. Shewas ever ready to extend a helpinghand to others and all who knewher felt the charm of kindness andamiability. The news of her deathv. ill be heard with deep regret; bya large circle of friends who admired and loved her for Ler manygraces of mird and heart.Besides her husband, she is survived by three daughters, Mrs. JohuG. Stoll and Miss Elizabeth Chenault. of Lexington, and Mrs. James--W.Thompson, of Paris; one brother.W. E. McCann, and one sister, Mrs.?ai:h M. Elirore.The funeral was held at the family lesidence, in Lexington, yesterday afternoon, at four. o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. J. WPorter, pastor of the First Baptist(hurch. ' The interment followed onthe family lot in the Lexingtornor- "It fife A O mJH Jl jm iiUo tiSelecJOf-.!ewSpring and SummerAND 0XF0RMost Wonderful Values Ever OfferedSuperior styles and quality makesthese low prices more remarkable.Buy your new footwear tomorrow, at a big saving.&&$&Ladies' Brown English Lace Oxfords, beautiful Glazed Kid and Patent Pumps, coveredLouis heels, the greatest value ever offered.SPECIALPRICE$5.99Misses' and Children's $4.00 Patent EnglishLace Oxfords and Strap Pumps, all sizes 9 to'2.- SPECIALPRICES2.99Ladies, see these wonderful selections ofOxfords and Pumps, patent and CiA QQFT &kid, high and low heels, $7. 50 val.Ladies' $6.00 grades high heelKid Pumps, Eng. Lace, Oxfords H9Misses' and Children's $3.50 Gun Metal English Lace Oxfords.SPECIALPRICES2.49See the Big Values in Boys' and Youths' Shoes and OxfordsMen's Shoes and Oxfords, extraordinaryvalues, tan and gun metal leathers, values to $8SPECIALPRICEWivUMen's $5.00 values in gun metal Lace Oxfords, English and wide toes.SPECIALPRICE$3.49HLrAklM 'fOHENggL Pnris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignI!&$wsTi- .T