s... ftf & '-. --, T i T?'- JH2WS- i.?.'.- "?, V -... - "?& -sWfe. ?.&"stfe . y "-.ifcray i&SPfrTb&t.Tm rlC $ r" r ; 3raK,3'::&&THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.- -js ; ? ,r- x? a- ..j. &Ntu&i?&- r -' - T2fe?ffr ""- '-,i'- " r-'W 3-je. -' ' ' T wtT -Vw-.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON1 COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1920A-'"" X?..VBW!raK?5t. X . ,W',WW&W.V-'V'SW,- Bfc. V'.JfKJrA. 1B47- - 9,-rj jjcje :r.A50XTRB0K CIRCUIT COTJETThe November term of the Bourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday morning, with Judge RobertLee Stout on the bench, and Com--nonwealth'sAttorney Bradley at hispost. The term will probably extend three weeks.The following Grand Jury wasimpaneled and sworn in: Dan V.Peed, Sr., forepnan; Root. P. "Walsh,Roscoe Carmichael, C. C. Hadden,George Link, Lindsay Hough, D. B.Smart, C. M. Plummer, R. L. Wilson. W. F. Turner, J. J. Veatcli.The jury immediately took up theconsideration of cases submitted tothem.In opening the Court Judge Stoutieliered a strong charge to theCiand Jury. He stated that he believed the jury would not havemuch to do, as Bourbon county hadbecome p very law-abiding community. He co.mplimented the countyofficials on the conduct of affairs,and the way the county institutionshad beer, managed. He had beentold bv county officers that therewere more examining trials of prisoners than usual, eight being confinedin the county jail, who were not ableto execute bond, and 1hat their casesshcild be takjm up first. If theywere innocpnt they should be dismissed, if guilty they should be indicted. He added that petit jurycarnot try a case if the grand juryones not first indict. He called attention to the recent election, andasked that any violations of the eleotio-ii laws be rigidly investigated."An election officer," he said, "whois crooked and depiives anyone oft-he right of suffrage is the worstcrook in the world. If anyone stealsyour pocketbook it can be returned,but if the right of suffrage is stolenfrom you it cannot be returned toyou." All "persistent lawbreakers,"such as gamblers, bootleggers, carriers of concealed weapons, and vielators ot the fish and game laws,should be indicted. Judge Stout, tnsumming up, stated to the attorneysthat he would not be in Paris on Saturday, as he would be in Versailles,where he would hold a special oneday term of the Woodford CircuitCourt.The usual motion hour proceedings occupied the larger part of theCouit's time in the morning. An adjournment was taken at noon untilthis morning, when the criminaldocket will be called. The GrandJury also adjourned until this morning. Several visiting attorneys attended the opening of Ccurt.PAY YOURGAS ANDBILISELECTRICDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last d?y ro pay yourgas and elect? ic bill and save theregjilar discount. Pay to-day donot put it off it saves us troubleand saves vou money.PARTS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.2-3t''M''4"M''"M"M'FRANK&CO.. LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Invite You to VisitOurReady to WearDepartmentwhere we are showing afull line ofLadies and MissesSuits, ReasonablyPriced.The styles of these Suits areattractive and the designsare correct and exclusive.Prices of our Silk Lined Suitsrange from$30.00UPWARDNew Line of Wool Dresses JustReceived.Iti4444 $FRANK & CO.UMJiES' OUTFTFTERSsOFFICIAL VOTE OF BOURBONCOUNTY CANVASSED,The Election Commissioners forBourbon county met in the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton and madean official canvass of the vote castiu the National election held lastTuesday.. The result did not differvery mateiially from J he returns fuinished on the night of the electionvery few iriegularities being found.The canvass of the vote as madeby the Commissioners showed thefollowing figures: For Gov. Jas. M.Cox and Franklin D. Roosevelt,Democratic Presidential candidates,5,452; for Senator Warren G. Harding and Gov. Coolidge, Republican.4,029, Democratic majority, 1,423.For United States Senator, J. C. W.Beckham, Democrat, 5,435, RichardErnst,' Republican, 4,015, Beckham'sinajoiity, 1,420.A wrong calculation in the tabulation jmade Tuesday night gave theCounty Boaid of Education to theticket headed by A. T. Moffett, ofMillersburg, but the official count reversed this and gave the C.iywooffticket hree ot the live new members.The Board is now constituted willbe composed ot Er.nest Darnaby,Clarence Kenney, George Link,Charles Whitu and W. E. Cook. Theofficial table will be published in Friday's issue of THE isEWS.The two bond issues were carriedby goad majorities."LOVE ME UP OR I'LL WRECKTHE CAR."With these words to his femalecompanion, a Paris young man gavefinal emphasis to hi determinationto rule or ruin Saturday evening.The rei-uJt was a wrecked car andthe fortunate escape from serious injury of himself and three companions. In company with a male friendand two young women from nearHutchison the young man drove toLexington, where they visitedvisited friends. Returning, thedriver, who owned the car, ;1 newHudson machine, turned to his faircompanion, with the remark, "If youwon't love me, I'll wreck the car."In pursuing his lovemaking he allowed the car tc swerve al a pointon the road near the celebrated DeadAlan's Curve, the scene of many serious accidents. Before the drivercould regain control of the machineit ran off the side of the road,crushing into a ditch and overturning. The occupants escaped with afew brrises and a shaking up, butihe machine was badly dairaged.Moral When driving an automake love only with your eyes anatongue. Don't let loose of the seering wheel.READJUSTMENT SALEYes, we will positively reduceevery article in our stock duringour Readjustment .Sale.(9-2t) B. M. TUNE.DEATHS.CASE.Marion Gilkey Case, infant sonof Mr. and Mrs. Jesse W. Case, diedat the home of his parents, nearNorth Middletown after a short illness. The body was interred in theNorth Middletown Cemetery withservices conducted at the grave byRev. Prank M. Tindei, pastor of thoNorth Middletown Christian church.HONAKER.Aylette C. Honakt-r, agedtwenty-.'ight, Bourbon county farmer, died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Saturday, after anillness of several days, due to a complication of diseases. He was a sonof Marion L. Honaker, of Owencounty, aiid had been a resident ofthis county several years. He issurvived by two children, .;ix sistersand two brothers.The body was rejrooved from theHospital to the homf of his sictei,Mrs. P. Plunkett, on the Hume andBedford pike, near Paris. Thefuneral was held Sunday with services conducted at the grave in theLexington Cemetery.i BAYLESS.-Richard W. Baylpss, agedeighty-four, prominent letired farmer of Fayetle county, died at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Sunday night, at 9:30 o'clock,of paralysis.Mr. Bay less vas a native of Intrsnna, and formerly resided on a finefarm in Bourbon county. He retired from farming some years agoand had since been making his homowith his niece and nephew, Mr. andMrs. J. L. Gregory, in Lexington.Mr. Bayless is survived by. twobrothers, Nathan Bayless, of Paris,and Edward Bayless, of Palestine,Illinois. The funeral will be held ateleven o'clock this (Tuesday) morning with services conducted at thegrave in the North MiddletownCemetery by Rev. Frank M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church.PLUMMER.Joseph F lumpier, aged sixty, asuccessful Boarton county farmer,died Friday evening at St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, from a complication of diseases. Mr. Plummerhad beer- ill for some time but hadbeen a patient at the Hosp'ta! but ashort time.Mr. Plummer had been extensivelv engaged in the tobacco business, in connection with James Me- lClure, of the First National Bank.He was a man of high character andhighly esteemed in his communityand by all hs business associates.He is survived by his widow, MrsMary D Plummer, and seven children, Dr. Arthur B. Plummer, ofMillersburg, Earl Plummer, Mrs.William Rankin, Mrs. Walter Dennis, Mrs. W. J. Kenton, Mrs. LouisBrannock and Mrs. Ellett Gilvin.The body was taken to his oiahome near Millersburg, Friday afternoon. The funeral was held at theMillersburg Methodist church. Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock, withservices conducted by the pastor.Corapnittment services at the gravein the Millersburg Cemetery wereconducted b the members of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M., of whichhehad long been a devoted andfaithful member.The pall-bearers were, A. S. Best,James McClure, Sr., J. S. Talbott.M. Peale Collier, Judge George Batterton, James McClure, Jr.oTURKEYS! TURKEYS!We will begin receiving turkejsfor the Thanksgiving market on November 8th, and will receive dailyuntil Thursday, November 18.We will pay the highest marketprice for all good fat turkeys. Don'tsell your turkeys early, gie them achance to get fat. while the weatheris cool is when they fatten.If other dressers can't handlethem, we cau. You can sell themto us later and we will pay you topmarket prices.We would rather have thepr. fromthe 31th to 17th, as we expect thistime to be the best market days.Don't feed your turkeys day of de-"ivery.LEON RENAKER & CO.Dow Buliding, Main Street, Opposite Hotel Windsor.Phones, Cumberland 361, Home552. (2"4)oREADJUSTMENT SALEVisit our Readjustment Sale, beginning Nov 9 th, and endingNov. 20th.fr9-2t) B. M. TUNE.oNEGRO KILLED ON RAILROADBoarding a. moving railroad traiawas fatal to Theodore Brent, colored, of Winchester, when he wasthrown from the train in the Duncanavenue cut in this city Friday afternoon. Brent "hopped"' an L. & N.freight train as it moved out of theyards, and while hanging from acar step was struck by one of theblock switches at the side of theroad. He was dragged some distancebn',1 legs .md bcth arms broken, andhis head crushed. He lived butshort time. Coroner Davis was -noti-rned, but decided no inquest was nee -essary, as uie mans aeatn was tne i aggregate ?G37,645.03, a gain ofplain result if his own carelessness j $84,135.57 over the previous week.No blarue is attached to tho railroad Business is beginning to revive folcmployes. The body was sent to a lowing ?he election. The activitycolored undertaking establish met, as eepecially moticable Saturday,a4 later seat to Winchester fo.-1 wka merchants ami bamkrs wtr1 burial.4MATUIMONIAL.Cards have been issued by Mr. andMrs Thomas Best, of Richfmond, formerly of Paris, announcing the marriage of their daughter, Miss MarvElizabeth Best, ' to Mr. RobertHughes Scobee, of Winchester. Thewedding took place in Newport, onOctober 14. Mr and Mrs. Scobeeare at home to their friends at 118East Fifteenth, street, Covington.The bride is an attractive young woman, who is well-remembered here.Mr. Scobee is a popular young man,a former lesident of Winchester.The following beautifully engraved announcements have beenissued:Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Stephensonannounce the marriage of theirdaughterCordie Leeto' Mr. Clay Gaitskill, Jr.,on Satuiday, October SixteenthNineteen hundred and twentyLexington, KentuckyHILL DRAY.Miss Blanche Hill, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. W. E. Hill, of nearCarlisle, and Russell Dray, son ofMr. and Mrs. Charles Draj, of nenrMillersburg, were married Saturdayat the home of the bride's parents.LYNAM SNAPP.Mi Mae Lynam, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. -Hanson Lynam, of nearJackstown, this county, and MillardW. Snapp, son of Mr. and Mrs.Owen Snapp, of Nicholas county,were married Saturday at the homeof the officiating (minister, Rev.Bela Metcalfe, in Carlisle. The groomis engaged in farming near Barterville, in Nicholas county, where heand his bride will reside.B ARBOU It CHAPMANMiss Elizabeth Randolph Barbour, of St. Mathews, near Louisville, and Mr. Walter Gibbs Chapman, of Louisville, were quietlymarried at four o'clock Saturday afternoon at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Lee Barbour,at St. Mathews. Only members ofthe ijmmediate family were present.Immediately after the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Chapman left for a shortwedding trip. On their return theywill be at home at 1237 Secondstreet, in Louisville.ajj. 1 UC UllUC, 0. UHilHIllil yuuug wu-man, has beerr-afreauent visitor atthe home of Paris relatives. Hermother was formerly Miss MaudeHill, of Paris. The groom is a proininint young business (man of Louisville. Mrs. Chapman's sister, MissAlice Barbour, was very recently avisitor at the home of Mr. and Mrs.L. B. Purnell, in this city.HALL FITHIANA surprise wedding that was notexactly a surprise, took place in St.Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity, Sunday afternoon at 1:30o'clock, when Miss Mae Hall, theaccomplished pianist with the GreggOrchestra at the Grand OpenHouse and The Alamo Theatre, inthis city, became the bride of Mr.Charles W. Fithian. The ceremonywas performed by the rector, Rev.Walter Cain, in the presence of a fewintimate friends of the bride andgroom. The attendants were Mr.and Mrs. Harry Brent Fithian,brother and sister-in-law ' of thagroom.The bride is the only daughter o?Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Hall, oHuntington, West Virginia. She hasbeen a resident of Paris many years,during which time she has firmly established herrelf ?.i a musician ofthe highest lank. She is possessedof personal charms and a graciousness of manner that have made hera host of friends here.Mr. Fithian is the son of Mrs.Mamie H. Fithian, of Paris. He wsh,for several years manager of thelocal Western Union telegraph officein this city, and has filled very acceptably other positions of responsibility in the city. He is at presenta highly-valued member of, the operating staff in the office of theTrain Dispatcher of the Louisville& Nashville railroad, at this point.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Fithian left, for Lexington, fromwhere they look the C. & O. I rainfor Huntington, West Va., for ashort honeymoon stay with thebride's parents. On their returnthey wiJl be at home to their friend.3at the home of Miss Anna Hutchcraft, corner of Pleasant and Tourthstreets.-oTO OUR CUSTOMERSIf you will call at our officeand settle your account, it willnot take very much of yourtime, save us the trouble ofcalling on you in person, and'will certainly be much ' appreciated. COLLIER BROS.(29-4t)PAEIS BANK CLEARINGS.tj Bank ciearings for the past week'wftMEuallr busy.STOLEN AUTO RECOVERED.Miss Carolyn Roseberry's auto, anew Paige, which was stolen from infront of a business housa on Mainstreet, Friday afternoon, was foundSaturday afternoon, by Chief of Police Link. The gasoline supply hadbecome exhausted and the machinewas abandoned on the Redmon pike,a few miles from Paris. It was uninjured. The machine was returned its owner.Miss Roseberry left- the machinein front of the A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.'s store, while she wastransacting some business there.When she cajme out she four.d : nicely-dressedyoung man in the car.He apologized, saying he was resting for a few moments. He openedthe door ol the car and politely assisted Miss Roseberry in. She drovea short distance to another store, andwhen she returned, the car wasgone. So was the young man. Thepolice were notified and in the searchthat was at once instituted ChiefLink found the car.The theory was advanced by thepolice that the young man. who issuspected of having taken the carresided in the vicinity where it wasfound, and had taken the machinelo carry him to his home. Thepolice are making an effort to locatehim, aided by the description MissRoseberry furnished them.BG REAL ESTATE DEALSThrough the real estate firm ofMitchell, Moreland & Mitchell, ofParis, Mr. Rcbt. G-. Talbott. of thiscity, and Clay Cleveland, of Lexington, sold Friday, to D. G . Taylorand R. L. Logsdon, of Bourboncounty ninety-five acres of land onthe Paris and Georgetown pike, at aprice which it is said shows no decline in the land values in that locality. Mr. Taylor spir.e time agobought 156 acres adjoining thi.-.farm, at about $466 an acre. Thetwo tracts are the original Wiedemann farm, which wao purchasedfrom Stanhope Wiedemann by Taylor& Logsdon for $418 en acres.Mr. Talbott and family, who reside on the farm, recently purchased a farm near Lexington, and willjmove to the" place on or beforoMarch 3, 1921.The &ame firm also sold iast weekfor Newton H. Bishop a small tractof 12 acres with a ?mall tenanthouse, located on the Tarr Stationpike to John Bades, of Bourboncounty for $4,000. Mr. Bishop recently sold 31 acres adjoining thistract, to Wm. Cameron, of nearShawhan, for about S10,000.oATTENTION, VISITORS TO CIRCUIT COURT. VThose attending Circuit Court orjurors or witnesses will find it convenient to have their noon day mealat out Tea Room opposite the courthouse. Regular meals.(It) ELLIS TEA ROOM.WE KNOW HW-Owingtothe Late Season and theTight Money Market we find that weare overstocked with Men's andBoys' Clothing and have decided togive our customers aIN MEN'S AND BOYS SUITSAll $85.00 and $80.00 Suits$65.00All $75.00, $70 and $65.00 Suits$59.50Men's Corduroy Pants, $8.00 Quality$5.00Boys' Suits, $5.00 to $20.00. We don't want tooverlook the ladies, so we have place on sale $4.50Silk Hose at $3.50, and $3.50 Hose at $2.50.Black, cordovan and white colors.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MCNMEMBERSHIP MEETING OF COMMERICAL CLUB.The annual membership meeting"of the Paris Commercial Club will lheld on Tuesday night, November",23, at the court house. The election of ofilcers and directors, who"will take office on January 1, will:be held at this time. Previous tothe annual election a nominatiag"primary election will be held anballots will be distributed withinfew days tc all members of the club.The candidates receiving the threehighest votes for each office will beplaced on the ticket. The primaryelection will end at 8 o'clock: Monday evening, Novejmber 15, by whichtime all ballots must have reachedthe Commercial Club office. An.election committee of five men willbe appointed by President John T.Collins.Mr. Hacker is seeking the opinion'of club members on the advisabilityof holding weekly noon luncheonsand is anxious to get them underway by the middle of this month ifa sufficient nuniber will agree to attend. The noon luncheon plan isworking successfully in most of thesurrounding eities and is provingone of the most interesting as wellas one of the most available features .of the commercial clubs. The planwhich Mr. Hacker has in mind is aprogram of entertainment during theluncheon and following the lun'cheon a short talk on business or cmcquestions.cNO BETTER CLOTHES ATTHE PRICE IN U. S. A.Price & Co. are offeringtheir $70 and $75 Suits andOvercoats at $57.50. Madeby .High Art and Fkform; nobetter in the U. S. Perfect infit, make and style.BOURBON HSCAL COURTAt the recent meeting of theBourbon Fiscal Court very littlebusiness was transacted beyondthe allowing of claims against thecounty, and several other mattersof secondary importanceAn order was enteied authorizingthe payment to Road CommissionersCatesby Spears and John T. Collins,the sum of $35,908.75, for expenseaccount for month of October. Thework of repairing and rebuildingroads in th.e ccunty will continueas long as good weather permits.After transacting some minor business the Court adjournedO-r-IRENTAL SERVICEWe are now able to supply yonwith dependable Dodge and Maxwellrental service.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, (It) 209 Main Street, Phone 307.BLAKEMOREREDUCTION"VVHtiijiiiiijiiinui I mimi Hjlllif"V4SZ$t?'1 J I "1 t ? '-r wP AC TWOSB3IEBQURB0N NEWS188139 Years of Con-tuuKHis PublicationIrery Tuesday and Friday;w Ttar. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00PajaWe in Advance.WWBT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.at the Paris, Kentucky,Ptstoftce as. Mail Matter of theid. Class.)ORSOBEIGN BEPBESENTA-TIVES.Tofk American Press Asso--Lord & Thomas.yinlaiirTphia N. W. Ayers & Son.likata. Masseneale Adv. Agency.Cttciamati Blame-Thompson Go.Lwufrille Stark-Lowman Go.Amj erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofvmy jerson, firm or corporationv wiidi may appear in the columns ofTMM BOURBON NEWS will he gladlyrrscted if brought to attention ofik editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlack for first time; 50 cents per inch9oh subsequent insertion. ,lMUzg Notices, 10 cents per line4ck issue; reading notices in blackftrpe, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiiatM, obituaries and resolutions, andvtarff&r matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMrts and yearly contracts.Tfce right of publisher is reseivedto 4eciiae any advertisement or otherstarter for publication.Announcements for political officesiBt invariably be accompanied byfee cash.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.1 hereby announce myself as aaiklate for the Democratic nom9 taatioa -for Sheriff of BourbonMty at the Primary Election inJnsgwt, IS21. When electedSJfceriff my Deputies will be "Bob"flOkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.X- ED BEDFORD, candidate forSJlMriff of Bourbon County, respectMBy solicits your -support and in-J)Tid E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR JAILER"We are 'authorized to announceJOHN Jf ATTAR, of the Millersburgyrftoi&ct,. (fapiiliarly known as JohnTotter)) as a candidate for Jailer ofBcrarsoh. county, subject to the actios. the Democratic voters of the-ttxty. Mr. Mahar respectfully- solicits the support of the votersim. his candidacy.Bd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can-itiate for Jailer of Bourbon bounty, subject to the action of the Dem--wratic nnmary.OR TAX COMMISSIONER." e are authorized to announceJTAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Preiact'No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCwnmissioner of Bourbon County..jrKk VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofJfHiersburg, as Deputy, subject to. she action of the Democratic votersf Bourbon county.i "We are authorized to announce'.JOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthHMdletown precenict, as a oanditfete for Tax Commissioner of Bour-county, with THOMAS TAUL,Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofPearson county.COMMIS-Mt DEPUTY TAXSIONER.'Bern "Woodford, Jr., will make thejte for Deputy in connection withWalter dark as Tax Commissionerft Bourbon County, subject to theof the Democratic partysEEMNG OF THE 1920-1921 TOBACCO MARKETXEKTirCKY CA3T GiTOW JI01EWHEAT THAU HVERAccording to Government reports,the 1920 vheat crop in Kentuckywas only about half as large aseither the 1918 or 1919 crop, butthis fact sbould not discourage farmers in the growing of wheat. If weapply ourselves to proper agricultur- jal methsids, Kentucky will grow asmuch or more wheat than ever.No doubt, some people think thatKentucky should go out of the wheatgrowing business, but we might aswell say that Kentucky should quitgrowing tobacco.Kentucky always will and alwaysshould grow tobacco. Kentucky always will and always should growwinter wbeat. It will be a (mistaketo think of cutting out either cropbecause both play an important partin the agricultuial prosperity of theState.Undoubtedly The season aad muchtn do with the reduced yield ofwhest this year. Possibly it wasmore to blame than the scil, but itmust be admitted that wheat growing has been much neglected of late.During the war the abnormal demand for tobacco sent up the priceand kept it up and it was naturalthat we should grow as much tobacco as possible. On thousands offarms the best ground was plantedto tobacco, and wheat was plantedon the poorer ground and givenonly secondary attention.But now the war is over and th;relative difference between the pricesof wheat and tobacco will soon disappear. We must get back to a noijmal agricultural basis. We miict notforget that wheat is one of the staple crops cf Kentucky. It is essential to the fullest prosperity of theState, even as tobaccc and corn andother products are essential.It is time, right now, for us tothink of wheat and get ready fornext year. Tobacco ground is splendid ground for wheat and next yearmay be the best wheat -year Kentucky fver had. More attention tothe proper liming and fertilizing ofthe Foil will help to make it so.BREAKS A GOLD INJUST A FEW HOURS'Tape's Cold Compound" InstantlyRelieves Stuffiness andDistressDon't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! A does of "Pape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages of the head; stops nose run-anng; relieves the Headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, sorenessand stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, contains no quinine. Insist uponPape's! (adv)BITTER PILLS DO US THE MOSTGOOD.According to present information,Paris tobacco markets will openisr the winter season of 1920-'21bout the tenth of December, at-which time the warehouses will beHacked "with the weed. There i.jtmvtr to be a considerable quantityof tobacco ready, or being prepared,Ssr the local market.The warehousemen are anticipating a good season, despite the facestoat the recent drouth somewhat afJfccted the tobacco business, and thefarther fact that the market jtnayhre a slow start on account of thequality of some of the offerings. Itjst the intention of the warehouselagers to fall into line when thejt of tobacco starts, in orders hBTe the great amount Thegrowers re eagerly watching theMtrket, nd are preparing to affiliate"with the organization looking for theIwttwment of the condition of thsspowtr, and assisting him in. sellingA the heet market price obtainable.The tobacco in "case" and in theswine ie row being rapidly strippedmmd put in the best possible conditionsbc the opening sale at the ParisIf pams. The condition of the ''casd" leaf product has been vry precarfcufi for )m time, due to the nrermMing iry weather. The grower;hmi to ewait the opportune time forstripp4flg." Recent rains havii,IflMight about th& anoet ieiirableta4e and there fcs ha no dUy i.aI am often reminded, says RogerBabson, of the old chap who brushed his teeth with yellow soap.He said, "Not because it is goodfor my teeth, but becauso it is goodfor my disposition."Soundb foolish, but it is based ona fundamental principle, just thecame.The bitterest pills usually do usthe most good the things we hateto do are usually the best for us.You can never get anywheie on thetrack, in the business world, or anywhere else by only jomping the lowhurdles doing the easy thins.Doing easy things never mude aworld's champion."Brush your teeth with yellowpoap" every morning oy starting onthe hardest job of the day.Get it done first!It will be good for your disposition and your bank book, and therest of the day will be easy becauFothe heavy work is done."" ' . '.. rV "A- f" , H J "-rv4iS-. 'iiiiiinTfiii ni ini y tuiiiuTny i'rilU , in iisia iii nVaiu i riwi iREBELLIONiIN STOMACHLADY FEELS THANKFULFQR RE-CU-MAMrs. H. S. Grant, Who Tor a YearHas Suffered Erom Constipation,Now Much Better; Says RE-CU-MAHas Helped Her."For the past year I have had constipation so bad I could not sleepnights. I was run down and nervous, and was so wUsk I could hardlygo at all. I was very much discouraged as nothing gave me relief."I saw Re-CU-MA advertised inthe paper and thought I would try itas a last resort."I have taken one bottle and myconstipation is much, better. I sleepbetter and feel lots stronger than Idid before taking RE-CU-MA."It has made me feel so much better that I now recommend it to myfriends and neighbors and adviseanyone to take it who -has mytrouble.(Signed) MRS. J. S. GRANT."Winston-Salem, N. C."RE-CU-MA is sold for $1.20 andtax on a' four days guarantee byBrooks & Snapp, and all good drugstores. (adv)oGAS AND THE GAS-MAN" iriB&iffiGas-naking oils that for twenty ormore years have been procurable ariprices ranging from two and onehalf certs to five cents per- gallonhave shot up to fifteen -and twentycents per gallon. The gas jmanufacturers who are tied to municipalcontracts are trying to find a wayout oD their tragic dilrmma. Theyrecognize that in their competitionwith the automotive industry thatthey are oat-distanced. As a resultseveral gas companies throughoutthe country, that were unable tobear their new burdens, have beencompelled to suspend operations.The gas indubtry evidently cannotpay the new costs for fuel, and atthe same time continue the old rates.'The conditions means that the gascompanies pnust have "higher fares"just the same as necessity has imposed m dealing with conditions regarding railroads, street car lines,electric light plants, and other public utilities.PAWPAPWS REPORTED SCARCEPawpaws, the erstwhile poorman's friend, have grown to be arare article these days, but aNEWS man saw a country cousin IrParis a few days ago with a sjmaUbasket containing several. The oldercitizens of the city and county remember when it was the custom forthe boys to go into the country andgather a basketfull of pawpaws.They would then lay them out untilthey got yellow and thoroughly ripe,when they were fine fruit and hada delicate flavor. But, like manyother old-fashioned good things,they are going into ihe discard, andseldom seen.oThe population of the Polar regions is about 300,000.For SaleOne McDougal Kitchen Cabinet;two Keltax Chairs and Dvan; 01:0New Process Stove, all good as new.Call Cumberland Phone 73.For Salewire wheels.A bargain afFoid Sedan, withIn good condition$600.RUGGLES MOTOR CO(26-tf)Pape's Diapepsin" at once iends Indigestion and ISour, Acid Stomach" ..... ...,Lumps of undigested food causepain. If your stomach is in a revolt; if sick, gassy and upset, andwhat you just ate has fermentedand turned sour; head dizzy andache&, belch gases and acids ardeructate undigested food just takea tablet of two of Pape's Diapepsinto help neutralize acidity and m fiveminutes you wonder what becohie ofthe pain, aefdity, indigestion anddistress.If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless stomachantacid is Pape's Diapepsin, whichcosts so little at drug stores, (adv)oFinland has 8,720 mlies of telegraph and 2,891 miles of telephonelines ana one radio station with a600-mile radius.Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and terms.Write or call for this big list. Makeyour selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome "WM. E. OGLE AGENCY,"Vevay and Madison, Indiana.(auglO-tf-eot)New FirmWe have formed a partnershipunder the firm name of Paynter &Fronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blacksmi thing, woodworking and horseshoeing businessat the old Curtis stand, in EastParis. We know our busines3thoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best workjmanship and satisfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STR OTHER PAYNTER,JOHN FRONK.(octl.tf) ,axi tab oernceWhen 'you want taxi cab serrice,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.Garage For SaleIn order to dissolve paitnershipwe offer privately the Citizens Garage, located Main and Secondstreets. Garage equipment withtires, tubes and accessories.Possession given November 1,1920.CITIZENS GARAGE,(oct 26-tf Rowland & Buchanan.England's luaatics decreased by 10per cnt jm.Ui tart :o years ofrtbiNOTH I N G BUTINSURANCEFIRETORNADOAUTOMOBILEWORKMENCONPENSATIONAND BONDINGA. J. f EE;.v raxHBMfcjrwv MMopanMniM ., - tt i p wm w w T T mmrmmm rjT3ammBmamBmmzmmmBmmimmmmmmmmMm3 ; Av : TF-''T, . , ' "VtjfUlfi'iBHiJH'r urnunca nooms, r-T i, -v, -rooms for renC JLp-vm.StrTurnishedply toCARL CRAWFORD.For SaleA Lexington Sedan seven passenpassenger, in Al condition. CallCumberland Phone 684. (2-3t)For RentHouse, with five acres ofCall Cumberland Phone 847. ,(nov5-2t)land.Keys LostIff the boy who picked up a bunchof keys in front of the Busy Be .Cash Store, on Main street, Saturnday night, will return them to officeof The Bouibon Lumber Co., onSouth Main street, he will receive aliberal re-ward. (nov-2-tf)WELDINGAUTO BEPAIBING AKD GENERAL MACHINE WOBK..HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)i;GET YOUR SHAREOf These Furniture Values!1Standing on our floors, waiting for your inspection, are hundreds of furniturevalues. In this stock you will find everything you desire to furnish the homefrom living room to kitchen, all pieces priced under to-day's market. It is hardlynecessary for us to tell you that at the prices we are quoting this stock will movevery rapidly, yet we want you to get your share of this furniture. We are showing here prices on a few specimen values; they will give you an idea as to thevariety our offer includes. Make up your mind to drop in tomorrow and inspectit for yourself.This Davenport Table Queen Anne Dining Room SpiteHere is a beautiful davenporttable that will just fit yourliving room and it gives it anatmosphere of luxruy. Madeof mahogany with the two' endpieces beautifully carved,reai vaiue ai tne pricequote.A 'IT 1.I XJ h-irSS.i-'.rJLH( rLtmaim f-- 1 imYF rif'ttjW1 L-J iyrSmsgMnrlnm0sUV m S Be S1 m&5mu uaaigaaTTTWevB MltfwlBHHi&MtmmmVmKtamij' .y " vr4CwV?kS:j3IHHnHaweThere is no period suite more appropriate for the diningroom than the Queen Anne and this suite embodies allthe beauty of that period. Consists of a buffet, table,china cabinet, server, one arm chair and five 7 aaplain chairs. Complete suite v !&""The Cream of Overstuffed SuitesThis Rocker Means aBeautiful HomeThis is without doubt one of the haddsomest overstuffedsuites that we have been able to show you for some time.Look at the big cushioned arms, the soft luxurious backand the large roomy seat. There's no denying its comfort and at the price we quote is a rare bar- aooa nAgain. Complete as shown $oZU.UUThere is no better way to create an atmosphere of cheerand comfort on dark winterdays than by the use of reedfurniture. This rocker willput a dash of color in yourliving room, and as for comfort, just sit in it and be convinced. Can be had in ivoryor fumed finish covered withcretonne.Every Woman ShouldHave a Cedar ChestA Charming Chair and RockerThis cedar chest is certainly abeauty. Made of selected Tennessee red cedar in beautifulgrains, highly polished andbound with bands of copper.Will prevent destruction andkeep clothes in perfect condition. Has patented construction that insures a lifetime ofservice in your Home. . . .$36.001A. F.KMain and Third StreetThere is both grace and dignity in this cane back chairand rocker. They are designed after the Queen Anneperiod. The backs are woven of cane and the seats upholstered in a fine grade velour. Can be had in American Walnut or mahogany finish, Real values.WHEELERCH AS. GREEN, Ngr..1 ttiip..- . . ' v -:. a . .-c1 I ' - " -1 1 " i- -f 1Opposite Coart HcaseK. -6t. I!J0tl5-ft1 VI'-iirt, 1 tniixm;w" -, tr ,YZtmtiimwimmwiiwiwiwMmmmmmiHmmmmmmmmw ".-' j i, - -:rr iA-y t .- - -w-' jX"t "r Vr titi-A--vty&?-""',, ' S U 7 fcl J1 'V ? ,-, Jvrf,-5'VH-$p if v,3 V.'-Utt6 Mft".'S""&.a-'TOTATPOlffllCBTO i, JLf2Qf " ,$J&XH.- -v-f'H32"it.9ETTfA.Another Royal SuggestionCOOKIES and DROP CAKESFrom the New Royal Cook BookX7HEN the child"V ren romp in hungry, here are somewholesome delights that-will satisfy the mostravenous appetite.Cookiescup shortening2 cups sugarcup milk2 eggsteaspoon grated nutmeg1 teaspoon vanilla extractor grated rind of llemon4 cups flour3 teaspoons RoyalBaking PowderCream shortening: and sugar together; add milk tobeaten eggs and beatagain; add slowly tocreamed shortening andsugar; add nutmeg andflavoring; add 2 cups floursifted with baking pow-riT !fr avi j-tti cvlk vMjv"tt,flour to make stiff dough. I"Roll Mlf tmwr it.U t" -" vlk j.jr LXllii VUfloured board; cut withcookie cutter, sprinklewith sugar, or put a raisin or a piece of Englishwalnut in the center ofeach. Bake about 32 minutts in hot oven.Cocoa Drop Cakes4 tablespoons-shortening1 cup sugarleggcup milk1 cups flour3 teaspoons RoyalBaking Powdercup cocoateaspoon salt1 teaspoon vanillaCream shortening; addsugar and well-beatenegg; beat well and addmilk slowly: sift flour,baking powder, salt andcocoa into mixture; stiruntil smooth, add vanilla.Put one tablespoon ofbatter into each greasedmuffin tin and bake inmoderate oven about 20minutes. Cover with boiled icing.ARBOR DAY CHANGEDActing upon advice of the FederalSupervisor of School Gardens, StateSuperintendent of Schools GeorgeColvin Bot:fied County Superintendent J. B. Caywood that Arbor Daybad be?n changed from October 31to November 19. The co-operationof parents and teachers is urged.The day "vill be appropriately observed by the city and countyschools.Trees! Trees!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreens. Perrennialsv Rhubarb- ' RosesHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catalog.No Agents.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.oct22-6t)'PatheIISSSIuLv . 1 ;" ' -Hi glM 111Xwf kasmcli 3d. -5 7 V- - 1 9)H w.muhj- tBBIBES D ttltifanMtfa&M II5H&VMM I!S h A I jI1 awwwwwi - -- Hb&HB)). jgiS 1 - jmm.. - " ' "'i- J. - . ,.-. r ! in. Y-V J! I ' C 1kirO0Cft''M 11H1 yiMHif -aa-- - fw to iw.yypi .iwi -!J,MMfeASiait'. . A,W-i. .,.rmMif-8VROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbmotutety PureMad from Cream of Tartar,derived from grapes.COOK BOOK FREEThe new Royal Cook Bookcontaining 400 delightful recipes, will be sent to youfree if you will send yourname and address.EO YAIi BAKING POWDER CO.115 Fulton Street, New York City.ROOSEVELT THANKS THETUCKY VOTERS.KEN-Former United States SenatorJohnson N. Camden, of Versailles,received a message from Franklin D.Rooseveit in which he expressedthank& for the effoits of those vAioaided in the recent campaign preparing at once for a Depnocratic victory in the future.Mr. Roosevelt's message follows:'Please let me express my sincerethanks for all of your efforts duringthe campaign, and especially all thatwas done for me when I visited yourState."The moment of defeat is the besttime to undertake plans for victoryfor Democracy in the future. Witha new Congress to be elected twoyears hence the present is none tooearlj to begin concerted effort. Ihope we may all join in workingout plans at an early date and feelbure you will give your advice andco-operation."F. D. ROOSEVELT."0Maize, generally regarded as native to America, was cultivated mChina long before Columbus discovered America.. 0 'It is said that motor boats aieigrowing popular in China.Phonographsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS 1M.E.PRUITT,MiUersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.. Kcr X 1 n -vAgM "M M'; r ABM . J, T k-k- -- ,ijVvr.MILLERSBURGMr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, anaMr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw, of Paris,attended the funeral of Cale W. Corrington in this city Saturday, afternoon. Miss Laura C. Jefferson, died atthe home of her brother, Mr. R. M.Caldwell, on Trigg avenue, in thiscity, Friday (morning at an earlyhour, after an illness of about onemonth. Miss Jefferson was a womanof fine Christian character, and hada host of friend3 here. She was adaughter of Mrs. Mary Jane Caldwell, and is survived by her halfbrother, Mr. R. M. Caldwell, of thiscity. Funeral services were conducted at the Caldwell residence Sundayafternoon by Rev. W. W. Morton,pastor of the Millersburg Frrsbytprian church. The body was takento her old home at Mayslick. forburial.Caleb W. Corrington, one of the(most prominent and well-knownbusiness men of Millersburg, died athis home in this city Thursdaynight after an illness of but twodays. His death was due to a com',plication of diseases. He had beenin ill-health for some time, but hiscondition was not thought to be serious until a short time before hisdeath.Mr. Corrington was born in MillArRhurer in 18K3. and received his'early education in this city. At anearly age ne oecame laenuueu wimthe business life of Millersburg, entering the business which he made asuccess and continued to the time ofhis death. He was a man of finecharacter and had a large circle ofwarm and devoted friends in thecounty and elsewhere, who . regrethis passing away. He was a member of the Methodist church and ofaenroral frntprnn.1 firdeTS. to all Ofwhich he was devoted.Mr. Corrington is survived by hiswidow, and four brothers, OwenCorrington, of Hot Springs, Ark.;Lee Corrington, of Memphis, Tenn.;Jos. Corrington, of Ithica, Newvnrir sinri John f!orrin;rton. of Fe-wee Valley.The funeral was held from thefamily home Saturday afternoon atthree o'clock. Services were conri noted fit the srave in tho Millers-burg Cemetery by Rev. Adams, pastor of the Methodist cnurc-n, assisted by Dr. C. C. Fisher. The honorary pall-bearers were Ben Thoinascm, Charles Leer, J. F. McDaniel,Sr., Dr. W. G. Dailey, Dr. D. M.Boxley, T. D. Judy, J. B. Vimont,Alfred Ball. The active pall-bearerswere W. D. Wadell, Duke Jone.?,A. S. Best, J. B. Cray, W. A. Butler,James Butler.BE PAIR TO TEACHERSBe fair and jusf to the teacher ofyour child en. Remember that theteacher m the public schools is agreat and important factor in developing a true and useful manhood orwomanhood in your child.The ohild is the raw malerial outof which is to be made a man or woman. It will require all of your careas well as that of the teacher.It is 'a most important work, involving gieat responsibilities, mucn1act and clear judgment. 11 yourchild complains of the teacher, remember that it is the complaint of a.child who does not know what isbest. Youth is impatient under re.etraint and often complains witnoutjust cause.We are not claiming perfection forschool teachers, and condemning allchildren, hut we do know that theteachers is nearly always right, andthat they have only the best interestof the pupil t heart.Be fair to the teacher and youwill be kind to your child.o.. IT CAN BE DONE.Statistics show that a very large-per cent of the fatalities in businessore due to the fact that Americanmerchants with limited capital areendeavoring to finance the affairsof their customers. That is to say,probably 85 per cent, of the merchants who fail in business undertake to carry the accounts of toomany of their customers for toolong a time.It can't be done!SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.v ,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. . F. Clay left Satuidayfor Eustis, Florida, where she willspend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick havereturned from a visit to their son,Colepaan Renick, in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Sparks andchildren are visiting Mr. and Mrs.D. A. Worstell, in Dayton, Ohio,Mr. and Mrs. J. I. Glover havereturned to their home in Winchester after a vr'sit to Mrs. Harry Current. John M. Cooper has returned tohis home in this city after a visitto friends and relatives in Flemingsburg home.Miss Elizabeth Toohey has returned from a month's visit t$friends and relatives in Chicagoand Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Spearsare moving this week into theirnew home on Houston avenue, recently completed.Mrs. A. W. Bourne, of SouthMain street, is visiting her sister inLouisville and attending the GypsySmith revival meetings.Miss Katherine Newman has returned to her home in Falmouth, after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris and Clintonville.Miss Helen Louise Robinsonhas returned from Winchester,where fehe attended a party givenby Miss Mary Frances Jones.Mrs. Carley Wilmoth and twolittle daughters have returned froma visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Shropshire, in Leesburg.Mis" Juliet Turner has completely recovered from a serious illness, and has returned to the Colonial School, in Washington, D. C ,to resume hei studies.George T. Gorham and littledaughter have returned to theirhome in Scranton, Pennsylvania, after a visit to Mr. Gorham's mother,Mrs. Thomas Bonar, at Leesburg.Miss Helen Hutchcraft. of Paris,was a recent guest of Mrs. R. K.Arnold, in Versailles. Miss Hntcncraft was guest of honor last weekat an entertainment given by herhostess.Mr. T. C. Johnson, Mrs. E. B.Allen and Little granddaughrer.Martha Belle McCray, have returnedto their homes in North MJddletownafter a visit to friends and relativesm Kansas and Missouri.Miss Mary All n Hutchcraft,who recently underwent an operation for appendicitis, at the MassieMemorial Hospital, is recoveringnicely, and will soon be able to return to her home in East Paris.Carter N. Martin, who recentlyjmoved with his family, to Lexington,will be associated with the E. L.Martin wholesale grocery, as hookkeeper. Mr. Martin and family wiLreside at 501 Elm Tiee Lane.The following from Paris attended a luncheon-bridge given inCynthiana by Mrs. James J. curie,sister of Mrs. J. O. Marshall,- ofthis city: Mis. J. O. Marshall, Mrs.Will G. McClintock, Mrs. AnnabelleWallace, Mrs. Harry Mathers, Mrs.Charles May, Mrs. Frank P. Kiser,Mis. Thornwell Tadlock, Mrs.Luther Rice, Mrs. Thorn? s W. Allen.Mrs. Watson W. Judy and Mrs. C.0. Wilmoth.(Other Personals on Page 5)oFORCED TO QUIT"All The Boys At This End of Theline Are Talking About MyRecovery," He Says"The recovery not only surprisedtyip hut. nil the hovs are talkingabout what a grand medicine Tanlac,is to have pulled me through," saiaA. E. Rawley, telegraph, operator atweisfnrd Station, on the CanadianPacific R. R. Mr. Rawley makes hJshome at Westfield Beach, NewBrunswick."My health suddenly gave way'four years ago following an attackof grippe that settled' in my stomach," continued Mr. Rawley. "WhatI ate would Mur, causing gas andsuch a pressure in (my chest that Iwould nearly smother. Sharp painswould suddenly strike me in tiiechest, keeping me in agony iu.boms. One day I began vomitingand kept it up almost incessantly forfour das. I went to a hospital forthree weeks, but 3hortl afterwardo-nt worse off than ever. Acute attacks of pain and nausea began cominsr on me every month, then everyweek, and I lost fifty pounds mweight and hod to give up my placeas station agent. I went to two other hospitals for treatment and took,every kind of medicine I could nearof, but I got worse all the time."Before my first bottle of Tanlacwas gone I noticed a decided changefor tlie better. I have taken eightbottles of Tanlac, am feeling fine andw . co oimnst anvthinsr. I havegained twenty pounds, my stomachtrouble is gone and I am workingevery day. T am gaming weigmand strength every day and considerTanlac the most wonderful medicinein the world." x-LTanlac is sold In ans at me rwple's Pharmacy. (adv)No goods are allowed to pass aTurkish customhouse' which have aSTATION AGENTtrademark that at an resemmeacrescent.The sparrow can fly short distance.HWfete'of about eighty miles ant" . - ,7 fiiour. U &r of drxneettela- auMML174, ,. - -r ,Sii "iMwmy.ia aI1X1WILEAnnouncing100Tailored and EurTrimmedSuitsAt Exceptional Pricescy$49.50$54.50Represented in this collectionare the smartest models of theseason, made in the soft, . yelvetp materials so much desiredfor Autumn and Winter wear.This is an unusualopportunitya111Wolf, WileLexington, Kentucky!X1y.y.Vheu reTjalkiny PoliticsThose groups of men whom; you see conversing are talking' about thoseSuits and Overcoatswe are selling at$18.50, $20, $25Looks like old times. We areready to show our willingness toreduce clothes costs, and this isjust the beginning of what youmay expect from us. Readjustment prices in every line.See our windowr and then our,complete stock."SAVE THE DIFFERENCETWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND IE DEP'T.619 Main StreetL. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERY 'a larger stock of finishedGranitethan all other dealers inNo commissions.1THE MURRAYCumberland Hmim 7tixsxuxsixs:-:;IXIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotorEOTrfPHOHU?Mvrrn.nwr & - ' I I Ml I il IjfavlpnilwSiitei Bl j?y ..j.. jl ..jBBWBWylWIIBPiBP3PFPpco. hif rHk -T.e$69.50$85.00lXIXIXIXIXIXCo.-tYA:tf.V-" J"rrsxMonumentsCentral Kentucky. No agewfcbGuaranteed quality.& THOMAS CO.PARIS. KENTUCKYJanel5-3mmEX!Equipment;PAY137 HUHTl(..& ."jgWI4.WJ1HJJJUWm&mmhIf4z$ti"-i"i-r.vkV'T '4ke-1-.1 JlSTi t- c j ' jfwvki B o V',rtt Sr ti-" - VI . t- .3fc . i - 'jw a v: "&?. v r- 4lS.? ' fCiC V 1ST'' 'Stn buukhom ram msb, fiWHHui. ji.JxuasstjAr, MUVJBMUBR , IHTVr , -m-'jj, T a tin , im- : Vj -iu.Johnston'sChocolatesTie Appreciated CandiesWe carry a full line at all timesand receive it fresh every week:Assorted Nnts In Cream $1.75Authentic Selection 1.50Quintette Assortment 1.75That Package 1 .75The above packages contain assortments to suit every taste FruitCreams, Nut Pieces, Hard CenterChocolates, Caramel Nougat, Taffy,.Butterscotch and many others. Comin and let us show you.tR. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHABMACYPhones 60.Paris, Ky.AltmSTICE DAT jCELEBRATIOITpreparations are being made byBourbon Post American Legion, forcelebrating Armistice Day, on nextThursday, November ,11. Publicannouncement has not yet been madeof the program to be observed, butit will be one appropriate to the ocI casion.Don't be so busy that you cannotilend your presence o those whowill aia in tms ceieurauui". jll uaabeen but two short years since thewar with Germany came to an end.To commemorate those who died inthat great struggle and to give anxpre?sion of ptriotism in these daysof peace is but right. Tne people orParis and Bourbon county are requested to give their presence only.In lending your aid you are showing your appreciation of the win-jnig of a great war.PAY AND SAVE INTEREST.Payment on the new streetson Pleasant street is now duefrom property owners abutting thereon; and should besettled promptly to avoid accumulating interest.C K. THOMAS.City Collector.(oct26-tf)SJWILLIAMS JUBILEE SnTCFMS lSZheke TO-jrittjarr.- t .. rParis music lovers" will have thepleasure to-night of hearing the famous Williams Jubilee Singers, hohave in the past visited Paris several times, and who have won torthemselves the approval of musiclovers everywhere. This is one ofthe really superior colored musical ,organizations of the country, onethat has become famous the worldever.The Williams Singers will be hereto-night in concert at the ParisHigh School auditorium. In theirrepertoire they include all classesof music from the old negro plantation melodies to grand opera andclassical selections.oTOBACCO INSURANCEProtect your tobacco in barnagainst loss by fire, tornado andlightning by insuring withYERKES & PEED.! (sept3-tf )A POSITIVE OTABAETEESee the guarantee of the Williamson Heater Company on page 8.A. S. BEST & CO., AgentsBoth Phones 33 Millershurg, Ky.(26-8t)AT AUCTION!SMALL FARMOn Thursday, November 18th, 1920At 10:00 O'clock A. MWe will sell to the highest bidder in tracts of 10 acres and up, the farm known as the Wm. Kenney.farpi.Situated about 9 miles from Paris and 9 miles from Lexington on the Houbton and Antioch pike onehalf mile from Interurban stop No. 34 on he Lexington and Paris line, and with railroad station at thecorner of the place on the Houston pike. Improvements A good frame residence, barn and other outbuildings. Schools and churches close.All the tracts have a good pike fiontage, and are well watered, with a good building site on each. Inv-mediate possession can be had except one room retained until the present occupant removes crops and stock.Immediately cfter the sale of real estate we will sell some personal pioperty consisting of' about 125shocks of corn, two extra good Jersey cows, fresh this winter, one good combination mare, household furniture and other articles. vTerms easy for real estate, to be announced on day of sale.. The personal pioperty will be sold forcash. This is a bona fide sale to settle the estate of Mrs. Juliet P. Kenney, and every tract will be soldto the highest Didder without reserve 'or by-bid. Mr. Kenney, who is ori the place, will shew the propertyto anyore interested.v(9nov3t)Security Trust CompanyAdmr. with the Will Annexed of Mrs. Juliet P. Kenney.Have You Taken Advantage , of Our Readjustment Prices OnisIW BillSIF you have not taken advantage of our readjustment sale you should get busy.Here, we are, right the beginning of the season, offering special prices onSuits and Overcoats that compare with pre-war prices, and we are featuringthe best merchandise in the country in this sale Hart Schaf fner & Marx, Kirschbaum and other leading makes of clothing. All new styles in all wool fabricslatest colorings and fabrics.There is absolutely nothing reserved. Supply your clothing wants now.Come in to-day and see what we are doing to prices.We are also, offering 20 per cent, off on Boys' Suitsand Overcoats.$15.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$18,00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$20.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$22.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$25.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to '$27.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$30.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$32.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$35.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$37.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to fc$40.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$42.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$12.001 4.401 6.00. 1 8.0020.00. 22.0024.0026.0028.00. 30,00. 32.0034.00$45.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to ' $36.00$47.50 Suits and Overcoats-cut to ...... 38, OO$50.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to-. 40.00$52.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to 42.00$55.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to ! 44. OO$57.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to 46. OO$60.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to 48, OO$62.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to 50.00$65.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to 52.00167.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to. 54.00$70.00 Suits and Overcdats ycut to 56.00$75.00 Suits and OvercoatsOcut to 60,00CASHNO APPROVALSR P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.w-ifiir.rtrtri nr. t i.i n n irm1- - nn n irnfrVREADJUSTMENT SALOf Our Entire Stock Of Men's And Women's Fall Shoes.pgc"To meet the public demand for Cheaper Shoes we have decided to make big Reductions inour Fall and Winter Shoes for Men and Women.In the past few weeks there has been a drop in the leather market, and. while our stockwas bought at the prevailing high prices, we are willing to to sacrifice our profits to give youCheaper Shoes.You cheerfully paid the price while they were going up and we think you are entitled to anyreductions which may occur.... !he,smiI,Jna'S!" S profit we ' taking will not allow us to make any changes so this salewill ho tap CACI1 AMI V . -...... .w. vnv.. w....mStacy Adams Shoes$20.00 ValuesREADJUSTMENT PRICE$16.00Womens Shoes in Tan andBlack English,John Kelly's $17.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$15,50jHarvard & Foster, Men'sSewed Shoes $16.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$13.00Womens Tan and BrownEnglish $15.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$12.50All $15.00 ShoesREADJUSTMENT PRICE$12.50Men's Tan EnglishFormerly $13.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$11.00All $14.00 ShoesREADJUSTMENT PRICE$12.00Women's Tan EnglishShoes $12.00READJUSTMENT PRICE$10.00All $12,00 SheasREADJUSTMENT PRICE.$10,00Men's HeavyWork ShoesReducedAccordingly.sBUY NOW SO YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED IF YOU CAN'T BE FITTED.V?'- fcrHrHARRY LINVILLEPARIS, KENTUCKY-Hi -i"if-tsw r.vf . ?sf fcfflte !z&k " a.V Tv '-VI:V 'tyr, -a-- ?& --; jm..-Jsrxs" JJsi2F7T"t-oVV'J"-&jr"& 'V,v"-,ff4rf'SLirifc,-A j!p&V4if .VW?-,3ifc11Vr- .1S!Jirvf?I,X"TUBSDAT, HOVWM.mfa.. , !-'3-THE BftCTEBO! iwfelj JMWtktftFITS'.j;' -FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESORGHUM, SORGHUMIf you want a quantity of sorghum,see us. None better.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oNOTICE 'TO ADVERTISERSNo advertising- Will "be accepted "byus after the 15th of November onnew contracts for less than 25 centsper inch. Locals 10 cents per line,black readers 20 certs per line.AJ1 copy for "display advertisingmust be ir. our hands on Wednesdays and Saturdays.THE BOURBON NEWS.o :NOTICE TO EX-SERVICE MEN OPBOURBON COUNTY.social Am personal:tamings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.By way of observing ArmisticeDay, Bourbon Post will hold appropriate exercises Thursday eveningat the Masonic Hall. Preceding theexercises an oyster supper vsill beserved at seven o'clock at same place.All ex-service men in the countyare invited.oC. MEETING AT COURTU. D.HOUSE SATURDAYRichard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of Confederacy, will holdtheir regular meeting in the Confederate room, in the court house, nextSaturday afternoon, November 13.at 2:30 o'clock. Business of importance. All the members are requested to attend.oAUTO AND BUGGY COLLIDEAn automobile driven by CarlosJohnson, of Paris, collided Saturdayafternoon on Main Street, with abuggy belonging to Arthur Faulkner, of Cane Ridge, this county. Thebuggy vas badly damaged but theoccupants escaped injury. The accident occurred at a time where thevehiclar traffic was very heavy, andwas unavoidable.0- .THANKSGIVING TURKEYS.We arc now receiving turkeys for the Thanksgivingmarket, and will receive up toand including Saturday, the1 3th. Bring your fat turkeysin to us this week and get topmarket price.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.nov9-2t)c-REMEMBER THIS.Remember the "Giant" long-lifebattery, and where you can get" itBOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, " (It) 209 Main Street. Phone 307.aPRES. CR0SSFEELD TO LECTURETHURSDAY NIGHT.Dr. R. H. Crossfield, president otTransylvania College, at Lexington,will deliver a lecture on the subject, "Europe of To-day,' at thecourt house in this city, Thursdaynight, at 7:30 o'clock. An admission charge of thirty-five cents wilt"be made. Dr. Crossfield has recently returned from a tour ofEurope, where he pr-ade a soecialstudy o conditions obtaining sincethe great world-war.. -oBURGLARS STEAL CLOTHESBurglars entered the room of N.B. Moss, at the home of Mrs. RussellMann, on Friday night, and, after.ransacking everything, probably insearch, of money, departed with twoovercoats and five saits of clothes,the property of Mr. Moss. The police were notified, but have no clueas yet upon which to work.Mr. Moss had just returned from abusiness trip to Dayton, Ohio. Uponentering his ioom he discovered hisloss. The thief effected an entranceby jimmying a windew in the rearof the room. Up to date nothinghn hPAn Jieard from the mismf.clothing.c-NOTICE TO PATRONS OF GAS &ELECTRIC CO.Wa are sorry to be compelled tonotify our customers that in thefuture we will discontinue our practice of sending a collector out between the 15th and 20th of themonth to collect the unpaid, bills athat time, but must insist that alhi' Is be paid at the office of thecompany. . .We allow you the regular discountif they are paid on or before 6 p. m.of the 1 0th of the month or itchecks are mailed so as to show postmark of the 10th and our servicewill be discontinued on the -0thwhere the account has not been settled. Pay betore the 10th and saveyour discount.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,C. L. STEENGERGEN,(94t) Manager.FORMER PARIS 'MAN IN NEWYORK PHOTO. vThe October number of the Musical Courier, a New York pnagazine,contains a splendid l'keness of Geo.Alexander, former Paris banker. Mr.Alexander, who, it is said, hasa position under Frederick A. Wallis,Commissioner of Immigration, atEllis Island, near New York, iishown 1n a picture taken with Mrat.Schumann-Heink, the noted singer,just before diva's recent concert vJails Island, when she sang beforektrje audience composed of io"xraato. I another picture , in thesuae Mttgajdne is shown Mr. Wallis.in iiimiMT with Mayer urwoGROUP MEETINGS EELDCOMMERCIAL CLUB'3YMr. and Mrs. Forrest Letton arevisiting relatives in Indiana.Miss Ruth Ledford, of Carlisle,is a guest of Miss Nathan Linville,near this cityMrs. Boone Phillips has returned to her home m' Maysville, after avisit to relatives near Paris.o '" ?!?ry J- Hil1' of Versailles,spent the week-end in Paris withhis son, J. Fred Hill, arid family. .r- A' Stern left Saturday forMt. Clemens, Michigan, for an extended visit for 'the benefit of hishealth.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Gaitskill,Jr. will go to housekeeping thisweek in their new bungalow, nearAusterlltz.Mr. and Mrs. Lillard Redmonhave taken apartments at ihe hopneof Miss Imogen e Redmon, on Cvpress street.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Buckner havereturned to Xalapa Farm frqmvisit to W. E. Blanton and family,in Richmond.:Mrs. N. A. Moore has gone toUmatilla, Florida, to spend the winter with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles T. Embry.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Lovell andfamily have moved into the Hollidayproperty on Eighth street, recentlypurchased by themMrs. Oakford Hinton spent theweek-end with her daughter, MissNell -Winn Hinton, at Science HillSchool, in Shelbyville.Near Jackstown, this county,to the wife of Clay Allen, a son,christened Clay Allen, Jr. Motherynd child are doing well.Mr. and Mrs. Ullman Lancasterand son have returned to their homein this city after a visit to friendsand relatives in Mt. Sterling.Mrs E. F. Prichard, Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr., and Miss Nancy Griffithattended the Lew Tellegan matineeat the Lexington Opera House,Lawrence A. Soper, student atthe University of Kentucky, spenr'the week-end in this city with hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Soper.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Morrisonhave moved from the res'dence atthe corner of Eleventh and Main, to (ine ivaan property, u-u wi""street.Mrs. Richard T. Anderson willentertain at her home in Ashlandavenue, Lexington. Thursday, inhonor of Mis. Edward Spears, ofParis.Isaac Cooper, former 31uegrascbaseball star, has returned to hishome in California, a'fter a visit toMr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp. in Clintonville Robert C. Talbott, of the lawfirm of Talbott & Whitley, has returned from Taylorsville, where heattended the sessions of the SpencerCircuit Court.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanhave leased the J. M. Alverson homeon Cypress street, and will occupyit this' winter while Mr. and Mrs.Alverson are in FloridaMiss Cordelia Owsley left yesterday for Miami, Florida, whereshe will spend the winter with hersistei, Mrs Ashley LaSalle, formerljMiss Lizzie Owsley, of ParisMr. and Mrs. Newton Taylor,Jr. are moving into the cottage onHigh street, recently vacated by Mi.and Mrs. Ray Taylor, who havenioVed to Versailles to reside.On Friday afternoon Mrv. andMrs. Thomas Weathers will entertainwith a dinner at their home in Clintonville in honor of the newly-weds,Mr. and Mrs. Thomas JeffersonWeathers.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife of Arthur Calvert, a son. Mrs. Calvertwas forpierly Miss Reb'ecca Redmon,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. CastleRedmon, of near Paris.Mr and Mrs. W. E. Patton entertained at dinner at the newLafayette Hotel, m Lexington, Saturday, in honor of Mr, and Mr.Mrs. Frnak Shirley Dalzell, whohave jurt returned from their honeymoon trip.Mrs. Henry S. Cayuood, of nearParis, attended the meeting in Louisville of the Oxford College alumnae. The members of the association were entertained at luncheon atthe Pendenis Club by Mrs. Leli.iCalhoun Leidenger.At the meeiing- of the Woman'sClub, November 3rd, Mist MildredCollins made an incontrovertableplea for the life of the Red Cross.The Club assembled unanimouslyindorsed the Fourth Red Cross RollCall, which is to be begun early inDecember.Woman's Club Department ofArts Wednesday, Nov. 10 "Art inthe Home." Interior Decorating,(illustrated lecture fiom the General Federation of Wofinen's Clubs)Mrs. Sutherland. All who are interested in the subject are cordiallyinvited tc attend.Mayor E. B. January attendeda special meeting of Merrick OddFellows Lodge in Lexington lastnight. The meeting was held for thenurnose of completing -plans for thejeception and entertainment of theGrand Lodge or KentucKy, wnicn isto meet in Lexington, on November16 and 17.Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Jackson andTravis Jackson, of Paris, attended aparty given by Miss Mary Lanckart,at her country home near Lexington. Mr. Travis Jackson won oneof the prizes, a handsome set of silver soons, which he pledged himselfto present to the first of the companywho should marry by Christmas.Music and dancing added to theevening's pleasures.Mrs. Kelly Haley entertained ather home on the Clintonville road inhonor of her mother-in-law, Mrs. W.W. Haley, who will soon move toParis tc reside. Autumnal tints ofgold and crimson were used in thedecorating scheme. A salad coursewas served to -about .tliirty a'guests.Mrs. Haley aa'assiste in receiringand entertalai- her guests byMrs.Ballots were mailed yesterday tcall imembers of the Paris CommercialClub for the nominating primary tobe held Monday, Nov. 15. The ballots must be returned by 8 p. m., onthat date, when they will be countedby an election committee composedof Hugh Brent, chairman, John F.Davis, F. P. Lowry, Swift Champ,and M. J. Lavin. Three candidateswill be named for each office in theprimary, and these candidates willbe voted on Tuesday. November 23.the date for the annual jmeetingand election.Friday night a meeting of retailmerchants was held when a movement was launched to build a "whiteway' in the business section. Themerchants favored the establishmentof a credit bureau and the Commercial Club will undertake to establishand conduct a bureau in connectionwith the Club office. Another matter of discussion was the encouragement of home trading. It was decided to hold a windew display contest during the holidays, and to urgeall merchants tc use the slogan,"Patronize Paris Stores" on therstationery and envelopes and in theirnewspaper adveitise(ments.To-night a meeting on industrialdevelopment will be hald. One of theprincipal subjects of discussion willbe the listing of available, factorysites and buildings. The CommercialClub office has received seveial inquiries from industrial concerns regarding locations here and effortswill be made to find buildings forthem.READJUSTMENT SALECome early and get choice of selections of dry goods, notions, shoes,during our Readjustment Sale, beginning Nov. 9.j9-2t) B. M. TUNE.- . oCOFFEE, COFFEE.We have the best qualify andcan furnish it in package or bulk atthe right price.(It) . C. P- COOK & CO.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanLOCAL FOOTBALL NOTESThe Paris High School eleven administered a defeat to the CarlisleHigh School team on the Carlislegrounds Friday by a score or ts to0. The Paris teajm put up a goodgame and outplayed their opponentsat all stages of the game.The Paris High School team willvisit two Central Kentucky townsthis week. The Midgets will playthe team of the Massie School forBoj'S, in a return engagement atLexington on Thursday.. On Fridaythe P. H. S. first team will meet tne..Cynthiana High School eleven in agame on the Cynthiana field.The Woman's Gymnasium Class ofthe Y. M. C. A. have voted to takeup footb.ill as a sport. They winh.old their first gridiron practicethis afternoon under tne directionof local football experts. A largecrowd is expected to be on hand tcwitness the initial lesson period.o-ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)For Sale1918 Maxwell touring car, goodtires, and in good shape mechanically. A 1917 Studebaker "Four"touring car, good tires and good mechanically. Both these cars are priced right and for a quick sale. Comeand see them at Citizen's Garage.GIBSON MOTOR CO., -(9-tf)Both Phones 294.A savingof from$5.50 to$15.50 canbe effectednow bybuying oneof our fine$65, $70 and$65 suitsfor$59.50.This savingrepresentssatisfaction vin serviceAs well.1TM 1ilAVfAClosing Out SaleTime is setting limited; merchandise is beins disposed of.rapidly. Only eight more weeks until January 1 st.Take Advantage of this Sale Now!MUNSING UNDERWEARLadies' Munsing Wear Union -Suits, former $1.75 values. .$1.39Ladies' Munsing Wear ilJnion1.591.82.79.69--a j-rSuits, former $2.00 values..Ladies Munsing Wear UnionSuits, former $2.50 values. .Ladies' Manslng Wear UnionSuits, former $3.50 values..Ladies Munsing Wear UnderVests, former 85c values. . .Ladies' Munsing Wear Drawersformur 75c values ,59Ladies' Munsing Wear Drawers, former $1.25 values .ggChildren's $1.25 MunsingWear Union Suits, Close-outPrice, per suit $ .98$1.50 Suits, Close-out Price, persuit ' . . . . 129$2.00 Suits, Close-out Price, persuit .1,59MILLINERY -SALE PRICELadies' Trimpued Hats that formerly sold up to $9.50,Close-Out Sale Price, each. . .$2.98Up to $12.00 values, Close-OutPrice, each. 4.93Up to $15.00 values, Close-OutPrice, each 9.93Up to $20.00 values, Close-OutPrice, each 12.50Up to $25.00 values, Close-OutPrice, each 14.75&CHILDREN'S HATSYour chcice any Child's Hat inthe House, up $7.50 values',each $2 95'&wS&'One lot Ladies Two-piece Cnderwear A 'Including some Munsing Wear that sold upto $1.75. They "HPwill go at close out price per garment tt vCOATS, SUITS AND DRESSESOne lot Dresses for Women andYoung Ladies, up to $35.00values $19.75One lot Women and YoungLodiei' Dresses up to $45.00values 24.75One lot Women and YoungLadies' Dresses, up to $55.00values 39.50One lot Suit? for Women andYoung Ladies, up to $45.00values 29.50One lot Suits for Women andYounf: Ladies,up to $55 00values .'. .37.75One lot Coats, up to $55.00values 37.98One lot Coats, up to $75.00values 47.98One lot Coats, up to $95.00values 57.98EURS, NECK PIECES AND MUITSETS.Former $15.00 values, CloseOut Sale Price $12.50Former $17.50 values, Close- ' ' vOut Sale Price 14.75Former $18.50 values, ClcseOut Sale Price 16.48Former $29.50 values, CloseOut Sale Price 24.75Former S3 5. 00 values, CloseOut Sole Price . . .... . . 29.75Former $49.50 values, CloseOut Sale Price 37.50Former $59.50 values, Closeout Sale Price 49.50These furs are this season's verylatest in style. Come in and lookthem over.H AH R YSIMON4t&LrIPARIS, KENTUCKYEZSBSXESl-T--1-IE--S-- v1 IHIlHHPKdSM mmMMEMM&mmmWE HAVE JUST RECEIVEDA Complete Assortment of the Very Latest Styles inIf -it cornedftrnn T pAj 2rv at is rMhtWe are quoting these atVery Attractive;Prices,11 I 'PM -1II8This Js the time of yearwhen you want cheerfulnessi3 your home. May we'show you how?.... , . .. . mIn addition to being the Ijesjt mechanically, theColumbia GrafonolaIs the only machine equipped with aNon-Set Automatic StopNo matter what you pay unless you buy the COLUMBIA you cannot get thisEXCLUSIVE COLUMBIA FEATURE. You can buy a COLUMBIA GRAFONOLA on our EASY-PAY PLAN.COLUMBIA RECORDS ARE ALL THAT COULD BE DESIREDWe have some wonderful ones in stock for you right now. Just think, RosaPonselle, Charles Hackett, Art Hickman, Ted Lewis, AI Jolson, Bert Williaaw,Charles Meader and a host of other exclusive Columbia artists brought right toyour fireside. Why not enjoy them? Turn on your Electrolier and enjoy yourself.THE I. T. flINTON CO.ElfHERPHONE 98MotorrAKis, ftUVTUCKYJ SIXTH AND MAMa '-, - - -..mfrmmmmW MaKKvwiyP JlWey j JWLS(Oifter persona e j-s.jgK '&'AfcSr t9Pis,i""Si-1? ? .-?mrJ?sVit L tJL w.TU.t?ms&ti'? t!!ni!"2riv'f'.FACT Al"'V ? & r 7V "W.r ;'- - rV25S"THEY SAID I HAD T. B. ANDUfAlll W UAT I ! tuir UAimicnuULUMr. Harold W. Schmidt, Box$8,Beese, Clinton Co., III., believeshe has reason to praise Dr. Hartman's Remedy for Catarrhal conditions. "Itaed Pe-ru eJbt moxrtbs for ChronicBronchial Cafcarru. I do not get tired, feel likea glaat,am : pounds orer aormal weight andable to work eyery day. Ib March, 1MB, I contracted a eerere cold with spitting and took tohit bed. TheytaidlhadT.B. and would notllTe three months, After taking a couple tootti nf Pn.ni.Ti rul a. hex of Man.ft.lln Tablets.ermldwAlkmraandtroia m dBs tod ten rears, exteiPe-ro-na waaATABLETS Oft UQlflDWARNINGS TO HUNTERSThe bunting season is now close atnand. Dr. R. S Tuttle, ExecutiveAgent of the Kentucky Game andFish Commission, has issued the following warning to hunters:DONT'SJFOR HUNTERSDon't hunt off your own land without license Don't shoot quail beforeNovember 15 nor after January 1.Don't kill more than twelve quail inone day. Don't shoot squirrel beforeJuly 1 nor after December 15. Don'tkill woodcock before November 15,nor after Januaiy 1. Don't kill morethan six woodcock in one day. Don'tkill wild turkey, imported pheasantsor Hungarian partridges before No-KsrSouthern Optical Co.A( IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial Eyebmaible Bifocal LeewCerser 4tk dLOUISVILLE. KY.CHIROPODISTFootSpecialistAll Troubles of theRemoved Withoutthe KnifeHerFEET I3.-. - L': :"" EVERY ;TUESDAY j:i'c ANDt, FRIDAYx -t ;.If Office' WINDSOR HOTELParis, Ky. jA 'i zzzz. ' I iBBBBBHBBl"'fftWL rM ASk YOm P1Umher - A7, -?. or Hardware Dealer " r& 3U. . r T': - : - " ra?i ir ' rfTrWlB-Hh v'ttiiiVk'-trrr " fSJrffh-nvi uib innu nvnin8and In seven Bonthe went back to TO. Ml.wkieiChronic catarn oc toe notdown Into the brosmy life myk.'HALF CENTURY IN USESOU EVntTWHEREvember 15, 1924. Don't shoot, sellor buy rabbits before Novembei 15nor after January 1. Don't snare rabbits at any time. Don't hunt, pursue, catch, kill, injure or molest anydeer befoie November 15, 1925Don't kill any wild duck, wild geeseor jacksnipes before September 15.nor after January 1. Don't have furbearing' animals in your possessionbefore Octobei 1, nor after February15 Don't kill any wood duck, eiderduck or swan at any time. Don'tkilf, trap or have in your posse ssionat any time any song or insectiverous birds. Don't wait until November 3 5 o buy your hunter's license.DO IT NOW. Don't kill all the quailin a coey, teavv home for seed.Lon't forget to feed the birds duringthe winter. Don't fail to notify yourlocal Game Warden or this department of those who violate the lav.A fellow who hunts without a licenseis a cheater. See that he obeys thelaw.- . o . .ARE YOU 30IN& TO MARRY?We have rhe most exclusive Itaeof samples of wedding invitations,announcements and iadividualChristmas cards now on display inthe State. Let us sell you nowwhile you have time to get thembefore the holiday rush of work begins. THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT, (tf)oAustralia has a population of 3,030,000. oThe attractive power of the magr.et was known to Homer.oIt is estimated that about half theglobe is composed of iron.CatarrhCatarrh is a local disease greatly Influenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier. By cleansingthe blood and building: up the System,wie uiooa ana ouuaing: up tne system,HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE restoresnormal conditions and allows Nature todo its work.All Druggists.- Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.411ifliii4"t?J ELLIS CASHGROCERYSpecialsSince opening our TeaRoom we have lots ofbargains inGROCERIESand Canned GoodsWe need room and wishto dispose of a lot ofthe'se goods.Pickling Vinegarand Spicesat bargains this week.:: Ellis' Cash Grocery!Opposite Court HouseM''i'"M' i n-f t'f if 1 1 1 ftf4 VOdorlessGas Heaters. The Most EfficientGas Heater MadeA different kind of heater withspecial combustion chamber in whichthe gas, burning under liigh temperature, is completely and economicallyconsumed.ffib'WTHE CUMAXlO? HVirjtTTOCKSHOWS..Now that the State Fair circufthas been completed and the live"Hock shows of lesser magnitude announced for the current season haveterminated with success in every -instance,Ihe industry is preparing forthe greatest event of the year theInternational Live Stock Expositionat Chicago during the first week ofDecember. After such a successfuldisplay season of domestic animallife in every section of the UnitedStates, magnitude and interest areassured at this event.The live stock industry is now recuperating -after the stress of warperiod depletion all over the world,the international charter of. the Chicago event giving it trans-Atlanticand antipodean importance. An unusually large representation is promised by Great Britain, France, Italy,Canada, Argentina, Australia andother countries all (potential markets for purebred cattle, hogs andsheep produced m the United States.Feeding problems will be elucidatedand the new feature inauguratedlast year under the auspices of theChicago Board of Trade a grainand hay exhibit will be on a vastlygreater scale. All the breeds will berepreserted in the arena, the entireaggregation constituting the greatestassemblage of ipure-bred live stockever assembled for competitive purposes. Novelties have been provided forthe evening entertainment, whichlias always been a popular feature ofthe exposition. , tASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineIt's criminal to take a chance onany substitute for "Bayer Tablets ofAspirin." Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tabletsvou are not getting genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians for twenty-one years and proved safe by millions. Take Aspirin only as told inthe Bayer package for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism. Earache, Toothache, Lumbago and foiPain. Handy tin boxes of twelvetablets cost few cents.Druggists also sell larger packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)Price and Percentage.Increase of price when measured Inj nprppnti" ta vprv oftpn InonrrppHvPercente lsery opn incorrectlygiven. nen tne price aoumes tue increase is 100 per cent, but many people describe it is an increase of '50 percent.MOTHER!California Syrup ofFigs"Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofPigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand mqst harmless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)- d 'fyTTW .sm'MvOuisiWe.A.' ulifc V'-'-j --ir-, rjf' '.MMi&iJKljMC6k"A few minutes more, Peggydear, and Daddy will be bacwith the Kemp's Balsam. Then.yoti can go to sleep and forgetthat Jiorrid old cough. ' 'KEMP'S BALSAMWill Stop Tfcat CoughU.S.SENATORS ELECTED LASTTUESDAYAlabama Oscar W. Underwood.Dem; J. Thomas Heflin, Dem.Arizona Ralph H. Cameron.Arkansas Thaddeus H. Caravay,Rep.California Samuel M. Shortridge,Rep. 'Colorado Samuel D. Nicholson,Rep.Connecticut Frank B. (Crande-gee, Rep.Florida Duncan U. Fletcher,Dem.Georgia Thomas E. - Watson,Dem.Illinois William B. McKinley,Rep.Idaho F. R. Gooding, Rep.Indiana James . Watson, Rep.Iowa Albert B. Cummins, Rep.Kansas Charles Curtis, Rep.Kentucky J. Cripps WickliffBeckham, Dem.Louisiana Edwin S. Broussard,Dem.Maryland 0. E. Weller, Rep.Missouri Selden P. Spencer,Rep.Nevada Tasker L. Oddie, Rep.New Hampshire George HigginsMosest Rep.New York James W. Wfcdaworth, Jr.. Rep.North Carolina "Lee S. OvermanDem.North Dakota Dr. E. F. Ladd,(Rep.) indorsed.Ohio Frank B. Willis, Rep.Oklahoma John W. Harreld,Rep.Oregon Robert N. Hanfield, Rep.Pennsylvania Boles Penrose,Rep.South Carolina Ellison D. Smith,Rep.South Dakota Peter Norbeck,Rep.Utah Reed Smoot, Rep.Vermont -"William tP. Dillingham,Rep.Virginia Carter Glass, Dem.Wisconsin Irvine L. L Lenroot,Rep.Washington Wesley L. Jones,Rep.Denotes incumbent.Governors Elected.Arizona Thomas E. Campbell,Thomas C. McRae,Dem.Colorado 0. H. Shoup, Rep.Connecticut Everette J. Lake,Rep.Delaware William D. Denny,Rep.Florida Cary A. Hardee, Dem.Georgia Thomas W. Hardwick,Dem.Idaho David W. Davis, Rep.Indiana Warren T. McCray, Rep.Iowa N. E. Kendall, Rep.Kansas Henry J. Allen, Rep.Maine Frederick H. Parkhurst,Rep.Massachusetts Channing H. Cox,Rep.Michigan Alex J. Groesbeck, Rep.Minnesota J. A. O. Preus, Rep.Missouri Arthur M. Hyde, Rep.Montana Joseph M. Dixon, Rep.Nebraska ""Samuel R. McKelvie,Rep.New Hampshire Albert O. BrownRep.New Mexico Merrit C. Meehem,Rep.New York Nathan L. Miller, Rep.North Carolina Cameron Morrison, Dem.North Dakota J. F. T. O'Connor,Dem.Ohio Harry L. Davis, Rep.Rhode Island Emery J. SanSoucil, Rep.South Carolina Robert A. Cooper, Dem.South Dakota W. H. McMaster,Rep.Tennessee Alf A. Taylor, Rep.Texas Pat M. Neff, Dem.Vermont James Hartness, Rep.Utah Charles R. Mabey, Rep.Washington Louis F. Hart, Rep.West Virginia Ephraim F. Morganr Rep.Wisconsin John J. Blaine, Rep.Denotes incumbent.DANDERINEStops Hair Coming Out;Thickens, Beautifies.A ftw cents buy "Dandtrine.'After an atmlication of "Dierim'ya;cn.iot mn a iaueo. iuwr or-amyduimff. iaiM evrv -iir -: mr , ... . . .jnwnce; ricwr: WMPm $mm,rs T7 mrv -f t - . TV AUolrit lip tlHiilHiii-r . , mm$pf$.. iKill That Cold WithCASCARV D QUININE885FORCeUs, CoughsNeglected Colds are DangerousTake no chances. Keep this standard remedy handy for the first sneeze.Breaks np a cold in 24 hours RelievesI Grippe in 3 days Excellent for HeadacheQuinine in this form does not affect the head Cascara is best TonicLaxative No Opiate in Hill's.ALL DRUGGISTS SELL ITOU Rofcharacter. We areequipped to satisfythe most exactingclient. The courteous conduct of ourstaff matches the up-to-datenessof ourequipment.n150imutm.miiwiinJiiiuJi,ur.i:i;i,'i;itfriy mrAero-GasWonder Gas!TheNeutralizes Carbon DepositsGive You Increased Mileage MorePower, Less CarbonPositivelyQuart Can $2.00T. W.MAIN STREETXMimil:taiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinWilliam K.ArchitectsFl.T NATIONAL DANKriiiiiliiiuitiliiiltiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiBourbon Laundry' DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4- v-vBl3xIVS?ir'.lU:" , 7 7 Ifai Tt3j7 ai !Tl nM-M''m miTheBourbonANDLa Grippe;facilities arethe highestGuaranteedPint Can $1.00SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEtfStftflftJHagan G on3 EncineervPae-i. KY.. t.isiiiiii7iiiiiiiiiiitifniiiiiiisiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiitttiitiirr?IK!1IIWest Fifh Streetxsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances I'and expert helpers we are Sprepared to do work inf e-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.XIhf$tiMr K J l m . Ev:w mm.wm- PT- .W35.y:f'xT Xfcyl.TUESDAY, HOTBMMt K frV1--Does Your HusbandCome Home Tired,Nervous, Irritable?physician Sty Thousands Of Men Are Breaking DownSimply Because Their Blood Lacks Iron Tells HowTo Convince A'John, pteae takeNuxated Iron andbe strong and wellUfUUI4 rsIsbbbbW sbm?2 wbbHHHiPJBBBjB9BBW23BKwBB9BBBmrffbHbTUHHbIE1fcoom bbbbbHSbmSHBn..11 fflllSBll-!Aiewaiiii'iiimmr.iHmniuniwi 14igH-Husband ThatHe Needs'NUXATEDIRONTa Help MakeRed Blood,Strength andEndurance"Simply becausefcis blood lacksircn, many anizr.erican husband who oughtto be feeling young, full oflealth, vigor and energy andin a position to shower hisfamily with every comfort andluxury is actually strugglingto make ends meet a disappointed and discouraged 'oldcian w ho will probably end upin a nervous breakdown or befimpri nff hv his first illness " Raws TV Z's2'4?y.H. B. Vail, formerly physician in the j&-Ro1t;r Hosntel nnr? a MJnal ''WW'''''.Eaminer. durance ;W"Because man, in the rush and tear of modern tt,j,i2lie has so little time to think about his blood's ccfm w.. t-,. fa m-t fw..J"wuwt w3S rt ? &SSSaf mm JS - h 77 P16 annually-used and endorsed bV formervl Sfrtn fi J?biM,m HIT UnitedStatesSenatorsandMemberaof Congressinironareof&stdetecbythe,cMuI. --and in y gg to my knowledge; ini.vxagcyes of his wife. Does your husband creasesthestrengthandenergyandenduranceofCv-me home p Je and fagged out and too tired run-down, nervous people in two weeks' time.:tw dc anything or go anywhere? Does he com- r, ' 7. iT r , T YZZ. VT-r lain about being overworked the lack of op- - y?ur husband asks for proof that lack:portumty today someotherf ellow'sluck? Does Pi irn ls, makms him nervous, weak and holdinahcfindfaultwiththefood.thehomeortheyoung- hm back m life, you can probably convince himtsters' behavior? Doeshese-munableforonerea- the following tesfc Have himsee how longscaoranothertogetaheadandmakebigmoney fif can. W0.9rJ2I l8 ne can walk without&s 50a and he once confidently expected?': becoming. Next have him take two tablets.-., .. 111. u. iv it- 1.1 ji 1 Nuxated Iron three times daily after mealsThen it may well be true that his blood fecks f or two weeks. Then let him test his strengthIron, for the men with plenty of iron in tneir and see how much he has gained.Wood are the healthy, strong ones with the MANOTACTtntEBs'NoTB: NuxktedIron.wMejceen minds and the physical energy and stamina Is recommended above ls not a secret remedy butlo overcome all obstacles make their own op one which is well known to druggists everywhereportunities and force their way to big oosi- Unlike the older inorganic irtm products It Is e&sUy-tions nower and wealth Mv advice to the imUted and does not injure the teeth, maksBrlP? vS:tl E??iZ,XZA SrSL vk 3z tnem bla. nor upset the stomach. Each tablesjrfe who beheves her husband capable of big of genuine Nuxatetflron is stamped as follows Jthings in this world is to see that he builds up and the words Nuxated Iron are stamped into TOTthe iron in his blood and for this purpose I have sscb bottle, so that the public may not be led -lound nothing better than onranic iron Ini accepung lnienor sunsututes. ine manuiac-iicw uiuuu tjciia, iu KucuKiucus ujc uci ves, re- yoiff money It is (builds weakened tissues, and bclps instill oew is tablet Xorst only.MAKES WORLD'S EECORDPORLINOTYPE.Alder Hewitt, linotype operator onThe Salt Lake City Tribune, hasestablished what is said to be theworld's record for linatype composition, setting 82,500 ems in six hoursand 35 minutes, as average ?f 12,540 ems an hour. Hewitt's settingwas enlirely in six point. The setting was in straight-away composition, and not in competition.AT LAST!Ford Enclosed CarsOn Time!iiW SEDAN $379.38 Bailee( 12 MonthsFORD COUPE $358.56You can't afford to pass this up,and it will only last a short while.Place your order NOW!RUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYl f. JC"- - t-- X t 1 t.rsECKJjEaar .raiviifG. 'ov. atjtoM0BUJ!3SC0EEB.People who rim automohiles illthese days are impressed by the number of drivers who lack' commonsense or decency. Some of thesefolk of course are under the influence of Hquor. There always hasbeen an element of reckless speeders. But there are some speederswho are skillful enough so rhey usually avoid disaster, while others arejust plain fools likely at any momentto go into The ditch.The free spending of these timeshas put automobiles in the possession of a good many men who arenot competent lo exercise any responsibi'ity. Many of thepn are aliens who do not speak the Englishlanguage. They are not able toread published warnings againstrecklessness. Their idea of drivingis to step on the gas and tear up anddown as fast as their engine willcarry them.There sre plenty of people of native birth doing this thing whoshould know better. When uch aman gels at a steering wheel, hedodges in berween cars, he tear-jthrough the centers of towns, hetries to pars another car when athird machine is coming closelyalong in the opposite direction, andall sorts of similar tricks.A small fine makes no impressiouon these people, as they have moneyto burn, and regard the assessmentas pnerely one of the costs of thegame." With the use of machines constantly increasing, a good sized forceof inspectors is called for, to driveup and down the road? and spocdrivers who endanger the satety orothers. With a good batch ot thesespeeders cooling off in jail conditionswould become more satisfactory forpeople who are trj'ng to be decent.llf'JMint!anofSatuJacton'SBUICK-W0& iMmfSi4mmTHE BEST PROOFGiven By a Paris Citizen.T'HE car a man uses in his businesslife must be always ready for duty.It is j ust this demand for a car they cantrust that causes so many business menand professional men to drive Buicks.The new Buick NineteenTwenty OneModels are cars of valuable dependablenessforbusiness use, whose roominess, beauty and riding comfort makethem welcome in hours of relaxation.The Authorized Buick Service is asnotably efficient as the Buick car.Prices of the New Nineteen Twenty OneBuick SeriesModel Twenty One Forty Four, three pamafer earModel Twenty One-Forty Fire, Are pauenrer atModel Twenty One-Forty Six, fomr pumper coat tModel Twrntv Cln.lTnrtw ... - i" JModel Twenty One-Forty E!ht, four paisenstr coupeModel Twenty One-Forty Nine, Mren pawenrer carModel Twenty One-Fifty, teren pattens er tedaaF. 0. B. Tam. Kbit, MlthlianDoan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was told to Pans residents. - Time has strengthened the evidence. Has (proven the result lasting.The testimony is home testimony.The pi oof convincing.It can be investigated by ParisresidentsMis. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,says: "Kidney trouble came on froma fall and the results were very severe, causing me more suffering thanthe fall itself. No one can everknow what I went through at thattime, for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until 1thought it would break m two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me in thoback with a heavy axe, it couldn'thave hurt worse. In one week afterusing Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt likea different woman, for they fixed meup in fine shape."After a Lapse of Eight YearsMrs. Martin said: -'Doan's KidneyPills have made a cure for me and ithas been permanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs , Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oINBIVITJUAL CHRISTMAS ANDHOLIDAY GBEETING CARDSWe are sending off orders everyday for engraving. All orders shouldbe placed this month.Our display is the largest andchoicest line of two of the best engravers in the country.The individuality of our line makesit the best. See our window display.Stop, look and hasten in.THE BOURBON NEWS ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT.oTennis a French Game.Tennis is a French game which inthe twelfth century was played withball and bat on horseback. Later thehorses were dispensed with. Thegame was very popular in England Inthe sixteenth century when racketfirst came into general use. Beforethat the hand was used for batting.BRIGHTER-EVENINGSBourbon Feed Mfg.Iv. D. MITCHELL-Succtssor f Ptrry, McCann & MitchellCo.HAZARD COAL No. 4No BetterComes Out ofMines.theCall la While We Have Plentyj v3.Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial Dame sSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright, "She sheeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does xassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.TWff IIAVK i M&vnv in XJsfvhA 17QC ' a HH eav.l II 111 i. 'Ikam f JAa-1585 B -TWrnf rn l ISssi1295 omiyVJw7 ' RroHBV v r vnSSTOxuyy ' ncS5 ' Ii, J. iSjCSLjDy "WIj e iWWWLjjJ-i--3 V r "?' ''' 111 UTuSTaJ k Vn IF Valr4 v --. Ma ax ir ix xli vlll JMfc;TheBallCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.WHEN BETTER. AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMDONTDESPIf you are troubled with pains oraches; feel tired; have headache,indigestion, insomnia; painful passage of urine, you will find relief inIM1MLThe world's standcrd remedy for Hdnsy,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles aridNational Remedy cf Holland smco 1506.Three sizes, ail druggists. Guaranteed.Look for the name Gold Medal on every fcoxand accept no imitationTHESE TWO STANDING STILL(Jackson Times)Recently there were two old landmarks, one colored, the other white,in the court house discussingthings pro and con until the subjectof philosophy was reached, the whitebrother ,aid 't is a fact :hat theearth stands si ill while ihe suit runs,and cited to the following test forproof of the matter. He said to provethat the earth don't move, you carcut a notch in a tree, and go out toit any time, day or night, and thenotch will be on the same side of thetree all the tijme. The coloredbrother says, dat's de truff.CASCARETS"They Work while you Sleep"Xft I pPlllYou're sluggish slow as molasses!You are bilious, constipated! onfeel headachy, full of cold, dizzy,unstrung. Your meals don't fitbreath is bad, skin sallow. TakeCascarets to-night foi .your liver andbowels.'&nd wake up clear, energetica-nd cheerful. No griping no inconvenience. Children love Cascarets.too. 10, 25, 50 cents. (avdresjAri Everyday Foodwhich besides being unusuallydelicious, combines health andstrength-building cjualities.Grape-NutsiJiis attractive wheat and pnalted barley food needs no sweetening it contains its own sugardeveloped from the grains in mak-Easy to digest-No wasteModerate in priceA Food Youre Sure To LikeMade byPostum Cereal Ca,IhcBattle Creek,Mich.SBisuifomfifiiMiaITPari Gt Electric Co.Theidet. thatlie cwitury .plkntvj ubor in -,vujjpi;jfcjv. 1 JliMl'lt-jMdotlMtr fMr.Attention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we .have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, jfivenup by all fence buifders to be the best-fence on the market ,Collier Bros.OMc Opposite Paris TobaccoWorthomtCuntlnrhmd Phono S7Homo Phono 2S72Sod That Next Job,. o Prtotta to ThoHuiii hlw ItitwL Mmmt - Wortnr laht TrlrM1ni..4.rrV"iiL&h. .,i ,jL- s?jr&ij$i r--t v ?jrifiif-'x!-v-.h ""44.ih.rsi3kilkrv -V4JJ. f..i . Jj-C--i-..it.R!M.ji . 7 ',J i;,mAt-ri:J.iwMVJ3AF5CvNHi v -f v ;, Vr i wFTnHBHB?HHRPBHIWl-v'-itatirfu-BfliBIRTHS.'BIRTHS.,v,t-Ia this city, to the wife of."i-wwKdore Grinnell, a son. Mrs.rrfSmall -was formerly Miss InaHkirley.In this city, tc the wife of Jas.L. Day, ,of the Big Four Motor Co.,r on. Mrs. Day was formerly MissmCIo Moore, of Pittsburg, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. John King Hedt.oo, of Paris, are welcoming a on,ho was born at St. Joseph Hosl;tal, in Lexington. Friends arerending congratulationsT. i':w,wtfTTi4nnwiimr av mtf w t MVta Vft ""vHTJCAI UPHEATAI,fffmBWFinHrffyfrgBWWBBBgggggBggCggBNEW ATTTO OWNERSXOUISVILLB, .Nov. 8. Practicallycomplete returns from Kentuckyhhow Governor Cox's majority to be4,079 ovei Senator Harding, whileErnst's lead on the face of returnsover Senator Beckham was 7,543.In 3,242 piecincts out of 3,245 inthe State Harding's vote- was 459,452 and Cox's 463,359.In 3,241 precincts out of 3,245.Ernst's total was 463,458 and Beckham's 455,615.The missing precincts were oneeach in Calloway, Bath and Floydcounties and in addition one precinct in Letcher was missing in theSenatorial race.o j-The Gibson Motor Co., local agentrfor- the Studebaker cars, cold anddelivered last week a Studebaker'Special Six Sedan to Mrs. W. F.ClAnific fP TIT411 arertnror on1 oGtudebaker Lisrht Six touring car to J Wr gas billNEW PROCESS GAS STOVES THE .VERY BEST.Get the New Process gas stoves todo your heating. They will saveT. J. Harney, of the county.(27-tf)A. F. WHEELER CO.f "HM111i. .imm m..1BradIeySee TheStudioatDisplayArdery Drug Company'sflT ?TrfrI::11Come early for Christmas Photographs. -Deliveries cannot be promised for work takenlate.i"JJ!Vrm 'WHI - -..numid - - - - - "' , - fincrntuClothesIf you bemoan the good old dayswhen things were built to lastIf you believeindustryin 'encouraging high standards inIf you are opposed to the slipshod and the unknownmake, and feel it your duty to patronize whateveris sound enduringThen demonstrate your convictions in the clothesyou wear and let them beCincerttq'VtLOTHES-J.."IWe sell them and they are rea-sonably-priced.H. M. COLLINS & CO.Tke Store Witfc a Coiscience-"-----"----'"""-"-""-""""'""------- - - ' -" . iz . .-5:302:00 to7:00 to 1 0:30TODAY, TUESDAYVIVIAN RICH "A wuV fii,"See what mischief Gossip can cause. A society dramawhich answers a query'as old as marriage.Also Stuart Holmes and Frankie Mann in "TrailedBy Three," and Pathe NewsTomorrow, WednesdayANNE LUTHER "Neglected Wives':This tense drama of life and love, intrigue, romance, andadventure, throbs with every human emotion. Its story findsan echo in every heartAlso Joe Ryan and Jean Paige in "Hidden Dangers"and Topics of the DayTHURSDAY AND FRIDAYNOVEMBER 11th AND 12thTRUMPET ISLAND99A Vitagraph Super-Feature with an All Star Cast. Adapted by Lillian and GeorgeRandolph Chester from the Story by Goifverneur Morris."Tj limpet Island" is a thrilling story of love and adventure, fashioned after the best style of Gouverneur Morris, from one of whose narratives this elaborate pictnrization was made by Lillian and George Randolph Chester, themselves writers of vinternational reputation. Severalmonths were spent onthe adaptation. Tom Terriss, the director, spent thiee months in California directing the filming of this special, the cost ofwhich passed the quarter of a million mark. There is an all-star cast, the- members of which made nnusnaL sacrifices of comfort and personalsafety to add impressivehess to the special production. Great care was exercised in selecting the cist. -Hmdreds of extra players appear inmammoth and palatial sets in which wild midnight orgies of millionaires are shown. It is probably as rich tin spectacukr value as any production ever transferred to film.Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningRELIGIOUS.The Men's Bible Class of thpPaiis Baptist church will entertain,the women of the congregation tonight, in the churc-i dining room,with a dinnei prepared and servedby the men.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist? church, who is conducting a revival in the Cynthiana,Baptist church, filled his pulpit hereat tLe Sanday morning service. Therevival closed Saturday, with aboutthirty additions.oCITY TAXES DUE- PAY UPs NOW!The city tax lists have beenturned over to me for collection. Your taxes are now dueand payable. Call and settlesame promptly at my office atthe Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(octi-rr)DON'T LET IT FREEZEXiet us tell you hew to Iteep tharbattery from freezing when on or offyour car this winter, and make itnow. You won't need advice afterit freezts.BOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, (3t) 209 Main Street, Phone 307.oTAXPAYERS NOTICE.To avoid errors and misunderstandings we will not paytaxes for our customers unlessspeeiatly instructed to do so.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK,FIRST NATIONAL BANK,BOURBON - AGRICULTURALBANK & TRUST CO.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(nov2-tf)TURKEY PRICES ADVANCEThere has been a sadden and sensational advance in the prices paidfor tin keys xtn the local market, according to local dealers. Last weekthe market opened at thirty centsin the county, and thirty-one centydelivered at the pen. Later it advanced from 31c and 34 c per pounduntil this week the quotations were34c and 35c per pound. Our informant did not give any reason fcrthe sudden advance, but the shortcrop, and the demand for the birdsmay be the principal reason. Atany rate, those who have the birdsfor sale are making no close investigation into the whys and wherefores.PROF. SAXTON TO COACH PLAYERS.Prof. Edwin Saxon, of the Departiv,OTt oZ Expression of TransylvaniaCollege, lias been engaged by thePans High School pupils as coacfifor their annual play. The Stagecrafters, the dramatic organizationof the College, directed by Proi.Faxo, will give a program in theParis High School Auditoiiun.within the next few weeksTurkeyTurkeyBring us your turkeys this week. Wewill guarantee to pay you 35 cents perpound delivered at our store for No. 1Fat Turkeys, free of feed. Now isthe time to sell them.Leon Renaker & Co.Dow Building, Main St. Opp. Windsor HotelPhones Cumberland 361; Home 552SHOE VALUESBftkR vmJLm B WreRealNEWYORK COUNTS DIRECTFROM BALTIMORETry -an order ot those fine NewYork Count Oysters that are receiveddaily direct from Baltimore, by us(It) C. P. COOK & COHow AboutYour Eyes?Can You Read with EasesfteVDo you need glasses?Do your old ones needchanging?If so, consult our 4'EyeSpecialist.All work guaranteed.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREValues That Reafiy Mean Big Money Saving is the magnetthat brings the people to this Economy Store for theirShoe sseeds.Come Here This WeekFor your needs for Fall Footwear. You will findhere footwear of first quality footwear that isright as to style, workmanship and wearing qualitiesand avW if JBig Saving in Price!Ladies' $8.00 Value Dark Brown, EnglishLace Boots, also in black kid leather.Sale Price $5.95Ladies' Newest Style Tan and Black KidBoots high and low heels, $8.00 values.Special at $595Ladies' $6.00 Tan English Lace Boots.On Sale at 53.99Ladies' $6.50 Gun Metal English J3bots.1 Sale Price $4.00Men's $6.00 Gun Metal Dress Shoes.Special at ...$3.99Men's $7.00 Goodyear Welt Shoes.On Sale at $4.95Boys' and Girls' School ShoesAt a Big SavingMisses S3. 50 Lace BootsSpecial at $2.49Misses' and Children's $4.00 Boots.Special at.... $2.99Boys' and Youths' $5.00 Schoo Shoes.Special at $3.49It Pays to Buy Here- We Sell Good Shoes For LessPrices.rwPAN POHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreV v- ,Where Bcautyjand Economy Rcillfl ' .Both Hboo ,. Jtafc)Ky-r -t vw jmsrr,T-wVs ,