VV'r-a$Ct At'.-O' !fpS ., .j. &r i,4V1 i&THENEWSSic?-.jFiiTTnf.il' ij r tr "r iI" -f&&-' vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1920BOURBON5IG CAMPAIGN FOR MEMBERS0? COMMERCIAL CLTJB TOSTART THURSDAYiCn , . Iternoon on the club, grounds, thirty-The campaign for 150 members m foUr club members and six visitorsthe re-organized Paris Commercial . taking part. The F. B. Fallis troClub, to be launched Thursday, of phy was hotly contested for and wasthlS week, with a whilrwind drive unfinished, eight marksmen tryinghas aroused widespread interest I in the first fifty targets. In theancDg the business and professional j shoot-off" of the tie at twenty-fiveme", of the city. targets seven remained tied. ThisS.ght teams of five men each, in- j tie will be decided on the Clubeluding a capiain, wiu conduct tnecan p.'ign under the leadership ofxwc n'-"c,a"'- A iui-" v-aiuc. urging ihe names of business. and profess: "rial men wno are expected to?uppcrt the new organization, arehen prepared ana tne eight teams,di :& into two sections of four IcacL, will meet before the campaign Iopen? to distribute the prospect jrnrr!.Tr. omcers ana aireciors or ine,v J ? J .P 11. --new orgaiuzaLioii nave ueeii waniiiy. n 4- . A . u A .. i. . A . . .crrgiritulared by business men uponthe general attitude of the publictoards the organization of an up-in-rrtecommercial club, equipped toHppI successfully with the manyrm--..mitv problems that arised?i!v in this city.The plan of "operation providesjn"tmpnrs unci ri visions for liandl-mrtiu t...w.mc me work of the organizationand the community in a businesslike way that will insure results.Meters are brought in close coniacr with the work of the bodythicgh the plan adopted, and in-.-,:eaoof proceeding aimlessly, adefinite program is laid out and re-.-porsibilityfixed for the entirewok of the organization.President John T. Collina, inspeaking of the proposed plans ofthe re-organized club, said:'Paris has made several attemptsto maintain an efficient commercialclub and undertake to do the manythings needed in this city and community, but there has been something lacking in our efforts to at-Famous Artistic DancerAppearing This Week at the Paris GrandjBBiS jjjtt'vsffi &g 'Guess, Who She Is? See Her, You May Know HerThe Paris Grand is fortunate in securing for the entertainment of its patrons, this week, the charming littledancer ? ? ? ? ? Well, as to her name, we will leave the question to you to GUESS, WHO SHE IS? She may be aSociety Belle ? She may be a noted actress, home for a rest, after closing an engagement with a New York theatricacompany? She may be but the question is up to you to GUESS, WHO SHE IS?The management of the Grand, "ever watchful, waiting of the opportunity" to secure the services of such artistsas much persuasion, was successful in securing the services of GUESS, WHO SHE IS? for a special limited engagenient. GUESS, WHO SHE IS? is appearing daily at the Paris Grand and before her engagement closes, she will be thetalk of Paris, as her artistic dancing will be the admiration of all, both childreh and grown-ups. GUESS, J WHO SHEIS? possesses unique ability and her artistic dances, especially her toe dancing has received the praise of many prominentcritics here and abroad. Aside, from her artistic ability as a dancer, she possesses a charming and pleasing personalityand her appaarancs is ths interpretation of the latest artistic dances is one to be greatly enjoyed. The management ofGrand has prepared this big surprise, and "treat," but puts the question to you, as to GUESS, WHO SHE IS? SeeHer, See Her Dance, you may recognize Her, you may know, Her! Remember, whatever you -leave undonedon't missBOURBON GUN CLUB SHOOT.The regfular "shoot of the Bourbon Gun Club was held Friday af-grounas next Friday.WHEN YOU TRAVEL"Von want e-onrl lno-o-n jro- fhni 1Ht1can be had here. Our display willconvince you.J. W. DAVIS & CO.J.lain success. We have discoveredllfl " 4- 4- -WVfc J --? -w M n -n 4- 4--wr- in T4- in IiuiK.mB quauuV is. n isj ti i i n linnnr iifmnn iirn nrt urnn ! ifl nlnn nnriPr wTiiMi vt oa.rt wmrlrAT i ,- y. " ; Z . ,without duplication of effort aiidunder v. Inch each worker recognizesa fixed responsibility. Experiencedorganizations throughout the coun-try employ a simple plan, modeledafter the administration of successful business houses, which is get-ling results elsewhere . and will beintroduced in uie new commercialclub."All of the plans in the world,however, will not succeed withoutsupport and co-operation. Wheneverthe business and professional menof this city take off their coatsand throw themselves into thework of building up then commu- j Grand Opera House, Saturday nightnity, casting aside all petty jeal- someone stole his automobile, aousies and misunderstandings, 1919 model Ford, which is still insomething is bound to give way in "port of missing machines." Whenfavor of a mighty step forward. i Mr. Watson came out at the con"Paris has everything to make it " elusion of the first presentation ofihe most progressive and richest ( "The Orphan," by William Farnum,city in Kentucky, but it will not and went to where his car had beengrow until the citizens determine parked, on Ninth street, it wasthat they are going to do their part conspicuous by its -absence. Thetowaids making nfgrow and unite police were notified. The car bore asolidly to achieve success." j license tag No. 54242.CO-OPERATIVE GROCERY TO BEESTABLISHED HERE.WiTh the recent sale of the grocery stock, fixtures and good will ofhis business by Dan Jordan, to theParakeet Company, there willbe established in Paris whathas for a long time been underconsideration, a co-operative grocery. The new concern will be under the direction of a Board of Directors, composed of George W.Wilder, J. C. Nickerson and W. K.Griffin, local officials of the Louisville & Nashville. The venture willbe financed largely by local employes of the Louisville & Nashville.The Parrakeet Co. operates achain of co-operative stores locatedat different points in the State, andis establishing others. The Jordanstore will be taken over by the newconcern about the firstof next.. .......montn. At tnat time a managerwill be seiected to take active,ch of the business. It is thPlan of lhe new concern to sellds at rate that -wlll fcnablethem to make a living profit and atthe same time serve their . customers with goods at prices that willenable them, also, to combat thehigh cost of living.AUTOMOBILE STOLEN.While L. T. Watson and familywere enjoying the screen play at the. NEW PARKING ORDINANCECAUSES MANY ARRESTSThe .new parking, ordinance passedat a recent meeting of the CitvCouncil, is being rigidly enforced, Iand nas oeen the cause of bringingto grief a number of auto ownersand 'drivers. The new measure wentinto effect Saturday, when the firstmove was made by the police in enforcing it.Instructions were issued by Chiefof Police Link to the police force toarrest every person who parked an.auto, on Main street longer thanthirty minutes. The patrolmen werefurnished a card bearing the ordinance in full and accompanied by aperfprated tag. The tag was marked with the time the machine wasfound parked and the license number of the car. This was placed inthe car, and when the patrolman re-I turned, and the car was still thereover tne- time limit, the hour wasnoted and the owner or driver notified to appear in Police Court.Saturday afternoon PatrolmanGeorge W. Judy instituted a vigorous 'campaign and took four machines to headquarters and notifiedfifty others of the ordinance. Yesteiday he was again especially vigilant, and served notice on severalowneis to appear in Court and standthe consequences of violation of thetraffic regulations. The campaignis to continue as long as the ordinance is in effect and some of thepolice are determined to see that ilis obeyed.On the streets intersecting Main,between Main and Pleasant, machines may be paiked only on thesouth side of the stieet, and between Main and High streets, onthe north side.T-vo thirds of the wine in Italy ismanufactured in Sicily.BURGLARS VISIT SIMON STORESATURDAY NIGHTEffecting an entrance by breakinga window glass in the rear ofthe store and unlatching a windowcatch, thieves ransacked the HarrvSimon store Saturday night or earlybunaay morning, taking a largequatity of valuable goods. Thethieves secured a plank, which theyplaced against the side of the building, by means of which they ascended to the window throughwhich entrance was gained. Notraces were discovered in the rearof the building, and even the vinesgrowing on the ground at that pointwere undisturbed, showing the visitors took special pains to leavenothing by which they could betraced.When the store was opened forbusiness Monday morning a scene ofthe utmost dosorder was presented.Boxes were strewn over the floor,valuable stocks were thrown aroundand every indication given that unwelcome parties had been there.The thieves showed rare discrimination, taking only the most valuableand costly goods. A hasty inventorytaken early yesterday morningshowed that a large amount ofgoods had been stolen, among themthe following: Seven ladies' skirts,three suits, three dresses, two Jersey blouses, eight Georgette waists,a large lot of silk hose, underwear,.and other goods. Until a full inventory has been made it will nothe known just how much had beenstolen. The robbery was reportedto the police, who are at work oilthe case.oUP-TO.-DATE FRAME BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONOn Wednesday, July 28, at twoo'clock, Harris, Speakes & Harris,agents, will sell the modern and attractive Breusaw bungalow, locatedat .Sixteenth and High streets, at.public auction. The home is up-to-the-minuteand an excellent buy.(20-3t)oHAIL INSURANCEFor tobacco hail insuranceseeMcCLURE & DONALDSON,Agents,First National Bank Bldg.(july2-tf)LIVESTOCK TRANSACTIONSChas. C. Clarke and Tollie .Young,of near Koilh Mlddl&'town, salcTiasI?week to Henry S. Cay wood, representing Swift & Co., of Chicago, twohundred head of fat cattle, weighing from 1.400 to 1,500 pounds, at$15.50 per hundred pounds. Theentire bunch brought about S45.-000. The sellers purchased the cat-tie ss feeders for twelve cents 'pound.E KNOW MWHowinWhether or Not You Can BeFitted Until You Try to Be ?SKsiSRii SIllp3 H Itlllii ll$MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MEN"BOOTLEGGER" NABBEDHenry Hughes, colored, of Cynthiana, was arrested Saturday night byPatrolman Robt. Lusk on a charesof having liquor in his possession in t,local option territory nrsanmaMvfor purposes of sale. PatrolmanLusk noticed Hughes acting in asuspicious manner. Upon investigation fie found a large quantity ofcontraband wet goods stored in halfpints in various portions of Hushes'clothing. Hughes was placed Inthe Paris jail to await a hearing inthe County Court.oRESIDENCE AND 8 ACRES TO BESOLD AT AUCTION. yDon't fail to attend the sale ofMr. Stanhope Wiedemann's resi- ,dence and 8 acres of land on Cypresssreet, on Tuesday, July 27. Sale " .starts at 10:00 a. m. and residenceat 11:00 o'clock. Also at the sametime a manure spreader, grain drill,farm wagon, buggy, spring wagon,kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery, white enamel Sanitary FavoriteRange Stove, etc., will be sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to bsold without reserve. For particulars, seeHARRIS. SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.Medicine Made RightSick people wantmade right.their medicine'When your doctor gives you SkJprescription he knows how he wantsit filled.He doesn't want anything "jusfcas good" put into it.He dcesn't wantout.anything leftWe fill presciiptions properly.If we haven't the right medicine,we tell you so.We are running a drug store that-is a drug store.Drugs that are the best to be hadf-,in the market.Prescriptions compounded cor- sxectly or not at all. .See your doctor, then seee us. - . -fJ, SHEAPEOPLES5 PHARMACYPhones 60. Paris, KyvVIon TellNowadays there are so,many different models fordifferent figures theChances are Tento OneThat You Can Be FittedWith One of OurSmartSuitsGive us a call. It's apleasure to us to show you.BLAKEMOREv1 '.4 ,'sV... '!lM&-VI :V3,- '.I -. -s.seeing GUESS, WHO SHE IS?J ,m 1xrx.-;.r-',rf-JVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE TWOTUESDAY JULT 26,1 lfIHE BOURBON NEWS:ablished1881 39 Years of Continuous PublicationMAY ASK CANTRHL TO DIRECTCAMPAIGNMblished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.v(Bntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon the-character, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns of'THE BOURBON NEWS will be gladly-corrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. Ghicagd Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thonrpson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 pertach for fixst time; 50 cents per inch-ch subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-och issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl"iatee, obituaries and resolutions, and'similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--'Sientsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseived-to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officeslust invariably be accompanied byie cash.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR SHERIFF.H. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, lespectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.According to expressions heard onall sides there seems to be a sentiment among Democrats that Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill is thelogical person to manage the Democratic campaign in Kentucky thisyear, says the Louisville Times.Many go so far, continues theTimes, as to say that CongressmanCantrill should be drafted for thepurpose. It is pointed out that besides being very close to Gov. Cox,the Presidential nominee, and having much to do with his nominationMr. Cantrill probably has no peer asan organizer, which was fully demonstrated in 1916, when under hisleadership as campaign manager, amajority of over 28,000 was rolledup for President Wilfeon in one ofthe hardest-fought campaigns everwaged in the State.The friends of Congressman Cantrill are confident that he can equalor eclipse this performance, andthat is why they want him to directthe fight ahead.oKINGHTS OP PYTHIAS OUTING.PROMINENT NEWSPAPER MANDIES SUDDENLYFOR JAILEREd Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Dem-ocratic primary.TOR TAX COMMISSIONER."We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg-, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.TOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announce30HN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bouribon countv. with THOMAS TATTTY'Of Paris, as deputy, subject to the !action of the Democratic voters ofTBourbon county.The members of Rathbone Lodge,No. 12, Knights of Pythias, of thiscity, are planning for an outing tobe given at the Pythian Home, inLexington, on Sunday, July" 25. Aspecial car over the interurban linewill be chartered for the transportation of the members and theirfamilies. The rate for the roundtrip will be announced in the Pariipapers later on.Each member will take with hima well-filled basket and other thingscalculated to help make the day an.enjoyable one. Music will be rendered by the Girls' Orchestra of theHome, and a program of enjoyableevents will be observed. This outing is an annual event with thelocal lodge, and always means agood time for those who attend.The members of the Pythian Sisters,the K. of P. auxiliary, will also goon the trip and help to make thingspleasant. The special car will leaveParis about nine o'clock on themorning of July 25, and will returnat a convenient hour in the evening.oCAMPAIGN BUSINESS'FORDEPUTY TAX" SIONER.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection with"Walter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to the.-action of .the Democratic party.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor President,James M. Cox, of Ohio,or Vice President,Franklin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.For Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.PLEASED WITH TICKETThat Kentucky Democrats are intensely pleased with the ticket and"platform and whatever else wasdone at-4.he 'Frisco convention isputting it mildly, and on everyhand the opinion is expressed thatthe party has put its best foot forward, in the great campaign to bewaged for the control of the Federal Government. Kentucky was'with Governor Cox from the start,and all hands agree that he is theone man who v ill make certain aparty triumr1 in The State at theNovember polls, and because of thisfeeling the Democrats will enter thecampaign with absolute confidencein the outcome, says the Louisville'Times.There is also a feeling of pride inthe part Kentucky played in thenational convention in the making-of the platform arid the selection ofthe licket, the State winning a.rotable distinction in both achievements. Kentucky is considered absolutely safe for the Democrats inNovember.oMrs. Etsu Inagaki Sugimoto, aTsTanpc:a n nmnn . will civo n rwiiveosin writing and speaking the Japa-I nervousness kidney andA few businesses are certain toboom this year, no matter whathappens to the generality. One isthe celluloid business; the Republicans have ordered fifteen millioncelluloid buttons and out- of naturalpride the Democrals will have to doas well. The poster-paper businesswill also prosper, with five millionRepublican poster? ordered andlarge Democratic consignments onthe way. Bunting men are happyat the prospect of millions and millions of American flags and billionsof yards of red, white and bluecloth which will be used to decoratehalls and platforms in and on whichthe spellbinders will hold sway.The glass and watei pitcher makers are also in high spirits, for theycan count on a large sale of thesecommodities- to committees havingpublic meetings in charge. Thepalm-leaf fan season is pernaps pastits height, but the manufacturersdid a wonderful business during theChicago convention and will show alarger profit than usual. There iha brisk movement in throat lozenges and cough drops and the nervesanitariums are planning to handlea late rush of patients who allowedthemselves to grow too excited ormade large bets on the wrong candidates. Telephone, telegraph andrailway companies should prosperby the conveyance of politicians andpoliticians' messages, and the consumption of large black cigars willgreatly increase. Possibly the season for the renting of back roomsin hotels for political deals is nearlyover, but the hotel men must havemade big winnings on such rooms.It is evident from these few examples that a Presidential campaign, contrary to tradition, neednot be a time of business depression.oDEMOCRATIC NOMINEE A FAVORITE IN KENTUCKYIn respect to Governor Cox, Kentucky is in almost as favored position as if he were a native son.He is a near and cordial neighborand Kentucky Democracy supportedhim strong from tbe start, withjust enough division to show thatthe sentiment for him was spontaneous and natural, not "workedup." We will see Ihe force of thibsituation in November, for Kentuckians, whether Democrat or Republican, have not much taste forbeing bossed by outsiders and thefact that Harding did not get aKentucky vote until it had all beenfixed up for him, will be sure totell.-oJ. P. STRONGGraham Vreeland, publisher ofthe Frankfort State Journal, andowner of the Dearing PublishingCompany, died at Norton Infirmary,in Louisville, Thursday, of apoplexy. Mr. Vreeland, his wife and daughters, motoied down from Frankfort,Wednesday. He had been in poorhealth and came to Louisville fortreatment. Aside from high bloodpressure, there was no symptom ofany serious danger, Iiowevef. andnone thought of a fatal termination.Mr. Vreeland was born in Washington county in 1871. Aftcrleaving high school he became a reporter for the Courier-Journal and roseto the position of managing editor.For twenty years he repoited theLegislature for the Courier-Journaland was known to politicians fromone end of Kentucky to the other.Eight years ago he purchased aninterest in the Fiankfort StateJournal and since then has been inthe publishing and printing business. He had been very successfuland amassed a fortune.Mr. Vreeland is survived tJjy hismother, wife and daughters' Anna-belle and Margaret, 10 and 16 yearsold respectively, and by two brothers, Rev. Walter and Hubert Vreeland. His aged mother is prostrated. The body was taken to Frankfort for interment.Political Wisdom.The conduct of a wise politician isever suited to the present posture ofaffairs. Often by foregoing a part hesaves the whole, and by yielding Ina small matter secures a greater.Plutarch.Professional Notice !Each forenoon I will be in thelaw offices of Talbott & Whitley,Paris, and eaoh afternoon in the lawoffices of Franklin, Talbott & Chapman, Lexington, Kentucky.(16-3t) ROBT. C. TALBOTT.FoundAn automobile tire and rim.Owner can get same by provingproperty and paying for advertisement. (6-tf) GEO. BATTERTON.More than 300 women in Mexicoearn their living by acting as professional bull-fighters.aster?s Sale !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTBuckner Woodford,As Trustee, Etc., PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.May Jean Tw ner . ..DefendantProminent Real Estate Broker ofMassachusettsBoston Aug. 25, sayt: "I havebeen in the real estate brokeragebusiness for many years. I havesuffered with loss of sleep, indigestion and nervousness, but sincetaking Argo-Phcsphate, I sleep better and eat without fear of distress,and can feel a great change in mysystem."There is nothing in medical science that equals Argo-Phosphate inthe treatment of indigestion, rheu-nese language at Columbia University.liver ills. Sold by Brooks & SnappDrug Co., jjnd all reliable druggists.(july2v3-aug20)jAUnder and by viitue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, July 24, 1920at the front door of the Courthouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperties:1. Lot 29 Convent Heights inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, fronting 50 feet on the east side of Weststreet, and running back the samewidth as in front 3 00 feet to lot 12.bounded on the north by lot No. 28,on the .couth by lot No. 30.Being the same property conveyed to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon byLillie C. Martin and Frank Martin,her husband, by deed of date June4, 1902, of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court,in Deed Book 84, page 530, to whichreference is made.2 Lot 26 on Convent Heights inthe City of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the East side of Weststreet, frontine: 50 feet on sniistreet and running back betweenparallel lines 100 feet to Lot No. 15.Being the same property conveyed to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon byMaggie Connelly Ritchey by deed ofdate April 26, 1904, of record in theoffice of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, in Deed Book 88,page 236, and by deed from Jos F.Ramp's heirs by deed of record insaid office in Deed Book , pageto which reference is made.3 The following two parcels ofland "lying and being on the westside of West street, in the City ofParis, Ky., and described as follows:Tract No. 1, beginning at a point inWest street, corner to lot 43, thenceS 54 feet with the margin of Weststreet corner to lot 41; thence withthe line of said lot 89 feet to theLylesville line; thence N with saidline 54 feet to lot 43; thence E withthe line of said lot 94 feet and 6inches to the beginning. Tract No.2, A certain lot of land in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, being lot 41 onConvent Heights, fronting 56 feet enWest street and running back thesame width to Lylesville, a distanceof 86 feet and 6 inches on the southside and 89 feet on the north side,it being lot No. 27.Reins- the same property conveyed to Mrs. Jeanie B. Harmon byJohn W. Bedford's heirs by deed ofdate January 28, 1907, of record inthe office of the Clerk of the Bourbon County Court, in Deed Book 89,page "377, to which reference ismade.4 A certain house and lot onWalker avenue in Paris, Kentucky,and described as follows:A certain house and lot in Paris,Ky., on . the West side of Walkeravenue, fronting 75 feet on Walker avenue, and extending back between parallel lines 225 ft. to Wescstreet and being the same propertyconveyed to Jeanie B. Harmon byLouella Ramp's heirs by deed of record in said office in Deed Book 87,page 281, tc which reference ismade.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve .months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of ihe purchase moneyof each of the above describedtracts, each due bix and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent. (6) per annum from date of sale until paid.Said sale is made for the purposeof a settlement of the estate and adivision among the parties interested. O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. 'C-. p.M, F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(6-16-23), . . .. 'Lost Watc hBetween E. F. Spears & Sons'office on Pleasant street and Charlton Clay's, on the Winchester pikeyesterday, a seven-jewel Elgin goldopen-face watch, with K. of P. fobattached. Return to this bffice andreceive suitable rewar. 13-tf)PUBLIC SAIOF. I. Furniture, HouseholdGoods, Etc. .Commencing at 1:30 p. m., onSaturday, July 31, 1920,the following articles will be sold on the premises of M. M. I.:r Table ware;Kitchen utensils;One large Hotel Refrigerator;Laundry Outfit;Porch Furniture;Lot of Canned Goods.Beds, single and double;Cots, mattresses for same;Chiffoniers, Washstands;Tables;Dining Chairs (bent wood) ;Many other articles too numerous tc mention.TERMS CASH.COL. C. M. BEST, Millersburg, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Give a Thought to Music.Pinnos, Player Pianos, CabinetTalking Machines, recoids and music rolls at low prices.Also have slightly-used Mahogany Upright Piano, taken in exchange, at a bargain.Cash, or convenient terms may bearranged.We also do tuning and repairing.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(22june-tf)V? VjyTyZNotice to StockholdersThere will be a meeting of thestockholder of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company, tincorporated, at tne jnrst .NationalBank, Jin Paris, Ky., on July 17th,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., for the purpose of electingofficers for the ensuing year.C. C. CLARKE, President.D W. PEED, Manager.(15-td)En-Ar-Co National Motor OilA clear, clean motor oil for alltypes of motors, marvelous for itslubricating efficiency and freedomfrom carbon. Holds its 'body' underheat of service, as its .lubricatingefficiency is the greatest.G. R. BURBERRYPhone 277-J Centerville, Ky.WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GEN-1HiKAli MAUJllJNUi WUlUi.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)EKF HrK X j z J. C? -yah-fl 5t?PUBLIC SALEOfIPe sirable City PropertyKnown as the Mrs. Ed Turner PropertyThe Undersigned Will Sell at Public Sale, onSATURDAY, JULY 24. 1920at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., at the court house door, in Paris,Kentucky, the following described property:FIE ST The property known as No. 825 Walker Avenue, whichhas thereon a 2-story frame, slate and metal .roof house; a modernhome of 8 rooms and hall, hath room, electric lights : lot is 75x225 ft. ;has good garden, cistern, cellar; being formerly the home of Mrs. Jean' B. Harmon. It is in an excellent location, near to schools, being located on Walker Avenue.SECOND No. 852, on east side of West Street, a 4-room cottage,and lot 50x100 feet; is good rent property, now occupied by tenant.. , THIRD On west side of West Street, a dwelling house, No. 821,of. 5 rooms, on lot 54x89 feet. Property is now rented to tenant. Cis- )tern on lot.FOURTH On west side of West Street, a dwelling of 5 rooms, onlot 56x86 Vp. feet. .Property is now rented to tenant. City water.All three of above cottages can be connected with gas at edge oflots.For terms of sale see Master's ad in this paper of Buckner Wood- 4- ford, as trustee, etc., Plaintiff, vs. May Jean Turner, Defendant.O. T. HIINTONMaster CommissionerIn the Case of Buckner -Woodford, Trustee of Mrs. Ed Turner.-""";Kni -s- - &-i:1'K---a-',.-,cSJ" t T F yPTUESDAY, JULY 20, 1920THE. BOUJtBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- KvjifjiiunvDSS112 Millionsusea last jrearto KILL COLJULL1CASCARAlQUININE&3&&:rd cold remedy for 20 yearstablet farm sa' .,..,. ,.cpsates Dreaks up a cold in 24uours relieves grip in 3 day.uoney DacK it it tails. Thegenuine box has a Redtop vrith Mr. Hill'spicture.' All Drug' Star-TnTVSS1-; 'V! KTm.Ati i w val;tw.ir.T'J Nrfa'fev.iy 5fi.MORE MEX FOR XALAPA.Another consignment of Mexicanlaborers, sent from an employmentagency at Laredo, Texas, numbering about sixty-five, arrived herethis week. The men were sent tothe Xalapa Farm, where they willengage in construction work, beingcarried on there by the MasonHanger Construction Company.About eight hundred Mexicans arenow employed in the work underway on the Xalapa Farm. They aregenuine types of the Mexican peonsor laborers. Many are accompaniedby their families.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.VEFOR PARIS PEOPLEThe Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter StrangersHome testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris people carry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris man's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thathacks Doan's Kidney Pills.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the" past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timemy back was weak and lame and1he kidney secretions passed toofrequently, making me get up oftenat night. I have used a box of Doan's Kidne3r Pills at those times andthey have always rid me of the complaint. I think they are a splendidkidney medicine and gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'trimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(ady)nwntMSSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesIaarmble Bifocal LmtCmrmmr 4tk A Cli-liirt St.LOUISVILLE. KY.ft"Mrs.- Percy Smith has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. May Wash, inCynthiana.Mr. and Mrs TTHrrv "Rarlnw left.Saturday for an extended visit toDetroit, Mich., Buffalo, and NiagaraFalls.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Clarke andhave gone to Clark's Lake, in Michigan, ior a two-weeKs stay.F. D. Bush, Division PassengerAgent of the Louisville & Nashville,with headquarters in Cincinnati,was a recent business visitor inParis.Harmon Turner and sister,Miss Juliet Turner, have returnedfrom Owensboro, Avhere they weremembers of a house party being entertained by Miss Marion Herr.J. A. Dekle, of San Angelo,Texas, is in Paris, for the purposeof opening a photographic studio.Mr. Dekle will bring his family hereas soon as he secures a location.Lee Price, of Frank & Co., isspending Ihe week in New York,with Robt. L. Frank, also a memberof the firm, inspecting the fall andwinter styles for their stocks.James M. Russell and daughter,Mrs. Louise Wilmoth, and her twochildren, James and Caro?yn, leftSaturday for Tucumacari, NewMexico, for a visit to Mr. CharlesWilmoth, who is engaged in the oilbusiness there.THE NEWS acknowledges receint of the following, showing-how a former Paris boy is forgingI - .. .. imTMo the iront in a ousmess way: vvej take great pleasure in announcingithe association of Mr. D. C. McNa-mara with our organization as btateRepresentative for our three plants.The Indiana Veneer & Panel Co.,The Hoosier Panel Co., New Albany,Ind., The Crescent Panel Co., Louisville, Ky."Miss Elizabeth Thompson enTPrtninpd Fridav evening at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. JClifton Thompson, on Linaen warn,in Lexington, with an informal party in honor of her cousin, Miss MarySpears, of Paris, who is her guest.About forty guests were present.The home and the spacious lawnwere brilliantly lighted. Ices, cakesand bonbons were served. Theguests drew their favors from amammoth pie.ATicp Margaret ShropsniraI charmingly entertained at bridge atthe home of her parents, iui. amiMrs. I. C. Shropshire, on East Pikestreet, in Cynthiana, in honor orMiss Mildred Lisle, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. D. C. Lisle, of Paris, whoseengagement to Mr. W. W. Senter ofHazard, Ky., and Bristol, Va., hasbeen announced, the marriage totake place this month. The Shropshire home was decorated with hollyhocks and sweet peas. After thesames egg kisses, whipped crearaand cake were served. The firstprize a box of beautiful note paper,went' to Mrs. John T. Reynolds; theAnnie Bell Wallace, of Pans; and asilver tray was resented 10 uiguest of honor. Among those present were Mrs. W. G. McClintockand Mrs. White Varden, of Pans;and Miss Helen Kunkel, of Cleveland, O. r(Other Personals on Page 5)oNEWS ADS (JETS 'EM!There is no discounting the factthat advertising in THE NEWSpavs. It has been proven time andoCToir. AtrR "Ellen C. Kiely placed asmall advertisement in THE NEWSja short time ago, desiring to sellsome articles of household use, anafound a purchaser the same day thead appeared in the paper. M. J.Murphy lost a pair of spectacles,and had an ad inserted in THENEWS offering a reward for theirreturn. The glasses were found andreturned to Mr. Murphy before THENEWS went to press. The ad wouldhave found them just the same, andM. J. was just as well satisfied as itwas. It pays to advertise in THENEWS.STOCK, CROP, ETC." R. H. Wills, of Paris, purchasedlecently on th markets at Carlisleand Winchester, twelve head ofhorses at good prices. Joe B. Smith,of Paris, bought five horses at Carlisle Court day. The horses wereshipped to the Southern markets.The steady prices for fat cattleprevailing for the past two week?has helped tc accelerate the movement of stock to the markets, shipments being limited only by thelack of cars. The Louisville andNashville is getting cars to theParis shipping pens as fast as possible. Jonas Weil, of Lexington, purchased of Hiram Roseberry, of nearParis, a bunch of eighty head of fatcattle at a price not made public.J. G. Rogers and Jonas Weil purchased of Gceorge Redmon, of Paris,a bunch of fancy expDrt cattle at$15 a hundred. Caywood & McClintock, of Paris purchased of JamesL. Dodge, thirty-four head of cattle, averaging 1,334 pounds, for$14.50 per hundred.LICENSE REGULATJOIT FOBWOOL WAREHOUSESRegulations covering the licensing of wool warehouses under thefederal warehouse act have beenpromulgated and are ready for distribution to those desiring membership in the Federal warehousingsystem, the Department of Agriculture at Washington, Monday, announced. Under the act, which isnot compulsory as licensing, warehousemen will vbe licensed upontheir application to the Bureau otMarkets.HEALING THE SICKNitort Hit Only WayMillions today know how to preservetheir health and live to a ripe old ag..They use nature's only wayBulgarian Blood TeaIT PURIFIES THE BLOODIT GENTLY MOVES THE BOWELSIT SWEETENS THE STOMACHIT STARTS LIVER ACTIONIT FLUSHES THE KIDNEYSEvery thoughtful parent will keep abox of this Pure Herb Tea on hand asa first aid remedy to kill colds andward off :Flu." Grippe, Pneumoniaand serious sickness.Sold Everywhere by Druggists-?-WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agent.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mfejjasgijgiBigsefgigiBg-jggggiJiijgjssiigPiggiaiA.iiiinAttention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, &ivenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257osBsmmMEMmmmnnnMrnnnn--....-7.;irilMms;Bm.i. P-g l fWMl)And Now we are Making Contract Por..- FallPaintinOur Spring business was farin excess of any season we haveever- had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you. want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!v Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.kANC BROS.Home Phone 399PARIS. KENTUCKYGOODFURNITUREAT JULY PRICESTHIS IS A mi, OLD FASHIONED JULY SALEThis carriage is very comfortable and you will find itconvenient to handle. It isroomy, yet not clumsy, designed to sige a maximum ofease and makes an attractiveappearance.j A Visit to This Store Will jbs g ievelation to You i"-- vYou'll find values here that will openyour eyes to the wonderful money saving opportunities this sole offers you.We have illustrated here just a fewot the many prices at big reductions.There are hundreds of others. It will payyou to see them.FK "ZZtjfil PAn AttractiveBrass BedThis bed is very substant-9ial. It is made of large sizebrass tubing, in the ColonialCap design, and may be hadin Velvet, Satin and Ribbonfinish.iAn Attractive Queen AnneSuite of Study BuildThe set consists of nine pieces exact reproductionsof charming Queen Anne origials, built by modern scienceto last a lifetime. It is beautifully finished in either Mahogany or American Walnut, and attractively decoratedwith carved designs. The1 table is of oblong extension type.A Three Piece Cane Suite Builtof Solid MahoganyThe combination of cane and solid mahogany givesthis suite a very rich appearance. The wing backs andshaped arms make it unusually comfortable. We have alimit number of these suites, and will sell them while theylast at the July sale price. Come in now before they areall gone.DuplexFirelessStovesA Dainty Artistic Bedroom Setin Mahogany or Walnut ,There is a simplicity about the design and finish of ythis suite that makes an instant appeal. It consists of fourpieces. You will find the dresser and chifforobe veryroomy. The dresser has a full size mirror and the dressingtable adjustable, triple mirrors, all of the best quality.A. F. Wheeler Furniture CompanyMain and. Third Streets. Paris, Kentucky. -Duplex Fireless Stoves havedeeper cooking wells, affording the opportunity of cooking a greater quantity of food..More and larger vessels arefurnished than with any othercooker.The Duplex cooks the entiremeal meats, vegetables, cakes,rolls or pastry in less timeand at a smaller cost.It will pay you to call at ourstore to see this remarkablestove.nuiai HMS HI 111 HH JKIlB'1 tl ft mvi-v'; ',.y :-1 mmmmmiiffgmmmm'l1 nearer -r"TC 7" ' " W '7f- - ; -- ; . r ; :, ' . r ? i ' . -l H B pM B F-k H H rkVcof Men's, Young Men's and Boys','Spring and Summer Suits:- 4 "PanssPanamas and Bangkoks4.00 cut to ,.$3.255.00 cut to 3.756.00 cut to 4.507.00 cut to !.'. 5.00Leghorns and Straws$2.00 cut to $1.452.50 cut to 1 .953. 00 cut to 2.253.50 cut to 2.754.00 cut to...... 3.254.50 cut to 3.505.00 cut to . 3.756.00cutto 4.50IMain and Seventh Streetsf.,rliTOTCENTintraw Hats, Neckwear, Silk Shirts, Children's WashSuits at Greatly Reduced PricesThis is our clearance time, and we get ready nowby clearing stocks for the coming of Fall goods.We have some extremely good things to sell, andas we want to dispose of this merchandise we believeour clearance prices will accomplish it.This Sale is Backed by Our Reputation as an Honest MerchandisingConcernand this sale should be welcomed by the money saving public, Come to-day and see the good things wehave to offer and what remarkable values we haveto offer.CASH ONLYNO APPROVALSMen's and YoungMen's Suits$15. 00 Suits cut to $ 1 2.0018.00 Suits cut to : 1 4.4jO20.00 Suits cut to. . . A 1 6.0022. 50 Suits cut to 1 8,0025.00 Suits cut to f 20.0027.50 Suits cut to 22;ob30.00 Suits cut to 24. OO32.50 Suits cut to 26. OO35.00Suits cutto 28.0037.50Suits cutto 30.0040.00Suits cutto 32. OO42.50 S.uits cut to 34.0045.00 Suits cut to 36.0047.50Suits cutto 38. OO50.00 Suits cutto.. 40.0052.50 Suits cut to 42. OO55.00Suits cutto... 44. OO57.50Suits cutto 46. OO60.00 Suits cut to 48.0065.00Suits cutto 52. OO67.50 Suits cut to 54.00Boys' Suits$ 5.00 Suits cutto $ 4.006.50 Suits cut to , . 5.207.50 Suits cut to 6.008.50 Suits cut to 6.8010.00 Suits cut to. . : S.OO12.50 Suits cut to 1 O.OO15.00 Suits cutto 12.0018.00 Suits cut to.' , 14.4020.00 Suits cut to 1 6.0022.50 Suits cut to 1 8.0025.0Q Suits cut to 20.00Men's and Young Men's Summer Suits$27.50 Suits cut to $22,5020.00 Suits cut to 1 4.50' Silk Shirts15.00 Shirts cut to , $1 1 .OO12.50 Shins cut to 9.0010.00 Shirts cut to ' 7.508.50 Shirts cut to 6.507.50 Shirts cut to 5.506.50 Shirts cut to 4.506.00 Shirts cut to 4.005.50 Shirts cut co 3.75rr- 'SLl-PCopyright, 1920.L B.-Kjrschbaua CompanySilk Neckwear$3.00 Ties cut to $2.252.50 Ties cut to 1 .952.00 Ties cut to 1 .351.50 Ties cut to 1.151.00 Ties cut to .75.75 Ties cut to 55Children's Wash Suitst$2.50 Wash Suits cut to 2.003. 00 Wash Suits cut to 2.403.50 Wash Suits cut to 2.804.00 Wash Suits cue to v . . 3.204.50 Wash Suits cut to 3.605.00 Wash Suits cut to 4.00Starts To-day July20Lasts Ten DaysL L K k H .1 H HTHE ONE PRICE STOREParis, Kentuckyf V '. .1 ' t- .'. -r ' 1 V.". "",t'X-Kr &'V iiA.v.Vi- TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY?,iFACTi.-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FARM LOANS.6 PER CENT INTEREST.FIVE-YEAR TERM.Prudential Insurance Co. ofAmerica. See local representative, Hinton, Bradley & Bradley,Attorneys, Bourbon Agricultural Bank & Trust Co. Building.(20-3t)DSPECIAL SALE OF SOCKSA high-grade lisle in five colors,at 50c.J. W. DAVIS & CO.JUDGE STOUT IMPEOVING.A message was received heie yesterday from Louisville, stating thaturcmt Jud?e Robert Lee Stout,who was operated on for gallstones,at the Norton Infirmary, is improving very fast. Judge Stout will beable to return to his home in Versailles in about two weeks. Mrs.Stout is with him. at the Norton Infii mary.HAIL INSURANCECnsure your growing croptobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2tf)OfDESIRABLE MODERN COTTAGEAT AUCTION, WEDNESDAY,-. JULY 28.We will sell one of the most up-to-dateand desirable modern bungalows in Paris, when we offer theelegant Bruesaw home at the corner of Sixteenth and High streets,on Wednesday, July 28, at 2 o'clock.This bungalow was built by Mr.John Aikle and everything is firstclass.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.PARIS WHEAT MARKET HIGHEST PRICE REPORTEDSo far as heard from the Pariswheat market is the highest in theState, the local millers paying $2.75per bushel for the new wheat, No. 2grade. This price was reported yes--terdayby the Paris Milling Co. andE. P. Spears & Sons.The new wheat crop is reported as-excellent in quality, ranging in.weight from 59 to 60 pounds to thebushel. The yield, though, is light,due to a smaller acreage having"been planted than in precedingyears. Two years ago the averagewas larger, but the quality was notto good.ORDERYOUR BLACKBERRIESNOW TO-DAY.Let us have your order for crate"blackberries for preserving rightaway if you want any. There Is abig demand for them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oSOLDIER'S BODY BROUGHT TOOLD HOME.Enclosed in a metallic hermetically-sealedcasket, draped in aUnited States flag, the body ofClaude Jackson, of StampingGround, in Scott county, who madethe supreme sacrifice on the battlefield in France, was returned lastweek to his old home for burialThe body, accompanied by a United States soldier as escort, arrivedin Paris, and was sent to Georgetown via the F. & C. Jackson wasa member of the 441st EngineerCoips, and saw active service inFrance, being killed in action in oneof the hard-fought battles. He haslelatives in this county.RESIDENCE AND 8 ACRES TO BESOLD AT AUCTION.Don't fail to attend the sale ofMr. Stanhope Wiedemann's residence and 8 acres of land on Cypressstreet, on Tuesday, July 27. Salestarts at 10:00 a. m., and residencewill be sold at 11:00 o'clock. Alsoat the same time a manure spreader,grain drill, farm wagon, buggy,spring wagon, kitchen utensils,jars, crockery, white enamel Sanitary Favorite Range Stove, etc., willbe sold.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve. For particulars seeHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.O-UP-TO-DATE FRAME BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONOn Wednesday, July 28, at twoo'clock, Harris, Speakes & Harris,agents, will sell the modern and attractive Breusaw bungalow, locatedat Sixteenth and High streets, atpublic auction. This home is up-to-the-minuteand an excellent buy.(20-3t)a ' and Mrs Gilbert Lytle anadaughter, Edna Garrett, are visitingrelatives in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Determan,of Cincinnati, are guests at thehome of Mrs. W. H. Fisher, on Mt.Any avenue.-Mr. and Mrs. James E. Cravenand two children will leave thismorning for a sojourn at West Baden Springs, West Baden, Indiana.Mrs. W. G. Hartwell anddaughter, Miss Martha Hartwell, ofAmelia, Ohio, were guests Sunday ofMiss Nannie W. Miller and Mr.Bruce Miller.Mr. J. E. Taylor, who has beena patient at the Massle MemorialHospital, for the past seven weeks,is improving, and expects to returnhome soon.Mr. George C. Thompson hasbeen confined to his bed for severaldays at his home on Pleasant street.He was reported as improved yesterday. Mrs. Fannie A. Burris andniece, Miss Frances Thomason, arevisiting Mrs. Burns' sister, Mrs.Charles North, and Mr. North, inCincinnati.Miss Blanche Lilleston and Mrs.Birdie Clay Webb are at Lake Chautauqua, New York, wheie they willtake a special course of study in theSummer School.E N. Wickliffe, of Lexington,and niece, Mrs. Eddie Spears Hin-'ton, of Paris, have gone to the Carlsbad Springs, at Dry Ridge, for ashort sojourn.Leslie McClure, of near Paris,has gone to New York, from where,after a short stay, he will go to Baltimore, Md., to take a responsibleposition with a large mercantileconcern.Mr. and Mm Charles Greenand children, Misses Tvlildred andElizabeth, and Master John CharlesGreen, left yesterday for a week'svisit to friends and lelatives inCincinnati.Mrs. John Lair and Mrs. WillG. McClintock have gone to LakeChautauqua to remain severalweeks. Before her return Mrs. McClintock will visit York Beach, onthe coast of Maine.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Baird andMrs. Ethel Houston, of SouthCharleston, O., are guests at thehome of the former's daughter, Mrs.Sidney Ardery, Jr., on Houstonavenue, in this city.Mi. Forrest Eyers and littledaughter, Jane Fyers, have returnedto their home in Keokuk, Iowa, after a visit to the former's sister,Mrs. Julian Frank, and Mr. Frank,at their country home, near thiscity.Miss Clementine Lusby, formerly of Paris, is a guest of fiiendsIn this city. Miss Lusby has beenfor many months a member of thestaff at the U. S. Public Health Service Hospital, at Biltmore, NorthCarolina.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson. whohas been engaged in evangelisticwork in the South for some time,was a guest of friends in this cityfor the week-end. Miss Harbeson i&visiting relatives in Flemingsburgfor a few days.Mrs. Sam Willis, Mrs. Hairy B.Clay and daughter, Miss Nell Clay,Miss Frances Clay and Miss Margaret Ardery will leave to-day for aiwo-weeks' trip to Atlantic City,Philadelphia, New York City andWashington, D. C.Miss. Ire-ne Bramblett, of Paris,was a member of a house party entertained for the week-end by MissMary Carlisle Bird, in Shelbyville.Miss Bramblett will be a guest thisweek of Miss Sarah ElizabethBailey, in Bagdad, Shelby county.Miss Corilla Eberhardt, otGeorgetown, who has been a guestat the home of Misses LaRue, nearShawhan, for several days, has goneto Lake Ghautauqua, New York, toremain several weeks. She was accompanied from Paris by Miss Emily Ford, of Georgetown.Dr. D. S. Henry, Mrs. Henryand their daughters, Misses Charlotte and Elizabeth Henry, of Paris,left last night for Montreal,Canada. From there they will takepassage next Friday on the "Scandinavia,' for Antwerp, Belgium, onthe first lap of a two-months' tourof Europe. During the trip Dr.Henry, whe is greatly interested inagriculture and land values, willmake a study of conditions beforeand after the war in the Old World.Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price are visiting their daughter, Mrs. C. A. Teller, and Mr. Teller, in Chicago.Mrs. Harry Linville and daughter, Miss Natalie Linville, areguests of relatives in Henderson.Miss Lavalette Ranso-n, member of the Paris High School faculty, ppent the week-end in Paris asguest of friends. Miss Ranson istaking the summer course of studyat the University of Kentucky, inLexington.One of the most delightful social events of the mid-summer willbe the dance to be given at the Masonic Temple to-morrow (Wednesday) evening. The hours will befrom 9:00 p. m. to 3:00 a. m.Music for the dancers will be furnished by Smith's Sextette. Thedance will be a subscription affair,with James McClintock and WilliamRogers as prime promotors. Fromindications there will be a large attendance fiom surrounding towns.Mr. and Mrs. Wra. Mayfield, ofDayton, Ohio, are guests of friendsand relatives in this city. Mr. Mayfield is no Physical Director atthe National Cash Register Co.'splant, in Dayton, and has charge ofthe physical welfare of the employes. During the world war Mr.Mayfield served three years in various army camps and in France anaEngland, as director of physical culture of the soldiers. In speaking ofhis experiences Mr. Maj-field statedthat there was one place he was always glad to get back to, and thatwas the good old town of Paris, Ky.(Oother Personals on Page 31.LostOn Main street, between Seventhand Second street bridge, a blacksilk coat made with vest and whitelace around the collar. Finderpleas return to BOURBON NEWSoffice, and receive reward.(20-tf)Housework WantedAn experienced housekeeper desires position with good family inParis. Con furnish excellent references. Call THE NEWS office.Clerks WantedClerks, (men, women), 18 upward, for Postal Mail Service, $135month. Examinations July-August.Experience unnecessary. For treepaiticulars, write J. LEONARD,(former Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.For RentSix-room flat, with bath, gas andelectric lights. All rooms in firstclass condition, and can give immediate possession. Located at 1455South High street.C. N. MARTIN,'Cumberland Phone No. 959.(20-tf)For SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.Wantedman to learn the expressMust furnish good refer-Yoangbusiness.ence.AMERICAN RAILWAY EXPRESSCO., C. E. COLLIVER, Agent.(It)ANNOUNCEMENTS.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1921.When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTSMrs. James Rankin sustained anumber of cuts and bruises Fridaywhen the maehine she was drivingturned turtle over a slight embankment near Xalapa Farm, on theNorth Middletown road. She wastaken to her home on the Harrod'sCreek road, where her injuries weregiven medical attention.A car in which S. R. Hudnall andMiss Lina Crowe, both of Paris,were riding collided with a cardriven by a Mr. Woods betweenSharpsburg and Flemingsburg lastweek. The Hudnall car was overturned. Miss Crowe sustainedslight cuts and bruises. Wood andHudnall escaped injury. The Hudnall car was slightly damaged.Attractive ResidencePublic AuctionTuesday, July 27, 1920,On the Premises, on Cypress Street, at 10 O'clock a. m.we will sell on above day and date, the handsome home of Mr. StanhopeWiedemann.Lot contains eight acres of ground, beautiful lawn with circulardriveway in front of house, shade trees, flower and vegetable gardens,new storage ond laundry house, new garage, stable and corn crib, chicken yard, servants' quarters, cistern at rear door. One of the most elegant homes in the city.House is a substantial two-story brick, with every modern convenience. Interior finish in white enamel, high ceilings beautifully finished, mantels, electric lights, gas and hard wood floors. Handsome li-v.T."n-irTnvirr nnp hpd room, large dining room, reception hall and(breakfast room on first floor, and four elegant bedrooms, andsecond floor.Complete bath on both floors, presses throughoutstorage and large pantry.An ideal home for the most fastidious. Could not be duplicatedfor twice what it cost the owner.Sale positive and without reserve. Terms made known on day ofsale. vAt same time and place will sell a lot of farm implements, including manure spreader, grain drill, farm wagon, buggy, springwagon, harness, etc., kitchen utensils, glass cars, crockery, white enamel sanitary Favorite Range Stove, etc.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRISu , v f JRcal -Estate Dealers,Pris,Ky.' 'Office in Farmers & Traders Bank Building.(20july-3t)T, V , , .:..,-.., w ,hall onthe house, cold-OUR CLOSING OUTSALE GONTINUES!Hundreds of people are taking advantage this goingout of business sale daily. Are you one of them? Youhad better stop and think of the chance that we are offering on nice, clean, up-to-date merchandise.Read our prices carefully and see for yourself if youcan duplicate them.JUST A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS50c Dress Ginghams at - 29cMotor Cloths worth $1.00 at 69C$1.25 Motor Cloth for : . 89c3.50 Georgettes, closing out sale $ 1.98Crepe de Chenes, $3.50 value at $1,98One lot of Dress Goods, $1.50 to $2.25 value, to close at.. 79cOne lot of 30c Towels at 2 1 CWhite Goods at 39C-59-73C-97CA saving of from 15c to 50c on the yard.Hosiery is reduced greatly.Millinery and Ready-to-Wear Goods have been reduced awaybelow cost to close them out.'?We have a beautiful line of Dresses at.$19.75A line of Dresses at $29.50 and $39.50That can't be duplicated for double the price.. vCome and investigate for yourself!HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYlUMJMfflMMMWhyNottatf$Si , iJ.'Best?AutomaticRefrigeratorsAre.c- .vi"if.VTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36mPARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND HANIMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking7hi!' JVh--. 'VN, fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JTJLTv.2t,;iJ20' tPBEDICTS COX'S ELECTION ' COUNTY PLANNINGThat Gov. Cox "will be elected thenext President of the United States,Is a prediction made by a formerBourbon county man, P. W. Weslfall, of Indianapolis, who is visitingrelatives in Bourbon county.Mr. West fall is one of the leadingmembers of the Indianapolis labororganization, and says that a largeper cent, of the workmen are forCox and Roosevelt,- BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andegfs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St, opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)Miss Nellie Gillispie has supervision of all educational and welfare work among the 600 deaf muteemployes of the Goodyear RubberCompany.The bright business man, andfarmer of to-day is not satisfiedwith just hustling for his own business. He knows that to reach thelimit of expansion there must be agrowth of prosperity all over hisneighborhood. He consults withother business men and they lay outplans to develop their country.They help farmers who need loansto get them. They arrange fordemonstrations of scientific argiculture. They work to improve stock,and encourage people to keep morefarm animals. The production ofmany counties can be doubled in afew years by sysematic promotion.Could we not do it here in Bourboncounty ?oTHE IDEAL TONIC AEGO-PHOS-PHATE.The world's greatest tonic forlassitude and all run-down anaemicconditions. It just puts pep into thewhole system. "It's the best tonic Iever used," says a Boston physician.Dispensed by Brooks & SnappDrug Co.(july20-aug!7)IOPPORTUNITYIn the past year there hasbeen one hundred and twentyone REO TRUCKS sold inFayette County,Bourbon County has an equalopportunity for next year.We are looking for a liverepresentative.Write or call us.KITTRELL & CALLAWAYREO DISTRIBUTORSLEXINGTON, KY.16-4LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.Vfe can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor, carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.LvP JmL.MEMINOTED EDUCATOR DEAD.Col. William G. Kable, presidentand principal of the Staunton Military Academy, at Staunton, Virginia, died suddenly there Tuesday.Col. Kable was one of the bestknown educators and. military tacticians in the country. His school atStaunton has graduated many students who gained fame as militarymen.The news of Col. Kable's deathwas received here in a message toClarence Ealdwin, who was a student at the Academy the past season, Lucien Arnsparger, WalterKenney, Jr., from Paris, also attended the Academy.oAUTO MEN HEAR NEW STATELAW EXPLAINEDExplanation of the new Statelaws relating to automobiles andgarages will be given here bySpecial Tax Agent Leon Smith, whowill visit all the garages and automobile establishments, and informall the dealers of the pro-visions ofthe law, and ask their co-operationUnder the new act the dealerslicense tags are only good for demonstration and display, and not foruse about the city. The new licenselaw goes into effect on December1, and will be strictly enforced, Mr.Smith declares. He is m charge ofthe .field work in the AutomobileTax Department.o-MOTHER!"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)PRESENTED WITH LEGIONHONOR CROSS.OFPresentation of the "Cross ofOfficer of the Legion of Honor," a.French medal, to Lieut. Col. Lindsey Blayney, native of Frankfort,Ky., and until the beginning of thewar a membei of the faculty ofCenter College, Danville, has beenannounced by the War Department.The formal presentation took placeat Houston, Texas, where Lieut.Col. Blayney and his family noware residing. Col. Blayney has received five decorations. Col. Blayney married Miss Gertrude South, ofFrankfort, a frequent visitor at thehomes of Paris people.oCOSTS MORE TO DIEFollowing up the increased cost ofliving, it now costs more to die anda little bit more to be buried. Quiterecently the Paris Cemetery Co. announced a raise in prices for singlelots and for digging graves. Nowcomes the Colored Cemetery Co.with an announcement of a simil?rimport. On account of their inability to enlarge the cemetery bypurchase of more ground, they havt,advanced the price of single gravesfrom $7.00 to $3 0. Alive, dying ordead, there is always the clutchinghand of old Hi Cost extended.ASPIRIfJame "Bayer" on Genuine( Utf lr! i rrf?"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache. Toothache. Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Fain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)oWesley's Physical Toughness.Spare diet and constant exercise Inthe keen morning air helped to endowWesley with that amazing physicaltoughness which enabled him, wheneight-five years old, to walk six milesto a preaching appointment and declare that 'the only sign of old agehe felt 'was that "he could not walknor run quite so fast as he once did."W. H. Frlchett In "Wesley and HICountry."o, Literal Truth.On a crowded transport going toFrance, the men had to sleep wherethey could find room. One of them,lying on the deck, sild to bis buddy:"Talk about your hardship! 1 'Thisis thenardest ship I was ever on,BUICK cars are the result of twentyyears of consistent and reliable motorcar building built thoroughly by scientific processes which have stood the grilling tests of time and endurance.Each model is an expression of everlastingbeauty, comfort and durability, bringingto each owner that complete satisfactionof ownership for which Buick cars havebecome so famous.PRICESModel K-44 - $1595.00Model K-45Model K-46Model K-47Mode! K-49Model K-50$1595.00$2235.00$2465.00$1855.00$2895.00T.O.te. Fhnt, Mich.Prices Revised April 1, '20The pleasing results that have been attained by over five hundred thousand'Buick cars in operation has so greatlyincreased the publics, demand for Buickproduct that those who are looking forward to Buick ownership should placetheir orders early and avoid any possibledelay in desired delivery.B-49Wlieri better automobiles are built, Buick will build themThe C. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts."DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out:Doubles Its Beauty.C?;NfN-Vy .-W i"-j -r- y r -y i -y t - 5 kcj 1 11P rill ' - fi - . ?c? -v- VJ-.i iCC-To-i """"A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)BRIGHTER-EVENINGS4W&kV$GJWJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home1 was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inoornattd)nTvnos; DISTANCE IETJO'."-"- T--yIf you knew (hcl most everything in ycur rii " 1 3 z v - '. . . f 1 - . r.House iiL! a 10 ue iuUi.c cvr. xi 2iirs yuvould it' you wre v3- 1-y zxlc. cno-foiir-teenthof the cost every vcr, to be used in replacing the Si?.irs, wiudc-ivs :i ether partsYvken they wore out.II you vere renting- i?:2t house to someone-else, you would have to cl.r.iira enough rent toprovide that oae-fourtecntli c year, besidest'ixes, insurance, current or temporary repairsaiid Interest.That is exactly "what iho telephone company"xaust do if it is to stay in business permanentlycharge enough for its service to provide eachyear's quota of this rebuilding money, besidesall other expenses.That constant tvearir.s out is "depreciationand the annual qucta to meet it is the "depreciation reserve" and it is just as necessary,as the vages for the coir.-any's employees!"At Your Service."Paris Home Telephone and Telegr aph Co.( In norn n-rn r orl 1J. J. Vealch, Dist. Mgrr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.12Z3S33LSjrgy-reTrairTttsrezi-ArAttention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Arc in the Market forYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleaeant Street"--i. "" 'FTTUESDAY, JULY 20, 1920TUB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYX VVICTIMSCUEDjQdrey, 1-ver, bladder and uric acidtroub'es are most dangerous because of their insidious attacks.Heed th3 first warning they givethat they need attention by takingG& MEDALSUmiER SCHOOL HELD BY COLORED TEACHERS.,. f -v-t' ' 5 s'-inds.rd remedy for thess("isori " v':' "t"a v.vt-d off these dis-sVs ri s:ren7thin tlv bod7 againstfertr.-r stacks. Three size?, ail druggists.u fc7 ia nsa:; GaM KfeU on rory bex11 asd ftccop: io imitmiioaMight Charge the Valet.A South Wales miner charged withtrapping birds was found to be wearing three coats. As this might havebeen due to an oversight on the partof his valet it was not included in thecharge. Punch. London.A successful Summer School, tocontinue five weeks, has been inaugurated in Paris, conducted byteachers of the colored schools ofParis and Bourbon county, in conjunction witlf teachers from severalof the surrounding counties. Thework being undertaken is of a very,high order, and much enthusiasmis being manifested. The attendance is above the average usuallypresent at similar meetings.Instruction in primary methodsis being given by Mrs. Hill, of Indianapolis, a specialist in educational teaching. Mrs. Lillian J.Brown,' of Indiana, is specializing inthe teaching of history, and theteaching along this line is of theadvanced rank. Work in agricultureis being conducted under the supervision of Andrew D. Owens, Supervisor of Colored Schools of Montgomery county. The departmentof Home Economics is in charge ofGene White, who has done creditable work at Hamilton Institute.Physical training is being looked after by F. A. Taylor. The teachersand Prof. F. M. Wood, principal ofthe Western High School, in thiscity, are working to advance thecause of education among their people.'illiilillfeim&jrWmm (mi JAn ExtensionTelephoneThe Essence ofConvenienceaSET ME RIGHTTWO YEARS AGOLouisville Man Says He Has HadSplendid Health ince TanlacEnded His Troublesone"You may put me down asLouisville man who will alwayspraise Tanlac, for it setf me righttwo years ago and has kept me infine shape ever since," said W. T.Carmen, 442 South First street,Louisville, Ky., in conversationwith a special Tanlac representativerecently."Before I got Tanlac," he continued, "I had suffered from indigestionfor twenty years, and during thattime I had many acute attacks thatrendered me unfit for work for several weeks at a time. My stomachseemed to be weak and upset nearlyall the time, and after every meal Isuffered from a sour gas that formed on my stomach. Then severalyears ago I was taken down with aspell of typhoid fever that left mein a badly run-down condition, andmy stomach in a worse shape thanever. My liver became sluggish, Iwas constipated all the time andhad that tired, worn-out feeling.My joints were stiff and every bonein my body seemed to ache, and Ialso suffered from bronchial trouble."Following my usual custom oftrying everything I heard of, when Isaw Tanlac advertised I bought abottle, and after taking about halfof the first bottJe I knew I had atlast struck the right medicine, forthere was considerable improvementin my condition. I stuck right toTanlac until my troubles completelyleft me and I felt like a new man.Since that time, two years now, Ihave made it a rule to take a bottleof Tanlac about every six months totone up' my system, and it keeps mein fine shape. I eat just anything Iwant at any time and never have anache or a pain. So I can testify toboth the immediate and lasting resalts that come from Tanlac, and Iam glad to make a public statementfor what it may be worth to otherswho are needing such a medicine."Tanlac is sold m Paris at the Peoples Pharmancy.(adv)oTHE INSURANCE MANHousekeeping is more complex than everbefore, and the housewife is surely entitled toevery convenience that will lighten the bur'den. Nothing brings more comfort than anextension telephone on the other floor. Iteliminates tiresome stair climbing and addsto the pleasure of every member of thefamily.The cost is only a few cents a week.Call the Manager's office today.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedCOURTESY PROM MOTORISTSThere is among motorists a general disposition to turn on the dimlights when meeting a fellow traveler on the highway. But sometimesthere is a persistent doggedness thatwaits for the other man to makethe initial overture. It has beenthe experience of the writer thatsuch a courtesy meets with a readyresponse from nearly all motoristsand certainly it adds to the pleasureof motoring by night.But there is a greater reason thancourtesy for the dimming of lightson the highway. Several deathshave ben caused in Kentucky inthe test few months from the blinding of one driver by the glaringheadlights of another automobilesweeping downward from the crestof a hill, such as adds to the attractiveness of travel through theState, or around a horse shoe curve.More often still serious accidentshave been avoided only by one driver stopping his car until the blinding glare of the other was behindhim. The danger from this sourceis greater than from speeding acrossthe open country, and ordinarycourtesy is its solution.SAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material inpoor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyea."Easy directions iri package."FREEZONE"Lift Off Corns! No Pain!w2f32The community should appreciatethe service given it by the men inthe insurance business. They are aforce always working for fire prevention. They warn property owners of hazardous conditions. Theyagitate for Clean-Up Days and othermovements to get rid of inflammable rubbish. They protest againstfire traps. Fires cost high. Youpay in taxes, in insurance premiums, in losses not covered by insurance. The man who owns no buildings, and pays no taxes, yet pays forfire costs in his rent. Also the insurance man persuades a lot of improvident men to provide for theirfamilies by life insurance. You maydodge around the coiner to get ridof an insurance solicitor, and lateryou or your family may regret U.Incidentally it could be remarkedthat the insurance man is greatlyassisted in his work of communityservice by advertising his excellentproposition in THE BOURBONNEWS.Doesn't huit a bit! Drop a little"Freezone" on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cent3,sufficient to remove every hard corn,soft corn, or corn between the toes,and the calluses, without sorenessor irritation.(adv-T-tf)oLUSITANIA LIFE BELT PICKEDUP IN RIVER.gjiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimWilliam K. Hagan (.onA P-C HITEC TS CS E Ni X N E E R.FIE.."T NATIONAL BANKXPAR.U. KY.llllll!IUIIIIIIIIIIinillllll!illllllllllllllllilllltllllllllllllllll!lIHXIsXiEH:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERALNDIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Comer Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.xSAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package.""-""a .. ......(..!-GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITENXKiVBourbon Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors 1West Fifh StreetATelephone No. 4ifr"F ju&fkixHPSSWI&SiBkwi tIshHLU'tH I PmrtiF&V".l-wi'tak JgsV" - flW$P?T7tBtf3?fr?M&&&?r Hl,gL i.Ml Ml I UN!OUR WATCHWORD! 1With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Make Lemon Lotion to Double ?I Beauty of Your Skin ?;Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonbleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft.clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T)oKingtehchen an Ancient City.Kingtehchen is one of the four largest towns of China. Technically it isnot a city; It is a town, because ithas no wall. In reality it is a busyIndustrial city, with a population of300,000. Two-thirds of the people aredirectly engaged in the manufactureand sale of porcelain and pottery.Historically it dates back to the Handynasty, 200 A. D. It is during thisperiod that we find the first recordsof the production of porcelain inChina, though earthenware vesselswere probably produced some centuries earlier.1miThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, Kentucky X.AThe Eye of the Cat.As showing how widely the permanently hlue eyes of cats differ fromother eyes, It is noted that immediately the ees of white cats that are tohave permanently blue eyes open theyshine bricrht red in the dark. No oth-A life jacket, silent remembranceof the tragic sinking 'of the Lusilania five years ago, and bearing astrand of faded blonde hair, waspicked up last week in the Delaware River.The name of the ship the Germans torpedoed still remained,clear and distinct, on the wavebeaten canvas, which had beenadrift on the seas throughout threeyears of war and two of peace.The life jacket, which vas foundby two railroad detectives, was covered with slime and seaweed, withone arm-strap broken. On one sidewere the words, "life belt," and onthe other, in large black letters, theinscription, "Lusitania."oThe Unanswered Question.Once we were young and now weare older, but never yet have we metanyone who had found a good answerto the question as to why the spirit ofmortal should be proud. Dallas News., oFirst Dally Newspaper.The first dally newspaper In theworld Is said to have been establishedby a woman, Miss Elizabeth Mallette,In London, March, 1702. She published and edited the Daily Courant,which she founded for the purpose ofdoing greater justice for women.:Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.e IzxtdeStarting Slighting Batteryis a FIGHTING BATTERY'During the war it was used as auxiliary power on -UncleSam's big battleships, for turret turning, forgun firing, for wireless and. for many other vitalpurposes.It is a fighting battery, indeed, all the time, inpeace vas well as war. It is fighting the starting and light-ing battles of motorists all over the country; fightingthem and wimiing them.An "SExibe" Battery in your car will put a sturdy,willing and dependable power supply behind yourstarting and lighting system. It will do for youexactly what it is doing for hundreds of thousandsof other car owners, making CCA Sure Start insured"a proved fact.Let us show you why.Bourbon Exide Service Station209 Main Street ' Telephone 307I . wV3BSfMHf"WIW"H""'Iglllgggggg!mwwMzwswzwz-TxwwmmMIced TeaGrape JuiceCanned MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandI Green VegetablesBoth PhonesFree DeliveryWANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a bur3t of song, the crash of abands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the deep pulsatingvoice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. TheClaxtonola will do all of this for you, and so naturally thatyou have but to close your eyes and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETmimdim.faM...PK.a3umm..IOPP. COURT HOUSEliifisinlPliiaiglilP.ISllgiissA SURE TIPPut Your Money on One of OurSuits and YOU CANT LOSE?You'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Valuesat$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear"SAVE THE DIFFERENCEStock Summer CteihesffTWIN BHOS.9 CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor.rt a.-v--?4S-,,-1 er colored eye does this.:WV3:M:3i - ',' " ' L-- f-.-eK;&ir1 1X-r':c.-V--''"-" "V1PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKYJNKXERCIAL CLUB SENDS SPECIAL DELIVERY NOTICESIhr connection with the Paris Comaarcial Club membership drive,mMih begins Thursday, special dearer notices were sent yesterdaymerchants in Paris. THE NEWSKT like to suggest that the Clubup for consideration better tel-'gfeone service and repair of Mainstreet. The letter sent out yester-cfe-follows:" Paris, Ky., July 19, 1920.rou have doubtless heard of theeeratly organized Paris CommercialCJtefc, and of the drive for memberaftgfp which occurs on Thursday of1&& week. The writer personallymrges you to be present at the-CornierCourt room on Tuesday, July 20,at $ p. m.f for the purpose of perfecting the organization for thedrire."Don't thiow this aside and say,f-3ts no use, it's been tried before.v VMATRIMONIAL.TUESDAY, JULY 'If, Iftff ---. , K EEES-S-BESBEtm, IMITCHELL WILLS.Ed. J. Wills, 26, of Cincinnati,and Miss Violet Mitchell, 21, ofCynthiana, were granted a marriagelicense Saturday by County ClerkPearce Paton. They were afterward married at the residence ofthe officiating minister, Kev. J. T.Sharrard, on South Main street. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Wills left for Cincinnati, wherethey will reside.LISLE SENTER.The wedding of Miss MildredLisle, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D.C. Lisle, of near Paris, and Mr. Wm.Wendell Senter, of Bristol, Va., andj Hazard, Ky., will be solemnized thisInftArnnnn at tbp. rpsidfttipp nf thp.Ceme and do your part, and we wm . brid Select's sister, Mrs. White Vara.ave a real live club that will . ac-den on Vine street. Only the imMiplish much good. Can you thin mediate relatives will be present atoT any needed things that might be lhe ceremony which will bo per.accomplished by united action? formed by Rev w. E- Ellis pastorSow would better telephone service Qf the paris christian church. Afamd a more wholesome water supply ler the wedding. the bridal pair willo for a starter? Indivdual com- leave for a honeymoon trip in thejplainls have failed to produce re- E .salts. The efforts of the commu- ,aSty as a whole led by such an orga- , nAVTfixation as the Commercial Club SCRIVNER DAVIS,proposes to be will produce resultf Miss Lola Scrivner and Mr.aSong this and other lines, and make Quinn C. Davis, both prominentZlHris a better town to live in. Come poung people of Irvine, were mar4 the Couit House at 8:00 p. m., ried Friday morning at ten o'clock.Tuesday, July 20, and show you are at the home of the officiating min-THE ALAMO AND PADM tfiDAKIH II AJ:..:;Aduit27cpIu..3cwt cII ! Children and Galltry ISc plu 2c war tax3cTODAY, TUESDAYGLADYS BROCKWELLIN"The Mother of His Children"A tale of the East and West in whichmother-love regenerates the tempestuoussoul of an Arabian princess.Also WILLIAM DUNCANin "The Silent Avenger"and Prizma Color PictureTomorrow. WednesdayTOM MIXtiINThe Cyclone"- BRIM FULL OF THRILL ANDTHROBS!Colonel Totf hunter Marigold's story ofthe Canadian Northwest Mounted Police.Also J U ANITA HANSENin the 12th episode of '"THE LOST CITY"And "Topics of the Day"Thursday, July 22ndBRYANT WASHBURNIN"Too Much Johnson"He sold his mother-in-law for $5,000.But before the deal was finished you'll jsay he earned the money. A picture that !rocks with fun. Directed by DonaldOnsp. From the popular play of the samename by William Gillette.alsoA Sunshine Comedy'SHOULD DUMMIES WED'And Vod -a - Vil MoviesGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningi -- -DEATHS.3or a better and bigger Paris."JOHN T. COLLINS, President."ister, Rev. Dr. J. W. Porter, in Lexington. Air. and Mrs. Davis came toParis, Friday afternoon, and -wereguests at the Hotel Windsor untilSaturday noon, when they returned to Irvine.They were accompanied by Mr.Robert Scrivner. brother of theBARGAINS IN HAMMOCKS.We have a few Couch Hammocks (eft in stock that can!e DOUght at a liberal (IIS- bride, and Miss Fay Poland, both ofcount. Better call early.A. T. WHEELER & CO.Tnne29-tf)' Irvine, and Mr. M. A. Jones, of Lex-ington. The bride is a daughter ofa prominent physician of Irvine,'and is an attractive and popularivouns woman. Mr. Dais is chiefNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC clerk for the L. & N. railroad, withI will not be responsible for any headquarters at Irvine,dabis or accounts made by anyone, j The following announcementor charged to me, or to my account, ' cards were sent out from Paris, Saturday:"Dr. and Mrs. J. F. Scrivens announce the marriage of their daughter, Lola, to Mr. Quinn C. Davis,July sixteenth, nineteen hundredand twenty, at Lexington, Kentucky. At Home after July twentieth, at Irvine, Kentucky.""without a written order.CHAS. O. MARTIN, joTEE WIEDEMAim HOME ATAUCTION. TUESDAY. JULYJULY 27, AT 2 O'CLOCKThe attractive residence of Mr.stanhope Wiedemann, on CypressStreet, and 8 acres of land will besold at auction on Tuesday afternoon, July 27. Sale starts at 10:00a. m. and residence will be sold at"31 o'clock. Also at the same time amanure spreader, grain drill, farmwagon, buggy, spring wagon, kitchen utensils, glass jars, crockery,white enamel Sanitary FavoriteJRange Stove, etc., will be sold.This is one of the most desirableiomes in Paris and is going to besold without reserve.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.DESIRABLE MODERN COTTAGEAT AUCTION. WEDNESDAY.JULY 28.We will sell one of the most up-to-dateand desirable modern bungalows in Paris, when we offer theelegant Bruesaw home at the cornerof Sixteenth and High streets, onWednesday, July 28, at 2 o'clock.This bungalow was built by Mr.John Arkle and everything is firstclass.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,(20-3t) Agents.MERZE.Sallie J. Merze, aged .nine years,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. RobertMer?e, residing on Marshall street,died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, at three o'clock,Sunday morning, of appendicitis.She i& survived by her parents, twobrothers and one sister. Thefuneral will be held at two o'clockthis (Tuesday) afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. B. F. Orr.CAMERON.Mrs. Sallie Cameron, agedthirty-four, died Friday night ather home on the Jackstown pike,near Paris, after a short illness.Mrs. Cameron was the wife of IsaacMiddleton. Besides her husband sheis survived by her father, two childdren, four brothers and two sisters.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon with services conducted at thegrave in the Millersburg Cemetery,by Rev. Wm. Morton, pastor of theMillersburg Presbyterian church.aEEkSHE VyTyJy cfc2 ffityTswi ffi?? nrvStarted Saturday, Jul7thDiscount Sales ForTWO WEEKSThis Includes Everything, Such AsCoal Oil Stoves and Ovens;Ranges;Gas Stoves and Ranges;Kitchen Cabinets;Congoleum Rugs, 9x12;Axminster and TapestryRugs, 9x1 2;6x9 and 9x12 Crex Rugs;Straw Mattings;'Buffets;China Closets;Dining Tables;Kitchen Tables;Dining Chairs;Parlor Furniture;Bed Room and Hall Furniture; Porch Swings;Porch Shades;Parlor Lamps;Pictures;Porch Furniture;Mirrors;And numerous other things.Give Us a Call and Be Convinced That This is aGENUINE BARGAIN SALEE. M. WHEELERr jCorner Eighth and Main StreetsPARIS, KENTUCKYGIBSON,Mrs. Bettie Payne Gibson, agedabout seventy years, died at herhome in Dayton, Ohio, last week, after a short illness of a complicationof diseases. Mrs. Gibson was thewidow of the late Mr. A. B. Gibson, and resided in this city formany years. Her husband was employed at the monumental works ofthe late Mr. W. A. Hill. Mrs. Paynewas a daughter of Mr. WilliamPayne, of Millersburg, and a sisterof Mrs. Charles J. Lancaster, ofParis, both of whom preceded her tothe grave many years ago.Mrs. Gihson is survived by twodaughters, Miss Iva Gibson, who resided at the family home in Dayton,and Mrs. Alice Gibson Smith, residing in Chicago. The funeral andinterment took place in Dayton.LENOX.Tne body of James Lenox, agedtwenty-three, formerly a resident ofthis city, who died in the GeneralHospital, in Cincinnati, Fridaymorning, from the effects of injuriesreceived in a fall from the Balewin building, in Cincinnati, wasbrought to Paris, Friday afternoon,and taken to the home of his parent, Air. and Mrs. Joseph Lenox, onSouth Main street.The funeral was held from thefamily home Saturday afternoon, atthroe o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of theParis Methodist church. The burialfollowed on the family lot in theParis Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere: Chas. Throckmorton, HansonWest, Harold Harp, William Rowland, Eiyan Doty, Grant Samuels,Elmer Newman and Newton Arnold.Mr. Lenox was a member of Bourbon Council, Junior Order of United American Mechanics, the members of which attended the funeralin a body. He was for many yearsin the employ of the Louisville &Nashville at this point, moving oCovington several months ago,where he obtained employment witha large construction firm. While atwork on 'the Baldwin building nearthe entrance of Eden Park, he madea misstep, falling four stories to theground "below, his skull being fractured, both arms broken, and otherserious injuries sustained.WHALE Y.Following an illness of severalmonths duration, due to the infirmities of ege, Wm. H. Whaley. agedabout eighty-four, one of the best-known residents of Paris, died at'his honiL' on the Lexington pike,near this city, Friday morning.Mr. Whaley was born in Pennsylvania, but came to Kentucky withliis parents at an early age. He became engaged in farm work, andfor many years resided on a farm,near Clintonville. For the largerpar of a long and useful life he wasengaged in farming and stock raising, in which he continued activelyuntil the infirmities of age compelled his retirement. Mr. Whaley wasa gallant member of the NineteenthKentucky Infantry, in the Confederate service during the Civil War,going through the entire four yearsof that strife and emerging with aclean and honorable record as a soldier and man. His death leaves butone member of the famous Orphan'Brigade now living in Bourboncounty, Mr. -Lot Young, of Paris.Mr. Whaley's wife, who, beforeher marriage was Miss NannieWells, preceded him to the graveten years ago. He is survived oyfive daughters, Mrs. Rosa Leeds,Miss Elizabeth Whaley, of Bourboncounty, Mis. Jennie Saunders, ofParkersburg, West Va., Mrs. LaceyClarke, of Lexington, tand Mrs WjG. Stevens, of Chillecothe, Ohio,and three sons, Charles, Williamand Clarence Whaley, all of thiscounty.The funeral was held at the family home Sunday atterncon ac tnreeo'clock, with services conducted byRev. C. H. Greer, pastor of the ParisMcithodist church. The interment!BURNING RUBBISH CAUSES HUEBurning rubbish in the rear ofthe Paris Eaking Cos place of business, on Main street, set Are Friday afternoon to the rear stairwayat the plumbing establishment ofThos. W. Spicer, adjoining. Theprompt arrival of fire departmenttook place an the family lot in tne v TJ , A i Ui n. QeParimentParis Cemetery. The commit !ublued,the n?mes and Preventedservices at the grave were in charge ,Iurtner iOSS. 0I Property.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanof . his former comrades-in-armsmembers of the local Camp of Confederate Veteians, survivors of thedays when they were a band of devoted soldiers fighting the. cause ofthe South.SPECIAL" SCHOOL ANNOUNCEMENT.A copy of an emergency call wasreceived here Saturday by CountySuperintendent of Schools J. B. Cay-wood, from State SuperintendentGeorge Colvin, in which it wasstated that no teacher in the CitySchools can teach unless they holda State certificate or a State NormalSchool certificate.Superintendent Caywood announces that a special examinationwill be held in his office on August6 and 7 for the purpose of givingevery teacher an opportunity toqualify in this respect. All teachers are asked to note this.FALSE ALARM AGAIN.Someone with a peculiar sense ofhumor pulled Box 23 at the cornerof Lylesville and Eighth streetsyesterday morning. The fire department responded, but could findno evidences of fire in the neighborhood. The joker or jokers escaped detectio-n.RELIGIOUS.Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch, occupied the pulpit at thei morning and evening service Sun-!day, in the Georgetown ChristianATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and the churchlumber supply is far below the Rev. w. e. eihs, pastor of thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.anr2-tf)raris unnstian cnurcn oegan aJ series of revival meetings last nightat the Providence Christian church,in Fayette county, to continue eachnight through the week.HAIL INSURANCEInsure your trowing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)PAINTSANDVARNISHESWe have just put in a completeline ofJohnson'sCincinnatiPaints andVarnishesGuaranteed to be the best thatmoney can buy. And a little bitcheaper than the other fellow'sbest.Pure Linseed Oil and Tupentine at special prices.Give us a call.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsBoth Phones Paris, Ky.(?IgY AND TO-IV90RROWThe Supreme Valise-Giving EvesiS:of this Money-Savin;icyr- r , . I ''i 11a& . .a u 3 K! H 3 Bi& $ 5Wi&mEWiz.n Ji m ?a (vx kv. m ai1 1 nil yW k'-J& iFf CMw hism msOur entire stock to be disposed of regardless of cost orvalue.Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps!of the highest quality marked down from 20, 30and 40 on the dollar.Just a Few of the Many Wonderful Shoe BargainsEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES 0 AWLReduced to wOb T WBeautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.ATURDAYS3.95$6.50-$7.00 GRADESReduced toNewest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.$5.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's $1.50 and $2.00 SlippersOn Sale at $1-00See Bargain Counters !$8.00 to $9.00 GradesReduced to$4.95Brown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlyGreatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.BOYS' AND GIRLS' FOOTWEAR!Buy at this sale at cut prices and save 25to 40 per cent.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign1--4x-.t.SAjtAy. - jv 'f "" (V ' -WtlUJi"jr .--v-K-i