r - V-"---'j-'ATHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY JN THE YEAR.n4vV?4VOLUME XLPARIS. BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1920MG. 0. P. AGAINST REDUCTION OFSTATE TAX EATE.House Democrats put the Republican majority squarely on record asopposed to reducing the State taxrate Tuesday afternoon and took advantage of the occasion they hadjmade to drive home the point witha quotation from the EepublicanState piatform.The occasion was created by aminority report in favor ob givingits first reading to the Thompson"bill to reduce the tax rate on realestate from 40 to 20 cents, on whichthe majority of the Committee onRevenue and Taxation acted unfavorably. Representative J. H.Thompson, of Bourbon, its author,and Representatives Swope, Hupiphrey, Harding and Wheeler aremembers of e the committee andjmade it necessary to report it,instead of allowing it to die in committee. Thompson moved to substitutethe minority for the majority opinion and delivered a 45-minute speech'in favor of his motion.The minority report was voteddown 45 to 25, with much explaning of votes. Representative Lawrence, Republican, voted for it, declaring that Republican speakersduring the campaign had promisedit.Another Thompson bill to assessintangible property 30 cents andbank deposits 10 cents for localschool purposes, was killed on themajority report of the same committee, but no roll call was demanded.PICTURE PROGRAM ATAND GRAND.ALAMOTo-day, Friday, February 20Margaret Fisher", in "The Hellion;"Pearl White, in "The Black Secret;"Mutt & Jeff Comedy, "Down StairsAnd Up."Tomorrow, Saturday. February,at the Alamo, afternoon and evening H. B. Warner, in "The GreyWolf's Ghost;" Pollard Copiedy,"Looking For Trouble."Monday, February 23 BryantWashburn, in "Why Sjmith LeftHome;" Charles Chaplin, in his latest million-dollar picture, "A Day'sPleasure;" Burton Holmes TravelPicture.Gregg's Orchestra playing afternoon and evening.oTO ADDRESS HARRISON COUNTYLEGION POST.Memorial servise will be held inCynthiana" next Sunday afternoonby the Stephen B. Whalen Post ofthe American Legion, for all theHarrison county men who died inworld-war. An appropriate program of music and addresses hasheen prepared for the occasion.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, will be one of thespeakers.THE HOSPITAL FUNDeThe $20,000 campaign- for theMassie Memorial Hospital is progresing nicely, with the total nowapproaching 814,000. The balancewill be raised in a short tijme, in the jopinion oi tnose in cnarge, who saythey are now more determined thanever to put the campaign, over to thelimit, and perhaps more.There will be a meeting to-morrownight at 7:30 o'clock in thePeoples-Deposit Bank of the campaign managers and the solicitingcojmmittee, when reports of progressmade will be heard and the workersgiven additional instructions. Allsolicitors who will be unable to attend this meeting are requested toreport to Jos. W. Davis.In spite of the many campaignsand drives which the Bourboncounty people have been called uponto contribute to the response tothis campaign has been very generous. The people feel they are helping a home institution, one thathas been of vast benefit to Paris.If you have not made your subscription to the fund, see one of thesolicitors and get on the "honorroll" at once.Four new nurses have been added to the staff at the Hospital.Two more arrived Wednesday, andthe institution is now prepared totake care of new cases up to the capacity limit. Miss Graves, professional nurse, is in temporary chargeof the hospital, during the absenceof Miss Stephenson, Superintendent,who is in Caswell, Va., where hersister is critically ill of pneumonia.oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSGeorge Wagoner purchased Wednesday of Mrs. James Moreland, hercottage on South Main street, for$2,200. The sale was negotiatedthrough the Paris Realty Co.BASKET BALL GAMES.The boys' and girls' teams of theMaysville High School and the ParisHigh School will meet on the Y. M.C. A. gymnasium floor, in this city,at 7:30 o'clock to-night, Friday,February 20, in a struggle for honors. These teams have met on previous occasions, and proved themselves worthy. The gapne to-nightis expected to be one of the hairraising kind, and a large crowd isexpected to witness the play. Parishas been going strong, and hopesto take the measures of the playersfrom the river towa.The team from the Russell HighSchool, colored, of Lexington, played the team from the Western HighSchool, in this city, last night, butTHE NEWS went to press too earlyto learn the result.Stokley & Jackson, real estateagents of Winchester, sold a houseand lot on Jackson street, in thatcity, to John Daniels, of Bourboncounty, for $2,000. Mr. Daniels willpnove to the property March 1.A DESPERATE SITUATION.The Daily Register is unable toMEXXCw?mlS!)E PAEIS 0N ETCKLEN BUILDING TO BE MZrPEACEFUL MISSION ED; HOTEL ROBABLE."print -more than four nasres tn-rinv ! Attrft ir. to ,,.- i , . .. "for the simple reason that it cannot lean costume, tow bfdt" UTnTAtL'et ttteSb?obtain 6 or 8-page paper rolls. It boots and overcoats, and smokinjr i which will w LVl'ii 7'may be able to print eiirht n tn. the reiniiatinn wJ.1 Sh.?? ' 7?X . V1 be.g1?. -next Monday, oneyy,,. i :-.n "'r -, .? -V" "l"'" luju-auucniu uie Oldest bulletin w and & ?mJ-o f wm -morrow by printing two four-page 'cigarettes, thirty-one Mexicans arsections. The paper situation was rived in this city Tuesday afternoon,never so desperate for the spialluuuntry papers as to-aay. Throughthe kindness of the Winchester Sun,which had a fairly good supply onMrs. Joseph Bales, of Richmond,has sold her beautiful home, "Pinehurst," located on the Maysvillepike, near Lexington, to Mr. andMrs. Craig, of Paris. She will givepossession of the property on March1, when the purchaser will occupyit.Joseph Reffett, of near Paris,purchased through the Paris RealtyCompany, at a private price, thefiame cottage at the corner of Clifton Avenue and Twentieth street,belonging to Edward Stu(mp. Mr.Reffett will move to the propertyabout March 1.Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson purchased of John Duvjall, conductor onthe city car of the Interurban service, his cottage located on NorthClifton avenue, for $2,500. Possession will be given March 1. Mr. Duval 1 bought the home some timeUgo from Mrs. William Tarr.STOCK DESTROYED IN HENDERSON BARNJETRE.Eleven head of stock, corn, hayand farming implements were destroyed in a barn fire at the home ofNealie Tapp, Dixie, near Henderson,Ky. The fire is of unknown origin.The building was insured.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanaFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGPolo Coats" SuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaists. Plain and Fancy Skirts ,FRANK & CO.rLADIES' OUTFITTERS ,A Harrison county buyer recentlypurchased of James Willmott hisfaim of 147 acres, located on theBryan Station pike, near. Hutchison,for $320 an acre. The purchaserwill be given possession March 1,when Mr. WilJjmott will move toLexington to reside.the larger sized naner. The Winchester paper let us have two rollsand t-hat helped a lot.Our Cincinnati paper supplyhouse writes that it does not knowwhen it will be able to get any ofthe larger sized rolls. And it saysfurther that prices are advancingevery day, and it will not be surprised to see news paper sell at 12cents a pound very soon. Fewcountry -papers can pay such pricesand live at present subscriptionand advertising rates. Revenuewill have to be tremendously increased to meet the situation.Just about one year aso webought paper at four cents a poundon a peaceful missionThe men were in care of an interpreter. Thev had hflPn imnnr1here from Laredo, Texas, to workhand, the Daily Register has been as laborers on the Xalapa Farm ofable for the past two weeks to print Edward Simons, by 'the contractingnrm ot Mason & Hanger, who haveJarge amount of prmsfrnptinnwork under way there. They wererecruited for the work through theagency of an employment bureau inLaredo. The party-made the tripfrom Laredo to Paris in chares nf aI ranchman who had a good workingajiuwwuse oi iuexican, Spanish andEnglish. Most of the party carriedtheir wardrobe wrapped about them,while others had their personal effect wrapped in bundles.Arriving here the jmen were placed in seven big trucks from the S.R. Hudnall Taxi Conmany, andtransported to the Xalana Farm.where they will be put to work onand before the war, the. usual the Mason & Hanger contractsprice was about 2V2 cents a poundThey will probably remain there aIt takes about 300 pounds of paper year. Improvements being made onfor the Daily Register to print six-page paper one issue. That meansat 10 cents a pound, the last pricepaid, a cost for white paper alone of$30 a day, or about $750 a month.We're not complaining, but feelthat our loyal readers should knowthe situation that we and everycountry newspaper are facing. We'rewiring every day all over the country to mills and dealers, trying tothe farm consist of a big dam acrossStoner creek, to obtain a spiall lakefor the estate, a light, nower andice plant, and erecting brick build-ings at various locations on the 1,-200-acrefarm.While waiting for the trucks aParis man who thinks he -knowssomething of Spanish, approachedthe men, and saluted them with thequery: "Buenos dias, senor. ComoThrough the Johnson & Lee realestate agency, of Cynthiana, H. C.Clifford,, of Jacksonville, sold to Geo.Withers, forty acres of land nearJacksonville, for $12,000. They alsosold to J. H. Bwalt. for WallaceEmbry, the Parrish homestead, onthe Oddville pike, near Cynthiana,for about- $4,000. 'find some paper. Let's hope ve can'esta Vd?" The man addressed Starrs J n. 3 4. 1 fU 111 14. I aA n V.r nvt nc 1 n-n ... J i:.Jthe Daily Register live at present i "Say, cully, I guess you're using derates. Richmond Register. wrong kind of gab. Down where Icame from e speak Mexican, Texi-Notipp. To Patrons of The News. con and American." He left then.VJThe finm of Harris & Speakes, ofParis, George D. Speakes acting asauctioneer, conducted the publicsale Tuesday afternoon of thehandsome home of Mr. J. H. Collier,in Millersburg. The sale drew .alarge attendance -and the biddiifgwas spirited. The home was purchased for $7,270 by James Martin,of Millersburg. The sale was advertised in several issues of THENEWS.On Wednesday the firjin of Harris& Speakes sold for Mrs. Lelia Dillon, her house and lot located on Ferguson street, to Grant Owsley, for$1,900. The home will be occupiedafter March 1 by Mr. and Mrs. JohnR. Owens and Mr. and Mrs. JackOwsley. On the same day they conducted the public renting in frontof the court house door of Mrs.Emma Isgrigg Jacoby's farm of sixty-sevenacres, located near Paris.The farm was rented to Wm. Breeze,of near Paris, for $33.50 an acre.oATTEND THIS PUBLIC SALE FEBRUARY 28.Attend the sale of live stock,hnnnnhnld and kitchen furniture.nd farming implements at Miss Le- jtitia Clay's, at 10 o'clock, Saturday,February 28. See handbills.(20-3t)DEATH INCORRECTLY REPORTED.Owing to the high cost of paperand other increased costs of producing a newspaper, THE BOURDON NEWS will he forced in thefuture to increase the price of advertising to wiuse wuu uu,ve uuu already been raised on six-months'contracts. We are cojmpelled to advance the price to these customers50 per cent. This will apply onlyto those who have not alreadybeen notified and raised and to apply to those who have regular sixmonths' contracts. This advancewill start with the issue of March2 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS.Through misinformation the papers of Paris, as well as the dailypapers of last week, published anitem noting the death of a twelve-year-olddaughter of Mr. 'and Mrs.Jos. A. Smith, of near Paris. Laterdevelopments disclosed the fact hather death, like that of Mark Twain,wasgeatly exaggerated." Thechild was reported seriously ill,following the death of her twobrothers from influenza, but rallied,and is now improving. At one timethe entire family, with the exceplion of the father, lay seriously illof pneumonia, and their recovery-was despaired of, but they are nowbetter.BUY EARLY.y -.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.o :PASTOR IS "SHOWERED'The women of the Church of theAnnunciation, in this city, gave amiscellaneous "shower" at the rectory, Tuesday afternoon, in honor ofRev. Father Thos. J. Coleman, whohas recently assujmed the pastorateof the church. The affair washeartily enjoyed by all those present. - -During a -delightful social hoarrefreshments of coffee and sandwiches were Berved. The "shower"brought down a large lot of usefularticles sheets, pillow cases, towels, table linen, napery, dresser"c.arfs aluminum ware, etc., besides a purse containing a sum -ofmoney.ThougltyFother Coleman has beenin Paris but a short time, he has already become a favorite with- .-themejmbers of Ms congregation.SPECIAL MEMORIAL SERVICES.The Bourbon Post of the American Legion will hold a special memorial Service in honor of tin- menfrom Bourbon county, who nade thesupreme sacrifice. This service willbe held in the. Opera ITo'ise in Parisat three-thirty p. m. Sunday.The French Government has senta Certificate of Honor to eachfamily, which has been bereaved on account of the war. Thedelivery of these diplomas is thespecial occasion for this meimorialservice. Each family of the dead iscordially invited to be the guest ofhonor at this service. The public isinvited to come and join in makingthis meeting a dignified and nobletribute to those who gave their all,and a mark of our appreciation ofthe respect which the French Government is showing our heroes.The program is as follows:Orchestra Overture.Song America.Opening Reftnarks Dr. J. A. Orr,(Commandant Bourbon County Post.American Legion.)Scripture Reading Rev. C. H.Greer, (Pastor Methodist Church.)Prayer Rev. Aithur Fox, (Pastor Baptist Church.). Lead Kindly Light Special Musical Number by Quartette.The Diplomas and WTiat TheyMean Rev. T. S. Smylie, (PastorPresbyterian Church.)Lest We Forget (Kipling's Recessional), Special Musical Numberby the Quartette."A Tribute to Our Dead HeroesSpeech by Rev. W. E. Ellis, (Pastor Christian Church.)Song star Spangled Banner.Benediction Father T. J. Coleman, (Pastor Catholic Church.)ONE-FOUflTH OFF FURNITURE, ETCUntll the 1st of March we aremaking reductions off 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomfor Spring goods.E. M. WHEELER,Robneet Building.(febl3-4t)BIG COMBINATION SALE; WATCHFOR DETAILS AND DESCRIPTION Look out for the big combinationsale of Paris city property whichwill be held the latter part of thismonth and which will be explainedin full detail, giving each and everypiece of -property special notice soyou will have no trouble in pickingout the piece that will suit you.We are going to offer each andevery piece at the "high dollar."Yoju will make the price and wewill make the deed.Now listen, good people we aregoing to try to deliver some of theseproperties 'from the 1st to the 10thof March, but some of them can notmark for years, will disappear fromthe business section. The buildingwas condemned some time ago bythe Fire Marshal of the State; amdordered torn down. A portion ofThe rear end was torn out sometijme ago. The work will procMtwith a large force of workmen asrapidly as the weather and circumstances will permit. It has beenrumored for sojpe time that thowner, Mr. Edward Simms, willerect a large modern hotel on thfcite of the old structure, also thatthe building would be convertedinto a business house, to be used bythe A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.,who occupy the adjoining building.At any rate, a new pnodern housewill replace the old landmark.The history of the old buildingdates back to 1796, when Paris wasa mere village, and was used for atime as a place of entertainment,as evidenced by publication in an,old Western Citizen of that time. Inthe opinion of many it was erectedat an earlier date. For many yearsit was the home of the late WilliamFicklen, one of the characters ofParis in his day, and as such was an"Old Curiosity Shop," in pnany respects, being filled with many oldrelics and articles of the long ago,which Mr. Ficklen kopt about bim,as souvenirs.Most of the material to be takenfrom .the old building will be usedby Mr. Simms in the constructionof small buildings on his Xalaoa.Farm, near Paris. The old stonefloors m the place will he used inthe construction of fencing, whilethe woodwork will also be utilized.While no word has come fropi Mr.Simms as to what kind of buildingwill be erected on the 3ite. the neo-ple of Paris are in hopes that thehotel proposition will be the onefinally decided on, as it would givethe city a modern, up-to-datehostelry, something badly neededhere.THIPT WEEK ESSAYS.County School Superintendent'J. B. Caywood and the committeehaving in charge the placing ofawards for the best Thrift essayduring the recent campaign, haremade the following awards:David Shanding, Escondida; Alli-rnn Tin i1i-Tir -f Vi faYi TTJ11 frtTl' -- ouu xiaiiun, ui. ix iji,iiiti-xiui ."ue "ilu u"uer au aavs irom jviarcn jsolidated School; Mattie Stewart, ofls!- the Spears Mill School; TaylorWatch next issue of BOURBON Palmer and Margaret Forsyth, ofNEWS for big advertisement giving Kiserton School. David Shandingdescription of property and details Uvas awarded the $5.00 prize for theof sale. sweepstakes essay. The essays wereHARRIS & SPEAKES. jan pronounced excellent by thePARIS REALTY CO. -judges.Iw aaa MaMM MMBWE KNOW HOWOLEIKA TEMPLE TO HOLDSPRINft CARNIVALOleika Temple will hold its Springceremonial to-day, Friday, February 20, at the Masonic Temple, onNorth Broadway, in Lexington. Theexact number of candidates has notbeen determined, but the class willnot be an unusually large one. Thebusiness session will be held Fridayafternoon at 2 o'clock, followed bythe ceremonial session at 2:30o'clock. The program for the evening exercises will consist of a theatre party and the entire lower floor Lat the Ada Meade Theatre has benreserved for" wearers of the fez. -jPresent-Day Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY. NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never Before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced.Ready-to-wear clothes in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think. And themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do recognize the superiority of Stein-Bloch SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices.EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give Youand Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. . The materials are of the veryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standardsfor America's real red-blooded men.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE! -r1AIL"ZZZt ---"--. t -y -S..J! -- r-?lr?s;$OI ,-PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1S2I." tCY;r :-1- f"Let's top it off with aVTOTHING hits theil spot like Chesterfields. Aindtheblend can'the copied it's a secret.No use looking for"Satisfy" anywhere but inGbnterfields.Alligators and Crocodiles.Fourteen feet is about the limit ofSeagth for an alligator, but the croco4Be Is a much larger animal when fullSrawn, specimens 30 feet long beingaet uncommon. Crocodile eggs, whichlave hard shells and look like gooseggs are considered good to eat inc tropics.oi Had the Right Idea.Under Cyrus the Persians had excelISeat sanitary ideas, derived from theEgyptians. In talking with his fatherCyrus received good advice, to the effect that while physicians could curesickness in the army, the better coursewould be not to permit the army toget sick at all. Here was the voicing&f prevention more than five centuriesbefore ChristINTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVEZgxington -ForParis ForLexingtonM. 6:45ransJfc TVL6.00xA.7:208:50A. M.7:15x8:159:45Jk. M.A.A.M.M.a. M. 10:20A. M. 11.60A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05except Sunday.PiM.1:202:504:206:007:209:10JR. M.. M.. M.3fc M. 11:00x) DailyXEHTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYA SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. SeeI 4-3aw TwrKilo rttii oTkrlr icU1CU1 YVlll villi. aiVwrw i&complete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreX. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetTwin Bros.Department StoreJMi and Main Paris, KyTOBACCOCOTTONALL GRADESUS BEFOREYOU BUYTwin Bros.efrartirient Store7ifi f79 lt9 5.W93ChesterfieldTvnrT.TnTcr tt stvtttw tttt?. spttttjtti -" v "trr.U HAIJLKUAJJDUJYL.When the railroads are returnedto their owners March 1, PresidentJ Milton H. Smith will again assumecontrol of the Louisville and Nashville, of which he has been presidentsince 1891 and with which he hasbeen connected since the close ofthe civil war. He is the most remarkable executive in the countryand the L. & N., without him is likeHamlet with the leading characteromitted. He will be 83 next September and is still remarkably preserved and active. His executiveability is only exceeded by his taciturnity, which has been the bane ofnewspaper men, but which has stoodhim well in hand, as he did notthink it everybody's business toknow how the road was managed,and did not yield to what he regarded as idle curiosity.oLATE FOR HELPMrs. Spalding Frankly Admits SheMade Error in First Judgmentof Trutona.LOUIS ViLLE, KY., Feb. 19.Frequently people are loath to admit mistakes that time has provedto he in error, hut here is one instance in Louisville where the partyconcerned is only too glad to admither mistake. She is Mrs. JuliaSpalding, of 3004 West Walnutstreet, a very well-known wojman inher neighborhood."Yes, I'll admit that I did nothave much faith in Trutona becauseI had taken so many different kindsof medicine without gaining relief."Mrs. Spalding said a few days ago."I only decided to try it after Ifound out that it had done so muchgood to some of my neighbors. Now,since Trutcna has done somuch good I am ready and glad topraise it."I didn't have any appetite andmy liver was out of order Consequently I was annoyed with biliousness nearly all the time. I became very weak, too. My nextdoor neighbor advised me to tryTrutona. Well, regardless of thefact that I am getting well along inyears, Trutona has done me a worldof good. I'm sleeping well at nightnow, instead of being restless aswas forpnerly the case. In fact Ihave gained in strength, likewise.After I had taken Trutona a weekI began to notice a marked improvement." Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at Varden &Son's Drug Store. (adv)oI Jew Fishing Opportunities.The fact that good fKh range downto 1.G0U feet open; up hundreds ofthousands of square miles of new fishing grounds, especially off the Britishwestern coasts, off Iceland, and offNewfoundland. With improved netsand tackle fishing will in the futurebe carried on in far deeper water thanit has been in the past.FOE THE CHILDREN.Too much care cannot be exorcisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be p?easant totake, contain no harmful drug andmost effectual in curing their coldsand coughs. Long experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. Itis a favorite with many mothers.(feb-adv)oMany a man's vocabulary is limited to ifs and buts.We all have our limitations.Even the married men cannot servetwo masters.PERIODIC BILIOUS ATTACKSPersons subject to periodic biliousattacks will observe that their appetite fails them just before an attack.TMt is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it is meal time.If they will eat only a light mealand no pieat, their take two ofChamberlain's Tablets the attack'may be avoided. 'J ivCfebradv)good smokeSEES MISTAKEBUT IS NOT TOOPRESIDENT'S "MEMORANDUM?"AN OFFICIAL WARNING.WASHINGTON, Febrauary 19.President Wilson's "memorandum"to the Allies, it now develops, wassomething more than a threat. Itwas a formal and official warningthat if the Allies went ahead, without the consent of the United States,with their plans for settlement ofthe Fiume controversy, the Presidentmight have to consider withdrawingthe Versailles treaty from the Senate. In other words the UnitedStates might withdraw from thetreaty altogether and refuse to bebound by any of its provisions.This statement was made officially here yesterday with the furtherstatement that the American position was outlined not in the natureof a threat, but as a statement of asituation created "not by an, act ofthe American government but by anact of the British, French and Italian premiers" which would place theUnited States in the position, if itwere a party to the treaty of Versailles, subscribing through the pactto rights of sovereignty and otheragreements to which it was opposed.The treaty of Versailles and theAnglo-France-American pact are considered inseparable, so far as thequestion is concerned, and if President Wilson should determine towithdraw the treaty of Versailles, itwould mean that the AmericanFrench pact would be withdrawn atthe same time, it was explained.It was reiterated that on December 9, before Acting Secretary Polkleft Paris the American, British andFrench representatives had agreedupon a settlement of the Adriaticquestion and it was charged thatsubsequently, without consulting theUnited States, the Allied premierssitting at Paris adopted a new agreement which was transmitted to Ambassador Wallace for the approvalof the American government.Would Havj Changed History.One would have said that the mor'momentous event of 1783 was the fallof the Bastile. Yet. on n summer dayof the came yer.r a young artillery officer, bathing in the Saone liver, A7aXseized with cramps and nearlydrowned. If h had Crowned, Napolefon Bonaparte would never have addeda single line J. the history - Europe.. uWho Leads the Crickets?An individual cricket chirps with nogreat regularity when it is by itself,and its chirping is intermittent, especially in the daytime. At night,however, when great numbers of crickets are chirping, the regularity is astonishing; one hears all the cricketsIn a field chirping synchronously,keeping time as if led by the wand ofa conductor.WANTEDDealers in Kentucky, Floyd andClark Counties, Indiana, for theclassy Four and Six Cylinder FivePassenger Piedmont Automobile.See tills wonder at our salesroom,407 E. Broadway. Liberal proposition for live dealers. Cataloguemailed upon request.R. R. Ridgeway & Co.Distributors.LOUISVILLE, KY.Also Distributors for the BeemanFarm TractorsTractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price$975.STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.For SaleA perfectly good coal range. Apply toMRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,Second and Houston Ave.(17-2t)Country Hams WantedBring us your hams. Highestcash price paid. Will take any size.BLUE GRASS CAFE.(17-2t-pd) 418 Main Street.Salesman WantedWanted at once, a good stocksalesman $50 per week or commission. Prefer to have man with car.DUST KETCHER MFG. CO.,(13-3t) Lexington, Ky.FOR RENTDesk room, with use of two telephones, light and heat for desirableparty, at our place of business onMain street. Well located and verydesirable.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.WANTEDYoung lady cashier-bookkeeper.Address, in own handwriting, stating salary wanted."BOOKKEEPER,"Care BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky(10-tf)Home For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstieet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lothas 44 feet frontage, running back150 feet.(6-tf) PATCOMACK.LOST UMBRELLAHas deer horn handle, and silverband, with, initials, "H. C. Kf." Reward for its return to this office.(17-tf)Lost WatchBetween the Citizens' Garage andthe residence of Miss ElizabethGrimes, on Duncan avenue, a goldwrist watch. Finder will be liberally rewarded by returning same tome. ,MISS ANNE M. TALBOTT,151 Duncan, Ave., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 30, Home 374.(17-tf)Used Cars For Sale.Euick Model 1914, touring.Buick Model 1917, touring.Overland Model 1919, roadster.Franklin Model 1915, touring.These are all we have left andpriced for quick sale.T HE McDONALD-GIBSON CO.Citizens' Garage, opposite WindsorHotel. Both Phones 294.Public SaleHousehold and KitchenFurniture, Contractors' Equipment.Having sold jmy place and goingto leave the State, I will offer forsale all my contractors' equipmentand other personal property, consisting of household and kitchenfurniture, etc. Sale will start at 2o'clock p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 28The following articles will be soldwithout reserve or by-bid. Everything mentioned in this sale is infirst-class shape, some as good asnew, and as stated above, the reasonfor selling is that I am leaving theState. Anyone desiring to inspectgoods may do so by calling at myplace at any time before sale:One Universal Woodworker, builtby Ajmerican Saw Machinery Co.,four extra saws, six-inch plane boring attachment and saw. This machine is in good order and is runby 7-horse-powcr Fairbanks-Morsegasoline engine just the thingmany carpenters need;One barn-framing outfit, used oneseason, consisting of two-power boring machine and swing circularsaw, all framed and lined up so allof them can be nsed at the sametime, same extra belting;One power grinding stone, fixedfor hand or power;One gasoline engine, 1-h. p., Fairbanks-Morse;One concrete block machine, withseveral different design faces, about500 palletts for same, all in good6hfpe;One Triple A floor surfacing machine, a good one;One lot shovels, all kinds;One lot good post lammers;One concrete tamper;One large sand screen;One step-toe mortise machine;Two Starrett leveling instruments, just the thing for staking offbuildings and runnings lines. Oneof these has a telescope tube, theother a plain sight tube. Both ofthese instruments are in good order;About 18 Jack-screws of all sizes;Two iron snatch blocks;One lot of rope. These ropes arefn good shape;One lot of blocks for blocking upbuildings;One hpt of rollers for housemoving; One lot of iron diggers and longhandle shovels;Six good wheelbarrows;One crab for raising barns andmoving houses;Four or five ladders;Three st.ep ladders;Several ripping bars;One cross-cut saw;One lizard saw;One scythe;One Ross cutting box;One spring wagon pole; (One pony cart and harness;Two pitchforks, hoes and rakes;One small A harrow for grading;Two 50-gallon gasoline tanks;Some chains, and bees and extrabee stands;A lot of other things too numerous to mention.HOUSEHOLD AND KITCHEN FURNITURE. One good Moores' air-tight heater;One lard press and sausage mill;One big iron kettle;One big brass kettle; 'One lot of stone and glass jars,all sizes;One 10-gallon stone jar;Two 5-gallon milk cans;Refrigerator, sidoboard, dishesand household goods of all kinds;A lot of sniall tools too numerousto mention.. AUTOMOBILESOne 5-passenger Oakland, model34. This machine is in good running order:One 4 -ton White Truck.Tires are all good on these machines. TERMS Cash on all sums under$25. 00. Over that amount negotiable note bearing 6 interest.E. T. SHEELER.MUlersburg, Ky.COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct.(17-td),For SMeA Duroc Jersey male hog; registered. Apply to(3-tf) F. B. THOMAS.FOR SALE1919 Ford Coupe, starter ..$650.001917 Ford Touring 325.003 917 Ford Touring 375.001917 Jeffery 7-passenger,starter 650.001917 Ford Runabout 300.00All above cars in good condition.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.,(13-3t) Paris, Ky.Auto RepairShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate, LiveStock, Personal Property. LockBox 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.( jan6-tf ) )Truck HaulingWe are now prepared to do allkinds of truck hauling. A specialtyof moving. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or sniall. Day phone 780;Night call 1956.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf) -CALL A JAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.'After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947." S. R. HUDNALL,Office No. 6 Bank Row.(23dec-tf)Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give me a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing aspecialty.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 918Main Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf)PUBLIC SALEOFLivestock and Farm ImplementsWe will sell publicly on the farm of Mrs. C. M. Clay, three milesfrom Paris, on the Winchester pike, onSaturday, February 21, 1920,at ten o'clock, a. m., the following described property:200 head of extra good youngmountain ewes, due to lamb March1st;21 good yearling cattle, weight650 pounds;Twelve 800-pound cattle;Two good milch cows;One 1-year-old hull;Six good work mules;A lot of good farming implements,such asOn account of our lease expiring March 1, the above property willbe sold without reserve or by-bid.TERMS Liberal, and made known on day of sale.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(17-2t)PUBLIC SALESTOCK AND HOUSEHOLD FURNITUREWe will offer at Public Auction,onFriday, February 20, 1920,on the premises located. at the South end of Main stieet, at 10:30 a. m.,15 fine Jersey cows and' heifers, and one pure bred Jersey Bull; oneWork Horse; one Buggy Horse; one one-horse wagon; one deliverywagon, and 2 sets of harness; 1 Cream Separator; 100 hens; MilkBottles and Dairy Fixtures.Also a fine lot of new Household and Kitchen FurnituTe, includinga Goal Range, Gas Range and two Gas heaters.One old-fashioned square Piano; 2 Singer Sewing Machines: 1Living Room Suite; 1 Dining Room Suite; 2 large Rugs, and severaltmall ones; 2 Iron Beds; Refrigerator and Baby Buggy.Also many small articles, too numerous to mention.James and A.M. Peffer, Paris, Ky.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.Public Sale!We, the undersigned agents forE. D. Rose, will sell his house andlot, located on Nineteenth andBrent streets.This is a 2-story frame building,has 6 rooms, bath complete, electriclights and gas. Concrete walks andshade trees, nice front lawn andsplendid garden.This property will be sold at public auction, Monday, February 23,at 2:30 p. m., on the premises.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(13-3t) Paris, Ky.Public SaleLivestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc.We will sell at public auction, tothe highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m., rain or shfine, onThursday, Feb. 26, 1920,the following described property:One work and driving horse, 7-years-old;One work and driving horse. 63 ears-old;One work and driving horse, 7-years-old;One combined mare, 7-years-old; 'One weanling mule colt;Two No. 1 cows, to be fresh onday of sale;One good red yearling heifer;One nice young sow;One new Webber wagon withcombination frame;One new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment;One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, withtruck and three-horse hitch;One cutting harrow, with twotorse hitch;One Bemis tobacco setter, in goodcondition;One good Deering mower;Two -steel beam breaking plows,good as new;One new Rastus three-shovelplow;One good five-shovel plow;One good two-shovel plow;One good Moyer road wagon:One top buggy, good as new:Two sets of good buggy "harness;Four sets of good farm harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stackand in barn, and fodder in field;One improved Cream Separator,good as new, 600 pounds capacity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture;Lot of hoes, rakes, shovels andether implements useful on thefarm.TERMS Made known on day ofREDMON & McDIIFFY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(feb6-td)Five breaking plows:Four Avery 2-horse cultivators;One Black Hawk corn planter;Two harrows;Three mowing machines;One hay rake;One Corn marker;Eight Good cattle troughs;Five hog houses;One feed sled;THOMASON & BURRIS, Paris, Ky.OFf4.-'$1 r1vv?"V.lr-- wlJFRIBAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGXTHMm,v41DOCTOR GETSBACK HEALTH'Says Every Weakened, RunDown Person ShouldTake Vola-TonicDr. Jules Townlev McLeanA statement about Vola-Tonic givenfey Dr. Jules Townley McLean, chiropractor, 2S23 Erie avenue, Hyde Park,Cincinnati, O., absolutely proves me powersof the "Builder ofStrength."Dr. McLean highly recommends Vola-Tonic toevery weakened, rundown man or woman."My system was In aseverely weakened condition for two years,"Dr. McLean said. "Thiscondition was due to mystomach. I was badlytroubled with indigestion and constipation."I started readinzabout Vola-Tonic and became so interested that I got a bottle and startedtaking it."From what Vola-Tonic did in mycase I can say that I can highly recommend the medicine. In fact, I don'tthink I could recommend Vola-Tonictoo highly to any man or woman suffering from stomach troubles or ageneral run-down condition."Vola-Tonic helped my digestionfrom the start and also relievedthe constipation. It improved mybealjth all over so much that I expectto be able to resume my practice shortly, which I had to give up two yearsago because of poor health."Dr. McLean's statement is the bestpossible proof that Vola-Tonic is themedicine for YOU to take if TOTJ arefeeling weak and run down. Get abottle TODAY !THE DOCTRINE OF GOOD WILLIn the Senate recetly tliere was aI sort of postmortem on the "Daylight Saving Law," and through; statements that were introduced intothe Congressional Record it is plainthat the commonly repeatedcharges against the "lighting interests" that they were actually opposed to the daylight saving law,cannot be sustained, Senator Wm. M.Candler, of New ork, stated that hehad investigated and found no evidence to warrant the accusation thatthe gas companies of the countryhad been spieading propagandaajmong the farmers. More directlybearing upon tlie subject is the letter of Oscar H. Fogg, SecretaryManager of the American Gas Association, to Senator Candler, inwhich he says that "the effect ofdaylight saving law upon gas companies has been so negligible as tobe unworthy of consideration, andin several large situations whichthe writer personally examined, thedifference in sale of gas, due to daylight, saving, was so small that itcould not even be definitely estab-! lished."Incident to this subject an electric light man at Denver has produced a classic that should be framed and hung in the office of everyMayor, on the walls of all CityJ Council Chambers, and everywhereabout the operating establishmentsof public utilities, since the sentencein a few words defines with absolutecorrectness the ideal relations thatshould exist in every locality. Saysthe Illuminating Board of Denver:"An electric light co,mpany maylose a little temporary revenue, butthe prosperity of any utility corporation is dependent upon the prosperity and good will of the community it serves, and it will benefit inthe long run from any conditionthat helps t-he community."mioiaionicSBUlDCRorSTRENGTH"3 Speci?! AgentVarden & Son, DruggistsIn proportion to its thickness,frog skin makes the toughestleather.WHY II SUFFERMany Paris Women Are Learning;the Cause.itIn the Winter-TimeAny fool knowsenough to carryan umbrella wheait rains, but thewise man b havho carries onewhen it is onlycloudy. Any"man vrill send for:a doctor when hegets bedfast, butthe wiser one Lshe who adoptsproper measuresbefore his ills become serious.JF ,f- During a hardwinter orihe following spring one feela rundown, tired out, we?k and nervous. Probably you have suffered from colds orinfluenza which has left you thin, weak andpale. This is the time to put your systemi -order.A. good, old-fashioned alterative andtemperance tonic is one made of wild rootsaad barks without the tfce of alcohol, andoftUed Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, in tablet or liquidf orm.Covington, Ky.: "I have taken Dr.Pierce's 'Golden Medical Discovery andooaader it one of the best medicines I haveever rt&ken for the blood ;and as a tonic tobuild i one up when run-down or for livertroubles of any sort. It is also good to takoas & spring medicine. Dr. Pierce's Pleasan fcPellets, too, are a fine purgative medicine ;they .cleanse and purify the system in a verymild Tnay. I can highly recommend thesemedicines of Dr. Pierce's." JOHN B,.IjQUGHERY, 603 E. 16th St.Louisville, Ky.: "For years I have haddisordered blood, which has caused me tobreak out in sores on my face and limbs. Ihave used many medicines recommended topurify the blood but none gave me theprompt results that I have obtained whiletaking Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, and I take the greatest of pleasurein recommending this splendid blood purifierto all persons afflicted as I have been all myfife. This 'Discovery' is not onry cleansingto the blood but it tones up the wholesystem, too." MBS. MAGGIE DUPIN,323 N. Campbell St.Women often suffer, not knowingthe cause.Backache, headache, dizziness,nervousness, irregular urinary passages weaken, languorEach a torture of itself.Together hint at weakened kidneys.Strike at the root get to thecause.No other remedy more highly endorsed than Doan's Kidney Pills.Recommended by thousandsEndorsed at home.Here's convincing testimony froma Paris citizenMrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Sopie few years agoI suffered severely with kidneycomplaint and sometimes was in aserious condition. I had a constant,dull ache across the small of myback and I was terribly dizzy attimes. I have used Doan's KidneyPills for this trouble and they havehelped me more than anythingelse, always relieving me of thecomplaints."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedvget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Markland had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)L oTaking Baby's Picture.For either the amateur home snapshots" or when you take baby to a"real" photographer to have her picture taken, do not "dress her up" inher best clothes, or let her know thatshe Is to pose for her portrait. Lether wear one of her "second best"white dresses, or even a play costume,and she will be more herself than If"all decked up" in her best finery,which is almost certain to give her aself-conscious look. Exchange.oCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.There are people who never havea movement of the bowels without itis produced by a cathartic. Most ofthem have brought that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremon-nt tn relieve. A mild laxative! tonic like Chamberlain's Tablets af-fords a gentle movement of the bow'els that you hardly realize has been'produced by a medicine, and their.' use is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.(feb-ativ)INaUEST- ON VICTIMS OF IEXINGTON MOTS.LEXINGTON, KY., February 19.An inquest into the deaths of sixmen, who were shot down last Monday when an attempt was made totake Will Lockett, negro slayer often-year-old Geneva Hardman, ' f romFayette Circuit Courtroom, where hewas being tried for his crime, wasconducted this week by Coioner JohnAnglin.After hearing the testimony of 22witnesses the jury, which was composed of Richard Arnspiger, foreman,Charles McCarthy, George Marrs, I.J. Mantle, Bay Hillenmeyer and Raymond Randolph, returned two verdicts. One was that William H. Ethrington, John Thomas, John M. Rogers,of Versailles; L. M. King and JamesMassengale, of Lexington, died ofgunshot wounds "fired by the statemilitia, under orders, and by otherunidentified persons."The other was that Benjamin F.Carrier, of Lexington, died of gunshot wounds "fired by unidentifiedpersons, and the jury further findsthat Carrier, from evidence adduced,was not identified in any mannerwith the riot and his death was purely accidental."Witnesses were agreed that thefiring did not begin until after amob, variously estimated to havenumbered from 20 to 100, had brokenthrough police lines at the edge ofthe sidewalk, had pushed back theline of Deputy Sheriffs and waspressing upon militiamen guardingthe courthouse entrance.R. R. Early and J. H. Cook testified that they had seen County JudgeFrank A. Bullock fire into the crowdfrom a window in his office.Magistrate Edward Minor andKeene Daingerfield, Assistant County Attorney, testified that they werein the Circuit Court room all duringthe time of the firing; that JudgeBullock was in that room all of thattime and did not deuarb until afterthe firing has ceased.Magistrate W. S. Hunt testifiedthat he was in the anteroom of JudgeBullock's office when the firing began ; that there was a soldier stationed at the onlv window in the room;that he saw the soldier fire his rifletwice; that he walked into' Judge Builock's principal office, and when thefiring had ceased he returned to theanteroom, attracted by the entranceof eevpil nprsons, among whom wasJudge Bullock.H. L. Ramsey, Probation Officer,testified that he entered the anteroom to Judee Bullock's office immediately after the shooting and sawa soldier sten back from the windowand heard himsay: "I got two. Itried to shoot them in the arms anddo not think I hit either higher tjvnthe shoulder." Ramsey testifiedfurther that Judge Bullock did notcome into his office until after theshooting.Bricradier General F. C. Marshalldeparted Monday for Louisville with350 men, leaving Lieutenant ColonelGeorge W. Maddox, a native ofOwenton, as Acting Military Governor of Fayette Countv until martiallaw is rescinded. Colonel Maddoxretains 70 men.ALL SIBefore ! look Lydia E. Pmk-bazz&'s Vegetable CompoundI could hardly stand, saysMrs KwarcinskLChicago, HI. "I suffered with displacement and irregularities and I didnot know what to do.My mother advisedme to take Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound anduse the SanativeWash so I took heradvice and usedthese remedies andcured myself. I feelfine and do all myhousework which Icould not do before,as I could hardlystand up and I have three healthy children. You can use this letter u youwish, for your remedy is certainly wonderful for sick, run down women."Mrs. A. Kwakcinski, 3627 W. OakdaleAve., Chicago, 111.For forty years Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound has been makingwomen strong and well, relieving backache, nervousness, ulceration, and inflammation, weakness, displacements,irregularities and periodic pains. It hasalso proved invaluable in preparing forchildbirth and the Change of Life.Women who suffer are invited towrite for free and helpful advice toLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential), Lynn, Mass. It is free andalways helpfuLBENEFIT OF EICHESIt jmust be self-evident that theprofit of capital and the wages oflabor must come out of what is produced. Idle capital is no more satisfying than idle labor. If the serviceof labor is needed to make capitalproduce, then it follows that themore capital there is in the worldthe more demand will exist for laborand the higher will be its wages inactual buying power. Thus the richman has to be consideud, whetheror not as an economic benefit. Hois rich because he consujmes lessthan he acquires. His very desireto have wealth forces him to put outhis surplus in productive enterprisesand thus by increasing the productive capital increases the demandfor labor.tcHI be your partner for this number"COMPANIONSHIP in a cigarette? Yes, sir! It's inChesterfields, sure as you live.Chesterfields begin where othercigarettes leave off They not onlydmm0 L niP!:e-thev Satisfy!AXNAMEaBA11MEANSASPIRINIS GENUINE"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" to begenuine must be marked with the"Bayer Cross," just like your checkmust have your signature.Always look for the "BayerCross." Then you are getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for over eighteen years."In the "Bayer" packages are safeand proper directions for Colds,Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neu-lalgia, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuritis, Joint Pains, and Pain generally. Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost but a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer" packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidosterof Salicylicacid. (adv)oKEW BILL PROVIDED FOR ROADSYSTEM.In a new bill which is to be presented-at this session of the Legislature, providing for a cqmplete system of good roads, for the State,fifty-six separate road projects, interlocking to form one great system,have been outlined. The new bill isdeclared to be without objectionsthat have hitherto been urgedagainst such measures.In the bill the system providesfor the following to pass throughBourbon county: No. 20 FromShelbyville to Ashland, via Lawrehceburg, Versailles, Lexington,Paris, Millersburg, Blue LickSprings, Mayslick, Maysville, Ribolt,Yianceburg and Greenup. No. 21From Newport to Paris, via Alexandria, Falmouth and Cynthiana. No.0 From Richmond to Paris, viaWinchester.oDYEO HER IMSEI ANAI"Diamond Dyes" Help Make NewOutfits For YoungstersDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a mistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard.(adv-tf-F)'j cjuestiomf Hunt'?Sal "7 JTeuer, RiE'vorm, Itch, ci- bwys'y lDcn't beanie dicuurag-d be JT" jfdJ-r other fsatimn's, fa 'rd v $iHun?:5-lve has relieved hun xf &'-e r -i our Vort-v Hack""t rrt'-f. "Ir, t i' our MKFor Sale byL. OBERDORFER,Druggist, Paris, TCy.: Ellll WmmThe only man who has morefriends than he needs is the manwho has more money than he knowswhat to do with.Our position simply is that anygirl has a right to pay $1 for apair of shoes as long as she's got twofeet.Exceptionally NiceLot ofGrapeFruit10ceach1920$uicc Wtodel?Now in stock andready to demoni strate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.2Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOnnncitu Court HnuctParis, Ky. . JLot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We heed room fornew cars.i -$.)-Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.IBSiJsSsJB m I LiREDUCED PRICES'OONClover and Alfalfa IMayBuying in large quantities has 'enabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a special price on our preseut stock ofhay. Phone your order beforeour stock is sold.Perry, McCann & MitchellBoth Phones 84SXi:25KGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 2SSCorner Fifth and Pleasant Stmts, Parfcf Ky-IxlXI'5,1Send That Next Job of Printing to ThBourbon New. Best Work: Right Pricesf'Ti?.--PAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1S20.DEATHS.:REYNOLDS.Barry Reynolds, aged forty-seven,employed as a section hand onthe Louisville & Nashville railroadat this point, and residing on theClintonville pike, died Wednesday athis home from the effects of a cerebral hemorrhage. The body wastaken to Olympia in Bath county,yesterday, for intenment.SPEIGAL.T-he body of Mrs. Martha Speigal, who died in Covington, Sunday,after a short illness was brought tothe hojme of her brother, David T.Boaz, on Nineteenth street, in thisNotice of SaleOF THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($30,000.00), WORTH OFSEWER BONDS ,0F THE CITYOF PARIS, KENTUCKY.city, Monday night. The funeralwas held Wednesday morning atten o'clock, with services conductedat the grave in the Paris Cemeteryby Rev. Chas. H. Grear, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church.CONWAY.A telegram received hereTuesday announced the death, ofHenry Conway, formerly of Millersburg, in Atlanta, Ga., following ashort illness of pneumonia. Thetelegram gave no further particulars. Mr. Conway was a son of Dr. andMrs. H. B. Conway, and had residedin "Millersburg the greater part ofhis life. He removed to Atlantaseveral years ago, where he was engaged in business. Mr. Conway issurvived by his widow, Mrs. MattieMiller Conway, and two daughters,Misses Mabel and Elizabeth Conway. The funeral and burial tookplace in Atlanta.The City of Paris, Kentucky, willoffer for sale to the highest bidderat the Council Chamber in saidcity on Thursdny, February 26, at8 o'clock p. m., 1920, Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) worth ofsewer bonds bearing date March 1,1920, and maturing at the rate ofThree Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00)per year from November 1, 1920, toand inclusive of November 1, 1929. jThe said bonds were authorizedby a vote of t-he people at the November election, 1919.Interest five per cent., payablesemi-annually on the fust of Mayand November, and both principaland interest payable in gold coin ofthe present standard of weight andfineness, at the Bank of America in tNew York City.These bonds are issued pursuantto. Chapter 113, Acts of Kentucky,Legislature, 1918.Delivery o. -third on March 1,1920, one-thi I o-n June 1, 1920,and one-third on August 1, 1920,payments must be made on delivery.All bids must be accompanied bya- certified chtcl: for five per cent,of the total amount of the bid, thecheck of the successful bidder to becredited, on account and the checksof unsuccesful bidders to be returned immediately. 'E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk of Paris, Ky.24-2t)VJ.CTOR.Mrs. Maria Victor, aged eighty-hree, died Monday at the home ofher daughter, Mrs. Ida Victor Foster, in Covington, of the infirmitiesof age. Mrs. Victor was the widowof the late Warder Victor, a formerresident of Millersburg, who will beremembered by the -older inhabitants of the county. She is survivedby one daughter, Mrs. Ida Foster, ofCovington, and two, grandchildren,Miss Marie Foster, of Covington, andWarder Foster, of Cuba, Her onlyson, William Victor, died severalyears ago.The body was brought tc Cynthiana yesterday. Services were heldat the grave in Battle Grove Cemetery, conducted by Rev. J. D. Armi-Public Sale-OF-Household and Kitchen Furniture.As administrator of Mrs. PearlMann Taylor, deceased, I will sellat public auction, on the premises,609 Ferguson Street, onFriday, February 27, 1920,at two o'clock, p. m., all the household and kitchen furniture of Mrs.Pearl Mann Taylor, comprising avariety of household goods too numerous to mention here. A rarehance to obtain some good bargains. FLETCHER MANN,Administrator Mrs. Pearl MannTaylor.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(feb20-3t)PUBLIC SALEOFFINE MULES!, We will sell at public auction, at Caywood & McClintock'smule barns, on South Main Street, Paris, Ky., onMonday, March 1, 1920County Court day) the following 40. head of extra good 2-yearold mules:36 Mare Mules and 4 HorseMulesstead. The. pall-bearers were J. W.Renaker, J. M. Cromwell, J. K.Nortbrott, R. V. Bishop, H. W. Oxley, W. W. Embry, J. J. Curie andW. A." Lydick.McINTYRE.Mrs. Addie Stiles Mclntyre,aged fifty-seven, wife of George W.Mclntyre, died at her home in Marson county, after a few days' illnessof influenza. She had gone into thehomes of stircken ones and waitedon the sick until her frail bodycould not stand the strain,and she contracted the diseasewhich resulted in her death.Mrs. Mclntyre is survived by herhusband, two daughters, Mrs. T. C.Patterson, of Germantown, andMrs. McClelland Bryan, of Paris;one brother, Rufus Stiles, of Fleming county; and three sisters, Mrs.J. L. McDowell, of Manchester, O.,Mrs. Be-n Hill and Miss BettieStiles, of Mayslick.The funeral was held at the homein Germantown, Monday afternoonat one o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. C. H. Grear, pastorof the Paris Methodist churcsh. Theburial followed in the GermantownCemetery.BAERLO.Following an illness of only afew days Moses Baerlo, aged eightyfour, died at the residence of hisdaughter, Mrs. B. Friedman, in thiscity, Wednesday night. The bodywas prepared for burial, and takenon the 3:15 Louisville & Nashvilletrain yesterday afternoon to Cincinnati, where the funeral will takeplace at nine o'clock this morning,followed by interjment on the familylot in the Jewish Cemetery, onWalnut Hills.Mr. Baerlo was a native of Russia, and came to- this country whenbut a boy. He Avorked in variouscapacities in various places, finallycoming to Cincinnati, where he became a successful merchant andreal estate dealer. He had been inAmerica about sixty-two years.Besides his daughter, Mrs. Friedman, of Paris, he is survived by another daughter, Mrs. Max Bomash,residing in Denver, Colorado.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. StonerKeller, 32, of near Paris, and MissMinerva Neal, 27, of Paris.Luther Houk, 21 years old, farmer, and Miss Clara Houk, eighteen,giving Paris, Ky., as their place ofresidence, were (married in Jeffersonville, Ind., Tuesday, as noted inJeffersonville correspondence of theLouisville Courier-Journal.MATTOX RITCHIE.R. F. Ritchie, of near Paris,and Mrs. Laura Wagoner Matrox,of Harrison county, were married inCynthiana, Tuesday,, by CountyJudge T. E. King, in his privateoffice in the court house. The groomis engaged in farming near this city.MAHER BRIERLEY.John W. Brierley and Mrs.Nannie Maher, both of near Paris,secured license here Tuesday, andwere married by County JudgeBatterton, in his private office inthe court house. The groom issixty-one, a widower, the bridethirty-six.All are fat and well matedAlso at the same time, a few extra good 3-year-old mules;and one pair 4-year-old mules, well broke and good. The twoand three-year olds are not broken.Sale positive at at two o'clock p. m.Turney Bros.Gto. D. Speakes, AuctioneerPARIS, KENTUCKYHHitiilfg3if 5gggitr$i 5Sg?3iggSSgLEsl.iuliEIMmKm)1I The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectric Irons, ChafincrDishes, Coffee Pots. CookStoves, Hair Curlers,HotPlates, gg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHEREDOYLE ADAMS.John E. Adams, of Bourboncounty, and Miss Letha Doyle, ofMadison county, were jmarried inRichmond, Wednesday. Mr. Adams is the youngest son of Mr. andMrs. R. E. Adams, of Winchester.who will celebrate their thjrty-sec-lond wedding anniversary to-morrow.STULL HEDGES.Albert Lee Hedges, of Lexington, and Miss Julia Stull, of Bourbon county, secured,1 marriage licensein Mt. Sterling, Monday, and weremarried by County Judge Earl Sneff,in his private office in the courthouse.Marriage licenses were issuedTuesday from the office of CountyOlerk Pearce Paton, to the following parties: John W. Brierley, widower, 61, and Mrs. Nannie Maher,36, Paris; William F. Hamilton, 24,Carlisle, Route 1, and Miss BessieC. Prather, 21, North Middletown,Route 1.T. W. SPICER:MAJN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSE&ihteUkSALLEE CLARKSON.Miss Helen Sallee, a former resident of Paris, was married in Covington, on February 14, to M. W.Clarkson, of that city. The ceremony was performed at the residence of the officiating minister,Rev. L. L. Henson, pastor of tiieFirst Baptist church, of Covington.They left after the ceremony forHavana, Cuba, where the groom expects to go in business.The bride is a daughter of Dr.Theodore Sallee, who was for manyyears a resident of Paris. While intfie blacksmifh business here hetook up the study of medicine,graduating later with high honorsfropn a Louisville medical college.He is now residing in Covington.NEAL KELLER.A wedding in which two popular people, Miss Minerva Neal andMr. Stoner Keller, were principals,took place in Lexington, Wednesdayafternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, at thehome of the officiating minister,Rev. Benj. Bush, pastor of the Second Presbyterian church. The youngpeople secured a marriage licensein Paris and went to Lexington,where the ceremony was performedin the presence of the bride's sister, Miss Ava Neal, and Mr. Hovard Hamilton, both of Paris.The bride is a daughter of Mrs.Majmie Neal, of this city. She hassome time been bookkeeper andcashier in the Simon departmentstore, where she-was highly esteemed by her employers aiuTby her coworkers for her amiable dispositionand her many graces of character.Mr. Keller is the son of Mr. andMrs. Jacob Keller, of the Shawhanvicinity, and is one of the mosipopular jmen in the county.After a short bridal tour Mr. andMrs. Keller will return to Pans,where they will make their futurehome, being at home to their manyfriends in this city, after March 1.The following announcementcards have been issued:"Mrs. Mamie Nealannounces the marriage of herdaughter, 'MinervatoMr. Stoner Keller,on Wednesday, the eighteenth ofFebruary,nineteen hundred and twenty,Lexington, Kentucky.At Homeafter March first, jParis, Kentucky.". oBUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save yovmoney. .THE J. T. HINTON CO.oREPORT OP CARR SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney makes -jthe following report of the publicsale conducted by him Tuesday oflivestock, etc., on the farm of J. W.Carr, on the Bethlehem pike, nearParis: One pair jinules, $'315; cows,$60 to 80; heifers, $39 to $41;shoats, $5.75 to $6.00; farming implements sold at good prices.Attention, Republicans!A mass convention of the Republicans of Bourbon county is herebycalled forSaturday, February 28, 1920,at' 1 o'clock p. m., to be held at theParis court house, for the purposefo selecting 22 delegates and alternates to the the District Conventionto be held at La Grange on March2d, for the election of two delegatesand alternates to the National Republican Convention to be held inChicago, on June 6, 1920. Saiddelegates will also serve as delegatesto the State Convention in Louisville, to be lield on March 3rd. TheDistrict Convention at La Grangewill also choose an elector to bevoted for at the November election,1920, and a member of the Republican State Central 'Committee froonthe Seventh Congressional District.The County Convention wil alsoelect a new Republican County Committee for the next four years,which in turn will elect a Chairman, Secretary and Treasurer. Allpersons who desire to afl&liate withthe Republican party are cordially!invited to attend.BOURBON COUNTY REPUBLICANCOMMITTEE.By N. A. Moore, Chairman.W. A. Thopison, Secretary.(17-3t)FOR SALEBriscoe Roadster; has electriclights and starter, demountablerims, good tires. Price, right forquick sale. Can be seen 'at Geo. W.Davis' garage. (It)WANTEDTo rent a small house of three orfour rooms. Prefer one with garden, Call at C. S. Ball Garage.H. C. RITCHIE,(20-tf) Paris, Ky.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen FurnitureHaving moved to Lexington to reside, I will offer at public auction,at my former residence, recently vacated by Dr. H. M. Boxley, in Millersburg, Ky., onWednesday, February 25, at 2:30 p. m.,All my household and kitchen furniture, comprising dining room, bedroom sets, carpets, rugs, etc., kitchen furniture, and a variety of household goods, too numerous to list here A rare chance to get bargains infurniture, all high-class.TERMS Strictly cash in hand.MKS. W. F. CAEPENTER,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. 153 Barr St., Lexington, KyBIG COMBINATIONPUBLIC AUCTION SALEFamous "Spring Hill" farm, of 263 acres, belonging to James I.Hamilton and all the farming implements, live stock, etc., of J. A. Robinson. Wednesday, March 3, 1920,beginning at 9 a. m., lasting all day. The famous "Spring Hill" SiockFarm of 263 acres, belonging to James I. Hamilton, Is located inBoyle County, only S1 miles from that good town of Danville, (one ofthe leading educational centers of the South), on the Danville-Stanfordpike.THE IMPROVEMENTS Magnificent two-story brick residence of12 rooms; two bath rooms, completely equipped with water system,light plant, basement under entire house; heated with furnace; a residence you could not duplicate with water system, light plant, basement under entire house; heated with furnace; a residence you couldnot duplicate to-day for ?30,000.00. An $8,000.00 stock barn, withwater and lights therein; also one smaller stock barn; two tenanthouses; stock scales; blacksmith shop; dairy barn; hard roadway frompike to residence, beautiful approach. This is one of the best farms inBoyle county. An ideal home and nc better dirt anywhere. Fine tobacco, hemp, corn and wheat land. All' of this farm in grass exceptabout 50 acres. Never-failing water all over the place and splendidfencing. About 30 acres of wheat already sown. Tobacco bed alsosown and ready for you. Possession day of sale if you desire it. It isready for you and your family. You will be proud to call this magnificent estate HOME. Look it over before day of sale. It will be sold justafter lunch. Terms exceedingly liberal and made known on day of sale.Col. Boliver Bond on the block.On this farm and on the above date, beginning at 9 a. m.. andlasting all day J. A. ROBINSON,, who has recently disposed of over1,100 acres of land and has to give possession right away,, will sell forthe "High Dollar" all of his personalty, consisting of farming implements, machinery, live stock, etc. This will be the biggest personaltysale ever held in this part of the State. His holding will cover 8 or 10acres of land. The sale will begin promptly at 9 A. M. MARCH 3rd,and last all day, and Cols. I. M. Dunn and John B. Dinwiddie will beon the block.Lunch Served. Don't fail to atend this sale. It will last all day.There will be three auctioneers and terms liberal, announced sale day.Remember the day and hour, Wednesday, March 3, at 9 a. m. Be onhand promptly. For full particulars see, write or phone,JAMES I. HAMILTON, J. A. KOBDTSON,Lancaster, Ky. Danville, Ky.(20-2t)5P"SSlMM10 110- BOURBON -BABY FARMS!L iiWe, as agents for James McClure, will sell onFriday, Feb. 27thAT 10:30 A. M.on the premises, midway between Paris and Lexington, at Piper's switch -and theintersection of the Paris and Lexington and Harp and Innes pikes10 Choice Baby Farmswith splendid building sites. Five of these farms face on the Paris and LexingtonInterurban line, the other five farms face on the Harp and Innes pike.We consider this tract one of the best subdivision sales we have ever offeredthe public. These baby farms are situated midway between the two best commercial towns in Central Kentucky and are ideal sites for tobacco or truck farming.Any one in the market for a home and small farming site cannot afford tomiss this sale. This property must be seen to be appreciated.The sale will be positive, rain or shine. Terms will be easy and made knownon day of sale. You make the price and we will make the deed.Watch this space for exact size of each farm. - -..For further particulars call onJAMES McCLURE, Owner, Paris, Ky.ORHARRIS & SPEAKESREAL ESTATE DEALERS, PARIS, KY.Li D. HARRIS, Business Mgr. COL. GEO. Dl .SPEAKES, Auctioneer(FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 126;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE PIVE'; mamm gLJmhyFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFRESH CAUGHT FISH.Fresh caught Reelfoot LakeFish for today and tomorrow.Newlights and Bass, all sizes.LOGAN HOWARD.BIG PUBLIC 'SALE.Attend Sheeler's sale on Feburary28. See advertisement in anothercolumn. (td)oJSEW ORLEANS MOLASSES SPECIALBELOW COST.New Orleans Molasses at $1.25per gallon while they last. Can't bebought at that price wholesale.Better order to-day, as they will gofast at that price.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oKEX?T MONDAY A HOLIDAYOn "account of Washington'sBirthday, a legal holiday, comingthis year on Sunday, February 22,the day will be observed on Monday,which will be a holiday. The banksand postoffice will be closed for thexday, and the usual closing and opening hours will be observed at thepostoffice. Get your spending ,moneyfrom the banks on Saturday, or youwill find yourself seriously inconvenienced Monday.oLEXTNGTOW-EOUND.A large delegation from P. I. McCarthy Council, Knights of Columbia, of this city, will go to Lexington next Monday night, to assist inthe celebration of Washington'sBirthday, in a program to be carriedout by the Blue Grass Council ofthat city. The principal speaker ofthe evening will be Col. Samuel M.Wilon, who will be introduced byRev. Father Hubert deWaganeare.One of the features of the programwill be musical numbers to be rendered by Misses Welsh, ElizabethSmith, Lyons and Louise Keller,and a quartet headed by K. C. Gardner.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st off March we aremaking reductions off 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomfor Spring go ds.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.(febl3-4t)DATE OF SEDMON & McBUFFYPUBLIC SALE CHANGED.The date of the public sale ofMvestock, farm implements, crop,etc., of Redmon & McDuffy, hasbeen changed from the 18 th to the26th of February. Read over thelist in the advertisement in anothercolumn. Don't forget the date,February 26, at 10 o'clock. (td)oYOTOGEST ENUMERATORBourbon county may have thehonor of claiming the youngest census enumerator. Miss Jennie D.Fisher, fifteen, daughter of JamesH. Pisher, of the Ruddles Mills preeinct, is perhaps the youngest census enumerator in Kentucky. Onaccount of her age is was necessaryto obtain a special ruling from theDirector of the Census before shecould commence work. Miss Pisherfs a graduate of the MillersburgCollege, and has had charge of thecensus work in the Ruddles Millsprecinct. In speaking of fcer work,District Supervisor Jos. W. Morris,f Lexington, said: "The work ofmy youngest enumerator was amongthe best turned Into the Lexingtonoffice."BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.oJEtESH CAUGHT PISH DRESSEDFREE OF CHARGEFine shipment of fresh caughtfish for to-day and to-morrow. Wedress them free of charge and deliver promptly to you. Order early.SIARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.(A butcher shop that don't smelllike one.) (lt;. oKNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS TO CELEBRATE WASHINGTON'SBIRTHDAY.An elaborate Washington's birthday program is being arranged byBlue Grass Council No. 762, Knightsof Columus and will be presentedto the general public Sunday nightIn the auditorium of St. Paul'sSchool, in Lexington.Accompanied by appropriate exercises a memorial tablet to JosephCarr Revnolds, of Nicholasville,will be unveiled in the Knights ofColumbus hall, on North Limestonestreet, next Sunday afternoon at oo'clockOf the 83 members of Blue Grass"Council in the service, Joseph CarrReynolds was the only one to makethe supreme sacrifice. The generalpublic is invited to attend the unveiling of the memorial, an especialinvitation being extended forpierservice men.oA EEAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell at25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in .on this special.-Xiz-in " c. p. cook Jb co.Edward TUvoii ,v. ,-j.lnends m Louisville this week.vuss .uary Kenney continues toimprove after a severe attack of thgr'ppc.i TM3fs Elizabeth Miller, of At-S?i Pi' is a suest of Mr- a Mrs.Ireland Davis, on Duncan avenue.-Woodford Spears returned Saturday night from an extended stayin Eustis, Florida.Miss Goldie Williams, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss Hattieiiughes, at her home, on Mainstreet.Dr. and Mrs. J. S. Wallingfordhave returned from a visit to Revand Mrs. R. C. Goldsmith, in MtSterling.. Mrs. Tillie Brent Woodall hasreturned to her hopie in Covingtonafter a visif to Paris and Bourboncounty relatives.Mrs. W. K. Griffin will be hostess to the members of the FridayBridge Club at her hone on CyDressstreet, this afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. French Mastinand-son, have returned to theirhqme in Peabody, Kansas, after avisit to relatives in this city andcounty.. Mrs- -AP"s Turney, Sr., andMisses Lucy and May Colville leftWednesday afternoon for Clearwater, Florida, to sojourn the remainder of the winter.Robert A. Wood, of Princeton,Ind., Major on the staff of the Governor of Indiana, is in Paris thisweek in the interest of the KnightsTemplar organization.En route to Florida to spendthe remainder of the winter, MissSallie Ashbrook, of'Cyntiiiana, stopped over in Paris for a short visitto Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and -otherrelatives.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton entertained the Young Women's BridgePhil - f It- "U -v ft-?, wxuw u.,. nci iiuiiie on nign streetyesterday afternoon. At the conclusion ot the games a delicious lunchwas served the guests.Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughters of the Confederacy, will holdtheir monthly meeting in the Confederate room in the court house tomorrow afternoon, Saturday, February 21, at 2:30 o'clock.Miss Elizabeth Bush has beenremoved to her home in Winchestertroni the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, where she underwenta successful operation for appendicitis some time ago.Secretary C. B. Harrison, of theY. M C. A., is in Louisville, to bewith his wife, who is a patient atone of the hospitals, following along illness. Mr. Harrison will goto Indianapolis on a business mission before returning to Paris.Ben Posner, of the Posner Bros.sshoe firm, who has been ill of typhoid-pneumonia at the Massie Me-Jmorial Hospital, is convalescent.Mr. Posner left Tuesday for Cincinnati, where he will recuperate.'- The Amuse Dancing Club willgive a dance in Varden's Hall, onthe evening of Wednesday, February 25. The hours will be from8:30 p. m. to 2:00 a. m. Music forthe dancers will be furnished byBishop's Saxophone Quintet. Alarge attendance fropn out-of-townis expected.In deference to several members of the Thursday Bridge Club,who must observe the Lenten season, which began Wednesday, theClub was entertained Tuesday atthe home of Mrs. Thompson Tarr,on the Georgetown pike, near Paris.The Lenten season will cut shortmany social functions.Prom the Massie MemorialHospital yesterday it was reportedthat the condition of Dr. C. BruceSmith, of Millersburg, who is a patient at the institution, was somewhat better. Dr. Smith has beensuffering with pneumonia. He isunder the care of Miss Wood, proessional nurse, and physicians ofParis and Millersburg.W. D. Spaulding, president,and W. A. Gardner, executive manager, respectively, of the AlliedTobacco League of America, withoffices in the Pickering Building,Cincinnati, were here yesterday.I They were mingling with the tobacco men of the county, in the interest of the League, which has forits prime object opposition to the Jproposed anti-tobacco campaign in,this State.Mrs. W. T. Bedford, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Will G. McClintock, on Pleasantstreet. Mrs. Rebecca Collier, another of Mrs. Bedford and Mis. McClintock, who has been very ill atthe Massie Memorial Hospital ofpneumonia, is slightly improved.When her condition permits she willbe removed to the home of Mrs.McClintockMiss Eva Spencer, of Lexington, sister of Mrs. William B. Ardery, of near Paris, has been calledto take a responsible position in theSan Diego, Cali., Hospital, whyeshe will do institutional work. MissSpencer will assume the duties ofher new position about the first ofMarch. She has for some tipnebeen one of the nursing staff at thePresbyterian Hospital, in Chicago.Miss Spencer has many friends inParis, who wish her success in hernew place.Dr. M. H. Dailey returnedTuesday from an extended stay inFt. Myers, Florida, where he had"as much fun as anybody." Duringhis stay Dn Bailey was a member ofa hunting party, spending sometime in camp. He succeeded inkilling a deer (and acquiring a severe case of buck ague), an alligator, and a wild turkey as his shareof the spoils. The hides of thsslain deer and alligator were sentto a taxidermist to be jmounted andwill be added to his collection ofFlorida souvenirs. Dr. Dailey didnot get to go fishing, but says heconducted an investigation andfound that the big fish stories toldby Jos. W. Davis were mostly imaginary experiences, and that he (Dr.Dailey) remains the champion fisherman. Misses Nellie Fithian and Nellie Crutcher, who have been seriously ill of grippe at their home onStoner avenue, are convalescent.Mrs. Robert Goggin will entertain this afternoon at lunoheonbridge at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Carley Wilmoth, on Duncan avenue.Miss Bertha Hinton has returnedfrom Leaksville, South Carolina, iwhere she spent several months asguest of Rev. Dr. and Mrs. J. J.Taylor.Mrs. Russell Mann has returned to hor home in this city, fromMiami, Florida, where site has beena guest of friends and relatives forsome tijme.Clarence K. Thomas, Cashierof the Peoples' Deposit Bank, isone of the latest victims of the prevailing influenza. Mr. Thomas isimproving slowly.Charles P. Cook, of the C. P.Cook Grocery Co., who has been seriously ill for several weeks of thegrippe, was able to be out yesterday and at his place of business.Mr. and Mrs. Mason McCordand four children, residing on Winchester street, are ill of influenza.As no trained nurses could be secured anywhere, the stricken familyis being taken care of by relatives.oHEALTH AKD WELFARE LEAGUEMEETING.The February meeting of theBourbon County Health and Welfare League, was held yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock, at theresidence of Mrs. James McClure, onVine street. The business meetingwas followed by a social hour, withMrs. McClure as hostess. An interesting program was presented.Yesterday was the anniversary ofthe League's "birthday." Long mayit live and do good work!oREPORT OF MASON SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speakesconducted the public sale Tuesdayof livestock, crop, etc., belongingto Mr. J. M. Mason, on thepremises, on the Ardery pike, nearMillersburg. There was a good attendance, despite the weather.Horses brought from $160 to $200 a-head; long yearling cattle, ?74.50 ahead; one cow, $60; sheep, $.17 to$18.50 a head; shoats, $8 a head;corn in crib, $10.20 to $10.35 a barrel. oREPORT OF GRIFFITH SALEAuctioneer George D. Speakesconducted the public sale Wednesday on the premises near BlacksCross Roads, of the livestock, crops,etc., belonging to Samuel Griffith,who has moved to Paris to reside.Horses sold for $100 to 110 ahead; cows, $85 to $172.50 a head;two yearling mare mules, ?87 ahead; one yearling horse jmule, $50;one turkey gobbler, $9; five turkeyihens, $6.50 each; corn in crib' .i, n en 1A n lnttrnl . iUfUUgUl. qU.OV UV7 p-i.v a. -.BIRTHS.4To the wife of Mason McCord,of Winchester street, Monday, February 16, a daughter.In Xenia, Ohio, February 14,to the wife of Rev W. B. Cropper, adaughter, christened Myra GrayCropper. Rev and Mrs. Cropper areresidents of Paris, having been located here since last fall, when Mr.Cropper was appointed MissionarySecretary for the Centenary of theKentucky Conference.Mr. and Mrs. Kimbrough. Duvall are receiving congratulationson the advent of a handsome eightpound daughter, who arrived attheir home in Mt. Holly, New Jersey, on Monday, February 9. Thelittle one has been christened Dorothy Stewart Duvall. The motherwas formerly Miss Martha Stewart,of Mt. Holly. Mr. Duvall is a sonof Mr. and Mrs. George Duvall, of"Paris.Have YouEnough?Building MaterialAnd LaborPrices haveGone up.Furniture andHousehold SuppliesCost more.You may haveHad enoughFire InsuranceTwo years ago, butHave youEnough now?We are stillWriting InsuranceAt the sameOld ratesThat prevailedBefore the War.YERKES 8 PEEDInsurance AgentsAt Farmers & Traders BankCoats and DressesBaotsssr.For theSchool GirlBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the styles new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:$12.50 Coats at $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at '..' ....$12.98$17.50 Coats at $13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50"$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75$39.50 Coats at $27.50Belted or straight models in Plum, Wine, Brown, Blue, Taupesome with collars of fur.School DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred materials are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12,50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.00 Models at $19.75$29.50 Models at $24.75Just right for the school roomHARRY SMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.MMJM&mWE BELIEVEWe Save You More Money at OurCASH AND MARCH SALEThan You Can Save in Any Sale Anywhere.WE BELIEVE THIS because we give youmuni aa straight 20 discount on all goods markedat the regular price.WE DO NOT use any tags but the ones inuse at all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURCash SavingFebruary and MarchSaleIf you don't, your neighbor does.EXCEPTEDGlobe-Wernicke C?sey Columbia Grafonolas and RecordsWay Sagless SplngsTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Mctor Invalid Coach Undertaking-$v4V-T,PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEW?, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 192f,THE RETURN OF THE DEADIn dispatching a new note toiFrance insisting upon permissionfor the early return of America'ssoldier dead the State Departmenthas the unqualified support .not onlyof the fathers and mothers of thehoys who died overseas, but of allcitizens.Much attention has been given toKeep Your Liver Active, Your the publication of a poll of bereavedoi.4- n.,--.3 a w -nw ! families which showed that of 74,-.i,ei- x-iu-uLuaiiu-ici. j. -- Q .. 43.909. or sixty-nineper cent., who requested the returnI of bodies to the United States. These! figures mean little. Were there only4,000, 400 or four, who desire thattheir kin should be returned tothem, their expression would be a; (mandate that the government couldPhysicians and Druggists are advis- not deny. The justice of the demanding their fiiemls to keep their systems for the return of tlie bodies of thesepurified and their organs in perfect heroes depends not upon the strengthworking order as a protection against of members, but upon the preroga-thc let urn of influenza, 'liiey Know live of the individual. The bodyColds by Taking Calotabs,the Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe andSure.The World's Largest Tire FactoryBuilding 30x3,30x3! and 31x4-inchTiresaoniuimvuiuiniui i iimmiiuiiitwiinuuiuimiititriuiiiiiMiumiiimiimuiiimiuiiuii uiuuiuiuuu iiuiiuiiiiuuiniuniujiLminiuiiuiiinuuiuutuuaiui.i:mTnnTtnnnniri mnimi i "- " .......,that a clogged up system and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and seriouscomplications.To cut short a cold ovcrmgnt ana toshould be brought back of everysoldier whose family expresses thatdesire, and the government is notmerely justified in taking drasticprevent serious complications take one measures to fulfill their will, but itCalotab at bedtime with a swaiiow oi-water that 's all. No salts, no nausea,no griping, no sickening after effects.Next morning your cold has vanished,your liver is active, your system is punis in duty bound to exert whateverpressure may be necessary to accomplish that purpose.Doubtless when the French gov-! eminent is made to understand howlied and refreshed and you are feeling . deeply many American fathers andimc with a nearty appeiue lor urea- ; raothers feei upon this subject, therelast nux iiai, uu liicc iiu uaugBi. win be no further obstruction.Calotabs are sold only m original isealed packages, price thirty-five cents.-o-Evcry drcfist is authorized to refundyou'- money if yo;j are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)..-.....-.FOGGY?"LOBBY BUGS" DESTROY CONGRESSMAN'S BOOKS."Lobby bugs" invaded the austerepages of the Congressional Recordwhile the House turned aside fromdebate on the deficiency appropriation bill to discuss their ravagesand take a few laughs on the side."They have ruined a large supply of stationery which I recently'got and which is charged up against jpry stationery account," complained IJKenresenTative Earhonr. Kpnnhii-ican, of California, while the Houserocked with mirth. "They evenliave eaten the covers off my books."I have ix.C ihe superintendentof the office ti ilding squirt a solution supposed to be bug juice threeor four times around my office, and"when he got through they seemedto be more numerous than when hestarted.""They get fat on it," interposedRepresentative Juul, Republican,Illinois. Representative King, Republican, Illinois, interrupted thatperhaps if there were anything "fitto eat" in the House office buildingrestaurant, "the gentleman's bookswould not be disturbed by cockroaches."uIf Bilious, Constipated orHeadachy take"Cascarets."DOLLARS AND CENTSCounting it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man may not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better if he did.It takes about ten days to get completely rid of a cold under the usualtreatment. That time can be muchshortened by taking Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and proper care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thisremedy in the house Is a mightyCood investment during the winterand spring months.(feb-adv).i..it-m.liii'i'i.iliiiiiHmiiiHiil,.To-morrow the sun will shine foryou. Everything will seem clear,losy and bright. Your system isfilled with liver and bowel poisonwhich keeps your skin sallow, yourstomach upset, your head foggyand aching. Your meals are turning into poison, gases and acids.You can not feel right. Don't staybilious or constipated. Feel splendid always by taking Cascarets occasionally. They act without griping or inconvenience. They neversicken you like Caloniel, Salts, Oilor nasty, harsh pills. They cost solittle too. Cascarets work whileyou sleep. (adv)PIANOS TO BALANCEThe Liberty bellLoudon in 1722.was made inIn certain sections of the South,where the negroes have made moremoney than they ever dreamed of,the dusky brethren see nothing butsunshine and roses.' The rainy dayswhich in former times, were everin the preponderance, are so remotethat they cannot even be suspected.It is this view taken by so manyof the negroes, that aids the psanwith luxuries and useless articles indisposing of them to the negroes forprices that yield enormous returns.In one Arkansas district recentlyan industrious seller of pianos visited the negroes and placed instruments in homes that had never hearda piano before the war. And soclever was the salesman, that, having sold one without exhausting hispersuasive powers, he talked up thescheme and sold another, in orderthat, he said, "the room would beproperly balanced by having an instrument on each side."Another was selling tasking machines. He not only sold one to thehJrl 'A. k to Jw & yV tSi I,, l"V: i.1 lifWK aiW .&,lifc.Owners of small cars can enjoy the samehigh relative value m Goodyear Tires thatgives utmost satisfaction to owners of bigcostly motor carriagesThey can take advantage of that tremendousamount of equipment, skill and care employedby Goodyear to build tires of extraordinaryworth in the 30x3", 30x3Vfc-, and 31x4-inch sizesThey can secure these tires without waiting,despite the enormous demand, because,in addition to its larger sizes, Goodyear buildsan average of 20,009 a day in the world'slargest tire factory devoted to the threesizes mentionedIf you own a Ford, Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell,or any other car using one of these sizes, goto the nearest Goodyear Service StationDealer for Goodyear Tires and GoodyearHeavy Tourist TubesIIAVTTOUHIHoopynSOKCUt, Mat30x3 Goodyear Double-Cure $ A00Fabric, Ail-Weather Tread JLJ30x3 Goodyear Single-Cure $-j 17 65Fabric, Anti-Skid Tread XfGoodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are thick, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with acheap tube? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes cost little morethan tubes of less merit. 30x3 size in toater- $"290proof oa.... .... ............. JLhead of the house, but persuadedthe negro that each (member of thefamily ought to have a machine ofhis own.The purchases of War SavingsStamps in such families as are men-LBYMYMYiMYHPjSMYBYjBy;MYMYMYMhpKjYttvBYBYjBYBlbjVrAiv.-tv mt m m m . aEXn-w4i?iwwBr; a fr.z m' IS l il I I II lWOOD IDEA!Open yourLuckyStrikepackage this way tearoff part of the toponly.Protects the Lucky Strikecigarette a cigarette madeof that delicious real Burley tobacco. ' It's toasted.a.I Guaranteed loryffJLS ' Jrw(j?4ea.N C O d p OF ATCDt ",'jTyn Jlr -r mr i m1 Pk '"'tioned here are as a rule small. Butif the negroes now would lay uptheir surplus and invest .n Treasury Savings Certificates they wouldhave something that would help toward permanent prosperity.EACE TEACK TAX PEOBABLE INKENTUCKY.That the race tracks in this Statewill become one of the most prolificsources of revenue to the State seemscertain. They will take tiie placeof liquor as a revenue producer ifthe plans of the leaders of the present session of this Legislature arecarried out.The plan is to raise $500,000 annually from the race tracks.There are two reasons for thisheavy tax. The first is that it maydeter the radical anti-race trackLegislator from endeavoring to eliminate them; and second is, theState needs the money.The bill to produce this large sumof money will have the backing ofthe administration.NASHVILLE WOMANMAKES STATEMENTMrs. Binkley Gained 22 PoundsTaking Tanlac 18 Years ofSuffering Ended."I gained twenty-two pounds bytaking Tanlac and am a wellp woman to-day," said Mrs. J. W. Binkley, of 5104 Illinois Avenue, WestNashville, Tenn."I suffered terribly the pasteighteen years," she continued."n.Tid mv stomach was in such anawful condition that I 5iad to live Jon tne ngniesi js.hiu ui uici. mmiimilk would disagree with me andforp. gas that would keep me inmisery for hours. I had littleptrength left, and although I triedthe best of medicines and treatmentsI just kept going down hill and suffering agonies till at last I wastold my only hope lay in an operation. "A friend of my husband's persuaded him to get me some Tanlac, 1and it has not only saved me from .an operation, but I have gained in jevery way. I can eat anyinmg 1want without suffering afterwardsand am feeling just fine. I shall always praise Tanlac for restoring myhealth and wish everybody knewebour? this wonderful medicine.". Tanlac is sold in Paris by G. S.Varden & Son. 4 f (adv).B J ''iSSmmmMw97mtmmm mmmmwtmmm xun1mmmmmmSHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINESSAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALUE PACKAGESPASTES AND LIQUIDS ForBIack'LaSS0shatI:BrOTrnTHE F. F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD.,BUFFALO. N-Y.bur Table Drinkshould bring you comtortasjwell as appetising flavor.Let us SuggestINSTANTPOSTUMIf you have used.this pleasingtable beverage, you knew its'wholesome charmIf you have never triedInstant Postum, youhave a delimit in store.All Grocers sell Postum"There's a Reason1m?"Uj-;ziK;3arwj X -,-fR- mfrf -1I ' .FKIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAG1SJCV1Niis? "V1W f9A blizzard?We should worryChesterfield1ET 'er blow. An excitingyarn, a good fire, the'Wisy smoke9 and you're fixedfor the evening. And, mindyou, the "satisfy" blend can'tbe copied that's why onlyChesterfields can "satisfy.'AKE WE BECOMING NATION OPHYPOCRITES?With the Supreme Court's decision upholding the constitutionalityof the Volstead prohibition enforcement act passed the last hope ofthose who had dreamed of again partaking of "beer, wine or other intoxicating liquors" in places otherthan their own homes of in thehomes of friends. T-he decision wassix to three. "We agree with Justice McReynolds, who said that theEighteenth Amendment had not yetcome into effect and that the Federal Government had no generalpower to prohibit the manufactureand sale of liquor, and that the waremergency under which nationalprohibition was jmade effective hadpassed. However, we also believe inthe finality of- the Supreme Courtand the legality of the procedure bywhich the Eighteenth Amendmentwas accomplished. "We do not believe that absolute prohibition war.justified or that it represented themajority opinion.But that is not the issue that isnow involved. "We have prohibitionand that prohibition is legal according to the highest Court in the land.Now let us sec what the result willbe. The horrors of wood alcoholhave been impressed upon the country. Now the question will bewhether we are to become a nationof hypocrtics and continue to takenips on the sly or whether the nation Jwill submit. Tolerance of bootleg- jging will soon be worn out and the !country will then take a standeither for reaso-nabiy lenient prohibition or for a stringent enforcement. o$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is atleast one dreaded disease that science has been able to cure in all itsstages ana that is catarrh. Catarrhbeing greatly influenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally andacts through the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system therebydestroying the foundation of thedisease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing t its work..The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c. (feb-adv)Fi-MInexxuuuuniU Qpariers For FeedATCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mixed feed; also white oats andfertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco. WarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257tE l St gagBS-z:grgrsI.g-g,5--fe-s .r-S-Sf.JiHfMf.uii; ,r.miia.-o-It has just about gotten so in thiscountry that if a new widower is ordinarily polite to ladies the neighbors say he was a brief mourner.Furs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, Kentucky.DIllIiailiiiaililSlSIiSgSlSSSSIlSSggiiSlIgeSiiaSIlIESIIEISlIiBiBElllllllllIBIIIIIIimilllllllllllllllliaSHOWI on -P gsa -s MllllKsWfeaBrfiWEmbry-Weir Motors Co.Incorporated.r;Distributors of theMAXWELL and JORDANSee the New Models at the ShowTEHER CARS.TEACTOBSOHPAnnmrl) 11 .yw.WrmXbumiffwraKP, -NS--- (ML)CORD and FABRICTHMNot Accidentally) Good but Made Qood Always !DANT-WESTEFELD CO.908 S. 3rd StreetCity 116IncorporatedState AgentsLouisville, Ky.South 117vppf-'c-Long" Distance TelephoneACCESSORIES-ATTHE ARMORYFEBRUARY 23-28INCFabric 6000 Miles Cord 8000 Mile'sHand MadeAccessories Mechanic Tools Garage EquipmentROBINSON BROS. & CO.Louisville(Incorporated)WHOLESALE HARDWAREKentuckyfrVcc Z Hi Your Gasoline Costand Eliminates Carburetor TroubleSee It at the show: It's something Dew and itwon't be Ion? before every car owner will have one.Not onlv does ii save ftas and eliminate carburetertrouble, 'but no tire can explode any gasoline tankthat lias one of these non-exploive tubes in it.Portland Auto and General RepairCompanyState AgentsAt The HeickBoothlIIIIllHilH3tKt3ii;i5SJ3IliaillIlil(iiIiliaillllilliiillll"lllllllilllIIIIIIIIIWIw5GLOBE TIRESSEE OUR EXHIBITAT THE SHOWAnd At Our Store30709 West BroadwayLouisville Auto Supply Co.We Do Not Sell Your TradeWholesale OnlyIR2b1Tiger-Foot Cordand Standardj TFAMOUS Jar MILEAGESEE US AT THE SHOWDistributed ByMAHON BROS.& ALEXANDERIncorporated666 South Third St. Louisville, Ky.Skelton Automobile$1245 F. O. B. FactoryAppearance and actual mechanical nvM-ii conidered, the greatestAutomobile today selling near its price SlJl.!."MADE BY MEN WHO KNOW"SEE IT AT THE SHOWSTILES-KLAPHEKE CO.IncorporatedDistributors Premier and Skelton Automobiles904-906 S. THIRD, LOUISVILLE, KY.When You Visit LouisvilleRide to Your Hotel in aAgcnfs atAll StationsWITH WHITE LINE"EVERY DRIVER AN ESCORTAgents atAll HotelCITYMainlouiSViu-E Taxicab Transfer Co.rTBinnATTENTION DEALERSHas it ever occurred to you how hard it i to secure theexclusive agency oh real jrood tires and park plugs V We arefactory representative,.STRONGHOLD TIRESHand Made, Built For ServiceEXPRESS SPARK PLUGSEliminate CarbontWe still have some territory and attractive proposition tooffer on an exclusive basis. See us at the. Automobile Showor writeTHE BEVERLY CO.220 W. Main - Louisville, Ky.f?r::t,tttIm-rH's.'-xH,JT -v-.fujtNr PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, If U.4MILLERSBURG . ,"' T'W V V V V W V V V w-w wRELIGIOUS.Mr. W. E. Butler, of Covington,is the guest of liis brother, Mr. J.A. Butler, and family.Mrs. Burdette .Walton, of Lexington, was the guest of her mother,Mrs. N. D. Rigdon, Wednesday.Dr. C. B. Smith is critically illThe Aid Society -of the Presbyterian church will have its all-daymeeting in the church parlors onTuesday, February 24.In order to insure attendance ofall the ministers of the' Slate, theinterchurch movement announcesTMR 41 AHA AkJf HADI 2IAltJIl II A J ' Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 34c-JmB-.r-l B A"m I WW Ilv7 "Va,II II x&ulllloulUllChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2fcj&t Massie Hospital, Paris, of a com-J that railway fares will -be borne byplication oi diseases, superinauueafcy "flu." . tThe many 'friends of Mrs. 'Mattie B. Hawes, of Covington, will 'regret to learn thai she has recently:"been ill and hopes to be out of theftospital in a few weeks.The home of Mr. J. H. Collierwas sold at public sale Tuesday afternoon, by Harris & Speakes. ofParis, and was purchased by Mr.James Martin for $7,270. Thehome of Mr. W. G Sugg was alsooffered for sale, but was takendown, after being bid to ?3,000.Captain T. K. Smith, of the M.M. I., was made a Master Mason, inAmity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M.,Tuesday evening. The work was. done by W. M. Carlton Ball. Mr.Ball ;s perhaps the youngest Masterin Kentucky, and the work done byhim Tuesday night was indeed commendable. Millersburg is in the throes ofa coal famine, a large number ofour citizens, being entirely out ofcoal. There have been only threecar loads of coal, sidetracked here inthe last week. If the weathershould turn cold, and relief does notcopie soon, there v. illvbe considera-hie sufrermg here.On Saturday afternoon, February 21, at 2:30 o'clock, Mrs. W.F. Carpenter, now residing in Lexington,, will offer at public sale allher household and kitchen furniture. This will be a we chance tosecure handsome furniture, housefurnishings and kitchen utensils.Attend the sale. George D. Speakes,Auctioneer. (It)THE SICK JRev. W. W. Mor- ton, Milford Potts, William MUler,Jr., and Mrs. J. B. Cvaj, who haveheen confined to their homes, areable to be out aain. Little MissKatherine Jones is improving. Mrs.Adah McClintock, Mrs. C. R. Jonesand daughter. Miss Elizabeth Jones,who have been confined to theirhome, are able to be out. Messrs.Thomas Mason and E. D. Baldwinare confined to their homes with"flu." Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt is afiiongihe sick.o-ONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st off March we aremaking reductions cf 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order tomake room for Spring goods.E. M. WHEELERRobneel Building..febl3-4t)o- WONDERFUL CHANCE TO 3UYTOOLS.Attend Sheeler's sale and buytools, as you will have no place to' borrow after sale. See advertisement. (td)the movementRev. Father Thomas J. Coleman, pastor of the Church of theAnnunciation, in this city, will deliver a sermon in St. Peter's Catholic church, in Lexington, on Tuesday, 'March 16, on the subject, "Respect For Authority." The addresswill be one of several to be delivered in that church during the Lenten season.Ash Wednesday ushered inLent, and from now on the observance of Lenton vows will hold firstplace in the life of a large .numberof Paris people. The Catholic andEpiscopal congregations especiallywill observe the season. SpecialLenten services will be observed atthese churches. Easter will fall thisyear on Sunday, April 4.The second quarterly meetingof the year will be held Sunday atthe Methodist church. The sacramental service will be observed inconnection with the morning service. On account of having anotherengagement, Rev. C. L. Bohen, thePresiding Elder, will preach at theevening service only. The time ofmeeting for the Quarterly Confer-TODAY, FRIDAYMARGARITA FISHERINCiThe Hellion"PEARL WHITE in The Black Secretand Mutt and Jeff Comedy"Down Stairs and Up"ALAMO AFTERNOON AND NIGHTTomorrow, SaturdayH. B. WARNER3N"The Grey Wolf's Ghost"Also 'Snub' Pollard Comedy"Looking for Trouble"Monday, Feb. 23rdBRYANT WASHBURNJN"Way Smith Left Home"alsoCfARLIE CHAPLINin his latest million dollar comedy"A DAY'S PLEASURE"and Burton Holmes Travel Picture.Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningence will be announced later.Rev W. E. Ellis will preach atmorning- service at the Christianchurch, Sunday, on the subject,"George Washington." With suchan interesting subject and realizingRev. Ellis' ability to preach, it isneedless to say that the servicewill be an interesting one. Youare most cordially invited to attend.There will be no evening services atthe church, as Rev. Ellis will addessthe American Legion memorialmeeting to be held in Cynthianathat night.The following resolutions werepassed by the Men's Bible Class ofthe Christian Sunday School, at ameeting held last Sunday:Whereas, The management of theMoving Picture Shows of our cityhave indicated their intention ofoperating the Picture Shows on Sunday, and we realizing this to be aviolation of God's law and in strictopposition to our many Churchesand Sunday Schools;Therefore, Be It Resolved, By theMen's Bible Class in regular sessionby a unanimous vote. That we register our disapproval and protestagainst such violations of the Sabbath. Be It Further Resolved, That acopy of this resolution be sent tothe City Council for their consideration, asking their co-operation instampine out such evils as SundayMovies, etc., which have' a tendencyto degrade, rather than be an upliftto humanity in our midst.H. L. BALDWIN,President.TOM J. KISER,Acting Secretary.Paducah is the first city in Kentuefcv to have policewomen.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, Bible School, 9:30 a. m.;Morning Worship, 10:45 a. m.; Business Meeting Christian Endeavor,12:00 m.; Mission Band. 2:30 p. m.;J Christian Endeavor, 6 -30 p. m.;Vcr h V!PQ???W?QWQNEW ANP OLDLOVE SONGSThatEverybody LovesWWWWWWWON ,m,m "?jREtUKUSWSfl4lhNEW DOVE SONGSSweet KissesHawaiian Lullaby ...Wonderful Pal , . .On the Trail to Santa Fe .I Never KnewI'm Like a Ship Without a SailRomany Where Love Runs WildArizona Mona ,Your Eyes Have Told Me SoWeeping Willow LaneOLD LOVE SONGSComirr Thru' the Rye ...., The Wind's in the SouthRose in the BudHoming , , . . .Robin AdairThe Moon Has Raised Her LampAboveAnnie Laurie ,Ye Banks and Braes o Bonnie DoonSilver Threads Among the GoldvWcvc Been Chums for Fifty Years .Cor.ie in and hear them todayr s2215322242222612226522200S-J2500927513401854013625004"I.Brooks & SnappOPERA HOUSE SATURDAY, FEB. 21Farewell EngagementAt Reduced PricesmmimNew Program Entirely. Full OrchestraVBilly ClarkRuth GoodwinAnd Entire Company Including Many New FeaturesEntire Change of Program50c,75c, $1 ,00, Including WarTaxSEAT SALE NOWTuesday, All-Day Sewing, Woman'sSociety; Choir Practice, 7:30 p. m.;Wednesday, Treble Clef Club, 3:30p. m.; Prayer Meeting-, 7:30 p. m.;Friday, Choir Practice, 7:30 p. m.m m5DruggistsPRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.A Presbyterian progressive prograjm is being launched by theSouthern Presbyterian church. Thismovement aims at a marked advancein every department of the churchlife. The campaign in the localcongregation of the church will belaunched Sunday, Feb. 22, at themorning hervice. The subject is"A Whole Program For the WholeChurch." Everyone interested inthe welfare of the PresbyterianchuVch is urged to be present andget in touch with this tremendousjmovement.Sunday is the last day of the nation-wide"Father and Son Week.'rAn effort to bring the men and theboys of the country closer together.The Sunday night service will be a"Father and Son" service. Theboys are invited to bring their"dads." The fatheis are invited tobring their sons. The subject is"Your Son and You."Hours of service: Sunday School,9:30 a. m.; Christian Endeavor,6:30 p. m.; preaching 11:00 a. m.and 7:15 p. m. Sermons by the pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie. Special musicby the puartette, Mrs. Macie Fithian, Miss Flora Hill, Mr. RobertHaibepon and Mr. Charlie Mitchell.TO-DAY NATIONWIDE DAY OFPRAYER.Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCE SALEThe Federation of Women's Mission boards has asked that the women of all churches unite in observing the first Friday of the Lenten season as a nation-wide day ofprayer. No program has been arranged, but the parlors of the Christian church will be open this afternoon between the hours of 2-00and 4:30, and all women are askedto come and spend a short time in 'silent prayer and private worship, iThe Board has asked that prayerbe offered for a Christian America:! lor a peace founded on the principles of Jesus Christ; for a spiritualchurch; for ;nission fields; for personal consecration of time and gifts,tnd that oin young people iray betrained to realize their responsibility to Cod and to hujmanity. I-IT PAYS TO ADVERTISEA small advertisement placed inTHE NEWS is bound to produce results, and not be very long about it,either. A few days ago Miss AnneM. Talbott lost a valuable goldwrist watch. She advertised herloss in THE NEWS. The watchwas returned to her, the finder suiting that he had seen the advertisement in THE NEWS. Ben Houston lost a valuable bunch of keys. .He also advertised in. THE NEWS, jThe keys were returned to him. IThe ad in THE NEWS did it. It .pays to advertise in THE NEWST ,Try itl- N , - - " .. .i?a5i WfKvr'USWcrThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider theadvance market prices.BUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALFrf IJ 4Jm:i wiST J 3 AK'fShoes for the Entire Family at . Cut PricesLadies' Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to $7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and- Glazed Kid highgrade boots, values to $8.50.Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray Kid Bootsreduced to $3,45Big lot Ladies' $5.00 Tan Cloth TopLace Boots reduced to $2,99Big lot Ladies' Kid Shoes, warmlined, $3.00 values, at $ 1 .99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to $7.50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.99Dark Tan English, Gun Metal and ViciKid, values to $8.50.Another lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlack Good Work Shoes at $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at $ 1 ,69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to $2.99Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoesreduced to.. $1 .OOBoys', Youths' and Little Gents'$3. 00 Shoes at $ 1 .99Boys' and Youths' Hgh GradeShoes, worth $5.50, at $349m .. mmDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reigniffc.jf -s J