Yff i-S "it"Sor.,...?...-- " 6" A&&riUfc:3'THENEWSI). --PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND 'FRIDAY IK THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXIXPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 1120r-- &&BOURBONIff:Ai11m'hhPROMINENT- BOTJBBOK FARMERTARGET FOR SUITSFollowing the disappearance fromhis hofne in this county and his &c- Icustomed haunts in this city of HIB. Pence, a prominent farmer andtobacco grower of the North Midaietown vicinity, suits aggregating$10,000 or more, have been nledagainst him in the office of CircuitClerk Wm. H. Webb. In the petitions accompanying the suits it i3claimed that Pence has left the,county to avoid service, and has concealed himself so that summons maynot be served on him. When last Jheard from he was reported to be inSt. Louis, Mo.Shortly after Pence was reportedmissing it was claimed that a letterhad been received here from him,stating that he intended to commitsuicide. Rumor connected his disappearance and name with that of ayoung wojman of this city, but theserumors proved unfounded, as thewoman in question was known toTiave been in Paris all the time. Another rumor was to the effect thatPence and companion had become involved in an altercation at a roadhouse near Louisville, in whichPence had shot and killed the woman and then killed hipnself. Theserumors when traced down, provedto have been unfounded in fact. Thenews came later to Mrs. Pence, whoImmediately went to Louisville forthe purpose of instituting a search.Before her arrival, Pence, it wasalleged, had left Louisville, and wasnot heard" of again until the newscame that he was in St. Louis.Pence bore a good reputation inbusiness circles, being associatedwith some of the propninent stockmen of the county as buyer and thenews of his disappearnce came as ashock to those who knew him. Hehas a large number of warm friendshere and in the county, who hopethat the mystery of his disappearance and the termination of hiscnancial difficulties may come atthe same time. Pence's wife andchild reside near North Middletown. oSPECIALS THIS WEEK AT MIS.ELLIS' CASH GROCERY.For this week we are offering thefollowing specials:Extra Fancy Canned Corn, percan 15 centsCanned Apples, per can... 10 centsWhite Salmon, per can 20 centsFancy Peas, per can .. ..15 centsAll kinds of fruits and green vegtables at bargain prices.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY.30-2t)?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWonderfulReductionsCoatsSuitsDressesii-v""Georgette and SilkWaistsStop in andt They milFRANK & CO.LADIES'.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSCaywood & McClintock purchasedyesterday fropi Miss Clara Bacon thelarge mule lot adjoining the mulebarns on South Main street, for f 5,600. Mrs. Lida Conway sold her homeon Mt. Airy avenue yesterday to Mr.Perry McClanahan, of Paris, for aprivate price. The sale was madethrough the Paris Realty Company.Max Munich, of Lexington formerly of Paris, sold this week toMorris Stern, of Stern Bros., junkdealers, a 2-story frame warehouselocated in the old Fair Grounds addition to Paris, near the G. O. Tucktobacco redryer, for $4,500. SternBros, will use ' the property as astorage house.Through the Paris Realty Co.,"Mrs. Louis Mussinon sold to MissLetitia Clay, of near Paris, for $3,000, the iron-covered tobacco warehouse, on Pleasant street, formerlyoccupied by the firm of Mussinon &Abnee. The building will be torndown and moved to the Clay farm onthe Winchester pike, where it will berebuilt as a tobacco barn.Lawrence D. Mitchell, fonmerly ofNorth Middletown, who some timeago moved to Paris and bought theresidence of Mrs. Louis Saloshin, onPleasant street, has sold his homeon College street, in North Middletown, to Mrs. Maude Flanders, fora price not made public. Mr. Mitchell is a mcpiber of the commissionfirm of Perry, McCann & Mitchell, ofParis.Through the Bush Bishop RealEstate Agency, of Paris, Mrs. PearlTaylor sold Tuesday to J. M. McLean, of Falmouth, a tract of fouracres of land with improvements, located near the old Fair Groundssite, for 9,000. The sapie agencyalso sold for Derice Johnson his farmof 62 acres, located near. Jacksonville, to Jos. Reftett, for ?215 anacre.oIn this city, Monday, to thewife of Walter Overly, of Seventhstreet, a son.1-&ti,on- f ?--.o tget out prices.surprise you. J ' :OUTFITTERS, rBIRTHS.-THE TOBACCO MARKETS. .After a shut-down of a week forthe Christmas holidays, and in orderto give the money-laden tobaccomen a change to spend some of theirjmoney, the Paris tobacco marketsreopened Monday, with full floors;of the weed at all the warehouses.At the Paris House of the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co., the sale occupied the entire day, with the saleblocked at their warehouse No. 3.The block sale was completed wih atotal of 388,695 pounds of tobaccodisposed of for a money value of$197,888.19, an average of $50.91.The market was not as strong asit had been on some grades. However, taking into consideration tfiequality of the offerings and compafing the averages of this sale withthose before the holidays the declineis not such as was reported fromother jmarkets, in the judgment ofwell-posted warehousemen, not monjthan three dollars per hundred. Goodcolory tobacco suffered no decline, bnumber of baskets in - the Monday,sale going for $101.The market was stronger at theTuesday sale on good tobacco, andweak on the low grades. A largecrowd was present at the opening of the sales and the interest inthe market was fully as active as itwas during the sales held in theprevious weeks. The American Tobacco Company's representative wasnot on the market in the afternoon,but the competition was spirited andthe bidding lively throughout.Prichard & Gray sold a crop of 5,000 pounds for $4,545, an averageof $90.90. Good prices were obtained for the crops sold at this sale byJ. M. Alverson, of Bourbon county,and by R. B. and M. H. Carmichael,of Clark county. Receipts of tobacco for the day were heavy, and thequality good.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold Wednesday attheir house No. 1, a total of 179,265pounds of tobacco for $88,206.47, afloor average of $49.20. The marketwas steady on good colory. types,1shaky on the low dark colored tobaccos. Conditions were good for k good'prices at the sales -held Wednesdayand buyers bid for the offerings as ifthey thought there wouldn't be anymore .good stuff on the market. Thetobacco came in from this and othercounties in large quantities, andwhen the sales began there werefull floois to be offered. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Companysold at their Bourbon warehouse atotal of 152,910 pounds of the weedfor a money value of $74,715.68, anaverage of $48.86. In the sales werecrops raised in Spencer county, byformer residents of Bourbon county,which sold as follows: Noah Gray,8.885 pounds for an average ,oi$60.29; Gray & Owens, 6,185pounds for an average of $59.64;John M. Clay, 3,250 pounds, for anaverage of $63.74. One basketbrought $1.03 a pound. Other cropLverages follow:Talbott & Speakes, 5,465 pounds;average, $93.60.Prichard & Downing, 2,040pounds; average $89.77.Allison & Rose, 2,075 pounds; average, $70.47.W,. L. Welch, 165 pounds; average $75.93.Burris & Medlin, 2 ,67 5-, pounds;average, $69.43.R. G. Breeze, 2,890 pounds; average $65.32.Layson & Humphries, 4,690pounds; average $57.08.Layson & Burden, 3,145 pounds;average $54.19.Wiggins & Clever, 3,395 pounds;average $60.56.Burris & Sexton, 3,570 pounds;average $59.72.Brennan & Argo, 8,305 pounds ;average $54.18.Israel Jackson, 655 pounds; average, $54.53.F. A. Wallis, 6,045 pounds; average $50.78.Rankin & Tapp, 3,110 pounds;average, $62.92.SLIGHT INCREASE IN RATES.Beginning with-the New Year, Jannary 1, 1920, the ward Tates at theMassie Memorial Hospital will be$1.50 per day, instead of $1.00, asas heretofore. (26-3t)SPEED.An Englishman was boasting toan Irishman about the fastness ofEnglish trains."Why, Pat," said the Englishman,"we run our trains so -fast in England that the telegraph poles looklike a continuous fence."""Do they now?" said Pat. "Well,sir, I was on a train wan day inIreland, and we passed first a", fieldof turnips, then wan of carrots,than wan of cabbage .and a large1 1 pond of water and. we were-going so'last Wiat, It iuu.eu ik.J? enmjt.'H. C. OE L. COMMISSION REPORTSON SUGAR.- The High Cost of Living Compiission is still receiving a great manycomplaints about the high price ofsugar. -The price of sugar in thecity of Louisville ranges all the wayfrom lie to 28c per pound: Thedealers who sell the high price sugar claim that the wholesaler cannotor will not furnish Eastern sugarand that they are charging from 18cto 20c per pound wholesale, for theLouisiana sugar. We cannot understand why they cannot get Eastern sugar at Eastern prices in thisdistrict. A great many of the complainants seem to feel that there isa falsification somewhere and thatthe scarcity of sugar as heretoforesuggested so artifically was for thepurpose of selling the high pricesugar in .this market, therefore theCommission "has started an investigation which will reach from Louisville to Washington and will reportthe result to the people of Louisvillethrough the press as it develops. Wenote an erroneous statement hasbeen circulated with reference tothe Sugar Board. The Sugar Boardstill has jurisdiction over sugar andsugar prices and we are going to request that said board take up theLouisville situation and use our bestendeavors to get Eastern sugar intothis market if the wholesaler can beinduced to handle it. We do notbelieve that it is impossible to getEastern sugar that can be sold1 atthe usual sugar profit, for 12c apound, therefore we are in hopes ofbeing able to fix a price at not morethan 12c within the near future.It is only fair to state that theTetailers, we find from our investigation, are not always profiteering insugar and. other staples, but areobliged to pay, in many cases, theseexorbitant prices to the jobber, andthat the jobber in some instances inturn are not profiteering, but likewise have to pay exorbitant pricesto the producer making it necessarythat the correction of the presentcondition will have to. take place atthe source of production, making itexceedingly difficult for this Commission tis they are most alwaysoutside of our jurisdiction-, butwhere local profiteering is prevailing or where prices are charged orbased on replacement basis insteadof the actual cost, the District Attorneys will begin prosecutions.r TOTE-RESTING OIL NOTESThe regular annual meeting ofstockholders of the Greater Kentucky Petroleum Co., will be held inthe office of Hinton, Bradley & Bradley, in the Bourbon AgriculturalBank building, to-day (Friday) atten o'clock, a. m. One of the principal objects of the meeting will bethe electibn of officers. The call forthe jmeeting is issued by SecretaryJohn M. Stuart.John M. Stuart! of this city, oneof the live wires in oil companypromotions, expresses the belief thatoil stocks will, soon after the NewYear, begin recovering from the recent slump, "and .by March 1, "practically all of the oil securities whichhave substantial properties behindthem will be worth more than theyever were. This opinion is sharedin a large degree by other promoterswho have offices in this ciiy, and bya large number of stockholders, whoare at least willing to be shown alittle prosperity.QAMERICAN LEGION MEETING ATFRANKFORT, JANUARY 5.The Legislative Committee of theAmerican Legion of KentucKy hasbeen called to meet in Frankfort,January 5, at which time a set programme for Legion efforts before thecoming session "of the Legislaturewill be agreed on.D. A. Sachs, Jr., State Adjutant,has notified the following membersof the committee, who will attendthe meeting in Frankfort: AttillaCox, Louisville; Jackson Morris,Pineville; Elmer T, Gray, Newport;James Breathitt, Jr., Hopkinsville,and M. K. Gordon, Madisonville.Mr. Gordon is chairman. He attended the first Legion caucus in Paris,just after' the armistice was signedand has attendedboth national Legion meetings in this country at St.Louis and Minneapolis.The programme of legislation desired by the Legion will be announced at an early dale.v oBANG!Fathei4 woke upTommy Tiad got up"very - angry .early to testlather's new gun. - j"I'm sorry, dad," said Tommy;"I didif't mean to "wake you.. T puli-led the trigger as easy as I could.,,,PARIS CHIT SCHOfiES TO RE-OPEN NEXT MONDAYj o1 . The Paris Public Schools will reopen for the winter season on nextMonday, January 5, 1920, at 8:30 a.m. The schools have many inter,ests planned for the year. The chil! dren will find a new Victrola onrhand to increase their pleasure., The basketball games" will grow inj intensity and interest each .week.J Plans will be made for the girls bas.ketball tournament for March 12jand 13, which will again meet inParis, and which, we hope, will putanother silver cup in our trophycase.Perhaps one of the most significant educational (meetings that willbe held in Kentucky -Ihis year willmeet in Paris on March 26., Thiswill be a meeting of the flatin andGreek teachers of Kentucky, to organize a Kentucky Classical Association. This will include both college and High School teachers. Wehope to have this Association affiliated later with the Classical Association of the Middle West and South.I Examination week is always aninteresting week. This year it willbe the week beginning Monday,January 19.The second semester begins Monday, January 26. At this time anumber of new students will enterjthe High School. Preparations arebeing made to start a new section ofthe Freshjinan class on Manday,January 26, for the benefit of am-'bitious students who are capable ofdoing their High School work inthree and one-half years.Monday, January 26, is a goodtime for children to enter the gradesin the City School, and a large number of country children will enter atthat time.We trust that all teachers and pupils have had a pleasant vacationand will be ready Monday for hardwork. We trust that this will be avery Happy New Year for everyAmerican school child. Begin theNew Year with a high purpose andlive for its fullflllment.LEE KIRKPATRICKSupt. Paris City Schools.BANK DECLARES DIVIDEND OPTHREE PER CENT.The Board of Directors of theFirst National Bank, W. W. Haley,M. R. Jacoby, Chas. C. Clarke, H. A.Power, Jos L Leach and E. . J.Burris, at a recent meeting declaredthe legular quarterly dividend ofthree per cent, and an extra dividend of one per cent.-WE KNOW HVery few men appreciate the extremecare and attention to detail that if givennowadays to the making - of clothesparticularly the making of our SmartClothes. From the inspection of thewoolens from the mill until the finishedgarments are hung in our cabinets readyfor your try-on, there are hundreds ofseparate individual operations, each ofwhich is performed only by skilled master craftsmen. And each operationmust be perfect in itself to make a perfect fitting product.It is the attention to detail this care inmaking the unseen, hidden parts of each9garment as fine as the high standardparts you can see that is what distinguishes our clothes from other clothes.The fit, the style, the smartness may beseen in a try-on before our mirrors.The wearing quality is discovered only'by months of service. Our wearers cantell you tales of unusual service unusual as compared with other clothes,yet not unusual for ours.&MITCHELL &TO HONOR JtOfOJtT OF BOURBON HERO.On the day that the GftMralAssembly of the Kentucky Legislature convenes at Frankfort for the3920 aewion, January Tr the deskwhich was occupied by Captain Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris, as Representative from Bourbon county, will1be draped with an American flag bythe members of Frankfort Post otthe American Legion. Capt. Hutokcraft wasJkilled in action in Francewhile leading his copipany in ax attack on a party of Germans. Hkmemory has become a sacred tkimyto our people, who will regard thianew testimonial to his mesmory witkthe highest faror. The desk whickCapt. Hutchcraft occupied has beeaassigned to Dr. B. F .Reynold, ofCarlisle, Representative from Nicholas county.At Lexington, Tuesday, the memory of Capt. Hutchcraft wa3 furtherhonored at a meeting of the Kappa.Alpha Society of the University oKentucky and the fraternity societies of Transylvania College, held inthe Christ Church Cathedral. Particular mention was made of the heroic services and the tragic but glorious death of Captain Hutchcraft,who was one of the initiates of-thei chapter of the fraternity at tfieTransylvania College, where he laterbecame ' a lecturer in the Law Department, and was ranked as one ofits best-beloved professors.$33,000 FOR DISABLED KENTUCKY SERVICE MEN.Announcement has been pnadfrom Washington that 1,056 checksfor compensation totaling 799,580.61, representing adjustments inkeeping with the retroactive featureof the Sweet bill for the aid of former service men disabled as the result of injuries or illness incurred inactive service in the line of duty,bave been mailed.These checks had been preparein advance, and were ready for thejmails at the time the Presidentsigned the bill.Forty-eight of the checks, totaling '132,970.0s. were sent to beneficiaries In Kentucky.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Visiting hours at the Massie Me-'morial Hospital are as follows: 9 '00to 11:00 a. m.; 2:00 to 4:00 p. nr.;j 7:00 to 9:00 in the evening,j Visitors'will please take note andgovern themselves accordingly.I (26-3t-BL.AKEMOREV- v a-. fr -v , -.aPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYfriday; January 2, 1920 .- rTHE BOURBON NEWSiAWished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationifclished Every Tuesday and FridayYear.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adavance.IWOT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.PUzd at the Parii, Kentucky,YMtoffice mi Mail .Matter of theooad Cbxs.)Amy erroneous reflection upon theitaracter, standing or reputation ofaj rson, firm or corporation whichMj .appear in the columns of THEBtSJRBON NEWS will be gladly cortMitad if brought to attention of theQUE IX)BEIGN REPRESENTATIVES. 3few York American Press Assoaation. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.4Jincinnati Blame-Thompson Co:Xaaisville Stark-Lowman Co.tADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, S1.00per'Sack for first time; 50 cents per inchaoa subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineissue; reading notices In blacktyjM, SO cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiAatM, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisestarts and yearly contracts.Tie right of publisher is reseivedfta decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied by9 cash.GOVERNOR MORROW TO ESTABLISH PRECEDENTS.Governor Morrow will establish aprecedent when he delivers his message to the General Assembly inperson. Heretofore the message ofihe Governor has been submitted inwriting. Governor Morrow will apeart before the General Assembly,probably in joint session, and deliver, his message.It isJ probable that the messagewill recommend the abolishment of"the, -Department of State Forestry.The Geological Survey Department,which was combined with the Forestry Department by an act of the lastLegislature, will be kept in operation. It is not likely that the Governor will advocate doing awaywith the Fish and Game Commission. Another precedent wiil be established by Governor Morrow duringhis administration, as it is his purpose to visit the State institutionswithout announcing beforehand thatlie is going to imake the visit. Governor Morrow says he will go tothese institutions from time to timeto see them as they are, not as theyanight be prepared for the visit of iSrovernor."Well 'Armed!'L4.uGtrWVICL:r?-aVTAfc.C'-v-?;?nr kHVPfl' A,rF- MGMArl'"jcrWhen company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBIKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks."Then, too, her reputa' tion as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery 'time. She kiwws itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingrcdicnls as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities. -Y tc vKca yaa buy it.lea Stc wJira yea use it..sy.iiiT--a.afcSSf.,IMPORTANT DEVELOPMENTS JNKENTUCKY COAL PfeLDS. 'Announcepients of .important development in the coal fields, of Eastern Kentucky, indicate thai' thework will be the most active in thehistory of the mountains. A number of new fields are to be opened.by branch line of. the L. & N.f while!' Ibranch lines of the L. & N., wiilemost of the old operating companiesare preparing to, and in sdnie instances, have already increases inthe production of the plants whichwill facilitate the doubling of coalproduction within the new year. Inthe Rockhouse Creek territory outfrofm Blackey an important newfield, opened during the old year, isto be further developed along extensive lines.It is likely that a further extension of the L. & N., will be constructed up Rockhouse to its headwaters. Announcement of a line entering the headwaters has .also beenmade running out from Dalna, upSmoot Creek, through Smoot CreekGap and into the headwaters ofRockhouse Creek. The Lott's Creekbranch in Perry county, is also tobe further extended, opening an important territory.In this county it is also morethan likely that short line brancheswill be built up Kentucky River,frcjm Kona Station, while anotherbranch is to be built up BeefhideCreek this a section of the detached branch of the Baltimore and Ohiofrom Shelby Station. Large eastern corporations are to develop coallands in that section.It is also likely that a further extension of the Thornton Creekbranch of the L. & N. will go Intoits headwaters. The Klkhorn Collieries Co., is making a good development lower down on ThorntonCreek.oBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSReopening of the- tobacco marketsholds -the attention of the farmers ofthis county, who watch anxiouslyto see what the prices will be afterthe week!s holidays taken during theChristpnas season. Many of thecrops were hauled to the markets tobe sold as soon as possible, some ofthe giowers believing the downwardtendency manifested during -the latter part of the market ending December 19, will be in evidence moreend more as the season advances.Oti6r growers and warehousemenwere expecting prices to be better,and all the houses had big floorsawaiting the buyers.A few forehanded farmers in thecounty, remembering the ice famineof the past summer, have been busily engaged, in gathering ice. It issaid- that many ice-houses have beenfilled with the cleanest, purest icegathered in pnany years, although itis only about four inches thick.Ponds are full of good clean water,having been flooded and refloodedmany times this fall and winter.Wheat and rye as well as othersmall grains, will be greatly benefitted by the snow which fell Sundaymorning. Grazing is practically atan end, and the farmers have resorted to feeding their stock clmostentirely. Corn has been badly damaged by the wet weather, and theoutlook for Jeed corn is decidedlypoor at the present time.Considerable hog killing has beendone. Most hogs have gone to themarket at a satisfacto y price.Those remaining on hand will hardly fatten in the cold weather.. o .IMPORTANT NOTICE..THE BOURBON NEWS takesevery possible precaution to see thatevery subscriber receives a papereach Tuesday end Friday morning.Neverthles-s. papers occasionally goastray, are stolen by passers-by. ordisappear in sqme manner unknownto us. We have a capable force ofcarriers, and we know to a certainty they do their utmost to givetheir customers good service. It isnot alwajs their fault when a subscriber's paper is missed, and we always nive them the benefit of tlwdoubt.Wc are always glad to mail or j?end another copy to any subscriberwhose paper fails to arrive. Dronus a postcard,-or, better sti'i, fall. iu; jover either phone 121, and smother jcopy will be gladly sent. We are jstriving to make our carrier servici infii-fect. and ask the co-operation oiour subscribers to that end. Havingrecently revised and rearranged outsubscription list we hope to makethe services first-class.. oAcorns as Human Food.The Indians of the Pacific coast region, from northern California to Mexico, eat acorns in considerable quantities. Dried and pounded they aremade into a sort of mush, and also into bread. Acorn inoal is usually bleached to free it from tannin and whatever other bitter principles it contains.In certain parts of Italy acorn meal,with the addition of two-third? groundgrain, is made into bread.oApes Fear Fire.Explorer Stanley has given nn account of apes that carry torches atniprht. Ho was doubt less mistaken, forall the monkey tribes are afraid oftire. Nevertheless, gorillas will gatherabout a deserted camplire for the firfkeof wanrth though it -neyer occurs tothem to keep the ci.ibers alight bvRAILWAY BROTHERHOODS 0P-& POSE ANTtSTRIKELEG-ISTI0N.WASHINGTON, Jan. 1 Representatives of the four railway brotherhoods and heads of affiliated tradeshave adopted a declaration ofprinciples opposing legislation whichoulQ niaK.e sinxes oi runway won,-two HHInnffnlCIO UII1U.IV1U1.The declaration, framed at a conference with President Gompers ofthe American Federation of Labor.declared it the sense of organizedrailroad employees that penaltyclauses in pending railroad legislation against workers ceasing- theiremployment should be eliminated.At the conclusion of a five-hoursession President Gompers dictatedthis statement:"On Friday last a number of therepresentatives of the railroad organizations, both shopmen and thetrain service men, were at my officeand we discussed the situation regarding the railroad legislation, andI issued an invitation to the executives of the ten shopjmen's organizations affiliated with the AmericanFederation of Labor and to the fourrailroad, brotherhoods, asking themto meet in conference with me hereto-day."We began our meeting at 3o'clock and adjourned after 8. Theentire time was taken up with a discussion of the parliamentary situation of the railroad bills. We reached these conclusions:"That it is the sense of the conference that the control oi Tne railroads should be exercised by the government of the United States for aperiod of not less than two years, inorder that a proper test may be madeas to the government control."That such test has not beena fair opportunity during war timesor since."This conference is opposed tolegislation making strikes of workers unlawful. It is the sense of thisconference that the penalty clausesin pending legislation on railroads,against workers ceasing their employment, should be eliminated."That the conference favors theenactment of beneficial features ofthe bills, which tend to establishbetter relations between the employees and the carriers."That the beneficial clauses shouldbe extended to the sleeping car andPullman Company employees.''No important decisions werereached to-day by Senate and Houseconferees on the railroad legislation. The provisions of the Cujmmins and Esch bills for regulationof issuance of railroad securitieswere under discussion. No mentionwas made of the labor provisions, itwas said. Some of the conferees believe these may not be reached fortwo or three wTeeks.While the conference reiteratedthe demand of organized labor thatthe government should hold therailroads for a peace-time test of twoyears, the union officials explainedthat they had no reason to doubtthe carriers would be handed backon March 1, the date specified bythe President, regardless of the enactment, meanwhile,""" of legislationfor the protection of the properties.PAPER SCARCITY IS ALARMING.Metropolitan dailies are indulginga wild extravagance of print paper.The rural nublishers face ruin atthe hands of paper hogs. The paperscarcity is alarming. You resent a"corner" in food products thatplaces them beyond your reach.Here is a "corner" in a productwhich welds the community, furthers your vital 'interests, maintainsyour contact with the whole worldand its affairs.When one individual gets morethan his share of something, he encroaches on the portion allotted toanother. The big city paper is invading your rights.Dwellers in small towns manytimes outnumber the metropolitanpopulation. The rural press and itsreaders are the backbone of the nation.When Uncle Sam wants importantinformation, -support or co-operationhe goes to "the rural press and toyou.Senator Jones, of New York, andRepresentative Anthony, of Kansas,have introduced bills to curb the paper hog and protect the ruralpress and its readers.You want your paper to survive,you want your government xo sup-port you as you support it in everymeasure for national good.BaCfc these bills. Write thesemen who have made your interesttheir-. Cqmpel the ten-edition DailyBlank and 120 page Sunday Special(0 cut out live editions or 60 pages0n the seventh day. Your letterwill protect your paper and you.oU. S. TO INVESTIGATE MAMMOTHCAVE SOON.There piobably will be no hearings on the bill of RepresentativeIt. Y. Thomas, Jr., Third KentuckyDistrict, for purchase by the Government of Mammoth Cave untilMarch. It was learned followingan announcement that the NationalPark Commission had requesteddata, concerning the property.The comjmission requested that itbe furnished a map of motor routesto the Cave, the appraised value ofthe property and a copy of the ahstract of title.After this data is obtained thecommisoion will send a man to Kentucky to investigate Kentucky's natural wonder.oA Basket of Eggs.Pataluma, center of the largest poultry district in the world, sent to theGnlfornia Industries and land show nbasket holding 72,")2S eggti. The basket-was15 fdet long, 5 feet high andTHEY WERE ALL THEREIn the Bureau of War Risk Insurance, the flies of our fighting forceslnatpate that many prominent men Jwere 4 represented by namesakes. Of"George Washingtons" there were123, "General Washington" 6;"Robert E. Leo,"'ll0, "John QuincyAdams" 47, Abraham Lincoln" 5.General Grant, G "oral Wellington,General Pickett, General Jacksonand even Napoleon Bonapart werethere, although their rank in theworld war was that of private.oDreadful Mistake.There was a distinct air of chastened resignation about him as hepenned the following note: "DearMiss Brown: I return herewith yourkind note in which you accept my offer of marriage. I would draw yourattention to the fact that it begins'Dear George.' I do not know whoGeorge is, but my name, as you willremeihber, is Thomas." Houston Post.oDon't be shoddy. Fortunate arethe people who wear as well astheir clothes.LostOn streets of Paris, a gold linkcuff button. Initials, "J. B. W." onone side. Finder return to NEWSoffice or undersigned, and receive regard. J. B. WOODFORD,Ciimb. Phone 610. Paris, Ivy.(30-2t)For SaleAbout 250 shocks of fodder and250 shocks of corn at the corner ofthe Lexington and Greenwich pikes.Call undersigned.H. T. JUDY,Cumb. Phone 557. Paris, Ky.LostBetween Fifth and Ninth streets,on Saturday night, a brown fur !neckpiece. Finder will please returnto this office.For SaleTwenty cottages of from four tofive rocrnis each. For full information 5pply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,(30-2t) At Harris & Speakes.LostSaturday, somewhere on Mainstreet, in Paris, a bar pin with yellow topaz. Suitable reward if returned to THE BOURBON NEWSoffice. (S0-2t) ,?ank Stock For Sale!I will offer at public sale, infront of the court house door, inParis, on Monday, January 5, 1920,(Court Day) ten shares of the capital stock of the First NationalBank of Paris.WM. PENN.M. F. Kennev, Auctioneer.(30-2t-pd)Lost; Liberal Reward!Diamond ring set in three large,and fifteen small diamonds, was'either taken from my home on WestSeventh street, Friday, or was lost."The diamond cluster was set inplatinum with small diamonds in'the shank of the ring. If the ringis returned to me I will pay a liberalreward and ask no questions.CAROLINE ROSEBERRY,(tf) 115 West Seventh Street.Piano SeekersFor Sale, Pianos, Player Pianos.Talking Machines and Records. Ifyou have an old 65 note Player.will change it to latest 38 notePlayer. We also do Tuning and Repairing. J. H. TEMPliBMAN PIANO CO.,John B. Geis, Representative, 91 SMain Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 57S.(SO-dec-tf)For SaleA first-class 60-in. Roll Top officedesk. A bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(19-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phono 917.S. K. HUDNALL,Office No. 6 Bank-Row.FARflS FOR SALE!OHIO BLUE GRASS FARMS103 a. of level to gently rolling land, well located, close tochurch and school, 20 a. wheat, balance sowed to grass, 8 room h.,cellar, cement walks, barn 34x64, 80 ton -silo, dairy barn for 23 cows,stalls for 8 horses, implement shed and corn crib combined, poultry h,garage, milk h, plenty of fruit. THIS IS A FINE STOCK AND DAIRYFARM $13,000 one half cash.120 a. near Mason, Ohio, new house of 7 rooms and tenant h, 5rocjms, cellar, 'barn 36x100, cement floors, and feed boxes, stalls for 5horses, stanchions for 25 cows, mow room for 50 tons hay, 25 a. wheat,20 a. fine blue grass, 32 a. clover and timothy. THIS IS FINE LIMESTONE BLUE GRASS LANE) $184 per acre.52 a. in Hamilton County, level land on good pike, well located, 7room h, electric lights, furnace, 2 barns, poultry h, corn crib, hog h,a sheds, garage, 11 a. wheat, 6 a. red clover, 4 a. alfalfa $10,700.51 a. in Hamilton County, fenced into 4 fleld6, 4-room h, barn,poultry h, hog h, corn crib, 6 a. blue grass, only1 15 jmiles from Cincinnati Court Housed $5,500.We have farms, large and small and can suit any buyer in PRICErLOCATION AND TERMS- GET OUR FARM LIST.PARR & WOODRUFF, 321 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, O.TOBACCO FARMSFOR SALENo. 116 a., 8 a. tob. barn, 8 room house $9,500No. 240 a., 9 a. tob. barn, 4 room house $325.00 per acreNo. 348 a., 5 a. tob. barn, 6 room house 300.00 per acreNo. 458 a., 4 a. tob. barn, 6 room house 350.00 per acreNo. 566 a., 8 a. tob. barn. 7 room house 300.00 per acreNo. 675 a., 6 a. tob. barn, 7 room house 300.00 per acreNo. 776 a., 6 a. tob. barn, 6 room house 360.00 per acreNo. 8100 a., 5 a. tob. barn, 5 room house 360.06 per acreNo. 9120 a;, 7 a. tob. barn, 7 room house 450.00 per acreNo. 10136 a., 5 a. tob. barn, 6 room house 300.00 per acreNo. 11150 a., 18 a. tob. barn, 7 room house 325.00 per acreNo, 12 160 a,, 9 a, tob. barn, 7 room house 225.00 per acreNo, 13180 a., 5 a, tob. barn, 6 room house. . . . 340.00 per acreNo. 14226 a,, 20 a. tob. barn, 6 room house 400.00 per aereNo, 15235 a., 8 a. tob. barn, 8 room house 275.00 per acreNo. 16250 a., 12 a. tob, barrs 9 room house 380.00 per acreNo, 17 250 a., 10 artob. barn, 8 room, house. . . . 300,00 per acreNo. 18300 a.. 14 a. tob. barn, 8 room house. .". . 325.00 per acreNo. 19330 a., 15 a. tob. barn, 6 room house. . . . 325,00 per acreAll of the above farms are in Bourbon county andare good buys. We. have many others. Call, write orwire for date.B. T. BISHOP, AgentBoth Phones(decl2-tf)gwaga5Sggps?3-5ZJrsrs"g5.Bgg-d-iasglSllaiiilJiMWllllwC I over H a y !COLLIER BROS.rHave just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay; also anothercarload of nice white corn. Don't forget they have bothNEWAND OLD CORNOffice Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257HfegmisssissuiBiiW-A-N-T-E-DBeech. Sycamore, Maple,Oak and Walnut Logs.If you have any to sell write toC. C. MENGEL 41 BRO. CO.Louisville Kentucky-(dec26-4t-F)JOHN WHITE & GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Liberal assortmentand full value palforFUrawHides MidCoat &:n(n . -13w)A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethtem while our stock iscomplete.QTwinMen'sBros.StoreL. WOLLSTEDT. Proprietor619 Main Street?Mm!&. MtT)miAifiFmKWmt'I3:2LSi2'i?--z---it?ctsmDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drug Store.mm w mA etna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualties -; .A, J. FEEyr' --4j!ung f.-tii fuel.IS fcofwido.(23dec-tf)AGENT.5ATiiif( ii?tVIi-s iiFRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1920NAME "BAYER"IS"Bayer Cross" On Aspirin"Sterling" On SilverLike"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," marked with the safety "Bayer Cross,"can be taken without fear becauseyou are getting- the true, world-famousAspirin, prescribed by physicians for over 18 years.Always buy an unbroken package of "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"which contains proper directions tosafely relieve . Colds, Headache,Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia,Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuritis,Joint Pains, and Pain generally.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost but a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer" packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)oNOW CALLING THE SUBSTITUTE"PERFUMERY"NEW YORK, Jan. 1. Investigation by the police of -numerousdeaths attributed to wood alcoholMEANSASPIRINGENUINEV. p&vnc$poisoning has reveaiea mat in laxative-cathartic you ever experithe last three months Federal per- enced? Cascarets never gripe,anits to manufacture perfumery have sicken or inconvenience one likebeen issued to approximately 2,00uj Salts, Oil, Calomel or harsh pills,persons, of whom, it is said, not j Cascarets bring sunshine to cloudymore than fifty are legitimate man-jpninds and half-sick bodies. Theyufacturers of perfumes. work while you sleep. (adv)According to the police the hold- oers of permits are entitled to buywhat is known as "cologne spirits"at $4.80 a gallon, and those whobought it for other than the makingof perfumes have made purchasesamounting to hundreds of thousandsof dollars.oThere is a bit of folk-lore thateggs cannot be hatched if they arecarried across running water.miMummMmmmmMBmWe Want to Thank theGood PeopleOF PARIS AND BOURBON C0UN-TY POR THEIR GENEROUS PAT-PASTRONASE DURING THETEAR, AND WISH THEM MUCHHAPPINESS AND PROSPERITYDURING THE COMING YEAR.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketCoffee prices!POSTUMCerealis still selling atthe same air priceand is better for you.fry it!Two sizes, usual price lSnd 28?Mode byFosium Cereal Co. Battle Creek.Mich. OBOLD HOLD-UP MEN SEIZESHERIFF, TtTT.T, GUARDTOLEDO, 0., Jan. 1. Posing asChristmas day visitors, six men,early Thursday, attacked three deputies en guard in the Lucas Countyjail, shot oney locked them all in facell, seized the sheriff, locked him'up, and -released four prisoners.Police departments throughout thecountry have been instructed towatch for the fugitives. They are:Edward Meehan, alias P. E. West, aconvicted murderer and safeblower;Albert Loach, burglar; Lee Mitchell,safeblower, and Prank Howard, safeblower and burglar. The rescue, wasthe boldest in the history of Toledo.The six men came to the jail in anauto. To, the deputies on guard theyappeared to, he, citizens' intent onwishing everybody in the jail aMerry Christmas.' In the strugglewith guards, Deputy Leo Noonan wasshot through the body. Sheriff JohnMathias was asleep at the time. Therevolver shot awakened him. Herushed ?to the corridor, .where thefight was" in progress. Mattiias .wasseized and carried to' a cellar in thejail.o"CARRY ON"!If Constipated, Biliousor Headachy, take' "Cascarets"" eSe I ( .-t-1Feel grand! Be efficient! Don'tstay sick, bilious, headachy, constipated. Eemove the liver and bowel poison which is keeping your headdizzy, your tongue coated, yourbreath bad and your stomach sour.Why not get a small box of Cascarets and enjoy the nicest, gentlestCENSUS ENUMERATORS TO BE-GIN THEIR WORK SOONThe census enumerators will soonbegin their work of counting headsin Paris and Bourbon county, andthey should be given encouragementand co-operation by every citizenof the city and county. It is veryimportant that every citizen of Parisbe counted, as the larger our popula-, j tion the better it will be for the welfare and growth of the city. Whenthe enumerators come around THENEWS hopes our citizens will gladlyfurnish all the information askedfor, and be sure to furnish names ofall the persons in their families.All persons who will be awayfrom home while the census is beingtaken are asked to write CensusSupervisor Jos. Morris, at Lexington, stating their age, street number, of each individual so absent andbirthplace and date of birth of par-j ents. Mr. Morris will then see thatI the information gets to the enumer-atorB and t;hat tne Persons so writing are muiuueu in iub tcuaua.The actual work will start onJanuary 2, and will be finished intwo weeks in cities and villages of2,400 or more population. In therural districts it must be finishedwithin one month. Chief .ClerkSamuel H. Dailey, of the Lexingtonoffice, is instructing the Bourboncounty enumerators in their work.DON'T YOU FORGET IT.Bear in mind that Chajmberlain'sTablets not only move the" bowelsbut improve the appetite andstrengthen the digestion. They contain no pepsin or other digestiv.eferment but strengthen the stomachand enable it to perform its functions naturally.(adv-jan)wnSHE BOURBOKL-NEWS, . EA&I, . KENTUCKYSOC1AL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Lillian Ewalt is very ill ather home on South Main street.Mrs. John Clark and children,of Louisville, are guests at the homeof Mrs. W. R. Fenwick, in this city. 'M. H. Beattie, of Tulsa Okla-'horaa, is a guest of friends in thiscity. IMrs. J. W. Bacon and Miss Clara 'Bacon leturned Wednseday from avisit to Mrs. Henry Behrman, in.Newport. iMrs. S. E. McClanahan has re- tturned from a visit to her parents, 'Mr. and Mrs. William Farris, in 'Fleming county. jMiss Rosana Ruttencutter, of .Covington, is a guest of MissesEloise and Ijmogene Alexander, of .Parrish avenue.Mrs. Edward F. Spears enter-!tained the members of her bridgeclub yesterday afternoon, at herhome on Cypress street.Miss Margaret Woods, of WestEighteenth street, Covington, is aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Whaley, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Pratherand little daughter, Virginia, havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Garrison, in Georgetown.Mrs. Victor Whitridge, of Cincinnati, is a guest at the home ofher daughter, Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton,and Mi. Hinton, on High street.After spending the Christmasholidays in this city with relatives,Jay Petree has returned to hisstudies at the University of Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Rosebenyhave as guest at their home nearthis city, Mrs. Roseberry's mother,Mrs. May Stoner Clay, of Louisville. Miss Louise Connell entertained a number of friends with a dining yesterday evening, at the homeof her parents, Mr." and Mrs. JohnJ. Connell, on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Booth, formerly of Paris, now residing inBirmingham, Ala., are guests at thehome of Mrs. Booth's parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee, on Fifth street.Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown haveclosed their handsome Cypressstreet home, "Casa Loma," for theWinter, and have moved to their residence on Main street, betweenEighth and Ninth streets.Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Wall is,who have been holiday guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay, Sr., and other relativesin this city and county, will returnto-day to their home in New YorkCity.Mrs. Wade H. Wbitley was hostess Wednesday at her home to anumber of guests at luncheonbridge, in compliment to Mrs.Dwlght Watson, of Anderson, Ohio,guests of Mr. and Mrs. VirgilGaitskill.Mrs. Dwight Watson, of Anderson" Ohio, who is a guest of Mrand Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, wastheguest of honor" Monday evening at aluncheon given by Miss ElizabethGrimes, at her home on Duncanavenue, (jovers were iaia ior tweiveguests, as follows: Mrs. Watson,honor guest, Mrs. Thompson -H. Tarr,Mrs. J. Tollie Young, Mrs. BueknerWoodford, Mrs. Pay Ardery, Mrs.Virgil Gaitskill, Mrs. Wade H. Whitley and Miss Elizabeth Grimes. Theluncheon was a most delightfulevent in all details.(Other Personals on Page 5): : oPEOPLE ARE WARNED AGAINSTTAKE CENSUS TAKERS"Beware the fake census takerwho is apt to come to your homeunder presense of enumerating youfor the census, when his real purpose will be robbery of the house."This warning has been sent to thehousekeepers of this district,through, the police and the countyauthorities for the benefit of thepublic.The work of taking the 1920 census will begin this (Friday) morning. Each of the enumerators depntizefl bv the Government will benmvided with badges, credentialsand identification cards, which theywill be required to show housekeepers. Any otheis posing as enumerators should be reported to the authorities promptly, as they will verypalpably be fakes and not authorized to do the work of enumerators.. -oDOG LICENSE FIGURESIn the year just closed overtwo hundred dogs running thestreets without their liense tags,wArP killed bv the city and countyofficers in compliance with the dogtax law. Up' to date only 251 owners of dogs have taken out licenses'as compared to a total of 2,592 in1918. The law expressly specifies4-hcf it itoem Tmust Wear a 1920"license tax by January 1, or be killed. The officers have no discretionin the matter, and the law must beobeyed. Secure your aog s tag now,and see that the .animal wears it alltime3, or your ddg may be missing.-o"Water Chestnut" the Latest.From China has been obtained the"water chestnut," the tubers of which,eaten raw or in stews, 'are a sourceof 'much gratification "to the palatesof pig-tailed epicures. They are alsosliced and shredded for soup.Amazing Success Has BeenFACTS ABOUT TANLACTwelve million bottles sold infour years.At present rate of sales grandtotal will reach 15,000,000 bottles by end of present year.Large and modern laboratories -at Dayton, Ohio, occupy60,000 sauare feet of floor space.Capacity of plant recentlydoubled to take care of rapidlyincreasing business. Presentcapacity 36,000 bottles daily.Branch plant recently established in Canada, with a capacity of 8,000 bottles daily.Demand for preparation hasbroken all woild's records forsame length of time, and is constantly increasing.Publicly indorsed through thedaily press by men of prominence throughout the UnitedStates and Canada, includingsupreme court judges, mayorsof leading cities, lawyers, doctors, bankers, state and government officials, prominent educators and well-known ministersof the Gospel.Now sold from coast to coastand from Gulf to Great Lakes,throughout the United Statesand-Canada.Tanlac is purely vegetable andis composed of the most beneficial roots and herbs known toscience. Formula complies withall national and state pure foodhealth laws of United Statesand Canada.Absolute merit responsible forunprecedented success.WORLD'S REG!BROKEN j! TANLACOverOne Million BottlesSold First Ten Weeksof This Year.Tanlac has brought a new romanceto the commercial world. It is thestory of an acceptance and appreciation of merit never before attainedby a proprietary medicine. Staidbusiness men to whom the actualfiguies of the production of Tanlachave been presented have scoutedthem until the proof was shown.The production of Tanlac nowstands at the rate of almost fourmillion bottles per year. The exactfigures are 3,992,800. The sale of amillion bottles in the first ninemonths, which far exceeded any record ever made by a proprietary medicine, now seems insignificant.OVER 17,000 BOTTLES A DAY.Sales this year bid fair to smashall previous records, as the sale forthe first ten weeks of this yearamounted to over One Million bottles, an average of over one hundred thousand bottles per week,which is at the rate of more thanseventeen thousand bottles per day.It seems almost incredible, butthese are actual figures and such isthe record established by this wonderful medicine."One firpi alone," said Mr. G. F.(Willis, the international distributorof Tanlac, "has given orders for atotal of 150,000 bottles within eighteen months' time. The firm I refer to is the Spuilock-NeaKCo., ofNashville, Tenn. Mr. C. S. Martin,president of this great firm, who isalso president of the Southern DrugJobbers' association, will verify thissiatement."Tanlac is the result of manyyears of arduous study by Mr. Coop-crand his principal chemist. Infact, the " two of thG)m have carefully watched its development fromthe beginning of the experimentalstage to its present state of efficiency. So remarkable have been theresults obtained from this medicinethat I doubt seriously if eithe'r ofthese men realize the immensity oftheir success. Like many othergreat discoveries, it has requiredtime to prove its far-reaching effects." RETAILS 700 BOTTLESOF TANLAC IN ONE DAYAtlanta, Ga.Mr. G. F. Willis,Fourth Nat'l Bank. Bldg.,Atlanta, Ga.Dear Sir: Replying to your inquiry we are pleased to advise thatwe are now' selling Tanlac at therate of considerably more than 2,000bottles per week.On" one Saturday alone we, soldthrough our eleven Atlanta storesapproximately 700 bottles at retaildirect to customers.Have' had the exclusive agencysince September, 1915, and havesold over 75,000 bottles.JACOBS PHARMACY CO.Achieved By Famous TanlacTanlac, the Celebrated Medicine WhichHas Been Accomplishing Remarkable Results in the United States andCanada, Will Now Be Sold in ParisBy the Peoples Pharmacy Remarkable Sales Record of TwelveMillion Bottles Phenomenal and Unprecedented. ."-.Tanlac, the celebrated jmedicine which has been accomplishing suchremarkable results throughout the United States and Canada, ani.which has been having a "phenomenal sale wherever it has been introduced, will now be sold in Paris by The Peoples Pharmacy. The amaxing success achieved by this medicine in only four years' time is notonly phenomenal, but unprecedented.The discovery of Tanlac, the beginning of its manufacture, the establishment of the large and modern laboratories at Dayton, Ohio, occupying more than 60,000 feet of floor space, reads more like fictionthan facts from latter-day commercial history.Twelve Million Bottles Sold in Four YearsAlthough placed on the market but little more than four years agoover twelve million bottles have been sold, and its sales record probablyhas never been equaled in the history of the drug trade in America.From coast to coast and from 1 he Gulf to the Great Lakes, Tanlacis known and honored. Millions have taken it and have pronounced itthe toatrst medicine of all time. No matter where you go throughoutthe United States, v.hether East, West, North or South, Tanlac is ahourehold word and is now unquestionably the most widely talked ofmedicine m the world to-day.Briefly, this is the record of the truly marvelous medicine whichwill now -be placed within the reach of every one. In only a fewwvks time it will e placed on sale in practically every large city,town, village and hamlet throughout the entire section.LEADING DRUG FIRMS OFAMERICA TELL OF SALESCommunications From Prominent Dealers All OyerAmerica Tell of Unprecedented SuccessofThe following are extracts from letters and telegrams from prorafnent dealers all over the United States and Canada telling in plain,cold figures of the remarkable growth and development of Tanlacthroughout America.Memphis, Tenn.Since we have handled Tanlacour sales 'have amounted to 359,564bottles. April was our twelfthmonth and we sold five carloadsduring 'that month alone.HESSIG-ELLIS DRUG CO.Nashville, Tenn.Our books show that we havebought and disposed of over fifteencarloads of Tanlac (180,000 bottles), in this immediate territory,setting a record as the largest saleby us in a given time of any proprietary medicine in the history ofour business.These sales -were made with noeffort en our part and without asingle complaint frompatrons or sub-agenciesSPURLOCK-NEAL CO. iC. S. MARTIN, iVice-President and Gen'l Mgr. !Knoxville, Tfnn.Experience with Tanlac most satisfactory-Have handled it two yoarsand have sold over 110,100 bottlessince taking the agency.KUHLMAN-CHAMBERS CO.Dallas, TexasWe have handled Tanlac sinceJanuary 1, 1917, and have sold todate 196,408 bottles. Our dealingswith Mr. Willis highly satisfactory.GREINER-KELLY DRUG CO.Jacksonville, Fla.Have been handling Tanlac sixteen months and have sold at retailin our two Jacksonville stores approximately 20,000 bottles. Accountvery satisfactory in every respect.Cannot speak too highly of proprietors. BEETS PHARMACY, INC.Houston, Tex.We began handling: Tanlac November, 1916, and have disposed ofabout 167,040 bottles. Has been amost satisfactory account and weaire enthusiastic in our support.SOUTHERN DRUG CO.PAGE THREE-Tanlac.&&Port Worth, Tex.We have bought and distributed177,492 bottles of Tanlac and find-itthe greatest seller we have ererhanaTed or had anything to do with.MAXWELL-CLARK DRUG CO.Toronto, Ont., Can., Dec. 1 1918.We 'have sold I46,3'28 bottles ofcTanlac since accepting the agency".This shows an average of eightthousand bottles per month.LAYMAN BROTHERS.Atlanta, Ga.We gladly give our experiencewith Tanlac. We took the agencyin October, 1915, and have sold todate 162,444 bottles at wholesale.any of our'Aceounc very satisfactory.I LAMAR-RANKIN DRUG CO.Birmingham, Ala.Since we began handling: TanlacI we have sold 170,472 bottles in ourterritory.We have found it the largest sellerwe .have in proprietary medicines.DOSTER-NORTHINGTOX DRUG COSeattle, Wash.Since we accepted the wholesaledistributing agency for Tanlac inthis territory on March 14, 1918,we have sold 78,624 bottles of thepreparation.STEWART & HOLMES DRUG CO.TANLAC TO BE SOLDOVER ENTIRE STATEIn only a few weeks' timeTanlac will be placed on sale in-1practically every large city.town, village and hamlet in the JState.A number of agencies already 1have been established in a verylimited time, but it is desired i.by the manufacturers that the?distribution Jbe'made more complete cna-iax-reacning.Druggists and dealers who are.interested should write or tale-graph G. F. Willis, Fourth Na- ftional Bank Bldg., Atlanta, Ga,1-rrv'i "1-- &vl" IPAGE FOURTHE BOURB0N NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- ' y-FRIDAY JANUARY 2, 1$2-4.?lruN.For Sale or Exchange.Chevrolet All-Weather Sedan,closed top. Come and see.I. M. DAY.At E. F. Spears & Sons' Garage.CJan2-lt-pd)NOTICE01 THE TIME AND PLACE "FIXEDBY THE JMPHtiVBMEftT COMMITTEE OF THE CITY OFPARIS FOR THE INSPECTIONAND' RECEPTION OF MAINSTREET FROM TENTH STREETTO FOURTEENTH STREET. ..-'Notice is hereby given by the Improvement Committee of the City ofParis that on Tuesday, January 6,1920, at ten o'clock a, m. said co,mmitte will inspect that portion ofMain street5 in the City of Paris between Tenth street and Fourteenthstreet, which, has recently been constructed and will receive said workif it is found to be according toplans and specifications. The costof said construction per lineal footis as follows:From Tenth Street to Eleventh Street $ 3,452Prom Eleventh Street toTwelfth Street 3,432From Tweltk" Street toThirteenth Street, EastSide.. 3,472.Prom Twelfth Street toThirteenth. Street, WestSide 3,502Fropn Thirteenth Street toFourteenth Street. . . .Concrete Curb, per cu. yd.,4, 22Gextra.. -.. 30,000One-third of the expense of saidstreet will he borne by the City cfParis and the remaining two-thirdsby the abutting property owners.E. B. JANUARY,Chairman of the Improvement Committee of the Citv of Paris.(2-lt)FREEitUllIDELIVERY!IWe have made arrangements with the Merchants'Delivery Company for twor deliveries a day.xYour business is solicited.Both phones.IVMrs. Elite' CashJf GroceryOppoftt Cwut HtuscParis. Ky.Brooks C& SnappDruggistsAnd we havePathe Phonographs' Novo Flash Lights. KodaksAnsco Photo SuppliesToilet Articlesand lots of nice thingsbesides theser-Brooks C8k Snapp- i.,;- Druggists vFATE DIffi5T0 CA1ICTISJudge Charles A. Hardin, chairman of the Democratic Central andExecutive Committee, has issued acall for a caucus of the DemocraticSenators-elect and Democratic holdover Senators to meet in the Senatechamber at Frankfort Monday nightJanuary 5. He also issued a call forthe Democratic members-elect of theHouse of Representatives to meet inthe House chamber at the sajme dateand time, ' ,iPublic RentingOFBourbon County FarmBecause of the failure to complywith the rental terms, the farm tfMiss Letitia Clay, will again bepublicly offered at the Court Housedoor, in Paris, Ky. onSaturday, Jan. 10, 1920at 11 o'clock a. m.f for the year beginning March 1, 1920. Said ianm islocated on the Winchester pike, 5 Imiles fropn Paris, and contains 301.4J acres to be cultivated as follows: 15acres in tobacco; 103.67 acres incorn; 40.82 acres to remain in timothy; 24.21 acres to be sowed in timothy and clover; 27.81 acres to besowed in timothy and blue grass,and 89.89 acres to remain in bluegrass. Said farm will be well watered a concrete pool in addition isto be be built in the spring.The farm contains a two-storyframe residence with eight rooms,kitchen, enclosed back porch, withcistern, bath rooms, cellar, furnace,a three-room cabin, a five-acre tobacco barn, with horse stalls, corncrib and necessary outbuildings. Atenant house with four rooms andkitchen and a ten-acre tobacco barnare to be built in the Spring.Right is reserved to reject any orall bids.TERMS Two negotiable notes forequal parts of the "rental price, payable on September 1, 1920, andMarch 1, 1921, respectively, bearinginterest from maturity.H. C. HOWARD, Agent.Geo. D. Speakesr Auctioneer.(jan2-6-9)Public AuctionOFBourbon Co. FarmWe, as agents for Miss Ida Arkle,will sell her farm of 3 acres locatedon the Bethlehem pike, about threefourths mile from Paris on the Interurban line, onThursday, Jan. 8, 1920at 10:30 a. m. without "reserve orby-bid. The improvements consist ofa 5-room house, newly built, withfront and .back porch. It has a stable and all necessary out-buildingsin excellent ' repair, also a smallorchard. This land is "all good tobacco land.TOBE 'SOLD RAIN OR SHINE.TERMS Easy and made knownon day of sale. ..HARRIS & SPEAKBS.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(2-2t) L. D. Harris, Mgr.'RELIGIOUS.Services were conducted at theChurch of the Annunciation, yesterday (New Years' Day) by Rev. Father Anasthasius Swengler, of Louisville, who is stationed here as temporary pastor of the church.pishop Louis W, Burton, ofLexington, will conduct services atSt. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity, at 10:45 o'clock Sunday morning. A cordial invitation is extended to the public to attend this service. Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of thePresbyterian church, will begin aseries of Sunday evening' sermons atthe church next Sunday, with theopening subject, "Is There AnyRoom In The Business Man's LifeFor Religion?" The topics for -thesermons to follow will be: Sunday-,January li, "Is There Any Need InThe Business Man's Life For Religion?" Sunday, January 18, "WhatKind of Religion Do Men Want?"Sunday, January 25, "Men Wanted." Everybody Invited to attend.Me)mbers of the Epworth Leagueof the Paris Methodist church helda "Watch Party" in the church auditorium Wednesday night, whichwas largely attended. The servicebegan with the regular prayer meeting at 7:30 o'clock. - At the close ofthe prayer meeting the Leaguerstook charge of the proceedings. Thetime was delightfully spent in a social way, closing with all kneeling inprayer as the Old Year -died and theNew Year was born.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHSunday School at 9:00 a. m., Mr. O.L. Davis, Superintendent; sermon,11:00 a. m. by Rev T. S. Smylie,pastor, subject, "Goals For 1920;"Sunday morning service will be regular quarterly communion service;at 7:15 p. pn. Rev. Smylie willpreach the first of a seriesof Sunday night sermons, subject:"Is There Any Room In A BusinessMan's Life For Religion?" MissMary Dan Harbeson will sing atboth services. Christian Endeavorat 6:15, subject, "I Believe In God;"Consecration meeting. Miss LouiseDailey, leader.On account of Christmas Eveand prayer meeting coming on thesame night, the regular mid-weekservice Wednesday night took on aspecial significance. . Rev. T. S.Spiylie gave an interesting talk,taking as his subject, "The ChurchAwakened By Self-Examination."Mrs. Macie White Flthian sangbeautifully several solos, supplemented by an inspiring musical program. oB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoSEVERELY BURNED BY EXPLOSION OF GASOLINEAs a result of an explosion of .gasoline in the clothes cleaning department of his barber shop, on Eighthstreet, Tuesday morning, John Asher, colored, in an effort to extinguish the flames, was severely burned about the face, hands, legs andarms. Charles5 Howard, his helper;who was cleaning clothes, and in tlieroom at the time of the explosion, Jwas also -badly burned about thehands and head. A serious fire wasprevented by the heroic efforts ofAsher and Howard and the men whorushed to their assistance. An alanmjwas sent in from Box 24. The Aredepartment responded, but theflames had been subdued before theirarrival. Property damage about$150.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoMAKES CHRISTMAS RECORDEighteen annual Christmas tripsas a rural mail carrier, ' and withnot a trip missed, in spite of anykind of weather, is the good recordmade by Mr. Oscar W .Miller, carrier on Rural Route No. 4, out ofthe Paris office. Last Thursdaymarked the celebration of Mi. Miller's eighteenth Christjmas trip, Heentered the service in November,1902, starting at a salary of $500 ayear, which has since been increased gradually by the bills passed inCongress for the rural carries' payuntil he is now receiving a monthlysalary of $121. With the first ofthe new year he will receive an additional increase, of $16.66 permonth. 4When Mr. Miller first entered theservice he had a list of thirty-eigh.tpatrons who had erected boxes. Atthe present time he is serving &clientele of one hundred and eie-htv-one, each one owning a mail box.His route covers a distance oftwenty-eight miles. He is now Inhis seventy-first year, and says henothing to coniplain of in the work.BEST GASOLINE AND KEROSENExuuxw uiuuttt, SilldUITEDThe Western Petroleum Co. isnow ready to servA ihe ntiitA uQuality- and Service Gasoline andKerosene. Your order will be an,predated.- NIMRX)D CRUMP, Agent..Both Phones 503. (16-lmo)'MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Walter E.'Deering, 25, and Miss Clanne E.Roberts. 28. both of Paris. " IMarriage licenses were issuedTuesday from the -ofllce of County !Clerk Pearce. Paton, tb John O.Leach, 23, and Miss Anna R. Fisher,23, both residing near Paris, andCharles Hatfield, 28, of near Paris,and Miss Goldie Rose, 20 of Nineteenth street, Paris.Friends and relatives in thiscity and county have received thefollowing announcement cards."Mrs. Alice Harlan announces themarriage of her niece, Ruth E.Chajmbersto Mr. Wills Jacoby, Saturday, December twenty-seventh,nineteen hundred and nineteen,Indianapolis, Indiana. At Home,Paris, Ky,"DANIEL KELLER, -. . ...: The following engraved invitations have been issued: "Mr. andMrs. William Myall request thehonor of your presence at the (marriage of their daughter, Mrs. EdithMyall Daniel, to Mr. Irvine MorseKeller, on Saturday, the tenth ofJanuary, One thousand nine hundredand twenty, at five o'clock in the afternoon, One thousand and twentyfive Main Street, Paris, Kentucky."Many pre-nuptial social eventshave been planned -in honor of thebride-elect by friends to whom shehas become endeared by her gentleness, and many lovable qualities ofcharacter. Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft entertained for her Wednesday afternoon. Her cousin, Mrs.Oscar M. Johnson, entertained ather home in Millersburg yesterdaywith a family dining in her honor,while this afternoon Mrs. CatherineDavis Craig and Miss Belle Hortonwill give a handkerchief shower forher at the home of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, onHigh street. Several other partiesare planned for the cqming week.BURNETT HOUSTON.One of the surprise weddings ofthe season was that which happened in this city Saturday night,when Miss Edna Burnett and Mr.Henley Houston, both of this city,were united in marriage at the residence of the officiating minister,Rey. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The young people had been lovers for a long time,and planned for the wedding a longtifme ahead, keeping their secret sowell that no one knew of the comingevent until some time after its con-e i r v o 4-1 fr .The bride is an attractive youngwoman, of about seventeen, thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. ElishaBurnett, of Winchester street, thiscity, and a sister of Robert and Tilford Burnett. Until very recentlyshe had been a student at the ParisHigh School. The groom is a son ofMrs. Jajmes C. Maxey, of Paris, andis the employ of -the Louisville &Nashville at this point in a responsible position., Immediately after the ceremonyand receiving congratulations andgood wishes, Mr. and Mrs. Houstonleft for a few days visit to friends inKnoxville, Tenn. On their returnthey will make their home in thiscity.oWhen a fellow is in debt he doesnot jmind feeling put out about it.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Denositand Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 5, 1920,oetween uie hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing .year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trus't Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbankin ghouse on Monday, January5, 1920, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect eleven directors for the ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(2-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmersand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 5, 1920between the" hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m.f to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. .MITCHELL, Cashier.(2-td) .Notice to StockholdersThfi RtnnVhnlilpra rf -The KMraf "Motional Bank,' of Paris, 'Kentucky,will meet at, .their banking' house onTuesday, January 13, ' 1920, "' between the hours of 9 a. 111. -and $ p.m to elect "directors for the ensuing year. .--,,(9-td) ' - 'JBoy WantedIndustrious young man wanted tolearn the wall paper business.Good wages while learning. Regular advancement as earned. Applyat once.(2-tf) j THE FAIR.FOR SALEn1Anew Victroia, one davenetteand mattress; a Studebaker auto.All in first-class condition.MRS. RICHARD MOORE,133 East Eighth Street.(2-lt) Cumberland - Phone 174.STATEMENT OF THE CONDITION OFBourbon-Agricultual Bank & Trust Co.s , ' - ABIS, KENTUCKY,At the close of Business, December 31, 1919. fRESOURCES.Loans and Bills .. ..$1,136,032.40U. S. Bonds 12,887.38Real Estate 15,000.00Furniture & Fixtures 500.00Overdrafts 5,006.35Cash 50,850.78Due fro;m" Banks .. .. 323,089.55$1,543,366.46A Share of Your Business is Respectfully Solicited.OFFICERS Jno. T. Collins, President; Buckner Woodford, Cashier; B. J. Santen, Assistant Cashier.DIRECTORS John Marston, John T. Collins, W. O. Hinton, W. H.McMillan, N. Kriener, Samuel Clay, J. M. Caldwell, Jas. L. Dodge, W. WHall.ANNUALFARMERS BANK OFat the close of business, December,RESOURCESCash and Due fromBanks $-98,026.56Loans 515,454.67Bank Building andFurniture 5,000.00$618,481.233 Paid on Time Deposits.Our new Bank Building will1920.138th SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTPeople's Deposit Bank & Trust Co,Organized in 1851.At the close of business December 31, 1919, after paying regular 5 percent, semi-annual dividend:RESOURCESCash S 35,945.25Cash Items 29,637.38Due From Banks .... 144,003.79Real Estate ..-.. .. 12,000.00Furniture and Fixtures 1.00Overchecks 1,951.98Other Assets 681.10Loans and Securities. 1,306,142.46$1,530,362.96 !COMPARATIVE DEPOSITS:July 25, 1914 ." -. $ 548,492.21June 30, 1915 . ... 604,815.11June 30, 1917 :. 845,584.91June 30, 1918 880,154.85'December 31, 1918.. . 1,024,821.66December 31, 1919 . . . .' . . . . . 1,273,871.35STATEMENT OF THE CONDITION OFThe Farmers & Traders Bankof Paris, Kentucky, at the close of business December 31, 1919:Began Business January 3, 1916.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts. .".$391,939.03U. S. Bonds 15,815.91Stocks, Bonds and OtherSecurities 5,804.50Overdrafts 5,352.39Furniture and 'Fixtures 600.00Cash 17,340.71Due from Banks 157,179.79$594,032.33Gross Earnings Past Six Months ..Distributed a3 follows:Second Semi-Annual Dividend3Surplus Fund .Expenses . . . . .Tax Reserve . . ....Interest Reserve . . . .' .Furniture and' FixturesUndivided "Profits' .?' -r. . ; . c' yvI, W. W. Mitchell, Cashier" of the Farmers and Traders Bank ofParis, Ky., do solemnly swear that the Above statement Is .true to. thebest of my knowledge and belief.W. y. .MITCHELL. Cashier' ;','Subscribed and sworn to before me tills 31at of December, '1919,JOHN y" YERKES 'Notary Public, Bourbon County,' Ky My. commission expires Marcli 251923. " " J - -'NOTICE,. .All parties owing jme are requested to call and settle at once, asall accounts on my books are- dueon January 1. Please "be prompt, asit takes money to run business.(2-3t) J. ELVOVE.Is5NOTICE.The undersigned, on Thursday .January 1, 1920, adopted a slightchange in their scale of prices, andbeginning on that date will charge- vtwenty eents for each shave.CARL CRAWFORD, - r,' CAHAli BROTHERS,RUSS CORBIN.(2jan-tf) v -.LIABILITIESCapital Stock ? 200,000.00Surplus 125,000.00Undivided Profits.. .. 22,215.61Reserved for Taxes . . 6,185.22Individual Deposits .. 1,189,965.63.$l.o43,366'.4SREPORT OFMILLERSBURG, KY.,SI, 1919:LIABILITIESCapital Stock . .- . . . .$ 30,000.00Surplus Fund 25,000.00Undivided Profits .... 748.69Deposits 562,732.54$618,481.23be. ready for business February Jl,SANFORD ALLEN, Cashier.LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 150,000.00Surplus.100.000:00Undivided Profits. .Due Banks:Rediscounts . .Individual Deposits6,491.61.00. ..00S1.273, 871.35-11,530,362.96LIABILITIESCapital Stcck . .SurplusUndivided Profits. . .Reserved for Taxes..Resened For Interest.$60,000.00-17,500.00"1,546.97l,090.8fO-116.52INDIVIDUAL DEPOSITS 513.77S.04". . $594,032.33...$11,0271 7'.7 .. . .$ 1,800.00'. 3.000.00. 3;769.67. 1,200.00350,00500 22407.28$11,027.17" J$11,027.17'AImKiJi f -C,fHJ48r.iTI-i- -. NW,''. fi. " ",,,-FRIDAY, JANUARY '2 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVEFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEY. M. C. A. NOTES." raig Tucker wvon the half-mileNew Year's race at the Y, M. C. A.yesterday, and Leslie O'Neill, in asensational nnieh took the two mileevent, with Norbert Friedjman secune. A big crowd was out to see thehoys in the gymnasium events. Effort will be made to make the 'NewYear's reception and demonstrationan animal event.oATmraON, MODEBN WOODMEN.There will he a regular meeting ofCamp No. 11330, Modern Woodmanof America, at the regular meetingplace, Knights of Pythias Hall, tonight, Friday, January 2, 1920, at7:30 o'clock. Election of officersand other important business. Youare urged to be present.H. C. HENSON, Clerk.o .PICTUBE PEOGRAM AT THESEAND AND ALAMO' To-day, Friday. January 2 Wallace Reid, in "The Valley of TheGiants;" Pearl White, in "TheBlack Secret;" Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "The Shell Game"To-morrow, Saturday, January 3Billie Burke, in "The MisleadingLady;" James J. Corbett, in "TheMidnight Man;" Comedy, "HisOnly Father."Monday. January 5 Mabel Nor-mand, in "Pinto;". Paramount-Sen-J Puone and Telegraphnett Ccpnedy, u Treating 'EmRough;" Burton Holmes TravelPictures.THINGS TO WOBUY ABOUTThe mortals who preside over the"copy" grinding departments ofTHE NEWS would be greatly pleased if contributors to their departments would not write upon bothsides of the paper. While we appreciate contributed articles we wouldesteem them much more highly ifwritten in the style approved innewspaperdcpn, and thus ready forlinotype man. It has been always arule in newspaper offices that "copy"must be written upon one side ofthe sheet only.ATTENTION, YOUNG LADIESThe Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company requires more young women lolearn Telephone Operating.We will teach you and payyou while learning. Regularand frequent increases areinsured.We like to employ alert,earnest young women, vhoare courteous by nature andhave the ambition to succeedby doing their work correctly.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE &TELEGRAPH COMPANY.(Incorporated.)Jan 2-tfPEACE AT ANY PRICE.One of the best stories of how sudden wealth affected a tobacco raiserof this county was told THE NEWSman by the tobacco man's neighbor,while indulging in a talkfest in alocal restaurant recently: "One ofmy tobacco-growing friends who hadsold a good crop on the Paris market before the holidays which realized for him quite a handsome sumof money, told me that he was goingright down town and buy a littlepresent for his daughters. When Iasked him what he expected to buyfor them, he replied that he hadmade up his mind to give them twopianos for Christmas. When I pressed him for further information as towhy he intended to buy two pianosat several hundred dollars each, hereplied: 'Well, I've got two daughters, and if "I buy only one pianothey will be scrapping over whichone will play it. So I'm going tobuy two and keep peace in thehoushold.' And I learned afterwardthat he really did."BEESON MUSICAL FIVE MAKEBIG HIT HERE.The Derson Musical Five, filling aiwo-weeks' engagement at the ParisGrand and The Alamo, has made ont the biggest hits of any musicalorganization of its numbers that hasTiBited Paris for years. The orga.mfzation is cojmposed of the followingMembers, each one an artist: MissHelen Derson, violin; Miss .Gracegraves, piano; E. P. Pederson saxolhone; Jack Bobbins, banjo; E. P.Kitchey, drums and traps. Miss Derson, as an -exponent of the art ofmusical Interpretation on the violin,kas made a tremendous hit with thejreople of Paris. She seems the verysoul of jmusic, and the enthusiasmand vivacity which she puts intoher playing seems to exude from herfinger tips and communicate itself tothe audience, until feet -and fingertips are tapping the ryth'm in unison. The' singing numbers -at eatenperformance show the Derson Five, to"be. possessed of rich, jmuslcal voices.SOCIAL ASTD PERSONAL.omings and Goings of OurPeople Here; There andElsewhere.--Mrs Joseph W. Davis left yesterday for an extended stay at Martinsville, Indiana,Miss Sara Stephenson is spending the week-end in Georgetown asa guest of friends.Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Fitiiian have gone to Louisville for a visitto their son, Edward Fithian, andMrs. Fithian.Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick anddaughter, Miss Mary, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friendsin Lawrenceburg.M. C. Bracken, a prominent insurance man of Birmingham, Ala.,is a guest of Mr. and' Mrs. JamesGrinnell, in thiB city. 9Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandhave returned to their home in thiscity from a combined business andsocial visit in St. Louis, Mo.Mrs. Roy Clendenin and Mrs.Frank P. Kiser attended the bridgeparty given in Georgetown, Tuesday night by Miss Bessie Stone.Mr. and Mrs. Don Schlosser returned Wednesday to their home in.Columbus, O., after a holiday visitto the latter's mother, Mrs. MaymeParker, and otherv relatives in thiscity.Mrs. Henry S. Caywood has returned to -her home in North Middletown frojm Arkansas, accompanied by her sister, Mrs. Mary Mosby,who will be her guest for severalweeks.J. J. Veatch, of Paris, DistrictManager of the Central Home Tele-Co., attendedthe stockholders' (meeting of theMaysville Home Telephone Co., heldin that city recently.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned to his duties as interne inthe General Hospital, in Cincinnati,after spending the holidays in thiscity with his father, Dr. John T.Brown, and Mrs. Brown.Mr. and Mrs. James T. Wareand son, Mr. William T. Ware, ofRapidan, Virginia, are visiting theformer's mother, Mrs. Alice Ware, inthis city, and Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr, in the county. Mr. WilliamWare will leave to-day for Randolph-MaconCollege, to resume hisstudies.The Bourbon "Cotillon Club willgive a dance in the Masonic Temple,in this city, on next Monday evening, January 5. The hours will befrom nine to three. Mr. and Mrs.James W. Thompson, of near Paris,will lead. All indications point tothis being one of the most brilliantsocial events of the New Year.Maurice Clark entertained anumber of his friends -with a watchparty at his home on South Highstreet, Wednesday evening. Lightrefreshments were served. Theguests who enjoyed Mr. Clark's hovpitality for the evening were: MissesHazel Arnold, Elizabeth Rule, Lucinda Patton and Thelma Miller;Messrs. Norman Soper, Herman Tul-ley, Harold Shively, Lavon Millerand Maynard M. Shefiield.The North Middletown Woman's Club will render the followingprograjm at the meeting to be heldat the Club rooms in that city this(Friday) afternoon: The Establishment of Kings: "The Tragedyof Saul," Miss Florence Dick; Reading, "Browning's Saul," Mrs. Horace M. Bacon: Book review. "David," (Caleb Young Rice), MissMildred Collins.The first meting of the NewTear ol the Jemipia Johnson Chapter, Daughters of American Revolution, will be held in their Clubrooms, to-morrow "(Saturday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. The following program will be rendered: "TheNational Society And What ItStands For," Mrs. Sutherland; "TheJemima Johnson Chapter And WhatIt Has Accomplished," Mr.s. LouisRogers; "Biography of JemimaJohnson," Miss Letitia Hedges;Story, Miss Reba Lockhart.Lexington Leader: Mrs. Jas.Thompson, of Pans, who is enjoyinga Christtmas visit with her parents.Mr. and Mrs. Overton Chenault, entertained very delightfully Mondayevening for about twenty-fivefriends at the stately home, on Ashland -avenue. The company consists of members of the bridge clubto which Mrs. Thompson belongs,augmented by a number of outsidefriends. The beautiful rooms woretheir holiday attire, and for the second time that day they vere thescene of delightful hospitality, thereception which Miss ElizabethChenault tendered Mrs. HowardBates, making gay the aftfrnoonhours." mMrs. James W. Farley, or L.ex-inpon. formerly Miss Miriam Curry,member of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, and Mrs. Edith Myall Daniel bride-elect of Mr. Irvine MorseKeller, of New York, were guests ofhonor Wednesday afternoon at abridge party given by Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft, at her hope onSecond street. A delicious luncheonwas served at the conclusion of thegames to the following guests: Mesdames John F. Davis, Edward Prichard White Varden, Fay Ardery,Hiram Roseberry, Walter Dalby,Stanhope Wiedemann. Oscar T.Hinton, Catherine Davis Craig,Clay Sutherland, Edward Spears;Misses Archange Howland, Elizaheth Crutcher, Carolyn Roseberry,Elizabeth Tarr, -Margaret Fergusonand Elizabeth'Embry.Mrs. Louis H. Mulfluger is visiting relatives in" Richmond.Miss Annie Louise White is aguest of Miss Mildred Wood, inShelbyville.Misses Georgia and Gay Speakeshave returned frcjm a visit tcfriends in Cincinnati.Miss Archange Howland, ofOhio, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, near Paris.Miss Mary Elizabeth Clark isspending the holidays with-fiiendsin Winston-Salem, South Carolina,Mrs. Swiney Ray is at homefrom Florida for a visit during theholidays to relatives and friends inthis city.Miss Louise Collins will entertain this afternoon, at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. John T.JCollins, on Broadway.Smith Robinson has returned tohis home in Detroit, Mich., after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Hughes,and other relatives in this city.Mrs. Carrie LaRue Woodfordand guests, Miss "TEtuth RaymondAdair, have returned from a visit toDr. Lydia Pogue, in Cincinnati.Miss Mary Taylor, of Eighthstreet, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where she is undergoing treatment for jaundice.Mrs. Joseph M. Rion .returnedMonday night from a visit to herchildren in Salt Lake City, Utah,DeWitt, Arkansas, and in Seattle,Washington.Mrs. Mary Wheeler, Mr. andMrs. George Whitaker and childrenhave returned to their home in Cynthiana, after a visit to Mr. and MrsE. M. Wheeler.Miss Florence Fee has returned10 her duties as Red Cross Secretary at Washington, D. C, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A.J. Fee, in this city.Master William Clyde Huffman,little son of Mr. and Mrs. ClydeHuffman, entertained a number ofhis friends Monday evening in celebrating his seventh birthday.Mrs. Clarence Plummer, wholias been a guest of Paris relativesfor several weeks', has returned toChavies, Ky., where she has chargeof the L. & N. office and other du-ties of a business nature.Landon Temphn has returnedto his business duties . with thePortland Cement Company, at Allensville, Pa., after a visit duringthe holidays to his parents, Mr. andMrs. T. T. Tenplin, in this city.Miss Martha Smith, of Indianapolis, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Henderson Shropshire, near Paris.Miss Smith is a daughter of John S.Smith, formerly a resident of Paris,where he was a prominent attorneyfor years.The Millersburg Twentieth Century Club's program for to-morrowis as follows: Roll Call, New YearResolutions; Business Meeting;Election of Officers; Discussion ofCourse of Study; Hostess, Mrs. C.B. Smith.The young men of the city andcounty will give a subsciiptiondance at the Masonic Temple, in thiscity, on the evening of Monday, January 19. The hours will be fromeight to three. Music will be furnished by the Smith Saxophone Sextette. The Louisville Herald says:"Mr. and Mrs. Geo. W. Helpi, whoare spending New Year in Paris,Ky., will return to-morrow to continue their visit to Mrs. John Helm,Sr., at the Seelbach until Saturday,when they will return to theirhomein Cambridge, Mass."Mrs. Alice Fisher and daughters, Misses Mary Frances and Lottie Fisher, have returned to theirhome in. Carlisle, after spending theholidays in this city with theirbrothers, Frank and Will Remington, and sister, Mrs. Mayme Renfington Parrish. "The following have been guestsfor the holidays of Preston White,at the home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. Frank White, on Walker avenue, in this city: Harold Stephenson, of Cleveland, O.; Jos. Joplin, ofLouisville; Thomas Guthrie, of Mt.Sterling. Mr. White, with hisguests, and his sister, Miss AnnaLouise White, attended the Saltansdance given in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Louis R. Snell, a formerresident of this city, entertained ather home in Lexington, Wednesday,with- a luncheon-bridge. Amongthe guests were the following fromthis city and county: Mrs. John A.Bower, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, Mrs."Will G. McClintock, Mrs. Thos. W.Allen, Mrs. Harry E. Mathers, Mrs.Callie Thomas Nichols, Mrs. SidneyArdery, Jr., Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock,Mrs. Wellington Glass, Mrs. RoyClendening, Mrs. Charles May andMr3. Wm. K. Griffin. -Misses Elizabeth Clay and Mr.Henry Clay, who hare been at homefor the Christmas holidays, wereguests of honor Monday night, at adancing party given at the home ofMr. and Mrs. George "Williams Clay,on East Seventh street. The homewas extremely attractive in holidaydecorations. The Euests for theevening were: Misses ElizabethClay, Mary May, Christine Thomas,Nancy Barbee Wilson, JosepnineFithian, Vallette McClintock, Elizabeth Caywood, Lucille Caywood andCallie Gay, (Winchester); HenryClay, John Dundon, John Clay,Thomas McClintock, Eugene Lair,Jack .Lair, Ralph Connell, SilasE.Bedford, Jr., Woodford Gay, (Winchester.) -,(OtherPersonals Pages on 3 "and 8)Clearance!A wonderful value-giving sale of all merchandise in stock Coats, Suits, Dresses,Blouses, Furs, Millinery, Children's Dresses and Coats, Bath 'Robes, Etc., Etc.Ladies7 CoatsLuxurios soft materials innew winter styles, beautifulfur trimmed models, are offered at greatly reducedprices.$198.00. 175.00159.00137.50125.0098.5089.5075.0065.0059.5049.5035.0039.50reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to.reduced to...$139.50.. 129.50..1119.50.. 98.50.. S7.50. . 79.50.. 69.50.. 59.50.. 49.50.. 42.50.. 35.00.. 24.75.. 27.50Ladies' Silk and SatinDresses$62.50 now $49.5049.50 now 39.5039.50 now 27.5035.00 now 24.7525.00 now 19.7517.50 now 13.50Ladies' Rain CoatsBelted and Straight Models.$12.50 now S 9.9815.00 now 12.5019.75 now 14.7535.00 now 27.50Children's Coats8 to. 14 years and misses'sizes.$39.50 now $27.5035.00 now 24.7529.50 now 22.5025.00 now 19.7519.75 now 14.7517.50 now 13.5015.00 now 12.5012.50 now.: 9.98Children's SergeDressesStylish Models in Navy.$19.50 now $14.7517.50 now 13.5015.00 now 12.5012.50 now 9.989.98 now 7.98Fur Sets and Muffs$150. 00 Sets $119.0085.00 Sets 62.5079.50 Pieces 59.5059.50 Pieces 45.0049.50 Pieces 37.5057.50 Pieces 42.5039.50 Pieces 27.50Misses' Dresses, Silk andSatin, at Greatly ReducedPrices.Ladies' SuitsNow is the time to select agood lookingrtylish suit thatwill be good to use next fall.We are offering a choice selection. $129.50now $89.5089.50now 69.5075.00now 59.5065.00now 49.5049.50now 35.0039.50now 27.50tLadies' SkirtsIn Plaids, Plain Serge andSilk Poplin.$29.50 reduced to $24.7525.00 reduced to 21.5019.75 reduced to 14.7512. 50 reduced to 9.98Ladies' Serge Dresses$39.50 now $27.5029.50 now 22.5025.00 now 19.7522.50 now 17.50Fur Pieces and Muffs$35.00 now $27.5029.50 now 22.5025.00 now 19.7519.50 now 14.7512.50 now 9.989.98 now 7.98HARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.&1 w JJHHft .HIHi HB CQQ0 tnw t -t j--3KS3Ht5i3-4Mrs. Homelover:There's a charm and a comfort in a room witKnice chairs; Ihey make a room look "livable."We have a complete line of chairs, all kinds, allsizes and for .every room. These chairs from reliablemakers, who put properly seasoned wood into them;they are strorrgly made, beautifully upholstered andhandsomely finished.For a chair, or any other piece of furniture, or arug, come to the store where you get the UP-QUALITYand the DOWN-PRICE.THE J. T. HINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingsI'I,nAt1V -' lli -- ,. ""- "r - - y-ft. .V-Jfe;AdM -v-v.Jr. Vi ?S----'j" VFJUDA3WJANUAJtYs-2,Ufc.PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS; KENTUCKY-TAKING MEN'S JOBSSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE REVIEW.ATOH0KITIE& ' fcimSUW VENDORS OF WHIKSY SUBSTITUE. 5cHERADM- JiS9 4SHABBY APPARELDHEN"Diamond Dyes" Freshen Up Old,Discarded GarmentsDoa't worry about perfect results. Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed to give a new, rich, fadelesscolor to any fabric, whether it be"wool, silk, linen, cotton or mixedgoods dresses, blouses, stockings,altirts, children's coats, feathers,(draperies, coverings.. The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to diamond dye over any color that youcan not make a mistake.To match any material, havedruggist show you "Diamond Dye"Color Card., oqunoD sjinJK J9A8J AVOHOi JO OjraDpjdO U8J3 SBlm SBAV 6ll IBUJ 0J8A. lplAY JOOff 'tddissjssiK tuomnos uj sosbd 985-'$ pojaodoa mnos UX WS P94!aneiH Suidae.Y suav i)tn .ioaoj avoho.y joaiiHomde uu Suiu.ioduod paqsitqnd oaa.viDFSHB4s 'Z7, J3(iiuoAOK uo 'lgsi ui0UI8pid3 J3A3J MOpA JBSJQ SETTO THE DYSPEPTIC.Would you not like to feel thatyour stomach troubles are over, thatyou can eat any kind of food thatyou crave? Consider then the factthat Chamberlain's Tablets havecured others why not you. Thereare -many who have been restored tohealth by taking these tablets andcan now eat any kind of food thatthey crave.(adv-jan)oSpeaking of a child havin' a tantrum, did you ever see an old motherAog shake her pups?Supplies of eggs and butter on 'the jmarket this week have beenlarger than current demand couldabsorb and there has been a reduction in market prices. " ,The United States Department ofAgriculture report total stocks forDecember 1, 1919, as follows:Butter December 1, 1913, 73,676,233 pounds; December 1, 1918,65,110,521 pounds; increase, 8,565,712 pounds.Eggs December 1, 1919, 3,350,876 cases; December 1, 19-18, 2,070,-529 cases; increase, 1,280,347; increase, 1,280,347 cases.The above survey covers allstocks of eggs in the United States.High prices which have prevailedundoubtedly have curtailed consumption of butter and eggs.Decline in prices of fresh eggs hasbeen caused principally by light demand and increased receipts, whichare moving in the Southern States,also by lateness of the season onfresh eggs.Decline on butter is due to lightconsumption, caused by high prices,and to the fact that there is still asurplus in reserve stocks.Receipts of poultry for Christmasholiday trade were about normal.On account of extrepnely coldweather during the holiday marketing dates, and difficulties experienced in transportation, considerabledelay occurred in getting suppliesto selling destination.There was a good demand for holiday poultry and the product hasgenerally been sold out at satisfactory values.Receipts of poultry at countrypoints are now lighter, and priceshave worked higher toward the endof the week.The Three Graces.First Girl "I know Jack hasn'tvery much money, but we can liveon faith, you know," Second Girl"And hope, too, I suppose." ThirdGirl "And charity.".-lh$51IA rt amount of work, now remains to be done wkich theintervention of w3r has necessarily delated and accumulated, and tie result is tmat very large capitalexpenditures ought to be made to make up for the interruptions inevitably ! le to the war, and to prepare the railroads to sen e adequately the increased traffic throughoutL country- WALKER D. HTNES.'.'4-.--tT-Work moreProduce moreSave moreBut we can't continue increasing ourproduction unless we continue increasingour railroad facilities.The farms, mines and factories cannotincrease their output beyond the capacityof the railroads to haul their products.Railroads are now near the peak of theircarrying capacity. ,.--Without railroad expansion more engines, more cars, more tracks, more terminals there can be little increase inproduction.But this country of ours is going tokeep right' on growing and the railroadsmust grow with it.To command in the investment marketsthe flow of new capital to expand railroadfacilities and so increase' productionthere must be public confidence in thefuture earning power of railroads.The nation's business can grow only asfast as the railroads grow.Finnish Women Take, UpKinds of Employment.Allf Am WtriMf formation concerning the rtikoadation mmy oUoim literature by writing' to ik$- Amition of Riilicay Ex4cutioee, $1 Broadway, New York.Even Serv as Porters on SleepingCars Do Office and ManualWork.Helsingfors. An astonishing sightfor the stranger in Finland is the number of women engaged in almost everyfield of employment In England during the war one became accustomedto the sight of women performing various kinds of work in which previously only men were engaged. But inFinland the visitor gets the impression that the women are doing everything. Not only are they at heavy manual'work In "fields and factories but theyhave become skilled as mechanics andhave Invaded business offices to an" extent that Is probably undreamed of inany other country.In banks the proportion of womenemployees to men appears to be aboutten to one. In the biggest financialinstitutions In Helsingfors women holdpositions involving great responsibility awl calling for exceptional ability.At the Finnish foreign office the Associated Press correspondent noticedthat women were holding offices thatwould be entirely beyond the aspirations of their sisters in the state department at Washington or the British foreign office.This change has come about almostovernight. Finland's man power hasbeen greatly depleted, and a large partof what is left is required for militaryservice.The Finnish business woman is remarkably keen and Intelligent. Shehas a kind of masculine interest andabsorption In her work that seems toadmit of no margin for sentiment orfrivolity. She dresses simply andsmartly, as do the majority of the citybred women of this country. AnAmerican walking through the principal streets of Helsingfors might wellbelieve, judging from the costumesand brisk walk of the Finnish women,that he was in the heart of Chicago.School Gardens Produce$48,000,000 in Food ValueWashington. Children enlisted in home gerdenlng wideschool supervision in the UnitedStates school garden army haveproduced. In the little more thana year the work has been inoperation, foodstuffs valued at$48,000,000, the bureau of education of the department of theInterior announced.&SS$3$3$$S3$333$3333g$$S$$fr$3$$$$frs;AH! BOLSHEVIK PLOT IN JAVAChinese Are Accused of Using TradeBoycott to Advance Radicalism. The Hague. The Dutch East Indian government has revealed what isalleged to have been an extraordinarybolshevik plot in Java and other DutchEast Indian colonies under the guiseof an anti-Japanese boycott.Chinese bolshevi&i, it is stated,launched the campaign, advising theEast Indian Chinese not to trade withthe Japanese merchants nor to deposittheir funds In a Japanese bank.Agitation was conducted advocatingthe patronizing of certain financial institutions conducted by Chinese. Theselatter, according to The Netherlandsgovernment agents, were found to bebolshevik sympathizers who hadplanned to use the funds thus securedto carry on bolshevik propaganda inthe far .East.A press telegram from Makassar,Java, announced that the boycott hadbeen ended.GAVE A BOOK; GOT A HUSBANDNewYork Girl Evidently WasSweet as Poetry VolumeShe Donated.As-New York. When the "Books forSoldiers" campaign was at its heightearly last year, Miss Hazel Bell Gilbert of Sheepshead Bay, a daughterof Detective Sergeant George P. Gilbert of the bomb squad, turned in avolume of poems.The book, with her name on the flyleaf, found Its way to a rest stationbehind the firing linestand there fellInto the hands of Lieut. William J.Edwards of the marine corps, whowrote her a letter asking her if shewere as sweet as the verses.When he came home he called, andapparently found her so, for theywere married the other -day at theQravesend Reformed church. After ahoneymoon In Bermuda, LieutenantEdwards and his bride will live inWashington. -Decorated in Overalls.Abilene, Kan. Because he refusedto leave his work In the Riverside power plant to go to a celebration at Adalast the other night and receive a citation and Distinguished Service Crosls,William H. Fuller was decorated inoveralls the next day by Col. J. L.Petrosse of Wichita, who brought themedal to him. Fuller rescued a com-,rade under fire in the Argonne whileserving in Company Mbne Hundredand Thirty-seventh infantry. He lnilsted that he was not specially deserving of honor and would- not appear in public to refolve'lt.NEW YORK, Jan. 1. With sixmen in custody, alleged ringleadershere in a conspiracy to flood NewYork, New Jersey and New England with poisonous substitution forwhiskey, Federal, State and city authorities were united in a vigorouspursuit of the purveyors of thepoisonous beverages which havecaused scores of deaths and hundreds of cases of blindness and illness.-The capture of at least ascore or more of the poison dispensers is expected, according to theFederal officials.In the mantime the toll of deathand serious illness caused throughdrinking wood alcohol and otherillicit concoctions continued tomount in New York and adjacentcities. During Monday four pnoredeaths were recorded, one each fromNewark, Elizabeth, Passaic, N. J.,and one from New, York. In addition, two men and a woman werepicked up unconscious on New Yorkstreets and two men in Pasaic in asimilar condition, all four beingcritically ill from alcoholic poisoning. IS THIS YOUR EXPERIENCE?Many Paris People Are AfflictedWith Annoying Kidney Ills.Are you bothered with too frequent action of the kidneys? Arethe secretions highly colored do'they contain sediment burn andscald in voiding? These are allsigns of kidney sickness and shouldnot be neglected. Paris people recommend Doan's Kidney Pills. Ifyour back aches and your kidneysare weak you will find no better recommended repnedy.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back all the timeand often sharp, cutting pains darted through it. It sometijmes seemedas though I could hardly endure themisery. I tried different remedieswith no good results. I heard ofDoan's Kidney Pills and procuredthem from the Ardery Drug Co. Thefirst box helped me and I continuedtaking them until cured. Attackssince then have always been slight.Doan's Kidney Pills have neverfailed to relieve jtne."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv).. 0Earthquake of 1755.In 1755, on the 18th of November, onearthquake shook the North Americancoast, damaging houses nil along theshore from New England to the WestIndies. In the harbor of St. Martin'sthe sea withdrew entirely, leaving vessels and fish on the dryharaor bottom.When the waters returned they overflowed the lowlands for miles.. oTHE BEST COUGH MEDICINE.When a druggist finds that hiscustomers all speak of a certainpreparation, he forms a good opinionof it and when in need of such amedicine is almost certain to use ithimself and in his family. This iswhy so ;many druggists use and recommend Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. J. B. Jones, a well knownlruggist of Cuburn, Ky., says, "Ihave used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy in pny family for the pastseven years, and have found it to bethe best cough medicine I have everknown." , t N(adv-jan)oShrapnel Cartridge Cases.The material used for shrapnel cartridge cases generally colisists of acomposition of two parts copper andone part zinc. This alloy has beenfound to possess the best .physicalqualities that Is, high tensile strengthand a large percentage of elongationwhen properly annealed.mBRIGHTEREVENINGSJtw tmuvs " 3- "s. - -- i'.'f.vsi; 11? nrAW -. ,., ' ZVWUi'llyLZSh3CsP l itJ- tv -rs,' Jill'-SsMI!"Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectn'citjfor EigbtittdIt's the only satisfactory way.'Use Sasfor Realms and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)t umIts Creamy FlavorWhets the AppetiteCrusader Milk Bread has a flavor that will delightyour palate it's so creamy and toothsome.This distinctive flavor is due to the use of the finestwhite flour combined with rich, creamy milk, making Crusader Milk Bread unusually-fine in textureand light in crumb.Crusader Mfo 3tm&LARGE AND SMA3JL LOAVESwill tempt the Jaded appetite -with its fine Savor.Children like it best and it is best for them full oxstrengthening nutriment. For sale by better grocerNATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYTHE UNIVERSAL CAPFord Delivery Cars are used in fleets by manyof the largest business firms of the country.This is because the Ford Delivery Car has solvedthe problem of safe and quick delivery with thesmallest possible expense. Easy to understand,easy to drive, and durable. A faithful servantgiving years of faithful service. We. can giveyou any style of body you want. One thing issure every retail merchant will make moneyby having a Ford Delivery Car. Come in. Let'stalk it over. We assure you genuine Fordservice with genuine Ford parts.Ruggles .Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.t-ce;wwt wrjgpv.-.-ltjjtl-r'Eg!!Syggj3jtlaTlDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone 101UAhmnmi-iHlHtlf35.i.r , --zZ?&lM3Greetings!To our friends and patrons wemost heartily extend our thanksand appreciation for their patronage during the year just closing, and we trust your prosperityand happiness for the NEWYEAR will even surpass that of1919.-44.-lParis Home Telephone & TelegrahComNinyI j???' "-. (Incorr orated)7. 7. Veateh, District Han? W. H. Camion, Local XasAfer.-jBamI IJ;I'JS4- . 41s. " -- i-;wj-'th,- i k t ,-v V j ty --suFRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYP AGE! SEVEti1 .PIT'S NOT YOURIT'SKidney dlse&s li no respecter of press. A. majority of the ills afflictingeple today cam b tr&od back tokidney troubla.Tho kidneys r tka most Importantorgans of th body. They are thefilterora, the fHrlflers, of your blood.Kidney disease la usually indicated by-weariness, sleeplessness, nerrouaness,despondency, backache, stomach trouVl, pain in 'loins and lowr abdomen,gall s tomes, srravel, rheumatism, sciaticaofid lumbago.All these daraneemamta ara aattzr'signals to warn you that taa kidneysneea help. You sheuld use GOLDMEDAL Haarlem OH Capsules imme-KSW ENGLAND HOTBED OPPOISONING CASES.CHICOPEE, Mass. Jan. 1. Edward J. Leyden, United State Marshal, Monday arrested four men onFederal warrants, two being chargedwith violation of the war-time prohibition act and two with illegaltnnsportation of liquor from Stateto State. The arreste resulted fromIris investigation into the deaths ofmore than fifty persons in the Con-TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Rtdmon Motor Car CompanyNight' Call 760SALEinallDepartmentsBEGINSATONCETWIN BROS.Department store7th and Main ' Paris, KyLet Us Be YourBusiness PartnerYour partner has a knowledge of yourbusiness and you look to him for advice andcounsel on important matters. You are entitled to all the help he can give you. - .r ,m., - norfno'o holr nn vrmr minted i ":matter? Do you get the most from the specialized knowledge which we have regardingprinting and paper, and above all the servicewhich a combination of the two can render.'Our job department has every modern equip- ,ment for doing work on rush orders. forletterheads, billheads, and all kinds of forms,we carry in stock, recommend and useThe 7iility 'Business TaperLet Us Serve You as a PartnerBOURBON NEWSFurs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andEggs. It will pay you trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St.. opp. Martin Bros.Paris, Kentuckyf&SKXCKMKSKSKSiHEARTYOUR KIDNEYSiof?yi.Th? 0thlngr, healing oil stlmuiates tha kidneys, relieves inflammations ami destroys the germs whichhave caused it Do not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAX, Haarlem OilCapsules. In twenty-four hours youu dieil, health and visor returningtU. S1 the day yu flr8t heardGOLD MEDAL. Haarlem Oil.After you feel thr.t you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, bo as to keep in'Ant-class condition and ward off thdanger of other attacks.4& Sl the. original imported GOLDMEDAL, brand. Three sizes. Money refunded it they do -not help you.nectlcut valley since Christmas fromdrinking wood alcohol contained ina mixture sold as whiskey.Four jmore deaths had resultedsince early Monday morning fromalcoholic poisoning, three in Holyokeand one in Chicopee, bringing thetotal for the Connecticut valley, notincluding Hartford, cto fifty-two, divided as follows:Chicopee 36, including two women; Holyoke, 9; Springfield, 4, including one woman; Greenfield, 1,and Thompsonville, Conn., 2.Those under arrest on the Federalwarrants are John Nasaizewski, ofChicopee, and Harry Shapiro, ofSpringfield, truck drivers, who arecharged with bringing the liquorinto the valley; Adam Ostrowski andJohn W. Starzky, both of Holyoke,charged with violation of the wartime prohibition act. They will bearraigned before a United StatesCommissioner, Monday morning.All were released under $500 bond.Alfred Caron, Marshal, of theChicopee police, left Monday afternoon for New Haven, Conn., withwarrants charging murder againstfour men who have been arrested inthat city. The warrants weresworn out, the police say, on information given by William Baker, ofthis town, who is held on a manslaughter charge, and Harry Shapiro, of Springfield.Although several new cases of thepoisoning were reported Monday inthe valley, the number decreased considerably over Friday and Saturday.The number increased in Holyoke,giving the ijnprossion that some ofthe liquor bought in that city mayhave been consumed since Friday,when the first signs of the" poisoningbecame evident.oNO GREAT ACT OF HEROISM REQUIRED. If some great act of heroism wasnecessary to protect a child fromcroup, no mother would hesitate toprotect her offspring, but when it isonly n&ceesary'to keep at hand a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand give it as soon as the first indication of croup appears, there themany who neglect it. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is within the reachof all and is prompt and effectual.(adv-jan)oTest of College uife.Frank A. Vanderlip, the famousfinancier, would not engage for a highposition any man who failed to makehis impress felt when at college. "Aman who won recognition from Illsclassmates at college is likely to winrecognition in after life," he once remarked. Boston Post.iJOB DEPARTMENTLITMUS PAPERSTO TEST DEATHFnnch Scientist Discovers Method to Proye if Life isExtinct.PRECLUDES BURIAL ALIVETest Is PhyIco-ChemlcaI and Has fDo With Alkalinity of the Body InLift Litmus Paper Applied "toSerum Taken From Body.Paris. The fear of being burledaliv is perhaps an elemental fearone of the horrors that have hauntedmankind through the ages. Not onlythe simple and ignorant have sufferedbecause of it but wise men as well,and some of our most gifted writershave employed the theme of suspendedanimation for the basis of weird andterrible tales and of poems of Dantesque horror.There has been some speculationamong medical men during the warjust over as to the possibility of aconsiderable number of ante-mortemburials of soldiers who received theirlast attentions in villages where thefacilities for caring for desperatelywounded men were of the most primitive kind.Precedents at Hand.Occasionally a newspaper carries astory of a victim of catalepsy or hysteria undergoing a narrow escape frompremature burial, and recently anEnglish daily told of a nurse who wasfound In a forest between Berlin andPotsdam, apparently dead from anoverdose of veronal, and who wasplaced in a coffin ready for burial.Just before closing the coffin the undertaker discovered to his horror thather heart was beating and removedher at once to a hospital, where shewas given electrical treatment, underwhich. she finally opened her eyes anduttered a few incoherent words. Suchauthenticated incidents cause thereader to ask if there is not some, infallible test of death known to themedical profession.In the "Review of ComparativePathology" Dr. Severln Icard of Marseilles gives the results of his Investigations in progress during a longperiod Into this subject. His test Isphysico-chemical and -has to do withthe alkalinity of the body in life. Inother words, as long as life is presentIn the human organism the fluids (withthe exception of the urine,' the gastricjuices and the sweat) are alkaline. Onthe other haad, the tissues after deathare acid.For a short period after death thetissues are both alkaline and acid, andthe litmus paper test shows both blueand red. But seven or eight hours after death is supposed to have takenplace the test Is positive ; if life is extinct the acid test is unmistakable andthe blue paper becomes a deep winered.This passage from alkalinity to acidity is found in all the animal series,and as far back as 1870 it was- urgedas a test for death by a French physician, Doctor Delagree, who proposedin cases where death was doubtful tointroduce litmus paper into small incisions in the muscular mass. But thismethod Is likely to be repugnant to thefamily of the subject an objectionwhich Doctor Icard has overcome inhis experiments.Litmus Paper Test.The latter practitioner has made useof a very simple method for procuringa few drops of serous matter fromthe tissues without mutilatingthe body. He attaches a small pair offorceps to a fold of skin and clampsthem In place, leaving them in positionfor five or six minutes. At the end ofthis time the forceps are removed andin the depressions on each side of the"pleat" of flesh made by the. confininginstrument are seen to ooze severaldrops of serum. The blue litmus isplaced,Jn contact with this fluid, andif it turns red there is no doubt thatthe patient no longer lives, for the acidtest is established. Sometimes it isnecessary to wait as long as ten minutes for the change from blue to redto take place, but once apparent it isindisputable, it must be rememberedihat this test is useless before thelapse of six hours, as acidity docs notthoroughly establish itself in a deadbody under this time.It is interesting to recall in connection with Doctor Icard's test that oneof the tests commonly employed undersuch circumstances, has long been thatof grasping a fold of flesh with theforceps and retaining it there for several moments. In the case of a livingbody the "pleat" gradually returns tonormal, but when life is extinct, thecompression of the flesh persists. Doctor Icard's test (which has beenadopted in the Marseilles hospitals)has a double value In that It includesthe physical test of the compression ofthe skin and the chemical test whichestablishes a state of acidity, thus"making assurance doubly sure" andremoving from the realm of chancethe establishment, of death in caseswhere doubt exists.Hit by Train, Carried to Safety on Pilot.Tuscaloosa, la. Hit by a fasl passenger train.- carried eight miles uthe pilot unconscious, and then fallingoff fcy side of the track, was the experience of Louis Hainmett. who tieslo tell the tale, although he is m nhtispltal, where he is likely to remainfor several weeks.A NERVOUSBREAKDOWNMiss KeMy Tells How LydiaE. Finkham's VegetableCompound RestoredHer Health.Newark, N. J." For about threeyears 1 suffered from nervous break-aown and got soweak I could hardlystand, and had headaches every day. Itried everything, Icould think of andwas under a physician's care for twoyears. A girl friendhad used Lydia E.Pinkhams Vegetable Compound andshe told me aboutit From the firstday I took it I beganto feel better andnow I am well andable to do most anykind of work. Ihave been recommending the Compound eversince and give you my permission to publish this letter." MissFlo Kelly 476 So. 14th St., Newark,N.J.The reason this famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, was so successful in MissKelly's case was because it went to theroot of her trouble, restored her to anormal healthy condition and as a resulther nervousness disappeared.We Fancy They'd Like It.Lawn Tennte Report "Because theplay was not spectacular, the brilliants?kilL was not appreciated by the majority of the spectators it was ascavair before swine.' "Boston Transcript. HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrnMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison frqm the blood and healingthe diseased portions.After' you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement inyour general health. Start takingHall's Catarrh Medicine at once andget rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-jan)EDW. BURKE, PresidentsjiiiiyBOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Tobacco Received Any Time3-Big, Light, Roomy Warehouses3f The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company has sold forthe season to date 1,394,575 pounds of tobacco for$804,470.01, an average of $57.68. Every basket soldincluded a very substantial lead over the Paris market.C We have demonstrated our ability to sell "your tobaccofor the highest dollar. We have stood by the growersin keeping down the selling fees. Won't it pay you tomake an effort to get in?ftt Stand by the people who have stood by you and who sellyour tobacco for its full market value.Im11Ia8jiI11111mXA. B. HANCOCKC. M, CLAY, JR.JAMES CALDWELL.BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4::XThe Bourbon Laundrjr jParis, Kentucky XmiI m m " 7 ' I a :GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299,Corner Fifth and PItasant Streets, Paris, Ky.IIA. MAN AND HIS WIFEfLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40H. S. CAYWOOD, VIce-Pres.(Incorporated)E!SCEXCEPT SATURDAY)DIRECTORSA. L.. STEPHENSONH. S. CAYWOODED. BURKESAM CLAYW. M. ROGERSC. D. WILSON'iXILaundryWest Fifh Street I5 Xsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all thelatestjmprove-, jments in laundry appliancesancT expert helpers we are JJprepared to do work infe- -rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage..5IXJCtes:1 may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost i3 nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings U3.Home Phone 169JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerTDA.Ti-r2rMS.R. BURRIS BTOM BROCK BJNO. T. COLLINS'mifmmmWAtiWmsmwtmwiMWmwmr1H1:iHtiIIIhIIfitf.v-, 0CPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 1920ifiv --t?MILLERSBURGMra. James Miller entertainedthe Bridge Club at her home nearthis place Tuesday.Mrs. W. G. Dailey has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, m Mrs.Joseph Miller, in Memphis, Tenn."Mrs. C. M. Best, who has beenSerir.jsly ill for several days, is improved, but is still confined to herfoom. -Miss Julia Howe, of Covingtorr,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller, and other relatives inthis city. -Kiss Fblsom McGuire has returned to Lexington, after spendingthe holidays in this city with theMisses Wood.Lee Clarke and family, of Louisville, are guests at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. James Clarke,in this city.Mr. and Mis. Smith Clarke, ofShelbyville, are guests of Mrs. "W.G. Leer, Mrs. Lizzie Clarke, and Mrs.Sarah Thome and family.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Ball andbabe, have returned to their home inLouisville, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. A. C. Ball and family, in thiscity. .Mr. and Mrs. Wadell Beedinghave returned front their weddingtour, and are at home to theirfriends at the Beeding home, in thiscity.- Several society people of thisplace attended the "shower" givenin Paris, Wednesday afternoon, byMrs. Ireland Davis, in honor of the"bride-elect, Miss Aleta Wilson.Mrs. Oscar M. Johnson entertained yesterday with a family dining in honor of Mrs. Edith Daniel,of Paris, whose wedding to Mr. Irvine Keller,- of New York, will besolemnized soon.Conner Markland and EdwardHurst, who have spent the holidaysin this city with, relatives, on furlough, have returned to their- stations at the Great Lakes and BostonNaval Training Stations, respectively. Mrs. Clark Leer entertainedTuesday afternoon with cards at hercountry home near this city, inhonor of Miss Aleta Wilson, whosemarriage to Mr. Lucien Arnsparger,of Paris, is an event of the near future. Rev. C. A. Van Winkle, pastor ofthe Millersburg Christian church,preached his farewell sermon lastSunday to the members of the congregation. Rev. VanWinkle willjnove to Berea, where he will enterthe evangelistic ffeld.-oDo you remember the good olddays when two could live cheaperthan one?SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Oui.People Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Fannie Lisle is a guest ofMrs. Walter Lincoln, in Louisville.Miss Lillian Soper, of Louisville, is a guest of Miss Ruth Soper,at her home on Cypress stieet.-"Miss Frances Kenney is spending the week-end in Georgetown asa guest of Miss Lillian Featherstone. . Miss Julia O'Brien has returned from a visit of several days to.Mrs. Edward Keller and family, inLexington.J. C. Drouillard, a prominentnaval stores broker, of Cleveland,Ohio, is a guest ef Mr. and Mrs.Milton C. Browning, in this city.The January meeting of theWomen's Christian Missionary Society will be held in the partors ofthe Christian church this (Friday)afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.Misses Arris and MarcellaChiles have returned to their homein Mt. Sterling, after, attending thefuneral and burial of their aunt,Miss Mary Chiles, in this city.Misses Elizabeth and LucilleCaywood entertained at their homein North Middletown last night witha dancing party in honor of theyoung lady visitors in the city.Miss Juliet Turner, and JohnArdery, of Paris, attended the thirteenth biennial Kappa Alpha Convention ball given at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, Tuesday evening. Jesse C. Owens, who has beenseriously ill at the home of his sisters, the Misses Owens, on SouthMain street, is convalescent, andwas able to be on the streets "Tuesday. Jane Lapsley and Josephine,children of Dr. and Mrs. Frank L.Lapsley, of Shelbyville, formerly ofthis city, are guests of Ben F. Bedford and Miss Henrietta Bedford,near Paris.Shirley Cromwell, of FortWorth, Texas, is a guest of his sister, Mrs. Susie Meglone. Mr. Cromwell attended the tobacco sales heldon the local market, the first he hadever witnessed.Shirley Dalzell has returnedfrom Wise, Virginia, where he attended several social events given byMiss Lila Vicans, in compliment toher guest, Miss Georgia McCombs, ofKnoxville, Tenn.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftentertained the members of herBridge Club at her home on Secondj street, Wednesday afternoon, inHumor of Mrs. Edith Myall Daniel, abride-elect of the season.Mrs. James H. Thompson entertained Wednesday with a family din-I nt ALAMO AND PAMft fiDAMH II A J-.!.'.:. "" 3c" m I A&UftUloOXUUChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax..... NcTODAY, PRIDAYWALLACE REIDIN"The Valley of the Giants". A rugged tale of the redwoodsofgiants of the forest,- of giants among men.PEARL WHITE in The Black Secret'and Mutt and Jeff Comedy'The Shell Game"Tomorrow, SaturdayBILLIE BURKEin "The Misleading Lady"Iioft would you like to be the patientof a beautiful and charming widow?alsoJAMES J. CORBETTm "The Midnight Man"and, Lloyd Comedy, '.'His Only Father"itMonday, Jan. 5thMABEL NORMANDInPinto"AlsoPARAMOUNT-SENNETT COMEDY .Treating 'Em Rough"and Burton Holmes Travel Picture.Hear Them Play PERSON MUSICAL FIVE Hear Them Sing1920Jtldck ModelsNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.ing at her home near Paris. Coverswere laid for thirty guests. Thejmenti served was an elaborate one,and the occasion was made a memorable one for all who partook of thehostess' hospitality.Miss Charlina Ball continuesquite ill at her home near Paris.Misses Elmeta Hinton and MaryPhillips, of Paris, attended the Saltans dance given in Mt. Sterling.Tuesday night.Misses Dorothy and CarriePeed, of Lexington, are guests at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton, on High street.. Mrs. Henry Martin and ,moter,Mrs. T. P. Stevenson, and Miss MaryMartin, of Versailles, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs.- B. M. Renick, in this city.Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary Sunday Schools of the KentuckyMethodist Conference, will leaveMonday for Hot Springs, Ark., toattend the (midwinter sessions of theSunday School Chairmen and FieldWorkers of the Methodist church.The sessions will begin at 9:30 a.m., on January 7, and continuethrough January 9. The conferencewill be held in the Central AvenueMethodist church at Hot Springs,and will be the headquarters for theField Workers. The entertainmentof visitors will be in charge of theMethodist Men's Club of' that city.Among- the interesting1 items to besubmitted in the annual x report ofMr. Snapp will be the following:Miles traveled, 9,104; addressesmade, 76; articles written forchurch press, 35; schools visited,57 schools, letters, etc., sent out 3,136. (Other Personals on Pages 3 and 5)G. Daugherty, James Daughertyand Miss Anna Daugherty, of Paris;Frank Daugherty, of Jenkinstown,Pa.; Mrs. J. T. Hazelrigg, of Shelbyville. The funeral will be held at thefamily residence at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, withservices conducted by Rev. W. E.Elljs, her pastor. The burial willfollow on the family lot in the ParisCejmetery. The pall-bearers will be:A. ,T. Rice, Dr. J. A. Orr, Dr. J. A.Wilson, Walter Clark, Wm. Lyle andWin. G. Talbott.To abort a coldand prevent com-plications, take -alotabsDEATHS.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.McCLURE.Mrs. Nancy McClure, aged seventy-five,died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. T. W. Napier, nearTarr Station, in this county, Monday, after a brief illness of pneumonia. The body was taken to her oldhome at Crab Orchard, where thefuneral and burial took place Wednesday. Mrs. McClure was the widow of Henley McClure. She is survived by five children, two of whom,;Mrs. Thomas W. Napier and MissAnna Napier, are residents of thiscounty, and a grandson, LewisMitchell, of Mt. Sterling,. formerly ofParis.The purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35c.The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Kv. f&xrz'.uMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.jiMISoBBSHbHBHMBt3fcaiBBaH99BBsBHBBlOOMIMMiMMtMMMfMMllMrMMMniMSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricesi - v.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGE. Fourth and Pleasant St.DELANEY.The funeral of Mrs. Mary Delaney, aged seventy-nine, who diedMonday night at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Thos. Bristow, nearSpears Mill) after a short illness,was held at the ChurdU of the Annunciation, in this city, Wednesdaymorning at nine o'clock, servicesconducted by Rey. Father Anasthasius Swengler. Funeral was followed by burial in the Paris Cath-.olic Cejmetery. The pall-bearerswere: Dan Jordan, John Brophy,George Toohey, Bishop Delaney, Jas.Delaney and Wm. Bristow.Mrs. Delaney was Miss Conyers, ofNicholas county, and widow of Jas.Delaney, Sr., of Bourbon county,who died about ten years ago. Sheis survived by the following children: Mrs. Jennie Rafferty, ofNicholas county; Mrs. Mary Shine,of Cynlhiana; Mrs. Lucy McCarthy,; of Chicago; Mrs. Thomas Bristow, ofjjJourbon county; RoberfL. Delaney,of Fleming county; Joseph Delaney,of Dayton, 0.; Charles Delaney,' ofMt. Sterling, and James E. Delaney,of Paris.j nu:ttA'ftauAxorfDME rwm aefciuFwcr;DAUGHERTY.Mrs. Charles A. Daugherty,aged seventy, died at her home on"Mt. Airy avenue at 2:30 o'clock yesterday morning, after a short lllnsss-jdue tc a complication of diseases.Mrs. Daugherty was the widowof Mr. C. A. Daugherty, for manyyears on 5 of the best-known busi-dness men of Paris, where he conducted the'-business to which his son3succeeded at his death. She was agreat-granddaughter of Gov. JamesGarrard, in his tijme one of Kentucky's most noted figures, andwhose home was near Paris, formany years occupied by his descendants, .William Garrard Talbott andThomas -Hart Talbott. She was adevoted, .member of the, Christianchurch,- and was prominent in allthe good works of 'that chiireKi "By Buying Your Footwear at This StoreWhether you are in need of (the latest in dress shoes orplain every-day kind, you will find them here to your entiresatisfaction and at a savins of from one to four dollars onevery pairValues Extraordinary This Week!Ladies' $7.00 Dark: Brown KidLace Boots, high heels, eithercloth or leather tops, also GunMetal English Lace Boots,Special, $4.99Ladies's $8.00 and $9.00 DarkBrown and GJazed Kid in BlackLace Boots, high heels,Special, $5.99Ladies7 and Growing Girls' English Lace Boots, in kid and gunmetal, $6.00 values.Special, $3.99TRAOf HARKRtG.US.PAT.Off..Misses' and Children's $3.50 GunMetal Shoes, all sizes 9 to 2,Special, $2.49Misses' and Children's Kid and" Gun Metal English Lace Boots,Special, $3.49Ladies' $2.00 Felt Fur-TrimmedSlippers, leather solec,Special, $1.49Children's $2 00 Kid and PatentShoes, -sizes 4 to 8,Special, $1.49Men's Fine Gun Metal Dress Shoes,English style, $7.00 values, -Special4.95Men's $4.00 Work Shoes, tan andblack calf, double soles,Special2:99Rubber FootwearA BIG SAVING ONEVERY PAIRtuSL.tMtDAN COHENParis1 Grealest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignAuuift.ftv3 'fill."KjMrs. Daugherty is survived bythe following, children: DrChartesa&'-riifi rim,sr i-,gHssfe.-s JBafia