X "32y'Ve-j?THENEWS.-"PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.XVOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 10 1920uHBOURBONTJGSTHING EXPLODES BLASTSHJ EOCK QUARRY.Lightning freaks are many and ofvaiious kinds, the fluid, or whateverit may be, performing some miraculous stunts. A few nights agoemployes in the city rock quarryprepared three holes for blastingout rock for the crusher. Thesewere filled with the required chargesof dynamite, tamped down. As thehour was late, the workmen left thewires disconnected frqm the batterywhicn explodes the charge, intendin? to fire them the first thing thenext morning. The wires were left,1lying on the ground, the batteryends lying on a small piece of wood.Dui.-ng the night a thunders n which had been brewing,throrph the afternoon, brought outa vivid display of electricity. Abolt cf lightning struck the exposedwires, discharging the blasts andpiling the debris in confusion forseveral yords around. When therren came to work the next morningthey found nature's forces had cutout their work for them.SPECIAL BALLOTS FOR WOMEN.When Kentucky -women go totheir polling places to vote for President r.nd for School Board members at the November election, theyrill find that special ballots haveheen prepared for them to use incxpdfcssing their choice.Attc-ney General Dawson ruledIru women voters would not be required lo state their- party affiliation, becaise they are not eligible ir.hold office except on School Boards.Because women are eligible tovote only for Presidential andSchool Board candidates, theycould not use the general electionballot, and Attorney General Dawson ruled that two special ballotsmust be available, one containingthe names of Presidential candidatesand the other the School Board candidates.EXPLODING TIRE CAUSES MANTO LOSE TEETH.When an automobile tire on amachine standing in front of theAlamo Theatre on Main street, blewout Saturday afternoon, WilliamJacobs, of Owenton, who was standing in front of the theatre, openedhis mouth so wide his upper falseteeth flew out. As they struck theground a playful dog seized themand dashed around the corner, withMr. Jacobs in hot pursuit. He failedto catch the dog, and has offered arewaid for the return of the teeth,which he stated were very valuableand a necessity to him.oNEW AUTO OWNERSL. & N. ANNOUNCES TRAINSCHEDULE CHANGES.Announcement has been made byofficials of the L. & N. RailroadCompany of an additional fast train,v, hich will be run between Lexington and Cincinnati, effective Monday, August 16. This train willleave Lexington, daily except Sunday, at about 7:25 a. m., arrivingin Paris about 8. This tram stopsonly at Paris, Cynthiana, Falmouth,Latonia and Covington, arriving atthe Grand Central Depot in Cincinnati, at 10:30 a. m. This trainwill leave Cincinnati each afternoon, excepting Sunday, at 4:10 p.m., arming in Paris at 6:30 p. m.Effective Monday, Aug. 16, newlocal passenger train will be runbalween Lexington and Cynthiana,this train arriving in Paris daily,except Sunday at 5:20 a. m.A new train, taking the number40 as its title, will run from Stanford, via Lancaster, Richmond,Winchester, Lexington and Paris,making two stops between Winchester and Lexington and only twoslops between Winchester and Lexington, and only two stops. Cynthiana and Falmouth, between Pariband Latonia. This train will bethe fastest train between Lexington and Cincinnati, covering thecourse in piactically three hours.Nupnber 40 will leave Stanford at4:07 o'clock in the morning, andwill arrive in Lexington at 7:25o'clock. Extra coaches will be ad-ded, including parlor car service.Number 130 has been changed toNo. 18. This train leaves Lexington at 9:05 o'clock at night forParis and is known as the "AtlantaSpecial," making connections withthe southbound train.The inauguration of the changesin the Louisville & Nashville trainswas the result of co-operation ofThe railway officials and the localBoard of Commerce after a conference of representatives of the twoorganizations relative to joiningcloser together the Blue Grasscities.oGOV. COX'S FORMER SECRETARYDEAD.LOUISVILLE MAN VICTIM OF ASSAULT NEAR PARISGeorge F. "Burba, editorial writerfor the Clumbus Dispatch, and atone time private secretary of Gov.Cox and editorial writer on theDayton News, died very suddenlyFriday morning at his home in Colufmbas, Ohio.Mr. Burba was 53 years old. Hwas torn at Hodgenville, Ky., wherehis mother, 89 years old, and abrother, John, still live. Anotherbrother, Howard, lives in Dayton.He lias one son, George F. Burba,Jr., at home.Mrs. Burba was before her marriage Miss Rebecca Hunter, of Lex-PnvliiTi fir ATqiHt, i,q nA imiim, aim ni iiicuiiage iu ixi.tal-eis of Paris, purchased last week I ?urba ,k m J?' wY aTtheof Wm. Phillips & Co., of Leximr-I01: of her sister the late Mrs.hn. a Franklin Sedan car, for iilS1 BlSfclcks- ft that time Mr.In tlr-Ir business ! Eurba was a special pension exam-iner.ii - " aFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMarly Fall Showingof--fSuitsCoatsDressesH ritSkirtsFall Styles of Hand MadeVoile and BatisteWaistsJust ReceivedFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSJ. Lyle Bayless, president of theBayless Bros. Co., wholesale dealersin chinaware, of Louisville, was thevictim of an assault near Paris, Saturday, by two Paris pnen, in whichhe sustained three dangerous stabwounds in the back, inflicted by aknife in the hands of RaymondFryman. Each of the knife woundswere two and a half inches indepth and barely missed entering avital spot.Mr. Bayless, his wife, his sister,Mrs. Clay Lyons, of Anchorage, andhis aunt,' Mrs. William Hemming,of Shelbyville, were touring theBluegrass region, inspecting stockfarms. They were at a point nearthe Xalapa Stock Fanm, on theNorth Middletown pike, intending tostop there a short time. RaymondFryman and Charles O. Martin, bothof Paris, were in front of them in ataxicab, having been at XalapaFarpn to bring a passenger to Paris.One of the men's hat blew off andFryman, who was driving, backedthe machine to recover the hat. Mi.Bayless, who was following in hismachine, was unable o stop in limnto avoid a collision. The car driven,by Fryman was slightly damaged.Martin and Fryman, it was alleged,alighted from their car and demanded that Bayless pay them fordamages sustained by their car. Bayless refused this, and after sqmewords, drove around the Fryman caron his way to Paris. The taxicabsoon followed, overtaking the Bayless car at a point near the residence of Walter Kenney, where itswerved in front and came to astop. An altercation between themen followed, in which Bayless wasstabbed three times. During thestruggle Mrs. Bay lass got out of thecar and endeavored to help her husband. She alleged that when shejumped between the men she wasroughly pushed aside, a-nd that oneof the men threw a rock at her.The timely arrival of a truck fromthe Xalapa Farm containing a number of Mexicans stopped the affair,the chauffeur acting the role ofpeacemaker. -The two men were held and theauthorities at Paris telephoned thesituation. Deputy Sheriff RobertGilkey and Patroljman Robert Luskresponded, placing Fryman andMartin under arrest. When searched the knife, still covered withblood, was found in Fryman's rearpocket, stuffed underneath somepapers. The men were taken to theParis jail, while Mr. Bayless wasbrought toN the Massie MemorialHospital, in Faris, where his injuries were given attention.The women in the paity weretaken to the residence of WalterKenney and later came to Paris.Martin and Fiyman were released on$500 bail, the former's father furnishing bail for him, a-nd Fryman'srelatives furnishing cash bail forhim. They will be given a hearingbefore Judge George , Batterton inthe County Court.Mr. Bayless's brother, Dr. J. LyleBayless, and' G. H: Lindenberger,both of Louisville, came to Paris,Sunday, and removed the woundedman in an especially fitted up automobile, to his home in Louisville,the ladies of the party accompanying them in the machine which hadfigured in the affair.When the warrant was first issued for the arrest of Martin and Fryman the charge' read assault andbattel y. Yesterday the officialslearning the serious condition ofthe wounded man, changed thecharge to that of malicious cuttingwith intent to kill, and warrantswere prepared and served on " themen by Sheriff W. G. McClintockand Patrolman Lusk. They weretaken before County Judge Batterton, who fixed their bond at $2,000. Martin gave bond with his father, C. N. Martin, as surety, andwas released. Frypnan -plater furnished bond, and was relased fromcustody.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do i! now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf)J. C. CANTRILL WINS NOMINATION FOR CONGRESSAttorney Robt. Lee Murphy's second attemnt. to atinpv tho caot ij Congress held by J. Campbell Can-yni, resulted in a miserable showing, Mr. Cantrill piling up a vote,even in theface of the stay-at-homevote, that me -Murphy look like aselling-plater in a field of goodhorses.There was very little interestmanifested in the race, which wasnot a race, but a walk-over for Cantrill, only about one-fourth of thenominal vote being polled. In Clintonville precinct only one vote wascost. Paris gave Cantrill 216 andMurphy 4, the balance of the county giving Cantrill 358 and Murphv4. The tnt.n.1 votp nf tho miTiv.www xA. V.4.w WlUUlllJwas. Cantrill 574, Murp-hy 8.The nomination of CongressmanCantrill means that he will opposethe Republican candidate this tallfor election as Congressman fromthis district. The returns Saturday indicate that the regular election in November, Mr. Cantrill willpoil the entire strength of the Democratic party in the district, andwill be re-elected for another term.In discussing the vote in the Seventh district, Congressman Cantrillsaid at his headquarters after he hadreceived the full unofficial returns:"I am very much gratified overthe result, considering that I madeno active campaign and did notmake a speech throughout the entiresection. The vote was about onefourth of the normal Democraticvote of. the district and that is agood per cent, of it in view of thecircumstances."The unofficial returns Saturdaynight from twelve counties composing the Seventh District was asfollows:County Cantrill.Bourbon - . . 574Clark 430Estill 370Fayette 1,214Franklin 1,050'Henry 1,508Lee Lee 235Oldham 460Owen 1,350Powell 630-Scott 1,050Woodford 235The vote in the countycincts was as follows:Precincts CantrillParis No. 1 32Paris No. 2 53Paris No. 3 4 7"aris No. 4 44t'aris No. 5.Pitris No. 6Norrh Middletown No.North Middletown No.Millorsburg No. 1 . .MiHersburg No. 2 . . .Flat Rock No. 1Flat Rock No. 2Centerville No. 1 . . .Ccnterville No. 2 . . . .Clintonvillc No. 1 . .Clintonville No. 2Ruddles Mills No. 1Ruddles Mills No. 2 . .Hutchison No. 1 ...Hutchison No 2 ....22782727'5426'4?26241414147181313MurphyS1912110351062017100143512by pre-Murphy0S001019 0100010000001Totals 574"THE VIRGIN OF STAMBOUL" ATGRAND AND ALAMOPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, August 10Madalinc Traverse, in "The Tattlers;" Prizma Color Pictures; Wm.Duncan and Edith Johnson, in'"I he Silent Avenger.''To-jmorrow, Wednesday, August11 Priscilla Dean, in "The Virginof Stamboul;" Topics of The Day;Lairy Seamon Comedy, Solid Concrete." Thursday, August 12. PriscellaDean, in "The Virgin of Stamboul;" Sunshine Comedy, "SchoolHouse Scandal;" Vod-a-Vil IVIovies.Added Attraction, Tuesday andWednesday Benny Wayland andPatsey Rossiter, in "A Itube TownFrolic." .As a special offering the Grandand the Alamo will for to-morrowand Thursday present to their patrons, the screen picture par excellence, "The Virgin of Stamboul," aproduction which cost $500,000 tomake. There will be no advance inprices.The picture stars Priscilla Deanin a characterizatio-n unsurpassed inthe history of silent drama. Sari isa beautiful dancing girl of Stamboul. Her stranga meeting with theyoung American cojmmander of theBlack Horse troop, composed of thescum of Asia, her wooing by thepowerful sheik, her escape from theharem, her wild ride across thedesert at the head of the untamedcavalry, are but few of the manythrilling incidents and thrills inthis wonderful Universal-Jewellproduction..IDEAL HOME TO BE SOLD WEDNESDAY, AUG. 18.The home of Mrs. J. U. Boardman,located on Seventh street, nearHigh, one of the best and most modern in a city of fine homes, will beoffered at public sale on Wednesday,August 18, at two o'clock, by Harris, Speakes & Harris. Written orprinted description will not conveyan adequate idea of this home. Goand see it for yourself. Completeall the way through Every pareof it modernly equipped with conveniences. HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(&ugl0-3t)OINSURANCE MEN BANQUETDale's Restaurant was the sceneof an animated gathering Fridaynight when iepresentatives of theAmerican Life & Accident Insurance Company of this district wereseated at a substantial supper tendered by Superintendent FrankTrisler. Judge Ernest Martin, asthe "only outsider" and especiallyinvited guest, did the honors astoastmaster.The guests were: SuperintendentFrank Trisler, N. B. Hedges, Jos. C.Dotson, Paris; F. C. Hedges, F. M.Henry, R. A. Burk, G. M. Shaw,Lexington; A. J. Alderson, Lancaster; T. F. Bishop, Danville; W. G.Crutcher, Richmond; N. A. Wilkerj,on, MfT Sterling.GOV. COX INAUGURATES DEMOCRATIC CAMPAGNThe Democratic Presidential standard, with the League of Nations andprogress its peak escutcheons, wasmarched into the 1920 campaign bjGovernor Jajmes M. Cox, at Dayton.O., Saturday.A throng of cheering" Democratsestimated variously at between 30,000 and 75,000 witnessed GovernorCox's acceptance of party leadershipin the Presidential contest, following formal notification by SenatorJoseph T. Robinson, of Arkansas,chairman at the San Francisco convention, of its choice.To the ceremonies at the Montgomery county fair grounds, Governor Cox, with Franklin D. Roosevelt, his running mate, at his side,marched for a mile in the broilingsun at the head of a parade of Democratic delegations reviewed at thegrounds. Presence of the nomineesin the parade was an eleventh hourthought of the Governor's, who hadplanned merely to review the Democratic hosts, which came m thousands from Ohio and other States.The parade line alone, sprinkledwith two score of bands, was estimated to contain close to 30,000marchers.For two hours the Governor, inhis address of acceptance, kept thevast throng cheering as he gave withemphasis and clarity his campaignpolicies. He made the League hisparamount declaration, declaring hestood for American and world peaceby its adoption, with interpretationspreserving its vital plan. He declared the League was a part of theDemocratic offering of progress asagainst Republican reaction. Hisadvocacy of the League drewlengthy demonstration frojm his audience and statements of approvalfrom party leaders gathered for theDemocratic ceremonial.Two reservations he has suggestedto the League covenant were emphasized by the Governor. Regarding the controversy oyer Article X,he was cheered loudly in comparing .it to the Monroe Doctrine, with its 'peace record. The Democratic legions also shouted approval of decla- jrations for women suffrage, law enforcement his only inferentialreference to prohibition reductionof taxation and scores of other 'issues.The candidate's address closed asevening fell on a day of Democraticjubilation. Rain early in the day,which threatened to mar the event,gave way to bright sunshine by afternoon, with sultry hupnidity, . butshortly before the Governor con-ORPHAH BRIGADE WILL HOLDREUNION SEPT. 30.Arrangements lor thr- annual reunion ol ihr- Orphan Brigade atParis, September 30, were jmade at ameeting of the Executive Committeeheld in Louisville recently. Committees were appointed as follows:Finance, I. P. Barnard; Music, Maj.John H. Leathers; Transportation,Col. H. L. Stone; Program, Thos.D. Osborne. The latter is secretaryof the organization a-nd Gen. Win.B. Haldeman is president.The Louisville Tiust Companywas elected treasurer to succeedCapt. John W. Green, who diedsome time ago. Only a few Hundred of the original 7,000 mencomposing the Orphan Brigade .atthe beginning of the Civil War areexpected at the reunion."North Middletown, Aug. 6."Editor BOURBON NEWS:"I send clipping from the Lexington. Herald of the 5th, which,contains the following erroneousstatement in regard to the coming reunion of the Orphan Brigade."Only a few hundred of the original 7,000 men composing the Orphan Brigade at the beginning ofthe Civil War are expected at thereunion.""The records, as well as the bestinformed authorities, does not placethe numbers composing the Brigadeat over 5,000, and in my judgment,nothing but the rejmembrance ofthe splendid avation and unbounded hospitality extended these oldheroes twenty-eight years ago willinduce and enocurage more thanfifty of these old, decrepit andtime-worn veterans to undertake tuetrials and risks of the trip to Paris,on September 30th."Please publish this to correctand alloy any misapprehension thisarticle may have produced."Respectfully,"L. D. YOUNG,"Co. H., 4th Ky., C. S. A."oSKELETON AT WHEELA dragline dredging out the Miami River in the flooded districtnear Hamilton, O., the other daybrought from the bed of the riveran automobile with a skeleton atthe wheel.The machine was evidently of the1912 model and three tires werefully inflated. The machine wasbadly rusted.It is believed the machine andoccupant were in the flood of 1912.The car had an Ohio license nupnber,14,296.eluded, another light rain pouredupon the crowd, causing many toleave and somewhat marring theclosing event.?KNOW HWHovan You TellWhether or Not You Can BeFitted Until You Try to Be ?Nowadays there are somany different models fordifferent figures theChances are Tehto OneThat You Can Be FittedWith One of OurSmartSuitsGive us a call. It's apleasure to us to show you.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREIBS P iS! muOUTFITTERS TO MENj' sv?-Li.PAGE TTTOTITO ROURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKYBgBgBSg i II II III ! JHIE BOURBON NEWSXftftblished 1881 59 -Years of Continuous PublicationMrtished Every Tuesday and Friday2m Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OWL FOREIGN BEPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association fhicago lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation oftny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perInch for flnt time; 50 cents per inch&ch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linetach Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candlfates, obituaries and resolutions, and-Bimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-'Sients and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedbo decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied by"Se cash.DEMOCRATIC TICKET) For President,James M. Cox, of Ohio.iFor Vice Preiident,IFranklin D. Roosevelt, New York.For United States SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham.Por Judge of the Court of Appeals,W. Rogers Clay.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR. SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, IS 21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"-Gilkev and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate for- Sheriff of Bourbon County, respect-fully solicits your support and in--.fluence.David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,TGDeputies.FOR JAILER"Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can-didate for Jailer of Bourbon Coun -ty, subject to the action of the Dem -ocratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.-vcVere,TU1i S p.Tflheir trade as the result of publiccinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,-with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic voters-of Bourbon county.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announce-30HN J. REDMON, of. the North"Middletown precenictr as a randi4&te for Tax Commissioner of Bour"bon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters of"Bourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAXSIONER.COMMIS-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to the,action of the Democratic party.DEMEANING THE HIGH OFFICEOF GOVERNORWhen the Governor of Kentuckyundertakes personally to conductlitigation for the State, he addsneither to the dignity of his officeaior to the strength of the State'scause, and he sadly demeans boththe office and the incumbent of theoffice of Attorney General, and thewhole thing takus on an air of partisanship calcjlaled to bring justiceinto disrepute.oRAISING THE DAIRY HEIFERCircular No. 80 prepared by J. R.Dawson, of the College of Agriculture, Extension Division, which may"he obtained from the Kentucky Experiment Station, presents for consideration scpne of the chief problems in dairying and suggests fortheir solution a discussion of whatis done when the whole milk is soldand when skim-milk is available.Extensive consideration is given inthe circular to winter 'rations fordairy heifers and to other practialwinter rations.THAT TOWN OF BOSTONA man napned Ponzi lives m Boston. He surely never got. thatname wished on him anywhere nearBoston harbor. Ponzi was longheaded enough to plant large sumsof money in different Europeancountries, and after he had established his banking connectionsabroad he began to deal in foreignexchange. American dollars are offull value. These he convertedinto depreciated foreign currency.Then by switching his credits fromone country to another he finallyworked out the problem so that themoney he had dealt in abroad forhimself and customers finally gotback to the United States through aclever process of manipulatingworth par. Ponzi agreed to payfifty per cent, profit to his investorsfor the use of their jmoney for threemonths. The surprising part of theperformance developed by an investigation was the apparent proofthat Ponzi was making good. Atthe same time he cleaned up severaimillion dollars for himself in a fewmonths.About a dozen years ago theUnited States Government wished tofloat a big bond is-sue. Everyonewas invited to bid and a Bostonman was the lowest bidder. Theastonished bankers of the countryfound that the Boston ian had noother capital invested in the bondenterprise beyond the two centstamp which he had used to mail hisbid to "Washington. Neverthlessthe lowest bidder got the job, andalmost before the Government couldnctify him to that effect the bigbanking houses got behind the Boston "postage stamp bid." The result was that the far-sighted Bostonian made a lot of money.But why shouldn't Boston lead?Didn't it have the fir&t big Americantea-party? Wasn't it the originalHub of the Univise; and hasn't itthe only State House that is decorated with a Lion and a Unicorn tosignify the ancient heritage ofEngland? Boston has its BunkerHill, its old North Church; andLexington and Concord hard by.Why, even Henry Cabot Lodge andCalvin Collidge live in "Boston'shome State of Massachusetts." TomLawson also registers from Boston.ADVERTISINGS ECONOMICEFFECT.Advertising has a profound effecton retail distribution and it works,for efficiency.It is complained by merchantsthat there are too many people intheir buiness. There is a commontendency, when a few men get agood trade built up and are servingthe public well for one or two topush in and divide up the trade.Sometimes the new men do betterwork than the old ones. In mostcities, retail trade could be conducted with better service to the publicif there were fewer stores.. A fevefficient stores gives belter servicethan a lot of places that do toosmall a business to do it on closeJ margins.Advertising is the means by-which this tendency is corrected. Iteliminates the unfit, and makes it! impossible for an inefficient store toI survive, or to get any considerablenare 0f business., Advertising tends to concentrate, th" bufciness in the advertisedUteres. As these stores get a largervolujme of trade, their expenses arerelatively less. When they doubleliy. me c-naiue mac iuu lu uc maucagainst each article for overheadexpense, clerk hire, etc., is reduced.It makes a big difference in thecost of goods, whether space occupied, clerks employed, overhead expense incurred, are large or smallfor the business done. Advertisingenables a store, to acquire a sufficient volume to keep its plant andworking force running on an economical .basis.This does not always mean thatthe large store sells cheaper thanthe small one. If the small oneslays in business, it is usually because it renders some service exceptionally well. But as it increases;sales through advertising, it is inposition to sell cheaper than previously. SELLS BANANAS BY POUNDR. G. Zierdt, a Hazleton, Pa., grocer, finds selling lettuce, salad andbananas by the pound an excellentmethod of satisfying his trade.He started the plan because hediscoAered when he disposed of thesegoods by the head or by the dozenthat the one patron who called early xlgot the best in stock and paid thesame for a large head of lettuce ortwelve big bananas as did the onewho can.e later and got the tail endof the ' assortment. This circumstance suited the early bird, but didnot appear quite so attractive aproposition to the person whoseshopping was conducted later inday.Now people buy by the poundand can get the kind of stock theywant. If they ask for large bananascr for the big heads of lettuce or ofsalad, that is what they are served,but the' pay more than the one whoseeks the smaller items of the goodson sale.oWar in Mexico must be a very insipid affair compared to the kindSherman once referred to in Ian-guage that has become famousNEW WARDEN FOR STATE REFORMATORYFRANKFORT, KY., August 9.Reforms being inaugurated by 'theState Board of Charities and Corrections reached the State Reformatory and the Central State Hospitalwhen the board announced appointment of William H. Moyer, prison expert of New York, to succeed L. R.Davis as warden of the reformatorySeptember 15 and of Dr. BertrandL. Jones, Detroit, to succeed Dr. F.L. Peddicord as superintendent atLakeland .September 1.At the same time the board gavetoken of the complete divorce of thedepartment from politics by abolishing the system of awarding insuranceto political favorites. It is arranging to let the insurance on institutions in a lump, to be apportionedamong all companies in Kentucky,the companies in turn, to pro ratethe commissions among their ownagents.Mr. Moyer has had a long and successful experience in the administration of prisons. For twelve years hewas warden of the Atlanta prison.He had charge of that institution during its constructive period and tookrank among wardens of the countryas a successful administrator. Helatter was appointed warden of theNew York State Prison at Sing Sing.Dr. Byers, Commissioner of PublicInstitutions, said:"He is of strong personality, thoroughly i ntouch and familiar with thehighest ideals in development ofprison reform; has strong businessqualifications, is a good disciplinarian, humane and practical."It was not possible for the boardto find in Kentucky any man withthe experience and training theboard feels essential to the highestdevelopment of the institution. Inobtaining the services of WardenMoyer, the board feels that it is conserving the highest interest of theprisoners and the State, and that hewill aid in a large way in the development of the policy of the board indeveloping a standard and management which will be second to none."More recently Mr. Moyer has beenin charge of welfare work underPresbyterian General Board, lookingespecialy after the dependents ofprisoners. This has rounded out hisexperience from every angle of theprison question.Dr. Bertrand L. Jones, of Detroit, Iwho succeeds Dr. F. L. Peddicord assuperintendent at Lakeland, is agraduate of the University of Louisville and for many years practiced inLouisville. Following that he tookup special work in psychiatry at theKalamazoo State Hospital, Michigan,and was later resident physician andfirst assistant at ,the State Psychopathic Hospital, Ann Arbor, Mich.Dr. Jones took up special clausesin neurology and psychiatry at thePhiladelphia General Hospital and atthe clinics of the University of Pennsylvania under Dr. Spiller and Dr.Weisenberg. He is now chief of theout patient department of neurologyat Harper Hospital, Detroit, whichposition he now holds. He is also attending neuropsychiatrist at the Detroit City Receiving Hospital.Dr. Jones, before leaving Louisville, was instructor in the KentuckySchool of Medicine. He is a graduate. Master of Arts degree, of theUniversity of Chicago.oLIFE AT THE SUMMER RESORTSThere is a lot of money in circulation, and the summer resorts arepiobably doing the biggest businessin their history. The automobilecrowd may groan at the highprices of the swell hotels. But people of moderate means will often payhigh for a brief contact with the idlerich, buc they escape as soon as possible with what remnants of cashthey retain.The natives of such resorts maynot do pinch through the winter, asthe spenders of the vacation seasonare a sufficient harvest. At homeyon easily tote your suit case to thestation, but it is a disgrace at thestylish resort to carry it from thedesk to the elevator. So you mustpay all along for your temporaryfling as a swell.To some people a summer resortis dull and boresome unless it hasall the sports and pastimes of citylife, with an incessant round ofmovies and dance halls and trickand novelty shows. Crowds by tensand hundreds of thousands flock tothese jazzy centers, in the vain endeavor to occupy their frequentlyvacant minds. Everybody visitsihcm to study hujman nature, butsensible people feel that a very littleof that life goes a long way.All over the country you find athird type of resort, where peopleof quiet tastes can rest from thegrind of labor. They find in counary life and scenic beauty a healthful influence, which quiets the tirednerves, fv-nd tones up mental andphysical a.bility.There one meets the people whoare doing the finest and most genuine work cf the world, and whokeep their natures sunny and cleauand bracing amid all the false excitements of the times. A vacationspent in such surroundings is ablessed experience and passes alltoo soon.oMAYBE FOLKS HAVE All THEIKCLOTHES BOUGHTMany of the textile mills of thecountry have been running on t.short-week schedule; while some! have clcsed down entirelv for indefi-j.f1 n(rinA The mins Rav twthere is a lack' of orders. The government's figures show that therewas a drop in wool consumption ofroarly 3 7,000,000 pounds from theaverage for the six months of 1920.Make 'your' every word, your everyletter, your every thought contagi-ous.POWDER AND PAINT ARE W C.T. U. TARGET NOW.War on powder and paint hasbeen declared by the same womenwho were so important a factor ineffecting the passage of the prohibition amendment. Fourteen hundred wojmen, constituting the membership of the Kings County (NewYork) Women's Christian Temperance Union, will lorm the nucleusof the organization to start the. onslaught on paint and powder excess. At the last meeting of the season of the Frances Willaid Union ofthe W. C. T. U., New York, Mrs.George F. Pashley, State Superintendent, announced the new platform of the organization and washailed with loud applause. "Bydint of persistency, influence andprecept, the W. C. T. U. will endeavor to wipe out this cosmoticevil," Mrs. Pashley said. "Tne immodesty of our young girls in dress-ing, the universal popularity ofpaint and powder, have reached thestage where it behooves all Christian women to put forth their bestefforts to. .save our girls from thesedemoralizinz influences."Mrs. Pashley said she thoughthings had grown much worse sincethe war. This she attributed to thelascl nation of grils for imen in uniform. "Trying to . cater to andplease the soldier," she said, "hacled to lax manners, which havebrought calamitous results.""DANDERINE"Stops Hair Coming Out;Doubles Its Beauty.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)WOMEN IN TRENCHES(Richmond Register)Thf.t two-fifths of those employedin' the tobacco fields of t Madisoncounty are women and girls is evidence brought in by an "actualcount" of one clo&e observer whosebusiness requires frequent tripsthrough various parts of this andother counties. In some localitiesthe percentage of female workers issaid to be much greater, but this isthe repcit on the local fields. It isclaimed to be a greater percentageof women and girls than ever before performed this work.oIf you aie the kind of a clerkwho cannot sand being reprovedwhen you make a mistake, see thatyou make no mistakes.LostGold band ring, with initials,"N. F. M.' engraved on inside.Liberal reward to finder, if returned to 610 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.(6-tf)Feathers For Sale.A large mattress of feathers forsale. In first-class order. Apply atthis office.For SaleStock ewes, black face, one tofour years old. Phone 254 or3213.R. L. GOLDEN,(20-tf) Lexington, Ky.For SaleA Singer Sewing Machine and abicycle. Both in excellent condition, bicycle having been used verylittle. Call 614 over CumberlandPhone for information, or apply at240 Scott avenue. (3-4t)Service Taxi Co.(Successor To Hudnall Taxi Co.)J. H. MASTERSON, Prop.Both 'Phones 204.Taxi and Truck Service Day andNight.Will Run One Car Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millers-burg and Carlisle.CAR NQ. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.mArrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.mArrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.mLeave Central Hotel 12:25 p.mLeave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.mj Arrive Millersburg .... i:uu p.mArrive Windsor HotelmmParis ;wl:30 p.m.LostSomewhere in Paris a gold ringwith red cameo setting. Had cordstring attached. Finder can securea reward of $10 by returning thering toJOHN (PETE) CAIN.(aug6-tf)FoundIn East Paris, a leather automobile side curtain, for left side.Owner can secure same by callingat this office, and paying advertising charges. (6-3t)Become a Trained Children's NurseClass opens September 1, 1920. Course one and a half years. Requirements one year in High School, or its equivalent. For particulars, address,CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL. NORTH MAIN STREET,MT. AUBURN, CINCINNATI, OHIO.Graduates from this Hospital are in great demand, and commandexcellent salaries. (aug3-4t)BLUE GRASS FAIRLEXINGTON, KY.6 Big Days and Nights 6August 30th to Sept. 4th$50,000 PRuTsS $50,000Nat Reiss Carnival Company25 High Class Shows 5 RidesNewberry's Military Band De LuxeAnd the All American Quartette inDaily and Evening Concerts3 Giant Passenger Aeroplanes 3Running and Trotting Races DailyREDUCED RAILROAD RATESKEN WALKER - - SecretaryIgmmumLtOCAlTAoncoTstancAKeep this Door Open TooMr. Merchant!Would you lock one of your doors for theprice, of a telephone?When your telephone is busy (with eitherincoming or outgoing calls) an importantbusiness-getting door of your store is closedand locked. Maybe the customer who wantsto telephone you an order will wait until thatdoor is open again but maybe he won't!If your present equipment is often in use,you might make a profit on another telephoneor "trunk" or on even several more; a goodmany merchants do.We can list them all under the same number, using any of your lines that is idle whenyou are called. It will pay you to make iteasy for your customers to reach you on thetelephone. Think it over."At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.iiaig?jiiiSagB-igaia;WANDER BACKAlong the Trail of YesterdayAwaken Sweet RecollectionsWith a ripple of laughter, a burst of song, the crash ofbands, the plaintive cry of the violin, the den nnlsat.1r.0-voice of the basso or the sensitive thrill of the tenor. Themxiumna win ao an or tnis tor you, and 30 naturally thatyou have but to close your eye3 and wander down the trailof yesterday.The ClaxtonolaThe Ideal Home PhonographT. W.MAIN STREET3LotBetween the North Middletownpike a-nd East Paris, a pocketbookcontaining three $20 bills. Finderplease call Cumberland Phone1012, and receive liberal reward.JOHN LINDSAY, JR.(aug3-tf)WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK.HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)i-J-g!!i;g!B35ggJ?T!3SPICERGPP. COURT HOU..EytocAtnL.S-. M3?- .TitHra if1gTgg3yrJliy-fHrJ'i t- -4-vJW"TA. A-,, i . ?va v, C !5$afe 'is ' :y-a.' .v-- ir.",-" iJ'J2b-4r --!r '-,TUESDAY, AUGUST 19,-1920.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARfg, KENTUCKYTHIN PEOPLESHOULD TAKEPHOSPHATESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Says Nothing: like Plain Ars;oPhosphate to Put On Firm, SolidStay-There Plesh and Muscle andIncrease Strength, Vim, Vigor andNerve Force. "-.. . jfc.Physicians claim there is nothingthat will increase weight, strengthand endurance like organic phosphate commonly known by druggistsas argo-phosphate; it is inexpensiveand is sold by all leading druggistseverywhere under a guarantee togive satisfaction or money refunded.Weakness and thinness are usuallydue to starved nervous conditions.Our bodies need more phosphatesthan are contained in the foods weeat.If you wish a more rounded figureand plump well-developed arms,neck and bust in place of hollowsyou should simply take plain argophosphate, as it builds up and restores run-down nervous conditionsby phosphatizing the system. Ittianforms the appearance and anincrease ?n weight it oftentimesquickly produced.The increase in weight also aidsin improving the general health.Sleeplessness, nervousness, lack ofenergy and ambition quickly disappear. Pale cheeks are changed to rosyones and dull eyes become bright.Miss Lena Brown of Atlanta, Ga.,who only weighed 90 pounds reportsthat she gained 10 pounds in twcweeks time and says argo-phosphatehas made a different person of herand she has never felt better in herlife.SPECIAL NOTICE Owing to thefact that so many physicians anddruggists are recommending argophosphate for relieving all nervous,worn-out debilitated conditions andthe unusually large sale for argophosphate there will be found inin the market numerous substitutesfor the genuine article. All imitations are inferior preparations andowirg to its ususual flesh producingqualities it should not be used byany one unless they desire to put onflesh and increase in weight.Dispensed by Brooks & SnappDrug Co. ii5" (julylS-auglO.)YOU CAN'T AFFORD THE STAREOARDER.If you free the poultry of lice, theChouse from mites, and then give thebirds a good balance, ration as isrecommended in Circular 66, a publication prepared by the College ofAgriculture, the number of earlymoulters will be reduced, but if thehen is molting it is because she hasstopped laying. She is a star boarder and you can not afford to keepher.-oKEN WALKER SAYS"Eevery thing I know of exceptadmission to the Blue Grass Fairhas gone up. This stays at 50cents."oToo Many Misting Periods.Mary was In the hospital for sometime and did not see as much of hermother as she would have liked, andbewailed the fact by saying: "Ohmamma, I only see you at 'the tops andbottom of these days and I don't likeit a bit?"EXCURSIONCincinnativ O.and returnvia$1.95 L. & N. $1.95Sunday, August 15, 1920Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.f returning, will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ci'.y Time. .For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.Mr. Ellis' Cash jGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky-IIced TeaGrape JuiceCanned, MeatsCheeseFruitsBerriesandGreen VegetablesI oPISTOLXxTOTERS MUSTTIME.SERVE1Both PhonesFree DeliveryGovernor Morrow has announcedthat hereafter he will issue no pardons to anyone found guilty of carrying a pistol, and that in the future all pistol toters will have toserve their sentences. Now, ifGov. Morrow will announce that liewill refuse to issue any more unless all the jury that tries the case,the Judge who presides, and thefacts justify absolute belief in theinnocence of the accused the StateaDd society will be better on.oI Everything you and I know wolAarjferi frnkn some one else. Isn'tIG. M. Turner is visiting hisdaughter, in Dayton, Ohio.R. E. Fuller, of Paris, is visiting his brother, James Fuller, inDayton, Ohio.Mrs. Edwin Davis and Mrs.Mary Davis are visiting friends inSt. Louis, Mo.Dr. H. E. Foster spent theweek-end' in Owenton as guest offriends and relatives.Mrs. Ben Buckner was a recent guest of her father, W. E.Blanton, in Richmond.Miss Jean Dudley, of Richmond, is a guest of Miss Mary Graham Williams, in this city.Col. J. H. David, of San Antonio, Texas, is a guest of his nephew,Squire John N. Shropshire, nearParis.Mrs. Edward Chaney anddaughter, Miss Luella Chaney, ofDetroit, Mich., are guests of friendsin this city.Mrs. J. H. McNeal has returned to her home in this city after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Burford Boone.in Mt. Sterling.Miss Eelanor Newhall has returned to her home in Aurora, Indiana, after a visit to her father,Joseph Newhall, in this city.Misses Clara and Ruth Highland, of Covington, are guests at thehojme of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James,on Parrish avenue, in this city.Miss Edith Harrison, an attractive young woman of Grand Rapids,Mich., is the guest of her cousin,Mrs. John Merringer, and Mr. Merringer. Miss Carrie Ramey, of Newport, is a guest of Miss Edith Stivers. Miss Ramey was one of MissStivers' pupils in the Public Schoolat Newport.Misses Julia McCarthy andMary McWilliams leave to-day for avacation visit of two weeks tofriends and relatives in WashingtonCity, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Ingels andMrs. Charles O. Lee, guests of Mrs.Nathan Linvlle, at her home nearParis, have returned to their homesin Lexington.-Mr. and Mrs. Lou Taylor andMr. and Mrs. James E. Craven andfamily have returned from a sojourn at West Baden Springs, WestBaden, Indiana.Mrs Mary Ireland Davis andlittle grandson, Charles otiuttBoardman, and Mrs. Juliet ErdmanFisher, of Paris, are visiting relatives in Chicago. ' -Miss Mary Allin Hutch craft,who recently underwent an operation for removal of tonsils at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thi?city, is greatly improved.Frank Lenihan, former Parisian, and now a prominent business man of Lexington, spent several days in this city the past week,renewing old acquaintances.Mrs. Donald Hewitt, Mrs. Sallie Corneilson and Mrs. N. R.Deatherage, of Richmond, guests ofMis. Jerome Haggard, near Paris,have returned to their homes.Mrs. Calherine Davis Craig,Sam Clay Ward and Jo. Davis, Jr.,of Paris, attended the Assemblydance in Majsville last week. Theywere guests of Miss Martha GreenSharp.Miss Mary Kenney Webber andWalter Kenney, Jr., of Paris, attended the dance given in Frankfort byGovernor and Mrs. Edwin Morrow,in honor of their charming daughter, Miss Edwina Morrow.Mrs. J. W. Hedden, Jr., MissEmily Hedden, of Mt. Sterling, andtheir guest, Mrs. Florence Suter, ofLouisville, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Mr. and Mrib.Clay Sutherland, in this city.Rev. Father Thomas Coleiman,pastor of the Church of the Annunciation, in this city, was one of aparty of guests entertained lastweek by Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Coleman, near Falmouth.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clark hadas guests for the week-end, Mrs.Maggie Clark, of Lexington, Mrs.Earl Smith and sons. Earl, Jr., andJulian, of Kansas City Itfo. Mrs.Smith and sons will be guests ofMr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott, onHouston avenue, before returningto their homes.Mrs. Lafon Riker, of Harrods-burg, former Chairman of the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs,and Mrs. Reynolds, of Louisville,one of the present officers of theFederation, were in Paris yesterday,attending the Club meeting. Theymade addresses to the Club, on theimportance of. orgaizing a local Womans' Club.(Other Personals on Page 5)oTHE BLUE GRASS PAIRThere's entertainment for everyone at Lexington the week of Aug.30-Sept. 4. Newberry's MilitaryBand de Luxe; three passengercarrying airplanes; Nat Reiss' 25car Carnival Company; running andtrotting races; prizes for horses,cattle, sheep, swine, etc.; gardenand farm products; woman's work,tobacco, baby show, and the admission to the Blue Grass Fair remainsthe same 50 cents.OUR LOCAL MERCHANTS ANDCLERKS ARE COURTEOUSPAGITHMBSome Paris people we know, ornsed 1o know, gave as an excuse lorbuying goods away from home, thatthey preferred to go to some plactwhere they were not known personally, so that they could slip outJ easily if they didn't want to make apurchase.'Many years ago, even in Paris, aswe have noted merchants and clerkswould sometimes get very (madif prospective customers and shop-Jpers aian i ouy. $ut tne moaernmerchant has long ago gotten awayfrom that disagreeable trait. If theycan't sell an article, they are aiinious to be particularly pome, nothat the customer will at least leavethe store with a good feeling and, adisposition to come again.It would be a hard jmatter, according to our view, to find a city ortown in all Central Kentucky wherethere is as much courtesy shown asthere is in Paris. Our mercnantsand their employes take specialpride in their readiness" to showgoods, and most certainly show awonderful good nature and inflnltepatience in dealing with the whimsof many-sided customers. They don'twant any customer to feel that lieor she must make a purchase, tfthey are not satisfied with the gooasand if the prices are not right.!m. AtAfill mfPneumoniaoften followsNeglected ColdKILL THE COLD!v BILL'SCASCARAfcf QUININEKOMlltfStandard cold remedy for 20 yearshit laoict iorm sate, sure, noopiates oreaks up a cold in 2nours relieves grip in 3 days.money Dack if it fails. Thegenuine .box has a Redtop with- Mr. HUl'apicture.At All Drag StmtlV n n BKTHESE BE DOG DAYS.VOCATIONAL AGRICULTURETRAINING.In order to meet the requirementsfor teaching vocational agriculturein the high schools of Kentucky,twenty-eight men matriculated inthe sumnner school. University ofKentucky, and received specialtraining in fruit growing, farmfeed and feeding, breeds and typesof farm animals.The State plans for vocationalagriculture to set up certain standards for vocational teachers. Someof the men required to teach agriculture' in high schools do not meetall the requirements as yet and thevalue of the six weeks training for1 hese men is such that each year theenrollment for these special classesis increased.We are now in the midst of "DogDays." Everybody is familiar withT- T"k ,1 1 J. If ijlus uuys, dui. iew Know ny it isso called. The period includes thetijme from July 3 to August 11, ortwenty days before and twenty daysafter the rising of the dog star,Sirus, in conjunction with the sun.According to the theory of the ancient astronomers the combinedheat of the sun and the dog starare responsible for the excessive hotweather experienced during this yeriod. However, later astronomershave learned the rising of tne sunfnd the dog star at the same time isa mere accident of nature. In timethe dog star will rise in the dept-nof winter. The Egyptians begantheir year with the rising of Sirius,which coincided with the floodingof the Nile.FEDERATION OF LABOR TCMAKE ITGHT.CHICAGO, August 9. The Chicago Federation of Labor has authorized its president, John Fitzpatrick,to appoint a committee of 15 for theannounced purpose of "actively goingto battle with the United StatesChamber of Commerce on the "closed shop" proposition and to devisemeans of preventing open shops.Mr. Fitzpatrick said exact methodsof battle will be arranged by thecommittee, declaring that' the firstaction "would bring the fight out- into the open."SPECIALMUSICGRASSAT THEFAIR.BLUEAnd Now we are Making Contracts For- FallPaintingOur Spring business was far. in excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleas.'NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILLBE HIGHER!Fall is the proper time to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint, Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKYttimii.fiA special concert by Newberry'sMilitary Band de Luxe and the AllAmerican Quartette will be the BlueGrass Fair feature Sunday evening,August 29. Admission only 23cents.ownT7Southern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT- FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKnrptoks Artificial EyesInriable Bifocal LensS1kw I Carner 4th and Chtt St.LOUISVILLE. KY.llllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllMWilliam K. Hagan G-onArchitects G- Engineer.--Paci. Ky.FIE..-T NATIONAL BANKTllllllllll-fillllllllllltllllllllliltif Isi'.tti.iiStt.IlIllIlllIIlllIlIillllllllllilltllltlillllllllllllllllf Ili:iltl.SllliIlllIlli:iIIIllIlI!13fl tlTlllris-3si5i;ggg;HEmmmmiiAttention, Farmers!YOU have the FARM; we have theGENUINE ADRIAN WIRE PENCE, givenup by all fence builders to be the bestfence on the market.Collier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phont 997Home Phone 257!! jrrggg5giig3sg-tft-fFyiFTr-mESSBig Demonstration SaleTo-day and Wednesday, Aug. 10th and 11thWhen the "Red Star" was put on the market the secret of efficient -cooking with the cheapest kerosene wasmade public. The perfection of the "Red Star" made possible for the first time the use of kerosene or otherrcheap oils without the aid of wicks or substitutes for wicks. It made possible a complete vaporization of all the.:heat units of oil and increased heating efficiency over thirty per cent.AMnrfoamDetroii Vapor OilStoVThe "Red Star" is really a gas range. It produces its own gas from any grade of liquid fuel. Itincreases heating efficiency over thirty per cent.Competent, official judges and countless housewives have proclaimed it to be the most efficient andeconomical oil stove ever offered to American women.Famous "Double -RingFlame" BurnerIt is the patented eight and one-half pound burnerthat is responsible for the great achievement of the"Red Star" oil range. This burner vaporizes all of theheat units of the fuel, leaving no trace of odoror smoke. It heats quickly. It can be heated toa fiery red heat or held to a low, even flame for slowcooking. It concentrates a double ring flame directlyunder the utensil.Beautiful, Efficient, EconomicalNot only is the "Red Star" efficient and economical to operate, but it is a beautiful range. It is designed like a city gas range, a credit. to any kitchen.It is raised on substantial legs, which permits sweep-A. F. WHEELER & COing under xand around the stove. It is a sturdily built rstove, capable of a lifetime of faithful service..DEMONSTRATION AUGUST 10-11Opposite Cpurt HouseCHAS. GREEN, ManagerParij, KentuckyiimS3Mfy'-"U4 -ItII1-ck it 0?::-:if -v.-r: -V "tJit IJ -I1 "'-1?S or acs rawB BOURBON HOOTS, PARES, KENTUCKYTUESDAY. AUGUST! 9, 1S20.uiCAMIVAL COMPANY IN RAIL-BOAD WRECK.Two mejmbers of the McDanielAmusement Company weie killedoutright, a third man is dying andlalf a dozen others were painfullyinjured when a freight train, on-vyhich they were riding was derailedat Coalton, 10 miles east of Olive IBill, Ky.f at 3 o'clock Sunday afternoon. The wreck occurred on the Lexington Division of the Chesapeake &Ohio railroad.The McDaniel Company spentsome time in Paris recently, wherethey had hoped to fill a week's engagement. They rented a large loton the Winchester pike, but theowner reconsidered a,nd refused toclose the deal, owing to oppositionfrom residents of the vicinity.P. G. McDaniel, manager of thecarnival company, told newspapermen in this city that the jinx certainly had a grip on the company,as they had experienced all kinds ofhad luck lecently and could only-wonder what would befall themnext. The company spent a weekhere, hoping to get an opening, butgave it up and left for other fields.The amusement company had beenoperating a carnival at Olive Hill.McDaniel said he supposed the men.hoarded the cars carrying the company's paraphernalia in order to saverailroad fare. He was not awarethat any employe of the companywas on the freight train, he said,until he received word of the wreck. !The company was billed to participate in the Elks' Fair this week at.Ashland.o oRELIGIOUS.oo- o. The annual meeting of theBourbon County Sunday School Association will be held in the Christian Church at North Middletown,on Thursday, August IS. An invitation tc attend is extended everyone interested in Bible School work.The 100 th session of the Kentucky Conference of the M. E.Church, South, will be held in Lexington, beginning September 1, att'ie Park Avenue Methodist church,the feature of the conference beingWie centennial celebration of Methodism in Kentucky, the program ofwhich was announced Saturday byttie commjfiee in charge. BishopCollins Penny, of Richmond, Va.,will preside. T. "",' '"' "CALLED MEETING OF NEW W0t MAN'S CLUB.p:t"S:ri .There will be a meeting of thenewly organized Bourbon CountyFederation of Women's Clubs on thelawn at the home of Miss Lucy B.Simjms, on Second street, Wednesdayafternoon, August 11, at 2:3Q,o'clock. If the weather is tlireaten-ing the meeting will adjourn to theresidence of Miss Simms. The con-stitution will be adopted and de-partments formed. All women of the jcity and county who are interestedin the Club movement are invited1 o be present at this jmeeting.oNOTES FROM THE LODGESMrs. Charles B. Dickerson wasinitiated into the mysteries of thePythian Sisterhood at their lastmeeting, held in the K. of P. lodgeroom.In the financial report recentlysubmitted to Bourbon Lodge of OddFellows, it was -shown that duringthe year the sum of $1,842.10 wasdistributed for charity, benefits and.support of Widows and Orphans.AUTHORIZES SALE OP COUtfTi'ROAD BPDS,r ; irmy" l "John T-. Collins, of the BourbonCounty Road" Cohljraission, who recently sold $100,000 worth' ofBourbon county road bonds, wasempowered by the Bourbon FiscalCourt to continue the sale of bondsuntil the full amount, $500,000,iad been disposed of. Mr. Collinswas authorized to sell an additional'issue of $50,000 worth of roadbonds.oIf you keep a scrap book of theuseful things you see in your tradepaper, you make your own abilitygreater by the addition of othermen.The BestFountain PenWe have just received a complete line of the famousLE. WATERMANSELF-FILLINGFOUNTAIN PENSCome and select one. If yourold pen (any make) needs repairs bring it to us.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STORE"Both Phones Paris, Ky.EDITORIAL FUNGSEight dollars a day for farm laboris quite a change from the old days,and there will be quite a change, inthe price of flour from the old days,too.A Carlisle young man drove twomiles alone before he discoveredlihat his sweetheart had fallen outof the automobile. Lovc-pnaking inthat city must lack some of the ardor that characterizes it uroimdParis.A Paris form player, who has hadmore or less success in picking winners, says that one way to pick awinning race horse is to select asteed which does not run so long inone place as the rest of them.Any old plug of a man may givean automobile horn a little tootand the average ' person wants tolynch him. but a pretty girl mayblow the blame thing out of theframe and nobody pays the slightsest attention to it, Isn't it funnywhat a difference it .nakes?Paris man' in bioad daylightdrove his machine through a ropestretched across Maiii street at thecorner of Main and Seventh, andthen in an indignant mannerwanted to know why the city didn'thave a watchman stationed thereto warn people! Yee-ow!Politics is a rough business for thepolitician. He builds him&elf aplatform from the odds and endsthat lie around loose, and gets hisfriends to drive the nails for him.All the good deeds he has done hehas to relate himself, and all thebad ones are brought up by his opponents. No candidate for public office inBourbon county is as good as hesays he is, and none is as bad as hisopponents say he is. Most peopledistrust all professional politicians,but most of them deserve less censure than they get. The best politician is usually the best man inmore ways than one.Every eountry editor knows thatthere are sume uius e i& oyuou.---, rs j i- j i j Ito !ose every year. It's a part ofthe game, and he has to take it a.sit is. To keep everybody loving uswe'd have to keep out of the reallyinteresting happenings that go onaround us, and tone down our viewsof everything to nothing.i- - -Two fire chiefs at the great national convention recently held inCanada had a hot argument as towho should name the parson to openthe convention with prayer. FireChief Swift McGoldrick, of theParis fire department, in commenting on the affair, said the two chiefswere evidently greatly "put out" byeach other's actions.srA Paris women who recently received a summons to appear in Police Court at a certain tipne wasvery much put out thereby. In explaining the matter to a friend shesaid: "1 have certainly receivedthe citation, but I shall not appear,could not,in fact. Not only am Inot socially acquainted with JudgeJVIartin, but the whole tone of hiscommunication is s5 impossibleI absolutely lefuse to know him.jj In a recent issue of THE NEWSthere appeared a typographicalerror, insignflcant and absolutelyharmless in itself. Yet no less thana dozen friends of the paper tookthe time and trouble to call our attention to it, losing sight of theimportance of the item itself. Whena ha?Pball player makes an error hecan get out with a good alibi, andhe always has one. But nobodywill believe that the mistake in anewppaper item is a typographicalerror.Is it against the law to fill an automobile tank with gasoline whilethe engine is running? It is notmentioned in eithpr the KentuckyStatutes or the city ordinances, nordo they mention the kindling offire with gasoline or kerosene, orblowing down a gun barrel to see if Iit is loaded. Yet, many a poor foolhas gone kicking to the Great Beyond for trying the experiment,eh?.Delando, the mystic, whose engagement at the Paris Grand, proved a big drawing card, .did not confine himself to solemnly revealingbusiness matters, but occasionallygave inquirers some humorous advice. Some one sent up a requestfor advice regarding a prospectivetrip to Cuba. "I see success for youshould you decide to go to Cuba,"said Delando, "but why should yougo there when there's so pnanybootleggers close around?" The reply drew a storm of laughter fromthe audience but Delando's countenance was as stern as that of aminister delivering "a sermon.Two charming children in a Highstreet household are having greatfun in seeing which one can discover the greatest number of "bigwords." Recently a member of thehousehold found the following noteon his writing table:"Dear Nunkie: "Aint I nice? Imade up your bed. Tee hee. Brother and I have found a new word toadd to our vociferous effervescentmacadamized Tocabulary. It istWAYLANB & ROSSITERAt The Alamo and ' Grand To-dayand To-morrow, in "The RubeTown Frolic."REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the real estate firm of H.L. Mitchell & Son, Jake Elvove soldSatin day, a house and lot on Virginia avenue, in Paris, to RobertTurner, for 1,2 50.The Paris Realty Co. sold for J.Elmer Boardiiian his cottage on Cypiess street to Gilbert M. Thompson. The price was not made public, but it is understood to be an advance over what Mr. Boardmanpaid. Mr. Mr. Thompson is fromCincinnati and is moving his familyto' Paris to live.AUTOISTS ARE LEARNINGThrough the efforts of the Parispolice owneis of automobiles aregradually learning the advisabilityof conforming to the laws regardingthe parking 'of machines, keepinging within the speed limit, and ingeneral observance of the trafficlaws. There is considerable complaint, however, in regard to thereckless imanner in which childrenof tender age drive machines aboutthe streets of-the city, and warningis given to parents that in the future the laws relating to the em-nlovment of children under the leral.. . . "wrgc will be rigidly enforced.FirfiJ Wind and LightningInsurance-Thomas, Woodford & BiyajiHEW COAL HEivI AX"'"Sk - BTTRGr.LLEKS-Fiank Hensley, who has forsome time been connected with thecoal, feed and seed business of W.D. Roysc-, in Winchester, has formeda paitnership with D. E. Clark, ofMillersburg, and will move to thatcity about August 15 to engage inbusiness.The firm will deal in coal, feed,seed and building materials. Mr.Hensley will be general manager cthe business. He will move hisfamily from Winchester to Millersburg as soon as the new firm i.iready for business.EXTERMINATE THE BORERA unique method has been adopted by the Department of Agriculture to fight the dangerous little insect known as the moth borer whichis working such havoc with our su-1S woiKing sutaflytnrAnttettiying many plansthe borer the Bureauof Entomology has sent its expertsto Cuba to import a bug or parasitewhich lives upon the moth borer.Two shipments of these parasiteshave been brought from Cuba andan atternpt is being made to propagate them in large numbers in Louisiana. An immense force of theseparasites must be raised and mobilized in order lb war effectivelyagainst the countless moth borerswhich are now attacking our sugarcrop, but the scientists are confident of ultimate victory over thehorers.HETTJENS AFTER LONG ABSENCE IN CANADADeclaring that he had returnedto Paris for the purpose of clearingup a number of financial obligations he had left behind when heleft Paris six years ago, BunyanPence, former farmer and tobaccodealer of this county, came back toParis Saturday night. Pence statedthat he had been in Canada sincehe left this city.Pence left Paris on the night ofDecember 23, 1919, leaving behindhim a number of checks which thebanks of Paris refused to honor,declaring he did not have sufficientfunds on deposit with which to meetthem. Nothing was heard of thejmissing man for a long time, whenit was learned that he was out of theState. Pence announced that hewas prepared to clear up his obligations. He will remain at thehome of his mother, Mrs. Frances! Pence, for some time, after whichhe and his family will return toCanada.oWe meet sc many who know itall that we have just caught themeaning of "ignorance is bliss."heterogeneous, or something likethat. Trusting this finds yourheterogeneous jurisdiction unani(mous by the effervescense of affldivit according to Darwin's theoryof evolution, involution and outvolution, I remain as ever, your voluminous jurisprudent carricaturous(debutante niece. Result, nunkieciict'iiTiPfi n HislnnntArl lawlinnojwhen ho attempted to read the notealoud! . .: .A.N B. HANCOCK YEARLINGSBRING GOOD PRICESThe sale of yearlings conductedby the Fasig-Tipton Company, Saratoga, N. Y., Friday night, realizeda total of $128,950. Yearlings inthe A. B. Hancock consignmentfrom his Claiborne Stud, nearParis, were prominent in the list oftop prices. One of his brown coltsby Rockview, out of Gold, was purchased by W. R. Midgley, representing the Green Tree Stable, for $14,000. 7vTr. Midgley puchased achestnut filly Celt out of Networkfor $12,500, and a brown colt byCelt out of the Imported Larkwaxer for $8,000.J. K. L. Ross bought for $12,600a chestnut colt by Jim GaffneyAlice Dudley from the consignmentof Charlton Clay, of Paris.TAX COMMISSIONER'S NOTICE. Wishing to correct a mistakenidea that seems to be currentrelative to the law governinglisting off taxes, we wish tonotify the public that the lawis the same as last year, and itis each one's duty to report inperson, if possible, at our officein basement of Court House.You will kindly note this andcall at your earliest convenience. WALTER CLARK, Tax Com.J. J. REDMON, Deputy.july!3-tf-o-BIRTHS.At the residence of Mrs. Chas.Hukill, on Mt. Airy, yesterdaymorning, to the wife of Elmer G.Nichols, of Irvine, a daughter,christened Elizabeth Warren Nichols. Mrs. Nichols was formerlyMiss Ethel Hukill, of Paris,LJ--.Advertising is an expense onlywhen it is used to reach non-buyersof the products advertised.kAWAVAWMSUCTION SWEEPERFor Removing Dirt and Grit from Carpets and RugsDoes Work of Hand Vacuum and Carpet SweeperDoes it Thoroughly Easier Costs Less MoneyInstead of spending thousands of dollars to tell the women aboutthis sweeper in magazines we have authorized The J. T. Hinton Co.to place on sale 50 ($4.00) Mesco Sanitary Suction Sweepers AS ANINTRODUCTORY OFFER for 2.85. We know that if 50 housewives stare to using these sweepers they will do MORE and BETTERadvertising than magazines therefore the first 50 buyers getthe advertising REDUCTION.Signed Metal Stamping Corporation, Streator, Illinois.INTRODUCTORYSPECIAL SALETHURSDAYAUGUST 12thSTARTING AT10 A. M. SHARP50 Sweepers atSEE OUR1MB i -1 o- o o Wju ' r-CMST RWBBERS8B6Jil;g!LftW5o o n r ro o o o od e"" Al 1I lf4 1It ouoUUOUUUOUlTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseHAIL AOT) HEAVY RAlH DAMAGE TOBACCO.A heavy hail and rainstorm passed over sections of the county aboutnoon Friday, doing considerabledamage to growing tobacco cropsin the fields. The hail was especially severe in one section of thecounty, where it damaged the tobacco on the farms of Sam Houstonand Calvin Jones. Mr. Jones hadhis crop insured.Heavy rains Saturday, Sundayand early yesterday morning addedto the farmeis' joy over relief fromthe drouth. Streams in the countyare bank full and plenty of water inponds for stock purposes. Lightning did some damage in the countybeing especially severe in the Millersburg vicinity.Tobacco growers in Nicholascounty report much damage done tocrops by the heavy hailstorm whichstruck that section Friday and Saturday. Five sheep and three hogs werekilled Saturday afternoon whenlightning struck the barn of GeorgeLusby, five miles from Georgetown.The barn was not damaged. Telephone and telegraph service wascrippled as a result of the storm.Whether the general rain overCentral Kentucky, Saturday afternoon and night will cause the spreadof rust and "wild fire" in the tobaccofields cannot definitely be determined as yet, Dr. W. D. Valleau,plant pathologist at the ExperimentStation said, but he stated he didnot think the damage would begreat, as there was little wind.On the other hand, tobacco andall other farm crops and gardenswere greatly benefited by the drizzling rain. The rain came at a veryopportune lime, as the crops weresuffering "from the continueddrouth.HAIL INSURANCEInsure your growing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)You may be a genius, but donrtexpect to win on that account.Good, hard work will beat out meregenius every tyne.U S E THI SESCO SANITARY85 I J$?This PriceBSINDOWREADn n'ooVJU mamm mm mmKaafBBJUwmmKmmmmmmmmmmmuamncmaKMm JWH., .0jrT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach UndertakingLet us cease mourning "the goodold days," for they are not to becompared with the big opportunities of to-day.The kind of energy that makessuccess in business, is the kind thatj works every day not by fits and! starts.Agent WantedLady or gentleman agent m thp-j City of Paris for Watkins FamousProducts. Known everywhere. Bioprofits. WriteJ. R. WATKINS CO..55, Memphis, Tenn(10-4t)Writing Paper You'llullVCWe have all that's best' and latestin stationery. For instance, youwant a box of paper for 35c. Wehave the newest in fine fabric papers at that price. These are handscpne packages of first-class stock,and the 35c price means thct webuy right from' the makers and giveyou the ad van tags of the middleman's profits we cut out.For 50c, 60c and 90c we havesuch papers as you can get nowhereelse for the money.Be sure that our stationery isstylish, and up-to-date. It is allnew stock, and we recommend nopapers that are not good form.Good values in pound papers, bothin fabric and bond stocks. A bondpaper by the pound costs you lessper letter than a cheap paper boughtby the box.We also carry a full line of inks,pen points, pen holders, fountainpens, etc..-... t.R. j. SHEAPEOPLES' PHAEMACYPhones 60. Paris, Ky.DISPLTHISas p(Mftt IJpIV IF l J I-AY '- - HP5SirNEITHER vacuum clear. er nor carpetsweeper, but a SCIENTIFIC and entirely NEW application of BOTH,QUICKLY" and EAStLY removes allgritthe chief el-.hent of destructionin your carpets rnd rugs.REVIVES and PEESHENS the colors.EASY to OPERATE-n'o down pressure(sotirmgand back racking), a simple forward motion makes operating apleasure.HIGHLY SANITARY-the rubber flapsrevolve in a steel case; botn flaps andcase are absolutely germ proof.Built and GUARANTEED by one of theLARGEST makers of CARPET andRUG cleaning devices iirthe country.Elegantly finished STEEL CASE, highlyENAMELED in rich, dark mahoganydesign, bright NICKLE trimmings.- R i-J zTUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1920.-.-- iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVE?-C$$wwfcw4FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEKAIL INSURANCEInsure your rowing crop oftobacco against Hail withYERKES & PEED.(july2-tf)o-WATERMELONS ON ICELucious watermelons on ice.Freshest on local market. Ordernow.(It)C. P. COOK & CO.PUBLICLIBRARY TOAUGUST 14.CLOSET4ie Paris Public Library willclose on August 14 for the summervacation, and will be reopened onSeptemrer 1. The librarian, Mrs.Macie White FithJan requests thatall books now out be returned beforethe closing day.IMPORTANT MEETING PARISCOMMERCIAL CLUBThe Paris Commercial Club willhold a meeting in the County Courtroom in the court house to-nightii i.ov u wwn. rsusmess or importance. The jmembers are urgedto attend this meeting. Show yourinterest in the Club by being present.CARD OF THAKKSThe members of P. I. McCarthyCouncil, No. 1955, Knights of Columbus, extend to the good peopleof Bourbon and otiier counties theirmost sincere and heartfelt thanksfor their liberal patronasre andSOCIAL Am) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Hare, There andElsewhere.Wo7Ir d .Mrs R- c- Rus&les..v- 111 Cincinnati, Saturday."?-lss Marsaret Letton is visit--afllesEffiG Chcnault' in Ver"fr?IiSS Savrie Rose is visitingfriends and relatives in Louisvilleand Taylorsville.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Hartley, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Jas. T. Hill.Miss Beula Quinn is a guest ata house party given by Miss Alicefchearer. in LondonV C' L,inenan former Parisian,was down from Lexington Sundayon a "business visit.Mr. and Mrs. James M. Teagerhave returned from a sojourn at OilSprings, in Clark county.Mrs. C. N. Jones has returnedto her home in Versailles after avibji uu inenas ana relatives in thisuuy.Lauthman Woods, of Paris, wasa visitor in Lexington, Sunday, asthe guest of Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill. . Thomas Alva Crawford, of Louisville, was a guest Saturday andSunday of his brother, Carl Crawford, in this city.Roger Woods and sister, MissJulia Woods, have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Mar.kevin Columbus, Ohio.Mrs. J. R. Letton, of Paris, andsister, Mrs. W. R. Cockrell, of Lexington, have gone to Martinsville,Ind., for a short stay.Miller Mcllvaine has returnedto. his home in St. Louis, Mo., afteia visit to Mrs. John Mcllvaine andother relatives in Paris.Mies Henrietta Howard has returned to her home in this city af-iv;i u, vi&il to air. ana ivirs. ueorgcJ Howard, in Nicholasville.W. K. Griffith, and Misses Virginiaand Mary Bos worth.Miss Nancy Young, of Paris,spent the week-end in Winchesteras guest of Miss Louise Boone.Charlton Clay, of Paris, andEdward Stoll, of Lexington, are inSaratoga, New York, on a businessmission.Miss Rebecca Purnell will undergo an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, for the rejmovalof tonsils to-day.M. F. Housejman, who has beenin Paris several weeks as representative of the Parker Tire Co., habeen transferred to Winchester.Mrs. Margaret , Williams, ofGeorgetown, is a guest of MissRachel McClmtock, at the apartmentof her mother, Mrs. Maggie" RogersMcClintock, in the Robneel.Mr. Swifi Champ, editor ofTHE NEWS, is improving slowly athis home on Pleasant street from aserious illness, which confined himto his bed for nearly ten days.Allen M. Kiser, who has beenat the bedside of his daughter, MissLaura Fiber, who has been very illfor several weeks, returned yesterday, to the Confederate Home atPewee Valley.Miss Hallie Mann, who recently underwent an operation at theMassie Memorial Hospital for appendicitis, is improving rapidly,and will be able to return to herhome this week.Miss Maitha Talbott has returned from Frankfort, where shewas a member of a houseparty being entertained by Miss EdwinaMorrow, daughter of Gov. and Mrs.Edwin P. Morrow.(Other Personals on Page 3.)We Are Of f ering Nice,CIean,Up to the MinuteERCHANDISEMWOMEN'S CLUBS FEDERATEassistance, which mad the picnic at . . ,waae . wnitleyd. ,.: nn A.,o-of a v. ., .. L have as guests at their home rm Vir.street Jesse H. Rodgers and J. R.Hedges, of Knoxville, Tenn.Puris on August 4, such acess.rrand suc-PAINTERS ARE BUSY.House painters say this has beenthe busiest season in their line inthe history of Paris. The greatamount of work started in thespiing has been continued withoutany indication of 4i decrease. Theflean-up and paint-up campaign islargely responsible for the decorators' activities. The men are making good wages and making fulllime, -- . ciDETkOIT VAPOR OIL STOVEDEMONSTRATIONMr. Wells, an expert from theDetroit Vapor Oil Stove factory atDetroit, Michigan, will be at ourstore on August 10 and 11 to givepractical demonstrations of this fajmous stove Housekeepers of Parisand Bourbon county are cordiallyinvited to call and witness thesedemonstrations. Read our big advertisement elsewhere in this issueof THE NEWS.(aug3-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.oATTEND TEE PUBLIC SALE OFBOARDMAN PROPERTYHarris, Speakes & Harris willoffer at public sale on the premises,Seventh street, near High, at twoo'clock, Wednesday, August 18, theproperty of Mrs. J. U. Boardman.One of the most complete homes inthe city. Must be seen to be appreciated. Lot 77x130. Substantialtwo-story frame residence in firstclass repair. Convenient to schoolsand churches. Complete with allmodern conveniences. An idealhqme and locationHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(augl0-3t)SALE OF DUROC JERSEY HOGS.Thirty-six head of Duroc-Jerseyhogs, sold by H. E. Bullock, ofGreendale pike, netted $3,495, anGeorgetown pike, netted $3,495, anaverage of $97 a head. The topprice was $210, which was paid byBrink ley Duroc Farm, of Brinkley,-Ark., for G. F. Orion Fannie, whichhas been bred to Colonel Ultimus,the $10,000 boar from MayfieldFarms. The following Bourboncounty men made purchases at the?le: Walter S. Meng, North Middlotown. Ultimus Model J, $85; Wm.H Shropshire, Paris, Fancy Loretta4th, S47.50.The big Kentucky series of Du-roc-Jerseyswine sales came to aclose Saturday at McKee Brothers'Foiert Home Faim, Versailles,"ft hen they sold forty-three head for16,465, an average of $382.90,"ft'ith a top of $1,375, the highestprice of the season.Walter S. Meng, of North Middle -town,purchased Gilt, by Edward'sSensation, for $390.o-20URB0N FARMING CONDITIONSThe week-end brought showers toniany sections of the county, revives the crops and renewing grassfor grazing. The downpour wascapricious and varied, some sectionsSetting a plentiful supply, whileothers were not so fortunate.Most of the erly planted tobaccohas been topped. " Considerable tobacco had begun to "fire" from theeffects of the dry weather, and oneaimer had begun to cut his tobaccon. order to save it.The really important work onfarms has been almost finished.Threshers have finished their work.The vheat pnd oats were never better in, quality. The same is true ofthe hay crop, which is abundantnd fine. New hay is selling for $25to $28 a ton.Over five hundred head of fatcattle were shipped to the EasternMarkets the past week. Severalthousand lambs have been shipped,for uhich the purchasers paid thirteen cents a pound.Gardens are doing nicely sincetne ning, and garden truck is coming freely to the, local markets.Rev. Dr. F. W. Eberhardt hasreturned to Georgetown after spending a month's vacation with relatives near Shawhan, this county.Rev. F. M. Tinder, of NorthMiddletown, was in Williamstown,Saturday, where he conducted th1funeral services of Mrs. R. N.Rainey.Miss Janette Locknane, daughter of Mr. and Mrs: B. R. Locknane,of this city, who has been ill at theBooth Hospital, in Covington, is improving. John Donnell and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Donnell, of Paris,left yesterday for a visit to relatives in Kansas City and otherMissouri cities.Mrs. Charles Green, Mrs. EttaYoung and daughter, Miss AnnaMae Young, and Miss Willie Soperhave returned from a sojourn atOlympian Springs.Wm. W. Dudley is spending afew days vacation in Cincinnati,with his sister, Mrs. Frank W.Shackleford, and family, and hismint, Miss MattJe Hite, formerly ofParis.Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, Mis. Luther Rice, Miss Belle Horton, ofParis, and the latter's guest, MissEdna Biggers, of Washington, D. C,npent the week-end at Crab Orchard Springs.Miss Mabel Hayes entertainedat her home in Lexington, Saturday,with a dance for Miss MargaretWilliams, of Paris, and Miss Dorothy Grubbs, of Lexington. Musicand dancing were enjoyed, and refreshments were served.Miss Harriet Rogers, of Paris,and her guest, Miss Adelaide Rose,of Philadelphia, were in Lexington,Friday afternoon, for Mrs. RogersMoore's afternoon party in honor ofthe former students of the NewHaven School of Gymnastics, wholive in and around Lexington.From "Notes of The TravelingMen" in Sunday's Lexington Herald: "A. S. Trimble, a prominentmerchant from North Middletown,Kentucky, was in Lexington, Friday buying Christmas goods. . . . J.A. Stern, popular merchant ofParis, Ky., was in Lexington, Friday, placing his order for ChristmasgoodsRepresntatives of the Paris Literary Club, the Progressive CultuieClub, and the Paris Art Club werepresent at a meeting held at theresidence of Mrs. William Myallyesterday afternoon. The meetingwas called for the purpose of cojmplating the organization of a ClubFederation, which was decided upon last spring by the study clubs ofthe county.Mrs. Lafon Riker, of Harrodoburg, president of the KentuckyFederation of Women's Clubs, andMrs. H. G. Reynolds, of Paducah,treasurer of the Federation, werepresent at the meeting, and addressed the Club members on theobjects and aims of the organization. Under the arrangements perfected yesterday all the Women'sClub of the city and county will bemerged into one organization, under the general title of The Bourbon County Federation of Women'sClubs. Great interest was manifested in the proceedings by theladies.The organization of the Federation was completed by the electionof the following officers: President,Mrs. O. L. Davis; First Vice-President,Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott; SecondVice-President, Mrs. W. H. Whitley:Third Vice-President, Mrs. Thos. W.Allen; Recording Secretary, Mrs,George W. Stuart; CorrespondingSecretary, Miss Mildred Collins;Treasurer, Mrs. Chas. Goldstein;Auditor, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry.oWARD CHALLENGES SHROPSHIRE.Interest among the trap shootersof Paris and Bourbon county isrunning high over the prospects ofa match between J. Quincey Wordand Squire John N. Shropshire, bothof whom have proved their prowessat the traps, in contests both localand in State tournaments Mr.Ward has issued . a challenge toSquire Shropshire to shoot for a silver cup won by the latter at themeeting of the Kentucky TrapShooters' Association held recentlyin Louisville. The contest is to bestaged at the grounds of the oldHilltop Gun Club on the farm ofAlfred Clay, near Austerlitz. Thechallenge was accepted by SquireShropshire. The shoot will be heldon Labor Day, September 6.At the Louisville meeting SquireShropshire won the silver cup bybreaking 97 clay pigeons out of apossible 100. His nearest competitors were Woolfolk Henderson, with96. Ben Goff, with 96, and ZachMrs. F. P. rnmnbfill nnd dmie-h- loffutt, with 96. Squire Shropshire-" - O I ,t.!er, Miss Mary Frances Campbell,have returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati. MissCampbell has been a member of ahouse party being entertained inCovington by her cousin, Miss NellieCase. She was also honor guest ata dance given by Miss VioletDeigenheart, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Estill,Robert Estill, Mrs. Claude Williams,Dr. Julian Estill, Mr. and Mrs. Fayette Johnson, Miss Sallie Johnson,Mi. and Mrs. Carterman Estill anddaughter, Miss Alice Estill, of Montgomery ocunty, composed a motoring party from Richmond here lastweek. They spent two days inParis as guests of friends and relatives. Dan W. Peed, Harry B. Clay,Wallace W. Mitchell, J. Frank Clay,E. M. Dickson, John T. Davis, ofParis, D. C. Peterson, of Glasgow,and Duke Smith, of Cynthiana, leftSunday morning for a three-weeks'fishing and camping trip at LittleCuirent, Canada. W. H. Harris, ofLexington, who had expected to jointhe party here, was unavoidably detained by business, and will golater.Misses Nancy Griffith and sister, Mrs. Powell Bosworth, were hostesses Friday afternoon at a luncheon-bridgegiven at Miss Griffith's(home near Paris in honor of MissLucien Buck, of South America.The rooms were beautifully decorated with brilliant summer flowers.Luncheon was served at noon. After lunch eight tables of players enjoyed bridge. The guest prize, adorine, was awarded to Mrs. Buck,the prize for the highest score, ahand-painted China bell, wasawarded to Mrs. William KennoyFerguson, while Miss Margaret Ferguson drew the consolation prize, amepnora-ndum book. The hostesseswere assisted by their mother, Mrs.won the cup in 1919 and must winit again before he becomes its permanent owner.BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirlogular shoot at the Club groundsin East Paris last Friday afternoon. Fifty shooters took part inthe sport. The trophy that wasdonated by Shire & Fithian resulted in a tie-up of four shooters. Inthe first shoot-off of the tie at twenty-fivetargets Mr. R. C. Ruggleswas returned the winner, withAmos Turney as the runner-up.Those breaking twenty or moreout of twenty-five targets were asfollows:Dr. R. R. McMillan, 25, 23, 22;Alfred Clay, 22, 24; Aylette Buckner, 20, 24; R. C. Ruggles, 22, 22;Walter W. Kenney, 24; Fiank Williams, 21; James W. Thompson, Jr.,21; Ray Taylor, 20; DouglasThomas, Jr., 20.Next Friday, Aug. 13, the clubmembers will shoot for a trophy donated by J. W. Davis & Co. Thistrophy is now on display in theivlarge show window.oThe supreme honor of salesmanship is that it deals with the mostdifficult of raw materials humannature.Farms For SaleWe have a big list of farms, allkinds, sizes, prices and terms.Write or call for this big list. Makf1your selection early. "Indiana BidsYou Welcome,"- WM. -E. OGLE AGENCY,evay and Madison.Jndiana.(auglO-tf-eot)At Prices AwayLESS THAN COST!We are selling out the entire stock,consisting ofDry GoodsNotionsMillineryReady- to-Wea rand everything in the way of ladies'furnishing goods. Our stock must besold. The stock has been markeddown very low. Now is your chanceto buy your wants at a big saving.Act before it's too late.HARRYS I IVf ONPARIS, KENTUCKYanYour LastAt Getting Clothes at 20 Per Cent DiscountRead These Prices15.00 Suits cut to $12.0018.00 Suits cut to, 1 4,4020.00 Suits cut to ,....x 16.0022.50 Suits cutto 18,0025.00 Suits cut to 20.0027.50 Suits cut to 22;0030.00 Suits cut to 24.0032.50 Suits cut to 26,0035.00 Suits cutto 28.0037.50 Suits cutto 30.0040.00 Suits cutto 32.0042.50 Suits cut to 34.0045.00 Suits cut to 36.0047.50 Suits cutto 3S.OO50.00 Suits cut to . . -x. 40.0052.50 Suits cutto 42.0055.00 Suits cut to 44.0057.50 Suits cutto 46.0060.00 Suits cut to 48.0065.00 Suits cutto 52.0067.50 Suits cutto 54.00Copyright, 1920,A C Kirschbaum CbmpuqrNext Saturday Will End Our 20 Discount SaleWe're sure there are lots of men and young men that want to take advantage of ourspecial prices, so for their benefit we are continuing our sale one week longer. You'll re- Igret it later on if you don't take advatage of these prices. The styles at e right up to theminute in newest colorings and patterns. A look will convince you that we are givingwonderful values.Silk Shirts at $7.50, $9.00 and $10.We have just received a new shipment of Silk Shirts, which we are clearing at specialprices. New patterns and colorings. $7.50, $9.00 and $10.00.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.iMSi. XI 1f-1S6tiaflUiflirinrii. rimJ'aJto,---'---jM -"-"il'Arfiinliii. ruin6y',a2jS-.v.THE BOURBON NES, PARIS,, KgNTlfginrr r age sixTUISDAT, AUGUST 19, lS2a.wftyfMLTWES&.v'V.?rfHELPSMAKERICH,REDBLOODAnnually use these tablets of -organiciron Nuxated Iron to buildupred blood, strengthand endurance.Dr.H.. B.Vail, formerly Physician in the Baltimore Hospital and a Medical Examiner says:"There are thousands whose bodies are ageing andbreaking down at a time w hen they should be enjoying that perfect health which carries defiarce to disease simply because they are not awake to the condition of their blood. By allowing it to remain thin.?ale and wctery, tl.cy are ncgr.inR the natural lifeorcea of the body a chance to do their work. Iron isred blood food and in my experience I have found nobetter means for building the red blood corpuscles andhelping to k'ic increased power to the blood than organic iron JCuxated lrcn." Nuxated Iron comes iatablet form only and does not contain any ordinarymetallic iron but only the finest quality of pre-digcsted organic iron which is easily assimilatedoy tne blood.imiAtfUPJMULE LET LOOSE AND CHARILYCharley Dickenson, experienced;horseman, while Strolling in frontOf the First National Bank at Cleburne, Texas, spied a mule complacently munching grass.Approaching the anijmal, Charleypelted it affectionately on theflank, with the result that the muleplayfully landed with both hoofsjust above Charley's belt. Thenwith a downward swoop the animaldeftly removed Charley's trousers.Seeing Dickerson's predicament,nassersbv rushed him into the bank,where, with the aid of a telephone, jlie soon secured another pair.SAY "DIAMOND DYES"(Don't streak or ruin your material in apoor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."fcaey directions in package.ftp'"CORNS"Lift Right Off Without PainPONZI CONTINUES TO MAKEGrOOD. .- .BOSTON, MASS., August 9.Charles Ponzi, whose offer of 50 percent return on investments in ninetydays, has resulted in federal andstate investigations, declined the suggestion of Attorney General Allenthat the state conduct an investigation to determine his assets. Theaudit now being made by federal authorities is for the purpose of disclosing his liabilities."There is no law which can forceme to show all my assets," Ponzi asserted. "Show me my liabilities andI'll show enough cash to cover them."The offices of the Securities Exchange Company, conducted by Ponzi, continued throughout the day tohonor all notes presented by an everdiminishing line of investors.Speculators, two of whom claimedto have made $14,000 yesterday bypurchasing notes at 10 per cent discount, met with little success today.Ponzi and his wife attended atheatre tonight and his appearancewas the signal for shots and cheersfrom the audience, to which he responded by bowing from his box.; oFIREMEN AND WORKMENKILLED IN EXPLOSIONCOL.HUNT ACQUITTED ON SERIOUS CHARGENEW YORK, August 9. RearJohn E. IJunt, former commander ofthe Fort Jay military prison, hasbeen acquitted on a charge of neglectof duty in connection with the escapeof Grover C. Bergdoll, wealthy Philadelphia draft dodger, it was announced Wednesday.Colonel Hunt was fully exoneratedin approval of the court's acquittalby Major General Bullard, commanding the Department of the East.The specific charge against ColonelHunt was that he had not providedsufficient guards for Bergdoll, whoeluded two sergeants of nearly twenty years army experience when heescaped from his Philadelphia homeMay 20. He was out of prison onspecial permission from the War Department. ! oSAYS PRESIDENT BETTER THANBEFORE ILLNESS.WASHINGTON, August 9. RearAdmiral Gary G, Grayson, personalphysician to President Wilson, leftWashington last week, for a vacation at ja resort a considerable distance from Washington in connectionwith his departure. It was said bypersons in touch with the WhiteHouse that the President's conditionof health had so improved and hewas in such good shape that Dr. Grayson had not left any other physicianto attend the President during hisabsence.Reports indicating that the President's health had suffered a severesetback have been circulated recently. According to some of those whohave seen the President, he is in better shape than he has been since theBeginning ot ms illness nearly ayear ago. He presided at a meetingof the Cabinet this week, and afterward Cabinet officers said that hiscondition showed marked improvement. "He's doing more and better workthan any man in Washington," saidSecretary Colby, who added, "andyou may quote me as saying that." v" SAY "DIAMOND DYES"MAN'SBEST AGEA man is as old as hi9 organs ; hecan be as vigorous and healthy at70 as at 35 if he aids his organs inperforming their functions. Keepyour vital organs healthy withGOLD MEDALmusum.!Tb 3 world's standard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric add troublessince 1 69 6 r corrects disorders; stimulatesvital organs. All druggists, three sizet.Look for Che nam Gold Medal oh ararjr beaad accept M imiUtieaAttention, Wheat Growers!Don't Forget We Are in the Market ForYour Wheat, and that We Always GiveFAIR GRADES AND HIGHEST PRICESPlenty of storage space at a reasonable charge if you care tohold your wheat for higher prices. Get your bags from us.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.YOU KNOW THIS FELLOWI'm the guy who tells one funny (story after another and never gives ,y6u a cnance to spring your -pet-one.-I- i- iI khow a lot of 'em and l don t (like to quit until I've told all of 'ehl .I can think of. So I hold the floor, jJust because you've got one in iyour system that -you want to get jout is no reason why I should stop .and let you. IYou may he trying so hard not toforget yours that you aren't listening to mine, but I keep on telling'em just the same.You may like to tell one, but sodo I, and 1 make hay while the sunshines. If I give you the floor, Imight not get it back again.There's more fun telling 'em thanlistening to 'em anyway. I tell 'emto you to amuse myself. It wouldbore me to listen to you for I'd onlybe waiting impatiently to resumemy jmonologue. And you know it.IWE HAVE ON DISPLAY' and can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYJunel5-3mTAXIBANDITSYORKH0LB UP'PLACENEW5i ifraCINCINNATI, O., August 9.Fred Hotel, Joseph Scott and LeeWest, firemen, were killed in explosions following a fire in the plant ofi the Refiners Oil Company hereThursday night. .Eight other liremen were taken to hospitals. Twoof them are said to be in a criticalcondition as the result of burns.The fire loss was nominal,sions traveled along a fence to threesions traveled alog a fence to three1,000-gallon gasoline tanks which exploded immediately following the arrival of a hook and ladder company.All members of the crew were enveloped in the burning liquid, Hoteland Scott perishing in the flames.West died after being removed to ahospital.STATE SCHOOL CENSUS FIGURESMADE PUBLICDon't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package." ...-.. .....TGIRLS! MAKE ALEMON BLEACHLemons Whiten and DoubleBeauty of the Skin) ! 'Doesn't huit a bit! Drop a little"Freezone" on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a tew cenid, j The 1920 school- census showssufficient to remove every hard corn, i tnat there are 642,221 children ofsoft corn, or corn between the toes, 'school age in Kentucky, -which is anand the calluses, without soreness increase of 76,633 over the last cen-Squeeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonbleach for few cents.Massage this sweetly fragrantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.(Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T)or irritation.(adv-T-tf)PRESS IS THE LEVER THATMOVES THE WORLD."The press is the lever that movesthe world as no other earthly powercould move it," said Supreme CourtJustice Fawcett, in Brooklyn, when jhe .continued the preliminary in-jjunction granted in favor or u 'Brooklyn newspaper, restraining jMayor Hylan from banning fromthe reporters' well in the Board oi 'Estimate chember a representativeof the paper, with whom he had had3. difference. "T4ie press should nothe hampered while in the lawfulpursuit of news, or interfered withwhile honestly dissiminating reanyimportant information for its readers," Justice Fawcett ruled,v , oNEW DEPUTY BANKING COM-& MISSI0NERFRANKF6RT KY, August 9.Banking Commissioner James P.Lewis has appointed W. W. Peavyhouse, Hazard, deputy banking commissioner to succeed A. A. Adams,Whitesburg, rested. He also appointed Lon Richards, Lewisport,state bank examiner.Peavyhouse jhas ben connectedAvith the Hargis Trust Company, ofJackson, for many years, fitichardswas in the banking business for sevenyears and at present is principal of ahigh school in Ohio County.Adams will return to Whitesburgwhere he is in business.oBELIEVES BICYCLE WILL BE REVIVED. ATLANTIC CITY, August 9.The bicycle industry has progressedmore rapidly in the last year thanany other industry in the' UnitedStates. This striking proof of therevival of bicycle riding was broughtout at the opening session of the convention of the Cycle Trades of America here.The bicycle was emphasized as thecheapest means of transportationknown to man. It was stated unofficially that 650,000 bicycles weremanufactured in the United Statesin Jtke last year.An appropriation of $300,000 was"voted for the advertising campaignin the interests of the bicycle industry in general during the coming.year.jsus taken in 1918. There are 296,-088 white male pupils, making atotal of 582,068 white children ofschool age. There are 60,153 colored children of school age, of which, 29,936 are males and 32,170 females. In 1918 there were a total or565,588 children of school age In theState.I oASPIRINName "Bayer" on Genuine''Bayer Tablets of Aspirin-' is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions and prescribed by physicia-nsfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)OLD KENTUCKY HOTEL BURNEDAT VANCEBURGAMERICAN NOTE MAKES IMPRESSION IN JAPAN.TOKIO, Aug. 9. The Apiiericannote dealing with Japan's occupationof the Northern part of the island ofSaghal appears to have made an unpleasant impression generally uponthe Japanese, but the hope is expressed that the government will be ableto convince the United States thatthe occupation is only of a temporary character.The newspapers in their commentare adopting, in the main, three linesof opinion. The first, representedby the Kokumin Shimbun, is thatAmerica's attitude toward Japan isin the nature of a challenge. Thesecond, voiced by the Yomi-YuriShimbun, is that the Japanese militarists are to blame for what it declares is the misconception abroadabout Japan. The third, expressedby the conservation Jiji Shimpo, isthat the occupation of Russian territory by .the Japanese constituted adoubtful policy, liable to cause difficulties both at home and abroad.AMERICAN TOBACCO SALES INCREASED...NEW YORK, August 9. Fivearmed taxi bandits entered the LenoxBaths backed five employes againstthe wall at the point ot revolvers anatook $150 from the cash registerafter 'felling Harry Cohen, manager.They fled with from $7,000 to$10,000, which they obtained fromdeposit boxes in which 175 patronssleeping in i;he establishment, hadchecked valuables.Morris Hochman, the ticket taker,said that when the men came in fromtheir two taxi and said "hands up"he thought it was a practical jokeand began to giggle. He was .promptly stretched out on the floor by thebutt of a revolver.Picking himself up he crawled overto a telephone to call the police whenhe was knocked down again and wascontent then to join the lineup alongthe wall.LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more' than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, Kentuckyn.ioUILT on the same extra-length chassis as that ofthe large Buick Sedan, this seven-passenger modelrepresents, in open car design, an exact duplication insize and quality of the more costly closed body type.In every respect, its manufacture is just as scrupulousto fulfill in serviceability the promises made by its fineappearance. And the full measure of the ModelK-Six-49 makes it generous in comfort in roominessin looks in all other qualities that are best appreciated in combination with the powerful Buick Valve-in-HeadMotor.Prices f. o. b. Flint, MichiganFire destroyed the Carter Houseat Vanceburg, in Lewis county, oneof the oldest hotels in the Ohio valley. Assistance was asked of theMaysville v fire department, bucould not he granted because of theinability to get the engine there.oNEW YORK, August 9. Sales ofthe American Tobacco Company increased approximately 114 per centduring1 the period of 1912 to 1919,according to report of the company'sbusiness for last year,, made publicSsr'urday.Sales in 1919 were $146,023,730,compared with $67,950,257 in 1912,an increase of $78,073,473.With the distribution of a 75 percent stock dividend in August the total capital, including the funded debtwill have been increased to $164,056 J 00, an increase of 67 per centever 1913.Model K-44Model K-45$1595.00$1595.00Model K-46Model K-47$2235.00$2465100Model K-49 - $'- S65.0Model K-50 . 195.00Prices Revised April 1, 1920,IS3&VOLDEST ODD !FELL0W DEAD.CRILLlCOTHE, MO., August 9.Socrates England, believed 'to be thesecond oldest Odd Fellow in theUnited States, died here at the ageof 97.He became a member of the I. O.O. F. at Curderville, Ky., in March,1855. He had also been a memhprI of the Masonic order for the past 50years, ana had lived m this place forp years, tie came to Missouri fromTo Clean Furniture.If instead of spirits of camphor.camphorated oil be used In cleaning Harrodsburg, Ky.. in the snrinc ofnr4- nnltr .nm.c 4-V.o ( 1 RKK tlrVlAn TTrmanr "!l... I'llfurniture, it will not oaly remove thewhite stains hut restore the polish.oOnion Breath.The onion breath dreaded by inanyia done away with If a little milk ladrunk afterward.000, when Kansas Citv was fiiiknown as Westport Landing.oThe man who is so constitutedthat you would be willing to domost any kind- of a favor, for him isthe o-ne-who seems to need help theleast..i...1 " v, '-i'' v ..! v. .vi'1 :kwEST'When better automobiles are built, Buick will build themThe C. S. BallCor- fourth afnd RtoMaiJGarasresiv. JTUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1920,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY?,.vft.IT'S SURPRISINGThat So Many Paris People Pail ToRecognize Kidney Weaknessxe you a bad back victim?Sufftr twinges; headaches, dizzyGo to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few suspectthe kidneys.It's surprisin;how few knowvhat to do. .,,.,,Kidney tiouble needs kidneytreatment.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thekidneys only.Have convinced Paris people ortheir merit.Here's a Paris case; Paris testimony-Kidney sufferers hereaboutsshould read it.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet- says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting thepi from therdeiy Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly thinkthey are a good, reliable kidneyremedy. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or rny backhas bten weak and lame, I haveused a box or so of Doa-n's KidneyPills. They have always relievedne cf "he complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimplv ask for a kidney remedynet Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Poster-Mil-buinCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oBEWARE OP LEAKSBefc.e canning, a test should bemade for leaks in a screw top iar byniacins the top on the jar withoutthe rubber, according to the HomeEconomics Department, College ofAgriculture. If the thumb nail canhe inserted between top and glassthe top is usually defective. Placerubber and top in position andscrew down lightly. Pull rubberfrani position. Release. If therubber returns to position, the topis defective.A business iman's wife could notsew or read without sharp pains inher eyes. For years her eyes werered and weak. Finally she tried simple witchazel, camphor, hydrastis,etc., as mixed in Lavoptik eye wash.The result produced by a singe bottle amazed everyone. We guaranteea small bottle Lavoptik to helpANY CASE weak, stiained or inflamed eyes. Aluminum eye cupFREE. Brooks & Snapp Drug Co.(adv)It is said that position affectsiP's rleep especially a position onthe police force.BRIGHTER,4fe,EVEMNVr:Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothRy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does BassHer home was litRy flickering Gas. ,But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inconws.tedINTEBUBBAN SCHEDULE. CARS LEAVELexmgon Por. ParisParis PorLexingtonA. M. 6:45M. 6.00rA- M. 7:20A- M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05a- M. 11.50P. M.1:202:504:206:007:20P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.9:10p- M. H:00P. M. 11:55(x) Dally except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYWOMAN'S CASEAMAZESPARS" 3INCREASED VALUATIONS.FRANKFORT, JvY., August 9.An increase of $14,391,730 in theassessment of intangibles reported byCounty Tax Commissioners and of$77,975,416 in real estate, includingcity and farming land and mieralrights and leases, failed to make upin the 1919 State assessment for the$103,000,000 intangibles of the Bingham estate, which were included inthe 1918 assessment and which wentoff the Jefferson County tax hookslast year. The total assessment for1919 of $1,774,383,425 is $13,700,052 below that of the year before.Of the total assessment real estate represents $1,120,081,538, almost two-thirds. The assessed valueof water craft in Kentucky streamsis $13,674,528, about two and a halfmillions more than the combined assessed valuation of all mine equipment, mineral products and royaltiesreturned, and only $2,700,000 lessthan the return on mineral rightsand leases. Coal and other mineralin the ground are assessed as ruralreal estate.-O-350,000 PORMER SOLDIERS AREGIVEN JOBSActivities of the Knights of Columbus in reconstruction, educa-,tional and patriotic work were detailed to the delegates attending the38th supreme convention of the order at New York, by Supre(meKnight James A. Flaherty. "Wehave placed more than 350,000men in employment without cost tothem," he said, adding that tens ofthousands of former service men andwomen were benefited by the order'seducational campaign. Five hundred veterans are receiving collegeeducations in representative univer-isities. The K. of C. school systemhas grown from 1 to 73 schoolswithin 12 months and will grow to200 schools before the end of theyear, he predicted. Teachers arepaid 25 per cent, more than the public school rate, he added. The ultimate aim is to have a system of 500self-sustaining night schools. Openalso to civilians for nominal fees.Lecturers in the K. of C. campaignagainst Bolshevism, have addressed2,000,000 persons in 700 cities,Flaherty said.oTHOUSANDS OF PERCH POISONED AT REELP00T.Sun perch in an era extendingover fifteen acres of Reelfoot Lakewere poisoned by stagnant waterlast week. There are estimated between ten and fifteen thousandpounds of dead fish on top of thewater there. The poisonous waterwas blown by a hard wind fromBlack Slough, which empties intothe lake. The slough is shallowand the water had been standing forsome time. Onlookers said theperch began to come to the top immediately after the overflow of thelake, fighting for air. The top orthe water at that point shortly wascovered with dead fish. The incident is unprecedented at Reelfoot,which has been a favorite resort ofKentucky sportsmen for years.o! QUIT TOBACCO Ii' ?ij So easy to drop Cigarette, jCigar, or Chewing habit2To-To-Bac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, just placea harmless No-To-Bac tablet in yourmouth instead. All desire stops. Shortlythe habit is eompletely broken, and youare better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, "so simple. Get abox of No-To-Bac and if it doesn't release you from all 'craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question. No-To-Bacis made by the owners of Cascarets;therefore is thoroughly reliable.J.Does Your Letterhead Get It?The appearanca of your letterhead may mean success orfailure. Do yourself justicein the quality of your businessmessenger.i nn GlllilTIl jlWt Insfl Ik!yf iiwwriaWe do not advocate extravagance. We recommend theuse of a Very moderate pricedStandard paperwhich has won recognitionfor its quality and the serviceit gives. We are prepared tofurnish that paper and to printyou a letterhead that is a dignified represantative.See W&at We Can Give YonBefore Yon Place an OrderNews Job DepartmentISOUT WITH FACTSIs Rack On The Job And Peels TenYears Younger Since Taking Tanlac."Tanlac has put an end to a caseof rheumatism that had about laidme out altogether, and I have gainedtwenty pounds in the last six weeksbesides," said John C. Temple, anetmployee of the Overland Automobile Co., living on Caswell Road, Toledo, Ohio."For five years I had suffered fromrheumatism in my( right leg all theway down to my feet, and in spiteof all the liniments and medicines I tried I got worse all thetime. Every now and then therheumatism would get so bad Iwould take to my bed. Why, sopietimes my leg and foot would swell1wice their natural size and I wouldbe laid up in bed helpless for weeksat a time. I lost half a year fromwork during this time and was inpain and suffering nearly all thetime. I lost my appetite and didn'trelish a thing I forced myself to eatand I fell off in weight until I gotdown to one hundred and twentyeight pounds."Some time ago a friend of mineadvised jme to try Tanlac and it waslucky for me that I did so. Therheumatism commenced to lose itsgrip right away and now I believeit has all been driven out of mysystem, for I haven't had an acheor pain of any kind for three weeks.I am working every day and I feelas strong and active as I ever did. Ihave an appetite that can't be beatand I now weigh one hundred andforty-eight pounds, a gain of twentypounds. Tanlac has built me up towhere I am feeling ten years younger, and a medicine that will do thatdeserves all the praise I can giveit."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the Peoples Pharmacy. (adv). o"CARRY THE COUNTRY WITHCOX."The Glasgow Tijmes says: "Amongthings not mentioned in the Republican platform: "America's part inthe war. Was this not important?Was it not honorable? Could notihe Republicans have rememberedat least our dead who died in thewar. Their silence deserves anearnest rebuke."AMERICAN BOY SCOUTS IN ENGLAND. LONDON, August 9. A team ofAmerican Boy Scouts from Miami,Fla., at the International Boy Scout"Jamboree" established what is believed to be a world's record in theterk-cart competition. Eight of theAmerican youths, competing againsta similar Welsh team, covered 500yards over obstacles with a twowheeled trek-cart loaded with eightsandbags weighing 400 pounds, in 2minutes 53 3-5 seconds. The teamhad to unload their carts, get themover a wall, reload them and runthrough a pool of water. The Welshboys took more than four minutes toaccomplish the task.oSTATE PROPERTY VALUATIONSHOWS DECREASEThe total assessed valuation ofproperty in Kentucky for 1919 is$1,774,383,425, as compared to$1,788,083,477 for 1918. On theface of these figures it appears thatthe 1919 assessment is $13,700,052lower than the 1918 assessment.When it is taken into considerationthat the 1919 assessment of intangible property in Jefferson countyshows a decrease of $97,575,076,due to the fact that the Binghamestate was assessed at about $103,000,000 in 1918 and for 1919 wasnot assessed at all, the 1919 assessment is really $89,299,948 greaterthan in 1918.An increase of $77,975,416 over1918 is shown in the assessment oflands, mineral rights, leases, townlots and improvements.oWAR IS NOT OVER POR THESE.While a lot of people are forgetI in all about the war there are stillapproximately 17,625 War Risk patients in the government hospitals.The government has decided toconvert two of the national homesfor volunteer soldiers into sanitoriums for the exclusive treatment oftuberculosis and another one of thehomes into a sanitorium for the exclusive treatment of mental cases.These institutions are necessary because of the condition of ex-soldiers,most of whom have suffered fromshell shock and poisonous gases.These patients who have ' becqmedisabled by reason of their militaryor naval service are provided forunder the War Risk act.o'" The Thinkers of Old.In the seventeenth and eighteenthcenturies the greatest thinkers of theworld gave themselves up to mathematical and physical research.Is it an intimate knowledge of detail which enables you to do it, oris it an expansive imaginationI started by the headline you read?OVERLANDMADEPUTIES AND MOUNTAINEERIN .BATTLE.PtfTEVILLE, KY., August 9.Zach Saylor, 45 years old, was killedand Austin Saylor, his son, was seriously wounded near Hulen, thirtymiles from Pineville in Harlan County. Frank Taylor, a deputy sheriff;Britt Howard, John Payne and Walter Taylor, all deputized by Taylor,it is alleged, 'did 'the shooting whileattempting to place the Saylors under arrest.It is said that the trouble aroseover the Saylors shooting along anublic road and threatening JohnPayne. Deputy Taylor, accompaniedby his brother, Walter Taylor, cameupon the scene and attempted to arrest the Saylors, who opened fire upon them, it is said. Taylor returnedthe fire and also asked the three mento assist him. A general firing followed, probably seventy-five shotsbeing exchanged, according to reports. The elder Saylor was shot whilebehind a tree and died almost instantly. His son was riding a mule.After he was shot the mule fled tothe woods and the man was not foundfor several hours. His wounds willprove fatal. Howard Payne and Taylor gave themsleves up to the sheriffof Harlan County and were releasedon bond. Saylor is survived by hiswife and four sons.MOTHER!"Calif orniarSyrup"of; Figs"Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresuro your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, ' liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)oWAR BRIDES EN ROUTE TOAMERICA.SOUTH AMPTON, August 9.When the United States army transport Pocahontas steamed out of thisharbor for New York she had onboard over a hundred war brides andtheir doughboy husbands who are being returned to America because ofthe lack ot housing facilities in Coblenz. All the married men in the Armyof Occupation, whose wives are withthem and who rank under the gradeof Sergeants, are being orderedhome.Of the brides won by soldiers overjseas and who are to see America forthe first time, the greatest number,forty-four, are German. Englandand France are each represented withtwenty-one while Rusia and Italyeach contributed ten.oK. OPC. PILGRIMAGE LEAVESPOR FRANCE.The Knights of Columbus pilgrimage "to France, where it willpresent and dedite a statue ofLafayette at Metz, was given anoisy farewell as it sailed awayfrom New York on the steamshipLeopoldina.The delegation comprises 250 persons, including 12 Catholic priests.The Lafayette statue at Metz, a giftof the order to France, is to be unveiled August 21 by Marshal Foch,who also will be presented with ajewelled baton at the same time.The delegation will make a pilgrimage to the famous Catholic Shrineat Lourdes in Southern France andthence journey to Rome, wherePope Benedict has consented togrant it an audience.ARE MARKETING WHEATFarmers in Missouri are marketing their wheat earlier this yearthan last. Ihe dry weather hasmade the country roads as good asit is possible to tmske them, andwagons laden with the goldengrain are moving into every market. Prices for wheat are even betterthan las year. Wheat growers aretaking advantage of the high pricesof wheat and the low prices of Liberty Bonds to exchange the bestgrain on earth for the best investment on earth bonds issued by theUnited States Government.oName Greyhound.The name greynound appears tohave no reference to the color, but Isderived from the Icelandic "grey,"meaning a dog.Don't mistake the stubbornness ofyour prejudices for the courage ofyour convictions.fj' Ll64A SURE TIPPut Your MoneySuits and YOUYou'll win Style, Service,Coinfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Valuesat$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear"SAVE THETWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor) 'iTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplescar," because there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.Ruggles Motor Company,Bank Row, Paris, Ky.IX1SXKi:E:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.XXilBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors'A11Telephone No. 4XThe Bourbon LaundryParis,;xion One of OurCANT LOSE!;filfich Summer ClotheDIFFERENCEffIXIXIXIEX134X!iXWest Fifh Street- Xsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!vvitn an tne latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work" inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Kentuckym&1X3V'IXIXIXIiv-jp.i&.-vv.V,,:t 'Sstv'-os-PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUJDAT, AUGtWT 19, 19UADMSSION IThe Alamo and Grand Opera Housenuuiu Af c piu ov war uu . wChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax .... 20cTO-DAYTUESDAYMADLAI1NE TRAVERSE"THE TATTLERS" '"-ttBW RlchAlso WILLIAM DUNCAN in "The Silent Avenger" and Prizma Color PictureSEE WHAT SARISAWin the haremin the mosqueon the desertwhen she lifted her veilon the street of mysterySEE ALL THIS AND MOREin the wonderful$500,000 PRODUCTIONWednesday and Thursday'The Virgin of StambouTSTARRING-PRISCI LLA DE A NTHE YEAR'S MOST STUPENDOUS PICTURE!A picture that lifts youout of yourself with itsliving, throbbing heart appeal, surrounded by all thesplendor of the East, thelanguor of its mysterouscities, the scenic wondersof its desert panoramas.lSIX MONTHS in the making thousands of players in the mighty cast whole streets and mosques in old Stamboul reproduced with unfailing fidelity far-flung scenes of the Arabian desert camel caravans and Turkish' cavalry and wildriding Black Horse Troopers these give you hut the faintest idea as to the magnitude of this Master Production createdby TOD BROWNING.ADDED ATTRACTION WEDNESDAY II ADDED ATTRACTION THURSDAYLARRY SEMON in "Solid Concrete"AND TOPICS OF THESUNSHINE COMEDY'SCHOOLHOUSE SCANDAL"AND VOD-A-VIL MCV.cjBENNYAnnpn attr a ptioToday and Tomorrow ff AY LAPATSY"A RubeFrolic"Townmm ninrnwrmiir nTmmr3Gmmamimmmm miinlw iwri rm n fci wn rwigfii -niirnia inn inMILLERSBURGSlater is among theM. Brown is amongAllen continues toShanks continuestoElder V.sick.Mr. "Wjm.the sick.Mr. S. M-grow weaker.Mrs. ClaraLhout the same.Mr. J. T. Judy is confinedhis home with typhoid fever.Mrs J. C. Leer returned Fridayafter a three-weeks' sojourn attJraham Springs.Misses Burnice and DorothyBornar are visiting Mrs. JosephToadvine, at Toledo, 0.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer,Jr., left Friday for a two-weeks' sojourn at Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. T. H. Thqmpson, of NewYork City, was the guest of relatives here during the past week.Mrs. Ben Wood and daughter.Miss Hattie Wood, are visitingfriends and relatives in Mason-county.Mis. Frank Kerr and Mrs.bomas Wilson and children, ofGarland'sville, Mire., are visitingrelatives here.Mirc Mary Eichordson andniece, Miss Bev.veli, of Lexington,are guests of Mrs. Charles B. Layson, in this city.Mrs. Miller a,nd daughter. Miss"Elizabeth Miller, are spending a fevdavs with the Kentucky colonyLake Chautauqua, New York.Mrs. K. B. Hutc-hings left Sunday for her home at Lexington, after a several weeks' visit to her sisters, Mrs. T. D. Judy and MissMary Taylor.MATRIMONIAL.Mrs. T. J. Hensan, of Gadrena,Georgia, is visiting her mother, Mrs.TMrs. W. J. Slater. Mrs. Slater alsohas as guest her mother, Mrs. MaryL. Wood, of Nashville, Tenn.Rev. and Mrs. C. 0. Cossab'oomand son, Ewing, who have beenguests of friends and relatives inthis city fcr several days, are nowt visiting friends in Morgan, Ky.HARTWELL MILLER.Mr. Bruce Miller, editor andproprietor of the Kentuckian-Citi-zen,of this city, and Miss MarthaHartwell, of Cincinnati, were married last night at the home of thebride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeW. Hartwell, at Amelia, Ohio. Onlyt-he immediate members of the family were present to witness the ceremony, which was performed by thepastor of the Amelia Baptist church,of which the bride is a member.The bride was lovely in a handsome wedding gown of white satin,with veil and train, and carried abouquet of lillies of the valley. Theonly attendant was her sister, Mrs.May Boehm, also attired in whitesatin, and carrying a bouquet ofroses. The bride was given in marriage by her father, Mr. George W.HartwellImmediately after the ceremony.Mr. and Mrs. Miller left for a tenJays' bridal trip to New York,Washington, Philadelphia, AtlanticCity, and other points of interest in Jthe East. Before returning theywill visit the groom's sister, Mrs.Allie Miller Preston, and other relative? in Ashland, Ky.Mr. Miller first met his bridewhile while on a business trip toCincinnati, about eight years ago,being introduced by a mutualntlfiiend. The acquaintance thusformed ripened into love and themarriage last night was the culmination of their courtship. The brideis a most charming and attractiveyoung woman, one whose lovelytraits of character have endearedher to a host of friends. She hasbeen for several years private secretary to one of the officials of theJohn Shillito Co., in Cincinnati,where she was highly esteemed forher social and business qualities.Mr. Miller is a jmember of one ofBourbon county's oldest families,and has for years been, editor of theParis Kentuckian-Citizen, one ofthp oldest papers in the West. Hewas associated in the managementKansas City, Mo., were married Saturday afternoon at the home of thebride's sister, Mrs. Newton Tayloi,in Lexington, Rev. Mark Collis performing the ceremony. The onlywitnesses were Mr. and Mrs. TaylorOUR LOCAL MERCHANTS. CLERKS ARE COURTEOUSSome Paris people wensea 10 Know, grave as an excuse n-r.-tit,. o Tvrve rrQ,ri wiiir-con buying goods away from home, tnaraiJU 1U1 U1JU 1UXJ 1 VTIO THU,V10UUf , IV. vmrP 3 4- Athe latter also a sister of the bride, j "" " 1BUBU uu 8" .lo some PiacfcThe bride wore a tailored suit of w, .. .1 rBTZ not K"?wn Peraon-auy, &u Limi iney coiua sun outAKD J town in all Central Kentucky where Ithere is as much courtesy shown asthere is in Paris. Our mercnants 'and their employes take specialknow, or pride in their readiness to showgoods, and most certainly show ablue tricolette with hat to matohand a corsage bouquet of pink rosebuds. After the ceremony the brideand bridegroom left for a trip of twomonths to Kansas City and Denver.Colorado.The bride is a charming and accomplished woman, who was a frequent guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. Taylor, when they resided ontheir farm near Paris. She is anaunt of Mrs. Julian Frank, of nearParis. Mr. Yancey is a member of aprominent Kentucky family and' has"been engaged in business in KansasCity for several yeais.oDEATHS.Sea Serpents Numerous.There are plenty of sea serpents,and of all snakes they are the mostvenomous. In tropical waters they arevastly numerous, especially in the In-wonderful good nature and Infinite dln ocean, where they are often seenpatience in dealing with the whims I literally by hundreds, swimming at thaof many-sided customers. They don't surface of the water. They are six" lias resigned his connection with the"-coal business of M. D. Royse, in that-city and will after August 15 beassociated in the coal and feed business in Millersburg with D. E.'Clarke. ,George Chinn, Jr., who starredon the football eleven at the Millersburg Military Institute last year,will be at Center College this falltrying for a place on the Colonel'steam. The Danville squad will trainjtt Munday's Landing.onil oiHrintr rf nPTTTT" 'MTT'.WQ fnr spv.Frank Hensley, of Winchester , al and is a cousin of theeditor of THE NEWS, Mr. SwiftChamp. At the death of Col. JohnG. Craddock, Mr. Miller purchasedthe business and good will of the-Kentuckian-Citizen, which he hasSuccessfully conducted since.In common with the manyfriends of the groom THE NEWSwishes him and his winsome bridelo-ng life and happiness. The goodwishes and congratulations of theirParis friends and relatives were received just preceding their departure on the honeymoon trip.The following announcementshave been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Hartwell announce the jmarriage of their daughter, Martha, to Mr. William BruceMiller, on Monday, August thehundredSHROUT.Virginia Ruth Shrout, agedtv. o years, died Saturday night, after a short illness, at the ho,me ofher parents. Mr. and Mrs. AvoryShrout, on Parrish avenue. The bodywas taken to Carlisle, where the interment took place in the CarlisleCemetery yesterday morning, withservices conducted at the grave byRev. W. E. Croucfr, pastor Qf theCarlisle Christian church.toauj' il iimy man t want to maKe apurchase.Many years ago, even in Paris, aswe have, noted merchants and clerkswould sometimes get very jmadif prospective customers and snoppers didn't buy. But the modernmerchant has long ago gotten awayfrom that disagreeable trait. If theycan't sell an article, they are anxious to be particularly pome, othat the customer will at least leavel-lie store with a good feeling and adisposition to come again.It would be a hard jnratter, according to our view, to find a city orwant any customer to feel that neor she must make a purchase, Ifthey are not satisfied with the gooasand if the prices are not right."The Mule."Feing told to write a brief essay on"The Mule," Howard turned Into histeacher the following effort: "Themewl is a hardier bird than the guseor the turkie. It has two legs to walkwith, two more to kick with, andwears its wings on the side of its head.It is stubbornly backward about coming forward."to eight feet long, very fierce and willcommonly attack human beings. Theirbodies are flat, and almost wholly filledby the lungs.oHistory of the Pistol.Pistols' were Invented at Pistoji,Italy, and were first used by Englishcavalrymen in 1544.oBy Another Name.Under the name of "Sicilian oil," petroleum was burned in lamps in RomeIn the days of Pliny.fHARRIS.aShoes atear1 1 tl sMrs. Ida Mae Han is, agedeighteen, wife of Vincent Harris jdied at her home near Winchester, .last week. The body was broughtto Winchester for interment m theWinchester Cemetery. Besides herhusband, Mrs. Harris is survivedby a daughter, seven months old,her parents, Mr. and Mrs. WilliamWalden, six brothers and five sisteis, one of whom, Mrs. Dora Clarke,resides near North Middle town, inthis county..&Z K5EJSBJfF't 1 "W"vfiaBJ $? wSEvJvrf'ONxfordsLOONEY.Millersburg was visited by anelectric storm Saturday afternoon,which did considerable damage. Thehome of Miss Lannie N. Layson wasstruck by lightning. However, thednTnaire was not serious, burningonlv a small hole in 'the roof. A i ninth, c-ne thousand ninenumber of telephones were put out j and twenty, Amelia, Ohio."of commission, and several electric!light fuses Jjurned out. The rain- MUIR YANCEY.fall was heavy, with but little Mrs. Kirby Harp Muir, of Lex-ind ington, and Mr. S. B. Yancey, ofMr. A. L. Boatright, choristerof the Paiis Christian church, received a telegram yesterday fromLamar, Mo., announcing the suddendeath there Sunday night of hismother, Mrs. E. A. Looney. Mr.Boatright left yesterday afternoon,for Lamar to attend the funeral anoburial.Mrs. Looney was a woman of excellent Christian character, andwas greatly beloved by a large circle of friends. She was a devotedmember of her church and took aleading part in all its works.Beiides her son, Mr. A. L. Boatrightshe is survived by two brothers,both residing in Lamar. The sympathy of the community goes out tothe son in his great bereavement.WINS BIG PRIZEAT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES FOR IMMEDIATE DISPOSALBuy NOW at this sale! We areoffering the greatest and best shoevalues you have seen this year. Remember our entire stock of Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear goes inthis sale regardless of cost.Just a Few of the Many Wonderful Shoe Bargainsteki0Hvwf wPatiePhonographsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !nnrc mat iacad DrrAnnc i kksbW i iibnit IUVW11IW ,M.E.PRUITT5MiiIersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for HospU&Ss.Miss Helen Cain, daughter ofJohn P. Cain, of Pans, was the successful contestant for the prize of?20 in gold for the one disposing ofthe graatest number of tickets for!ho Knights of Columbus picnic heldhere last week. Miss Cain donatedher prize to the fund being raisedfor the purchase of a new organ forthe Church of the Annunciation inthis city.oTeaching Music to the Young.Children are now taking in the musical work in the Roman choirs asearly as seven years of age, says awriter in the Etude in discussing theimportance of early training in musicfor church purposes. They are notmerely taught in the music they are tosing, but are given a very thoroughdrill in solfeggio, and, when necessary,at the proper time in harmony and iamusic in general. XEXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.00 GRADES (Q AJCLReduced to Pi9b iBeautiful Glazed Kid Pumps, in high andlow heel; English Lace Oxfords and Pumpsin low heels, only $3.45.EXTRA SATURDAY SPECIAL$6.50-$7.00 GRADES 0 AgReduced to 39h9Newest Styles Pumps and Oxfords, allleathers; most desirable styles; high and lowheels, only $3.95.5.00 Ladies' Low Heel PumpsNow at $2.99Ladies' $2.50 Canvas English OxfordsSale Price $1.85Lot of Children's $1.50 and $2.00 SlippersOn Sale at $1.00See Bargain Counters 1$8.00 to $9.00 GradesReduced to$4.9Brown English Oxfords, Soft Kid Oxfordsand Pumps, onlySpecial Price on Suede PumpsS5.95Regula price $14.00,now.Greatest Values Ever Offered in Men's Shoes andOxfords.itXSMr 3 m mParis' Greatest Shos StoreCQHWhere Beauty and Economy Reign$y"fc.:."! -4&SLJit 'VT At -.