vrV."V- it s'I , ,'--X-fc ri"Jfi-t;-3tX.rx!fcTHE--- ,:NEWS-- r wPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1920BOURBONREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSH. Li. Mitchell & Son sold yesterday to M. J. Lavin & Son, a houseand lot on Eighth street, to FloydRankin, for $650.James Daugherty purchased thisweok of Jake Elvove a one-storyframe rent cottage, located on Virginia avenue, in the BourbonHeights Addition, at a private price.Mis. Susan Meglone purchased ofHarris, Speakes & Harris, at private.sa: Tuesday, a two-story franifehouse located on South Pleasantstreet, near Twelfth, at a price netmade public."hp mihlta snip, nf iVip ijtap nipn:of property belonging to Mrs. IvaPerry Davis, of Covington, formerlyof Paris, was conducted yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, by the realestate firm of Harris, Speakes &.Harris. The property on Main streetoccupied as a pool room by JamesMacon, and the two-story frameident-e on Pleasant street, occupiedby Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Morris, wereoffered as a whole. After being bidup to $9,500, the property was with-drawn. The two-story frame resi- aaupmer 01 o. r,. uonanu, oi rauo,dence on High street, adjoining the I and is a very handsome and attractTraction Co.'s station, and occupied ! ive young woman, with a large cir-1 Mr. and Mrs. Hensel Margolen,was sold to Mr. Margolen for ? 4,9 00.oD. A. R. MEETING..Reports of the recent meeting at jwasnmgion or ine iaiionai uon-mention of the Daughters of theAmerican Revolution will be rpadby Mrs. Henry S. Caywood at theApril meeting of Jemima Johnson.Chapter, D. A. R., to be held tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock,at the home of Mrs. William "Myall.Following this each member of theChapter will be called on for newsof interest from the Congress. Mrs.Caywood was one of the delegates totne Continental Congress held atWashington, and her report of thesalient features of that meeting willmake part of an interesting program. oTO INVESTIGATE DECLINE INLOOSE LEAF TOBACCO PRICESAn investigation into the conditions which have brought about the"recent decline in the looseleaf tobacco prices in Kentucky is beintinought by Congressman William J.Fields, of the Ninth Kentucky District. Mr. Fields introduced in theHouse a resolution demanding an investigation by the federal TradeCommission into the facts connectedwith alleged violation of the antitrust act and its connection withthe decline in tobacco prices.Congiessman Fields expects to getx Learing on the resolution to-day.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSReductionsinCoatsandSuitsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS .Y. M. C. A. AWARDS SERVICEMEN SCHOLARSHIP.At a meeting Wednesday afternoon tlie Bourbon Y. M. C. A. Educational Service Committee awardedthe following free scholarship's: Iniha United Y. M. C. A. Schools,Rene H. Clark, Highway Engineering; Walter C. Woertz, Accounting,in the Fugazzi Business College;Marion C. Thomas, complete business Couise.The committee will meet at regular intervals and act upon any ad-ditional scholarships applications received, scholarships are good atany lecognized school of good standand are open to all ex-service men.W. 0. Ilin ton, Lee Kirkpatrick, Y.H. Harrison, Carl Bratton and HayOsden comprise the local committee.BORELAND COOPER. Tli'e marriage of Miss MinnieBoreland, of Paris, to Mr. DavidSpears 'Cooper, of Danville, was solemnized Wednesday afternoon atthree o'clock, at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,in this city. Only members of thebride's family and a few intimatefriends witnessed .the ceremony.res-JAfter the ceremony Mr. and MrsCooper left for a short bridal tripand on iheir leturn they will resideat the home of the groom, nearDanville. The bride is the adoptedc!e of friends in this city. Thegroom is a prosperous young farmer. PHYSICAL EDUCATION MANUALTO BE ISSUED.The official bulletin in regard tothe new physical education law hasbeen issued and will be followedshortly by a manual containing preliminary couises in physical education. The course will be tentativeand -will be used chiefly for experimentation and criticism.Fifteen States, including Kentucky, have already passed lawsmaking 'physical education a part ofthe school course.In brief, the law provides for acourse of physical education In allof tfie schols of the State; for ananual setting forth the course tobo. prepared by the State Board ofHealth, and that at least thirty minutes each school day must be devoted to instruction and training inhealth and sefety, to physical exercises and to recess play under propersupervision.. . oSEWER IMPROVEMENTS ORDERED. A sewer, to cost practically $2,000, was ordered at a called meeting of the Paris City Council, to belaid for a distance of eight hundredfeet, on Scott Avenue, and on outMaysville street. An ordinance tothat effect was adopted by the Council. -'.GUARANTORS OP CHAUTAUQUAHOLD HRST MEETING. -Although the Redpath Chautauqua program will not be staged inthis city until in July the guarantors are taking time by the forelock, and are already planning forthe meeting of this popular Chautauqua attraction, pronounced thebest in the business.The initial meeting of the guarantors-washeld in this city Tuesdayafternoon, with a goo4d attendance.Considerable business x was transacted, and from the interest manifested it may safely be said tha.t thepromo tors are imbued with the belief that the 1920 Chautauqua willbe "a hummer" for Paris.At this meeting Clarence K.Thomas, cashier of the Deposit andPeoples' Bank & Trust Co., was selected tieasurer, and J. Will Thomassecretary. The latter was alsoplaced in charge of the distributionand sale of season tickets, the details of which will be worked outlater in the season. The followingweie appointed an Executive Committee to have general charge ofthe business matters for the engagement: A. S.. Thompson, chairman; Chas. Green, M. J. Lavin, Rev.Ellis, Robt. Meteer, Harry Kerslake, Pearce Paton, Dr. J. T. Vansant, Wm. O. Hinton, Judge GeorgeBatterton and J. Will Thomas. Theministers of the Paris churches wereappointed as a Courtesies Committee, as follows: Rev. W. E. EllLs,of the Christian church; Rev. S. T.Smylie, of the Presbyterian church;Rev. C. H. Greer, of the Methodistchurch; Rev. Father Thos. H. Coleman, of the Catholic chuich; Rev.Arthur Fox, of the Baptist church,and Rev. 'Walter Cain, of the Episcopal church.A letter was read fiom the Redpath 'Chautauqua managers, statingthat they would bring to the Parisengagement, which will probably begin on July 8, on- of the best programs they have ever presented anywhere in the State. The Redpathpeople will have entire charge of thegrounds, and the program, givingtheir guarantee that everything thehave anything to do with will be ofthe very highest class, and that theywill do all in their power to givethe people of Bourbon county afirst-class list of attractions.LIGHTNING EIRES BARN; EIREDESTROYS HOME.A. stock barn on the farm of Mr.and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt, on theJackstovn pike, near Miller&buig,was struck by lightning during thestorm Monday, the resulting flamesdestroying the building. Twohoises, a pony and calf, a largequantity of corn and other feed anda lot of harness, belonging to EllisBaldwin, residing on the farm, andtwo horses, a mule and a calf belonging to Mrs. Dimmitt, wereburned m the fiie.The property loss is estimated at?4,500, said to have been unprotected by insurance, save for 5500carried on the barn by Mrs. Dimmitt. A brick cottage on the farm ofClaude Redmon, on the RuddlesMills pike, near Paris, occupied byArthur Crooks, was destroyed byfire of unknown origin. Crookslost all his household goods andclothing. He had just started toParis to get a supply of matcheswhen the fire broke out. Therewas no insurance on the building orits contents.: oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSR'ain, high winds and hail haveplayed havoc with the spring effortsof Bourbon county farmers in thepast few days. Plowed ground hasbeen badly w ashed by the heavywaters, resulting from an almostrecord-breaking rain. Tobacco!plant beds have been hard hit, manyhaving been so located that theywere badly damaged by the washouts. It is highly probable that thodestruction of plants will be i effected in a reduced acreage for the 1929crop. Farmers are away behind intheir work, and in addition to thehandicap imposed by the unfavorable weather conditions, there is ashortage of farm labor, which is ad-ding "to their troubles. Small grainswere damaged considerably by therains, but in general the pasturelands and the grain fields are looking fairly well. Practically no damage seems to have resulted to thefruit frees by the freezes of the lastthree weeks.oPROMPT INSURANCEMENT.SETTLE-The sum of $2,031.08, in settlement of claims under a policy onthe life of the late A. W. Overton,of Franklin, was paid over recentlyto his widow, Mrs. Laura E. Overton, by Roy F. Clendemn, ofParis,Associate General Agent for theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany.oIN SECOND PLACE. .In the Marathon Club Concest,being waged by a large number ofaguits for the Northwestern LifeInsurance Company throughout theUnited States, Roy F. Clendenin, ofParis, Associate wenerai A-ge-nt,has forged to the front from thirdplace, and is now .in' second place,PARIS NEEDS AN "ANTI-SPITTING CRUSADE."The city authorities of Paris Pursuant to order of the Demoshould at once institute a new cm- cratic State Central nnd Tnnnfiade against spitting on the side-waiks. Warning signs should again tucky, notice is given that a Demhe posted on all sides where they oeratic mass meeting will be held atcouia plainly be seen. The posterswoum serve to advertise the factthat it is wrong to spit on the sidewalks and would do more to educatethe public tha-n the few arrests thatpossibly be made.It is pretty difficult to. look at a'Don't Spit On the Sidewalks" sign,and then violate the solemn warning. There is but one excuse for aman who spits on the sidewalks, inthe cars, on the floors, and that isthat he does not know any better.When public sentiment speaks tohim on every side, and at everyturn, from posters printed in typewhich he cannot fail to see, he isshorn of his only excuse, and shouldbe handled as any other criminal.Men need to learn that they haveno more right, knowingly, to takethe lives of innocent people byspreading disease germs than theyhave to kill them in any other way.It would seem that enough hasbeen said by public speakers and thepress foi any man to know better;n v" I T';:: ",,,'1 nnn ir c?tv fr -irh ir.rk Orf-Tl a rmpelled to come in contact with hisfilth, yet the pracfice is common.Take the trouble to investigate thisstatement in some public place, andsee if we are right about it. It isviolated at the moving picturehouses every night. We know thisto be a fact. It will always be sountil men learn better. Men spiton car floors and the floors of- restaurants even when cuspidors are infront of them. They stand in groupson tl?e streets and spit on the sidewalks. We have even heard of themgoing to church and spitting on thecostly carpets in the church pews.No, there are not many who arenot educated to the dangers resulting from careless spitting in public. Educate them by woids, ifpossible, if not, teach then the leuson in the way oiher criminals arataught. We are sure this will meetwith the approval of the women,the physicans and the Health Boardof the city of Paris.oWOOL WANTED.We are in the market forwool and will pay the highestmarket price. Call at our officefor sacks and twins.r R. B. HUTCHCRAFT CO.(ai.r30-tf)PICTURE PROGRAM AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, April 30. Wm.Desmond, in "The Blue Bandana;"Jack Dempsey, in "Daredevil Jack;"Snub Pollard comedy, "Raise TheRent."To-moiiow, Saturday, May 1Robert Warwick, in "An AdventureIn Hearts;" Harold Lloyd, in"Bumping Into Broadway."Monday, May 3 Mary Miles Minter, in "Nuise Marjorie;" MackSennett comedy, "His Last FalseStep;" Pathe Review.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoon and evening.1 0LOOK AT YOUR TAX RECEIPTWe hope that every taxpayer inour county will look at his tax receipt before he votes this fall. Thiswill give him the very best idea ofthe "economy" which the MorrowAdministration is practicing.Morrow and the Republican tickecwere elected because the people tookthem at their word that expenditureswould be cut, and useless officesabolished. Instead, taxes have beenraised enormously, and the pledgeto abolish useless offices eitherevaded or deliberately violated.We do not believe that our cizizens will be very anxious to continue voting the Republican tickelwhen they see their receipt, in theface of a solemn promise of stricteconomy.-oFEAR FOR PLANTS ON ACCOUNTOE WEATHERBourbon county growers of tohnr.co are aimrehensive of resultsj of the continued rain and coldweatner on looaucu pi"- j.wclaim the plants are not taking rootproperly, and 'many express the belief that if there is a continuanceof the weather, it will have a seriouseffect on the new crop. The planting did not take place until late andthis, too, adds to the tardiness of theplants in developing.-KTRW AUTO OWNERS.The American Motor Co., of Lexington, reports the sale of a 2-tonBethlehem truck to the XalapaFarm, near Paris, the tnird of thekind bought for this farm. A remarkable coincidence is that just asthe new truck was passing over thEat Paris bridge en route to theXalapa Farm, at noon Friday aportion of the old truck which waswashed aw.ay during the recentflood, passed under the bridge andlodged a short distance away.Wm. Phillips, of Lexington, rereports the sale of a Franklin touring car to Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshall, of Pans."Another roason why a boy" hatesI tta go to school is-because he thinkswheat ha doesn't know won't -hurtCALL ISSUED E0R DEMOCKATICCONVENTIONCommittees for the State of Ken-tne court house in Paris, Bourboncounty, Kentucky, on Saturday, May1, 1920, at 2:00 o'clock, p. m., toselect delegates to represent Bourbon county at the Democratic StateConvention to be held in the city ofLouisville on May 4, 1920. At themeeting delegates to the National Convention will be selectNational Convention will be selected, members of the State Central andExecutive Committees chosen,, andby-la-ws, rules and regulations forthe government of the Democraticparty adopted. All Democrats ofthe city and county are earnestlyrequested to attend and participate.Indies are extended a special invitation to be present and take part inthe proceedings.W. D. McINTYRE,Chairman Democratic Committee.PARIS EOURTH INV TOBACCOMARKETS RECORD.With n tntnl nf 13 189 OQK nri !?.....som urinS the past season, whichbrought an average of $44.21, thetobacco markets of Faris rank fourthin the number of pounds sold in themarkets of the State. These figuresare shown in a recently-issued statement from the department of statis-( tics.Lexington led the market with3,611,280 pounds for an average of$46.10. Maysville came second on,the list with a total of 21,036,125pounds, for an average of $23.95;Shelby ville, third with a total of14,099,905 pounds sold, for an average of ?29.80.ARM BROKEN.A broken arm was sustainedWednesday by Mail Carrier RobertKennedy, on Route 2, out of theParis office, while cranking his auto.The injury will put Mr. Kennedyout of business for several weeks.During that time the patrons ofRoute 2 will be served by RaymondWilson, who was designated andsworn, in as substitute carrier byPostmaster J. Walter Payne.APPOINTED DENTAL EXAMINER;Dr. J. H. Comer, of Paris, has re-ceived official notice of his ap -1pointment by the Treasury Depart-ment at Washington, as Dental Ex- The" resolution declared that "notaminer of the U. S. Health Service, ! only half a million negroes in thefor the returned soldiers of Bourbon South, who would probably receivecounty. If there are any ex-service $500 or $600 each, would immedisailorsor soldiers in the county 'ately quit work until the money waswho desire to take advantage of spent," out predicted there would bethis opportunity they can do so by generally "an orgy of spending"calling on Dr. Comer at his office in that labor would be disorganizedthe First National Bank building. an& production decreased.WE KNOW HOWIt is When Among MenThat You Feel the Necessity ofBeing Well DressedOne rule for success mightbe written in these words.Meet men cheerfukbut earnestly, in a frank and honestmanner. You have entire decision as to what kind of impression you will leave while minglingwith other men.The clothes you wear are avery important factor. If theyare tailored right they have thatindividuality, that smartness, thatmake you look as you want tolook.And at this store you willfind such smart clothes that arenot too extreme, but genuinelystylish. 100 quality and values. mM TjL'jfejNettleton Shoes 22Stetson HatsMITCHELL &OUTFITTERS JO MENIIRELIGIOUS.The regular monthly meetingof the Womens' Society of the Methodist church will be held in thechurch parlors on next Tuesday afternoon, May 4, at 2:30 o'clock. A'full attendance is requested.Rev. W. E. Ellis will preach.an anniversary ( sermon Sundaymorning at 10:45 o'clock, as this isthe beginning of the ninth year ofhis ministry at the Paris Christianchurch. The public is most cordially invited to hear his . message,and a large audience is expected, ashis work in the past eight years hasbeen very commendable, and of greatinterest and benefit to the churchrand the community. At the eveningservice the choir will give theirregular song service at' 7: 30 o'clock,as this is the usual custom on thefirst Sunday of each month TheSunday school is making a specialeffort to have as many present aspossible, as this is known as "Go-To-Sunday-School-Day."If you havenot been invited, come anyway, andbring some one with you. Classeswill begin at the regular hour,9:30 a. m.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH tThe Presbyterian church isplanning to- have every member ofthe congregation present for asmany of the services Sunday as possible. It is the last Sunday of the -Campaignfor a model church attendance, and every -one who is interested in the church is urged tomake plans and to make an effort tobe present. The church wants tosee what it looks like when all of itsmembers are together. The SundaySchool at 9:30 aims to have 200present for its rally day. The 11 a.m. service will be devoted to thethe quarterly Communion Service.The subject at 7:30 p. m. will be"Profits, Profiteers and Prophets."The pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie, willconduct both services. A cordial wel-icome to all.U. S. CHAMBER COMMERCE OPPOSES SOLDIER BONUSThe United Sfates Chamber of Commerce would go on record as opposedto the granting of a boniis to soldierswho served in the World War byadoption of a resolution submittedfor action by the resolution commit-tee at the initial session of its eighthannual convention at Atlantic City.3tBLAKEMOREf -v 1 1h i"S"VEi-jfif v U j5-il' ; iA - i it ,;j l.nHUlfi Ia.S'5 'r 1-4 'wM'-", illJ8jfA yi h; ,?, fi4j.M ft.i "m-7 v-rPvt at"'Lj J. j. - '? yt". . V Si-Swv v-A $tlf-.: j,r, . v- t$.i r.j"- 'wrf tiirv ; it sSlfl'3? mi. TOLsnd sroms: stronff in tne race. . itronghim.PI?K1i-t-fti-t.!V.iroLi";-C ' - "hV,' jf-l-Vi ,w5,j!T 5jV',fcJE:v TrV ' w nfT'1.,l!."ifv ".f ,V'PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APHTE 3(k 152. "rv.'P'.K'hK&S2?tWfI .f;.tt?f,Tr.W5sr'r,v.r. -Auto Repair ShopISres and Tubes repaired. ReMiiiiig. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.at2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Hudnall's Taxi Co.WSB. Hun Two Cars Daily Exceptftmday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.... .ii n it nniitininiimiiii1t1 &4S. 0. s.If Constipated, Biliousor Headachy, take"Cascarets"."""""CCAR NO. 1.iteves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40Arrive in Carlisle 12:202ve Central Hotel 12:25iexve Feeback Hotel ...12:25JLrcive Millersburg .... 1:00Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30CAR NO. 2.Xfcaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15Arrive Millersburg 12:45Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55Arrive Windsor Hotel .. 2:25Both Phones 204.a.m.a.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.nip.m. p.m.p.m.p.m.Sick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, or sour, gassy stomach always trace this to torpid liver; delayed, fermenting food in the bowels. Poisonous matter clogged in theintestines, instead of being cast outof the system is re-absorbed intoblood. When this poison reachesthe delicate brain tissue it causescongestion and that dull, throbbing,sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigested food and foul gases, takeexcess bile from the liver and carryout all the constipated waste matter and poisons in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will surelystraighten you out by morning.They work while you sleep, (adv)20 HeadmJPHT jk k JSHFor SalesaleEarlyChoice tomato plants forPonderosa, Stone, Chalk'sJewel, Acme and Earliana. Allplants in season. One and one-halfblocks from car line.JOS. LAVIN,(23-4t) 332 W. Eighth St.For SalePianos, Player Pianos and Talking Machines high grade instruments at low prices,used Sterling Pianotion. Just receivedlatest music rolls,specialty of tuningof all kinds.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(9-tf)We also havein good condi-shipment ofWe make aand repairingWantedExeprienced engineer byTHE PARIS WATER CO.(23-tf)20HeadAT PRIVATE SALE4 APRIL 27th, 1920Will have in the basement of the Citizens Garage, on Second Street, Paris, Kentucky,20 Head of Draft and General PurposeMares and Geldings and 5 ExtraGood Shetland PoniesThis is a good lot of horses and will be there from April27th to May 3rd. Remember these horses are bovght worth themoney and will be sold worth the money.Ail stock guaranteed as represented. Written guarantee ifpreferred.Your patronage solicited.IN. R. PARKS2t Phone, Cumb. 919U jgf f gBfgEBlf-gg-gggggr;:.5-iJ3;gglglllglllJiUMliMSpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for.LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399(till July 1)PARIS, KENTUCKY- ,---;&-:WJh'-l-lUSASMJi.MlSAHMiEHfThe Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseElectric Irons, ChafingDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEMILT- w.HALLHERESPICEMAIN STREETOPP-seeLURT HOUSEKts.-s,,-v gJgSSZOAdministrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Mrs. E. P.Spears are hereby requested to present them properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministratois, for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe late Mrs. E. F. Spears, are herebyrequested to call on the undersignedAdministrators, and make promptand full settlement of such indebtedness. WOODFORD SPEARS,CATESBY SPEARS,Administrators of Mrs. E. F. Spears,deceased.(23apr-3wks)License Ordinance City of Paris, Ky.May 1, 1920, to April 30, 1921BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Kentucky, that license be and are hereby imposed and required for exercising the certain privileges and engaging in certain occupations,business and professions for the year beginning May 1, 1920, andending April 30, 1921, and providing penalties for violation thereof.A.FOR OPERATING OR CONDUCTINGAgricultural Implement business, per year $25.00Auctioneer, following the calling, per year 25.00Auction House, per day ' 25.00Ambulance, per year 25.00Automobile, private use, per year 5.00Automobile Garage, selling automobile supplies, repairs and hire,per year , 50.00Automobiles, selling or conducting Automobile Sales Agency 100.00Automobile, operating as transient agent for sale, per year 100.00Automobile Supplies, business for sale, per year 25.00Automobile Truck, IY2 ton to 2Y2 ton, per year 15.00Automobile Truck 3 to 5 ton, per year 25.00Automobile Truck under 1 ton, peryear 10.00B.FOR OPERATING OR CONDUCTINGBowling Alley, per year 35.00Bank $1.00 for each $1,000.00 of Capital StockBlue Grass and Field Seed business, per year 50.00Butcher Shop, per year 25.00Butcher Shop, per month 10.00Billiard or Pool Table, for each table 50.00Bill-poster, business of, per year 25.00Bakery, per year 25.00Broom Factory, per year 20.00Barber Shop, per chair, per year 5.00Blacksmith Shop, per year 25.00Books and Stationery, a store for the sale of, per year 10.00c.FOR CONDUCTING, OPERATING OR SELLINGCreamery Depot, per year 100.00Coal Dealer, business of, per year 50.00Candy Factory, per year 50.00Circus or Menagerie, per day ' 100.00Cigarettes, per year 50.00Carriage, Buggy or Auto Paint Shop, per year 10.00Cleaning or Dyeing Clothing, the business of, per year 10.00Chiropratic, practicing the profession of, each person, per year 35.00Chickens, Game, Butter, Eggs or other County Produce not the product the person,, peddling, for each person so engaged, peryear 5.00Clothing and Gent's Furnishings, a store for the sale of, per year 50.00Clothing and Shoes combined, a store for the sale of, per year 75.00D.FOR CONDUCTINGDance Hall, per year 50.00Dance, where subscriptions or pay admission is charged, per night 10.00Dentistry, practicing the profession of, each person per year 35.00Dry Goods and Ladies Furnishings, a store for the sale of 50.00Drugs, a store for the sale of, per year 50.00E.FOR CONDUCTING 'Electric or Gas Company, the business of, per year :. 500.00F.FOR CONDUCTING OR OPERATINGFlorist, business of, per year 25.00Florist's Agent,. each person, per year 25.00Furniture House, the business of, per year 100.00Furniture Store, second-hand, per year 25.00Five Cent, 10c and 25c Articles, a store for the sale of, per year ,50.00Flour Mill, per year 125.00Fish, retail sale of, per year 5.00G.FOR SELLING, AND CONDUCTING IGroceries, a store for the sale of, retail, per year 25.00Gasoline by retail, peryear 10.00Groceries, a store for the sale of, whole sale 125.00Gasoline, Kerosene and Lubicating Oils by wholesale, per year 200.00H.FOR CONDUCTING OR PRACTICINGHemp Hackling, the business of, per year 25.00Hemp, buying or selling, per year 25.00Hotel, European or American plan, per year 50.00Hall for Public use, per year 10.00Hypnotism, Magnetic or Divine Healing, Faith Cure or Clairvoyancy,for reward or compensation, per day 50.00Hardware, Stoves, Tinware, a store for the sale of, per year 50.00Harness, a store for the sale of, per year . 35.00I.FOR CONDUCTINGInsurance Business, Industrial, each agent or Company, per year 50.00Ice, Manufacturing, per year 100.00Insurance Business, Old Life, each agent, or Company, per year 50.00Insurance Business, Fire, "each agent or Company, per year 25.00Insurance Business, Health or Casualty, each agent or Company, peryear 25.00Insurance Business, Plate Glass, each agent or Company, per year 15.00Insurance Business, Surety, or Bonding, each agent or Company, peryear 20.00Ice Cream, selling by wholesale, per year 25.00Ice Cream, selling by retail, per year 25.00Ice Cream Wagon, each, per year 25.00Ice Wagon, each, per year J. 10.00J. ,FOR CONDUCTINGJewelry, a store for the sale of, per year "I j. 50.00Junk-dealer, the business of, per year 75.00LFOR OPERATINGLivery or Transfer business:Each two-horse passenger vehicle, per year 10.00Each one-horse passenger vehicle, per year 5.00Each one-horse transfer wagon or dray, per yeart 5.00Each one-horse transfer wagon, dray or cart, per year 5.00Each automobile, seating capacity four persons, per year 10.00Each automobile, seating capacity five persons, and not morethan seven persons, per year 15.00Each automobile or auto bus, seating capacity seven- or ,moret ' V ' . . "- "pernos, per year w , 25.00Laundry, by steam per year.; 25.00Laundry Agencjr, each agent, per year 25.00Lumber Yard, per year 100.00"Lunch Stand, per year 25.00-Lunch Wagon, per year 25.00-Lunches', hot on the streets, per year 5.00Law, practicing the profession of Law, per year: 35.00Live Stock, buying and selling, per year 10.00M.fFOR OPERATINGMedicines, manufacturing and sale of, per year 25.00Motion Picture House, each, when admission does not exceed tencents, per year 100.00When admission exceeds ten cents but does not exceed 15 cents, peryear 250.00When admission exceeds ten cents but does not exceed 20 cents, peryear 500.00When admission exceeds 20 cents but does not exceed 30 cents, peryear , 750,00When more than 30 cents admission is charged, per year 1500.00Monumental or Marble Works, per year 25.00Monuments, agent or representative for sale of Markers or othercemetery work, per year , 25.00Mill, planing, per year 75.00Medicine, practicing the profession of, per year, each person 35.00Millinery, a store for the sale of, per year 25.00Musical Instruments other than Piano or Organs, per year 10.00N.Newspaper, Publishing, per year r 25.000.FOR CONDUCTINGOpera House, each, per year 120.00Osteopathy, each person, per year 1 35.00Oculist or Optometrist, practicing the profession of each person, per(year 35.00P.FOR CONDUCTINGPawn Shop or Loan Office, per year 200.00Plumbing, Gas or Electric Fitting Heating, per year 50.00Phonographs, selling, per year 25.00Pianos or Organs, soliciting the sale of or selling per year 25.00Paints, Oils, or Glass, a store for the sale of, per year 35.00Peddling Meat, per year 25.00Pedding Fruit, per year 50.00Peddling Fruit, per day 5.00Poultry or Egg Business, wholesale or retail, per year 25.00Peddling Chickens, Game, Butter or other Country Produce, not theproduct of the person peddling, for each person so engaged,per year 5.00Peddling or selling any articles or conducting any business forwhich license is not herein provided per day 10.00Photograph Gallery, per year 10.00Playing Cards or Dice, selling, per year : 5.00Printing, Job business, per year 25.00Peanut or Pop Corn Machine, per year 5.00R.agency, perper yearFOR CONDUCTINGyear , l 75.0035.00Real estateRestaurant,s.FOR CONDUCTINGStorage Warehouse, per year 10.00Shoes, store for the sale of, per yearj 25.00Sewing Machines, a store for the "sale of, or agency, per year 25.00Stable, Feed or Sale, per year 25.00Side Show, each, per day 10.00Sausage, retailing, per year 5.00Skating Rink, per year " 50.00Second-hand Goods, the sale of, per year 20.00Shooting Gallery, Merry-go-round or Doll Rack, each, per day $1.00,year 35.00Shop, Machine or Wagon, per-year 25.00Soda Fountain, for business of selling Soda Water, Ice Cream orSoft Drinks, containing 'no Alcohol, per year 25.00Stand, for sale of Soft Drinks containing any per cent of alcohol,per year 250.00Soft Drinks, on street containing no Alcohol, per day 1.00Shoe Repair Shop, per year 10.00Soliciting Subscriptions to any Newspaper or Periodical by offeringany premium or gift, or where solicitor is engaged in any contest for prizes, per day 5.00Stock, Oil or Investment, selling per year 50.00Stock Exchange, per year 100.00Stock Yards, for compensation, per year 25.00Soliciting Orders of Selling from samples Ladies' Gents' or Childrens'Clothing or Shoes, (to be made elsewhere than in Paris, Kentucky), per year 100.00Stable, Hitch or Feed, per year 5.00Soft Drinks, manufacturing, per year 50.00Soliciting Orders or Selling from samples Ladies' Gents' or Childrens' Clothing or Shoes, (to be made elsewhere than inParis, Kentucky) per week 25.00Same, per day 15.00Selling Goods, Wares or Merchandise of Any Kind in the City ofParis for periods less than twelve months, and without havingintended to good faith to conduct such business permanently,for each person, firm or corporation 200.00Any person, firm or corporation so conducting any such business for aperiod of less than twelve months shall be deemed 'to have conductedsuch business temporarily, and shall be liable to said license tax and subject to the penalty hereinafter imposed for doing business without license T.Telegraph Company, business, per year 25.00Tobacco Stemmery, per year 50.00Tobacco Warehouse for loose leaf sales, per year, per each 1,000 cuft. Floor space 7.50Tobacco Redrying plant, for each 1,000 lbs. redrying capacity perday 3.00Telephone Exchange, per year ' 50.00u.Undertaker or Embalmer, per year 100.00Upholstering or working over Furniture, per year 1 . 25.00V.Vulcanizer apart from garage, per year 10.00Veterinary, practicing the profession of, each person, per year 35.00FOR OPERATINGWater Company, per year 500.00Wall paper, a store for the sale of, per year, 10.00Each place of business conducted for the sale of soft drinks of anykind for which a license is required, shall be kept open without screen orblinds to full view from the 'street on which such place is situated, at alltimes" during business hours; provided, however, that no license shall begranted execept by the City Council, in regular session, for the sale ofsoft drinks containing alcohol, or for the operation of a Pool Room orDance Hall, or Restaurant, and provided, further,' that no license shallbe granted to sell any soft drinks containing any per cent, of alcohol, atany place in the City of Paris, except on Main Street, between SecondStreet and Tenth Street; and on Tenth Street between Main and theLouisville and Nashville Depot; and on Winchester Street between itsintersection with Tenth Street and Louisville & Nashville. Railroad.If any person shall operate or carry on any business, occupation,calling or profession, or do any act foor which a license is required bythis ordinance without first having obtained a license to do so, then suchperson shall be fined not less than One Dollar nor more than Fifty Dollarsfor each offense and each sale which may be made without such licenseshall constitute a separate offense.It shall be unlawful for any Billiard or Pool Room, or any place ofbusiness wherein soft drinks of any kind, containing any per cent, of alcohol, are sold by license, to be kept open or operated from April 30 toNovember 1 between the hours of 12 P. M. and 5 o'clock A. M. of thenex day, and from November 1 to April 30 between the hours of 11 P. M.and 5 A. M. of the next day, and if any person shaH so operate or keepopen such place of business between the hours above stated, such personshall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall be fined foreach offense not less than One Dollar, nor more than Fifty Dollars, foreach offense.The license tax herein provided for shall be required of each member of a firm where two or more persons are engaged as partners, in thepractice of the learned professions.E. B. JANUARY,Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk Mayor.cyH'-.l, s,-A ?V.:-A".;c''t f&,li,. x1 1,v". i.j"- 'A T, -'- '- -r. -5, Vv ' " "4 .? 'p FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKYTrnr ,wj"fcSbpivaraPCTft!XBXIWhatever Your Figurewhether slender, medium or stoutThere is a Parisian stylethat will improve yourlines and make yourgown fit more becomingly. Graduate corsetieresare at your service here.With expert skill, theyadjust corsets perfectly.Special ValuesSlout Model Extra heavycoutil, spoon steel, heavilyboned, elastic in qq caskirt, sizes 24 to 36 0'5UAverage Model Whitelight weight pekin stripe,also in pink bro- ftcade. Sizes 20to 28 OmAdd 15c for mail orders.If you can't shop here in person use our promptCorrespondence Service. Mail orders are givencareful attention.Send for New Style Folder It's Free'Parisian Corset Storecorner JRACEand OPERA PLACE CincinnatiOUT OF TOWN CHARGE ACCOUNTS SOLICITED" ' ak5?2100 ComfortIn A Table Beverag'eis supplied byTANTTUMA rich coflee-like flavorwith none of coffees harmful after-effects makesPosxyrc the ideal table-drink."Why riot use Postujml instead of coffee?'Iheres a Reason"Made by Postum Cereal Co. Battle Creek. Mich.iMMiiuuaiMiaXSXBXBXTHEMutual Life Insurance Co.of New York1Assets $673,714,293.83I Dividends to Policy Holders, 1919$22,407,417.00R. ML JOHNSONSpecial RepresentativeOffice with Paris Realty Co.MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYFurs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, Woo"Scrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also Poultry andL. lEggs. It will pay you to trade with us.STERIN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, KentuckyHE WAS ALMOSTFORGED TO QUITToledo Man Was Barely Able toWork, But Is In Splendid HealthSince Taking TanlacStatement after statement is nowbeing made about Tanlac, the medicine that is being discussed and distributed thioughout the UnitedStates and Canada and which is accomplishing so much good among allclasses.J. C. Richards, who has followedhis trade as plasterer and latherer inToledo for thirty-five years and liveiat 4 Hyde Place, in relating his experience with Tanlac a few daysago said:"I did not believe half they weresaying about Tanlac until my wifepersuaded me to try it, and now Idon't doubt anything good I read orhear about it. Why, this medicinehas lelieved me of a case of what Icall 'traveling rheumatism,' thathad gotten me to where I was hardlyable to work. At times it was agonyfor me to use my aims, then thepain would get into my legs, makingit difficult for me to walk. Besidesthe rheumatism my kidneys were inbad shape, and there was the worstsort of pain in the small of myback nearly all the time. For thepast year especially I was always sostilt ond achy in the mornings thatit was an effoi t for me to get out ofbed, and in the evenings after mywork I vould just come drugging inhome all played out and feeling miserable. At night I would just fallover into the bed with my backhurting me so bad that it was impossible for me to stoop over andunlace my shoes. My nerves got sobad that I seldom liad a good night'ssleep and I lost weight until 1wasn't much more than a frame. Myface was sunken in and my colorwas swarthy and unhealthy looking"In fact, I was .iust about readyto give up and could not have heldout much longer in such a condition.T -had heard lots of talk about whatTanlac was doing, so my wife hadme get a bottle of Tanlac, and Inoticed some improvement from thefirst, and now I am a well man. Iam now sixty-five years of age, butI can get around with about as muchease as if nothing had ever been thematter with me. The rheumatismis gone I believe for good, as I neverfeel it any more; my appetite is bettei than it has been in years and Ican tell from the way my face hasfilled out that I have gained considerably in weight. In fact, my improvement has been so great thatmy friends are often remarkingabout how much better I look."Tanlac is sold in Paris at thePeople's Pharmacy. (adv)oshows up the biggest in to-morrow'sTo-day's work is the thing whichresults.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOT'' BE CUREDBy local applications, as theycannot reach the diseased portion ofthe ear. There is only one way tocure catarrhal deafness, and that isby a constitutional remedy. Catarrhal Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts thruthe blood on the mucous surfaces ofthe system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Medicine. Circulars free. All Druggists,75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio,(adv)SIX MONTHS ICOULD NOT WORKillLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable iCompound made Me Strong andAble to Work I RecommendIt To All My Friends.Bayonne, X. J. "I had pains in backand legs bo that I could ,not stand causedbv female trouble.I felt so tired all thetime, had bad headaches, and for sixmonths 1 could notwork. I was treated by a physicianand took other remedies but got norelief. A friend toldme about Lydia 13.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andit has helped meHnKr' y?very much. I am well and strong andnow able to do my work. f cannotthank you enough and I uvounnendvour medicine to my friends who aresick." .Mrs. Si'ME Sac vtansiiy, 2uKasst 17th St., Bavonne, JS". J.Tt must be admitted bv every fair-J minded, intelligent poison, that a medicine could not live and grow in popularity for en or foity years, and today holda record for such wonderful successas does Lydia . Pinkham's VegetableCompound, without possessing" greatvirtue and actual worth. Such medicines must be looked inion and tunned'both standard and dependable by evciy1 thinking person. - .7thABBTaBTaBTaBTaBTasfaEsrSbHJHHHHbbj! liHnT laHHHHHiaaaM 'Wnnaaaai - ?'HffLQfaVJHjBHflB? We made this ciga- Jr.MBPF rette to meet Wimr iflfL m your taste! p Iw aBsBBBkBV t1 -lB K m -A- m m I- nil r mM -l :-1 ttlPl HI 1 iiBRr BMBM. "BflBBBflUBBBflHw H r wF BBJ BBt BfHW BBBBBBBBBBBBB M IB W Hi BPR-3BBBt BL 'BBBBBBbV BMmKEBttBSBEBUBKtiSKKInB-UKUMrWKKKIB4bW 'Hbbbf1 -bjbjbjbjbjbjbjbbjbjbjww -- v.JflBBBBBMl li iiBBBflBBKAMELS have wonderte ful full-bodied mellow-mildness and a flavorrefreshing as it is new.Camels quality and Camels expertblend of choice Turkish and choiceDomestic tobaccos win you on merits.Camels blend never tires your taste. And,Camels leave no unpleasant cigaretty aftertastenor unpleasant cigaretty odor!1What Camels quality and expert blend canmean to your satisfaction you should findout at once! It will prove our say-so whenyou compare Camels with any cigarettein the world at any priceCamels ace sold everywhere in scientifically atileJ packages of 20Cigarettes; or (en packages 100 cigarettes) m a t !ssine-paper-coveredcarton. We strongly recommend this cartun tor the homo or cSjocCvpply or when you travel.R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO,Winston-Salem. N. C11ttlll MtrliR.t U-S Pl 0Tisne to Retire7(Buy -Pick)Bkk JtKLWttli dBRteJHSDiiMiiSPRINGSHOWINGLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.TwinBros.Department Storeand MainParis, Ky-T$, fYes Sir-ee!BBBBn 1 3tHaM IHBBBBflBLJflH Ml l!J9BflBBflBBk.BHHBKbBi J ! llilll 'Ji9TO9HBHHBHKBHflflHflflBlL.as 'HtfttfUIIIMnBaBBHHBBBBBiaBBBMk.ppf a .Jzr- j crfPBBVAiBt " xr s &w zti .Ttiii ci'i&BiwmmGOOD mileage, good looks,good traction all to anextreme degree are features ofthese tires. In their making andin their selling, the Fisk Ideal isa vital factor."$&s;The Fik Heal: "To be the bestconcern in the world to workfor, and the squarest concern inexistence to do business with9Next Time BUY FISKPor Sale ByCitizens' GarageDickerson & SonVvtill.,., Pans Overland Co. f4K40ovjr bt"t m HBOsTasaal HfDBAIiiy Akin aV.BlJaHyiwnn arv yvvsBb.i,SHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINES SAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALU5 PACKAGESAlso PASTES and LIQUIDS for Black. Tan and White ShoesTHE F. F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD- BUFFALO. N. Y.'Otrti5ftli WiwMiW.I'tP. SI-1t rtlf?;i7I 1ST.m'!. i! Li 1iit t fitW'Afoyj-fiHr!" "i?r MmIs C fiSi-. k9 Jt?& ir it.- V v "f- TAir- , ' Kjrttt J. r 5 T -i- 1!5 .0&- ?-" r:r- -- m .vw i?-v jpcii7 rvv3Mnf . 'Tr-i i"'w' r 'tt"- r ..... ... ." vr - - r- --, " Xl- 1 Vl - f -.. l-E 7 5 ., . tf vin , w -r. y, . . -N-I '.i?" ,.'"PAGXFOCftTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRIL, 30, 120..'t"'s'-:'i?MS'-, - PFor RfentSuite of rooms and sleepingporch; connecting bath; private entrance. Applicants with children- need not answer.MRS. KATE L. WILSON.(30-4t)FOR SALEFive passenger 1919 touring car.Run only 9,000 miles. Will sell atslightly over half the cost of newcar.JOHN M. STUART,(It) 418 Main Street.WHAT'S THE MEXT "DBIYE?"If there is not a short crop of"'drives" this summer, he -people aregoing to be driven crazy. TKe kidgloved crowd who sit in their Brussels-carpetedoffices in the cities andinaugurate these various "drives"should learn with profit that thegreat common people are beingdriven into close quarters, and thatall future "drives" are out of tune.With the high cost of living eatingup the worker's wages, it is hardlylikely for him to feel kindly disposed toward future "drives" whosetentacles grip him at every turn.In the future we are going to support only those "drives" that willhelp the people of Paris and Bourbon county.Investment OpportunitiesThe effort on the part of every salesman e to makehis offering appear as an "unusual opportunity' 'makes us conservative in commenting on presentfinancial conditions.It is generally recognized, however, that war conditions have brought about unusual interest rates onsecurities of unquestioned safety.For example, the Pennsylvania and New York Central railroads have recently issued bonds yielding theinvestor seven per cent and other instances mightreadily be cited.This firm, having been in business forty-eight years,is in a position to offer its clients old line securitiesbearing an unusual interest rate. We honestly believe that the present time furnishes a real investment opportunity.Correspondence of those interested in safe offeringsand experienced advice is invited.J. J. B. HILLIARD & SONINVESTMENT BONDS130 SOUTH FIFTH ST. x LOUISVILLE, KY.When You Want ,Your ShoesMended, Do You Take Them to aBlacksmith?IlliSure, this query sounds foolish but somepeople are just that' judicious about whereihey take their Automobile Starting andLighting Batteries for inspection, careand repair.Make No Mistake !Let Exide Service, dependable and nationwide, care for your battery troubles, andprevent trouble when your battery is o.k.by careful inspection and proper additionof distilled water, which latter comes free.COME TO1::Bourbon Exide1 209 Main St.Service StationPhone 307We Are Doing the Best WeCan to Help Reduce the H. C. L.VH3K&V i-iSiii: f?PSS' X'ZSkrX.?. . S -' .'W&W&'S$WBR5" liAii r&&& '&s .Jt'im!Wi&mKMfo&'' . v -nr 4ssyw -r " jW x .jwk ?. J-y Vj .' .' t kS m ?8SSSb ' jf .istmim.VO'G;HE1L CLOfflES:i-? 1". .'?uw-a y r'??w tvjvriJ'Ss5. r-c&oSftSvssyf-,; ;-- -,0 'SATT&K.'' ,KBlsv-' WIMttkF,To help you we are selling Men's Suits,tiats, Shoes and Furnishings at the verylowest possible prices.You are' cordially invited to inspectouit ; merchandise, whether wishing tobuy or not.-SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorTHE LEXINGTON RACES:h. -Although, the weather conditionshave been very unfavorable, it didnot seem to deter lovers of the racing game from flocking, in large,numbers to the spring meeting ofliie Kentucky Jockey Club, whichbegan at Lexington last Saturday.The crowds each afternoon havebeen far above the average,' and thecard provided for each day's program has been of the very best.Among the winners at the meeting were three Bourbon countyhorsemen, whose victories were verypopular among the sporting element, and whose horses were playedin the pari-mutuals to the verylimit by Bourbon friends of theirowned and trained by Dan Morris,fifth " race was won by Ben Valet;owned and trained by Wan Morris,formerly of Paris, with John g.Reardon, second, and Eastertide,third. Finis", owned and trained byRobert C. Frakes, formerly of Paris,with. Fred Merrimee, another Parisboy, in the saddle, won the sixthrace in good style, Duke of Devonshire taking second place, and Waterford, third. Finis paid his backers as good as 10 tc 1. The Ashland Oaks for two-ear-olds, at idistance of one mile, was won byClintonville, owned by S. KenneyNichols, lately of Paris, at odds of.$14.20 to $2 in the pari-mutuals.Cotton Blossom came in second,with Cobwebs, third. Owner Nichols drew down $3,370 as his shareof the stakes, and, in addition, received a handsome silver cup, donated by Major T. C. McDowell, after whose breeding farm the stakewas named.MATRIMONIAL.-A marriage license was issuedTuesday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, to Clarence Riggs, twenty-one, of near Carlisle, and Miss Eva Mason, twentytwo, of MiHersburg.ATTENTION, BUILDERS!If you don't do i! now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.ir, BOURBON LUMBER CO. Tapr2-tf)BIRTHS.To the wife of Frederick M.Gray, a son, Frederick M. Gray, Jr.Mrs. Gryy was formerly Miss MaudeBaber, of Winchester.SPICK-AND-SPAN AT CAHAL'SBARBEE SHOP.Our shop has been newly paperedand painted, and made most inviting We employ four polite andexperienced white barbers. Specialattention given to cutting childrenshair and shining ladies' shoes. Wecan say with confidence that wehave the best-appointed barbershop in Paris. For comfort, convenience and "that satisfied feeling" patronize our shop.(23-3t) CAHAL BROS.The following marriage"licenseswere issued Wednesday from theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton:Wm. Hudnall, 26, Route 6, Winchester, and Miss Ruby Frakes, 20, ofParis; Isaac Niblack, 22, Winchester, Route 6, and Miss Letha Harris.22, Winchester, Route 1, Winchester; David Spears Cooper, 21, Danville, and Miss Minnie Boreland 18,Paris.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, officiatedTuesday afternoon at three o'clock,at the wedding of Clarence Riggand Miss Eva Wason, bothof Millersburg. Wednesday he performedthe -nuptial ceremony for Isaac Niblack and Miss Letta Harris, both ofWinchester, and David S. Cooperand Miss Minnie Bowen, of thiscounty. The ceremonies took placeat the residence of Rev. Ellis, atTenth and Main streets.IN APPELLATE COURT.The appealed case of Oscar Johnson, of Paris, convicted and sentenced to death in the Bourbon CircuitCouit, on a charge of murder, willbe heard by the Court of Appeals, atFrankfort, on Friday, May 7. Theargument for Johnson will be madeby his attorney, Oscar T. Hmton. ofParis. Johnson shot and killedWalter Rice, in the Ahearn & Burton lestaurant, at the corner ofTenth and Pleasant stieets, in thiscity, about two years ago.oATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thins thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIFTS BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsfVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your palch beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)4 ! '1 II II llfC -'Lj I I I I'll II . I . IB1WW0 I 7IJV - :ff m 'fevIf wfcrSlenderizingthe Full FigureIf yon are of neavy or mediumbuid you will find thatSERVICE COUNTS!PERSONALSERVICECo-operationOFFICESERVICEService-Through the personal service that we try to &ive ourpolicy holders and the unexcelled service given by theNorthwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.we led the entire Agency force in the number of lives insured in the United States for the year 1918.Through this service, and your continued co-operation,we hope to win the above cup and the honor of again leading the United States 'by June 1, 1920.B-U-S-I--E-S-S" FOR US SPELLSP-R-0-F-S-7FOR YOUEn the way of increased dividendsTo receive Northwestern Life dividends you must carryNorthwestern Life 'insurance. The BEST is ALWAYSthe CHEAPEST.will irive you comfort and atrim graceful figure.Cf especial appeal to the largewoman is the strong belt "webbing over the abdomen andhe reinforced back and hiplines, llengo Corsets growold grace fully." Youth, beauty and charm are coming halfwajr to meet you. The Ren gois scientifically made for fullfigured women.Rengo Gorsets are economically priced from $3 to $10Frank & Co.20-1R. F. CLENDENfN,ASSOCIATE GENERAL AFENTNorthwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.FIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDINGPARIS, KENTUCKYHORSETBOUGHwsm andJOSL EXCHANGEDSIBHaving leased the livery barn on Second Street, underthe Citizens Garage, I will have on hand at all times anumber ofHorses, Mules and PoniesFor SaleFIRST CLASS RIGS AND "TEAMS rOR HIREYpur Patronage Will Be AppreciatedR. P. VANZAINtSecond and Main Sts. PARIS, KY. Climb. Phone 919.mi m ap m JraKMBOKBasaKgSport SuitsSport DressesSport CoatsAre Here in Various ModesWe could write a full pagestory about the daintiness, ex-clusivenessand-unusualattractiveness of these fresh, nw sportgarments.To convince yourself come andsee them and have one of oursaleswomen point out to you allthe new features.Every one of them are in themodels approved by the .styleauthorities and are fashioned ofcolortul fabrics that are practicalfor warm weather wear.Their -workmanship and finishare superb and would lead youto believe that the price is high.But that isn't the policy of thisstore.Moderate PricesIs Our Ideaand these offerings verify ourstatement.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.!ims::9iXWMTvWaVir'imt- '?FRIDAY, APRIL J20, 1920.rJggg g"-gyfeTHE BOURBON NEtf& PARIS, KENTUCKY-4COR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEcomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ERESH FISH TO-DAY.. Nice shipment of fresh fish toy today and to-irorrow. Let us haveyour order early if you want something nice,lit) C.P. COOK & CO.o-SPRING BEVERAGESThe best Summer drinks and tonics to be had are Dixie and Wiedemann preparations. We have themen draught, and in cases for familyise. Special prices in case lots.All kin'ds of other soft drinks iceold at all times.BONE DRY CAPE,Ed. Doyle, Prop.Cumb. Phone 228. (apr30-tf)oY. M. C. A. NOTESMrs. a. n. pi,,,;. ' ' U11Ur?-r" and Mls' Arthur Thomasoii,oi Chicago, ?re guests of Mr. andls;T?ei McClintock, at thei homeon Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Blanche Lilleston andSecretary Harrison, of the "Y. M. :.::' IT.. WUdue.M J-meston, Have...'... r iciunitn rrnm n vicif -. ;r.. n t-C. A., nas secured the thud period, Havnp5 nf A7 " """ LW "" a' uJuly 14-28, at Camp Daniel Boonefor Eourbon county boys. Thecounty quota has been set at 40.L.iPt jear 27 went from this county.On account of the great popularityof the Camp the local Camp Committee is sure Bouibon county will gocer the top with 40 boys enrolledlong befoie the date set for going totamp comes aiound.oSTATE B. Y-. P. U. ELECTS NEWOFFICERS.At the closing session of the annual State convention of the BaptistYoung People's Union held at Franklin, State officers were elected as follows: President, Mr. W. T. Perry, Covington; first vice-president, Mr. W.P. Payne. Franklin: second vice-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. 1and city interests, which "keeps heryoung.Miss Bessie O'Neill left- thismorning for a visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati.j Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth continuesI very ill at the home of her son.Miss Maurip Wor,.i 5 , .Carlie Wilmoth, on Duncan avenue."1 oi pneumonfa1 ier "5W Mrs- " Lydick- of Cyntbl"South Main street. ' ""'"- on ana is a guest of her daughter.Isaac L 'Price has t r!rs' " m Marshall, and Mr. Maifrom a -visit to his dauehter nfr? sha11' on Second street-C A. Truer, and Mr TeUev n ChT ' Mr-and Mrs- Louis Roerscago. "" J-euei, in cm- have returned from Rochester,Miss Agnes Purnell has rtii Minn- where Mrs- Rogers has beened to Washington n r ifto "I . under treatment at the Mayo Bros.'relatives in this city and in Mi! HospitaLlersburg. . y an(1 in Ml1" j Miss Stella Stephens, of theMr. and Mrs. Dan W Peed and ' Paris HlJ?h Scno1 faculty, has reson, Dan W Peed Jr " hav lurned from a visit to her parents,turned from" an extended stay" d ' ChaS' B' StePhens- inHot Springs, Ark. ,Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Merle p. Allen has re ' Mr" and Mrs' Albert Holliday,turned to her home in Pittsfie'id 111 " of Chica& are visiting the forafter a visit to her narpntQ a? nVlmer's sisters, the Misses Holliday,W. Judy, and Mr. Judy, of TwelfthStreet.Henry V. Morris, an old-timenewspaper man, formerly of Maysville, and now connected with theCincinnati Enquirer, called on Parisfriends this week. Mr. Morris isan enthusiastic devotee of the rac-I BPAGE FIVEHaj'nes, at Cincinnati.Mrs. Luther Rice will be hostess ins samr and never .tails to maKelu uie memoers of the FridayBridge Club this afternoon at herhome on the Clintonville pike, nearParis.Mrs. John A. Lyle has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin California. Before her returnMrs. Lyle visited friends in Washington, D. C.Mis. Ida Ray and Mrs. NannieJ. Embry have returned from Daytona Beach, Florida, where theyconducted a tea room during th-3winter season.Darwin E. Fisher, who has beencritically ill at his home near Ruddels Mills, has been removed to the.Massie Memorial Hospital,city, for tieatment.Mrs. W...L. Yevke,Pans, who 'has beenthe Lexington meeting. He is awell-known handicapper and knowsevery horse on the American turf, aswell as the European horses.The 'aet dance of the socialseason, the cotillon given at theMasonic Temple, in this city Wednesday night, by the Bourbon Cotillon Club, easily measured up tothe high standard of pievious oneheld under the auspices of' thit organization. From 8-30 p. m. to2:30 p. n . the dancers whiled awaythe hours to the delicious strains ofdance music, with an intermisr-ion atthe midnight hour when a tempting luncheon was served. Mr. andled thepresident, -ur. j. u. riueruaiui, tor some time at her home m T.nOwensboro; third vice-president, Mr. ..Angeles. California, is now on theT. ?. Simmons, Ashland; recordingj-ecretary, Miss Mary Lee Iglehart;coi responding secretaiy, Mr. O. T.Black, Louisville; treasurer. MissLottie Greer, Louisville; chorister,Mr. A. J. Shafer, Bellevue; press reports. Mr. George R. Jewell, Louisivlle. The State convention for 1921v. ill be held at Paducah, April 21-24.Ill tlllO ! -ti-A. kLaiillVi;v- i.viVJJmuux Uil.J I ... i ngiand marcn. j large numoer olvsitors from surrounding townsand counties were present and participated in the pleasures of theevening.formerly ofseriously illSEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's Yellovfr Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(,16mar-tf)-o-CARLIE WILMOTH APPOINTEDTO PRAI&KP0RT POSITIONCarlie Wilmoth, of Paris, formerlyAssistant Postmaster of Paris during the term of office of N. A. Moore,received official notice of his appointment to a resposible positionin the office of the Auditor of Stateat Fiankfort. Mr. Wilmoth accepted the position, and has assumed hisduties.Mr. Wilmoth has been a consistent and faithful worker in the interest of the Republican paity, andstands high in its councils. His appointment is a just recognition offaithful service, as well as a testimonial to his capability.Mrs. Wilmoth and family willioin Mr. Wilmoth at Frankfort lateron. They have been occupying thePresbyterian manse on Duncanavenue.o.WOOL WANTED.We are in the market forwool and will pay the highestmarket price. Call at eitheroffice for sacks an twine.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(23apr-tf)oSALE OF EDIBLES TO BENEFITSCHOOL FUND.To-morrow (Saturday) morning,and lasting tlnough the day the Victiola Committee of the Earis HighSchool will conduct a sale of edibles,the proceeds of "the sale to be concerted into the fund being raisedfor the purchase of a Victrola, andrecoids, ,for the use of the school.The sale will be held in the officeol the Paris Realty Co. There willhe offered foi sale nearly everything in the "good things to eat'line, including chickens, dressedegjrs, etc., (and that last item ejcy,, ,,r onnri tninas.)' iwlllCiiC-CO Hieing to'"" . ,patronage of the public is invited.In such a good cause the amount oimoney prospective purchasers mayinvest will be well spent. Help tosecure the Victrola and make gladthe hearts of the kiddies, as well asthe older ones.oCLUBS ELECT OFFICERSAt the recent meeting of theNorth Middleiown Womens Club'he following officers were elected tocerve for the ensuing term: President, Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson; firstvice-president, Mrs. John S. Talbott;second vice-president, Mrs. J. .Young: recording secretary, Mrs. J.W. Jones; corresponding secretary,Mrs. Ai.na Cooper; treasurer. MissDelia Tinder. The topic ot Clubstudy will be: "The New Testament As literature.'The new officers who will guidethe affairs of the Millersburg Twentieth Century Club for the ensuingterm are as follows: President,Miss Huth McClintock; vice-president,Mrs. H. C Cunent; recordingsecretary. Miss Alfa Ball, corres-nm.Hir. spprptarv. "Mrs. James aiuiw trpac.,,rOT. Mrs. CarltonThe topic for Club'' sttjdy"Representative Novels.'the road to recoveryMrs. W. C. Dodson, of Paris,who has been ill for seveial weeks,has been taken to a Louisville hospital, where she will be undertreatment by Dr. Gardner.Mrs. Elizabeth Day and daughter, Miss Lillian Day, have returnedto their home in this city after a. pleasant vifcit to Mrs. E. J. Mulcahev.and the Misses Stone, at Berry.Miss Elizabeth Steele, of Paris,will entertain at the County Clubnear Lexington, to-morrow evening,in honor of her cousin, Miss RobeitaMeade, of Charleston, West Virginia.Robert Turner and Elmer Gillhave returned from Franklin, Ky..where they attended the sessions ofthe State B. Y. P. U. as delegatesfrom the local Union of he Baptistchurch.Mrs. Clarence Plummer, operatoi for the Louisville & Nashvilleat Jackson, has arrived to spend thesummer with her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. C Day, and other relativesin this county.Miss Margaiet Cleveland,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. C.Cleveland, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital. Miss Cleveland underwent a successful operation Wednesday for appendicitis.Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry andiughters. Misses Elizabeth andCharlotte Henry, who have been atthe Windsor Hotel since their return from Florida, will go to housekeeping at an early date in the Presbyterian parsonage, on Duncan avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Campbellentertained at dinner Tuesday. Theguests weie Mr. and Mrs. Frank P.Kiser, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spears,Misses Elizabeth Crutcher, Neil.Crutcher and Mildred Collins: William Collins, Fielding Rogers andStanley Dickson.Mrs. Lyda B. Thompson, ofKnoxville, Tnn., was a recent guestof friends in this city. Mrs. Thompson, who has held the position otstamp clerk in the Knoxville postoffice through the administrations ofeight Presidents, was en route homefrom a visit to her son, Avho holdsa position at Frankfort.William A. Lenihan, John R.Roche and Frank Lenihan, of Paris,were guests Wednesday at the wedding dinner given by Mr. and Mrs.J. T. Mahoney, at their home onWoodland avenue, in honor of theirdaughter. Miss Margaret Mahoney,who was married yesterday morningto William A. Lenihan, of Detroit,Mich.Mrs. Lou Palmer celebrated hernineteenth birthday on April 16, atthe .home of her daughter, Mrs. JohnJ. McClintock, on Duncan avenue, ina ery quiet way, with her nearestrelatives present. Many friendscalled during the afternoon andevening. Mrs. Palmer enjojs goodhealth and is interested in homeOPEN FOR BUSINESSIn Our New Building128-130 W. EIGHTH ST.Paris, Ky.AutomobileRepair andMachine ShopOxy-Acetylene Welding.Your Patronage SolicitedAll Work GuaranteedICumb. Phone 73I INSRICHARDMRS. ELLIS'nI I vFOR THIS WEEKOGolden State Peaches40c can 35c45c can 40c50c can 45c60c can 55cGood Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beanslarge size 20c jijjsmall size 15c MlLook for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.Three deliveries each day.Both phones,Mir. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite' Court HouseParis, Ky.APUBLiC SALEOPBall.will be:Begins Thursday, May 6Everything Must Be Sold to Vacate the Buildingsi;mon &. co.Going Out of Business Sale!WBE have sold our building to Baldwin Bros, and must vacate. -Beginning.Thursday,May 6th, we begin to clear our storeof its vast stock of high grade merchandise at prices so lowas to make it move hurriedly. JNever has a sfock of such magnitude and quality been offered,at prices so low. "Coming just at the beginning of a season when our cabinetsand shelves are filled with new and seasonable merchandise,It will PROVE ,AN EVENT of first importance to everywoman in Bourbon County.Be on hand early nextThursday morningThis sale will will continue until the last article has been disposed of, but it you want first choice come early. -Only a visit to our store will convince you "of the importanceof this sale.STORE WILL BE CLOSED MONDAY, TUESDAY AND.WEDNESDAY, MAY 3rd, 4th AND 5th.FIFTY EXTRA GIRLS WANTED,PERSON AT THE STORE.MUST APPLY INMain Street, Paris, KentuckyHandsome City Property!The undersigned, as agents for Thos. Cook, will sell at auction onWednesday, May 12, 1920"at" 2:00 p. in., on the premises his beautiful and attractive home on thecorner of Boone a-nd Fifteenth streets. This modern cottage is built ofrressed brick and contains 6 rooms, bath and all modern conveniences.Cellar under entire house, water, electric lights, gas, etc. Complete ineveiy detail. Lot 50x159 and 15 foot alley in rear, good garage. Hasintone fence that sets property off in tine style. This is a HOME, notsimply a house. Not another place like' it in Paris. Let us show it toj ou before sale.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,, . ,. AGENTS. PORX THOMAS COOKGEO: d: 'SPEAKES, Auctioneer. f L. "P. HARRIS, Gen. Manager,"cumb. Phone, 450; .Home Phone, 394. ,. .'-.. jL-'JI jM$$M'9ESMmilisWM!JMi&.-i nr.i ntt22i HAVE. IUUHEARD THE1 .....The Only Non-set Autosnatac Stoo Talkine Made. WeI have them from $50 to $250. Why buy anything but thei best?9 1 ' 1I .S.mCOLUMBIA GRAF0N0LA?SIIJaj11i-NEW COLUMBIA RECORDSALWAYS IN STOCK. COME IN AND LET US PLAYTHEM FOR YOU.No. 2857. Wondering; You Can't Get Loving Where ThereAint Any Love Lewis' Jazz Band,No. 2858, Rose Room ; Cairo Art Hickman Orchestra.No. 2861. Was There Ever a Pal Like You; Chloe-Burrand Jolson.XNo. 2863. All I Want is You; When the Harvest Moon isShining Lewis James.No. 2878. I'm Sorry I Ain't Got It; Checkers -"Bert Wil.Hams. And Many Others, -XSTHE J. T. fllNTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKY?S1 SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor invalid Coach Undertaking-i ..a1v'-?",v i A.. -PJ-.- tJt imV vVmJV',fr-Uf-$ .'JC-V:rmHBiBinRBiHinnMiflnpHiiHavaMnMHranHHHHi' " 3 " "7 -. . .TSr'-I ?i vr - j ":C 2TT-'""-t T fc.7' rVTHSPTFT 'WTIP-'H'ff i" ' 7T TTT73i:"wTwrji-rjSW- i T .VT,7rTT aWs." . "FrT"!''''r "i? A' fCv -'- Iur , -tags axTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, MXBTVCMJTEIDAY, APBH, 3; 12.f.,'VVstJ t4 ,MACHINERYANDEQUIPMENT)rtable Gasoline Drag Sawsntractors' Variety Wood Workerand Gasoline Pumpsterete Mixersilvert Formsloisting Enginesfeasoline EnginesJNovo Gasoline Equipmentportable Air CompressorsUmmer Drillslock Drillsli Handling Equipmentir un loadersHoad and Farm TractorsUSED BARGAINS16 H. P. gas or kerosene engine12 H. P. kerosene engine on trucksRock CrusherEquipment for Contractors, Quarries,i Mills, etc.! Catalogs on RequestRoy C. Whayne Supply Co.i 608 W. Jefferson(Across from City Hall)LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY ,(apr-27-4t)The next timeyou buy calomelask for(alotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.swick PrinciplesIn Fine Tire MakingThe reason you are interested in the name on your tire isJthat it identifies the maker. By knowing the maker you canjudge his ideals of manufacture.The only secret of a super-tire lies in the principles of themaker. His standards decide the quality. For there are nosecrets in the tire industry.What you rrst depends on what is behind the name on yourtire. Brunswick, as you know, means a very old concern,jealous of its good name. Since 1845 the House of Brunswickhas been famous the world over for the quality of its products.The Brunswick Tire is all that you expect and more.Your first one will be a revelation. You'll agree that you'venever known a better. And you'll tell your friends. So spreadsthe news among motorists. The Brunswick is the most welcome tire that ever came to marketTry one Brunswick Tire. Learn how good a tire can bebuilt. And remember, it costs no more than like-type tires.THE BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COLLENDER CO.Cincinnati Headquarters: Northwest Corner Seventh and Main StreetsaHftBflagBgSagSold On An Unlimited MileageGuarantee BasisRowland & BuchannonFEEDCorn, Oats, Hay, Tankage,Cotton Seed MealGET OUR PRICES rEDINGER & COMPANY LOUISVILLE, KY.(apr 9-8t-F)ONCHAnCOMPLAIN NOW,SHE DECLARES,Make Your Sayings Earn QWhy Cawaarvatftr Investors, Banks and other OrganizationsInvest in our 6 First Mortgage Gold Bonds.Thar are f ratnorfg on improved real citato worth 100 more than amount of mortgage.Thar rJefi . tfa boat rate oi Interest conaUtantrwith Safety.Tlpy arc always worth 100 cents on tha dollar. Not effected by wars, strikes, economicpy firs goar&UUtttU IKWl KB va principal iiiu iniorost try uiu isuinyauy wiui nureia uii Caaaasy has beta In business 12 years and has furnished Investment for millions ofla flrsi aortewa without the loss of a dollar and without trouble or worry to theMgJUasirttiM a to 12 years in amounts of f LOo, 500. $1000,Other Information GIsully Qlvsm.Consolidated Realty Company231 South Fifth 3tret, LOUISVILLE, KY.E, S. WmsUx, lfuHr C. C, HlaaU, frUmmt Heavr M. Jc4ustlfrTf ear i HCr aawi um, vewsatMiss Vetter Has Gained 25 PoundsIn Weight And Peels Pine AllThe TimeHighly LandsTrutonaLOUISVILLE, KY., April 29. "Iweighed 140 pounds when I begantaking Trutona, but I tipped thescales at 165 pounds after I had finished the treatment, and I feel sogood all the time now that I don'teven have a chance to complain,"Miss Hub' Vetter,-- a well-knownemploye of Herman Straus & SonsCo., who lives at 1041 South Seventh street, Louisville, said recently."I used to be a telephone operator, but I had to give up the positionon account of my nerves," she continued. "I had the 'flu' last springand it left my system in bad shape.My stomach was so weak I couldn'cI stand even the lightest of foods. Ifelt bullous all the time and wassubject to frequent smotheringspells.""Trutona had done my mother sumuch good that I decided to try itmyself. The benefits I gained arereally better than I even expected.When I had finished my third bottleof Trutona, I felt as strong as I everdid. And I'm still feeling that way.My nerves are strong and steadynow and I'm eating heartier thanever. I'm working at the department store every day now, too, andI feel so good all the time that Idon't have a chance to complain."Can any one doubt the sincerityof this remarkable statement by MissVetter? It is further proof to beadded to the ever increasing volumeof testimony accumulating in favorof Trutona. As a system purifierand body invjgorant for use afterattack of influenza, pneumonia andthe like, Tiutona has proven to bepeerless. Trutona is sold in Parisat G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)Do you appreciate, Mr. Salesman, what a factor you are in thebuilding of human progress?We will stand at the home of B.P. Wagoner, near Blacks CrossRoads, three miles south of Millersburg, six miles east of Paris, on theJackstown pike, a fine Percheronregistered stallion,Pati.-f,CobestanNo. 16641A rich bay, weight 1,600 pounds, agrand individual, a sire of a showhorse in his class. We will stand atEIGHT DOLLARSCash in hand when mares are bred.Also, same time and place, anextra good four-year-oldBlack Jack15 V& hands high, weighing 1,000pounds, with big, heavy bone andplenty head and ear, and greatbreeder. We will stand atEight Dollarscash in hand when mares are bred.The above stock we will stand forcash when" mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.Mclntyre & WagonerTenn. Phone, 38; Home Phone, 18;Millersburg ExchangeJIM EVANSBlack Jack, will stand at my stablein North Middletown, atSS.OOCash in hand when mares are bred.JIM EVANS is by Young's BlackSampson, he by Young's Yelberton.He is 15.3 high, big head andears, plenty of foot and bone, a number one breeder.Also, at the same place the bigdraft stallion,Tom BucknerCash in hand when mares are bred,w.eight 1,700 pounds, will make theseason at$8.00This horse must be seen to be appreciated.The above stock we will stand forcash when mares are bred. We willgive each mare three trials.R. M. GILKEYCumberland Phone 93.t North Middletown, Kentucky, (9apr. 8t) . J- if"s- ? - - ill TV ,.i71,wViVX -5452 MilesIn A WeekNew Triplex Springs Help 'Overland 4 Break RecordIn the great endurance test recently at Indian-)apolis an Overland 4 stock car covered anaverage of more than 778 miles each day for7 days.The success of this severe test is another proofof the quality of material in the Overland 4,and the protection afforded the chassis by theTriplex Springs.M3I6" -i t.-"grgajDICKERSON & SONPhones 436 106-8 Tenth St.! yl-ypaaaaaaafglir i,V.alve-in-Head PreferenceMen of long experience in motor car usage, know andappreciate the wonderful value of Buick Valve-in-Headefficiency.Today, these men are paying a high tribute to Buickquality and construction, in their selection of thisfamous motor car to serve their needs in the future.Buick prides itself in possessing the world's confidenceand with such unwavering faith, and individual preference of buyers, Buick demand and production areeclipsing all records so the wisdom of early purchasing for future months delivery by those "who know"is a fore-thought for the prospective buyer who tarriesfrom day to day.1 T:: u :- "Model K-44 . $1595.00Model K-45 - $1595.00Vica f. o. b. Flint, MichiganModel K-46 - $2235.00Modl K-47 - $2465.00Pricmm RevUtd April 1st. 1920Model K-t9 - $1855.00Model K-50 - $2S95.00B-caWhen better automobiles are built, Buick will build thennThe C. So Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.Muoh-Bejeweled Prince,On great occasions of state theprince of Gwalolr, one of the wealth.iest of the potentates of India, wearsa IB-row ntcklaee of pearls as largeis filberts and a sash that reachesfrom his shoulder to his knee, andthat is, covered with similar 'f ems. "Why Not Get Into a Paying BusinessInvestigate THE ADAMS-BARBE SYSTEM of Vulcanizing and Ketreading. THE SCIENTIFIC, SATISFACTION SYSTEM. Co-operatijeBuying, Advertising, Brains. ,200 Service Stations Established. Whywork for the other fellow?The Guarantee. Vulcanizing & Sales Co.138-140 West Seventh Street. Cincinnati, OhieflMM Carnal 2f 1$.rt T1v4- . Xc'"r "s;-VI . "' mJ . . --, l"1 - '- ja i 9 V r a "HBL zrFRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1920.THE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPJU8BTS9i- -rm.$wsmjxi!&EV"5iLAXATIVnrmsateHflaVsaaaalaT aLHELPHaaBHHFnsHSr Goshi! How my back aches!Alter Grip, flunor colds, the kidneysand bladder are often affected callednephritis, or inflammation of kidneys.This is the red flag of danger betterbe wise and check the further inroads ofkidney disease by obtaining that wonderful discovery of Dr. Pierce's, known asAnuric (anti-uric-acid), because it expelsthe uric acid poison from the body andremoves those pains, such as backache,rheumatism in muscles and joints.Naturally when the kidneys arederanged the blood is filled with poisonous waste matter, which settles in thefeet, ankles and wrists; or under theeyes in bag-like formations.Springfield, Tenn. "I write a fewlines to say that Dr. Pierce's AnuricTablets gave meprompt relief. Iconsider them agreat remedy forkidney trouble. Myback doesn't hurtat all and there isno burning orsmarting as before.When I had usedup the trial package my druggistdidn't have the tab- lilets in stock so ordered a bottle fromKhville."-G.W. HEAD, lit. 4, Bos 34.Chronic Constipation Is Stubborn.How To Relieve Easily.New Method.if.K """ . ..mwck Miih. ira - ww$k JsiLwitmw,mmY'THAT FADED FROCKWILL DYE LIKE NEWHere's a way to relieve yourselfof chronic constipation, stomachand liver disorder, after all othermeans have failed, with the guarantee of a reliable dealer that itwon't' cost you one penny unless itdoes. jSimply get a twenty-five centbox of Pepsotone, take according todirections, and you'll be surprisedwithin a few days how these littletablets refresh tired nerve3,strengthen weakened tissues andjust fill you full of energy and vigor.Food tastes better and you forgetheadaches, indigestion, tired-out-all-the-timefeeling.Be sure to ask your dealer forPepsotone as it is Pepsotone that isguaranteed to relieve indigestion,con&tipation or your money refunded, (adv)kAlligators and Crocodiles.Fourth n feet is about the limit oflength for an alligator, but the crocodile is a much larger animal when fullgrown, .specimens 30 feet long beingHot uncommon. Crocodile ecsrs. whichhave hard shells and look like gooseeggs, are considered good to eat inthe tropics.HOW IS YOUR COMPLEXION?A woman should grow more beautiful as she grows older and she willwith due regard to baths, diet andexercise, and by keeping her liverand bowels in good working order.If you are haggard and yellow,your eyes losing their lustre andwhites becoming yellowish, yourflesh flabby, it may be due to indigestion or to a sluggish liver.Chamberlain's Tablets correct thesedisorders.(adv)"Diamond Byes" Freshen UpDiscarded Garments.Old,Don't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a jmistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH'REMEDYThe great benefit derived from theuse of Chamberlain's Cough Remedylias been greatly acknowledged bymany. Mrs. Eenjamin F. Blakeney,Decatur, 111., writes, "Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is by far the bestmedicine for colds and coughs wehave ever used in our family. Igave it to my children when smallfor croup and have taken it myself."(adv)Bound to Get Hit Share.Little five-year-old Willie was Jnvited to a birthday party. On his return home his mother was surprisedto see him take two big pieces of cakeout of his pocket. When asked for anexplanation Willie replied. "'Mamma,I could not eat much because my stomach was full, so I brought some thingshome."ARE YOU HAPPY?To be happy you must be well. Ifyou are frequently troubled withconstipation and indigestion youcannot be altogether happy. TakeChamberlain's Tablets to correctThese disorders. They are promptand effectual, easy and pleasant totake.oBusiness of Criticism.Its business is simply to know thebest that is known and thought in theworld, and, by in its turn making thisknown, to create a current of trueand fresh ideas. Its business Is todo this with inflexible honesty, withdue ability; but its business is to dono more, and to leave alone all questions of practical consequences andapplications questions which willnever fail to have due prominencegiven to them. Matthew Arnold.-g-s-si: j-;tia lamiwUnusual Value-In Tiresfor the Smaller Carsni1H.HHrnM.l.mmm-..K.mmm.,B , , mmmmmummm, ...mmmi. nniHm.wi.ii.i.m.iun.H.inmum uiiim.iMii..iii..a,nBn,uiinuMimiiu.iuii,Hi,l:iiHniiHiHiiiHHiinuiuuiuiuuuiuiuiiiiittiiimninHtiiwnmwtiHMwnNot only is characteristic Goodyear meritconspicuous in Goodyear Tires for the smallercars, but ordinarily the first cost is found tobe not greater than that of other tires; oftenit is actually less.The combination of unusual value in firstcost and very low final cost, of course, is aresult of Goodyear experience, expertnessand care employed as insistently in the making of 30x3-, 30x312- and 31x4-inch tiresas it is in the construction of the famousGoodyear Cord Tires used on the highestpriced automobiles.For this reason more cars using these sizeswere factory-equipped last year with Goodyear Tires than with any other kind.Get this unusual tire value to enjoy on yourFord, Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell, or othercar using one of thes6 sizes, at the nearestGoodyear Service Station. Get these tiresand Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes at thisstation.30 x 3 Goodyear Double-CureFabric, All-Weather Tread.30x3V2 Goodyear Single-CureFabric, Anti-Skid Tread$2359$2159Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes are" thick, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with acheap tube? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes cost little morethan tubes of less merit. 30x3 size in water- $A50proof bag haIu- r ii uiir "niim mini mourn nnrrrram da tnTip to the FarmerSee COLLIER BROS.About REED'S YELLOW DENT and BOONE COUNTYWHITE SEED CORN. Also VEGETABLE and FARMFERTILIZERS of all kinds.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257miff f lit. trii-i:a-tibbmnLUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyMEANS ASPIRINISUWWOMENManv Paris Women Are Learningthe Cause'Bayer Cross" On Aspirin"Sterling" On SilverLikejV. pwiieAjjlggBBHMBiB111i1IGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment. BOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pltasant Streets, Paris, Ky.gj"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," marked with the safety "Bayer Cross,"can be taken without fear becauseyou are getting the true, world-famousAspirin, prescribed by physicians for ovei 18 years.Always buy an unbroken packageof "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" whichcontains proper directions to safelylelieve Colds, Headache, Toothache,Earache, Neuralgia, Lumbago,Rheumatism, Neuritis, Joint Pain.sand Pain generally.Handy tin boxes of twelve tablets cost but a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger ' "Bayer" packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)- o -Did She Mean Just That?"I want you to forget that I toldyou I didn't mean what I said aboutnot taking back my refusal to changemy mind. I've been thinking it over,and I've decided that I was wrong inthe first place." The Man "You don'treally mean that, do you, Dolly?"London Mail.Women often suffer, not knowingthe cause.Backache, headache, dizziness,nervousnessIrregular urinary passages, weakness, languorEach a torture of itself.Together hint at weakened kidneys. Strike at the root get to thecause.No other remedy more highly endorsed than Doan's Kidney Pills.Recommended hy thousandsEndorsed at home.Here's convincing testimony froma Paris citizen.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighth,street, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I had a constantdull ache acioss he small of myback and I was terribly dizzy attimes. I have used Doan's KidneyPills for this trouble and they havehelped me more than anything else,always lelieving me of the complaints." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo. N. Y. (adv)oAn education is not wholly dependent upon the experiences ofothers, nor upon one's own.oiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiWilliam K. Hagan (tuonArchitects &- EngineersrtE.-"r NATIONAL BANK PAEiy. Ky.!lllll!l!lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!ll!llllllllllllillinOEM- HONE? BACKwithout questionif Hunt's Salfails in the treatment of Eczema.Tetter, Ringworm, Itch, e!.Don't become discouraged because other treatments failedHunt's Salve has relieved hundreds of such cases. You can'tlose on our Mony BachGuarantee. Try it at our rikTODAY. Price 75c atFor Sale by,l obbrdorper;IThe only way to get that whichyou think you can't get, is to workfor it.oHOW DIPHTHERIA IS C0N' . TRACTEDOne often hears the expression,"My child caught a severe coldwhich developed into diphtheria,"when the truth was that the coldhad simply 'left the little one particularly susceptible -to the wanderingdiphtheria germ. If your child hasa cold when diphtheria is prevalentyou should take him out of schooland keep him off the street untilfully recovered, as there is a hundred times more danger of his taking diphtheria when he has a cold.When Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis given iU-quickly cures the. coldand lessens the danger of diphtheriaor any other germ disease beingcontracted. I r' ' - ' -, (adv)In Cincinnati, O.Women's and Misses' WearingApparel at Prices that are Lower9emrFifth at RaceUpon Irwin's rests the distinction of being the .largest Women's and Misses' Specialty Storein Cincinnati, a part of a great organizationthat buys in tremendous quantities the most desirable apparel, thereby getting the advantageof lower prices. At Irwin's is sold apparel ofthe highest grade at prices that are lower thanyou would expect for such delightful apparel.On the sixth floor are well-appointed restrooms which you are cordially invited to makeuse of when in Cincinnati.Tht. Store of Personal Service"i& r5?i f ?.fuiu j. "r- . ,.- if-Y--IWI. fDruggist, . Paris, Ky.Jr1 " .:l3Pri.-r)f, i--. i- s'.nSV H.Vj.y--51v, - -r? -NPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS,KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRIL 30, lf2.XI.' VkrHILLERSBURGMrs. 0. E. Hurst is visitingSex sister, Mrs. Woolums, at Muniey Ind.Mrs. Letton Vimont entertain(A a number of herTacsday afternoon.. Mrs. R. C. Borner returnedMonday after a several days' visit torelatives at Falmouth.Miss Bell, of the Graded School,viir spend Saturday and Sunday aljfcer home in Cynthiana.Mrs. G. B. Cromwell, of Washington, D. C, is the guest of hersfeter, Mrs. S. E. Bruce.There v. ill be a ball game Sat-in-dayafternoon, M. M. I. vs. CarSsler on M. M. I. grounds.Mrs. Burgoyne, of Maysville, J""- m J 'i e ar.'. aboutfcrqther. Mr. E. D. Baldwin.f Miss Brunice Borner wasamong the number from here whoattended the E. K. A. at Louisville,3ast week.Mrs. W. W. Hutchison, of Nep3on, was the guest of her cousin,Mr. R. M. Caldwell, and family,"VTednesdaj and Thursday.Mrs. G. C. Watkins entertainedWednesday afternoon with bridge,Mason, and Mr. Clarence Riggs, sonof Mr. 'and Mrs. M. Riggs, both ofMillersburg, were quietly united inmarriage Tuesday afternoon inParis, by Rev. W. E. Ellis. The! young couple will make their homefor the present with his parents.Dr. M. B. Adams, President ofGeorgetow-n College, will preachthe baccalaureate sermon for thelady friends 1 class of 1920 of the M. C, on Sun-aay, iuay za. juuge unas. abh, uiLexington, will deliver the baccalaureate address on Tuesday morning, May' 25. See later issues ofTHE NEWS for .further commencement notes. 'The remains of Mrs. SarahTrigg were interred in MillersburgCemetery, Wednesday, at 11:30 a.m. Mrs. Trigg died at the home ofher daughter, Mrs. Wm. Swartz, atCynthiana, Monday afternoon, inher 81st year. She sustained a fallsix weeks ago, which hastenedher death. She is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Wm. Swartz, of Cynthiana, a-nd one brother, A. C. Ball,of Millersburg.The stock barn of P. L. Dimmett was struck by lightning . at11:00 p. m. Monday, and entirelydestroyed by fire, with all of itscontents. There was a small insurance on the barn. The contents ofthe barn was largely the property of5li honor or tne approac-mng marri- ; E D Baldwillj wll0 has lived on theage of Miss Mildred Bruce. iDimmett farm since last November,Mrs. M. E. Pruett was called to u-. ., Afvs nimiTlfitt havine: movedJianford, Wednesday, where she at- j tQ 'tQWJ1 at that time Mr Baldwinlost one cow and calf, two head offcenoed the funeral of her sister-in-3fcw, Mrs. Thos. Chanslor, on Thurfacfey. Mr. and Mis. C. C. Clarke lcrlThursday for their new home atOlythia, Mis- They are among ourzsast prominent people and we rzjet to give them up.Mr. and Mrs. R C. Borner at- 1tended the funeral of their sister-in-law,Mrs. B. B. Borner, in Cincinnati, Thursday. They will resurn home this evening.Miss Eva Mason, youngest jdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M.horses, one pony, some plows, about$200 worth of harness, one newwagon, and about sixty barrels ofcorn. His loss will amount to abouL$2,000. No insurance.WOOL WANTED.Highest market price. CallHarvey Hibler, at mule barn,for sacks and twine.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(apr20-2mo)1KBNOTICE!I Owing to . the increase in my opjticalbusiness I amcompelled to discontinue thejewelry business entirely, and will nowspecialize only in the practice 'of optometry (testing eyes and fitting glasses).CJ I thank my patrons for past favors - andsolicit their future patronage.Fourteen years practical experience. Seeme and see right.DR. O. L. FRYEEYESICMT SPECIALISTBoth Phones Paris,Ky.i - .ITHE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND fl Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax - 3cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 3tcTODAY, FRIDAYWILLIAM DESMONDIN"The Blue Bandana"Fate dumps him off at the wrong station and he falls into a trap. He untangles mystery after mystery with the aid ofa country flame. He brings the crooks tolight and wins happiness for himself andthe girl he loves.Also JACK DEMPSEYin "DAREDEVIL JACK"Tomorrow, Saturday , Monday, May 3indium wAfiwi MARY MILES MINTERIN"An Adventure in Hearts"A two-fisted star in a big, smashingromance of love struggle and intrigue.alsoAlsoSnub" Pollard ComedyRaise tjie Rent"HAROLD LLOYDin the new $100,000.00 Special Two-ReelComedy"Bumping Into Broadway""Nurse Marjorie"AlsoMACK SENNETT COMEDY"His Last False Step"and Pathe ReviewGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Evening' a 4 4 a 444ftDEATHS.TRIGG.The funeral of Mrs Sarah BallTrigg, aged eighty, who died at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. W. G.Swartz, in Cynthiana, Monday, fromthe effects of injuries sustained in afall, -asN held Wednesday, with services conducted at the family residence by Rev. C. W. Elsey. The bodywas taken to Millersburg for interment in the Millersburg Cemetery..The pall-bearers were Durbin Wilson, E.S. Wills, D. R. Kimb rough.James McMurtry, Sr., Green Leerand W. P. Humphrey. See Millers,burg itemsHEAITH BOARD'S ORDERMERCHANTS OF PARISTOWASSON.Mrs. Eva Wilson Wasbon, agedseventy-two, died Wednesday morning at her home, on Montgomeryavenue, in Versailles, of the infirmities of age. Mrs. Wasson was anathe of Bourbon county, where shespent her girlhood days. She issurvived by her hu&ban, and by onesister, Mrs. Jasper Offutt, of nearParis.The funeral will be held at thLfamily home at ten o'clock thtsmorning,'' with services conductedby Rev. E'. C. Lynch, pastor of theVere allies Presbyterian church. Thebody will be brought to Faris. wherethe interment will take place inthe family lot in the Paris Cemeteryat 1:30 o'clock, this afternoon.Kentucky Democrats, YouAre Entitled to ExpressYour PreferenceIF you have a choice for the I Always-iemocrjincnominauonior .1 cX SK any union labor leader about'President, you are entitled to ex--jress it, Kentucky Democrats.But you have but one chance to doYou haVe been called to meet inman conventions in your county seatsat 2 o'clock, Saturday afternoon, May1or the purpose of registering yourice.Neglect the opportunity thus offered,Md your county delegates without instructions, and your one chance to exercise your sovereign right of sayingwho will be your standard-bearer inXavembcr has slipped away.ExerciseYour PrerogativeWILL you delegate your franchiseto a few men in the crisis whichconfronts your party and your countryr, will you assert your prerogative asJU citizen and a Democrat to chooseyur leader?That you may be able to registeryur choice intelligently these factsbout the candidate Ohio Democracylias put forward, as a man whom the.Cwiius of America has trained for justthis hour, are presented.ATypicallyAmerican CareerlORN on a farm "'of poor but hon-st parents' James M. Cox bc-a teacher, then newspaper re-then an editor, then secretaryt a Congressman, then owner of apwMperouc newspaper property, then amember of Congnsss, and then Gov-rnsr of Ohjo the only Democrat ever. sleeted to that office three times.BGovernor Cox and he will tell youthat no man or group control him, thathe is always on the square.Ask the business men of Ohio andthey will tell you that he understandsbusiness problems and that he hascourage and ability for any emergency.Ohio's VotesAre NeededoHIO'S electoral votes are neededthis year; Cox can swing themfor Democracy.To the Merchants or Paris:You are especially ordered to putyour business properties in good sanitary condition "within the nextseven days. 'This means not onlythe back yards, where every conceivable ill material is bulked, butthe inteiior of your business houses,meat shops, groceries, confectionery,bakeiies and fish and, fruit standsmust put their places in good sanitary condition and keep them agreeable to this order or prosecutionwill follow.From the date of publication ofthis notice no merchant willbe permitted to expose for sale anyvegetables, meats, fish, fruit or otherperishable pioducts used for eatingpurposes unless properly screened orcovered in such a manner as to prevent the possibility of the entranceof flips or other insects which maybe disease carriers.Many having failed to complywith the "Clean-Up Day" effort, arenow ordered by the Board to do sowithout delay. This refers to property owners generally throughoutthe city. All manner of rubbish,garbage, etc., comes under thisorder.C. G. DAUGHERTY,JO. S. VARDBN,A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the CityBoaid of Health.(?,3apr-4t)oGo to the mass convention inyour county seat at 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon, May 1, and select as your delegates representative forward-looking Democrats,L who hold good government andthe interest of the party paramount to all else, and instructthem to support the candidacyof Governor James M. Cox.Women are entitled to representation and to express theirpreference and are urged to attend the convention.Let the country know whereKentucky Democracy stands.State Headquarters, Tenth Floor ThoSeelbach, Louisville, Ky.HOPKINS.Following- a protracted illnessof several months duration, due to astroke of paralysis sustained lastAugust, James Hopkins, aged seventy, one of the most prominentfarmers and livestock dealers ofBourbon county, died at his home onthe Jackstown pike, near LittleRock, Tuesday afternoon at twoo'clock.Mr. Hopkins was a native of thiscounty, and was a son of the lateMi. 'and Mrs. Robert Hopkins.'pioneer lesident of the Little Rock vicinity. He uas for many years associated in business with his father,making semi-annual trips to theSoul-hern markets with large ship-mp.nts of mules. He had resided 1in the same vicinity all his life, andwas highly respected and esteemedby all who knew him. He was foithree terms a valued member of theBourbon Fiscal Court as Magistratefrom his precinct. He took an active interest in politics and stoodhigh in the councils of the Democratic party. He was a member ofthe Little Rock Christian church,and was known as one of the 11103 1active workers in that body.Mr. Hopkins is survived by hiswidow, who was before her marriageMiss Dora Richards, and four sons,Robert Hopkins, of North Middletovn, Joseph and Charles Hopkins,-who have had charge of the farmfor the past few years, and EverettHopkins, of Little Rock, also by onesister, Mrs. Ray Cunningham, ofClintonville, and two brothers,Richard and Benj. Hopkins, of thesame vicinity.The funeral was held at the family residence yesterday afternoon attwo o'clock, with services conductedi,by Rev. Ward Russell, pastor of theLittle Rock Christian cnurcn. rueburial followed on the family lot inthe North Middletown Cemetery,'r'he pail-bearers were: Active! -James C. Bryan, Thos. J. Juay, Wallace W. Mitchell, Charles Meng,William Parker and J. Elmer Board-man: 101101 ary iiiusen laiivu,Charles R. Walls, F. F. Burris, RosierH. Burris, Emmett Wasson and W.D. Meyeis.As we gather it, when a womanis raising several children she candoll herself up in six seconds.And it has just about got so inthis country that if a woman's husband is a loafer she finds it out.THE UNIVERSAL CARFord Delivery Cars are used in fleets by manyof the largest business firms of the country.This is because the Ford Delivery Car hasjsolvedthe problem of safe and quick delivery with thesmallest possible expense. Easy to understand,easy to drive, and durable. A faithful servantgiving years of faithful service. We can giveyou any style of body you want. One thing issure every retail merchant will make moneyby having a Ford Delivery Car. Comein. Let'stalk it over. We assure you genuine Fordservice with genuine Ford parts.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.JBMMWC? MyIPJohnson N. Camden, Chairman."Carry the Country With Coxif-o-SrEARS MILL ITEMS.Mr. Hallie Hudnall has returned fioni a visit to his sister, Mrs.Joe Napier, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Harney wereguests Sunday of their daughter,Mrs. Wilburn Crump, of near NorthI Middletown.There will be preaching at thisplace Sunday morning and nigM byRev. 'Bell, of Georgetown.The pupils and 'teacher of thepublic school will give an entertainment in the school building to-high rat 7:30 o'clock. Everybody invitedto attend. Admission -15 cents.0KECENT STOCK DEALSAt Mt. Sterling" Henry S. Caywoocl.'of Bourbon county, purchased of JM. Andeison", for Swift & Co., thirty;-ix 1,400-pound cattle at $"1-.50 "al.undied Mr. Cay wood also boughtof A. S. Hart 6Ucattle at 13 3 'centsn pound for July delivery. Catesby'Woodford bought, of T. P. Suttoiitwenty-ttirre 1,550-pound cattle for12Yi cents a pound. w61prmgtimeStylesiTAsand Oxfordshat Combine Style; Quality and EconomyPeople who appreciate real shoe values always buy theirfootwear at our store because they know that here theyfind better styles, greater assortments, and at a greatsaving in price.See These Extraordinary Special ValuesLadies Spring Pumps and Oxfords,medium and high heels, -hand turnedsoles, in patent and glazed kid, $6.50values atS3Ladies' Spring Style DarK Tan JEnglishLace Oxfords. Glazed Kid High andLow Heel Oxfords and Pumps, $7.50values at$4.9999 " f-eSj 'mS I r"Vb yS K 6i'fefr-tfe.EXTRA SPECIAL OFFERINGof high grade beautiful and newest style Pumps and Oxfords in tanand black leathers, a large variety of styles, $8.50 values at$5.99Ladies Tan and Blackfords,v$5.00 valuesSpecial at -...Lace Ox-$3.49Men's New Spring Shoes .ar.d Oxfords in tan and black gun metal,$8.50 values. Special at5.95Misses and Children's Spring Oxfords. English styles. Sizes 11 1-2 to 2 at. . . .$2.99Sizes 9 to 11 at : $2.'4SGrowing .Girls' and Ladies' LowHeel Pumps and Patent Strap Slippers, all sizes. Special at$2.99Men's $6.00 English and MediumToe Oxfords, in gun metal. Special at '.$3.Boys' and Youths' High Grade in iOShoes and Oxfords, $5.50 values, C 4 mall styles. Special at r . . iPUiUDAN COHENT-5s, Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignMJktaxmttmm tTKmS -s-I, 2 t-,-H'J.J:V;N-,.,