rVTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY US' THE YEAR.'VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1920WIDOW ENDS IIFE xWITH SHOT-'.WATCH THE CHIPS FLY WHENGUN.After the other members of theWOMEN VOTEIf women vote in Kentucky nextfamily had retired for the night, fall, watch the chips fly from theMrs. Elizabeth Rogers, aged fifty, ajold family chopping-block outsidewidow, suicided Friday night at the the Log Cabin! Miss Laura ClayTOBACCO MARKETS$home of her brother, Thomas Holliday, on the Waller farm, -nearHutchison, by shooting herself with& shotgun, death ensuing instantly.Mrs. Rogers had recently returned from a Cincinnati sanitarium,where she had been under treatmentfor nervous troubles. Her brother,Thomas Holliday had gone to Clarkcounty on a business mission, leaving her with other members of thefamily. Mrs. Rogers gave -no intention of her purpose, and nothing outof the ordinary was observed in her-conduct. Sometime in the night she-arose and securing the shotgun belonsrinor to her brother, placed aand her colleagues from Lexington,who have been in Frankfort advocating the cause of State suffrage,are on the war path. They do morethan hint that the Republican administration, elected with an impliedpledge "to pass State suffrage immediately, and a direct commitment tothe issue in a platform plank, istrying to sidestep, due to the factthat only two4 State amendmentsmay be submitted at one session.Despite agreeing to a deal to report the amendment in the Housefavorably from the Committee onConstitutional Amendments, the Republicans tried to recommit the res-The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold yesterday a total of 175,4 85 pounds of tobacco for $55,972.82, an average of $31.89. Thequality of the offerings was poor andthe market steady, grade prices remaining about as at the sales at theclose of last week's market.MA,?SEHv RESIGNS AS SECKE-PROGRESSKfG NICELYthe 'FEBRUARY 25.loaded shell in it and returned to her i olution when it was reported out bybed. Placing the muzzle of the gun . Representative Will T. Beckham,to her abdomen, she pulled the trig- j Shelby county, Democrat, and chair-ger with her toe. The shot tookeffect in her abdomen, ranging upinto the heart. None of the familyheard the report of the gun, andnnthinsr was known of the act untilSaturday morning, when Mr. Holli- (day went to his sister's room to canher for breakfast.Coroner Rudolph Davis was immediately notified, and going to theHolliday home, viewed the body andconducted an investigation. A jurywas impaneled, and after hearingthe result of the investigation, rendered a verdict to the effect thatMrs. Rogeis came to her deathfrom gunshot wounds self-inflictedwith suicidal intent.Mrs. Rogers was the widow ofChas. A. Robegs, and was a daughter of Benjamin F. and AnnaBrown Holliday, of Clark county.She is survived by her mother, Mrs.Amanda E. Holliday; two brothers.Thomas H. Holliday, of Bourboncounty, and Milton W. Holliday, ofClark" county. -The body was taken to Clarkcounty from the undertaking establishment of W. R. Milward, in Lexington, yesterday morning, to theold family burying ground, nearWinchester, where funeral servicesvere conducted at the grave at twotiv vactprriav afternoon. Thepall-bcarers were Ben Goodwin,Daid Holliday, Robert Couchman,Jesse Couchman and Benj. Couchman. NEXCELLENT SAVING PROPOSI-TION-SXCELS ANYTHINGYOU CAN FIND.Don't let the first of March slipby without having taken stock withthe People's Building and Loan Ascrvointion. We have a saving proposition for small investors that excelsanything vou can find elsewnere.Call at our office at People's Deposit Bank and Trust Co. and takeman of the committee, last week.This in spite of the fact that allmembeis of the committee had signed the report.Representative A. L. Hamilton,Democrat, Fayette county, appealedto the House to vote this motiondown, relating the facts about hisagreement, and twelve Republicansbroke away from the administrationwhip and voted with the Democrats,giving them a sufficient margin toadvance the bill to first reading.This repudiation of an agreementdid not meet with favor among thebetter element of Republicans whoresent the curt giving of orders bythe administration on every point,especially emphasized as it is byhaving: to take their directions fromJoe mz'arus, of Louisville, who ison his feet every five minutes, apparently, making some motion orother. The role of jumping jackdoes not appeal to some of the ruralRepublicans, who are beginning toinquire the terms of the deal whereby Louisville was put in the saddle.-o-MAKE YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONLIBERAL.Whtn the solicitors call, forwe need the money to finishthe campaign for the hospital.At the sale held Friday at theFayette Tobacco Warehouse No. 2.in Lexington, Taylor and Hinton, ofBourbon county, sold a crop of 5,015pounds, which averaged $64.85.A total of 151,055 pounds of tobacco went .under the auctioneer'shammer at the sale held by theBourbon Tobacco .Warehouse Co.Friday, bringing a money value of$47,064.52, a floor average of $31.15. The quality of the offeringsvas poor. About the best sale ofthe day was that of a crop of 2,485pounds beinging to Hefflin & Fugatewhich averaged $62.40. TheNew Independent Warehouse No. 1disposed of a total of 236,030pounds for $71,143.07, a floor average of $30.10. At this sale the cropof Plujmmer, McClure and Jones, 1,F95 pounds, sold for an average of?76.06.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND THE GRAND.To-day, Tuesday, February 17William Russell, in "The LincolnHighwavman;" William Duncan, in"Smashing Barriers;" SunshineComedy, "The Footlight Maids."To-morrow, Wednesday, February18. Billie Burke, in "Sadie Love;"ttmVc nf The Dav: Bray Pictro-graph; Prizma Color Picture, "ThePetrified Forest."Thursday, February 19. "WilliamRussell, in "Six Feet Four;" PatheReview: vott-a-vu :uovifc&.The Paris market was rather inactive the past week, and pricestook a decided slump, due to thelarge amount of low grade stuff inthe offerings. For the week theBourbon Tobacco .Warehouse Co.sold a total of 995,795 pounds,which represented a money value of$340,269.70, a floor average of $34.17. During the same period theNew Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co. disposed of a total of551,000 pounds for $184,950.42, alioor average of $35.53. For theseason to date the Bourbon Company has sold a total of 6,634,595pounds, for a total of $3,079,635.18,a season average of $46.42. Duringthe season the New Independent Co.sold a total of 4,331,995 pounds for$2,038,013.41, a season average of$47.07. On the Paris market thisseason there has been disposed of todate a combined total of 10,966,500pounds for $5,118,548.59, a seasonaverage of $46.92."IUI rt in. tic UYttl na.lL OI me Work at MillprsKnrP- Tnafitiitoamount raised, the campign for the will be resumed about February 25rMassie Memorial Hospitol fund is according to a statement issued byprogressing nicely, and the indica-; Col. C. M. Best, principal,tions are that the generous people The following summary of theof this community will not let the j situation at M. M. I., is included inmatter fall through. The response ithe statement:to the call has been a very ready "There has been but one case ofone. Had not the sleet storm of i "flu" at M- M- L that a teachersome weeks ago interfered, demoral-! Jv10 returned from Atlanta, whereijJingr the telephone service and ren-lhls 51?ter derwent a dangerouscoring the county roads all but im- Peratl?- . He w isolated, and ispassible, the campaign would have Snif "mnS. ? bett ShaP.e and t?6 fUnd ' "There are two cases of mildmuch larger than at present. form of mumps, They also are iso-On account of the high cost of jiated and show no signs of develop-every thing that plays an important mg anything else.part in the maintenance of the Hos- i "There are ten cases of what ispuai, tne institution is in dire need ; thousrht to be scarlet fever. Thevofefunds this year more than ever.1114; order to meet this deficiencyand to make necessary improvements covering a period of the nextlive years public spirited citizenshave taken the matter up, and havedetermined that the institutionshall be saved to Paris. We mustare under the care of three professional nurses and doing very well.Five of these were taken home inclosed cars the first of last weekand the others the latter part."There are no other cases of sickness in the school whatever nor hasthere been.have a thoroughly-equipped hospital j . "My doctor informs me that wewhere our sick may be taken to re- I may safely resume the school aboutceive attention. The Massie Memo-the 25th of this month and we canrial Hospital has become known finish our full year's work by thethroughout Central Kentucky as i middle of June.tvi; uavc ciii)iujtu a. uiiu mui.one of the best institutions of itskind, and it will not do to let itsuffer for lack of funds. The Hospital is now full and, on account ofa shortage of nurses, can not receiveany more patients. In the last fewdays three nurses have gone to theirhomes, Misses Cora Fisher and PearlReese to Henderson, N. C, and MissAnne Hopkins, to Cincinnati, whereshe will be married to-day.TARY OF STATE.Robert Lansing resigned as Sec- -retaryof State. Friaav nieht. Mr.Lansing left office because he wascharged by President Wilson with.assuming the prerogatives of theChief Executive during the past fourmonths in calling and presidingover meetings of the Cabinet.His resignation, tendered in a letter under date of February 12 to thePresident, was accepted by the latter and became effective at once.Under Secretai-y of State Frank Polkis the ad-interim head of the StateDepartment, and may be named asAir. Lansing's successor.The entire correspondence between the President and Mr. Lansingwas made public Friday afternoon atthe State Department. The letters,because of the gravity of the chargebrought against Mr. Lansing by tSPresident, constitute one or" themost amazing chapters in the historyof any administration of the republic. Since the first appointment ofCabinet members in 1914 there havebeen ten resignations as follows:James Clark, Reynolds, Attorney- -General;William Jennings Bryan,Secretary of State; Lindley M. Garrison, secretary of war; WilliamGibbs McAdoo, Secretary of themakes a specialty of fumigating in- Treasury; Thomas W. Gregory, At-stitutions and everything will be torney-General ; William C. Red-made safe for the return of the ca- field, Secretary of Commerce: Car-dets. ter Glass, Secretary cf Treasury;"The management of M. M. I. will David Franklin Houston, Secretarycontinue in the future, as in the of Agriculture; Franklin Knightpast, to take every possible care ofcadets.""C. M. BEST, Principal."oThe following is an additional list, pARIS -jqjj SCHOOL DEFEATSof subscriptions to the fund since jour last statement:Benj: Woodford $25.00Misses Owens 10.00Dan Jordan 10.00J. L. Horton 10.00C. S. Goldstein 15.00H. Margolen & Co 10.00Catlett Buckner 25.00Aylette Buckner 50.00Robert. J. Shea 5.00o zAMERICAN LEGION TO RECEIVECERTIFICATES.ARMENIAN AND AMERICAN LEGION CAMPAIGNS PRO-mT?ccrKrn - 4n - -n VI J&XJtJUJi VSome time ago the French Government, desiring to honor the memoryof the American soldiers, who fellon the field of battle in behalf ofthe fight for humanity and the betterment of the world, had a seriesof beautifully designed certificateseng,ravcd, which are to be presentedinose w-aorfwnhe nextofkin ofdied in the war.Those certificates have been engraved and engrossed with thenames of the Bourbon county menwho were in the service. TheLane, Secretary of Interior; RobertLansing, Secretary of State.FRANKFORT HIGH.In the presence of a large crowdof "rooters" and good friends of thetwo teams the Paris High Schoolboys' and girls' basket ball teamsscored a double victory over theFrankfort teams on the local floorFriday .night.The game between the boysteams resulted in a scose of 54 to 6in favor of Paris. The game wasA REAL SPECIAL.Oklahoma Pecans in the shell atj 25 cents per pounds while they last.Better get in on this special.(13-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.CENTENNIAL CONVENTION OSSEVENTH DISTRICT CLUBSrefereed by Marshall Adams, of theGeorgetown College team. Thegirls' game brought victory to theParis team by a score of . 20 to 6.Miss Sarah Blanding coach of theUniversity of Kentucky team, .actedas referee.oC .- r r vecG. W. WILDER, President. Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoon followingF. W. GALLOWAY, Sec'y. iaud cvening. j pointed toThe membership ''campaign recently inaugurated in this city andcounty by Bourbon Post No. 30,American Legion, is going well, andx u i -u jju;nn rpromises io resuii in uuii ciuuiuiu.i Ui . ... . d hw. - v - : wivijviitiviiuii " w .. , vmcuiucio. , -...k .&fcFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGtftaPolo CoatsSuitsrk-Silk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and -Batiste-.Waists - $Plain' and Fancy Skirtsja large number of newAt the meeting of the Legion, held lin the court house Friday night, thecommitteemen were apsupervise the work ofthe campaign: Dr. Milton J. btern,Dr. Avonia Kiser. William Collins,t Hiram Roseberry, Joseph Letcher.The Red Cross rooms in the FirstNational Bank building will be usedas headquarters. Sunday night atthe Presbyterian church, the pastor,Rev. T. S. Smylie, who has seenlarge service as chaplain during theworld war, delivered an inspiringaddrcs to a large audience on thesubject of "The 75,000 Dead; ThenMessage To Us." A large number ofex-service men were in the audience.The address was full of deepthought and was listened to withthe closest attention by all.The Near East" Relief Fund campaign, to help relieve the distress in jArmenia and other striCKen countries of the far East, which was inaugurated here last week, is progressing favorably under the guidance of Miss Olivia Orr, chaiman,and Miss Mary Spears, treasurer.There will be an abundant opportunity offered to" all to contribute tothis most worthy cause, and nonebhould hesitate to do so. The campaign is officered by such men asformer President Wm. H. Taft, Herbert Hoover, Charles Evans Hughesand Elihu Root. The ArmenianRed Cross does not operate in thesef.elds for which aid is sought, buta charter has been granted to theNear East Relief organization, whichif. endeavoring to bring America tothe rescue of stricken Armenia.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, next Sunday afternoon, February 22. A special musical program will be a feature of theoccasion. The place where the presentation will be made will be announced at a later date. A cordialinvitation is extended to the generalpublic to attend this service, whichwill be an especially interestingone.The Centennial Convention o'f theSeventh District of the KentuckyFederation of Women's Clubs willbe held at the University of Kentucky Chapel, in Lexington, on Friday, February 27. The Woman's'Club of the University of Kentuckyj will be hostessess. The programi -will open with an address by Pres-FURNI-tident Frank L. McYey, of the UniIversity. Mrs. S. P. Boyd, presidentof the Woman's Club of the Univer--ONE-FOURTH OFFTURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we are sity of Kentucky, will deliver thmaking reductions of 25 0n'address .fw1?lcome; tcl f1 At,n . ...:. A ..J ..i-s sponse will be made by Mrs. Alheall furniture and everything sith DickS0n, of North Middleelse in Our Store, in order to town. Under the call for reports ofraise cash and to make room Department Chairmen of the Statefor Spring goods. , Federation. Mrs. Fanniebelle Suth-F M wucci co . erland, of Paris, will report onu b -t ' "Civics." Reports of committees,Robneel Building, discussions and addresses will make(feb!3-4t) up a Well-rounded program.LET'S FINISH THIS WEEK.There is a crying need for atleast $7,000 to finish the $20,000campaign for the Massie Hospital, so do not hesitate to subscribe liberally when the solicitors call.FRANK & CO.REPORT OF LETTON SALECood prices were realized Saturday at the sale of livestock, crop,etc., belonging to Mrs. Lou Letton,conducted on the premises,on the Jacksto r pike, nearPaiis, by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. The attendance was good,and everything offered was eagerlybid for. Sheep brought $17 perhead; one sow and pigs, $86; cows,S35 to $160; -heifers, $35 to $55;four calves, $36 per head; horses.$30 to $85; one pair mules. $500;100 chickens for. $200; corn incrib sold for $8.50 to ?10 per barrel, farming implements and household furniture brought satisfactoryprices.MULES BRING HIGH PRICESt tiio rmhlir pnlfis of mules belonging to John Marr, of this coun,- jtv lipid in the McClintock barns on ISouth Main street last week, a pair joi wellmatchod mare mules sold for$910, said to have been the highestnripp realized for mules in thiscountv for many years. Other' mulesin pairs sold for $600 to $750 apair, several smgie mines -wu lui$250 to $450 a head. Tiie saie wao jconducted by Auctioneer George D. jSpeakes. . joHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE )MEETHUi.WE KNOW HOWSPEED LIMIT. CASE POSTPONEDTO FEBRUARY 24.On account of the absence of certain witnesses whose testimony waswanted, the case of Rev. J.. H. Taylor, colored minister, charged withexceeding the automobile speedlimit ordinance, was postponed Saturday, in the County Court, toTuesday.. February 24.Rev. Taylor was nargcu vvimha vino- ovr.eeded the speed limitj when driving his car on he LexingI ion pike near Internrban stop 45,I when his car collided with an auto-i mobile belonging to Mrs pnneii, oi lhe Bourbon countv Health and;j Fayette county, en route to Paris Welf jue wm have a business ,The.Fennoll car was badly damaged n followed by a social hour,in the collision, but tjie occupants . K:f, rt , rpcidencn of.escaped injury. The -PVosecutjo j : Mrg Jame3 McCJure, on Vine 'street, iwas represented by County Attornej three 0.cloclCf Thursday after-'D. D. Cline, wnno .iv.ugvi uuin-Dnnd'on represented the defendant.noon, February 19.. -o.ftLADIES' OUTFITTERSBASKET BALL GAME.i The Paris High School team.?,bovs and girls, will play the Mays-'vifle teams on the local Y. M. C. A.'-ymnasium floor, at 7:30 o'clockFridav night, February 2,0. The'i earns" are in excellent condition-Mid interesting games are expectedTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The New York tailor, who namedhis parrot Billy Bryan, had a finesense of the appropriate and theridiculous, that is if the bird ismuch given to talking. lie maysoon be minus a pet, though, by itstalking -its head off. which manypeople hope his namesake wm UJ tbefore" very long.PresentrDay Conditions AreSweeping Away Many PrejudicesTHIS IS ESPECIALLY NOTICEABLEIN CONNECTION WITHStein-BlochSmart ClothesMen who have never before given the matter muchthought have put all ready-to-wear clothes in the sameclass. They're naturally prejudiced,Ready-to-wear clothes in general did not have anenviable reputation. Now comes the necessity for economy and for the elimination of extravagance.Conditions of to-day make men think. And themore thought they give to the matter, the better theycan and do reedgnize the superiority of Stein-Bloch SmartClothes at ordinary ready-to-wear prices. ,EVERYTHINGYour Custom Tailor Can Give Youand Then Someis to be found in Stein-Bloch Smart Clothes. There is nofiner tailoring anywhere. The materials are of the yeryhighest quality throughout. The styles set the standardsfor America's real red-blooded men.ii--. I . ! ,- . J I.-..M - .MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE ;. . Mrrt.1-hj"PACK TWOTHK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, . KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 192fiBfell "Armed"!1 IWhen company comesthsre is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofLUBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She knows itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved ofneiaily by theU. S. Food Authorities.You save vbca you bay it.Yoc save when you use it.dThis country may have to go towar with Mexico yet to give JackDerapsey a chance to clear his record. Aetna AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesr iA. J. FEEAGENTBRIGHTER-EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresf a home, or makes life moreworth living", than a well illumiaated house.'1 UseGlee trie ityTor CigbtmgIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sasformating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFjtr the Use f BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.' i (IneonAteiS3GROWN PRINCE WANTS TO BE"SUBSTITUTE."WASHINGTON, February 16.Former Crown Prince Frederick William of Germany, in a personallytransmitted cable to President Wilson, offers himself as a sacrifice tothe allies in lieu of the 900 Germansthe allies have demanded to be ervenup for trial.His message was sent from Weiringen Island, Holland, and similarcablegrams are understood to havebeen forwarded to the Kincrs of England, Belgium and Italy, the Emperor oi Japan and the .f resident ofFrance. The message to PresidentWilson follows:"Mr. President: The demand forthe delivery of Germans of evervwalk of life acain has confronted mvcountry, sorely tried by four yearsoi war and one year of severe internal strucrgles with a crisis that iswithout precedent in the history ofthe world as affecting the life of anation."That a Government can be foundin Germany which would carrv outthe demand surrender is out of thequestion: the conseauences to Europe of an enforcement of the demand by violence are incalculable:hatred and revenge would be madeeternal."As the former successor to thethrone of my fatherland I am willing, at this tateful hour, to stand upfor my compatriots. If the Alliedand Associated Governments desirea victim, let them take me instead ofthe iiOO Germans, who have committed no offense other than that ofserving their country in the war.WILLIAM."What action the President mighttake on the message, which presumably was identical wjth that reportedin Amsterdam dispatches, as sent tothe rulers and Presidents of otherPowers opposed to Germany in thewar, was not disclosed..There was a suggestion at theWhite House that he might reply,making his message the vehicle for are-expression of the opposition totrial of the former German Emperoror other enemy officials expressedby American delegates in Paris.In certain quarters, however, theopinion prevailed that he would notacknowledge its receipt, since, it waspointed out, the United States is nota party to the treaty or a member ofthe League of Nations, and has nolegal voice in any proceedings as toextradition of German officials orofficers for trial.The message did not come throughState Department channels, but direct from the refuge in Holland ofthe former German heir apparent. Ithas not come officially to the attention of Secretary Robert Lansing,and he would not comment on it inany way.It was indicated, however, that anvaction Mr. Wilson might take withregard to it would be more of a personal observation on the situationthan an official expression.TO RESIGN PLACEFailing Health Cause ofHowry's Giving UpPosition.Prof.Prof. E. A. Lowry, of 412 Woodland avenue, Chattanooga, Tenn.,who has been identified with someof the leading business colleges ofthe South, says he feels it his dutyto give-out a statement about thebenefits he has derived from the useof Tanlac. In relating his experience with, the famous medicine Prof.Lowry says:"I have been a teacher for thirtyyears, and twenty years of that timeI was afflicted with indigestion. Ihave been treated by many specialists in different places where I havelived, but none of them was able torelieve my sufferings. I got intosuch a miserable state that I had toresign my position with the Chattanooga Business College, for I wasunable to go on with my work."One of my friends in a neighboring city where I was visiting recommended Tanlac to me, and the results after taking it have been marvelous. Before taking Tanlac I wastoo weak to lift or carrv anvthin?heavy or even to walk any distancewiuiout getting sick and faint.Now I feel like a new man. can liftand carry quite heavy articles andmy stomach trouble has entirely disappeared. My appetite is snlendid.I sleep like a log and my nervousness is about all gone."Tanlac is sold in Paris atthePeople's Pharmacy.Double-entry bookkeeninir. onV.inally Italian bookkeeping, was usedby Burgo at Venice in the FifteenthCentury.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is atleast one dreaded disease that science has been able to cure in all itsstages and that is catarrh. Catarrhbeing greatly influenced'by constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken1 internally andacts through the, blood on the mucous surfaces of the system therebydestroying the foundation of thedisease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itlaus u cure, send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75 c. (feb-adv)INSTRUCTOR HiMOTION PICTURES OF LEXINGTON'S RIOT.LEXINGTON, KY., Feb. 16. Motion picture films taken during theriot here last week, will be used bythe grand jury now in session here,in identifying leaders of the mobwhich tried to take Will Lockett,negro murderer, from the officers.A complete record of the clashwas photographed on the film of atleast one operator, who continued toturn the crank of his camera evenafter J. M. Rogers, one of the victims, fell directly in front of the machine. Mayor Thomas C. Bradley announced Wednesday that no motionpictures of the riot would be shownhere if he could prevent it. He feltthat such an exhibition would unnecessarily incite the public.A conference was held Wednesdaybetween Circuit Judge Charles Kerrand Commonwealth's Attorney JohnR. Allen, but, when asked as to grandjury investigation, kept silence. Itgenerally is believed that the matterwill be left to the decision of thegrand jurors themselves.The riot death toll was increasedto six Wednesday afternoon whenJames Massengale, 36 years old, shotthrough the left lung, died. Heleaves a widow and three children.The other wounded are recovering.Lexington remained under modified martial law until Thursdaynight.Funeral services of B. F. Carrier,L. M. King and J. M. Rogers wereheld here Wednesday. Coroner Anglin conducted an inquest Fridaymorning.Shelby Armstrong, fireman onduty at Scovelle Engine House No.6, was arrested late Wednesday onorders of military authorities. Armstrong is said to have refused to allow soldiers to use a telephone in theengine house Monday night whenmartial law was in effect.A feeling of great relief has pervaded the city following the removalof Lockett to Eddyville.The best of relations existed between the soldiers on guard and thetowns people.Soldiers picked up Wednesday andmost of them had expected to be ontheir way back to Camp ZacharyTaylor that afternoon.City police Wednesday reassum,edhandling traffic and patrolling theirbeats.Major E. B. Ellis, wealthy publicspirited citizen, is being praised onall sides. Monday, after the statetroops and city officials had beenlong on duty and had restored order,he learned that many had been without food since the day before. Assoon os the streets were made passable, he had an abundant supply offood sent from the Phoenix Hotel.Major Ellis Wednesday announcedhe would give $100 to head a fundfor benefit of Patrolman JohnClancy, who was so badly woundedin the left arm during the riot thathis arm had to be amputated.It is understood here that GovernorMorrow will seek passage of a billto grant the Clancy family a pensionof $5,000.o..t-,-,,.,!..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,t!itrSTOMACH 0. K.Tf Indigestion, Acidity, SournessJ and Gases ended withI "Pape's Diapepsin"---- ""...i.Ht..,..,..,JLMillions of people know that it isneedless to be bothered with indigestion, dyspepsia or a disorderedstomach. A few tablets of Pape'sDiapepsin neutralize acidity anagive relief at once.When your jmeals don't fit andyou feel uncomfortable, when youbelch gases, acids or raise sour, undigested food. When you feel lumpsof indigestion pain, heartburn orheadache, from acidity, just eat atablet of Pape's Diapepsin and thestomach distress is gone.The cost is so little. The benefits so great. You, too, will be aDiapepsin enthusiast afterwards.(adv)oRICHMOND PRAISES THE DER-S0N MUSICAL FIVE.The Derson Musical Five whofilled a remarkably successful threeweeks' engagement at the local picture houses, "caught" the people ofRichmond and won their favor, accoiding to the following from' theDaily Richmond Register:"T-he patrons of the local theaIroh win miss the good music which1ms; liPPn rivpv hv fha Tinr-a ci;..during the past two weeks' engagement miss ward contracted for(heir appearance in this city for oneweek, but so pleased was everyoneby their work that she kept themover for this week, and on Saturday nigh i they finished their contract in this city. The entire company is comprised of artists withMr. Jack Robins playing the banjo,VIis Grace Graves at the piano, E.P. Ritchie, drums, Miss Helen Derson, violinist and Mr. E. P.Dersor.,saxophone. A return engagementwill be welcomed by the music lovers of Richmond.". o 'DOLLARS AND CENTSCounting it only in dollars andcents, how much did that last coldcost you? A man may not alwaysstop work when he has a cold, butperhaps it would be better if he did.Tt takes about ten days to get completely rid of a cold under The usualtreatment. That time can bp mnoiishortened by taking Chamberlain'suougn icemedy and Droner care ofyourself, in fact, a bottle of thisTemedy m the house Is a mightygood investment during the winterand spring months.(feb-adv)COURSES OFFERED FOR SOCIALWELFARE WORK.Owing to the urgent demand fortrained leaders in social and welfarework the University of Kentucky incoropeiation with the American RedCross is offering to its advanced students a systejmptic urse of training under the Department of Economics and Sociology.The courses of - irictly technicalnature which will be offered thesecond semester are Social ServiceTraining, a lecture course and fieldwork which will be under the Pauline Wherry director of field work.For SaleA Duroc Jersey male hog; registered. Apply to(3-tf) F. B. THOMAS.Salesman WantedWanted at once, a good stocksalesman $50 per week or commission. Prefer to have man with car.DUST KETCHER MFG. CO.,(13-3t) Lexington, Ivy.FOR RENTDesk room, with use of two telephones, light and heat for desirableparty, at our place of business onMain street. Well located and verydesirable.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.FOR SALE1919 Ford Coupe, starter ..$650.001917 Ford Touring 325.001 9 7 Ford Touring 375.001917 Jeffery 7-passenger,starter 650.001917 Ford Runabout 300.00All above cars in good condition.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.,(13-3t) Paris, Ky.Used Cars For Sale.Euick Model 1914, touring.Buick Model 1917, touring.Buick Alodel 1918, touring.Overland Model 1918, touring.Dodge Model 1919, touring.Ford Model 1919, touring.Hupmobile Model 1916, touring.Franklin Model 1915, touring.Overland Model 1919, roadster.There cars are in excellent running condition and have been placed in our hands, priced for quicksale.T HE McDONALD-GIBSON CO.Citizens' Garage, opposite WindsorHotel. Both Phones 294.Public Sale!We, the undersigned agents forE. D. Rose, will sell his house andlot, located on Nineteenth andBrent streets.This is a 2-story frame building,has 6 rooms, bath complete, electriclights and gas. Concrete walks andshade trees, nice front lawn andsplendid garden.This property will be sold at public auction, Monday, February 23,at 2:30 p. m., on the premises.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(13-et) Paris, Ky.Public SaleOF r "Livestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc.We will sell at public auction, tothe highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackatown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m., rain or shine, onWednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,the following described property:One work and driving horse, 7-ears-old;One work and driving horse. 6-j ears-old;One work and driving horse, 7-years-old;One cqmbined mare, 7-years-old;One weanling mule colt;Two No. 1 cows, to be fresh onday of sale;One good red yearling heifer;One nice young sow;One .new Webber wagon withcombination frame;One new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment;One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, withtruck and three-horse hitch:One cutting harrow, with twoborse hitch; 'One Bemis tobacco setter, in goodcondition;One good Deering mower;Two steel beam breaking plow?,good as new;One new Rastus three-shovelplow;One good five-shovel plow;One good two-shovel plow:One good Moyer road wagon;One top buggy, good as new;Two sets of good buggy harness;Four sets of good farm harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stackand in barn, and fodder in field;One Improved Cream Separator,good as new, 600 pounds capacity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture;Lot of hoes', rakes, shovels andether implementsuseful on thefarm.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.REDMON & McDUFFY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.6-4t)Fpr Sale PrivatelyI offer for sale at a bargain, privately, the following:American Universal WoodworkingMachine, 2-power Boring Machine,Swing Cut-off Saw, Barn BuildingOutfit complete, 1 concrete BlockMachine and all necessary equipment. This machinery is in good working order and can be seen in myshop at Millersburg.E. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 176 (M'burg ex.)(jan30-tf) Millersburg, Ky.For Sale1 Oakland 5-passenger touringcar;1 Buick roadster;1 White truck.Tiiese machines are in good running order. Good tires. Well worthyour money.E. T. SHEELER,Cumb. Phone 176 Millersburg, Ky.(jan30-tf)Autc Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb.' Phone 891.T. Porter SmithAuctioneer, Real Estate,Stock, Personal Property.Box 90. Write for date.T. PORTER SMITH,Georgetown, Ky.(jan6-tf))LiveLockPublic Renting!We, as agents, will rent at thecourt house door,Wednesday, Feb. 18, 1920,at 2:30 p. m.f the 67 acres of landfor Mrs. Emma Isgrigg Jacoby, located on the Ruddles Mills pike,about 1 mile from Paris .Improvements consist of a 4-roomtenant house, stable and other outbuildings. The land is as follows:47 acres to be cultivated in corn, 6acres to be cultivated in tobacco, thebalance in grass. For further information, apply to the undersigned. HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents(6-4t) Paris. Ky.Clark County FarmWe will sell at Public Auction in front of the Court House door inWinchester, Ky., onThursday, Feburary 19th,At 2:30 O'clock p. m.the farm of M. W. Gay, of Mt. Sterling, of 117 acres, ZA miles fromWinchester on the Winchester and Mt. Sterling pike, in two tracts:TRACT NO. 1, of about 50 acres of unimproved land, andTRACT NO 2, of about 67 acres, containing 5-room tenant hotieand a 12-acre tobacco barn, 2D acres of old blue grass sod and the remainder of the farm in a high state of cultivation, lays well wit;splendid building site. Well watered and fenced. Both tracts are idealmoney-makers. The sale will be positive and without reserve.HARRIS & SPEAKES,Real Estate Dealers, Paris, KentuckyL. D. HARRIS, Business ManagerCOL. GEORGE. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.PUBLIC SALESTOCK AND HOUSEHOLD FURNITUREWe will offer at Public Auction,on 'Friday, February 20, 1920,on the premises located at the South end of Main street, at 10:30 a, m.,15 fine Jersey cows' and heifers, and one pure bred Jersey Bull: oneWork Horse; one Buggy Horse; one one-horse wagon: one deliverywagon, and 2 sets of harness; 1 Cream Separator; 100 hens; MilkBottles and Dairy Fixtures.Also a fine lot of new Household and Kitchen Furniture, includinga Coal Range, Gas Range and two Gas heaters.One ofd-fashioned square Piano; 2 Singer Sewing Machines; 1Living Room Suite; 1 Dining Room Suite; 2 large Rugs and severalunalf ones; 2 Iron Beds; Refrigerator and Baby Buggy.Also many small articles, tod numerous to mention.1 ames and A. M. Peffer, Paris, Ky.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer. sHelp Wanted 'Railway Mail Clerks $110 permonth. Age 18 to 35. Experienceunnecessary. Free particulars examinations, write J. Leonard, (former Government Examiner), 935L'qui table Building, Washington,D. C. (10-3t)WANTEDYoungr lady cashier-bookkeeper.Address, in own handwriting, stating salary wanted."BOOKKEEPER,"Care BOURBON NEWSr Paris, Ky.(10-tf)Home For Sale.My residence at 219 West Eighthstreet. Has six rooms and bath;gas and electric lights and othermodern conveniences. A well-constructedand comfortable home. Lotlias 44 feet frontage, running backj 150 feet.(6-tf) PAT COMACK.Truck HaulingWe are now prepared to do allkinds of truck hauling. A specialtyof moving. We have a truck that isat your service. Give us a call.Prompt attention given to all orders,big or spiall. Day phone 780;N-'-jht call 1956.S F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(23-tf)CALL A TAXICABFor any place at any time. We arenow in our new location and readyto give the best of service. Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones No. 204.After 12 o'clock midnight, callCumberland Phone 947.S. R. HUDNALL.Office No. 6 Bank Row.(23dec-tf)Pianos and PlayersIf you are looking for a goodPiano, Player Piano, Talking Machine or Organ, give pie a call, andbe convinced of their durability andcomparatively low prices.If you have Piano or Player, don'tfail to have latest Ukelele attachment put in.Also make tuning and repairing asnecialtvJ. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO..John B. Geis, Representative. 918Main Street, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 578.(13jany-tf)(10-3t)OPIT .i 'A,, n .iV .-tTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'Pneumoniaoften followsNeglected Co'KILL THE COLD!fiLE,.CA&UAKftKJPUm "SfiOMBTlkAUININEw. iasc3ard coldvCEr mvrX cpiatrv hourBV.lnn SIIk.lOV'v'lJIJ NSKe.reiredv for 2f varstablet form safe, sure, notreats up a cold m 24relieves trrin in 3 davs.tfoney back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redwith Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drue StoremTEKUEBAlT SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington Tor Paris ForParis LexinsrtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. '7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. f. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 215P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYTwin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyA NEW DISEASE AND AN OLDREMEDY.If the buyer is willing to pay anyprice he is sure to be accommodated, 'but if he refuses to buy at anexorbitant price he will be served ata reasonable price. If this exceedingly simple remedy were appliedit would prove to be far more ef-lective m reducing costs than allpenal laws and all exertions of theGovernment. Action by the publicwould go at the root of the evil. Itwould strike at all profiteering fromtop to bottojmThe manufactured article whichthe public buys is the final stage ina long process of production. Toarrive at the legitimate price theGovernment would have to begin itsinvestigations with the seed that isplanted in the ground and follow itup through numerous evolutions until it has completed its metamorphosis into a commodity on the retailer's shelf.This is simply impossible. Thepublic must work out its own deliverance and can do it by applyingthe old remedy of refusing 10 buygoods for which an exorbitant priceis asked. It has been tried morethan once, before the era of highprices began and on various occasions since that time, and it hasbrought good results. This is explained by the economic theory thatprices are not made by the seller,but by the purchaser.BE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,I Successors to Munich &Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)oFEBRUARY'S FUNNY FEATURESTOBACCOCOTTONALL GRADESSEE US BEFOREYOU BUYSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OuiPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot has returned to her home in Corbin aftera visit to her sister, Mrs. WilliamRemington, on Eighth street.Mrs. A. B. Chowning has returned to her home in Shelbyville,after a visit to her brother, CharlesA. Webber and family, in this city.Misses Minerva and Sue Boardman, students at the University ofKentucky, at Lexington, spent theweek-end as guest of their parents,Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Boardman,near Paris.N. H. Peters, of Cass county,Mo., is visiting the family of J. W.Young, in that vicinity. Mr. Peters,though a native of Bath county,still clings to Bourbon as his"adopted hojme."During the absence of her husband, Judge Robert H. Winn, ofMt. Sterling, who is in Shreveport,La., on a ten-days' business mission,Mrs. Winn is a guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turney, nearParis. 'The following program wasrendered Saturday by the NorthMiddletown Woman's Club, at themeeting held in the club rooms."The Holy Temple," (art study)Mrs. Calvert Meng; "The Psalms,"Mrs. William Talbott. "The Wisdom Literature Ecclesiasteces, andProverbs," Mrs. John S. Talbott.(Other Personals on Page 5)DOUBLE BEAUTYiPAGB THREEOF YOUR HAIR"Danderine" creates massof thick, gleamy wavesSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE REVIEW.February, 1920, is a peculiarmonth.February 1 falls on Sunday, asdoes February 29, the last day of themonth.There will be seven holidays inFebruary that is, for bankers andothers, but for the copimon workman but five.There are five Sundays in February and the cutomary two legal holidays Abraham Lincoln's Birthdayand the anniversary of Geo. Washington's birth.Such a February has not been experienced since 1860, and there willnot be a similar one until 1948,statistical fiends declare.Leap year is the reason.TwinBros.Department StoreFor the best Metal andComposition Roofing at theright price call at Mrs.Templin's Paint Store, 1330South Main Street, Paris,Ky.(till marl-T)gygESiSM'ggEgCglSaSiJ"";::;:;.J.JJ-a-.lSaSBl.l.liiKMMKU'.Headquarters For Feed.V. I 4 . eCOLLIER BROS.We have a fine lot of mixed feed; also white oats andfertilizer. Special prices in ton lots.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberlaiMl Phone 997Home Phone 257imininutiMif.r&'--gg-aibwdiarBppgmlM-ew!The fall in the rate of exchangehas materially affected the marketon food-stuffs and conditions arerather unsettled on produce pro-1ducts.BUTTER While receipts are notas heavy as a year ago, indicating alighter production, there is a largereserve stock in storage, as shownby the figures of stocks in Chicago,New York, Boston and Philadelphiaon February 4th, comparison is asfollows:February 4, 1920. . .28,077,651 lbs.February 4, 1919. . .20,420,146 lbs.Excess 7,657,505 lbs.It is understood part of this excess Is owned by foreign governments, and it is possible they willsell part of their butter in thiscountry. Regular shipments are being made from Denmark and theArgentine, the rate of exchange being favorable to foreign owners.Butter received from Denpnark sofar is of very fine quality and is being diverted to the United States on Iaccount of the depreciation of the jGerman mark and limit on the sell- Jing price in England. The United!States, markets are slightly lower,although the situation has not yetaffected the country prices.EGGS Receipts are increasingslowlv. but were slightly in excessof requirements and there has beena moderate decline in prices duringthe week. This is a seasonablecondition and further decline majujbe looked for as receipts becoming1heavier.TOULTRY The high prices prevailing are curtailing consumptionand there is generally an easier feeling in the lager markets. If thiscondition continues, some changesin market prices will probably result.In a few moments you can transform your plain, dull, flat hair. Youcan have it tbundant, soft, glossyand full of life. Just get at anydrug or toilet counter a small bottleof "Danderine" for a few cents.Then moisten a soft cloth with the"Danderine" and draw this throughyour hair, taking one small strandat a time. Instantly, yes, immediately, you have doubled the beautyof your hair. It will be a mass, sosoft, lustrous and so easy to do up.All dust, dirt and excessive oil isremoved.Let Danderine put more life,color, vigor, and brightness in yourLair. This stimulating tonic willfreshen your scalp, check dandruffand falling hair and help your hairto grow long, thick, strong andbeautiful. (adv)HIGH COST OF TYBAHKYSIRE DESTROYS BARN.A ten-acre tobacco barn on theOwingsville and Mt. Sterling pike,and about eight thousand pounds oftobacco, were destroyed by fire.There was $1,000 insurance on thebarn, and none on the tobacco.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan(New York Yv7orld)We learn from the American Issueorgan of the Anti-Saloon League,that a fund of $18,560,000 is needed at once to make prohibition effective in the United States, andthat $9,000,000 more can be usedto advantage in promoting the doctrine in Latin America ard inin Europe.Letting the $9,000,000 pass, it isnoticeable that the sum to be usedat home is to be devoted almost mits entirety to agitation. Thetreasuries of the United States, theStates and municipalities, depletedin revenue by prohibition, are to botapped for law enforcement, while,the millions of the league are to beexpended for the "education" of apeople upon whom total abstinencehas been forced without the foruality of a vote. Thus having established national prohibition by (methods suggesting the dark forces ofless favored countries, the AntiSalooners now find themselves under the necessity of creating a public opinion to sustain them.Where all this money is to be hadit is difficult to say. The league,operating in the name of religionand morality, is the only politicalorganization that ignores the Cor-iupt-Practicesacts and makes noofficial returns of its contributionsand disbursements. Perhaps, if thissecrecy can be persisted in, the $18.560,000 now demanded will be subscribed by the manufacturers ofwood alcohol and the undertakers.IP'ter" BH jtSB9tsREDUCED PRICESONClover and AlfalfaMayBuying in large quantities hasenabled us, in spite of steadilyadvancing prices, to make a special price on our preaeut stock ofhay. Phone your order before vour stock is sold.IQ&Qm ifBOYS' CHAMPIONSHIP CUPS TOBE AWARDED.Cups awarded last year to champions in the Boys' AgriculturalClubs of the State have been calledin and the new awards will be madesome time this month, it was statedhv P. N. Barrett. State leader ofBoys Club work. Cups will be presented to the big club cnampion,the corn club champion and thepoultry club champion. Two othertrophies will also be awarded, oneofr the highest yield of corn to theacre and the other for the greatestprofit from an acre of corn.OVERWHELMINGEVINCE FASTACCUMULATINGs&Exceptionally NiceLot ofill!ft V.a ": 111 nm ... mI iii IsFStmi - - r0 V? III! "kI I5 III! oarhIFmriiteitHusband and Wife Both Find ReliefFrom Their Troubles ThroughTrutona.Owensboro, Ky., Feb. 16. Additional proof of the unusual merit tobe found in Trutona, the PerfectTonic, comes frqm Mr. and Mrs.Murray Jones, well-known Owensboro people, who live at 811 Centerstreet. The story of their remarkable relief only adds to the alreadyoverwhelming evidence, fast accumiilating in favor of Trutona."I was suffering from nervousnessand severe headaches and Mr. Joneswas troubled with rheumatism andconstipation," Mrs. Jones said recently. "My husband sufferedgreatly from pains in his back. Thepain in his hips was so bad at timesthat he could hardly sit down."We have been taking Trutonafor several days now and we areboth greatly improved. I have amuch better appetite and sleep wellat night, too,' because my nerves arein such better condition. I'm notbothered with the headaches somuch, either. Trutona has relievedMr. Jones' rheumatism and consti-rpal ion. We both think that Trutona is a wonderful medicine."Trutona is now being introducedrnd explained in Paris at Varden &Son's Drug Store. (adv)19202& & JT7fodelsNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Ste.WE are qualifiedto carry outthe instructions ofthose who employ usbecause sf our wideexperience anil because of oar thoroughly modern equipment. . .Omr service ib eJGcient and conrteousand we are fair inall our business dealings.mli.g'-'-fr WT.:V.HPerry, McCann & MitchellBoth Phones 84,QQsmomm9Q ou $?Q IqGGSeGGQnJIIIMrs. FHK CashGroceryOpposite Courl HoissePari, Krs ff"'GENERAL DUNCAN IS TBANSYLVANIA ALUMNUS:General George B. Duncan, whoname to Kentucky during the holirip"q t viit p brother and otherrelatives at Lexington, and whomade srood with the First Divisionin France, is an alumnus of Transylvania College at Lexington.General Duncan is a son of the lateformer Mayor of Lexington, HenryT. Duncan, and won hfs way by hisown imerit fn-i Tr college days tothe tine h wrm thn riht to weara vMa.ior General's uniform in theUnited States army.Telephone Wires and TreesThe recent sleet storm has proven destructive to both shade treesand telephone wires, and as both are recognized as ijmportant factorsin the pleasure and comfort of our every day life, proper consideratioms-hould be given each, so that neither would prove detrimental to theother.A number of farmers have expressed their willingness to aeBtot usin furthering In any way possible the restoration of their telepbonaservice, which is being done by the crews of telephone men as speedilyas conditions will permit.We would suggest to both the city and rural property ownets thatthey take advantage of the wire3 being down in pruning caretallj, amsometimes saving their valuable trees and take warning by th rathless slaying and splitting of large limbs of trees by storms -that irouIAhave been saved had these trees been given closer attention before.By systematically clearirig the trees of broken and oyergrowKlimbs, etc., the telephone route will be clear for the wire, so thatrtttttoor no delay will be experienced in reclaiming interrupted serTiw.' Toedoctoring and pruning trees we would refer. -.the owners, to artiOt jpjMlished in the Lexington Herald, January 27th, page 12, by" A, J.'Qlaey,Assistant Professor of Horticulture, University of Kentucky.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphComjjany'(Incorp orated)J. J. Veatch, District Manage W. H. Cannon. Local iMgg.vsr:uPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARK, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, ;t92tf-f&Public SaleHousehold and KitchenFurniture, Contractors' Equipment.Having sold imy place and goingto leave the State, I will offer foraale all mjr contractors' equipmentand other personal property, consisting of household and kitchenfurniture, etc. Sale will start at 2o'clock p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 28The following articles will be soldwithout reserve or by-bid. Everyifting mentioned in this eale is infirst-class shape, some as good asnew, and as stated above, the reasonfor selling is that I am leaving theState. Anyone desiring to inspectgoods may do so by calling at myplace at any time before sale:One Universal Woodworker, builtby American Saw Machinery Co.,four extra saws, six-inch plane boring attachment and saw. This machine is in good order and is runay i-nor-power r airoaiiKs-iuorsegasoline vjngine just the thing ,many carpenters need;une narn-rrammg ouiiit, usea oneseason, consisting of two-power boring machine and swing circularsaw, all framed and lined up so allof them can be nsed at the sametime, some extra belting;One power grinding stone, fixedfor hand or power;One gasoline engine, 1-h. p., Fairbanks-Morse;One concrete block machine, withseveral different design faces, about500 palletis forsame, all in goodshope;One Triple A floor surfacing matchine, a good one;One lot shovels, all kinds;One lot good po3t rammers;One concrete tamper;One lrg'" . screen;One i4ep-tc mortise machine;Two Stan- t leveling instruments, just the thing for staking offbuildings and runnings lines.' Oneof these has a 'e'escope tube, theother a plain sight tube. Both ofthese instrujments are in good order;About 18 Jack-screws of all sizes;Two iron snatch, blocks;One lot of rope. These ropes arein good shape;One lot of blocks for blocking upbuildings;One lot of rollers for housemoving; Ciie lot of iron diggers and longhandle shovels;Six good wheelbarrows;One crab for raising barns andmoving houses;Four or five ladders;Three step ladders;Several ripping bars;One cross-cut saw;One lizard saw;One scythe;One Ross cutting box;One sprfng wagon pole;One pony cart and harness;Two pitchforks, hoes and rakes;One small A harrow for grading;Two 50 -gallon gasoline tanks;Some chains, and bees and extrabee stands;A lot of other things too numerous to mention.HOUSEHOLD AND KITCHEN FURNITURE.One good Moo res' air-tight heater;One lard press and sausage mill;One big iron kettle;One big brass kettle;One lot of stone an.d glass jars,all sizes;One 10-gallon stone jar;Two 5-gallon milk cans;Refrigerator, sideboard, dishesaad household goods of all kinds;A lot of Epnall tools too numerousto mention.AUTOMOBILESOne 5-passenger Oakland, model34. This machine is in good running order:One -ton White Truck.Tires are all good on these machines. TERMS Cash on all sums under525.00. Over that amount negotiable note bearing 6 interest.E. T. SHEELEE.Millersburg, Ky.COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct.(17-td)PUBLIC SALEOFLivestock and Farm ImplementsWe will sell publicly on the farm of Mrs. C. M. Clay, three mileslrom Paris, on the Winchester pike, on-Saturday, February 21, 1920,at ten o'clock, a, m., the following described property:200 head of extra good youngMountain ewes, due to lamb March- 3t;21 good yearling cattle, weightC50 pounds;' Twelve 800-pound cattle;V "Two good milch cow;One 1-year-old bull;Six good work mules;A lot of good fanning Jpiplements,;juch as- On account of our lease expiring March 1, the above property willbe sold without reserve or by-bid.TERMS Liberal, and made kn own on day of sale.' M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer..W-2t)7.ANTI-SALOON BILL DECLARED"TOO DKASTIC.""Too drastic," was t-he verdict ofthe House Committee to which wasreferred the Prohibition Enforcement Bill, drafted by J. N. Palmer,head of the Kentucky Anti-SaloonLeague, and then the committeekilled it. The committee will prepare a substitute that is believedwill prove more acceptable to druggists. Under tie Palmer measure, preparations, containing a small percentage of alcohol could be sold on aphysician's prescription only. Thesubstitute will contain no such provision. It is understood considerable objection is being voiced to a proposed provision of the bill that wouldrequire all liquor sold by druggiststo be medicated.oONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions cf 25 f0 onail furniture and everythingelse in our store in order tomake room for Spring goods.E. M. WHEELERRobneel Building.(febl3-4t)MINISTER'S CAR COLLIDES WITHTELEPHONE POLErihe car in which Rev T ? ?mvlie, pastor of Hie Paris Presbyterianchurch, was riding, Friday after-inoon, was almost comnletelv wreck-ed in a collision with telephonepoles near the residence of RobertMeteer, on the Lexington pike.Rev. Smylie was returning fromLexington, and when near the Meteer place, stooped over to adiustlihe oil container. In so doins: helost control of the steering gear.The car swerved to one side of theroad, colliding witn two poles insuccession, and throwing: him out.i Rev. Smylie sustained a slight cuton the left cheek, but was otherwise.uninjured. Passing autoists broughtI him to Paris, and the wrecked maI chine was sent to a local garage forI repairs.Public Sale-OF-Livestock, Crop, FarmImplements, Etc.We will sell at public auction, toJ the highest and best bidder, on thepremises, the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,at ten o'clock, a. m., rain or shine, onThursday, Feb. 26, 1920,the following described property:One work and driving horse, 7y ears-old;One work and driving horse, 6-j ears-old;une work and driving horse, 7-years-old;One cqmbined mare, 7-years-old;One weanling mule colt;Two No. 1 cows, to be fresh onday of sale;One good red yearling heifer;One nice young sow;One new Webber wagon withcombination frame;One new Avery corn planter, withfertilizer attachment;One new six-shovel cultivator;One new cutting harrow, with(truck and three-horse hitch;une cuiung narrow, with twoliorse hitch;One Bemis tobacco setter, in goodcondition;One good Deering mower;Two steel beam breaking plows,good as new;One new Rastus three-shovelplow;One good five-shovel plow;One good two-shovel plow;One good Moyer road wagon;One top bu ggy, good as new;Two sets of good buggy harness;Four sets of good farm harness;Lot of No. 1 timothy hay in stackand in barn, and fodder in field;One Improved Cream Separator,good as new, 600 pounds capacity;Good lot of household and kitchenfurniture;Lot of hoes, rakes, shovels andether implements useful on thefarm.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.REDMON & McDUFFY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(feb6-td)Five breaking plows;Four Avery 2-horse cultivators;One Black Hawk corn planter;Two harrows;Three mowing machines;One hay rake;One Corn marker;Eight Good cattle troughs;Five hog houses;One feed sled;THOHAS0H & BTOMS, Pttii, Ky.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Pans Realty Co., JoeB. Smith sold Saturday, to RobertCrombie, of near Shaw han, his homeon Second street, for a private price.Mr. Crombie and family will moveto Paris about March 1, and willoccupy the property.George Reynolds, who recentlysold his farm near Cane Ridgepurchased of G. W. Wheeler, 201acres of land, located near Austerlitz, a part of the Renick farm, for$300 an acre. Possession will begiven in March.Through the Paris Realty Co., JW. Case sold Friday, to ForrestBrooks, a fanm containing threeand one-half acres with improvements, located on the Bethlehempike, near Paris, for $8,100. Mr.Brooks will get possession in March.Stokeley & Jackson, of Winchester, as agents for the Glanceyheirs, sold a house and lot locatedon Cook avenue, in Winchester, toG. L. Holliday, of Bourbon county,for $4,000. Possession will be givenin April. Mr. Holliday has been engaged in farming near Clintonvilleseveral years.j j. is. j.-xunon soia nrivaieiv Friday, through Bishop & Flora, realestate agency, of Paris, a cottageand five vacant lots on Commercestreet, near the Massie MemorialHospital, to R. G. Griffin, for $4,000. Shortly after acquiring theproperty Mr. Griffin disposed of thefive vacant lots, with a stable onone, at private sale, for a goodprice each.The Ashbrook fauni of 120 acres,located on the Hume and Bedfordpike, which has changed ownershipseveral times in the past two years,was sold Friday by Harris &Speakes. as agents for the owner,Elmer Clinkenbeard, to Jesse Booth,of Mt. Sterling, for $433 an acre, atotal of $51,960. Mr. Clikenbeardrecently purchased the farm fromA. W. Shrout for $413.50 an acre.The ten "baby farms," the property of Lair and Haggard, locatedon the Clintonville pike, near Paris,and comprising one hundred acres,sold Saturday at public auction, asfollows: Ns. 1 and 2 to Chas. N.Peddicord, of Paris, for $580 anacre; No. 3 to Mr. Peddicord for?455 an acre; Nos. 4 and 5 to CashCrowe for $300 an acre; Nos. 6 and7 to John M. Stuart, for $405 anacre; No. 8 to John M. Stuart, for$530 an acre; No. 9 o Tilden Duncan, for $400 an acre; No. 10 toDr. William Kenney, for $400 anacre, and No. 11, containing fortyfive acres, to the same, for $316 anacre. The owners of the propertynetted $1,200 on the transaction..oDATE OF REDMON & McDUFFYPUBLIC SALE CHANGED.The date of the public sale oflivestock, farm implements, crop,etc., of Redmon -& McDuffy, hasbeen changed from the 18th to the26th of February. Read over thelist in the advertisement In anothercolumn. Don't forget the date,February 26, at 10 o'clock. (td)BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCash Sale early. We save youmoney. ri,THE J. T. HINTON CO.oHACKNEY GOES SOMEThe postmaster at London, Ky., ismaking a wonderful record in thesale of Treasury Savings Certificatesand War Savings Stamps.January 15 the postmaster, E. W.Hackney, sent draft to the SavingsDivision headquarters at St. Louisfor $4,000 maturity value Certificates, but was unable to send themin because he had no order forms.In addition to the $6,000 certificate sales, Postmaster Hackney hasalso sold $3,000 maturity of the $5War Savings Stamps. All of this inBpite of the fact that London is onlya third class office.WONDERFUL CHANCE TOTOOLS.BUYAttend Sheeler's sale and buytools, as you will have no place toborrow after sale. See advertisement, (tdAttention, Republicans!A mass convention of the Republicans of Bourbon county is herebycalled forSaturday, February 28, 1920,at 1 o'clock p. m., to be held at t-heParis court house, for the purposefo selecting 22 delegates and alternates to the the District Conventionto be held at La Grange on March2d, for the election of two delegatesand alternates to the National Republican Convention to be held innicago, on June 6. 1920. Saiadelegates will also serve as delegatesto the State Convention in Louisville, to be held on March 3rd. TheDistrict Convention at La Grangewill also choose an elector to bevoted for at the November election,1920, and a member of the Republi-ican State Central Committee frojnthe Seventh Congressional DistrictThe County Convention wil alsoelect a new Republican County Committee for the next four years,which in turn wilj elect a Chairman, secretary and Treasurer. Allpersons who desire to affiliate withthe Republican party are cordiallvinvited to attend.BOURBON COUNTY REPUBLICANCOMMITTEE.By N. A. Moore, Chairman.W. A. Thcfnson, Secretary.(17-3t) - 'COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSAt the recent meeting of theParis City Council, Mayor E.j B.January presiding, and a full Boardor the Coucil present, a resolutionwas introduced by CouncilmanCatesby Spears proposing the reconstruction of the following streetswiUi permanent and durable material, the cost and payment for sameto be made on the ten-year plan:Main, from Bank Row to EastParis Bridge; Second street; Seventh; Third; Eighth; Ninth; Tenth;Winchester; Vine; Eleventh. Theresolution was passed to its secondreading at the next meeting of theCouncil.City Attorney Denis Dundon reported that property-owners onDuncan avenue declined to pay theirassessment for construction work onthat street, alleging defective construction. The matter was referredto the construction committee andthe City Engineer. J. W. Davis &Co. were awarded contract for furnishing summer uniforms "for thepolice department, and Mitchell &Blakemore for the fire department.The Fire Cojtnmittee was authorizedto report at ' the next meeting thecost of an auto fire fighting pumping engine. John Brannon resigned as a member of the fire department, and Noah Clarke named ashis successor. Hiram S. Redmon, ofthe Paris Realty Co., was electedCity Assessor. On the grounds of amis-understanding of the terms andconditions the Council rejected allthe bids submitted by bankers andbrokers for the $30,000 sewer construction bond issue, and other bidsvill be submitted.All members of the police forcewere summoned to appear before theCouncil at the next meeting, whenviolations of the automobile speedlas will be gone over and discussed. A special jmeeting of theCouncil was ordered called for to-Jnight, for the purpose of discussingnlans for imnrovement of Hisrh Istreet irom tne court nouse to ij'our -teenth street, and invitations were jextended to the officials of the Ken-lucky Traction & Terminal Co. to jattend the meeting. The city wenton record and took out membershipin the association of fourth andfifth class cities. According to a re-.port submitted by City AttorneyDundon nearly all the propertyowners on Main street from Tenthto Fourteenth, were paying theirstreet improvement assessment incash. 'The following building permitswere granted: Mack Connell, garage, on FiUiian avenue; SamGriffin, garage, on Higgins avenue;Mrs. Fannie B. Winters, to erect automobile and machine shop to cost?2,000, on Eighth street; OliveArgo, residence on Henderson 4street.BUY EAKLY.Attend our February and MarchCar-h Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.Y"f v?''J&"iISIHn Feb-18 10 21' inclusive HtfwB'' $Zidm"BmBBBfr! if!! H" aDk Bricn xvP- llfllllCountry Hams WantedBring us your hams. Highestcash price paid. Will take any size.BLUE GRASS CAFE.(17-2t-pd) 418 Main Street.Lost, Strayed or Stolen!My pure-bred German Police Doghas mysteriously disappeared. Iwill give a liberal reward for hisreturn or information leading to hisrecovery.EDWARD SPEARS,(17-tf) Paris, Ky.Tractor For SaleA 9-18 Case Tractor, with 3-gangplow. In good condition. Price975.STANHOPE WIEDEMANN.(17-tf) Rte. 7, Paris, Ky.For SaleA perfectly good coal range. Apply toMRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,Second and Houston Ave.(17-2t)INTERIOR DECORATINGPaper Hanging Promptly and Artistically Done.Painting in All Its Branches.Henry Bosch Line of Exclusive WallPapers. Beautiful Samples toSelect FTrorn.Experienced Men Employed who Know How and Will GiveSatisfaction.JACK OWSLEYii Cumberland Telephone 1070Wanted Local Dealer ForMONROEWM. SMALL CO., ManufacturersAddress P. C. HILL, Factory Rep,529 East 15th Street, Indianapolis, Ind.isa.Salesmen WantedTo 'solicit orders for lubricatingoils, greases and paints. Salary orcommission. AddressLINCOLN DDL CO.,(3t-pd) Cleveland, OLOSTSaturday afternoon, on Mainstreet, between Frank Burton's confectionery and Harry James' poolroom, a bunch of keys consisting ofthree automobile keys and severalother keys, including a skeleton key.Finder will please return at once tothis office, or toBEN HOUSTON,(It) Cumb. Phone 587.Used Cars For Sale.Buick Model 1914, touring.Buick Model 1917, touring..Overland Model 1919, roadster.Franklin Model 1915, touring.These are all we have left andpriced for quick sale.T HE McDONALD-GIBSON CO.Citizens' Garage, opposite WindsorHotel. Both Phones 294.Rarls. KentuckyThe;w-fTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVES27SSSs? ry&&?rAVsX,ZXfr' rzr-wt? -el-V . &,ir ' '.sr ty v(S2S5Kattaa-rCR THC BESTMOTKtr.'G ELE""""""TlTTirf 1BIG PUBLIC SALE.Attend Sheeler's sale on Feburarv2S. See advertisement in anothercolumn. (td)oINCREASES CAPITA!,.Articles of amendment authorizing: an increase of capital to $130,000, were filed Saturday in theoffice of the Secretary of State, atFranKfort by the Bourbon TobaccoWaresouse Company.-GSEPOBT OP GRAVES SALET. Porter Smith, formerly ofParis, makes following; report of thesale of the livestock, etc, belonging to Omar Graves. Teams ofhorses brought from ?200 to $460per "pair; one pair of work mulessold for $520; brood sows from $40to SbO a head; ten head of steercalves sold for $40 a head; ninetythree chickens sold for $3.90 each.SOCIAL A2JD PERSONAL,! Comingsand Goinsrs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Jo.KSW SERIES TO OPEN GET IN"57ITH THEM MAKCH 6.Become a stockholder in the People's Building and Loan Associationif you wish to invest you moneywhere it will earn most. We opena new series March 6. Office atFeople's Deposit Bank and Trust Co.G. W. WILDER, PresidentF. W. GALLOWAY, Sec'y.KYTXS BIG EAGLE.While hunting with some companions on the Leonard cliff, nearRuddles Mills, in this county, Charlie Turner, a sixteen-year-old colored boy, killed a bald eagle. The bigbird put up a fight before it was dispatched by the boy. The featheredfighter weighed twelve pounds andhad a wing (measurement of six andone-half feet from tip to tip.LOOKING AHEAD.This $20,000 we ask for thehosplta is expected to be usedfor a term of f ve years to coverany deficiencies as they arise.It's little enough.SUIT FOB, DAMAGES.Jeaee Turaey and Ira Florence,of near Paris, have filed suit in theBourbon Circuit Court against theKentucky Traction and TerminalCompany, asking damages In thesum of $100. In the petition theyclaim a load of tobacco belonging tothem, while standing on Mainstreet, sometime ago, was struck byan interurban car, and damaged tothe extent of $100.BUSSED BY GAS EXPLOSIONMrs. Anna Merringer, agedmother of John and William Merringer, of Paris, was severely burned about the face, hands and headwhen a ga cooking stove in herkitchen exploded. The gas had beenturned on accidentally, and whenMrs. Merringer lit a match, preparatory to lighting the stove, the accumulation of gas exploded. Mrs.Mel-ringer's hair was singed and herface and hands badly ecorched.oONE-FOURTH OFF FURNITURE, ETC.Until the 1st of March we aremaking reductions of 25 onall furniture and everythingelse in our store in order toraise cash and to make roomfar Spring go ds.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.(febl3-4t)ADDBESS ON TAXATION.James H. Thompson, Representative from Bourbon County, deliveredan addresB on the subject of "Taxation" in the court house in Mt.Sterling, Saturday afternoon, to alarge audience, composed, of farmersand business men. Mr. Thojmpson'saddress was a highly instructiveone, and was well received by hisauditors. He is one of the bestposted men on tax matters in Kentucky to-day, and is making a fightto make the "pauper" counties ofState pay their just proportion ofthe taxes. About one-third of thecounties in the State paid all therunning expenses of the governmentlast year, and some of the biggestcoal-producing counties, with deposits worth millions of dollars, theamong the "pauper counties" of theState.DB. XToAEEKTEB TO LECTURE WPAEIS.Rev. Dr. J. Grey McAllister, ofLouisville, who will be in Paris onSunday, February 29, to take partin the ordination services of Rev. T.S. Smylie, new pastor of the ParisPresbyterian church, will remainover here several days. Dr. McAllister has accepted the invitation ofthe Paris Literary Club to deliver alecture under their auspices. Thelecture will be delivered on the following day, March 1, in the parlorsof the Presbyterian church.The Paris Literary Club has beenmaking a special study of "TheBible as Literature." In harmonywith the subject the theme of Dr.f.Aincor,a lontnro will be "Teach-in nf the Rnp.rial Features of TheBible." Dr. McAllister is one of themost brilliant and eloquent ministers of the Presbyterian church, andis well-known here, where he hasfilled the pulpit of the local churchi several occasions. Members ofthe Paris Literary Club and theirfriends are cordially invited to attend the lecture- There' will be noadmission charge to the lecture.Varden remains rmito mstomach trouble, at his -hnaVine street.Mrs. Harry King, of Carlisle, isa patient at the Petree Sanitarium,on Vine street.Mr. J. E. Taylor, who has hpnseriously ill at his hnm i rw.Paris, is improving.City Engineer A. A. Boernerhas returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Louisville.Misses Nancy and PaulineOwens have returned from a visit toMiss Eunice Owens, in Winchester.Clyde Rowland, who has beenseriously ill with influenza at hishome on Eighth street, is improving.Mrs. M. Peale Collier and sonare confined to their home on Higgins avenue with attacks of thegrippe.Mrs. Wills Jacoby spent theweek-end in Indianapolis, Ind., as aguest of her sister, Miss PaulineChambers.Mrs. W. L. Maupin, of Lexington, is a guest of Wm. H. Whaleya-nd sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Whaley,on East Paris.Mrs. Drake Thompson has returned from a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Hershell Humble, and Mr.Humble, in Somerset.Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., andMiss Lucy Colville left Saturday forClearwater, Frolida, to join theParis colony wintering there.Miss Mary Kenney, deputycircuit uierk, is ill of pneumonia atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Millard F. Kenney, in this city.Mrs. W. E. Methiven, of Davenport, Iowa, and Mrs. J. C. Kirby, ofBoston, Ky., are guests of their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Keller, inthis city.Mrs. John B. Northcott has returned from Jefferson, Ohio, whereshe was called last week by the serious illness of her sister, Mrs.Hazel Benjamin.Charles B. Dickerson has returned from Cincinnati, where hewent to receive a shipment of Overland cars for the Dickerson & SonGarage in this city.Miss Pink Shropshire will leavetoimorrow to join her brother, B. N.Shropshire, in Cincinnati, for a tripto New York. She will returnabout the first of June.Mrs. Brinch Meinertz has beenremoved from the Massie MemorialHospital to her hojme near Paris.Mrs. Meinertz is convalescing froman attack of pneumonia.Mrs. A. B. Hancock and twochildren, who have been ill with the"flu" are able to be out and willleave this week for a' recreative visitto St. Petersburg, Fla.Mrs. Marjorie Ditchen, ofCleveland, Ohio, and Mrs. L. C.Moore, of Detroit, Mich., are guestsat the home of their mother, Mrs. S.M. Wilmoth, in this city.Mrs. Rebecca Collier, mother ofMrs. Will G. McClintock and Mrs.M. Peale Collier, has been very illfor several days at the Massie Memorial Hospital with pneumonia, butis reported some better.M. H. H. Davis, Grand CaptainGeneral of the State Conclave,Knights Templar, was in Richmond,last Thursday night, where he inspected the Richmond Commandery.-7 C. L. Steenbergen, manager ofthe Paris Gas & Electric Co., hasjecovered from the effects of an operation performed at the Massie Mepnorial Hospital, in this city, somedays ago, and has been removed tohis home.Mr. and Mrs. Newton Taylorwill move about March 1 to Lexington, where they recently purchaseda handsojme home on Third street.Their daughter, Mrs. Julian Frank,Mr. Frank, and their son, JulianFrank, Jr., are recovering from attacks of influenza and pneumonia.Dr. Bruce Smith, of Millersburg, who has been critically ill ofpneujmonia at the Massie MemorialHospital, was reported yesterday asbeing slightly impioved. Ben Posnea, of Paris, who has been very illof typhoid-pneumonia at the Hospita, is also better, and will soon beable to return to his home.Edward Simms, of Houston,Texas, was a guest for the week-endof his sister, Miss Lucy Simms, onSecond street. Mr. Sipnms left Saturday for a business trip to itfewYork City. While here Mr. Simmspaid an inspection visit to hiscounty estate, Xalapa Farm, on theNorth Middletown pike.Richard Hawes Chapter,Daughters of the Confederacy, willhold their regular meeting in theConfederate rooms, in the courthouse, at 2:30 o'clock, Saturday afternoon. An interesting programhas been prepared, and a full attendance of the niefmbership isearnestly desired.Mrs. Michael Sweeney has resigned her position as bookkeeperand clerk for the Fisher TransferCo., and has accepted a similar onewith the Paris Garage. She is succeeded by Miss Luna Duffey, whountil recently, was a member of theoperating force in the CumberlandTelephone Co.'s local office.The following announcementcards have been issued:"Mrs. Laura A. Wigginsannounces the marriage of herdaughterRacheltofc Mr W. Overton Harberon Thursday, the twelfth of Feb-ruary,one thousand nine hundred andtwentyParis, Kentucky."At Home,Richmond, Ky.".The Paris Literary Club willhold its regular weekly meeting tomorrow in the club rooms Thefollowing program will be presented: Scriptural Studies: The Apocalypse of John; The . Revelation of8? Bride; Leader Miss TiptonTho rc-grepsive Cultme Club willwJdnMday. with the follwingprogram: Responses StoriesGeorge Washington; Review of NewBooks; Leader, Mrs. Anna Wallace.Mrs. Sallie McMillan has returned from an .extended visit tofriends in Miami, Fla.Lon M. Tribble returned Sunday from an eight-weeks' visit toMr. and Mrs. Walter E. Glenn, atFulton, Missouri.(Other Personals on Page 3.)Y. M. C. A. TO HAVE BASKETBALL TEAMThe Y. M. C. A. Physical Department Committee is claiming tospring a new activity for the Seniormepnbers by putting out a representative basket ball team. A goodbunch of material already is out forthe team, a number of former HighSchool players being in the bunch.The following are among those practicing: Wm. Mclntyre, Rene Clark,Cletis Chipley, Leslie O'Neil, CarlBratton, Barnett Winters, NormanSoper, Lavon Miller and MauriceClark.A ga,me has already been bookedwith the Frankfort Y. M. C. A. forlast .night, at Frankfort.BMWKMMl MT TMmni mii xCoatsCONTRADICTS GROUND HOGNotwithstanding the ground hog'sassurance of six more weeks ofwinter on his return to his holeafter Feeing his shadow, when heemerged from it on the 2d, theweather bureau has the temerity topredict that the worst of the winteris over and that there will be nomore severe cold. It bases its prediction on statistics of more than 40years that the temperature havingbegun to rise, it will graduallycontinue to do so. Our old standby,H. F. Hillen;meyer, the nurseryman,also makes a like prediction andpractically says that the man whotakes stock in the ground hog mythshould be bored for the simples, hehaving found in a long life of observation that it is a delusion and asnare. We shall see, however, whatwe shall see.BUY EARLY.Attend our February and MarchCagh Sale early. We save youmoney.THE J. T. HINTON CO.o -EUCKERVILLE HOME GOES UPINFLAMES.The fire department was calledSunday night about 6:30 o'clock toRuckerville, in response to analarm from Box 13. Burning coalsfrom a grate fire in the home ofLucy Hayden, colored, set fire tolugs and carpet, the flames cojmmunicating rapidly to the woodworkand furniture. A high wind helpedthe progress of the blaze, which soondestroyed the house, with all itscontents. The firemen saved theadjoining property, the flames in theHayden home being beyond theircontrol. It was said there' was noone at the home at the time thehouse caught fire.LOST UMBRELLAHas deer horn handle, and silverband, with initials, "H. C. H." Reward for its return to this office.(17-tf)Lost WatchBetween the Citizens' Garage andthe residence of Miss ( ElizabethGrimes, on Duncan avenue, a goldwrist watch. Finder will be liberally rewarded by returning same tome.MISS ANNE M. TALBOTT,151 Duncan, Ave., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 30, Home 274.(17-tf)THE FAIR!COMPLETE LINE OF SUN PROOFPAINTS AND VARNISHES.WALL PAPEE.The basis of all home beautifyingis the proper decoration of thewalls. Many hojmes that are furnished with good furniture andfloor coverings, are absolutely ruined with inappropriate wall papers.We will assist you in selecting acorrect paper for your needs. Wewill provide a color scheme for aroom or entire that will be perfectlyharmonious.DECORATION IS OUR PROFESSION.You'll not get a lower price, andhere are some real good values forSaturday only:9-inch heavy Dressing Combs, extra value, only 59c; fine qualityShelf Paper, 5c a roll; AlarmClocks, large size, big value, $1.59;covered Slop Pails, each 73c; WhiteCurtain Poles, each 8c; Parafine 7ca bar; Herschey's Almond Chocolate, 5c a bar, delicious after-dinnermints, 37e a pound; Shoe Trees,per pair, 10c; Barger's Hair Clippers, each $1.87; Weather Strips,13c.THE FAIR.ofIS YOUR NAMEOn our order book? Have you madeyour selection and secured yourdate for your papering? If not,when the tijme comes and you getready to have your work done youmay be disappointed. Procrastination is the theft of time. Whileyou delay, we are steadily bookingorders. We booked orders fortwenty-two rooms on last Monday.There's a reason! Investigate! Thestock was never more complete. Theprices are right; the workmanshipthe best what more do you want?THE FAIR ANNEX.and Dresses4Tor theSchool GirlBargains every one of them that's what these Coatsare. The materials are good, the siyies new, and we include them in our big Clearance Sale at the followingprices:1$12.50 Coats at $ 9.98$15.00 Coats at $12.98$17.50 Coats at : $13.50$22.50 Coats at $17.50Belted or straight models in Plum, Wine, Brown,some with collars of fur.$25.00 Coats at $19.75$29.50 Coats at $22.50$35.50 Coats at $24.75$39.50 Coats at., $27.50Blue, TaupeSchool DressesPractical Dresses of Serge, Gabardine and other kindred materials are offered in several becoming styles.$ 9.98 Models at $ 7.98$12.50 Models at $ 9.98$15.00 Models at $12.50$19.50 Models at $14.75$25.00 Models at $19.75$29.50 Models at ! $24.75Just right for the school roomHipPYmam, wTn lsSIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky:MainStreetParis,Ky.IIMBMMflMMWEELIEVEWe Save You More Money at OurFEBRUARYAND MARCHThan You Can Save in Any Sale Anywhere.CASHSALEWE BELIEVE THIS because we give youa straight 20 discount on all goods markedat the regular price.WE DO NOT use any tags but the ones inuse at all times, marked in plain figures.You KNOW what you are doing at OURCash SavingFebruary and MarchSaleIf you don't, your neighbor does.EXCEPTEDGlabt-Wernickt C?se, Columbia Grafonolas and RacarrfsWay Sagkss SprintsTHE J. THIN TON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 - PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingrXrPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1SDIEDin New York City alone from kidney trouble last year. Don't allowyourself to become a victim byneglecting yaa "-ubagainst this trouble by takingagThe world's standard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.Hollands national remedy since 1696.All druggists, three sizss. Guaranteed.iok for the name Gold Medal on cvry boxand jisccpt no umtafcooMiss Lucy Page Gaston, candidatelor the Presidency says if electedhe would bring the use of tobaccoto an end.oIt's a poor rule you can't shirkfroth ways.A SpecialPurchaseopMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreSAFE AND SANE(Los Angeles Times)Avoid crowds and badly ventilated places.Practice deep breathing.Get all the sunshine and fresh airpossible.Keep dry and warm.Walk to your work if possible.Keep the body clean.Sleep nine hours a day.Eat and drink in moderation.Keep your temper don't worry.Mind your own business.These ten brief commandmentsare recommended as a sensible codeto stave off an epidemic of influenza, but they are also urged as areasonable program at any old time.If they were observed by all mankind there wouldn't be any scareover the flu or anything else.NFIUENZANSPRESIDENT MAKES DECISION mRAILROAD WAGE CONTROVERSY.THE BLOOD"SYRUP OF FIGS"ISLAXATIVEFOB CHILDL. WOLLSTEm, Proprietor619 Main StreetLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach. Liver andBowelsBreaks Your Vitality Leaves YouHelpless When Exposed toOther GermsTHESE ARE DANGEROUS DAYSIf In Doubt About Your Blood TakePepto-Mangan, Famous RedBlood Builder 'Accept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)If you are just recovering from afight with the "flu," it will be weeksbefore you're really out of danger.Your blood has exhausted itsstrength it is in no condition tofight off other disease germs it maybe exposed to. That is why doctorsadvise staying away from crowds aslong a& possibe.You can help your blood get backits strength its stability to fightoff disease by taking that splendidtonic Pepto-Mangan.The famous blood builder willsupply the iron and other propertiesyour blood lacks and help you regain your old time vigor and enthusiasm. Get Pepto-Mangan to-day. It maybe had at any drug store in eitherliquid or tablet form. Make yourown choice as to liquid or tablet.They are exactly the same in medicinal value. Take which ever youprefer.But be sure you get the genuinePepto-Mangan. Ask for "Gude's"and be sure that the name is on thepackage. (adv)WAR ON PROFITEERSdnmjt!;nfciuEaAjiiJs:ei:;gttt;ggsgs5B54ai.i5LS5iu,ggai,i.ji .k, rareySpring Papering and Painting Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for,LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399(till July 1)PARIS, KENTUCKYfrifi-ffEgs iSzE,sat-e.LJioGEnnEKsmii;mtrnnurzisniT;gfi.iiWKMiKnnBThe Housewife Longs ForI Electric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseIf there are profiteers, meaningmerchants whose profit is criminallyinordinate and not in relation to theexpense as distributors, down withthe profiteers, but let it be borne inmind that a merchant is, as clearlyas a woman, entitled to good reputation until bad character is proved.The Federal agents should, intheir effort to punish the guilty, becertain of their facts before venturing to publish, through the press ororally, any assertion reflecting uponany individual, firm or company engaged as a distributor. They shouldemulate the advice of Davy Crockett relative to the importance of being sure. They should not approacha merchant because he is a merchant and because his prices seemhigh, in the mood in which the immortal Davey dealt with the coon.These are times of such difficultythat the hard-pressed find allegationeasy. There are many who areeager to accept any charge that canbe laid against any one whose pricesseem higher than it is assumed theyshould be. The times are difficultfor manv business enterprises aswell as for many individuals. There strifce of the maintenance of wayare, no doubt, enterprises wnicn are j empioyes called for next Tuesday.maKing nanasume prunis. uui umywhen facts are plain and demonstable should the repuation of anestablishment or an individual bebrought under the baneful advertising that arises from publicationof alleged unfair dealing. Even general and ambiguous rumors maybring upstanding merchants undersuspicion and so work unjustifiedinjury.With this in mind let the investigation proceed.WASHINGTON, February 16.An "unalterable" decision in therailroad wage controversy was madeby President Wilson in conference at the White House witbrepresentatives of the brotherhoods.The President said the Government'spolicy was "based on justice to allinterests."The President's decision was notannounced at the White House.Officials said it was "a decision containing a proposal". From this itwas assumed that the President hadrefused to grant general wage increases, but had made a counterproposition to the men.Secretary Tumulty declined toFay whether the President had refused specifically the wage dejmands,saying that "every one wants tosettle the strike," and that thebrotherhood chiefs should have aDopportunity to consider the President's suggestion or proposal without outside interference.The President's statement thatthe Government's policy was "basedon justice to all interests" is in linewith the final word presented to theunion leaders by Director GeneralHines at the last conference withthem. Mr. Hines was understoodto have told the men that with thereturn of the roads to private control under the new railroad bill animpartial tribunal for considerationof their demands would be created.It is understood that he suggestedto the president that if an increasein pay were granted the men, theroads would seek an increase infreight rates, which would mean increased living costs.When the railroad men greetedthe President they told him he waslooking very well."I have just been shaved," saidthe President. "That helps a bit."The President, sitting in hiswheel chair in a corner of the southportico, wrapped in a blanket,shook hands with the men asSecretary Tumulty presented them.They stood up throughout the conference with their overcoats on,but their hats in their hands. ThePresident pressed them to put theirhats oh because of the dampness,but they refused. After readinghis statement, the President askedthem to give consideration to hissuggestion, and they promised todo so.The brotherhood men would notsay what the proposal was, TimothyShea acting president of the Brotherhood of Firemen and Enginemenannouncing that they would makenos statement to-day.B. M. Jewell, president of therailway department of the AmericanFederation of Labor, announced thatthe President's proposal would haveto be "put up to the jmen" beforeany announcement sould be madeby the union repesentatives.Shea notified the other union officials, who have been conferringwith Hines, advising them to call aconference to consider the President's statement. He indicated thatthe conference would consume mostof the day, and might be continuedto-morrow. He said there was nodisposition on the part of the unionpnen to act hastily and that theydesired to make a complete examination of the President's statementbefore reaching a decision. ThePresident's proposal, whatever itwas, was not expected to stay theElectric Irons, ChafincrDishes, Coffee Pots. CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, gg Boilers,Room Heaters, etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and ecornomical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERET. W. SPICERMA1N STREET4,OPP. COURT HOUSECLARK WANTED: LEXINGTONPOLICE START SEARCH,(Lexington Herald)"The ways of a traveling man areJmany and his wants are varied.His home is where he hangs his hatand his address changes with eachwind."This doubtless is true, yet WillF. Clark, editor of the Sample Case,and salesman for Charles Rosenheim& Company, Louisville, has won thedog (and collar, too) for the latestone on where is the salesman'shome.J. A. Stern, proprietor of "TheFair," a novelty store of Paris,wanted to order some queenswarefrom Bill, but had lost his address.Requesting his neighbor and friend,1he Mayor of Paris, where and howto get in communication with oneWill F. Clark, he was advised to callup Chief of Police Jere Reagan, atthe Police Station, and he couldfind full and explicit directionsabout Clark's whereabouts. Thiswas done and immediately DudleyVeal, chief detective, was sent onBill's trail. Mrs. Clark, at herhome on High street, was telephoned by Dudley Veal and asked if oneWill F. Clark, traveling for aqueensware house, lived there.Without hesitating, Mrs. Clarkasked, "Now what in the worldhas Will been doing now?"Despite doubts, the matter wasstraightened out and J. A. Sternmade a special trip last Sunday afternoon to give a large order toBill, who advised Mr. Stern that asMrs. Clark has not been well, such"scares" concerning Bill's whereabouts might prove dangerous.PERIODIC BILIOUS ATTACKS ,Persons subject to periodic biliousattacks will observe that their appeilte fails them juBt before an attack.That is, they do not really cravefood, but eat because it Is meal time.If they will eat only a light mealand no meat, thn take two ofChamberlain's Tablets the attackmay be avoided.BREAK A 10 INJUST A FEW HOURSDon't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! A dose of "Pape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The first dose opens your cloggedup nostrils and the air passages ofthe head; stops nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, soreness and stiffness. "Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastescontains no quinine. Insist uponPape's!(adv)o -Humorous Comment.Willie had accompanied his motherto a church sociable at which icecream was served. The following Sunday his brother had served ice creamat the noonday meal, and there beinj:a small quantity left, had apportionedit to the members of the family asupper. On receiving his portion Willie iuukcu m ins piace critically, unm jsaid: "Mamma, this looks like :sociable dish of ice cream.''r 4ww IPT meal s?ouH feV tf . stir feelingly if 5?gg chzw 'IY a stick of Ia ka , . tn ri L - - t&Ft li iAiUi f Wl f &J fiil 5J Mw t1 " ' B8 sOther benefits: to feefh,breatb, appetite, neryes.Tftafs s good deal toget for 5 csnfslled Titsfif-KePt Right IThe Flavor Lasts-THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford One Ton Truck is a profitable"beast of burden" and surely has the "right ofway" in every line of business activity. For alltrucking purposes in the city and for all heavywork on the farm, the Ford One Ton Truckwith its manganese bronze worm-drive andevery other Ford merit of simplicity in design,strength in construction, economy in operation,low purchase price, stands head and shouldersabove any other truck on the market. Drop inand let's talkit over and leave your order for one.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.-WJvt-sw -Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetI What causes(5)An excess of acid in the stomachsours the food and starts ferjmentation. Distressing gases form. Mealsdon't digest but lay like lumps oflead. Then you have heartburn, flatulence, fullness, belching, headacheand real misery in the stomach andintestines.A few tablets of "Pape's Diapepsin" bring relief almost as soon asthey reach the atomacn. "Pape'sTl .. . 1141, ni .1.frsSf '.;ii f ronsx -r v w . jVfvZ9K&J$3k SsTJTHEi .I ll I 1 fiLLsff r t.r JF1. 'JHtHl i-o.Cf .WiKR' I iffttjc?!mm ii i v y w-:-vHl ,8fe3?3-cT MW i'.?5W PKsk?!c6&V? A4f .3K? rviTO nM,irA.UUK WAILnWUKDISATISFACTIONh With all the latest improve!?T ments in laundry aDDliances5& and expert helpers we aref?g prepated to do work infest .iw . . j . , ....m nor xo none, and solicitf your patronage.KThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentuckyrrsr3ffh.Rriv tjjiayeysiu. vuois unic ai uiug hhstores. - J (adv) x!s-f-srH ',TUESDAY, FEBRUARY17, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGl S VlNRr WS. -- , nr '!" y w 4A VREFRESHED INMORNINGS NOWCincinnati Man Takes Vola-Tonic For Benefits ItBrought HimOarcnce Brooding, 024 Race streof,Cincinnati, O., said he was so nervous until recently that many timeshe didn't get tosleep until' almost morning."But, since I'vebeen takingV o 1 a - Tonic'Mr. Breedingsaid, "my nerveshave improvedwonderfully andI sleep soundlyevery n i g h znow. I get upmornings feeling refreshed."My stomachtroubled me,too. My appetite was poorand what food 1did eat didn'tagree with me.I had indiges-mm, p'x wJwsCLARENCE BREEDING.hastion and constipation."One bottle of Vola-Tonicbrought me decided benefits."I have a fine appetite now and mystomach is in much better condition.I can eat anything I want without indigestion and the constipation is gone."It is a pleasure to recommend sucha medicine as Vola-Tonic to others."Thousands of people at Cincinnatiare taking Vola-Tonic. The medicineis a wonderful strength-builder audhas created a sensation in many cities.If you feel weak and run down tryVola-Tonic.DAGGER AT ALL GEADE' CROSS- J KATIOEAt FAHMEES' GRANGEAGAINST STBIKE&Fifteen hundred people were killed and double that number crippledin graae crossingrailways in 1919waste of life that followed foolishfcaste or careless indifference. Themajority of accidents were thosewhere auto drivers sought to runover the crossing and beat the coming train. All the accidents werepreventable. Prudence and carewould have saved all lives lost andspared the injured their troubles.Had the auto parties involved in theaccidents been successful in clearing the crossings ahead of the trainseach might have saved a minute ortwo of time. In an effort to savethe small amount of tijme they risked their lives and hundreds werelost. Who is there whose time is sovaluable that life need be put injeopardy that two minutes may besaved?The larger railway systems areseeking to reduce the number of accidents to reduce the number of accidents this year. They are sending the accident report of last yearto all auto clubs and soliciting helpin the campaign for safety. Gradecrossings are a constant hazard to'hose who travel the highways. Nojnatter what importance your errandmay have, can you not well afford tostop, look and listen, and by so doing protectlife and limb?oIf OlfrlOfUC0ltl ffcf?n f wmikxvu2 Special AgentVarden & Son, DruggistsIntelligent farmers of Americaknow when they have had enough,so it is no surprise that they ask fora return of the railroads to theowners.POR THE CHILDREN.Too much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a. cough medicine Corchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful drug andmost effectual in curing their coldsand coughs. Long experience hasshown that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy meets these conditions. Itis a favorite with many jnothers.(feb-adv)W9 WWW WW WW WWWWW WW W Vi(rW'1Southern Optical Co.Iucorpo rated:t:Manufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LenaA BIT OF ADVICEj First Don't Delay. SecondDon't Experiment.If you suffer fro,m backache;headaches or dizzy spells; if you restpoorly and are languid in the morning; if the kidney secretions are irregular and unnatural in appearance, do not delay. In such cases thekidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyprepared for kidney trouble. Askyour neighbor. They are recommended by thousands. Can Parisresidents desire more convincingproof of their effectiveness than thestatement of a Paris citizen who hasused them and willingly testifies totheir worth?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstreet, Paris, says: "Some years agoI found it necessary to use a kidneyrCjmedy a-nd as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I used them. Theyproved to he satisfactory and permanently rid me of the complaint.I have Ygood reason to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weaka-nd lame back or irregular passageot the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a. kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo.. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o-LOUISVILLE'S ANNUAL AUT0M0-1TIVE SHOW.The greatest exhibition in the history of the automotive industry inKentucky will be presented to thepublic, when the doors of the Armory are thrown open on February23, 1920.Thousands of dollars have beenexpended in making the Armory afitting place for the display of every(make of automobile, truck, tractorand accessory known to motordom.each of which will be a revelation ofquality, skill and art. All featuresof entertainment, with the exceptionof music, will be lacking, characterizing this show as a strictly educational enterprise.A number of new cars, both bynow concerns and by long established ones in Louisville, will be exhibited, and all these embody the mostup-to-date features. There is not amanufacturer who has not improvedhis output, and during this weekthe prospective buyer will have anopportunity to make his selectionfrom among the best models everpresented to the public.From the standpoint of an exhibition, the 1920 Louisville Automotive!siiw -a-ni probably rank as thouu --- . - , ,. r..v.ontt in the History or me ooumDon't mirs it.oWASHINGTON, February 16.(Denial that any croup of organizedaccidents over J workers possesses an inherent rightIt was the , to strike is contained in a memorialto Congress formulated Wednesdayat a conference here of representatives of four large farmers' organizations the National Grange, theAmerican Farm Bureau Federation,the Cotton State Board and the Asso- Jciation of State Farmers union presidents.In view of "recent events and happenings," representatives of the fourorganizations said it was agreed that Jtne attituae oi xne iarmer memDer- iship. of their associations on the right jto strike should be made plain toCojigress and to the country.Pointing out that the city population of the country is dependent onthe farmer for food and that interruption of this supply can be broughtabout through strikes of railroad orother transportation unions, thememorial asserts:"Those who believe that labor hasan "inherent right to organized astrike believe that such organizationshave a right to starve the people ofthe cities to death, on the one hand,and to destroy the property of theLfarmers on the other. No such righthas ever existed and no such rightexists now. It is economically unsound and the American people canand will work some other method forsettlement of such controversities.No set of men has ever had the moralor legal right to destroy propertyor cause suffering by conspiring together and the welfare of all the people must ever remain superior to thatof any class or group of people."What would be the verdict of thepeople if the farmers of the UnitedStates should suddenly decide to goon a strike and refuse to supply thewants and needs of those who areand clothing for themselves? Theynot in a position to produce foodwould be condemned from one endof the country to the other and thefact would be pointed out that theyas the owners and tillers of the land,had no right, either moral or legal,to bring about such a calamity. Ifthe farmers who own and occupy theland have no such moral or legalright, then why should it be conceded by any one that those who handlethe farmers' produce have a right toblock the transportation or industrialfacilities of the country, and thusjeoparadize the food and clothingsupply of the nation?"If the farmers have no suchrights, those who handle his productshave no such rights."oLIFT OFF CORNS!Apply few drops then lift sort,touchy corns off withfingersIrak(adv)Doe?n't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFree2ont on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,then you lift it right out. Yes,piagic!A tiny bottle of Frcezone costsj but a few cents at any drug store,but .is sufficient to remove everyhard corn, sofi corn, or com between the toes, and the calluses,without soreness or irritation.Freezonc is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati gonius It iswonderful. fadv)4th & Chestnut Sta.,LOUISVILLE, KY.4 Wculd Be a Joke.I John had been the only child In thefamily for five years, when one dayij little baby sister came. Several weeksI later the parents were talking about1 the little baby, saying how sweet she! was and how glad the.v were to haveI 114-1 .r. :1 Trli Itchiinin'r cnift l,fWI mother, wouldn't it hi a irood joke onboy?INSIDIOUS PROPAGANDA OF REPUBLICAN PARTY.! yon if sister turned r- rn Vlllllllllllilllllllllllllilllllill)lilllliil!!IIIIIIHIIIll!l!ll!llllINIIilltlllllllllllNliI You Can't Afford to Drive aMachine With a Shabby Top j1 Our Tops Are Perfect j1 Our Prices Reasonable j1 Fall City Buggy Top Go. 15 115-119 S. SECOND ST. LOUISVILLE, KY.BRING YOUR MACHINE TO US giiiiiiiiiiiitiHiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiiiimnniinnimniimimnmmiiiim"HHIEXMXiW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PH0NE5-DAY 137? NIGHT 299Cwntr Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'The newspapers representing theinterests of the Republican partyare endeavoring: . to "blow up" v theplans of the Democratic organization to bring together al lthe legitimate Democratic elements in theState. The following 'out of thewhole cloth,' appeared in the Louisville Herald, Sunday, February 8:" 'LOVE FEAST' OF DEMOCRATSREVIVES FEUD."Beckham-Stanley Factions ClashWhen It Comes To Selection of Advisory Committee; 'Old Crowd' InOrganization Rapped."As a matter of fact, the onlyground for this statement is thehope in the hearts of the Republican leaders that sofmething like thiswould occur to dampen the energiesand defeat the plans of the Democrats. The Republican leaderscannot conceal "from themselves,though they may hide from others,that their victory last Novemberwas due, not to party issues so muchas to party organization, and theyare ready to move heaven and earth,by fair means, or otherwise, as thisutterly faJse account in the Heraldshows, in order to prevent the Democrats from building up their fulllegitimate party strength.I Tt may seem at first rather strangethat a party only three months agowon a State election by forty oddthousand should already begin tofear for its place; but when it is re-XJ called that over 269,000 voters registered on me uexnocraiic sme in1916, and only 215,000 voted airDemocrats last year, it is plain thatJlr. Morrow's plurality of fortythousand and was not due to Demo-Micrats voting for 3iim. but to theirIjlj .jiot voting at all, while every single4 (111 solitary Republican, black or white.V. who could walk, crawl Qr be carriedwIIII!Now All Yw G&Fellows,Your PipesThe Velvet tinjo twice as bigst-3 shown herei va"Ti-. .fcl.LV.',V',jtaiAiaG&VVJ v.v'AJSSfr"!.rt jJ y.F ever men are Tom" and Bill" to each other,it's when good pipes are a-going. If ever goodpipes go their best, .''tis when Velvet's in thebowLiFor Velvet is a. mighty friendly smoke.Kentucky Burley is the leaf that Nature madeiov pipes. Wholesome and hearty, honest asthe day. And Velvet is that same good Burley leabrought to mellow middle age.For eight, long seasons Velvet "meditates" inwooden hogsheads, throwing off the rawness of"young" tobacco truly "ageing in the wood." OutVelvet comes cool, calm and generous the tobaccoNature made good, kept good and made better.0wVelvet's sweetness is the sweetness of goodtobacco, not "put on" like "frosting" on a cake. Itsmildness comes from natural ageing9 not from havingthe life baked out Its fragrance is true tobacco fragrance, not a perfume. And Velvet makes an ANumber One cigarette. Roll one..As gooa old Velvet Joe says:A"Fill yo heart with friendly thoughts,YoJ mouth with friendly smokeAn' let the old world wag."the friendly tobaccoto the polls was there on the job.In the successful co-ordination ofthe legitimate Democratic elements,therefore, the Republican partyleaders foresee their certain doom.iCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.There are people who never havea movement of the bowels without itis produced by a cathartic Most ofthem have brought that condition onthemselves by the use of mineral waters and strong cathartics that taketoo much water out of the systemand aggravate the disease they aremeant to relieve. A jmild laxativetonic like Chamberlain's Tablets affords a gentle movement of the howels that you hardly realize has beenproduced by a medicine, and theirjsc is not so likely to be followed byconstipation.(feb-adv)- toThose Democrats who are credited jwith seeking to hare a "wet" plankincorporated in the platform maymerely want to pnake sure of getting rid of Bryan.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices&r'i. .-.X'PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 192ifviXrMlLLERSBURG. ';MATRIMONIAL.Mr. R. L. Tarr and family leftto-day tor Florida, wuere t-ney winspends the remainder of the winter.Mr. James Martin -has sold hisproperty, recently purchased from.3Ir. Burt McClintock, to Mrs. ToadTine, for ?6,600.BIG PUBLIC SALE. .AttendSheeler's sale on February 28. See,aiivertisejment in another column.. ' Ud)..,IJegular meeting' of AjnutyILodge No. 40, F. & A. M., at 7:30p. m. to-day. Third Degree workon. All members urged to be present. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Corringtonleft Saturday for the bedside of herbrother-in-law, Mr. Henry Conway,ut Atlanta, Ga., who i scritically ill-with the "flu."See my handsome line of samples in ladies' dress goods, and draperies. The assortment is large and"beautiful. Quality the best.MRS. R. M. CALDWELL.LOST. A ladies' gold watchsome days ago. Was a wrist watchwith the bracelet detached. TheSnder will please return same toMr. or Mrs. R. M. Caldwell and receive reward. (17-4t)Miss Wood, nurse at M. M. I.,has been called to Paris to nurseDr. C. B. Smith, who continuesquite ill. Miss Wood has nursed anumber of patients for Dr. Smith inthe past several years.. And it wastnrough him she secured the position at M. M. I., which she held fora. part of the past tVw years.THE SI'K The sick are all-'A (marriage license was issuedSaturday by County Clerk PearcePaton, to Mrs. Mabel Barnshill, 2.7,of Harrison county, and Joseph L.Lusby, 28, of Georgetown.BANTA PRICE.. Miss. Fannie Katherine Banta,of near Carlisle, and Mr. ClarenceA. Price, . of. near Austerlitz, thiscounty, .were united in- marriage inCarlisle,'" Friday. The groom is aprosperous young farmer of theAusterlitz vicinity. -BREEN BURKE.Announcement lias been madeby Mr.' and Mrs. Daniel : Breen, ofLiberty, Indiana, of the engagement of their daughter, Miss NoraBreen, to John P. Rourke, Jr., ofParis. The wedding is scheduled .tooccur at an early date. The prospective groom is a popular youngemploye of the Louisville & Nashville, at this point. He has a largecircle of friends here who wish himand his future bride unending happiness.THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND II Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax .fcChildren and Gallery !8cplus 2c war tax.,...2'cTODAY, TUESDAYWILLIAM RUSSELLin 'The Lincoln Highwayman'Action, suspense, mystery, thrills andromance in the fastest .'moving photoplayof the year,WILLIAM DUNCANin 'SMASHING BARRIERS'Sunshine Comedy"The Footlight Maids"Tomorrow, WednesdayBILLIE BURKEin "Sadie Love"Beautiful scenes, charming gowns,,gak o i z .laughter ancl pecks of pep.. ADDED FEATURES" Topics of the Day'.'Bray Rictograph rancS Prizma Color Picture"The Petrified Forest"Thursday, February 19thWILLIAM RUSSELLin "Six Feet Four"A play of .open spaces where men'love strongly, mate deeply, shoot quickly,face deadly peril, ride like the wind and'cherish a friendship as they do their ownhonor.Also Vod -a - Vil Moviesaircf Pathe ReviewGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and Eveningcounty, being- handsome, vivaciousand possessing a charming personality. She is the only daughter ofMrs. Laura Wiggins and is a sisterof John S. Wiggins, member of theBourbon Fiscal Court and pnanageror tne Military Stock Farm, nearRELIGIOUS. 1t Ii BSeries 20-Christian ChurchSTONE DAVIS.Thn fnl lowing nnnnnnnpniPTifcards have been issued: "Mrs.Anna Stone announces the (marriageof her daughter, Agnes Elizabeth,to Mr. Henry M. Davis, Februaryeleventh, nineteen hundred andtwenty, Paris, Kentucky. At HomeI after February 15, Brighton. Ky."The couple were married by Rev.W. E. Ellis, at his home in this city.They are botn popular ana promiimproving. Ihere has been no new .nent members of Fayette countycases of "flu" or scarlet fever in the families.;past -several days, though there areuite a number of cases of the "flu."tittle Miss Katherine Jones continues about the same. Dr. C. B. Smithis improving at Massie MemorialHospital, at Paris.WONDERFUL CHANCE TOBUY TOOLS. Attend Sheeler's saleand buy tools, as you will have noplace to borrow after sale. See ad?ertisement. (td)HOPKINS BURKETT.Friends in this city have received cards of invitation to the wed-j ding of Miss Anna Catherine Hopi kins, of Covington, to Mr. George J.J Burkett, of Cincinnati. The ceremony will be performed at seveno'clock, in St. John's Church, ini Covington, to-day.j The bride-elect -w ill be pleasantly1 rrmifrmhprpfl hprft vhnro hp. wak. W.J - w- -V, ...V.h- - v .,Hutchison. Mr. Harber is a nonular ."TV1"""11... Wl"ca. Vnaar-vmiinr wiec of TjinH I -baay, eoruary iy, C3U p. m..,a E e "i . i ' i Choir practice; Wednesday, Febru-""U "W J.VX .lly IV1 IH JUIQ Ut.l11 tVhighly-valued member of the Kellogg & Co. sales forces. Mr. andMrs. Harber have the best wishes of )many friends for a long life of -happinessand prosperity.following handsome complement to NEWSPAPER MENMr. ana Mrs. naroer:ary 18, 3:30 p. m. TrebleClub; Wednesday, February7:30 p. m. Prayer Meeting;t day, February 20, 7:30 p.Choir Practice.oThe dry goods store of Mr. C.W. Corrington was entered by bur- for many months one of the trainedglars Thursday night, effecting an j nurse staff in the Massie Memorialentrance through one of the rear j Hospital. She is a young voman ofwindows of the building. Several . charming personality, and is apairs of shoes, "some underwear and j daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Williama large quantity of tobacco cotton j Hopkins, of Covington. Mr. Burkwas taken. Chief of Police Fred ett is prominent in business circlesLink, of Paris, was on the scene 0f the Queen City. Local friends ofu-rly Friday morning and has the the. bride are- extending Their nearly:DEATHS.rise in nis nanas. wofor has been worked out.clue thus congratulations.At their meeting lield Saturday,the Twentieth Century Club rendered the following program, withMrs. Best as hostess: Roll Call;Stories of Lincoln; Reading, "ThePerfect Tribute," Mrs. Best; "Kentucky Women in Early History,"Mrs. TV". M. Miller; "Kentucky Women in Work of Recent Years,"Miss McClintock; "Kentucky Wojmenin Literature," Mrs. Current;Reading from "Mrs. Wiggs, of TheCabbage Patch," Mrs. Elgin Poole.. oCOME EARLY' Goods are very scarce. Attendcur Cash February and March Saleearly. Our sale is a real sale 20hiZ regular prices. Can you get thisr.";y place else?THE J T. HINTON CO.WIGGINS HARBER.Friends, acquaintances and relatives of the charming bride in thisimmediate vicinity wjere pleasantlysurprised recently when messageswere received here announcing themarriage of Miss Rachel Wiggins, ofraris, to Mr. Overton Harber, ofRichmond.The ceremony was performed lastThursday afternoon at the ChristChurch Cathedral, in Cincinnati bythe rector, in the presence of a fewwitnesses, intimate friends of theprincipals. Mr. Harber and MissWiggins had been victims some timeago of Cupids' darts and it was thegeneral impression that their marriage would take place some timethis month.The bride is one of the most popular young women of Bourbon"Friends here were greatly interested and surprised to learn of thewedding of Mr. Overton Harber, ofthis city, and Miss Rachel Wiggins,of Paris, which was solemnized atCincinnati, Thursday. Mr. Harberhad taken but few into his confidence. A host of friends and lovedones will extend hearty congratulations to this popular young businessman. He has been connected withthe sales forces of the Kellogg Co.for several, years. His fair bride isone cf the most attractive women ofBourbon county, of a prominentfamilv there and beloved by all. Shewill be given a cordial welcome toRichmond."NOT ONCIDE LIST.Clef18,Fri-im.SUI-OtudehakerSpecial SixSPIEGAL.Mrs. Martin Speigal, a formerresident of Paris, died in Covington, Sunday night, after a shortillness. The body arrived in Parislast night, and was taken to theresidence of her brother, D. T.Boaz, on Nineteenth street. Thefuneral arrangements had not beencompleted last night and will beannounced later.OOTQOOOQOQOQ& wcw ami ri pi&x TH ZL 1K7 UI1I Jf Z taa z ' " IT - " irA - "Zrm LOVE SONGSwmVjh ThatjgsrEverybody LovesQQVVVVQVQQVON!),kLWHV?. ",NEW LOVE SONGSSFMWBf3&JKTOBwxfiiV' mV "t&9bv vf"TvPHONOGRAPH,KsfrSweet KissesHawaiian Lullaby . .Wonderful PalOn the Trail to Santa Fe .I Never Knew .....I'm. Like a Ship Without a SailRomany Where Love Runs WildArizona Mona . .Your Eyes Have Told Me SoWeeping Willow LaneOLD LOVE SONGSComm' Thru the Rye ....The Wind's in the SouthRose in the BudHoming ...2215322242222612226522200WILSON.Verna Belle Wilson, agedtwelve, died Saturday night of influenza, at the home of her mother,Mrs. Permelia Wilson, near Paris.She is survived by her mother andone sister, both of whom are ill ofthe same disease at the Massie Memorial H6spital, in this city.The body was prepared for burialand was taken to Mt. Pleasant, inNicholas county, where the funeralwas held at two o'clock yesterdayafternoon, followed by burial in theMt. Pleasant Cemetery.Robin Adair .The Moon HasAboveRaised Her LampAnnie LaurieYe Banks and Braes a Bonnie DoonSilver Threads Among the GoldWe've Been Chums forHfty Years .Come in and hear them today250092751340185401S625004SMITH.Death again entered the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Jos. A. Smith, residing on the Jackstown pike, nearParis, Friday, and claimed a thirdvictim, their daughter, who hadbeen seriously ill for several daysof pneumonia, succumbing to thedisease. Two brothers died a fewdays ago within a few hours of eachother, and the sister died a shortlime after their bodies were interred in the Paris Cemetery- The sister's body was interred on the family lot by the side of her brothers.Saturday morning. The mother andtwo children are very ill with thesame malady. , , ... . ,The Save-a-Life League, in publishing its collection of figures onsuicide, remarks that journalism isa profession the members of which !are content to let nature take its !course. Lawyers, doctor?- and teach- ters shake off the coil, but newspaper imen are free from the piania.The newspaperman has to be Icheerful and patient. Once in theprofession he works constantly and .his thoughts are largely occupiedwith matters beyond his own fortunes. He has no time for a dangerous amount of introspection. Hestudies too many people to take anyone, including himself, too seriously. Life is pretty much a jokebut it is good to be here, he reasons.Then, too, there is the other sideof the story. Newspaperpnen areoften called upon to be the first totell those left behind the first newsof a suicide. Their intimate knowledge of the shock, the grief and thedistress which are caused makethem respect the commandment.Finally, "suicide" is lying down onan assignment.SirOliver Lodge has been tellingNew York audiences lately that themessages from "suicides" beyondihe veil are that they are continuallydistressed that they ended theirlives.oIt has just about gotten so in thi?country that when a man figures onbuilding a house his face gets soioflg his chin rubs his vest buttons.The mechanical excellence, ease of control andremarkable riding comfort of the SERIES 20 SPECIALSIX can only be appreciated when you sit behind thewheel and feel the responsiveness of its flexible motor toyour slightest touch.'50 h. p. detachable-head motor; intermediate transmission; ' 119-inch wheelbase; five-passenger capacity;cord tire equipment; outside and inside doorhandles; improved windshield with bullet shaped cowi lamps; extension tonneau lamp.Studebaker quality, dominant for sixty-eightyears, is reflected in this SPECIAL SIX.We are pleased to demonstrate theSTUDEBAKER SPECIAL SIX byappointment, and we can make immediate delivery at the present time.The McDonald-Gibson CompanyOpposite Windsor HotelCitizens Garage Both Phones 294The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done RightrzBrooks & Snappjtr-DruggistsdPENCE.Following a short illness DavidPence, aged sixty-nine, a prominentfarmer of the North Middletownprecinct, died at an early hour Sunday morning- at his home. He issurvived by his widow, two sons,Andrew Pence, of North Middletown, and Bunyan Pence, of St.Louis, Mo., and one daughter. Mrs.Martha Welch, of the Ruddles Millsvicinity.The funeral will be held at 2:30o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon,in the Christian church, at NorthMiddletown, with services conducted by Rev. Frank W. Tinder. Theburial will follow on the family lotin tlia North Middletown Cemetery.The committal exercises at thesrave will be conducted by the Masonic lodgo of North Middletown, of jwhich he had long Deen a aevoieamember.JEFFEKSON DAVIS AND ALBERTSIDNEY JOHNSON TRANSYLVANIA GRADUATESTt is not generally known, but itis a fact, that Jefferson Davis andAlbert Sidney Johnson, who playedsuch a prominent part in the warbetween the sections from 1SG1 to1865, were graduates in the sameclass from Transylvania College.These young men entered Transylvania at the same time, were graduated -the same day, left Lexingtonfor ?.Vst Point, where the foundation of their military careers werelaid, at the same ti;me. These a-ndother interesting facts have been,learned from an inspection of orig-inal records in the old library ofTransylvania, for which the collegewill conduct a campaign April 21to May 2, to place it in a fireproof' building. Transylvania expects toj raise $588,124 this year and a toiaiof more than two and, a qiiarter, J millions of dollars in the next fivet years to place the Institution in the, front rank of Christian Colleges.Buy Shoes at Cut Prices atthe GreatCLEARANCE SALEThis week week we offer the same wonderfulshoe values that so delighted the shoppers in thepast week.Seldom, if ever, has such a money saving opportunity been offered to you. The low pricesseem almost incredible when you consider theadvance market prices.BUY AT THIS SALE ANDSAVE ALMOST HALFwitAiirAJiKKCii'WSPfIMS BAK SIShoes for the Entire Family at Cut PricesLadies7 Shoes Reduced to $4.99Tan English Boots, high heel boots inblack and tan, values up to 7.00.Ladies' Shoes Reduced to $4.95Black Kid English, Tan Kid English andHigh Heel Boots, values to $8.00.Ladies' Boots Reduced to $5.95Beautiful Tan and Glazed Kid highgrade boots, values to $8.50.Big lot Ladies' $6.00 Gray. Kid Bootsreduced toBig lot Ladies $5.00 Tan Cloth TonLace Boots reduced to .Big lot Ladies' "Kid Shoes, warmlined, $3.00 values, at$3,45$2,99$1.99Men's Shoes Reduced to $4.95Gun Metal and Kid, values to ST. 50.Men's Shoes Reduced to $5.9?Dark Tan English, Gun Metal andKid, values to $8.50.ViciAnother lot of Men's $4.50 Tan andBlack Good Work Shoes at.... $2.99Misses' Gun Metal Lace and ButtonShoes, $3.00 values at $ 1 .69Misses' and Children's $4.00 LaceBoots reduced to $2.99Infants' $1.50 Kid Button Shoesreduced to $ 1 .OOBoys', Youths' and Little Gents'$3.00 Shoes at , $1.99Boys' and Youths' High GrideShoes, worth $5.50, at $3.49nDAN COHENPari; Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty m& Economy Rctjn