"Zrr-iiv4--: -t ,-r.--'THE BOURBON NEWS1fc.,&&&: fHV it -. ' " 1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR., - v " -VOLUME XLPAR5S, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 1920JIARMERS TO HOLD IMPORTANT?MEETING MONDAY.The farmers of Bourbon countyare asked to meet at the courthouse in this city on next Monday,April 5, County Court Day, at twoo'clock in the afternoon.An important meeting will beheld. Mr. J. S. Crenshaw, of Cadiz,3y., and Dr. Fred Mutchler, of theAgricultural College of KentuckyUniversity, at Lexington, will address the farmers of the county andexplain the Farm Bureau movement. Everywhere farmers are organizing to protect their own interests toco-operate with other organized interests. Mr. Farmer, it is to yourintrest to be present and heartese speakers. Your county is already organized. Do not forget thedae, and do not fail to be present.It is of the utmost importance thatyc should be there. The speakingv. ill be held under the auspices ofthe recently organized BourbonCounty Farm Bureau Federation,of which Walter S. Meng is president. The Bureau's educational campaign will open at Millersburg, Saturday night at seven o'clock, whenthe farmers of that section will beaddressed at the opera house byGeoffrey Morgan, of the College ofAgriculture of the University ofKentucky, and Mr. J. C. Crenshaw,of Cadiz, Ky. Other meetings arebeing arranged to be held in thecounty at later dates.The precinct committeemen forthe Farmers' Bureau in this countyare as follows: Paris A. B. Hancocfc; Millersburg W. F. Sanders;Little Rock Edsell Clarke and RayBurris; North Middletown J. W.Jones; Clintonville Sam Weathers;Hutchison Robert Meteer and J.W. Beli; Centerville Vol. W. Ferguson; Ruddels Mills Clifton Dalzeli. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERSELECTED.At a recent meeting of the stockholders of the Lee-Kent Oil Co. thefollowing Board of Directors wasselected: Wm. R. Blakemore, Dr.J. M. Williams, M. A. Cabal, JohnW. Clay. W. C. Bell, Robert E.Shea, Edward Stump, Blair Varden, George W. Stuart, N. B.Hedges, Chas. P. Mann and EdwardF. Spears.The new Board held a meetingand by a unanimous vote re-electedthe following officers: Wm. R.Blakemore, president; W. C Bell,treasurer; Blair Varden, secretary;Chas. P. Mann, sales manager;Wade A. Whitley, chief counsel.PLENTY OF SUITS AT S40Good all-wool suits of the samestandard qualities you always foundhere.J. W. DAVIS & CO.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPRINGSHOWINGPolo CoatsSuitsSilk and Jersey DressesChintz and Gingham WashDressesMisses' and Children's Jack TarTogsSilk, Georgette and Crepe de CheneWaistsHand Made Voile and BatisteWaists1Plain and Fancy SkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSTONE BUYS INTEREST INPARIS ICE PLANTAccording to- information givenTHE NEWS recently from what isconsidered a reliable source, a dealhas beer, consummated by whichBen Stone, of Georgetown, purchased the Graziani interests in theParis Ice Manufacturing Co.'s plantand business, held by J. B. Grazianiand heirs of the late J. B. Graziani,of Covington.Phil Nippert will remain withthe concern in the capacity of manager, giving the public the samecourteous and careful attention in abusiness way that has always characterized his dealings with' them.Mr. Stone is a prominent businessman of Georgetown, and has forn,any years associated with JohnMontgomery in the managements ofthe Georgetown ice plant and assoated enterprises. Paris will gladlywelcome Mr. Stone to the businesslife of the community.The Paris plant is undergoing anextensive overhauling and improvements costing several thousand dollar.-?are being made that will enlarge the capacity of the plant andmake a repetition of ice famines athing of the past here.BOY ERACTURES SKULL.While swinging from a rope inthe gymnasium of the Y. M. C. A.late yesterday afternoon, Edward"Petie" Floyd, aged eleven, son of H.H. Floyd, manager of the Cumberland Telephone Co., lost his balanceand fell to the floor, 'a distance otabout fifteen feet. His skull wasfractured, and both arms and oneleg were broken. It was stated! that the boy was being pulled up tothe balcony on the rope by a coloredman, and lost his hold just as thebalcony was within reach.He was hurried to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where his injurieswere attended to by Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty. As THE NEWS wentto press last night he was reportedas heins unconscious and in a crit-! ical condition.OLD TIMES IN PARIS.Twenty years ago yesterday theG. G. White distillery, in EastParis, was burned to the ground oy'fire of unknown origin. Severalhundied barrels of the famousChicken Cock brand of whiskywent up in flames. The loss was estimated at about $40,000. Sometime after a new building waserected a short distance above theI site of the old distillery. This z, now occupied by Chas. S. Brent &iBro. The site of the old distillerynow belongs to the same firm. Thewarehouses in which the famousproduct was stored to age are nowoccupied by the same firm. Verily,how things have changed about theold town!NEGRO TAKEN FROM PARISOFFICER IS LYNCHEDWhen THE NEWS closed its report Monday night of the action ofa mob of men in taking from officersat this point Grant Smith, colored,wanted in Fleming county, on acharge of criminal assault, it wasnot known what disposition hadhad been made of the prisoner.Conflicting reports came from different sources, and, as communication had been cut off from Flemingsburg and other places, it was impossible to learn the negro's fatethat night. Press dispatches thefollowing morning indicated whathis end had been.The revolver and handcuffs belonging to Chief of Police Link,which had been taken from him atthe time were returned to him m amysterious package Wednesdayfrom a mysterious source, withoutcomment or a message of any kind.One of the most ridiculous storieslegarding the affair was that printed in Tuesday's issue of the Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune, in whichit spoke of a mob of "Bourbon county mountaineers," "At this writingthe body of the negro is swingingfrom the end of a rope at the L. &N. railroad bridge near " Millersburg," etc. For misinformation anda lack of knowledge of this sectionof the country the Commercial-Tribune'sstatement takes the wholebakery, and then some.Smith's victim attended collegein Millersburg, where, after a time,the teachers learned of her trouble,and her parents took her home.She was there a week before the negro left. She was later sent to ahospital in Louisville. She toldher parents that the repeated threatsof death made by the negro had kepther silent until she could no longerdo so, and had to tell them thetruth. Smith, fearing that histhreats would have no effect afterthe girl had informed her parents,left for paits unknown the day after the first attempt to lynch Lockett at Lexington.The Coroner's jury returned a verdict stating that Grant Smith, negro, lynched on the Maysville pikefor alleged assault on a girl, metdeath at hands of persons unknown.Whether a grand jury investigation of the lynching will be held hasnot yet been announced. DeputySheriff George W. Powell, froi.iwhom the negro was taken at Paris,said on his arrival at Flemingsburg,Tuesday, that he was unable toidentify any of the members ofthemob.The body of Smith was cut downfrom the pole Tuesday and turnedover to the family of the mob's victim. Governor Edwin P. Morrow, whowas in Louisville, Monday night, remained up until long past midnightwaiting definite word from Flemingcounty, where a mob lynched GrantSmith.The Governor referred to the enactment by the recent Legislatureof the law requiring removal fromoffice of peace officers who surrender their prisoners to mobs and declared while the law is still inoperative (it does not take effect untilJune) there is no doubt as to themoral responsibility of the officersin allowing Smith to be taken fromtheir custody."The incident is most regrettable," said the Governor, "and thelaw should have been allowed totake its course."'Summary justice dealt to WillLocke tt at Lexington recentlyshould leave no doubt m any honestmind that Kentuckians know howto deal with criminals of this type."A Paris newspaper man, who hadfollowed the trail of the men wholook the negro, Grant Smith, fromthe officers here, and started towardFleming county, where the crimewas committed, found at 3:30o'clock Tuesday morning the deadbody of the negro suspended fromthe cross-arm of a telephone pole onthe Maysville pike, six miles fromMayslick, swaying in the wind.Although his captors left Paris at6 o'clock with their victim, Smithwas not hanged for several hours.His captors seemed to have in mindthe new law, which provides thatthe penalty for rape is that the victim shall be hanged in the countyin wThich the crime was committed.The negro was taken to a pointnear Maj slick, Mason county, butwithin the borders of Fleming. Onhis way to the scene of the execution, Smith is said to have made afull confession to his captors, admitting he had forcibly taken advantage of the young girl on twooccasions, and that "he didn't knowwhy he did it."When the self-appointed executioners arrived at a point six milesfrom Maynlick, they were met bythe delegation which had been onwatch in Maysville. The two parties combined and the negro wasasked if be had anything to say.He asked for time to pray and wasgranted five minutes. Those whoheard the prayer say 4ie confessedhis sins to God, asked to be forgivenand then told those personally incharge of him that he was ready.A hangman's noose, made from apiece of new rope was placedaround his neck. Some one in thecrowd had brought along a pair ofclimbers, used by telephone linemen. Taking the end of the ropebe rapidly climbed the pole, threwthe end ever the cross-bar and asbe was descending the pole the negro's body was being hoisted to adistance of twenty feet.,- Smith, slowly strangled to death!REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSz.Garrard Daugherty purchasedWednesday of David Field, a lotlocated in White Addition for a private price. Mr. Daugherty willprobably erect? a cottage on the lotthis spring.Hairis, Speakes & Harris purchased this week of Mrs. Emily GreenVarden, of Lexington, a two-storyframe lesidence, located on SouthPleasant street, near Twelfth, for aprice not given out ifor publication.Harris, Speakes & Harris, of thiscity, sold Tuesday for W. W. Boone,his farm located on the Greenwichpike, in this county, containing 105acres, to M. E. Mattox, of Millersburg, for $175 an acre. Mr. Mattoxwill get possession of the place inabout thirty days.Through the Paris Realty Co., tf.A. Stern, of the Fair Store, purchased Tuesday of Gus and Hensel Mar?olen the two-story brick b'usinessbouse, on Main street, occupied byGeorge McWilliams, for $5,000, forinvestment purposes. Mr. McWilliams will remain in the propertyfor the present.Mayor E. B. January sold privately Wednesday to Frank P. Kiserfor $12,000 his handsome two-storyframe residence located on Houstonavenue. Mr. Kiser gets immediatepossession. Mayor January purchased the property from the Wm.E. Board estate about eight monthsago for $6,300. It was stated yesterday that Mr. Kiser was acting asagent for a prominent Paris business man in the purchase of theproperty. Mayor and Mrs. E. B.January have taken apartments inthe Robneel Flat, at the corner ofMain and Eighth streets.WEAR SOMETHING NEW ONEASTERGood luck to the man who doesespecially lucky is the man who selects a suit ofJ. W. DAVJS & CO.SPECIAL OFFICER RETURNSWITH PRISONER.J,'oioner Rudolph Davis, specialcivonr deputi7dd by Chief of PoliceiVcii Link for the purpose, returnedWednesday from Youngstown, Ohio,having in charge Sidney Ormes, aformer resident of this city, chargedwith deserting his wife and babe inthis city. During his residence inParis, Oimes was a lineman in theemploy of the Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Company.A complaint was lodged againsthim at the March term of theBuuibon Circuit Court, recently adjourned alleging that he had abandoned his infant child in this citywithout making proper provisionfor its support. Ormes waived theformality of waiting for the issuanceof requisition papers . and came toParis willingly.LET'S SEND SOME MORE TELEGRAMS. The Mayor was bragging last weekabout a telegram from the WaterCompany, stating we would havemore and better water. It rainedfaince then and the water is just asbad es before.Every time we protest to the Gas& Electric Co. they promise to dobetter, and the same as the WaterCompany, no relief is given us.The lights are either out on thestreets or in the residence sectionbut the 'meters continue to run justthe same.Let's have a bunch of telegramsprinted and sent regularly to both ofthe above concerns. They are bothjokes, and both of the clever managers are to "be sympathized with.SPARKS CAUSE FLAMESThe fire department was calledWednesday afternoon by an alarmfrom Box 34 to a point near theParis Cemetery, where sparks falling in a pile of hemp herds hadcaused a big blaze. The departmentextinguished the flames. This isthe fourth call from that vicinity inthe past few days.Fire, Wind And LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanHe was muttering, "Lord, forgiveme," as the rope tightened abouthis neck, shutting off his power ofspeech. As soon as the negro wasdead, the party dispersed, going inopposite directions. The deadbody of the negro was left withonly a baying dogmas its companion.From early daylight until 10o'clock Tuesday morning the roadleading to the scene of the lynchingwas blocked with vehicles of alldescriptions, many coming fromLexington, Paris, Maysville andother river points. At 10 o'clockthe coroner of Fleming county arrived, and with the assistance otseveral men, cut down the body,placed it in a wooden box and tookit to Flemingsburg, where itjwill beBuried by the county. Smith issurvived by his wife and four children. l "" -, BOURBON FISCAL COURT.The Bourbon Fiscal Court metyesterday in a special term in theCounty Court room for the consideration of business. Judge GeorgrBatterton presided, with the following Justices present: L. J. Fret,well, E. P. Thomason, R. H. Burris,J. S. Talbott, A. L. Stephenson, J..J. Wiggins, J. N. Shropshire and R.iO. Turner.The report of County Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford for the monthof March was received and filed.Claims against the county amountling to $941.90 were allowed and.ordered paid.I It was ordered by the Court thatI an advalorem tax on all propertyi subject to taxation within the counIty of Bourbon as assessed for Statepurposes be levied for the year 1920jfor county purposes as follows: Topay court house bonds and intereston said bonds, 3 cents on each$100 worth of property; turnpikesand bridges, 25 cents; general purposes, 21 cents; further ordeisthat a poll tax of $1.50 he levied oneach male inhabitant over twentyone; ad valorem tax outside the cityof Paris and Little Rock GradedSchool and North MiddletownGraded School district for schoolpurposes, 25 cents; poll tax $1.00;ordered a special road tax of twentycents on each $100 as voted to belevied and collected by Sheriff for1920. . 'The resignation of Silas E. Bedford as County Treasurer was nre-isented, and accepted. Wallace W.Mitchell was elected his successor.The bid of John Cain of $2.25 forturnpike construction was accepted,all others being rejected. Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse ofthe Health and Welfare League,was ordered paid $6.00 per monthfor the support of Herrington child,and $3.00 for Minty Palmer. TheCounty Treasurer was authorizedto borrow the sum of $25,000 foruse of the Turnpike Fund. TheTreasurer reported that he had purchased eight Liberty bonds amounting to $7,399.84, for the GarthFund, and nineteen for the Hamilton Fund, amounting to $17,-,337.13-A GENTLEMANSubscribed $1,000.00 this weekto trie Massie Hospital fund.If you can't give that much, dowhat you can, but come in withall that you can.EASTER OXFORDS AND PUMPSNo matter how stylish you aredressed on Easter your attire is noi Icomplete without your footwear isjlown his registered Percheron stalcorrespondingly nice. See our newliont -Enterprise, and two fineSuede Oxfords and Pumps in Brown i ;acks Fred Kauffman and Shedand Black they are dreams. I Warring. All three animals will be(It) HARRY LINVILLE. jplaced u the stud.WE KNOW HOWFOR MASTERHare a Stein-Bloeh Suit0 the casual observer clothes areJjust clothes mostlthere is an important difference between the generalwear clothes andStein-BlochSmart .ClothesYou can readily see the pattern andstyle in any suit. But the wearingquality the service ability ofclothes depend largely upon the unseen things the linings, the needlework, ihe tailoring. These unseenthings you take on faith.Yet not entirely on faith, because theStem-Bloch label, which stands forSixty-three Years of Knowing How,is a pledge of quality in itself. Andour label endorses it.You begin to fully appreciate SteinBloch Smart Clothes only after suchservice as would put ordinary clothesinto the discard. It is this inherentquality of continued smartnesssmartness as long as the woolens holdtogethei: that makes Stein-Bloch thechoice of men who know.MITCHELL &THE MASSIE HOSPITAL CAMPAIGN. "We are on the last lap of therace, and going strong," said Job.W. Davis, yesterday, speaking ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital Campaign. "We now have on handabout $18,000. One contributor,whose name is withheld by request,sent in a check for $1,000. We areplaying a waiting game, knowing:there are many yet who desire tocontribute to the fund, but wewould like very much to close thecampaign as soon as possible. Manyhave not yet been seen, and severalwho want to contribute have askedus to call again, so there's thesesubscriptions to be taken in yet onthe final total. The Hospital Isfull to the doors with patients andthe campaign is progressing nicely."The following amounts havebeen subscribed since the last report was made public:"A Friend" $1,000.00Cash 50.00Sam Houston 25.00E. D. Bell 10.00Mrs. Jno. A. Lyle 10.00oOXFOEDS AND PUMPS IN BEOWKAND BLACK POR EASTERSpecial lot in all sizes of Oxfordsand Pumps for Easter wear. Let usfix you up with something in footwear that is worth while, and thathas class. Buy to-day, as the rightkind of shoes are scarce.(It) HARRY LINVILLE.oW. W. MITCHELL APPOINTED ASCOUNTY TREASURER.At a meeting of the Bourbon Fiscal Court yesterday the resignationof Silas E. Bedford as County Treasurer was reluctantly accepted, inview of the splendid and faithfulservices he had rendered the countyin handling its finances. By aunanimous vote the Court appointedWallace W. Mitchell, cashier of theFarmers and Traders Bank, as Mr.Bedford's successor.Mr. Mitchell has had a large experience in public offices, and willbring to the duties of his new position a ripe judgment born of longexperience in financial matters. Hehas been in the banking business formany years and knows all the insand outs of the financial world.The Court has made an excellentselection, a worthy honor bestowedon a worthy man. Mr. Mitchell accepted the responsibility and hasassumed his new duties.RECENT STOCK TRANSACTIONSWm. H. Whaley, of Paris, purfrhasprl of L. J. Hambrick. of Georee-all alike. Yetrun of ready-to-BLAKEMORES;3 ---"'-, v-i'&i. 'V.,-xv. , fj-v, 1s-yVvr sVMS TimTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYvFRIDAY; APRIL 2, lMf." -. ;,..f.T--BOXES MAY BE SUB-LET FORRACES.in face of the biggest demand for"toxes ever known at the Lexingtontrack for a Spring racing seasonxrhich opens this year on April 24,the Kentucky Jockey Club has announced that a special ruling hadTmuI been made to allow any boxowners who will not be able to attend the Spring meeting to sub-lettheir boxes, without losing controloyer them.Arrangements to sub-let the'Spring meet must be made, however,through Francis Douglas, Governor-of the Jockey Club, who is in chargeof this phase of the Club's activities.Mr. Douglas stated that a longwaiting list of boxes had been filed-with him, and that any box-ownerwho wished to retain possession forthe fall meeting, but who will notTieed it for the spring events, could-select from this list a suitable partyand the sub-letting arrangementswould be made through the JockeyClub.oPaying Federal Officials.The president of the United StatesIs paid by settlement warrant, which3s-practically the same as a check.This warrant Is sent' to him by messenger from the treasury twice amonth. Senators and representativesare paid either by check or cash asthey personally desire through congressional disbursement checks. Whenthey are paid in cash they receivecrisp, new bills, as does nearly everyone who lives in Washington.SPRINGSHOWINGLadies' and Misses'SUITS COATSSKIRTS BLOUSESDRESSES MILLINERYETC., ETC.Twin Bros.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyAetnaAvtoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualties?Q.A, J. FEBAGENT"That Telephone is OutlOC DISTJtcAof Order"The "outside plant' of the telephone exchange is largelyexposed to the weather; even the best nniiniuined of modernplants yield to the elements) and to accidents at times.The lead sheath of the aerial cable covering hundreds oftiny copper wires -wrapped -with, paper ertallizes; microscopic cracks or perforations appear; a driving rain penetrates to the paper insulation and fifty or a lnuidred telephone circuits arc ""crossed up.'Sleet and ice gather on the wires and drag them down;the unuMial weight mav snap a pole the telephones onthat '"lead" are "'dead.'Twisted-pair '"drop wircu' to the subscriber's house becomewater-soaked ami "'crobscd:' a tree or limb is blown acrossa line; a runaway truck breaks a pole; lightning or currentfrom a broken power wire "'blows' fuses; a down-town firedestroys a distributing poleJust a few samples of the many things that happen; thatprecaution cannot prevent. Is it any wonder that yourtelephone "goes dead occasionally?"At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.I II T" IISTATE MAY LOSE PART OF ROADAID FUND.The State of Kentucky will losea good part of the federal aid appropriation by Congress for highways in that State unless road projects eligible for federal aid are submitted quickly. This is the information given to Congressman KingSwope by Thomas H. McDonald,chief of the bureau of public roads,of the United States Department ofAgriculture.Joseph S. Boggs, commissioner ofpublic roads of Kentucky, made arequest of Corgressman Swope thathe endeavor to have a federal engineer assigned to road constructionwork in Kentucky, and Mr. Swopeaked the bureau of public roads toassign a man for such duty. Thereply from Mr. McDonald was to tlieeffect that no action can be takenby the federal government in connection with the State highwaybuilding until the States submitstheir projects, as the initiative iswiih the States under the federallaw.Mr. McDonald explained that theappropriation for the current fiscalyear will lapse June 5, unless arrangements for its expenditure havebeen made by that time, and that asufficient number of federal and roadprojects have not been submittedfor approval by the bureau of goodroads to use up the amount allottedto Kentucky. Neither have enoughprojects been submitted to justifythe appointment of a federal engineer to give his entire time to. theState of Kentucky.LIKE NEW MANAFTER29-Remarkable And Convincing: StoryOf Trutona's Restorative Powers Told By Mr. LeeLOUISVILLE, KY., April 1."I'll swear by Trutona and I neverexpect to be without it again. "Andwhy shouldn't I? After I had spenthundreds of dollars for other medicines, one bottle of Trutona did meas much good as all the rest put together. It placed my system in perfect condition and I've gained twenty-eightpounds in the bargain."In his own words, the foregoing iswhat Trutona, the perfect Tonic hasdone for Harry Lee, an employe ofthe Seelbach Hotel, who lives at1661 Gallagher Street, Louisville."Stomach trouble, together withthe after-effects of an attack ofpneumonia caused a general breakdown in my health," he continued."I became constipated and sufferedheadaches. My appetite was verypoor, it seemed I never wanted anything but a cup of coffee. I didn'tsleep well at night.""Well sir, I weighed only 130pounds when I began using Trutona,but to-day I tip the scales at 158a gain of 28 pounds. And I feeljust like a new man, too. My constipation has been relieved. I havenot had a headache for weeks nnd.my former nervousness is a thing ofthe past. And my appetite well, Icat more than my income will stand.I'm full of life now, enjoy my workand I know I'm in perfect physicalcondition. Mj father-in-law andmy thirteen-year-old son also tookTrutona and it helped them greatly.My boy's strong and healthy andgaining weight now."Trutona is sold in Paris al G. S.Varden & Son's. (adv)The fortune hunter's idea of lovemaking is to first get an option onas heiress.You never can tell.' It isn't everyfellow who can ask for a girl'shand and cany off the palm.MAIGAINj LOCAL Ift-ONC 0?TAHCEWAIT UNTIL PERFORMANCE ISOVER.In -an effort to appease the wrathof many patrons of the Grand OperaHouse, who have patiently endureuthe ordeal of being overrun by persons who rush out of the house before the performances are over, themanagement is running on thescreen a slide calling attention tothis very undesirable practice. Thisis a move in the right direction, andhas already 4iad the desired effect.At least it is being observed by thosewho desire to show some consideration for the feelings of others.Now if it could only be pessibleto put a stop to the ones who readthe sub-titles out loud; those whobring crying babies to the house;those who try to punch the backout of your seat with their knees,and a dozen other forms of nuisFance, the long-suffering public willrjse up and call them blessed andlope that their days may be long onthe earth. Amen! ,KENTUCKY AUTOS EN "ROUTE TOCLEVELAND.Five "Dixie Flyer" automobiles,in charge of A. J. Karsner, of Louisville, were in Paris, Wednesday, enroute from Louisville to Cleveland,Ohio. The machines had been soldto Cleveland dealers. These carshave the distinction of being theonly automobile manufactured inKentucky. Mr. Karsner and hisassistants spent several hours inParis admiring the city, departinglate in the afternoon for their tripto Cleveland.Hie Piescnption.Ills father 1ms a pronounced partiality for Bill, and flip latter i diplomatenough to ,work this feeling of his father's whenever an opportunity offers.Quite recently younp: William injuredhis hand severely, and when his fatherreturned home he inquired: "Well,Bill, how's Uio hand?" Seeing hisfather ?as in a mellow mood, Williamanswered : "I think some ice crearrwould help it."Horses WantedI will be in Paris on next Monday. April 5, (Court Day) to buy acat load of general purpose horses,from four to eight years old.A. N. RANKIN,(30-2t) Carlisle, Ky.For SaleOne Ealdwin Unriffht- Piano andone Cable Upright Piano. AddressH. C McKIMGen. Delivery! Paris, Ky.(30-3t)Fur-Bearing AnimalsWantedWe buy, raise and sell fur-bearinglabbits and other fur-bearing animals. Place your order with us andlist whatever stock you have withns, stating lowest flat price on largeshipments. Address 515-517 N. P.Ave., Fargo, N. D. References,Scandinc.vian-American Bank, FargoNational Bank, Fargo, North Dakota. (30mar-lmo)WantedRailway. Mail Clerks, S110 permonth. Experience unnecessary.Young men, 17 upward, desiringclerkships, write for free particulars.J. LEONARD,(Former Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Aiax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Opportunity Says toYouPut one of our Pianos, Player Pianos or Talking Machines in yourhome a thing of beauty that willgive to you, to your family andfriends, a lifetime of the keenestpleasure, entertainment and enjoyment. We also do tuning and repairing of all kind.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. TemplemanPiano Company.(9-tf)Hudnall's Taxi Co.Will Run Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday, From Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40Arrive in Carlisle 12:20Leave Central Hotel 12:25Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15Arrive Millersburg 12:45Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... 1:15Arrive in Millersburg .. 1:55Arrive Windsor Hotel . .V 2: 25.- Both Phones 204.' :y.-:1 -- --a.m.a.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.p.m.P,mp.m. p.m.p.m.p.m.m MWmmiWM Wm itFor Sale Privately.Double brick business house onEast side of Main street, betweenFifth and Sixth streets. Apply toH. L. MITCHELL, & SON,(2t) Real Estate Dealers.. WantedExeprienced engineer byTHE PARIS WATER CO.(23-U)WantedWanted to buy or'sell all kinds ofbecond-hand furniture, stoves, carpets, rugs. etc. Also have nice lineof new furniture and floor coverings for sale. Call and see me befoie you buy and I will save youmoney.J. ELVOVE,Home Phone 3 GO 615 Main St.(26-3t)Master's Sale !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Jamep L, Dodge, Trusteeof Pearl Cram, Etc PlaintiffsNOTICE OF SALE.Marion Cram, Etc.. .. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1920, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner will, onSaturday, April 10, 1920,at about tbe hour of eleven o'clocka. m., at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, sell ahpublic auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperty, to-wit:That certain house and lot on theeast side of Walker Avenue, in theCity of Paris, Ky., fronting sixtyfeet on said avenue and extendingback therefrom the same width asin front a distance of 200 feet, moreor Ipfs, and is the same propertyconveyed to Pearl Cram by MillieS. Wilcox, by deed of record inBourbon County Clefk's office inDeed Book 88, page 466.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively, andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent. (6) per annum fromdate of sale until paid, and saidbonds to have the force and effect ofjudgments.Said sale is made for the purpose )of reinvestment. ,O. T., IILXTON, xMaster Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court. - i" --(26-.3M v ;K tHfr-It's dollarsto doughnutsno man ever smoked a bettercigarette at any price!CAMELS quality, and their expert blendof choice Turkish and choice Domestictobaccos hand you a cigarette that will satisfy every smoke desire you ever expressed.You will prefer this Camel blend to eitherkind smoked straight!Camels mellow-mildness will certainlyappeal to you. The "body" is all there, andthat smoothness! It's a delight!Go the limit with Camels! They will nottire your taste. And, they leave no;unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste nor unpleasant cigaretty odor!Just compare Camels with any cigarette in the world at any price!CfliWs are o!d evervwhrf tn ieniificallr sr-tfadpackages rf 20 ni irt-r:; or'ten pacVajJps (JCOctifarette) in a lassine naper-coi ?rctf carton.Ve -trongh recommend ihi carton for the hontsor ol7cf supply or vAcn ou tnvcl.R. J. REYNOLDS TOrfACCO CO . Winston-Salem, NMB PMXIXGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyTREES AND. Trees and plants thatimportance firstWrite forBuy for the future.Some poor trees and plantsjust live others die.Poor trees and plants arealways more expensive.Express or fi eight paid anywhereRiver on order of $3.00 or more.Peter Bohlender &Tippecanoe CityBoxFurs, Hides, Junk, WoolWe pay the highest market price for Furs, Hides, WooScrap Iron, Rubber, Rags, Metals, etc. Also. Poultry andv Eggs. It will pay rou to trade with us.STERN BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WidesCumberland Phone 374 Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, KentuckyBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetThe Bourbon Laundrjr1::IMParis,:-,il'APLANTSgrow, which is of greatercost or poor quality?free book to-day.THAITGROWQuality is your insurance.Our trees and plants growand produce.For 75 years we have beenknown for fair dealing.east of the MississippiSons, Spring Hill Nurseries38Miami County, OhioIISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.c i! "IXIXIXIXIXIXIKentucky: ". aat sb j aI;;v,--A-'- 1K-..-fa3VS -XVTFRIDAY, APRIL 2, 1920.THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKYPAtilTUnHtrVTo abort a coldand prevent complications, takelalotabsThe purified end refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess. safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35 c,A REMARKABLE ACCIDENTWhen a tree cut by Hurley Oliver,21, at Alayfield, fell, it struck anaxe leaning against a stump, flipped it 40 feet to" where he stood,the blade severing his colar bone,tearing ribs loose from the breastbone, and penetrating the left lung.He almost bled to death, but may recover. oHOW IS YOUR COMPLEXION?A woman should grow more beautiful as she grows older and she willwith due regard to baths, diet andexercise, and by keeping her liverand bowels in good working order.If you are haggard and yellow,your eyes losing their lustre andwhites becoming yellowish, yourflesh flabby, it may be due to indigestion or to a sluggish liver.Chamberlain's Tablets correct thesedisorders.(adv)amebic ah dead ahywhere in:fbak ce may be returnedAn agreement under which. American dead in France, whether withinor behind the battle zone, may beremoved to the United States as soonas arrangements have been completed, has been reached at a conference between representatives ofthe French and American governments. The agreement awaits theapproval of the French government.IJhe conference decision as transmitted by Ambassador Wallace wassent to Chairman Porter, of theHouse Foieign Affairs Committeeby the Slate department.o .Madagascar Turtles.Some of the turtles of Madagascartre oval in form and very fat andplump; others are much thinner andflat. In order to catch them, the natives go out to sea in the oaiiv morning when the ocean is vec smooth,tnd the turtles come to Hie .surface toenjoy their morning nap.ANY WOMANCAN DYE ANDKEEP IN STYLEFRIENDS NOTICEBIGIMPROVEMENTPetersburg Man Gains 12 Pounds In30 Days "Tanlac Put Me OnMy Peet," He Says'Diamond Dyes" Turn Faded, Shabby Apparel Into NewDon't worry about perfect results.Use "Diamond Dyes," guaranteed togive a new, rich, fadeless color toany fabric, whether it be wool, silk,linen, cotton or mixed goods dresses, blouses, stockings, skirts, children's coats, feathers, draperies,coverings.The Direction Book with eachpackage tells so plainly how to Diamond Dye over any color that youcan not make a niistake.To match any material, have druggist show you "Diamond Dye" ColorCard. (adv-tf-F)When good fellows gettogether, I'm right there'Chesterfield7THE most companionable bunch oftobaccos ever rolled into a cigarettesilky, aromatic Turkish, and fine,full-flavored Domestic, expertly chosenand expertly blended. That's Chesterfield. And they sure do "satisfy! :$ jSslLgk9 r.j mW3ItflTtfV ft-m 1 - rtt III j;!rr----Aa8ffI !"I wasn't iooking so much forgain Jn weight as for relief from mysuffering, but I have gotten both,and you may know by that what Ithink of Tanlac," said T. T. Morris,a well-known resident of 216 BrownStreet, Petersburg, Va.f recently."Since I began taking Tanlac,about a month ago," Mr. Morris explained, "I have gained twelvepounds and my friends have noticedmy wonderful improvement."For several years I have beenrocking along in a half sick condition, feeling tiredout and no acaccount all the time. But threeyears ago I began to get worse rapidly and got so I could not attend tobusiness or do any kind of work. Iwould bloat up after eating, haveintense pains in the pit of my stomach and my heart would palpitateuntil I thought each breath wouldbe my last. I actually dreaded fornight to come, for I could hardlysleep lying down and at times I hadto sit up in bed all night in orderto breathe. I had to stav in bed fordays at a time and when up I couldhardly get around at all. I had awful pains in my sides and I also hadrheumatism so bad I could hardlybear to move my arms and my legshurt so bad. I- could notwalk without dragging my feet.Nothing I ate agreed with methere was a continuous gnawing pain in my stomach."Nothing did me, any good and Iwas told that I would never getover my troubles. I had been reading what others said Tanlac haddone for them, and as a last resortdecided to try it. Well, sir, I hadgood results almost immediately after I had taken but a few doses. Iwas feeling better than I had inmonths and by the time my firstbottle was gone there was all thediffeience in the world in my condition. No more sleepless nightsfor me now, for I breathe free andeasy and sleep like a child. Everything agrees with me perfectly. Inever have any more pain, palpitations or distress of any kind aftereating. My legs and arms don'thurt me any more and I can getaround as spiy and work about aswell as I could when I was a youngman."Tanlac is sold in Paris at thePeople's Pharmacy. (adv)THE NATION'S GAS SUPPLYWhatever Your Figurewhether slender, medium or stoutI Pi 4XIThere is a Parisian stylethat will improve yourlines and make yourgown fit more becomingly. Graduate corsetieresare at your service here.With expert skill theyadjust corsets perfectly.Special ValuesStout Model Extra heavycoutil, spoon steel, heavilyboned, elastic in q jaskirt, sizes 24 to 36 O-0UAverage Model Whitelight weight pekin stripe,also in pink bro- . gcade. Sizes 20to 2S 0'DVAdd 15c for mail orders.If you can't shop here in person use our promptCorrespondence Service. Mail orders arc givencareful attention.Send for New Style Folder It's FreeTarismn Corset Storecorner RACE and OPERA PLACE ciNOXMnGeorge Otis Smith, Director of tfieUnited States Geological Survey, sthe authority for the statement thatrhero is less than eight years' supply contained in the oil reserves oti he country. According to Mr.Smith the total amount lepresenti6.500,000,000 barrels. He comments: "The secret of the capacity of nature's storehouse is easier tounlock than the mystery of the progress in man's needs and desires. 1think the oil geologists can estimate within 50 per cent of the oilfields of the United States, but whocould have foretold within 100 percent, of the truth the increase in theconsumption of gasoline even withinthe present decade." The presentdemand for oil is more than 5,000,000 barrels greater per month thanit was a year ago, and Mr. Smith observes that "the arts of peace arereouiring moie oil than we have."What are we going to do about it?The problem does not seem .to beconcerning very many people sincethe number of automobile users isconstantly on the increase, and theautomobile manufacturers are allbehind in their orders. At the sametime there is a steady increase inthe use of oil for heating and powerin transportation and industries.IT'S SURPRISINThat So Many Paris People Fail TcRecognize Kidney WeaknessOUT OF TOWN CHARGE ACCOUNTS SOLICITEDm&Are you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges, headaches, dizzjspells?Go to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few suspectthe kidneys.It's surprising how few knowwhat to do.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thekidneys only. Ask your neighbor.Have convinced Paris people oftheir merit.Here's a Paris case; Paris testimony. Kidney sufferers hereaboutsshould vead it.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "J have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable kidney remedy.Whenever my kidneys have actedirregularly or my back has beenweak and lame, I have used a box orso of Doan's Kidney Pills. Theyhave always relieved me of the complaint "Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't.'imply ask for a kidney lemedygit Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfis., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)o .A dark horse misses a great dealof favorite son enthusiasm, butsometimes finds himself well comSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Tillie Jaynes has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Lexington.Miss Mary Kenney Webber wasa guest this week of Miss JulietRisque, in Midway.Miss Nell Crutcher is convalescent after an eight waeks' illness,and is able to be up and about thehouse.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Tully havetaken rooms at the home of Mr. andMrs. James H. Moreland, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Clarence Plummer has returned to. her home in Jackson, after a visit to friends and relatives!in this city and county.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mannand daughter, Mrs. Howard Carr,have returned from a visit to Mr!and Mrs. W. R. Fowle, in LouisvilleMrs. Waiter T. Records has returned to her home in Richmond,Lfter a visit to her mother, Mrs.Jack Woods, and family, on Eighthstreet.Mrs. G. C. Holliman, formerlyMiss Gladys Snapp, has returned toher home in Detroit, Michigan, after a visit to her mother, Mrs. AliceSnapp, and family in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wolcott andMiss Lucy Hunter, of Winchester,and Mr. and Mrs. John Mulligan, ofMuir, have returned to their lespec-tive homes after a visit to Mr. andMrs. T. T. Templin, and family, onSouth Main street.Naomi and Stanhope Wiedemann, Jr., children of Mr. and Mrs!Stanhope Wiedemann, of Paris, arevisiting their grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, at FayettePark, in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs.Wiedemann have purchased a homein Paris and are moving to it thisweek from their country home onthe Georgetown pike.(Other Personals on Page 3.)MS NO ' 9PAW NGW 1mCorrect EasterAttireTo appreciate how well we are prepared, to providefor your Easter wardrobe it will be necessary to viewour displays and give them a leisurely inspection. You .cannot ask us for some particular garment, suit, coat.waist, dress or skirt, in some particular style and material but that we can present you with, at a very attractive price a price which will be unusually low for agarment of such exceptional high quality. Our stylesare indidual; no other store can show anything like them;so if you make your selection here you can feel absolutely,certain that you will not see a garment exactly like yoursin every way on those you meet along the street on Easter Sunday.lillllllWlMilliilliililt LMfflSSr"-tMJ miniMill nKfiTrSii " t I III 1 1llllllreiflBEaiii II III1 1 1 UBBBHsB!&ilF iBMffipYf':--''What Lydia . Pinkham's ,Vegetable Compound Did tfor Mrs. Warner. jOnslaska. Wis. ' ' Everv month I hidsuch pains in my back an.) I v.ver part ofTj7 ft stoir.jxn 1 could nothe in Led. I suf-in?.l so ic seemedas though I wouldcie, and I was not iregular either. Isufiered for a yearand was unfit to domy housework,could only washdishes once in awhile. I read anadvertisement ofwhat Lydia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound had donefor other women and decided to try itIt surely did wonders for me. I haveno pains now and I can do my housework without any trouble at all. Iwill always praise your medicine as Ido not believe there is a doctor that cando as much good in female weakness,and you may use these facts as a testimonial." Mrs. Lester E. Warner,R. 1, Box 69, Onalaska, Wis.The reason women write such lettersto the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.and tell their friends how they arehelped is that Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound hasbrought health 3ana napmness into ineir lives. rTeeafrom their illness they want to pass thegood news along to other sufferingwomen that they also may be relieved.KIDDIE CLOTHESWhen mothers desire garments for the little ones ofa quality much better than they can purchase elsewherethey turn their steps in this direction.Here they know they are always sure to find justwhat they desire, and at a price thoroughly in .harmonywith the amount they intended to lay out, As evidenceof this we cite these telling examples:Gingham DressesSizes 2 to 6 years, solid lavender, pink or bluegingham: cute little short waisted models, finished with white collars, at $2.75 eachSizes 6 to 14 years, fancy check ginghams inpink and white and blue and white effects, finished with red collars $6.50 each ,The New Mary Mix-Up DressesSizes 6 to 10 years, in solid brown, pink and bluechambray, splendid values at 10.00 eachAnderson Plaid GinghamsFlapper models, sizes 14, 15, 16 and 17 years.Especially made for the growing miss. A myriad of pretty styles in every conceivable colorand combination, short and long sleeves,at 9.00, $12.50, $15.00 and $21.50WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.ggiJl-'"WPTfl3A Word to the Tobacco Grower !Sow Fertilizer on Your Plant BedsSpecial Analysis, as Good as the BEST. Price $3.25 for125 pounds.COLLIER BROS.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257aHiiiii.t?iu-i.fMiimHrTHE NORTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE 56" AUTO -TRACK WAGONWhy Should You Own aStandardized Weber Wagon?Sold in the Southland since 1845Because:It will last longer than the old-style 60-inch wagon;It will run more smoothly than the old-style. wide-track wagen;It will help maintain the uniform 56-inch ruts made by the automobile;It will save automobile tires, and reduce repair bills on both wagon and auto;It allows the wheels to follow road conditions without any twisting strains;It has the best constructed front gear ever put on a wagon;It will identify you as a progressive farmer; m 'The 60-inch wagon has been out of date since all motor vehicles were made only in56-inch track;And most important of all you. get more real value, for your money when youbuy a fifth-wheel, swivel-reach-coupling standardized, auto-track Weber wagon than mthe purchase of any other wagon on the marketThe next time you happen to be in town drop in and let's have a litde wagonargument.mmTHE C. S. BALL GARAGECorner Fourth and Pleasant St.IB -THE SOUTHERN STATES HAVE ADOPTED THE SV AUTQ-TRACH WACOMppensated for the sacrifice.'Kv"f f -i , -- eX- ' i J '. ,-l2C-..X -&-rf, -r" ' "j-J"P AG FOOTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRILS if..Auction Sale of Horses!!: I will sell at public auction, in the basement ofNthe Citizens' Garbage at the corner of Main and Second Streets, in Paris, at one o'clock,p. m..Monday, April 5, 1920, (Court Day)thirty head of draft and general purpose mares and geldings. This isa good lot of horses. One load consists of heavy draft mares, mostlyall teams properly mated. Some mares in foal. Remember when thesehorses hit the auction they are yours, for I never draw a horse regardless of price. If you are in the market for a horse or two don'tfail to attend this sale. All stock guaranteed as represented. Written guarantee if preferred. Your patronage appreciated. Rememberthe date, MONDAY, APRIL 5, (Court Day), at one o'clock p. m.prompt.N. R. PARKSW. P. RENAKER, Auctioneer.AUCTION SALE50 HIGH CLASS DAIRY COWSSATURDAY, APRIL 3, 1920AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.. At Gentry and Thompson's Stock YardsWest High Street, Lexington, Ky,We will sell to' the highest bidder an extra choice lot of Holsteins,Jerseys and Short Horn Dairy Cows. All young- and carefully selected,each animal being a good individual and sound. All fresh or heavyspringers and bought from choice herds or from individuals who ha(only the best. Here is your opportunity to secure the best and at yoprice.Sale positive, rain or shine.WAKEFIELD & BELLJOHN W. BAIN, AuctioneerSHELBYVILLE, KY.Suppose You WentTo ChinaOn a two years' trip and left your familywith only provisions enough for threemonths, what would they think of you?What would the world think of you?"CARELESS"They'd SayThere's another trip you're going totake some day and your family will needprovisions for more than three monthswhen you go.Life Insurance is the only sure wayto protect your family and the time to'provide is NOW!R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgentThe Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co.First National Bank Bldg.PARIS, KY.Assets $440,861,775.75Annual Dividend to Policy Holders in 1920 $16,100,000.00While visiting friends in Woodford county recently Mrs. AllenKiser, of Paris, came across a copyof the Western Citizen, published, inFaris, by A. M. Brown and J.? L.Walker, under date of Friday, Aug".24, 1855. The old paper wasbrought by Mr. Kiser to THE NEWSoffice yesterday for the inspectionof the force.The paper is set in old style typeand contains an assortment of miscellaneous reading, together withadvertisements of Cincinnati housesand the Covington & LexingtonRailway, on the front page. Thereis also an advertisement of theParis Cigar and Tobacco Store conducted by John V. Lovely, and thegrocery business conducted by thefirm of Cassidy & Ficklen. The edtorial page contains a long noticeof the death in Nicholas county offormer Governor Thomas Metcalfe,known familiarly as "Old StoneHammer." One of the advertisements tells of the approaching saleof land, stock, crop, negroes andhemp, belonging to James H. Kerr,Si Included in the list of advertisements, which are all set singlecolumn are Williams & Cassidy,coal and lumber; William Warren,photograph gallery; North Middletown Female Seminary, conductedby W. B. McGruder; Wm. Coulthard, mill; Peck & Meglone, realestate agents; Bourbon House, Mrs.R. Thurston, proprietress; ParisMale Institute, Prof. Harry DeKalb,principal; Paris Bakery, George A.Hite & Co., propriteors; Paris Female School, Rev. T. D. Warlaw,principal; Millersburg Male andFemale Seminary, Rev. G. S. Savage, principal; numerous farm sales;Rion & Mitchell, grocers; LazarusPrice clothing, and numerous otherParis business enterprises of thetime.GOFT OF OLD PAPER PUBLISHEDIN 1855. ;LARGE, . ROOMY GARAGE AMDBEFAIE SHOF JUST OPENEDB. R. Dickerson & Son have justremodeled the old Tom Morris Livery Stable and have made it one ofthe largest and moist convenientgarages to be found in Central. Kentucky. The firm's business hasincreased in leaps and bounds andit became necessary for them tohave more room and they certainlygot it as this place will take careof one hundred or more cars. It isconvenient and centrally located. Ifyou want garage service or mechanical work this firm is certainly prepared now to give it to you. Thetwo rooms operated by them on.Tenth street will still be retainedas machine shop and battery stations. Storage batteries always onhand, and recharging done in a satisfactory manner. B. R. Dickerson,the old head of the concern willhave charge of the Tenth streetplace, while the son, Mr. CharlesDickerson, will take care of the business at the new garage: They haveplenty of storage room for rent andsolicit a share of the public's business. This firm is also agent in Bourboncounty for the Overland automobileand a number of new cars are instock and demonstrations are solicited. A full line of tires of the bestmake, and accessories of all kindsare carried in stock in fact, this isa modern automobile plant whereyou ca-n get service of all kinds atprices that are consistent with thetimes. (It)FANCY FAT CATTLE FORTER MARKET.EAS-POTTER SHOE CO.'S REPRESENTATIVE HERE APRIL 5-6.The Potter Shoe Co., Cincinnati,Ohio, desire to inform you thattheir representative, Mr. E. L.Franken, will be at the WindsorHotel, ou Monday and Tuesday,April 5 and 6, with a selection of allthat is smart and most correct inselect footwear tor the coming season. It is hoped you will find itconvenient to attend this interestinglibit.(It)CITYHEALTH BOARD ORDERSREMOVAL OF HOGS.The city ordinance requiring thatall hogs and pigs be removed fromthe limits of the City of Paris byAnril 2, is to be strictly enforced.Heed this warning and remove your!swine. By order Board of HealthA. H. KELLER,(2-2t) City Health Officer, mWe have just bought twe-ntyhead of fancy fat steers from J. G.Redmon, which we will kill for theEaster market. These are animalsof exceptionally fine quality andwill make the most excellent cuts ofbeef. We will also have plenty ofhome-killed Easter lambs. Get inearly with your order.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-3t)Rooms For Rent.Four furnVsiieo- rooms for rent todesirable parties for light housekeeping at 407 Pleasant street.(It) CARL CRAWFORD.For SaleA. new Ford Sedan, run less thanfifty miles.Mcdonald, gibson, co..Citizen Garage,Both 'Phones 294 Paris, Ky.GOING SOME.have passed the seveighths pole and are inJifestretch in the hospital campaign and are going strong.We want to reach the wire awinner. Help us do it.IWe Have Orders toSellSCHOOL BONDS SOLDAt' an adjoruned meeting of thePari City Council the new issue ofCity School bonds, amounting to$35,000, was sold to the ProvidenceSavings & Trust Co., of Cincinnati,at par and a premium of $1,000.The money will be available in a fewdays.The additions to the white andcolored High School buildings arenearing completion. The additionalcost above the original estimate of$47,000 was caused by the advancein cost of material and labor. Whenall improvements have been completed Paris will have two of thehandsomest educational institutionsin the State.100 O. K. Giant Battery, $5.00.100 Revere Motor Car, bid.50 Ail-American Truck, 8.25.50 Archer Cord Tire, and Reb.,100 Comet Automobile, $10.50.3,000 Congressional Oil, .08 V2.50 General Oil (Houston), $35.00.1,000 Gladys Bell Pfd., $1.35.1,000 Harvey Crude Oil, $1.05.20 Mel. 5 to 50c, Stores Pfd.,$90.00.25 Met. 5 to 50c, Stoies, Com.,$63.00.50 Monarch Rubber, $24.00.3,000 Prudential O. & R., .04.50 Tex-La-Homa, Unirs, $34.25.We buy and sell all stocks.SMITH-MARTIN CO..Stocks and Bonds,208 S. LaSalle Street. Chicago. HI.An OrdinanceIATTENTION, TOBACCOGROWERS!POTASH is the thing thattobacco needs for rapidgrowth and quality. Ourstocks of SWIFT'S BLOODAND BONE FERTILIZER havejust arrived. This containsFIVE PER CENT POTASH,which is two to four per centMORE than has been 'manufactured since before the war.Take a bag or two out to yourplant beds now, and let usbook your order for what yourequire for your paich beforeit is all gone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb27-tf)AMENDING "AN ORDINANCEPASSED BY THE BOARD OFCOUNCIL ON AUGUST 28, 1919,PROVIDING FOR ISSUANCE OFBONDS FO'R CONSTRUCTINGSANITARY SEWERS ON MADISTREET."APRIL COURT DAY.Next Monday will be April CourtDay. In former years this was oneof the greatest days in the Springcalendar, being "April Horse ShowDay," when hundreds of lovers ofhorseflesh gathered on the publicsquare and inspected the fine horseson exhibition. Now the custom hasfallen into disuse, the glory ofApril horse show day has departed,and the day will take its place asone of the ordinary court days.SPRING SUGGESTIONS THINGSYOU MUST HAVEPoultry netting of the best quality in all widths, -wire screen by theyard. Get out your old doors andwindows and save money by puttingin new screening. We also have abig variety of the celebrated Landreth's Garden Seeds the seedsthat grow and produce. ;LAVIN & CONNELL.'(26-4t) " ' . ,4-.'BE IT ORDAINED, By the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, at anadjourned meeting, a quorum beingpresent, that the ordinance heretofore passed on January 27, 1920,entitled, "An ordinance supplementary to and amending an ordinancepassed by the Board of Council ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, onAugust 28, 1919, concerning andproviding for the issuance of Bondsof the City of Paris, Kentucky, inthe sum of Sixty Thousand Dollars,($60,000.00). to be used for thepurpose of constructing sanitaryi sewers on Main street, fiom Fourteenth Street to Twentieth street.! and on Fourteenth Street from MainStreet to Jackson street, and uponother streets, and providing for thesale of Thirty Thousand Dollars'worth of said bonds," be and thesame is now and hereby amended soas to authorize the-sale and deliveryof said Thirty Thousand Dollars'worth of said bonds at one time, instead of in three installments, asprovided for in the original ordinance. 2. That the bid of The Provident Savings Bank and. Trust Company of Cincinnati, Ohio, of par anda premium of Orie Dollar for saidissue of said Bonds be and is herebyaccepted subject to the terms andconditions acconipnying said bid.3. That thi ordinance shall become effective after its passage andpublication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY. Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.LUMBER!We are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Tennessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow jpine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates. "We can save you money.Thompson -Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckynaIOU It dipIomaticpolite servicesmeet with public approval. The beautiful dignity thatcharacterizes the accomplishments of thisorganization is a symbol of respectful regard..hrf:irr-reiillt-J. TThe Newest in Songand Danceon . j rPHONOGRAPHRECORDSn m n HfurnmsrMe and My WifeNever Let No One Gal Worry Your MindHand in Hand Again .....Out of a Clear SkyI'm Just Simply Full of Jaiz ....Ain't Cha Coining Back Mary Ann to MarylandHow Sorry You'll Be (WairU You See)Oh!When You're Alone .....Dreamland Brings Mem'ries of YouI'll Always Be Waiting for YouWe Must Have a Song To RememberDardanella ...'.Wonderful PalITurco .On the Streets of CairoBo-La-Bo .Bow-Wow ....I Might Be Your Once-In-A-WhileYou'd Be Surprised ...Come Along to Honeymoon TownGoodnight Dearie ...Mighty Lak 'a Rose ...Somewhere a Voice is Calling2.ZZ992227922284222802228322281222882228522286222892228722227Brooks & SnappDruggistsSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices(i:a- - ?-" -,.-t '- - v; . xFRIDAY, AP&IL 2 1920.TIflS BOURBON NEW PARIS, KENTUCKYFAM fiyi,"n?QfflWHfrS&bcor the bestNOTHING El.SEFULL.The hospital is full to thedoors. What would the peup!e off Bourbon county havedone without it?SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comlnips and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.GARDEN SEED AKTJ CHICKENOnion, sets, garden seedo of the"best brands, chicken feed that willwake the chicks thrive.,C. P. COOK & CO.oA NEW HAT FOR EASTERWe suggest one of our Stetsons..s the proper top-off to your Easterttire.J. W. DAVIS & CO.- 'TO ELECT TRUSTEESA. meeting of the stockholders ofthe Jacksonville Cemetery will beheld at Jacksonville to-day for thepuipose of electing three Trusteesto serve for the ensuing year, and tonansact other business of an impoitant nature.. oKEW ORLEANS MOLASSES ATBARGAIN PRICESWe have an elegant lot of NewOrleans molasses that must be soldquick. Only a little left that weare going to sell at $1.25 per gallon.C. P. COOK & CO.oPRISONERSTAKEN TOPORT.PRANX-Two prisoners, Morton McKee.snd Maiy Allen Gaines, both collected and sentenced on forcervlmrors nt t.lift Mnrnh tprm nf "Rmir- On the Clintonville Tiike.hon Circuit Court, were taken to city, recently purchased from DavidJos. M. Hall has returned fromJ. sojourn in Martinsville, Indiana.Mrs. Sallie Neff, of this city, isvisiting her son, Coleman Neff, andfamily, in Richmond.Henry Rauterberg has returnedfrom a visit to his mother, Mrs. JuliaBullitt Rauterberg, in Louisville.Mrs. Hugh Campbell is makinga visit of a few days to friends andrelatives in New Albany and Jeffersonville, Ind.Mrs. Marie Mason has returnedto her home in Danville after a visitto friends and relatives in Paris andBourbon county.Miss Kate Alexander is at thebedside of her sister, Miss ElizabethClay Alexander, who is very ill inCincinnati, where she has been attending school.Mrs. E. A. Terhune and 'MissSara Tewney, of Harrodsburg, arespending the week-end in Paris asguests of Mrs. Samuel Howard andMrs. Clay Cisco.Allen B. Kiser has returnedfrom Pewee Valley, where the Confederate Home was burned, and willspend some time here as a guest ofrelatives and friends.Mr. and Mrs. Gregg have takenrooms for the summer with Mrs.Louis Mussinon. Mr. Gregg is leader of the orchestra playing at thePari? Grand and The Alamo.Fred Fister, who has been prospecting in the Texas and Oklahomaoil and mineral fields, will arriveto-morrow to spend the Easter holidays in this city with his family.Miss Sara Power, who is attending school at Science Hill, inShelbyville, will arrive to-day tospend the Easter holidays in thiscity with her parents, Mr. and Mr&.Henry A. Power.Mr. and Mrs. Harold Robertshave moved to their country homenear thisthe Frankfort Reformatory, Wednesday by Deputy Sheriffs RobertM. Gilkey and Jas. Gibson. McKeehas two years to serve and theGaines woman four.this city, Tuesday afternoon, was JjMrs. jttuaoipn uavis, or .rans.Mrs. Louis Wollstein, of Paris,was a guest recently of relatives inAshland.At the meeting of the PythianSisters, held"1 in their lodge room lastnight three candidates were initiated. Miss Mary MqMahan, of theSimon Stores, was in Winchesterrecently as a guest of friends andrelatives.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Mrs. Frank Dorsey came downfrom Paris, Tuesday night, to spenda few days with friends and relatives." Mrs. J. J. Haggard, of Paris,attended the meeting of the Mothers' Club, held at the residence ofMrs. Dallas C. Dunningan, in Winchester, Wednesday afternoon.Mrs. George Sparks, Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire and Mrs.Anna Belle Wallace, of near Paris,attended the miscellaneous showergiven in Georgetown, Wednesday,by Miss Katherine Brock, in honorof the bride-elect, Miss FrancesWood.(Other Perponals an Page 3.)oEASTER CANDIES NICE ANDFRESH. REASONABLYPRICED.FLOWERS FOR EASTERLet us have your order for Easteiflowers before noon to-day. Wehave growing plants of all kindsEaster Lillies, Roses, Violets and allkinds of cut flowers. We are agentsfor Keller, the florist, which is aguarantee of good service.(It) THE SWEET SHOP.oATTENTION, BUILDERS!Iff you don't do it now youmay regret it.Carpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.MULEEICKS HAN, KNOCKINGOUT EYE.The mule, long regarded as oneof the most fractious animals onearth, has been darned and damnedby everj class of citizens on earth.General Grant, at the battle ofShiloh, is said to have remarked,"Dam a mule, anyhow!" Whilehitching up one of these beasts to avagon on the farm of B. B. Marsh,near Paris, Will Hall, colored farmhand, was badly injured when theanimal playfully tapped him withhis heels. Hall's right eye wasknocked out, and he received severeinjuries about the face. A physicianwas called, and the injured mangiven attention.oCONSIDER SCHOOL MERGERBourbon county has the distinction of being the first county in theState to take up the question ofconsolidation of all the countyschools. Superintendent of PublicInstruction Colvin, County SchoolSupervisors Chapman and Button,and Ivan Earnes, Supervisor of Vocational Education, came to Parisvesterday, and held consultationwith County Superintendent J. B.Caywood and other officials regarding ways and means of consolidating the" twenty-six county schoolsinto six districts. Woodfoid countyalso pjans to consolidate all thecounty schools into several districts.EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINSIN POPULAR SHOESOne hundred pairs Forbushand Crossett Oxfords for Men,discontinued styles, all sizes,to close for CASH ONLY, at$4.85 per pair.H. M. COLLINS & CO.(apr2-2t).GET READY FOR EASTERSweet Peas and Nasturtuinscut glass baskets to hold them, at85 cents. Other pieces in cut glassat special prices. See window dis-Pl(aii") FORD & CO.STATE CHAIRMAN TO BE HERETHIS WEEK.Mrs A. H. Morehead, State Chairman for the Department of Justicein the fight against the high costof living, will visit Paris this weekto select county and city chairmenfor the work. She will also announce airangments for the campaign for economy in the purchaseand preparation of meat, which begins April 5. . .The Seenth Congressional District of which Mrs. Burt L. Simms,of Lexington, is acting chairman, isbeing rapidly organized. The firstcounty chairman to be appointed isMiss Stella Shaw, of. Frankfort.Afrs. L. D. Stucker is city chairman for Frankfort, and Mrs. J. A.Edge holds the same position inLexington. . - -Butler. Mr. Robeits is makinsr extensive improvements on the property.Mrs. Rachel Barlow has returned to her home in Pensacola, Florida, after spending some time inParis as a guest at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Frank P. Kiser. Mrs.Kiser is recovering from a recentsevere illness.Rev. J. A. McClmtock, formerlyof Bourbon county, and now a notedevangelist, with headquarters inRichmond, is a patient at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,where he is convalescing from a recent attack of illness.Henry Clay has returned fromschool at Woodbury Forest, Va.fand his sister, Miss Elizabeth Woodford Clay, from school at Cincinnati, to spend the Easter holidaysin this city with their mother, Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins ana.son, R. M. Hopkins, Jr., have returned to their home in Covington,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Helm Clay, on Eighth street. Theywere accompanied by Mrs. Clay.Mr. and Mrs. Hopkins will leavesoon for St. Louis, Mo., to reside inthe future.Maurice Burnaugh, formerly ofParis, who has recently occupied aposition as staff correspondent forthe Lexington Herald, has taken asimilar position with the LouisvilleCourier-Journal. Mr. Burnaughwas in Frankfort during the sessionsof the Kentucky Legislature, representing the Herald.W. W. Haley, president of theFirst National Bank, contemplatesmoving to Paris to reside. Mi.Haley recently purchased, throughJames McClure, the home of Mrs.E. C. Keller, at the corner of MainLiid Eleventh streets, and will oc-cupy it as soon as arrangements arecompleted.-The social correspondence fromTampa, Fla., in the Sunday Louisville Courier-Journal has the following interesting note concerningParis people: "Among Kentuckiansin Tampa are Mrs. Anna E. Chappell, Mrs. F. L. Farmer and daughter, Mrs. Ira Parks and son, Mr. andMrs. C. D. Wilson, Mrs. R. L. Wilson and Miss Cora Lee Wilson, allof Paris."Louis Grosche, of Paris, whohas been in Cincinnati for sometime in the employ of the KroegerGroceries Co., is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity. While lifting some heavypackages in the stock room at theKroeger place Mr. Grosche rupturedv blood vessel where an operationlad been performed some time ago.His many friends here hope his recovery may be rapid and permanent.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Oldham was a guest of her sister,Mrs. Geo. Wyatt, at Paris, the end-of-the-week.. .t. . .Mr. and Mrs. H.C. Wilson were guests of friends hereFridav and received a cordial greeting. It was their firstv visit sinceremoving from Cynthiana severalmonths ago. They are very pleasantly located at Paris, but are stillstrongly attached to their old nome.The Democrat, each Thursday, saysMrs. Wilson, is like a visitor dropping in from home."The April meeting of the Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters ofthe American Revolution, will beheld at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow afternoon at the residence of Mrs.Wm. Myall, on Main street. Thebusiness to come before the Continental Congress a Washingtonwill be discussed. A feature of themeeting will be a memorial serviceheld in respect to the memory ofthe late Mrs. Samuel Shackleford, ofFrankfort, a prominent member ofthe State organization.Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. Claud';Fields and Mrs. Sallie Mason spentthe dav Monday with tnenas min Paris Mrs. Edward Stumpand son. of Paris, were guests several days here of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles Dray Mrs. Jas.Will Martin, Mrs. A. L. Morfora.Mrs. J- W. Howard and Mrs. DanWestfall were in Paris shopping recently Among those from a distance who attended the funeral andburial of Mrs. Martha Willett, inLet us send you a box of that excellent box candy now on display inour show window. Also a fine lotof candies in bulk. Candies are asacceptable on Easter as flowers.The price of our candies is reasonable, too.MRS. ELLIS GROCERY,(It) Opp. Court House.o"APEIL FOOL'S DAY."Yesterday, the first day of April,was the day officially designated inthe calendar as "April Fools' Day,"being the day consecrated by a practice several hundred years old, topranks and stunts of the kind calculated to make the day remembered.Of late years it had fallen into disuse to a large extent, though thesmall boy was right on the job yesterday, and brought out his usualbag of tricks for the amusement ofhis companions and the discomfitureof his victims. THE NEWS forcehad their .fingers crossed at intervalsduring the day, and escaped the infliction.EASTER SALE TO-MORROWA sale of edibles for Easter willoe held to-morrow, in the office ofthe Lee-Kent . Oil Co., on Mam.street, by the Junior MissionarySociety of the Methodist church. Aline of tempting appetizing thingsto ear will be placed on sale at veryreasonable prices.BEAUTIFUL SUEDE OXFORDSAND PUMPS FOR EASTERWEAR.Let us show you our beautifulline of up-to-the-minute pumpsand Oxfords bought especially forEaster wear. We have them . inboth brown and black all sizes andwidths.(It) HARRY LINVILLE.o-RESIGNS AS TREASURER OFBOURBON COUNTYAfter having efficiently filled theoffice of Treasurer of Bourbon couney for the past eleven years, Mr.Silas E. Bedford, president of thePeoples and Deposit Bank and TrustCo., of this city, has tendered toCounty Judge George Batterton hislesignation. Mr. Bedford gave asthe principal reason for his resignation the pressing need of giving allhis time to his banking duties.'. T i WI aIIMRS. ELLIS'itiiKFOR THIS WEEKoGolden State Peaches40c can s 35c45c can 40c50c can 45c60c can 55cGood Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beanslarge size....'. 20csmall size 15cLook for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the CourtHouse.Three deliveries each day.Both phones.Mrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky. .SPRING DISPLAYofWOMEN'S SMARTOUTER APPARELExhibiting the Newest Modes in ,Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, Blouses.and a full line ofMillineryfHELP THE BOYS WHO SAVED USOne good turn truly deserves another. The soldier boys saved thiscountry and kept it the splendidplace to live in thai it is. We arenow asked to show our appreciationof their work in making a small donation to help further the interestsof the work the American Legionis engaged in This county's quotahas been placed at $357. A. B.Hancock has been designated aschairman of the drive. No campaign should be necessary, and willnot be. . Our peopio will rally as onenerson to raise this fund. See Mr.Hancock as soon as you read thisjand hand him your donation to tn:good cause.Dame Fashion will hold forth this week at thisstore. In most complete assortments will beshown all of the Season's Best Styles.JTT You and your friends are cordially invited" toOJ come, see the new modes, try them on, andand learn how attractively they are pricedthen when you are ready to buy you will knowknow where to do so most economically.JTT Then, too, with Easter only two weeks away,OJ you will want to select that Easter Suit, Frock,nBlouse or Skirt."Plan to be here this week while assortmentsare at their best.M AK n YM224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky;Main StreetParis, Ky.. A A J. J L K VJBafipflt) Meets the flwM iSays the COLUMBIA GRAF0N0LATo the AUTOMATIC REFRIGERATOR" Shake! I sure am glad to meet you,for we are both the best in our lines.""Yes," said the Automatic, "we cansay that without egotism, for you have :the only non-set automatic stop andmy water bottle feature is exclusiveto me."VWe extend you a cordial invitationto meet our two favorites.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingK2. ,-?., iV-As , t 3,'f 'i-L-V-y- ' ;- rv-" C-V ' 'v - -i "V.5VNv -,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JLPKIL 2, 1S20.&-4 -ECZEHfMONET BACKwithout questionif Hunt's Salvafeus in tbe treatment ot t&czema,Tetter. Ringworm. Itch. ete.Don't become discouraged because other treatments failed.Hunt's Salte has relieved hundreds of such cases. You can'tlose on our Monty BachGuarantee. Try it at our rikTODAY Price 75c atFor Sale byL. OBERDORFER,nxggisl, Paris, Ky.-LOCAL BANKING CONSIDEREDPROM NEW VIEW POINTsGot It Easily.With coupons mother secured a sllywt pitcher. One day a friend was adliing the pitcher, when little daughter said: "Mamma didn't have to paymosey for that; she jut paid cards."MMgt7v M ? I Win 1li vJ E lUft Iu ' '-.b fcrVTSlenderizingthe Full FigureIf you are of neavy or mediumbuild you will find thatThe hank is well known to be thethermometer of the community. Ittells the story of our financial prosperity or depression. It is the localregister of the commercial health.The more the banks the greater theprosperity; the larger the depositsthe healthier we are. Modern banking business is a much better understood business than it formerly was.There was a day when it was likegetting into the holy of holies to seea bank president or cashier. To-dayhe has his seat near the door of thebank and gives the glad hand tohis customers. Who ever heard ofa bank advertising in the old days?To-day every progressive bankinginstitution places its proposition before the people by means of the localpress.Yet, despite all this progress thereis a woeful and surprising amountof ignorance regarding the bankand its purposes, and many peopleutterly fail to comprehend the rulesthat must guide a well-handledfinancial institution. What peopleforget mainly is that the bank isnot its own. Its your money anaour money that it lends to its customers, and when dealing with other people's cash the greatest of careis always to be observed.The banks of Paris and Bourboncounty want to lend money. Theyare in the business for exactly thatpurpose, but they must primarilysee to it that they lend safely.With checking accounts the depositors are frequently very inconsider-iate in dealing with their banks.Consider for a moment the expenses, the overhead charges underwhich your bank labors. It mustpay these overhead charges, and allthese things cost money, and lots ofit. Every customer of a bank shouldkeep on hand what is known amongbankers as a "paying balance."The banks of Paris and Bourboncounty want accounts. They wantall they can get, yet in order thatthe account may be a paying oneiheie should at all times remain onbands a "paying balance."oME..MEANSGoodyear Advantages in Tiresfor the Smaller CarsuwuuuU1.UUimuuu1iwui...w,,,,,,wmM1llimHimtttlUHttHttMfHMMIrlHM HMtMfMISPor Pain. Colds. Headache. Toothache. Neuralgia, Lumbago.RheumatismaaaaaaaaaaVBaaaaaamiaBaavaaaaawBaBaaaBBaaaiFa tA. m aT TaftaaaaaaijafcafiawBwiyrw fTiffaBHal af I VV " ft1 1SX Wliwill give j'ou comfort and atrim graceful figure.Of especial appeal loth e largewoman is the strongbelt webbing over the abdomen andthe reinforced back and hiplines. Rengo Corsets growold gracefully. " Youth, beauty and charm are coming halfway to meet you. The Rengois scientific-lily made for fullfigured women.Rengo Corsets are economically priced from $3 to $10Frank & Co.20-1You want relief quickly andsafely! Then insist on "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," stamped with the"Bayer Cross."The name "Bayer" means you aregetting genuine Aspirin prescribedby physicians for over eighteenyears, and proed safe by millionsof people.Por a few cents you can get ahandy tin box of genuine "BayerTablets of Aspirin," containingtwelve tablets. Druggists also sellsell larger "Bayer" packages. Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidester"of Salicylicacid. (adv)oThe cost of education is said tohave risen 41 per cent. The cost ofgetting educated to modern priceshas risen more than that.JU-VJKVVWV!-y W?'!VMg,'v'r ,WWgggiIf Yqxl Like ThTaste Of CoflYou.ll likePOSTVArOyyJust as Goodyear is successful in buildingextreme value into the Goodyear Tires thatgo on the highestpriced motor cars, so isGoodyear successful in supplying unusualworth in Goodyear Tires for smaller carsInto the making of Goodyear Tires inthe30x3', 30x3V2-, and 31x4-inch sizes have gonethe full advantages of Goodyear experience,skill and modern facilitiesThe results of this unusual endeavor areeasily available to every owner of a Ford,Chevrolet, Dort, Maxwell, or any other carrequiring the sizes mentionedGo to the nearest Goodyear Service StationDealer's place of business for these tires, andGoodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes He carriesthem in stock30x3 Goodyear Double-Cure S'J'ISOFabric, All-Weather Tread. JL330x3& Goodyear Single-Cure - 50Fabric Anti-Skid Tread. ZLGoodyear Heavy Tourist Tube are tnack, strong tubes thatreinforce casings properly. Why risk a good casing with acheap tube? Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tabes coat little morethan tribes of less merit. 30x3 size im wafer- $AJH)proof hg 'Y'IIDON'T WHIP!Stop Lashing Your Bowels'with Harsh Cathartics buttake "Cascarets."CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH 'REMEDY.......t-Everyone must occasionally giveto the bowels some regular help orelse suffer from constipation, biliou-5attacks, stomach disorders, and sickheadache. But do not whip thebowels into activity with harsh cathartics. What the liver and bowels needib a gentle and natural tonic, onethat can constantly be used withoutharm. The gentlest liver and boweltonic is "Casearets." They put theliver to work and cleanse the colonand bowels of all waste, toxins andpoisons without griping they neversicken or inconvenience you likeCalomel. Salts. Oil or Purgatives.Twenty-five million boxes of Casearets are sold each year. The7work while you sleep. Casearetscost so little, too. (adv)o-PETER BILUKEE SOLD IN BLUERIBBON SALE.and youll like it betterif you are one of tkosewitk. wkom coffee disagrees. Uhe flavor is similarbut PosVLm.does notcontain caffeine or anyother drug.Betterhealth follows- the change.Sold by all GrocersMadebyVostuvnCcrc&l Co., Battle Creek,Mich.IXlJMJaLlJJaUULIULJULaU.tJLMJLtXiAfJLEJJiJJU)At the Blue Ribbon sale of horses,conducted in New York recently bythe Tipton-Fasig Co., the veterantrotter Peter Billiken, ZrOo1. owned by Warren Bacon, formerly ofParis, was sold to V. M. Morris, ofMontgomery. Aid., for $2,000. Onehundred and seventy-two head were.sold for $92 J 90, an average 'of$536.The great benefit derived from theuse of Chamberlain's Cough Remedyhas been greatly acknowledged bymany. Mrs. Benjamin F. Blakeney,Decatur, 111., writes, "Chamberlain'sCough Remedy is by far the bestmedicine for colds and coughs wehave eer used in our family.iave it to my children when smalllor croup and have taken it myself."(adv)oIt's all right tc climb, but nonun pvi r gelr: so high as to be aboveCI U'CISMI.oIn cultivating friends you willfind the cheap sport to be ratherexpensive in the end.For Colds, Catarrh or InfluenzaHOW DIPHTHERIA IS CONTRACTEDOne often hears the expression,"My child caught a severe coldwhich developed into diphtheria,"when the truth was that the coldhad simply left the little one particularly susceptible to the wanderingdiphtheria germ. If your child hasa cold when diphtheria is prevalentyou should take him out of schooland keep him off the street untilfully recovered, as there is a hundred times more danger of his taking diphtheria when he has a cold.When Chamberlain's Cough RemedyJ is given it quickly cures theoldand lessens the danger of diphtheriaor any other germ disease beingcontracted.f (adv) 'Do you fool weak and unequal to thework ahead of you ? "Do you still cougha little, or dons your noso bother you ?Are you pale? Is your blood thin andwatery? Better put your body intoh:ipe. Build strong !An old, reliable blood - maker andherbal tonic made from wild roots andbarks, is Dr. Pierce's Golden MedicalDiscovery. Thh '' nature, remedy" comesin tablet or liquid foint. It will build upyour body and protect you from disease germs which lurk everywhere. Oneof the active ingredients of this temperance alterative and tonic is wildcherry bark with stillingia, which is sogood for the lungs and for coughs;also Oregon grape root, ' blood root,stone root, Queen's root, all skilfullycombined in the Medical Discovery.These roots have a direct action on theitomach, improving digestion and assimilation. These herbal extracts in the'Discovery" aid in blood-making andare best for scrofula. By improving theblood they fortify the body against anattack of grip or colds.Catarrh should be treated, first, as ablood disease, with this alterative. Then,in addition, the nose should be washeddaily with Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy.Send 10c for trial pkg. of Medical Discovery Tablets or Catarrh Tablets to DrPierce's Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y.asvats JaBBBBBBBBKSVrvssraaaaataTBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBGaBBBateBVSrtWI help take the tire outof tire trouble"ChesterfieldLIGHT up! Attaboy! Even' the toughest job seemseasier if you can "draw7' onChesterfield.Those fine Turkish andDomestic tobaccos and thatcan't - be - copied Chesterfieldblend "satisfy" as no, otherblend of tobaccos ever didbefore.-gss-'sj;:-1"1--!1The Housewife Longs ForElectric Labor and Time Savers Like TheseBaTaTa r aa?aTiHHl aaaa.JHH !aaal aaaaaaaafBBBaaaavPrBaaaaPIIBFiiiBak oxmElectric Irons, CharmerDishes, Coffee Pots, CookStoves, Hair Curlers,Hot Plates, Egg Boilers,Room Heaters, . etc.Electricity is clean, convenient, safe and economical because it savesyou so much labor andhousehold drudgery.GET THEM ALLHERET. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSErii!HUHaHHHHBMBatWBBaBIEDSBSiI,v -yr -.V-,.?.- '.FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 1920.THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY- r . -: rFLU TAKING TERIfIC TOLL OF LIVESGowHealth Will Prevent YourContracting This DreadDiseases;c one is immune to flu. Theerr? are everywhere. No matterTrhere you live you will find theerrs. Even healthy persons havedifficulty in lesisting this plague.Persons who are run down andttbo fcave colds are in actual danger.They have lazy livers and impureblood. They cannot fight the disPepsotone will put you in shape.It vail purge the system of all impurities and will purify the blood.It villi carry a new energy to tiredrers and to weakened tissue.ymr druggist has a supply ofpPp- lone. Get a 25c package fromlira to-day. You'll find that it ismisr-v cheap health insurance.(adv). o '"ft fiat's become of the old-fashionedlellow who used to remark:"Here, let me show you how to pullthat cork!"77e man who imbibes of woodr'rool is not likely to prefer anyI.th'-r drink in the future.HOUSE VOTES TO ADMIT PRINTPAPEH TAX 3?EEEPrint paper costing -not more thaneight cents a pound would be admitted tax free under a bill amending the revenue act, passed unanimously by the House and sent to theSenate. The present law fixes fivecents as the limit, but members saidnone at that price was obtainablefor import.Representative Kitchin, Democrat, North Carolina, said the billwas an emergency measure, neededto save "hundreds of small papersfrom ruin."PEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO SUPPLY LABOR INSPECTORThe Labor Department of theFederal Government will co-operate-with the State Department of Laborby furnishing one labor inspector tothe State at an annual salary of$2,400. The Federal departmentwill also furnish office fixtures,stationery and franking privilegesto the State Department.Kept Ignominy In Memory.". On the 5th of November, in 1500,Christopher Columbus, in spite of theincalculable services he had rendered to Spain, was taken into CadizIn fetters. King Ferdinand and QueenIsabella were moved at the sight andcommanded that he be released. Columbus, however, was unable to forgive the insult, and until the time ofhis death the ignominious fetters werehung in full sight pn his walls as areminder of the ingratitude of his sovereigns.A new notewe've struck it'ChesterfieldVTO "sharps111 w flats", but my!how Chesterfields do."Satisfy."A delightful selectionof fine Turkish andDomestic tobaccos, harmoniouslyblended that'sChesterfield!BROWN AND OX-BLOODSHOE POLISHESBEST FOR HOME SHINES SAVE THE LEATHERTHE BIG VALUE PACKAGESAlso PASTES and LIQUIDS for Black, Tan and White ShoesTHE F- F. DALLEY CORPORATIONS LTD.. BUFFALO. N. Y.i.n:riTHX UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilityin construction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We havedmost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.CSC-&X3.MFZ1HL-tirVIr-sOZ3gJ&&?isr?Zz!?:ES5iHRE INSURANCE .AGENTS .OBJECT TO LNSURANCERATESFire insurance aarents in Kentucky are objecting to the new ratesestablished by the Kentucky Acturial Bureau on hogshead tobacco instorage. During the latter part ofFebruary the bureau cut the rateabout 20 ner cent and made it retroactive to November 20.storage is owned by the AmericanTobacco Company, which, previousto the new rates, had been insuringit largely with unauthorized companies. The John Page Compariy, an.Eastern concern, agreed to takeover the insurance for the AmericanTobacco Company provided thecompany could get the rate reducedin this State, which was donethrough the Acturial Bureau.Insurance agents and the insurance department took the questionup with Attorney General Charlesli. Dawson on the grounds that before new rates can be establishedthey must be published and that theActurial Bureau must give 15 daysnotice of such new rates before theygo into effect.They contend further that thepolicy adopted by the Acturial Bureau in establishing the new rateson hogshead tobacco in storage opensa way for discrimination. AttorneyGeneral Dawson will give his opinion within the next few days.MOSfPEOPLEINiOF SPRINGTONIC THIS YEARSickness General and ThousandsAre Run Down Vola-TonicIdeal Builder.Buick Valve-in-HeadINearly everybody needs astrengthening, health - buildingspring tonic this year.Influenza came back in Januaryand February and thousands of people who had it are weak and rundown as a result. In addition, whatappeared to be a wave of generalfickness passed over the country thelast part of February and the firstpart of March. Complaints werecommon during that period. Badcolds, la grippe, and other forms ofweakening sickness were reportedeverywhere.As a result of these things thousands of men and women are weakand run down and it is believed thatthe need of a strengthening, 'healthbuilding spring tonic is more general this year than ever before inhistory.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"is already being taken by many people as a spring tonic and is whatcountless other men and womenneed.Vola-Tonic invigorates the entiresystem and is a wonderful strengthbuilder. Vola-Tonic starts its workby bringing a normal, healthy appetite aiid putting the digestive organs and bowels in good condition.It helps the stomach take strengthening nutrition from food to buildup and enrich the blood and to nourish organs and tissues of the body.Vola-Tonic also soothes the nervesand permits sound, energy-restoringFleep every night. As a result, fullnormal strength and health sooncomes to the weakened, run downman or woman. .People who are weak and rundown should take Vola-Tonic thisspring so that they will be strongand well and ready to enjoy summerwhen it comes.Vola-Tonic, "Builder of Strength,"ifa being especially introduced inParis at Varden & Son's.(apr2-2t)FAMOUS BURGOO MAKER DIESAT LEXINGTON."Gus" Jaubert, 82, famous Kentucky burgoo maker, died at hishome in Lexington, after ten days'illness. He prepared the burgoo otbig political meetings of both parties in this State and others formany years, and was known tothousands of persons, includingmany politicians. His wife, five! daughters and two sons, all of Lexington, survive. Mr. and Mrs. jaubert celebrated their golden weddingeighteen months ago.oCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CURED"HE appearance and designof the Buick seven passengertouring car readily distinguishes it from others of its class.It is a different type especially designed and built for those desiringan ideal family car.The pleasing body lines, large comfortable seats and tonneaus makesit a favorite car among the ladiesand children.With its simplicity of control, itssurplus of power, its wonderfuleconomy, it assures each purchaserof efficient and dependable service.mB-32WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT BUICK WILL BUILD THEMTheC. S. BallCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sfcs.GarageTHE TRANSYLVANIA DEBATERSBREAK EVEN IN CONTESTTransylvania College won its affirmitive but lost its negative in atriangular debate with representatives of Georgatown and Centre Colleges, held simultaneously Fridaynight in. Lexington, Georgetown andDanville.By a vote of 2 to 1 TransylvaniaAvas awarded the decision in Lexington over Centre and by the samevote lost it in Georgetown.The Judges in Lexington were:Judge W. T. Lafferty, Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, superintendent of thethe Paris schools, and Dr. GlanvilleTerrill, ct the University of Kentucky. ARE YOU HAPPY?To be happy you must be well. Ifyou are frequently troubled withconstipation and indigestion youcannot be altogether happy. TakeChamberlain's Tablets to correctThese disorders. They are promptand effectual, easy and pleasant totake.(adv)A MAN AND HIS WIFEebrighter;EVENINGSmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169iiAjsiAigiiiaiifiUHiiiiiiyiiiigiiiigiyisgiJiJTTiifTfuimtmBy local applications, as theycannot reach the diseased portion ofthe ear. There is only one way tocure catarrhal deafness, and that isby a constitutional remedy. Catarrhal Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts thruthe blood on the mucoust surfaces ofthe system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Medicine. Circulars free. All Druggists,75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio,(adv)oIt's a good plan to choose yourwords carefully. Can't is a longerword than can, but it seems easierto use.oFine feathers don't make finehats. It's the -bill that counts.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectrici'tjfor Lighting 'It's the only satisfactory! way.use Sasfor Beating and PokingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix YouS UpFor the Use o! BthElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InconA?ftted)Spring Papering and Paint-1ing Time is HereLet us figure with you on your SPRINGPAINTING AND PAPERING.Beautiful line of 1920 samples to selectfrom. They are from the BEST wall paperhouses in the covntry.Our painting speaks for itself. Ask thehundreds of satisfied customers in Paris andBourbon county who we have done work for,LOOK AT THE WORK.Estimates free and our prices consistentwith first class workmanship and the bestmaterials used.KANEBROS.Home Phone 399(till July 1)PARIS, KENTUCKYgpitHUBlH. 15i;H.IJi.riiI?J-H.H-,Tr - IT-T? TTf lMJlt.3W"if- i!'X' v "FAG1 EIGHTTHE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'FRIDAY, jUHUEL 2!IH:THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND II Admission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax .. 3fcChildren and Gallery 18c pins 2c war tax ateMILLERSBURGRELIGIOUS.lIr. and Mrs. Richard Huffman,f Covington, are guests of hisanother, Mrs. Mary L. Huffman.Mrs. M. J- Vimont returnedMonday after a week's visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. A. Munsing, atIMaysville.Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Clarke havereturned after a prospecting visitan Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama andMississippi.GET READY FOR EASTER.Sweet Peas and Nasturtiums,cut glass baskets to hold them, atS5 cents. Other pieces in cut glassat. special prices. See window disTriay. (It) FORD & 'CO.The Philanthropic' Committeeof the Twentieth Century Club williold an Easter Service at the County Infirmary. Sunday afternoon. AllXxiends are cordially invited.THE SICK Dr. C. B. Smithimproves slowly at Massie MemorialHospital, Paris. Mr. E. M. Ingelcnd Miss Marguerite Redmon arealso improving.NEARLY THROUGH.Nine-tenths of the amountasked for by the Massie Hospital has been subscribed. Let'sall come on and make it comjriete. We must go over theDEATHS.TALBOTTAlbert Talbott, aged aboutSrixty-five, died at the County Infirmary, near Ruddles Mills, at an-early hour Tuesday morning, after2n illness of several months. Mr.Talbott had been in decliningjfeealth for several years. He was ason of the late Daniel Talbott, aprominent farmer of Bourbon county, especially in the North Middlelow.n vicinity, where he had a largefamily connection.The funeral as held at threeo'clock Wednesday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave iu-vhe North Middletown Cemetery byLev. Frank. M. Tinder, pastor of theIvorth Middletown Christian church.Rev. W. B. Ellis, pastor, willpreach at the morning service atthe Christian church, Sunday at10:45 o'clock, subject, "The Resurrection." There will be no preaching at night. There will be insteadof the regular service a specialsong service beginning at 7:30o'clock.The revival in progress at theParis Methodist church continues togrow in interest despite the closingtime is drawing near. There werethree additions Wednesday night,bringing the total to forty-five. Thepastor, Rev. Chas. H. Greer, ispreaching powerful and eloquentsermons. The services are beingheld nightly at 7:30 o'clock. Themeeting will close Sunday night.At a joint meeting of the C.W. B. M., the Young Women'sMission Circle and the TriangleClub -held at the Christian churchTuesday afternoon, an appropriateprogram was rendered. "Take TimeTo Be Holy," was the subject. Thedevotional period was in charge ofMiss Helen Hutchcraft. The following subjects were presented:"Stewardship of Life," Mrs. CarlieWilmoth; "Stewardship of Money,"Mrs. Charlton Alxander; "Stewardship of Prayer," Mrs. A. L. Boatlight. -An appropriate musicalprogram was rendered, Mrs. MadeWhite Fithian singing a solo andMisses Young and Arnold renderinga duet. At 2:30 o'clock this afternoon the members of the same missionary organizations will render aprogram.TODAY, FRIDAY"POOR RELATIONS"The story of just ordinary people whoshow Society the way to happiness andcontentment. A wealthy man finds truelove among poor relations.Also JACK DEMPSEYthe best known man in the world, in"DAREDEVIL JACK"Tomorrow, SaturdaySamuel Goldwyn and Rex BeachPresent Robert Hughes' FamousStory"THE CUP OF FURY"Also a "Snub" Pollard Comedy"THE DIPPY DENTIST"Monday, April 5The High Priestess of FuninMADGE KENNEDYThe Blooming Angel"A joyous travesty humorously elaborated from Wallace Irwin's SaturdayEvening Post story.Also Mack Sennett Corrcdy"Up in Alf 's Place"Gregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and EveningY. M. C. A. NOTESLOGAN.Jolin. A. Logan, aged seventy, aformer resident of Georgetown, diedat the Good Samaritan Hospital, inXexington, Wednesday afternoon at2:45 o'clock, after a long illnessdue to infirmities of age. Mr. Loganwill be well-iemembered in Paris,-where he was stationed for manyjears as storekeeper and gauger inthe revenue service.He ib survived by his widow, Mrs.Nora P. Logan, one daughter, MissJane Logan and two sons, FinleyX.ogan, of Washington, D. C, andWarren Logan, of Fort Worth,Texas. Funeral will be held at thefamily residence in Lexington tomorrow morning at ten o'clock, followed by interment on the family3ot in the Lexington Cemetery.HERR.Mrs. Emily Walker Herr, oflexington. well-known throughoutthis sectior as a writer and newspaper wpman, died recently in Orlando, Florida, wheie she had beenspending the winter. Mrs. Herrlad been a fiequent visitor in Paris,and was well-known to ,our people.She was for a long time on the staffof the Louisville Courier-Journal,.nd was a contributor to the magazines on a variety of subjects. Herwritings were largely instrumental. the "broader view of things,"now held in this country.Mrs. Herr is survived by twosons Alonzo and Hiram Herr, bothof whom reside in Ashland. She wasa sister of Kenner Walker and Samuel P. Walker, of Lexington, and"William Walker, of Brookhaven,Mess. She was also a sister of Mrs.Garrett Nash and Mrs. MaymeWalker Shipman, both of Ashland.The, body will be brought to Lexington, where the funeral and burial will take place at a time not yetannounced.BASIS' BOY POPULAR AT KENTUCKY UNIVERSITYPRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.Pradtically $14,500 has beenpledged in the financial campaign ofthe First Presbyterian church ofParis. Having done so splendidlyin the financial part of the Presbyterian Progressive Program, thecongregation is very happy and willenter with enthusiasm into thenext phase of the program for thelocal church. This is a compaignfor church attendance. Beginningwith Easter Sunday morning andcontinuing for five weeks, throughthe first Sunday in May a drive islo be made for a model church, thegoal being 100 per cent, church attendance. Mr. Peale Collier, thechairman of the publicity department of the church, is chairman ofthis campaign. The members of thechurch are urged to plan to attendas many as possible of the servicesduring these five weeks. The public is cprdially invited to each ofthe services. The hours of serviceare Sunday School, 9:30 a. m.;Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.,preaching 11 a. m. and 7:15 p. m.Program For Easter Service:Organ Prelude.Doxology.Invocation.Anthem "Christ, the Lord IsRisen To-day" Quartette, Mrs.Macie Fithian, Miss Flora Hill, Mr.Robert Harbeson, Mr. CharlesMitchell.Scripture 1st Corinthians, 13.Prayer.Announcements.Offftrinff.Song "Hear Our Prayer" Mr, jHarbeson, Assisted by Quartette.Sermon "Three Easter Li Hies,"Rev. T. S. Smylie.Hymn..Benediction.The subject of the evening sermon is 'Bolshevism, The Prime Minister of the Devil." The specialmusical numbers are: Quartette.number. "Art Thou Weary," and aduet. "Twilight," by Mr. Harbebonand Mrs. Fithian.With the closing of the basketball season and the opening of thespring season several changes areto he made in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium schedule. The High Schooland Business Men's Gym Class willbe combined and meet at 4:45 p. m.on Mondav. Wednesdav and Fridavafternoons. After supper the YoungMen and Business Men's classes willbe combined and meet on Mondavand Thursday evenings at 7:45 p.m. rne Dig numoer on tne gym calendar at the "Y" is a circus for thelast of April. All the boys whocome to the classes are beginningnow to save their peanuts for theelephants. Many wonderful sideshows, rare animals, and great performers will be in the spectacle.Mayor January will act as ringmaster.Much interest has been aroused a'the Y. M. C. A. by the new CageBall, which arrived Monday. CageBall is a large canvas covered rubber ball about 3 feet in diameter.A number of games are played withit including volley ball, punch ball,kick ball and cage ball.The feature that distinguishesgames played with the cage ballfrom other games is the large number that can participate in thegames. The game was originatedduring the war by E. D. Angell,the physical educational expert,while at the Great Lakes NavalTraining Station and was used extensively by Y. M. C. A. recreationalsecretaries in the army camps. TheBourbon County "Y" is to be congratulated on introducing thisgame into the community.The following papers and magazines have been selected for the fliesof the'Y. M. C. A. reading room, asannounced by the Educational Committee: The Cincinnati Enquirer, Lexington Herald, Saturday EveningPost, The Christian Observer, TheContinent, The Outlook, Life,American, Woman's Home Companion, Ladies' Home Journal, Popular Mechanics, Worlds Work, Assc-;ciation Men, Rural Manhood, THEBOURBON NEWS, KentuckianCitizen. The reading room at the "Y" hasbecome very popular. The publicis extended a cordial welcome.MATRIMONIAL.Dame Rumor has it that therecent purchase of a handsome homeoh Houston avenue, in this city,was made in the interest of a prominent young business man who issoon to be married to a handsomeyoung Paris girl. Further than thisTHE NEWS knows not.oMARCH HAS MARCHED AWAYMarch, the month dreaded by somany, is now a thing of the past, sofar as the days of the calendar areconcerned. It was a month full ofsurprises, also with winds and rain,and, in fact, just any kind of eldweather. The rainfall during themonth was somewhat above normal,and the wind did more than itsshare of work, even, in the lastthree days. There has been a -number of really fine days. Spring nowseems to be here in earnest, andthis part of the Bluegrass sectionnever looked prettier than it doesat this time. At least, that is whatwe are told by those whose businesstakes them through the county.COUNTY BOARD MEETING.There will be a meeting of theBourbon County Board of Educationin the office of County School Superintendent J. B. Caywood, in thecourt house to-morrow morning at8:30 o'clock. County school trustees are requested to call at theSuperintendent's office to-morrowafternoon and get their school census blanks.CENSUS PADS READY.County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood calls attention of thetrustees of the county schools thattTlP P.PTJtJIlR TkJllc :iro rtntxr Tir?tr on1should be called for to complete thebLiiuuj ueusufc. at once.We Are Doing the Best WeCan to Help Reduce the H. C. L.r - - --. mn Mm- vorarCLOIHESUy-"tx Rar5- . .. Z A ST?- w ir - jet" .?v & ., x'T" 3Hals , - vvvlftf- ',& ki SHhI 'Raymond Conneli, of Paris, a junior in the College of Law of the University of Kentucky, is one of thedistinctively popular and bestfetown men in the University.In the three years that Mr. Conrell has been in the University he"has shown marked ability. Probably this ability as a lawyer is owing to his mastery of English, to a.certain extent, probably it lies inthe fact that others can not "hood--wrink'him out of his ideas, or mostprobably because he knows law.His marks have been unusuallyiigh; his professors say of him thaiie has forethought., Not only does he keep his studies up to standard, but he takes active part in school activities. He isx member of the Henry Clay LawSociety, and a member of the Sigma.Alpha Epsilon Fraternity on whosebasketball team he plays. He is acharter member of the newly-or-yanized society known as the "Royalilrder of the Fish."His brother, Thornton Conneli,was graduated from the Universitylast June and is now one of theleading reporters an the largest pa-jejr-iBjthe State. His sister, Louise,is one of the popular young mem-Iters of the Freshman Class of thesame institution.it is not exaggerating to saythat great things are expected from ltym and Paris is proud of the factikaf he has represented this towna.r .county in the State institution.jOXFORDS AND PUMPS EOR EASTER WEAR BROWNSAND BLACKSSpecial line of Easter footwear inbrown and black Sue.de Oxfords andPumps. - Your attire is not finishedwithout good looking shoes. Let usdress your feet to correspond withthe rest of your attire we can doit right.(It) HARRY LINVILLE.. oHEBREW FEAST OF THE PASSOVER CELEBRATED TO-DAYThe Hebrew "Feast of the Passover" will begin to-day and willcontinue until Saturday, April 10.During Pas'sover Week, unleavenedbread will be eate'n. This bread ischaracterized as the "bread of affliction," and is a reminder of the hastypvodus of the Israelites from theiifour hundred years of bondage tothe Egyptians. Many of the Jewis-nrit.izens of Paris will go to Lexington to attend the services to be heldof ttio Mnrvinnd Avftinie Temule bvT?nhhi T.owenthal. at the beginning1of this which is one of the most Hi- jportant and sacred festivals ot tueJewish church.Under the Volstead act persons ofthe Jewish faith may use wine in,accoi dance with the rites of thefeasi. Under the provisions of thisact no restrictions are placed onalcoholic beverages to be used inreligious ceremonies. In accordancewith the rites of the feast grapewine must be used. The wine isblessed, and though the blessing isreally made on the grape, sherryproperly made may also be used.The orthodox Jews will drink wineon the eve of the Passover and againto-day. Every member of the family must drink four cups of wine.o "--SEED CORN.We have for sale Reid's Yellow Dent and Boone CountyWhite Seed Corn, showing 98to 100 germination, grownthe past season in Illinois bythe largest growers in the country who specia ize in cornbreeding.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(16mar-tf)To help you we are selling Mien's Suits,Hats, Shoes and Furnishings at the verylowest possible prices.You are cordially invited to inspectour merchandise, whether wishing tobuy or not."SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Friday, April 2 A finepicture, "Poor Relations;" JackDempsey, in "Dare Devil Jack," newPathe Million Dollar Serial.To-morrow, Saturday, April 3Rupert Hughes' famous story, "TheCap of Fury;" Snub Pollard Comedy, "The Dippy Dentist."Monday, April . 5 Madge Kennedy, in "The Blooming Angel;"Mack Sennett Comedy, "Up In Alf'sPlace."Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoont.nd" night.The stellar attraction for tomorrow night will be a Goldwynpicture, "The Cup of Fury," screened from the famous story by RupertHughes. This film is the productof the Goldwyn Corporation, andcomes to the Paris houses from theCincinnati branch of the Goldwyn's,which is under the booking management of Matt Thornton, formerlyot Paris.BIRTHS.In Paris, to the wife of OrieLawience, a son.Near Paris, to- the wife of W.C. Bell, a son, weight nine pounds,christened Harold Eugene Bell. Mrs.Bell was formerly Miss Clara Shy,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Shy,of Paris.GOVERNORS CALLED TOIN LOUISVILLE.MEETGovernors of ten coal-producing"States in the Central CompetitiveField and others competing withKentucky may gather in Louisvillethis summer as the result of correspondence carried on by LieutenantGovernor Thruston Ballard in aneffort to gain information and obtain views on the matter of placinga uniform tax on the production ofcoal in each State.The Lieutenant Governor began.Ihe correspondence January 20, addressing the Governors of Virginia,West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio,Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas and Tennessee, besides GovernorMorrow.NEW AUTO OWNERSThe following sales of automobilesare reported by the Paris Garage,as having been made by them thitweek: An Oakland loadster to Richard Hopkins, Jr., of Little Rock; anOakland Sedan to Mrs. EJdward Turner, of near Paris; one Oaklandlouring car to G. T. Prather, ofParis; a Scripps-Booth car UFiench Williams, ot Paris. ,EASTER FOOTWEAR SALENever before have we been able to offer suchbeautiful styles, so varied assortments, at prices so farbelow their regular values.Come and see the new, snappy Spring Novelties inall popuUr leathers and colors.It pays to buy at our economy store. Our methodof meidinndMng cuts your shoe bills down.13- &$&Edster Specials in New Pumps and Oxfordsat Economy PricesLadies' smart tan and black Lace Oxfords,English lasts, also new Pumps in kid andpatent, $7.50 values,Special at $4.99Ladies, see . these beautiful Spring Pumpsand Oxfords in tan and black leather, $8.50values,Special at $5.99Ladies' ,$5.00 Lace Oxfords and Pumps,Special at $3.49Ladies' $6,50 Pumps and Oxfords, in fineglazed kid leather,Special at $4.49Ladies' $6.00 values in Pumps and Oxfords,high and low heels,Special at $3.99Ladies' Custom Made high quality In all thenewest Pumps and Oxfords, $10.00 values,Special at $6.95Boys' and Girls' Easier Footwear GreatestValues in TownChildren's $2.00 Slippers,Special at $1.39Misses' New Lace Oxfords and Strap Slippers, $4.00 grades,Sizes 11 1-2 to 2 at.Sizes 8 1-2 to 11 at.$2.99$2.49Children's $3.00 Hand Turn Slippers, sizes5 to 8,Special at $1.99Boys' High Grade Dress Shoes. $6.00 values,Special at $3.99Boys' $5.00 Dress Shoes,Special at $3.49Men's Spring Style Shoes inEnglish and Wide Toe Lasts,$8.00 values, ,Special at $5.99Men's Tan and Black LaceOxfords, $7.50 values,Special at $4.99Men's $5'5& English andBroad Toe styles in Oxfords,Special at $3.99DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignMm,ifcs't ..J