'', 4j..kyTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR..- - i. - j- l -VOLUME XLPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 15, 1920THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTIONNOMINATES HARDING FORPRESIDENT.Senator Harding issued the following statement:"I am very proud, as any American should be, of receiving the greathonor from the Republican party.I am not unmindful of the obligation and responsibility that go withGeneral Wood lost heavily, however, when the Harding drift began,and Senator Johnson, the third ofThe trio of leaders on the early balloting, also went steadily downhillThe tenth ballot for the Presidency resulted: Wood 156; Lowdeu11 Johnson SO 4-5; Harding 6921-5: Coolidge 5; Hoover 9; Butlerl Knox 1; Lenroot 1; Hays 1; LaFollette 24; oneialf vote absent.Wan en G. Harding, United StatesSenator from Ohio, was nominatedfor Iha Presidency, Saturday, bythe Republican National Convention, after a deadlock which lastedfor nine ballots and which finallyforced out of the running all theoriginal favorites.A his running mate, the convention named Governor Coolidge, ofMassachusetts, upsetting a plan of acombination of the Harding backers10 nominate for the place SenatorIrvine L. Lenroot, of Wisconsin.The collapse of the forces of Govchnor Frank O. Lowden and theirTransfer in large part to SenatorHarding, put the Ohio candidateover.Members of the Kentucky delegation, although they regret the defeat cf Governor Lowden, for whomthey voted solidly on seven consecutive ballots, are well pleased bythe nomination of their neighbor.Senator Warren G. Harding, ofOhio, and are confident that hewill lead the party to victory inNovember.Frcm the first, Senator Hardinghas been the second choice of thedelegation. In fact, he was the favorite of several delegates in supporting Lodwen because they beMeve Ohio Republicans' favoriteson would not be a serious factor inthe contest. Kentucky's switch toHarding on the tenth ballot, therefore, was not in any sense a bandwagon vote.oTAKE NO CHANCES.Rett assured that if it comesfrom Davis it is right, right inprice, right in quality and right ins-vie.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty Novelty Goods for Graduation Gifts.SHIRE & FITHIAN.(may2S-tf)lf ' "FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Have in SlockALL NEEDSForHot Weather WearVoiles, Organdies, Ginghams andWash Skirtings of all kindsA Full Line of Wash DressesSwiss, Organdie, Voile andGinghamForest MillsiNet UnderwearDove BrandMuslin Underwear 'Niagara Brand' j Silk UnderwearFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERS-T--iREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSwThiough the H. L. Mitchell & Sonreal estate acencv. Jos. James minSaturday his cottage located on Vinestreet, to Rev. C. H. Bradley, of Aberdeen, unio, for $2,500.Mrs. Jofcie Boardman is remodeling her residence m North Middletiwn by putting a substantial addition to it, and making other improvements. The plans provide for ientrances on College street and IMain street.jThrough the Paris Realty Co.,Mrs. Porter Jett purchased the five-room cottage, belonging to Mrs.Tillie Quisenberry located on Sixteenth street, for $4,000. Mrs.Jett will get possession about June3 7, and will occury the property asa home.Through the real estate agencyof H. L. Mitchell & Son, Mayor E.B. January purchased of Miss TillieJaynes, her home at 617 Highstreet, for a nrice not eriven out forpublication. Mr. and Mrs. January jwill move to the home in July, andwill occupy the lower floor. MibsJaynes will move to Lexington toreside permanently.oRESIGNS AS CASHIER: SONSUCCESSOR.ISJames McClure, for the past eighteen years Cashier of the First National Bank of Paris, and one ofthe best posted financiers of Paris,tendered his resignation at a meeting of the Board of Directors, heldin the bank's executive offices Saturday afternoon.The resignation, after a conference of the Board, was reluctantlyaccepted. Shortly after Mr. McClure was elected vice-president,and will remain in active servicewith the institution.Mr. McClure's son, James WinnMcClure, who has recently returnedto America from the Philippics,where he had been stationed in theservice since the close of the worldwar, was elected to succeed hisfather as Cashier. Mr. James McClure, Sr., was selected as Cashierwhen the First National Bank wasfirst organized, and during his incumbency of the office the bankerected and occupied its present imposing five-story building at thecorner of Main and Fourth.TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONSBourbon county teachere examinations for both white and coloredteacheis will be held at the courthouse in Paris, Friday and Saturday, June 18 and 19.Nannie G. Clarke, of Millersburg,and Lee Kirkpatrick, Paris, examiners for Bourbon county.m& CO.EDUCATIONAL BOARD'S ATTJ-, TUDE ON M. M. I.QUESTIONA statement of the attitude ofthe members of the Bourbon CountyBoard of Education toward the proposal to convert M. M. I. into a' County Hih School, andtherea-isons for their attitude, is due bothto them and to the public.Every member of this Board isproud of the record that has beenmade by M. M. I. Colonel and Mrs.Best have contributed generouslyand greatlj- to the cause of education by their many years of devotion. Millersburg would be guilty' or ingratitude it tney tailed to ap-preciate to the fullest what theseLtw0 unselfisil and efficient liveshav? meant for tnem- No member'Jl V115 Board is in the least. disposedto deny or disparage the great ser-ice that this school has rendered.It is not their purpose to let thisservice die, but rather to extend andwiden it sc that all the children ofall the peoplo of this section of thecounly may be privileged to enjoyihe same incomparable opportunitiesthat few havt- been able to enjoyheretofore. The supreme obligation of. this Board is to afford thevervbest possible advantages totvery child ir- this and in all othersections of the county.Colonel and Mrs. Best have reached that point in life when they feltthat they were entitled to a rest.No man will deny that they have'.earned it. They did not want tosee the work of 'their hands die; forthat reason, they were willing tcdispose of this property to thecounty school board at a sacrifice.This property is easily worth morethan the price that has been paidby the County School Board. Col.Best realized this thoroughly; onlyhis desire to see the work carried on prompted him to make thissacrifice. His wish was that noneof the good things that had beeninitiated by him should be lost, butthat they should become the heritage of the entire county. Themembers of the County Board understood and appreciated his attitude and feel themselves under solemn obligation to continue the samehigh standard that he has set.The members of the County Boardlealize their obligation to the peopleand to the tax payers of Bourboncounty. They believe that the people of Bourbon county want thebest possible school for their children. They believe that they willgladly support such school. Theyhope that in the course of a fewyears every child in Bourboncounty shall have easy access to anefficient graded and high school.They saw in the situation at Millersburg 'an opportunity to begin.The first one of these schools mustbe established somewhere in thecounty. They were not favoringMilleisburg at the expense of thelest of the county. They began atMilleisburg simply because the bestopportunities were presented there.When they have given to the peopleof this section of the county a firstclass school, then they mean to dothe same thing for for other sections of the county. Within thecourse of a few yeais, even underthe minimum tax levy, the Boardbelieves that it can do this. Theyhave no desire to antagonize anyother school of any sort whatsoever.Their obligation is to provideschools that can be attended by allthee hildrtvn, rich and poor alike.Their oath of office compels them todo this. They have no choice.As a - business proposition, theBoard feels that it is entitled to thecommendation of the tax payers ofthe county for the purchase at Millersburg. As an educational proposition, the Board feels that theyhave been able to do the best thingthat has ever been done for thechildren of the county in this purchase. They believe that it willmean more for Mille.-sburg willcome to feel just the same sort ofpride in this new County HighSchool that they have felt in M. M.I. They invite their co-operationand solicit their advice and support.They feel that their first obligationis to the children of the county andthey believe that they will receivethe support of the people in the dischax'ge of this obligation.J. B. CAYWOOD,Chairman of Bourbon Co. Board olEducation:oA SUITABLE GRADUATIONGIFT.Eversharp Pencils, $1.00 andup, for graduation gifts.SHIRE & FITHIAN.(may28-tf)IMPORTANT MEETING OF GOOD' ROADS ASSOCIATIONThe annual convention of theKentucky Highway Assaciation,composed of the county judges,Fiscal Courts and the KentuckyHighway Engineers' Association,will be held in the Armory, at Louisville, June 15, 16 and 17. CountyJudge George Batterton, of Bourbon county, ib in receipt of the following letter: "It will be the largestroad gathering ever held in theState of Kentucky, and will be ofmaterial benefit in the carrying outof road building programs in thecounty of Bourbon, as well as others. Not only the officials named,but other allied interests in theState will be welcome." A numberof the contemplated road improvements in Bourbon county will bemder the supervision ofthe StateEngineer, the State as&uniing onehalf thecost. "LOUISVILLE BOARD OF TRADEThe Louisville Heads of HousesBoosting Club, which, made a tour-f Vaiious -nartn nf TTonfnnlrtr i.rweek, arrived in 'Paris at an earlyhour Friday morning, on a specialtrin composed of several sleepers,diners and baggage cars, comingfrm Georgetown, where they haden enthusiastic reception. The carswere parked in the Paris yards ofthe Louisville & Nashville, untilthe tired boosters, who had spentpart of the night in other ways thanboosting, could catch up on the matter of sleep. Many of the partyfrankly admitted they had not beenattending prayer-meeting the nightbefore.The reception committee composed, of Paris merchants, headed byJohn T. Collins, president of theParis Commercial Club, and MayorE. B. January, met the party atthe Tenth street passenger station,and, after stowing them away inautos, formed a line of march. Thebooster delegation were taken tothe Edward Simms country estate,"Xalapa Farm," on the North Middle town pike, near Paris, wherethey were met by Mr. Benj. Buckner, manager, and shown throughthe beautiful grounds. They werefirst shown the homes of Wandererand Eternal, heading the Simmst-tud, and the wonderful flowergardens, all a mass of beautfulblooms, and- then strolled throughvaiious paits of the farm, whichelicited their unbounded approval.It had been planned to hold aprogram of exercises at the courthouse, but the late hour of theparty's return from the XalapaI Farm, and the fact that they weribehind on their schedule, causedthat to be abandoned. Headed bythe First Division Band from CampTaylor the excursionists returnedo their special train, which spedaway to the next stop.The visitors expressed themselves as being greatly pleased withtheir impressions of Paris, butmany of them took a sly dig at thecondition of Main street and thethick layer of dust settling overeverything. Bourbon's magnificentcourt house drew forth expression sof admiration from each member ofthe party, who declared it to be thefinest buliding of the kind they hadseen on the whole trip.In behalf of the merchants ofParis and the city of Paris, MayorE. B. January issued the followingcard of thanks:"Paris is pioud of the hearty retponpe made by the auto owners orle city and county to a request forautos to transport our Louisvillevisitors to and from the L. & N. station. A total of sixty-seven carswere donated for this purpose, andwe feel it a source of the greatestgratification to note the ready respouse and the courtesy shown byHie owners of these machines. Tothem we extend our heartiestthanks. We also desire to thankMr. Benj. Buckner, manager ofXalapa Farm, for courtesies shownriir visitors at the farm. The spir'tof co-operation and willingnessmanifested shows Paris people to benot knockers, but boosters for theirhome town.". oMASONIC BODIES TO MEET JUNE24TH.A banquet will be given at theMasonic Temple on June 24th, at 8p. m. Members of all Masonic bosiies in Paris and Bourbon county arecordiallv invited to be nrp" MASONIC COMMITTEE.(U-4t)PURE SILK SHIRTINGS.See our w ndow display off$5.00, $4.50 and $4.00 Pure SilkShirtings at $3.00 the yard.FRANK & CO.FORMERPARIS PASTORSIGNS.RE-Effective July 15, Rev. John JayRice formerly pastor of the ParisPiesbyterian church, has tenderedhis resignation as pastor of thechurch at Harrodsburg, where hehas been stationed since leavingParis. Rev. Rice has accepted acall to the pastorate of the Presbyterian church at Jonesboro, Ark., athriving city of over twelve thousand inhabitants.During his pastorate of thp Parichurch Rev. Rice made a host ofwarm friends, whose good wisheswill follow him to his new field oflabor, as they did to Harrodsburg.Rev. Rice married Miss ElizabethBrown, only daughter of Dr. J. T.Brown, of Paris.BASE BALL.In a game between the Paris andFlora teams, played on the latter'sgrounds near Blue Lick Springs, inNicholas county, Sunday afternoon,Paris met defeat by a score of 13 to5. The batteries were: ParisNeill and Breeze: Flora Peddicord nnd Pricf. The Paris team hadthe following line-up: B. Williams,rf; Keith, 2b. Wagoner.' lb; Williams, ss; Webb, 3b; Breeze, c;Neill, p; S. Breeze, If; Mitchell, c. f.LIVESTOCK TRANSACTIONSA large consignment of Kentuckyhorses, was shipped to Cuba lastweek bv J. T. Campbell & Co , ofC&mpbellsburg, Ky. Among thehorsec were several purcnased fromJ. Tollie Young and Henry S. Caywood, of near Paris. The horseswere shipped through Florida toKeyWest, thence by steamer toHavana.CITY OF PARIS SUES DUNCANAVENUE RESIDENTSEighteen citizens of Paris, resi-uents or property-owners of Duncanavenue, one of the most prominentresidence streets in the city, havebeen made defendants in a suitbrought against them by the City ofParis, and filed recently in the officeof Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb.In the petition filed with the suitit is alleged that the defendantsfiled a petition with the City ofParis, asking to have Duncan avenue resurfaced with Kentuckyrock asphalt, and agreeing to paya certain proportion of the costs involved. The city made the improvements, and new alleges that the defendants have refused to pay anypart of the costs of construction.The amounts set forth in the suitrange from $45 to $126, and arebrought against the following persons: B. M. Renick, Miss ElizabethGrimes, W. B. Allen, George Howard, George R. Bell, Jos. M. Hall,Newton Mitchell, I. D. Thompson,Mrs. John J. McClintock, as executor of her deceased husband, Mrs.R. J. Neely, Mrs. Sallie B. Hedges,Mrs. James K. Ford, Mrs. Harry B.Clay, Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, Dr.W. T. Brooks, Mrs. Mary IrelandDavis, Paris Presbyterian churchand Mrs. Laura W. Bayless.DECLARES 7o PER CENT. DIVIDEND. At a meeting of the officials ofthe Bourbon Building & Loan Association, held in the offices of theAssociation, last week, a dividendof seven and one-half per cent,vas declared. Other business ofimportance to the stockholders andpatrons of the Association wastransactedThis is one of the most trustworthy financial institutions in theState. Under the fostering care ofofficials of integrity and of the highest standing in the business life oParis, the Bourbon Building & LoanAssociation has been a bulwark ofstrength and a great aid to thosesreking a home. The past seasonhas been one of the most prosperousin its history Henry A. Power, ofthe Power Wholesale Grocery Co., ispresident, and Will Ssecretary of the Association.oVERY POPULARWhite Oxford shrits with attached button down collar. All sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oWUUL. HMWltu.We are Jn the market for R. win meet with. Mrs. WilliamWOOl and Will pay the highest ,", at her residence on MainmarlfPt nrirP Call at mjr nfffirp street thls- (Tuesday) afternoon,marnet price, uaii ai our onice 2:30 0clock, This will be thefor sacks and twine. j last business meeting before theR. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO. summer vacation. The Flag Day(apr30-tf) .program will be rendered.WE KNOW HWWHATS A PICNICWITHOUT LUNCH?What's a Day in the Countryif You're Not Dressed CountryStyle, Which Means Easy StyloWe have country clothesfor every kind of sport, allmade to help the gamesuits that look good and feelgood.Clothes ForOuting WearGad-Aboutand Lounge-AboutThe styles you see mostlyat country clubs and swagger resorts. You'll find themhere.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MENHIGH WINDS AND HEAVTRAINS BRING RELIEFJumping from wintermer, with apparentlyinto sum-no snriBjrweather to speak of. this section hasbeen visited by a heat wave lastinafuntil Sunday night. "The mercuryranged in the nineties for severaluays, bringing general discomfort Inits wake.Sunday night heavy clouds banking in the skies sent pedestrians:and autoists scurrying to cover toavoid what looked most piomisinglylike a cyclone in the making1. High,winds swept the city and county,followed by a heavy downpour ofrain. The storm was accompaniedby a brilliant electrical display.Lightning struck a shade tree in theyard at the home of A. B. Hancock,on Pleasant street, leaving a broadspiral streak of barked surface froiatop to bottom. No other damagewas done. The electrical currentand street lighting system was temporarily interrupted. Clouds of dustfilled the air for a time, but that'snothing new to Paris people. Reports from nearby States tell ofdamage done by the storm in thosesections.FALSE ALARM OF FIREChildren passing Box 17, on Duncan avenue, Saturday afternoon,stopped long enough, presumably,to wonder what would happen if thebox should "go off." The experiment resulted satisfactory, to thechildren, at least. The departmentresponded, but could find no fire iivthe vicinity. Residents of the vicinity did not see the box pulled, butthe members of the department areof the opinion that it was the workof thoughtless children.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanSALE OF EDIBLES.The ladies of St. Peter's Episcopal church will conduct a sale ofedibles in the offices of the LeeKent Oil Co., on Main street, Saturday morning, beginning at teno'clock. They will have a varietyof tempting articles in the food line.The patronage of the public is solicited. D. A. R. MEETING.jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A.irv.n iSv : - '"UV5M 'Arv',-''t.- . !---V-, f. ry"--f" fi ,FACE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDATJUNE'll. 1920,i'ftIRE BOURBON NEWSiMrtiished 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationTrillin il Every Tuesday and FridayAr Tear. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.red at the Paris, Kentucky,yostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)JUay erroneous reflection upon thekaracter, standing or reputation ofwty person, firm or corporationpk5cG may appear in the columns ofSHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlywrected if brought to attention of3ft editor.82 It)REIGN REPRESENTATIVES. lew York American Press Assoatzon. ifnicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son..Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Xonisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESLIFT CORflS OFFIT DOESNT HURTWith fingers ! Corns lift out andcosts only few centsViMdJDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perSSstb lor first time; 50 cents per inchfih Eubsequent insertion.Xsafting Notices, 10 cents per linemat issue; reading notices In blackiyps, 20 "cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi3ts, obituaries and resolutions, andsfoaHar matter, 10 cent? per line.Special rates for large advertlsesets and yearly contracts.3he right of publisher is reseived, decline any advertisement or otherScatter for publication.Announcements for political officesisst invariably be accompanied byhe cash.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER."We are authorized to announce5AS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Preotnct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County.-with VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofSEEersburg, as Deputy, subject toike action of the Democratic votersaf Bourbon county.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER."We are authorized to announce30HN J. REDMON, of the NorthXiddletown precenict, as a oandiitte for Tax Commissioner of Bour-coa pnimtv with TTTOAfAS TATTT.mt Paris, as deputy, subject to the Jeion of the Democratic voters ofSourbon county.Pain? No, not one bit! Justdrop a little Freezone on thattouchy corn, instantly it stops aching, then you lift thai bothersomecorn right off. Yes, magic! Cosesonly a few cents.Try Freezone! Your druggiotsells a tiny bottle, sufficient to ridyour feet of every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle ofpain, soreness or irritation. Freezone is the mysterious ether discovery of a Cincinnati genius.(adv)oMOVIES SHOW RESULTS OF CORRECTIVE TREATMENTMoving picture films showing thecures effected in spines of nineyoung women of the Paris HighSchool as a result of the correctivetreatment process, were shown atAlamo Theatre and the Paris GrandWednesday afternoon and night.The films were made from photographs taken of the children'sspines by the Pathe Film Co., bothbefore and after the six weeks' oftraining by Miss Adrienne Innes, instructor in physical culture at theParis High School, and under thespecial direction of Dr. Martha Petree. It is probable that this treatment for incipient spinal troublewill be made a permanent feature ofthe High School work in the future,as by this means will be removed adistressing condition which oftenleads to intense suffering and deformity.FAMOUS OPERA IN REDPATHCHAUTAUQUA PROGRAMThe famous Gilbert and Sullivanlight opera, "Pinafore," and the rollicking comedy success, "NothingBut The Truth;" Louise Stallings,lyric mezzosoprano; five premiermusical companies and seven greatlectures on vital themes these arenotable attractions which are to appear in Paris on the 1920 RedpathChautauqua, July 6 to 13. The entire seven days' program is repletewith features of compelling interestand timeliness.The Sibyl Sammis Singers andMiss Mary Cameron, pianist, willbe the attraction on the first afternoon. The Sibyl Sammis Singerbare a vocal quartet organized bySibyl Sammis MacDermid, of Chicago. Costume sketches are a feature of the piogram."Facing the Task" will be thesubject of a lecture on the openingnight by Dr. Henry E. Rompel, oneof America's greatest dramatic orators. Permanent patriotism, community co-operation, industrial responsibility, thorough Americanismand the philosophy of inspirationare some of the great topics presented in this lecture.oWOULD PARIS DO THIS?The following petition was circulated and wa's signed by practically all the business houses ofGeorgetown: "In order to alleviatethe labor shortage and to block thelabor piofiteers, we are willing tofurnish as much labor assistance asour business will permit and release our employees for farm workwhenever it is possible. Neither weor our employees are to receive anycompensation except dinner andtransportation to and from work."LOSTPin, with thirteen small diamondsin platinum setting. A suitable reward will be be paid for its returnto this office. (8-2tFOR SALETwo draft horea one mare; ongelding well broken and goodworkers, 7 years old, 16 hands high.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,(ll-4t) Paris, Ky.LOSTSomewhere in Paris on last Monday evening, a lavaliere, with diamond and crystal pendant. Findeiwill be suitably rewarded by' leaving same at NEWS office. (ll-2t)Farms For SaleaMCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to cuiccatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. CatarrhalDeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe Eustachian Tube. When thistube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing,and when it is entirely closed,deafness is the result. Unless theinflammation can be reduced andtube restred tc its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrna"nonfnocu flint faiiTint. he cured byfall's Catarrh Medicine. Circularsfree. All Druggists, 7oc.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, Ohio,(june-adv)3PORDEPUTY TAXSIONER.COMMIS-; Stops Hair Coming; Out; DoublesIts Beauty-Ben Woodford, Jr., will make the3cce for Deputy in connection with"2?7Jter Clark as Tax Commissionersa Bourbon County, subject to thenation cf the Democratic party.INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVEStsineton ForPansX M.Jl M.JL M.6.00x7:208:50Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M. 10:20A, M. 11.50A. M.AP; M.P.. M.P. M.JfcsM.P. M.. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:108:15M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15?4M. 11:003:455:156:508:15P. M. 10:05P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.IHWff y JA few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)JCENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYWe suppose those Mexican officers who are protesting that Carranza committed suicide will bewilling to admit that he is dead.my&nURconductprofessionalis a triumph of experienceandscience. Our adequate equipment.ourskill and our courtesyare respectfully placed at the disposal ofthe public.I3 WMk IX .Mil 11 !182 acres fine rolling and flatlimestone soil, not steep, along largecreek. Fields well watered by neverfailing springs.All woven wire fences mostlynew hog proof. . Good seven-roomhouse. Stock barn and modern cowstable, 12 stalls. New Silo, HogFarrowing Barn and Corn Crib.Two 40 x 72 Tobacco Barns,one new. Two Stripping Housesand other outbuildings. Excellenttobacco ground, Clover and Alfalfa;some fruit trees, and much timber.School house within 150 rods ofhouse. On pike 3 miles from townand Ohio River.Price. $95.00 per acre.; This time of yearit's a good ideato combine freshfruit or berrieswith your morning dish ofSim$&GrapeNutsThe blend of flavor provesdelightful and is in tune-with June."There's a ReasonA revival of the war-time practice of "digging in" would help alot to assist things normalward.140 acres extra strong rollinglimestona soil, not steep, alonglarge creek. Fields watered by never-failingsrn'ngs. Well fenced.Horse stable, new stock barn, modern cow stable, 14 stalls, new silo.Two large tobacco barns and stripping house.Excellent 8-room stone house,cow crib, smoke house and severalother bulding. Some timber andmany fruit trees, alfalfa and clover.Most of this ground will raise fintobacco. On pike 2 miles fromtown.Price, $115.00 per acre BARGAIN. Haven't time for proper management? Can give possession wilh tenantson farms anytime, and one-half ofstock.Call or write,Dr. Thos. Longworth,LUMBER!oWe are now cutting two million feetfrom holdings in Keutucky and Ten- 'nessee, and can also furnish longleaf yellow pine from the Southernforests in any quantity more than carloads.Let us furnish you estimates.We can save you money.Thompson - Humble Stave &Lumber CompanySomerset, KentuckyLOSTTuesday night between Sideview,in Alontgomery county and Paris, ;.traveling man's red leather samplecase containing valuable papers.Had owner's identification card onoutside. Suitable reward for return. OTTIS E. PACE.Care Indian Refining Co., or Room34, Y. M. C. A., Lexington, Ky.(ll-2t)Screen Doors For SaleTwo good screen doors in excellent condition. Made by carpenterand are of heavy material. Call at811 Pleasant street, or Phone 34.(tf)ATTENTI ONOwing to my inability to secure ustore to show my fine 'line of PlayerPianos, and Cabinet Talking Machines, am doing business at present at my sample room.Give me a call or phone and beconvinced of bargains. Severalused Pianos taken in exchange atcost. Cash or convenient terms maybe arranged. Latest music rolls forsale. Tuning and lepairing done.J. B. GEIS,Cumb. Phone 563. 908 High St.Representative J. H. Templema-nPiano Company.V tfAutomobile Repair andMachine ShopOxy-Acetylene Welding. All workguaranteed.HIGG1NS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may 4-3 mo)(25-8t)FELICITY, OHIOjUllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllHWilliam K. Hasan - ybNArchitect. c- Encineer.vPAtiy. Ky.F1RT NATIONAL BANKiiiiiii!i!!ii!iiiiiiiiiimiimi!iiiiiiii!iii!!iii;iiiiiiimiiiiimiiiinPRICESIfodsl K-44 - $15S40Model K-45 - $15&0OMofeIK-46 - I223&00Model K-47 - 24&00Medal K-49 - $1SG5JD0Mod.lK-50 . $280Su00F. O. B. Flbtt, Mich.Prices Rewised April i, '20HudnalPs Taxi Co.Will Hun Two Cars Daily ExceptSunday. Trom Paris to Millersburg and Carlisle.CAR NO. 1.Leaves Windsor Hotel at. 11: 20 a.m.Arrive in Millersburg. . .11:40 a.m.Arrive in Carlisle 12:20 p.m.Leave Cential Hotel ....12:25 p.m.Leave Feeback Hotel ...12:25 p.m.Arrive Millersburg .... 1:00 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelParis 1:30 p.m.CAR NO. 2.Leaves Windsor Hotel ..12:15 p.mArrive Millersburg ..,..12:45 p.m.Arrive Carlisle, Feeback andand Central Hotel ... '1:15 p.m.Arrive in Millersburg 1:55 p.m.Arrive Windsor HotelBoth Jhones 204.."2:25 p.m.tONE of the world wide achievementsof the Buick Valve-in-head motorcar is the complete motor car satisfactionthat comes with Buick ownership.Such an achievement has not been established simply through die miraculous performance of one particular model butoverwhelmingly acquired by the daily useof over five hundred thousand Buick cars.The Buick Valve-in-head motor carthrough twenty years of fine performance,has established a prestige that has completely won the confidence of mirdLBukk efficiency, economy, and enduranceare qualities that give to the world anassurance of supreme motor carsatisfaction.spgJ2 Tl Bufck Model Ktx-44 JyPyB43When better automobiles are built, Brack will build them-,Thc C S. Bafii GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.-"Vi4i:. v,&t?,-4.r'-t.l .- -Jt ,1 1"-s-7ixI T FRIDAY, JUNE 11, 1920THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFACE-- -Another Royal SuggestionDOUGHNUTS and CRULLERSFrom the New Royal Cook BookDOUGHNUTS madethe doughboy happyduring tke war and no wonder. There is nothing morewholesome and delightfulthan doughnuts or crullersrightly made. Their rich,golden color and appetizingaroma will create an appetite quicker than anythingelse in the world.Here are the famous doughnut and cruller recipesfrom the New Royal CookBook.Doughnuts3 tablespoons shortening-3 cup sugar1 egg?s cup milk1 teaspoon nutmeg1 teaspoon sait3 cups flour4 teaspoons Royal BakingPowderCream shortening; add sugarand v.'ell-beaten egg; stir inmilk; add nutmeg, salt, flour andbaking powder which have beensilted together and enough additional flour to make dough stiffenough to roll. Roll out onfloured board to about y inchthick; cut out. Fry in deep fathot enough to brown a piece ofbread in 60 seconds. Drain onunglazed paper and sprinklewith powdered sugar.Afternoon Tea Doughnuts2 eggs6 tablespoons sugarteaspoon saltteaspoon grated nutmesROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely Pure2 tablespoons shortening6 tablespoons milk2 cups flour3 teaspoons Royal BakingPowderBeat eggs tratil very light; addU0ar, salt, nutmeg and meltedshortening; add: milk, and flourand baking powder which havebeen sifted together; mix well.Drop by teaspoons into deephot fat and fry until brown.Drain well on unglazed paperand sprinkle lightly with powdered sugar.Crullers4 tablespoons shortening1 cup sugar2 eggs3 cups flour1 teaspoon cinnamonteaspoon salt3 teaspoons Royal BakingPowdercup milkCream '"shortening; add sugargradually and beaten eggs; sifttogether flour, cinnamon, saltand baking powder; add cnohalf and mix well; add milk andremainder of dry ingredients tomake soft dough. Roll out onfloured board to about inchthick and cut ino -'rips about4 inches long r.il "-. roh wide;roll in hands r ' . it eachstrip and brin .. onther.Fry in deep ho iVii-. Pram androll in powdered su'ur. '1II!FEE!New Royal Cook Book containing these and acorcj oother delightful recipes.Write for it TODAY.ROYAL BAITING POWDER CO.115 Hilton Street;JCe.v York City"Bake with Royal and hVWttltttKKBKtKKtKKtKlmSSfasS?s$ssznaosissss:STATE PRESS ASSOCIATION ATCOVINGTON, JUNE 17-19.Newspaper men of the State areexpecting to have a royal time atCovington, on Thursday, Friday andSaturday, Jure 17, 18 and 19, whenthe annual meeting of the KentuckyPress Association will "be held there.The meeting is to be a "brasstacks" affair in all respects, andthere will be few frills, but enoughamusement features will be provided to make the visit of the news mena pleasant one.Thursday afternoon at 1 o'clockconvention opens in Library Auditorium. Address of welcome andPresident's address, after which thewhole time will be devoted to thediscussion of the news and editorialend of making a newspaper.Thursday evening Mr. RichardErnst will entertain the visitors ata banquet in behalf of the Covington Industrial Club, of which he ispresident. The Industrial Club willhe the host cf the convention. Governor Morrow has been invited tospeak at the banquet.Friday morning will be devotedexclusively to the business end ofnewspaper making. There will b-jtwo or three addresses on newsprintsituation, advertising, etc., but mostfit the time will be for open discussion. Friday afternoon will be devotedto iob printing:. Therfi will hp twocr three addresses. Mr. Jack Clavr-son, of Salt Lake City, will be present to speak on the Franklin Printing Price List.On Friday evening the Cincinnatisupply houses will entertain theKentucky visitors at the Zoo. Adinner will be served and a numberof Ohio and Indiana publishers willbe invited to be present. The headliner on this occasion will be ClaudeShafer, the artist-creator . of "OldMan Grump" in the CincinnatiPost.The Saturday morning sessionwill consist of the election of officers and probably two talks in behalf of outside interests. It is likelylhat the good roads movement andthe farmer movement will be heard.Among the talent booked for theregular sessions will be Alan Rogers, formerly of the Enquirer, oneof the most capable newspaper menin the game anywhere,SIMMS RESIGNS FROM PETROLEUM CO. DIRECTORATEE. F. Simms has resigned as a director of Simms Petroleum Company. Edward T. Moore and R. T.Rogers were elected directors at theannual meeting of stockholders tofill vacancies. Other directors werere-elected. A motion to investigatemore thoroughly the company'spresent status and to report to thestockholders was defeated.Directors of Simms PetroleumCompany have elected Edward T.Moore as president of the company,succeeding E. F. Simms, resigned.Mr. Moore has represented theStone & Webster interests in Dallas,Texas, for more than fifteen earsAccording to a statement issued after the meeting, Mr. Simms and hisassociates hold over one-third of tbvissued capital stock, and will con-linnp tn Iip m-rmnrtinnnrolv vnnro.tsented on the directorate and executive committee.W MKOlUCRing -ra i99RollickingComedy Success'Nothing but the TruthNew York CastA plot so .full of amusingcomplications and surprises that it is one constant gale of merrimentfrom first to last.The story of24 hours of veracityon a wager6th NightSeason Tickets $2.75 Plus 10'TaxRedpaih ChautauquaJust One of 15 Big AttractionsmmEDPTH CHAUTQUABtjglEXIT THE SALOON ENTERWHAT?(Pictorial Review)The women of this country saythey closed the saloons, and theysoy it very proudly. There is nodoubt that the influence of womenwas the strongest factor in bringingabout the prohibition amendment.Granted, then, that you womenclosed the saloons in your hometowns. What have you put in theirplace?The teamster, the ditch-digger,every man whose work kept himout in the bitter cold, could run intothe saloon to get warm. The manwho had trampled the streetsfor hours, looking for work, couldfind in the saloon the warmth thatput new courage in him. Not allthese men bought a drink, but noman was made to feel unwelcome.The bartender viewed every man asa potential customer.The soul with a thirst for human companionship, the man withan unpleasant home, with a coldhall bedroom for a home, or with nohome at ail, spent his eveningsthere. The Poor Man's Club, hecalled it.The influence was bad. Butwhere, in your town, does the halffrozen man get warm to-day?Wheie can be buy food of any kindwith a nickle? Where can he findwarmth, light, human companionship, this evening?Look your town over and find theanswers to these questions. .Localconditions differ. It is impossibleto make constructive suggestions tofit every community. The womenwho were smart enough to banishthe saloon are smart enough to finda substitute for it. But don't thinkthe problem solved when you haveone Young Men's Christian Association building, or one social center,or one community church. The saloons were scattered about plentifully. They were set in the poorman's path. He didn't feel shy orsuspicious when he went in.When the saloon was closed, agreat reform was begun. It will befinished when its substitute is in! successful X' operation.oCUT THIS OUT AND TAKEWITH YOUITParis Chautauqua Week July 6th to 13thA man often forgets the exactname of the article he wishes topurchase, and as a last resort takessomething else instead. This is always disappointing and unsatisfactory. The safe way is to cut thisout and take it with you so as tomake sure of getting Chamberlain'sTablets. You will find nothing quiteso satisfactory for constipation andindigestion.- . . (june-adv)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings' of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Sidney Ardery, Jr., is visitingrelatives in East Livemnni cyr,Mrs. Ada Rfce and Mrs. J. T.aywooa, of near Paris, are sojourning at Dawson Springs. tJames Bivin, of Akron, Ohio,attended the funeral and burial oFArthur H. Parker, in this city, lastweek.Mrs. Pattie Pearce, of Newport, is visiting friends and relatives in Paris and North Middletown. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Chandlerhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Covington and Cincinnati. Miss Hazel Wollstein has returned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in Texas andCalifornia.Miss Ethel Vanarsdale, ofWashington, Ind., is a guest of Mr.Mid Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay, onEighth street.Mrs. Roger Burris and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Burris, havegone to Dawson Springs for an extended sojourn.Mrs. Willis Blackwell and sonhave returned to Winchester after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Grant Robinson, in this city.Mrs. Ernest Erdman, of Ashland avenue, Lexington, is visitingher mother, Mrs. 'William Kenney,near Hutchison.Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth and children have returned from a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. JamesShropshire, in Leesburg.Miss Nettie Horton has return-d to her home in Mt. Sterling, afttr a visit to her sister, Mrs. CatesbyWoodford, Jr., -near Paris.Miss Sue Boardman has return- jed from Kentucky University, atLexington to spend the summer vacation at her home near Paris.Mrs. Harry Minter and daughter, Miss Flossie Minter, have returned to their home in Lexington,after a visit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Reuben Offutt has returned to her home in Georgetown aftera visit to her daughter, Mrs. Wm.Kenney Ferguson, and Mr. Ferguson, in this city.Mrs. J. D. Yocum, of nearParis, is a patient at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where she recently underwent asurgical operation.Wm. R. McCray, Henry S. Caywood and Air. and Mrs. Robert McCray, of North Middletown, have re-1turned from Chicago, where theyattended the International Livestock Show.A postcard from Sherman H.Stivers, of Paris, who i? sojourningat Swango Springs, says: "Hello!Water fine. Am feeling good. Cooland refreshing air. I find I am lostwithout THE NEWS. Please sendme the last three issues."Boys and girls are . returningfrom the out-of-town schools tospend the summer vacation. Theschool days are temporarily overand the students are preparing toenjoy (heir freedom from schoolrestraint to the utmost.Henry Keller, son ff the lateStanley Keller, of Carlisle, was aguest of Paris friends for the weekend. Mr. Keller was en route toCrab Orchard Springs, where hewill take a position as clerk in theCrab Orchard Springs Hotel.Mrs. John Kiser has returner:from a visit to Mrs. Robert L. Frankand daughter, who are spending thesummer at Lake Saranac. New York,and with Mr. and Mrs. Irvin Keller,at Montclair, New Jersey. Mrs.Callie Keller, who accompaniedMrs. Kiser on the visit, will remainuntil next fall with Mrs. Frank.(Other Personals on Page 5)H0QSIERTHE SILENT SERVANT WITH A HUNDRED HANDSHi I I I I HHI B aaH afcH H aaS aW 1 " HEXCURSIONCincinnati, O.and returnvia$1.95 L. & N. $1.95Sunday, June 20th, 1920Special train will leave Paris ar8:20 a. m., returning, will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m. Standard Time, 7:30 p.m Ciiy Time. .For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.SUMMERSHOWING-OF-VOILE DRESSESEE TTDRESSESand a most extraordinary show-mg of the latest styles inm itsPKTwin Bros.Department Store7th aiicLMaln N Paris, KyAT YOURFINGERS' ENDSCareful study of the needs of thousands ofkitchens has perfected the Hoosier. Foods, utensils and tools are all at you fingers' ends.You can sit in front of Hoosier's big, uncluttered work-board and place your fingers on everything you need quickly, surely and easily.That means you'll spend less time in yourkitchen and the time you do spend there will behappier once you install the Hoosier.Why not come in for a demonstration? NoebliSation if you don't intend to buy now.A. F. Wheeler & Co-Main Street, Opposite Court HouseCHAS. GREEN, Manager.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky."PI1rnmioinmmzAnd Now we are Making Contracts ForFallPaintinOur Spring business-was farin excess of any season we haveever had, and it bids fair to belarger this Fall. We are booked'way up with our summer business. All our customers havebeen pleased.NOW, if you want paintingdone this Fall let us figure withyou now and book your orders.Don't wait MATERIAL WILL, BE HIGHER!Fall is the proper ime to dooutside work. Protect yourhouse from the winter weatherwith paint. Call us by phonefor appointment.KANE BROS.Home Phone 399PARIS, KENTUCKYfmmt.l.gHM3THgBttEB!l-MWIH'WrtListen, Tobacco GrowerI Now is the time to us A Fertilizer, and itwill pay you to get prices fromtt -Aumtr orusOfflct Opposite- Paris Tabacco Cumberland PhMa.aarWanhauM Hmh Mwm271xl111rSf. ,t'C :Vv -.PAGCFOOITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY,. JUN. 15, HIT.-.Kv,ifprof. M. A. Cassidy, Enoch Grehaai,DEATHS.Dr. A. M. Peter and Judge F. A.McGINNIS.John H. McGinnis, aged sixtythree, who has for many years beenengaged in the grocery businessnear the city limits of Paris, diedat his home, at the intersection ofthe Hume and Bedford and theLexington pikes, Friday afternoon,after a long illness. Mr. McGinnip?s survived by his widow, Mrs. LucyMcGmnis, two sons, Claude McGinnis, of Frankfort, and Elmer McGinnis, of Paris; and one brother,James McGinnis, of Flemingcounty.The funeral was held at fouro'clock Saturday afternoon, withhort services conducted at theBullock.BOARD VOTES TO RETAIN M. M.I. BUILDINGS.By a vote of four to three, Superintendent of County Schools J. B.Caywood 'casting the deciding vote,the County Board of Education, ata meeting' held Saturday, decidedto retain for Graded School purposes the recently-acquired M. M. Ischool buildings and grounds atMillr-rsburg. ACitizens of Millersburg, with W.D. Mclntyre as spokesman, appearedbefore the Board and submitted itproposition for returning the M. M.I. property and offering $7,000 andsuitable grounds for the GradedSchool in exchange. The vote onrhe proposition resulted as statedmake re-lnt i-n fho T3o,.,-c namAATO tj,q oii above. Millersburg willIRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the newed efforts to retain the propertyParis Christian church. ThP. nail- as a military school.Paris Christian church. The nailhearers wtre Robin Adair, WilliamArdery, J. E. Kriegel, James Cum2nins, Jos. Houston and Hord Per-.fcins.DENNISONMrs. Sarah Dennison, agedfifty-seven, died at her home inWinchester after a long illness ofcancer of the stomach. Mrs. Dennison was a native of England, andcame to America at an early age,settling in Bourbon county. Shewas for many years with the familyof the late H. C. BucknerBIG 4 MOTOR CO. BUYS GROSCHEBUSINESS.We have bought the H. J. Grocheproperty and .have taken over thevulcanizing business, which Mr.Grosche so successfully conductedfor some time, and we will continuethe business of retreading, repairing and vulcanizing. We carryfull line of Ajax Fibric and CordTires, also Silver Town Cord Tires,iccessories, etc.Mr. W. L. Board, who is in chargeMrs. Dennison is survived by h-ii- cf the Tire Department will bj glar.'sband, J. J. Dennison and the to liave yu cal1 on lnm wJen "husbandfollowing children: A. R. Dennison and Mrs. Luther Hall, of Paris;Mrs. W. I. James, Mrs. Floyd Nelson, David, Goebel and HowardDennison, all of Winchester, andby one brother, John Brown, of. Paris.The funeral was held at the res' idence in Winchester, with service;conducted by Rev. W. S. Joiner,The body was brought toneed of new tires or have the oldcues repaired.BIG 4 MOTOR COMPANY,Cor. 8 th and High Sts.,(15-20 Paris, Ky.oGRASS SEED HARVEST NOW INPROGRESS.Harvesting of the 1920 crop ofParis iblue grass seed began actively inwhere it was interred on the family' this county yesterday, when severa'lot in the Pais Cemetery. The pall-! hundred teams, men and strippershearers were: Clarence Bursrher. ! took to the fields. The crop is re-John Johnson, Judd Otto, CharlesHostetter, Chas. Little and C. M.Byrd.POLK.Col. Wm. If. Polk, acredenty-seven, one of the best-known , of seed on thepoited as being- very heavy and ofgood quality. No prices for the uncleaned seed have yet been made"l-ublic by local dealers. About fourteen Bourbon county boys are as-sev-J sisting in harvesting the big cropEhnendorf Farm,men in the Bluegrass region diedlast week :n a hospital in Dayton,- Ohio, where he had been undertreatment some time. Col. Polkwas at one time postmaster of Paris,having been appointed by PresidentU. S. Grant, just after the CiviiWar. He served one term, resigning his position and moving toLexington. There he embarked inthe newspaper business as managing editor of the old LexingtonDaily Transcript. He was a writerof pronounced ability and vigor andwas known for his positive convictions in political and municipalaffairs. He was a son of Mrnear Lexington. Indications fromall over Central Kentucky concurwith those for Bourbon county withregard to a good seed crop, and itl.es been conservatively estimatedthat approximately 400,000 bushelswill be stripped during the season.Laborers are receiving as high as$7.00 per day in harvesting thecrop.E0R SALEI have for sale one barn pattern,most of the material oak. Wili sellat a bargain if sold at once. Willand quote price delivered or the cars anMrs. Gilead Polk, of Paynes Depot, i Carlisle. Address,in Scott county, where he was bornMarch 4, 1843. He served throughout of the war as a member of C. D.,21st Illinois Infantry, in the regiment commanded by U. S. Grant.The body wTas brought To his old(tf)R. W. NEAL,Carlisle, Ky.CARD OF THANKS.We desire to express our thankshome in Lexington. The funeral J to our friends, neighbors and betook place in the ciiapei at uie Lexington Cemetery, at two o'clockSaturday afternoon, with servicesconducted by Rev. J. W. Portei.The pall-bearers were: WTm. Preston Kimball; Richard H. Hanson,loved pastor for kindness shpwn usduring the recent illness and deathof our beloved husband and father,J. W. McGinnis.MRS. LUCY McGINNIS AND FAMILY.k.AUCTION SALEBT Used Ford Cars DNext Saturday morning at 10 A. M. fifty (50) used Ford carswfll be placed on sale at auction to the highest bidder, on the biglot at 436 S. Third Street, next to the Intenirban Depot, In Louisville-These cars are 1917 to 1920 models. There are Roadsters,Touring Cars, Sedans and Coupes. Some have starters. Several oftke largest dealers in Used Ford Oars hi Louisville are placing all. their cars in this sale. )Next Saturday Morning, June 19, at 10 A. M .O-At Louisville, Ky.-HQOn Th Big Lot 436 S. 3rd Next to Interurban DepotNOTED LECTUBER TOHEBE JTJlfE 16.SPEAKAn intellectual treat is said t bein store for the people of Paris,when David Goldstein, author,Knights of Columbus lecturer anddebater, delivers his address on"Bolshevism; What It Is; The Remedy For It."Everybody is invited to this gathering at the Court House, on Wednesday night, June 16, 8:00 jp. m.Admission to the lecture is free tcthe public. Seats; have been reserved for world war .veterans, whoare at present taking a decidedlykeen interest in the world's greatestproblem. The lecture of Mr. Goldstein will be of special interest tothem.The Knights of Columbus announce that the distinguished lecturer's address is not a tirade againstthe "Reds," but rather a constructive presentation of the subject,showing what this latest manifestation of Socialism in its brand-new?A'i Xti -SHfflv raga- ?- wvL,. "DAVID GOLDSTEIN,of Boston, Mass.JIn Buying FlourPrice Should Be a Secondary ConsiderationAbove all things, consider the conditions under which itis made. Nothing we eat is more susceptible to the influenceof unsanitary surroundings than flour. In the manufacture ofROYAL SPRING FLOURcleanliness is the watchword; germs and bacteria are overcome by perfect CLEANLINESS. And, besides, you don'thave to pay any more for it than you do for ordinary flour.Try just one sack; we know the verdict.PERRY, McCANN & MITCHELLDistributors Tor ParisOffice and Warehouse Foot of Pleasant Street.Large Truck for Hire for General Hauling.$WE HAVE ON DISPLAYJ -' and can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERY; a larger stock of finished" Granite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.,,. THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.. Mian 7f PAQIC IcniTlirtfV. - - w-.w .w . -...,, . wwvmJunel5-3mRussian dress really is. Mr. Goldstein's appeal is to lovers of Godand Country, to those who stand for:ivil law and ordered liberty.The address will be followed by aquizzing- period, when the speakerwill answer questions relating toany phase of the subject whether ofthe Bolshevism in Russia or of thatpropaganda in our own country.Mr. Goldstein is well qualified tospeak on the subject of Socialism,Communism, Bolshevism, since hewas a leader in the Socialist movement of Massachusetts some twentyyears ago, having- been the first candidate of that party for Mayor inhis home city, Boston. His resig-r-ationfrom the Socialist movement,after three years' effort within theparty to reform the organization,caused a sensation at the time, andit is considered the prime factor inthe decline of its vote in the OldBay State, causing the defeat of twoMayors, The three Socialist membersof the Legislature, and several aldermen and councilmen. It alsocaused the Socialist vote to bequickly reduced to one-quarter orits strength when he quit the movement. From that day to this theSocialist vote has been kept at alow ebb in Massachusetts."David Goldstein, who is astaunch defender of conservativetrades unionism, has struck somehard blows against Socialism uponthe floor of labor conventions.When a delegate to the Massachusetts State Convention of the American Federation of Labor at Pittsfield. Mr. Goldstein put a quietusupon Socialist propaganda at theseannual meetings, by introducing aset of resolutions which, concludedwith the demand, 'We hereby denounce as detrimental to our progress, as destructive to our goodfame, as disruptive of those nersonaland civic virtues which it is ourduty to cultivate, any attitude ofsympathy towards Socialist propaganda within our ranks.' (This wasthe first positive set of resolutionspresented in an American TradeUnion convention against the'Reds'.)"The following editorial from TheBoston Transcript shows the importance of the move made:"The Socialist propagandists haveno love for unionism as such; theirconnection with it is for the solepurpose, often frankly avowed, ofcapturing the labor movementand converting it into a revolutionary crusade against the existing social and industrial order. Byadopting Mr. Goldstein's resolutiondenouncing this propaganda 'as intellectually unsound, impracticalfrom an economic standpoint, anddemoralizing to the ' general wellbeing of society, the State Federation of Labor renders a public service which should be frankly acknowledged.' "Mr. Goldstein stands for that onehundred per cent Americanism thatwas demonstrated in the practicaland far-reaching aid given to ourgovernment by the Knights of Columbus in the World War, overseasand at home, and in the reconstruction program of this organizationduring the present period of readjustment. Speaking of Mr. Goldstein address in Troy, N. Y The Record declared his defense of American institutions to be "one of the most,remarkable demonstrations of a patriotic nature in the hife'tory of Troyfrom the earliest days down to thepresent time."The meeting will be, held in theCircuit Court room oh Wednesdaynight at 8 o'clock. Admission willbe free to all, no collections will betaken up, and all questions will beI answered (frankly and courteously. ;"(ll-2t)DON'T HISS THIS!The Russells, Rer. Ward Russell,his wife and son, Augustus, willwill give a program at the LittleRock Christian church, Fridaynightf, June 18, at 8 o'clock. Mrs.Russell will sing, Augustus willgive piano selections and Mr. Russell will lecture on "The Lost Rib,of The Daughter of Eve." Thesepeople are highly ' commended bythe press and those who enjoy musicand mirth, fun, fact and fancy,should attend. Under auspices ofthe Ladies Aid. (It)AutomobileMechanicsWantedWe want several automobile mefhanics to help take care of ourlargely increasing business. Cubr.need not apply. Good hours, andgood pay for light men.DICKERSON & SON,(15-3t) 706 Main Street.Notice to StockholdersThere will be a meeting of thestockholdeis of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company,Incorporated, at the First NationalBank, in Paris, Ky., on July 17th,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., for the purpose of electingofficers for the ensuing year.C. C. CLARKE, President.D W. PEED, Manager.(15-td)F.mI& TGet Your TicketNowRedpathChautauquaThe 100Program7 BIG nVacation DaysPAEIS CHAUTAUQUA WEEK,JULY 6TH TO 13THBULLETIN!HOW FAR WILL AFRANKLIN GO ON APINT OF GASOLINEBEST MILAGE TO DATE IN PARIS5.9 Miles; or 42.7 Miles to GallonAVERAGE MILEAGE TO DATE INCENTRAL KENTUCKY5.1 Miles; or 40.8 Miles to GallonDRIVER-W. R. HUNTEROBSERVERSSWIFT CHAMP, JNO. T. HEDGES, WM. R. LYLEWould You Like to See it Done?Phone 4359, Lexington1W. M. PHILLIPS & CO(Incorporated)FRANKLIN DISTRIBUTORS314-315 East Main StreetLEXINGTON, KY.Here is the Secret of Comfort During Summer WeatherWEAR COOL CLOTHESAnd We Have ThemFrom Leading ConcernsaChange those woolen clothesfor one of our Mid-SummerSuits cool as an ocean breezeand light as a feather. 'See how much less the heatworries you how much morecomfortable you become.Such fabrics as PalmBeaches, Mohairs. Crashes andTropical Worsteds are tailoredin the season's newest styles.The colorings and patternsare good to look at, and theyare priced as moderately aspossible.$18.00 to $35.00Straw Hatsand Panamasalso BangkoksThat will add much to yourcomfort are shown in wide varieties.lCopyright, 1920, A. B. Kirscbbaum CompanyR. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.ZMA?1 :f-1iJAl'-JL- J&"iVHT4 ".ift-fl,r3, t-r-TUESDAY, JUNE 15, 1917.THE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FITSssYvSC06FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPURE SILK SHIRTINGS.See our window display off$5.00, $4.50 and $4.00 Pure SilkShirtings at $3.00 the yard.FRANK Jc CO.PALM BEACH SUITSTailored in the right way. Moderately priced at $18.00, $20.00 and$22.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.o 'NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Gibson Motor Sales Co., ofParis, sold and delivered recently aSpecial Six Studebaker touring carto Thos. Diennan, of near Paris,and a Special Six touring car toJohn L. Soper, of Cypress street.oHAS AKM BROKEN.While working on a telephonepole adjusting lines for the Cumberland Telephone Company. Lyman(Happy 1 Taj lor. a lineman, missedhis footing and fell to the ground, adistance of fifteen feet, sustaining abroken arm. He was removed tohis home, where the injured memter was given medical attention.ORGAN RECITAL JUNE 24Mr. S. Dwight Smith, of Pittsburg. Pa., will give . an organ recital at the Christian church on theevening of June 24. Mr. Smith isone uf the leading organists of theday, and it will be a great treat tohear him. The recital will be absolutely free, no admission will becharged and no collection will betaken. The music-lovers of the cityand county are cordially invited toattend.TIME E0R ICED TEA.We have the best tea on the market for making iced tea. The bestis the cheapest.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oWOOL WANTED.Highest market price. CallHarvey Hibler, at mule barn,for sacks and twine.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(apr20-2mo)oCOURT UPHOLDS BOURBONCOUNTY BOND ISSUEAt Georgetown, Monday, whilepresiding in the Scott Circuit Court,Judge Robert Lee Stout handeddown a decision overruling a motion for a temporary injunction,and sustained the Bourbon CountyFiscal Court's issue of $100,000bonds for improving the roads ofthe county and for the twentycents road tax.SECOND SUNDAY EXCURSION .The second excursion of the summer season will be run from Paristo Cincinnati by the Louisville &Nashville, next Suo(fc June 20.The popularity of these tocuraionshas been amply attested in Ute pastby the large crowds paliuuMlftThem. The train will lev the Ii.& N. Tenth street passengw dtttllonat 8:00 a. m., arriving ffr Cincinnati at an earlier hour than usual.Summer resorts, the Zoo and otherattractions are in full swing, UMthe visitor a variety of amuseielMito chouse from. Read the diiplayadvei tisement in this issue.oTHE WATER'S ITNE.Bathing suits in all colors andlinds $1.50 to $8.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oFOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty Novelty Goods for Graduation Gifts.SHIRE & FITHIAN.STATE WAR MOTHER TO SPEAKHERE TO-DAY.Mrs. William McDonald Oldham,of Loxington, State War Mother ofKentucky, will" deliver an addressin the County Court room, in thethe court house this afternoon athouse this (Tuesday) afteroon altlnee o'clock Every mother whohas a son or daughter in the service is urged to attend this meeting, and hear Mrs. Oldham.Mis. Oldham is a speaker of unusual ability, and her message willhe one of the greatest importanceto the members of the BourbonCounty War Mothers Association.o-BOUREON CIRCUIT COURTThe June term of Bourbon Cirtuit Court will convene on Monday,June 21, for a three-weeks' session,with Judge Robt. L. Stout presidingand Victor Bradley representing theCommonwealth. The docket comprises 36 equity appearance cases,-a ordinary appearance u,old equity cases, 81 old ordinarycases, and 32 Commonwealth cases.The case of Oscar Johnson, convicted and sentenced to death forkilling Walter Rice, which was recently ordered sent back to thisCourt for a new trial, will probablynot be heard at this term.. Johnson's attorneys are confident of securing hair for their client.oATTENTION, BUILDERS! .If you don't do it now youmay regret it. sCarpenters are scarce and thelumber supply is far below thedemand.Call phone 122.BOURBON LUMBER CO.apr2-tf) v , .SOCIAL ATOD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.., ?Iis? Alleen Clarke is visiting? J11 2 . Da Grimes, inO.UH01IIUUI.U, jmo.Mrs. Lizzie Hughes and littleson, of Livingston, are guests of hersister Mrs. Ed. Quinn, on Fergusonstreet.Mr. and Mrs. John Doty havereturned from a weeks' visit tomends and relatives in Sharpsburgand Bath county.Mrs. Durand Whipple and twosons, of Little Rock, Ark., arguests of her parents. Mr. and Mrs.E. M. Dickson, on Stoner avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Reid havereturned to their home in AkronOhio, after a visit to the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. H Reidnear Paris. 'Miss Irene Gorman has returned to her home in Providence,Rhode Island, after a visit to Mrs.Maggie Kelley and daughter, onHigh street.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Brubacherand daughter have leturned to theirhome in Wichita, Kansas, after avisit to Mrs. Margaret Banta, atLittle Rock.Mrs Jas. M. Hall will entertain to-day at her home on Duncan avenue, at bridge, in honor ofher niece, Mrs. Charles Miles McK inlay, of New Jersey.Mr. C. S. Ball and daughter,Miss Charlina Ball, left yesterdayfor Flint, Michigan. Mr. Ball willdrive home a handsome Buick coupefrom the factoiy for Mrs. W. O.Hinton.Miss Stella Stephens, memberof the Paris High School faculty,has returned to Mt. Sterling tospend the summer vacation withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. B.Stephens.Georgetowon News: "Mrs.Goebel Crayciaft is ill at the hospital in Paris and not expected to"ive. Mis. Craycraft is a daughterof Mr. and Mis. J. W. Coyle, of thibcounty."Miss Elizabeth Pilcher. of Louisville, is a guest of Miss MarthaTalbot t, in this city. At the conclusion of her visit here MissPilcher will go to Richmond to joina house party to be given by MissAlice Kellogg.Mrs. J. Elmer Boardman, ofLittle Rock, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city.Mrs. Boardman, who underwent asuccessful operation for appendicitis Friday at the institution, wasreported yesterday as doing ' verynicely.Miss Mary Gorey, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. E. H. Gorey, of thiscity, has returned from NazarethAcademy, where she graduated onJune 10, with recognition from theCatholic University at Washington,D. C. Miss Gorey was the honorgraduate of her class, having been,awarded the coveted Honor Medal,as well as the Liturgy and Foui-Year-Medals.Miss Gorey was alsothe Salutatorian of her class.Mrs Dillard Floyd Sebastin,newly-wed, was guest of honor atan entertainment given by Mrs.William Sparks, at her home nearParis, recently. Mrs. Sparks was assisted in entertaining by herdaughters, Misses Marietta andEuth Sparks. The home was beautifully decorated with pink andwhite roses, the solor schemes being carried out in the refreshmentsserved. A leather bound book, inwhite roses, the color schemes berecipe for cooking, was presented toMrs. Sebastin, who is to go to housekeeping at Burgin, where Rev. MmSebastin has charge of the Baptistchurch. Among the guests presentwere Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth, Mrs. W.C. Shropshire, Mrs. Henry May.Mrs. H. H. Chinn and Mrs.Anna Belle Wallace, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3)FRANKLIN CAR MAKES GOODEFFICIENCY TEST.Driven by Mr. W. R. Hunter, andcarrying a party of observers composed of Swift Champ. John T.Hedges and William R. Lyle, aFranklin five-passenger touring car,taken from stock of the distributors, W. M. Phillips & Co., of Lexington, made an endurance testSaturday morning, starting fromParis.The car made the starl from infront of the residence of Mr. J.Hal Woodford, on Winchesterpike, through the Spears Mill pikeand return, covering a distance of5.9 miles with the pint of gasolinepower. The run was an exceptionally good one, as most of the territory covered was rough, having asurface freshly covered with rock.The test on the basis of 5.9 miles tothe pint of gasoline, would make anefficiency record of 42.7 miles to thegallon.Y. M. C. A. NOTES.rrnronfv.fniiv Tiovs and twenty-twogirls were present at the Y. M. C.A , Monday afternoon for their firstswimming lesson. Several more areregistered for both classes and willbegin Tuesday. All were given acareful medical examination, anathen given instruction in me uia,stroke. Coach Sheffield is confidentthat nearly all will win the beginners award. The campaign willcontinue all week. Only beginnersare eligible and must register notlater than Wednesday. No one willbe allowed to start with the classafter Wednesday.- o-YESTERDAY FLAG DAYYesterday was "Flag Day,"though no one would have suspected it in Paris. The day was marked,r up. Tnn -observance, both publiclyTjud privately. It was the day uponwhich, wherever the Stars andStripes float in the free air ofHeaven, respect and honor areshown to an emblem, whose significance whose story and whose reccrd jare a possession everlastingly toto be treasured anddefended. 'RELIGIOUS.There will be no services atthe Presbyterian church next Sunday morning. At the night servicesRev. Dr. Benjamin Jay Bush, ofLexington, will preach on the subject, "The March of Temperance."Rev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch, is" conducting a revival inthe Christian church at Kirksville,Madison county.- During his absence the pulpit of the North Middletown church is being filled byRev. J. R. Woodward. 'The Methodist District Conference of the M. E. Church, South,will convene at Falmouth thlo(Tuesday) night. The sessions willbe held daily, lasting throughThursday night. Arrangementshave been made to entertain pastorsof forty-four churches and over onehundred delegates. Among thosewho will take part in the proceedings is Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris,president of the State EpworthLeague.'TWAS DUSTY NIGHT IN JUNEThe dust was so thick and swirling in such heavy clouds; on Highstreet Friday night that the conductor of the twelve o'clock interurban car from Lexington couldn'tfind the switch which shunts thocar to the station track. Groping his way bac he returned with a lighted lantern, bythe aid of which he performed hisnecessary duties. The irate conductor's soliloquy was as follows:"This is the darndest dustiest anddirtiest town in Kentucky. Here 1have lost twenty minutes in a fogof dust trying to find that darnedswitch. Half the time it's mud, theother time it's dust, and the dust ithe woist. We could hardly findour way down Main street to Fourteenth, and after we got on Highstreet, it was the same. I'm goingto petition the Company to have thecar equipped with an immensevaccuum fan or put a sprinklingapparatus on it. Lost in Paris in adust cloud sounds good, don't it?"TEXAS DEMOCRATS HONOR FORMER PARIS WOMANMrs. Robert S. Thompson, .formerly 01 Paris, was signally honored by the Democrats of Texas whenshe was selected recently as theonly wom&n delegate from Texas tothe Democratic National' Convention at San Francisco. Mrs. Thompson is a sister of Mrs. J. CurtisLeary, of Winchester, a formerresident of Paris, and a daughter-in-lawof George C. Thompson, Sr.,of Paris. She is the widow ofRobert Thompson, of Paris, whowas accidently killed several yearsago at Amaiilla, Texas, where hehad been extensively engaged inbusiness Mr. and Mis. Thompsonmoved to Amarilla from their foimer home on Cypress street, in thiscity.Roses For Salecents each.Two-year-old- Bench Roses, fiftycents each.PARIS GREENHOUSES,John Christman, Prop.(15-2t) 26-28 E. Ninettenth St.The Fair !Amazing Reduction Sale For Friday'and Saturday Only.Here is a chance to add to yoursavings account.No Silverware Coupons givenaway during the sale.Not merely a few items on sale,but the entire stock, nothing reserved. On every 50c or $1.00 purchase aspecial discount.Everything included in this sale.Aluminum Ware, House Furnishing Goods, Window Shades, TableOil Cloth, Matting and MattingRugs, Linoleums, Wall Paper,China, Glass and Queen&ware.Special in fine fresh Peanut Candy, 25c per pound.THE FAIR.Good ForPoultryWe have all the remedies andthey are the best on the market.Every single one guaranteed togive satisfaction or your moneyBourbon Poultry Remedy 60cR4-11-44 75cHess Poultry Pancea 30cPratt's Poultry Regulator. . .30cAvicol, for young chicks 25cDon-Sung (makes hens lay),, 50cConkey's Roup Remedy 30cInternational Poultry Food-. 30cTalmorized Sodium FIouride.,35cHess Louse Killer 30cInsect Powder ,? 10cCrude Carbolic Acid, pt 25cR. J. SHEAPEOPLES' PHABMACYPhones 60. , . .Pans, Ky.Further Reductions inPrices in OurGoing Ost of Business SaleJust Read this Slaughter of PricesOne lot of Ribbons (very wide) at 1 9cOne lot of Ribbons at 29cOne small lot of Striped Messaline (worth double) $ 1 iOSOne lot of pure Linen Dress Goods reduced to $ 1 ,7dA very large lot of Crepe de Chene, most all colors,including white, $3.50 values, at $2.23Voiles at astonishing low prices.Draperies at prices to move them quickly.One small lot of Ladies' Vests, at 1 5cA large line of Sheets, $2.25 values, at $ 1 .75One lot of Sheets, $2.75 values, at $1 .98A discount of 20 per cent, on all house dresses.Real Bargains in Our Ready-to-Wear Department. All our $15. 00 Smocks at .. $ 1 0.98One lot of Ladies' Coat Suits at $11 .7525 per cent, off on all Voile Dresses.All Children's Dresses, consisting of white, gingham, Spring and Summerstyles, reduced 25 per cent.One lot of $35.00 Sport Coats at $19,75All Spring Hats reduced 33 1-3 per cent.One lot of beautiful Taffeta and Messaline Dresses, $35 values. $22,50One lot of $50.00 Messaline and Taffeta Dresses at $34,75One lot of beautiful Dresses, S69.50 values, at $42.50One lot of Corsets, mostly samples, at half price.We have the goods. Our time to vacate thebuilding is limited. Don't delay; act at once. Actbefore it's too Late.iMonsrWhy ? IJNot BBuy IBest? v ' ' '"i Ig Automatic fs2 hiI Refrigerators Ii v m El;i , Are- I-s Hi ITHE J. T. HINTON CO. II EITHERPHONE 36 ' PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIN .I Motor Hearse Motor invalid Coach Undertaking ''COA-Y- vi -.r rAGKSXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTRIDAY, JUNE 11, 12G.vMake dollargo fartherBringsmusicmore quicklyInvestigate ourBudgetPlanm W TBI OS.IB HaMffLL. II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1We like to explainour Budget Plan.It proves so helpfulto folks who are ambitious to own aNew Edison.The Budget PlanputscIfieNEW EDISON"Tki FkfirHk with a Sul"into your home at once.Then it applies the established principle of big business, systematic spending.It takes the purchase priceout of your income ogradually that you don'thave to "squeeze" at alLCome in and learn allabout it.Oberdorferx? The DruggistCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention tcPatrons. xDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136riTE UNIVERSAL CARThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilityin construction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low 'cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all havemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We will be pleased to haveyour order. Don't delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We havealmost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.Ksasi48,000Drugstores Sell It.Five million peopleuse it to KILL COLDSBILL'SCASCARAbjQUININEBROH&Standard cold remedy for 2ft yearsia tablet form safe, sure, noopiates breaks up a cold in 24hours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box has a Redtop with Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drug StmfCANDIDATES HIE PAPERS FOBKEN0MINATI0NCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill, Democratic candidate for reelection from the Seventh District,filed notification and declarationpapers with Secretary of State FredA. Vaughn, at Frankfort. AbelHarding, of Campbellsville, candidate for the Republican nomination for Commonwealth Attorney inthe Eleventh Judicial District alsofiled his papers.oMOTHER!'"Calif orniaT Syrup" of FigsChild's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofFigs only look for the name California on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most harmless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. FullI directions on each hnttlp Ynnmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)Nothing seems to please a younggirl more than to have some mankeep insisting that he is unworthyOf her.QDSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedPERFECT-FITTINGSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesIarMtble Bifocal LmSoBtawcat Career 4th aad Chestnut St.LOUISVILLE, KY.rj t iSSSK? )k.utj iUnvsiiiWv.1 s xh sm.5 waw"a l'mtSAYS THE GRACING ' COMMISSION fSHOULD CONVERT FUNDSThe State Racing Commissionshould turn over to the State themoney collected by the commissionand there is now due the State $13,822.02, is the report of State Inspector and Examiner James, madeto Governor Morrow.In the general fund there is $4,546.93 and in Liberty Bonds $5,000and in a stallion fund $1,108.04.bince E. G. Stoll became secretarythe books show that he has on handa balance to the credit of the general fund amounting to $3,167.05,making the net balance due theState $13,822.02.Since the creation of the commission its membership has been madeup of some of Kentucky's distinguished citizens and horsemen andso far as the records show, or information obtained, the conduct of theCommissioners and secretaries hasbeen good.STAMPED ENVELOPES HIGHERPrices of stamped envelopes havebeen raised by the postofflce department in sums ranging from one dollar to $1.40 a thousand, as a resultof the high cost of paper. Whenplain envelopes were increased inprice some time ago, the Government did not hake a raise in itsprices. As a result, firms and indi-viuiiixis nave uccu iujing oluiiivci.envelopes from the postoffice, saidPostmaster J. Walter Payne. Thesales throughout the country ranup into the millions and almost exhausted the supply. The Government, recognizing the scarcity ofpaper and the high cost of the article, is getting on the side of economy. Old two-cent postal" cards andthree-cent stamped envelopes, nolonger in use, will be stamped overwith special dies which will convex t them into one-cent postalcards and two-cent stamped envelopes, which will then be sold.i oELECT POUR CURATORSThe Board of Curators of Transylvania College elected four newmembers at a session Mondaymorning, which was followed bylunch at the Phoenix Hotel, Lexington. The new members are BenAllen Thomas, of Shelbyville, whorecently gave $10,000 to the collegefor a new athletic field; HanlejBohon, of Lexington; David Prewitt, of Pine Grove, and MiltonElliott, of Frankfort.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian Church, and Wm.O. Hinton, business man and prominent church worker, are Bourboncounty representatives on the Boardof Curators.PARIS EVIDEFOR PARIS PEOPLEThe Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter StrangersHome testimony is real proofPublic statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Heie's a Paris man's statement.And It's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have beengreatly benefitted by them. Attimes my back was weak and lameand the kidney secretions passed toofreely, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint. I think they are a splendidkidney medicine and gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't,simply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs.', Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)MRS. ELLIS'FOR .THIS WEEKOGolden State Peaches40c can 35c45c can 40c50c can 45c I60c can 55c kGood Brooms 50cHeinz Pork and Beans !)'!IIlarge size 20c mismall size 15cLook for the Red FrontGrocery, opposite the Courtnouse. ::Three deliveries each day. IllBoth phones. jgMrs. Ellis' CashGroceryOpposite Court HouseParis, Ky.K1 SPECIALS iII" "i!51?$h?!PhoneASPIRINName "Bayer" on Genuine"Bayer Tablets or Aspirin- is genuine Aspirin proved safe by millions ai:d prescribed by physiciansfor over twenty years. Accept onlyan unbroken "Bayer package"which contains proper directions torelieve Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Coldsand Pain. Handy tin boxes of 12tablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer packages."Aspirin is trade mark Bayer Manufacture Monoaceticacidester of Sallcylicacid. (adv-tf-T)I'M THE GUY WHO TALKS ABOUTYOU.I'm the guy who talks about youbehind your back.To your face I pretend I'm thebest friend you have. That's so youwill tell me things that I can twistaround and repeat to others. Themore foolish things you do the better I'm pleased, for it gives me allthe more to talk about.I never say anything good aboutyou. for that isn't my game. I'mout to hurt your reputations. Andif I pretend to praise you I alwaysadd a few "buts" slamming yougood and hard.I like to start scraps betweenfriends. I tell one what the othersaid about him, and then run to theother and work the same gag there.It's easy and it's good fun.I can always make slurs and sarcasm very effective. And if I canfool you and keep you from knowing that I'm knifing you behindyour back, so much the better.Friendship means nothing to me.It would only interfere with mygame.oBOOZE IS NOT A GOOD CURE(From the Ames Iowa Intelligencer.) When a man comes to you alldoubled up with pain and declareshe will die in your presence unlessyou procure him a drink of whiskey, send him to a doctor or elsegive him a dose of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. Theieis a mistaken notion among awhole lot of people that booze isthe best remedy for colic and stomach ache.(june-adv)oPHYSICIANS SAY APPENDICITISGOING OUT OF STYIEOnferations for the removal of thevermiform appendix are going outof style, according to views expressed at the annual convention of theOregon State Medical Association.Much that was called appendicitisin lecent years; was not that at all,,but plain stomach ache in varyingdegrees of intensity, according tcthese physicians."" 'Mv a jAyf? - 3 jft hQp4v Awkw kwr Swtr SfwfkmkF Tr KSkm'Drive This SedanFor EconomyHigh Gasoline Mileage; Low Upkeep Cost;Grearcr Comfort with Triplex SpringsTHE OVERLAND SEDAN has allthe closedcar advantages but it has more amazingeconomy ! In the recent 355 mile Los AngelesYoscmite Economy Run, an Overland Sedantook first place in Class Two with a gasolineaverage of 27.6 miles per gallon! Such performance emphasizes again Overland's stamina and low-cost of operation. This economical closed car keeps you cool on sultry days;shuts out the rain and dust and gives yougreater riding comfort.Touring, $985; Roadster, $985; Coupe, $1525; Sedan, $157SPrices f. o. b. Toledo, subject to chmage without noticePARI?. OVERLAND CO.584A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40KENTUCKY'S FAMOUS HEALTH RESORT!DRY RIDGE, KENTUCKYKentucky Carlsbad Water has forged to the front as one of tltoWorld's Greatest Mineral Waters for Rheumatism. Kidney, Stomach andBladder Troubles, Neuritis and Diabetes.People who are afflicted with the above diseases come from nearlyall parts of the United States to drr-k Kentucky Carlsbad Water andtake the mineral baths, the results having been so great that manyleading physicians are recommending Kentucky Carlsbad Water.Kentucky Carlsbad Water is shipped to all parts of the UnitedStates.Free Bus Meets All Trains.Kentucky Carlsbad Springs HotelDRY(8-4t)Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West FifhrStreet1M,vt Mkmm u&FtV&fk. - Ji v . irKmm i rrs'jri.: UaSBXSSrZ I R&-3SKmtfc'L"'asft&'i'A::-nMrubj v kv-j,I IfSmmmmmnmmmfl r f-ii?'v'm'L ,mThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky" m m :1 aThe News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done RightTenth StreetftII Mill I I ll'llmay both derive saiisfactiopby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great'ving,.must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 169-RIDGE, KY.SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!:With all the latest improve-TTflPnta in lmTnrJTf7QrrliQTinocand expert helpers we are&:vl prepared to do work mfe-Vw riu- w nuue, auu suucibyour patronage., a :IXafZXIjJrt 'Ni ?jirf(y'J V-w.jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE 11, 1920PAGmor -i."'X 'C7T5f J!l 1 lir$Fil8 yr-:?& S i WiTf rss? a tss t. y j?s ,w&. N.sbV' Jwt3 iflinfcWiiers the body begins to stiffenme ncvemcnt becomes painful it15 w?-3i!iy an indication that thefc.vys are out cf crder. Kezp-i org&i healthy bv taking-as s a grayCOUNTRY IN GOOD SHAPEVMffl"-j v irlJo iUindard remedy for kidney,liv:r DlaJijr and ir:e acid troubles.Ftr-cs slr.c.2 1GC6. Take regularly andj:fkep -"' 30d health. In three ses, allJ -, -r--. Guaranteed as reoroseated.T let iLo ntrao Cold MchI oa crory boxDevices on Old Playing Cards.In the seventeenth century Englishcards were embellished with heraldicdesigns. The king of clubs bore thecoat of arms of the pope of Rome.Spades, diamonds and hearts wereadorned respectively with the armorialdevices of the kings of France, Spainand England. Cleveland Plain Dealer.The past week in the financialcircles of the country -has determined moie forcibly than ever before the resiliency of the FederalReserve System and its powerful influence in giving stability and security to the mobile wealth of thecountry. Under a crisis much lesspronounced, the old system in 1907broke down, and distress afflictedthe Nation, enveloping many Stranginstitutions in black disaster. It hadbeen so time and again in. the decades preceding, with nothing like aremedy ever offered by the party inpower, until the people gave fullconfidence to the Democratic party,when with control of both the Legislative and Executive branches ofthe Government, it was able to provide the efficacious remedy found inthe Federal Reserve System, whichnow gives confidence and strengthto all the people.IC PAINS.When you have stiffness andsoreness of the muscles, achingjoints and find it difficult to movewithout pain try massaging the affected parts with Chamberlain'sLiniment. It will relieve the pair,and make rest and sleep possible.(june-adv)oIt used to be that two could liveas expesively as two.ilkIBkVI MrHHhtl MIj 'JiAJiiiiul ' iWELL AND HAPPYWOMANHE AYLouisville Woman Restored ToHealth After Ten YearsSufferingAn ExtensionTelephoneThe Essence ofConvenienceHousekeeping Is more complex than everbefore, and the housewife is surely entitled toevery convenience that will lighten the burSen. Nothing brings more comfort than anextension telephone on the other floor. Iteliminates tiresome stair climbing and addsto the pleasure of every member of thefamily.The cost is only a few cents a week.Call the Manager's office today.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedMrs. W. P. Carroll, of 428 SouthSeventeenth street, Louisville, isstill another highly esteemed Kentucky woman whose deep sense ofgratitude and a desire to benefitothers will not permit her to remain silent regarding the wonderfulresults she has obtained from theuse of Tanlac."If it had not been for others allowing the news of their recoveryto be published," said Mrs. Carroll,"I would not have known aboutTanlac and would still be a sickwoman, so I feel like I ought tomake a statement myself and try tohelp someone else."For at least ten years and up tothe tin.e I took Tanlac I had suffered with indigestion, fermentationsof my food and gas on my stomach.At times my heart would palpitatefrightfully and during these spells Isimply had to fight for breath. Finally I became so weak that it was allI could do to get around and thoughtI would surely be compelled to taketo my bed."But indigestion is not all Tanlachas relieved me of. I had beensuffering with, rheumatism in myarms for a year and I couldn't raisemy hands above my head or use myarms in any way without just suffering agony. But -now I can sweepthe floors and do my work withoutfeeling a single rheumatic pain. Iam now a well and happy womanand go about my work rejoicing because of what Tanlac has done forme. I have not had a sign of indigestion, gas on my stomach, a spellof palpatation or any of my oldtroubles since taking Tanlac. Tanlac has not only restored my health,but my husband also has taken itand we are both like new people.It's the first time in ten years thatI have enjoyed good health and ailthe thanks, gratitude and praisebelongs to Tanlac."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the Peoples Pharmacy. (adv)UNUSUAL BAPTISM OF WESTHICKMAN MAN.An unusual baptism was witnessed in Hickman, Ky., when PaulElbridge, of West Hickman, wasbaptized in a coffin box lined withJ oil cloth. Mr. Eldridge has tuberculosis and was in too serious condition to be moved from his home,but he was desirous of receiving theordinance of baptism, which wasperformed by the Rev. E. Miley, ofthe Christian church. In the emergency the coffin box was preparedand the sick man was baptized inthis manner.oBEST REMEDY FOR STOMACHTROUBLE."I am pleased to have the opportunity to say a good word for! Chamberlain's Tablets," writesMrs. Mamie Bertel, of Moberly,Mo. "I think they are the bestremedy for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation J haveever used. I have taken them oft'and on for two or three years andthey always relieve indigestion,tone up the liver and make me feelfine."(june-adv)oMaybe Armenia might be induced to accept a mandate over theUnited States.WEST BADEN SPRINGS HOTELSWIFT & CO.'S- WEfcKLY MARKET REVIEW.The volume of cream deliveredto the creameries this week hasshown a seasonable increase andprices are generally unchanged.The quotations on live fowl in thelarger markets are lower, which hasresulted in slight declines in country values.Stocks of storage poultry arelight, and as there is a good demand for dressed poultry, it is expected that there will be but littlechange from present prices duringthe next few weeks.As stocks of frozen broilers arelighter than a year ago, there willbe a brisk demand for the new cropduring the next few weeks.Receipts of eggs are about normalfor this time of the year; quality isnot as satisfactory as earlier in thereason and prices in the large consuming centers are generallylower.To secure best results, eggs shouldbe gathered daily, kept in a coolplace and marketed frequently.Quality will be improved if infertile eggs are produced.SAY "DIAMOND DYES"Don't streak or ruin your material ina poor dye. Insist on "Diamond Dyes."Easy directions in every package.......-".GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH; WHITEN! Make Lemon Lotion to Double ?I Beauty of Your Skini ?t....i........t.. ...-... ...i.....MMiSqueeze the juice of two lemonsof Orchard White which can behad at any drug- store, shake welland you have a quarter pint ofharmless and delightful lemonbleach for few cents.Massacre this sweetlv fraerantinto a bottle containing three ounceslotion into the face, neck, arms andhands eash day, then shortly notethe beauty of your skin.Famous stage beauties use lemonjuice to bleach and bring that soft,clear, rosy-white complexion.Lemons have always been used as afreckle, sunburn and tan remover.Make this up and try it.(adv-tf-T)TRIES TRANSPLANTING EXPE. RIMENT.Whether a crop of "spuds" canbe crown from transplanted seed isan exneriment that is being triedout by Courtland Leer, of Paris.Two bushels of seed potatoeswere planted in the rear of a Mainstreet business house. The tenantwas notified to move out so that thebuilding could be razed to makeway for a new structure. His potatoes had obtained a growth ofabout three inches, when he toldMr. Leer he was about to lose his"spuds" crop. The latter sent histeam to Paris, and with a force ofmen lifted the potatoes from theirmoorings with as much soil as possible, attached to the growingtubers and transplanted them toLeer farm, near Paris. The resultwill be watched with interest.oBE CAREFUL.See us before selling yourfurs, hides, junk, poultry andeggs.STERN BROS.,Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)oGovernor Smith has signed another beer bill. The perseveranceof the New York Governor in thisrespect is truly heroic.. - -BWGHTER-slEVENINGS8THE MOST BEAUTIFUL RESORT IN AMERICAThe Charm of the Great Atriumis unchanging. In this wonderful, immense indoor garden t here is rest, relaxation, -never-endingdelight.Golf, Horseback Riding, Motoringin the foothills of the Cumberlands. A wealth of scenic beauty and abundant pleasures of thebig outdoors.The Sherwoods --.orchestraand versatile entertainers, in daily musical features ana novelty dance programs everynight.Mineral Springs and Bathsfamous for more than a century for curative properties and for the renewal of vitality andstrength.Health, Rest, Recreation, PleasureSend for Illustrated FoldersTHE '--WEST BADEN SPRINGS CO.fega fa jB&gJFt the jjH AMERICAN 1SPRUDELJWEST BADEN, INDIANAaIDsg.rNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseSlectricitiTor Cigbtingft's the only satisfactory way.else Setsformating and gooKittyIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.OOOQQDoes He Live in Our Town?He will await his turn at the ticket winrfnwor in other public places cheerfullv: he willstand patiently while the clerk in the storewaits on the customers ahead of him. Butwhen the telephone operator takes a fewseconds longer than usual to answer his callhe swells all up and says the service is"rotten."He can see that the clerk and the ticketseller are busy, but he cannot see the telephone operator so he thinks she must belazy, or "asleep!"He forgets that others" are frequentlyahead of him. at the telephone switchboard,the same as at the ticket window or in thestore; that calls are coming in in rapid succession and must be answered in their turn;that when half a dozen subscribers all callat the same time, they can't all be answeredfirst!"At Your Service"Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J.VVeatch, Dist. Mgr. W. H. Cannon, Local Mgr.ioxco"?ucfaA SORE TIPPut Your Money on One of OurSuits anoj YOU CANT LOSE?You'll win Style, Service,Comfort and Satisfaction oneverything you buy here.Browns, Blues, Greys andall sorts of Fancy Mixturesin smart, trim styles for theyoung fellows, as well as special styles for men of conservative taste.Special Valuesat$25.00Suits, Neckwear,Socks, Underwear ifilech Summer Clothe"SAVE THE DIFFERENCE"TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING AND SHOE DEP'T.L. WOLLSTEIN, ProprietorMlMglJEIilNlJlllHIJimiUlgglHgSIinnsaiinuaniiinmniuiTo All Lovers of MusicWe have just received our first shipment offfjSolden TJhroatedClaxtonolasand wish to announce that we are readyto demonstrate thisN Quality Phonographto all interested.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSEBRING VS YOUR JUNKWE ARE NOW PAYINGBALED PAPER, per 100 lbs 80cSCRAP IRON, por 100 lbs 80cOLD RAGS, per 100 lbs $3.00BOOKS and OLD MAGAZINES, per 100 lbs $1.50HIGHEST PRICES FOR BEEF AND HORSE HIDESLEON RENAKER & CO.(may 18-1 m) Opposite Windsor Hotelf '-'1CIncontsd)t ..a.rr't -i'r -,'"Oy..- -p vc ," -' c ."''" '"2 ?-4 " ' V ,'HJ yPAGE EIGHTTHE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JNB ir, ltlT. TMILLERSBURGMr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke, of"Louisville, are guests of relativeskere.Miss Margaret B. Clarke, ofXiouisvillp, is the guest of Mrs.Bessie Caldwell.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Huffman,'Covington, are guests of theiranother, Mrs. Mary L. Huffman.Mrs. K. R. Hutchings, of Lexington, arrived Friday as the guestOf her sister, Miss Mary H. Taylor.Mrs. Mary L. Huffman leftFriday for a visit to her sister,jVIrs. Day, at Paris, and will return4x-dayMrs. Sidney Venable and littledaughter, of Campbellsville, areguests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. A. Butler.FOR SALE. One Wheeler &"Wilson Sewing Machine. Can hepurchased right, as I am going todispose of it. Call on or addressMRS. HELEN LEONARD, MillersIfcurg, Ky.Miss Esther Tarr entertained a-niirviT-wov rf Vmr vniin?r f Hariris TTrirlnv'evening at the home of her parents, J to be taken."Mr. and Mrs.'R. L. Tarr. A good secondedtime was enjoyed by all present. A-delightful lunch was served.A meeting of the promoters ofthe Millersburg Chautauqua was"held Saturday night. Officers wereelected, also chairmen of the fourstanding committees which, withthe officers constitute the Execulive Committee. The chairman ofeach of Ui3 four committees willappoint committees to co-operatewith them. There will be a meeting of the Executive Committee ina few days. We have a splendid"program for this year, the best weliave ever put on, and this is saying much, because all of our program have been good. Buy yourseason tickets early. The TicketCommittee will wait on you in afew days. If possible, take thenumber of tickets you desire, whenthey call on you, as we are going-to make an effort to sell all the"tickets before the Chautauquav)pens. This is the only way wecan hope for success. In the pastwe have always come out a littlebehind. Let us all make an effortto go over the top this year. In sodoing we will be able to perpetuatethe Chautauqua for years to come.We are now looking forward to thatweek of pleasure and profit Remember the dates, beginning July5th, closing July 10 th.When the news was receivedhere late Saturday afternoon, thatthe Bourbon County School Boardhad turned down the propositionmade them by a committee representing the citizens of Millersburglo release M. M. I. and accept a lotoffered them for the erection of theHigh School building or $7,000 inaddition to what the Board was .topay for M. M. I. to be raised inerecting a high school building onany site the Board might agree, ourpeople were overwhelmed with disappointment. They assembled in amass meeting at the Farmers Bank,about 8:00 p. m. Saturday. Thespacious lobby of the bank wascrowded with representative citizens who wanted to know the truth,which -nas given out to us in themeeting by Mr. W. D. Mclntyre,chairman of the committee. Thecrowd was asked to be as thoughtful as possible. There were nodenunciations. Several short talkswere made relative to iuiure stepsA motion was made,and carried empoweringthe same committee to ascertain thebest thing to be done and report ata mass-meeting to be held in thenext few days. Whn the M. M. I.was purchased by the County Boardfrom Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best itwas not generally known by thepeople of this community that theinstitution was for sale and when itwas learned that the Board had anoption on it, it was treated by somewith indifference, while others didnot believe that they would Fell orthe Board would buy when the timecame. When it was learned thatthe M. M. I. had been sold, the public Avas stunned, and for t mite theyfelt there was .nothing to do but letit pass from us. As the annualcommencement drew near we beganto realize most forcibly what theloss of 90 or 100 boys who werecitizens of the town meant luThe citizens of Millersburghave for a long time desired a oeiter Graded School than we snovhave. There has been some littledifference as to the manner of conducting ttie High School, as o thenotus.U o ylPatiePhonographsand RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS IM.E.PRUITT,Millersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.BIGTO'AUCTIONDAYTuesdavunet Miss Nellie Highland's large store room next door to Windsor Hotelon Main Street of the entire stock of furniture and household goods ofTHE-XMsistisg of about:,000 Worth Ofm i nx bAon o i unc$3One Antique High Post Bed Inicely finished;Pianos ;Organs ;Dining Room Sets ;Parlor Sets;Bedroom Sets ;Kitchen Furniture;Refrigerators ;Sideboards ;Bookcases ;Rockers ;Chairs ;Davenettes;Davenports;Morris ChairsLadies' Deks;Kitchen Utensils;Carpets ;Rugs;Coal Stoves;Gas Stoves;Gas Ranges ;Fireless Cookers;5 Foot Counter;Gas Arch Lights ;Bath Room Fixtures;Sectional Bookcases;Tables ;Mattreses.THE ALAMO AND PARIS GRAND Admission: 22:;TODAY, TUESDAYSHIRLEY MASONHer Elephant Man"sweetest circus storyainThe best andever screened.Also WILLIAM DUNCANin "The Silent Avenger"The Eillion Dollar Supsr-Serial of Lifeand Action, Danger and Daring.and Prizma Color PictureTomorrow, WednesdayTOM MIX 'The Speed Maniac'Of all the swift-moving, heart-stirring,nair-raising, fascinating things youever saw, Tom Mix, in "The Speed Maniac" heads the list. It's a William Foxproduction of power, beauty and thrills."THE LOST CITY"And "Topics of the Day"Thursday, June 10thCONSTANCE TALMADOEin "WHO CARES?"Don't marry too young a girl. MartinGrey did and he got into a peck of trouble. See onstance Talmadge in "WhoCares?""Vod-a-Vil Movies" and Comedy- iiGregg's Orchestra Playing Afternoon and .Evening!---- - jsize of our district and as to whether 01 not trucks should be used forthe purpose of conveying- countrychildren to school. This was allsettled last summer, before the 25cent tax was voted, and when thisvote was taken there were but twovotes against it. .The School Boardpurchased property for the purposeof erecting suitable building and allwas harmonious. And the people asa whole believed all misunderstandings were at an end. Whenthe mass meeting was called at M.M. I. on the afternoon of June 4, itwas for the purpose of demonstrating that Millersburg could supportthree good schools. We realizedthere was no reason why wp shoulohave to part with the M. M. I. orM. C, and at the same time a HighSchool building could be erected,ana the ei tire citizenship of Millersburg would give its support and cooperation. The $53,000 offered bythe citizens of Millersburg was tobe raised by private subscription.Our people as a whole did not believe the County Board would turndown the proposition and in ourzeal and interest for the new HighSchool we lecommendcd to theCounty Board, Prof. Ireland asPrincipal of the school, who nowoccupies the same position atFrankfort. We wanted to see theHigh School a pronounced success,and if in the event the CountyBoard could not pay all the salarydemanded by Prof. Ireland the difference would be paid by the citi?ens of this community. Mattershave been delayed with Prof. Ireland until he is now ready to reconsider and retract his proposition,and if he were not ready with theloss of M. M. I. He would not receive the hearty support and co-operationtendered him by our citizens an June 4, after the action ofthe Boaid on June 12th.oParis, and is engaged in business inDetroit. His bride is one of thecharming young women of Lexington, a member of several collegefraternities and a social favorite.Among the wedding guests wereseveral Paris and Bourbon countypeople. After the ceremony,Mr. and Mrs. Hedges left for a wedding trip, keeping their destinationa secret. On their return they willgo to housekeping in Detroit.WESTERFIELD WAGONERWilliam Westerfield, son of L.I'I. Westerfield, of Paris, and MissOlga Wagoner, daughter of Mr. andMrs. T. T. Wagoner, of Paris, weremarried at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. M. McDowell, inDanville, last week. After the ceremony the young people returned toPans, where they were guests seveial days ot the bride's parents, onEightli street. Mr. and Mrs.Westerfield will reside in Stanford,where the former is engaged in theconfectionary business." MATRIMONIAL.Auction starts promptly at 9 : 30 a. m. and will continue until allti$ are sold Bring your Dinner, Lunch and spend the Day BigBargaias for everybody Seats far the ladies."LOOK FOR RED FLAG"v rStore opea now with Goods displayed for inspection.Responsible parties may purchase goods at this sale by payinge-half cah and balance in four weekly payments, but must make-sock arrangements with Mr. Weckesser before making their bids.AUCTIONEERS:Geo. Speakes,i M. F. Kenney,J. AUender. of LexingtonL. D. HARRIS, Manager.SAME FULLER, Clerk.TALBOTT CHAPMANThe marriage of Miss MaryAdams Talbott, daughter of Mi.Robert C. Talbott, of Paris, to Mr.Virgil Munday Chapman, of Irvine,was solemnized at even o'clock Saturday evening, at the Miome of thebride's aunt. Miss Elizabeth Grimes,on Duncan avenue.The handsome home wes beautifully decorated with roses andpalms. In the drawing room,where the ceremony was performed,an altar was banked with palms,pink roses and lilies, with tall cathedral candles, before which thebridal party stood. The mantels ipthe drawing room and in the diningroom were banked with Killarneyroses. and the chandeliers were1 ung with smilax. Mrs. RobertJones, of North Middletown, rendered several beautiful selectionsbefore the entrance of the bridalpaity, who came in the followingorder: Robert and Virgil Gaitskill,Jr., nephews of the bride, carrieda basket of roses, which she scattered in front of the bride; MissAnne Talbott, sister of the bride,maid of honor, and Miss MollieChapman, sister of the groom, attendants; the bride, on the arm ofher future husband. The partyhalted in front of the altar, wherethe ceremony was performed byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, the Episcopalling ceremony being used.After the wedding ceremony theguests were served with a deliciousbuffet wedding supper. The bridalparty, the family, and a few intimate friends of the bride andgroom, were seated at the bride'stable, which was covered with alace cloth and had a huge centerpiece of bride's roses and ferns. Thetable was lighted with four crystalcandelabra. A number of out-of-townguests were present. After abridal trip Mr. and Mrs. Chapmanwill return to Irvine, where theywill be "at home" to their manyfriends.The bride is one of the most popular and atti active young women inthe Bluegrass region. She was &.student at the University of Kentucky and was a popular member ofthe Chi Omega fraternity of theUniversity. The groom is a son ofMr. and Mrs. J. V. Chapman, ofLexington, and was president of theSenior Class of the University ofKentucky in the class of 1918, andgraduated with the highest honors.He is now engaged in the practiceof law at Irvine in the firm withMr. Clarence Miller, formerly ofLexington.GLASS TLLEN.Senator and Mrs. Carter Glass,of Washington, have announced theengagement of their daughter,Augusta Christian to Mr. Robt. CcClanahan Allen of Roanoke Va. Thenitely arranged, but will take placein the early fall at the summerhome of the Glass' in Virginia.Miss Glass will be pleasantly remembered as the very attractiveguest of Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChampe. 'oBIRTHS.At Little Rock, this county, tothe wife of Harry Myers, formerlyMiss Edith Ben,thal, a son. Father,mother and son all doing well.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife ofCalvert Meng, of the North Middletown vicinity, a daughter; theirfourth child, third daughter.HEALTH BOARD NOTICE.Hot weather is now here. Keepmanure heaps removed each eightdays. Do not neglect the enclosedvaults, privies and cesspools. CallRankin & Co., Cumberland phone1067, who will promptly answer allcalls. Don't wait until summer shallhave passed before cutting yourweeds. This refers to city as wellas property owners.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.Paris, Ky., June 11, 1920.(ll-4t)The tons of Bolshevist literature discovered cause wonder as towhen the Reds And time for sending bonds.Tire Punctures'Are expensive and annoying on apleasure trip and moreso on a business trip, thousands of tires are Tuning every day on their last layer offabric with Coffield Tire Protectorsinstalled, without a fear of tire trou-wedding plans have not been defi-ble. These protectors pay for themselves in the first set of tires. Thentake them out and use them over andover again.Letter No. 4. From H. A. Jansen, Sec'y. Tri-City ManufacturesAssociation, Moline 111:"I have been a constant user ofCoffield Tire Protectors for over ayear. Making one continuous trip oftwenty days from Mobile to Northern Wisconsin during which time wehad intense beat. No difficulty wasexperienced throughout the trip, nopunctures or blow-outs. Have hadno punctures since using them inover a year. Frequently in chancinga worn out tire I have found nails,tacks and broken glass in the outercasing.Coffield Tire Protectors will endyour tire troubles."H. J. GROSCHE,Cumb. 'Phone 894.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTA Paris man worked up to a highpitch by the hot weather and otherthings, grasped his pencil and dashed off the following:"Won't let us drinkDon't want us to smokeFree country, you think?Or is it a joke?"BRIGHTEKT-fevjfr w x IJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her questsBy Coal Oil light." And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InconMtedfBeautiful Summer FootwearTLY UINDERPRICJONES HEDGES.The marriage of Mr. James H.'Hedges, Jr., of Detroit, ,Mich., and,Miss Carrie Lee Jones, of Lexington, was solemnized last week atHie home of the bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs. Roger J6nes, in Lexington, Rev. Dri J. W. Porter performing the ceremony. Just beforethe ceremony Miss Sue Boardman,of Paris, sang delightfully, "CallMe Thine Own," and "At TheDawning."The trroom is a son of Mr. and- - - W MMrs. James M. Hedges, formerly ofK2KaS!20EKJR EZanathishere this weekhe advantage of the greater Shoe Valuesonomy store offers you.We have all the newest smartstyles in great assortment and varietyof selection that will satisfy the mostparticular dressers."S -6Extraordinary values in Ladies' Pumps andOxfords, in tan, English style, patent' andglazed kid turn soles. Values to $8.50.SPECIALPRICE$6.45Ladies, select your new Pumps and Oxfordsat this store and save from $2.00 to $3.00 onevery pair. A great, selection of Pumps andOxfords, actual $8.50 valuesSPECIALPRICES5.99Special Offeringof Ladies' Glazed Kid Pumps and Oxfords,high and low English lace styles, $6.00values at$399Ladies' $7.00 grades Oxfords and Pumps,high and low heels, Englishstyle. Sale price2p4a77Misses and Children's $2.00White Canvas Slippers at$1.49Boys' and Girls' Summer Footwear of everydescription. A great assortment to selectfrom. The greatest values in town. Misses'and Chilpren's Pumps and Lace Oxfords.SPECIALPRICES2.99A wonderful value in Men's Shoes and Oxfords in tan and gun metal, English or broadtoe lasts. $8.00 values.SPECIALPRICES5.99Men's Dress Gun Metal Lace Oxfords, medium and English toes.SPECIALPRICE$3.49IDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReijjnAJkW3&-tfi.t. 4wSi ",-.,.-.-.5-arJjf j- iv-:4-- & '&.j.i'SjKs.iX?"jjav '?f:fj$&'V!fe." , .'lVKv-4 " N1 -"l.?.Jtektrlvu - -1t -.y .-A t ) A i,-T '' ,. ' ",V,r