f' BOURBON--3THENEWSM'r ?j'',,' '?n J1!aVTAtttTRTJSHF.nEVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.s& - :-1sSSlXkVVOLUME XLI&-"iPARlS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1921rsr-OTHaB. as i w.ie .i. .a .--CALLING IN LINE EOR THE MARKETING PLANWoodford county joined Carroll,Bourbon and Montgomery, Friday, inthe list of Central Kentucky counties that have gone over the top inthe campaign for signatures to the"Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation contract, but Chair"nian Robert S. Walker said the campaign "would go on in Woodford untilthe entire crop is signed up to thepresent pool.More than a hundred acres weresigned up in Scott county by menwho resided in Georgetown, but havefarms-out in the county, following ameeting in Georgetown, at whichChairman Reuben P. Offutt presided.The visit of Congressman Cantrill o'.Stamping Ground resulted in a number of signatures and his address atSadieville also was productive of favorable results, though no figureswere available.A .L. Ferguson, former vice-presidentof the Old Burley Tobacco Society, warned the growers of Scottnot to be misled by propaganda circulated against the co-operative marketing plan. He declared that agentsof "Big Fouramong the buyers, th2four leading manufacturing corpor--ations, had been active in spreadingcertain reports and he related someof these to the crowd. He said it-was false information that was be -Ing circulated and he urged that itbe considered and the actual factslearned before the grower made uphis mind as to the course he shouldfinally follow in the matter of sign -ing or staying out of the association.o-DEATHS.MANNFreddie G. Mann, infant son ofMr. and Mrs. B. G. Mann, died aftera short illness, at the home of hisparents, in East Paris, Thursday.'The funeral was held Friday after-noon at three o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. Arthur Fax, pastorrf tio Boric "RoTkicf nTiliriTiof the Paris Baptist church.STANFIELDFollowing a brief illness Ever-ette Tillman Stanfield, one-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Roxie Stan-field, of Fleming county, died at thehome of Charles Irvine, in this city.Cemetery, in Nicholas county, wherefto f,,! surf intPrmPnt tonicplace, with services conducted at thegrave."We Know How"The College BoyFTER all,Ais the keenest critic ofclothes. He knows what'swhat in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inGreatest Favor v withthe College Men AllOver AmericaNot only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. Weare ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college.Stetson Hats for FallIn All the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andOdd PantsMITCHELL &Outfitters to MenSTETSON HATSBOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held anall-day shoot on the Club groundsin East Paris; The event followedthe all-day shoot held on the HilltopGun Club grounds, near Austerlit1?,Six handsome trophies were givenaway, and the Kentucky ChallengeClub was shot for. The followingwere winners of the trophies: Woolfolk Henderson, the Lafayette HotelTrophy, a silver pitcher; Alfred Clay,the long run trophy, a silver lovingcup; Tom Hinkfe, Consolation Trophy, two silver drinking cups; RoxieDavis, the B. O. A. Trophy, a hammered silver loving cup; J. A. Groves,("Black Diamond Jim"), the Professional High" Gun Trophy, a finoBourbon county cooked ham. Jimsaid it sure did look good to him.Wfhile the shooters and others wereenjoying the bountiful luncheon aheavy rain and wind storm came up,lasting about an hour. Then the suncame out, and the shooters were ableto finish the program. The scoreswere as follows:Shot at BrokeJ. A. Groves 200A. B. Harris 200H. H. Hall 200B. J. Robertson 200W. Henderson 200J. C. Kenney 200C. O. LeCompte 200'Alfred Clay 200Herndon 200! Fred Hillis 200jH. M. Roseberry 200197197195193iL93:191191190190190189188188186185185184183.13318318318118i180178-17,8-1751915815615410286,63John Shropshire 200Fred Burgin 206B. D. Goff 200'J. C. Bond 200Fox 200".C.T.Owens 200James Caldwell 200J. C.Ward '.. ..200R.H.Hughes 200O TT E'ortrnarvn 9. ft ftnnAfnA T 0nnG- oodford, Jr 200A. E. Turney 200' Zack. Offutt 200Scott 200Tom Cassity 200w. k. Mourning 200w Buckner 200'E. A. Brophy 200A. B. Perkins 200J. L. Dodge 2Q0Tom Hinkle 200it. n. McMillan 100g. Haggard 100T -q Smith 100j c Ruggles" .'. .. '.'. 75.The next regular snoot win oe neiaon Friday afternoon, Sept. 16. Thetrophy will be $10.00 in trade, do-nated by the White Front Garage.the College BoyuuBLAKEMOREJtrrOETOfc SHOES'ifBUND CHILD EEOOVEES SIGHTON EVE OF OPERATION .(Louisville Herald, Aug. 31)(An Explanation)How sight was restored to 5-year-oldReba Jackson, suddenly blindedwhile at play, just as the child wasHeing prepared to undergo a surgicaloperation in hope of relief from themysterious cause of her condition,was told by her 'mother, Mrs. Margaret Jackson, at her home, 311Central Ave., yesterday. The touchof a doctor's hands, the "crackingsound of bones snapped into place,"relieving pressure from a hiddennerve, and the blind child saw, themother said."I'm blind. I can't see you,mother!" Reba cried,, staggeringinto her home August 12. from herplay. The little hands were feelingalong the walls and staircase. Noone knew what had happened exceptthat darkness had closed down on apair of bright eyes.Physicians and surgeons consultedand decided an operation would reveal and relieve the difficulty, as thesymptoms indicated the forming ofpus behind the seat of vision. Twoopenings in the skull over the temples would prove a drain and perhapsgive back the lost vision. Thenfriends bethought them of a practitioner, whor with his hands, they(said, sometimes cured mysterioustroubles found due to unnaturalpressure on nerves, while the entirecongregation of Mrs. Jackson'-schurch offered special prayers forthe afflicted child and her distressedmother.Mrs. Jackson summoned the practitioneer the day before Reba was t.qundergo the operation. "He justcracked several vertebrae near theneck into place," the mother said,"Reba thought then she sa.w a lightflash across her eyes, but could notdistinguish objects." Next day thonurse came from the hospital to takeher there."Mother, what are you doing?My eyes are opening I can see daylight. Why, you are rubbing yourcheek," the child cried. Her sightwas restored. The nurse went backto the hospital and a happy womanhugged her baby, who could oncemore sec. Mrs. Jackson is a widowwith three children and conducts arooming house next door to the SouthLouisville police station.This article appeared in The Herald Monday morning and was widelydiqeussed during the day. Much speculation was indulged in as to how,and by whom, my little girl's visionwas restored. Many seemed to getthe .impression that it was ChristianScience or some form of "laying onof hand" or a faith cure, as I hadmentioned to the reporter that theentire congregation of my church hadprayed for Reba. I did not intendto convey the thought that my-daughter's eyes were miraculously restored while it seemed almost usea miracle. I believe in giving creditwhere credit is due, and I believethe public is entitled to know thetruth about this case as it has beenpresented in somwhat of a mysteriousway in the newspaper. Dr. W. H,Dunn, a Chiropractor, of 216 NortonBuilding, adjusted the bones inReba's neck and her vision returned.She was so completely blind thatshe could not distinguish the brightest light. Words can not express myappreciation for what Ctoropracuuhas done for Reba, and 1 am puu-ilishing this so that the public mayknow to whom belongs tne creo.it imrestoring my little daughter's sight.T)r. Dunn used noimug u"- ---hands to perform the operation anuit was done in a few seconds.Gratefully,MRS. MARGARET JACKSON.311 Central Ave., Louisville, Ky.RESOLUTIONS OP RESPECT TO- MEMORY OP JNO, T. COLLINSAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bourbon Tobacco W)ire-Tiouse Company, the following resolution was adopted:Whereas, It has pleased an AllWise Providence to take from ourmidst the directing head of our organization, Mr. John T. Collins, andWhereas, The success of the to-Jtetcco warehouse business in raiwwas due largely to the high businessprinciples of honesty, sincerity, unselfishness and untiring devotion toduty, upon which he conducted it,and mWhereas, The tobacco interests otBourbon County and the State ofKentucky have suffered an irreparable loss in the passing away of thisSplendid citizen." fee it Resolved. That we extendto his family the deepest sympathyOI tne memuers ujt mia urgauM. .knd the whole tobacco industry ofT"- . . ix 'ftniirbon Countv ana . tne aiaie wKentucky.POTJRBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSEVt1 wnrann TtTTOmA . '!vv.' " m- ' JOAJ VUXBLXWILL OF JOHN T. COLLINS PROs BATEDThe last will and testament of thelate John T. Collins, banker, farmerjjand tobacco man, who died at his,home near North Middletown sometime ago, was filed Friday in the officeof County Clerk Pearce Paton forprobate. The instrument, which boredate of Oct. 24, 1918, with a codiciladded on July 16,"1921, was witnessed by John W. Jones and Frank W.Sledd.Under provisions of the will Mr.Collins' widow, Mrs. Mary Collins,and son, William Collins, werei named, as executors, which wasconfirmed by their appointment byCounty Judge George Batterton. Thewill bequeaths his entire estate to hiswife, Mrs. Mary Collins, with instructions to "make a fair and justdivision among our children, when,in her judgment, it seems best."The text of the will is as follows:"Realizing the uncertainity of life,I make and declare this my last willand testament, it being the only willever made by me."First, I want all my just debtsand funeral expenses paid as promptly as possible."Second, I will to my wife, MaryCollins, all property of every kind,both real and personal, of which Iam possessed at the time of my death.I do this because of the uncertaintynaturally attached to return of myson, William, from the war, and Itrust my wife to make a fair andjust division of the estate among ourchildren, when, in her judgment, itseems best."Third, I appoint my wife executorof this will and request the court torequire no bond of her. Writtenwith my own hand this, the 24th dayof October, 1918."JOHN T. COLLINS.""I John T. Collins, of Bourboncounty, Kentucky, on the 16th day ofJuly, 1921, do declare this codicil tobe a part of my last will and testament, in manner and form following:"Whereas, In paragraph three ofmy last will and testament I did appoint my wife, Mary Collins, as executor of my last will and testament,I do now revoke said paragraph three,and do appoint my wife, Mary Collins, and my son, William Collins,as executrix and executor of this mylast will and testament, and I furtherdirect that they shall not be requiredto give bond or security for the proper discharge of their duties.'In witness whereof I have hereuntosubscribed my name on the day andyear above mentioned, in the presence of John W. Jones and F. W.Sledd, whom I have requested to become attesting witnesses hereto"."JNO. T. COLLINS."COMMERCIAL CLUB DELEGATESATTEND ROAD MEETINGThrough representations madeby the Bourbon county delegation atthe meeting of the Dixie HighwayAssociation, held in Cincinnati, lastFriday, a strong argument was advanced urging the adoption of thepresent Bluegrass Highway, runningfrom Cincinnati through Falmquth,Cynthiana and Paris, as part of thecontemplated Dixie Highway system.The Paris party was composed ofthe following ten members of theParis Commercial Club: Judge DenisDlmdon, Mayor E. B. January, Secretary Wm. E. Hacker, County JudgeGeorge Batterton, Fred M. Fister,Wade H. Whitley, James Day, JohnF. Davis, B. J. Santen and M. PealeCollier. Judge Dundon acted a5spokesman for the delegation, anlpointed out to the directors that thepresent Bluegrass route is a safer andmore scenic route between Cincinnatiand Lexington, and in much bettercondition. He was followed by representatives from Cynthiana and Falmouth, who also urged adoption ofthis highway as part of the DixieHighway. The Paris representativesspoke very highly of the hospitalityshown the delegation during theirstay. '.HOME-KILLED MEATSHOME-KILLED MEATS OURSPECIALTY. WAGON WITH BELLt)N IT PASSES YOUR DOOR.C. H. MULEINGER.(septl3-tf). oBURGLARIOUS BURGLAR BAFPLED. The attempt of a burglar to effectan entrance into the grocery store ofL. R. Bramblette, at the corner ofMain and BankJRow, was frustratedearly Sunday morning by the timelyappearance of Charles Peddicord, whorooms in the two story building onthe opposite side of Main street.Hearing a peculiar noise Mr. Peddicord went to the window of his roomand saw a man endeavoring to forcethe door on the Main street side ofthe grocery. He called out to knowwhat was going on there, when thewould-be burglar fled'.An investigation showed the burglar had cut a hole in the screendoor large 'enough to get a hookthrough. He then pulled up theiastening of the screen door and wasin 'the act "of prying out the plateglass in 4 the, door when Air: Peddicord discovered him. This is theseventh attempt at;hurRlary-in Partein afew'VietosiTeral'beinr emiBtntlyiucctfiftM. .CONFERENCE CLOSES SESSIONSAT SOMERSETThe 101st annual Conference of theMethodist Church, South, which hasbeen in session at Somerset closed lastSaturday night with the appointment,of ministers to charges for the ensuing four years. Bishop CollinsDenny, who presided, declared theConference to be one of the mostspiritual he has attended in manyyears. Nearly four hundred ministers attended the sessions, and wereguests of the citizens of Somersetduring their stay.In the assignment of ministers forthe next four years the followingwere accredited to the Maysville District, of which Paris and Millersburgare a part:F. B. Jones, Presiding Elder.Augusta Stuart G. Blitz, supply.Brooksville J. E. Roberts.Carlisle W. S. Maxwell.Flemingsburg P. F. Adams.Germantown F. T. Howard.Helena H. M. Knight, supply.Hillsboro E. M. Armitage.Herrington and Oxford Fredererick Sartin.Hutchison W. M. Williams.Maysville, First Church O. C.Seevers.Maysville, Second Church E. H.Crowson. -Millersburg W. D. Welburn.Moorefield S. L. Moore.Mt. Carmel W. T. Eklar.Mt. Olivet R. M. Lee.Paris C. H. Greer.Pine Grove and Wesley To besupplied.Salt Well W. P. Davis.Sardis and Shannon H. G. Howard. Sharpsburg and Bethel C. P.Pilow.Tilton W. Q. Vreeland.Tollesboro J. W. Gilbert.Vanceburg R. E. Coleman.k Waggoner's Chapel and Mt. Pleas-ant To be supplied.Washington J. M. Mathews.President Millersburg College C.C. Fisher.LARD SPECIAL.WE ARE NOW OFFERINGSWIFT'S SILVER LEAP LARD IN50-LB. TINS, NET WEIGHT, AT$6.50. THIS IS A FINE BUY. BETTER GET YOURS NOW.PARIS BAKING COMPANY,I. L. GLASS, Manager.If you have nothing else to do youcan spend a very profitable half hourby figuring how much money youhave saved by not loading up on cotton futures last fall.jHlinillllilillHIIMIIllHlllilllillMIHHIIIII'1iFRANK & CO. ILADIES' OUTFITTERSJust ReceivedAnother Shipmentofbeautiful' Jrocks-In All theNewest WeavesandColoringsIn Both Wool and SilkMaterials-FRANK & CO,.riAihv;$MMIWIIIMMIIMMMIIIIIIMIIBASEBALL NOTESLowering skies, rain and a geaeraL ,tendency on the part of the elene3sto make a disagreeable afterrioom,did not dampen the ardor of bassfcal'lfans Sunday. Fans to the kumWtof nine hundred gathered at the Sec-ond street ball park to witneBthcontest between the Paris Ruggleand the Centerville team, the formerwinning by a score of 12 to 2.The game was featured by fine fleeing and batting by Mann and Woods,,and the pitching of Camparonf, theRuggles crack twirler, who struckout eleven Centreville batsmen. Thebatteries were: For Paris, Camyaroni and " Carter; for Centerjilie,Carter, Berryman and Ray. Thsgame was umpired by Neal and Williams. The score by innings::R H EParis . . . . 230 101 05x 12 18Centerville. 000 100 001 2 5 $A great game, a real game, is expected this (Tuesday) afternoon,when the Christian and Methodistteams in the Church League hookup for a contest at the Second streotpark. Both teams have been whetting their knives, figuratively speaking, for each other's scalp, an tkpalefaces may expect to see somehair-raising stunts pulled off on thediamond. The Methodist team isleading in the League race, haTingwon two games and lost none, theChristian team taking second placewith two games won and one lost.These games" are drawing largocrowds, and the boys are putting uyexcellent contests that are growingdaily in favor with the fans. Attendthis game and see "the greatest teamever' in operation?RT'.AT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMrs. Dora F. Sheeler, of Beaumont,Texas, purchased last week of Harris,Speakes & Harris, six vacant lots inWhite Addition, belonging to Miller& Lilleston, for a price not given outfor publication. The lots are locatedin front of the Massie Memorial Heftpital, having a frontage on bothCameron avenue and Fithian avenue,and adjoin the residence of Mr. Robt.Griffin. Mr. and Mrs. Sheeler, whorecently moved to Paris from Beaumont, will erect a modern home onthe property. Mrs. Sheeler is a sister of A. B. Lovell, Eigntn sxreecgrocer.oTOBACCO HAIL INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AOTS. -PIRSTNATIONAL BANK BLDG..(1-tf)fcy --i, JC-VvT'-l-V-.Vip:''f'-T; .r.xs: jlt ..ww.jf"-1J -t--?'t V7TJ3tf PAGE TWOTUESDAY, SKPTBMBHR. U,imiV; - IITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY1S i:lit1!;i 'i,1II Ir. &.F . ai a:THEBOURBONNEWSXitabli bed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationPibluhed. Every Tuesday and 3?ridayftr Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00f Payable in Advance.fWITT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.'(aUred at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatofflce as Mail Matter of theStcond Class.)Oil FOBEIGN EEPEESEliTATIVES. Mew York American Press Asso-bicap-o Lord & Thomas., Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atknta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Lowman-MulHcan Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 perlack' lor first time; 60 cents per inchseh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linesack issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiraatee, obituaries and resolutions, andjtailar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisestats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othersaatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied byke cash.Any erroneous reflection upon theskaracter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention oftat editor.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKETTot Circuit JudgeROBT. LEE STOUT.For Commonwealths' Attorney.VICTQR BRADLEY-Por Circuit ClerkWM. H. WEBB.For Representative 'JAMES H. THOMPSONFor County JudgeGEORGE BATTERTON.For County AttorneyD. D. CLINE.For County ClerkPEARCE PATON.For SheriffM. PEALE COLLIER.For Tax CommissionerBEN WOODFORD, JR.For JailerJAMES E. TAYLOR.For CoronerRUDOLPH DAVISFor Mayor .E. B. JANUARY.For CouncilmenFirst Ward W. W. MITCHELL,DR. $VM. KENNEY, ' GEORGE D.SPEAKES.Second Ward FRANK SKDLLMAN, B. J. SANTEN, CURTISHENRY.Third Ward GEORGE L. DOYLE.MAGISTRATESParis Frank P. Lowry.Millersburg E. P. Thomason.Little Rock R. H. Burris.North Middletown J. S. Talbott.Clintonville Lee Stephenson.Hutchison J. W. Bell.Centerville J. N. Shropshire.Ruddles Mills R. O. JTurner.SOMERSET IS HOST TO METH0-DIST CONFERENCEThe 101st annual session of theKentucky Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, convened at Somerset, Tuesday, withBishop Collins Denny presiding.More than 300 ministers and laydelegates have arrived and are beingentertained in homes.The first session was held Tuesdaycoming when Bishop Denny deliver-t the opening address. A businessscion followed.- Tkks is the third time Somersetriaiaad the ceafcremoe, thetStsYEDITORIAL EHNGS OP THIS.THAT EN 'TOTHERTo get a number, I concedeIs a task for me too hard;The next number I may needI'l drop Miss Switchboard a card.Low shoes, the fashion advancesay, will be stylish this winter. Wehad no idea that anything low couldbe stylish, and, if the truth wereknown, neither had you.The chief of a Kentucky bootlegging ring is said to be a millionaire.And he doubtless will found a dynasty of aristocrats, whose descendantsshall some day point with pride totheir ancestor's romantic calling.If that Franklin county grandjury should get at the bottom of theBlair pardon case it would encounterGovernor Morrow and Maurice Galvin in conversation somewhere nearthe bottom of what isn't a closed incident. wwwThe wretch who goes about whenthe mercury is below zero askingblue-nosed neighbors whether it iscold enough for them now, attacksthe school bay or school girl to learnwhether they enjoy returning toschool.Former Secretary Elihu Root sayshis name is pronounced "El-a-hew,"'and may be pronounced "El-i-hew,"but should not be pronounced"El-i-hoo!" But ours is a free country, especially in the matter ofspeech, and some persons persist inspeaking of the "doo" on the grass.JWhile walking along Main streetthe other day a pedestrian pickedup a set of false teeth for the lowerjaw of a male person. The partyno doubt lost them while gazing inopen-mouthed admiration at some ofthe short skirts and pretty anklesseen on Main street.In rummaging around a caveinthe Southern part of Kentucky afew days ago, a party of scientistsfound a human jawbone which,they afterward declared, was notless than eight hundred years old.Wonder if the dentists in those daysput dates on the plates.A scientist declares that an angelmore closely resembles an insectthan a glorified human being. Hemay be right at that. But what weare positively sure of is that we areacquainted "right here in Paris" withseveral human insects who neverwill register in the divine entomology. A fashion sharp just returned fromParis, France, announces that skirl'swill be longer, much longer, andwaists higher. But what is muchharder to believe is that, in spite offrantic struggles on the part of thegreat men of the art, prices, it issaid, will be neither as high nor aslongas they have been.W3 can't recall just who wrote itBut, anyhow, those disarmament conferees, when they assemble, shouldbear in mind the significant fact that"a column twenty men abreast,marching sixty days and nightsthat would be the parade of thedead who fell in the great war on theside of the Allies."Is the Southern cotton crop failure a blessing in disguise? Weasked that question of a Paris merchant, and already ten dollars hasbeen added to the value of everybale, new or old, while stocks climbin sympathy. And, precisely as wifhgrain, the farmer will reap the benefit. When he does everybody does.The same will apply to the tobaccocrop.wwwWe have figured it out that if the"cut-out" and speeding is not effectually stopped in Paris, the peoplewill be nervous wrecks in something less than two hundred years.Some of these big trucks that go racing through the streets, (and somethat are not big) make the most hid-.eous noises imaginable, said bymany to be absolutely avoidableand entirely unnecessary. 'The vacation season for this goodyear is now about over, and thosewho have been compelled to stay athome are by far the healthier,wealthier and wiser. This is not acase of "sour grapes," but real factsgleaned from those who have takenvacations. Many people in order to"keep up with Lizzie" will leave thebest of homes and surroundings, andtake a trip somewhere and it matters not where and put up with accommodations that they would turnup their noses at, at home. It is anunwritten law that if your neighborsgo, thou hast to go likewise (if thoucanst.)oTHE STUFF OF LIFEThis is from an advertisement fora typesetting machine, but it givesa vivid picture of the news thatmakes the country paper's place secure: "Babies are born. Little boysin broad ties and little girls in brightfrocks have their birthday parties.'Lovers wed. Company comes. tFolkaro Msiting. Men and women grew'.'. -!!! 1I NEW TAX RATE TO BE CONSED-n i ... "r 'WASHINGTON, Sept., 9. Changesin the House Tax Bill,, recommendedThursday to the Senate FinanceCommittee by A. W. Mellon, Secretary of the Treasury, included:Repeal of the excess profits tax effective as of last January first, instead of January first.Retention of all of the transportation taxes tcor the calendar year1922, but at half the present ratesinstead of complete repeal as of nextJanuary first.Repeal of the capital stock taxeffective next year? an entirely newproposal.Reduction of the maximum income surtax rate from 63 per centto 25 per cent effective January 1,1922, instead of to 32 per cent -asprovided in the House Bill.An increase of 5 per cent, insteadof 2 per cent in the normal corporation income tax, making thetotal 15 per cent, retroactive to lastJanuary first.A manufacturers' tax on cosmet-ics and proprietary medicines to replace the present stamp taxes whichwere eliminated by the House.Retention next year of the taxeson insurance premiums, but at onehalf the present rates.With these exceptions, the Treasury Secretary was understood to haveapproved the House measure withits provisions for an increase of $500in the exemption to heads of familieshaving net incomes of $5,000 a yearor less and $200 additional for dependents; for decreased rates onsporting goods, yachts and furs andfor manufacturers taxes on fountainsyrup and other ingredients of softdrinks and in lieu of the present socalled nuisance taxes.Mr. Mellon was before the committee at two sessions and there was ageneral discussion of his recommendations as well as of the probablerevenue needs of the Government forthe fiscal year. The Secretary placedthese at $4,034,000,000 on the basisof the reduction in expendituresagreed upon at the White House taxconference last August 9th and estimated that $800,000,000 of thistotal would be raised from non-taxsources, such as customs, salvage andthe like, leaving $3,234,000,000 tocome from internal taxes.This total is $134,000,000 less thanthe estimated receipts under theHouse for this year, the difference being accounted for through repeal of the excess profits tax as oflast January 1. It was to make upthe loss from the profits tax that Mr.Mellon proposed an additional 2Vzper cent increase in the corporationincome tax, retention of the transportation and insurance premium taxesand restoration of the taxes on cosmetics and proprietary medicines.The additional corporaton incometax is estimated by Treasury officialsto yield approximately $260,000,000a year. The transportaton tax wouldreturn $130,000,000 next year at halfthe present rates and the insurancetaxes and the levees on cosmeticsajid medicines aiTallHitional $25,000,000. Explaining his proposal for a further reduction of 7 per cent in themaximum income surtax rates, Mr.Mellon was said to have told thecommitte that the lower rate eventually would return a greater yieldto the Government than the 32 percent rate, because additional moneywould he diverted to active businessinstead of being invested in tax exempt securities.It was stated that there was nodiscussion of new sources of taxation and that none was recommendedby Mr. Mellon who estimated that theHouse bill, as amended in accordwith his recommendations would meetthe needs of the Government, provided the economies agreed upon atthe White House conference were effected. He was said to have told thecommittee that he thought theywould be and committee membersgenerally were reported as havingagreed with him.As to the authorization in theHouse bill for the Treasury to issue$500,000,000, additional in shortterm notes, it was said officially thatthis had no relation to any anticipated deficit and was not whollynecessary as the Treasury had askedfor it merely wth the idea of havinga little more margin iri" funding victory notes and certificates of indebtedness into short-term securities.ft)pLift Off with Fingersmjj;Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone". on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sum-,cient to remove every hard cot, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe cnPuses, without soreness or irrltaticp, - Cad7oHow things do change. WillianrJ. Bryan was arrested In Illinois theYra) VThe Pineapple Plant. ,, The pineapple plant which is a biennial, grows about two feet high apdproduces a single axis and flowerstalk. The fleshy part of the stalkforms the fruit, which is crowned bya cluster of leaves. It was introducedInto Europe by the Spaniards aftertheir explorations in South America.The earliest mention of the pineappleIn England was made by John Evelyn,English author, in his "Diary," Inwhich he speaks of having tasted apineapple from Barbados at the tableof, Charles H.For SaleChevrolet touring car, smoothrunning and in good repair. Cheapif sold at once. Inquire at BOURBONNEWS office, or call either phoneNo. 93. (9-2t)LostSomewhere in or near Paris whiteen route to Cynthiana from Olym-nian Springs, a solid wheel fromEssex Auto. Had 32x4-inch Fisk tire.Finder rewarded by returning to thisoffice, or to Rev. W. E. Ellis, cornerMain and Tenth streets.(9-2t)For Sale1920 Oakland touring car; goodtires and riJachinery good. A carthat has been well taken care of.1920 Buick roadster, with wintertop and in excellent shape.1910 Ford touring car in goodcondition.WHITE FRONT GARAGE,Both Phones 706 Main Street.,(13-2t)For RentOne neatly furnished bedroom onTenth street. Rent reasonable. Forinformation call THE NEWS office,either phone 124.LostOn Main street yesterday betweenthe Kress Store and Margolen's MeatMarket a pocketbook containing asum of money in currency. Finderwill be rewarded by returning sameto(6-tf) ANDERSON CAHAL,Cahal Bros.' Barber Shop.For RentFour nicely furnished upstairsrooms in excellent location, at reasonable price. For further information call THE NEWS office, eitherphone 124.Wanted, to Rent CottageCottage or flat wanted by partywho has resided in present house,which has been sold, for" five years,the previous house fourteen years.No small children. Call BOURBONNEWG, or E. T. Phone 844. (tf)We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)We Pack CreamHome-Made Ice Cream ' packeddelivered at sixty cents per quart.All orders for Sunday must be placed Saturday by six o'clock. No orderspacked less than half-gallon.Brick Cream prepared on specialorders.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,Both Phones 494. 429 Main St.(sep-9-tf)Mattresses RemadeWe take your old mattress, renovate it and put on a new tick whichmakes it as good as new. Give us atrial. We will call for and returnsame.Call Cumb. Phone 1042.PARIS BEDDING CO.(augl9-tf)Executrix Sale-OF-Household and KitchenFurnitureAs .executrix of the estate of thelate Mrs. Hattie Hutchcraft Hill, Iwill sell at public sale, at her lateresidence, in Thornton Division, inthe city of Paris, Ky., onFriday, September 16, 1921at two o'cldbk, p. m., all her household and kitchen furniture, consisting of carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, dishes, refrigerators, nesvSinger Sewing Machine, couch;brass bed, several pieces of antiquefurniture, and many other thingstoo numerous to mention.MISS ANNA, HUTCHCRAFT," h , . iExecutrix..Lowest PricesEver Quotedon Titan andInternational TractorsThe Harvester Company has made another big pricecut on Titan and International Tractors. This reduction wipes out all former advances and puts thesetractors at the lowest prices at which they have everbeen sold. We are offering:International 8-16, $900This price is about one-fourth less than that of March1, 1921. The new price includes all necessary equipmentplatform, fenders, governor, belt pulley whichcost extra on some tractors.Titan 10-20, $900This is the lowest price ever quoted on the Titan,considering equipment included (formerly sold extra).At this price the Titan 3-plow tractor is the best value inthe farm .power field.International 15-30, $1,750This also is lower than any former price. Younot find a better 4-plow tractor for the money.All prices are f . o. b. Chicago. The Harvester Company advises us these prices are made regardless of manufacturing costs and that they do not guarantee tomaintain them. These prices certainly justify the immediate purchase of a tractor. jWe can arrange suitable terms for you. Come inand see us.C. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sid:.IIIIIIMIIIIflfftt t..T..y.....y..T..........T..?..I..I......I..I..I-.. linnKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount. Call andsee our stock.T. W. SPICER$ MAIN STREETMWelding-RepairingWe are now in a position to handleall classes of Oxy-Acetylene weldingand cutting, as well as general machine repair work.Prompt ServiceWe solicit yourthe market forEngine Power.MANGAS(Incorporated)"CHESTER, KENTUCKYC tcan-OPP. COURT HOUSEinquiries when inGas or KeroseneENGINE I MFTi..Ig I live aat If 1J.'jfifi $:old; arooRanother- day 'f or speeding 7 VI jp(Mpt$-13)- , ' 1HIT 'rtrtAff .TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 19'21'- TOT BOURBO NBWS. PARIS, MltfUCKT1MBrai-3?Do you knowyou can roll50 goodcigarettes forlOcts fromone bag ofOLD PAPERS PRESENTED. PARIS UBRARYTOGENUINE"BulTDURHAMTOBACCOWe want you to have thebest paper for "BULL."So now you can receivewith each packagea book ,,of 24 leaves of KM..the very finest cigarettepaper in the world.&eerIODGE SECRETARY POR QUARTER OP CENTURYA tribute was paid to B. J. Durhamat the lodge rooms of the Danvilleorder of Odd Fellows, when he waspresented with a life-size oil paintingThe work was done by Mrs. A. B.Rue, of Harrodsburg. The picture-was a token of appreciation of thework he has done in the past twentyfive years as secretay of the lodge.Mr. Durham has been a member ofCentral Lodge, No. 8, I. 0. 0. F., ofDanville, since Feb. 11, 1887, and hasbeen one of the most active members.He has been treasurer of the GrandLodge for the past fifteen years.The portrait will be hung in the lodgeroom beside that of his father, M. J.Durham, who in his life time was oneof the most prominent Odd Fellows inthe U. S., having been Past GrandSire, the highest office within thegift of the fraternity.R. G. Elliott, of Lexington, GrandSecretary, made the presentationspeech. Speeches were also made byThomas Farnsworth, Harrodsburg,and Dr. W. H. Smith, Danville.Some of those who have returnedfrom their vacations have gottenrested up fairly well after a weeks'work.MHOWSFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtyDuring a recent visit to relativesitf this city, Mr. E. K. Knapp, a for-,mer resident of Paris, now of Philadelphia, brought with a bound volume of copies of "The SaturdayNight" of 1874-'75-'76, to be presented to the Public Library."The Saturday Night" was a littlefour-page weekly newspaper ownedand published by the late Green ft.Keller, who resided here for manyyears, -and who was widely knownas a newspaper man and politician.This volume will be of interest tothe older residents of Paris andBourbon County, who will . reviewthe items relating to the business,the political., religious, educationaland social interests of the community, also the deaths, marriages,births and advertisements, with feelings of mingled pleasure and sadness,recalling tender memories of the longago.Many, including the genial andpopular editor of the bright littlesheet, whose names and deeds are recorded in its columns, have longsince passed to their reward, whileothers who are mentioned as figuring during their youthful days inthe various activities of the community, are to-day among our mostsubstantial and prominent citizens.The following paragraph from areport of an open session of the"Cricket Club" of Miss Jessie Tipton's school, on March" 12, 1875, isan example of how the youthful accomplishments of three of our wellknown citizens were regarded atthat time:"Master Willie Hinton performedvery well on the piano and deservescredit for his skill."Master Eddie Hinton deliveredhis speech very well.,"Miss Tipton, on the piano, andMaster Isaac Price, on the violin,rendered some beautiful airs fromthe opera of "The Bohemian Girl."The "hops' at the "Bourbon JHouse,AOG1AL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.A. Thomason has returnedj-from an extended visit in Indiana.Miss .Rebecca Purnell will leaveto-day for Versailles, where she willenter Margaret College as a student.Misses Ruth Raymond Adairand Lillian Berkley, of Paris, are attending the Kentucky Orphan School,at Midway.Mrs. George Phillips, of Cincinnati, is visiting her parents, Mr.and vMrs. William Matthews, ofWalker avenue.C. H. Goodman, ticket agent atthe Tenth street passenger stationof the L. & N., has gone to Petoskey,Mich., for an extended stay.James Higgins and Joseph Lavin,of Paris, and T. C. Lenihan, of Lexington, returned Friday night from amonth's sojourn at Hot Springs,Arkansas.Mrs. R. M. Hopkins and son,Robert, have returned to their homein St. Louis, Mo., .after spending thesummer with relatives in- this cityand county.Misses Isabelle Talbott, AnnaCaywood Talbott, Mary Letton, MaryEllis, Lucy Hall Ferguson and Matilda Ferguson, matriculated yesterday at Hamilton College, in Lexington. Mrs. Arthur G. Newsum has returned to her home in Dallas, Texas,after spending several weeks in Parisas guest of her parents, Dr. andMrs. A. H. Keller. She was accom-panied by her brother, Mr. Clyde'Keller, who will visit relatives inDallas, Witchita Falls and otherpoints in Texas.(Other Personals on Page 5)GRAND JURY TO INVESTIGATE" BLAIR CASEInvestigation of the Blair pardonwhich in those days were, scandal, which caused widespread in-occasions of rare enjoyment, attracting large crowds of pleasure-lovingyoung people from all parts of theBluegrass, are given -prominentmention, and the gowns and jewelsworn by the belles in attendance,are described very attractively.The Debating Society, which included some brilliant young intellects, J. A. Buckler, A. M. Swope, G.C. Lockhart, G. T. Osborne, GarrettDavis, J. M. McCann, W. S. Jones,and others, held weekly debates uponthe topics of the hour, as well ashistoric and economic subjects, andis reviewed several times.The frequent mention of Rev. W.T. Poynter, Eld. J. S. Sweeney, Rev.L. H. Blanton, Rev. Geo. S. Wtfaeks,and other ministers of blessed memory, will be very interesting to thosewho were acquainted with these beloved pastors.Mr. Knapp, who was the carrierof The Saturday Night presents thevolume to the Library with the understanding that it is not to be takenout, so that those who desire toperuse its pages will have to do soat the Library.GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH SKIN WHITEterest when the facts in the case weremade public in June, is expected tobe taken up by the Franklin countygrand jury.Victor L. Bradley, Commonwealth'sAttorney, has announced that he willissue summonses for all believed tohave any knowledge of the case.These are expected to include Gov-lernor Edwin P. Morrow, Maurice E.Galvlh, Covington, Republican StateCommitteeman, Arthur Doyle, assistant auditor, James Hendricks, Louisville, and the Chief Clerk at the Reformatory. Frank Blair, "alias "John Doe,"who was serving a term in the Stalereformatory for a holdup and attempted murder in Louisville, waspardoned by Governor Edwin P.Morrow, early in June. At the timeof his release he was under indictment in Evansville, Ind., on a chargeof theft of government property, andwas wanted in Indianapolis for complicity in the robbery of a bank atLeavenworth of $50,000 worth of.Liberty Bonds in 1918.When he left the institution atFrankfort, Blair was taken in theautomobile of Maurice Galvin, ofCovington, member of the RepublicanState Central Committee, to Paris,where he caught a train and left forparts unknown. Here the trail waslost and the man disappeared.MMII MMMMSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, which any drugstore will supply for a few cents,shake well, and you have a quarterpint of harmless and delightful lemonbleach. Massage this sweetly fragrant lotion into the face, neck,arms and hands each day, thenshortly note the beauty and whiteness of your skin.Famous stage beauties use thislemon lotion to bleach and bring thatsoft, clear, rosy-white complexion,also as a freckle, sunburn, and tanbleach because it doesn't irritate.(T-tf)DEMOCRATIC CHAIRMAN SAYS. HE WILL NOT RESIGNBRIGHTEREVENINGS.-Vi' " S 'Just Historyii 'In '76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860 v.In Crinoline bright,She greeted her questsBy Coal Wil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litv By flickering Gas.Bot the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electrio Light.In Writing.The one rule Is to be Infinitelyvarious. Robert Louis Stevenson.REMODELING -REPAIRING -CLEANINGSFUR STORAGEWETAN and MAKE UPu:SKINS OF YOUR OWN CATCHGREEN & GREEN, FURRIERSINCORPORATED1138 S. Third LOUISVILLE, KY.(aug2-eow-12t)Pari Ga& Electric Co.WE HAVE OPENEDBARREL OFHEINZ' WHITEI VINEGARThe Best for PickleMakingWe Have a Full Line ofFreshPickling SpicesGive Us Your Order.Logan Howard"The Home of Good Thinftsto Eat"Pkones 179Chairman George White, of theDemocratic National Committee, isnot ready to resign, nor is he notvgiving any consideration to severinghis connections with the managingbody of the Democratic nationalparty.This has been made plain in denial of rumors which have been current for some time, based largely onthe understanding that ChairmanWjhite might be a candidate for theDemocratic nomination in Ohio nextyear, where there is every indicatioithat the State will again swing intothe Democratic column because ofdissatisfaction with the record of thef national administration and thealleged failure of Congress, and because of what is already a revoltf against the Republican State administration.Mr. "White has not yet made up hismind -that he will be a candidate,though he 'is in an exceedingly receptive mood. But candidacies un-'der the Ohio primary laws do notneed to be announced until next August, and before that time there ismuch that can be accomplished inthe organization work of the Democratic party, which is already wellin hand.oPRINTING SCHOOL IN GEORGIAOPENED THIS MONTHBBB' JehA mBB IHSBBBHV H SBBBaBBv BBbBb BBBBBBfl BBBB. BBr 'PlBBBBBSBrkHbb 'bbbb? hbbbV tfThe new sugar coated --isCSLr AMchewing mfStW.h. i v:r v. A -iv j. Oi.. i ssi m Ka mo .. wmA?$!. vAi itr-zwnvnw v.v.Bm. &. i a m rzimwvii.iBBaw .v .- .--v .--! . k i'i m .r- m m rr--tm-xi y--va.Tfe jc-jlvj&w i azzJlllllUil.'kl re? &&3sbmWii 1mTT MMivA'p. HsnffiSnwhich everybodylikes you will,too.A delicious peppermintflavored sugar jacket aroundpeppermint flavored chewin amthat will aid your appetite and dieetion, polish your teeth and moistenyour throat. B122RIG1Y5wM'MW,I1MTHE FLAUOR LASTSNORTH MTOTJLET0WN(Received Too Late For Publicationin Friday's Issue)Mrs. Magnus B. Rash, entertained Tuesday with a beautiful luncheonin honor of the following intimatefriends from a distance: Prof, andMrs. N. Smylie, Little Rock, Ark.,Rev. and Mrs. T. S. Smylie, Paris,Miss Helen Hutchison, Huntington,West Virginia, and Mr. EdwardHutchison, University of Virginia.The Graded School opened Tuesday with an attendance of one hundred and seventy-five.Miss Louise Calvert, of Maysville, returned home last week, after spending several weeks with relatives in this community.The Pageant which come off lastTuesday was both beautiful and successful, and the cast of characterswere remembered with a delightfullawn party last Thursday afternoonat the home of Mrs. M. E, Rash.Misses Elizabeth and Lucile Caywood leaves next week to matriculateat Belmont College, Tenn., and MissFrances Thomason will go to Hamilton College.The regular monthly meetingof the C. W. B. M. was held Tuesdayafternoon. A splendid program anda pleasant social hour was enjoyed.Mr. J. W. Jones Is improvingafter a week's illness.Mrs. M. E. Rash and two attractive little daughters, Louise and iWillulmina, spent the week's end in JLexington. jIt used to be that when a girl ac- Icepted a man she was his, but now jwhen a girl accepts a man he is jhers. "BURLEY TOBACCO GROWERS'CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATIONI'ln Union There Is Strength"SIGN YOUR CONTRACTiiiiiiiiiiiiim i iinininmiu minimi inn mAn Ohio man ate onions beforegoing to the dentist. But you shouldhave seen the bill the dentist senthim.4f4frt4.. .Hi ""! M1"!1The fall opening of the PrintingSchool at Macon, Ga., will occuduring the first two weeks in September. There is in prospect a fuilattendance with a class of 100 students coming from all parts of theUnited States. Wherever studentshave gone to work recently, therahave been almost without exceptionL calls for others trained in exactlythe same way. This is due to thefact that the course of study has beendeveloped according to the needs ofemployers to -whom students havegone in the past.One student has just written theschool as follows: "I have been intou,ch with young Livingston, whocame to your school last January.He is now earning an average of $71a week as a linotype operator. Hetells me that he had never earnedover $15 a week before he attendedthe school."My own experience in- school hasbeem-bf greit help to xme is erer?S. P. M0HNEY !ChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARIS f5h Hi'l 1 1 1 11 1 "M"H"1"H"!' !"!'Less Than Seven Cents Per DayA HOME TELEPHONEwith modern equipment and courteous operators at yourservice day and night m your residence for a fractionless than seven cents per day.GIVE US YOUR ORDERParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedMIIIHlillllHHlHHllHHMlltltMMA NEW FAINT STORE IlitFlowers!For Funerals, Parties, Weddings and other occasionswhere flowers are used.Say it with flowers it isthe most expressive way.BOTH PHONESJO VARDENV .- itTo Be Run By Old PaintersKANE BROS.have purchased and taken over the stock andbusiness of the TEMPLIN PAINT CO. A complete line ofPAINTS, VARNISHES AND BRUSHESPainters' Supplies and Wall PaperNow is the time to contract for Fall Paintingor Papering. A guarantee inevery particular willbe furnished.KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbn Lumber C:Cumbtrland Plwnt 1IS74 wVs(iMtrytratei)-'w" 5iir ,IIihmmJ-pack rornrTUB BOURDON MBWSTXKIS?-KMfTUCKTJj. ' J. 2V44k AS j''-MTUESDAY, SBPTBBBJR 1S,1I11For SaleS. C White Leghorns for immediate sale. Pure bred cockerels offamous "ttjyckoff strain, $1.50 each.MRS. EARL BAR.TON,Home Telephone 31-2,(13-3t) Millersburg, Ky.For SaleDecker Bros.' upright piano, ingood condition. Also some householdfurniture. Apply toMRS. A. P. BROWN,Home Phone 38,, Clintonville Ex.(13-2t)REPORT OP THE CONDITION OF THEFARMERSAA doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 6th day of September, 1921.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts $389,025.80,Overdrafts, secured and unsecured., 3,791.57Stocks, Bonds and other Securities 17,012.50Due from Banks .- 28,496. 8GCash pn hand 8,457.46Checks and others cash items 3,266.41Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 100.00Total $450,150.60LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash ..'.. ..$ 60,000.00Surplus Fund 26,000.00.Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 1,930.45Deposits subject-to check $220,407.5.9Time Deposits 54,671.65 275.079.24Due Banks and Trust Companies 920.70Reserved for taxes t 1,220.21Bills Payable 85,000.00. .Total $450,150.60STATE OF KENTUCKY-County of Bourbon Set.We, Frank P. Kiser and W. W. Mitchell, President and Cashier of.the above named Bank, do solemnly Swear that the above statement isVtrue to the best of our knowledge andbelief.FRANK P KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Correct Attest:J. D. McCLINTOCK,M. HUME PAYNE," G. K. JONES.v Directors.Susbcribed and sworn to before 'me the 12th day of September, 1921.SJNO. W. YERKES, Notary Public.My Commission expires March 25, 1923.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEPEOPLES-DEPOSIT BANK AND TRUSTCO.-doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, Statelucky, at the close of business on 5th day of Sept., 1921.of Ken-RESOURCES-VLoans and Discounts $1,162,071.94Overdrafts, secured and unsecuredfitocks, Bonds and other Securities.Due from Banks 1Cash on hand-Checks and other cash itemsBanking House, Furniture and Fixtures-Other Assets not included under any of above heads6,336.567,714.5569,379.18"18,144.2710,027.0112,001.09376.00.$1,286,050.51Total. . . .,-... .,.LIABILITIES-Capital Stock paid in, in cash $ 150,000.00Surplus Fund 100,000.00. Undivided profits, less expenses and taxes paid 30,530.07Deposits subject to check $631,859.68IDemand Certificates of Deposit .... 250.00Time Deposits 244,156.13Cashier's checks outstanding 3,940.83 930,206.61Tue Banks and Trust Companies 313.803ills Payable 75,000.00JQ Total $1,286,050.51TATE OF KENTUCKY-County of Bourbon Set.We, S. E. Bedford, and C. K. Thomas, President and Cashier ofthe above named Bank, do solemnly lvswear that the above statement is:true to the best of our knowledge and belief.S. E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this, 12th day of September, 1921.NELLIEJ FARRELL, Notary Public.My Commission expires January 23, 1924'.NEW ARRIVALS INWINTER UNDERWEARFOR LADIES AND CHILDREN .COMPLETE LINES OF UNION SUITS720?rSINGWEJlRsEOMILY.jrguJBHj 5 2HK HSMp WPtf jUiEXCLUSIVEAGENTS INPARISM2DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKY2ih2&-ZlS'&isDISTRICT MANAGER EXP.LA1MS- TELEPHONE TROUBLEMr. O. R. Webber, of Winchester,-:District Manager for the CumberlandTelephone Company, is in Paris, for'the purpose of investigating and remedying, if possible, tne conditions existing in regard to the poor servicebeing rendered local patrons. Mr.Webber was a caller at THE NEWSoffice, and in a statement, said,among other things:"Our company is aware that therealways room and, perhaps, justgrounds for complaint and criticismof the service, and we believe thisresults eventually in good to theservice. The trouble here, as Jnother places, is that we cannot secure experienced operators to conduct the work, and are having thetime of our lives with 'students' whohave to be taught the intricacies ofthe work, and who, like all greenhands, do the best they can underthe circumstances. We are makingarrangements to have several experienced operators transferred fromother exchanges to the Paris office,and making other arrangements forbettering the service."It is our 'aim and our desire tohave the people of Paris given properservice, and we will not rest untilthisvis done. We assure the patronsof the local exchange 'that conditionshere will soon be adjusted for thebetter and that the best will be nonetoo good. We want the public tounderstand the difficulties underwhich we are working, and to ask fora suspension of judgment with the'assurance that all will be well in thefend."-i "VijSrt-uStunning $11 QODresses.... piMIOJersey Jumper &A QODresses . . . .P vOThe Latest Fall Apparel NowBeing ShownPARIS HIGH SCHOOL POOT BALLSCHEDULE 1921Midway at Paris, Friday, September 16th.Carlisle at Carlisle, Friday September 23rd.Georgetown at Georgetown, Friday,September 30 th.Cynthiana at Paris, .Friday, October 7th.Pineville at Paris, Friday, October14 th.St. Xaviers at Louisville, Saturday,October 2 2d.Kentucky University Model HfghSchool at Paris, Friday, October28 th.Game for November 4th has not yetbeen decided.Somerset at Paris, Saturday, November 12 th.Covington at Paris, Friday, November 18 th.Frankfort at Paris, Thursday, November 24th.ATTENTION, TOBACCO GROWERS.ALL WHO ARE DESIROUS OPSIGNING THE CO-OPREATIVEBURLEY TOBACCO MARKETINGASSOCIATION CONTRACT AREASKED TO CALL AT THE OFFICE 1AT THE COURT HOUSE, WHERETHEY WILL BE RECEIVED WITHATT, COURTESY. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE EVERONE IN PERSON. IF YOU ARE INTERESTEDIN THE CONTRACT TO THAT EXTENT, CALL AT THE OFFICE ANDSIGN UP. 26"tfoVFEATURING THEJfcosemary uressesDtRosemaryDresses$55.00Featured in the foremost fabrics andcolorings, they portray leading style ideasof master Parisian and American designers.These are the famous creations advertised inHarper's Bazaar, Vogue, Fashion Art andother magazines. Harry Simon is the exclusive distributor for Lexington.New Creations inPanne Velvet HatsIN BLACK AND COLORS, $4.98 to $25.00Beautiful Models of Irresistible Charm.High TypeDresses$24.98Canton Crepes, Crepe-Back Satins, Tailored Poirets, Chinchilla Crepes, RoshanaraCrepes, Tricotines and other fabrics, including Black Silk Crepes.September Offerings inFur Trimmed SuitsExtraordinary values amazingly underpriced$29.50 to $100.00Panvelaine, Duvet de Laine, Yalama,Veldyne, Tricotine, Suede Velour.Luxuriously trimmed with Mole, Beaverette, Nutria, Australian Opossum.Masterful styles newest colors.HARRY SIMON224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyWFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00-91TWO DECLARED INSANE .BIRTHS.REPORT OP THE CONDITION OF THEBOURBON-AGRICULTURALBANKSTRUSTCOIn the County Court yesterdayJudge George Batterton and a juryheard lunacy proceedinge in the casosof Lydia Huffman, white, and CarrieChiles, colored. In the first case the j doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, Statejury returned a verdict to the effect j tucky, at the close of business on 6th day of September, 1921.that she was of unsound mind and i TpcntTBm?onnt nanahlfi of takinsr farf nf hp.r e;-' RESOURCEState, and appointed a committee for joans and Discounts ?1,050,303.17of Ken-In Loss Angeles, California, onSeptember 1, to the wife of Mr. LouisTurner, formerly of Fans, a son.tliat purpose.Carrie Chiles was adjudged to beof unsound mind and ordered committed to the Eestern Kentucky Hospital for the Insane, at Lexington.POPULAR PARISIAN RE-APPOINT-ED AS SECRETARYAt the recent session of the Ken-w ' . i t-Mr. and Mrs. James Irvine, of tucky Annual Conference held innear CenterviHe, are the proud par- eomerset, Dennis V. Snapp, Paris, wasents of a son, born on September 8, re.elected t0 the position of Fieldat tneir xiuiut; near liicil yiauc. xucyoung heir has been named JamesRussell Irvine.Mr. and Mrs. Keith Phillips,formerly of Paris, are the happy parents of a fine son, born Saturdaynight, at the home of Mr. and Mrs.James S. Douglass, on Main street.Mrs. Phillips was formerly Miss Margaret Douglass, of Paris.. oAUTO SPEEDERS EINEDBusiness in the Police Court Saturday was good for Judge Martin andnot so good for a large number -fspeeders who were brought beforeHis Honor by Traffic Patrolmen Feeback and McGoldrick. The followingases were called and disposed of:Judge Lane, of Mt. Sterling, $10;Eugene Lair, $10; R. C. Haskel, ?5land costs; J. Miller ward, Jr., ?5iand costs; Franz, 'Montgomery, $5and costs; Earl McClure, $5 andosts; Charles Spears, $10; C. C.Fisher, $5 and costs; Denis Dundon,i?10; Albert Wright, Jr., ?10. MikeWalton, arrested by Patrolman Geo.M. Hill, charged with being drunlc,was fined ?5 and costs, and AnnaEnglish, charged with being drunkand disorderly, fined $10.Overdrafts, secured and unsecuredStocks, Bonds and other Securities.'. .. .... ... .. .Due from Banks '.Cash on hand . ;Checks and other cash itemsBanking House, Furniture and Fixtures8,546.1035,156.00 61,143.6115,000.00Total $1,182,466.32LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash $ 200,000.00Surplus Fund 125,000.00Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANSecretary for the Sunday School workin the Kentucky Conference f6r theensuing year.In giving his report for the pastvear. Mr. Snam stated: "In .illthere have been fifteen local SundaySchool Institutes held during theyear, eight 'Circuit Institutes, oneConference-w)ide Elementary Institute and one Conference StandardTraining School. Your Field Secretary has traveled over 6,846 miles,has been absent from home 134 days jand has made forty-five speeches, oavarious phases of Sunday Schoolwork, eliminating those made inconferences and mstitutes.".Mr. Snapp will continue to makehis headquarters in. Paris, withoffices ' in the Kentuckian-Citizenbuilding, on Bank Row.oPOULTRY CTJLLING DEMONSTRATION. Mr. J. H. Bardsley, poultry expertof the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station, will give a demontration of how to cull out the loaferhens from the layers this afternoonkt 2:30 p. m., at the home of Mr.Garrard Daugherty, on Mt. Airyavenue, and probably later in the afternoon at Mr. C. A. Duncan's, onSecond street. Those interested inlearning how to get rid of the slackers are welcome.Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid ....Deposits subject to check 583,242.68Demand Certificates of Deposit .... 5,131.57Time Deposits - 181,536.97Due Banks and Trust CompaniesReserved for taxesBills Payable45,278.12769,911.22-808.5421,468.4420,000.00White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tLExpertRepairs, -Battery ServiceStorage SuppliesCars WashedTotal $1,182,466.32STATE OF KENTUCKYpounty of Bourb"on Set."We, Buckner Woodford, Vice President, and B. J. Santen, Asst.Cashier, of the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the abov&statement is true to the best of our knowledge and belief.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Vice Pres.B. J. SANTEIST, Asst. Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th day of Sept., 1921LILLIAN HOUGH, Notary Public.My Commission expires January 17, 1922. vPUBLIC AUCTIONOFiDesirable Modern HomeWednesday, Sept. 21, at 2:30 p. m.On the above mentioned date we, as agents for 3VL J. Lavin, will offer:for sale his beautiful residence, located at the corner of Eighth and Walker Avenue.The house consits of six rooms, with halls, bath and pantry. It Is.heated by gas, illuminated by gas and electrcity. wIn addition to the aforementioned good qualities of this desirableresidence, it has a good, dry cellar, a large cistern 12x12, together witha full line of water works. rThe roof on the house is practically new, having been put on lastyear, the house newly painted, and rooms recently papered and painted.The outbuildings consist of .a large stable, containing two box stall3,a wagon shed, coal house, a storage room for feed, etc.; a splendid newgarage with concrete floor, and a macadamized driveway running fromthe street back to the garage.The lot lias 105 front, running back 235 feet, with 40 feet in therear.Taken altogether, this is a splendid up-to-date residence, whichshould delight the heart of onyone looking for a home. Located in oneof the best neighborhoods in town.For further information, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.ttt, I!t-$..i,,-41'&ri. r&Fs&tpm&iS,JL2$Lf"v'y--ix&krca3-i)Or,M JrULTDC 0r.V.&MHnYrftVitff irfrnjfi:i''TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1921'THE BOURBON NEWS. PAW8, KStfTUCKISOCIAL AND PERSONAL.' ")&Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseCOKE FOR TOBACCOSEE CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(septl3-tf)HOME-GROWN WATER MELONSAND CANTALOUPESWe are having the nicest homegrown watermelons and cantaloupesthat you ever saw. They are ripe,juicy and fresh from the patch everyday. Let us fill your orders.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o-APPROVES STOCK INCREASEAmong the many important documents approved at Frankfort, Friday,"by Secretary of State Fred A. Vaughnwere papers filed hy the Peoples'Building & Loan Association, ofParis, increasing capital stock from$200,000 to ?500,000.PALL HATSComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere. .SEE OUR $10.00 LINE OF PALLHATS.(9-4t) mrs. MAYME PARKER.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMO iTo-day, Tuesday, September 13,and to-morrow, Wednesday, September 14 The Laskey Players presentCecil B. DeMille's great production,"Something To Think About." Allstar cast, including Theodore Roberts,Gloria Swanson, Elliot Dexter andMonte Blue.NEW EIRE FIGHTER.Richard Moore, of East Eighthstreet, for some time with DaughertyBros., is now a full-fledged fireman,having donned the blue uniform Friday as a member of the Paris firedepartment. Mr. Moore succeedspermanently Spears Pendleton, resigned, who has moved to Cincinnatito reside. Mr. Moore's appointmentis a meritorous one, and tdds another heavyweight to the department's force of fire fighters.oSEED WHEAT FOR SALEBEARDED FULTZ SEED WHEAT,PHONE, CUMBERLAND 540NIGHT, 997 DAY. OLD R. B.HUTCHCRAFT ELEVATOR STAND.COLLIER BROS.oFENDS VALUABLE DIAMOND LOSTON ROAD.Among those who accompanied theDixie Highway motorcade to t Panslast Friday morning, was Dr. EdwardRichardson, a prominent dentist ofCorbin. Wjien at a point about fourmiles from Paris his car developedtire trouble. Dr. Richardson alightedto give the tire attention, and insome manner the cluster set in hisscarf pin, a large diamond, witha cluster of small ones, was tornfrom the pin. Dr. Richardson did notdiscover his loss until he came toParis.A diligent search of the machinefailed to turn up the missing game.At the suggestion of THE NEWSman, to whom Dr. Richardson wastelling his loss, he returned to theplace where he had alighted from thecar, and after a long and patientsearch, was rewarded by finding thediamonds uninjured.Mrs. I. "Wl. Bush and childrenhave returned from a visit to relatives in Tennessee.Miss Madeline Devere, of Newport, is a .guest of Miss MaryRourke, in this city.Miss Ailleen Sun has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to Miss Jessie Mae Fee, in Paris.Miss Pearl Dennison, of Winchester, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. A. R.Dennison, and Mr. and Mrs. LutherHall.Misses Lucy and Matilda Ferguson, of near 'Paris, were guests Jastweek of Miss Louise Marvin, in Lexington.Jeff C. Denton has returned from'w w w w ZMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedSatrday from the office of the Fayette County Clerk, at Lexington, toThomas E. Gilmore, 32, receivingclerk, Lexington, and Miss LouiseKenney, 26, of Paris.WEST SAUNDERSMiss Elva West and SterlingSaunders, both of Bourbon county,were married in Mt. Sterling, Friday,at the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Mt. Sterling Baptistchurch, and former pastor of theParis church.SAGASE FEEBACKn. "nrntrnotprt stav in "MrrVi nvr-nii-nr.where he has been attending the to-' sn aese0r: f1' and Mlssbacco sales' Minnie Feeback, 21, both of nearMrs. Thomas Buckner and Mi5s ' Jacksonville, Bourbon county, wereNell Mahoney have returned from a arried. Friday by County Judgevisit to Mrs. J. H. Reister, in Cyn-1 Kins m hls Private office in thethiana. v-vuxl uuuoc ai ummna. xixvy win-t -- -. - . ... I rP-Qidp at the Tinmp nf thtt crmnmivir. ana Mrs. ju. ir. TacKett navereturned to their home in St. Louis,Mo., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Edward Faries, in this city.B. F. Laudrum and wife, J. J.Payne and wife, and" Miss PansyPayne, of Warsaw, Ky., are guests ofMr. and Mrs. J. WJalter Payne.Mrs. J. C. Clark, who has beenreside at tne nome or the groom,who is farming near Jacksonville.GILMORE KENNEYThe marriage of Thomas E. Gilmore, of Lexington, and Miss LouiseKenney, of Paris, took place Saturday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, atfho inmo nf -fhtx nfftointintr rmnictorvery ill at the Massie Memorial Hos-Rev. T. C. Ecton, pastor of the Calpital, has recovered sufficiently to be ;vary Baptist church, in Lexington.leuiuvcu iu uer apartment in me tIipv warp, annomnanied hv MissRobneel building.Mrs. W. L. Clark and daughter,Mrs. Mary Logan Clark, of Los Angeles, Cali., arrived here Saturday,called by the serious illness of Mrs.C. J. Clark, at her home on Stoneravenue.Mrs. Earl Curtis and children,Catherine Kenney, sister of the bride.Mrs. R. H. Patterson and Miss AdaMaher. pThe bride is a popular young business woman, having been a memberof the Bourbon Lumber Co.'s clericalforces. She is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Robert P. Kenney,- of SouthAuua ueaii auu uaiueuue v,uie, ui ,- aroot Mr fi-ilmnro is con-fr "M? 'n-hected with th. Lexington Phimbin?Supply Company. Tney win resiaeents, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Robertin Nicholasville, while Mr. Curtis isin North Carolina on a business mission. Mrs.' Edward W. Fithian andson, Edward Fithian, Jr., who havebeen guests of Mrand Mrs. CharlesN. Fithian, at their home on Pleasant street, returned Saturday nightto their home in Huntington, West.Virginia.Misses Lucille and ElizabethCaywood, of North Middletown, matriculated yesterday at Belmont College, in Tennessee. Miss FrancesThomason, also of North Middletown,entered Hamilton College, in Lexing-Kon, as a student. .Charles Knowe, who has been aguestt of John VanMeter Woodford, at his home on theWinchester pike, near Paris, hisat 414 NorthLexington.Limestone street, inoRELIGIOUS.At the annual Conference of theMethodist church, held in Somerset,last week, Russell C. Evans, son ofMr. and Mrs. Albert C. Evans, ofParis, was fully accepted by BishopCollins Denny, as a member of theConference.The Georgetown Presbyterianchurch is making preparations forbuilding an $18,000 addition to the'church edifice. Plans of a Lexingtonarchitect for the work have been ac-returned to his home in Chicago, -cepted. The remodeling will includeMr. Knowe and Mr. Woodford were a large two-story annex on Mulberryschoolmates at Culver Military Acad- street the first floor to include sixemy. cass rooms, pastor's study andRev. and Mrs, Carl Agee and kitchenette. The second floor willdaugter, Miss Wilma Agee, of Nicho-! have a large assembly room to ac-lasville, have gone to New Haven, ' commodate 150 peopleConn., where Rev. Agee will take aspecial course of study at Yale University. Rev. Agee was formerly pastor of the Little Rock Christianchurch, in this county.Misses Anna Catherine YoungELECTION IS OVERTHE ELECTION IS OVER. LET'SGET DOWN TO BUSINESS AGAIN.COME IN AND LIST YOUR PROP-and Charlina Young, of Bourbon ERTY TOR TAXATION RIGHTcounty, are guests of their grand- AWAY. THIS IS VERY IMP0Rjnother, Mrs. J. N. Hawkins, at her TANTMRS. WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JOHN J. REDMON,(aug9-tf-T) Deputy.home on West Third street, in Lexington, while their parents, Mr. andMrs. Tolliver Young, are attendingthe State Fair at Louisville.Mr. John Merringer attended theTwilight Ceremonial given in Louisville last week at the JeffersonCounty Armory, when seventy-onecandidates were initiated into themysteries of Jthe Shriner Degree. I 1,500 feet of second-hand weatherMrs. Merringer accompanied her hus- i boarding, in good condition for saleGRANT RICHMOND,For SaleLARD SPECIALWE ARE NOW OFFERINGSWIbTS SILVER LEAF LARD IN50-LB. TINS, NET WEIGHT, AT$6.50. THIS IS A FINE BUY.BETTER GET YOURS NOWi.PARIS BAKING COMPANY,I. L. GLASS, Manager.oMOTORCADE PASSES THROUGHParis was on the map Friday fora visit from the Dixie Highwavtourists, bound for Cincinnati, butthe "cade" didn't even wabble intheir journey through. They passedthrough all "right, turning intoEighth street, out the Cynthianapike, which, of course, was the original program, the route having beendetermined by pathfinding cars.Rudolph Davis, representing theCommercial Club, was stationed atthe corner of Main and Eighthstreets, from -which point he directedthe motorcade into Eighth street.Several belated cars stopped over mParis, while the tourists inspectedthe city, and admired Bourboncounty's handsome court house andother buildings.A reception program prepared bythe Paris Commercial Club for entertainment of the visitors was putin the discard after it was learnedthat the proposed visit of the tourists 'would be like an airplane visit, rapid and with no stop-overs allowed.band, making the trip in tneir automobile.The Bourbon county party incamp at Vedun, in Powell county,Tins returned, after having had a delightful stay in camp. The partywas composed of Mr. and Mrs. S. E.Bedford and children, Miss SaraLouise and S. E. Bedford, Jr., Mr.and Mrs. Clay Gaitskill, Mr. RaymondStamler. all of Paris. Other members(It)119 14th Street.For SaleOne new Avery 8-16 tractor withpilot guide and Grand Detour liinch 2-bottom plow. Price, $600, Ifof the party were Misses Emma Fish- j taken at onceNOTICE!THERE WtTLL BE A MEETING 01?STOCKHOLDERS OF BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.. AT THE'COURT HOUSE, ON TUESDAY.SEPTEMBER 20, AT 2:30 O'CLOCK,J. M. ALL STOCKHOLDERS BEQUE0TD TO BE PRESEHT.i ED. BURKE, Preiident.l-2t)er, of Cynthiana, Elizabeth Hartford,of Shebyville.'and Margaret Frazier,of Louisville.Mr. John Kriener, of Paris, entertained delightfully with a dinnerbridge Saturday afternoon at thePhoxenix Hotel, in Lexington, inhonor of Mrs. Minerva Embry Goodwin and Mr. John David Allen, whosemarriage will take place at highnoon on October 8, at ShakertownInn. The" table was decorated withpink gladiolis and in the game ofbridge after dinner three handsomeprizes were awarded. The guestswere Mrs. Goodwin, Mr. Allen; Mr.and Mrs. James G. Metcalfe, MissesOllie and -Loraine Butler, Messis.Woodford Buckner, Clarence K.Thomas and Charlton Clay, of Paris,and Craig-Culbertson, of Louisville;Mrs. William Sudduth Barnes, MissMary Bacon Harrison, Mr. and Mrs.James M. Ross, Mrs William Stoll,Jr and Julian Estill, of Lexington.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay and Mrs.J C. Turner, of Paris, attended theentertainment given in Richmondby Mrs. W H. Wooten and . MinSMary Belle Fielder, in honor of MissJulia Shepherd, of Galveston, Texas,and Miss Elizabeth Field Hume, ofRichmond.(Other Personals on Page 3)STEERING GEAR BREAKSWhile coming to Paris, on theNorth Middletown pike, -early yesterday morning, Mr. and Mrs. JohnMaher had a narrow escape from serious injury when the steering rodof the machine in which they wereriding, broke," causing the car toplunge into a telephone pole on theside of the road.The force of the impact broke thepole down and badly bent the fenderand part of radiator or xne car. mio.Maher's hand was cut by striking apiece of glass. Mr. Maher escaped!injury. Another car was secured andthe damaged car .sent to a garageJ. S.(sept-13-8t)WILSON & BRO.,Paris, Ky.It's Autumn now.Summer weatherand summer wearare fastdisappearing.How about yourFall Suit?We are showingsome beautiesnow inour windows,priced at$32.50, $35,! 1$39.50 and$45. .Autumn Hatsto match 'em.AW 'WIf it comesfrom Iecvisit is ridhtONCE UPONTIME(Not So Very Long Ago)It took a huge bank roll and a strong heart to buy aSuit, Hat, Shirt, Etc.. for dad and the boys.(It is now different, especially at our store. It is just about possible to clothethree men for what it used to cost one.We are now proving this fact many times every day to those who have adesire to be well dressed and have that "Grand and Glorious Feeling" that theyhave saved a nice sum.FOR MEN$15, $18, $20Will Buy a Suit or Overcoat! That would have cost twice as much a-auurt wniie ago.Work and Dress Shoes$2.50 TO $8.50with guaranteed milage.Work and Dress Shirts59 CENTS TO $3.50m Variety enough to suit everybody.FOR BOYS. $10.00 ,Will Buy Suitsthat cannot be matched in value anywhere. (We have sold more boys thisyear than ever before. 'There's .a reason.")ShoesConstructed to withstand rough service$2.50 TO $5.45WE HAVE THE OTHER THINGS THATEVERY BOY NEEDSIMPORTANTNOTICECotlon fabrics are advancing. Every mailbrings us notice tof this.As long as our stocklasts we will maintainour present low prices.LEWIS WOUSTEINTWIN BROS.' MEN'S STOREIT WILL PAYYOUTo buy your Overalls,Shirts, Trousers, 'GumBoots, Etc, from us.We carry a big stockand low prices prevail.mwiwtTm-m vI - ss B IHllIfl1111)11COLUMBIA NO. E. 2$85Unquestionably this is the best machine in the worldto-day for the money. Complete in all respects. Straighttone arm, non-set automatic stop and all the principlefeatures of the higher priced machines.4Theybe HigherGet Yours To-dayHear the New Columbia RecordsTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakinglliS .Pfi4.sr-IJfor. repairs. s . --af!'mJf f w. mm. Vv r .r pagb scrTH? BOURBON MPW5 PARIS, KENTUCKYTuesday, axPTKKBas n, lm,I iHi'Q!ii1 m11i i! IaBTEISGENT STJIDfG-KADESTATE HEALTH BUREAUBYSupplementing a rejcent opinionIn which lie held that druggists -whosell patent medicines that have beenadvertised from wagons in "the straitthe advertisers naming the druggistsfrom whom the nostrums could be.obtained, are subject to prosecution.Elwood Hamilton, attorney for th-:State Board of Health, now has han ied Dr. A. T. McCormack, State HealthOfficer, another opinion in which h&cays that the person advertising thenostrums from the wagon also is subject to .prosecution.This opinion is based on the lawwhich states that vendors of patentmedicines must pay $100 for theirlicenses and then proceeds tostrengthen this by declaring that itis immaterial whether the patentmedicine is sold by the vendor or otherwise. "Such a sale," Mr. Hamilton su lmed up the situation, "would undoubtedly subject the person advertising the medicines from the wagon-to a penalty for failure to procurea license before making the sale.",In this connection the KentuckyDruggist, the official organ of theKentucky Pharmaceutical Association, contains this editorial comment:"The writer agrees with Dr. Mcrvvrnva Mr tu?t -nn remitable drueerist.would be a party to any scheme thatwould assist an itinerant vendor todistribute his worthless nostrums.But this profession, like others, contains weak brothers who can not resist clinching the almighty dollar,even if there is a question of theirabiding by the law. It is for thebenefit of our weaker brothers thatwe bring this matter before the druggists of the State."o 'iCold in the Head"Is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the inflammation andrestoring normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.LETTING POLKS KNOWIt is no uncommon sight, especially in the middle west, in ridingthrough the country to see roadsidestands in front of farm houses onwhich various farm products, suchas fruit, pumpkins, melons and tomatoes are displayed. It seemsstrange, remarked one man not longago, that so few of the farmers takethe pains to tell about their waresin an ad in the local papers. Itwould bring many an automobileJ party to their door.EARLY TRIALS FOR CRIMINALSADVOCATED .TH E' U.N IAUE R S A IiCA'RFORD CARSAre Now Selling at Present Prices,Delivered Here:Roadster, regular $377.86Roadster, self-starter, demountable rims... $477.28Touring, regular r $409.55Touring, self-starter, demountable rims $508.52Coupe $659.50Sedan $727.18Chassis, regular $341.48Chassis, self-starter, demountable rims $438.85Tauch $495.21Now is the Time to Buy a CarRUGGLESiMOTOR COMPANYGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTHDay137TELEPHONESNight299i""mi11 utT ti t .. Tf TMtitn ui nmmmmWomen" Use Long DistanceMany women who utilize the telephone inthe home so efficiently for housekeepingand local social matters do not realizethat it has the samelong distance reachas the Bell telephone in the business office.' Friends and relatives in distant cities cant " fre reached quickly at small" cost by longfy 'distance telephone after 8:30 o'clock atnight.; " The station to station service saves youI' from 20 to 75 per cent on your calls.Ask Long Distance for rates and try thisService.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated.)CINCINNATI, OHIO, Sept. 9.The history of organized governmentdemonstrates that the speedy -trial ofcriminal cases and the swift aridcertain punishment of criminaleffects a reduction in the volume ofcrime, JEdwin W. Sims, president ofthe Chicago Urime commission toldthe American Jb$ar Association at itsmeeting here recently. '"On the other hand," Mr. Sims continued, "increased crime followsclosely on the heels of delayed trialsand deferred punishment. In short,crime increases or decreases in theproportion that punishment is swiftand certain. The speed with -whicha crime is punished has a great dealmore to do with the preservation oflaw and order- than the severity ofpunishment."Criminal laws bear close analogyto natural laws. A child puts its handin the fire but once. One experienceis sufficient. It is not necessary thatthe injury be severe."Existing criminal laws jn Americaare the evolution of centuries of practical experience. v As they have beendeveloped, they are invaluable. Thereare those, however, who attack thetheoryof punishment and who, contending crime is a disease, recommendand urge that punishment be abolished and some other form of treatmentsubstituted. It is a grave mistake tointerfere in any way with, impede orhamper the enforcement of existinglaws which have been centuries in development at least until the experiment has been tested thoroughly andfound to be practical."Three years ago the Chicago Association of Commerce appointed andfinanced a crime commission. It doesnot of itself undertake the apprehension nor the prosecution of criminals,The commission limits its activity toan investigation of crimes of violence,murder, burglary and robbery. Itearly reached the conclusion that theprincipal avenue of escape was the delay in the trial of "criminal cases."The commission was organized inthe year 1919. Data collected forthat year showed there were 110 murers to 1,000,000 of population in Chicago, as against nine to the 1,000,000in Great Britain and thirteen to1,000,000 in Canada. This meantthat during 1919 there were moremurders in Chicago with a populationof 3,000,000 than in the British Isleswith a population of 40,000,000."For years in Great Britain andCanada, murder cases generally havebeen disposed within sixty or ninety jdays, in American cities there -practically are no murder cases beingtried within ninety days."April 1, 1920, 135 persons previously indicted for murder wereawaiting trial in Chicago. In 104cases the accused were at liberty onbond. The situation was brought tothe attention of the courts and officials by the Crime Commission withthe result that four Judges, then inthe civil courts, volunteered to sit inthe Criminal court and try cases untilthe murder docket was cleared." Thetrial of these cases resulted in sentencing of twelve to hang and twelve tothe penitentiary for from one year tonie.Murder Rate Cut In Half"The effect on the number of murders in Chicago was electrical. Immediately the murder rate theredropped 51 per cent, where it hassince remained. The record for thefirst ?even months of each of the lastthree years is as follows:1919 2321920 871921 IIIZIl91"In compiling its report on continuances, the Crime Commission ranacross a case and in December 1919,eight and one-half years after thecrime was committed, the defendantwas placed on trial. The evidenceseemed tcTbe convincing and the casewas ably presented by the "prosecutingattorney, notwithstanding which thejury returned a verdict of 'not guilty.'liv jurors in explaining howthey came to reach that verdict in theface of the evidence presented, statedthey felt there was some reason,which was being withheld from them,for the nearly nine-year delay .andthat under such peculiar circumstances they concluded to return averdict of "not guilty."fr- VyOcCJJf )&uiC" 4TJULl TOU&EXS.AL CARSEPTEMBER 2, 1921lr I r)WHERE WERE HIS INSIDEBRACES?A certain Congressman once votedfor a mischevious measure. He knewthat he was doing wrong, but hestifled his conscience in obedience tcthe demands of political evpediency.Not long afterwards, while on a visitto his home, he met an old friend onthe street. After they had exchangedgreetings, the friend frankly told theCongressman how much disappointedhe was by that vote."You voted wrong on that question, John," 'said the friend. "Youknew it was wrong. How did youhappen to vote that way?"Well, yes," admitted the Congressman, reddening, "I'm afraid itwas not the right way to vote. Butyou have no idea what pressure waabrought to brearon me.""Pressure!" echoed t the friend."But man, where were the insidebraces?"The question was a scorchinsr onrit mercilessly exposed the Congress-mans weakness. No character isstrong that is not butteressed withprinciples and convictions. Withoutthem any man's character will crumble into pitiful ruin whenever thepressure from without becomes at allsevere. tAnnouncement!Mr. Edsell B. Ford, President of the Ford MotorCompany, makes the following announcement:9"We are making another reduction in the prices of Ford carsand the Ford truck, effective today. The new prices average $70.00f under former prices, and are the lowest at which Ford cars andtrucks have ever been sold. List prices, F. O. B. Detroit, are nowas follows:Amount of" Now Price Old Price ReductionChassis $295 $345 SORunabout 325 370 45Touring Car 355 415 60 'Truck 445 495 v 50Coupe 595 695 100Sedan 660 760 100"This is the third price cut during the past twelve months. OnSeptember 22, 1920, the price of the Ford touring car was reducedfrom $575 to $440; 'June 7th to $415, and now to $355, makingtotal reductions in this type of $220, or 38 per cent. The sameproportionate reductions have been made in all other types. One -yearago the price of the Ford sedan was $975; today it lists at$660 with the same equipment."We are taking advantage of every known economy in themanufacture of our products in order that we may give them to thepublic at the lowest possible price, and by doing that we feel thatwe are doing the one big thing that will help this country into moreprosperous times. People are interested in prices, and are buyingwhen prices are right."The production of Ford cars and trucksjfor August again brokeall previous records with the total reaching 117696. This is thefourth consecutive month in which our output has gone over thehundred thousand mark, the total forthe four months being 463,074,which has gone a long way in making possible the present reduc-tions. June this year, with an output of 1 17,247, was the previousrecord month.One noteworthy feature of our sales is the increased demandfor Fordftrucksand cars for salesmen. This class of commercialbusinesses been gradually increasing the past sixty days and weinterpret if as a veryjgoocl sign of improvement in general business."No reduction has been made in the price of the Fordson tractor, and none is contemplated." 9N Go over thesenewfprices! See how little it costs to become the ownerof aFord car or a Ford truck. CaiTyou reallyafford to do without one any longer?!Let us tell -youmore about it, and advise you regarding the delivery of theparticular type of car in which youare interested.RHGGLESMotor CompanyREPUBLICANS PLAN ACTIVECAMPAIGN: a mm :Republicans from all parts of thetalk over with candidates for Senatorstalk over with candilates for Senatorsand representatives plans for conducting an active campaign this fallin all the close districts of Kentucky.The meeting was attended by Senator-Ernst,Governor Morrow, Chesley H. Searcy, National Committeeman, Congressman John W. Langleyand J. M. Robinson, together withseveral members of the State CentralCommittee.All candidates for the General Assembly appeared before the leadersand told of the prospects of successin their respective districts this fail.Leaders said after the meeting theparty "would surely control the nextSenate and break even in theHouse."KKBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ' 1Telephone No. 4 West Fif h StreetKJust Like a Relative.it! little girl, being asked at theidoee of her, first day at school howhe liked her teacher, replied: Jdon't like her at all. She's just assaucy to me as mv mnfhi tsTranscript, ' " . " .-CAHAL BROS.BAEBEE SHOP4 WHITE BAEBERS 4?JModern EquipmentExpert and Polite SerriteHOT AH) COLD BATHSfiiTrt1 raummmmvMMfimWl IJ WS&&VW r KScfeM5g33&I i . , 5feL " J '! Ww::rlRITIQFIlP.TiniliW uni luinuiiuil fpsrF rum nnTuiirAniMuuit WAlLnwUKUI IM With all the latest improve-T ments in laundry appliances 1v m ana expert neipers we are& prepared to do work infe- I;m rior to none, and snlimfr 5js your patronage. gThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyPatronize Bourbon Newf Arfrerrberj.JI y -v,A L-HL1 i ii ii " jlTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 19233THB BOURBON NKWS, PARIS, XftftTUCKfPAGBUWiiYoung Women Train for NursemaidsOne year course of Practical and Theoretical instruction. PAID"WHILE TRAINING. Board, room and laundry furnished. Requirements,frrammer School Education. Address:SUPERINTENDENT CHILDRENS' HOSPITAL,(sept6-8t) Mt Auburn, Cincinnati, 0.TURNER & CLAYTONHIGH GRADE STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES334 Main Street Cumb. Phone 423Don't Overlook FELD'S Shoe StoreWhen ready for your fall and winter footwear. xWE CAN PLEASE YOU IN QUALITY AND PRICELEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING"""""iii""""i"itMlTHE studious caregiven by us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.Im;tt?tf '.: u;nill Mrr-n mtiisCrU3fMIMPORTANT STAKESOf the Annual Fall Meeting atLATONIA(Convenient to Cincinnati)Sept. 3rd to Oct. 8thLatoniHandicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, one mile and a sixteenth, Saturday, September 3.Autumn Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, six furlongs, Monday, September 5.Covington Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-oldsand upward, one mile and three-sixteenths, Saturday,September 10.Fort Thomas Handicap, $5,000' added, 2-year-olds, sixfurlongs, Saturday, September 17.Latonia Championship Stakes, $15,000 added, for 3yea6Tds7 one mile and three-quarters, Saturday, September 17. v C - VTwin City Handicap, c $5,000 added, for 3-year-oldsand upward, one mile and five furlongs, Saturday, September 24.Queen City Handicap, $10,000 added, for 2-year-olds,one mile, Saturday, October 1.Latonia Cup, $7,500 added, for 3-year-olds and upward, two piles and a quarter, Saturday, October 8.- These rich fixtures and a correspondingly liberal' policy throughout mark a season of racing, planned in theinterests of horsemen and public alike. The Fall 'Meeting at Latonia has attracted the best horses in training.Any day's program will be worth f traveling miles to see.KENTUCKY JOCKEY CLUBINCORPORATEDLATONIA, KY COURSEBRINGS HER HEALTHAND HAPPISSJOOFor a Whole Year This LouisvilleWoman Did Not Know aWell Day"For a year I didn't know whatit was to have a well day, so I knowhow to appreciate the splendid healthTanlac has brought me," said Mrs.Florence Krauss, 419 South Shelbystreet, Louisville."It was just about a year ago thatmy appetite began to fail and afterevery meal, no matter how little Iate, I began to suffer discomfort. Mycondition kept growing worse steadily and finally my nerves. gave wayand I got little rest either day ornight."I can say for Tanlac that it hasbrought me health, strength andhappiness. I gained ten pounds inthree weeks time and for the firsttime in over a year I have strengthenough to do my house work. I feelthat life is worth living again."Tanlac and Tanlac Vegetable Pillsare sold by all leading druggists.(adV)18TH AMENDMENT "UNPARDONABLE," IS BISHOP'S OPINION"To me, the writing into our constitution of the Eighteenth Amendment was unpardonable," said theRight Rev. Thomas F. Galliher, Episcopal Bishop of Tennessee, on theeve of the fourth conference of theprovince of the Pacific of the Episcopal church, at Salt Lake City,Utah. "Bishop Galiher also discussed theLeague of Nations, rejection ofwhich by the United States "wasnothing but a denial of every principle for which this country went towar.""Prohibition is a delicate question, he said, "but I always have asserted my belief and never haveevaded a question. Wlhen the saloons were going, the church wasmaking headway against what evilthere was in liquor. To my mind itwas nothing short of hysteria thatput over a restriction which couldnot help to suppress that evil."oMAMany Pangs That Pass For Rheumatism Are Really Due toWeak KidneysIt is rheumatism?Not every pain is.Weak kidneys let uric acid collect. Uric acid causes many queer pains.In the thigh it's sciatica;In the back, lumbago;In the nerves, neuritis.Gout, gravel, dropsy are urictroubles.When you suspect the kidneys useDoan's Kidney PillsThe home-recommended remedy.Paris testimony is the best proof.Ask your neighbor.Read this Paris woman's story:Mrs. J. N. Reynolds, 255 Winchester street, says: "I have foundDoan's Kidney Pills to do mev moregood than any remedy I have everused and I recommend them highly.I suffered from rheumatic pains andkidney trouble. I could always tellwhen the weather was; going tochange, as my limbs would becomevery painful. I would become dizzy,especially when -I first got up in themorning. My kidneys were not acting regularly, either. I was not longin getting relief after I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills and felt betterin every way after using, them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Reynolds had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oOUR NATIONAL PROBLEMSBwbon News Advertisers Get ResultsOur national problems are our individual problems, multiplied aboutone hundred million times. Thereare that many people in the UnitedStates. .If we live beyond our means, wbecome hard up.If we squander our money on foolish things, we find it difficult to buythe necessary things.If we fail to guard our health, vebecome ill. 'If we continually try to get thebest of our neighbors, they becomesuspicious of us and we have nofriends.If we go about with a chip on ourshoulders, we have to be on the lookout for a fight.The things that are the. matterwith us as a nation are merely thethings that are the matter with usas individuals.And the rules of conduct that willinsure us peace and prosperity as individuals will also insure us peaceand prosperity as a nation.- t ' . mA man out west uunched a rattleQTinVft with a fountain uW to see if itwaVillte. NItS?a? andnow thai-ALL CROPS AFFECTED BY DRYWEATHER(Business "Review)New crops are an indication ofnew wealth and while recent cropreturns are in some instances disappointing, a better feeling is evidentin the farming districts. Farmerscontinue to practice economy andthey are confining their purchasesto necessities.According to latest reports of theUnited States Department of Agriculture, the winter wheat crop ofthe whole United States now standsat 542,600000 bushels, which is36,000,000 bushels less than lastyear and 30,000,000 bushels under afive year average. The UnitedStates yield per acre is 14 bushels ascompared with 15.3 bushels lastyear.The corn crop, although affected bydrought, is in good condition-in mostparts of the country and. at presentis far enough advanced that a verygood yield is assured. Recent rainfall has caused this important cropto improve rapidly throughout Ohio.In Kentucky the early crop has beenseverely injured, but the later planting is making a better showing. InPennsylvania the crop is reported tobe in fine condition in nearly allsections.Oats threshing is still in progress.The yield is reported as unsatisfactory and .generally below average.The stand in many fields has beentoo short to cut with the binder andhas been cut for hay. Heads arepoorly filled and the grain is light.Hay and pastures are reported in faircondition. Present prospets are thatthe Irish potato yield will be belownormal.Although Burley tobacco has beenseverely damaged by drought, thereis still much of the crop that willmake a fair yield if given favorableweather. Since the Blue Grass section is principally a farming community, the decrease acreage in theBurley crop has caused the demandfor farm labor to slow up.SHOCK KILLS WINNER OF 80CENTS AT RACESThe excitement of watching ahorse win 80 cents for him provedfatal to W. E. O'Connell, 814 Hartstreet, Cincinnati, who fell dead ofheart disease at the Latonia race jtrack Saturday afternoon.O'Connell, who was 35 years old,had a place bet on Harvest King andwas standing close to the rail 10 iwatch the finish. When the horsoscame under the wire with HarvestKing in second place O'Connell collapsed and Coroner R. Lee Bird, La-1tonia, who examined the body, saidthat he evidently had died instantly.Harvest King paid $2.80 for ?2on the place bet.vFIFTH AT RACICINCINNATIInvite You ToVisit Their NewFIFTH FLOORPOPULAR PRICEDDRESSSECTIONWhere Dresses of Character? ("Copies" of Higher-Priced ModM)Are Offered At"Every Woman's Prices"5 $20'J ' No Higher .-ffThousands of beautiful New Autumnand Winter Creations are now ondisplay . . . models for every woman,and miss styles for every "occasionand requirement ... in every fashionable fabric and coloring.All Sizes from 14 up to 50ft.r"""" v -.mrii itiimniiitiQJour(?fieccs.KM iSSr andTTre-Proofilia &m x Jwag- 0001 Wguarded, toojrSaferST our Bank we use every knowrimethod for protection ofour depositors. We have adopted theProtectu Check Systern for the benefit of our depositors so that the amountof their checks may be safeguarded against being "raised"should they be lost, stolen, or fall into dishonest hands." With the Protectu Check System, you can write yourcheck for a given amount and by a cutter attached to thecover, you can then tear off the check at the desiredamount like a money order. No check raiser can thenraise, your check for five to five hundred or ten to onehundred dollars.These new Protectu Checks are supplied to all ourdepositors with checking accounts without costIf you are considering opening a checking account, callat our bank and see this improved service that we an j ?furnishing our. patrons.SPECIAL SIZE CHECK BOOKS FOR BUSINESS USE VfSJAUM-' PRACTICAL FOR POCKET, DESK, AND PAY ROLL U$t .w WE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSQh dnberytfiing(Possibleto Protect'xtepQsftcmPeoples Deposit Bankr . V& Trust Coi"i P' jlv --T4o , "Iliiman's isn't.'Irffc i ,- '"- " " 4fiJt - Vf t -f-n T-Jr----frtAm!ypm' . jwpvWrtk.V W-siMtop.J fh.i:. !L ... v -:iJMjb w, , ' ' , f.r. & I r , .rVN&tfaUB-tIfr-c8tr ,rrV',j '4PAGE EIGHT.rM1LLERSBURGMrs. Coons, of Moorefleld, is theguest of Mrs. Emma Berry.Miss Mildred Collier, of Paris, isTisiting Miss Elizabeth Pruitt.Miss Irene Hardie, of "Winnipeg,Canada, is a guest of friends here.Mrs. Sarah Thorn remains in acritical condition from a fracturedlip.Mr. W. G. Dailey has returnedfrom a professional visit to Cincinnati. Dr. C. C. Fisher attended theConference of the M. E. Church, atSomerset.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Thomasonleft Sunday for Louisville to attendike State Fair.Mrs. Urban Swinford, of Carlisle, is visiting her parents, Mr. and34rs. J. H. Carpenter.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball are visiting their son, Clarence Ball, andfamily, of Louisville.Dr. H. C. Burroughs has return-FALLSUITSFORMENANDYOUNGMENWe are pleased toinform you that ourFall Suits have arrivedin the lates styles andcolors. Stripes, Tweedsand Herringbones inGrey and Brown.$25.00$30.00$35.00$40.00Price & Co.Clothiersand Furnishersed from an extended visit with, hisdaughter, in Springfield, Mass.Mrs. Tonie Zoellers and children have returned from a visittyith relatives at London, Ely.Miss Caroline Mclntyre and Proctor Wood, were week-end guests ofMr. and Mrs. Byron McMurtry, ofCynthiana.Mr. B. F. Lancaster and wifehave moved from Covington to thi3place and have taken rooms withMrs. Robert "VWilson.Mrs. J. B. Cray and .Master Jas.B. Leer have returned from a visitwith the former's sister, Mrs. W. S.Judy, in Lexington.John Letton has returned to hishome in Atlanta, Ga., after a visitwith his mother and sister, Mrs. Jennie Letton and Miss Leona Letton.FOR SALFi A No. 1 good piano,in good condition. Has Been usedvery little. Call Home Phone 14,Millersburg, Ky.At the Bluegrass Fair, Thursday, Letton Vimont took several premiums on his saddle horses. He shipped them to Louisville, Saturday, tothe State Fair.Protracted meeting which hasbeen in progress for two weeks atBaptist church, conducted by Rev.Boozer, assisted by Rev. White, closed Sunday evening with five additions. .We regret to learn of the deathof Miss Sue Rice at the home of hersister, Mrs. Bdsell Clarke, of LittleRock. She was a sister of Miss Elizabeth Rice, teacher in High SchooloTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAMSr KENTWCJCY..wJXR-urj,TUJBSDAT,.SBBTBMBWI1S, lfJUi i rxr 'i x mam-, i m ijui ef gen y-" J - Akf s rjLi - ' -. . s '-g--l IC TMZATREX I II AND I f (OPERA HOUSpkX I i2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0s30To-day and Tomorrow September 13th and 14thJESSE L. LASKY PRESENTSCecil B. De Mi He's Production'SomethingtoThinkAbout'A picture that peers deeply into human hearts and unfolds a wonderful drama made from thejoys and sorrows of ordinary life. Strikingly different in theme from anything De Mille hasdone in the past, but, like his previous splendid successes, sumptuously produced and directedwith the genius of a master. An inspiring entertainment treat ! ..HUTCHISON ITEMSMiss Josie Alexander is a guestof friends and relatives in Flemingcounty.Hutchison people were liberalpatrons of the Bluegrass Fair at Lexington last week.Dr. and Mrs. O. L. Frye and children spent Sunday in Spencer countyas guests of Dr. Frye's mother.Misses Ruth' and Ruby Brooksand Mary Frakes attended the funeraland burial of Miss Gladys Herrin, inParis.; Mrs. Roy Dejarnett and daughter, Miss Elizabeth, are visiting Mrs.Dejarnette'8 parents, in Spencercounty.j Miss Louise Current has .returned to her home in Frankfort, after' a visit to her sister, Mrs. RussellParrent.Mrs. Charles "vYJestfall and chil-AMITRADERSvWITH A GREAT CAST, INCLUDINGGloria Swanson Elliott DexterTheodore Roberts Monte BlueA PARAMOUNT PICTUREADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR t AX, 20cIIPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jin. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. Wj. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921THE PRIDE OF PARIS"DANCE FROCKSANDEVENING DRESSESFOR THE GIRL GOING AWAY OR THE ONEWHO STAYS THE CHARM OF THESE LOVELYFROCKS WILL APPEAL TO EVERY GIRL WHOCRAVES "A DREAM OF A DRESS"IN THE NEW SHADES OF ORCHID FLAMEROSE PEACH BLACK CIEL BLUETHESE DRESSES WERE PURCHASED SPECIALLY AND WILL BE SHOWN AT OURdren have returned to their home inLexington, after a visit to Mrs. D. 0.Earlywine.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Ledford andfamily have returned to their homenear Carlisle, after a visit at theof Mr. and Mrs. Nathan LInville.Mrs. Robert Blankenship andlittle daughter, Sallie Mae, havegone to Midway for a visit with theformer's father, Mr. Tiny Graves.Mr. J. H. Jones and sister, MissAlmeta Jones, of Pilot View, Clarkcounty, were recent guests of Mr. andMrs. Charles Jones, in this vicinity.Miss May Frakes, of Centerville,and Miss Frances Case, of North Miridletown, were guests of Misses Ruthand Ruby Brooks, for the week-end.Friends here are glad to learnthat Private Leo Kerns, "who hasbeen stationed at Camp Knox, has received his honorable discharge, andis now at the home of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Kern, of Escon-dida.COUNTRY PAPER'S POWERDr. Shaller Mathews, famous dean,of the divinty school of the University of Chicago, is one of the latestto express his belief in the missionof the country newspaper. He saysit has an opportunity for servicewhich will put life into rural districts and tend toward prosperityand contentment.I?Sheriffs SaleSTATE OF KENTUCKY,COUNTY OF BOURBON.tiMrs. Mary E. Taylor PlaintiffVs.Holmes Smart DefendantY. M. C. A. NOTESThe Y. M. C. A. Physical Department Committee announces the following gymnasium schedule for thecoming season. The schedule is thelargest the local association has everoperated and includes one new classfor business men on Tuesday andThursday, at 5:00 p. m., a new classfor young men on Tuesday and Saturday at 7:30 p. m., and a class foremployed boys on Monday and Thursday at 7:30 p. m.MEN Business men, Monday,Wtednesday and Friday, 5:00 p. m.:business men, Tuesday and Thursday,5:00 p. m.; young men, Monday andThursday, 7:30 p. m.; young men,Tuesday and Saturday, 7:30 p. m.;basket ball, (public games) Friday,7:30 p. m.; volley ball, (publicgames) Friday, 7:30 p. m.BOYS High School, Monday,Wednesday and Thursday, 4:00 to5:00 p. m.; High School, midgets.Tuesday and Friday, 4:00 to 5:00 p.m.; employed boys.. Monday andThursday, 6:30 p. m.; younger boys,Monday, Wednesday, 4:00 p. m., Saturday 10:00 a. m.; Scouts, Friday,7:30 p. m.WOMEN Women, Wednesday,7:30 p. m.; High School, Monday,Tuesday and Thursday, 3:00 to4:00 p.m.The men's classes will open Monday, September 19. It is planned tohave an open house reception earlyin October.GARRARD COUNTY BARN DESTROYED BY EIREA large barn belonging to J. J.Hamilton, near Lancaster,' was destroyed by fire with all the contents,which included farming machinery,several hundred bales of hay and alot of corn. The loss is $5,000,with no insurance. The cause of thefire is unknown.NO MATTER WHATAYou are protected if youhold a policy with me.PireAccidentBurglaryAutomobileWorkmen'sCompensationandBondingA. J. FEE-FALL OPENING 9' THURSDAYSEPTEMBER 15th"vtiB, S.DEPARTMENT STORE "PAWS KENTUCKY " ' ' '-vYSale of School Shoes !This week we place on sale a timely purchase of dependable Scool Footwearfor Boys, Misses and Growing Girls at on-third price reduction. Mothers! Buyyour school shoe needs at this store this week at these great savingsin price.Extraordinary Special While They Last! Misses' and (T A AChildren's Gun Metal Lace Boots, Vici Kid Boots JJ)!," JfAll Sizes 9 to 2. A $3.00 Value.Pursuant to distress warrant andlevy for rent, which issued from theoffice of the Judge of the BourbonQuarterly Court on the 24th day ofAugust, 1921, in favor of Mary P.Taylor vs. Holmes Smarte for thesum of $750.00, with interest fromMarch 1 1921, and the further sumof $100.00, with interest thereonfrom March 1, 19 21-, and the costs ofthis distress warrant and expense ofsale, less a credit of SI 00.00. the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County;Will, onSaturday, Sept. 24, 1921,on the leased premises located inBourbon County, Kentucky, on theHume and Bedford Pike, and nowoccupied by the defendant, HolmesSmarte, as tenant of the said MaryP. Taylor, beginning about 10 a. m.,expose to public sale the followingproperty, or so much as may be required to satisfy the distress warrant aforesaid, and the costs and expenses of sale, to-wit:Crop of 8 acres of tobacco iCrop of 20 acres of corn, less 32barrels set apart . to defendant astexempt;1 Deering Binder, (1-3 interest);1 corn planter;1 Randal Harrow;1 Sorrel Mule;1 White Horse;1 Bay Horse;1 Buggy; & ,, , .4 Red Sows; -14 Shoats; '!- " 1 4, $1 Roan Heifer; rc35 Sheep and 6 Lambs less' 8 Sheepset apart as exempt.TERMS:Said sale will be made on creditof three months, purchasers to execute bond with good surety "to Leapproved of by undersigned Sheriff,of even date with sale, and Hearinginterest from date of sale at the rateof per annum.Misses' and Children's $3.50 Tan and GunMetal School Shoes, all sizes. Sale priceS2.49Boys' and Youths' $3.50 Gun Metal Shoes.Sale price$2.49Boys' and Youths' Tan English and BlucherShoes, $5.00 values. " Sale priceS3.49Misses' and Children's $4.00 High GradeBrown and Black Boots. Sale priceS2.99Growing Girls' School Shoes, $5.00 LaceBoojs, all sizes 2 1-2 to 7. Sale priceS3.49Ladies' and Growing Girls' Low Heel LaceBoots, $4.00 values. Sale price.$2.99Final Clearance of Summer Footwear Now On!Brown and Black Oxfords at Reductions of One-Half and Less !Lot of Ladies' $4.00 and $5.00 Slippers.Final Sale priceLot of Ladies' $5.00 and $6.00 Slippers.Final Sale price$2.95$2.49Ladies' White Strap SlippersFinal Clearance .$1.49New Fall Goods Arriving Daily in Walk-Over Oxfords andShoes, ask for the famous make In Walk-Over IPat endorsed by the Y. W, C. A. of New YorkDAN COHEN. rfParisVGrettcst Shoe StoreWhcrt Bttutyan4 Tofy RcJBLoBf J"a$t","&r . , V J. f . .rA'vjmmm0migSSSS3E3OEm3CSIBSBdi