v a..,, r . . '&THElJMNEWSr "A,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIBOURBONPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1921MEMBERSHIP CAMPAIGN FOR OFFICERS SEIZE LIQUOR IN PU"WOMAN TOTT.Tm BY STEOKE OFLIGHTNINGDuring the severe electrical stormwhich prevailed Wednesday afternoon, Mrs. William Rogers, aged forty-three,residing on the old Brannock farm, on the Buddies Millsroad, three miles from Paris, wasstruck by a bolt of lightning andinstantly killed.Mrs. Rogers, with two little children, had been in a small grove inthe rear of the house, washing andironing some clothes. When thestorm came up she started to thehome, preceded by the children. Asshe passed upder a small tree nearthe home, a bolt of lightning descended, splitting the tree from topto bottom, and striking Mrs. Rogersat the same time. A straw hat onher head was torn to pieces, and herclothing torn from her body, whichwas badly seared by the passage ofthe electric current. One of thechildren was stunned by the strok3,the other escaping in safety. Dr. D.B. Anderson, who happened to bopassing at the time, was called in.He made an examination, and pronounced Mrs. Rogers dead beyond allhope of revival. Coroner RudolphDavis was summoned and conductedan investigation, a formal inquestbeing deemed unnecessary. Abouteighteen" years ago MR Rogers' firstwife was burned to death when theirhome in Nicholas county was burned. Mrs. Rogers is survived by herhusband, J. Wm. Rogers, three sons,Edward, Charles and David Rogers,four daughters, Lamonta, Ida, Minnie and TJhristine, all of whom resideat home;' also by three sisters, Bessie Walton, Mrs. Clara Hawkins, ofMayslick, Mrs. Matilda North, ofNorth Carolina, and two brothers,Marshall and Homer Walton, bothof Mayslick.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, with services conducted at the home by Rev.P. F. Adams, of Millersburg. Thebody was taken to Carlisle, for interment in the Carlisle Cemetery,where short services were also conducted at the grave.SUMMER DEDUCTIONSBIG REDUCTIONS IN ALL SUMMER MERCHANDISE, INCLUDINGSUITS, SKIRTS, DRESSES ANDWAISTS.(12-2t) PRANK & CO.CONTRACT POR SURFACINGPARIS PIKEThe State Highway Departmentwill let a contract July 28, for surfacing the Paris" pike from Northliddletown to the Montgomery line.This thoroughfare has been put inexcellent condition by the county,and will shortly be taken over bythe State and the county relievedof all future maintenance. Readthe display advertisement in thisissue of THE NEWS.!'4,'"Hi"I''"I'''iig'I''M"I"I"I'XtiXiiXitXFRANK&CO. 1-LADIES' OUTFITTERSBi Reductions IonSummerMerchandiseSuitsDressesSkirtsWaists"SHOP AT HOME"FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSMIIINII MlllllllllMlllMMIllHMIMlMltWBASE -BALL NOTESPerhaps the most remarkablegame of base ball played in Paris formany years was that at the Secondstreet ball park Wednesday afternoon between teams representing theMethodist and Christian churches.The game was remarkable from thefact that the scorekeeper almosthad a case of nervous prostrationand writer's cramp in scoring theruns, hits and errors. The gamewas witnessed by a large crowd,who cheered both sides impartiallyon both good and bad plays. FrankB. Goodman, ("Goodie") formerBlue Grass League Star,, who is visiting relatives here, umpired thegame, and found no difficulty in getting his decision through. The gameclosed with a "brilliant" victory for'the disciples of John Wesley, whopiled up a total of 25 runs to theiropponent's 13. Considering the daywas the 13 th of the month that 13was a hoodoo for the followers ofAlexander Campbell. The batterieswere: For the Methodists Mastinand Soper; for the ChristiansMitchell, Wagner and Arnsparger.THE NEWS would like to publishthe box score and summary of thegame, but space is too limited, andsomebody might object.The Paris Ruggles Team willplay the Mammoth Garage team ofLexington, Sunday afternoon at theSecond street ball park. A goodgamejis assured. The game will becalled at three o'clock sharp. Comeout and "root" for the home team,and help them down the Lexingtonaggregation.The Millersburg White Sox baseball club will play a game with theAmerican Legion team, at Millersburg Hight School grounds to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon. Bothteams are in excellent condition andexpect to put up a good game fortheir patrons.oVOTE EOR PEARCE PATON.oBOURBON GUN CLUB ALL-DAYSHOOTThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdan all-day shoot to-day, on the clubgrounds In East Paris. The shootwill begin promptly at nine o'clockthis (Friday) morning.The shoot is being given to the clubmembers and all visiting trap-i shooters from other towns as a practice day before the State tournament., which is to be held in Louisville on July 20, 21 and 22. Areal treat is in store for the shooters who attend. An old-fashionedBourbon county picnic dinner willbe served at noon free to all theparticipants in the tournament.TTATT, STORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.iHgXX4w5""X"I"i"I"I"ialli44-& CO.CO-OPERATIVE TOBACCOASSOCIATIONAn enthusiastic meeting of theBourbon county branch of the Burley Tobacco Co-operative Associationwas held at the court house in this.city, "Wednesday night, with a largeattendance of representative tobaccogrowers. The meeting was calledand presided over by Sam Clay,president tof the local organization,who stated the objects of the meeting as called.Short talks along the lines of theBurley .tobacco co-operative marketing plan" as inaugurated by theSapiro organization, of California,were made by different speakers. Atthe close of the addresses the sentiment of the members present wastaken, it being unanimously in favor of the plan, which all agreedwas one best calculated to furtherthe interests of the tobacco growersand handlers of the BIuegrassyIt was decided to inaugurate amembership campaign, for the purfpose of strengthening the local or-,ganization, to be prosecuted on Wed-nesday and Thursday, July 20 andi21. Chairmen for each precinct in,the county were appointed, each;chairman to select a committee com-posed of live wires from his pre(cinct to assist in soliciting membersfor the organization, and to secure,pledges to the Sapiro plan of mar-(Ketmg tneir tooacco. T-nese coramittees will endeavor to see personsally everyone in his vicinity whocan possibly be interested in theplan to make him a member of thelocal organization. ,The Sapiro plan of tobacco mar-rketing has received the hearty en-!dorsement of every banker in Parisand in the county, and this shouldcarry added weight in the solicitation for new members. The chairmen of the committees hope everyfarmer and tobacco man will bqready when the solicitors come tosee them, and to bring contractssigned. They want to see old Bourbon county placed in the forefrontof this movement, as she has beenin all others pertaining to the welfare of the county. This is a matter that vitally concerns the futureof one of the county's most lucrative industries and should meet withthe hearty approval of everyone interested. A meeting will be held at Millersburg on next Tuesday afternoon,July 19, at four o'clock, in the interest of the membership campaign.James C. Stone, of Louisville, aprominent member of the State organization, and a speaker of decidedability., will be nresent and deliver-an address in the interest of foemovement, which will be one of thegreatest interest to them.The following is a partial list ofthose who have signed the co-operativemarketing plan pledge todate: ;Mr. D. E. Clarke,Mr. J. G. Redmon,Mr. J. Miller Ward,Mr. J. P. Redmon,Mr. James McCIure,Mr. W. F. Saunders,Messrs. I. N. Keller & Son,Mr. Walter S. Meng,Mr. John M. Clay,Mr. Sam L. Weathers,Mr. J. W. Bell,Mr. A. B. Hancock,Mr. Luther K. Rice,Mr. John Woodford,Mr. W. B. Kiser,Mr. William Collins,Mr. Carlton Ball,Mr. Buckner Woodford,Mr. C. R. White,Mr. Samuel Clay,Mr. A. L. Stephenson,Mr. 0. W. Martin,Mr. J. P. Wetherall,Mr. E. M. Gaunce,Messrs. Burke & Brent, , . " -Mr. John M. Brennan,Mr. Roy C. Galloway, iMr. N. Ford Brent,Mr. Ben Woodford, SrMr. Aylette Buckner, ' T ''Dalzell Brothers, "Mr.' J. 'H. ThompsonMr.- J. R. Letton, ,Mr. V. W. Ferguson,Mr. C. H. Dalzell,Mr. Grant Galloway,James M. Caldwell,D. C. Parrish & Co. - -Mr. Matt Lair,Mr. Charlton Clay,Messrs. Jas. L. and V. K." Dodge,The re-sale of tobacco bought byspeculators on the breaks last winter for the price materially higherthan that for which it was originally purchased, together withthe fact that there is an increasing demand for tobacco atsteadily advancing prices furnish anunanswerable argument in favor ofthe organization of the Burley Tobacco Marketing Association.Under the present system growersof tobacco are charged a commissionfor selling. The "owners of the warehouses thought there was no limit totheir profits and engaged in keencompetition to secure additionalspace. There is twice as much warehouse space as there is any need forunder any reasonable system of marketing. The surplus, if the presentsystem is continued, will be paid foragain and again by the tobaccogrowers. Yet 'the growers never obtain any interest therein for thecommission they pay.The surplous millions of dollars invested, in warehouses in the Bluegrass are but one illustration of thewaste of the present system. Thereare other illustrations just as glaringto which we shall call attention hereafter. But to-day we urge our readers whether, they be .tobacco growlers or city folk to consider the rel-MAN'S HOMEArmed with a search-and-seizurswarrant, under the provisions of theeEwill U-. McClmtock and TtenntvSheriff James Gibson, on Wednesdaynight, visited the rooms of WilsonWilder, former L. & N. railroad man,on the second floor of the R. P.Walsh buliding, at the corner ofMain and Seventh streets. Theirsearch was rewarded by the discovery of a quantity of liquor, onehalf quart bottle, four pints andeight empty battles. One of the battles contained Baker whiskey, whichhas figured prominently in the public prints in connection with recentthefts of whiskey in different localities in the State. The liquor wasconfiscated and taken to the courthouse "to be used as evidence. .On a warrant issued before CountyJudge George Batterton and CountyAttorney D. D. Cline, Wilder wasplaced under arrest by Sheriff McClintock on a charge of havingliquor in his possession for purposeof sale. He appeared in Court yesterday morning before Judge Batterton, and entered a plea of not guilty,waiving examination. He was heldin the sum of $500 bond for his appearance before the grand jury atthe next term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, to answer to the charge. Bondwas furnished and Wilder was released from custody.oVOTE TOR PEARCE PATON.BOY SCOUTS GO TO CAMP BOONENineteen Boy Scouts of Paris leftWednesday afternoon for Camp Daniel Boone, the Y. M. C. A. camp atValley View, on the Kentucky River,where they will spend several daysin camp. The boys took along theirregulation camp equipment, preparedto spend an enjoyable vacation, andreturn home fit and fine, physicallyand mentally.The delegation was in charge ofLeslie O'Neil and Robert Meglone,both experienced workers with boys.At the camp an expert staff is mgeneral charge of camp activitiesHarry Baldwin, Jr., Cletis Chipley,Robert McCarthy and Harry Robertsalso left Wednesday for a twoweeks' stay at the big Y. M. C. A.camp at Mammoth Cave. The bojswho went to Camp Daniel BooneWilliam Yerkes, Thomas Judy Blanwere Julian Howe, Jr. Russell Lenox,ton Collier, Ray Cahal, WilliamWilson, Joseph MKpelPllekin Thomas Spicer, Jr., YUtaKiSfnaScM. Sol Feld John VanmeterItfoodford, Clarence Hill. Earl Tappand Rivhard Tucker. '- oDOES VERY WELL, THOUGH ACRIPPLEJesse Griggs, formerly a residentof Bourbon county, where he livedfor many years on the farm of MiLou Combs, near Centreville, was .nParis recently for the first time inseveral years. Greggs had the misfortune to lose both legs during theworld war, but the loss has beenpartially supplied by two cork limbsBy the aid of a cane he can getaround almost as well as one provided with Nature's own underpinning He has just returned fromSe Walter Reed Hospital, in Washington where he has been a patientfo? some time. He is a native ofWnSSSer Here he is at presentvisiting.WANTS TO ORGANIZE COUNTYwajmid . ATJT0 CLTJBW. D. Allen, field secretary of theKentucky Motor Club with headquarters in Louisville, was mPayTeusday conferring Iffiw.in. s.Ball ijaru&e, ------'regard to tne-n u P.nnnt.Vorganization ui .Automobile Club,to be affiliated with tie State orprjl-nizatioii. attendMl. -ft-iien whj "'1 iTio-Tiwnv mfietins totucky Motor Club, to be present andaddress the meeting.ENGINEER INVESTIGATES EISH- IHG CLUB SITEAs a result of an examinationmade Tuesday afternoon byWilson, Louisville civil engmeer. oJto ofbundinRg0ganS artificial lake, it wasfound that the ground will not nowwater sufficiently well to 3building of the lake attnat pom..A committee composed of Mr Wson, Louis B0 Frank Bfl er aniLafe Ardery is inlto"in ciubsites for the proposed ne w chouse and lake to be used by xnefishing club.o " 'ADJUDGprSANEIn Judge Batterton's Court, Wednesday, Lucy Lyman, colore w.adjudged insane by a iWordered committed to tneKentucky Hospital for the sanat Lexington, where sne vaolater by a Hot"""1 attendant..ative differences betn results.present system last winter, and whatit is now absolutely clear would bethe prices with the Co-operative Marketing Association in operation.PUTTING PARK POLTIICS m rCHAUTAUQUAA great howl has gone up from aspeakers injecting 7ocal politics Tntoone of his addrLp Slo Lhis addresses. Patrons saythev mv ti, ', -r "'n.- "." "i,luu ee. lo near.ive, and not to be treatedtn wPloitation of some local candidate's 'aspirations for office, and to chean1politics. P Isomething education! nnrt wTl:""11. on susi b. me drawing;. Probably this particular star was J" sheriff H Ed Pdfnrrf' at Ppimposed upon and something put!ro?i!5 R Ed Bedford M Peal&t7cUorat Herrin. John T. Maher.some one might sell him a rold 'brick before he sets back to rvhi ,cago. gTHE BOOSTER STRIPThe pathfinders for the BourbonBoosters' trip, scheduled for July19, are- rapidly getting everythingready for the big trip, which is tocover every portion of the county.Everywhere along the line they havemet with a most cordial response andassured of the earnest co-operationof Bourbon county people. Millersburg has promised to send a delegation to Ruddles Mills to meet themembers of the party.From reports received by theBoosters this trip will go on recordin point of attendance and enthusiasm, as nearly every merchant inParis will be represented. A paradethrough the streets of Paris and aconcert by 'the new band will bestaged before the departure of theBoosters. If you have a car, join inthe parade and also go on the trip.The ladies will enjoy the'trjp, too,so take your wife, mother, sister orsweetheart along; and "meet thepeople."At each stop short addresses willbe made by local speakers and a program of musical selections renderedby the band. Souvenirs of the trip,advertising Paris business houses,will be distributed, and the boosterswill make every effort to remindcounty people that they want them- "ToJi-fc A XT' -fc -Wirt ' - - 3 itfill j-kP-i-to "Trade At Home " ?nd will nffeiL Prof T- B- Threlkeld will soon??' and wlU ffbe submitted to Governor Morrowinducements to do so.f"ATTENTION, CANDIDATES!You cannot make affidavit to yourcampaign expense account, unlessyou have fully itemized every centyou have expended in any way forthat purpose, as required under theprovision of the election laws. Ifyou have not paid your advertisingand job printing accounts with THENEWS, you should do so at once, boyou will be in the clear when youcome to make up your expense account for filing with the State. Allsuch items will have to be included,so come in and square up, and behappy ever after.oCOAL.. PROTECT YOURSELF ER0MPROBABLE COAL SHORTAGEAGAIN THIS WINTER BY LAYING IN YOUR SUPPLY NOW,WHILE YOU CAN GET BESTQUALITY AT PRICES WHICH MAYBE LOWER NOW THAN THEYWILL BE WHEN COLD WEATHERARRIVES.(1-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0.oFORMER PARIS GIRL TO GO TOPANAMAMrs. " Marie Prall Mason, of Danville, has just been notified of herappointment to a position in theAmerican Legation at Panama. Mrs.Mason has for some time been official stenographer for the law firmof Bagby & Hughey, in Danville.She is now making preparations togo to Cleveland, O., where she willvisit relatives for a few days. Shewill sail on the steamer "Goethals,"from New York, on Friday, July 22.Mrs. Mason will be rememberedin Paris, -where she spent her girlhood days. She is a daughter of thelate Col. and Mrs. John A. Prall,who resided in Paris for many years,and was noted for her beauty andtalents. Col. and Mrs. Prall, duringtheir residence in Paris, made theirhome with Misses Lutie and WinnieWilliams, in the old Williams home-'stead on Pleasant street, now occupied by Mr. and Mrs. James Doty.She has a host of friends and acquaintances in Paris, who wish hersuccess in her faraway home.THE STATE NEEDS DR. FRANKMcVEY.At a critical period in its history,at a time when the State is awakening not only to its importance, butto its needs, the University of Kentucky is threatened with the loss ofits president.D. McVey is recognized throughout the State "and elsewhere as anable and efficient executive, moreover a man with vision and ideas.His loss "would be lamented anytime. It is particularly unfortunatenow. A decision by Dr. McVey tostay in Kentucky to complete thework so admirably begun would bbmost heartily welcomed.NEW AUTO LINEA new motor bus line operatingbetween Paris, Mt. Sterling andIpwingsville has been put into service. The big motor bus made itsfirst trip Monday. The line is being operatedby Espa Mayes, ofOwingsville. The bus will leaveParis each night .at; '6: 45, reachingOwingsville at ten o'clock, and making stops at .way points- between thetwo towns. , .-. ;CANDIDATES GET BALLOT PO-srnoNSCandidates for the county and cityfthe m 0f Cunty ClerkFaAon and. drew fr positionsin the office of County Clerk PearcPaton atballot toon theoauoi to De used inthe primaryelectionIsulted ,a? followf which ordariffldal ballot?n i ., , 'County Court Clerk Pearce Paton,,A - iVienee Je. a. smitn, w-DUtiei James m. rayior.Tax Commissioner Ben Wood-;iora, jr., joe B. Smith, John J. Redmon.v Mayor F. E. Nelson,Brown, John Merringer, D.J. WC. Par--rish, E. B. January.Councilmen, First Ward Geo. D-I Speakes, W. W. Mitchell, John JWilliams, Wm. Kenney, James W--Connell,John Christman, SixCouncilmen, Second WardCatesby sW. Spears, Wm. CurtiHenry, R. C. Ruggles, Frank MSkillman, Frank P. Kiser, Bernard:J. Santen.Councilmen, Third Ward 3". T.Tucker, Geo. L. Doyle, C. F. Redmon. After the matter had been settled,,to the more or less satisfaction ofthe candidates, Miss Grace Haskins,.of County Clerk Paton's office forceinvited the candidates to the basement of the court house, where, assisted by several lady candidates,ice cream cones were dispensed,through the generosity of J. W.Stone, local representative of Hughes& Co., Lexington. The candidatescourt house officials and spectatorsall enjoyed the treat.BOURBON PEOPLE PETITION FORTHRELKELD PARDONA petition signed by 1,035 citizensof Jessamine county for the pardon:for his consideration.A petition circulated in Bourbon,county for the aged professor, whois now confined in the State reformatory for the killing.ot Arthur Deaman, which contains the signaturesof 250 prominent business and professional men, has been received inNicholasville.VISITSPARIS IN INTEREST OFCHAPTER .John O'Dowd, of Winchester; wasa visitor in Paris, Tuesday evening,in the interest of the World WarVeterans. Mr. O'Dowd interviwed alarge number of former service menin regard to establishing a chapterof this organization in Paris, andwas greatly encouraged by the reception he received.We Know flowNo, It Isa't a Drink, Batan Easy, BreezyPalm BeachSuitAnd you want that feelingthat comes only from beingcomfortable, .??.,Before you start on thatvacation trip, come in ana select your needs from., ourstock of &$M -Wardrobe TrunksHand BagsSuit Casesin fact, anything you ,mayneed on.ajvacation trip.I COOLand "Refreshing!-MITCHELL &BLAKEMORE ;nJ&J,-V-- e'nPAGE TWOFRIDAT, JULY 15, If II TTBI BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKthmi,,jrIffi BOURDON NEWSXgtabli bed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicatioaFnalished Every Tuesday and IridayPet Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.5WHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Watered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)0UBIX)EEHxN BEPBESENTA-TIVES.. Jfew York American Press Assotiattta. I fkicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Lowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 11.00 pertack for first time; 50 cents per inchTincfl subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineich Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andrimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisefeate and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is restxvedso decline any advertisement or otheroaatter for publication.Announcements for political officesist invariably be accompanied bySe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.EDITORIAL PLINGS OF THIS.THAT EN MOTHER xSome-persons protest against thehigh bacterial count in ice cream,others protest against the price, butivhen the mercury passes ninety-i Ave, going up, the protestors have atruly catholic attitude toward bac-'- 4.eria and prices.- 9The Paris man who asks you howyou slept last night and who sayswhen you admit you didn't thathe slept under a blanket, should notbe hit over the head with a leadpipe. Strenuous exercise is to beavoided. Even fly swatting maysuperinduce heat prostration.A person doesn't have to go toIndia to get run over by the juggernant car when he wants to take ashort cut to Paradise. He can stayin Paris and try to cross Pleasant$or any other old street) and get'run over by an automobile driven by-a, careless driver, whether he wantsto or not. If he doesn't land inParadise he will land somewhereelse it will not be the fault of the- -chauffeur. ILet us now cast aside all partisan politics, andgeull together to ther end that all malsagain be prosperous.Xet us clear Jiftl- way, so that tho.sewhom we have placed in power incity, Stateand Nation, whatevertheir politics, may easily reach theirhighest aspirations, and know thatwe appreciate their efforts andvshallalways esteem the memory of .theirgreat deeds, done for the welfare ofall the people.oTOO HOT FOR LOAFINGAccording to a gifted scribe whodevoted "close attention to the hap-.- penings at the training camps of thepugilists, the main point consideredin reference to the condition of thechampion and the challenger waswhether or not the men were sweating pretty. For to prespire becomingly is the mainspring of muscularpgerfection in hot weather.nes of sweating. The dainty actually prefer not to sweat. They thinkit is unrefined. Their idea is toavoid any exertion and to keep theirphysical temperature below the pointwhere saturation sets in.But their notion is all wrong. Thecorrect notion is to sweat and behappy. The man in the hammock isabout forty degrees hotter and about100 per cent, unhappier than is theman who is wielding the hoe or following the humble mule as theouble-shovel plow turns over theclods in the cornfield.Shade has a reputation for de-lishtfulness. but this is based mainly on the fact that perspiring persons feel so gratifyingly cool whenthey first get into the shadow of thefoliage. But the pleasurable sensation traces back to the moist condition of the body. TJie nonsmeaterfinds little relief in the shade. Hegets less chance at a breeze (and issubject to choky sensations. Thefisherman, sitting on the bank ofthe stream, has about as much comfort as if he were at home near theiitchen stove. The woman on thedivan is miserably hot The loafer,everywhere, suffers severely fromthe heat.The moral of it all is to get up asweat. If -the idle would be happy,the secret of bliss can be found int work, play, or in anything that willpen the pores and make the perspiration flow. Therefore, the rulefor hot weather is to sweat, pretty- nd be happy.SCREEN STA TO WED SOU OF' FOBMEfc PARISIAN(R. S. Porter,, -in Lexington Leader)Perhaps no screen star of the present era has a larger list of admirersthan Mary Miles Minter, knownwherever motion pictures are shownas "the Darling of the Screen," but itremained for a son of a former Paris,Ky., man to win her heart and hand.The announcement of their engagement has recently been made througha letter received in Paris. The luckyyoung man is Orville Erringer, ofPortland, Oregon, son of Clarence Erringer, of Chicago, and grandson ofTheodore Erringer, for many yearsagent in Paris for the Louisville &I Nashville Railroad Co., and managerof the Paris branch of the WesternUnion Telegraph Co. The groom-to-be is the northwestern manager fora large fruit packing corporation ofCalifornia. His headquarters are InPortland. His father is general traveling agent for an automobile concernin Chicago, and is now on a tripthrough Canada to British Columbia. It was during a recent visitto her prospective father-in-lawand his mother, in Chicago thatthe engagement of Miss Minterto Mr. Erringer was announced.On July 4, Miss Minter left NewYork on board the steamer Olympicfor a two months trip throughEurope, during which she will visitEngland, Belgium, France, Italyand Spam. Shortly after her return the wedding will take place,probably at her home in SouthernCalifornia. It is said that Mr. Erringer and his bride will devote aportion of their honeymoon to a tripthrough the Bluegrass, which willinclude a visit to Paris, the placeof his father's birth and earlymanhood, of which the young manhas heard so much but which hehas never visited.Young Erringer is said to havefirst met his bride-to-be while on abusiness trip to Hollywood, Cal.,where Miss Minter was engaged inthe production of the picture, "AllSouls' Eve," in which Miss Minterassumes the dual role of NoraO'Hallahan, and Alice Heath. Mr.Erringer witnessed the productionof several scenes of the play, and itsaid quickly lost his heart. Thenbegan a courtship, which engagedevery moment of the young star'sunoccupied time, and in which theyoung Kentuckian was finally successful. It is not known what her approaching marriage will have uponthe future of the screen star,whether she will settle down in acozy little bungalow with heryoung husband and devote the remainder of her life to his happiness, which, of course, will meanher own, or whether she will devote a few more years to the pleasure of the thousands of her admirers who look forward eagerly tothe coming of her latest productionof the screen.All Paris society is agog over theprospects of a visit from the youngcouple in the fall, and many are already preparing for receptions inhonor of the screen favorite andher equally popular young husband.Mary Miles Minter's real name isJuliet Shelby, and among her intimates she is still affectionately called Juliet. She was by birth destined to become an actress and thestory is a wonderfully interestingone. Before she saw the light ofday her mother, Mrs. Shelby, whohad been born and passed her entire life in Texas, was compelled tomove to Shrieveport, La. She grieved for months over the loss of herold friends, the separation from hermother, and was unable to reconcileherself to her new surroundings.She voiced her discontent continuallyand her self pity was accentuated tosuch an extent that Mary wasborn with a birthmark, Mrs. Shelbyfelt that she had been punished forher complainings. A bright red starshowed on baby Juliet's forehead.Her mother was convinced that herresentment at being compelled toleave Texas, her beloved "Lone StarState," was responsible for themark.About two years ago Mary subjected herself to electrolysis treatment, with the result that only afaint outline of a perfect five-pointedstar remains, "right in the middle of her forehead," where cunningcurls hide it so well that no onehas ever suspected Mary of being aTexas baby. Recently an astrologerexamined the birthmark, and said toMary's mother: "You've alwaysworried about that mark and blamed yourself for its. presence, haven'tyou? You should be glad yourdaughter has it, for it is the insignabestowed by Fate foreshadowed herstardom on the ,stage and screen."oEASTERN DISTRICT RED CROSSCONVENTIONTo-morrow the Eastern DistrictState Red Cross Convintion will beheld in Lexington, in the ball roomof- the Phoenix Hotel.More than 70 Red Cross chaptersof that many counties of the Eastern half of Kentucky have .beenasked to send delegates. The convention delegates 'will have aluncheon at the hotel.The purpose of the conventionwill be to discuss methods and policies of the American Red Cross andto help plan for future work.The Lexington chapter is extending the invitation of the conventionand the details and program are incharge of Miss Linda Neville, ofLexington, field representative of theLake Division of the Red Cross.Mrs. George Hunt, the vice chairman of the Lexington chapter andMiss Linda Neville, with manyothers interested, are planning tomake the convention a very successful and helpful event.oPALLS PROM LOFEWhile gathering eggs in the loftof a barn at his home on Secondstreet, Ben Lewis stepped throughan opening in the floor, falling tothe ground, a distance of- about tenfeet. He sustained two fracturedribs and other injuries, painful butnot serious. He ,was -removed to bishome .and given medical attention.OWNER OF LONESOME DOGCLAIMS HIMSome time ago THE NEWS toldthe story of a faithful dog which'hadbeen haunting the front and sidedoors and the corridors at the Pari3nostoffice. closely inspecting everyarrival, as if searching for its owner..The story of the dog went far andwide, as evidenced by letters received by Postmaster J. Walter Payne.One woman came all the way fromIndiana, in hopes of identifying thedog as belonging to her, she havinglost a valuable canine from her automobile while touring the Bluegrass. , Letters were received fromdifferent parts of Kentucky and Indiana, stating the owners had lost adog in Kentucky Tvhile traveling intheir machines, out none couia positively identify the. Paris dog.The animal was finally claimed bya Bourbon county colored man, whoproved his, right ' to ownership beyond all doubt, and the animal wasturned over to him. The dog wasoverioyed when he finally found hismaster, and showed every evidenceof happiness. But the other disappointed ones are.no doubt wondering where their pets are in all thisbroad land. And what mystifies Mr.Payne, is how the news became sowidespread.Or- "NEW CIRCULAR OUTLINES THESCHOOL LUNCH PROBLEMSThe hot school lunch is coming tobe an important institution in manyrural schools of Kentucky, accordingto a new circular on school lunchesfrom the College of Agriculture,which is being distributed to interested persons in the State. The publication has been designed to helpone-room schools which are startingwith one hot dish for lunch, but italso contains information which canbe used by schools serving severaldishes or a complete lunch. The circular discusses a number of pointsin detail, including equipment, preparation of the lunch, serving, keepingaccounts, planning lunches and suggestions for lunches.It also includes a number of receipts which can be used in preparing the lunch. The circular is No.95 and may be obtained free bywriting the Experiment Station, Lex-mton.GASOLINE SAFETY RULESTake no chances with gasoline, itis one of the most dangerous inflammable liquids in daily use.Use none but approved containersfor it glass bottles never.Never use it in the home; vaportravels fast and might reach a fire,causing explosion. It has done it before and under favorable conditionswould do it again.As a cleaning fluid it is very dangerous; better use approved cleaningfluids to be had at drug stores.Gasoline is always unsafe in largequantities above ground; underground tanks should be provided.Smoking in a garage or about gasoline is flirting with the undertaker and gravedigger.Never throw water on a gasolinefire; use chemical fire extinguishersor sand smother it out.. oHERE'S HOPE AT LASTThe katydids have sung. Sweetmusic! For six weeks later, according to the weather prognosticators,there will be frost.While the boiling sun bursts onerecord after another and leaves hishelpless victims to swelter, curse andpray, there is some consolation inbelieving that there will be achange. . ,, .It was the night before last thatpersons sitting out on porches and mlawns trying to catch the breezeheard the joyful chorus of the katydids. Their music may be of a jazztype, not the most beautiful of nature's majestic songs, but this wasone time their chirping sounded likea mighty choir of angels singing.In August if we only live thatlong!HAS ARM BROKENWhile walking in the yard at herhome on Nineteenth street, Tuesday,Mrs D. T. Boaz, wife of Dave Boaz,carpenter, tripped and fell, herright arm being broken near thewrist. She was removed to herhome and a physician called, wno setthe broken member. Mrs. Boaz wasreported yesterday as getting alongnicely.Notice To Contractors, Sealed bids will be received by theState Highway Commission, at theoffice of the State Highway Engineer,Old Capitol Building, Frankfort, Kentucky, until 2:00 p. m. on the 28thday of July, 1921, for the improvement of the Mt. Sterling-Paris Road,beginning at North Middletown andextending to the junction of the Mt.Sterling-Sharpsburg road, a distanceoi ayjyruxima.Leiy j.u.o miles mMontgomery and Bourbon counties.This road is officially known asState Project No. 32, Section B and Con the State Primary System inMONTGOMERY and BOURBON counties. This improvement will consist ofapplying bituminous surface treatment and covering with stone chipsor crushed gravel in accordance withapproved specifications.Instructions to bidders forms ofproposals and specifications may besecured at the office of the StateHighway Engineer, Old Capitol Building, Frankfort, Kentucky.Each bidder must accompany hisbid with a bond or certified check for? 500.00, payable to the State Treasurer, credit of the Department ofState Roads and Highways.The right is reserved to reject anyand all bids.APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES30,000 Gal. Medium Oil or Tar.870 Tons Stone chips or pea gravel.87,057 Sq. yds. Cleaning surface.STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION,By Joe S. Boggs,State Highway Engineer.(July 15-22)OFFICIAL LIST CAJWIDATESDemocratic Primary Aig. 6, '2tFOR COUNTY COURT CLERK.oPEARCE PATON.J. B. CAYWOOD.FOR SHERIFF.QR. ED. BEDFORD.DM. PEALE COLLIER.FOR JAILER.(Vote for One)ED. HERRIN L 1JOHN T. MAHERW. S. MENIFEEJOE A. SMITH I 1W. O. BUTLER J JJAMES E. TAYLORFOR TAX COMMISSIONER.(Vote for One)BEN WOODFORD, JR J TJOE B. SMITH I 1JOHN J. REDMON 11 IFOR MAYOR OF PARIS.(Vote for One)F. E. NELSON.aJ. W. BROWNJOHN MERRINGERD. C. PARRISHaE. B. JANUARYFOR COUNCILMEN, FIRST WARD1(Vote for Three)GEO. D. SPEAKESLaW. W. MITCHELL.JNO. J. WILLIAMS.nDWM. KENNEY.JAS. W. CONNELL.JOHN CHRISTMAN, SR.FOR COUNCILMEN, SECONDWARD.(Vote for Three)CATESBY W. SPEARS.a.WM. CURTIS HENRY.R. C. RUGGLES.FRANK W. SKILLMAN.FRANK P. KISER.BERNARD J. SANTEN.FOR COUNCILMEN, THIRD WARD.(Vote for One)J, T. TUCKER 1 UJGEO. L. DOYLE .C. F. REDMON LJlSTATE OF KENTUCKY.SCT,COUNTY OF BOURBON.I, Pearce Paton, Clerk Bourbon(County Court, do certify that theforegoing is a true and correct listof the candidates in the order inwhich they will appear on the ballots to be voted at the DemocraticPrimary, August 6th., 1921,Witness my hand, this 12th, day o'fJuly, 1921.PEARCE PATON,Clerk Bourbon County Court.BBBsHsirBBBBBBBBBftV BLostSomewhere in Paris, a diamondscrew stud, in fancy gold setting.Finder will receive suitable rewardby returning to THE NEWS office.(8-tf)Health Board NoticeIt is strongly urged upon the citizens of this community to boil allwater whether it be from cistern,well, 'spring or hydrant which is tobe used for drinking or domestic purposes. Tnis is an annual precautionary means to avoid water-bornediseases.It is also urged that at this especial season of the year weeds maybe a detriment to the public health,and that the same shall be cut without further notice.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.Order Board of Health.'(l-4t)OLD LEAKY ROOFSCan be Bared and made leakproof withSUPERLASTICROOF COATINGManufacturers Direct to Consumer,crashes free.INTERNATIONAL COATINGS CO.649 S. Second St. Louisville, Ky.(till26aug-F)tMiMiiiiiiiiimiiiniimimmniiiMiiiiiniiiij -, i,r-CyrrSriJ. 7s-r Pr h;J BSBgmMIIV-4tmrrmS3i &gr- r-HKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric Fan-We have them all sizes. Special cash discount.seeT. W.MAIN STREET4ii.iiti.iiiiiiiiiiiiHi'ii'Mi'ii'i"i"'i"i"i"i"i"i"'iitiiH ii i1 nnnm1922 Models and PricesThe New Buick Six-Cylinder Models for the 1922 SeasoniThe prices for the new series,beginning June 1st, are as followsf. o. b. factory, Flint, Michigan: -1921 Prices 1922 PrictsModel 22-44Three Passenger Roadster $1795 $1495Model 22-45Five Passenger Touring $1 795 $ 1 5254Model 22-46Three Passenger Coupe $2585 k $2135Model 22-47Five Passenger Sedan $2895 $2435Model 22-48Four Passenger Coupe... $2985 -; $2325Model 22-49Seven Passenger Touring $2065 $1735Model 22-50Seven Passenger Sedan $3295 $2635C. 5. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant StreetsWhin Better Automobiles aremFor RentLarge front room, two window,neatly furnished, at a moderate price.Apply toF. E. JONES, vPhone 395 Robneel Blto(julyl2-2t-pd)5S1 0pound CansCrystal WhiteSyrupONLYCENTSPER CANWeek of July 4 to 10Logan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179Call andour siock.SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEBuilt Buick Will Build ThemAREAL BARGAIN!f4iAif-5. yrV ,i-rFRIDAY, JULY 15, 1921iFiavorTssc-bhd in hy toastingBAHROAD ENGDTEEES HAVETHEIR OWN BAUHThe Falmoutli Outlook has the following note of interest regarding aformer resident of Paris, a verypopular railroad-man:"T. Lawrence Dickerson, who ispassing a few days at his summercottage here, dropped in to see usand celebrated the Fourth by renewing his subscription with a $5.00 bollon the Brotherhood Locomotive Cooperative National Bank of Cleveland, Ohio. This bank was organizedbv the Brotherhood eight months agoand now has ?6, 000,000 deposits. Itis supported by railroad engineersall over the United States. Mr.Dickerson resides in Covington andis the Chief of the Brotherhood Engineers in this division, with 207members. Mr. Dickerson is one ofthe oldest and best engineers on thisbranch of the L. & N. R. R."Select Path and Follow It.Make your own life. Don't live anyone else's. Take your chances. Don'tbe afraid of what's back of you orwhat's before you. Just live the bestvon know how, and live it strong.EHi.CINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L. & N.--$2.35Sunday, July 17, 1921Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(july5-8-15)MILL & BROWNContractors and BuildersParis, Ky-Estimates furnished on all kinds ofbuilding work. Workmanship andprices guaranteed right. We makea specialty of Hardwood Flooring.Call Cumberland Phones 722 orS13 (julyl2-2mo)S. P.M0HNEYjTHB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhereMiss Florence Wilson left Tuesday for a two-weeks' stay at SwangoSprings.Miss Teresa Stern is visitingfriends and relatives in Birmingham, Alabama.Miss Anita Overby has returnedfrom a visit to her aunt, Mrs. GrantBrewer, in St. Louis. Mo.Miss Anna Welsh has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Rich-ara u uonnell, in Cincinnati.... H. C. Peterson, of Paris, is visiting his son, Capt. E. C. Peterson,and Mrs. Peterson, in Maysville.Mrs. Robert Hodges has returned to the home in London, Ky., after a visit to Mrs. O. T. Tapp, 'ofBrent street.Mrs. McFarland, of Covington,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. F. P.Campbell, and family, at their homeon High street.Mrs. James Leeds and daughter,Miss Mary, of Richmond, are guestsof her uncle, JF. S. Elder, and family, in this city.Miss Luna Duffey, of Link avenue, left yesterday for a vacationvisit to friends and relatives, inDenver, Colorado.Rev. and Mrs. Julian A. MoClintock and children have returnedto Richmond after a visit to Parisfriends and relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. B. Arnoldhave returned to their home inRichmond after a visit to Parisfriends and relatives.W.W.Ball and John Boulden,prominent in Maysville businesscircles, were in Paris several daysthis week, on a business mission.D. Y. L. Farley, of the PowerGrocery Co., is attending the National Convention of the ChristiaiEndeavor Societies, in session inNew York.Mrs. Sanford Mitchell, of Maysville, is visiting her cousin, Mrs.William B. Woodford, at her country home, on the Winchester road,near Paris.Miss Dorothy Ann Duncan,daughter of Judge and Mrs. DenisDundon, has returned from a visitto friends and relatives in Maysvilleand Mason county.Miss Mercy Clark, of Paris, isthe guest of Miss Eleanor Williams,at the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. George Williams, on Booneavenue, in Winchester.Jeff C. Elgin, who is connectedwith a large mercantile concern inMemphis, Tenn., is visiting hismother, Mrs. Anna Elgin, on WestSeventh street, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Morris Fisher havereturned to their home in Huntington, West Va., after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Charles S. Goldstein, attheir home on Higgins avenue.J. G. Denton, Tilden Duncanand Auctioneer J. A. Squires, ofParis, have gone to South Carolina,to be present at the opening of thetobacco markets, scheduled for July19 th.P. M. Heller has gone to GraniteCity, 111., for a visit to his brother,Martin Heller. His son, Phil Heller,Jr., of Cincinnati, is in charge of thestore here during his father's absence. Mrs. William Riley Franklinand daughter expect to leave thisweek for Colorado Springs, Colo.,TOWN PESTSOOWf KMOVJ fOE VDBUTAEfrfcO"'gfe fcSZ2L k Iljp f$SpSv' f v?5b j?3stPAGE THREECINCINNATI POSTPUZZLE FUN GAMEThe Gossip la out thla morningSpreading The Btews and a Lot ofMean, Suspicions Stuff that isn'tNews nor Truth nor Anything butGossip. She rejoices in the Troublesof Others, and makes More for Themwith her Poison Tongue. Not all theGossips wear Skirts.WHAT PARISWATSTOIThe Answer Is Pound In The Statement of a Paris Residentm m IIFrom week to week, from, year toyear, there have been appearing inthese columns statements made byneighbors, which we have all readwith great interest, and many of uswith great profit. But what we want 'to know is, do they stand the greatest test of all the test of time? Hereis conclusive evidence on this point!from a Paris man:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meat'market, 314 Second street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefitted by them. When-ever my back has been weak or lameor my kidneys have acted too frequently, causing me to get up duringthe night, a box of Doan's KidneyPills which I get at Varden & Son's'drug store has always given fine re-'lief. I certainly think Doan's are atcnlonfif romoflr ond rlor?lir roonm. imend them to anyone." (Statementgiven November 9, 1916.)On November 12, 1920, Mr. Hellersaid: "I am glad to -say the cureDoan's Kidney Pills made for me has 'been a lasting one. All I said in thepast in favor of them I now confirm,for I think just as highly of Doan'sto-day as I ever did."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy get!ChiropractorI FIFTH YEAR IN PARISft 1 1 M-M II'M-'WMISS HQLLADAY'SFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa Specialtywho is now located permanently; inthat city.Mrs. Johnette Clare has returned to her home in Lancaster after a visit to Miss Mary FrancesCampbell, at the home of her parents, Dr. and Mrs. F. P. Campbell,on High street.Mrs. M. Thornton, mother ofMrs. John J. Connell and Mrs. DenisDundon, who has been seriously illfor some time at the home of Mrs.Dundon, on Houston avenue, is reported as improving.Hayes Cook, of Paris, will leaveto-morrow for New York, to meethis bride, whom he married in Germany during the war. They willreturn to Paris and make their homewith Mr. Cook's brother, Charles P.Cook.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Remington, of St. Louis, Mo., are expectedto arrive in Paris, Sunday, forvisit to the former's brothers, William and Frank Remington, and hissister, Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrish. The Danville Messenger says:"One of the most beautiful partiesgiven recently was that given byMiss Nancy Mae Elliott at her homeon Maple avenue, honoring Miss EvaChappell, of Paris, who is the guestof Miss Verna Lutes. Japanese lanterns were hung in the yard and onthe porch, and the spacious hallsand rooms were decorated in ferns,smilax and sweet peas. Frappe wasserved in the evening and the colorscheme, yellow and white, was carried out in the refreshments."(Other Personals on Page 5)SIGN YOTJE NAMEWe have so often called attentionto the fact that we cannot afford toprint items which are sent in anonymously that it looks like peopleshould understand by now. Itemswithout signatures or sent anonymously will receive no attention.We must know from what sourcethey come, whether genuine or not,so we may have a guarantee of theircorrectness. Intending contributorswill please bear in mind this statement. oNOTICE TO CORESPONDENTSpIpusa use onlv one side of thecopy paper for your correspondence.This will facilitate editing and setting. A linotype operator is apt toforget that copy is sometimes written on the reverse side and the editors want room to interline, changeor to make needed corrections incopy, occasionally.oThe installment plan of housefurnishing was organized by a Baltimore furniture man.How Many Objects in This Picture Sart with the Letter "C"TUlQ PirtfllPQ nrtm n-. 4-. : 1 ? i . it --"K' nuuvc uumams a uumuer 01 ODjects beginnings with the letter "P " Tncsf ni-o - rnna iv -.the picture. There are all kinds of things that begin with tL letter "C'' like rnw If IV ??mg is hidden; you don't have to turn the picture upside down? Male Milnames of which begin with the leter "C." See who can find the most Don't miss any pfften Irize wll! 5eawarded for the fifteen best lists of words submitted. The answer having to I Ingest ana nearest 7otXS Wm aWardGd FiFSt PriZ6; SGCOnd bGSt' 2nd PrLze eV! KeTtnnln T7"Sj3 -. TUllr. 4-T. X1..4.where they will join Dr. Franklin, ir"rt"B iT, mBwlm is Tmw lnnntert Tiermanentlv in Mr Heller had- Foster-Mllbum Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. T.o-(adv)STATE &0A3) CONTRACTS WILLBE LET JULY 28.Contracts for road construction andsurface treatment of State maintenance, highways will be let July 28 bythe State highway department. Theconstruction consits of 1.4 milesScottsville, 6.2 miles in Lincoln andPulaski counties, three concretebridges on State highway in Clark,draining structures on convict-builthighways in Cumberland and Metcalfe and three concrete bridges inMadison counties.The maintenance projects to besurface treated are 10.5 miles on theVersailles-Harrodsburg pike, Woodford county; 4.12 miles in Rockcistle on the Dixie highway; 10.6 inBourbon and Montgomery, betweenNorth Middletown and the Mt. Ster-ling-Sharpsburgpike; 5. miles on theRichmond pike in Garrard; 10 milesbetween Bowling Green and Greenwood in Warren; three on the Springfield pike in Anderson, and 12.31 onthe Winchester and Berea pikes outof Richmond.TO BRING BROOD MARESBOURBONTOJohn Miller, of Lexington, left forSaratoga the other day with seventeen yearlings from R. T. Wilson'sKirklevington Farm in his charge.These youngsters, nearly all byOlambala, are to be trained by TomHealey, who has one of his own to gowith them. Miller expects to go toNew York from Saratoga to bring outa number of brood mares, the property of various owners. Three of thenumber now are on the way overfrom Europe, two having been purchased by E. F. Simms for XalapaFarm and the other by A. B. Hancockfor his Clayborne Stud. On his nexttrip East, Miller will take to Saratoga nine yearlings belonging to Jos.E. Widener, raised at his ElmendorfFarm, and to be trained by TornWelsh.oSource of Icebergs.The source of practically all theIcebergs of the arctic and subarcticregions is Greenland.ECZEMApolicy oacK wimout questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Rinewormretterorotherltcli-ing skin diseases. Try.thietreatment at our risk.VARDEN & SON,Paris Xy.JTiiEverybody Join InThe "Cincinnati Post" announces amost interesting and amusing puzzlea puzzle that it different and inwhich all can participate from thetiniest child to grandfather andgreat grandma. It really isn't a puzzle at all, for all the objects havebeen made perfectly plain with no attempt to disguise or hide them. Noneare so small but what the pooresteyesight can see them; it is a test cfskill. Your ability to find "C-words"determines the prize you win. Rightafter the dishes are done this evening, gather all the members of yourfamily together; give each one oftthem a pencil and sheet of paperand see who can find the most"C-words." We know you will enjoyit, for everyone loves a puzzle.Open to AH Costs Nothingto TryThe "Post" invites you, Mr. andMrs. Reader and Family, to join inthis puzzle game. We know you willfind it to be the best game ever fullof fun and excitement; educationaland interesting to all. Now that issaying a lot, but wait until you havetried it. We venture to say: "Youwill never have as much fun." Writedown those C-words you have inmind right now. Study the picturecarefully. It is an interesting picture,just bubbling over with fun for puzzle lovers.This is a puzzle eame iust for ourleaders outside the city of Cincinnati.No one living in Cincinnati is allowed to compete.Observe These Rules1. Any man, woman or childresiding outside of Cincinnati whois not an employe of the "Cincinnati Post" or a member of an employee's family may submit ananswer. It costs nothing to try.2. All answers must be mailedby July 23, 1921, and sent toPuzzle Manager, "Cincinnati Post."3. All lists of names should bewritten on one side of the paperonly, and numbered consecutively,1, 2, 3, etc. Write you full nameand address on each page in theupper right hand corner. Do notwrite subscribers' names or anything else on same paper with listof words; use separate sheet.4. Only words found in theEnglish dictionary will be counted.Do not use obsolete words. Useeither the singular or plural, butwhere the plural is used, the singular cannot be counted, and viceversa.5. Words of the same spellingcan be used only once, eventhough used to designate differentobjects. An object can be namedonly once; however, any part ofthe object may also be named.6. Do not use hyphenated orcompound words; nor words formed by the combination of two ormore complete English wordswhere each word in itself is an object. 7. The answer having the largest and nearest correct list ofnames of visible objects shown inthe picture that begin with theletter "C" will be awarded firstprize, etc. Neatness, style, orhandwriting have no bearing upondeciding the winners.8. Candidates may co-operatein answering the puzzle, but onlyone prize will be awarded to anyone household; nor will the prizesbe awarded to more than one ofany group outside of the familywhere two or more hame beenworking together.9. In the event of a tie for anyprize offered, the full amount ofsuch prize will be paid to eachtied participant.10. All answers will receive thesame consideration regardless ofwhether or not a subscription bymail for the "Cincinnati Post" issent in.11. Three Cincinnati businessmen having no connection with the"Cincinnati Post" will be selectedto act as judges and decide thewinners. They will use Webster'sNew International Dictionary astheir reference and participantsagree to accept the decision of thejudges as final and conclusive.12. The judges will meet onAugust 3 and announcement of thePrize Winners and correct list ofwords will be published in the"Cincinnati Post" just as quicklythereafter as possible.THE PRIZESWINNING ANSWERS WILL RECEIVE PRIZES AS FOLLOWSPrizes Given Prizes Given Prizes Givenif no sub- D? ONE D? TWOsubscriptions subscribtion subscriptionsare sent is sent are sentJste $35.00 $350.00 $1,000.002nd Prize 30.00 250.00 750.003rd Prize 25.00 150.00 500.004th Prize 20.00 100.00 300.00fSt e 15- S0-00 iso.oo2 7,50 40.00 100.007th Prize 5.00 30.00 80.005S1 S1 3- 20.00 60.003 ?e 3- 15.00 40.0010th Prize 2.00 10.00 20.00J151 ?P?Q 2-G0 10.00 20.00J251 ?e 2- 10.00 20.0013th Prize 2.00 10.00 200014th Prize 2.00 10.00 200015th Prize 2.00 10.00 20.00NOTE In the event the winner of first prize has not qualified with subscriptions and fails to win the full $1,000, thehalance of this prize money shall he divided proportionatelyamong; the remaining prize winners who have qualified withsuhscriptions.You Can Win $1,000This C-Word Picture Puzzle Game is a Compaign to increase thepopularity 01 the "Cincinnati Post" outside citv of ninninrmtj tcosts nothing to take part. .It is not a subscription contest, and vbuv .U.VU iwiv tu iuu ui a single iauuauAipiiun w win a prize.If your list of "C-Words" is awarded first prize by the judkes youwill win $35.00, hut if you would like to win more than $3500 weare making the following special offer during the big Publicity'andBooster Campaign, whereby you can win bigger Cash Prizes bvsending in ONE or TWO yearly subscriptions BY MATT, ONLY (Maxmtl fe subscriptions) to the "Cincinnati Post" at $5 00 a vearHERB'S HOW: If your answer to the "C-word Picture p5?S arded fifst by tl16 tnree dependent judges, and you have sent11 J? yearly SUDScription to the "Cincinnati Post" by mail at55.00 (new or renewal), you will receive ?350 instead of S35Or, if your answer is awarded first prize by the judges, and youhave sent m TWO yearly subscriptions to the "Cincinnati Post"$10.00 in all, you will receive $1,000 in place of $35 00How is this for a liberal offer? But look! We will give extraamounts on all prizes in the same mannej If your answer is qualified by TWO subscriptions and you win -fipfnd prize, you will receive $750, and so on dowii. (See 3rd corTOn in prize list Above )It takes but TWO subscriptions (new or renewal) to dualifv forthe BIG $1,000 REWARD. ABSOLUTELY! two subscriptions is thimaximum. Your own subscription will count, or subscription to startat some future date. Just write on the order when you want thpaper started and it will start promptly on that "Sate.Anyone residing outside the city of Cincinnalt inay submit ananswer, but only R. F. D. mail delivery subscriptions, or subscriptions to be delivered by mail in towns where The Post has no carrierwill count in the contest. 'Letters5) W. S. RAUCK, Puzzle ManagerCINCINNATI POST, Cincinnati, OhioJfQuality Job Printing at The NewtfV'?.''h-m!-V-,"- 1 -Pv.3?t- -".SF- -' Hi -FRIDAY, -JULY 15, 121THB BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYpags FormWINDSTORMS COMINGIHSUEE YOUR BUILDINGS jAGAINST DAMAGE BY WIND AS-WELL AS EIRE, WITH(1-tf ) YERKES & PEED.I CAR UPSETS INJURING CYNTHIANA MENAn automobile in which fourCynthiana young men were returning from Lexington turned turtlewhen the wheels caught in the in-tnvnrhnn trnp.ks fit. n noint On theJ Lexington road near Paris.HOW TO VOTE FOR PEARCE . The occupants of the machine"BALLY" PATON(were thrown out, sustaining morefrow was unconscious when pickedup. He was brought to the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city,where he was given medical attention, and was able to return top.vnthiana several hours later. Rob:.Turner, Jr., Omar Cason and Ed.Griffith, the other occupants or tnecar, escaped with a slight shakingim. The car. which, belonged toRobt. Turner, Sr., was damaged.Democratic Primary, August 6, 1921JFOR COUNTY COURT CLERKPEARCE PATONJ. B, CAYWOOD,xStamp in the square oppositePearce Paton the first name on theballot, and you will have voted forthe re-election of the best and mostefficient County Court Clerk in theState of Kentucky.Base BallSUNDAYParis RugglesSMALL ITRE fTUESDAYAn alarm from Box 14 Tuesdayafternoon called the fire departmenttn thp residence of Mr. JamesDaugherty, on Mt. Airy avenue.Painters burning old paint trom tneweatherboarding with a gasolinetorch left the torch too close to thewoodwork, which ignited, filling thehouse with smoke. The blaze wasextinguished with but small loss,the greatest damage being done bywater thrown on newly plasteredwalls.DSATHS.CARPENTERMrs. "W. M. Carpenter, agedeighty-six, died at her home nearFlemingsburg, of the infirmities ofage. She was the mother of Mis.G. W. Conrad, of Paris. BesidesMrs. Conrad, three daughters andfour sons survive. The funeral andinterment took place at Wallingford,in Fleming county.gMELSERj. M. Smelser, of the L. & N.clerical forces, in Paris, received amessage telling of the death of hisfather, Nelson F. melser, at hishome in Abingdon, "Va. Mr. Smelspr was about seventy-two yearsold. He had been ill for some timefrom the infirmities of age. Thefuneral and burial took place in Abingdon.Wft ! o:::!Rre, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANvs.Mammoth GarageWestSecondParkStreetBURNING- TRASH CAUSES ITREALARMBurning trash in the back yardof the residence of Mrs. Violette, onSixteenth street, caused a passerbyto send in an alarm from Box 3-1,about 11:30 yesterday, morning. Thefire department made a quick run tothe scene, but their services werenot needed.oATTENTION, FARMERS!BEAR IN MIND THE SCARCITYAND HIGH PRICES OE COAX PREVALENT DURING THE LAST SEVERAL WINTERS, AND LAY INYOUR SUPPLY NOW, WHILE YOUCAN GET HIGHEST' GRADES OECOAL AT COMPARATIVELY LOWPEICES. WHY NOT TAKE RACKA LOAD OF OUR GOOD COALWHEN YOUR WAGON IS HAULINGWHEAT TO TOWN?' (1-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.SHARRARDMiss Alice B. Sharrard, daughter of the late Capt. Samuel Sharrard, died at her home in Louisville,after a short illness. She was a nieceof Rev. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris, andJames M. Allen, editor of the Cyrtthiana Democrat.' She was a talented woman, and had for many yearsbeen an illustrator for the Ladies'Home Journal and the Keramic Studio, an art publication. The funeraland burial took place Tuesday afternoon in Cave Hill Cemetery, in Louisville.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS LISTYOUR PROPERTY NOWWE ARE NOW READY TO TAKEYOUR TAX LIST AT OUT OFFICEIN THE COURT' HOUSE. DON'TPUT OFF THIS IMPORTANT MATTER. COME IN TO-DAY. A PENALTY WILL BE ATTACHEDLATER.MBS. WALTER CLARK,TAX COMMISSIONER,(12-tf) John J. Redmon, Deputy,oLIVESTOCK DEALS! $'Caparoni will pitch for Paris JA good s:ame is assured. !Owing to expense of hiringpitchers we will have to chargeladies 25 cents.BIRTHS.Near Centerville, to the wifeof Fritz Acker, a daughter.PRICES THAT SPEAK VOLUMESREDUCTIONS THAT ARE ALMOSTUNBELIEVABLEAN ECONOMY FESTIVALisTHE LEADERCLEARANCE.. SALS"The Pride of Paris"VPARIS, KENTUCKY' ('Wade H. Whitley, of Paris, soldthis week to W. A. Thomason, buyerfor a Philadelphia firm, forty headof fat cattle, averaging about 1,400pounds for $7.50 per hundred. Thecattle will be shipped to Philadelphia this week. Mr. Whitley alsosold to W. S. Haggard, of Paris, fortyhead of fat hogs, ranging from 175to 200 pounds, at 9.24 per hundred pounds delivered" at the Whitley farm on the Cynthiana pike.The hogs weie shipped to the Cincinnati market Tuesday.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMax Munich, Etc PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Morris Stern, Etc DefendantsWHY SWELTER IN THE HEAT?COME TOOLYMPIAN SPRINGSWHERE IT'S COOL AND PLEASANTBIG LAWNIdeal Summer SurroundingsEither American or European Plan. Only two hours byuto via Mt. Sterling and Owingsville. tZ' sOLYMPIAN SPRINGSARCHER P. BROWN o"- dUJrIrUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term, 1921, of the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMonday, Aug. 8, 1921at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of eleven o'clock, a. m., willsell at public outcry to the highestand best bidder the following described property:The northern half of a certain lot in the City of Paris,Bourbon County, Kentucky,known asLot No. 66, on theplat of the Fair Grounds Addition to the City of Paris, Ky.,the part conveyed being bounded and described as follows:Beginning at a point in theintersection of ""the land ofLarue Nichols and Collins andthe right-of-way of the L. & N.R. R. running north with theline of Brent Street a distanceof 252.2 feet, thence South of,Brent Street 40.3 feet, to theline of Larue Nichols and Collins; thence East with said lineto the beginning; being the sameproperty conveyed to the partiesof the first part by deed fromMax Munich and wife, datedNovember 15, 1917, and recorded in Deed Book 103, page 355Bourbon County Clerks office.Said property will be sold as awhole.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney, due six and twelve monthsand bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent. (6) per annum fromdate of sale until paid.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtednessof the plaintiffs and the defendants,the Peoples Deposit Bank and TrustCompany, in the sum of Thirty-FiveHundred Dollars ($3,500.00) withinterest at the rate of six per cent.(6) per annum from August 1st,1920, until paid, subject to the following credits, to-wit: March the1, 1920, One Hundred Dollars(?100.00), May 1st. 1920, Fifty Dollars C$50.00), and the costs of thisproceeding and sale.The debt and interest and costsestimated as of the date of sale atFour Thousand, and Thirty-Five Dollars ($4,035.00.)r O. T. HINTON,yTOasteKCommissioner B. C. C.(julyl5-22-2JTrug5)ONE LOTWhite Dresses$1.98(Soiled) Values to$19.75, ChoiceMillineryI One Lot Trimmed Pattern Hats,Values to $15. Special dyf QOTo Close Out at fl.SJOSALESIMON'SJULY CLEARANCENow Going OnMany Offerings are Marked, Regardless of TheirFormer Selling Price, at Low Prices Which InsureImmediate ClearancevSimon's Clearance Sales are famous -for their values, and thegreat semi-annual selling event is filled with offerings which makeit the greatest economy event of the year. Many of these afforda saving of one-third to one-half the regular price.These low prices mean immediate disposal, and are in linewith the Simon policy of merchandising, which precludes the carrying over of style merchandise, or broken sorts, into anotherseason.HARRY SIMON224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00Tip - - Jybu Cant Beat Ihisi$lifiiiBX THEN you pay your household bills,W G O. D. packages and all general expcnses with Protectu checks, you are surethat the amount of the check is protected:from being raisiflDyttccerityour checkis lost ancHmay pass into the hands of eitheran amateur or professional check raiserWith the Protectu system, yoa can make yourcheck proof against diedcraisinjg. Thischeckhasa series of numbers Kthographecfin indelible ink onthe end of the check By a cutting device, the endof the check is cut or torn when the check is madebut so that the highest amount indicated on themargin represents the maximum limit of the check.We havejirxanged to supply all of our customers-withProctu checks andalWectufoldmgpocketcover with cutter attached as shown in illustration.Others who wish to availthemselves of its use maycall at our bank and receive them without costby opening an account in this bank. We dothis as a matter of duty following our lonestablished policy of providing our depositors witthe best possible service in every department..BQUAliY PRACTICAL FOR DESK AND POCKET UM.Peoples DepositBank & Trust Co ,iif tNj' -?-, fftf ifVFRIDAY, JULY 15, 1921THE BOURBON NEWS, FAMS, KEWTUCKPAGE FIVEdlI SOCIAL AHD PERSONAL.Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseVOTE POE PEAECE PATON.oIMPORTANT NOTICEAll keys and seals held by electionofficers who served at the last election must be returned at once to theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton.This is imperative.QICE CREAM WATEE MELONS ONICE AT ALL TIMESWe have the famous Ice CreamWater Melons on ice at all times andsell them at the right prices eithera whole melon or by the slice.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.. oTOBACCO HAIL INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AGTS.HRST NATIONAL BANK BLDGL(l-tf)o.- ATTENTION, CANDIDATESFriday, July 22 is the last day tofile your expense account with theCounty Clerk. You must have ablank form to do this with. We havethe official blanks for sale. Come inand get yours, also the amount ofyour account with us.(15-2t) THE BOURBON NEWS.SPECIAL REGISTRATIONA special registration will be heldin the office of County Clerk PearcePaton on Saturday, July 23, for thebenefit of those who have become ofage since the last election; thosewho were out of town, sick, or detained at home by reason of illnessin the family, or who have removedfrom one precinct to another, toproperly register for the primary Mrs. A c Coons fn Georgetown.election August o.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.MATK1MONIAL.Chas. Truesdall, of Ft. Thomas,is a guest of Paris friends.Mrs. Mattie Thornton and little daughter, are visiting relativesin Akron, Ohio.Paul McVey, of Dayton, Ky., isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrill, near Clintonville.Mrs. G. T. May and Mrs. C. D.Gray and children, of Winchester,are visiting relatives in Paris.Mrs. Forrest Letton and daughter, Miss Mary Letton, have returned from a visit to relatives in Indiana. LIrs. Robert M. Hop&ins, ofCovington, is a-guest of her mother,Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay, of Eighthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Orie Howard havereturned to Cynthiana after a visitwith Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Asbury, inthis city.-Clerence Earl Hill has returnidfrom a visit to his grandfather,Henry Hill, on the Clifton pike, nearVersailles.Mrs. George Young, of Paris,is a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. R. S. Feeback, at the HatslFeeback, in Carlisle.Miss Nellie Mitchell, and JackMitchell, of Lexington, were guestsyesterday of Mr. and Mrs. RobertMitchell, in this city.Miss Mary Anna Kuster has returned to her home near Shawhanafter being the pleasant guest ofMiss Melva Ewalt, in Cynthiana.Mrs. John W. Taylor, who wascalled here by the illness of her sister, Miss Emma T. Smith, has returned to her home in Cynthiana.Mrs. Logan Bryan has returnedto tier home in North Middletown.after a visit to her parents, Dr. andK. OP P. BOX SUPPERCapt. Wm. W. Dudley is planningto give a box supper at an early dateas an inducement for securing a fullattendance of members of A. J.Lovely Company, Uniform Rank,Knights of Pythias. Due notice ofthe date and further particulars regarding the event will be giventhrough the columns of the localpapers. Capt. Dudley promises thisevent will be a hummer, worth attending.oWHEAT CROP SAID TO BE BADThe wheat crop in Bourbon countythis year is said to be the worst inmany years, not only in the yield,but in the quality. One thresherman told THE NEWS man yesterday he had worked over eleven fields-recently, and only one of the number had graded out well. The ParisMilling Co. yesterday quoted theprice of $1.20 per bushel for No. 2new wheat.KELLEY TAYLORThe marriage of Ira G. Taylor,Jr., of Lexington, connected withthe Lexington Dry Goods Company,and Miss Jessie Kelly, of JunctionCity, took place at Danville, Wednesday afternoon. Mr. Taylor is theson of Mr. and Mrs. Ira G. Taylor,of Shelby City, and a grandson ofthe late Capt. Ed. Taylor, a formerresident of Paris, where he was engaged in the dry goods business formany years. After a wedding tripMr. and Mrs. Taylor will make theirhome for the present at 109 Woodland avenue, in Lexington.FRANK KELLEYDr. Louis Frank and Mrs.Frank, of Louisville, have madepublic announcement of the engagement of their daughter, Miss Elizabeth Taylor Frank, to Mr. Frank J.Kelley, Jr., a prominent young business man of Chicago. The weddingis scheduled to take place at thehome of the bride's parents, inLouisville, on August 4.The prospective bride is a handsome and talented young woman,who has been a frequent visitor atthe home of her uncles, Robt. LeeFrank and Julian Frank, in thiscity. Her father, Dr. Louis Frank,is a native of Paris, and one of themost successful surgeons and physicians in the State.ICE TEA TIMENothing1 better this weather thaniced tea, provided you have the rightkind of tea. We have the bestbrand at the best prices.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.WOMEN START A2OT- CIGARETTECAMPAIGNThe fight against the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in Kentucky is shortly to be launched inLouisville." Parkland women connected with the Women's ChristianTemperance Union are taking thecampaign - under way and haveissued the edict, "The CigaretteMust Go." It is believed the organization is preparing to launch ananti-cigarette campiign before theLegislature at Frankfort next January as part of a nationwide cigarette prohibition movement.rMr. and Mrs. Jos. Ecton havereturned to their home in Winchester after a visit to Mrs. Ecton's sister, Mrs. D. G. Taylor, near Paris.Mrs. Charles P. Mann, who hasbeen seriously ill at her home onSouth Main street for some time, isreported as being on the road to recovery. Mrs. W. V. Shaw will lenvnext week for Petoskey, Michigan, Jwhere she will join her sister, and Iparty, to spend the remainder of thejsummer. sH. 0. James, who has been con- Sffined to his home on Pleasant street1for some time with a sprained Iankle, is able to be at his place of !business.Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Jones, former residents of Paris, spent several days here this week, renewingacquaintances while en route totheir home in Corbin, Ky.Mrs. Gus Margolen and twochildren, Sam and Frances, left yesterday for a pleasure trip to Atlantic City. Tney will make the trip inan automobile from Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. C. L.- Steenbergenwere guests for several days atCrab Orchard Springs. Mrs. LoganHoward, who has been a guest atthe same place for several days, hasreturned.W. S. Willette, of Independence,Kansas, and I. L. Cooper, of LosAngeles, who have been visitingfriends and relatives near Clintonville, have gone to Bowling Greenon a business mission.Robert L. Frank and Lee Price,of Frank & Co., will leave Saturdayfor New York City, to visit the markets for fall and winter styles. Mr.Frank will go to Saranac Lake, NewYork, for a visit of several weeks toMrs. Frank before returning to Paris, jMrs. J. G. Blair, of Carlisle,who has been under medical treatment in Paris for several weeks, was jtaken Tuesday to Pope's Sanitarium;in Louisville for treatment. An Xray examination showed Mrs. Blairto be suffering from a nervoustrouble.Mr. and Mrs. Barnett WintersVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.A CARJ) OP THANKSWe wish to extend our sincerethanks to the good people of Parisand Bourbon county for their loving kindness bestowed on us in thesad bereavement of our loving wifeand daughter, for their many beautiful floral offerings, and for thegenerous offers of their automobiles.We especially wish to thank Undertaker George R. Davis for his tender and considerate offices, our immediate neighbors for their faithfulservices and Rev. C. H. Greer for hisbeautiful tribute.CLARENCE W. BUCHANAN,FATHER AND MOTHER.For Sale1920 Model Chandler Dispatchtouring car. If interested, callCumberland Phone 391. (It)For RentTwo nicely furnished rooms inprivate home, one for business ladyand one for refined gentleman.Phone 453. Residence 320, Secondstreet.MRS. JAMES E. SOPER.(15-lt)Lost UmbrellaA black silk umbrella with thering in the handle off . Was lostsomewhere in Paris on the streets oran some of the stores. Finder pleasereturn toMRS. L. WOLLSTEIN,(15-2t) Pleasant Street.Losti have returned from their honey-GETmG Y 0R THE fces?. 'lZT rtVnBOOSTER TRIP gratulations of their host of friends.r, - . TT- , 4.-u i They have for the present takenEverybody is getting ready for the roons at the home of w R Blake.uig trip oi me jsuuiuuu uutcio lTin. nn -, . r?ia.th street.iU.., w 0next Tuesday. July 19. The pathfinders-have been out for three davsarranging for receptions at all thetowns and nave the assurances thata heartv welcome will greet allthose in line. Millersburg willsend a delegation to meet the Bourbon Boosters at Ruddles Mills andthe Chamber of Commerce at NorthMiddletown has pledged a supportso hearty that a great successfultrip is assured. Now's the opportunity to get acquainted with everybody else in the county of Bourbonand those glad handshakes willgladden your hearts and increase thejoy of living. Pack your auto full, iiu we Jl clIA nave a. ia.i, "fc,F grand, glorious timeBICYCLE EIDERS MUST KEEP0PF PAVEMENTSSeveral times THE NEWS hascalled attention to complaintsbrought to the attention of the police regarding children ridingbicycles on the sidewalks.The attention of parents is againcalled to the fact that there is a cityordinance prohibiting riding bicycles on the sidewalks, and providing fines for violation of same.There have been a number ofcomplaints recently to the policeregarding this practice, and thiswarning is issued to parents to keeptheir children off the sidewalks orthe law will be enforced, and eachand every offender arrested.This would seem to De a strongargument in favor of . municipalplaygrounds. If the children areprohibited from using the sidewalksas juvenile speedways ior tneirlicycles, and are torcea into tneits wiey are m musw i. u.over by ctreiews auww. ouare literally "between the devilithe deep blu ea." Wier,e canRay Clark arrived from B.attleCreek, Mich., Wednesday, to spend afew days with his mother, Mrs. Walter Clark, on Fifteenth street, inthis city. Wallace Clark, who hasbeen in Japan, China and Australia for several months as representative of the American Tobacco Company, arrived yesterday afternoon,to join the family circle reunion.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse will be the scene on the nightof July 28 .of another big "Midsummer Dance," to be given under auspices of James McClintock, "VailBaldwin and Thos. A. 'McDonald.An excellent orchestra has been secured, and all arrangements for theyfdancers, such as marked the previousf ones, will be put into commission onthat night.Mrs. Henry A. Power, Mrs. S.T. Chipley, Miss Lucille Chipley,Misses Sara Power, Elizabeth andFrances Greer, Miriam Galloway,Hazel Brewsaugh, Ruth Wheeler andOlivia Orr, all of Paris, are at CampKavanaugh, near Crestwood, Ky.,for a few days stay. Miss Orr willvisit friends and relatives in Louisville and Sonora, Ky., before returning to Paris.Miss Irene Bramblette, who nasrecently returned from the LelandPower School of Expression, in Boston, Mass., entertained Tuesday evening at tie borne of her parents, Mnand Mrs. L. R. Bramblette, in WhiteAddition, in honor of her housemmctc ivtiss Louise Berry, of Cynthiana, and Mr. Henry Couch, of Boston, Mass. Cleverly-designed placecards were at each guests' place andthe table was beautiful with lovelyflowers. The guests were MissLouise Berry, Elizabeth Rule, HazelArnold, Ruby Elder and Irene Bramblette; Henry Couch, -MauriceClark, F. G. Hagan and LabanGriffin. - .Other Personals on Page 3)Between Massie Hospital andMrs. Russell Mann's residence onPleasant street a Gruen 17-jewelwatch, luminous dial, with secondhand on same, also a black ribbonband attached. Finder return to undersisned and get reward.MARGARET PETREE,Cumb. Phone 757 706 Pleasant St.(15-2t-pd)1It's a grandand gloriousfeeling, afteryour bath, toslip on one ofour PalmBeach Suits.It keeps downyour temperaturethe whole day. -Such comfortmay be obtainedby an investmentof $15, $18or $20suf ely a merepittance forsuch comfort.JBpMbaagLikeIcerm jiiz.1 a m g B. 8 HIJLT-OL X JB. & jt .K 1 ra?)inThis Torrid WeatherIs the way we expect our stock of summer merchanchandise to go during our presentClearancefc5eL-LEvery Item IncludedNothing ExceptedPACK YOUR AUTO FULLBourbon BoostersTUESDAY, JULY1 9thMen's Suits$45.00 Values $3 1 ,9540.00 Values $26.95$35.00 Values $23.4530.00 Values $21.4525,00 Values $18.45$20.00 Values :. ..$ 1 4.45$18.00 Values $1 1.95Every one of these below cost andmarket price, to clear stock.EVERY PAIR OFShoes and Oxfords$12.50 Values $9.85$10.00 Values $7.45$8.50 Values $6.45$7.50 Values $5.95$6.00 Values $4.45$5,00 Values $3.95Boys' Suits$15.00 Values $ 1 0.9513.50 Values .- $9.95$12.50 Values $8.95$10.00 Values $7.45S8.00 Values S6.45$7.00 Values $4.75REMARKABLE VALUES 'Remember, Every Article Underwear, Shirts, Gaps, Overalls, Odd Trousers, Etc. Reduced to Rock Bottom Prices.LEWIS WOLLSTETwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home" CaSJ Oiar Siora "riorras". " 7-..-. jfear Zi "i ir'i'rrn I'liTTm iii i iiiiimi n1 lAtNow is the Time You NeediTiroysaeMideWdrAvagacrPORCH URN TIandVUD0R SHADESand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind at mJmMJwJWGREATLY REDUCED PRICES, iMVENTILATINCMake your selection to-day. PORCH SHADESRW3 H Cooling KvX-CH1 B ii rffV 1 ifcf""""iSELF-HANGINGIf it comesfrom Davisit is ridhtColumbia Srafonoiasare the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic SioPlay Columbia Records on Columbia MachinesTHE J. T. HINTrnvrnXJmEITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYJSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking. , , i mmmmmmmsi'-RMVf s -r :.251mmgo for their, amusements?1 .1' ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 15, 121 ' "SYMPTOMSWOMEN DREADMrs. Wilson's Letter ShouldBe Read by All WomenClearfield, Pa. "After my last childwas born last September I was unableFORTY-FIFTH IN THE RACE AND NO WONDER1iI wm! igl9&-t WKYWVMS ,lidl LdV'H HMi mmi HH HUAf.v.t" hhl.. m mr-.1 mi hi mr -b vb h h hi mi r-uv -.to do all of my ownwork. I had severepains in my left sideevery month and hadfever and sick dizzyspells, and such painsduring my periods,which lasted twoweeks. I heard ofLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound doing othersso much good andthouerht I would civeit & trial. I have been very glad that Idid, for now I feel much stronger and do.all of my work. I tell my friends whenthey ask me what helped me, and theythink it must be a grand medicine. Andit is. You can use this letter for a testimonial if you wish. "Mrs. Harry A.Wilson, R. F. D. 5, Clearfield, Pa.The experience and testimony of suchwomen as Mrs. Wilson prove beyond adoubt that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will correct such troubles by removing the cause and restoring the system to a healthy normal condition. When such symptoms developas backaches, bearing-down pains, dis-Elacements, nervousness and "them lues"a woman cannot act too promptlyin trying Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound if she values her future comfort and happinessiiHK:'w IkJNOTED EACERS KETTRE1)Believe Idle Hour, E. It. Bradley'scrack 3 -year-old filly, which brokedown while running in the SpringHill Farm Handicap at Latonia, Friday, with a sprained tendon, together with the 4-year-old Busy Signal, which finished her racing daysin a fall at Latonia, June 17, and ten2-year-olds from the Bradley stableleft Latonia, Saturday night, for Lexington and were taken to the Bradleyfarm near Lexington.Busy Signal and Believe Idle Hourwill not be raced again, but will beretired to the Idle Hour farm for"breeding purposes. The latter fillyhad won her last two starts at Latonia in brilliant style, although shehad come out of the last race withsuspicious-looking underpinnings.oHall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" conditio will notice that Catarrh bothersthem much more than when they are incood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyInfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is a.Tonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.100 VETERINARIANS EXAMINEDvDr. W. H. Simmons, State Veterinarian, and Dr. W. F. Biles, director of the United States Bureau ofAnimal Husbandry, examined morethan one hundred veterinarians, atthe meeting of the State VeterinaryAssociation at Danville, as to theirability to make the tuberculin testof cattle. The examinations will beforwarded to "Washington for approval.The next limeyou huj calomelask forSi I i? JTrfS 'wThe purified cnt refinedcalomel .-!ei5 that arenauGeaiecc, ci f s and zure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35cGrain feed builds only part ofthe chick, which makes scrawny,sick'y.bsd-feathered poultry laterbIMCO OATMEAL BUTTERMILK CHICK MASH supplies nourishment not found in grain, such asbuttermilk, sweet wholesome meat,pulverized peanut kernels and a largevariety of other ingredients, all for a purpose in making plump, full-breasted, full-feathered, strong, healthy poultry, in condition to ward off fatal diseases It costsless to use Simco. Yeu raise more and better chicks. Save a month in developingIF YOUR' NEAREST DEALER DOES NOTHAVE SIMCO, refuse a substitute n4 write usand we WfH supply yw freight paid & your station.Address THE SIMMONS MILLING CO ,Sime Wdg ,1 to 1SW. Water St.,Cmeinnatl,0.Write for free bklet "About Feedng"1 a ',. -JCQLVIN FAVORS TE AMENDMENTSState Superintendent of Public Instruction Gives Reasonsfor Changes Asked In School LawsKentucky is perilously close to theend of tlie line of states in the education of her children. She is only threeplaces from the end of that long line.This bare statement of a very disagreeable fact should force every redblooded man and woman in the stateto resolve that a change must bemade in the near future for the childhood of the state.The following statement, which wasgiven your reporter when he visitedFrankfort lately, is what the Hon.George Colvin, the present State Superintendent of Public Instruction,thinks of the school situation in Kentucky at this writing. Every man ancLWllllWP- ill ithe people. In education Kentucky"ranks forty-fifth among the states.Until recently the attendance in ourpublic schools was 37 per cent Ourteachers are not only the most poorlypaid but they are the most poorly prepared of any state in the Union withthe possible exception of two. It isnot because Kentucky children cannotbe taught; it is not because Kentuckyteachers lack capacity to learn or devotion to teach ; it is simply becausechildren and teachers alike have notbeen given a chance. No man wholoves Kentucky, who loves Kentucky'schildhood can be satisfied with Kentucky's condition educationally. Nothing has contributed to this conditionmore largely than lack .of competent,conscientious, continued, educationalleadership.' Geo. Colvhuwoman in Kentucky should read itmost carefully and then act definitelywhen voting on the two amendmentsto the Constitution at the Novemberelection :"Education in Kentucky in the pasthas suffered more from lack of adefinite policy and a continued program than from any other singlecause. Every four years administration of our schools is changed. Underthe law no State Superintendent cansucceed himself. Our school laws area sort of legislative crazy quilt Each,succeeding Superintendent adds apatch or two that may or may notharmonize with the whole. No business can succeed if its policies arechanged every four years. The administration of schools Is the State'sbiggest business. In no department ofgovernment is a permanent programmore necessary than in the administration of schools. Kentucky will nothave better schools until she has better administration of her schools.Kentucky will not have better administration of her schools so long as shehas politically elected Superintendentsserving only four years.Parties Back Movement."Both political parties in Kentuckyhave proposed through a plank intheir platforms to take the office ofState Superintendent out of politicsand to place it upon a professionalbasis and to make it possible for aSuperintendent to succeed himself.The administration of our schoolsought no.t to be a political issue. Therights of our children do not admitof any division of opinion. Democrats and Kepublicans alike believethat the Kentucky child should be givena school system worthy of that child.The two political parties do not differ in their attitude toward schoolsany more than they differ in their attitude toward the Ten Commandments. The adoption of the proposedConstitutional Amendment will unitethe two parties in practice even asthey are now united in principle intheir support of schools. The adoption of the amendment will give theLegislature the power to fix the termof the Superintendent; will give theLegislature the power to prescribethe manner of his election; will givethe Legislature the power to place theoffice upon a professional rather thanon a political basis. The State Superintendent. is the only school administrator in Kentucky that is now politically elected. The President ofthe University is appointed by a competent board because of professionalfitness alone. The Presidents of thetwo Normal Schools are appointed inthe same way. The superintendentsof our city schools are appointed byboards because of demonstrated fitness not because of political affiliation. County superintendents are appointed again in the same way.SHINGLE DESIGN ROOFINGif ' IKHRBM1-ggp.j a A FRGOUCTS ' ).:-XTGreat for Garages&JIHERE'S the ideal roof for that new garage ofyours. Bird's Shingle Design Roofin6 is every-thing a garage roofing ought to be. . v fNo matter what kind of a roof you have on yourhome a Bird's Shingle Design gara6e roof willgo well with it. Its red or green slatesurfacedshingle pattern makes it attractive enough for Jlany building.iGomes in rolls. Costs less to buy. Gosts lessto apply You use less nails and save time andlabor. ' iABird's Shin8le Desi6n lasts for years In caseof fire in the nei6hborhood you don't have toworry about falling sparks. They can't hurt gShingle Design. U$3Let us show you some Bird's Shingle Design Jroofs right in your own neighborhood.?BIRD & SON, c. CKtoablbhed 1796) Em Wmlpofc, Mac.PARIS DESIGN ROOFING CO.HOMER L. RANKIN, Manager(Cumberland Phone 899)Call Bourbon Lumber Co. Both Phones 1 22System a Growth."A school system is a growth andnot an enactment. It cannot becreated overnight. It mnst conformto the genius of the people of thestate. It must meet the needs of thepeople of the state. Kentucky cannotborrow from any state a school system that will entirely meet her needs.She must develop her own system. Itwill need Kentucky's best leadershipto develop this system. This leadership cannot be had under the presentmethod of selecting State Superintendents. " '"Those who tell ns that Kentuckyhas not suffered from politically elected Superintendents are either misinformed or are deliberately misleadingIs Not a Political Issue."There is no opposition to theamendment anywhere. It itas beenunanimously endorsed by the Kentucky Educational - Association. TheKentucky Educational Survey Commission insists that we cannot hopefor any great improvement in ourschools until this amendment has beenadopted. The Federated Womans'Olubs of Kentucky have endorsed it.Rotary Clubs and Boards of Tradeand Chambers of Commerce throughoat the state have endorsed it Bothpolitical parties have endorsed it. TheLegislature that proposed it did so bythe votes of the members of both parties. It is not a political issue. Itis not proposed in the interest of thisparty or that party; it is proposedsolely in the interest of the Kentuckychild. For the sake of the Kentuckychild, the Kentucky voters shouldmake the vote in favor of the tunendment so overwhelming that no mancould any longer be in doubt aboutKentucky's determination to have aschool system equal to any in "the nation."HOW CITIZENS CAN HELP EIGHTA HUEMotor apparatus has been of greatvalue to municipal fire departmentsin promoting rapid transportation tofires. Like everything else, bowever, motor apparatus has also introduced new problems. People whohave automobiles can travel to a fireas conveniently and rapidly as thefire department itself. In many citiespeople seem to believe that theirpresence at a fire as soon as possibleis imperative. These people trailalong behind the first piece or two ofmotor fire apparatus going to thefire, closing the streets not onlyi onthe highway leading to the fire itselfbut particularly at the place of thefire. The consequence is that secondand third alarm apparatus frequentlyhave difficulty in getting its position,quickly. All street traffic should berequired to turn the curb until allthe fire apparatus has passed.:b m i m iIB1:kBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4Baboons sometimes throw stonesat their enemies.gj0jK(Ji PETp XVWEm l mmWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laun dvv arvrftmn pps Ioyy1 Qw- ii, 14prepared to do work infe-rror to none, and solicit xyour patronage. 1xrtThe Bourbon Laundry iParis, KentuckyIXSKftPILES!If you are a sufferer with piles, hemorrhoid, blind or bleeding, you will get relieffrom the first application of Uale Ftc'RMdy (salve) for piles and fistula. Perfectly soothing; does not smart. $1.00 bymail, prepaid.t F.01E,Sttl MftdriarK, tlthHwWt, K;c-iftF) . ''""" ,,fl f ' T T T -M-TftTTl T 1 1 1 1 til 1 IH m njjGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceA.BOTH TELEPHONESay Night.37rli-ltF)turn iiiimi ii iliumTH BOURBON NBWS, PARIS. KKHTUCKTFACTCTTHfFRIDAY, JULY 15, 1S21'ANNOUNCEMENTSFOR STATp SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator frojm theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thapolls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEW are authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa, candidate for re-election as Repeatntativa from Bourbon County intka Lower House of the Kentuckylegislature, gubject to the action ofthe Txyters of the county at the primary election, Auguet 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theLower House of thi1 Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,1921.THIS MGTHER STATESSHE IS NOW HAPPYLouisville Woman Finds Tanlac Is aGood Thing Por Both Oldand YoungFOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob'Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate for.Sheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. Darid E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKWc are authorized tc announcePSARCE PATON as a candidate forClerk of tne Bourbon County Court,supject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921."Every time I look at my childrenand see their rosy cheeks and watchthem play I think what a wonderfulblessing Tanlac has been to our family," said Mrs. Mattie Martin, 1710Owen street, Louisville, Ky."It also has been a wonderful help,as it restored me to health five yearsago when I was almost on the vergeof a breakdown and actually was soweak I couldn't walk up and downthe steps. It put my stomach in firstclass condition and ever since then Ihave never had the slightest distressfrom indigestion and have felt strongand well all the time."I have found out that Tanlac isjust as good for children as it is forgrown people, and I give it to mineevery time one begins to look a littlepuny and immediately it sets themthem right. It is such a grand familymedicine, good for young and old. Ofcourse, as a mother I like for othermothers to know my experience andthat is the reason I so willingly endorse Tanlac both in private andpublic." (adv)oLeprosy Not Fully Understood.Leprosy is still somewhat of a puzzle to medical science, and the meansby which it is spread has never beensatisfactorily determined. The housefly is suspected of occasional agencyin the matter, but the case againstthat insect has never been proved. Ina considerable majority of cases studied personal contact with lepersseemed unquestionably to be accountable for the infection.MADE CHAIRMAN OF MEMOBIALBUILDING CAMPAIGNJames C. Williams, Louisville, hasbeen elected chairman of the Statecommittee of the memorial campaignof the University of Kentucky,launched, in 1919 to raise $300,000with which to build a memorialhuilding on the university campus inhonor of the 2,765 Kentuckians whodied in the World War.Mr. Williams succeeds Edward W. iHines, who died several monthsago.Mr. Wilson, who has been a member of the State committee since itsorganization in 1919, is a wellknown broker of Louisville, and wasactive in Red Cross work and otherorganizations connected with thewar.Since the campaign was launchedin 1919, $169,000 has been subscribed, and the State Committeethis fall will arrange plans to canvas98 counties in the State that havenot contributed. The nature of thebuilding to be erected has neverdefinitely been decided upon.oBOURBON FARM CONDITIONSthe primary election to be heldAugust 6, 1921.onFOR JAILER.We are authorised to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in .August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to the-action of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fapiiliarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the ofiice of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.The continued drouth has beenworking havoc with the crops onfarms, and only a long period ofrain can save them from the evileffects of the dry weather. Thercast week of dry weather andscorching heat has caused the pastures and fields to dry up. Thedrouth is showing on the tobaccofields that seem to be able to standthe dry weather about as well asanything that grows.The intense heat has caused thefiring of many crops, althoughtaken as a whole the tobaccoand corn are in good condition. There is still timefor the crops to be saved by a longperiod of rain, but the tobacco andcorn are beginning to be stunred.Most of the wheat crops in the county has been threshed, and the yieldis very disappointing, amounting toabout one-fifth of the usual crop.Oats are very short and the headsare light. Harvesting of the cropis now in progress. Many fields areso short that the grain must be cutwith a scythe or a mower.SURGEON REMOVES EIVE SPOONSEROM STOMACHA- HOME COURSE UX DOMESTICSCIENCEFOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the ofiiceof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy Cpunty Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR' TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the ofiiceof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANIOE SBDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.FOR MAGISTRATEWe are authorized to announceFRANK P. LOWRY, of Paris, as acandidate for Magistrate from theParis precinct in the Bourbon FiscalCourt, subject to the action of theDemocratic voters at the primaryelection on August 6, 1921.FOR MAYORWe are authorized to announce E.B. JANUARY as a candidate for reelection as Mayor of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic party, primary election August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic voters mthe primary election, August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN MERRINGBR as a candidatefor Mavor of the City of Paris, Kentucky, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary to be held onSaturday, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Mayor of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters inthe primary election on August 6,1921.-We are authorized to announce D.C. PARRISH as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination, for Mayorof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toFOR COUNCILMANWe are authorized to announceGEORGE D. SPEAKES, of Paris, asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceWALLACE W. MITCHELL, of Paris,as a candidate for the Democraticnomination for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceDR. WM. KENNEY, of Paris, as acandidate for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceFRANK SKELLMAN, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceR. C. RUGGLES, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceCURTIS HENRY, of Paris, as a candidate for Counciman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters of theto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on Auugst 6, 1921.we are aut-nonzed to announceGEORGE DOYLE, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominition for Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. WILLIAMS, as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES W. CONNELL, as a candididate for Councilman from the FirstWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceFRANK P. KISER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary elecion, on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceBERNARD J. SANTEN as a candidate for Councilman from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democraticvoters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic voters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJ. T. TUCKER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Third Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to tne action of the Democratic voters at theprimary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCLAUDE F. REDMON as a candidatefor Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6,1921. ' .."Twenty Lessons in Domestic Science by Marion Cole Fisher has recently been received by us for review." This is a complete advanced coursein domestic science and home economics boiled down to meet the requirements of the housewife and thestudent.The entire course consists oftwenty practical lessons one hundred pages filled with the most valuable information the housewife canpossess heretofore taught only indomestic science schools.Do you know the relative value offood, which fruits to use for cooking,what purpose salads serve, the correct use of condiments, about properkitchen equipments, about U. S. Government's bulletins, how to reducethe high cost of living, hoV to promote and protect your own and yourfamily's health, how to make housekeeping simpler and more economicaland pleasant by utilizing modern science in the home.This book, we note, is priced at$2.00 per copy and from what weunderstand it contains a complete$100.00 college course, and it is practically VFREE to every interestedhousewife.Write the Home Economics Department of the Calumet Baking PowderCo., 4100-28 Fillmore St., Chicago,Illinois, for full particulars regarding the book and how -to secure it.oASPIRINNamelL'Bayer" on GenuineA " ibuild afire in July?Heavy, starchy Foodsheat the body as a furnace fire heats the house.GrapeNutsis a cool and happy thought forsummer breakfast or lunch.Served with cream or milk,GrapeNiits supplies fullnourishment with no burden to the digestionThere's a ReasonSold by grocerseverywhere!Made "by Postum Cereal Co.,Inc.Battle Creek,MicM$an.djnas.. vr&W .iCSi-"lilssssslFive full-size teaspoons were takenfrom the stomach of Mrs. RosiaTucker Cowan, of Todd county, nearKirkmansville, when she was operated on at the Jennie Stuart MemorialHospital in' Hopkinsville.An x-ray photograph, previouslymade, showed the spoons very plainly, one being to itself and the otherfour nestled together. Mrs. Cowanstood the operation well and her condition is regarded as favorable.Just when or how Mrs. Cowanswallowed the spoons is not known.Her mind became affected severalmonths- ago and she was sent to theWestern State Hospital for treatment. She remained a while, then going home, was later returned to theinstitution. She often threatened toswallowed spoons or said she hadswallowed one, but no laceration other throat was visible.. oFREDERICK A WAT.LTS TO ADDRESS LOTJISVULIANSFrederick A. Wallis, Unted StatesCommissioner of Immigration, EllisIsland, N. Y., will come to Louisville,July 28, according to an announcement made Tuesday, to speak at ajoint luncheon meeting at the Rotary Club."Mr. Wallis is notably a man ofaffairs," it was said at the Board ofTrade, "and his knowledge of theproblem of immigration, now so vitally important, should make his address intensely interesting."Arrangements for the joint meeting will be made by George R.Ewald, chairman of the MembershipCommittee of the Board of Trade,and W. E. Chambers, chairman orthe Speakers' Committee of the Rotary Club.oAMERICAN LEGION MEN TO REVISIT ERANCEWarning! Unless you see thename "Bayer" on package or on tablets you are not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians fortwenty-one years and proved safe bymillions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.1 Handy tin boxes of .twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)Then the Club Adjourned.Some one told a good dog story andthe inevitable better one followed."We had a cat at home," related thequiet man in the corner, "which wasfond of playing with the wife's ball ofwool. One day the cat swallowed it,and some months later when kittenswere born they were all wearing jump-d$Q7ec6ers.'WaddelfsMPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedin until you have tried Dr. WaddeU'aP2 Remedy. Absolutely haixnlexaGna.tnteed to girre absolute satisfaction orfcaoney refunded. $l-50perbotifi atyomjraggist If not-write us.XH E1 3ULNII AEXSTLfCXKFord Plant Built 108,962 CarsIn June4,360 Cars a Day for 25 Days. 545 Carsan hour. In Other Words a Ford Car orTruck is Assembled Every 6 Seconds.How Is This For Production?And yet they cannot meet the demand. This is aa day of economy, and every man is trying to make hisdollars go as far as possible to get the best results.Your dollars will go farther toward buying a FordCar or Truck than any other car on the market today.If you need a Car or Truck, come in and let ustalk it ever.The 250 members of the AmericanLegion who tour France this summeras guests of the French Government,will visit the battle-scarred town ofSt. Die, well-known to Americanswho served on the old Lunevillefront. Not many of the defenders ofSt. Die knew at the time that theywere defending the house in whichAmerica got its name. In St. Dielived the Alsatian monk, WaldseeMuller, whose suggestion it was thatthe Western Continent take the nameof the navigator, Amerigb Vespucci.oSUN HUES HOME; BABY IS DEADThe rays of the afternoon sun,focused on a bed through a flaw ma window, set the bed clothing anre,it is said, and resulted in the deathof Maggie Perkovich a seven-months-oldbaby, near Benwood, West Va.The house was destroyed by theflames.tvip r.hilri'fi mother made manyattempts to rescue her daughter, buteach time was driven back by theflames and smoke. It finally becamenecessary for neighbors to carry thefrantic woman away.oHA! IT HAS COME AT LAST!Enactment of a Federal Sunday"blue" law, prohibiting among otherthings the operation of inter-StateSunday trains and excluding Sundaynewspapers from the mails, will beurged by the Methodist Central Sabbath Crusade Committee in a petitionto be presented to Congress tnis wee,u wn nnnoiinced by Noah W. Cooper,chairman of the committee, on leaving Nashville, Tenn., Tuesday, forWashington.o" Advice..We hand this out and ask no prlcaniiod know that you'll forsake It. Fofyqo. must charge for your advice Hyou want folks to taka It iCrkanstt$hmai Cat.RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYJoin the Bourbon Boosters TripJuly 19thIMecSMieCcj :;434"'I"I''i'4-a''I'C'-I''I"I''I'a''I"I"I"I'4"I'I-l'"I"'l''I'4'a-i-ll-l-i-inl.liMifil.t.tiBourbon CountyBooster Trip tJoin the Bourbon Booster Trip July 19th. Visit ourExchanges at Shawhan, Millersburg, Little Rock andGlintonville and get better acquainted with the folksfrom these precincts. Make use of our service andBOOST BOURBON COUNTYParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporatedi i m 1 1 1 1 ii H- yYiyvyvyi mmJust HistoryIn '76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bnt the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd his Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Become a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of theBlue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on amonthly payment plan. IYIELD 7.69k IWe pay 6 per cent, interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Fed-. eral Income Tax and the Kentucky State' 4-milT tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Company(Incorporated in Kentucky)156 West Main St. Lexington, Ky '. m- L(Incorporated) jHtfeiN&Vi -Sv ?-Ifci-VlisPACK-?J-5iltfTUB BOURBON OT5WS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY IS, lilt T"V! im Krf1HILLERSBURGiRELIGIOUS.Miss . . Dorothy Bonar is visitingrelatives in Maysville.Miss Sue Bascom is visiting relatives in Mt. Sterling.Rev. P. F. Adams is conductinga meeting at Winchester.Miss Sue Johnson, of Paris, wasa guest of relatives here Sunday.Miss Lula Best, of Mayslick, isvisiting 'her aunt, Mrs. Sallie Miller.Mr. J. W. Boulden, 'of Maysville, was a visitor here this week.Dr. G. D. Judy, of Lexington,is visiting his hrothers, T. D. andG. W. Judy.Miss Margaret Wood has returned to Lexington after a visitwith friends here.Miss Ruth Reynolds, of Jacksonville, 111., is visiting her cousin,Mrs. J. T. Jefferson.Mrs. E. Ml Millen and children,of New York, are visiting hermother, Mrs. Sarah Thorn.Mrs. W. Priest Kemper, of SanAntonio, Texas, is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler.Mr. J. T. Adair has returned to jAshland, after several weeks' visitwith -his grandmother, Mrs. FannieNorton.Mrs. Leslie Shrout and children, of Owingsville are visitingher parents, Mr. aifu Mrs. H. C.Carpenter.Mr. A. C. Strode and familyhave moved into their new home onTrigg street, recently purchased ofR. M. Caldwell.Airs r.has. Corrinerton has returned to her home at Irvine, after!a visit with her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. F. McDaniel.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Saundersentertained the ladies' class of theBaptist church Sunday afternoonon their lawn. Lemonade and cakewere served.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Judy wereguests at a dinner party Tuesday atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. HenryJudy, near Paris, given in honor ofMr. and Mrs. Howard Judy, of Lenington. oVOTE POR PEARCE PATON.There will be Sunday school atthe Palmer school house Sunday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Everybodycome and help make it a success.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church willmeet Sunday evening at 6:45. Thesubject will be, "Judging Unkindly,"and the leader is Miss ElizabethCrutcher.The fourteenth annual assemblyof Kentucky Baptists closed a seven -days'session at Georgetown, Wednesday, with the election of officers.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the ParteBaptist church, was elected secondvice-president.Following the sermon by BishopLewis M. Burton, at St. Peter'sEpiscopal Church, Sunday, the following received the rites of confirmation: Mrs. Wm. G. Talbqtt, Mrs.John F. Davis, Mary Forman Varden, Joe Varden, Jr., Noah SpearsHinton, Wm. Hinton, Walter S.Cain, Jr.HUTCHISON ITEMSMiss Aileen Ginn was a visitorin Lexington, Sunday.Miss Gladys Craycraft is visiting relatives in Midway.Mrs. Oscar Gray is seriously illat her home in this place.Miss Lilian Craycraft is theguest of Mrs. Geo. Jacoby.Miss Rosa V. Harris had asguest recently Miss Grace Martin.Messrs. Butler, Lloyd and OllieHarris were guests of friends at OilSprings recently.Miss Jannie Osborne and littlesister, Frances, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Joseph Smith.Misses Rosa' V., Pattie Lee andAnna Harris spent Thursday afternoon with Mrs. Chas Osborne.Little Miss Anna Harris had asher guest, Thursday, little Miss Nannie Lee Smart, "of this vicinity.Mr. and Mrs. Kelley Berry areguests of the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Oder, of this vicinity.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Walton, ofLexington, are guests of Mr. Walton'sAlsMOIAND1(OPERA HOUSeWI I2:00 to S:307:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYWandaHawleyIN'"The Snob"It is Youth calling to Youth in a playsparkling with action and clean drama.Its fun making cast includes WalterHiers, Sylvia Ashton, Edwin Stevens andWilliam Lawrence - each one a topnotcher. Have your sides insured before yousee it.In Addition:CHAS. HUTCHISONin "DOUBLE ADVENTURE"And Snub Pollard Comedy"No Children'Tomorrow, SaturdayHobart BosworthIN"The Brute Master'On the high seas and beneath thepalms of a tropical island there is enacteda colorful love drama in which the chiefplayers are a delicate, gently bred, gloriously beautiful girl and an iron-willed,steel-sidewed, half-tamed savage man aman who has ruled by fear and strengthalways.A large cast appears in support of thepopular star, headed by Anna Q. Nillson.AlsoHANK MANNIN"Way Out West"Monday, July 18thPauline FrederickIN"The Mistress ofShenstoeie"she couldto be theThe only man whose handnot hold in friendship provedonly man she really loved.A SUPER SPECIAL PRODUCTIONDepicting the vivid outpouring ofman's soul.a wo-ALSOA Century Comedy"On with the Show"and Pathe ReviewADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20csister, Mrs. Frank Smart, and Mr.Smart.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Groseand family spent Sunday with theirdaughter and son, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Osborne.Mrs. Gilbert Martin and childrenand Mrs. Ernest Fedards wereguests of their mother, Mrs. H. S.Ritchie, Monday.Mrs. Alonzo Ginn, who hasbeen confined to her room for several days, is reported as doing nicelyand able to be out again.Misses Lillie Mae Smart, has returned to her homfi in this countyafter a brief visit with her grandmother, Mrs. Sarah Watson, in. Lexington. Misses Melissa Humphries andMaude Curtis, and Mr. Albert McFarland were the guests Sunday ofMr. and Mrs. John McFarland, ofnear Paris.Mrs. Frank Smart announce3the marriage of her brother, Mr.Charles Walton, to Miss LillianGardner, on Sunday, July 10th. Theywill be at home after July 30th, atLexington.CEMENT!HAVE JUST UNLOADED ERESHCAR CEMENT.(22apl-tf ) CHAS. S. BEENT & BBO.ftfJteasA Great Shoe SaleThat will save thousand of dollars to thepublic. Get the firstchoice.eEHTS-A.TIOIN-AT,CLEAN 1WEEP SALEStarts Saturday, July 16thClosing Out Entire Stock of Footwear Regardless of Cost or Former Values!Read every item! Remember that our prices have always been the lowest for highest qualityfootwear. Values always of the best. Then consider what this Great Shoe Sale will mean to you inactual money-saving.Shoes Oxfords Strap Slippers for e entire fa,mil Fresh, new, desira-ble footwear, rich in style, and quality, tobe sacriced at PRICES WITHOUT PRECEDENT! Come early! Act quick! Many of these wonderfulvalues will go in a hurry.A Sale of SupremeValue Giving- Manyitems will be closedout at .50 cents onthe dollar.Ladies' Oxfords and Slippers at Cut Prices2.95Half Price Sale, former values C Gld$7.95 and $6.95, reduced to tfOiVVIncluding high grades in Brown and Grey Suedes, TanKid Oxfords and Straps, military and high heels.Ladies Newest Slippers, formervalues $4.95-$3.99, reduced to...Tan English Oxfords, Black Kid Straps and Oxfords,Tan Strap Slippers, low and high heels.A Big Lot of Ladies9 Oxfords and Pumps, High and Low HeelsValues to $6.00 Reduced to1.00Ladies' Most Beautiful Styles in Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Tad Kid and Tan Suede. Jt mmMost former prices 17.95. C WlReduced to WWa WWLadies' Highest Quality Oxfords and Straps. RichC.4-.,1 J i:.i. io rrr x or nm-Biyie uiu qualify. $o.ou iu $y.uuvalues. Reducedto4.9White Footwear SaleLadies' White Canvas English Oxfords and StrapSlippers, $2.50 values. - 0 eSale price :.P 29Ladies Sport Lace Oxfords and Straps, black trimmed$4.00 values. mSale price pa47Ladies' $3.00 White Strap Slippers, Military heelsEnglish Lace Oxfords, rubber soles and i mheels. Sale price , 99Ladies' High Grade White Sport Oxfords.$4.00 values reduced to$2.49Misses' and Children's Oxfords on SaleWhite Canvas Strap Slippers; all sizes 81-2 to 2.A wonderful value. 1 A QSale price pi.K7Misses' Tan English Oxfords and Straps.Sizes 11 1-2 to 2, $4.00 values,Sale priceSizes 8 1-2 to 11, $3.50 values,Sale price -Misses' and Children's $3.00 SlippersSale price$2.95$1.99$1.99Children's Tan Play Oxfords and Gun Metal SlippersSizes 6 to 11. $2.00 grades. di aclSale price l.KJChildren's $2.00 SlippersSizes 3 to 8, atLadies' Soft Kid Boudoir $2.00 SlippersNowMen's Cushion Comfort SlippersNow .$1.00$1.49$1.00Men's Shoes and Oxfords; Tremendous ReductionsS3.95Men's $5.00 Grades Tan and Gun Metal Dress ShoesEnglish and Bluchers. Reduced toMen's $8.00 Grades Tan Kid Shoes and Oxfords, all newstyles including straight last.REDUCEDTO$4.95Men's $6.00 and $7.00 Grades Shoes and Oxfords, Tanand Black English and Bluchers.REDUCED O ACTO 90.vMEN'S WORK SHOES; $4.50 Army ShoesReduced to$2.99Men's Tan Genuine Elk Scout ShoesSale price$1.99Men's Tan Ventilated Lace Oxfords, $3.00value, sale price$1.99EXTRA SPECIALS Boys' and Youths9 Tan Scout ShoesAll Sizes to 5 1-2. Reduced to$1.99Boys' $4.00 Tan ShoesNow$2.99Little Gents' Tan and Gun Metal Shoes, all sizeito 5 1-2, Now !....$1.99Paris' GreatestShoe StoreDAIWJU U AWhere Beauty andEconomy ReignA i-,-S , . .&IfVS7 ;v ,-7 -- -