5f iwiWjiK.-' '.Mgpip yvj-r-f s!J' ylfcL&''&&!.sn 4rfvrWfcmfT IffH5M i7t4u-PUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1921MTFni ww us-.-vsft'THEBOURBONNEWSsIbIPfTTO PRESERVEHISTORIC CHURCHMovement Started To Preserve His- Jtoric Old Cane EidgeChurchSUBSCRIPTION PAPEES.U U 1j said to have been driven by M. 0.j Biddle. According to spectators, theA movement has been started in child was directly in front of the maParis for the purpose of preserving chine before the driver discoveredthe historic old Cane Ridge Chris- hr presence, and he swerved thetian church, and the adjacent car to one side in order to 'avoid.grounds, so that future generations striking her. The child was knockedmay still have the privilege of see- dwn and seriously bruised,ing the place which has been term- ', J1 Dr. Lee R. Henry, of North Mided very aptly "The Cradle of Chris- dletown, who was passing at thetianity " time, picked the little girl up andThe general public is familiar with took ner to tlle People's Pharmacy,the history of the old church, in a where her inffiuries were given medway. It was here that some of the ical attention, and she was taken togreatest preachers of the Christian her home. No blame was attachedchurch, later termed the Disciples to Mr- Biddle, as the accident wasChurch, swayed multitudes by their clearly unavoidable.eloquence, and gave an added impetus and strength to the religiousmovement, which was then struggling tor existence, me oia cnurcnand its pioneers have been the sub-Jject of many contributions to thelocal and foreign papers, as well asto religious papers and magazines, 'all over the country. For a timeit lacked the care that should havernorflPrt siiP.li an important link in 'the religious history of the country, jbut loving hands took it in chargeand restored it to its rightful place.Back in the early days of the county's history the old Cane Ridgechurch was the meeting place forhundreds of enthusiastic worship-1pers, history recording their devo- j The Paris Ruggles team defeatedtion, and their trials and struggles, the Lexington All-Star team in theIt is now proposed to solicit con- game played at the Second streettributions for the purpose of pre- park, Sunday afternoon, by the scoreserving for all time the old church of 3 to 2. The features of the gameand the graveyard adjoining where were the pitching bv Burnett andreposes the dust of many distin- the fielding and batting by Woods,guished pioneers and workers in the for the Ruggles team, and the batchurch. To this end subscription ting of Rivers, who was responsiblepapers have been placed in the hands for both runs scored by the Lexof Mr. J. Will Thomas, of Paris, who ington team. The batteries were:will call on the people in a few days. Paris Burnett and Berryman; Lex-The text of the papers is as follows:"Whereas, It is desirable to preserve, as far as possible, and as longas possible, the old Cane Ridger1"1'. "" ,TQring of about four acres of land, witha frame church building and agraveyard containing the monumentof Barton W. Stone and many oth -ers."Now, the undersigned subscrib-ers .of this paper agree to pay theamount set opposite his or her re-spective name, to raise a fund, theincome of wnich shall be used forthis purpose aforesaid, and the saidfund shall be payable to J. W.Thomas, Chairman of this Subscrip-i 'We Know HowThe College BoyFTER all,Ais the keenest critic ofQ3B3 clothes.what in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inGreatest Favor withthe College Men AllOver AmericaNot only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. Weare ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college.Stetson Hats for FallIn All the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andOdd Pants4 sa1 mBi-i-jiir-i r i ni iifiiaiif II Ml I UHtLL & BLAKtMUKtB Outfitters to Men 19 STETSON HATS NETTLEJON SHOES I?? rCHILD INJURED BY ATJTOThe dangers attendant upon attempting to cross Main street whilethe thouougfare is congested withautomobile and vehicular traffic, wasgiven a demonstration Saturday af-tornnnnAbout five o'clock, while the( traffic was at its highest point andautos as numerous as leaves on atree, the three-year-old daughter ofMr. and Mrs. F. Metzgar, of Parrish avenue, wandered away whileher mother's attention was momen-tarily distracted, and darting acrossthe street, was struck by a machine,APPLES! APPLES! APPLES!THIS jg APPLE WEEK. WE ARE,TT-r m-,, Afp en pppJr(x "ES rrrnvm ncmBUSHEL. THEY WON T LASTLONG AT THAT PEICE. GETBUSY NOW. 99 OTHEE GOODRApfi.ArKrq nATT TT5 A"KTn aw-DK-brAUM &. OAlili U& AJMiJ Ix-LlOUE PEICES BEFOEE YOU BUY.PAEIS BAKING CO.,I. L. GLASS, Manager.oNOTES OF BASEBALLDOM: ington Carter and Carter,HOME-KILLED MEATSHOME-KILLED MEATS OUESPECIALTY. WAGON WITH BELLON IT PASSES YOUR DOOE.( C. H. MULFINGEE.i (septl3-tf)'tion Committee, to be held by himuntil a trustee shall be selected bythe congregations of the Christianchurches of Bourbon county, to takecharge and management of same in! SUch a manner as may be directedby said congregations."11bfm1IIIthe College BoyHe knows what'sBIpp1.1IPIPPPi6aPROGRESS OF THEBURLEY CAMPAIGNOnly Thirty Days Eemain ForThe Growers ToSign Up.CAMPAIGN CLOSES NOV. 15.With a barbecue and burgoo atDanville yesterday, addresses byJudge Robert W. Bingham, of Louisville, at Georgetown, Wednesday,and at Cynthiana, Thursday, andthe return of Aaron Sapiro, of California, to Kentucky, for a conference with the workers in the tobacco campaign at Lexington, Friday, the week's program of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation is a comprehensive one,and marks the start of the finalmonth of the campaign to sign 75per cent of the tobacco crop of theBurley district to the co-operativemarketing plan of the association.'The local campaign has progressedto the point where about ninety percent, of the Bourbon county tobaccocrop has been signed with the Association plan. This is a great showing, much better than most of thecounties in Central Kentucky, but itis the desire of the campaign managers to make it an even one hundredper cent. The time to do this isright now, "while the iron's hot,"Less than a month remains in whichto pool this crop of tobacco in theBurley Association marketing plan,and if the farmers of oBurbon county wish to obtain a reasonable pricefor their tobacco their only hope isto put it in the Association's hands,and permit them to receive, handleand dispose of the 1921 crop as awhole.Remember last January, when yourtobacco crop was not -worth hauling to Paris? The same thing canhappen again, and doubtless willhappen unless the entire crop ispooled and disposed of intelligently.Remember, tobacco growers that thecampaign for signatures to the Association's contracts must close on November 15, and if by chance someof the other counties fail to sign upenough, the marketing plan may belost, solely because some of the BlueGrass counties failed to sign uparound one hundred per cent., thereby supplying the deficiency of theseventy-five per cent, throughout thedistrict lacking in some other locality. There are yet a large number ofgrowers in this county who are notmembers of the Association. To themit should be a pleasure to seek Chairman Clay or one of his assistantsand sign up their tobacco. Helpmake the Association plan a greatsuccess for all time. But thirtydays remain, so do your part atonce, and come in.So important is this movementdeemed that it has been suggestedthe retail merchants of Paris couldrender a great service to the community by joining Chairman Clayand his assistants and visiting personality every grower in the countywho has not signed the marketingplan contract.oCLOSING OUT AT COST TO QUITBUSINESSFOR THE NEXT TEN DAYS WEARE GOING TO SELL ALL GROCERIES, MEATS, LARD, CANNEDGOODS, ETC., AT COST TO REDUCE OUR STOCK BEFORE MR.PHILLIPS, WHO HAS BOUGHT USOUT, TAKES CHARGE OF OURPLACE. IF YOU WANT BARGAINS, HERE'S YOUR CHANCEMARGOLEN MEAT MARKET.(14-2t)MEMORIAL SEBJVCE FOR REV.GEO. 0. BARNESA number of Paris and Bourboncounty people will go to Danville,Thursday to attend the memorial exercises to be he.ld in the DanvilleCemteery at 2 o'clock that afternoonin honor of the late Rev. George O.Barnes, the noted evangelist, whohad so many devoted friends and admirers here. 'The services will be held in the Ilot where a beautiful granite monument to the memory of Mr. Barneshas recently been erected. Themonument was made possiblethrough contributions from varioussections of the State, where Rev.Mr. Barnes had held revivials during nis evangelistic career.BOURBON NURSERIESCORNER LEXINGTON ANDBETHLEHEM PIKES.MEINERTZ & HARPER,PROPRIETORS.OLD TIMER DEADThomas E.. Kennedy, aged sixtyfour, a prominent business man ofCincinnati, died recently at his homein that city. Mr. Kenney was wellknown to nearly all the countrynewspaper men in the Ohio Valley.He conducted a printer's supplyhouse on Main street for years, andwas a gentleman of the highestcharacter. Thenews of his deaUi-wsreceived with regret by hii leMn, ofmeima m the t: country printingKENTUCKY SYNODCLOSKJESSIONSMeeting Enlivened By A ResolutionTo Merge The TwoSynodsBOWLING GEEEN IN 1922The three-days' sessions of theSynod of Kentucky of the Presbyterian church came to an end Thursday night with an eloquent sermonby Rev. R. L. Telford, D. D., of Richmond. The sessions were full of interest and were attended by largecrowds each night and day.Bowling Green was selected as theplace for holding the next Synod,on the fourth Tuesday in September,1922. A resolution was passed asking the next State Legislature to repeal that section of the Kentuckystatutes which legalizes the use ofthe pari-mutual system of bettingon race tracks.The outstanding feature of theSynod was the report of the Commission on Schools and Colleges,which was a part of the joint commission of the two Synods of Kentucky. The Commission reported toboth Synods that Centre College atDanville had severed its connectionwith the Carnegie Foundation, andso changed its articles of incorporation as to its being under the jointcontrol of the two Synods, and thatthe Kentucky College for Women,also at Danville, had likewise comeunder the control of the two Synods by a similar change of charter.The afternoon session was enlivened by the appearance on the floorof about fifty laymen of the-TransylvaniaPresbytery, the Northernbranch, who presented a resolutioncalling for the uniting of the Northern and Southern branches of thechurch, and asked for its adoption.The argument which followed was awarm one. The matter -was finallyplaced in the hands of a committeewith the understanding, as one minister put it, that it was not to report for the next ten years.. During the excitement followingthe presenting of the resolutionthe members forgot they were tomake a motor trip to the XalapaFarm, of Mr. Edward Simms, nearParis, and on account of the lateness of the hour, the invitation wasdeclined.At the Presbyterian church Sunday a resolution voicing the thanksof members of the Synod to the people of Paris for kindnesses extendedduring their stay here was read bythe pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie.LAST WEEK TO GET GROCERYBARGAINS AT MARGOLEN'SONE OF THE OLDEST FIRMS INPARIS HAS SOLD OUT, AND IS RETIRING FROM BUSINESS THISWEEK. MARGOLEN BROS. HAVESOLD TO MR. PHILLIPS, OFMAYSVILLE, THEIR MEAT MARKET AND GROCERY BUSINESS.IT IS THEIR AIM TO CLOSE OUTTHE STOCK THIS WEEK REGARDLESS OF COST. THIS WEEKWILL BE YOUR LAST CHANCE TOGET SOME GENUINE BARGAINS.TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS OPPORTUNITY AND LAY IN A SUPPLY OF STAPLE GOODS BY CALLING THIS WEEK LAST CHANCE.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.(lS2t)LAND SAIZ SHOWS SLUMP INVALUES.One year ago in February, Mr.Robert Smart purchased from FrankCollier, through the Paris RealtyCo., his farm located on the CaneRidge pike, near Paris, for which hepaid $400 an acre. On Saturday thefarm was sold at public sale by Harris, Speakes & Harris, to Mr. AyletteBuckner, of near Cane Ridge, for$175 an acre. The farm is one ofthe best in the Cane RidgQ vicinity,and has always been a very productive one.BURNING GREASE PAN CAUSES. . FIRE ALARMThe fire department was calledabout 5:15 Saturday afternoon byan alarm from Box 25 to a home onCypress street. A pan of greasecaught fire in the kitchen, the resultant smoke causing a neighbor tosend in an alarm. The departmentsubdued the smoke and flames witha chemical extinguisher.w 9--- "rr"LECTURES ON "CHRISTIAN EDUCATION." Dr. J. W. Lawrence, of Dallas,Texas, began a series of lectures on"Christian Education," in this city,this week, with the lecture at theBaptist church, Sunday afternoon atthree o'clock, and at the Christianchurch Sundav nteht at 7:15o'clock. Dr. Lawrence spoke at theMethodist church, at 3:00 yesterdayafternoon, and at the same place lastnight at 7:30 o'clock.The meetings to-day at the Presbyterian church, at 3; 30 o'clock a.m. and 7:30 o'clock p. m., will beaddressed by RevI Charles Alexander, of Minerar Springs, Texas. Wedneadavt the meetings will be held atUhe5Mthodist'churchr with Rf. Mr.THE BOUEBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirregular shoot Friday afternoon inEast Paris. The afternoon was perfect for target shooting and somegood scorete were made. The trophy,ten pairs of- silk stockings, donatedby Frank & Co., was hotly contestedfor, and after several ties were shotoff, the winner showed Sam Claywith a score of 96 out out of- 100.October 28, is the last regular shoot,then the traps will be closed for the iwinter, but to give the boys an ex-Jtra shoot, the traps will be openedFriday afternoon, October 21, socome out early and enjoy the sport.Score:i Shot At BrokeAmos Turney 125Alfred Clay 125Sam Clay 100H. M. Roseberry 100A. Buckner 10011611496939180805857554744-42341918191816'J. L. Dodge 100E. A. Brophy 100N. F. Brent 75Richard Jones 75A. B. Perkins 75R. H. Hughes 50Fred Burgin 50W. S. Haggard 50R. C. Ruggles 50J. M. Caldwell 50C. T. Hinkle 50F. E. Nelson 25Frank Sledd 25Dr. W. J. Kiff 25DO NOTFORGET WINTERHERE.ISBUY YOUR HEATING STOVES,COAL STOVES, STOVE PIPE ANDFITTINGS.OUR PRICES ARE RIGHT.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.LIVELY TIMES IN THE COUNTYCOURTIn the County Court, Wood Fisher,a young white man who' resides nearCenterville, was brought beforeJudge George Batterton and fined$10 and costs for an assault uponFrank Faulkner, another youngman of the same neighborhood, andof about the same. age. The difficulty arose over the attentions of, thetwo young men to the same girl inthe neighborhood.Dave Washington, who had previously been before the Court onthe charge of failing to provide forhis five small children, was againarrested on the same charge. Hewas sentenced to serve thirty daysin jail.Ed. Frakes and Will Flowers, bothcolored, were presented in the Courton a charge of shooting at withoutwounding. On motion of County Attorney Cline, Flowers was dismissedand was used as a witness againstFrakes. The evidence was insufficient to hold the latter and he wasreleased. During the progress of thetrial Robert Reynolds, colored, testified in direct contradiction of Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey, and was arrested on a charge of perjury.HMIMlMHIIIIMtttflHimillllMlllllltllllllfFRANK&CO.TLADIES' OUTFITTERSOur Line ofr iFall andUnderwearFor Infants, Children,Misses and Ladies isComplete, in Cotton,Wool, and Silk andWool.We are Exclusive Agents FortTHB FAMOUSFOREST MILLSUNDERWEARZFRANK & CO.. U . LADIES' XmiFlTTERS v v; prliCOLORED CHURCHREFUSED PERMITCouncil Eefuses Building Permit T'Colored BaptistChurchCOUNCIL ADOPTS ORDINAJTCEAt the last regular meeting of theCity Council, held in the CouncilChamber, the outstanding featurewas a heated controversy between,representatives of the city of Paris,and Attorney Wade H. Whitley, representing the Board of Trustees ofithe colored Baptist church. rlheCouncil refused to grant a permit tothe Trustees for the erection of elbrick church building on the lot recently purchased by them on Shortand Sycamore streets, the proposedbuilding to cost in the neighborhoodof $40,000.The lot which was purchased bythe Trustees of the church was several months ago placed in the handsof a local real estate agency to besold. The Trustees expressed a willingness to buy the property for achurch location. The price of $2,500 was set on the lot, which wasagreed to by the church officers.Before closing the sale the real estate people made a canvass of theneighborhood and offered to sell theproperty to any of the white neighbors for the same figure. No oneapparently desired to- invest in theproperty and it was finally sold tothe church.The Council refused to grant thepermit for erection of the buildingon the grounds that an insufficientnumber of property-owners adjacentto the proposed site had not been,properly notified. The matter wasagain brought before the Council,,and permission to build was refusedbecause, it was alleged, some of theadjoining property-owners had offered objections. The property isbounded by two streets, both ofwhich are peopled by colored people. Attorney Wade H. Whitley, asrepresentative of the church, gave! notice that he would file a mandamus suit asking that the city be reqired to grant the permit.Following the meeting of theCouncil the usual ordinance wasadopted and ordered published, prohibiting the erection of a buildingto be used for other than residencepurposes, where a lot is located on a' square bounded by at last twostreets, which are used principallyfor residence purposes, without firstobtaining the consent of a majorityof the property owners.oThe cannibal womenGuinea paint their faces.of New "Winter I' 4vtt.vB-tk Iv -vlJL ,rMsiii?ty..houMr;Ji:Afeader in charge.itiinfiiiiiiiPiiiiiiiiiniMHHMnnMMM"vtt-pti s JJ1U.ITHE gOljKBQW- NKWS, FAI MNTOCIa,P AGS TWOs.d4tTAMERS I TRADERSBANKfl PARIS, KY,r MtofMi Buslntss Jan. 3, 116P -CAPITAL.$60,00000SURPLUSi $26,000.00KEMTfCTYAMCDUitf"4rOFFICERSWnxk. P. Riser, PresidentSi L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. Y$. Mitchell, CashierJo. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .POUTED SPECIAL AIDERear Admiral Hugh Rodman, U. S.N., a Frankfort, Ky., man, has beenappointed special aide to AdmiralDavid Beatty, and will meet the admiral of the royal fleet, Lady Beattyand their two children at New York,October 21, the Navy Departmenthas announced.Destroyers carrying naval officerswill meet General Amanda Diaz ofthe Royal Italian Army upon his arrival in New York, October 19.Plans for the reception of Lieutenant General Baron Jacques, chiefof staff of the Belgian army, include the detail of two divisions ofdestroyers to act as escort for theLapland.oAmerica has approximately 10,O0O,Oj)O bachelors.JUNE 30, 1921H'OREMODEUKG -REPAIRING - CLEANINGT"SC FUR STORAGEtJlvWETANaa HAKE IIPSKINS OF YOUR OWN CATCHGREEN & GREEN, FURRIERSINCORPORATED113S S. Tkird LOUISVILLE. KY.(aug2-eow-12t)Yes it canbe dyedorcleanedThat last year's suit ordress can be made toappear like new. Sendit parcel post to-day.Swiss Cleaners & DyersSOS Sth St. LfvilU, Ky.VgUjJfKI!KixsiBourbon Laundry!iIIXIXDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4xI:xlXIXIXI.X.0 ds?7West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! jjwitn ail tne latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon Laundrjr(XIIX;Paris, KentuckyIX3HXI:4?M1THE studious caregiven by us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.niiiiiiuiiiiMMimii MimEDITORIAL FLINGSBourbon NurseriesNow is the Time to PlantGet your trees and shrubs establishedbefore winter.BOURBON NURSERIESMeinertz & Harper1$-nVWS-C!You must put much into a bankTo draw your interest onJ"The same with life," said one oldcrank,Accept the moral, son.mLexington woman has a poll parrot said to be 115 years old, whichspeaks fluently, but does not cuss.The owner could easily teach thebird a few cuss words by repeatingat frequent" intervals that universaltelephone slogan: "Line's busy."The average politician dreads theman who thinks. Just as soon asthe people begin to do their ownthinking, or when a majority ofthem engage in this interesting process, the politician must sit up andtake notice.A little "nonsense" now and thenIs relished by the greatest menBut since .the Volstead law waspassedThe "nonsense" hasn't come so fast.Are you one of those fellows whoalways wants to be let in on theground floor if anything good or ofmaterial advantage is in effect, butwant to be counted distinctly out ifthe tide turns the other way?We heartily endorse Fire Prevention week, but would like to seethe safety match manufacturers takejust a single day off and try to makesome firesticks that would ignite aFatima cigarette or a Portina cigaronce out of twenty trials.Paris man thought he had saidsomething when he remarked thatgolf had this superiority over baseball that it gave exercise to the gallery as well as to the players. Fromwhich it may be gathered that hehad never been present at a baseball game when the umpire was thecenter of attraction.9A Kentucky preacher made theassertion that the American womenwear the shortest skirts in theworld. Well, we have the prettiestwomen m the world, so why not? Itis getting so that when our girlscome down town it looks as if a division of Greek infantry were on themarch.The happy coincidence of YomKippur with Columbus Day was, ofcourse, accidental, but it may serveto remind people that there wereJews among those who accompaniedColumbus, and that Jewish bankersassisted in fitting out the little fleetof grace and good discovery.And now it is said that UncleJohn Shell, "Kentucky's oldestman," was able to get away withthe story that he was 133. years olduntil the Federal census cruellypulled the record on him and showedthat in 1860 he gave his age as 37.So he must have led a fast life, indeed, in the meantime, if his tale betrue.Rocka-a-bye baby, in the house top,Ere the rent day your cradle we'llhock;Shekels must come, or landlord willcall,Kick out the baby, cradle and all.m 9"Regardless of how bright youare, my son, you haven't enoughwisdom and understanding," says alocal philosopher, "to eliminate theprocess of absorption. You needmore information about your business. You can learn something fromsomebody all the time. You need allyou can get in the way of information." A tourist making a trip throughthe Bluegrass stopped at a localgarage and engaged in conversationwith one of the employes whilewaiting to have the machine's gasoline tank filled. "This is certainlyGod's country, young fellow," hesaid. "Well, yes, guess it is," wasthe reply "in the summertime, but Idon't know whose it is in the winter."tj$y -Airings jmrifc(Huntington Hrld-Di8patch)As often as possible get awayfrom thoughts pertaining strictly toyour daily affairs. Most of tfce jealousy, the misgiving, the dissatisfaction with the affairs of life that besetus are unreal and unnecessary. Wefeel them only because we hav.e earned them. Get out of "yerself .andforsake for a time every day thebeaten path of. business or labor.Go to the picture show. Get acquainted with Douglas Fairbanks,and if you can laugh at CharleyChanlin we can't take CharleyI into your confidence. Don't be afraidto smile. There's a good fellow onevery side of you. The boss is agood fellow, if only you'll find himout. The man who works for youor under you is a good natured human being capable or real companionship, if only you'll reach an understanding. Mirth has been called God's medicine. There are few persons whocannot testify the saving value of asmile. There is a story told of aman who received a wire while on abusiness trip that his business hadbeen wiped out by fire. The depression which followed this newsthreatened for a time his mentalbalance and he even gave seriousthought to taking his own life.While in this dangerous mood hereceived a letter from his daughter,a girl of nine, which read: "DearDaddy: I went down to see yourstore that was burned and it lookedawfully pretty, all covered with ice.Love and kisses from Helen."The man laughed, and the daywas saved. That glint of humor waslike a ray of sunshine in a dark cell.The spirit of the man was releasedfrom the prison of his gloom.Lincoln on the day that he readto his Cabinet the emancipationproclamation opened that Importantmeeting by reading from ArtemasWard. When rebuked by one of hisserious-minded Cabinet officers forhaving called them into an importantsession to hear such nonsense Lincolnreplied: "Why don't you laugh,gentlemen? If I coudn't laugh 1would die."Emerson has said: "Nothing willsupply the want of sunshine forpeaches, and to make knowledgevaluable there must be cheerfulness."We now put up "That Good Chili"in airtight containers, keeping ithot for as long as twelve hours.Half-pint 20c, pint 40c, quarts 75c.Take some home.BLUE, GRASS CAFEj--E.H. Brannon & Co. Props.(toJan22)TUESDAY, OCTOBBR 1, 1121 1Mattresses RemadeW take your old mattreee, remorate it amd put on a new tick wakkmakes it m good as mew. Give me atrial. We will call for and returnsame.Call Cumb. Phone 1042.(an19-tf)PARIS BEDDING CO.DEMOCRACY SPREADSThe grandson of the Duke of Buckingham, now master of Kinloss, agreat old English estate, soon toinherit the title of baron, has justgiven his fellow-aristocrats a terrible shock by marrying the daughter of the village blacksmith. Theonly concession he would makewas to postpone the wedding forhis protesting mother and familyseveral months to "think it over."This is another incident showinghow great is the social upheaval inEngland as the result of the WorldWar.Another is the recommendationjust made by the reconstructioncommittee of the government toabolish the. house of lords as such.The bill is said to be sure of passage at next session of parliament tosubstitute a "second chamber" forthe house of lords as now constituted. The provision that all peers of therealm are entitled to seats in parliament is to be wiped out. The "second chamber" will be an activebody, only half of them peers,elected by their fellow peers. Itwill have much less power than thepresent house of lords.The bill is said to be sure of passage, as it has the backing of a greatmajority of the house of commonsand the house of lords lost the vetopower a decade ago.oBe Faithful irrSmaU Thing."I tell' you, friends, there ii amaer, nobler quality in being true amdfatt&fuT in. tlve- little? tkin'si ef Hie,tmemia beittf mereic and cram U tmeDon't Overlook FELD'S Shoe StoreWhen ready for your fall and winter footwear.WE CAN PLEASE YOU IN QUALITY. AND PRICEAn OrdinanceAn Ordinance regulating the erection of buildings to be used for purposes other that residence purposes,in the Citv of Paris, and providinga penalty for the violation thereof.Be it ordamed Dy tne uoara oiCouncil of the City of Paris.That, it shall be unlawful, hereafter, to erect upon any lot of groundin the City of Paris, Kentucky, anybuilding to be used for purposesother than residence purposes, wheresaid lot is located on a square, or ona tract of land which is bounded bystreets of the City upon at least twosides thereof, upon which square ortract of land a majority of the buildings thereon are used for residencepurposes, without first obtaining theconsent of at least a majority of theowners of lots upon said square ortract of land, which consent shall bein writing, and filed with the Clerkof the Board of Council.2. Any person, firm or corporationwho shall violate this ordinance shallbe deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,and upon conviction shall be fined inany sum not less than ten dollarsnor more than one hundred dollars,or may be confined in the Countyjail not less than five days nor morethan twenty days, or may be bothof fined or imprisoned.3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions thereof are hereby repealed.4. This ordinance shall take effectand be in full force from and afterits passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARYMayorOct. 13, 1921.Attest: J. W. HAYDENFor Sale PrivatelyTwo New 7-Room HousesLocated on North Clifton AvenueEach house contains 7 rooms, 2 hall, bathfront and back porches, 5 big presses and pantry.Both houses are on concrete foundation and haveasphalt shingle roof. Concrete pavement will belaid in front and houses will be fully screenedpiped for gas and fitted with electric lights.These are both high class homes, built withthe idea of getting the most comfort and convenience for the money invested.One is now being painted inside, the otherone could be painted to suit the customer.We believe we can make the price on thesehomes as low as it is possible to build themand as low as it will be possible to build them forseveral years.Possession can be given about Oct. 1st to 10th.Bourbon Lumber Co.M. PEALE COLLIER, ManagerWe Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 248,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street.?.(augl5-tf)SAY IT WITHCANDYORPLOW E RSHOLLADAY'S CANDIESare home made and worldfamous. Why look further? CORSAGE BOUQUETSCUT FLOWERSFor Parties, Weddings,Funerals, Etc.BRUCE HOCLADAYPARIS, IT.NLowest PricesEver Quotedon Titan andInternational TractorsThe Harvester Company has made another big pricecut on Titan and International Tractors. This reduction wipes out all former advances and puts thesetractors at the lowest prices at which they have everbeen sold. -We are offering:International 8-16, $900This price is about one-fourth less than that of March1, 1921. The new price includes all necessary equipmentplatform, fenders, governor, belt pulley whichcost extra on some tractors.Titan 10-20, $900This is the lowest price ever quoted on the Titan7considering equipment included (formerly sold extra).At this price the Titan 3-plow tractor is the best value intne iarm power Held.rararaInternational 15-30, $1,750This also is lower than any former price. You cannot find a better 4-plow tractor for the money.All prices are f. o. b. Chicago. The Harvester Company advises us these prices are made regardless of manufacturing costs and that they do not guarantee tomaintain them. These prices certainly justify the immediate purchase of a tractor.We can arrange suitable terms for you. Come inand see us.C. S. HALL GARAGE,A 'tit x. '0r. FmuHBi andPIMMtft.. ltreat tWBfi."meemte;Wjrt.c'rf&FSffitrfr.i-,. -31TVfv7,1 e-j-'Jv:a-V,i"t.f TUESDAY. OCTOBER IS, 1M1-x 4Tp Jf .N4TM BOUKBOW JfKWI. TAKB, KBTfUCBI ,tJ f 1SELF-RELIANCEGOESJJANKRUPTTiin. Blood Saps Energy; Gude'sPepto-Mangan BebuildsThe BloodWrestling with a weakened condition of the blood is a desperatestruggle. Thin, watery blood depriyes the body of energy and causesa played-out feeling not unlike utterexhaustion. A man with weak bloodhas not the full use of his powers.He lacks decision, and vacillates until he loses self-confidence.Some men, and women, too, gofaltering along for months scarcelyrealizing that they need Gude's Pepto-Mangan,the blood-builder. Butwhen they hare taken it for a whilewhat a difference there is in thefeelings! The old-time "vigor andthe red-blooded hue of good healthreturn. The new rich blood gets towork, building, fortifying, liftingthe spirit up to the normal standard.Physicians have prescribed Gude'sPepto-Mangan for years as a blood--fruilder.Druggists sell it in liquidand tablet form. Look for the name"Gade's Pepto-Mangan" on thepackage. (adr)"LONESOME PINE TBAH" TOJOIN THKEE STATES4?An association was formed atPineville, by delegations from Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio and Tennessee to promote construction of akihway from Huntington, W. Va.,to Knoxrille, Tenn., via Norton,Ta. The association adopted itsiame from that proposed for thehighway The Lonesome Pine Trail.Major portions of the work woulde done in Kentucky, down the BigSamdy River, through Jenkins andfco Pound Gap, Va. Tennessee hasnly seventeen miles to complete inrder to make connection withXaaxrille and Ashville, N. C.Ben Williams, Ashland, Ky., waslattod president of the association.lHint for the Grownups.POSTOmCE TO TATE CENSUSOF NUlfBEBXD HOUSESIn accordance with an official order issued from the Postoffice Department at Washington, PostmasterJ. Walter Payne and assistants, together with the city and rural mailcarriers, will, on October 19, take acensus of all the unnumbered housesin the city ot Paris. PostmasterPayne will require -the carriers toreport the address of '-every buildingand place of business pn their routesnot supplied--with house numbers.If expeditious and efficient city delivery service -is-v to be' accorded, itis essential that nail buildings towhich mail is delivered be properlynumbered and equipped with privatemail receptacles. Without housenumbers carriers are delayed inserving the routes and errors in delivery unavoidably occur, especiallywhen substitutes are on duty. Tocorrect this evil it has been decidedto conduct a nation-wide campaignwith a view to having every building properly numbered and equipped with a suitable receptacle oropening in the door.No particular style of receptacleis required by the department. Itmay consist of either a slot in thedoor or a conveniently located boxof any suitable material. Housenumbers will, of course, conform tothe system adopted by the city. Contractors and builders will be askedto aid in the movement by properlynumbering all buildings erected bythem and making provisions for mailslots in doors. House numbers enable mail carriers to promptly locate buildings to which mail is addressed, and avoid errors and delaysin delivery.The house numbering system inParis has never been what it shouldbe and was never completed. Onehouse would be numbered, and itsneighbor would go unnumbered perhaps for months, and perhaps maybe yet. As a consequence the department at Washington has beenhammering at the people of the cityin an effort to have them completethe system, and have every housein the city numbered. And to thisend Postmaster Payne is asking theearnest and wholehearted co-opera-j tion of the people,INEW COUBSE FOB PAEIS HIGHJmd Tualclns mtk chilrire h-c-o 1 DbliUUJLilearned to be very patient with people jwie want to tell them stories, whentaey'd rather play their own games.4k mKXWVjT ji f .' ! niwi i - llTI. - . 1 . &BRIGHTSR.Jgg,4R7T7KTTTW2. -J5t,:Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In, I860In Crinoline bright,She ereeted her sweatsBy Coal Oil lightAnd later on,How time doei tHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.Bt the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a hnttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)The following course was openedin the laboratory and shop at theParis City School, Tuesday eveningat 7 o'clock. All railroad shop menare invited to come.Unit 1 A study of the characteristic means of representation in mechine drawing. Just sufficient practice in this will be given to insurethat the class knows the meaning ofthe symbols.Unit 2 Orthographic projection.This will be taught by having themen make pencil sketches of simplemachine parts. Drawings should becarefully executed, but no effort willbe made to make draftsmen, the aimbeing to make the class thoroughlyfamiliar with the means of projection in machine drawing. This unitcan be discontinued when the classshows evidence of ability to makefreehand sketches of machine partswith the projection accurately done.Unit 3 Section and the use mmechanical drawing. This shouldbe carried on by studying blue printswhich the shop will likely providefor the purpose, and later by havingthe men sketch machine parts,which are better represented whensections are shown.These three units ehould takeabout six weeks, four hours a week.A continuation of the course wouldbe mechanical drawing leading tomore difficult drawing and possiblyto the training of craftsmen. Theclass will have some , knowledge ofdrafting when they start, whichmakes it possible for them to getover the work faster than beginnerswould find possible.oComets Disease Carriers.Scientists now declare that cometscarry live disease germs. They further state that it is possible for thesegerms to travel to the earth from other worlds on the tails of comets.PERSONALSMiss Lena Rose continues veryill at her home on Lilleaton avenue.Mrs. F. S. Elder has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. B. V. Elder, inRichmond.Miss Lorine Butler has gone toPhiladelphia, where she will spendthe winter with friends and relatives. Miss Marcia Tracy has returned to her home in Winchester aftera visit to friends and relatives inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. J. Qunicy Ward,of Paris, attended the funeral andburial of Mrs. Harry Hanger, inRichmond, last week.Mrs. C. F. Vest and son, andMrs. Warner have returned to theirhomes in Berry, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Carl Latham, in this city.Miss Ann Thomas Ewalt,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JosephHedges, who sustained an injury toone of her knees some time ago, isimproving.Mrs. John Tarr, who spent thesummer with friends and relativesin Paris and Bourbon county, willleave to-day for Tampa, Florida, tospend the winter.The men of the Baptist church,and their wives were guests Fridaynight for an oyster supper given inthe church parlors by the BaracaClass of the church.Charles P. Hiner, of the Cynthiana Log Cabin, was a caller atTHE NEWS office Saturday, en routeto Lexington, to witness the Vander-bilt-Wildcatfootball game.Mrs. Merritt Shobe and son,Merritt Shobe, Jr., have returned totheir home in Salem, N. J., after avisit to Mrs. Shobe's mother, Mrs.Hannah Butler, on Vine street.John W. Bell, of the Hutchisonvicinity, is spending several days inOwen county, in the interest of theCo-operative Burley Tobacco Marketing Association.Mrs. Charles P. Cook left yesterday for Fort Myers, Florida,where she will spend the winterwith her mother, Mrs. Lutie Turner,and her sister, Mrs. Clifton Foxworthy. Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Terrilland Miss Sena Rion have returnedfrom an auto trip through Virginia,and to Washington, D. C, wherethey were guests of relatives. Theywere accompanied home by Mr. Terrill's sister, Mrs. Jesse Staley, ofCharleston, West Va.(Other Personals on Page 5)oCHILDREN WILL DISCUSS BURLEY PLANS IN ESSAYSilECEPTIOK TO OPE D. A. R.coifyEiTipir.A reception at the Mansion byGov. Edwin P. Morrow and Mrs.Morrow and a luncheon given bythei Frankfort and Susannah HartShelby Chapters, Frankfort, will bethe social-Jteatures ".of the. twentyfifth annual Kentucky conference,National Society, Daughters of theAmerican Revolution, which willconvene in Frankfort, October 26,for a two deys' session, crowdedwith important reports and addresses. The meetings will be held inthe Old State Capitol, the home ofthe Kentucky State Historical Society, and the delegates will be welcomed by Governor Morrow.Jemima Johnson Chapter, of Paris,will send a representative delegation to Frankfort to attend themeeting, and participate in theconvention program.WHAT'S 'SHATTER, BILL?The Lexington Leader of Tuesday,published the following item regarding a Paris man, who is a patient at the Good Samaritan Hispital, in that city:"William Bo we, 38, of Paris, wasbrought to the Good Samaritan Hospital at three o'clock this morningfor treatment of a gunshot and knifewound in the left arm which aresaid by officials to have been inflicted in an effort to end his life. Nocause for the act was given. Hiscondition was said by the hospitalauthorities not to be serious."Bowe was injured some monthsago when a motor truck in which hewas riding was struck by. an L. & N.passenger train at Montrose Station.A suit was brought against the railroad company for damages, resulting in a verdict in Bowe's favor fora substantial sum.HIIIIIIMIMIKIIIIHHIIIIHIIIIIHtHDyed Her TanSkirt to MakeChild a DressMIIMUMtttlllMMMMaMam- ; Jifft- ,.17 I 1 Ir7 - p!THE' U.N IXE.R.SJXaiC'A'RNEW PRICES(F. O. B. DETROIT)Chassis $295Runabout $325Touring Car $355Truck Chassis $445Coupe $595Sedan $660These are the lowest prices of Ford cars in thehistory of the Ford Motor Company.Orders are coming in fast, so place yours promptlyto secure early delivery.RU golfsMOTOR COMPANYSchool children of this countywill participate in a contest inCo-operative Association offers twowhich the Burley Tobacco Growers'prizes in each of the counties of theBurley district in Kentucky for thebest essays in the graded schools ofthese counties on "Why Father,Should Sign the Tobacco Contract."These essays must be submitted notlater than November 5, 1921, to theoffices of the Burley Tobacco Growers Association in the Johns Building, at Lexington, and a committeeselected by Organiziation ManagerJoseph Passonneau will pass on themerits of the essays submitted.The first prize in each county willbe $5.00 and the second prize $2.50.Essays must be written on one sideof the paper by the contestants andmust be mailed so as to reach theoffices of the Association by November 5.Information will be mailed to anypupil of any school asking for it andthe contents are to be permitted touse any source of argument theyplease in presenting their reasons"Why Father Should Sign the Tobacco Contract."Every graded school in the Burleydistrict may compete for the prizes,but only two prizes can be allottedto each county. Writers of essaysmay send them in at any time, assoon as they are written, and theymust not be longer than three hundred words. Ink or pencil may beused, but if a pencil it should be asoft one, so that the writing may belegible and easily read. Paper maybe ruled or unruled and the nameof the pupil writing the essay mustbe signed at the end with tke nameof the school and the postoffice address of the pupil.The counties in Kentucky whosegraded school children will be eligible in the contest are:Adair, Anderson, Barren, Bath,Boone, Bourbon, Boyd, Boyle, Brecken, Breckinridge, Bullitt, Campbell,Carroll, Carter, Casey, Clark, Cumberland, Daviess, Fayette, Fleming,Franklin, Gallatin, Garrard, Grant,Greenup, Hardin, Harrison, Hart,Henry, Jefferson, Jessamine, Kenton,Laurel, Lewis, Lincoln, Madison,Marion, Mason, Meade, Mercer,Metcalfe, Montgomery, Nelson,Nicholas, Oldham, Owen, Pendleton,Robertson, Scott, Shelby, Spencer,Trimble, Washington, Woodford.Besides these prizes in the Kentucky counties a prize of $10 isoffered for the best essay on thesame subject from Indiana, with asecond prize of $5. Similar prizesare offered for Ohio, West Virginiafrom those States.A prize of $20 in gold will begiven the writer of the best essaysubmitted, from either city or ruralschool,' whether graded or not, fromeither of the States of Kentucky,Ohio, Indiana, West Virginia orTennessee.This competition is open to schoolstudents of any age in either of thefive States. No essay bearing apostmark of later date than November 4, will be considered by thejudges. It is the purpose of theassociation to publish the prize-winningessays, or as many of them asit is possible to publish, with thenames of the winners.Each package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple thatany woman can dye or tint faded,shabby skirts, dresses, waists, coats,sweaters, stockings, hangings, draperies, everything like new. Buy"Diamond Dyes" no other kindthen perfect home dyeing is guaranteed, even if you have never dyedbefore. Tell your druggist whetherthe material you wish to dye is woolor silk, or whether it is linen, cottonor mixed goods. Diamond Dyesnever streak, spot, fade or run.(adv)"Korrcct" DietsStyle No. 412Misses' Sizes14 to 18Women's She36 to 46The beautiful dress pictured atthe left is of good quality tricotine; trimmed back andfront, with self tabs and braidembroidery. Colors, black,brown and navy blue. Thisis a stylish dress and very wellmade Very (jo rAspecial at - LsLssJKaircct" DressStyle No. 455Misses SizesH to 18Wostn'i SbM3 to 46The handsome dress on theright is made of French sergeand is exactly as pictured. Itis braid trimmed with invertedpockets at the sides. Colors,navy blue and black. Ahigh grade dress at a veryspecpricegiauc uico at a. vci.y! . ! $1750Cut Down Gas Bills.Comparatively few people realisethat the gas bills may be cut downmaterially by exercising care in lighting the gas. Hold a lighted matchover the burner, then very slowly turnon the gas. If the gas is turned onfull force before the macch is applied,a slight explosion occurs which affectathe meter and sends it forwardrapidly.Fall PlantingOf all kinds of Hardy Trees,Shrubs, Hedge, Grape Vines,Roses, Perennials, Evergreens,Rhubarb, etc., is recommended.Our catalog price list and guideis free to everyone interested ingood nursery stock. No agents.Special Offering of"KOKRECT" DRESSESHow eager one is these days to lay aside used things and wearclothes so supremely, delightfully new as these"Korrect,,dresses.And what a pleasure it is again to be able to get a fine highquality Mabley dress for a price so reasonable.Mabley's guarantees the quality the fit and the wear of thesedresses.foabltfaiewfaCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNIED 1&77.Fountain Square, CINCINNATIMinmmininmmnmniuiimnmnnniiiH. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsLexington, Ky.(sep30-8wks)Less Than Seven Cents Per DayA HOME TELEPHONEwith modern equipment and courteous operators at. yourservice day and night in your residence for a fractionless than seven cents per day.GIVE US YOUR ORDERParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.f IncorporatedMtMIMMMIIMMIMIMHIIimfiniKMIHIMWBourbon News Advertisers Get Results.-Making a Storm.Looking at a wind and rain stormon the screen, does everyone know thatthe wind is mace by a large truck withpropellers in front that1 wkirr at a terTific speed while high, overhead a aompoura down the" drfyingx ralnl lfjwJOIN OURCHRISTMAS PHONOGRAPH CLUBLimited to 25 Members OnlyOURiX 1 CiSs?sa'53ijWS8V, Our Special OfferSaves You from $25to $60 on EveryPathe PhonographYou Buy Now.CHRISTMASPLAN' We suggest that you select your Pathe from eurstock now, make a small deposit each week until Christ- $25.00 worth of Records ofmas, then have it delivered of your own selection.and arrange to pay the bal- h -rr-i j.J $35.00 Electric Motor withance each week until paid HI li fc5 very Cabinet Model.for. M m No dealer can offer you moreJoin Our Christmas Club Today and Be Sure of a Pathefor Christmas. Limited to 25 Members.IELsnsr.FiIAPHONOGRAPH DEPARTMENTBROOKS SNAPP DRUG COMPANYm.I-?-m;--.;2itrrlmfimmm9Xark ,Eveniaa; EmL . f bfWjm n. Jrvsiwwvvjwi--TVf '-!. T -4r-- .-.fi' fV'. ' .i.V -S i I ai A a " " v .'W3'- v"j N,- Vtaw: bourbon mews "ram,'iw - -, v, TUSDAY,OCTOBIJtlSrimPAGKTWTW- .!.-Ij0IIinfifYk4WANTED, F.urnished room in private home,one with private hath, if possible.Address P. O. Box 202, Paris, Ky. ,WINCHESTER STREETPROPERTY FOR SALEI am willing to sell all my prop-ing of two nice cottages, 'with all I in the first half of the i gamfe , searFOOTBALL NOTESThe Paris High School footballeleven went down in defeat beforethe Pineville Hi heavyweights, ingame played on MTcClintock Field,Friday afternoon, wnen the visitorstook the larger end of the 12 to 7score. The contest was featured bythe consistent playing of Tucker andNash for Paris, and some "roughhouse" work on the part of the Pineville team. The locals held the visitors to a scoreless game in the firstquarter and led the mountain boysmodern conveniences, each lot 5 Ox200 feet; also a vacant lot in the jrear, 100x336 feet, more or less.Anyone wishing to learn full particulars concerning the property,terms, etc., may call on me at Mrs.Anna Chappell's residence, on Seventh street.MRS. LIZZIE M. BROWN.XlS-oct-tf)NOTICE OF STOCKELECTIONNotice is hereby given that anelection will be held in the votingprecincts of North Middletown Magisterial precinct, being in NorthHiddetown Nos. lf 2 and 3 votingprecincts, to ascertain the will ofthe voters in said precincts on thefollowing questions:, "Are you in favor of making itunlawful for cattle or any speciesthereof, including hogs and horses,(to run at large on the public highways and unenclosed lands of NorthMiddletown Magisterial Precinct,composed of the three voting precincts of North Middletown Nos. 1,2 and 3, Bourbon County, Kentucky?" Said question will be voted on atthe regular November election to,be held in said county and at saidprecincts on the 8th day of November, 1921. All persons who areing seven points against Pineville'ssix. In the last quarter .rinevmescored a second touchdown. Thelocals were outweighed about twentypounds to the man. The Paris teamshowed excellent fighting spirit andthe effects of careful training.The Millersburg Military Instituteteam defeated the Lexington Modelteam on the M. M. I. grounds Fridayafternoon, bv the score of 21 to 7,i in a very interesting game. NeitherI team was able to score in the firsthalf. Becraft, Adams, Stone anaMartin did the star work for the M.M. I., while Dillon and Mandt didthe best work for the visitors. TheCadets' next game will be with theCvnthiana High School on the M. M.1 1, grounds Saturday.Vanderbile University defeated tlieKentucky Wildcats in the game atLexington, Saturday aiternoon oythe score of 21 to 14. Bobby Lavin,of Paris, featured several stages ofthe game for the Wildcats. Sporting writers, in accounts of the gamegave Lavin the following:"In the most thrilling dash of theafternoon's entertainment, 'Bobby'Lavin wiggled through a horde ofblack and gold warriors for a touchdown. "With the exception of an untimely fumble of Neely's punt in thefirst quarter, 'Bobby' Lavin playedthe greatest game of his remarkablefootball career. The diminutive fieldgeneral was in the thick of everyplay and, when line plunges failed,skirted the ends for long gains, refusing to be stopped long after hisDEATHSM'Life Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayFOXMrs. Lucy Fox, aged eighty-five,widow of the late Wm. P. Fox, ofParis, died Friday at the St. Elisabeth Hospital, in Covington, fromthe infirmities of age. The funeraltook place Saturday afternoon, followed by interment in Linden GroveCemetery, in Covington.legal electors in said three precincts are entitled to vote on said interference was doWned.question.Paris, Ky., October 14, 1921.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County(18-21-25-28)Hi nJTTKORM-Don't Let theCold WeatherCatch YouWithout AnOvercoatWhen you can purchaseone from us$15 to $60OUR SUITSare of the finest styleand quality$25 to $50Price & Co.Clothiersand Furnishers,"Little 'Bobby' Lavin and BruceFuller were partners in a passinggame in the last quarter thatthreatened to give the Wildcats thetouchdown necessary to tie the Commodores. Though twelve of theaerial shoots went wide of outtretched arms a total of 115 yardswas gained in the last two periods,largely by use of them. Pribbleand Lavin had the honor of carrying over the Wildcat touchdowns."CITY TAXES DUE: PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TUEtfED OVER TO ME POECOLLECTION. YOUE TAXES AEENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PEOMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLES-DEPOSITBANK AND TEUSTCOMPANY.C. K. THOMAS,(Oct 4-tf) CoUector.BLUE GEASS EDITOES TO POEMASSOCIATIONAt a meeting of Central Kentuckynewspaper men, held at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, Friday, attended by twenty editors and publishers,it was decided to organize the BlueGrass Publishers' Association, andto make the organization a permanent one. The organization will becompleted and officers elected at ameeting to be held in Danville, onNovember 5. That date was chosenthat the editors might see Kentucky's two greatest football teams inaction, since on that date the University of Kentucky plays the CentreCollege team. The editors also considered an advertising feature section which was explained by therepresentative of an Iowa agency.Those who attended the meetingwere: B. F. Fogerty, Ashland; W. L.Dawson, LaGrange; D. M. Hutton,Harrodsburg; A. A. Bowman, Versailles; B. B. Cozine, Sttelbyville; J.M. Allen, Cynthiana; J. C. Alcock,Danville; S. H. Sufley, Richmond;E. A. Gullion, Newcastle; J. L. Holliday, Jackson; H. V. Bell, Lawrenceburg; R. L. Elkin, Lancaster;R. L. Westover, Williamstown; CecilWilliams, Somerset; G. B. Sneff, Mt.Sterling; J. D. Moran, Springfield;Swift Champ, Paris; C. R. Bush,Georgetown; Mrs. Elizabeth DooleyWood, Flemingsburg; Mr. Groley,Vanceburg; R. M. Feese, Somerset.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP tfOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TUENED OVEE TO ME POECOLLECTION. YOUE TAXES AEENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PEOMPTLYAT MY OFECE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TEUST COMPANY. C. K. THOMAS.(Oct 4-tf) Collector.PUBLIC SALEFive-Room Modern CottageTuesday, October 25, 1921,At 2:30 P. M.Having purchased the M. J. Liavin property, I will offer for salepublicly, my home, located at No. 7 35 Henderson Street, in the city ofParis, Ky.This is a modern cottage in every respect, consisting of bath cphir?lete, gas and electric lights through the entire house. The house' wasewly painted, paperedand roofed this spring. The location of the-property cannot be excelled, as it is close to the Paris High School,a 4 witkim a short distance of the busineas section of the city.' ,. , This is to be am absolute sale, rain or shine. Tton't forget the dateFor further particulars, apply to, H4ii, SF&ups ;hjjlis,BOARDMANMrs. Minerva Boardman, believed to be the oldest woman inBourbon county, died yesterdaymorning at three o'clock, at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. McClure,near Little Rock. About two weeksago Mrs. tfoaraman contracted adeep cold, from the effects of whichshe never fully recovered. She wasone of the pioneer settlers of Bourbon county, and had an extensiveacquaintance in the county, as wellas a large number of relatives inthis and surrounding counties.The funeral will be held Wednesday morning at eleven o'clock, .atLittle Rock, the burial following inthe North Middletown Cemetery.SHEELER.Following a protracted illness,due to heart trouble, Mr. Henry Adams Sheeler, a well-known residentof Millersburg, died at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, atan early hour Friday morning.Mr. Sheeler was in his sixty-eighthyear at the time of his death. He hadmade Millersburg his home for manyyears, following an extended residence in Texas, where he had beenengaged in business ventures.Mr. Sheeler is survived by twodaughters, Mrs. William CCrouch, ofMillersburg, and Mrs. Annie Grinnell, of near Paris; two sons, Wm.Sheeler, of Berry, and ThomasSheeler, of Paris; three brothers,Jacob Sheeler, of Mason county,George Sheeler, of Los Ange-les,Cali., I. S. Sheeler, or Mt. Olivet.The funeral was held at theChristian church, in Millersburg,Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. W.J. Slater, pastor of the church. Theburial followed on the family lot inthe -.Millersburg Cemetery.oFOR SALEExtraordinary Offering---3COAT SPECIALS. iGROUP NO. 1CHOICE$29.50GROUP NO. 2CHOICE$39.50See Window DisplayGROUP NO. 3CHOICE. $49.50AH Wanted Materials and ColorsTWO HEW HOUSES A1TD LOTS,LOCATED ON CUTTON AW.TCTTF.EACH C0ITTAINI1TG 7 ROOMS, 2HALLS, BATH, ER02TT AND BACKPORCH AND PANTRY.CONCRETE FOUNDATION ANDASPHALT, SHINGLE ROOF.INSIDE PAINTING NOW BEINGDONE.POSSESSION CAN BE GIVENABOUT OCTOBER 1ST.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. PEALE COLLIER, MGR.(sept27-tf)RELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligiousCircles .For iTesent andFutureThe Auxiliary of the Paris PresPresbj'terian church will meet inthe church parlors this (Tuesday)afternoon, at three o'clock. All members are urged to be present.The Bible confecences on Christian Fundamentals are attractinggood audiences, and proving veryhelpful. On Sunday afternoon andthree times on Monday, Dr. J. W.Lawton, of Dallas, Texas, spoke tothe delight and profit of all whoheard him. On Sunday evening, Dr.J. W. Thompson, of GeorgetownCollege, preached to a packed houseat the Christian church on 'What IfJesus Had Not Risen From TheDead?" On Tuesday the conferenceswill be held at the Presbyterianchurch, and on Wednesday at theBaptist church. Dr. Charles Alexander, of Kansas City, Mo., will bein charge on these days. His subjects are "Early Foregleams of TheMessiah," "The Unity of the FourGospels or the Fourfold Picture ofOur Lord," "The Gosppel of Mark, ora Picture of the Divine Servant.""Four Aspects of the Sonship ofJesus, or Whose Son Is He?" "ThePreciousness of Christ, or What IsHe to the Believer?" "From Gloryto Glory or the Dispensational Unfoldings of the Son of God." Thehours of meeting are 10:00 a. m..3:00 p. m. and 7:30 p. m. All whoattend are requested to bring theirBibles.WOUNDED OFFICER RECOVERING.City Marshal R. T. Murray, ofMillersburg, who was taken to theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, a week ago, suffering from agunshot wound inflicted by PriceJohnson, Millersburg negro, hasbeen taken to his home in Millersburg. He is recovering rapidly.Murray was attempting to searchJohnson's home for contrabandliquor when shot.DO NOT FORGET WINTER JSs HERE.BUY YOUR HEATING STOVES,COAL STOVES, STOVE PIPE ANDFITTINGS. j,OUR PRICES ARE RIGHT.FARMERS SUPPLY CO. i.HARRYMON"The Daylight Store"224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00WALSH'SThe Store That Men and YoungMen Come To For Clothes ofStyle, Fit and QualityA new flivver is being made eveytwenty seconds now. But what ateyou going to do about it?hA camel cango eight days witfcout a. drink, arid aomi mam mi. arcStyle, fit and quality are the three essential things ina suit, and it is our aim to give all of these in every suitwe sell. tNew styles for young men are shown this season.One of the most popular models is the Sport Coats shownin different varieties of fancy pleated backs with half orthree-quarter belts. Fancy patch pockets are added toimprove the looks of these models, and you can selectfrom single and double breasted coats.When it comes to fit, we'll let our mirror tell thatstory, and you'll be pleased with any model you try on.Quality is the most important factor, and you areassured of the best when you come here. - Only fabricsof long-wearing qualities have been selected in all oursuits. Come in to-day you'll be more than pleasedwith the values we offer.MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S SUITS$18.00 to $55.007th and Main- - HomeP. WALSHOne-Price StorePhone 446Paris, Ky.Cumb. Ptione SOii)v-$:VV.- V -.I TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1921iTHE BOURBON NEWS. PAKS, mffUUilV!"PERSONALSBIRTHSmumiAimiiiummmMMaMWMmi- fPAN WWt0522aaC3-535E2!aTBEi T.w.a1a.o Uso L ITNever Too Busy to Please3)0 NOT PORGrET WINTER ISHERE.BUY YOUR HEATING STOVES,COAL STOVES, STOVE PIPE ANDSITTINGS. wOUR PBICES ARE RIGHT.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.EVENING SCHOOL FOR RAILROAD MACHINE MEN.Don't forget the evening class inmechanical drawing and shop mathematics starts to-night (Tuesday) at7:30 o'clock at the Paris HighSchool. This course is open to all-who wish to take advantage of it.Come on time, promptly at 7:30p. m.oPISH PRY AT XALAPAThe Bourbon County Game andPish Club will give an elaboratefish fry at Xalapa Farm to-day. Abountiful supply of fish and otherdelicacies has been provided for theoccasion. Members of the Club andfriends of fish and game conservation will put in an enjoyable timewith "good things to eat" featured.APPLES! APPLES! APPLES!THIS IS APPLE WEEK. WE ARESELLING THEM AT $2.50 PERBUSHEL. THEY WONT LASTLONG AT THAT PRICE. GETBUSY NOW. 99 OTHER GOODBARGAINS. CALL US AND GETOUR PRICES BEFORE YOU BUY.PARIS BAKING CO.,I. L. GLASS, Manager.o-M. M. I. ARTICLES AMENDEDAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Millersburg Militaryoriginal articles of incorporationwere amended to read: "The highestamount of indebtedness or liabilitywhich the incorporation at any timemay incur shall be $50,000." Theoriginal articles of incorporationcalled for a limitation of indebtedness to $25,000.oFINED FOR SPEEDINGIn Police Court Special TrafficPatrolman Orie Feeback presentedHarvey Delaney and Fielding Rogers, both charged with violation ofthe automobile speed laws. Delaneyentered a plea of not guilty, and after trial was fined $20. Rogerspleaded guilty and was fined $10.Warrants were issued for ColemanReynolds, of Lexington, and JamesIngels, of Paris, charging them withneeding.oGIRL SCOUTS ENTERTAINThe Girl Scouts were delightfullyentertained by Mrs. Hiram Roseherry at her beautiful country homeon the Cane Ridge pike, on Saturday.The young folks enjoyed gatheringwalnuts, and at noon a delightful"lunch was served, consisting of allkinds of good things to eat.The following enjoyed the hospitality of this young matron: MissLilian Talbott, Miss Katherine Wallingford, Miss Vivian Wallingford,Miss Alberta Myers, Miss ElizabethGaitskill, Miss Eleanor Swango,Miss Dorothy Trisler, Miss MargaretHill, Miss Emily Fithian, Miss Eleanor Payne, Miss Virginia Cahal.Comings and Goings of Some YouKnow and Others You.Don't.NEW LUNCH COUNTERI have just opened a neat andclean lunch counter and restaurantin connection with the Bone Drystand next to C. P. NCook's grocery.I will have the best of soups, roasts,sandwiches, oysters, short orders,etc. Would appreciate a share ofyour patronage.(lS-tf) A. C. DODSON.TAXPAYERS NOTICE.TO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES FOR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SOPEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK .ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.(oct-18-to-decl)"GOES BY BOARD."THE PROPOSED FALL FESTIVALThe Fall Festival and Style Show,which was planned to be held in theParis house of the Bourbon Tobacco"Warehouse Company, October 26, 27and 28, under auspices of the ParisCommercial Club and the merchantsof Paris, has been called off, for anumber of reasons.Lack of heating facilities at the"big warehouse, and means of transportation for the exhibits to thehouse where the exhibition was tohave been held, were given as thechief reasons for abandoning theplan. Withers Davis, chairman ofthe proposed affair, said plans will"be begun at once and advanced during the winter and summer months,;for holding a gigantic " exhibitionnext fall, a little later in the season,provided the merchants will get together and each lend his earnestefforts toward making the festival avaccem. Apathy among some of thetnerch&nts. some who were amnnrilML primcipal boosters for the affairi -the cianir, was in MomallAttorney John J. Williams wasa guest of friends in Richmond,Friday. rMrs. Hallie Lee Perkins, whohas .been very ill for several days, isimproving slowly.Miss Hallie Frank has returnedhome after an extended visit tofriends at Saranac Lake, N. Y.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Dawsonhave moved from Clintonville totheir new home on Belmont avenuein Lexington.Arthur B. Hancock returnedSaturday night from a business tripto his Ellerslie farm, near Charlottesville, Virginia.Mrs. Lizzie M. Brown, formerlyof Paris, who is now residing inCovington, is visiting friends andrelatives in this city.Mr. Nicholas Kriener, one ofthe city's oldest and most highlyesteemed merchants, continues ill athis home on Twelfth street.Miss Mayme Holladay has returned from Chicago, where she hasbeen for several weeks purchasingnovelties for the Holladay Gift Shop.Foster Mtchell, of Paris, of theclass of 1923, has been appointed instructor of physical education formen in Transylvania College, Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson and Mr. Wm. H. McMillan leftthis morning for St. Petersburg,Florida, to spend the wintermonths.Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Fithian returned Sunday morning fromHuntington, West Va., where theyhave been guests of Mrs. Fithian'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hall.Dr. A. S. Williams, of Louisville, en route to Florida, to spendthe winter, was a guest in Paris several days of his sister, Mrs. F. J.Mansfield, and Mr. Mansfield, at theHotel Windsor.Miss Margaret Myers, of RockIsland, 111., is the attractive guestof Miss Valette McClintock. MissMyers was a schoolmate of Miss McClintock, at the University of Chicago last year.Miss Ray Winters, who hasbeen making her home in LittleRock, Ark., for several years, is aguest of Mrs. Fannie B. Winters,and Mr. and Mrs. Barnett Winters,of Scott avenue.Mrs. Meredith with a buffettained beautifully with a buffetluncheon Saturday at her home onNorth Broadway, in Lexington. Thehostess was assisted by her mother,Mrs. Duke, also by her charmingniece, Miss Anna Duke Woodford,both of Paris.Mrs. Will G. McClintock, Mrs.Charles Martin and Mrs. Lewis Rogers, of Paris, attended the bridgeparty given Friday afternoon inLexington, by Mrs. J. H. White. Mrs..Rogers was awarded one of the przes, a handkerchief box, decoratedin ribbon roses.Wm. E. Simms, formerly ofParis, entertained with a delightfulparty Saturday afteroon, in hispicturesque log cabin at Airdrie, inWoodford county. The affair was arranged as a surprise to Mrs. SimmsAmong the guests was Mr. Simms'sister, Miss Lucy B. Simms, of Paris.The Department of CommunityService of the Bourbon County Woman's Clubs will present the following program at the meeting to beheld Wednesday afternoon, October19: Subject: "Practical Experiments in Community Service inParis." Leader, Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, Jr.; Discussion, Miss Lucy BSimms, Miss Nell Robbins, Mrs. AllieSmith Dickson, Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, Mrs. Wade H. WhitleyMusic; Club Tea.(Other Personals on Page 3)OYSTERS, OYSTERSWe give you the best that Baltimore affordsboth Standard andNew York Counts. There's no question about it, we have the finestoysters.u) C. P. COOK & CO.BUY COAL NOWJELLICO COAL FOR STOVES ANDGRATES BEST COAL ON THEMARKET. SPECIAL LOW PRICEDELIVERED ANYWHERE IN THECITY. CALL OR PHONE.G. S. ASBURY & COSOUTH MAIN STREET.BOTH PHONES 140.Here IsTold The Advent of FutureMen and WomenPICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day,, Tuesday, October 18.Catherine Calvert, Crane Wilbur andan all-star cast in "The Heart ofMaryland;" June Caprice and Geo.B. Seitz, in serial, "The Sky Ranger;" Pathe News.To-morrow, Wednesday, October19 Alice Joyce, in "Her Lord andMaster;" Jimmy Aubrey, in comedy"The Tourist;" Topics of the Day.Thursday and Friday, October 20and 21. Charles Ray, in "An OldFashioned Boy, a picture that showswhy Charles Ray is the best-lovedactor on the screen.CityaawasfalltheonSTUDENT BREAKS ARMWhile at play on the Parisbciiool grouns, J. a. HornbackaLuueiiL, attempted to swing upthrown to the ground. In thenis arm was broken betweeneiuow ana wrist. He was removeto nis home, where the injuredmember was set and the patientmade comfortable.COKE FOR TOBACCO. iMr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss, Jr., of Mt. Sterling, are receiving congratulations on the arrival of a irl baby, born at the MaryChiles Hospital, in Mt. Sterling, Saturday. The little girl has been named Alice Rassenfoss.In Paris, to the wife of H. H.Horine, a son, sixth child, all boys.The new arrival was christenedClarence Calhoun Horine, in honorof Capt. C. C. Calhoun, of Washington, D. C, under whom Mr. Horineserved ' as sergeant during theSpanish-American war,' in Co. C,2nd Kentucky Regiment.QPENALTY WILL SOON GO ONLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW!FOR TAXATION. THE PENALTYWILL SOON BE ON. ACT CtUICSAND SAVE YOURSELVES.MRS. MATTIE CLARK.Bourbon County Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.tilllNov-T)HAS ARM BROKENWhile cranking an automobileat her home near Paris, Miss Elizabeth Gaitskill suffered a fracturedbone in her right arm when the machine "backfired." The broken member was given immediate medical attention, and the sufferer made ascomfortable as possible.E0RDS MILL SCHOOLA box supper will be given at theFord's Mill School, Friday night,October 21. The proceeds will gotoward buying books for the schoollibrary.Fire; Wind and Lightning Insur-anrgTHOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANFOR RENTFurnished front bedroom in desirable location. Call at THE NEWSoffice. (It)OARDERS WANTEDWill take limited number of tableboarders. Excellent cuisine andservice. Call at residence, cornerof Eleventh and High streets.(18-2t)FOR SALEAntique four-post cherry cord bed,120 years old. Just been refinished.Can be seen at 262 Second street.Cumb. Phone 899. (it)GAS STOVE FOR SALEI have a Gas Cooker that is ingood shape that can be bought at abargain.(18-3t, GUS MARGOLEN.LOST BOOKIf the party who has my copy of"The Flaming Forest," by JamesOliver Curwood, has any conscienceat all, he or she will kindly returnsame Efforts to locate it have beenin vain. Get busy and come across.WILL A. HILL,BOURBON NEWS Office.FOR SALEOne 1919 Liberty. Good condition. Will sell for $600.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(18-3t)PAR -KERRYFashion-Parksidea ofcorrectness inan Ulster-coatof great warmthespeially chosenfor motorists.Built for wearas well asstyle.Fashionablefabrics priced$48 and$54.IT ISN'T NECESSARYTO SHIVERWhen you can come here and jump into warm clothesat nominal prices, and be comfortable. The firsttouch of winter has sent men here forUnion Suits $1.25, $1.50, $2.00Flannel Shirts $1.25 to $4.50Suits .: $12.00 to $35.00Overcoats - $10.00 to $35.00Shoes . x . $2.95 to $8.50Caps 50c to $3.00Wool Socks 50c to $1.00-j3We have an immense stock from which to makeyour selections. To keep a big stock moving we musthave the right prices. WE ARE MOVING THESTOCK. Our regular customers know this. Everyone should know.LEWIS W0LLSTTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Streetimffi$BINifIf it comesfrom DecvisIf You Will Consult Your BestInterests and Your PocketbookYou Will Investigate Our GashPrices onMMandmmTHE J T. HINT0N CO.rirurnnunur ?c BARIC KFIUTIiriCV ivu & uimEITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakkuIt .. ,r;imiHrIPWAHf-wDLv , n Iftfc cause of the festivalL-ClWOTrW-A';.;r2PtSr3 -"f" U. ?sr--' - "v- ' , - ,- ?.,, W.r, ')'&&lls tj.: 'p-jfc jf-1 -VFtPSri.W'mwm'9fty&Fv'Vfm Bpyraoif wpws, pact, -mhwupt-Hr MlVh.-.-4Ifhin'MOiDONT WASTE TIMEtIt's a waste of time to experiment-with, liniments and plasters whenyou have a dull, throbbing backacheor sharp, stabbing twinges. Get after the cause! Help the kidneys withDma'e Kidney Pills. Read this.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "I fell and received an injury which left my kidneys in a weakened condition. Isuffered severely and although I tookdifferent remedies nothing gave mea bit of relief. I was advised to takeDoan's Kidney Pills and after ashort use they relieved me. At thattime my back ached and pained until I thought it would break in two.Sharp twinges of pain would shoottkrough my kidneys. In one weekafter taking Doan's Kidney Pills Iielt like a different woman and Istill take them whenever I feel mykidneys need a tonic." (Statementgiven February 17, 1908.)On November 12, 1920, Mrs. Marti said: "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beand I recommend them just asstrongly to-day as I did many yearsago when I told of their good merits. I gladly confirm my formerstatement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-lwirnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)He Couldn't,Jke Orator "Work, my friends, lae let of man! Man was sent lute1Mb world te eara his living by themmtit e his brow. You didn't findwalking abont the Garde ofwith his hands in his pockets I9he Passing Show (London),oH some people would work as hardas they talk, they would pay a wholelet- more income taxes.Farm Loans!5 or 10 Year Loans onGood Land.S. T. & E. W. Randall227 West Short St.Lexington, Ky.XspS0-9t)Mt4iMtttIS. P.MOHNEYiChiropractorJ FIFTH TEAR IN PARISMIIHIIMHUUtHflHHCALLLogan HowardForPrice's SausageandFresh BaltimoreOystersPhones 179The Home of Good Thingsto Eat'PUNCTUEE PE00F THE HUXOTires are four important all roundrasons why an automobile is a joyto ride in. You may gather thatwe hare an inflated idea of thepleasures of motoring. But, weknow as well as you do that a littlepuncture now and then takes the airout of tires and hot air expressed inwords from the mouth of the mender. A pneumatic blow-out has often flattened a social blow-out. Ifyou do not take a hoisting jack inyour tool box so that you may repair your tire, be sure to carryplenty of "jack" in your wallet.Free air is furnished at garages, butthe incidental services are just as'chargeable as your electric batteries. Current expenses can not be"turned off." During the past fiveyears the average number of tiresused on a car has dropped from overfive to under four. So, motorist,register joy just as you do when you"rubber" at "Topics of the Day"Films at your favorite theatre. Nowsee how many miles per minute youcan get out of THE BOURBONNEWS brand of tire humor:"Here, waitress. This doughnuthas a tack in it." "Well, I declare!I'll bet the ambitious little thingthinks it is a flivver tire." Youngstown Telegram."I understand you had quite ablow-out at the Club last night."' "Yes, and damit I had two moredriving home." The Automobilist.Gertie Golddigger "You treat mejust like your auto."Reggie Roadeater "What do youmean dearie?"Gertie Golddigger "You tire meso much." Rutgers."I hear you had a puncture thismorning?" "Yes, I ran over a milkbottle." "Didn't you see it in time?""No, the kid had it under his coat.""Awgwan, Nebraska Univ.)"We had nothing but trouble allthe way; four punctures and twoblowouts.""Quite a tiresome journey." Cornell Widow.Speaking of blow-outs it' difficult to say which is the more to beavoided an automobile tire or achurch social! It Magazine."Had a puncture?" "No, I'm justchanging the air in the tires. Theair's worn out." American Tribune(Dubuke, la.)"Look, mother," wailed Ned,pointing to a hole in the stocking, "I've had a blow-out!" MotorLife."Oscar has gone in for social affairs since getting his auto.."Is that so!""Yes, he had two blow-outs lastweek." New York Evening World.fcWtW4aSavfcWWtWTHIN, FLAT HAIR fGROWS LONGr THICK IAND ABUNDANTPaintBargainsBest House PaintPer Gallon$3.50Best Barn PaintPer Gallon$2.00.Get our prices on largerquanties. Johnson's Guaranteed Paints.Varden&SonDrtffitts"4WU MHWtX !.!"Danderine" costsonly 35 cents a bottle.One application endsall dandruff, stopsitching and fallinghair, and in a fewmoments, you havedouble the beauty ofyour hair. It will appear a mass, so soft,lustrous, and easy todo up. But what willplease you most willbe after a few weeksuse, when you seenew hair, fine andaowny at nrst yesbut really new hair growing all overthe scalp. "Danderine" is to thehair what fresh showers of rain andsunshine are to vegetation. It goesright to the roots, invigorates andstrengthens them. This delightful,stimulating tonic helps thin, lifelessfaded hair to grow long, thick,heavy and luxuriant. (T-tf)AS TO TALKING!Some people "talk much and do little. Others talk little and do much.A few are betwixt and between andnever succeed in setting themselvesof the world afire.There is, however, a happy mediumwhich will afford us the necessaryoutlet for our thoughts and yetserve the good of the community atlarge.Don't be a calm and don't be a bignoise. Talk when you feel like it,but talk sense and talk to peoplewho have sense. When we do thatwe will gradually bring to the surface the good points in each other;we will open up opportunities for thedevelopment of the community, andwill be able to hit upon the meansof pushing our city along.The man who talks little but saysmuch when he does talk is oftensilent when a little talk from himwould accomplish wonders. On theother hand, the big noise is knownas a noise and commands about asmuch attention and remembrance asa passing gust of wind.Talk up, but speak gently and tothe point. You will be both heardand heeded.This is the time of year when aman begins to wonder if his strawhat will be fit to wear next season.And who would have thought theChicago White Sox would ever washdirty limea im public?mm. mm. mmmm m Mm mmmmmmmWmmmmmt.Kmmmmmmm mmmmWW mmfAmmmmmm Lm SH mmUUmW mmmW BB sflLslPBP BPBBLBBKB BBL mmmmWmmmLmmmriPZZ jpKsgBSiiyJ, TVSrvfiftAiMWmmcWL Willill srm Hi a s&v tilHPw bbbbbDo you want to do a washing without rubbing clothes-without boiling them without doing a -thing more thantaking them from the soaking water wringing them oucand hanging them up?Do you want to do a washing in this way and haveclean, sweet, white clothes? Then soak ijqut clothesvAth GrandmaThe miracle will happen. Grandma's Powdered Soapwill make your clothes clean just by soaking. Soak themover night or soak them two or three hours in the morn-ng. Then wring them out. Not a single harmful ingredientto injure fabric or color.A wholesome soap powdered fine.No waste. The quickly dissolvinggranules never stick in the fabric, asbar soap does. The big 5 c packagesaves soap, saves time, saves theclothes. The mo3t economical soapyou can buy. Grandma is goodenough for your finest things andcheap enough for all your things.00No Boiling No Rubbing Washday Made EasyThe Globe ap Company Cincinnati, OhioGAME WARDENS ARE ACTIVE INSTATETen years of legal conservationof game with authority vested in aState Fish and Game Commissionhas proved the wisdom of protecting the diminishing wild animals inthe State, according to C. J. Merideth, State Superintendent of Wardens. Reports from district wardens throughout the State, accordingto Mr. Meredith, show that there aremore rabbits, quail and doves thanin ten years and the wild life ofthe State appears to be on the increase. The State and District wardens ofthe commission now are patrollingthe entire State and during themonth of September made more arrests of law violators and securedmdre convictions than in any monthin the history of the commission.During the month the wardens arrested seventy-five persons on charges of violating the game laws and secured sixty-five convictions. Sixillegal nets and seines were seizedin addition to one gun one raccoom,two red foxes and iwenty-thr,eopossums.The largest number of arrests andconvictions were made and obtainedby A. W.Bullock, of Paris, a volunteer warden, who made fifteen arrests and secured fourteen convictions.-o-Pioneer Implements.Some of the pioneer implementsoriginals of which are m the Cleveland Western Reserve Historical society aie a bed warming pan and tinlantern, a Dutch oven, a foot warmer,a frying pan handle four feet long,shaving horse - and drawing knife,sugar trough, pack saddle, flail, lardlamp, candle molds, tallow candle andstick, snuffers, flax hatchet, hand woolcards, splint broom, big spinning wheelused for wool, small spinning wheejused for flax.Why We Say "She."The discussion being on why we refer to an automobile as "she," oneman said it was because when a caris slicked up and attractive we alladmire her; when she acts properlyshe is charming; yet we often drlvefher into improper action by 'lackcare, and when she gets old and haalast her style we tryte diacari Jmt'aad get a morirpleasinf m. BoatWJMtllllMlH ll'l i 11I1HIIHI11 MIHIIIIIWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties IElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafling Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W, SPICERit. CUHT MUSEi imxranscnpt. . fc.-?t0.. - , . j - .""MIHIIIII- -?"" 1.S 'fV: W'Sev !gV3HpTUESDAY, OCTOU& 18, 1121VDk BOURBON NEWS, PAWS. DUmJCKTasMrs. Rose M. BrownGained 20 PoundsIn Four Weeks TimeDeclares It's Simply AstonisMmglot Sit Tie Woadtrfml BenetttSfee Has Itemed Prom. TanlacSays Terrible Headaches HareDisappeared."It sounds unreasonable, but Ihave actually sained 20 pounds Inless than a month's time by takingTanlac, and the wonderful benefit Ihave derived from the use of thismedicine is simply astonishing."said Mrs. Rose M. Brown, 111 Thirdstreet, Manchester, N. H."Why, I am so happy to be relieved of my troubles I can reallynever praise this medicine enough.Tp to the time I began taking Tanlac, I suffered for something overtwo years with a very bad form ofstomach trouble."My appetite was so poor I couldhardly eat a thing. My stomachwould be so badly bloated with gassometimes I was almost afraid to goto bed for fear I would actuallysmother. I felt tired and worn outmost of the time and became terriblydistressed over my condition. I often had such violent headaches I-was unable to be out of bed for twoor three days at a stretch."Four bottles of Tanlac completely restored my health and anyonecan see at a glance the wonderfulchange that has taken place in mycondition. I have a splendid appetite now and the stomach troublehas entirely disappeared. I can eatjust anything I want without everfeeling a sign of indigestion. Thebest of all, I am never bothered anymore with headaches and this wasthe greatest relief of all. I want to3AJKK NOTES WILL BE MADESMALLEEThe government soon will radically change the form of its papermoney, which has remained unaltered almost since the foundationof the republic. Bills will be madesmaller.Several reasons dictate thechange. First is that of economy.The new plans are to secure fivenotes from a sheet instead of four,as at present.Another reason for the change asexplained by a high Treasury officialis wholly practical. He said ashorter and smaller note will bemore easily counted by tellers, cashiers and all who have to handle largesums of money.CAHAL BROSBAEBEE SHOP4 WHITE BAEBEES-4'Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite SerrioeHOT JlND COLD BATHSTURNER & CLAYTONHIGH GRADE STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES334 Main Street Cumb. Phone 423FOYS PAINTSAND VARNISHESPRICES AT OLD TIME LEVELSBeat Winter To ItPaint This FALLDon't wait till next Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. Fall is tfte time to paint forprotective purposes. Surfaces aredrier and better prepared to takepaint. They need protection mostjust before winter attacks them.Paint to forestall the destruction that- would take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSewth Main St., Of,M.PlMMe 1M7MES. EOSE M. BROWNtell everybody what this medicinehas done for me."Tanlac and Tanlac Vegetable Pillsare sold by all leading drug stores.(adv)IMPORTANT MEETING OF WOELDWAE VETEEANSThere will be another public massmeeting for all veterans of the worldwar and other wars and theirfriends of Kentucky in the FayetteCircuit Court room, Lexington, tonight (Tuesday), Oct. 18, at 8:00o'clock.At the meeting Iield in the abovementioned place on October 11, thecourt room could not accommodatethe crowd of ex-service men that wasthere to gain admission. About25 counties were representedat the meeting and about five hundred voted unanimously in favor ofurging the' next Legislature to passan adjusted compensation measurethe same as has been done by fifteenother States.At the meeting a representativefrom each of the counties presentwas elected and are now drawing upa constitution and by-laws to bepresented at the meeting on October18, at which time the organizationwill be made permanent and everycounty in the State will be organizedto push the needed legislation.There are no dues to be paid onbecoming a member of this organization, and every ex-service man andhis friends who believe that Kentucky should pass an adjustedcompensation measure, will be requested to -attend.teurfctn Lumber Ce.3MlEirnrcrr , co idut toeOCTCMWith the growing season almostended, except for Yery late tobaccoamd a small amount of the late cornthat is now maturing, Kentucky'scrop conditions now indicate theproduction of approximately 89,324,000 bushels' of corn compared to100,110,000 bushels last year, and337,068,000 pounds of tobaccoN com-,pared to 467,500,000 pounds produced iu 1920. The United Statesentire crop this year is now estimated at 991,564,000 pounds compared to 1,508,064,000 pounds lastyear, or about 34 per cent, decrease.These estimates were issued atLouisville and Frankfort by H. F.Bryant, Kentucky representative ofthe TJ. S. Bureau of Markers andCrop Estimates, and State Commissioner of Agriculture W. C. Hanna.The following estimates of othercrops produced in Kentucky thisyear, with comparisons with 1920crops were issued at the same tim:Oats 6,574,000 bushels, compared to8,22ff,000 bushels in 1920; barley96,000 bushels, compared to 112,000bushels last year; potatoes 3,775,000bushels, compared to 6,435,000bushels last year; sweet potatoes 1,769,000 bushels, compared to 1,890,000; sorghum molasses 4,334,000 gallons, compared to 4,845,-000 gallons; clover seed 30,000 bushesl, compared to 52,000 bushels; apples 1,215,000 bushels, comparedto 52,000 bushels; apples 1,215,000,bushels, compared to 5,780,000bushels last year; pears 29,000bushels compared to 308,000 bushels produced last year.Condition of minor crops is as follows: Buck whet 90 per cent; pasture 96; field peas 85; cabbage average yield per acre 2 tons; onionsper cent of normal yield 83, averageyield per acre 59 bushels; grapes,condition 47 per cent; pear, 8;broom corn per cent of normal yieldper acre 85; sorghum for sirup, condition 86, average yield of sirup peracre 90.3 gallons.vZ..-?,t Iy't is Vaf i 1 1 3M i v7tv"Pape's Cold Compound"Breaks any Coldin Few HoursDon't stay stuffed-up! Quitblowing and sniffling! A dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" takenevery two hours until three doses aretaken usually breaks any cold rightup.The Arery first dose opens cloggednostrils and the air passages of thehead; stops nose running; relievesthe headache, dullness, feverishness."Pape's Cold Compound" costsonly a few cents at drug stores. Itacts without assistance, tastes nice,contains no quinine. Insist uponPape's! 'adv-T.)AMERICAN LEGION TO OBSERVEVICTORY DAYEfforts to have every city andtown in the State where an American Legion post is situated observeArmistice Day in a fitting way arebeing made by the State Departmentof the American Legion, accordingto Emmet O'Neal, Department Commander. The State Department issending to each post throughout theState a suggestion of programs thatmay be held.One of the chief things urged bythe State Department is that everypost hold a night memorial in alocal church on Armistice Day. Theservice should be marked by the bestmusic obtainable, a notable speaker,dignified pageant, and should be attended by ex-service men in uniform. For the day celebration the suggestion is made that city officials andbusiness men be asked to declare aholiday and that a parade of ex-servicemen be held. A picnic is suggested with addresses by a prominent speaker and an ex-serviceman.Problems of the community andState, such as good roads, better educational facilities and otherbranches of American Legion interests are suggested for discussion,with the American Legion speakertalking on the problem of the disabled and the work being done bythe "Clean-up Squad," which isstraightening out the claims of thedisabled.Games, races and other localamusement also are suggested.CORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right oft withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard com, softcom, or, corn between the toss, andthe cnrnsea, without soreness or 1rrltaticp. , (dyI The president of the s;overnmemtrailways of Jasai receives 3,500 aysr.in.r VML!.-i -tk"$iiktefi-VJiNV.-ci-v.v i.iV.-"l M-V - Ira'wzs mil'THEY UTOW IH HEBE.'w-The writer lacks considerable' ofbeing a couple of hundred, years old,but 'we can remember when1 a storekeeper (not a merchant) would say:"Oh, they know I'm here so I don'tneed to advertise." vWouldn't that pull the cork out ofyour great-grandmother's ' bottle ofsmelling salts? Geew'iiz, that makesus. think of the fellow who said heknew where the cemetery was. butlie wasn't doing anything thatwould hurry him to it.But in this modern day they allbelieve to a -certain extent that advertising is beneficial. Only it's likethe fellow said before, they established the drainage system in theUnited States that all whiskywas good, only some kinds were better than others.Now days, the only man who isbeating, the income tax man, is thefellow who believes the other fellow should advertise heavily, andwhen he brought a crowd to town,the non-advertisers1 would reap apart of the benefit; and it's true thatthis plan is worked in many casesbut of course, not here in Paris.The man who is letting theotherfellow do the advertising is the manwho is letting the other fellow paythe income taxes, and there's nogetting away from it, as bad as wehate to pay the income tax, we'reall glad to owe some.IF BILIOUS, HEADACHY, TAKE"CASCARETS" FOR LIVERAND BOWELSGet a 10-cent box now!No griping or inconvenience follows a thorough liver and bowelcleaning with Cascarets. They workwhile you sleep. Sick headache,biliousness, gases, indigestion, andall such distress gone by morning.No griping nicest physic on earth.(T-tf)You are protected if youhold a policy with me.EireAccidentBurglaryAutomobileWorkmen'sCompensationandBondingA. J. FEE-y-z -;i.3aj i-iJUv-t liberal smm ur ? i-.jjrjjnjjMjyaNO MATTER 1ATHAPPENSUbrr(youroenefit-w r mM iilV Y TheIS EQUIPPED JO DO-OF DRY CLEANING NIMIIIIIIMIIIMIIHinillMIGEORGERUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Nifit1 37 39riiiiimHMiimniniMiHMnnnmniiMiininwrni mwnni n i Diniiiim iimhwii i iiiinniii i i i imuii 11The reason for the continued goodhealth of some childrenis simple enoughEspecially when you know the facts,,some of which are given hereEVERY mother- is proud of a healthy, strongyoungster that radiates buoyant life and energy.She has reason to be proud, because the child's goodhealth proves her wisdom in the selection of the foodshe gives her boy or girl.All mothers should know that growing childrenrequire a balanced diet, a diet containing the food elements needed for building and energizing the little body.Grape-Nuts, the rich, nourishing food made from,whole wheat flour and malted barley, served with milkor cream, contains the materials the child needs for itsbest growth and development.Grape-Nuts helps make sound teeth, strong nerves,and pure red blood, and for the palate there is nothingmore wholesome or delicious.Go to your grocer today and get a package ofstrength-giving Grape-Nuts. Let the children have allthey want, with milk, cream or stewed fruit, or madeinto an appetizing pudding. Grape-Nuts is a food thatwill be relished by every member cf the family.GrT7hiis ther,oo..WJU V -KtThc-cj'a aI -:Tv-Yf-- - -"COR our depositees with.-I- checJcfng accounts, wehsreeinstalled this new system ofchecks known as theProtectnSystem, as an added improvedservice.To combat the numerousfraudscausedfayraing checks,this system enables you totear oS your check at amountdesired like a money order,thereby insuring the amountof check from being raisedshould it set lost, or fall intodishonest hands.OUR BANK,g.y6Lfe. tt-BjJfMfamj7Ae PROTECTUCheck SystemwvCCv. & CrIf you are considering opening achecking account, by all means comein and see this additional improvedservice that we are giving free toall our customers.EQUALLY PRACTICAL FOR POCKET,DBSK AND PAY ROLL USBPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK& TRUST CO.V'fciUlt- J -Tgft'g- '? vgorrT.?gmmmmmmmmmmmmjijjDry Ckrv - MVTHE TttGHT KINDJyf V 4-wBody BuilderReason"-w"IkMDAVI feI4' El'-j'" .i r v--W rtjji-9 jf. -4 . j i . i. fe4B.',4- V 1ln. "!f- u WBHBVJ - 'Vr -SrPAGB BIGHTTHE BOURBONKENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCT0BEH U, 11211I '. - -p - - tmmmmm i mmmmmm ', 'Iv'Xi:mfin11iiiki(flKBrMLLERSBURGeJiteresting News Itms From Bourbon County's College TownfXrs. .Ta.s. "R. P.rav. P.nrrpsnnnrJpntl- -r "- r 'Miss Carolyn Mclntyre is visit-ig relatives in Lexington,f rMr. Tonie Zoellers made a business trip to Cincinnati, Saturday.'i -Miss Nancy Allen, of Winchester, is visiting Miss Elizabeth Pruitt. K Miss Effie Prather has returnedfrom a visit with relatives in Masoncounty.Mrs. D. P. Jones is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Frank Davis, inliouisville.Mrs. Turner Perry, of QwingsTille, is visiting her mother, Mrs.Ada McClintock.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughter, Miss Bessie, of Paris, are visit-ing Mrs. C. M, Best.rt Miss Mary McDaniel, of Ravenna, spent the week-end with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDan4el. r Miss Hattie Wood spent theweek-end with her sisters, MissesMargaret and Edith Wood, in Maysville. Miss Martha Viley, of Georgetown, has returned home after atwo-weeks' visit with friends andrelatives here.The game of .football Saturdaybetween Lexington High and M. M.I., resulted ii a score of 21 to 7 infavor of Mille1 sburg.The Millersburg Post of theAmeritan Legion will present the"historical play "The Great LibelCase," at the Millersburg OperaHouse on November 11, "ArmisticeDay.' The play will be given under the direction of Mrs. C. M. Best.One of the most interestingmeetngs for the seasion was held Saturday afternoon by the MllersburgTwentieth Century Club, when thefollowing program was presented:' Roll Call; Current Events; "ThePeru of To-day," Mrs. Tarr; "Lima,the City of Kings," Mrs. C. R.Jones; Music, Mrs. Ball, Miss Ball;Round Table, "Peruvians, Past andPresent," Mrs. Best; Hostess, Mrs.Best.Mr. Henry Sheeler died at theMassie Hospital, Paris, after an illness of several months. He was 72Years old, and is survived by twodaughters, Mrs. Will Crouch, ofMillersburg, and Mrs. Grinnell, ofParis, and two sons, E. T. Sheeler,of Paris, and Will Sheeler, of Berry.The funeral was conducted at theChristian church, Saturday afternoon by his pastor, Rev. W. J.Slater. Burial in Millersburg Cemetery. The Millersburg County HighSchool Agricultural Fair, held onFriday, was a success in every way.The exhibition was held in thebuildings and on the grounds of theHigh School. The fair was notwidely advertised, but there werevisitors from many parts of theState, attracted by the novelty ofthe enterprise. The exhibit in the. .gymnasium building would havebeen creditable to the Bluegrass orState Fair. Displayed on tables andhung on stretched lines about themain floor were a countless profusion of articles, whicn no other county in the State can excell old Bourbon in producing. There were cabbage, turnips, sweet potatoes, Irishpotatoes, peppers, kershaws, pumpkins, eggs, pickles, onions, popcorn,eld corn, lightbread, beaten biscuit, pies, jellies, cakes, candy,, cheese, butter, fancy work of every. discription, embroidered coverlets,rag carpets, knitted work and scoresof other articles.The exhibit was divided into twoclasses the members of the JuniorAgricultural Club, which is the onlyone in the county, and which holdsa charter from the University of'Kentucky, having its exhibit on one:side of the room. The other sidewas occupied by exhibits of the--open class. In another part of the; grounds was held the live stock exhibits, composed of swine, sheep,chickens and ducks. Following theawarding of the premiums, and at a" late hour in the evening, all the perishable stuff and farm products,which had been presented to the fair"by the exhibitors, were auctionedoff, the receipts going into thetreasury of the Fair. Music wasfurnished by the Boys' Band fromthe Greendale Reformatory, of 22pieces, who also gave an interestingdrill exhibition.Probably the most interesting exhibit at the Fair was that of "YeOiae Tyme Antiques," displayed inthe music room of the main building, in charge of -the following committee: Miss Nannie Clarke, chairman; Misses Hazel Kerr, Flora Jordan, Elizabeth Rice, Jessie Crisp,May Vanmeter, Lina Crowe, Mrs.Frank C. Bedford, all members ofthe faculty. The judges were: Mrs.-Jas. M. McClure, Sr., of Paris, Mrs.Chas. White, of Bourbon county, andMiss Hattie Harbeson, of Louisville.. The prizes were awarded as follows: 1st prize, $3.00, Miss LizzieVimont, of Millersburg, on a silvertea set, handsomely engraved, of uncertain age, used at a ball at the oldSt. James Hotel, in Millersburg, inJionor of Lafayette, while he was being introduced there; 2nd prize,$2.00 to Clarke Bascom,, on a leather hunting coat, formerly owned byCol, Thos. Dye wings, one of thefounders of Owingsville, Bathcounty, which was presented to him"by the Indian chief Sitting Bull; 3rdrize $1.00 won by Mrs. B. W. Wood,of Millersburg, on a diminutive dolldressed seventy years ago. Some ofthe most interesting exhibits were asfollows: Silk quilt consisting of 7,'517 pieces, made in 1S49-50, bebelonging to Miss Lizzie Vimont;two coverlets belonging to J. B.Cray," which were spun and woven-y his grandmother 110 vears ago;evejrlet belonging to Mrs. C. M.Best, whose father sheared thesheep while his mother carded thewool and spun the flax out of whichK was woven in 1844, in Montgomery-county this also received honorable mtkm; Masonic apron over! years oli, srjMB. silk dress,.jHwi;y MiBfittti--Rice ailmade during the Civil War; a shawl12,5 years old, an umbrella morethan 100 years old, a hemstitchedchemise owned by Mrs. C. M. Best,which took the blue ribbon at theMason county' fair in 1855; displayof Indian arrow heads by JesseFeeback; dinner horn made of cedarover one hundred years old; copy ofthe New York Herald of 1865, containing an account of the death ofPresident Lincoln; copy of MaysvilleBugle printed October 24, 1844;New' Testament, dated lgll.bought August, 1814, at Lysle's bookstore in Paris, for four shillings;tobacco box brought from Englandprevious to Revolutionary War, containing tobacco over 100 year old.LIST OF PREMIUMSDepartment A Swine and sheep,Duroc Boar, over 6 months oldFirst, Walter Meng, second, Leer &Miller; Duroc sow over 6 months1st, Walter Meng, 2nd WalterMeng; Poland China boar over 6months 1st and 2nd, Calhoun &Plummer; Poland China sow over 6months 1st and 2nd, Calhoun &Plummer; 2 ewes, any breed, anyage 1st, Jack Thaxton, 2nd, JessLetton; 3rd, Mary Allen Saunders;Sweep stakes, male or female, andbreed, any age 1st, Walter Meng,2nd, Dunlap Saunders.Department B Poultry Besthen, any variety J. T. Adair; bestcockrel, any variety, Jack Thornton.Special Best harness pony 1st,Mrs. Robt. Wilson, 2nd, Miss NatalieShannon; Best saddle pony 1st,Mary Allen Saunders, 2nd, JoeGrimes.Department C (One entry) best3 stalks of tobacco, any type Jas.Miller; 10 ears white corn 1st,Lowe Bros., 2nd, Manuel Mattox; 10ears yellow corn 1st and 2nd,Burroughs Bros; Peck seed wheatJess Alverson; Peck seed barleyJess Feeback; 10 ears pop cornLola Rankin; peck Irish potatoesGreen Leer; peck sweet potatoes1st, A. T. Toadvine, 2nd, MonroeFlorence; -peck onions WilliamMarr; Largest pumpkin Jack Williamson ; largest kershaw BruceRobinson; peck turnips H. C.Moreland; 1 dozen peppers Mrs. E.H. Thompson.Woman's Department Whitecake 1st, Mrs. Henry Bowling;2nd, Mrs. Pearl Hill; Devil's foodcake 1st, Mrs. E. H. Thompson,2nd, Miss Nannie Clarke; Angelfood cake 1st, Mrs. W. C. Smith,2nd, Miss Lucy Letton; yeastbread Mrs. R. C. Bonar; salt rising bread Mrs. Nan Linville; cakemade from Crown Jewel FlourMrs. M. E. Pruitt; glass of jellyMrs. Lizzie Miller; jar pickles Mrs.J. W. Lancaster; jar preservesMrs. Wm. Saunders; Butter 1st,Mrs. W. C. Smith, 2nd, Mrs. MackGrimes; Applique bed spread MissAlberta Moffett, 2nd, Mrs. G. W.Judy; Hand-made handkerchiefMiss Hattie Wood; Home-madecandy 1st, Nannie Clarke, 2nd,Mrs. W. C. Smith; Best pie 1st,Mrs. Russell Jones, 2nd, Miss MaryTaylor; Eatch work quilt 1st Mrs.J. B. Caywood, 2nd, Mrs. EdgarHurst; Napkins Mrs. F. A. Cook;Knitting Mrs. Rhoda Conway;Beaten biscuit Mrs. T. D. Judy;Light rolls Mrs. R. C. Bonar; Cottage chees Mrs. Lucy Ingels; Sheetand pillow cases Mrs. Green Leer;Sofa Pillow cover Miss HattieWood; Table runner Mrs. M. EPruitt.Junior Club Department Embroidery 1st, Jennie Fisher; 2nd,Maggie Howard; patching anddarning 1st, Elizabeth Pruitt, 2nd,Dorothy Bonar; Tatting 1st, AnnaFrances Herzogg, 2nd, Mamie Cook;kitchen set Christine Hill; handmade handkerchief Natalie Shannon; quilt square Virginia Johnson; artificial flowers ElizabethPruitt; best cake 1st, ElizabethPruitt, 2nd, Jennie Fisher; best pieEthel Toadvine; home-made candyMargaret Letton; canned beansEthel Toadvine; gingham dressElizabeth Pruitt; canned cornMargaret Letton; canned fruitMargie Howard; 10 ears corn Wm.Coal, sweet potatoes 1st and 2nd,Dunlap Saunders; tobacco ThomasStone; Poland China pig 1st, E. RMattox; 2d, Keller Lake; HampshirePi& 1st, Rosa Feeback, 2nd, MarieFeeback; Duroc pig 1st, DunlapSaunders; 2nd, J. D. Letton.a ue unquanned success of thisfair has caused the officials to decide to make it an annual event. Allpremiums were given by merchantsof Lexington, Paris and Millersburgand Superintendent Lancaster wishes to acknowledge his appreciationof the generosity of the friends ofthe school.MK. PARMER,YOU WILL NEED Smvre ttt?.t?RAILS A25D TOBACCO STICKS. OURt JSS. T E TRA GOOD,LONG LEAP. WE HAVE A PEWTOBACCO STICKS ON TTATm AwnHAVE MANY MORE LISTED WITHUS HX FARMERS.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. PEALE COLLIER, MGR.(sept27-tf)SC0TNEY AT WOODLAND AUDITORIUM WEDNESDAY EVENINGA great musical event this seasonwill be the appearance of Miss Evelyn Scotney, brilliant coloratura soprano, of the Metropolitan OperaCompany, together with her assisting artists, Igor Sokolof, 'celloist,and Rudolph Gruen, pianist. MissScotney's debut with the Metropolitan Opera Company took place lastseason.Seats for the Scotney concert areon sale at the Artist Concert Series.Booth in the lobby of the Ben AliTheatre, and will continue on salethere until Wednesday night. Phones2891 and 636x. There will be manygood seats yet to be had at popularprices. The Artist Concert Seriesseason tickets may be used for thisconcert. (adv)oBOURBON NURSERIESCORNER LEXINGTONBETHLEHEM PIKES.ANDMEWEMZ HABPERfw, - Wt0MLDGOI$.2:00 to 5:30vTODAY, TUESDAY"The Heart ofMaryland"A Modern Film Achievement! Catherine Calvert heads an all star cast whichincludes Crane Wilbur, Felix Krembs,William Collier, Jr., Arthur Earl. HenryHallam, Ben Lyon and Warner Richmond.The Tom Tern's production that took sixmonths in the making and required overa thousand players. One of the best pictures on the screen.Also GEORGE B. SEITZin "The Sky Ranger7'And Pathe NewsADMISSION-ADULTS 27cMATRIMONIALA Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByRelatives and friends of thegroom in this city have receivedbeautiful announcement cards,worded as follows:"Mr. and Mrs. James P. Banahanannounce the marriage of theirdaughter,NelltoMr. William Leo Kelleron Wednesday, October twelfth -nineteenhundred and twenty-one,'Lexington, Kentucky."LUSK DAVISMr. and Mrs. R. E. Lusk announce the engagement of theirdaughter, Janet, to Mr. William H.Davis, of Mt. Vernon, Ky.'Mr. Davis is a pleasing youngman and holds a responsible positionas assistant cashier and bookkeeperof the Peoples Bank, of Mt. Vernon.The marriage is to take place in theearjy fall.ADAMS--BALDWINThe Maysville Bulletin says:"Friends in this city were advisedThursday by telegram of the marriage in Louisville of Mr. AddisonBaldwin to Mrs. Annie Adams, ofParis. Mr. Baldwin had been inLouisville several days, but his marriage came as a surprise to his manyfriends here, who were unaware ofhis intention."Mr. Baldwn is a member of theE. A. Robnson & Co., cigar manufacturers, and was for several yearsconnected with the Liggett & MyersTobacco Company, and has servedone term as representative to theState Legislature from Mason county. He is widely known throughoutthis city and county, and is verypopular among his host of acquaintances." THOMAS CLAYA special dispatch from Frankfort to the Louisville Courier-Journalsays:"The announcement made inAugusta, Georgia, by Mr. andMrs. Landon Thomas, of the engagement of their daughter, Miss EmilyThomas, to Cassius M. Clay, was received here with interest, as MissThomas, whose father was bornhere, has been a frequent guest inthe home of her aunts, the MissesEmily and Anne Thomas. Mr. Clayis not a stranger in the social lifeof this city among the younger set,his name having been enrolled onthe invitations lists of all functions.He is a son of the late Cassius M.Clay, a member of the State Constitutional Convention and at onetime a candidate for Governor,, andwho, with his mother and brother,is among the largest land ownersin Central Kentucky. The weddingwill take place in the late fall."COLLINS THOMASMrs. John T. Collins, of Paris,announces the marriage of herdaughter, Miss Emily Louise Collins,to Mr. Edwin K. Thomas, Jr., ofParis, which occurred on Saturday,October 15, at Louisville. The youngcouple left Paris presumably to attend the Vanderbilt-Kentucky University football game at Lexington,but proceeded to Louisville, wherethey were married. They left for ashort bridal trip in the East, and ontheir return will go to Demopolis,Alabama, for the winter.The bride is the youngest daugfiter of the late Mr. John T. Collins,and Mrs. Collins, and is one of thecharming young women of the county, a sister of Capt. Willam Collinsand Mrs. Stanley Dickson, of nearNorth Middletown, and a graduateof Kentucky University. Mr. Thomasis the son of Hon. Claude M. Thomats,of Paris, a graduate of Centre College at Danville, and one of thecounty's most popular younr fftfi-rs. He;kjM,for, some timebeen--ed imffarming near DtBopmif,C7wg7p3t 1 1 AND 1 1 OPERA HOUJEjg IJTomorrow,ALICEiiHer LordBeautiful scenery, exquisite gowns,sparkling comedy, clever acting -and astrong cast, directed by Edward Jose.The story of a small child, the daughter of a wealthy Westerner, whose everywhim has been pampered. Realizing herfaults the girl seeks to marry a man whowill make her obey. She becomes thewife of a nobleman and goes to England.The contrast is striking and forms thebasis of many dramatic scenes.Jimmie Aubreyand "TopicsPLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c,Ala. Both young people are deservedly popular with a large circleof friends and acquaintances, whowish them a long and happy married life.LODGE NOTESThe Million Dollar Committee, ofwhich G. Allison Holland is chairman, and which has been at workfor the past two years trying to raisethat much money for erecting newbuildings for the Masonic Widowsand Orphans Home, at Louisville,has already raised more than $950,000 and expects to have the rest of itin a few months. The committeewill make its report to the GrandLodge of Kentucky in Louisville thisweek.The Lexington District Convention of the Knights of Pythias, willbe held in the K. of P. lodge room,in Paris, on Thursday, October 20.A large attendance of Knights fromlodges in the district is expected.Grand Chancellor J. L. Andersonand Grand Keeper of Records andSeal J. W. Carter, will be here forthe meeting.ZZThis Week ShoeFall Footwear!Beautiful in style rich in quality at a tremendous saving in price. Get the habit of buying your shoes at thisEconomy Store and save one-third of your shoe bills. Comeand see what is new for this Fall.Special Offering of Ladies' and Growing Girl's RichMahogany Tan Lace Boots, Rubber Heels. CtO AfValues to $5.50 Sale Price pOa4!Ladies' New Fall Lace Oxfords, Tan Mahogany leather. $6.00 valueS3.95Men, See These Big Shoe Values! $5.00 Grade DressShoes in Tan and Gun Metal, English and o OOBlucher style Sale Price PU fMen's $7.00 Grades New Fall Styles Brogue,English lasts, a great selection, sale priceS4.99SchoolBoys'xand Youths' Tan and$2. 50 Values, sale price$2.49DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreJJ;C". " V7:OOto 10:30WednesdayJOYCEINand Master'9ALSOin "The Tourist"of the Day:f99CHILDREN AND GALLERYWomen are covering their earsnow, but they manage to hear justabout as much as formerly.There was once a man who outtalked a woman, but he never wasfit for anything aftrward.Sdme fellows make so much noisetha tthey fail to make good.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(t2NTe"wFestLadies and Growing Girls' 4.00 English andBroad Lace Boots, sale priceMen's $s.50 Work Shoes, Army lasts heawtan leather, sale price ' neaVy$1.99Shoes the BestGun Metal Shoes,Misses and Children's Gun Metal and KidLace Boots, sale price mCOHENhcrc Beauty and Econony RcinTHURSDAY AND FRIDAYOCTOBER 20th AND 21stThos. II. Ince PresentsCharles RayIN"An Old FashionedBoy"He knew nothing at all about girls,and far less about babies.So fate threw him into the clutches ofbothand then doubled up with laughter! You will, too!A Picture That Shows Why CharlieRay is the Best Loved Actoron the Screen18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cWhatsoever a bachelor sews, thatshall also probably rip.The chautaqua lecturers, as youmaye have noticed, do not believein free speech.And let us hope that Mr. HarryThaw is enjoying whatever it isthat he is doing these days.Bargains$2.99in Town$1.99ff-0f K Tr. ' , ,v$r.vJ--srJafS'Wrir Xa ov.