xd"i t WBTHE BOURBON NEWSt vv- PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.35!VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1921rjffiLERSBURG GROWERS PLEDGETO CO-OPERATIVE PLAN"An enthusiastic meeting of tobaccogrowers of the Millersburg vicinity!was held in that city Tuesday afternoon, the meeting being in the nature of a preliminary to the openingof the campaign for membership andsignatures to the Co-operative BurleyTobacco Marketing Association contracts, vhich was inaugurated in thecounty yesterday.The meeting was attended by alarge delegation of representative tobacco growers and others interestedin the future of the tobacco industryin this county, and the greatest interest was manifested in the proceedings. James C. Stone, of Louisville,secretary uj. me iiaicui uimi-uMi , ,, Ponr,tvwas nresent and in a forcible andj?rine coun,y;convincing speech, told of the aimsand objects sought to be accomplishedby the Association looking towardthe bettering of the tobacco marketfor the farmers and growers of theweed in this county. J. N. Kehoe, ofMaysville, also a member of the organization committee of the Statebody, spoke at length along the samelines, and created a distinctly goodimpression.At the conclusion of the address acall .was made for signatures to theco-operative marketing plan contracts. The response was at oncespontaneous and hearty, a total of364,000 pounds being signed. This,with 777,260 pounds already pledgedin the county brings the total to dateto 1,141,260 pounds. The followingis -a list of those who affixed their signatures to contracts at this meeting:T. A. Collier,J. B. Vermillion,C. T. Hillock,H. R. Earlywine,Ashby Leer,Julia Purdy,H. H. Dalzell,Arthur Moreland, .J. W. Johnson,A. T. Moffett,Burroughs Bros.,Alex Miller,E. P. Wagoner,W. D. Mclntyre,H. S. Cay wood,Prank Caldwell,"W. M. Blake,W. E. Revell,H. M. Roseberry,J. T. Jefferson,Walter Kenney.o-NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS LISTYOUR PROPERTY NOWWE ARE NOW READY TO TAKEYOUR TAX LIST AT OUT OFFICEIN THE COURT HOUSE. DON'TPUT OFF THIS IMPORTANT MATTER. COME IN TO-DAY. A PENALTY WILL BE ATTACHEDLATER.MRS. WALTER CLARK,TAX COMMISSIONER,(12-tf) John J. Redmon, Deputy.We Know HowandRefreshing!No, It Isn't a Drink, Butan Easy, BreezyPalm BeachSuitAnd you want that feelingthat comes only from beingcomfortable.Before you start on thati vacation trip, come in and select your needs from ourstock ofWardrobe TrunksHand BagsSuit Casesin fact, anything youneed on a vacation trip.mayMITCHELLBLAKEMOREGBOURBON BOOSTERS MAKE TOUROP COUNTY"Coolk's personally - conductedtours" had nothing whatever on thetrip of the Bourbon Boosters, madethrough the county Tuesday, eitherin point of attendance, personnel ofthe party, or in the points of interest visited by the enthusiastic delegation. Though devised as a tradebringing movement for the merchantsof Paris, the tour really partook ofan old-time "get-acquainted-with-your-neighbors"flavor, and resultedin cementing more firmly the tiesof friendship and county loyalty between the people of Paris and the restIt was more like afamily reunion than a businessventure.The Boosters, with their wives,mothers, sisters and sweethearts,assembled at the court house at eighto'clock. A band concert by the CityBand of .twenty-five pieces, featuredthe starting of the motorcade, whichformed in line of march in front ofthe court house, and made a triumphant tour of Main street to Twelfthand return. The Boosters worered-and-white paper caps and largebuttons, bearing the words, "Bourbon Boosters." They were plentifully supplied with advertising matterand souvenirs, which were distributed in the city and at each stopmade in the county. Slightly behind the scheduled hour the motorcade left Paris, in a magnificentsweep of motor cars and trucks, andwith the music of the band and thecheering of the Boosters filling theair. The comedy feature of the tripwas provided by Dr. J. W. Kiff, in aclever Yiddish make-up, who featuredeach stop with a comic turn, verypleasing and acceptable to the spectators, i ?isaiBBiThe first stop was made at Shawhan, where a large crowd of representative citizens of the communilyhad gathered to welcome the invaders. After selections by the CityJBand and a solo by Percy Reid, ashort address was delivered by Thos.W. Spicer, in which he extended thegood wishes of the people of Paris,and urged a continuance of pleasanttrade relations with the county seat.From Shawhan the party proceededto Ruddles Mills, where the ovationat Shawhan was duplicated. Wm. O.Hinton was the speaker at this stop,his talk being a practical one oear-ing on trade relations inai suouwbe maintained between all section sof the county and the home town.Concert by the band and a solo byMr. Reid kept the crowd in finehumor. Here the Boosters were metby a committee of representative citizens from Millersburg, who extended a welcome from the citizensof the city to the visitors.At Millersburg the Boosters received one of the most enthusiasticreceptions of the day. The city wastheirs for the time being. Followingthe musical program by the CityBand and Mr. Reid an address ofwelcome was delivered by W. D. Mclntyre, who introduced Virgil Chapman, of Paris. Mr. Chapman delivered a splendid talk along the linessought to be achieved by theBoosters in promoting closer traderelations with the city of Paris. Refreshments were served to the visitors, who attested their appreciationby doing full justice.From Millersburg the motorcadetraveled to North Middletown, "thegarden-spot of hospitality," wheretheir reception partook of all the oldtime courtesy and genuine heartinessthat marks everything the people ofthat section do. There was a largeassemblage and an air of "glad-to-see-you"seemed to permeate the air.Lemonade, orangeade and otherthirst-satisfying delactables wereserved at North Middletown DepositBank to the tired and thirstyBoosters, who spared nothing in theway of getting away with them.Addresses of welcome weere deliveredby Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,and Henry" S. Caywood. A substantial dinner was served in the bigChautauqua tent, the menu comprising fried chicken, old country ham,dressed eggs, beaten biscuit, rolls.T,nts tn r.hitis. cheese Dans, pica-ica.coffee, ice cream and sherbet,-,rova following. Addresseswithweredelivered by Henry S. Caywood andJohn W. Jones, on behalf of the citizens of North Middletown and vicinity, and by Judge Denis Dundon andHenry-A. Power, for the Boosters andthe people of Paris. It was a genuine love-feast at North Middletown,and everyone was glad to have beenthere.Leaving North Middletown themotorcade journeyed by easy stagesto Clintonville, where an address wasdelivered to the assemblage of citizens by Wade H. Whitley. Musicalprograms were rendered, and afteran exchange of hearty good wishesand mutual pledges of business supnrf thfi Boosters proceeded to Hutch-i ison, where an address by E. H. Gorey- mncslonl nrosrram. ieaiureu mproceedings. From Hutchison theparty returned to Paris, tired, .dusty ,hut ianny. After a music? program" . -I v nJtiron the court nouse piaza uj t v,wDAMAGE SUITS SETTLED OUT OPC0UET.Suits growing out of an accidenton the Louisville & Nashville railroadlast March, in which one Paris manwas killed and two others injured,have been settled out' of courtthrough an understanding betweenattorneys for the railroad 'and the injured parties.In March a large motor truck belonging to Martin Bros., of Paris,had taken a load of tobacco to theLexington markets, and was on itsreturn trip to Paris with a load offurniture. The truck was driven byWilliam Bowe, of Paris, and ridingon it were Thomas Napier, of Paris,and Ossie Gravitt, of the county.While crossing the railroad track atMontrose station, near the Bourbonand Fayette county line, a passengertrain struck the truck, carrying it aconsiderable distance down the trackand demolishing it. Napier was killed instantly, Bowe had' a leg broken,and Gravitt was bruised and cut.The suits were settled by Napier'3administrator receiving $7,500, Bowe$7,500, and Martin Bros. $2,500 damages for the truckwhich was wrecked in the accident.oFOE SHERIFF .R. ED. BEDFORD XjA VOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORDFOR SHERIFF IS A. VOTE FORFRED LINK AND D.E. CLARK.- 'CARPENTERS' UNION ELECTSNEW OFFICERS.At a recent meeting of the Bourbon county branch of the UnitedBrothers of Carpenters and Joinersof America, the following ofilcerswere chosen for the term beginningJuly 1:James T. Hill, president; James McNamara, Sr., vice-president; ThomasBoyle, financial secretary; Sam Kennedy, recording secretary; HoraceNelson, treasurer.The union fixed the following scaleof prices for the next six months:Minimum scale, sixty cents per hour;maximum scale, seventy-five centsper hour.oVOTE FOR BEN WOODFORDFOR TAX COMMISSIONERIT HAS BEEN IMPOSSIBLE FORME TO SEE EACH VOTER, PERSONALLY, SO I AM TAKING THISMETHOD OF LETTING YOU KNOWI AM IN THE RACE TO WIN, ANDYOUR VOTE WILL BE HIGHLY APPRECIATED. s. -VOTE FOR BEN WOODFORDFOR TAX COMMISSIONER ANDMRS. WALTER CLARK, DEPUTY.(td)MRS. WALTER CLARK..oSUSTAINS PARALYTIC STROKEMrs. Mollie Morris, aged motherof Thos. G. Morris, of Paris, and DanMorris, of Lexington, is in a criticalcondition at her home on Pleasantstreet, as the result of a stroke ofparalysis she suffered. Her entireright side is affected. She was reported yesterday as having regainedconsciousness, and was able to recognize those at her bedside.oFOR MAYOR..JOHN MERRLNGER xA V0TEF0R HIM WILL MEANA VOTE FOR YOUR INTERESTSAND THE CITY'S INTEREST.Band and Percy Reid, the party disbanded. The promotors were greatly pleased with the success of this initial venture in "boosting" Paris and its business enterprises, and with the enthusiastic reception they were givenat all points along the line. In allabout eighty decorated automobiles,carrying about 225 people, participated in the day's success. THEBOURBON NEWS gave away aboutfive hundred copies of Tuesday'sissue on the trip and received a larganumber of voluntary subscription.In all, the big day was a big success.The success of the trip may be ascribed in part to the hearty effortsof the following business men, whodirected the work of the committees:Rudolph Davis, Clyde Huffman, M.E. Guttman, Lawrence Price, andBarnett Winters, and R. C. Ruggles,of the Ruggles Motor Co., who. donatedthe use of his cars for three daysand who gave his services for thesame length of time in acting as"pathfinder" for the motorcade.The splendid work of the Paris'City Band in the musical programrendered at the various stops was thesubject of favorable comment allalong the line. The band is in theearly stages of development, in amusical sense, but is making good,with prospects of becoming a valuable and permanent institution, oneParis will gladly and willingly encourage and support.The Booster trip was conceived andplanned originally by Secretary Wm.E. Hacker, of the Paris CommercialClub, and to him must go the lion'sshare of the credit for its success.The details of the trip worked ,outalong the lines planned by Mr.Hacker justified his faith in-the ability of the committees, chairmen andhelpers to make the trip a success, asI it most aasiiredlv wm in everv re-. i "jpWtBURLEY MARKETING CAMPAIGNCOMES TO CLOSETwo full days "of intensive cam-Paigning by the soliciting committeesui me uourbon county branch of the ms an operating a chain of storesCo-operative Burley , Tobacco Mar- through Kentucky, were in Paris reketing Association brought with them cently, and closed negotiations withrealization that the farmers and to-1 tn J T. Hinton estate for a twentybacco growers of the county are al-' year lease on the two story businessmost unanimously in"favor of the , house on Main street, recently occu-plan, as evidenced bv the laree listof those who have signed the contracts. The campaign was wagedpersonally with the tobacco growersand tenants, by teams of workers inevery precinct in the county, whowere under supervision of a chairman, selected for his ability andknowledge of the situation and thepeople whom he was to handle.The Committeemen and all who areinterested in the movements are jme success 01 tne two-days' campaign,, and from the seed thus sown,hope to reap still greater results inthe future. They predict 85 per centof 'the county will be signed up. Thatthe Sapiro plan, which is the foundation stone of the Association's structure, will be a great help to the growers in securing better returns andbetter markets for their tobacco, isthe belief of all who have taken thepledge and signed contracts, andthey will not rest content until everytenant and grower of tobacco in thecounty has become a member of theAssociation.The signatures secured to daterepresent 1,374 acres," or a total of1,494,556 pounds of tobacco to bemarketed.The following new names to contracts were secured Wednesday andyesterday by the committees incharge of the campaign:J. J. Haggard,J. D. White,James Elliott,C. M. Plummer,J. B. Ellis,James Sadler. ,fB. W. Wilson,Guy Bills,J. G. Rogers,H. M. Rbseberry,Jas. H. January,W. H. Whitley,T. M. Buckner,Wm. Ryan,Charles Stewart,James Clay,Tollie Young,Conner Fletcher,S. P. Harding,Silas Mattox,J. C. Kenney,Roscoe Carmichal,Moores Brothers,Allen Gaines,Clarence Burden,Wilburn Mattox,V. H. Gaitskill,W. P. Wornall,Jas. L. Robinson,Esse Henry,Claude White,Will White,John A. Gilkey,Charlie Robinson,Floyd Mattox,Clarence T: Mingua,James B. Woodford,Frank Collins,E. F. Prichard,W. W. Kenney,J. W. Markland,Wiley Bradburn,John M. Williams,Honton Brothers,Rube Letton,James Laughlin,J. B. Ryan & McCord,Thomas H. Butler,Clifford Carter,Emmett Crump,Carl Hughes,Tom Drennan,T. J. Redmon,Wm. Carmichal,J. E. Stone & Son,C. T. Whaley,Grover Lay ton,John Willoughby,Beverly Willis.R. B. Tate,Thomas Mitchell,Jesse Booth,Henry Judy,John Toohey,Toohey Bros.,Hugh Ferguson,W. K. Ferguson,Dudley Blake,Julian "Frank,John Cameron & Son,A. P. ThomasonJohn A. Smith,J. B. Crump,M. T. Crump,James B. Duncan,W. W. Berry,E. C. Boots,Geo. Sanders,Harry Long & Son,Kiser Harney,John S. Berry,D. A. Griggs,Jos. M. Hall.M. PEALE COLLIER.X.FOR SHERIFF OF BOURBON CO.,IF I HAVE MADE A SUCCESS OFMY OWN BUSINESS, I SHOULD BEMORE CAPABLE OF LOOKING AFTER YOUR BUSINESS., BOB GILKEY, DOUG THOMAS,DEPUTIES.o-PLAYGROUNDS SUPERVISORSIn the future the public playgrounds of Paris, dedicated Monday,will be in charge of the -following:Miss Sarah Powers, who will supervise the ground at the school house;Miss Edith StivSrs, at the Wilson loton Tenth street, and Claiborne Lisle,in charge of the older boys who playbaseball.FOR RE-ELECTIONyVOTE FOR E. B. JANUARY FORXKAYOR OF PARIS. . t.PARISTO HAVE PIGGLY-WIG-GLYSTORERepresentatives of he Piggly-Wiggley Stores, a corporation own-pied by the Friedman store.The entire lower floor will be remodeled and arranged to purposes ofof the new lessees, new show windows put in place of the presentones, and a general overhauling givento bring the building up to date.The lessees expect to occupy thebuilding about September 1, with acomplete new" up-to-date stock suchas is carried by the larger mercan-ftile firms of the country, The Pig-gie-Wiggley people are UD-to-date.hustling merchants, and will beginan active campaign for business assoon as the new store is ready foroccupancy.oFOR SHERIFFR. ED. BEDFORDXA VOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORDFOR SHERIFF IS A VOTE FORFRED LINK AND D. E. CLARKoGARTH FUND COMMISSIONERSEmmettM. Dickson, Alex. Millerand Clarence K. Thomas, Commissioners of the Garth Fund, will meetthe old beneficiaries of the Fund atthe court house in this city, nextTuesday morning, July 26, at nineo'clock.The present students must comewith accounts properly made out,and with vouchers for all expenditures of money received from theFund, as well as reports of theirclass standing.The Commissioners will meet newapplicants at the court house onWednesday morning, July 27, at nineo'clock. New applicants must present reports and recommendationsfrom their last teachers and a statement of their financial condition andmoral worth from two or three citizens. oVOTE FOR JO. B. SMITHA VOTE FOR JO. B. SMITH FORTAX COMMISSIONER IS A VOTEFOR FRANK COLLINS, AS DEPUTY.(tf)BIDS FOR SCHOOL HOUSE.Bids for the erection of a newschool building at Hutchison for thecolored school children of that precinct, are being received at the officeof County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood, in the court house.oCEMENT!HAVE JUST UNLOADED FRESHCAR CEMENT.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0.fll'H'i4"H"'l'4I-'H"'i'.I'.I'.I-HHlnHH' 1 1 ll"H"l MlllllimFR A N K & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBig Reductions fonSummerMerchandiseSuitsDressesSkirtsWaists!-66SHOP AT HOME55FRANK & CO.LADIES'M 1 1 Ml HUM M HI 1 1 HI ITHE W01IEN VOTERS. BOURBON COUNTYamt.The office of County Clerk ia tfemost important one to ba filled at tkcoming primary election. Everyvoter in Bourbon county chould feelproud of the fact that vq have ha,such an efficient Clerk in the paet.and that' the office is now the bestiept in the State. Every record is iaits place in our Clerk's office, and whave pointed with pride to the factthat we had the best Clerk, thneatest set of books, the most systematic way of filing valuable papers ankeeping the business of the officright up to the minute.The people of Bourbon county can-'not afford to allow Pearce Paton tKbe defeated at this time. We cannot,let our sympathies or prejudiceovercome our better judgment whekcasting a vote for such an importantposition as that of Clerk of the County Court.We women have had little experience in politics, and some of us maywithout giving sufficient thought tothe matter, go to the polls and vote,without first considering the important duties that are intrusted to thcare of the Clerk of the BourboxtfCounty Court. Let us go to the pollson the sixth day of August and castour vote for Pearce Paton, a man wknow has in the past, and can again:in the future, fill the office 'with'credit to himself and the people oflthe county.A. WOMAN VOTER. 'oVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.oVOTE FOR A WINNERiVOTE FOR JOHN J. REDM05TFOR TAX COMMISSIONER. (19-50,oSTEAL BLUEGRASS SEED 'Patrolman Robert Lusk arrestedthree colored men named Wm. Mitchell, Earl Brown and Allie Brownon a charge of grand larceny anCplaced them m jail. It was allegedthe men had taken a large quantity,of bluegrass seed belonging to Jsaaa.Haley, of near Clintonville, and disposed of it to a local commission,house.The men were brought beforeCounty Judge George Batterton, Wednesday, and given a hearing. They,entered a plea of not guilty, and their:examining trial was set for to-dayIn default of $300 bail each, they;were committed to the care of Jailer:Thomas Taul.oFOR RE-ELECTIONVOTE FOR E. B. JANUARY F0BTMAYOR OF PARIS.oICED TEA TIMETHE BEST ISTHE CHEAPESTThe best grade of our special tea;for iced tea goes further and ischeaper in the long run. We haveall brands and prices to select frora(It) C. P. COOK & CO.allOUTFITTERSsTOMill II IfIr-'j w-sQPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSIrtabli bed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationMtfiihed Every Tuesday and FridayBcr Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.fWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.iCJMrttred at the Paris, Kentucky,Tostofflce as Mail Matter of theotnd Class.)UX FOREIGN REPRESENTA-nTIVES.eriBew York American Press Also--fkioago Lord & Thomas.'Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atknta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Loiisville Iiowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES' Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 60 cents per inch&oh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linesack Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 "cents per line, each issue. ,' ', Cards of tanks, calls on candf-'iafee, obituaries and resolutions, andBtodlar matter, 10 cents per line."gpeciAl rates for large adyertUe-;taeots and yearly contracts.' The right of publisher is ressiTsdfcoldeoHn any advertisement or otheraatter for publication.v Announcements for political officesyptf-. invariably be accompanied bjfoa cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thekaracter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.EDIT0BIAI PLINGS OP THIS.THAT 'EN T0THERMary had a little calf.Time was one did not know it,But sis.ee Dame Fashion rules it so,It's quite the thing to show it.We don't propose to lose our temper with, anyone, but we fail utterlyto respond to the idea that, becausewe are living through, with what patience and tolerance we can, the hottest summer ever, we must look forward to the coldest of winters. Seeing that the seasons get an evenbreak is not our idea of justice.The priceof lemons will advanceafter tfce August primary, as the demand, by the defeated candidateswill exhaust the supply. The plumcrop ia the State was nearly a feilure, fcnt there will be enough tohand out to the successful ones.A traveling man who was inParis, Tuesday, sprung a new box oftricks on some of the business menwho were left out of the "boostertrip." He asked them it they hadseen the latest Harding souvenir.Receiving a negative answer he displayed an empty pocket. A prettygooi oae, we would call it.Twenty-five years ago MarkTwain created international discussion by walking through the corridors of a hotel in a bathrobe. Nowadays the belle of this village cannotarouse discussion above a whisper bywalking the banks of Stoner Creek ina bathing suit, which makes a girlshow producer despair of the returnof normalcy in his business.EARLY PLOWING- GIVES BESTSESULTS WITH WHEATExperiences of Kentucky wheatgrowers agree with, experiments inshowiag that best results in growingthe crop are obtained by plowingland, which is to be broken betweenthe middle of July and the first ofSeptember, according to Prof. George!Roberts, head of the soijs and cropsdepartment of the College of Agriculture. Early preparation of the seedbed gives a more compact bed, a necessity for wheat, it prevents the escape of moisture and develops moreavailable plant food, according to thespecialist."Farmers have found that it is generally advisable to disc ahead of theplow is. preparing the seed bed forwheat. This practice gives a betterpulverized bed which firms down inbetter shape. In breaking it is wellto use a harrow or other clod-crushingimplement on each day's plowingbefore the clods dry out and becomehard. After the ground is broken itshould be harrowed following a rainin order to break up the crust whichforms. Just before the seed is drilledit is a good plan to run a tooth, harrow over the soil by a roller. Thisshould be followed immediately bythe drill."Ordinarily, plowing for wheat isnot ts be advised on soil where wheatfollows a cultivated crop, such ascorn, tobacco or beans. If such, soilis plowed it does not have an opportunity of firming down properly. Itis oaly necessary to obtain enoughloose, well-pulverized soil to cover thesee."oAbMtt the time you see somethinginteresting out of a car window, thetraim runs past two miles of boxcars a siding.oIf you're doing good work, don'tTforry; .somebody will find it out.APPROPRIATES A QUARTER MIL.LION DOLLARS FOR'Money To Be Spent Under Supervision of .Army. Officers To RaiseMore Thoroughbred Horses for Cavalry Purposes.-! -Wt TOTHER GOVERNMENTSRealizing the necessity of government interest, supervision and participation In breeding of thoroughbredhorses, it the United States is. to takeher rightful position with the othercountries of the world, the UnitedStages -Congress has made an appro-'priation of a quarter of a million dollars to -be expended in horse' breeding., VyhlIe this, is at very small amount ,when 'compared with the millions of'expenditure made by the governmentsof England, France, Italy and Spainin this work, it is being effectivelyused to enlarge the number of thoroughbred horses suitable for cavalrymounts.In explaining the plans of theUnited States government for thebreeding of more and better horses.Col. C. E. Hawkins, Quartermaster'sCorps, United States Remount Service,says:"The world war brought out the factthat the National Defense demands,not only thousands upon thousandsof horses and anules, but horses andmules of good 'breeding. Quality andbreeding in the horse and mule iswhat gives them the staying powerin danger and emergency, as well asfor the less spectacular, but not less important, service in connection, with ouragricultural and cdmmercial pursuits.'What is true in the man is true in thebeast7. Courage in the soldier we call(morale.? In either case the quality isthat of the -will to stay when threatened iby the common instinct to falterwhich means failure and defeat."The United states is the greathorse and mule market of the world.Our allies depended upon us for themajor supply of their war horses andmules. Thousands upon thousandswere sold to the British, French,Italian, Belgian, Greek and othergovernments. The supply that couldbe sold was limited only by the shipsavailable for their transportationabroad, and by the fact that rationswere naturally of the first import."The first cry from abroad was formen, then for foodstuffs to feed theirmillions of soldiers and our own men;next came the demand for ammunitionsthe stuff that made the hellish firethat raked the enemy; his theatre ofoperations and his lines of communication. On the heels of the call fortheses necessities we had the one forthe war horse and the war mule, inquantities never before approached."Automotive vehicles were used ingreat numbers. Yes, that is true, andit will be true in the future. But warand the horse and the mule continue tobe inseparable. The great militarymigrations of the past those, indeed,of civilization, itself are so linkedwith the horse that his production andimprovement may be said to have beenco-incident with them. Motive powerhas not killed the horse and1 mule industry. Every member of the specieshas a valuable and important place tofill, motive power to the contrary notwithstanding. The latter and thehorses will go along together, eachfilling an important and useful sphere."The breeding of horses and mules,far from being abated, should be practiced in the spirit of the utmost optimism and confidence. True, the horseand mule market is upset. The demand, however, for every class willcome again before the colts now bredmature. All our best informed horsemen, breeders and farmers recognizethis fact and advise doubling our attention to the work of breeding."Meanwhile better horses and mulesshould be the aim of every breeder."We need better blood, more quality;hence, a more valuable animal. A wellbred, sound animal, of good conformation and quality of any class, will always bring a high price and a handsome profit to the breeder. It is thescrub or ordinary animal that losesthe breeder and farmer money. Thescrub eats as much forage and takesas much care as the high class animal; and one has nothing at maturity. The progeny of high' class,pure bred stallions, that have -provedtheir courage, endurance and speed incompetition, and selected farnr mares,will bring the breeder an increasingprofit as the time goes on."The Government is backing theproduction of these better horses andmules. This work is heing accomplished by the War Departmentthrough the Remount Service, underthe Quartermaster General of the U.S. Army."The dast Congress appropriated aquarter of a million dollars to furtherthese plans. The project also is beingbacked by an auxiliary society of theRemount Service, known as the American Remount Association, composed ofarmy officers, civilians, breeders,farmers, ranchmen, horsemen, ownersof race horses, drivers and riders,WOMEN UNCERTAIN FACTORSIN THIS RACEInjection of the ages-old-factor ofthe uncertainty of women into theKentucky State primary this year islending something of that feeling ofuncertainty to the entire campaign.This year for the first time womenwill take part in the selection of persons whose names will appear underthe party emblems at the Novemberelection."Will the women voters in the primary August 6 cast their votes theway their husbands and relativesstamp the ballot or will they vote independently? That is a problem thatis causing candidates all over theState some sleepless nights.The average person who has giventhe problem any thought will say hebelieves that women will fall in linewith their men folks, probably subconsciously, having been influencedby the likes and dislikes as expressed in conversation at home. MenIBS BOURBON NEWS,HORSE BREEDING.I -wi -mrSPEND MUCH MORE.wagonbuggy, and harness and saddlemanufacturers in short? eof almostall thejfejpresentative, organizations interested 4nthe 'future otaJhe'horse and,mule. .The objects to be'accomplishedmay be-.summarized as follows:"ToJpV.qmote and -improve the production of "horses and miiles. f"To"", stimulate the breeding of highclass animals of the equine species,with a view to improving their bloodlines and conformation, and therebyto ' enhance their usefulness and market value."To protect owners, users and breeders and dealers against unjust and unreasonable legislation.-"To-gather, co-ordinate' and dlssem-inate-dataon breeding, feeding, stablemanagement and care of animals."To jipromote and encourage horseshows,- race and hunt meets, polo,horse fairs and riding and driving bymeans of competing for prizes andribbons."To encourage the use of the horsecommercially and for sport in healthy,outdoor exercises.' "To save the riding and drivinghorses from degeneration and extinction. "To Imbue our people with a patriotic understanding that the horse 'andmule is necessary for our NationalDefense."Our immediate concern is to savethe riding and driving horse and highclass race horse from extinction. "Wewant to produce a truly American typeof cavalry horse a horse with breeding and quality, as well as bone andsubstance a weighi carrier and thebest general purpose horse known ahorse that will weigh from 1,000 to1,250 pounds, standing from fifteenhands, one inch to sixteen hands, tightmade, with good gaits and actiona walk, trot, gallop horse that cancarry weight and follow the houndsacross country that the family candrive to church end alo cne tha- canhold his own in hard work on the i'rma horse that can 'cs v.se'1 to edvantage and economical1- any rr.d everywhere, except in very heavy dr?ft.This type of horse has splendid looks,quality, action and vigor a wonderfulall-purpose horse for the farmer, andone that can be kept at a minimumcost. Almost every commercial andmilitary use will be met by the progeny of this breeding scheme, dependent primarily upon the size, qualityand1 blood lines of the mares used inbreeding."Among the stallions to be placedthroughout the United States thissprng will be over one hundred head ofHIGH CLASS REGISTERED THOROBREDS, big horses with plenty ofbody, bone and substance. These stallions placed in the stud through Government agencies, will be available tofarmers and breeders at a minimum fee. The Government doesnot expect to make money, but tomake it" possible and feasible forthe farmer and breeder to get the service of a high class approved stallionfor their good mares. The object isto produce animals of real value anduse that will not only pay for theirrearing, but -bring a handsome profitwhen mature. We expect the progenyat maturity to make general purposehorses, cavalry horses, riding anddriving horses, show horses, hunters,race horses, polo ponies, dependinglargely upon the mares selected forbreeding and the care in "rearing thecolts; a high class horse, both forpeace and war, a link in the chain ofour National Defense. The colts willbelong to the breeder. The Government will have no strings on them.The owner will be privileged to sellthem to whomsoever he pleases at anytime. However, the Government expects to depend upon this source forits supply of animals in times both ofpeace and war."'The New York Jockey Club,' Imay add, has established a half-bredregistry at Avon, New York, with Mrs.Herbert Wadsworth in charge. Thismakes it possible for the farmers andowners of these colts, which will behalfjbreds, to register same at a nominal fee of $2.00, which registration isstrongly recommended, because, whenthe farmer or breeder desires to dispose of these colts, a better price willbe paid by civilians for the registeredcolts than for those that are not registered'. In addition to this, registrationis necessary if any type or breed ofhorse is to be established and recognized. All necessary information inregard to this registration can be hadby writing to Half-bred RegistrationBureau, New York Jockey Club, Avon,New York."Plans for an organization similarto that in charge of Mrs. Wadsworthare now under way in the interests ofKentucky breeders and farmers."will talk politics at home as well ason the street.Others won't agree with this view.Several Bourbon county candidates inthe present campaign declare theyhave found a high degree of independence among the women votersProbably the most likely conclusionto draw is that women will vote moreor less independently in the primary,but will follow strict party, lines inthe election.Blame the DentistThe gums more frequently losstheir strength and become feeble fromlaak of 8t but sometimes a poordtqfcist do&l much to bring aboutRbjfjg' disease. Ill-fitting crowns andbi&ges are a great menace to thsns and ottsa result in the f ormafkm of pus, as do stumps of teeth andlf-decftyed roots which ars ' attempted to, be savsd by crowning or are perssftitad to rjsmsia in tht jawtb.PARIS, KENTUCKYDEEPE OTTO DUlilEASOAs July passes society of the BlueGrass section 'gets deeper and deeperinto the dull season, .though it isclaimed that a larger number of theprominent leaders are remaining athome this summer than for manyyears. Even when it is hot, the suni-mer always passes so quickly anyway that thee society people withtheir screens and electric fans, andthe many other luxuries and conveniences of their own homes find thatit is more comfortable there thananywhere else. A motor car will takethem to the- country -or to the riverat most any 'hour's -notice when ther&is the "callrof' the wild," and no individual or family thus placed needbe dull even-ttiough there will be thelack of a gay whirl until the autumn.And even now the summer is onthe wane, as the 21st of July was1passed yesterday.DAY'S BEST THOUGHTTrade with the Paris merchantswho advertise in THE BOURBONNEWS. You will be sure of bargains, and have the added advantasrft of nuttins: money into circulation locally. Watch THE NEWS advertising columns.Notice To ContractorsSealed bids will be received by theState Highway Commission, at theoffice of the State Highway Engineer,Old Capitol Building, Frankfort, Kentucky, until 2:00 p. m. on the 28thday of July, 1921, for the improvement of the Mt. Sterling-Paris Road,beginning at North Middletown anttextending to the junction of thcMtcSterling-Sharpsburg road, a distanceof approximately 10.6 miles inMontgomery and Bourbon counties.This road is officially known asState Project No. 32, Section B and Con the State Primary System inMONTGOMERY and BOURBON counties. This improvement will consist ofapplying bituminous surface treatment and covering with stone chipsor crushed gravel in accordance withapproved specifications.Instructions to bidders forms ofproposals and specifications may besecured at the office of the StateHighway Engineer, Old Capitol Building, Frankfort, Kentucky.Each bidder must accompany hisbid with a bond or certified check for?500.00, payable to the State Treasurer, credit of the Department ofState Roads and Highways.The right is reserved to reject anyand all bids.APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES30,000 Gal. Medium Oil or Tar.870 Tons Stone chips or pea gravel.87,057 Sq. yds. Cleaning surface.STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION,By Joe S. Boggs,State Highway Engineer.(July 15-22)Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMax Munich, Etc PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Morris Stern, Etc DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term, 1921, of the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMonday, Aug. 8, 1921at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of eleven o'clock, a. m., willsell at public outcry to the highestand best bidder 'the following described property:The northern half of a certain lot in the City of Paris,Bourbon County, Kentucky,known as Lot No. 66, on theplat of the Fair Grounds Addition to the City of Paris, Ky.,the part conveyed being bounded and described as follows:Beginning at a point in theintersection of the land ofLarue Nichols and Collins andthe right-of-way of the L. & N.R. R. running north with theline of Brent Street a distanceof 252.2 feet, thence South ofBrent Street 40.3feet, to theline of Larue Nichols and Collins; thence East with said lineto the beginning; being the sameproperty conveyed to the partiesof the first part by deed fromMax Munich and wife, datedNovember 15, 1917, and recorded in Deed Book 103, page 355Bourbon County Clerk's office.Said property will be sold as awhole.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney, due six and twelve monthsand bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent. (6) per annum froadate of sale until paid.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtednessof the plaintiffs and the defendants,the Peoples Deposit Bank and TrustCompany, in the sum of Thirty-FiveHundred Dollars ($3,500.00) withinterest at the rate of six per cent.(6) per annum from August 1st,1920, until paid, subject to the following credits, to-wit: March the1, 1920, One Hundred Dollars($100.00), May 1st. 1920, Fifty Dollars ($50.00), and the costs of thi3proceeding and sale.The debt and interest and costsestimated as of the date of sale titFour Thousand and Thirty-Five DoKlars ($4,035.00.)O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(julyl5-22-28-aug5)' A1 I rUssV--firDGERLDE-T HEEDSw w.rIfiVfilflTHI crfrlci .-wr'hrk aVa wmmVtnthefefferson Jersey Calf Club havaTTliTiiT o" IMCUJCU1UCIB Ui.started on their work of developingherds of registered Jersey cattle astheir club projects, according to a report by E. M. Prewitt, dairy extension specialist from the College ofAgriculture. Bred heifers were recently purchased in Christian countvfor the ten members of the club whowill develop the animals as foundations for f utureherds. The club wasorganized by County Agent P. E. Merriman and Assistant County Agent H.S. Anderson vXostSomewhere in -Paris, a diamond!screw stud, in .fancy :gold setting.Finder .will receive" suitable reward jby returning to THE NEWS' onlce. j. (8-tf)iiiiiiiinnmnniiiiIS. P. MOHNEYChiropractori FIFTH YEAR IN PARIS-!t. - I tiMMMii IHtptt r mtmt t r r riParis RugglesVS.West Second Street:ParkSUNDAYJULY 24thThis is a strong team, and playsfast ball. ;Comparoni, the port-sider, will 'pitch for Paris. ;Come one and all and root for the 'home team. iADMISSION, 25c AND 50c. IJEFFEBSOsT B6T3TjLOzLjIbuSflaSE DiliNEWPORT PELICANS1 Q??MnJlc anrl PviVncThe New Buick Six-Cylinder ModI els for the 1922 SeasonThe prices forbeginning Junef. o. b. factory,Model 22-44Three Passenger RoadsterModel 22-45Five Passenger TouringModel 22-46Three Passenger CoupeModel 22-47Five Passenger SedanModel 22-48 'Four Passenger CoupeModel 22-49Seven Passenger TouringModel 22-50Seven Passenger SedanC. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant StreetsWhtn Bstttr Automobile arsFRIDAY, JULY 22, 1S21.HILL & BROWNContractors and BiildersParts, Ky.n!lVmate8 furniaAed on all kinds ofbuilding work. Workmanship aiprices, guaranteed rfghtWs makea specialty of Hardwood FlooringCall Cumberland Phones 722 sc813 . ulyl2-2mo)-' 7-lWv1PD0WN?V V fc jrdIf 'you will visit our storethis week or look in ourwindow we can show you.One Year Ago50 pounds flour and 100pounds sugar cost 33.00.To-dayYou can buy these and 120other items. Let us showyou.Logan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179,FAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa Specialtythe new series,1st, are as followsFlint, Michigan:1921 Prices 1922 Pricts&&SSkJ$1795 gfj $1495$1 795 - $ 1 525$2585 $2135$2895 $2435$2985. " $2325$2065 $1735$3295 $2635Built Buick Wlfl BmJldIliiliEKMISS HDLLADAYSItife 7 'r FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1921.THE BOURBON WIW& PARIS, KENTUCCIPAGE THKfcl!LuckyTj S Eyr 0cigaretteiastw'ADVISES FARMERS TO PROTECTTHEIR SPRINGSMany Kentucky farmers who de3ead on springs as a water supply fortheir stock are protecting theesprings and making them more sanitary by placing a concrete curbaround them, according to J. B. Kel3ey, head of the farm engineeringsection of the College of Agriculture.After the spring is surrounded withthe curb the water is allowed to flowthrough a pipe by means of gravityto a concrete tank placed several feetielow the spring at a point where thestock can conveniently reach it. Bythis means clean running water isprovided for the animals instead ofthe muddy water in which they wade.Detailed information concerning theaaaking of tanks and the installationof such water systems may be obtained free by writing the ExperimentStation, Lexington.oATTENTION, PARMERS!BEAR IN MEND THE SCARCITYAND HIGH PRICES OP COAX PREVALENT DURING THE LAST SEVERAL WINTERS, AND LAY INYOUR SUPPLY NOW, WHILE YOUCAN GET HIGHEST GRADES OP'COAL AT COMPARATIVELY LOWPRICES. WHY NOT TAKE BACKA LOAD OP OUR GOOD COAL.WHEN YOUR WAGON IS HAULINGWHEAT TO TOWN?(1-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.HOW TO VOTE POR PEARCE"BALLY" PATONHAYS TO .RAISE PRICE OPSPECIAL DELIVERYThe cost of sending a special-delivery letter is to be raised from tencents to twenty-five cents..Postmaster General Haves in m airing the change, is doing so on thesupposition that the general publicwill prefer to pay the higher chargefor better service than that whichcan be rendered under the nrpKPTtscale, with one messenerer erettinf? nbatch of letters, with the result thatoften a special delivery letter takeslonger than an ordinary one.With the new fee in operation itwill be possible to send a messengerwith each letter.The rural communities also are tohave better service, the intention being to notify addressees, whereverpossible, by telephone that a specialdelivery letter is at the postoffice.oSOMETHING WRONG WITH TOBACCO INDUSTRYThe tobacco manufacturers lastyear made the biggest profits in thehistory of the industry and the tobacco growers suffered the biggestlosses. As it requires more work,skill and knowledge to grow tobaccothan it does to manufacture it thereseems to be something entirelywrong in the tobacco industry. Infact every farmer knows where thetrouble is. The manufacturersknow more about the buying end ofthe business than the growers doabout the selling end. The growersmust set the price. The only salvation of the growers is in the BurleyTobacco Growers Co-operative Association, but the way some of thegrowers are talking one would judgethat they are looking for salvationand are satisfied with present conditions. o-HEARD IN PARISHow Bad Backs Have Been MadeStrong1 Kidney His CorrectedDemocratic Primary, August 6. 1921JOB COTTNTY COURT CLERKPEARCE PATON LCj3. B. CAYWOOD I 1Stamp in the square oppositePearce Paton the first name on theballot, and you will have voted forthe re-election of the best and mostefficient County Court Clerk in theState of Kentucky.All over Paris you hear it. Doan'sKidney Pills are keeping up the goodwork. Paris people are telling aboutit telling of bad backs made soundagain. You can believe the testimony of your own townspeople. Theytell it for the benefit of you who aresuffering. If your back aches, if youfeel lame, sore and miserable, if thekidneys act too frequently, or passages are painful, scanty and off color,use Doan's Kidney Pills, the remedythat has helped so' many of yourfriends and neighbors. Follow thisParis citizen's advice and give Doan'sa chance to do the same for you.Thomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills are all rightand I can recommend them highly.I used Doan's sometime ago when mykidneys were out of order and myback ached a lot just over my kidneys. I would have dizzy spells andfelt sleepy. I lacked ambition to domy work, too. As soon as I beganusing Doan's Kidney Pills, which Igot at Obedorfer's Drug store, i solrelief and three boxes cured me."Price 60 c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. A'Hern had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)King George's life insurance policies total something like $10,000,-000.oTwenty per cent, of the entirearea of Madagascar is covered withfrost.BRIGHTEICT,fYJVJUIHSWftJust HistoryThe next timeyou buy calomelask f oten ctlotahsVyIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.Bit the gill of to-day.Who wants her home feright,Just presses a buttomlad has Electric Light.Ga Electric Co.(ImoryoratM) 'The purified and refinedcalomel ykletz that airenausealcjx, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35cSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.comings and Goings of Ourif eople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Lillie Henry, of Winchester, is a guest of relatives in thisciuy.Miss Lula Ford is confined toher home on Seventh street by illness. Mrs. Brice Leach and son, cfGlasgow, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.R. M. Johnson, on Mt. Airy avenue.Richmond Register: "Miss Elizabeth Ferguson, of Paris, is a guestof Miss Laura Blanton, in thiscity,"Dr. Minnie Faulk, of Lexington, was a recent visitor in Paris asa guest of Dr. Martha Petree. Thelatter who has been ill at her homeon Vine street, is improving.Mrs. Alonzo Case, of Fergusonstreet, had as guests from Saturdaytill Monday her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John Orme, and brother-in-law andsister, Mr. and Mrs. Abner Taylor,all of Maysville.A touring party composed ofMr. and Mrs. James C. Schenk, twodaughters and son, of Ashtabula,Ohio, were in Paris, Tuesday. Theyare making a motor tour throughthe Bluegrass region, and weregreatly pleased with the appearanceof Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5)oRICHMOND WRITER PRAISESPARIS CITY OFFICIALSA writer in the Richmond Register, using the none de plume "TaxPayer," contributes a lengthy communication to a recent issue of thatpaper, in which he takes occasion topraise Paris city officials, and totoss a verbal bouquet to Paris. Hiscommunication, in part follows:"As a citizen and taxpayer in thecity of Ricthmond I thought that afew lines at' the present time mightbe of interest to the voters and ahelp for a bigger and better Richmond. "The coming city and county primary is now less than a month offand I notice through your paperthat a few days ago there was a committee of citizens met and selectedsix gentlemen to make the race forcouncilmen of the city of Richmond"I have been a citizen and property owner of Richmond for a number of years and at this time of theyear, just before a primary election,with a great deal of interest, themanner in which the people lookupon elections, you can hear themin groups, on the street or in thebusiness houses discussing politicsand it is very evident that they areonly interested in the races of thecounty and it is seldom the case youever hear the office of city councilman mentioned, while the welfareand progress of the town, which allcitizens should be interested in,solely depends on this body."The striking part of it is that weare so different in this respect fromour neighboring towns, for instance,take Paris, Ky."The present council of Paris, Ky.,consists of the following gentlemen:"N. Ford Brent, seed merchantand commission man."C. W. Spears, miller and commission man."Edw. Burke, wealthy farmerr."J. J. Williams, bookkeeper andcashier Paris Milling Co."Hugh Brent, real estate agent."Geo. L. DOyle, assistant cashierPeoples' Deposit Bank and TrustCompany.The candidates that are runningfor the office of councilma nin thefor the office of councilman in thegentlemen:"C. W. Spears, for re-election."J. J. Williams, for re-election."Geo. L. Doyle, for re-election."Wm. Kenney, doctor."Geo. Speakes, real estate agent."W. W. Mitchell, banker."R. C. Ruggles, auto dealer."Claude Redmon, auto dealer."Jas. Connell, farmer."Frank Kiser, banker."Bernard Santen, banker."Paris, Ky.f has to my knowledge,done more public improvements inthe past five years than any othertown its size in Central Kentucky.":BIRDS ROOFSSHINGLE DESIGN ROOFINGi:A Handsome Roofat Little CostSrcTs Shingle Design Roofing is thewonderfully popular roll ropfing thatcomes in shingle design naturalslate-red and slate-green.VOTE FOR PEAECE PATON.HE DID lillIT m POSSIBLEEIBis: Change In Louisville Man EatsAnything, Sleeps Sound andPeels Pine NowAt little cost Bird Shingle Design Roofing addsbeauty to residence, bungalow cottage, garage,or barn. It won't catch fire from falling sparks.Costs much less than a wooden or asphaltshingle rootIf desired, can be laid right over old woodenshingles.If you want an extra goodJooking roof at aslittle cost as 't is safe to pay, you wont gowrong in buyin6 Birds Shingle Design Roof-BIRD & SON, inc. (Established 1795) East WalpolcMa.PARIS DESIGN ROOFING CO.HOMER L. RANKIN, Manager(Cumberland Phone 899)Call Bourbon Lumber Co.Both Phones 122$30,000 HUNG UP FOR LATONIAMATURE.1 1 1 m imw i 'H i M-:-i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i'":"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"il.ilfl,il4,l muttCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35L. & N.--$2.35Sunday, July 31, 1921Special train will leaye Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,,6:30 p.-jn., standardjtimcCTiSO p. m.mtv Tim". TiVir further infonna-I tion, consult Local Ticket Agent.(22-26-29)"I just feel fine these days andTanlac gets the credit from me," saidMichel McCrone, 541 South Claystreet, Louisville, Ky."I was a miserable man for fiveyears. as a result of stomach troubleand catarrh of the head. No matterhow careful I was about what I ateI was sure to suffer afterwards fromindigestion. I had awful pains in myleft side, too, and this, with thetrouble that catarrh gave me, keptme from getting any sound rest. Iwasted away until I was little morethan a skeleton. I actually lost thir-ty pounds in weight and grew 30weak 1 nad to stay nome irom woricfor days at a time."Tanlac cleared up my catarrh almost in a jiffy and next it put mystomach in first-class condition. It'sa fact I hadn't been taking it lqngbefore all my troubles disappearedand I was feeling like a brand newman. I eat anything now, sleepsound as a log, never miss a day atwork and feel fine all the time. I amputting on weight rapidly and havealready gotten back twenty-three ofthe thirty pounds I lost while I wassick. I didn't think it was possiblefor a medicine to make such a bigchange in such a short time. Tanlaccertainly does the ork." (adr)Brother Batch, the colt that startedthree days in succession at the Lafonia spring meeting and in his thirdstart won the Latonia Derby, willhave a chance to win another richstake at Latonia in the fall.He is able to go in the LatoniaChampionship Stakes.But Brother Batch then will haveharder sledding than in the LatoniaDerby, for there are seventy-nineyoungsters still eligible for thechampionship race and it is certain !there will be a field of more thanthree, the number which started inthe Derby.The Latonia Championship of thisyear will be worth more than $30,000to the winner.Eighty are still eligible and amongthese are some of America's greatestway that the society people withoA five-reel motion picture is approximately 5,000 feet long.GEOPILES!If you are a sufferer with pOes, hemorSolS, Mind or bleeding, Y;? reUffronitne nrst application of UmlR.mdy (salveV for piles and fiufrnn hvfectly soothing; does not smart. $1.00 bymail, prepaid.p. 01EE, Wi MiMfKlmr, WcWiwit, K(apr29-13tF)'RGE U. PAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299f, ii,t,t,t..t.,tA,tii 1 1 mt f it j. Tf-f f rmmi'itimmiimm1 1 f Ull "'I'I'4J'.HmI..i.4..i,.i.,i,.i..i..i..i,.ii,.i.4..i.ii Ufii i.j f jfrKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount.see our stock.T. W. SPICERCall andMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEihimim inn 11 ill nninummiH7,VJ JPAGE FOOTTEE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 22, 1921.OUR CLEARANCE SALEWAS HIGHLY SUCEESSFULTHEPUBLIC SHOWED SUCH GRANDAPPRECIATION THAT WEWILL CONTINUE FORJUST TWO DAYS MORESALE CLOSES POSITIVELYSATURDAY JULY 23rdRELIGIOUS.IU$&jJcORPOP0DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYISN'T THIS PROFITEERING?A Paris man who is prominentin the business and social life ofthe city, told THE NEWS man theother day of an instance of what hetermed "flagrant profiteering," thelike of which, he further stated, heliad never known before in the history of Paris:"A few days ago my wife told meshe would like to have some younggreen corn to prepare one of thosefancy dishes that women like tohave appear occasionally on theirtables. Like a dutiful husband, Ipromised to secure the necessary articles. On going down town I cameBASE BALL NOTESThe Newport Pelicans, a strongamateur team, will play the ParisRuggles team at the Second streetball park, Sunday afternoon. Parisfans who are acquainted with severalmembers of the Newport team saythey make up a strong bunch of ballplayers, and that Paris will have toplay as they did last Sunday in orderto take off the major end of thescore. Coming from the home of thefamous Wiedemanns, the Pelicans imbibed base ball from their infancy,and expect to show patrons of thegame Sunday some real baseball. But,as Manager M. B. Jackson previouslyacross a hukster who had the very j remarket : "These Pelicans may bearticle. I secured a dozen ears fortwenty-five cents. The next day, asa matter of curiosity I went intoone of the leading groceries of Paris,and seeing some nice-looking youngcorn on display asked the price. Mybreath left me when the clerk informed me they were fifty cents perdozen. The next day I went intoanother grocery on the same errand,and found the price of the same article had gone up to seventy-five cents.And now I have been informed thatParis grocers have been charging one-dollar per dozen for this table food.Is that profiteering or not?"FOR MAYORJOHN MERRDTGERCLEAN STREETS ARE A VALUABLE ASSET TO A CITY.XFOR SHERIFFVOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORD FORSHERIFF.rGO TO CAMPRalph Connell, son of Mr. and.Mrs. John J. Connell, and CraigTucker, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.Tucker, have gone to Camp Knox,near Louisville, where they have entered the summer training camp.They will take a complete course ofintensive training in the camp. Mr.Connell will also visit his brother,Thornton Connell, who is a memberof the Courier-Journal reportorialstaff.o'birds,' but they won't swallow theParis boys." Game called at 3:00 p.m., sharp.The glorious traditions of the"skinned diamond" were upheldWednesday afternoon at the Secondstreet ball park, when the Methodist "Sprinklers" defeated the Chri3-tian "Divers" by the unholy score ofI 25 to 5. Before the game started themanagers and captains of the twocompeting teams held a conference,at which an agreement was enteredinto to call the game should eitherteam score as many as 45 runs before the final inning. But as luckwould have it the game was decidedlong before the scorekeper's chalkgave out, resulting in a victory forthe "Sprinklers," who chortled mhigh glee over their opponents' discomfiture. And now the "Sprinklersare ungenerously suggesting that the"Divers" take a correspondencej course in base ball berore tne nextI game.oDON'T BE CONFUSED, LADIESRev. W. A. Hopkins, of Louisville, will fill the pulpit at the ParisPresbyterian church next Sunday, atboth morning and evening services.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:45. The subject will be, "The Dangers of Materialism." Leader, Miss WillieFisher.A gospel team from ,the ParisChristian church, will go to Escondida Sunday afternoon, where aspecial service will be held . A verycord;al invitation is extended "to allto attend this servce.Christian Church CalendarSunday Bible School, 9:30 a. m.;Morning Worship, 10:45 a. m.; Christian Endeavor, 6:00 p. m.; EveningWoiship, 7:00 p. m. Monday BoyScent Meeting, 7:30 p. m. FridayChoir Practice, 7:30 p. m.The annual get-to-gether meeting of the Paris Epworth LeagueChapter, was held last night at eighto'clock at the home of Mr. and Mrs.James Grinnell, on High street. Rev.J. E. Moss was the principal speaker.Owing to THE NEWS going to pressat an early hour a complete report ofthe event was not obtainable.The pupils and teachers of theJunior Department of the Christian? church Bible school had a most enjoyable picnic Wednesday in thewoodland of Mr. E. C. Cleveland,near Paris. The teachers and pupilsmet at the church at nine o'clock,and were taken to the Clevelandhome in autos. All enjoyed themselves to the very limit and returned to their homes happy.The resignation of the Rev. O.E. Bryman as secretary of- the Baptist State Board of Missions was accepted by members of the board.The Rev. Dr. Calvin M. Thompson, ofWinchester, was elected to take hisplace. Dr. Bryan will leave Kentucky September 1 to accept a placewith the Home Mission Board at Atlanta.!JULY CLE AiHilUC MLEVOTE FOR A WINNERVOTE FOR JOHN J. REDMONFOR TAX COMMISSIONER. (19-Bt)FOR SHERIFFR. ED BEDFORDXM. PEALE COLLIER,XFOR SHERIFF OF BOURBON CO.I HAVE TRIED TO CONDUCT MYCAMPAIGN ON A HIGH PLANE,HAHING NO CHARGES AGAINSTANYONE, AND I HAVE UNWAVERING FAITH IN THE INTELLIGENCE OF THE PEOPLE OF MYCOUNTY.BOB G3LKEY, DOUG THOMAS,DEPUTIES.-oRAILWAY TIES BURN.A carload of creosoted cross tiesfor use on the L. & N.f stacked on asiding near Talbot Station, threemiles north of Paris, caught fire Tuesday afternoon, and were destroyed before a rescue party from Paris couldreach the scene. The yard enginefrom the South Paris yards and acrew of section men went to thescene, and succeeded in extinguishing the fire after a hard fight.As a result of the fire the ties werescattered over the south tracks, compelling al southbound trains to usethe north tracks. The debris wascleared away, and all trains runningon schedule time Wednesday.oFOR RE-ELECTIONVOTE FOR E. B. JANUARY FORKAYOR OF PARIS.oVOTE FOR JO. B. SMITHA VOTE FOR JO. B. SMITH FORTAX COManSSIONER IS A VOTETOR FRANK COLLINS, AS DEPUTY.TO VOTE FOR SHERIFF STAMPAFTERI. PEALE COLLIER R7AND YOU WILL HAVE VOTEDNOT ONLY FOR HIM BUT ALSOFOR BOB GILKEY AND DOUGTHOMAS AS HIS DEPUTIES.THREE BETTER CITIZENS NEVERLIVED. THEY ARE ENTITLED TOCONSIDERATION (tfA VOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFOKDFOR SHERIFF IS A VOTE FORFRED LINK AND D. E. CLARKCOLORED MISSIONARY CONVENTION IN SESSION.SOMETHING WRONG, SURE!Despite the assurance of the CityHealth Officer regarding the wholesomeness of the water furnished consumers by the Paris Water Co., theaforesaid consumers are still complaining of the disagreeable odor andtaste of the aforesaid water. Theyare both there. r spite of the chlorine and other "purifying agents."The consumers appreciate the situation in all its aspects, but the factregains that both the odor and tasteof the city water remain decidedlyobjectionable. Owners of cisterns-find themslves at the height of poppolarity, and many are foregoing their.daily baths until such time as tne-water may be improved.o rFOR RE-ELECTIOKThe forty-ninth annual session ofthe Colored Christian Church StateMissionary Convention opened itssessions in the colored Christianchurch, in this city, Monday, withE. M. Hardin, of Lexington, presiding over the Sunday school department. Two days are given for theSunday school, and two days for theWomen's Missionary departmentThe program Monday and Tuesdaywas of especial interest, the principal feature being the president's address. Subjects of interest regarding the Sunday school and missionary work were discussed oy delegates representing most of thechurches in the State. Of specialinterest were the two addresses ofthe two addresses of R. M. Hopkins,representing the United Christian Missionary Societies at St.Louis, Missouri. These addressestouched on "man's viewpoint and theDivine viewpoint that thev obstacles and difficulties are largely metwith in the church as well as without."HUSBAND AND $4,000 IN CASHMYSTERIOUSLY MISSINGParis and Lexington police, actingin concert with the authorities ofother places, are seeking the whereabouts of Robert Chilton Holmes,traveling shoe salesman, of Knoxville, Tenn., who is mysteriouslymissing.Holmes came to Paris some timeago with his wife and four children, en route to Lexington. Hehad in his possession at the time$4,000, the proceeds from the sale ofhis business in Knoxville. Thoyspent one night at the WindsorHotel, leaving the next morning presumably for Lexington, where theyintended to reside.On changing cars at Paris the wifeand children boarded the train forLexington, while Holmes wenf inrothe baggage room, saying he wouldlook after the baggage. He was noton the train when it started, and hisnot been seen since. His wife andchildren are being cared forby the Travelers' Aid Society, atLexington. Mrs. Holmes fears herhusband has met with foul play,saying she knew of no reason whv heshould have left them so mysteriously.FOR SHERIFF.VOTE FOR R. ED BEDFORD FORSHERIFF.COAL.PROTECT YOURSELF FROMPROBABLE COAL SHORTAGEAGAIN THIS WINTER BY LAYING IN YOUR .SUPPLY NOW,WHILE YOU CAN GET BESTaUALITY AT PRICES WHICH MAYBE LOWER NOW THAN THEYWILL BE WHEN COLD WEATHERARRIVES,(i-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.ADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDVOTE FOR A WINNERVOTE FOR JOHN J. REDMONFOR TAX COMMISSIONER. (19-5t)oHIGH STREET CONSTRUCTIONWORK UNDER WAYThe work of reconstructing Highstreet from Fourteenth to Fourth, isnow well under way, under the supervision of the Henry Bickel Co., ofLouisville, who have the contract.This firm also has the sanitary sewercontract for the same street.The excavation work is being donewith a big steam shovel, which digsand loads at one operation, doingwork in one day equivalent to thatdone by one hundred men. The workis progressing steadily all along theline.In the County Court Wednesday,County Judge George Batterton appointed Henry S. May as administrator of the estate of his deceasedwife, Mrs. Amanda Yerkes May. Mr.May accepted and qualified for thetrust by furnishing bond in the sumof $3,5100, with Annie M. Biddleand Charles B. May as sureties.oFOR SHERIFF.FOR SHERIFFR. ED BEDFORDXA VOTE FOR R. ED BEDFnPTiFOR SHERIFF IS A VOTE FORFRED LINK AND D. E. CLARK.oTOBACCO HAIL INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AGTSFIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG.VOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORD FORSHERIFF.oLEADERS CLUB MEETINGA meeting of the RecreationalClub of the Community Service washeld last night, at .7:30 o'clock, inthe gymnasium of the Paris HighSchool. Considerable business of importance was transacted and plansVOTE FOR E. B. IAHUARY FOR formulated for forwarding the workXAYfTR. O yPAHS. J or tne organization.DR. McVEY WILL REMAIN WITHK. U.-Dr. Frank L. McVey will remainas president of the University ofKentucky.Late Wednesday night he announced in a formal statement that he haddeclined the presidency of the University of Missouri, offered two weeksago. His decision has been awaitedwith interest since the announcementtnat he was considering the offerfrom the larger institution."If I did' not believe that the Statewill get behind the University at thenext Legislature for a greater appropriation, I should not have decidedto remain hefe," Dr. McVey said.Silks, Georgettes, Taffetas, Crepe de Chine, CantonCrepes, in all shadesLadies' DressesValues Up to $50.00JULY CLEARANCE SALE$19.75JUSTFor OurARRIVEDpecial SaleA Group of Fashionable"Bobette" Model HatsRegularly Priced at $15.00 and $17.50,are now on sale at$9.98White, Lavender, Jade, Nile, Scarlet, Blue, Sand, Pink.Unusual Shapes and Pretty Trimmings of Embroidery,Ribbons and Novelties. Bought at a great loss to theYou get the benefit of the low price.224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckySWFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00"Check Profprrinnwithout a MachineGhven Without Costto Our DepositorsrTTO combat the numerous frauds caused byx "raising" checks, we have adopted the Protectu Check System. Each Protectu check has aseries of numbers lithographed in indelible ink atthe end of each check like a money order. Bya cutting device provided with each check book,tne end can be torn so that the holiest amountindicated on the margin of the check representsthe maximum amount of check.This special siziebusiness check book, three checksto a page, is suitable for all business rms,Protectu checksmayalsobehadintwopocketsies.If you are considering opening a checking account, byaUmeanscomeinand see this additionaiservice that we are giving free to our patrons.EQUALLY PRACTICAL FOR POCKET,DESK AND PAY ROLL USEWE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Colif1,sf.r,?"'V,-ftAFRIDAY, JULY 22, 1921.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' KBNTUCMtWK"sl Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseVOTE FOR A WINKERVOTE FOE JOHN J. BEDMOKJOB TAX COMMISSIONER. (19-5t)oIMPOETANT NOTICEAn important meeting of the Bourbon County. Tennis Club will beheld this (Friday) evening, July 22,at 7:30 o'clock in the rooms of theCommercial Club. Every member isurged to be present.-oFOE SHERIFFi VOTE FOE E. ED. BEDFOED FOE jSE&JKifcJb', ... .o. ATTENTION, DEMOCRATS!.' The Bourbon County DemocraticCommittee is call to meeet this (Frirday) afternoon, July 22, at the courthouse in Paris, for the purpose ofrecommending- a list of officers forAngust 6 precinct election.WM. D. McINTYRE,Chairman.QfcEAl ESTATE TRANSACTIONSHarry L. Mitchell & Son sold atprivate sale this week for H. C. Wilson, his residence on Pleasant' streetto Mrs. M. E. Mitchell at a pricenot reported for publication. Mrs.Mitchell will move to and occupy theproperty about September 1.oVOTE FOE PEAECE PATON.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.PAGE FIVEIHLIJJIU i.U .IJHI anv-mnw mm, m ' .mComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FOE SHEEIF.M. PEALE COIHEE.FEACTUEES WRIST.While cranking a motor car at hi3home in East Paris, Winn Hutchcraft, son of Mrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft, had the bones of his rightwrist fractured when the crank slipped, striking him on the arm. Hewas taken to a physician's office,-where the fractured bones were setand placed in splints.oFOR MAYORJOHN MEEEINGERx!THE CITY'S BUSINESS SHOULDSE CONDUCTED WITH THE SAMECARE AND ECONOMY AS A PRIVATE BUSINESS. (tt)oTO-DAY LAST FOR FILING EXPENSE ACCOUNTSTo-day is the last day in whichpreliminary expense accounts jinnybe filed by candidates in Bourboncounty. They must be filed withboth the Sheriff, as chairman of theCounty Board 'of Election Commissioners, and with the County Clerk.The legal forms on which these returns are to be made may be obtained at THE NEWS office. Postprimary expense accounts must alsobe filled in. Come in and get yoursto-day.aFOR SHERIFFVOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORD FOESHERIFF.oSHINGLES ARE CHEAP: EAISEWILL COME SOONShingles are being sold for lessprofit to the dealer at this time thanfor many years and will be advancedin price unless the wholesale marketdeclines. Buy now.BOURBON LUMBER CO., . .PEALE COLLIER, Mgr.(22-3t)oDON'T BE CONFUSED TrADTESTO VOTE FOR SHERIFF STAMPAFTERM. PEALE COTTIERAND YOU WILL HAVE VOTEQ NOTONLY FOR HIM BUT ALSO FOEROB GTLKEY AND DOUG THOMASAS HIS DEPUTIES. THEEE BET-TEE CITIZENS NEVER LIVED.THEY AEE ENTITLED TO CONSIDERATION. tfA SQUARE DEAL TO ALL CANDIDATES.THE BOURBON NEWS solicitslegitimate political advertising: matter from ATT, candidates. We playno favorites through our columnsthey are open to every candidatealike and at the same charge to all.Whether we, as individuals, intend to vote for or against any candidate makes no Lifference, they willall receive the same service when itcomes to either advertising or jobi7ork.All work handled by us is strictlyprivate and confidential, no matterwho the work is being done for.oDON'T FAIL TO REGISTERSpecial registration for the city ofParis will be held ? the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, to-morrow,Saturday, July 23. At this timeit will be necessary for all who arenot already registered voters of thecity, or who have changed their precinct of their residence since lastregistration day to register with theClerk in order to be entitled to votein the August primary.This registration is only for persons who were unable to register lastfall on account of sickness in thefamily or unavoidable absence fromthe city on registration day, or wholiave moved into the county and become legal voters since last reegistration. It is also for the purpose ofenabling those persons who havemoved from onee precinct to anotherfiince last election to get transier,and for all who have become of agesince last election but for no onerriZlrS' 0hn Boty is visitingMiss Margaret Ardery left Tues-r?J SP extended sojourn at Colorado Springs, Colo.T,oTSoaUi-re L- J' Fretwell is at Graham Springs, near Harrodsburg, forhis summer vacationwi7 n- ellQuinn and brother,Wm Qumn, of Ferguson street, theguests of relatives in Lexington.Mrs. Clay Sutherland and babe,lEX? be?,n g:uests this week of heifather, Clayton Strode, in Winches-LCI,Mrs. Alex Rice continues serl-'ousiy in at her home on Mt. Airyavenue.Misses Olivia and Ruth Orr areVisicing relatives in Louisville andSonora, Ky.Miss Florence Davidson, of Richmond, is a guest of Miss RobertaAdams, of Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. Neville Fisher has returnedto her - home in Georgetown after avisit to Dr. Martha Petree, on Vinestreet.Rev. and Mrs. -C. H. Greeer anddaughters, Misses Frances and Elizabeth Greer, are visiting relatives inShelby county.Nancy, little daughter of Mr. 'and Mrs. Thos. Kiser, is ill of typhoidfever, at the home of her parents, onMaysville street.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Gibson, ofLos Angeles, Cali., are guests at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin,of South Main street. iMisses Frances Butler andCatherine Duncan will leave to-morrowmorning for a two-weeks' tripthrough the Northwest.Mrs. J. Frank Trisler and daughter, Miss Marjorie Trisler, have returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Fred Legg, in Cincinnati.Misses Hattie and Lelia Clarkand Mattie Lilleston will leave today for a two-weeks' stay at LakeChautauqua, New York.The many friends of Jos. M. Hallare giving him a warm welcome onhis reappearance on the streets aftera lecent severe illness.Robert Hall, son of Mrs. BruceCollins Hall, is able to be out afteran illness of five weeks from hearttrouble and appendicitis.Miss Irene Bramblette, of Paris,is with a party of campers fromCynthiana, who are having a goodtime at the Boonesboro bathingbeach.C. M. Taylor, of Paris, has goneto 'the Johns-Hopkins Hospital, atBaltimore, Maryland, where he w;Ilundergo treatment for a brokenshoulder.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson has returned to her home in Flemingsburgafter spending several days as gusstof her brother, Capt. Robert Harbeson, near Paris.Mrs. Frank G. Snyder, of Louisville, who has been the guest ofher sister, Mrs. Clark Barnett, forthe past two weeks, will return toher home to-day.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Henry, ofj motor trip to Canton, Ohio, wherethey will spend two weeks as guestsof relatives and friends.Misses Mary Ashcraft and Lillian Smith have returned to theirhomes in Cynthiana after a visit toMr. and Mrs. A. W. Cottingham, onSouth Main street, in this city.C. Landen Templin, formerParisian, will arrive this week fromPhiladelphia, Pa., to spend his summer vacation with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. T. T. Templin, of SouthMain street.Mrs. Thomas Buckner and littledaughter, Clay Wornall Buckner,and Miss Nell Mahoney, of Paris,were dinner guests of Miss Lee Croxton and Mrs. Hayden Clement, inWinchester. Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, ofHouston avenue, gave a boating partyon Stoner Creek, in compliment toMr. and Mrs. Edward Remington, ofSt. Louis, who are guests of relativesin this city.Mrs. James W. Thompson willleave Tuesday for Les Cheneaux,Mich., to spend the remainder of thesummer with her sister, Mrs. JohnStoll, of Lexington, who is occupying her summer home there.Mrs. Henry A. Power and daughter, Miss Sarah Power, Mrs. ThomasChipley and daughter, Miss LucilleChipley, and Miss Miriam Gallowayhavere turned fr6m a two-weeks' stayat Camp Kavanaugh, near Crestwood, Ky.Miss Ruby Jane Houston has returned from an extended visit InLouisville, where she was a memberof twp house parties, one given byMiss Elizabeth Stuart Carter, formerly of Paris, the other by MissEtta May Stanley, of Louisville.Mr. M. E. Guttman, of theLeader Department Store, accompanied by tils wife, will leave Sundaymorning for New York to purchasethe newest in ready-to-wear for hisstore. At the same time he will finish his honeymoon trip, which wasinterrupted bythe opening of theLeader Store.Mrs. Fred Huffstetter, of Carlisle, who was brought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,several days ago, for treatment, continues seriously ill at the institution.Shortly after being brought to theiinC!nUQi oVip rfpvplnned imeumonia.Her condition is reported as beingvery critical.-v-Col. P. Dale, formerly of Cynthiana, now a resident of Covington,spent several days in Paris this weekas guest of his son, W. S. Dale, andMrs. Dale. Col. Dale will be wellremembered here by the older generation. He is one of the businesspioneers of Cynthiana, and hasmany friends in this city. Col. Daleis at present a member of the clericalforce at McAlpin's, in Cincinnati.(Other "Personals on Page 3)bES0NAL ATTENTION TO TTTFDUTIES OF THE OIHOE.2OTTOttOT'B0TO TH0MASMIDSUMMER DANCEwinh,T i ald, Vail Bald.5.on.Sl.5?cC1tatock composeS2hanf01S Temple' in Paris' on the?lsh of Thursday, July 28. MusicSmithT wiU b rnished byfm nfV The hours w111 be?i ?J three Severl hundred invitations t u xProm all indications the dance willSfe SSlynatt5nded by 80ciety e"?ountrie BUrb0n and roundingFOR SHERIFFVOTEFOE E. ED. BEDFOED FOESHEEIFF.1,055 CITIZENS PETITION FOETHRELKELD PAEDONA petition signed by 1,055 Jessamine county persona, asking for thepardoning of Prof. T. B. Threlkeld,has been sent to Gov. Edwin P. Morrow. Professor Threlkeld is serving alife, term in the Reformatory for thekilling of Arthur Denman, Nicholasville merchant.Another petition, signed by 250business and professional men of adjoining counties, also has been forwarded to the Governor.FOE SHEEIFFM. PEALE COLLIEEXMY RECORD AS A PEIVATE CITIZEN HAS NOT BEEN INFLUENCED BY POLITICAL ASPIEATIONS.AS UNTIL A FEW MONTHS AGO IHAN NEVEE EXPECTED TO BECOME A CANDIDATE FOE PUBLICOFFICE.BOB GILKEY, DOUG THOMAS,DEPUTIES.FANCY CATTLE BEING EATHEE! LOW PEICESj During the past two weeks cattlefeeders of the Bluegrass have soldseveral loads of heavy steers at pricesranging from 7i to 8 cents perpound. Many of these cattle werepurchased a year ago as high as 10cper pound. However, most of thesefeeders produced enough steers to cutdown their loss materially. Prospectst for next winter's feeding look verygood because feeder steers can bebought in line with the prices received lor fat cattle.VOTE FOE A WINNERVOTE FOE JOHN J. EEDMONFOE TAX C0MMISSI0NEE. (19-5t)FOE SHEEIFFVOTE FOE E. ED. BEDFOED FOESHEEIFF.oVOTE FOE PEAEdE PATON.&WML)AmMmm&"GOOD T.WHO WAITS" --WIEYOHIMmmamm JBRV Ktl 5 "C3Q WBS STtt fUm I 8 .fcJ fLU 1W W M S il tfi M bYou'll have to come here IN A HURRY to partake of oursuper specials, our you'll be too late. For instanceFifty Men's and Young Men's SuitsTaken From Our Regular Stock-In95Values to $35. If your size is here (and it is now) you'llmake a genuine savingJust 10. Dozen BlueChambray Work Shirts' Sizes 14 1-2 to 1759c each48 Pairs Men's TanCalf ShoesEnglish and Medium Toes$4.85Any Palm BeachSuit$13.75A Lot of Men's CapsValues to $2.90Men's Athletic UnionSuits$1.25 Values79cSTRAW AND PANAMAHATS5LPAwnP3 ? E5 Es Fs-s?5?a:ssrsraaand LessYou can easilyfind us now. Weare painting ourstore green Yea,verily, VERYGREEN.Be the Early Bird This TimeLewis WollstcinTWIN BROS. CLOTHING AND SHOE STOREHad a jolly goodti me on theBooster Trip andere spurred ento grcsr deeds.jCTAlWf J biMllCrRoses For SaleTwo-year-old Bench Roses on sale,for ten days only, at fifty cents each.PARIS GREEN HOUSES,John Christman, Prop.,(22-lt) Nineteenth Street.LostSomewhere in East ParisNorth Middletown pike, aman's dark blue serge coat.return to NEWS office and receivereward. (22-2t)or onv FOE SHEEIFEVOTE FOR E. ED. BEDFOED FpESHEEIFF.Isn't it goodnews to knowthat $33.50buys a splendidBlue Serge Suit?It's a fact herethat for thatprice we offera serge suitthat we say lis the equalfor wearand serviceof suits thatare sellinga third more "elsewhere.,WIf it comesfrim Docvisit s ridhtZMBMEn3KSsauJgcarjzsi?gigaMBajLMr-j!KNow is the Time You Needj&rofy State Midft IfoifA feniilatorR R TIandVUD0R SHADEand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind atGREATLY REDUCED PRICES.... ,VENnLATINe'vMake your selection to-day. PORCH SHADESSELF-HANGING'VudorColumbia Srafonolasf '3 J.Vare the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic StopPlay Columbia Records on Columbia Maclunes' I - 4 ' I ' l-fl I W'1111 JJL U.JJ ! JJ.A11 x XfVI jEITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSiXTH AND IKAINMotdr Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingWWU7Itft.else.. FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1321. T&?rGK FTTHE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKT& - -ANNOUNCEMENTSKENTUCKY WILL NOT LOSE CON-"GRESSMENFOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "BobGilkey and "Doug" Thomad, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully 0li?Its your support and influence. "" : - -V.David E. Clark and "W. Fred Link,Deputies,f 'FOR COUNTY CLERKWc are authorized tc announcePMARCE PATON as a candidate forCaerk of the Bourbon County Court,aupject to the Democratic primarylection, to be held on Saturday,August , 1921."We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldPU Saturday, August 6, 1921.X2FOR JAILER.We are authorized to anaounceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to the-tcticn of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1121. He respectfully solicits yournjppSrt and influence In hl3 candi-rdacy. ". " "M are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., Is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceiW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of,th voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.Kentucky is not to lose a member ofCongress, if present plans are carriedout, and they probably will be. TheHouse committee on the census, ofwhich Representative Siegel, of NewYork, is chairman, is planning totake up the reappointment of newmembers under thp 1920 census at ameeting of the committee. This committee, 111 the last Congress, reporteda bill providing for the same numberof members as in the present House.J But, because some States had grownmore than others, the retention orthe same number caused a decrease inthe membership of some States andan-increase in others. Such a stormof protest was aroused by the cuttingdown of the representation in theseStates that the bill was abandonedand no change was made in the, oldrepresentation.States which gain in membershipwould have to be redistricted or electfrom the nresent districts and the act-ditional member or members could bechosen by the State at large untilsuch time as the Legislature mightredistrict the State. But Kentuckywould be spared this necessity, as thepresent districts in all probabilitywould remain untouched.It was very largely because of thesituation in Kentucky that the planof retaining the present membershipof 435 in the House was defeated inthe last Congress. It was fearedthat by reducing the number of members at a time when the legislaturewas not in session to redistrict theState, all the members would have tobe elected at large and the Statemight become solidly Democratic. Sothe plan was abandoned.A GEM EROM THE CONGRES-1SIONAL RECORDFOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of 'BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Depury County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticpartyrf FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKD3 SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.. Z FOR MAGISTRATEWe are authorized to announceTHANK P. LOWRY, of Paris, as acaadidate for Magistrate from theParis precinct in the Bourbon FiscalCoMrt, subject to the action of theDemocratic voters at the primaryelection on August 6, 1921.FOR MAYORWe are authorized to announce E.3J. JANUARY as a candidate for reelection as Mayor of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic party, primary election August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky., .subject to theaction of the Democratic voters mthe primary election, August 6,lt21.We are authorized to announceJOHN MERRINGZR as a candidateSenator Fletcher (Dem., Fla.) wasmaking an argument against theSenate hecess. He said: Let usstay here until we get through," thenadded:"That suggests a story I readonce about an Englishman who,walking along the street in Boston,observed, in front of a restaurant, acarte de jour which had on it, 'Beefsteak, 50 cents.' He was a littlehungry, so he walked in and took hisseat at a table. Soon a girl with ahlppt- skirt and a white shirtwaistand a white apron appeared to takehis order, he said, "I want somebeefsteak.' The girl replied, beingfrom Boston, 'The beefsteak is allover.' He, being an Englishman, responded, 'All over what?' She, intrue Boston style, answered, 'All overwith.'"I say, let us stay here and do thethings we should do until we get it'all over with. "DENIES GRAFT REPORTImmigration Commissioner Frederick A. Wallis declared that he hadbeen misquoted in the newspapers regarding graft at Ellis Island."There is graft there, he said,"but it is small and not widespread.The statements credited to me thatthis graft amounts to $500,000 areridiculous. I believe the employes asa whole are honest and true as steel."nation for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceR. C. RtFGGLES, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceCURTIS HENRY, of Paris, as a candidate for Counciman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, sub jec tto the action of the voters of theto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on Auugst 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. WILLIAMS, as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to the-9hTe standard tireiilikes nothing betterlis serviceman lo provelor Mayor of the City of Paris, Ken- action of the Democratic voters attucky. subject to the action of the fl nrimarv eieGtion on kuenst 6.1921.Democratic nrimary to be held nnSaturday, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Mayor of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters inthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announce D.C. PARFvISH as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Mayorf the City of Paris, Ky., subject totke primary election to be held onAugust 6, 1921.THEU. S. USCO TREADHere is the U. S. UscoTread, with a long-establishedstandard of serviceamong motorists who havean eye to value, as well asto price. While selling forless than the other tires in theU. S. Fabric line, the Uscohas earned a reputation forquality and dependable economy which is not exceededby any tire in its class.United States Tiresam Good TiresU. S. USCO TREADU. S. CHAIN TREADU. S. NOBBY TREADU. S. ROYAL CORDU. S. RED & GREY TUBESPEOPLE used to be secretly envious of theyoung fellow who cametearing up the street andstopped his car with a jerk-Now they are inclined tocriticise such abuse of tires.A mark of the growing consciousness about tirestheir service, their work,their value.This same respect for a goodtire is the reason why the foursquare tire dealer has passed upodds and ends, "job lots", "seconds", "cut prices" and comeout squarely with the standardquality service of U. S. Tires.He is getting abigger, and also better, tire business thanhe ever had before.He is dealing now jwith his own kind ,mtfWrM-fffi-W 2t i Vir ft1 jlifwrt--yfcfflf . 3MT1- Ml Isr&j-vr- yj" -of people. The substantial citizen. The man who knowsthat you can't get somethingfor nothing. The steady customer not the bargain hunter.To the man who has not yetlearned the standard tire service he is entitled to we sayGo to the dealer in U. S. Tiresand make him show you.Here is a man in close touchwith one of the 92 U.S. FactoryBranches a constant supply offresh, live U. S. Tires.The U. S. Tire you buy is a tirebuilt for curren t demands. Nooverproduction. No piling up ofstock. No loss of mileage byhanging around onthe dealer's racks.Every way youlook at it, apar quality tire at a netprice."Here ia a man in close touch vrith onsof the 92 V. S. Factory Branch"United States TinesUnited States 1 Rubber Company602 Tire & Vulcanizing Co.Paris, KentuckyMillersburg Hardware Co.Millersburg, Ky..W""; WVSTREAM GOES DRY; STOPS BAPTISM.FOR COUNCILMANWe are authorized to announceGEORGE D. SPEAKES, of Paris, asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, sub-'5ct to the action of the voters attke primary election, on August 6,1121.We are authorized to announceWAliiACE W. MITCHELL, of Paris,as a candidate for the Democraticnomination for Councilman from theTirat Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceDR. WM. KENNEY, of Paris, as acandidate for Councilman from theTint War of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters attke primary election, on August 6,Ut21." We are authorized to announceTKJLNK SKILLMAN, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomi-We are authorized to announceJAMES W. CONNELL, as a candididate for Councilman from the FirstWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceFRANK P. KISER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary elecion, on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceBERNARD J. SANTEN as a candidate for Councilman from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democraticvoters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic voters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJ. T. TUCKER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Third Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCLAUDE F. REDMON as a candidatefor Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6f1921.When Elder F. D. Wharton ledmore than 100 converts to the water,there was no water.That might have been the story.The drouth has forced the postponement of the immersion of morethan 100 persons who professedfafth in a revival at Sardis, Masoncounty.Plans were being made for openair baptism exercises when the extreme airdness reigning in the section, evaporated the stream in whichthe sins of the 100 were to havebeen cleansed.A few of the converts have beenbaptized in pools in churches in theneighborhood.Hall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condl4o& will notice that Catarrh bothersthem much more than when they are ingood health. This fact proves that whilevatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlynfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATAERH MEDICINE is aonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.BACK TO NORMALYou hear so much about the timewhen retail prices get back to normal. They are getting back asquickly as they can. You can expect prices in the stores to get backto normal when railroad rates are 2 ca mile; when a ticket to the moviescost a dime; when cooks work forthree bucks a week; when telephonescost $1 a month; when your gas foryour Ford sells for a dime; when frying size chickens sell for a quarter,when but what's the use of goingany further?ECZEMAMoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve andSoap),failinthftrMtmnt of Itch. Eczema.Ringwonn,Tetterorotheritchine skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VAEDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.JFouCONGRESSMAN PLEADS POR 2.75PER CENT BEERA plea for 2.75 per cent, barleybeer was made before the Joint Congressional Commission on Agricultureby R. A. Jones, representing Minnesota grain dealers, and CharlesKenny, representing a Minnesotafarmer elevators' association.Mr. Jones estimated that malt beerlegislation would mean an addition of$300,000,000 a year to Northwesternfarmers, and suggested a testingsquad under .the Department of Agriculture to establish that 2.75 beerwas non-intoxicating. Mr. Kenny,who comes from the district of Representative Volstead, author of theprohibition enforcement law, said hewanted barley, beer legalized, as itcould be demonstrated to be non-intoxicating.ir 1""rBiMaddell'si Pile RemedyDart Suffer Don't be OperatedMt watil yem hre tried Dr. Waddell'sPffoRanttfyi Absolutely luunnIM. Guarto fW abtolot aatuftcbon orrefolded. $1.50prbotW atyov'not write us.I KIMedicuieCoJilMnnnsuroveJiKiThousandsshow you the wayIncreasing numbers of peoplewho could" not or should notdrink coffee and who wereon the lookout for somethingto take its placQ have foundcomplete satisfaction inInstantFOSTUMPostum has a smooth, richflavor that meets every reQuirement of a meal-timebeverage, and it is free fromany harmful elementEconomical-Made Quicldj0 There's a ReasonWade By Potum Cereal Cenipany3InG.Baltic Creek, Michigan.vsBourbon News Advertisers Get Result,FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1921.ran bqpwpn .gJwPAm vjaMasyDRESSMAKERHADE WELLFollowed a Neighbor's Advicemad Took Lydia . Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundYernon, Tex. "For three years I-goffered untold agony each month withMMH pains in my sides. Ifound only temporaryrelief in doctor'smedicine or anythingelse I took until myhusband saw an advertisement ofLbydia is. nmcnamaVegetable Compound. I mentionedlit to a neighbor andshe told me she hadtaken it with goodI results and advisedme to try it. I was then in bed part ofthe time and my doctor said I wouldhave to be operated on, but we decidedto try the Vegetable Compound and Ialso used Lydia . Pinkham's SanativeWash. I am a dressmaker and am nowable to go about my work and d6 myhousework besides. You are welcometo use this letter as a testimonial as I amalways glad to speak a word for yourmedicine." Mrs. W. M.Stephens, 1103N. Commerce St., Vernon, Texas.- Dressmakers when overworked areprone to such ailments and should profitby Mrs. Stephen's experience.Write to Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo. (confidential), Lynn, Mass., aboutyour health. Your letter will be opened,read and answered by a woman andkeld in strict confidence.K X-XCw?Xy?KvXvXv,;v.JMsgLZ:A VISIT TO COLDSTREAM FfflM.By Edward OTallon, Jr.The anouncement of a special awine iayers Model, the greatest Duroc Boarsale at Coldstream Farm, set for the inth eworld, and Walts Great Top Col.16th day of August, reminded the a young boar, standing, as a seniorwriter of a visit he had been promis- yearling, 44 Inches high on a 10-inching himself to this beautiful Blue bone, with 83 inches, over Ms back,Grass home of the Duroc and the between Iiis eyes and the root of his tail,Holstein. end weighing close to 1,000 pounds,A magnificently located and improved not to mention several other sires oftract of -some 1,500 acres, Coldstreamstretches away along Newtown PikeFAILURETO VOTE NOT CANDIDACY BAB.Road three miles outside of Lexington. As one passes through, the imposing entrance, he reads: "VisitorsWelcome." As he departs foy, theflower-flanked drive, the words, "ComaAgain' bid him a cordial adieu.Coldstream was once home to .theimmortal Hanover and' other famousrace horses. Since the property waaacquired by Mr. C. B. Shaffer, its'fertile acres, for the most part, have beentransformed Into a veritable Eden for.the Duroc and t Holstein.Under the direction ofSuperintendent F. O. Bible, spacious,ultra-modern buildings and enclosuresfor stock, dairying and implements.extraordinary merit.Primarily, it is to he understood,Coldstream was not "acquired by Mr.Shaffer for the purposeof makingmoney. Bather, it is the instrumentby means of which he aims to servethe (fanner and! breeder" of "Kentuckyon the side of their swine and dairystock better hogs and milch, cowstfhroughout the State is the main object of those responsible for the workthat ds being accomplished on theplace today.As witness that, in view of present. conditions, the August sale, consideredBificuy ua us merits as a Dusmeasventure, undoubtedly will prove to beunprofitable to Coldstream. It cannotTonaATIoWir Tltt OTnootoi? nnil nTlflAftd'and dwellings for employes and Jheir ia ., , ..... . , .'. ... . .5 r .. . . , . 4t as not that the animals to be auc-Party workers sent last fall by thepatty organization to work electionftnir 1n TironiTinc an rpmnto frnm 1ioithomes that they had to leave before brick tliat Test on a concrete base offamilies, (twenty of the latter in all,)have sprung up. The former includethe enormous cow-foam which standsadjacent to Mr. Bible's office, Tonsof feed are stored in the loft of thisbuilding, and below are quarters for ahundred head of milch gtock; theirprogeny and the two noble heads ofthe herd, King Pontiac HengerveldPayne, and the promising three-year-oldsire, King Segis Kormlyke PontiacPetWithin these walls of buff-coloredthe polls opened and remain untilthey closed, are not barred from candidacy in the primary, in the opinion of Attorney General. Charles I.Dawson.Mr. Dawson said:"I am holding that in such casesthe facts furnished a reasonable ex-cuse for not voting. I would con- Jsider it absurd to say that a man, I-who had qualified himself as a voter jbut was prevented from casting hisvote by his zeal in support of theparty ticket, did not support it. Idon't know how he could better support the ticket than by getting outearly election morning and working,all ay for it."gray, effectively relieved by red terracotta gables, also may be seen, luxuriating in her special box stall, RoloMercena De Kol, holder of the world'srecords, among which is that of beingthe first and only cow in the worldto produce 200 pounds of butter inthirty days.Impressed as he was by these features and the magnificence of theproperty as a whole, the writer, how-tioned will ibring prices nearly approximating their true value. The object of this sale is, therefore, right inline with the main purpose of thfarm as stated, above.The actual and material gainers willbe the farmers and breeders who attend and purchase stock. The salewill be for Kentucklans exclusively; itremains for Kentucklans to make themost of it.Probably the auctioneer will offer nosingle animal from the choice lot ofpure breds to be sold that weighs lessthan 500 pounds; and all the sowshave been bred for early Septemberfarrowing most of them to WaltCGreat Top Colonel.Moreover, we are permitted' to saythat terms will he arranged where purchasers who can funish satisfactorybank references so desire.To those who love fine livestock andan admirable habitation for them, theSome people are like a motor fire-engine charging through crowded!streets, taking a chance of killing' In Brittany, widows' caps amongsomeone in order to save half a min-, the peasantry are always yellow in-utee in getting to some false alarm, i color.ever, traveling about the place by auto writer, in conclusion, suggests a visitmobile on its twelve miles of private to Coldstream Farm. His best worddriveways, with his mind on the im- to the farmer and breeder of Kentuckyportance of the coming swdne sale, is: Remember the date of the swinenaturally was most interested in the sale August 16th and by all meansmassive sons and daughters of Tax- arrange to attend it.Some of the copper coins used bythe ancients were as large as dinnerplates.New Priceson Titan andInternational TractorsNow Lowest Ever QuotedEFFECTIVE immediately, we make another bigreduction in the prices of Titan and International tractors. These reductions wipe out all formeradvances and place Titan and Internationaltractors at the lowest prices at which they haveever been sold.International 8-16$900This price is about one-fourth lessthan the price at which the 8-16 soldprior to March of this year. The new-figure is the lowest at which it was eversold. Thenew priceincludes all the necessary equipment platform, fenders,governor, belt pulley features whichmust be paid for extra on some tractors.Titan 10-20$900This is the lowest price ever quotedon the Titan, considering the equipment now included (formerly soldextra). Up to March of this year theprice was $1,200 today it is $900!At this figure the Titan 3-plowtractor is the best value in the farmpower field.The International 1,5-30 has been reduced to $1,750 lower than it hasever been before. The man who needs a 4-plow tractor cannot find a betterinvestment than the 1 5-30 at this price. (All prices f. o. b. Chicago.)Considering quality, power, equipment, and the service which follows everymachine, Titan and International tractors at these new low prices areunquestionably the best buy in the tractor market.As these prices have been made regardless of manufacturing costs, we donot guarantee to maintain them.These prices certainly justify the immediate purchase of a tractor. Put it atthe horse-killing work of hot weather plowing, and your fall and winter belt work.See our tractor dealer for full information on deliveries and terms.International Harvester CompanyOF AMERICACHICAGO(INCORPORATED)92 Branch House and 15,000 Dealers in the United StateUSI?.Buy' j-MV-,:, .J 'l.VVf ftine'e 'Albert Is! meld in toppy red; hags, tidy red tins,handsome pennemmd half poind tinthumidors mndinthmpeund crystal glass(humidor withi sponge meietenertop.MBjOSfiEOujEEsiSHJSa pipeand some P. AGet the joy that's due you!We print it right here that if you don't know the'feel" and the friendship of a joy'us jimmy pipeGO GET ONE ! And get some Prince Albert andbang a howdy-do on the big smoke-gong!For, Prince Albert's quality flavor coolness-fragrance is in a class of its own ! You never tastedisuch tobacco! Why figure out what it alone meansto your tongue and temper when we tell you thatPrince Albert can't bite, can't parch! Our exclusive!patented process fixes that!Prince Albert is arevelation in a makin's cigarette!My, but how that delightful flavor makes a dentfAnd, how it does answer that hankering! Prince!Albert rolls easy and stays put because it is crimpedcut And, say oh, go on and get the papers or a pigef'Do it rigfet nowlCopyright 1921by R. J. ReynoldTobacco Co., .Winston-Salem,N.C.prince Albertthe national joy smokeALL NEWSPAPERS HAVE THEIRTROUBLES ,91The Somerset Commonwealth saysof a condition that has been experienced many times by THE NEWS:On account of being crowded thisissue some news reports from overthe county and some advertising hadto be omitted this issue. It is withregret that all news and advertisingsubmitted cannot be used this issue,but first in must be first served. Weexpect the columns of The Commonwealth will be pretty well crowdedfor the next few weeks and anyonedesiring advertising space will pleasesubmit copy early. News reporterswill please send in reports early andconfine their items to current newsfor the next few weeks.sOTHlsASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineTHE UXLVKRSLCXRFord Plant Built 108,962 CarsIn June4,360 Cars a Day for 25 Days. 545 Carsan hour. In Other Words a Ford Car orTruck is Assembled Every 6 Seconds.How Is This For Production?And yet they cannot meet the demand. This is aa day of economy, and every man is trying to make hisdollars go as far as possible to get the best results.Your dollars will go farther toward buying a FordCar or Truck than any other car on the market today.If you need a Car or Truck, come in and let ustalk it over.Beware! Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tablet youare not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for twenty-oneyears and proved safe by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv). -GDreaming of Putty.To dream of putty Is a sign of poverty; -puttying up holes foretells lossesthe larger the hole the more extensive the loss. If you are putting glassInto a window with putty It foretellsthat you will soon move Into a meaner place than you now occupy.RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYJoin the Bourbon Boosters TripJuly 19th!K!IK;' vKBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4if B I I I l i v f i V I IGrain fed builds only part ofthe chick, wh Ich makes scrawny,sickly.bad-feathered poultry laterSIMCO OATMEAL BUTTER-MILK CHICK MASH supplies nourishment not found in grain, such asbuttermilk, sweet wholesome meat,pulverized peanut kernels and a largevariety of other ingredients, all for a purpose in making plump, full-breasted, full-feathered, strong, healthy poultry, in condition to ward off fataf diseases. It costsless to use Simco. You raise more ana Better chicks. Save a month in developing.IF YOUR NEAREST DEALER DOES NOTHAVE SIMCO, refuse a eubstitute and write usand we will supply you freight paid to your station.Address THE SIMMONS MILLING CO.,Simco Bldg.,1 to 15 W. Water St.,Cfnclnnatl.O.Write for free booklet "About Feeding"Ktf2pl?tWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.'(apr29-13tF)The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyxiXixsraiPatronized Bourbon News Advertisers.'itia-.uTTnr vi'iv JJH1 BOUKBON) NIWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAG BGMTFRIDAY, JULY 1, !..iK -.MILLERSBURGrMiss Edith JWood is visiting relatives in Louisville.Born To the vife of ThomasStone, of this vicinity, a daughter.Miss Hazel Kerr is visiting hersister. Miss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville.Mrs. Jessie Hurst, of Baltimore,Md., is visiting E. R. Hurst and fam-Mrs. T. D. Judy has returnedxToni a visit with jelatives in Lexington. Mrs. David Cassidy has returnedfrom a visit with friends in Mt.Sterling.Mr. Edward Hurst, of the U. S.STavy, is visiting his sister, Mrs. Jno.WrightMiss Elizabeth Collier is critically ill at the home of her sister,Mrs. N. F. Collier.Mr. Bichard Huffman was theguest of Mr. Ollie Hurst, of Lexington, the past week. )Mr Moffett and family, of .Lexington, are visiting his brother, AT. Moffett, and family.Mrs. Chas. Carrington, of Ravenna, is visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel.Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington, is visiting her sisters, MissesMattie and Sallie Mclntyre.Mr. and Mrs. Julian Allen haveie turned from a ten-days' visit withthe latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Guy Briggs, of Frankfort.Mrs. E. P. Woods, of Stanford,ahs returnee1 home after a visit withlier daughter, Mrs. S. M. Allen.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Allen andMrs. Owen Ingels visited Mrs. BryanMcMurtry, of Cynthiana, Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. J. Smith Clarke,,of Campbellsville, are visiting Mrs.Sarah Thome and Mrs. ElizabethClarke.Miss Ethel Fisher, of New YorkCityr is visiting her parents, Dr. andMrs. C. C. Fisher, at the MillersburgCollege.Mrs. Emmett Mastm and children returned to her home in Lexington-,Thursday, after a visit with relatives here.Miss Mattie Powers has returnedxo her home in Colorado Springs,Colo, after a two-weeks' visit 10friends and relatives in this place.The marriage of Jewell Smith,formerly of Millersburg, and MissAgnes Hamilton, of St. Joseph, Mo.,has been announced. Mr. Smith wasfor many years a resident of Bourbon county, and is a son of Mrs.Thomas Smith, of Lexington.A memorial service will be heldSunday evening in the Methodistchurch in honor of Mrs. Carlton Ball,whose death in St. Louis, recentlycast a gloom over the community.This service will take the place ofthe union pei vices scheduled for thatnight.We were certainly glad to welcome the Bourbon Boosters Tuesdaymorning.Come back, we will always give yoathe glad hand,And enjoy the music by your homeband.Accept your souvenirs and to youraddresses give ear,And always come to Paris when wecan't find what we want here.HOME-BARN-GARAGEIf your home, barn or garageneeds a new roof, or if you are goingto build, call Homer Rankin, Paris,Xy., Cumb. Phone 899. He is offering a special discount for a a sampleroof in or near Millersburg. Youwill notice large display ad. of theBIRDS ROOFS, Shingle Design,elsewhere in this paper. (22-3t). o-: VOTE FOR JO. B. SMITH ,A VOTE FOE JO. B. SMITH POETAX COMMISSIONER IS A Y-OTEPOE ERNX COLLETS AS DEPUTY.j Tuesday afternoon. Wes all greatlyj enjoyed the fine music rendered byI the Paris band, and the solo by Mr.Percy Reid, and the short talks by.Paris merchants. The visit will do a,great, deal toward turning back toParis the trade that has been goingto Lexington merchants for manyyears. Come again, Boosters.M. PEALE COLLIERXPOE SHERIFF OF BOURBON CO.I HAVE NOT MADE, NOR WILLI MAKE ANY PLEDGES WHICHWILL HINDER ME IN THE FAITHFUL DISCHARGE OP THE DUTIESOF THE OFFICE.BOBGILKEY, DOUG THOMAS,DEPUTIES.oVOTE FOR A WINNERVOTE FOR JOHN J. REDMONFOR TAX COMMISSIONER. ( (19-5MDEATHS.CHISMMrs. Annie Chism, aged awentyfive, wife of Albert Chism, diedTuesday morning at her home inWinchester, after an illness of several days from typhoid fever. Mrs.Chism was one of Clark county's mostbeloved young women, who had alarge circle of friends and relatives.She had frequently visited at thehomes of relatives and friends inthis city.Mrs. Chism was before her marriage Miss Harris, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Albert Harris, of nearNorth Middletown. Beesides herhusband she is survived by her parents, three brothers, Butler, Ceciland John Harris, all of Bourboncounty, and four sisters, Misses Rosalie, Pattie Lee and Annie Harris, ofnear North Midddletown, and Mra.Oliphant Rupard, of Clark county.The funeral was held Wednesdaymorning at eleven o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theLog Lick Cemeterey, in Clark county,by Rey. J. H. Matherley.oFOR MAYOR.JOHN MERRINGERXVOTE FOR HIM AND HELP TOMAKE PARIS A CLEAN, PROGRESSIVE AND PEOSPEEOUS CITY.oFOE SHEEIFPVOTE FOE E. ED. BEDFOED FOESHEEIFE.VOTE FOE BEN WOODFOEDFOE TAX COMMISSIONEEIT HAS BEEN IMPOSSIBLE FOEME TO SEE EACH VOTER, PERSONALLY, SO I AM TAKING THISMETHOD OF LETTING YOU KNOWI AM IN THE EACE TO WIN, ANDYOUE VOTE WILL BE HIGHLY AP-PEECIATED.VOTE FOE BEN WOODFOEDFOE TAX COMMISSIONEE ANDMES, WALTEE CLAEK, DEPUTY.MES. WALTEE CLAEK.(td)NOTES OF THE LODGESAt the regular meeting of the Pythian Sisters, auxiliary of the Knightsof Pythias, held in the K. of P. lodgeloom last night, several candidateswere given the initiatory degree.HUTCHISON ITEMS.Mrs. Clarence McCauley has returned from a visit to friends inMidway.Clarence Osborne has returned tohis home in Winchester after "a visitof several weeks to friends in thisvicinity.Mr. and Mrs. John Humphriesand family, of near this place, are visiting friends and relatives near Upper Blue Licks.Miss Marietta Bell has returnedfrom Louisville, where she has beenattending the sessions of the Teachers' Summer School.Mrs. Daniel Hall, of this vicinity, who has been a patient for sometime in a Lexington hospital, has returned to her home.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Smith andfamily and Miss Elsie Smith havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Phil Hubbard, in Lexington.The game between the Hutchisonand Muir baseball teams last Sundayafternoon resulted in a victory forHutchison by a score of 8 to 7.Mrs. Thomas Vickers, of this vicinity, is a patient in a Lexingtonhospital, where she recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.She was reported yesterday as doingvery nicely.Mrs. Fannie Harris Chism diedat her home after a lingering illnessof typhoid fever. She was the eldestduaghter of Mr. and Mrs. ArthurHarris, of near Hutchison. She was afine woman, beloved by all who knewher. Besides her husband, she issurvived by her parents, four sistersand three brothers, all of whom havethe sincere sympathy of the community. '...HOME-BARN-GARAGEIf your home, barn or garageneeds a new roof, or if you are goingto build, call Homer Rankin, Paris,Ky., Cumb. Phone 899. He is offering a special discount for a sampleroof in or near Hutchison. You will, notice large display ad. of the BIRDSROOFS, Shingle Design, elsewhere inthis paper. (22-3t)Hutchison people turned out inforce to greet and welcome the BourV Boosters on their arrival hereOfficers for Rathbone Lodge No. 12,K. of P. elected some weeks ago, wereinstalled at the regular meeting heldlast night, the installation work being conferred by District Deputy D.Y. L. Farley.A called convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, was held in the MasonicTemple, last night, with work in theMark Master, Past Master and MostExcellent Master degrees. A numberof visitors witnessed the work. Theconvocation was called by High PriestM. E. McCurdy.FOE SHEEIFPE. ED BEDFOED0A VOTE FOE E. ED. BEDFOEDFOE SHEEIFP IS A VOTE FOEFEED LINK AND D. E. CLAEK.STATE PAIR CATALOGUE EEADYFOE DISTEIBUTIONH. S. Caywood, North Middletown.James S. Boyd, Shelbyville, and C. C.Harris, Lexington, will be judges inthe championship division ofthe $10,000 saddle horse stake of the Kentucky State Fair, September 12 to17, it is announced in the fair association's catalogue, 20,000 copies ofwhich have been printed and noware ready for distribution.The $10,000 saddle horse stake,universally regarded, it is said, as theworld's greatest saddle horse event,will be staged in four divisions thestallion division, September 12; themare division, September 13; thegelding division, September 14, andthe championship division on theclosing night of the fair, September 17.AlsM01AND12:00 to 5:30f OPERA HOUSEl I I7:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAY1mkjs Louise Glaum -six'This is a picture written by the gifted C. Gardner Sullivan and ofthe 'abundance of stories which he has sponsered "Sex" may be said tooutclass them all in its dramatic elements and the strength of itsmoral. The author has looked at life and painted it truthfully.He has used the eternal triangle in a new way, bringing out inthe telling not only an absorbing drama but a sound moral. Undoubtedly the offering is the best thing that the star has ever had and sherises to the occasion by giving a portrayal marked for its emotionaldepth.IN ADDITIONChas. Hutchison in ''Double Adventure'And Eddie Boland Comedy, "A Straight Crook"TOMORROW, SATURDAYDorothy GishIN"The Ghost in the Garret"An uproarious seance of spooks and crooks and the spiritsof love and fun: Shivering with thrills. Shrieking withlaughter.Also Capitol Comedy "Home Brewed Youth"MONDAY AND TUESDAYJULY 25th AND 26thINWallace Reid "What's Your Hurry?"With Lovely Lois WilsonAnother aizzling auto thriller! By the author of WallaceReid's biggest hits, "The Roaring Road" and Excuse MyDust."A romance of love, business and whizzing racers. Jrid oflumbering motor trucks that helped make a speed demonhuman.See the hair raising motor race that opened the new LosAngeles Speedway.See the battle of men with a raging storm to save a sleepingvaliey from death!See the breaking of the great Cabrillo dam!Then see the unforgettable climax, that called for a MANand found him on the job!A picture that fairly bursts with power and excitement!ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cMATRIMONIAL.BIRTHS.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Tuesday toSterling Smart, twenty-two, and MissGladys Sosby, sixteen, both of Paris.FARROW HUNTERMiss Lucy Farrow, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. T-homas Farrow, ofParis, and J. Harvey Hunter, L. & N.engineer, with headquarters in thiscity, were married at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.Mr. and Mrs. Hunter will reside inthis city.DAWN ROBINSON.Clifford Robinson, premier jockeyfor the Xalapa Farm stables of Edward F. Simms, near Paris, was married in New York recently to MissLillian Davidson, of Cincinnati,known on the stage as Lillian Dawn,actress, playing last season in theBroadway revue, "Snapshots cf1921.", They spent part of theirhoneymoon in visiting the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. U. S. Davidson, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Shirley Dalzell, residing on the Ruddles Mills road,near Paris, are receiving congratulations on the arrival of a handsomeda'ughter to gladden their home. Mrs.Dalzell was formerly Miss Mary Elizabeth Tarr, daughter of Mr. andMrs. J. Bennett Tarr, of Paris.SHEEP KILLED BY DOGSSeventeen sheep were killed andothers badly, mangled by dogs on thefarm of Orie Lebus & Son, near thecounty line, recently. Lebus & Soncertified their loss as being about$140. Sheep-killing dogs have beenreported as foraging in other parts cfthe county recently.pFOR SHERIFFFOR SHERIFFR. ED. BEDFORD xA VOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORDFOR SHERIFF IS A VOTE FORFRED LINK AND D. E. CLARK.VOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORD FORSHERIFF. ' yoTTATT, STORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.FORMER BOURBONTTE CANDIDATE FOR LEGISLATURET. Porter Smith, formerly of Pari3,is making an active canvass in Scottcounty for Representative. He hasbeen all through the county meetingand greeting the voters and, beinga splendid mixer, has no doubt madea good impression. Mr. Smith hasannounced a speaking program covering the entire period up to the eveof the primary election.VOTE FOR JO. B. SMITHA VOTE FOR JO. B. SMITH FORTAX COMMISSIONER IS A VOTEFOR FRANK COLLINS, AS DEPUTY,(tf)VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.HAMILTON SMITHThe marriage of Jewell Smith,formerly of Millersburg, and MissAgnes Hamilton, of St. Joseph, Mo.,has been announced, the wedding taking place recently at the home of thebride in St. Joseph". Mr. and Mrs.Smith are for the present located inEast St. Louis, 111., where Mr. Smithis engaged in business. Mr. Smith,who is a son of Mrs. Thomas Smith,of Lexington, was for many yearsengaged in business in Millersburg., oFOR SHERIFFM. PEALE COLLIERX-o-WINDSTORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR BUILDINGSAGAINST DAMAGE BY WIND ASWELL AS FIRE, WITH(l-tf) YERKES & PEED.oFOR SHERIFFVOTE FOR R. ED. BEDFORD FORSHERIFF.oFire, Wild and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD k BRYANI HAVE NEVER BEFORE ASKEDTHE VOTERS OF MY COUNTY FOROFFICE, AND IF ELECTED, THELAW LIMITS MY TERM OF OFFICETO FOUR YEARS.BOB GLLKEY, DOUG THOMAS,DEPUTIES.oY. M. C. A. NOTESSwimming continues to grow ininterest at the Y. M. C. A., a largernumber of business and professionalmen enjoying the sport than ever before. A number of these men aretaking swimming lessons this seasonfor the first time. A number of enthusiasts are also coming in from theconuty for the sport. Physical director Sheffield is planning to conductlife saving contests, and to give theRed Cross or Standard awards to theyoung Men's class later in the season.Secretary Harrison will give theBoys' Scout swimming tests beginning next week.The boys' band has discontinuedpractice until the first Wednesday inSeptember. At that time tryouts willbe given any new boys who may wantto join the band. iThe tennis court is more largelyattended this season than ever before.The Bourbon county boys at thecamps conducted by the State Y. M.C. A. are having a big time this year.Secretary Harrison is busy working up a delegation to the ChristianWorkers' Conference at Camp DanielBoone, August 17-24. Dr. F. A.Agar, the noted church efficiency expert of New York will be one of themain attractions at this conference.The State Christian EndeavorCamp will also be held at CampDaniel -Boone at the same time, combining programs in part with theChristian Workers' Conference. Mr.D. Y. L. Farley, of Paris, is workingup the Christian Endeavor Camp.Reduced railroad rates on the certificate plan are granted by the railroadthis year. The Camp will probablybe filled to capacity during " thiscamp. -VTomorrow, Saturday, the Banner Day of OurramClosing out entire stock at price smashing reductions. SHOES, OXFORDS,STRAP SLIPPERS, WHITE FOOTWEAR everything now included. Come today buy your shoes at a tremedous saving.Ladies White Footwear at Cut Prices$2.50 White English Oxfords and StrapsReduced to $1.85Ladies' White Sport Lace Oxfords, blacktrimmed.Reduced to $2.49Ladies' Kid Oxfords, values to $6.00.Reduced to $1.00Ladies' Tan English LaGe Oxfords, valuesto $5.00.Reduced to $2.95$2.50 Canvas Strap Slippers, high andlow heels.Reduced to $1.49Half Price Sale of Ladies' High Grade Slippers, $8.00 grades,Reduced to $3.95Men's Shoes, $6.00 Grades Tan and GunMetal English and Blucher.Reduced to $3.95Men's $6.00 and $6.50 Grades Tan and BlackShoes and Oxfords.- Reduced to $3.99iSMen's $8,50 Grades High Grade Shoes and Oxfords, Tanand Black Vici Kid and Calf, Reduced to $4.95Men's Genuine Elk Outing Shoes.Reduced to $1.99Boys' and Youths' Elk Outing, values to 13.Reduced to $1.69Ladies' Soft Kid Boudoir Slippers Now $1 .OOMisses' and Children's Slippers, $2.00 WhiteCanvas, all sizes.Reduced to $1.49Misses' and Children's $3.00 Patent Slippers,all sizes..!Reduced to $1.99-ar'See Bargain Tables. All Small Lots and Broken Sizes OnSale at a Fraction of Their Former Prices. ZZZZZZiXmZSmN COHENDAParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignfcM-v ffV