vft 'A1 sI44 '. v -" -ti r i & v?J?,'MI ,"r r -t i ' ri - mmim"VP-iNEWSk7PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1921.4.THEB-lv-H "" MF iifK IK; -"B.Bf h 1 EiB-TB!t L.DUUKBUNrm.CHAUTAUQUA Df PEOGEESSThe third day of the Chautauquafound the attendance and interest inthe splendid program undiminished.The .big tent on the hillside has beencrowded with an assembly eager tohear and see the good things presented on the program.The engagement opened Friday afternoon with the introductory exercises; grand concert by the OceanicConcert Company; and at night concert by the Oceanic Concert Company and a splendid lecture, "America Looking Forward," by Montraville Flowers. On Saturday the following program was presented:Morning, Children's Hour; afternoon,grand concert by the Chapel Singers;night by the Chapel Singers, lecture"Personal Experiences "With The Bdlsheviki, in Russia." by Lewis A. Convis. Monday's program was as follows: Morning, Children's Hour; afternoon, Artists' Night, Harry Yeazelle Mercer, tenor, Harold Ayres, violin; Katherine Ridgeway, in Interpretative Recital. To-day's programwill be as follows: Morning, Children's Hour; afternoon, Prelude, (tobe announced) ; Lecture, "Crime, ItsCause, Practice and Prevention,"Harry J. Loose; night, Ben GreetPlayers, in Shakespeare's great comedy, "As You Like It."GAME WARDENS ARREST LAWVIOLATORSBourbon county game and fishwardens are strictly on the job, dayand night, as a number of law violators have found to their sorrow recently. In the past few days five arrestshave been made by the wardens, PeckFisher and Harold Shively, both ofParis, and A. C. Arnold, Clay Currentand John Arnold, of Montgomerycounty, being taken in the toils. Themen were caught in the act of unlawfully seining Stoner creek, andwere placed under arrest. Fisherand Shively were given a hearing inthe County Court before Judge Geo.Batter ton, and each fined $28.50.The wardens, with the earnest cooperation and assistance of the lawabiding citizens of the city and county and the game and fish organizations, are making a determined effortto break up illegal fishing and seining in the streams of the county, andtheir efforts will have the sanctionof all good sportsmen who believe inobeying the laws.oNOTICE TO TAXPAYERS LISTYOUR PROPERTY NOWWE ARE NOW READY TO TAKEYOUR TAX LIST AT OUT OFFICEDtTHE COURT HOUSE. BOK'T"ITrbFFTHIS HCPORTANT MATTER. COME IN TO-DAY. A PENALTY WILL BE ATTACHEDXATER.MRS. WALTER CLARK,TAX COMMISSIONER,(12-tf) John J. Redmon, Deputy. J3!FRANK&CO. !LADIES' OUTFITTERS tBig Reductionson allSummerMerchandiseSuitsi Dresses , .SkirtsWaists"SHOP AT HOME"I FRANK & CO.I LADIES' OUTFITTERSM IIIIIIMIIII IMIMMIMIIIfBASE BALL NOTESThe Paris Ruggles team met defeatin the game at Winchester, Saturday afternoon with the WinchesterHustlers, the latter team taking thebig end of a 12 to 2 score. Nichols,the Paris twirlef, was batted hard.The Hustlers put up a stiff game.Paris could not overcome the longlead of their opponents.The Paris team was accompaniedby a large crowd of "fans" who rooted long and loud for the success ofthe home team, but returned discomforted and without a surcease ofsorrow.In a one-sided game at the Secondstreet park Sunday afternoon, theParis Ruggles team defeated theUnited Clothing Co. team from Lexington in hollow style, by a score of17 to 2. The game was featured bythe fielding of Nippert, Gbdman andBurnett, the pitching of Camparoni,and the batting of Nippert and Burnett. The batteries were: For Paris,Camparoni, Brewsaugh and Mann;for the United Clothing Co. team,Sower, Burton and Cassidy. The attendance was about 1,000. The score:U. C. Co... 000 010 010 2 7 14Paris 001 035 35x 17 18 4The Lexington Reo ball club isplanning a tour through CentralKentucky towns beginning Monday,July 28. Letters have been sent toParis, Nicholasville, Harrodsburg,Frankfort, Richmond, Cynthiana andWinchester teams, asking for games.The trip has been planned as a baseball boosting cursade to awaken interest in the National game.Sunday's Lexington Herald says:"It now appears practically certainthat a Kentucky semi-pro baseballchampionship series will be played offthis summer, starting probably aboutthe first Sunday in August. Teamsof Lexington, Covington, Newport,Belleview and Ludlow have alreadysignified their intentions of takingpart in the series, while Cynthiana,Winchester, Maysville, Paris, SilverGrove, Falmouth and other towns areconsidered as likely members of theimpromptu organization."It is thought that the series willbe played out among about eightclubs, and the first games will beplayed about the first Sunday in nextmonth."VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.oNEW AUTO OWNERSThe C. S. Ball Garage, of Paris,reports the sale and delivery of newBuick cars to the following Parispeople: Archie Gumm, roadster;Miss Catherine Murphy, five-passengercar; Lew Taylor, five-passengercar; William Taylor, roadster.o-IMPORTANT NOTICE TO CANDIDATES There will be a public drawing forposition of candidates on the primaryballot held at the office of the CountyClerk at 2:00 o'clock p. m to-day(Tuesday)' July 12th.GEORGE McCANDLESS SUICIDESBY SHOTGUH ROUTEWith the entire tnn nf his slnillblown away, and the rugs, walls andJuuusr pans or the room spatteredwith his lifeblood and brains, tiedead body of George McCandless,aged fifty, well-known Paris meatcutter, was found in an upstairsroom at the home of Ben Lewis, onSouth Second street, Saturday morning. By his side lay a single-barrelledshotgun, with which he hadended his life.McCandless had been in a despond-;cut uiuuu lor several days, and naatold several parties in his room thaihe did not care whether he livedmuch longer or not. It was stated onthe authority of one who knew himwell that he bad become involved infinancial difficulties and seeing noway out of the maze, resolved to endhis life.Early Saturday morning McCandless went to the home of Ben Lewis,on Second street. Meeting Lewis aridsome of the family some distancefrom the house he asked permissionto go in and lie down, as his headhurt, and he wanted .cuiiet. Lew$sent him to the house. In a shorttome after McCandless had enteredthe home the members of the familyheard the muffled report of a gun,which seemed to come from the roomwhere McCandless had gone. Hastening there they found McCandless'body on the floor, with his skullblown away, and the smoking gunby his side. There was no one in thehouse at the time, the closest ones being Lewis and his family, who weresome distance away. Coroner Rudolph Davis was summoned, and after conducting an investigation of thepremises, had the body removed tothe Davis undertaking establishment,where it was prepared for burial.Coroner Davis impaneled a juryand held an inquest at the courthouse yesterday morning, conductinga rigid examination into the affair,owing to many rumors that had gotten into circulation regarding thepossibility of foul play. The jury,composed of H. M. Collins, foreman,Frank P. Lowry, Harry Ogle, John H.Doty, D. C. Parrish and Frank Clay,returned the following verdict: 'We,the jury, find that George McCandless came to his death from a shotgun wound, inflicted by himself onJuly 9, 1921."McCandless had no immediate relative in this vicinity, save an aunt.aunt, Mrs. Frank Farmer, and a second cousin, Mrs. L. T. Bramblette,both of Paris, and an uncle, Wm.Cameron, of near Shawhan. xMcCandless was a native of Petersburg, Lincoln county, and had beena resident of Paris for many year:He was a meat cutter by occupation,and had been in the employ of Baldwin Bros, for the past five years. Hewas a son of Robert and Millie Cameron McCandless, both of whom preceded him to the grave some yearsago. He was unmarried, and was amember of the Knights of Pythiasand Junior Order of United AmericanMechanics of this city.The funeral was held at 4:30o'clock yesterday afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The commital services at the graveside were in charge of Bourbon Council Junior Order United AmericanMechanics.BOURBON ORCHESTRA MAZESGOOD.The Bourbon Orchestra, composedof six talented young Paris musicians, closed a week's engagement atthe Grand Opera House Saturdaynight, much to the regret of the patrons, who voted them as in every respect worthy successors to the GreggOrchestra. The boys rendered excellent musical programs at each performance, delighting the audience bythe excellence of their selections.This orchestra is composed of Parisboys, who have made a careful andthorough study of music. That theyhave succeeded is evidenced by theapplause which they received at eachperformance during the recent engagement. o .TOBACCO HAIL INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AGTS.EIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG.,J.LLJREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe real estate firm of Harris"Speakes & Harris, sold at public auction Saturday morning for R. C. Talbott, administrator of the estate ufthe late Mrs. Willcona Campbeli, atwo-story double" frame house onSouth Main street, to Mitchell B.Jackson, for $6,770. The same firmoffered the two-story brick residenceon the corner of Ninth and Highstreets, which was a part of the estate, but it was withdrawn at $8,500.T. E. Waterfill, of the Paris Milling Co., purchased of James Daugherty a vacant lot on Fithian avenue,in White Addition to Paris. Mr.Waterfill has already broken groundfor the erection of a modern framebungalow, which he expects to occupy as soon as completed.GOES TO PRINTERS' HOME.Harry Fitch, for eleven years alinotype operator in Lexington printing ofiices, and well-known to thenewspaper fraternity in Paris, hasgone to Colorado Springs, Colorado,where 'he will undergo treatment fortuberculosis at the Union Printers'Home. Mr. Fitch is a .native ofFleming county. He has many friendshere who hope he may soon be re-ww w iwui. ,yTHE BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held their52 ar shoot last Friday afternoonwith a good crowd in attendance.iuS? WLe two troPhies for thisS?Jn The first one' a manc-ganrand silver smoking stand set, donatedw V 'Siniers & Co Jelers, waswon by W. S. Haggard, and the secona. one him ?,? ...j -j. , -uuuicu yuiuias oi sugar,donated by Clayton & Turner, gro-, waa won Dy a. b. Perkins.Next Friday, July 15, the club wiJlqa? an all"day shoot starting aty : oo a. m. This shoot is being givenio the club members and all "visitingshooters from other towns as a practice day before the State shoot atLouisville, on July 20, 21 and 22. Areal treat is in store for all shooters"who attend this shoot, as the clubmembers are going to set an oldfashioned Bourbon county picnic dinner, which will be free to all shooters. Scores:, , Shot at BrokeFred Burgin loo 90W. Buckner 100 63A. Buckner 75 63Amos Turney 75 67W. S. Haggard 75 67A. B. Plummer 75. 65Sam Clay 75 64J. M. Cladwell 75 64.. a. ericins 75 59H. C. Ruggles 75 59Dr. W. N. Offutt 75 58C. Buckner 75 55(11 years old, 12 gauge)W. W. Offutt 75 52E. A Brophy 75. 49Dr. R. R. McMillan 50 45John Shropshire 50 44'C. Woodford 50 42C. K. Thomas 50 11W. K. Ferguson 50 41Jeff Elgin 50 36J. Woodford, Jr. .'. 50 35Roxie Davis 50 33Dr. Wm. Kenney 50 30C. T. Hinkle 50 25C. Schram 50 25-G-. D. Franz 50 25C. C. Mitchell 50 12(11 years old, 28 gauge)J. E. Wilson 25 20Joe Davis, Jr., 25 15H. M. Roseberry 25 15J. B. Smith 25 15Visitors.oOTIS SKINNER APPEARS IN FAMOUS "KISMET" ROLEIn all the length and breadth offiction there is no more picturesquea character than Hajj, the beggar ofBagdad. Edward Knoblock, the playwright, made Hajj famous in thestage version of "Kismet," and Oti3Planner, perhaps the best known andiibst popular actor in the country,immortalized Hajj during the yearshe gave life to this characterizationon the stage.The Robertson-Cole Company hasfilmed the famous play, which will berun for two days at the Alamo andParis Grand, to-day and to-morrow,and thousands of people in this cityare going to have an opportunity ofseeing Hajj, the beggar portrayed Dyno less a person than Otis Skinnerhimself. It is a safe prediction thatthe swaggering, crafty, adventureloving and amusing old Bagdad vagabond will win every one's heart andin the years to come when old playsare discussed, his memory will begreen.oWINDSTORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR BUILDINGSAGAINST DAMAGE BY WIND ASWELL AS EIRE, WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.ALLEGED BOOTLEGGER ARRESTED. In a raid conducted by Sheriff WillG. McClintk and Patrolman Geo.W. Judy, Sunday morning, at thehome of "Scuffle" Clark, colored, onHigh street, two gallons of moonshine whisky was discovered and confiscated. Clark was placed under arrest and taken to jail, on a chargeof bootlegging.Clark had been under suspicion forsome time and finding Sunday a propitious day to spring the trap theofficers descended on his domicile. Hewill be given a hearing on the chargein the county court this morning.Clark was given a hearing beforeCounty Judge George Batterton inthe County Court yesterday afternoon on the charge of having liquorunlawfully in his possession and was3ield in $500 bond to appear beforethe grand jury at the next term ofBourbon Circuit Court.LODGE NOTESThirty-four members of the Carlisle Masonic lodge went to Kirksville, Ky., where they conferred theMaster's Degree on Rev, Frank M.Tinder, Jr., formerly of North Middletown, who is pastor of the Christian church at Kirksville. Manylodges throughout Central Kentuckywere represented, and a basket dinner was served the visitors by theladies of the Kirksville church.At the last meeting of BourbonCouncil Junior Order United American Mechanics, the following officers were elected to serve during theensuing term:Past Councillor R. C. Foster.Councillor Ora Honican.yice-Councillor Thos. Harp.Recording Secretary ClarenceRobinson.Treasurer A. R. Dennison.Conductor G. M. Turner.Warden OUie Patterson.Inside Sentinel C. E. Newman.Outside Sentinel Mora Honican.Chaplain Jesse W. Case.Trustees Ii. D Honican, R. C.Foeter and Morn Honican. ,FASHIONABLE WEDDINGTakes Place at "Mooreland," WheMiss Moore 'Becomes the Wifeof Dr. Goddard.titute condition on West Seventh(Harrodsburg Democrat) j str,eret in this city-Last Thursday eveniag at 8-3oLTMrs Harriet Minaker, Visiting?o'clock, "Mooreland House," the Nufse of the Bourbon County Healthpalatial home of Mrs. Daniel Lawson ? . WeIf are ague, makes the folMoore, was transformed into a "Mid- lowinS statement in regard to thSummer Night's Dream" for the mar- ca ?riage of the young daughter of the ' ,ltXl reard to Mrs. Charlie Scotthouse, Miss Minnie Ball Moore, and I and, flve cnldren, Hying on West Ser- -Dr.Wm. Bell Goddard, the sacred ' f street, in this city, we wish, todate being the 30th anniversary of iet tie PUDlic know just what hasthe marriage of the bride's mother . en done for h relief. Her rentand father. It was the first wedding if paid up and tne house screened byon the lawn ever seen in this county hJfr cnurch; milk is being given byand was witnessed by about 175 rel-, Je red cross one friend pays foratives of the families. A huge screen ' the gas and Shts; the county makeof cedars had been arranged between ? aPPropriation, and the Health andthe massive old trees in the center of WeIfare League makes up the differthe yard, the screen being inter-, e?ce in .groceries, clothing and medispersed with large bunches of white Clnes- The League has had theblossoms from the garden at "More- reater care of the family for thland House." Tall baskets of white, j past two years."green and lavender, the color scheme Mrs- Minaker submitted a detailedof the wedding, were placed at regu-! statement of the circumstances jk thdlar intervals to spacei the altar, and case to Mr- Fleming, and received thechairs were arranged inside the cir- folIowing reply:cular drive, the whole being bril- "Your exceedingly kind ond courliantly lighted with electricity. The ' teous etter of the 5th inst, relatirgown of the bride was exquisite injto tne family and surroundings ofthe extreme, created of soft ivoryivory satin, trimmed in laces of thewedding gowns worn by her motherand both aunts. A Duchess and torapoint lace flounce formed the skirt ! "We have mailed a check for ?1(of the dress a wonderful rose point to ner to add to the- donations of theBertha around the neck, another Ber- s.ood People of Paris, and its inatitutha for the head dress or crown to tion witn which you are connected,support the superb rose point veil and will contribute $5.00 per monthwhich covered the entire four-yard in tne future, until the father andtrain. The orange blossoms, fan and husband can secure his liberty byhandkerchief were used by her moth- Pardon or parole,er thirty years ago. She carried a I "Again thanking you and yourshower bouquet of brides roses and League and the other charitable peovalley lillies. Promptly at the ap- Ple of Paris for the interest displaypointed time the strains of the wed-' ed in tne relief work, in this partic-ding march were played by three life-time friends of the bride, Mrs. Grimesat the piano, Mrs. Martha Thompson .Alexander and Miss Nell Dedman, jviolinists. The bride's maids wore !green organdies and carried shower jbouquets of violets. The bridal party jentered from the residence m the f ol- The young men of the Shawhanlowing order: Miss Nell Dulm from vicinity wiU give a moonlight fetoMadisonville, Ky and Mr. Henry and dance at shawhan on next FriColeman, Miss Bettie Muir, from day nignt -Jul 15 Music for theNicholasville, and Mr. Bacon Moore, dancers will be furnished by theMip Frances Cochran from Mays-, Racket Orchestra. Many from Parisvine, u.iiu mi. vviuaiuu wi&cmdu, ji.,or Danville, miss iUiizaDetn saiter,Danville, and Mr. Charles Stone, ofSt. Louis. Miss Woodard Durham.Danville, and Dr. Hunter Coleman, tonets oeing worn, notably amongHarrodsburg. Mrs. Henry-Coleman, them being that-won--by the mother; te -the bride's only sister, was matron Mrs. D. L. Moore, an imported whiteof honor and came along in lavender Venetine lace pattern with green andgeorgette crepe, carrying pink and gold brocade train, corsage of orchids,lavender gladiolas. Then came the pearls and diamonds,groom and his best man, Dr. W. H. Those who attended the weddingHaggard, of Nashville. The exquisite i from Bourbon jcounty were Mr. andyoung bride came along and looked Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs. Casthe part of a veritable young queen i sius Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Rosein all the dignity of ancestral bridal berry, Mrs. John J. Rice, Mrs. Swiftheirlooms. j Champ and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, Jr.Dr. Sellers, pastor of the Chrisitan . ichurch, performed a solemn and - 'most impressive ceremony whicnunited the lives of this splendidyoung couple. The bridal party andguests came immediately into thedrawing room where a beautiful reception followed, music being fur-tnished by professionals from Lexing-'ton. An elaborate two-course supper was served. The ices were wedding bells, slippers, roses and bridesand grooms. The dining room tablewas ornamented with the bride'scake (a pyramid of cakes) the perfection of the caterers' art. The emblems were drawn from the cake asfollows: Miss Cochran, the thimble;Miss Dulin, the ring; Miss Salter,the needle; Dr. Haggard, the heart,and Winston Wiseman, bachelor'sbutton. IThe bride's bouquet was thrownfrom the second floor and caught by iMiss Elizabeth Slater. The bride'sgifts to her, maids were gold thimbles, the groom giving his groomsmen silver match cases and to hisbest man, Dr. Haggard, a hammeredsilver card case. iThe bride's going-away toliet wasvrmfnsh tan broadcloth, braided inblue and gold with hat and shoes tomatch. iThe young people left for an automobile trip to Michigan for. severalweeks and upon returning will reside with Mrs. Moore. IThe bride is the youngest daugh-'ter of the late Col. and Mrs. D. L.Moore and received her early education at Beaumont College, Harrodsburg; K. W. C. at Danville, later atMiss Semple's School, in Louisville; :Mary Baldwin's at Staunton, Va.,finishing with two years at theColonial School, in Washington, D.C, with honors. iT-Iie groom is the only son of thelate Nick Goddard and Mrs. AnnieBell Goddard, and grandson of T. C.Bell and W. W. Goddard. He received his early education at Granville, Ohio,, at Dennison University,'and completed his medical course at"Vanderbilt University. He was mNew York at a French Hospital whenwar was declared. He volunteeredand his work being so noticeablyproficient in the various camps, hewas soon promoted to the Mobileoperating unit No. 1, the most active unit leaving this country. Hewas in France fourteen months andwas operating under fire when thearmistice was signed. He remained.in France six months, having chargeof a French hospital in Paris, wherehe did his best work and had worldwide experience. 'The gifts were numerous and mag-.niflcent, consiting of silver, crystal,China and Oriental rugs, etc, andwere exhibited in the room in whichthe bride was born.Central Kentucky society was 'brilliantly Tefreeented. Many exquiaiteMRS. mtAKER MATES STllE- tKENT OP PAHS CASEIn Tuesday's issue of THE NEWSwe published a letter from Mr. SolTiemS: ,f Frankort, chairman- ofthe Mutual Welfare LpaniP in -gard to the case of Mrs. Chas. Scott,who was reporter? a hoinn. , aJMrs. unaney Scott, to band Tt reply beg to return our sincere thanksto you, and to all who have renderedaia and comfort to Mrs. Scott.UIar case, I am'Sincerely Yours,"SOL FLEMING, Pres. M. W. L.MOONLIGHT PETE-ijj attendWe Know HowCOOLandRefreshing!No, It Isn't a Drink, Batan Easy, BreezyPalm BeachSuitAnd you want that feelingthat comes only from beingcomfortable.Before you start on thatvacation trip, come in and select your needs from ourstock ofWardrobe TrunksHand BassSuit Casesin fact, anything youneed on a vacation trip.mayMITCHELL &BLAKEMI mami, x , -Vr AGE TWOm BOIDON NEWSi hed 188140 Years of Con-tinuons PublicationPmUkfeed Every Tuesday and FridayTm Year. .$2.006 Mouths. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.s(Btcred at the Paris, Kentucky.Peftefflce as Mail Matter of the-Stmd Class.)0TJ1 FiEEIGN SEPEESENTATIVES. fcew York American Press Asso-fkxago Lord & Thomas.H5ft4elphia . W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency,dpcinnati Blaine-Thompson Co1.Ltuisvilie Lowman-Mtdlican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 51.00 perliciiw first time; 50 cents per inch.tafh Mbseguent insertion.Beading Notices, 10 cents per UnaMusk. IfBue; reading notices in blacktj, 0 'cents per line, each issue.Carta of thanks, calls on candilates, ohituar.es and resolutions, andtmiir matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseiwi nd yearly ontracts.lt right of publisher is rsssivsdMdiiiUnir any advertlssmeut or otharmjtXoc for, publication.Amnouacecients for political officestut invariably be accompanied by.isjcash.Amy erroneous reflection upon theekaracter, standing or reputation ofaayt, person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHF, BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS OF THIS.THAT EN MOTHERA crime wave, a heat wave, a prohibition wave, a road hog wave, combined, cannot depress the spirits ofthe entire population during theblackberry cobbler wave.It is enough penalty to have to paytwo bits for a shave without thobarber stalling on the job in theeffort to convince us that we are getting a quarter's worth of his valuable time.Hundreds of Paris people who havereceived daily promises of coolerweather from weather forecasters,-should be able to sympathize withthe bill collector to whom innumerable fair promises are made.The negro woman who functionsas a human laundry belongs to nounion and asks assistance of no laborboard, but if anyone should dare suggest reduced compensation her sniffof contempt would be a final rulingon the point raised.If Postmaster General Hays desiresto gain poularity, let him devise apostal system by which bills will notbe delivered promptly, and in whicha special delivery stamp will attachitself automatically to a letter convtaining a check.When the enventor of barbed wireTneets, in Hades, the inventor of thefountain pen, and the inventor ofthe safety match, he can say withconviction: "Efficiency put me here,My device worked, as millions of injured horses prove. Yours didn'twork, as millions of damned soulswhose profanity brought them herecan testify."o;EAD THE NEWS' ADVERTISINGPAGES.In the advertising columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS you will findwhat you want and where to get itmost economically. Don't stop there.The values offered may be specialfor the day. There'll be others'every day, but when you see offeredthe thing you want it should bebought while the opportunity isyours. Go straight down town andmake your purchases as you haveoutlined them from the advertising.That is the way you can help to lower living costs and to bring backnormal values.oThe "Green Mounta.n Boys."The "Green Mountain BoW.was aMme assumed by a body of soldiers3rom Vermont in the Revolutionarywar. They captured Fort Ticonderogathe battle of Bennington. Theywere organized originally by EthanAilen to oppose the claims of NewXotk. to the territory of Vermont Theflt'een Mountain Boys were the firstto ask that Vermont be regarded asa state. This was not granted until1W1, when Vermont was admitted asthe fourteenth state.Oil of Apples,dfeemtets have newly succeeded infcracting from appfe parings, byIMS tie of ether, an essential oil, yellowish, and of a somewhat gummyfmsistency, which possesses in hightigree the characteristic and delicioustor of fresh apples. Crabapple par-.Jsjgs yield more of this oil than thosee orttoary apples. It is likely to bsrned to useful account for flavoringpurposes and conceivably for per-Jsmes.ISTOHE TABLET UNVEILED ONSITE OF OLD FOTSwaying leafy boughs, singingbirds, sunny skies, fields of ripenedgrain, freshly cut, lying yellow inthe golden June sunshine in thebackground the historic old stonehouse, Fairfield, in former days thehome of the renowned Gen. JamesGarrard, behind whose gray stonewalls was held the fourth court inthe State of Kentucky these marked the scene of the coming togetherof the Jemima Johnson Chapter, D.A. R., of Paris, and their guests fromadjoining Central Kentucky towns,on Friday, June 24, at eleven o'clock.The occasion was the unveiling ofthe stone tablet erected by thisChapter to mark the site of what wasknown in early pioneer days as Martin's Fort.The place is on the E. FClayfarm, three miles from Paris on theCynthiana pike, the, exact spot having been located by the research ofMrs. Wade. Whitle'y with the assistance of. surveyors'. This portion wasceded -to the Paris Chapter by Col.Clay prior to his death and has-beenrecently enclosed by a substantialstone wall with the tablet in thecenter. After the invocation by Rev.Dr. F. W. Eberhardt, -pastor ofGeorgetown Baptist church, Mrs.Cassius Clay, Regent, stated brieflythe purpose of the meeting and courteously introduced the speaker of theoccasion, Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington. Mrs. Lafferty, who has donesuch valuable research work in gathering, together data concerning earlyKentucky history, read from her carefully prepared manuscripts, excreptssetting forth the manners, dress and1customs of the pioneer settlers, whoblazed the way through the trackless forests, endured nrivations andi suffered hardships that we, theirchildren, might live in peace andplenty. The speaker had made acareful study of all the records andconsequently was prepared to giveinteresting accounts of the lives and'characters of many of these settlerswho had an active part in the settlement of our beloved old Commonwealth, Boone, Harrod, Hinkson,Townsend, Coojer and Martinbeing foremost among them.Mrs. Lafferty stated that this particular spot was the cradle of Bourbon county history. Martin's Fort,built in 17 7 9 was one of the mostformidable on the frontier. It wasdestroyed by the British and Indianson June 24, 1780, its occupants takenprisoners and carried away to thefar North across the border intoCanada.At the site of the fort are the remains of the famous old Cooper's RunBaptist church, which played so important a part in the religious life ofearly Kentucky settlers. At the conclusion of Mis. Lafferty's reading,Mrs. E. F. Clay made brief remarks,as did Dr. Daugherty, of Paris, whospoke of further incidents connectedwith the fort and church, which information he had gleaned from thedairv of Gen. Garrard, from whom heis a lineal discendant.The tablet was then unveiled bythe two lovely little daughters of Mr.and Mrs. Brutus Clay, Mary and Ann,dressed in airy green frocks, wearing the cunningest of poke bonnetstied over their nretty curls, theirdimpled knees encased in lace trimmed pantalettes after the fashion ofye olden time. During the ceremonythe guests stood and all sang America, while the manly young son ofMr. and Mrs. Wm. Talbott, clad inkhaki uniform, stood at attention before the flag which veiled the stonetablet.After the impressive ceremonieswere concluded the Rev. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris, pronounced the benediction, and so another red-letter daypassed into the history of the JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R.About 125 guests were present. Amost bountiful and delicious luncheon was served at the noon hour.Those in attendance from Harrisoncounty were Misses Eliza Lair, MaryLouise Northcutt, Gladys Rankin andMrs. W. H. Jenkins.The well-known old Ruggles' Fort,built about the same time as Martin's Fort, was located on the Lairfarm in Harrison county, now in thepossession of Miss Eliza Lair. It,also, has a most interesting history.It is the purpose of Miss Lair tomark the site herself and thus preserve for posterity the exact locationof this early Kentucky strong-hold.RAPE)DECREASE 0E PENSIONS. NOTEDThere are 1,076 soldiers and 1,220widows on the Confederate pensionrolls, according to State Inspectorand Examiner Henry E. James, whofiled with Governor Edwin P. Morrow a report covering an investigation of the Department of Confederate Eensions from December 1,1917, to May 31, 1921.Inspector James is of the opinionthat the percentage of widows ascompared to the soldiers will continue to increase and that when all ofthe old soldiers are gone many widows will be living. The decrease mnumbers on the pension roll fromFebruary, 1918, to May, 1921, isabout 9 per cent, per annum. Atthis rate of incase, which willgrow larger as time passes, it willbe but a very brief period until allof the pensioners Jiave passed, Mr.James said.August 1, 1918, the law increasing the monthly pension rate from$10 to ?12 became effective. Thismade an increase in the annualamount paid of approximately ?50,000. For 1918 the total pension payment was $340,380.08; for 1919,$370,455.66, and 1920, $344,962.73.The total anual payment at this timeis about what it was two and onehalf years ago, notwithstanding thetwo dollars a month increase in therate. Between the February andMay quarterly payments of this year28 soldiers and 14 widows died.Named "Empire State?'The name of the "Empire State"was first given to New York by GeorgeWashington, in his reply to an addressfrom the New York city commoncouncil in 1784..TBK BOURBON NEWS,BURlfY 'SIGN-UPSTARTS IN RUSHBig Growers First To Join As1,395,600 Pounds ArePledged First Day iDRIVENOWIN ILUEGRASSCarrollton, Ky., June 4. Growers ofmore than-195,600 pounds of burlsyitbbecco 'Tni&iefr the contract of theproposed .Co-operative -fiurley TobaccoMarketing' 'Association, rat the openingmeetingof the active sign-up mpfenhere today. -Acreage represented by the signatures was more than 1,460, with -anaverage production of about 1000pounds to the acre. Two hundred andthirty-five growers signed the contract.Many more were forced to go homowithout having an opportunity to sign,on account of lack of clerks to attendto them.Growers from three counties InIndiana and four in Kentucky wereamong those who bound themselves bythe provisions of the five-year contractof the association.Three farm organizations in CarrollCounty made the day a special one fortheir members, and held special meetings on preceeding days 'to urge themto sign the contract immediately. TheFarmers' Union was represented by 70per cent of Its members. Approximatefigures indicated that the percentageof the Farm Bureau was about thesame. The Eurekas, a secret societyof farmers, had held special meetingsto bring the benefits of the plan beforeits members.Signing began with the arrival of thefirst printed contracts from Louisville,and continued all morning without interruption. By noon more than 150growers had signed, and others werecrowding to the tables faster thanclerks could piepaie the paper torsignature.Curtis Montgomery, Ghent, Ky., wasthe first grower to sijrn the contract.He is one of the laigest produce! s ofCarroll County, and owns about UU0acres of land suitable for raising tobacco. He stayed in Carrollton allnight in order to have the opportunityto sign first.Despite the fact that a rain the nightbefore the meeting had made a perfecttobacco setting season, hundreds offarmers dismissed the chance in orderto attend the "sign-up." By 10 o'clockin the morning, the square around thocourthouse, where the signing was inprogress, was crowded with fannersand their families. A constant streamcontinued to pour into the town duringthe entire morning and early afternoon, as the districts more remotefrom the town sent in their contingents. At noon, after the arrival of JudgeRobert W. Bingham, Louisville, chiefspeaker of the day, and chairman of!the organization committee of the pro,posed association, a procession of'growers, headed by a band and a groupof growers who had signed the contract, marched from the courthouse tothe scene of the barbecue and burgoofeast and the afternoon speaking. Itisestimated that 2,000 farmers tookpart In addition to these many hadgone ahead on foot and in cars.Following the burgoo feast at 1:30o'clock, Judge Bingham addressed thecrowd in one of the town's warehouses.Ralph M. Barker, member of the organization committee, in introducingJudge Bingham, read a telegram fromM. O. Wilson, campaign secretary ofthe association being formed by Virginia and Carolina gi ers, expressingcongratulations and good wishes.Prolonged applause was given JudgeBingham's prediction that an adequateco-operative association law would bereadily passed by the next session olthe Kentucky legislature.At the conclusion of Judge Bingham'saddress, James C. Stone, Lexington,member of the organization committee,speaking as a representative of thegrowers of the Bluegrass, thanked thegrowers of this section for the impetusthey had given the campaign, and assured them that the growers of hissection would not be slow to follow theexample. He said that without excep-,tion every man he had consulted in re-igard to the formation of the proposed,association, had been in favor of themovement without ieser?pe.Other meetmgs at which the contract of the association will be offeredj to the growers fpx signatures will boheld the week of Jxme 13, at Shelbysvine, Lexington, MaysviUe, Danville,Richmond, Cynthiana and possiblyother points. Aaron Sapiro, attorneyfor twenty-two California 'co-operativeassociations and considered to be oneof the greatest authorities on co-operativeagriculture in the world, willaddress these meetings.The following names were announced as members of the organization committee:Judge Bingham, Louisville; MrBarker, Carrollton; Edward Bassett,Desha Breckinridge, Harry Giovanoli,Shelby T. Harbison, Charles N.Maning, William A. McDowell, Dr. FrankL. McVey, James C. Stone and MissSunshine Sweeney, Lexington; T. S.Barnam, Richmond; Johnson N. Camden and W. E. Simms, Versailles;Samuel Clay and John T. Collins,Paris; J. N. Kehoe, Maysville; theRev. John F. Knue, McQuadv jc C.Ridgeway, Falmouth, and W. A. deia-ents, Springfield.JPARIS, KENTUCKYUl&QHTXY AD DAHGEROUSSHACKS ,Dilapidated buildings of all kindseverywhere are a source of loss toproperty owners, a. menace, to civicbeauty, and a standing invitation totriflers to use them as places for loafing purposes and other nefarious usesat night. Fires often start in suchplaces and have resulted in the loss ofvaluable property exposed and loss oflife likewise. Why not tear down allsuch structures, or repair and makeuseful and revenue-producing theseunsightly and dangerous structures.I ..v ALostSomewhere in Paris, a diamond'screw stud, in fancy gold setting.Finaer wm receive suitable rewardby returning to THE NEWS office.(8-tf)Plants For SaleCelery plants for sale. All varieties. MRS. WM. SAUER,Cumb. Thone 174.(5-2t)Planing MillWe are prepared to do all kindsof planing mill work.Window Screens, Door Screens andodd work a specialty.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(T-tf)Yes itcanbe dyedorcleanedThat fast year's suit ordress can bo mads toappear Kk new. Strictit pares! post to-day.Swiss Cleaners & DyersS09 Gth St. Levbville, Ky.(LbnbkmofStiufactm9Present linesmodels willseason.zl&vBeginning June 1st the new series andprices will be as follows, f. o. b. factories,Flint, Michigan. .'....-Old PricesModel 22-44 Three Passenger Roadster, $1795Model 22-45 Five Passenger Touring, - $1795Model 22-46 Three Passenger Coupe, - $2585Model 22-47 Five Passenger Sedan, - - $2895Model 22-48 Four Passenger Coupe, "- $2985Model 22-49 Seven Passenger Touring, $2065Model 22-50 Seven Passenger Sedan, - $3295TC. S.Fourth andWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUTCT, BUICKHeaUh Board NoticeIt is strongly urged1 upon the" citizens of tfcis community -to boil allwater wnether it be from cistern,well, spring or hydrant which is tobe used for drinking or domestic purposes. This is an annual precautionary-means to avoid water-bornediseases.It is also urged that at this especial season of the year weeds maybe a detriment to the public health,and that the same1 shall be cut without further notice.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer. -Order Board of Health.(l-4t)7 Executrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Henrys C. Smith, dee'd;are hereby notified to present same,tproperly proven, as required by law;to the undersigned Executrix, foradjustment and payment.AH persons knowing themselvesindebted to the' estate of the saidSHeriry C. Smith, dee'd, are herebynotified to make full and satisfactorysettlement of such indebtedness tothe undersigned Executrix.TABITHA C. WILLIAMS,Executrix Henry C. Smith.No. 214 Fourteenth St., Paris, Ky.(17-3wks)PAINTGET OUR PRICES ONTheBest Goods attheBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.Druggists Both PhonesWPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.VASON. G)BT T T " TZ" fGfcvv J I V j l S3of new Buick six-cylinderbe carried thru the 1922BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT,Pioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head MotorBranches in all Principal Cities Dealers EverywhereBALLKGARAGEStreetsTUESDAY, JULY 12, 1For SaleGodd 3-horse power Witt gasolUeengine. Used rery little ant to lfine condition. Can be bought at abargain. Address or call undersigned. J0HN S- TOGCHNS,Cum. Phone 682 Hutchison r(8-2t) 'kREAL Wm"IC 9X1J ' "tO-pound CansCrystal WhiteSyrup65ONLYCENTSPER CANWeek of July 4 to 10Logan HowardThe Home of Good Thingsto EatPhones 179FAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtyNew Price14951525$2135$2435$232517352635MICH.CarsWILL BUILD THEMJn."iss wmmi'1V;t i -r,.Ii,-h. TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1921THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYFA6KTHR11 vSERIOUS SITUATION IN LIVESTOCK MARKETSHow serious the livestock situation of the country is at the presentnine may be gathered from the movement of the Morgan banking interests and other financial institutionsof the country to create a fund of25,000,000 to be loaned in an effort to rehabilitate the industry. Alarge percentage of this money is expected to be loaned in the South-where the livestock industry is ofthe first magnitude and promiseswith proper encouragement to become its most important business.A percentage of this money it isprobable will come to Kentucky to bedisbursed among farmers for use inthis field. In this connection emphasis is being laid by experts upon thenecessity of the farmer producingonly the hetter grade of livestock inorder to get the largest possible return on his investment. Support bythe United States Government to theFarmer's Better Sire Sales being' heldby the Louisville Livestock Exchangeand the Kentucky Pure Bred Livestock Association is the most important step being taken in this direction. ' The second of the sales to be heldin this series will be the auctioningoff of 200 pure bred bucks and ewesand 2,000 high grade ewes at theBourbon Stock Yards on August 11.In the sale of purebred registeredbulls on June 2, the widest distribution of the animals with the sheepsale. All the animals at this salejrill be guaranteed as represented andthe prices, as at the bull sale wherethey were amazingly low, will bemade by the farmers themselves.oREGULAR SERIAL' "A friend who has heard that Isuffered from insomnia," said Blinby,"told me a sure cure. 'Eat a coupleor bananas and drink two or threeglasses of milk before going to bed,"and I'll warrant you'll be asleepwithin half an hour."I did as he suggested and wentto sleep soon after retiring. Thena friend with his head under hisarm came along and asked me if Iwanted to buy his feet. ,1 was negotiating with him when the dragonon which I was riding slipped out ofhis skin and left me floating in midair. "While I was considering how Ishould get down, a bull with twoheads peered over the edge of thewall and said he- would haul me upif I would first climb up and rig awindlass for him. So as I was slidingdown the mountainside the conductor came in and I asked him whenthe train would reach the station."We passed your station 200years ago," he said, calmly foldingthe train up and slipping it into hisvest pocket. At this juncture Iawoke and found I had been asleepten minutes."CINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L & N.-$2.35S.nday, July 17, 1921Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(july5-8-15)MILL & BROWNContractors and BuildersParis, KyEstimates furnished on all kinds ofbuilding work. Workmanship andprices guaranteed right. "We makea specialty of Hardwood Flooring.Call Cumberland Phones 722 or813. (julyl2-2mo)Ellis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $8.501 Meal per Day $9.50Regular Board (3 mealsper day) $8.00!E ELLIS TEA ROOM-EXCURSIONOpposite (tart House,LOOK PLEASANT, PLEASEFacing a professional camera is ajoy to some of us and a task loothers. Of course, mere amateursnap shots are no ordeal. Since themovies have become such a nationalinstitution, every other person youmeet have developed a desire to appear before the camera. The majorityof us pose for portraits merely forprivate consumption or inflictionupon our family and friends. Ouractress and actor friends of stage andscreen spend many an hour posing incharacteristic attitudes. They havedeveloped the patience necessary forgood photographic results. Perhapsit is no joke for you to have youryour picture taken. But you enjoyevery minute that the popular "Topics of the Day" Films are on thesuceu. iu piace yuuraeii. in a nappymood for the photographer to "shoot"you, just read the humor printedherewith by THE BOURBON NEWS:Proud Mamma "What do youcharge for taking children's pictures?" Photo Man "Ten dollars a dozen."Hazz Whiskers.Patient Photographer "Cumcum!Look at the birdie!"Intoxicated Person (reaching forhis hip.) "I, hie, can't shee anybirdies, but here's a hie, couplerswallows." Vaudeville News.Portrait Photographer "Lookpleasant, please!"Major Jack Allen "I can't. I'mthinking what this is going to costme." Rutgers., Stage Manager "There is onething I Avould like to know about thisphotograph of a drinking scene in theplay."Photographer "What is that?"Stage Manager "Was it madewith dry plates?" Baltimore American. A brother and sister were inspecting photographic proofs.Kid Brother "Not enough animation in your pictures, Kate."Kate "What do you expect, freemovies?" Ada (Ohio) Herald.Tony "How. does Trixie get herphotographs without cost?"Toinette "Some photo-graftschemes, I guess." Rutgers."I'll say that love is like a photographic plate.You ask me why.Then I'll say that it takes a darkroom to develop it." Ohio Sun Dial.Mrs. Gabbie (showing photo tohusband) "This is an instantaneouspicture of myself."Mr. Gabbie "I can see that without having it told. Tour mouth isshut." Syracuse Herald.oAN OLD CURE FOR WORRYMind cure of the variety whichhas come to be known m our modernday as "New Thought," seems tohave roots that run back into anolden time. In a quaint and curiousvolume of forgotten lore entitled,"The Physical ' and Mental Treatment of the Human Body," writtenby Dr. Manseman, an eminent English medico, and published in London late in the sixteenth century,we find the -following cure forworry:"Let the sufferer think of the person he or she loves best; dwell uponhis charms and graces; cogitatedeeply upon the affection they bearthe one for the other.. If this doesnot have a soothing effect, then letthe patient try a small draught ofstrongly brewed tea with a lump ofginger in it. The efficacy of thisis wonderful." . ,. ,,,It is not quite certain whetherthe wonderful efficacy is to be attributed to the mental treatment, orto the strong tea wih a lump of ginger in it. Perhaps it is the combination that the good doctor hdmmind. It looks a little as if he believed in the wisdom of what bettingfolk call "hedging," somewhat onthe plan of Br'er Rabbitt planningto capture Mr. Possum "a'gwine ora'comin'." .The prescription, as far as the flintnart of it is concerned, follows whatwe now regard as psycho-therapy.The chronic worrier is an out-and-outegotist. The cure, consequently,is to switch his thought away fromhimself to some other line. But, instead of thinking simply of somebeloved one who may be "uncertain,coy, and hard to please," or inconstant and a cause of doubt and anxiety, the better plan is to let themind dwell on the goodness andbeauty and splendor of life as awhole. ,. .No man possessed by an enthusiasm for a great cause, or interestedin his work, rather than in himself,will be troubled by worry. Still,there is no harm in a little "ginger'in the mental attitude. Ex.oPleasing Mouth.The pleasing mouth has .lips thatcurve from thin outer corners to aripe fullness at the middle. The sweepshould be upward to a fine cleft atthe middle of the upper lip. A deepcleft just about the center of the upper lip is one of the recognized marksof beauty.Scent in Each" Wood.Were our sense of smell more highly developed and better trained, saysthe American Forestry Magazine, weshould find that every wood has itsown peculiar scent by which alone itcould be distinguished from all therest.Early Irish Coin.One of the early coins in Irelandwas , the eagle, made of base metaland current about 1272, but an earliercoin was the farthing, made of silver,during the reigns of .King John, andnow very rare and of great value.Thlnnstc of Spider's Thread.A scientist one compared a hajiof his bearjl with a spider's thread ix&dar a microscope and estimated that 54would taka 10,000 threads to equal ojmhair in tnbftanct.y-o-More than three-fourths ofSwitzerland's taxes are direct.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Mary Flanagan, of Norfolkand Roanoke, Va., is a guest of Mi-sMary Gorey, in this city.Miss Augusta Cormmerlin has returned from a visit to Mrs. AlbertSidney Johnson, in Mt. Sterling.. Squire L. J. Fretwell has goneto Graham Springs, near Harrodsburg, for a stay of several weeks.Mrs. John Yerkes is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, threatened with typhoid fever.Misses Cassie, and Celia Cainhave returned from a visit to theirsister, Mrs. Matt White, in Lexington. Miss Annie T. Miller, of Ashland,Ky., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Bruce Miller, and other relatives inthis city.Mrs. Robert Watson and childrenhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Mt. Olivet and Robertson county.Prof. Robert T. Hinton, ofGeorgetown College, was a recentvisitor in Paris, the guest of friendsand relatives.Mrs. Harry Meade, of Bloomington, Indiana, is a gueBt of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, in this city.Mrs. Forrest Letton and daughter, Miss Mary Letton, have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Dora Vipus, inMontezuma, Indiana.Fred Fister, who recently underwent an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, isable to be out again.John W. Taylor, of Falmouth,spent the week-end in Paris as aguest of his cousin, J. B. Taylor, andfamily, in East Paris.Mrs. Harry H. Hancock anddaughter, Miss Virginia, have returned from a visit ta friends and relatives in St. Louis, Mo.x Mrs. Logan Howard and daughter, Miss Susan Baker Howard, wereguests several days the past week atthe Crab Orchard Springs Hotel.Miss Sallie Whaley has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. J. Curtis Lary, inWinchester, former residents ofParis.Miss Gertrude Slicer, is herefrom Gouveneur, New York, whereshe has been instructor of physicalculture in the public schools, for avacation visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. A. L. Slicer, on South Mainstreet.(Other Personals on Page 5)WHY IS AN AMATEUR POET?A cynic might declare that writingpoetry is a disease which is born inthe spring season. This affliction,once you have caught it is difficult tocure permanently. It is liable tobreak out more or less frequentlyduring the year. An embryo poet haslittle mercy on the good "KingsEnglish" and the words of our ownUnited States. What the poetic penner does to make words rhyme is acrime, deserving of penance. Ofcourse, after undergoing a long siegeof writing poetry and due convalescence, the patient poet may become aregular writer. Then his "stuff" maybe proclaimed "professional." The column conductors and jokesmiths of thepress, who themselves are subject topoetic outbursts, have written humorous lines about would-be poets. In"Topics of the Day" Films at populartheatres such jokes provoke muchmerriment. Whether or not you"poetize" the following lines preseniby by THE BOURBON NEWS may inspire you to laughter:She "John, why didn't you writea sonnet to me to-day?"He "I did start one about yourbeautiful countenance, -dear, but thenI thought of how untrue it would beto speak of lines on your face."Princeton Tiger.Magazine Editor "Are your cleververses 'The Kiss' original?"Blushing Young Poetress "Notquite. 'The Kiss' was a collaboration." Pittsburg Dispatch.Editor "For Heaven's sake, stopdeluging me with your stuff. Isn'tthere anything that will dam thisflood of poetry?"Poet "Well, just you try puttinga check on it and see." Judge.Toinette 'Tercet the poet writessuch 'twiney' lines."' Tony "You are stringing me!"Toinette "Not ac-cord-ing to hispoem, 'The Tie-up." Rutgers."My heart is with the ocean!"cried the poet rapturously."You've gone me one better,"said the sea-sick friend, as he tooka firmer grip on the rail. PrincetonTiger.Poet "Dear Editor: What aboutmy poem, 'Why Do I Live?' "Editor "You live, Augustus, because you sent it by mail. Vaudeville News.oWedded by Eating Out of Bowl.Marriage is not a religious ceremony among the Burmese. There is aceremony, of course, but the only necessary and binding part of it is thatthe couple should, in the presence ofwitnesses called together for the purpose, eat out of the same bowl.o '-Missed Him.Smithsonian investigators reportfinding the skeleton of a mastodon inArizona, but unfortunately the mastodon himself was not at home at thetime of the discovery. Boston Transcript. oBees Cut Bark of Trees.Some species of bees in SouthAmerica ''Cut Jthe bark of the rubbertrees in order to cause a flow of thesap. The gum is employed by thebees as a ready-made wax for theirnests.Th Number Isn't Limitsd;MOnecan get a lot of enjoyment suta small piece of mistletoe," statesI gossip writer. So can two ! PassingShow, London.BSSSSSa K BSSlra. " SL aKThe new sugar coated rfy&br mchewing sanjSJWM?pwhich everybody MxA ScIM,likes-you will. jM 55 5p358SMMviSv J !?" -a ? s&. 1 'i --"'" S. 5ai imI -yjfmzzT"?9 wmffl& HDna- mPAPER PRICES ARE BEING "ADJUSTED" The paper makers are on strike.The manufacturers were able to makeso much profit last year that theyhave found it necessary to cut thewages of their employes 30 per cent.and increase working hours to 50.There was a few weeks ago a realdanger that paper might reach anational price, owing to the businessdepression, and consequently slackdemand. The strike will help toprevent what have been a seriousloss of profit to the manufacturers.mere is nothing complex abouttins paper situation, that is beingbrought to the attention of the readerby the harrassed newspapers. Youit .can see tne reason for it, in tenminutes' abservation of the shopperin any town or city. There goes awoman with a market basket. Shehas seven packages. Only one ofthem is not elaborately wrappedwith a handsome paper carton andlabel. ,That one is a head of lettuce.and it is wrapped in manila paper..Even that can of sardines is encasedin a colored paper box.Every hour of the day in thistown sees enough paper foolishlywasted in this way to print thisnewspaper's edition.The paper is carried home, tornfrom the package and thrown away.It has cost the shopper from 10 to200 per cent, to buy food in its expensive wrapper. She has helpedthe big packers and manufacturersto control food prices, too.The consumption of paper in cartons and needless wasteful wrappers is three times that of the consumption by newspapers in thiscountry.A destruction of this manipulation ,of the paper market and the distribution of food would mean more tothe consumer than a. 75 per cent, reduction in freight rates, just by wayof making you realize that you areconcerned in the paper situation.HERT'S PLACE TJimLLEI)While Matt Chilton, of Louisville,representing Republican State Chairman Chesley Searcy, was in conference with Senator Richard P. Ernst'and other Kentucky Republicans inWashington, it is understood thatthe subject under discussion was aminor patronage matter and did notin any way involve the filling of thevacancy from Kentucky on the Republican National Committee.The Kentucky Republicans seementirely at sea without Alvin T.Hert, their leader, and are wondering how to proceed to fill the vacancy. Custom leaves it up to theRepublican State Committee to recommend a committeeman to the National Committee, but so far there isnothing to indicate any definite plansregarding the vacancy.M. H. Thacker, former Governorof the Canal Zone, is in Washington from Kentucky for a conferencewith Republican leaders. He is anxious to obtain a diplomatic post inthe Harding administration.oMETEOR SH0WEK CALLED OEESeveral weeks of intimacy withthis solar system have had such aneffect on the Pons Winnecke cometthat it has changed its itinerary anddeparted from its orbit, the Harvard ,University Observatory has announced. The change in the comet's planshas been caused by planetary interference and as a result the predictedmeteoric showers are not now likelyto fall, Solon I. Bailey, acting director of the observatory, asserted."As far as we have learned noshowers have yet occurred and it isunlikely that any will take place,"Mr. Bailey said.The comet, he added, is now outward bound through space.oIT PAYS TO ADVERTISEWhen we hear of a man cuttingdown on his advertising," said awise bank president, "we cut downon his credit." Good business iscoming again, and now is the timeto make preparations to get yourshare of it. When one has leisure,one has time to plan carefully."-l"Forbes.4',mmV 5- VAl J JS-"k '-2SPthat will aidtion, polishyour throat.WRfGLEYSwtirmtinnMLCICHomaaEHTHE FLftUOR LASTSI ifcii lift f a-..t TtTffff- T"T"f"T -- T"T T T T T T TTTI!iIIfCIlMMI i$..GEOUGE U. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay NightT-M-t..y.t..T.,.....T..T........T........ y.j.7......iHiiniiiimniimnimiiiimmmminnmiHome Telephone SubscribersHave Free Communication with theFollowing Towns and VillagesMillersburg, Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's GrossRoads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, Centerville,Jacksonville, Clintonville, Avon, Wyandott Austerlitz,Escondida, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill.North Middletown connection will be re-establishedwithin a few weeks.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedlllllillllllllllllllllMIIMtlllllUllllllHHiiiHiiWomade this organization famous. Our expert knowledge of allthe details of our profession meets with theapproval of everyone.Our reputation forfair dealing is ourclients' protection.iSsSSosSfiSSfeGLASSWARE USED BY CREAMSTATIONS FOUND INCORRECTvDuring the year ending June 30,1921, the creamery license sectionof the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station inspected 13,168pieces of glassware used by variouscream stations of the State in testing milk and hutterfaf brought inby farmers and found 235 pieces ofthe equipment incorrect, accordingto the thirty-third annual report ofthe-station.Letters carried by air mail are put., in asbestos bags.ft delicious Peppermintflavored sussr jacket aroundpeppermint f layered chewim emmyour appetite and dtoes.your teeth and moistenB122m--t- t T TTTTlllllliiiiiinii"M"UR courteouscharacter hasiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiimiHiiIS. P. M0HNEY IChiropractorFIFTH TEAR IN PARIS imilllMHIHIIIIIIM&3ISr:w-lPAGXP0C7BTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 12, 1121'sahPACK YOUR AUTO FULLBOURBON BOOSTERSJULY 19CONTRIBUTED BY THE LEADERBIRTHS.BOURBON FISCAL COURTAt the recent meeting of theBourhon Fiscal Court it was orderedtnat $ 44,J43 be paid to the RoadCommissioners of Bourhon countw forexpenses incurred and accounts paid,to he taken from the Turnpike Fund.It was also ordered that a notice hepublished requiring all propertyowners along all turnpikes in thecounty to cut all weeds and overhanging limbs along said turnpikes.ATTENTION, FARMERS !BEAR IN MEND THE SCARCITYAND HIGH PRICES OP COAL PREVALENT DURING THE LAST SEVERAL WINTERS, AND LAY INVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.YOUR SUPPLY NOW, WHILE YOUCAN GET HIGHEST GRADES (IVCOAL AT COMPARATIVELY LOWPRICES. WHY NOT TAKE BAfifrA LOAD OF OUR GOOD COALWHEN YOUR WAGON IS HAULINGWHEAT TO TOWN?(1-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.THE LEADERCLEARANCESALEHAS BEEN HIGHLY. SUCCESSFULIT CONTINUES FOR A WEEKNew Crisp MerchandiseatLowest Possible Prices"The Pride of Paris"fetfftcOPPOH0PARIS, KENTUCKYOn June 28, in Newhall, WestVa., to the wife of Corbett Ingram, ason. The mother was formerly MissGibson, daughter of Deputy SheriifJames Gibson, of Paris.Near Ewalt's Cross Roads, thiscounty, to the wife of Millard Goshett, a daughter, second child. Themother was formerly Miss GussieFritz, of Harrison county.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hill, of nearHutchison, are being congratulatedupon the arrival in their householdof a little daughter. Mrs. Hill wasformerly Miss Mary Bramel, of Bourbon county.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Spearsais acknowledging congratulationsfrom friends and relatives upon theadvent in the Spears home of a, handsome heir, a son, their firstborn. The young fellow has beenchristened Lockheart Spears. Mrs.Spears was formerly Miss Sallie Lockhart, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Thornton, ofBuffalo, New York, are receivingcongratulations on the birth of ason, born in St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, last week. The motherwas before her marriage Miss MarySullivan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Jerre Sullivan, formerly of Centerville. Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Chapmanare rejoicing over the arrival of anine-pound daughter, at their homeon Duncan avenue, born at oneo'clock Sunday morning. The younglady will be christened ElizabethGrimes Chapman. Mrs. Chapmauwas formerly Miss Mary Adams Talbott, daughter of Robert C. Talbott,v.-ho is a law partner of Mr. Chapman.ONE LOTI.White Dresses$1.98(Soiled) Values to$19.75, ChoiceMillineryOne Lot Trimmed Pattern Hats,Values to $15. Special frd noTo Close Out at .UOIVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.oCEMENT!HAVE JUST UNLOADED PRESHCAR CEMENT.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.THREE IN ACCIDENTSWhile diving from a springboard atthe bathing beach near Foote's landing, in Stoner Creek, Miss FrancesAnn Steenbergen was slightly injuredwhen her head struck a rock. Shesustained a slight scalp wonud, whichwas not serious.A block of ice fell from the big icebox at the Grant Owsley restaurant,striking Murray Higgins on the footand lower part of the leg, inflictinginjuries which have incapacitatedhim from active duty for a time.In attempting to start a refractoryelectric fan at the Paris Baking Co.'splace of business I. L. Glass, manager,sustained severe cuts about the handand wrist by the blades of the fan.His injuries were painful, but not serious.iJULY CLEARANCE SALENow Going OnMany Offerings are Marked, Regardless of TheirFormer Selling Price, at Low Prices Which InsureImmediate ClearanceSimon's Clearance Sales are famous for their values, and thegreat semi-annual selling event is filled with offerings which makeit the greatest economy event of the year. Many of these afforda saving of one-third to one-half the regular price.These low prices mean immediate disposal, and are in linewith the Simon policy of merchandising, which precludes the carrying over of style merchandise, or broken sorts, into anotherseason. 'nous. PR BU l HL" f r Jr'Jb, Qt 3S. fXniU I I SI1HARRY SIMON224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyKFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00 -You Cam Beat lhisT THEN you pay your household buTs,W GQD. packages and all general expenses with Pretectal checks, you are surethat the amount of the check is protectee!from being raised,ifby accident your checkis lost andmay pass into thehands of eitheran amateur or professional check raiser-With the Erotectu system, you can make yourcheck proof against check raising. This check hasaseriesofnumbers lithographed in indelible ink onthe end of the check By a cutting device, the endof the check is cut or torn when the check is madeout so that the highest amount indicated on themargin represents the maximum limit of the check.We have arranged to supply all of our customerswithProtectu checks andaBrotectufoldingpocketcover with cutter attached as shown in illustration.Others who wish to avail themselves of its use maycall at our bank and receive them without costby opening an account in this bank. We dothis as a matter of duty following our longestablished policy of providing our depositors withthe best possible service in every department.EQjUAIiY PRACTICAL FOR DESK AND POCKET USB."Boosters Trip" July 19thStraw Hats, Panamasand LeghornsAt Half Price!We have taken the lid off the prices on on Straw Hats, Panamas and Leghums, as we are selling them at half price. All the season's new styles andshapes can be found in these hats, and you will do well by buying now whilethe selections are good. See window displayPeoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.iesii$7.50 HATS fcO 7Ccut to - 99b m 9$6.00 HATS 0 HOCUt to 99mJM$5.50 HATS 9 BAcut to DmmJJ$4.00 HATS ttO ffcut to WmbW302,!, $1.50$20LH5.TS $1.00Gash No Approvalst sP. WALSH7th andjMain One-Price Store Paris, Ky.Home Phone 448 Cumb. Phone 806tmun1 ''" J"e,'. - l 'T TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1921-TBE BOURBON NEWS,-PA1HS, KKNTUOH' Vv -!vaiJeA?r&KjI Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseVOTE POK PEARCE PATON.PANCY WATER MELONSFancy, juicy, sweet and red watermelons direct from the patch. Theyare dandies.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.TUESDAY IS "DRAW DAY."To-day, Tuesday, July 12, is "drawing day" for candidates. In otherwords the various candidates for cityand county offices will meet in thecourt house and draw for positionson the ballot that will be issued inthe primary election August 6. It Jsimperative that every candidateshould be present at the drawing.oBUILDING PROGRESSINGWork on the new brick garage being erected at the corner of Mainand Secand streets by the MammothGarage Co., of Lexington, is progressing rapidly. The work is being doneunder the supervision of RichardWebb, Jr., of Lexington, a large forceof workmen being employed. Thehouse is expected to be ready for occupancy about September 1.SUMMER REDUCTIONSBIG REDUCTIONS IN ALL SUM&ER MERCHANDISE, INCLUDINGSUITS, SKIRTS, DRESSES ANDWAISTS.(i2-2t) PRANK & CO.. 'ATTENTION, CANDIDATES!You cannot make affidavit to yourcampaign expense account, unlessyou have fully itemized every centyou have expended in any way forthat purpose, as required under theprovision of the election laws. If3'ou have not paid your advertisingand job printing accounts with THENEWS, you should do so at once, soyou will be in the clear when you'come to make up your expense account for filing with the State. Allsuch items will have to be included,so come in and square up, and behappy ever after.oAIRPLANES VISIT PARISLieut. J. O. Creech, of the Lexington Aviation Company, flew the "Daniel Boone," one of their largest airplanes to Paris, Friday, to carrypassengers in local "hop-offs" and tomake arrangements for a permanentlanding field and air station for theaccommodation of aircraft of hiscomany and that of other companiesand individual owners of planes.Lieut. Creech inspected several placesin and around Paris likely to besuitable for a landing field, but deferred a-final selection until later.On the return trip to Lexington,Lieut. Creech carried as passengersMiss Elizabeth Buchanan, of nearParis; and Raymond Wilson, of Paris.oSOCIAL AHD PERSONAL.A.... . f . .A ''' !!iMwrir iii vgflflffilEftlf&JffMIBRELIGIOUS. mj T ! T)a . m m r m . h m . m.IJJlJltf 13W.PAGE FIVEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.' The Mission Pan p . -!!,.Miss Princess Whaley Duvall and ' tian church held nn onwi nTson are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Hoff- ing Saturday afternoon nt fmirman Wood, in Mt. Sterling. - o'clock in the church parlors BobbyThe Garden Club will meet with Hobgood, of Lotumbe Africa who isMrs. Warren Rogers, on Wednesday supported as a Living Link bv theH2ftEL18, S ClCk- f011 Band' WaS eguest of hono?Keatha Owens and Henry Owens, for the occasion. Bobbv is thp thrPPof Paris, are guests of their "grand- year-old son of Rev and Mrs H CtoV&hSter" MrS Sant WenS',bl?cland is ported as" a junlutt!,, iVirs .Hobgood gavean interesting talk to the assembly,and a picnic lunch was served on thechurch lawn, making the afternoona thoroughly enjoyable one.oVOTE IFOR PEABCE PATON.PAYING' TAXES SLOWLYDeputy Tax Commissioner John J.Redmon reports that quite a numherof Paris and Bourbon county peoplehave given in noi iooi o,,a shiest of ino ":, "x ""Dr. and Mrs. J. T Vnnn ,t t-h.t. " lcta- urges tnat asj fciiii.in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Pare, ofGrand Rapids, Mich., are guests ofthe latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Hedges.F. S. Elder has returned fromLake Village, Ark., where he wascalled some time ago by the death ofhis aged mother.m B. F. Lancaster, of Covington,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. L. M.vannooic and other relativesBourbon county.Miss Eliza Summerville, ofMontgomery, Alabama, ismjisXBOTJKBON BOOSTER'S TRIP, TUESDAY, JULY 19.The Bourbon Booster's trip willtake place on Tuesday, July 19,and will start with an auto paradefrom the court house at 8 a. m.The first stop will be Shawhan, thenRuddles Mills, Millersburg, LittleRock, North Middletown, Clintonville, Hutchison, Centerville, Jacksonville and then back to Paris.Speeches will be made at all stops,and the Paris City Band will give afine concert at each place. Freesouvenirs will be distributed. A bigdinner, fit for kings, has been promised by the good ladies of North Middletown and with fine music, plentyto eat and good speeches, a great bigtime is inevitable. The general public is invited. Bring your wivesand daughters. Pack your car full andjoin in on the trip. The time of yourlife. A great, big happy get-together. Eeverybody, let's go.home on Pleasant street.Mrs. C. A. Kumler, of Dayton,Ohio, is ill at the home of Mrs. S.A. Snowden, near Shawhan, whereshe has been visiting for some time.Mrs. Esther C. Meinzeis RedCross Nurse of Bourbon county, leftFriday for a month's visit to hermother, Mrs. John Meinzer, at Burt,Iowa.Misses Carrie Hardy and LouiseHardy have returned to their homein Mt. Sterling, after a visit tofriends and relatives in Bourboncounty.Mrs. Lon Graves and daughter,Lillian, and Mrs. Dorothy Sharp,have returned from a visit to relatives in Lexington and Fayettecounty.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James have asguests at their home on Parrish Avenue Mrs. Martha Ely, of Paintslick,Ky., and Miss Margaret Highland, ofCovington.Miss Sallie Bishop has returnedto Georgetown, after a visit to herson, Newton Bishop, and Mrs. Bishop,at their home on Nineteenth street,in this city.Capt. Speed Hibler, former Parisian, and popular L. & N. passengerconductor, has gone to Point ofRocks, Maryland, to spend fourweeks vacation.Mr. and Mrs. Harry O. Jameshave as guests at their home onPleasant street Miss Ruth Richards,of Owingsville, and Miss Walter MayRatlic, of Ravanna.Miss Eula Gilbert, of Paris, a recent graduate of the Fugazzi Schoolof Business, in Lexington, has takena position in a broker's office in thatcity, as office assistant.Richond Register: "Miss Katherine Williams, the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Warren Williams,of Paris, is visiting her grandparents,Judge N. B. Turpin and Mrs. Turpin." Dan W. Peed, Sr., manager ofthe Independent Tobacco WarehouseCo., who has been seriously ill at hishome on South Main street, was reported yesterday as being slightly improved. Mrs. Margaret Sullivan anddaughter, Miss Frances, have returned to their home in Lexington, aftera visit to the former's sisters, Mrs.'John Dean, Mrs. Edward Burke andMrs. M. J. Lavin, in this city.Rev. and Mrs. C. H. Greer, ofPleasant street, had as guests thepast week Dr. and Mrs. W. H. Bates,of Lafayette, Ind. Dr. Bates isa brother of Mrs. Greer, and is amany as possible come in this weekto give in their assesments so thework of the office may be kept goingforward as fast as possible.For RentLarge front room, two windows,neatly furnished, at a moderate price.Apply toF. E. JONES,Phone 395 Robneel Bldg.(julyl2-2t-pd)NOTICEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTC. R. Turner's Admrx PlaintiffVs. NoticeAyers, Etc., DefendantAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Chas. R. Turner, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame properly proven to the undersigned Master Commissioner prior tothe first day of September, 1921.All claims not presented by thattime will be barred. Done pursuantto order of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C. '(12-19-26-aug2)The FairGENUINE VALUES FOR YOURMONEY, PLUS A REFUND OF 10CENTS ON EVERY DOLLARPURCHASED IN OUR STOREFRIDAY AND SATURDAY ONLY.BLUE LICK WATERGenuine Blue Lick Water by thecase, or ice cold to drink by the bottle. Other soft drinks on ice.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.COAL.PROTECT YOURSELF FROMPEOBABLE COAL SHORTAGEAGAIN THIS WINTER BY LAY-TWn TTT VnTTTJ CTTDX)TV "KTftttfif Wimr.T. vnu hatt av.T RESTQUALITY AT PRICES WHICH MAYBE LOWER NOW THAN THEYWILL BE WHEN COLD WEATHERARRIVES.U-tt) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oRETURN FROM CAMPThe Boy Scouts, who spent twoPleasant and profitable days campingat Boonesboro Beach returned Saturday, bronzed and happy as larks.Those who made the tcp were:James Collier, Edward Templin,William Yerkes, William Lytle, Garaett Swinford, Harry Baldwin, WillMoore Lair, Walter Collins, WilliamTalbott, T. J. Judy, Homer Wilson,Koak Hinton, Holt Henry, E. K.Rice, Jo Varden, Chas. Cook, Wm.Hinton, Edgar Hill, Sam Margolen,William Wilson, John B. Tate, Edward Merringer, Allen Bowling, SolFeld.The boys made the trip in automobiles furnished by LawrenceMitchell, Harjjr Baldwin, Watt Judyana Owen L. Davis, wno wwb marge of the party, and by BucknerWoodford and Miss Lucy Blythefiimms. ,, .LThey were unanimous in tneirdon that Boonesboro was a sieke but that it woe not. near asa place as Stoner Creek m manyprofessor in Purdee University.Lexington Leader: "J. StuartWallingford, of Pans, a graduate ofthe College of Engineering in theclass of 1919, and now mechanical'I . J-1-. T7 TXT T r-TVlTOTIT7- Cif Iengineer iui tuc jp . w . -. vmu.".7 -, aClintonville, Wisconsin, was a visitorat the University of Kentucky, Saturday."Miss Sophia T. Fishback, whohas been directing tne recreationalleadership classes connected withthe Community Service organizationof Paris, has gone to Winchester,where she will conduct -a two-weeks'recreational institute in connectionzation of that city.Miss Elizabeth Bedford, of Oklahoma City, Okla., who has been theattractive guest of Mrs. ThompsonH Tarr, at her country home nearParis, has gone to Mt. Sterling, whereshe will be a guest for about ten daysof friends. She will return to Parisfor a further visit with Mrs. Tarrbefore returning Jto her Westernhome.Miss Princia Gaines entertainedat her home in Georgetown recentlyin honor of her attractive houseguest, Miss Elizabeth Burns,of Little Rock, this county. The housewas decorated with a profusion ofsummer blossoms and ferns. Ices andcakes' were served. About twentyfive guests were present.Miss Frances Jewell, Dean ofWomen at the University of Kentucky, has gone to New York Cityto attend the summer session ofColumbia University. Miss Jewell hasbeen coming to Paris for the last,r -nrooirs nnn ducting a class iortnoor in the interest of the extension work of the University.Mrs. Helen Davis Swearengenentertained last week at bridge inhonor of Miss Elizabeth Miller, ofAt?anta, Ga., guest of Mrs. IrehmdDavis. Following the games luncheon was served, consisting of salad.,stuffed tomatoes, sandwiches, olivesIced tea and mints. The .guests iwereMiss Charlotte Henry, Mrs. VirginiaDalby Miss Elizabeth Bedford Mr.gobert Johnson, Mrs. Ireland DavisMiss Elizabeth Miller .riavton, Mrs. John btuaii, iSriSt Kemper. Mrs. Mary . AUmitrhcraft, Mrs. Edward Pnchard,Mrs George Watkins, Mrs Lyons;GmX Mrs. Dan Peed, Jr., MissHONEY! HONEY!The nicest fresh honey in one-poun jou everaw. uoWflt) ny 0. P. COOK & CO.Just a few items picked at randomfrom our immense stock:Turkish Wash Rags 3 c, Ammonia8c Bottle, Odd Cups and Saucers, each5c; Tan, Green, Blue and White Window Shades, 25 inches wide, 6 footlong, each 49c; Room Lots WallPaper, 8 Rolls, Border to Match, 75ca room; large Bar White Serv-UsFloating Bath Soap, 5c; Toilet Paper,1,000' Sheets White Silk Tissue, 15ca roll; Darning Cotton, 240 yard3for 5c; China and Glass Cement, 5cBottle; White Enameled SteelPitchers, all sizes, Foot Tubs, BabyBath Tubs, Canned Heat CookingI Utensils, all sizes, used in the BedRoom, or out of doors, while traveling, camping, motoring, for instantcooking.The FairYou can'tfool yourselfto feel cool.You must dressthat way, andto that end wesuggest ourPalm Bnach Suitsin light colors.There is a widechoice of colorsand correcttailoring in ailstyles and sizes.MflMWUfflflIiIiIlIIIa11A11Melting inThis Torrid WeatherIs the way we expect our stock of summer merchanchandise to go during our presentClearance&3aleEvery Item IncludedNothing ExceptedStraw Hats$6.00 Values $3.95$5.00 Values $3.45$4.00 Values $2.95$3.00 Values $1.95Men's Suits$45.00 Values ,$31 .95$40.00 Values $26.95$35.00 Values $23.45$30.00 Values $21.45$25.00 Values $18.45$20.00 Values $ 1 4.45$18.00 Values $1 1.95Every one of these below cost andmarket price, to clear stock.EVERY PAIR OFShoes and Oxfords$12.50 Values $9.85$10.00 Values $7.45$8.50 Values $6.45$7.50 Values $5.95$6.00 Values $4.45$5,00 Values $3.95Boys' Suits$15.00 Values $10.95$13.50 Values $9.95$12.50 Values S8.95$10.00 Values $7,45$8.00 Values S6.45$7.00 Values $4.75REMARKABLE VALUESRemember, Every Article Underwear, Shirts? Caps, Overalls, Odd Trousers, Etc. Reduced to Rock Bottom Prices.LEWIS WOLLS1 1Twin Bros Clothingand Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at HomeCafii Our Store "Home"IMfflETOflffliiiiim mi iiiiii r tii i irv iiii mi wimm imp w tNow is the Time You NeedlTg-oflygBfeMaiwarA'vafflaR I FURNjTURand$15, $18and $20."4ftTwIf it cotttesfrom DacvisH is ridht -VUD0R SHADESand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind atGREATLY REDUCED PRICES.Make your selection to-day.SELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINPORCH SHADESColumbia Srafoiare the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic StopPlay Columbia Records on Columbia MacJbinesTHE J. T. HINT0"V PiEITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingrmas?ii .Vsets.iNV tr-nrXA SETTHE BOURBON NBWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'? .NEVER EXPECTEDTO SHELL BATCovington Woman's Eecovery Started"Neighbors To TakingTanlaeDetective Loose toLecture at Chautauqua.How sixty-four Diamonds behavedfor a well-known Virginia Utility Companymr"Since my remarkable recovery bytaking Tanlae a number of myneighbors are taking it, too," saidMrs. Margaret Hutchings, 511 Bake.ttU street, Covington, Ky," " "About six years ago my back,limbs'and joints got to hurting meand gradually grew worse until Icould not even get about the house"without using a stick for support.My back ached all the time and 1could not bend over and straightenup without suffering agony. Mydtomach was in awful condition, too,and nothing I ate agreed with me.I felt so miserable and so nervoustha.t I never expected to see a well.yIay agaifl."I never dreamed a medicine coulddo what Tanlae has done for me, andI am just a different person now.It benefited me in every way. Ihaven't an ache or a pain and IBleep and feel better than I have inyears. It is just grand." (adv)PAHISDECIDES IN EAVOR OFLONG SKIRTSA competent observer believes thatParis has decreed in favor of longerskirts and less exposure of the femaleform divine, because, where there isso much revelation, all mystery andall the charm that goes with mystery,disappears. We wish we could believe this explanation and were nottempted to suggest that, since fashion means principally a change andit was virtually impossible to shortenthe skirt, there was no alternativesave to make them longer. And further, is it because of the lure of mystery that all complexions these daysare artificial and show a doll-likeuniformity of whites and reds? Or isit a conspiracy for the benefit of thecosmetic dealers and contrivors, mostof whom, if they are not French, seekto convey an atmosphere all cfPrance? Whichever it is the returnto nature would be one popular fashion move we need not expect.Poultry and CalvesEstablished J 886.If You Ship By Truck Inrt On Delivery To Us.Simmons3 to 7 W. Water St.Jn response to the inquiry of many telephonesubscribers: "What can I do to help my seraiIce?' this advertisement is published.Autoists DestroyA Pole a DayIn .this section o? tgeState the telephone, company loses an average ofifa pole a day, 'due toaccidents.5'. jWorse still the destruction of a telepfionSpole usually means a serious interruptionto service.When there is a fcatrte br a Cable box ortJEe pole, the jiamage is likely to put 200'pr more telephones out of order for a day orjmore.Substantial.as tliey are the poles cannotwithstand the compact of an automobileSriven at HigK speed.SVe cannot control tKe reckless clrivliig,ijBut we can ask you to bear this in mind;wKen your Service is inteirupfed by an occurrence of tfiis kin3.ICUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAMD TELEGRAPH COMPANY1HARRY J. LOOSE.Harry J. Loose, who will lecture toRedpath Chautauqua patrons hereon "Crime Its Cause Practice andPrevention," has had a remarkablecareer as a detective. He served onthe famous Pinkespn forces, and madeintensive investigations for correctivelegislation for the Juvenile ProtectiveAssociation of Hull House, Chicago.Later, on an assignment for the Chicago Council Crime Committee, he collected and produced evidence thatproved the existence of the "System"in crime.The Loose lecture is thrilling, constructive and of practical value toevery community.This lecture will be given on thefourth afternoon of the Chautauqua.Hall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condition will notice that Catarrh bothersthem much more than when they are ingood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring1 normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.1 nu have had all the hard workand worry raising your poultryand calves and you should getall you can for them.You make all the In-between agent's orbuyer's profit by shipping direct to Simmons fc Norris you get highest prices,accurate weights, prompt remittances.Ship Poultry any day Calves any daytbut Saturday. Write for tags, and coops.& NorrisCINCINNATIautomobile and othesx JBy.? A.- 4Wfoi-J- w1&-FCROP PROSPECTS GOOD: BURLEYTOBACCO ACREAGE REDUCED(Monthly Business Review)Although crops in some localitieshave suffered from lack of sufficientrainfall, the outlook in general isvery good.Winter wheat harvesting has started in Southern Ohio' and present indications are that the crop in theNorthern part of the State will beready to cut about the first of themonth. Pennsylvania wheat hasbeen damaged somewhat by rust.The oats crop is reported to begrowing nicely, although rain isneeded in some localities.Corn planting has been practically,completed and in some sections considerable acreage is already undercultivation. A good stand is reported. Acreage in Burley tobacco hasbeen reduced and the farmers aremaking an effort to improve thequality of this year's crop. Weatherconditions have not been very favorable and planting was delayed somewhat. In spite of the fact that the farmer has been receiving very low pricesfor his products and has sufferedsome severe losses, he appears to havetaken the stand that good crops pro-Jduced at low cost will go far to offsetthe losses of last year.Tax the Women of Paris the SameAs ElsewhereHard to attend to household dutieswith a constant aching back.A woman should not have a bad'backAnd she seldom would if the kidneys were well.Doan's Kidney Pills are endorsedby thousands. Ask your neighbor.Have been used in kidney troubleover 50 years.Read what this Paris woman says:Mrs. J. R. Moore, 133 B. Eighthstreet, says: "I was in bad shapewith my kidneys a year ago. Myback nearly killed me with pain.There was a steady, dull ache justover my kidneys and I was weak andmiserable. , I often had to let myhousehold work go undone and Iwould get so dizzy that black speckscame before my eyes. My feet andankles swelled, too. I doctored for atime, but got no relief, so I finallybegan the use of Doan's Kidney Pill3.My health was greatly improved in ashort time and two boxes cured me.It is a pleasure for me to recammeid Doan's Kidney Pills."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney Temedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Moore had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oGIRL ANNOUNCES FOR CLERKMiss Fannie Dowden, of PaintLick, Ky., is a candidate on the Democratic ticket for county clerk cfGarrard county. Miss-Dowden is 22years old and was educated at BereaCollege. She has taught four publicschools in Garrard countv and isntpresent assistant cashier of thePaintULLo'LIF?HOUSEHOin CARES"We have used' the Diamond Tires and, after a thorough test,we believe that this tire is the best for our service. Ourtrucks cover more territory than any other trucks on thepeninsula. For your information, I might advise that thesetrucks, sixteen in number, take care of the territory fromFox Hill to Camp Morrison. They are operated in all kindsand conditions of weather and, all in all, I believe theDiamond tire is the best for our service."FRANK B. LAWTON,Newport News and Hampton Ry., Gas & Electric Co.,Newport News, Va.Buy Diamonds for economy. They are thereal thrift tires, and have been standardfor twenty-five years.The Diamond Rubber Company, Inc.Akron, OhioCORD JkMB FABRICDIAMONDBEDC. S. Ball GarageLOVELAND TO LECTUREAT CHAUTAUQUA"Perils of Democracy" Will Be- His Topic.Authoritative, Challenging Address Inspiring Sanity and SturdyAmericanism. f"The Perils of Democracy" will bethe subject of Dr. Frank L. Loveland'schallenging address at the coming Redpath Chautauqua. His lecture is theDR. FRANK L. LOVELAND.culmination of thorough investigations,both in America and in Europe.Into all of his utterances, DoctorLoveland injects an intense patriotismbased on a sturdy Americanism and asanity of vision that are stimulatingand refreshing.Doctor Loveland is so fired with histheme, and is so thoroughly the embodiment of that theme that he stirs thehearts of his hearers to new pride inthe past and new faith in the futurfcof America.Doctor Loveland's lecture fills a genuine need in tbese days of bafflingsocial and economic unrest.Dr. Loveland will deliver his lecture on the sixth afternoon of theChautauqua.O ;First Man Met Acts as Hot.vWithin the confines of Persia thertare many different people, but noneare more interesting than the semlayage though somewhat civilizedLuhrish tribesmen, who still survivein the mountain fastnesses. They area strange people, with laws and customs all their own. Murderous, quiteunmoral, and ruthless when they descend from the mountain sides into thevalleysto drive off any strangers whoapproach their borders, they are,nevertheless, the most hospitable ofpeople. ,,Improved Fire Hoee Coupling.Couplings for fire hose ,that aretightly locked by a quarter turn havebeen invented by a Massachusettsman.1 BKwra3Tbk'w1 Ig'ZJa'- WimalmBF! "' ,-t-UfJ MlI mfr BiTwenty-five boys of less' that 10years old served as soldiers in theRevolutionary War.AND GREY TUBESWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYXB5SCiXXEKX;sWW:IBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4xXXThe Bourbon Laundr jrParis,?X;IiIilOiE3!DMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSWt have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other toysleft over from tho holidays.Let Us Demonstrate the Golden-Throated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.WiMAIN STREETu- 3LaundryiWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.iIKentuckyXlaa-'"'' J11M1VACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.SPICEROFF. COURT HOUSE"TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1S2!TUB BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, nHTUOLlTAGANNOUNCEMENTSFOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator frojm theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thy.polls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEtWe are authorised to announce7JMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asandidat. for re-election as RepmmvUtiv from Bourbon Coumty intfc Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in the"Lower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of" thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,.1521.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCotmty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1821. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"QHmey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.n. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfuBy solicits your support and infuence. DaTid E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKW are authorised tc announcerfURCE PATON as a candidate' forfjerk. of the Bourbon County Court.sKpjeet to the Democratic primary1election, to be held on Saturday,lUgust C, 1)21.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.,OETTDTa isrro a pkohtable!4XAJJL&An Alaskan gold mining companyis engaged in remodeling its plantfor the purpose of manufacturingwood pulp for paper. Profits in goldproduction are too meager.On ore the possible profit is lessthan a dollar the ton. Profits inpaper have risen to as high as ? 80 aton. Takes a pretty smart gold mineto beat that. -Times change. The paper industry was developed to supply theprinting and publishing industry.Along with it grew the modestwrapping paper Industry, an admitted necessity. Wrapping paper waslargely' made from waste and re-usedmaterials, straw, etc. The use ofpaper in other lines has increasedTintil now it is said there are 1,500distinct articles manufactured in.this country from paper. Of thisgreat output three-fourths of theraw material must come from thesame source as that of the newspapers. Box ana carton manufacturers use three times the material required for the newspapers.Some genius a few years ago discovered that there was enoughIndian left in the majority of us topay three prices for our food, drugs,etc., if they were packed in gaudy,'expensive looking packages.So the paper situation has cometo be controlled by this big demand,which cares little about the price.While the newspapers struggle fortheir very lives, under present prices, the consumer continues to buywasteful packages, and growl aboutthe high cost of living.Cheap paper built this well-knownrepublic nothing else could havedone it. It is dangerous to tamperwith the only raw material possiblefor the printing and publishing interests. And when we are both murderingthe-nress and paving needlessly high? f- 11.. Mt1Sr-T V nAAitn flftts 14-would seem that the fool-killer isoverdue.oThe fox-tailed monkeyv of SouthCOL. ARMSTRONG'SCOMMENT DM CENSUS REPORT OFKENTUCKY HORSESTht Wir Department Is Intir-tsted In the Increase ofPure-Bred Horses-lip557,TmSmSSBSISBKSgXVKSasxsemS;; svervm1 i IBAmerica utters loud cries before sunTise and sunset.the primary election to be held onAugust 6, 1921.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnPester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. IIr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the voters-in his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O- BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourdon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe"are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the omceof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKTE SDDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.9FOR MAGISTRATEWe are authorized to announceFRANK P. LOWRY, of Paris, as acandidate for Magistrate from theParis precinct in the Bourbon FiscalCourt, subject to the action 'of theDemocratic voters at the primaryelection on August 6, 1921.FOR MAYORWe are authorized to announce E.B. JANUARY as a candidate for reelection as Mayor of the City ofParis. Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic party, primary election August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic voters miha nrlmnrv election. AUgUSt 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN MERRINGBR as a candidatefor Mayor of the City of Paris, Kentucky, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary to be held onSaturday, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Mayor of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters inthe primary election on August 6,1Q01We are authorized to aanounce D.C. PARRISH as a canaioape iur tucDemocratic nomination for .Mayorof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toFOR COUNCILMANYv7e are authorized to announceGEORGE D. SPEAKES, of Paris, asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August C,1921.We are authorized to announceWALLACE W. MITCHELL, of Paris,as a candidate for the Democraticnomination for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceDR. WM. KENNEY, of Paris, as acandidate for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceFRANK SKDLLMAN, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceR. C. RUGGLES, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceCURTIS HENRY, of Paris, as a candidate for Counciman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters of theto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on Auugst 6, 1921.we are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominetion for Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefcr Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. WILLIAMS, as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES W. CONNELL, as a candididate for Councilman from the FirstWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceFRANK P. KISER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary elecion, .on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceBERNARD J. SANTEN as a candidate for Councilman from the beconawnrd of the Citv of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democraticvoters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefnr nminftilmiin from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic vuiers at the" primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJ T. TUCKER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Third Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary election on August 6, 19 Ji.W nrA authorized to announceCLAUDE F. REDMON as a candidatefor Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6,1921. ,"There is tbe utmost need incountry today of Increasing theber of pure-bred horses, pariicuZarijtboaa of the thoroughbred type, oqwhich the War Department must dmpend for Its cavalry momka in caseroinational emergency.'"The above is a passage from thestatement by C6L Frank S. Armstrong,Chief of the U. S. Army Remount Service, relative to the 1920 census of Kentucky horses.The uneasiness of practical, p&trkotic men like Colonel Armstrong oveithe situation was amply justified bythe lesson of the last great war, whichso strikingly demonstrated the valueof the horse in connection with modern warfare and revealed what wouldhave become a pitiful shortage, hadthe Germans held out only a very fewweeks longer than they did.Nor must we forget the importanceof breeding better horses more extensively in times of peace. Better bredhorses mean better work horses; better prices for them, and a readier market.The 1920 census figures indicate thatKentucky, as usual, will lead her sister states as to both number and classof horses, but even we are far fromapproaching what should be our quotain either count.Colonel Armstrong's statement infull is as follows:"Despite the very small amount olpure-bred stock, as compared with thetotal number of horses in the state, Ibelieve that, when similar figures fatthe other states become available, acomparison of all will show that Kentucky still holds its rank as the foremost state in producing thoroughbreds."The relatively small percentage ofthoroughbreds and of other classes olpure-bred stock included in the totalnumber of horses in Kentucky, is ageneral, and not a local, situation, andthe other states probably will showeven smaller percentages. The sameconditions, I am told, prevail with livestock other than horses, though probably not to the same extent as withthe latter. The census report upholdsand justifies the position taken by theAmerican Remount Association thatthere is the utmost need in this country today of increasing the number olpure-bred horses, particularly those ofthe thoroughbred type, on which theWar Department must depend for itscavalry mounts in case of nationalemergency, and which it met withgreat difficulty in procuring in sufficient numbers during the recent war.The national need of upbuilding andincreasing American thoroughbredhorses can not, in my opinion, be overemphasized."-a ,V15imo $ovKjum,iijBsW.nothing for showTHAT'S OUR IDEA in makingCAMELS the Quality Cigarette.(Why, just buy Camels and look at the package!It's the best packing science has devised to keepcigarettes fresh and. full flavored for your taste.Heavy paper outside secure foil wrapping insideand the revenue stamp over the end to seal the package and keep it air-tight.'And note this ! There's nothing flashy about theCamel package. No extra wrappings that do notimprove the smoke. 3)Tot a cent of needless expense$hat must come out of the quality of the tobacco.Camels wonderful and exclusive Quality wins onmerit aloneBe'cdifee, men smoke Camels who want thetaste and fragrance eff the finest tobaccos, expertlyblended. Men smoke Camels for Camels smootn,refreshing mildness and their freedom from cigaretiy aftertaste.Camels are made for men who think for themselves.iMH k f ;Pa lirV15S? ATX I4"JH.F'sy&Pi?a,t'FSftfrrTLV " lnlnjMJ. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, WinstonS2HS2Sggn!sr7grrey?sra' ti KeHk h&5hB SeH fl i KLSalem, H. C, flmmr mrimrmn mi urrtaw1' (K iSUGAR COATED PILLS OF WISDOMCORNSLift Off with Fingersi'f '(By Aesop, Jr.)A sleeping mouse gathers no bigeats. INight is right for "Mice in Coun-1cil."A waltzing mouse that hesitates jnear a cat is lost. jA mouse in a girl's silk stockingis worse than two in her hand. 'Adventure for the mouse maymean lunch for the cat.Perhaps we have mice to thank, orspank, for women's short skirts.The "Mice in Council" should1worry if the proposal to "bell" thecat didn't go over. It isn't the firsttime that a proposal failed to "ring"a belle.When a swan calls his sweetie a"little mouse" no wonder she squirmsand sometimes "saueals." . . iJust because a girl wears a mousecolor skirt it doesn't mean that shewon't lift it at the sight of a mouse,Many a mouse thinks he's the."cheese" until the trap snaps. jNo wonder the "Mice in CouncilnrnnmiishGd nothing but talk,'since all the mice came in with theirWhy not let the "Mice in Council" debate about the league of rations? Who could better qualify todiscuss cheesy bait than the littletrap-dodgers?Purr-pie is a pretty color tone butit sounds catty to a mouse.It's a wise old mouse that keepsout of a' trap.A little mousing now and xnen isrelished by the beat of cats.k7c6THEU N.IXEIRS'ACXRFord SedanAlways a Handsome Car of Comfort and RefinementIS MORE THAN EVER THE CAR FORSocial Iifein City and CountryCome in and let us take your orderfor one of these handsome cars andyou will never regret it.Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Preezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druererisf sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andiho enruses, without soreness or irlitalKD. Cad.OoChange of Trade.Some years ago a cotton man inquired at a large bank regarding hisnote, which the bank held for a sizable -amount. "Yes," remarked anofficer, "it falls due tomorrow, and weexpect it will be paid." The cottonman made no reply tor a mviueui.,then asked abruptly, "What is yourbusiness?" "Why, I am a banker,"was the surprised response. "Well,"mused the cotton man, "tom'orrow yonare going to be a cotton merchant"New York Times.BWGHTEK!j$vjvm.Character Tags.A. professor say that a man's charmtter la shown in little things, suchas by the way he 'carries his umbrella. Also, ws may add, by the wayhe carries off your mnbrtUa. Bosten1 TranscriptJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSwm her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She grreeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does "oassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home hrightjJuit presses a hnttonAnd has Electrio light.RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYJoin the Bourbon Boosters TripJuly 19th'Paris Gas & Electric Co..iJbr(Incorporate).-XBecome a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on amonthly payment plan.YIELD 7.6iWe pay 6 per cent, interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Federal Income Tax and the Kentucky State4-mill tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Company(Incorporate in Ktntncky) v156 Wert Main St. Lexington, Ky.ti.Vf!Iiik'i v's.' APAGETHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 11, lilt ' 1XLiM1LLERSBURG MATRIMONIAL.Mrs. B. W. Wood is on the sicklist.Miss Lois Ingels is visiting relatives in Eminence.Miss Margaret Hook, of Augusta,is a guest of Miss Martha Jones.Mrs. Rebecca White, of Lexington, is visiting her brother, Chad.Martin.Mrs. Mary Sue Hood, of Nepton,is visiting her sister, Miss Mattie McIntyre. vMrs. Mary Welch has returedfrom a visit with her mother atFrankfort.Miss Katherine Judy is visitingher aunt, Mrs. Carl Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind.Miss Elizabeth Conway, of Atlanta, Ga., is visiting her aunt, Mrs.C. W. Gorrington.Mrs. C. B. Poer and babe, of Covington, are visiting her parents, Mr.and Mr. J. A. Farris.The Sunday school class of Mrs.Mary Huffman enjoyed an outing atBlue Licks, Saturday.J. B. Cray, G-. W. Judy and wifeattended the funeral of T. C. Colliver,in Carlisle, Saturday morning.Miss Hattie Wood left yesterdayfor a two-weeks' vacation. She willvisit Louisville and other points.Dr. A. B. Plummer attended theKentucky Veterinary Associationmeeting at Danville the past week.Miss Lida Rice has returned toher home at Hutchison, after a visitwith her sister, Mrs. F. E. Peterson.FOR SALE3 A No. 1 good piano.Has been used very little, and is ingood condition. Call Home PhoneNo. 14.Mrs. Frank Bedford, who taughtin the High School, has returned toher home in Lexington to spend thesummer.Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Wilson, ofCincinnati, O., have returned homeafter a visit with the latter's mother,Mrs. Jennie Letton.The remains of Mr. G-. W. Bramblett. who died at St. Joseph Hospitil, Lexington, was brought to thehome of his daughter, Mrs. OlliePotts, Sunday. Funeral at 10:00o'clock this morning followed by burial at Sharpsburg.The store room recently vacatedby Ingels Bros, is undergoing repairsand being fitted up for a pictureshow, having been leased by Mr.Tone Zoellers, of Cincinnati. Mr.Zoelers comes to us highly recommended as a wide-awake pictureshow man. He has interests in several surrounding towns, also in Cincinnati. cGAHTBILL CELEBRATES HISThe following1 handsomely-engravedannouncements have beenissued:"Mrs. James Perry Hutchcraftannounces the marriage of herdaughterMary AllentoMr. Owen Turner GibsonSaturday, July the ninth,one thousand, nine hundred adtwenty-oneParis, Kentucky."The following announcementshave been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. John Ernest Erdmanannounce the marriage of theirdaughterCarolyntoMr. John Lawrence PrughOn Monday, the twentieth of JuneOne thousand, nine hundred andtwenty-oneCincinnati, 0.""At Home1408 Forest Avenue,Chicago."ALwrlOG(OPERA HOUstA I J2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30KUNTZ PARKERMiss Ruth E. Kuntz, of Covington, and Alex. Ross Parker, of Pineville, were married in Paris at thehome of the officiating minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of thJParis Christian church. Mr. Parker motoredfrom Pineville to Covington and returned to Paris with his bride-to-be.Following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Parker left for Lexington, wherethey will reside for a while at theLafayette Hotel and will then go toPineville to reside, where Mr. Parker is engaged in business.EEETY-rmST BIRTHDAYJames Campbell Cantrill, ofGeorgetown, Seventh District Representative in the National House ofRepresentatives since 1909, was 51vears old Saturday. He was born in . will reside.Two Days Tuesday Wednesday, July 12th and 13th Two DaysTODAY AND TOMORROW 'The Most Notable Screen Ever Produced. Robertson-Cole PresentsOTIS SKINNER A "Kismet"BY EDWARD KNOBLOCK DIRECTED BY GASNIERThe Arabian Nights Come to Life in All Their Mystery, Romance andWhimsical HumorDirected by a master and played by the greatest cast ever assembled, in settings of remarkable realism andmagnificence. Mr. Skinner's screen debut in his greatest stage success is the most important acquisition in thetremendous history of motion picture art.Internationally successful, the stage of KISMET will never die. The screen version is a memorial to itsgreatness.No Advance In PricesADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cJHAEPNER BUSS -Robt. Hough Bliss, 26 and MissMargaret Haefner, 28, both givingNorwood, O., as their place of residence, came to Paris yesterday morning, and secured a marriage licensefrom County Clerk Pearce Patol .They were married later at the resJdence of the officiating minister, Rev.C. H. Greer, pastor of the Paris Methodist church. After pronouncing theceremony, which changed her nameto Bliss, Rev. Greer told the bridethat her name being Bliss and herhoneymoon being in the Bluegrass,she was truly in a blissful state. Mr.and Mrs. Bliss will tour the Bluegrass region before returning to Norwood to reside.DEATHS.COLLINS DANIELMiss Rosa Collins, formerly ofMillersburg, later engaged in business for several years in Carlisle, wasmarried last week at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. B. B. Hester, in Carlisle, to Malcolm Daniel,of Columbus, Ohio. Immediately after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Daniel left for Columbus, where theyPOWERSThe body of Miss Anna Powers,a former resident of Millersburg,who died in Colorado, last week, wasbrought to Millersburg, where the interment took place in the MillersburgCemetery. Services were conductedat the grave by Dr. C. C. Fisher,president of Millersburg College.Miss Powers is survived by her sister, Miss Mattie Powers, who accompanied the body to Millersburg.BOOST FOR UCKING VALLEYHIGHWAYGeorgetown, July 9, 1879, and waseducated at Georgetown College. Mr.Cantrill, the son of Judge James B.Cantrill, has been active in politicssince 1897, when he was elected tothe Lower House in the GeneralAssembly, and has been one of theleader in the organization of burleytobacco growers in Kentucky.8It00100All OurStraw Bats$2.00Light Colored PalmBeach and all KoolCloth Suits$10.00J-Collar-AttachedShirts$1 to $3.50Shantung SilkShirts$5.00Wash Ties25c, 50c, 75c$1.00Price & Co.Clothiersand FurnishersThe bridegroom is engaged in therailroad business in Columbus. Thebride is a very handsome young woman, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E.B. Collins, of Carlisle, and hasmany friends in Paris and Millersburg, who wish her all happiness inher married life.HUTCHCRAFT GIBSONThe marriage of Miss Mary AlllnHutchcraft and Mr. Owen TurnerGibson, both of Paris, was quietlysolemnized at the home of the bride'smother, Mrs. James Perry Hutchcraft, in East Paris, Saturday afternoon at 5:30 o'clock, Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch, officiating. The attendantswere Mr. and Mrs. Robt. M. Johnson,of Paris. Besides these the onlyothers were members of the immediate families.Following the wedding ceremonyjand receiving congratulations andbest wishes, Mr. and Mrs. Gibson lertfor an automobile trip, to spend theirhoneymoon in visiting noted placesof interest in the East. On their return they will make their home withthe bride's mother, in East Paris.The bride is the daughter of Mrs.J. Perry Hutchcraft, her father, nowdeceased, having for many years beenin the Government service as storekeeper and gauger in this revenuedistrict. She is a fine type of thesplendid womanhood that has madethe Bluegrass region famous theworld over, a graduate of the ParisHigh School, and a young woman ofunusual business qualihcations. Jborseveral years she has been cashier mthe dry goods establishment of Frank& Co., in this city, where her pleasing disposition' and gracious mannersmade her a host of warm friends.She is a sister of Winn Hutchcraft,of the L. & N. ticket office in Paris,and of Davis Hutchcraft, now engaged on one of the daily papers inTampa, Florida. Mr. Gibson is oneof the popular young business menof Paris. He saw service overseasfor eleven months during the worldwar in France and Germany. Hehas for several years been connectedwith the Paris postoffice as rural mailcarrier, and following his return fromoverseas has been engaged in the automobile business here, being connected with the White Front Garage,on Main street.BARTONMrs. Ella Vane Barton, agedsixty-seven, wife of J. D. Barton, ofnear Millersburg, died Saturday afternoon at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, following a protracted illness from a complication ofdiseases. Besides her husband she issurvived by two sons, H. J. Barton,of near Paris, and J. H. Barton, ofnear Carlisle.The body was taken to the Republican church, in Harrison county,where the funeral was held at threeo'clock Sunday afternoon. The burialfollowed in the Republican churchburying ground.Tourists and automobile travelersbetween Lexington and Cincinnati report to local garages that the bestToad between Cincinnati and Lexington is through Alexandria, Butler,Falmouth, Cynthiana and Paris. Thisis a decided boost for the LickingValley Highway, an enterprise inwhich Paris and Bourbon county people are greatly interested.QUICK ACTION SAVE NICHOLASCOUNTY TOWNSTRAY FORD POUNDThe Falmouth Outlook says: "Mr.and Mrs. Frank Cushman awoke theother morning and found a Fordtouring car parked in their sideyard. It stood there for several daysand they became puzzled. It was notSanta Claus season and they beganto think that someone had played ajoke on them. However, after alapse of several days a man fromNorth Middletown, Ky., cameFalmouth and claimed the car."The village of Barterville probablywas saved from a ruinous fire by thequick work of William Earlywine,whose attention was attracted by aflickering light in the general store.He secured a key, knocked down aflaming kerosene lamp and hurled itfrom the door a second before it exploded and showered the road withburning oil.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEMARKET REVIEW;LIVESTOCK DEALSHenry S. Caywood, of North Middletown, shipped from Paris, Friday,to Swift & Co., Chicago, eighty-fourhead of fine export cattle, purchasedfrom John M. Clay. The cattle averaged 1,454 pounds, and broughtto ,$7.50 per hundred pounds,J of ?9,160.20.The generally hot weather existing throughout the country ha3caused more than a normal seasonaldecrease in the total production ofeggs, butter and cheese, and this,coupled with the good demand forthese products has produced highermarket values.The movement of spring chickens,as is natural at this time of the year,is increasing.Careful handling in the productionand marketing of poultry, eggs andbutter by the producer, especiallyduring the heated season, contributes to improved products, bettervalues and better satisfaction to theultimate consumer.HAIL STORMS COMINGTOBACCOBY HAILINSURE YOURAGAINST DAMAGEtotal STORMS WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.COUNTY COURT ORDERSIn the County Court, Judge Geo.Batterton appointed Leslie Wheeleras administrator, with will annexed,of the estate of the late Mrs. HughD. Campbell. Mr. Wheeler acceptedthe trust and qualified by furnishingbond in the sum of $10,000. Mr.Wheeler was also appointed administrator of the estate of the late Mrs.William Campbell, and qualified byfurnishing bond in the sum of $10,000. He also qualified in the sumof $1,000, without surety as executor of the estate of the late Mollie L.Wheeler.o .The English police force is practically the only one in the worldthat is not: armed.oAll the leading college,, or pharmacy in England have women ontheir teaching staffs.BRAMBLETTEGeorge W. Bramblette, for manyyears a farmer in Bourbon and Nicholas county, lately residing nearWinchester, died in the St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, Sundaymorning, following an operation performed Saturday.Mr. Bramblette was at one timeone of the wealthiest men in theState owning large bodies of timberand mineral lands in the mountains.He had for several years been engaged in farming near Winchester.He is survived by his widow, whowas formerly Miss Elizabeth Ralls,of near Sharpsburg; two daughters,Mrs. Ollie Potts, of Millersburg, andMrs. Carrie Potts, of Winchester; twograndchildren, George and MildredPotts, who lived at Mr. Bramblette'shome.The body was taken to the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. Potts, in Millersburg. The funeral will be held atthe residence in Millersburg, at nineo'clock, this (Tuesday) morning,with services conducted by Rev. W.J. Slater, pastor of the MillersburgChristian church. The interment willtake place in the Sharpsburg Cemetery. The pall-bearers will be:Samuel Booth, Jos. D. Booth, MackGrimes, James Ralls, Clarke Bascomand Dave Clark.BUCHANANMrs. Clarence Buchanan, agedeighteen, a native of Belgium, died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, at three o'clock, yesterdaymorning, after a short illness following an operation performed for therelief of appendicitis. Mrs. Buchananhad been in the institution but ashort time, the operation having beenperformed a few days ago. The bodywas taken to the home of Charles A.Buchanan, in Thornton Division.Before, her marriage to Mr. Buchanan she was Mile Fernande Gego, anative of Mont-sur-Marchienne, Belgium. While a member of the American Expeditionary Forces in France,Mr. Buchanan met the young womanin Belgium, and was married after aromantic courtship. She was a daughter of M. and Madam Alexandre LiseGego, of Belgium, who now reside inParis, France. Her death in a foreign land, thousands of miles awayfrom home and home ties was a peculiarly sad one, and has enlisted thesympathy of the entire communityfor the young husband.The' funeral will be held at fouro'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. C. H.Greer, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.1oThere are more than 82,000 GirlScouts in 47 States and 1,184 citiesof the United States.oOf the $32,000,000 expended or afirst-class battleship, $21,000,000 isfor the machinery. t jjOHR GREAT SALENow Going OnBrand New Summer FootwearThe very latest styles in White Canvas Tan andBlack Kid Leathers at prices lowest in years.Buy now at this economy sale and save realmoney.Just a Few of the Great Values on SaleSPECIALune Lot Ladies' tsiack Oxtords t t fValue $5.00, for vblaUULadies' Tan and Black Kid EnglishLace Oxfords, $6.00 values now . .$3.49Ladies7 Beautiful newest Brown Kid Strapand Lace Oxfords, values to $6.50. On saleS3.99WHITE FOOTWEAR! A wonderful selection.-Specirl big values. Canvas Lace Oxfords and Straps. On saleS1.99Men's Shoes and OxfordsAt a Wonderful SavingMen's Tan Ventilated LaceOxfords. Cool and Comfortable. On sale$1.99Men's $3,00 Shoes on sale$1.99Tan English and Blucherstyle. Rubber heels, $7.00values. On sale$3.99A lot of Misses' and Children's $3.00 Slippers on saleS1.99feY JmDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Ecoaomy Rqgntt&A '-.,"?, ftg4Wa.7& ,?"5. " t"V