. , W ,, "-fciill I I ! v tf-'Wf Kiw lrv'm kl.JIS' Ih!$;-,H ?-.5h1t" .' .PUBLISHED M TUESDAY AND-dHUDY itfTHE YEARJ-.fvVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER S, 1921ST IXaW 31. . -aiil r , ., .MT - ' safeI.1 r759v-Xft--JfcTOSATS WRONG WEEK THE TELEPHONE SERVICE, A long-suffering public, especiallylhat part of it which has to dependon the telephone to a great extentin the transaction of daily business,' is -wondering what is the matter withthe service rendered (or not render-. ($) by 'the Cumberland Telephone-Co., to its local patrons. And th3" complaint, which seems to be uni-ersal, seems well founded.Many times THB'NEWB has putcalls for local service, and couldot even get central, much less getthe party wanted. Other businessnen have made the same remark tolis. There is something radically"wrong. One prominent businessman, a man whose word is absolutelyunimpeachable, told THE NEWSjthe other day, that, about 11:30'o'clock, on that certain morning hecalled central for the purpose cfmaking an important business engagement, and could get no responsefrom the operators. He called repeatedly until nearly twelve o'clock,when the operator finally answeredwith: "Have you been ringing?"These state of affairs could, be citedin a number of instances. What isthe matter, Central?LEFT E00T CUT OFFIsaac Morrison, a young white boy,of Cvnthiana. suffered the loss ofHiis left foot in the Lousiville andNashville railroad yards at thispoint, Wednesday night, when thamember was run over by a freighttrain..Morrison, who is employed by Dr.Appel, veteriniary surgeon and horseman, of Cynthiana, was on the train.and alighted when the train reachedthe junction near the limits of theSouth Paris yards. In attemptingjto board the train again as it got to a company of Paris men, whounder headway. Morrison missed his wni continue the business under thefooting and fell, the wheels of sev- firm name of The High Street Moe'rals cars passing over his foot. Ratf- Uor Co.' road officials rushed the boy in an j The new company , will continueamublance to the Massie Memorial the business under the same lines,Hospital, where he was given medi- and in addition, will have the agencycal attention. His parents, who ro- for. the Dodge Brothers Automobiles..side in Cynthiana. were notified of Watch for the announcement of thethe accident to their son, and came new company. .to his bedside in an auto. He w&s oSreported last night as dojngwery"well.SEED WHEAT POR SALEBEARDED EULTZ SEEffWHEAT,PHONE, CUMBERLAND 540NIGHT, 997 DAY. OLD R, B."HUTCHCRAPT ELEVATOR STAND.COLLIER BROS.aWe Know How"The College BoyFTER all,Ais the keenest critic ofclothes. He knows what'snm?what in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inGreatest Favor withthe College Men All :Over America?Not only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. Weare ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college.Stetson Hats for FallIn All the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andir Odd PantsjMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOutfitters to MenSTETSON HATSWORK PROCEEDINGRAPIDLYHenry Bickel & Co., contractors,are making fine progress in the reconstruction of High and intersecting streets in this city, betweenFourth and Fourteenth. The workis being pushed systematically, andevery moment Is made to count. TheInterurban tracks have been relaidas far as Sixth streets, arid the remainder of the distance will be.graded for the reception of the trackby the end of the week or the firatof next week. The side streets;with the exception of Eighth, havebeen regraded, and the concrete baseput down, so as to harden as rapidlyas possible before the top coatingis applied. '"Wjhen this work is completedLParis will have a system of streetsin as fine condition as those of anycity its size in the State.oHOME-GROWN WATER MELONSAND CANTELOTJPESWe are having the nicest homegrown watermelons and cantaloupesthat you ever saw. They are ripe,juicy and fresh from the patch everyay. Let us fill your orders.(It) ' C. P. COOK & CO.oPALL OPENINGTHE LEADER ANNOUNCESiqHftlft JtAidj urJJMix vn xjdluxwo-BAY NEXT; SEPTEMBER HF-TEENTH. A DISPLAY OE NEWMERCHANDISE MUXED WITHJO0D MUSIC BY THE BOUREONORCESTRA.BUSINESS CHANGES HANDSThe Peed & Gougless Garage, ding business at the corner of Fourthand High, sold their place this weekpay YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsavfs you money.I PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.I (l-3t) (Incorporated) Tthe College Boy-vi iNETTLETON SHOES.STREETHfoBURttEt MABKETI1WK PLANISBOUND TO SUCCEEDNo great public movement evermet with so enthusiastic a welcomein Kentuckyand iii Bourbon county,especially, as the Sapiro plan of marketing tobacco, known locallv as theCo-operative Burley Tobacco Marketing plan. All over the Bluegrass reports are to the effect that it will beeasy to sign the' required minimum ofseventy-five per cent, of the crop.There has been no real opposition;onlythe chronic waiters and thosewho want the other fellow to takethe lead, object to signing the agreement. The press is a unit in its support of the proposition, the merchantswith whom the farmer deals all wantto see it a success, and the growerswho are the real leaders of thought(in their community the pushing thomovement witn ail tneir mignt.The farmer is essentially a businessman, and he is a better one thanmany will credit him with being.He sees a good thing when it is 3etbefore him. Many other co-operativemovements have been tried in Kentucky, and "most of them have failedbecause they did not after the organization follow the great fundamental principles of business. That iswhat this plan contemplates; an airtight organization of tobacco growersdoing business as a unit, demandinga fair price for the labor of raisingand handling tobacco and getting aprice for the reason that all the Burley tobacco will be in its own hands.The recalcitrant and week-kneedbrother will have a hard time backingout of a 5-year contract, and the oldtimer who sticks to the end on everygood thing will have protection.For the remainder of this week theorganization committee of the Bourbon County Co-operative TobaccoMarketing Asociation will make astrong drive to sign up every growerin the county. More than one-halfthe minimum necessary has alreadybeen secured. If you are a growerof tobacco get in with your friendsand work for your common interest.Let your mottoes be "Sign, brothers,sign" and "Stick, brother, stick."ATTENTION, TOBACCO' GBOWEBS.ALL WHO ABE DESIROUS OPSIGNING THE CO-OPBEATIVEBUBLEY TOBACCO MABEETINGASSOCIATION CONTRACT AREASKED TO CALL AT THE OFFICEAT THE COURT HOUSE, WHERETHEY WILL BE BECEIVED WITHALL COURTESY. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE EVERONE IN PERSON. IF YOU ARE INTERESTEDIN THE CONTRACT TO THAT EXTENT. CALL AT THE OFFICE 'ANDSIGNUP. .(26-tfBASE BALLThe Christians defeated the Piesbyterian team in the Church Leagueseries at the Second street park yesterday afternoon by a score of 9 to 2.The next game of the series will boplayed . Tuesday afternoon betweenthe Methodist and Christian team-.The League standing:WMethodist 2Christian 2 -Presbyterian 1Baptist 0L0122Pr Ca..1000.666.333.000COMMERCIAL CLUB' ADOPTS RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECTThe following resolutions on theloss of John T. Collins have been re-pprted by a committee of the PansCommercial Club: .i'W'hereas, It has pleased AlmightyGod to take' from our midst our mostdistinguished citizen and the ''fiistpresident of our association, Mr.John T. Collins, and"Whereas, The present prosperityand effectiveness of our organizationis due to the unselfish public spiritand untiring efforts of Mr. Collins,and"Whereas, The entire State andespecially Bourbon county, has suffered an irreparable loss from hisdeath; now be it"Resolved, That the Paris Comonercial Club hereby expresses itsdeep appreciation of the many evidences in our community of the distinguished services of this great citizen and extends to his family thesincere sympathy of all the membersof the Paris Commercial Club and ofthe entire citizenship of our county,. "EDWARD BURKE,"A. B. HANCOCK,"BUCKNER WOODFORD.. "Committee."MONTGOMERY COUNTY GROWERS '"GO OVER TOP"Montgomery county has joined thefanks of those counties which havesigned seventy-five per cent, or moreof their tobacco crop to the marketing plan of the Burley Growers' Cooperative Association. Clark B. Pat-I terson said that the workers in Montgomery would continue their campaign until ninety-five per cent, ofthe acreage in the county is,, securedfr the association. , ' -fBETTER ' SCHOOL. WEEK".iINBOURBON COUNTY ,The" "Better School Week" program in Bourbon, countv startedSunday night at the Methodistchurch, where Dr. "Wfm. R. Campbell,president of the Kentucky Wesleyan.Colllege, at .Winchester, delivered an.eloquent address to an. audience thatfilled the auditorium. v 'Rev. C. H.Greer, pastor of the church, presid-ed at themeeting, and a musical program of unusual interest was rendered by thje choir.On Monday night at eight o'clock,the program was continued at theNorth Middletown Graded Schoolbuilding, where instructive and ahleaddresses were delivered by Rev. T.S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church, and Prof. Wellington Patrick, of the University ofKentucky. The building was crowdedto the capacity with an audienceinterested in the work and progressof education.Tuesday night, at the Clintonvilleschool house, addresses in the interest jof better schools and schoolwork were delivered by Rev. FrankM. Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church, and Dr. T.B. McCartney, of Transylvania College. Mr. Ernest Darnaby, memberof the Bourbon County Board of Education, presided. As at the othermeetings, this was well-attendedand great interest manifested. 'One of the banner meetings of theseries, was that held at MillersburWednesday, when the principalspeakers were Dr. C. C. Fisher, president of the Millersburg College,and Dr. George Ragland of Lexington. Prof. J. Wilbur Lancaster,superintendent of the Millersburg'Graded Schools, presided. A largeaudience was present.Last night the educational meeting in the interest of better schoolswas held at Center-Hill Consolidated School building, near Oenterville.Miss Susie Clay, teacher in the countyschools, presided. The principal addresses were delivered by Rev. W S.Cain, rector of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, of Paris, and Dr. John L.Hill, of Georgetown College. ThjV7.meeting was also an enthusiasticone, the addresses of the speakeisbeing listened to with the closest attention. Friday, September 9 th, educationalmeeting at Hutchison Methodistchurch, Stop 37, Mrs. Robt. BeH.pre;siding. Prof. J. Virgil Chapman willbe the speaker.Saturday, September 10th, educational meeting at Little Rock, Prof.B. M. Roberts piesiding. Rev. Russell and Prof. Wellington Patrick,of State University, wlil be thespeakers.Bourbon county is well organized,and piospects are good for large audiences to hear the splendid speakers at every meeting. Each educational division in. the county willsend delegations of interested citizensto- each meeting. The State Educational program will be intelligentlypieseflted to the entire county. TheParis papers and. the Paris depart-'ments of the Lexmgtdn papers havebeen liberal in giving publicity tothe State program and to the countymeetingsfMrs. Robert Bell, County Attendance Officer, calls attention of parentsto the fact that a recent decision oftheUnited States Supreme Court wasto the effect 'that the attendance lawrequiring all children between theages of seven and sixteen to attendschool five day- during the week, hasbeen upheld, and. states that no working permits will be granted this yearand rio exceptions lecognized.SPECIALpeaches; baches, PEACHES.100 BUSHELS OF PEACHES ANDPEARS- TO-DAY '.REACHES . . . .$3.50 AND $3.75 BU.PEABS $3.00 PERBU.lriv PAY MORE WHEN WEHAVE THE BEST ..PARIS BAKING COMPANY:(it) I. L. GLASS, PROP.TR0WN FROM MACHINEMrs. Mary Brock, of Clark county,who, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Clarence Roe, near Stony Point, wasthrown from an automobile in frontof the Roe residence, and severelyinjured. Her Tight arm was broken,left shoulder dislocated, and she received 'severe bruises about the faceand head. Mrs. Brock- was givenmedical attention and. made as comfortable as possible, k'NEW DIRECTORY ISSUED 'THE BOURBON NEWS Job Roomshas just completed and delivered ccthe Carlisle Home Telephone, Co., thenew directory for that city, comprising forty-two pages. The jobwas executed in record time and is,as a matter 'of course, an exceUents .orviiPni -and mechan-ical work. The directory- was distributed to patrons of the Nicnoia icounty exchanges thia weei ;1,.tY. M. C. A. NOTESThe championship swimming meet:held at the rT" Monday night wasa great success, and was witnessedby a large crowd of spectators. Thisevent wilt be held annually hereafter and will increase interest mswimming.Twenty-one of the best swimmersin the county were participants.Medals were awarded the winner ineach division. rSeveral good records were set in theraces, and several new aquatic marvels were discovered who will bestrong runners for honors next year.The final results are as follows:Girls 15 and over, Virginia Cahal,13 points, Edna Rose, 11 points. Silver medal, Virginia Cahal.Boys 10 to 12. Wm. O'Neill, 15points, Thos. Hubbard, 7 points, SimLevy,. 5 points, A. J. Hornback, 4points. Wm. O'Neill, silver medal.Boys, 14 to 16, Harry Tucker, 25points, Chas. Cahal, 8 points, Blanton Collier, 5 points, Robt. McCarty,4 points, Ray Cahal, 3 points. HarryTucker, silver medal.Boys 17 and 18, Robt. Meglone,20 points, Albert Wright, 19 points,J. T. Knox, 6 points. Meglone, silver medal.Men, 18 to 25, Leslie O'Neill, 30points, Cletis Chipley 11 points, ReneClark, 7 points, Nobert Friedman,4 points. Leslie O'Neill, silver medal.The fall program at the Y. M. C.A. promises to bethe fullest in thehistory of the organization. Withthe opening qf school the boys' gym-rnasium classes begin. High Schoolfootball practice began Tuesdaywith physical- director Sheffield asas coach for the third year. Themen's gymnasium classes will beginMonday, September 19. .The BoyScouts will meet Friday, September9. Early in October it is planned tohave on Opera House night with aiconcert by the Boys' Band, volliyftall, gymnastics and gymnasiumgames.Mrs. Carl Crawford has returnedXrom Graham Springs and assumedactive charge of the dining room.WARREN STILL GRUMPYEditor Warren E. Fisher, of thaCarlisle Mercury, hasn't fully recovered from the effects; of "several automobile rides over Paris streets. Inthe last issue of The Mercury, hewrites:"If the promoters, of the BlueGrass Fair had only persuaded theParis City Council to install an automobile ferry to float the cars fromthis section through the streets ofthat thriving village, no telling howmany attendance records would havebeen broken at Lexington."574ii44ii;.l4.2itfilx.ii..i..pMiiii.i.iiitiwi..x..iMi.iil-ii'l''4iI"ti'I'4,4,,tllIllI''l''t''l 'lit 'FRANK&CO. i!LADIES' OUTFITTERSMr-Just Received'Another ShipmentofbeautifulIn AH the 'Newest WeavesandColoringsIn Both Wool and SilkMaterials-44FRANK & CO.1LADIES' OUTFITTERS!1 1 it m ii n h m m m i n iuacAQf!Owing to the numerous claimants r -appearingbefore the "Clean-u 'squad, second floor Bassett bulidUvLexington, arrangements hare fce ..;made to hold the squad over at Ltxington for an additional week. AILex-service men who feel that they'have claims against the, goveramtfrom Anderson, Harrison, Fayettt,,Clark, Madison, Montgomery, Jesa-5mine, Franklin, Nicholas, Scott,Bourbon and Woodford counties, who-have noe appeared before the squa4should report to Lexington -Bobmtime between now and the eveniaff-or the .16th. The squad is nowhandling many claims daily aad ifyou have a claim or know some oiethat does, he. should be informedaijithat he may report to the squad, b-1fore Friday evening, September if rbringing discharge and all corr3-.pondence relative tcr claim.1?IN THE COUHTY COUMIn the County Court, Tiraiay,when the cases of L T. Leach ad-Herbert King, charged with haTiigCLEAN-UP SaUAD TOLONGERliquor in their possession forr ar-.r .poses of sale, were called by Jwlfc!"George Batterton for a hearic 5trdeveloped that the three prosecutingwitnesses had left Paris. Th&caswwere continued until next Tuesday,September 13. In the meantime thauthorities are endeavoring to locatethe missing" witnesses. VRene Clark entered a. plea ot guilty "to a warrant charging him withilawfully seining and was givariafine of $23.50. Morris Shanks, charged with hunting out of season, alsoentered a plea of guilty, and wa3.vfined $23.50. Will Daniels, JeseeHam and Newt. Rankins, chargedwith unlawful seining, entered pleasof not guilty, and following hearing .of the evidence, were dismissed. Thearrests were made at the instance vfGame Warden Bullock and officials ifthe Bourbon County Game and FishClub.Attorney Wade H. Wjiitley waspresented before the Court on acharge of violation of the game lawsby killing more than theprescribednumber of doves in one day. Mr.Whitley introduced no witnesses and,.the case went to trial before a jurywhich returned a verdict of "notguilty." Mr. Whitley was dismissed.Joseph A. Arnold, charged withunlawful seining, entered a plea ofguilty, and was fined J23.50. IsaacIshmael, charged with-ftunting with-out alicense, was dismissed, following hearing of the evidence.3Vx-v.2? . r.JQV-.!' i V . -"k."iii p nu Iff r- H. v, .X.- . XrN4r V-,T-ci,.V!"V'rv-tbV-W te.&2-r SJt -ASwwHrfi -.&$?T .''Jfc.' i.S ' .SM. JLMymn; liWJ;;-W- !?&,HhsTfcllr -'. ii ,oVS..1 ' 'om4 H,"vmwti bourbon .smmL' ip9itnvckt-1 , 'iPAGE TWO4FBIDAYkPT9,19X1y,t vvcfe. :" -4.nJvAfft:&u.V.SHE BOURBON NEWSJfctabii ted 188140 Years of 'Continuous PublicationMdiihed Every Tuesday and 3MdaySNr Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(X&trel at the Paris, Kentucky,.Poctoffice as Mail Matter of theMStcond Class.),. ill FOREIGN BEPBESENTA-TIVES.f 3tew York American Press Asso-fctU.7fkicago Lord & Thomas.1 "Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta- Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.'. r XouisviUe Idwman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESBiiplay Advertisements, $1.00 pert took for first time: 60 cents per inchck subsequent insertion.Readine Notices. 10 cents per linemak issue; reading notices in blacktyye, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on- candi4aUe. obituaries and resolutions, andlar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertlsa-t and Tearlv contracts.OT1 fL4. m.4 mmVIIsIiaw 4 WA.AtVAto. decline any advertisement or otheratter for publication.Ammouncements for political officestxwt invariably be accompanied by& cash.Any erroneous reflection upon theskaracter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation-ykich may appear in the columns of"TOE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention oftit editor.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor Circuit JudgeRQBT. LEE STOUT.Tor Common-wealths' Attorney.VICTOR BRADLEf1 "For Circuit Clerk '1 WM. H. WEBB. ,For Representative 4JAMES H. THOMPSONFor County JudgeGEORGE BATTERTON.,For County AttorneyD. D. CLINE.For County ClerkPEARCE PATON.For Sheriff' M. PEALE COLLIER.For Tax CommissionerBEN WOODFORD, JR.For JailerJAMES E. TAYLOR.For CoronerRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorE. B. JANUARY.For CouncilmenFirst Ward W. W. MITCHELL,DR. WM. KENNEY, GEORGE D.EPEAKES.Second Ward FRANKSfAN,. B. J. SANTEN,, 3dNRY.SKDLLCURTIS Third Ward GEORGE L. DOYLE.(MAGISTRATESyarfs Frank P. Lowry.Millersburg E. P. Thomason.Little Rock R. H. Burris.North Middletown J. S. Talbott.Clintonville Lee Stephenson.Hutchison J. W. Bell.Centerville J. .N. Shropshire.Ruddles Mills R. O. Turner.SACRAMENTAL WINESThe internal revenue bureau sendsot word that the rules concerningdistribution of wines for sacramentaljerposes have been completed andi&at under the new order of thingsike churches will be granted regularkannels of supply for standard sacramental wines.- " It is to be hoped that this will bethe case. By all means the matterafcould be settled once and for all.It is to be hoped that the churcheswilt be protected in their wine supply; nd that it will not be necessaryver to change the new regulations.I iWe have .had enough confusion andviuicertainty over what should haveVen a very easy question to settle.TEDITOBIAL MINGS OF THIS.THAT EN" T0THEE.Mary had a pair of hose ,Which were as white os snowAnd when she got into her car(Finish it yourself)Home-brew and moonshine may bebad for the health, but, on the otherhand, search without warrant doesnot agree with the constitution.Is a man as old as he feels whenhe has missed the bootlegger or asold as he feels when the bootleggerhas kept his engagement and delivered the goods?wNo man in our day has done agreater thing for Kentucky thanJudge Robert Worth Bingham if heputs over the co-operative marketing of Burley tobacco, which nowseems assured.Smoking makes women grow hairon the face, is the assertion made bya prominent physician. If that fellow had been smart at all he couldhave accomplished a real good bygrowing it on the tongue instead.W(ith Henry Ford turning out a carevery seven minutes, what thisworld needs more than being madesafe, for democracy is to be madesafe for men, women and childrenwho are compelled to cross the streetsoccasionally.Mr. Editor: Hold the press! I'vegot a new one! The other night Isat behind a spooning pair at theGrand, a very amorous pair of youngpeople, and they were arguing aboutwhich was the worst, do 1 maKe a 11editions with this?Every ritizen who fails to help histown when he has a chance, not onlyhurts his town, but huts himself aswell. The public discriminates between the public-spirited and the selfish citizen. Not only boost for Parisbut work for Paris a good old townto live in!You may not like short skirts andall that, but it is true that the Parsgirls are beautifully dressed thesedays. What could be prettier thana modest-hued sweater, white skirlsand a becoming hat, with, of cours-, nrot.tv face and fisure .with it?Oh, boy!In a recently-published novel thegirl struck by an automobile recovered and married the young manwho chased and' caught the drivernf the automobile which struck her.Real life it not so romantic, though.Its heroes and heroines are not matrimonially bent invariably.The advent of the automobileseems to 'be making morality as thmas the atmosphere on top of Pike'sPeak. The buzz wagon has alsomade credit a thing'jof memory. Inother words the auto craze mayeventually bankrupt the nation.Prominent physicians of Louisvillepropose to have a bill introduced atthe next session of the State Legislature which will require'' all partiesto undergo a physical examinationbefore marriage. Is this a bill forthe benefit of physicians or thosewho are going to get married?? fThe recent world war seems to havethrown the world out of plumb.This has thrown millions of peopleout of work who are really in needof food. It seems, that there are soni2loafers in Paris who are not concerned much as to whether or not the oldearth ever swings into positionagain.oINFLATED AUTO TUBES SAVETHREE LIVESInflated automobile inner tubesdrone ed from a low-flying airplanesaved the lives of three young women who were struggling in theheaviest summer surf on record atHampton Beach, N. H., Saturday.Miss Marcella Moxey, of North Andover, Mass., was drowned.A number of bathers were caughtwell off and unable to swim back,Life guards were beaten back intheir first efforts to rescue them andMiss Moxley sank. Aviator J. R.Blake, of Wellesley, Mass., who wasmaking a flight near the beach, sawthe predicament of the bathers andbrought his plane down close to thewater. He and his mechanic, Clifton Kemp, of Concord, managed todrop the tubes close to the throegirls. They clung to the tubes untilfife guards ware able to reach them,but were unconscious when broughtashore. They were soon revived.EEANKLIN ANNOUNCES NEWPRICESIn an announcement made to itsdealers, the Franklin AutomobileCompany puts into effect immediately prices on its products rangingfrom $2,350 for the touring carmodel to $3,350 forHhe Sedan, withproportional adjustments on the fiveother types.Production at the Franklin planthas h.een at normal capacity formonths. This maintenance of volume manufacture, and reductions incost of material and labor, makesible the present price scale.pa"i tlOLD.qailE HAMlQflircsrrPROMO.XLU -C1.1JtTTIJi:j-U3iVFIFTEENKEARS AGOJames H. Jacksol&Lpf HutfcjLpf Hutchison,asleep on L. & N. tracks;, near citfvlimits, struck by passenertrain andbadly 'injured. "Willard Hutchison, of Paris, secured as window dresser by the MegloncStore's, in Lexington. Had previouslybeen with Mitchell, Cassell & Baker.Contracts for building sewer 'system for Paris streets awarded to G.O. Tenney, of South Carolina, fivefirms submitting bids. P. O'Bannon,of Louisville, awarded contract forfurnishing sewer 'pipe. Tenney's bidamounted to nearly $23,000, thecity to furnish pipes, at cost of $4,-uuu.Mrs.' Lucy Bishop, aged seventy,nine, widow of Thomas Bishop, formany years head miller at the ParisMilling Co., died at her home inParis.Hezekiah Kinder, 58, of Cicero,Indiana, and Mrs. Kate Butler, widpvvof Henry Butler, Sr., married athome of the bride's son, Thomas Butler, of Paris.City Council adopts ordinance providing that Mayor of city shall in thefuture be appointed by Council. Ordinance passed September 5, 1901,attested by City Clerk A. C. Adair.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Williams, formerly of Paris, who have been making a tour of Europe, are guests ofMisses Lutie and Winnie Williams,on Pleasant street.Attorneys Kerr, of Lexington,Pendleton, of Winchester, and Harmon Stitt, of Paris, engaged in taking depositions in case of the Commonwealth vs. Cumberland Telephone Company.Miss Jennie Kate Purnell, of Paris,secures position as teacher of vocalstudies in the Syondical College atFulton, Mo.R. H. Forrester, former residentof Paris, after thirty-five years' residnce in California, is visiting hissister, Miss Fannie Shropshire, ofMt. Airy avenue.TWENTY YEARS AGOLexington defeated Paris in baeball game at the Belt Line Park, inLexington by score of 8 to 2. Thirdof series of five games being playedfor championship of the'Bluegrass.Northbound freight train No. 76wreckkd in L. & N. yards, nearcity limits. Three trainmen, Ed.Brown, Ed. Peddigo' and J. F.Scruggs, badly injured. Fifteen loaded cars wrecked.All business houses to close onopening day ol tne Bouroon uounryFair, Tuesday, September 6, 1901.County Attorney Thomas E. Moore,Jr.. signed statement to the FiscalCourt to the effect that former officials of the county had illegally paidout the sum of $15,783.16 in periodfrom JLanuary 1, 1901, to January 11906. Court postponed action in matter until meeting of all members.J. H. Haggard sold his farm of 236acres near Ruddles Mills, to Rev.Hollar, of Nicholas county, for $80an acre, making profit of $9,000 on'deal.Fifth Biennial State Convention ofAncient Order of Hibernians convened at K. of P. Hall, with 175delegates in attendance. High Masscelebrated by Rt. Rev. Bishop Maas,of the Covington Diocese. Louisvilleselected as next meeting place. Bigbanquet at the Elks' Hall, at night.James Fee, Sr., aged eighty-two,one of the oldest reta'il merchants inState, died atr his home on Mainstreet, of infirmities of age. Enteredthe grocery business in Paris in1867, after serving in Federal armyas soldier for three years under Capt.Matt Clay, of Bourbon county.Mrs. Allie McKenzie died suddenly at her home near Little Rock,while preparing breakfast. ( J. H.Vanhook, aged seventy, died suddenly at his home near Jacksonville.James W. Ferguson and son, WillKenney Ferguson return to Parisfrom Miles City, Cali., where theybought twenty-five head ofhorses andponies.Jos. Wi, Davis & Co. announce theyhave secured the services of Mr. W.J. Walsh, of Indianapolis, Ind., as cutter in their merchant tailoring department. o- -COUNTY CR0ES ARE-, AIDED BYSHOWERSCrop conditions in Bourbon countyhave shown marked improvement thepast week as a result of showers thathave fallen recently. The week hasbeen decidedly favorable to thegrowth of crops, the temperatureaveraging nearly normal, with sufficient sunshine to make vegetationgrow.Plowing for fall grains has madegood progress, with the soils working unusually well. Late corn isshown to have developed rapidly having generaly passed the silking stage,Early corn has matured and .is beginning to dry up. There has been amarked improvement in alfalfa andsecond growth clover, and someyoung clover that has survived thedrouth has begun to grow. In somafields where, the soil was thin, theclover is thin 'and spotted.Late potatoes have made good progress.' The tobacco is also doingwell, but is being topped unusuallylate, and will require a late fall toripen properly. Pastures continueexcellent and late gardens are ingood condition, with vegetablesplenty. A fair crop of cowpea hayhas been harvested, and the outlookis favorable for plenty of feed forman and 'beast the Coming fall andwinter.Vi 3BELGIUH'POliiTS HJAY"3 ?P -Belgium Jas'settl&d 'down to workand seemsifcp be getting along allright. Nojrines or complaints, noappeals fof felp, are coming 'fromthat quarter these days.And therein BeIgiunt is settingsome of the, larger and wealthier nation, which did not suffer from thawar nearly, as much as she did, avery fine example.For SaleDecker Bros.' upright piano. jCngood condition. Also some householdfurniture. Apply to .(6-2t) MRS. A. P. 'BROWN.For RentOne neatly furnished bedroom onTenth street. Rent reasonable. Forinformation call THE NEWS office,either phone 124.LostOn Main street yesterday betweenthe Kress Store and Margolen's MeatMarket a" pocketbook containing asum of money in currency. Finderwill be rewarded by returning sameto(6-tf) ANDERSON CAHAL,Cahal Bros.' Barber Shop.For RentFour nicely furnished upstairsrooms in excellent location, at reasonable price. For further information call THE NEWS Office, eitherphone 124.Wanted, to Rent CottageCottage or flat wanted by partywho has resided in present house,which has been sold, for five years,the previous house fourteen years.No small children. Call BOURBONNEWG, or E. T. Phone 844. (tf)We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)Glasses FoundIf the gentleman who rode toParis in a Ford with a drummer recently, and who lost his glasses, willcall at THE NEWS office, he mayhave same by paying for this advertisement. (19-tf)For Sale1920 Ashland touring car; goodtires and " machinery good. A carthat has .been well taken care of.1920 Buick roadster, with wintertop and in excellent shape.WHITE FRONT GARAGE,Both Phones 706 Main Street.Mattresses RemadeWe take your old mattress, renovate it and nut on a new tick whichmakes it as good as new. Give us atrial. We will call for and returnsame.Call Cumb. Phone 1042.PARIS BEDDING CO.(augl9-tf)Lost MuleA bay mare mule, 8 or 10 'years old,has strayed from the Hume Paynefarm on .the Winchester pike. A reward will be paid for its return toundersigned.(2-tf) R. M. ADAIR.EsfrayedTo the farm of Mrs. T. H. Tarr,one brown mare mule. Owner canhave same by proving ownership andpaying for advertising. , 'J. T. SWEENEY,2-2t) Cumb. Phone 479.WE HAVE OPENEDBARREL OFHEINZ' HEIEThe Best for PickleMakingWe Have a Full Line ofFreshPickling SpicesGive Us Your Order.Logan Howard"Th Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179' v .PICKLING VINGAi-fF&HIGH GRADE STAPLE334 Main StreetfURNERDon't Overlook FELD'S Shoe StoredWhen ready for your fall and winter footwear.WE CAN PLEASE YOU INEQUALITY AND PRICELEVY Tbe.Diy CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING1BourbonxlXIDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsI Telephone No. 4XXXXr- 1i rtt jrfjfc TSThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyX;::!it i'i'i''i''i"i"i'a''i"i''i":''i'':''i''M"i"i'i''M"i''!''i''i"'i'M'4 m i mm1 GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Servicet BOTH TELEPHONESDay! H I M ! !l - lf' - Inl..llMiMiMi.c - - I"I -TKEEP COOL -Witha Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount.see our stock.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET4"l''frM"l"M''I"I' I"I"I"M"t'M"i'liwkMWelding -We are now in a position to handleall classes of Oxy-Acetylene weldingand cutting, as well as general ' mi-chine repair work.PromptWe solicit yourthe market forEngine Power.HAGAHGASENGINE(Incorporated)WINCHESTER, KENTUCKY -r1 v (augl6-tf) 'rtx'-i.iAI$dFANCY GROCERIESCumb. Phoate 423" : : rrrrrE.'.iiXiLaundryWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!. With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we are,prepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.JKNightt ! t nntiMHimiiMi'M"l"I"I''I'I"I":"Hi..i..i..;.i.i..i..i..i.iiliiiii4'PoTI OTd7'OPP. COURTHOUSE- li - 'X" - I" - 'M"l II 1 111 1 i iRepairiagH.VServiceinquiries when inGas' orv Kerosene.mmmm'iSEkYTfWimmtjCO..XIIXIi"hVKV4 B1"UirrM. Ii-TK.,J "'-"" felk Sv-f-3ror&S'.Jr.3V. Aa i" . -fcVi.Erc;r.NTsi. Jlfri t" t ?.St'ayrfV ' - .M - .? r rft"&i ' Ofo- t tp;-CKf&r FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9,1921'THE BOURBOH NEWS,1PARIS, ABNTUCnvtUtIF "1PV KENTUCKY HANKS HIGHrv WOOL PRODUCTIONINKentucky led .all the SouthernStates in the production of wool in1919, according to figures given out"by the Census Bureau as part of the1920 census. While there was ageneral decrease both in the numberof sheep and in the amount of woolproduced in the country as a whole,and but 13 States showed an increased wool clip, Kentucky showeda very slight decrease, having 707,845 sheep in 1919, compared with778,154 in 1909.Kentucky produced 3,011,263pounds of wool in 1919, comparedwith 3,448,848 pounds in 1909.PAHIS MISSIONARIES EN ROUTETO CHINA.More than 100 missionaries, sentout by the Southern Baptist Missionary Board, embarked from Seattle,Wash., for the Orient, Saturday,August 27, as passengers of the Admiral Line, which operates a fleet ofShipping Board vessels in Trans-Pacificservice. The party, constituted,it is said, the largest group of re-Now is the time for all good mento hope that the disarmament conference doesn't wind up in a fight.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The next timeyou buy calomelask forI 1SLalofabs,The purified and refinedcalomel Meis that arenauseaiecs, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.ligicfes workers ever sent abroadfrom America; in a body, included Mr.and Mrs. TJ. W. Leavell, of Paris, whohave been assigned to the missionstation at Wuchow, South China.. Ten States were represented Virginia, Ohio, Kentucky, North andSouth Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee,Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana.The missionaries are to be widelyscattered through China and Japan.Only eleven of them are veterans ofthe foreign mission held. The othersare to have their first experienceamong alien peoples.On their arrival at Seattle, twodays before the sailing date, the missionaries were greeted by committeesrepresenting the Y. W. C. A. and theChina Club, headed by Mrs. J. P.Weyerhaeuser, wife of the immenselywealthy lumberman of Tacoma. Friday they were guests at a large reception, meeting the Chinese andJapanece consuls who vised ,thepassports of the travelers during theafternoon.oMUST BUILD PAVEMENTS .4 i M 1 1 1 M"H f 4'4"t"M'i'M"M"l'I S. P. M0HNEYChiropractorNotices to citizens of Paris havebeen issued by City Clerk J. W. Hayden to the effect that the city willstrictly enforce the ordinance requiring cement or concrete pavements ofcertain specifications to be constructed by property-owners on Pleasantstreets and other streets in the newrsections of the city. If they are notbuilt immeditely the city will takethe matter in hand and build them,charging the cost to the owners ofthe abutting property.In some sections of the city alongthe outskirts residents have beennsVingr for citv delivery of mall.J Postmaster J. Walter Payne has, hadto explain that Section bUb ot tneUnited States Official Postal ServiceGuide states that city delivery of mailmay .not be extended by postmastersunless the territory is provided withgood, continuous sidewalks, streetlights and street signs, and when thehouses are numbered and providedwith mail receptacles or slots in thedoors for the reception of mail.FIFTH YEAR IN PARISM II II M'M"l"i"M 'I"M'IAnd it makes some of us feel goodto hear the profiteers" of last yeartalking about dull -times now.JMlHDLLADAYSHFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtywBRIGHTEICEVENINGS1 MHI wv?-S1 " " ' gyJI llll!llllllnlv?Lr ffllll llilllllllllllllI llllllllllllllllll ll iHuil II I I III llllllllllllllJalHffr rTsJilllm III III '11 ill BV lit ut' ; ' I D r Bm jj j Iff I 1 TT ll Hi Ml IIff ;: 1 11III (I I 111 111 lIMiss Josephine Chenault, of Mt.Sterling, is visiting friends in thiscity.Ed! T. Rule is at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Indiana, for aten-days' stay.Miss Rosa Jordan has returnedfrom a visit to her aunt, Mrs. MaryCohen, in Winchester.Mrs. Ida Snyder has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Covington and Butler.Mrs. J. Fred Wood leaves nextweek for an extended tour of California and Yellowstone Park.Mr. and Mrs. Albert S. Thompson have returne'd from Columbus,Ohio, where they attended the OhioState Fair.Henry S. CaywoocL is able to beout and about the streets after anIllness of several dn.vs n.t his homenear North Middletown.jonn. i. lviarr, or .Fans, is attending the Indiana State Fair atIndianapolis, where he is acting asjudge in the mule rings.Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Green andchildren, of Owensboro, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris, at theirhome on Walker avenue.Mrs. Omar Mers and sister, MissLula Buchanan, have returned froma, visit to relatives and friends inCincinnati and in Covington. 'Mrs. John F. Leslie, of Huntington, "tfjest Va., formerly Mrs.Carrie F. Stone, of Paris, is visitingfriends and relatives in 'Paris.Miss Emily Epperson has returned to her home in Covington after avisit at the home of Mr. and Mrs.J. Walker Muir, on Vine street.Robert Hunt, of Covington, andM. M. Culbertson, of Cincinnati,former residents of Paris, are visitingfriends and relatives in this city.TVTr and "MVcs T f1. Pniirt.Tin.V andfamily, of Elmira, New York, making an auto tour of the Bluegrassregion, were visitors in Paris, yesterday. Miss Sue Ford, who has been aguest of her sisters, the Misses Ford,in this city, ior several weeivs, uo.returned to her school duties at KeyWest, Fla.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Heck willmove about September 15 from theAnderson cottage on High street, toapartments at the home of Mayor E.B. January.Mr. and Mrs. James Duncan andfamily have returned to their homein Cincinnati after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Charles Duncan and family, onSecond street.Mr. and Mrs. James C. McClintock, newly-weds, are residing temporarily at home of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lee Stephenson,near Clintonville.Rev. C. H. Greer and Dennis V.Snapp, of Paris, are attending theannual Conference of the Methodist.nvnii in session at Somerset thisweek, as representatives from theParis church.Miss Nell Whaley has returneato Atlanta, Ga., after spending hersummer vacation with relatives inthis city. Miss Whaley is with theSouthern Division of the AmericanRed Cross, and will travel in iircSouthern States in organization andlecture work.Lacey Clark, formerly of Paris,who has been engaged in the realestate business in Lexington for several years, is- seriously ill at thehome of his brother-in-law, W)n. H.Whaley, on South Main street. Mr.Clark's home in Lexington was destroyed by fire some time ago, sincewhich he and Mrss. Clark have beenguests of Mr. Whaley.,(Other Personals on Page 5)jJUDGE BINGHAM PRAISES LATEJNO. T. COLLINSPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOQTo-day, Friday, September 9.Dorothy Dalton, in "The Idol of TliNorth;" Warner ' Oland, JuanitaHansen and Margaret Courtot, in derial, "The Yellow Arm;" Snub Pollard comedy, "You're Next."To-morrow, Saturday, September10 Claire Windsor and Mona Lisle,with an all-star cast, in "Too-WiaeWives;" Hank Mann, in comedy,"Mystic Mush." -"',Monday, September 12 CorinneGriffith, in "The Wjhisper Market;"Century comedy, "Pals;" Pathe Review.i r- vr- -NOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERSFROM BOARD OP HEALTH.,This is to notify owners "whoseproperty abuts on a sanitary sewer,that in compliance with a City Ordinance, attachment must be madewithout further delay.It is especially important at thistime that no owner on High Streetshall overlook this notice.Do not wait until the completionof the new street and then be put toa far greater expense. cRememberthe City Ordinance covers all streets where the sewef abutsproperty.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order City Board Health. .(2-2t) ,vQWEIGHING A PIGa"There's an easy way to weigh apig without scales," said an 'irishman. "You get a plank -and put itacross a stool. Then you get a bigstone. Put the pig on one end of theplank and the stone on the other end,'and then shift the plank .until theybalance. Then you guess the weightof the stone and you have the weightof the pig."A good many men use about thesame system in their business affairs, content themselves with guessing about everything, and theirguesses are usually wrong, and then.they wonder why they never succeed.AN UNUSUAL AMERICANJapan has decorated an Americanwith the order of merit of the fourthclass. We have forgotten his name,but it doesn't matter. The point isthat there is one American who admits that he belongs in the fourthclass.The average American, if offered adecoration by Japan, would have insisted upon one of the first class, andit he couldn't have had that hewouldn't have taken any.Just HistoryIn '76The Colonial DameSpun her cloth -.By Candle flame.In 1880In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light JAnd later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.Bit the girl of to-day.WJw wants her home bright,Just presses r button, lmi Juts Electric Zigfct.-iCo;x.-j- . r,- jkEscape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen andhips.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised." 'Priced from $2 to $IOFRANK & CO.LfPfeH Tra de MarhRcgKjkIn the course of an address delivered Saturday at a meeting of the tobacco growers of Garrard county,held at Lancaster, Judge RobertBingham, of Louisville, paid an eloquent tribute to the memory 'of thelate John T. Collins, of Paris, declaring that "he was one of the verybest and most useful men in Kentuncky, one whose good works willI live as a testimonial of the faithiui-ness, the fidelity and the high character of the man." He told of Mr.Collins telling his son, Capt. Wm.Collins in his last heurs to "helpsee this tobacco movement through."Judge Bingham told the Garrardgrowers to pattern .after Bourboncounty in the matter of "drives,"saying "Bourbon county alwTaysgoes over the top in any movementthey undertake there."oLOCAL EDUCATOR TO SPEAK ATMCHOLASVTLLEGutFlowers!For Funerals, Parties, Weddings and other occasions-where flowers are used.Say it with flowers it is.the most expressive way.BOTH PHONES-'JO VARDENBURLEY TOBACCO GROWERS'CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION"In Union There Is Strength"SIGN YOUR CONTRACTt.h u.n ixe r srarfcic'A'flrFORD CARSAre Now Selling at Present Prices,Delivered Here:Roadster, regular $377.86Roadster, self-starter, demountable rims... $47 7.28vr '&, wuu p-xvrr.JTouring, self-starter, demountable rims $508.525 Coupe :.....' $659.50Sedan .$727.18Chassis, regular $341.48Chassis, self-starter, demountable rims $438.85Tauch , $49521X.iNow is the Time to Buy a CarRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYIII! MM MtMM MM M I I'M IMIMtlll llilllllllllllll!Less Than Seven Cents Per DayA HOME TELEPHONEwith modern equipment and courteous operators at yourservice day and night in your residence for a fractionless than seven cents per day.GIVE US YOUR ORDER ,Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.. Incorporatediiin-ttinn-nmH'H'i-ntni !Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,will take part in the "Better SchoolWek" program scheduled for Nicholasville this week. Prof. Kirpatrickwill speak at the court house inNicholasville, at three o'clock nextSaturday afternoon, and at 7:30o'clock Saturday night.'-oDOLLAR DAYSThere are all kinds of 'people" iithe world. For instance, word coniesfrom "Washington that some of theretail merchants haVe been trying toinduce the government to put a stopto "bargain days."And the eovernment. througluSec-fretary Hoover, has replied thatthisis a matter with which it hasnothing to do. This was the proper viewto take, of course..Think of faking "dollar days"away from thepeople! Do tneywant;to start a revolution among-viiewomen?STWTSHIVELY&S0NMeat MarketFRESH AND CUREDMEATSSPRINGCHICKENSDressedday and Saturdayy?,' 'Ii --'Another 'disadVaMfegeaboutWna baby inta Utrn i tfjfc anftheneiCPDors iei taat' xneyT rfW,4 , jft.fiMFSH6hAM TOMTo Be Run By Old PaintersBROShave purchased and taken over the stock andbusiness of the TEMPLIN PAINT CO. A complete line ofPAINTS. VARNISHES AND BRUSHES,Painters' Supplies' and Wall Paperi -mXrLNow is the time to contract for Fall Paintingor Papering. A guarantee in every particular wilfbe furnished.n, f x"&iKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HAWOPIfc ;Sutli Main St., OffkWiipilitTfc J .CiPWifcftapp54,ifrJ'fr ytkL:.tfr'fti'ltr irflMi wm ftr-r&V irA . T.tii' 4-VA,. M"5fctfNHv,:-X,"V 'y?&4?&&V-V-ftVVjgPr :4fcfi"vMt" rr,PAGE rOCHTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTOCmf.&FRIDAY, SEJPTEMBJSPVItXT'fJi . T-."ST.. n- s.A'Ar - -v fiikfe " v Sd-''T JHSfe r SJf -. . 4a --' "t vr .. - "wR 91921 ' .rra,-LiI Ii. ,i2 p K' jJ ' -1 - ' -ink re.'4 ! . "COEEEDERATE HOME INMATESTEIED ON COMPLAINTCases o A. N. White, P. O'Bannon and James McDonald, the latterof Paris, inmates of the Confederate Home, at Pewee Valley, who-were called before the board ioshow reason why they should not beexpelled from the Home as punishment for charges they are said toliave made against Colonel C. I.Dauglierty, were investigated by'State Inspector and Examiner Henry33. James, who declared they werewithout foundation.The continuance was granted onmotion of attorneys for the veterans.-Counsel for the commandent made a.condition of the continuance thatthe accused men should agree loabide by the rules of the Home while-waiting for trial. The defendantsagreed to do this.o-ICOBTEDEEATE HOME TRUSTEESFrank C. Taylor, son of Col. Horace M. Taylor, of Carlisle, Capt.John E. Abram, of Louisville, andIra M. Poole, of Princeton, have beentnamed by Gov. Edwin' Morrow asTrustees of the Confederate Home atPewee Valley,For SaleChevrolet touring car, smoothrunning and in good repair. Cheapif sold at once. Inquire at BOURBONJJEWg office, or call either phone2ft, 93, " ' (9-2t).LostSomewhere in or near Paris whileen route to Cynthiana from Olympian Springs, a solid wheel fromEssex Auto. Had 32x4-inch Fisk tire,binder rewarded by returning to thisoffice, or to Rev. W. E. Ellis, cornerMain and Tenth streets.For Salei192 Oakland touring car; goodiires and machinery good. A carthat has been well taken care of.1920 Buick roadster, with wintertop and in excellent shape.1910 Ford touring car in goodcondition.WHITE FRONT GARAGE,-Both Phones 706 Main Street.Executrix Sale-OF-Household and KitchenFurnitureAs executrix of the estate of thelwill stand out as the greatest conlate Mrs. Hattie Hutchcraft Hill, Iwiu sen at pupiic saie, at ner late-leaiuem;;, in murnion uivision, in jtue uny ul jraris, jvy., onFriday, September 16, 1921 iat two o'clock, p. m., all her house- Eagles. After taking the obligationTiold and kitchen furniture, con-(he was presented with a gold mem.sisting of carpets, rugs, tables, bership card to the Marion Aero by-chairs, dishes, refrigerators, new John A. Abel, of Marion, a friend-? Singer Sewing Machine, couch, j ana neighbor. Among tlmse takingljrass bed, several pieces of antique ipart in the ceremonies were Reprclurmture, and many other things '-- w v.iwt r -wpH nfWiRmn.-J.,, .. ,-.,,... i A! .IUU UU.U1C1.ULU3 LU illtJIlUUIl.MISS ANNA HUTCHCRAFT,Executrix31. P. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(sept9-13)Department storeEiYOU ARE INVITEDTO OURvFALL OPENINGTHURSDAYSEPTEMBER 15 thrFALLAND WINTER ARRIVALSDRY GOODS FURNISHINGSREADY-TO-WEAR MILLINERY-K'$th,jTO5:30PM'- TSc V!religious!ooe-ioiR4v. T. S. Smylie will preach atHqpewell church Sunday afternoonat 3 p.munitym.areThe people of the com-.cordially invited to at-tend.Rev. Father WJlliam J. O'HareJpastor of the Church of the Annunciation, in this city, took part in theforty hours devotion conducted thisin CarlisleEvangelist Newton Shropshire,of Clintonville, and Rev. Robt. E. day of the two-story DricK residenceMulliken, are conducting a revival ' of the late Mrs. Mary T. Watson, atmeeting at the Galilee Christian. 1222 Soiith Limestone street, in Lexchurch, in Lewis county. v The meet- ingttn. The sale was made at pubing will continue until Sunday even-.lic auction through Nathan R. Garing, September 19. f .. rison, of Lexington. Mrs. KellerPa Methodfst chuchnd" Dennis 57,125 for the property Possesv. Snnnn UMPlrt SP.p.rfitnrv of thft ' sion will be given within the nextSunday School Board, are in Some r-set, attending the meeting of theKentucky Conference of the Methodist church. The report read byRev. Greer at; the close of the Sunday morning service .at his churchshowed progress in all departmentss compared with last year.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the(Paris Christian church, who hasI just returned from Tinona Lake, In-diana, where he attended the sessions) of the National Convention of theChristian church, will speak at themornins: service Sunday on the proceedings of the Convention. At theevening service his subject will be"A Modern Home." A cordial invitation is extended to all to attendthese services.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH"For The Son Lost," is the-subject of the morning sermon byRev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of thischurch. The subject gives the firstthree and the last word of the textwhich is to be found in the Gospelof Luke. Those planning to attendthis churcn Sunday morning win on.interested in gusessing the intervening words of this text of Scripture."Better Than A $1,000,000," No. 2,The theme will continue the seriesThe theme will continue the serhieson this subject. Health was thethought for last Sunday night, andthe argument was that it is betterto be healthy than to be wealthy.Another phase of life which is betterthan a million will be discussKtSunday night. Hours of service:Preaching, 10:55 a. m. and 7:30 p.m.; Sunday School 9:30 a. m., andunristian junaeavor at u:45 p.The public is cordially invitedworship at this church.in.ioNOTES OF THE LODGESThe Knights of Columbus announced recently that the organization would make 'an annual owardfor the patriots similar to the NobelTll'ITDC 1T coionna on1 Vinminit!ntIt will be bestowed upon a personin the United States, not necessarilya citizen, who in the judgment of thecommittee "shall have done the deedor spoken or written the word thattribution of the year to the promo-tion of the American spirit? of patri-0tism "The nature of the award i5to be announced later.President Warren G. Harding was1 1 tr:t:iiLi v iiictuc iX mciiiuei ui tut;j -4.1 J -. -. - T- . G ivAjxw v. .w- . ,.w , - . ,-sin, Grand Worthy Master of the(Eagles, and Representative John M,IMorin, of Pittsburg, Grand Worthyi Vice-President of the order.iM,miFit'v"DPARTiUNT "STORC' FMUSHNTUCKY M4f4-- ':.EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Realty Company soldthis week for Misses Laura andBlanche Lilleston, the cottage locatedat the corner of Seventh street andWalker avenue, to Miss Sena Rion.and Mrs. Jimmie Whaley. The purchasers will improve the propertyand move to it in the spring.Mrs Ed C' Keller formerly ofParis was the Purchaser Wdne3-few days.PRESERVES CHEAPER THAN TOUCAN MAKE THEM.Strawberry .and raspberry preserves no'w on sale at prices thatare cheaper than you can afford tamake them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO."j RESOLUTIONSOE RESPECT TOMEMORY OE JNO. T. COLLINS ,At a meeting of the Board of Di-;rectors of the Bourbon-Agricultural,Bank & Trust Co., the following?resolutions were adopted:Resolved, That in the death of ourpresident, "John T. Collins, on Aug.25, 1921, we suffered an "immeasurable loss that is most keenly felt byall in any way connected with thi3Board.W)3 shall record 'these resolutionsin our minutes as a testimonial ofhis sterling worth to this institution,to which he devoted his untiringenergy, with utmost Jnvnltv and selfsacrifice, amid the many auties of amost active life.We shall miss him from our councils, but shall ever be mindful of hi.ssplendid leadership and clear judgment, his kindly manner and strictIntegrity, and all those traits thatmake the rare combination of thesuccessful public man and the trueChristian gentleman.We join with the whole comm'unit'in sorrow for the untimely end .cfsuch a useful and prominent citizen.We make greatful acknowledgement of his helpfulness in bringingsuccess to this institution and maintaining it in the confidence of thepublic.We extend our sincere sympathyto his family, whose happiness w;.shis first thought, and who shall sosorely feel the last touch of his geniallife and thoughful care.We commend to them that consolation that must come with the memory of his honorable and useful lifethat shall continue forever in thepresence of the God whomhe honored. Respectfully submitted,JAS. L. DODGE,' JAS. M. CALDWELL,W. O. HINTON,Committee. rPALL OPENINGDAME EASHION PREDOMINATESm AN UNUSUAL DISPLAY OFNEW MODISH GARMENTS, THBLEADER OPENING, THURSDAY,SEPTEMBER 15TH.oTENT MEETING CLOSESThe series of evangelistic meetingswhich have been in progress under atent on the old Bourbon Collegegrounds, on Cypress street, in thiscity, will come to a close on nextSunday night, September 11, withservices beginnig at 7:30 o'clock.The big tent will be taken to OakJand Mills, in Nicholas county, -whe:eEvangelists Gebhardt, Wade andHundley will open a series ot meetings. The meeting, at Paris has resultedin about fifty conversions and moeunder conviction. The evangelistsdesire through the medium of theParis papers to extend their thanks 4the citizens of Paris for the presentation of the large tent, 60x60,which they are using in their meetings, and promise to return to Parisfor another meeting in the Spring.An all-day meeting will be heldSunday, with preaching, prayen,singing and testimonials. On thsday the collections should be large,as the expense of moving to anotherlocation will be very heavy.oTHREE DESTRUCTIVE EIRES AT- HARRODSBURG.Harrodsburg has been visited inpast few days with three destructive-Ares. A few days ago a fire destroyedthe Davenport Battery Co.'s businesshouse in that city, entailing a losso'f $35,000. liater the home of J.M. Mathews was burned, with a lossof $1,500. Following these fires alarge tobacco barn belonging to G.M. Crr, on the edge of the city, wastotally destroyed by fire, togetherwith a? new motor truck, Maxwellcar, seven tons of hay, farm immplementsand about $500 worth of tobacco sticks. The loss was estimatedIt JIOOOG, partly' covered by in-yitince. " , -''&:s" o s ' M f-; rat wimj j-a p . n mxssr-CLEARANCE SALESNOW GOING ONDrastic Reductions are resorted to in order that we maydispose of all remaining Spring and Summer Merchandise.Final pricings make' these values beyond comparison. Donot take pur word for it-come and see for yourself.27 Voile and Dotted SwissDresses, values up to $15.00Choice $1.007 .2 Silk Dresses, $12.50 values Choice $1.0010 Capes, Blue and Tan,values up to $29.50Choice $9.98 '26 Spring Coats, Blue andTan, values up to $35.00Choice $9.986 Evening Dresses, slightlysoiled; values up to 269,50Choice $5.00No C. O. D.'sHARRY SIMON224 W. Main StreetTJUMV I1 T immmmmMmwmmmmmMYoung Ilea Bo To Walsh'sFor the Latest Style Ideas in ClotheswSchaf fner & Marx and Kirschbaum are surely ones that the youngmen will appreciate as for them being snappy and strictly up-to-.date. We are proud of our model shown with high cut lapelsfrom pleated back and stitched half belt. It's surely a good looking model and it can be found in herring-bone weaves of greyand tans, also other good patterns and colorings.Other goodright here.$18.00Knox andthe Knox and C.new ran lia to-day.1 - Notice the Prices i; f i I1 " $6.00 and $7.00 ' : IL'..l:-KWALS::i1 n: x : . Office Sore , 1 . Paris, Iff.SIMON'S riNAL5 Plain , and Dotted . SwissDresses, values up to' $25. 00Choice $3.983 Wash Jumper Dresses,$3.00 valuesChoice $1.00'-19 Serge and TricoletteDresses, Navy color, valuesup to $20,00Choice $6.984 "Miss America" Middies(serge) values up to $9.98Choice $3.9825 Spring Suits, colors tan-,blue, black, rose, black andwhite checks, values up to$69.50Choice $9,98No Phone Orders TakenNo ExchangesFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00'M.viWHATEVER is new in young men's clothes is usually foundhere before it becomes commonplace and loses its chanceof individuality. The new models from the shops of Hartlive models are shown, too.to $55.00Crofutt &$6.00 and $7.00Your Fall Hat is here brim full of, pep and style.. You know& K. hats are hats for every43 Silk Dresses,to $40.00valuesupChoice $12.98'Sport and Wash Skirts6 Sport and Wash Skirts,$9.98 valuesi. Choice $2.987 Skirts $12.50 valuesChoice $3.9825 Skirts, $156(valuesChoice $4.9818 Skirts, $19.50 to $25.00valuesChoice $6.986 Skirts, $29.50 to $35.00values lChoice $9.98No DeliveriesLexington, Kentuckyi9M9M.9Jl9M9M m vAv gAUTfll TAv fAv lA JMTlYou'll find the prices4Knapp Hats&occasion, so get your-- -V. E:4&; :?J 4- -TTmRrdh:r r-W00OFOWA-if4 vi xRTWIUS,'4.: :f w;Id3&&;VI- Ai,KriA-wfc.,rV.jr"13-.fc-1-1??'?MV &3$K, .2?.'a .aT.-tj' v4-:aSf;1-?'5I5.$yK.$-&'.asPRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, .1921THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KRimTCKIFAGSJEgPiF-v -,MM MA9y &JttVI' I-M , &?I ft iV I- KV jl3,, ... . - I'Jr. vmJewelers .:-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseSOCIAL AilD PERSONAL.. J Thas. Heniy Clay, Houston Jacobyana Wallace Snropsmre.rVimlncra nnH fninra nf Our 1. iV11ss JNancy Barbee Wilson, ofPeople Here, There andElsewhere.aJfaris, is a guest of Miss Loui3eBarnes, in Ma. Sterling. ,Miss Favola Dundon lias returned from a month's visit to Mr. and; Mrs. Victor Fishback, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Emma, Arderyhas returnediiuiiih m uyntniana alter aPALL HATS vSEE OUR $10.00 LINE OF PALLHATS. ,9-4t) MRS. MAYME PARKER.REPUBLICANS PLAN CAMPAIGNJohn M. Stuart was selected, at a.recent meeting of the Bourbon County Republican Committee, as campaign manager for the coming, political contest. A meeting of th committee will be held to-morrow night Jwhen plans will be perfected ior avigorous campaign prior to the November election.WEONG NAME GIVENTthe name of Thomas Fisher, in, stead of Thomas Frakes, was givenby the daily and local press, in anitem regarding the appointment of. a temporary fireman to succeedSpears Pendleton, resigned. The newfireman is George M. ("Tommie")Frakes, who will fill the position until apermanent fireman is elected bythe -incoming Council.. o'TALL'-OPENING'ATTEND THE LEADER OPENING, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBERFIFTEENTH. MUSIC BY B0URB0N ORCHESTRA.oCLOTHING STORE ROBBEDThe sixth burglary of a Paris' business house to occur within a fewV weeks was pulled off Tuesday morning when burglars visited the clothing store of R. P: "Wlsh, at Mainand Seventh streets. The intruderseffected an entrance by breaking theglass in a rear window, and breakingrt the window catch.The burglars secured a small sum-Wof money, about $8.50 in change,,1sfTHvhich had been left in the cashregister, but so far as known, didnot take anything else. The polipewere notified. The burglary is believed to be the work of amateurs-who have been working Paris storesand residences.City Clerk J. W. Hay den washucinoco irioifrr in . Qtn nfnTfl ATrna ' to herl :i . -i. .- . .-r-Mrs. Mollie Lair, of Paris, is a, lo ner s2n bauiuel Ardery, nearguest of Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Wright, Falls"in Winchester Mr- and Mrs- Robert Frank and, Mrs. Rud6lph Davis, of Paris, ' llvs: L- MtrTrJbSle3are at West Badenis a guest of her mother, Mrs. Mary Springs, West Baden, Indiana, for aHowse. in Carlisle. w ,-, ten"da?;s SJ0U-Mrs. Lunceford Talbott is Visit-! 1 he Blue Grass Fair, in proing her daughter, Mrs.HarryMeade, ' gr.es.s at Lexmgton this week, is reat Bloomington, Indiana. s ceivmg an extensive patronage fromMr. and Mrs. Carl Schrote, of . PanJL and Bourlon county people.Scott avenue, united Sunday morning ' Mlss FaF Mc"Whorter, formery ofwith the Methodist church. , ( Millersburg, ' has gone to Holden,Robert Goggin, of the Hotel West Virginia, where she has acceptWindsor, left yesterday for a ten-1 ed a position as principal of thedays' stay at French Lick, Indiana. jKeigh School.Ora Graves has returned to his ' &eX. Julian McClintock and Mrs.home in Midway, after a visit to his McClintock, of Richmond, have beensister, Mrs. Elizabeth Blankenship, Inthis city.Mrs. jPhoebe Powell has returned to her home at Ewing, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. J. CU Powell,in this city. ' ,.Mrs. Roy Dejarnett and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Dejarnett, arevisiting the' former's parents, inSpencer county.visitors at the home of Paris relatives for several days. Rev. McClintock is attending the MethodistConference in session at Somerset,while Mrs. McClintock remained inj Paris for a longer visit.I While working in the secondstory of the Dow building ye'sterdaymorning Mr. R. P. Dow, Sr., wasI taken suddenly ill, and for a time'Miss Louise Current has return- j was in a serious condition. He wasremovea to nis nome, where he wasgiven medical attention, and was reported much better last night.At a meeting of the Big Spring,Chapter, Daughters of American Rev-j olution, held in Georgetown, Wednesday, Mrs. Wade Wftiitley, of theed- to ner nome in Franntort alter avisit to her sister, Mrs. Russell Parrent, near Paris.Miss Carrilla Eberhardt has returned to her home in Georgetownafter a visit to her aunts, Misses LaRue, at Shawhan. pSCALDS RESULT FATALLYMrs. Frank P. Kiser received amessage telling of the death of hernephew, C. C. Strong, Jr., at Richmond, Ya. Th.e little fellow was severely burned last Friday by fallinginto "a tub of hot water, death resulting several - hours after. Thechild's mother was formerly Mi"SMary Ashbrook, of Paris. Her mother, Mrs. 'Rachel Aslibrook, and sister,N..-' t t aifii rf Pp-nRar.ola. Fla..ixra. x. i-i. 3-"i "- -'were visiting at the home.time.oat the-uSPECIALPEACHES, PEACHES, PEACHES.H 100 BUSHELS OF PEACHESAND PEARS TO-DAY :PEARS $3.00PERBU.PEACHES.. ..$3.50 AND $3.75 BU.WEY PAY MORE -WHEN WEHAVE THE BEST? .,wPARIS BAKING COMPANY.(It) I. L. GLASS, PK0P.o- 'LEXINGTON KIV;ANIANS MEETHERE TUESDAYWith a view of showing the citizens of Paris the Kiwanis spirit andassisting the business men of thiscity in organizing a club at a laterdate, if it is desired, the LexingtonKiwanis Club will hold their regular meeting next Tuesday in theBourbon capital, it was decided at the' weekly luncheon meeting of - theclub held Tuesday at the LafayetteHotel.A transportation committee was'named, coiaposed of Kiwanians Ackerman Levy,' Webb, Gooding, anlRoberts, to provide all members -ofthe club with transportation toParis. Members will assemble atr-T7 Park. Tuesday morning at'il:15 o'clock, from where they willrftalie automobiles for Paris.Y v -'5 PENALTY WILL SOON GO ONFOB TAXATION. THE PENALTYWILL SOON BE ON. ACT aUICKND SAVE YOUBSELVES ,MRS. MATTIE CLARK,-w Bourbon County Tax Commissioner.-JN0. J. BEDM0N, Deputy.DIXIE HIGHWAY MOTORCADE, . DUE HERE TO-DAY.-. A committee of the Paris Commercial Club, composed of Denis uundon, Rudolph Davis, John L. Davis,R, C. Ruggles and E. B. January, ispreparing to receive the motorcadeofDixieHiprhway Boosters, whichwill pass through Paris at -7:45o'clock this morning. Over 200 machines will be in the party, according to reirts .received yesterday,representing , all . States throughwhich tiff highway passes -fromOhio to Florida. The party ;will bemety sr delegation of local ment Me the city, ihd escorted into'Hi through the cifcr. A number -jfi in .unnanv fhf TiartV-fWMXm Ba 'itT' " VtotWMrs. Hannah Browner and grand- Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R.,1son, George Browner, have returned ' Paris, gave an interesting talk onfrom a visit to relativesand friends the proposed school at Hueyville,in Mt. Healthy, Ohio. ' 4 I which is to be maintained by theJames T. Shannon returned I State D. A. R. At the conclusionWednesday to his home in Louisvple, j of the business program, refresh-after a visit to his aunt, Mrs. PhilNippert, of Fifth street. y tProf, and Mrs. J. MolerMcVeyhave returned to their home in Dayton, Ky., after a visit to the latter'sbrother, Mr. Lucien Terrill, andMr. Terrill, near Clintonville.Mrs. John Dean and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Dean, and. Miss HelenLavin, of Paris, were guests offriends in Lexington, Tuesday, andattended the Blue Grass Fair.Private Leo Kern, who has beenments were served.Mr. and Mrs. Everett Pfansteil have returned from their wedding trip, and are at present at thehome of the bridegroom's parents,Rev. and Mrs. J. C. Planstil, inBrooksville. Mrs. Pfanfeteil was formerly Miss Jasephine Shawhan, apopular young teacher in the Bourbon county schools. Mr. Pfansteil 13a graduate of Transylvania Collegfand a former County Judge of Brack;ONCE1IIIon duty at Camp Knox, for several '?n county. They wU be at home4.U LlltJH Illciliy liMfJIUS ill 1U1UWV .,months, has received his honorabledischarge,' and has returned to thehome of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.L. M. Kern, near Escondida.Mrs. Hugh Minor and son, ofCannel City, Ky., and Mr. and Mn.Frank Clark and children, of Ashland, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Frank E. Faulkner, in this city.MrsKy., where Mr. Pfansteil is principalof the Consolidated High School.(Other Personals on Page 3)oTHE LEADER STORE'SOPENING SEPT 15.FAILThe Te.ider Storp. will have itsThomas Miskell and son, U-,o11 .,. n,h,,,B1inT eontH.T r rf HI" r-n rrnm nntr nnntlTf o T"Q TTieit- I 1 to J fSTrves ZS'ls. ""They will" "' ? T" be displayedwiirbe.4Knti?'Jo whihiPridr and Sat-vjs-v . Hbe joined the last of the week by Mr.Miskell, wb.o will accompany themhome. 'Miss Luna Duffy, of Paris, whohas just concluded a pleasant visitto friends and relatives in Denverand in Kansas, is now visitingfriends nTCincinnati, before returning home.Mrs. Earl Ferguson has returnedto her home in Georgetown, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. John StuartRoberts, and, Mr. Roberts, at theircountry home, on the Georgetownroad, near Paris.7Dr. James A. Orr is spending atwo-weeks' vacation at Crab Orchard Springs. His sister, MissOlivia Orr, is attending the sessionsof the Methodist Conference at Somerset, this week.-David Baclirach, who has beena guest of his family at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Louis W))llstein, returned yesterday to Dallas, Texas, wherehe will be joined later by Mrs. Bachrach and children.Mrs. Carrie Larue Woodford.gave a delightful dance Mondaynight at ner country home on theWinchester pike, near Paris, in honorof her niece, Mrs. Ruth Raymond:Adair. About thirty couples enjoyedthe evening.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Clark havereturned to their home in Anderson,Indiana, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Frank Trisler, at their home onEighth street. Mr. nd Mrs. Clarkhave been makint an auto tour 4toClfattanooga, Tenn., stopping off toview the wonders of the Blue Grassregion of Kentucky.Postmaster James B. Stears, orNicholasville, was a recent visitorin Paris, enroute to Flemmgsburg,toattend the funeral and" burial cfRobert ,C. Grimes. Mr. Stears wasbefore his appointment, editor of theJessamine Journal, and will probablyreturn to the newspaper business onretiring from the postofficeLexington Leader: "Mr. amUMrs. T. Hayes Cook, of Paris, werevisitors in Lexington, Wednesday.Mrs. 'Cook, who has , recently arrived from overseas, was a teacher, andtheir marriage before Mr. Cook leftthe army was a romance of occupiedterritory, when he - was studyingcontinental .languages."Mr. and Mrs. Henry Reid andMr. and Mrs. S. Triplett and, littledaughter, of Mt. Sterling, were viiitors in Paris yesterday, en route tothe Blue Grass Fair, and were callers at THE NEWS office. SeeingMr. Reid revived memories of theold days in Mt. Sterling when THENEWS man was an attache of theMt. Sterling Advocate. Mr. Reid hasabandoned the newspaper game andis now in the grocery business mMt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Smithsentertained at ttieir handsome countryhome near Lexington with a dancein honor of thtfir son, Byron Smithd the following members or ause party: "iss Sara Piper, ofCarlisle, Miss Edith Tune, of Lexington, Mrs. M. J. Turner, of Paris,Misses Elizabeth and Ruth Clayton,of North Middletown. The homewas beautifully. decorated with summer flowers Punch ,was .servedwhile the dance wasjin progress, andic, egr kisses and 'cakes were serv-eaai miamgnt. music was, iuimishea by Bishop's " Orchestra.- The'Tollowing,from,Paris attended :;4Frai-cesenney, josepnme jriiuian-jfi.Tai.Turner,, Vt& Ba4winTIabllefor the beneht ot lali shoppers ahandsome line of newly-arrived fall&nd winter goods, novelties, furnishings, and ready.-tb-wear millineryMusic will be furnished by the Bourbon Orchestra "from 10:00 a. m. o5:30 p. m. See display advertisement in this issue of THE NEWS.STATE LOSES IN OIL PRICE DROPReports received by the State TaxCompany of oil production and thevalue of some show the great dropin price of oil during the last year.In July of this year 702,550.18 barrels were produced, the value ofwhich of which was 9673,071.41. InJuly of 1920, 719,028.13 barrelswere produced, worth -$2,825,007.47.The tax on oil paid to the State jnJuly, 1921, production was $6,733.94and on the July production of 1920was $28,259.89.We Pack CreamHome-Made Ice Cream packeddelivered at sixty cents per quart.All orders for Sunday must be placed Saturday by six o'clock. No orderspacked less than half-gallon.Brick Cream prepared on specialorders.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,Both Phones 494. s 429 Main St.(sep-9-tf)vLower price this .Fall at least a 'third less thanlast Fall's priceswill permityou dressingyour boys ata ver smalloutlay, and atthe same timedress them tetterthan ever.Boys' SchoolSuits this seasonat $12.50to $19.50.TalhoOfc Amwr : Caywood x'viattott,to $iao.lliW I-P4i Woo1mw mt .AAwybv wvm.fck'w-- tIB ' SCUW -V . frj-cMm" v ris 1-1X71 e 1-1 t J , v jvt mh r limits., vIf ' ' -rTPfYf 37UPON A TIME(Not So Very Long Ago)n.It took a huge bank roll and a strong heart to buy aSuit, Hat, Shirt, Etc., for dad and the boys.It is now different, especially at our store. It is just about possible to clothethree men for what it used to cost one.We are now proving this fact many times every day to those who have adesire to be well dressed and have that "Grand and Glorious Feeling" that theyhave saved a nice sum.FOR MEN512, $15, $15, $18, $20OR 25.h.1 Will Buy a Suit, or OvercoatThat would have cost twice as much ashort while ago.Work and Dress Shoes$2.5! TO. $8.50with guaranteed milage.Work and Dress Shirts59 CENTS TOVariety enough to suit everybody.Ski$3.5fFOR BOYS$4.50,.?$8.45, $8.58$18.88 vWill Buy Suitsthat cannot be matched in value anywhere. (We have sold more boys thisyear than ever before-. "There's a reason') -.: -ShoesConstructed to withstand rough service$2.50 TO $5.45WE HAVE THE OTHER THINGS THATEVERY BOY NEEDSIMPORTANTNOTICECotlon fabrics are advancing. Every mailbrings us notice of this.As long as our stocklasts we will maintainour present low prices.LEWIS WOUSTEINTWIN BROS.' MEN'S STOREIT WILL PAYYOUTo buy your Overalls,Shirts, Trousers, GumBoots, Etc, from us.We carry a big stockand low prices prevail.mwmimiwfM m ii misiCOLUMNNO. E. 2MS85Unquestionably this is the best machine in the worldto-day for the money. Complete iriall respects. Straighttone arm, non-set automatic stop and all the principlefeatures of the higher priced machines.AThey will be Higher. Get Yours To-daysrHear the New Columbia Records- .:THE I T. HINTOJM CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND iUIHMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UwdaciafctogJ -Vr .-5538f?iim , ad - Johivf yArto 'm-fj& A-'' Jfcr-JMPjw ,y lie!r n1" t -r' -i . u & ": IH ITT ', . . .? IHHai' - r40k WWiV1 " A J -vT.lUK.A. "5THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- ,aiRig'aHraiffaj.,i"A.2.--ar-rREDUCED RAILROAD RATESTO THE KENTUCKY STATE FAIR9 ,1Q21 19-ANNUALEXPOSITION 1Q21;f -wjmPt ,;Sfewv 4iIi"I Ifti.4.:i1I?p 3i 4HIf:iIirfI li1&r-c.tv.KENTUCKYGREATEST AGRICULTURAL EDUCATIONALLOUISVILLE, SEPT. 12J. D. Powers, Pres'tDarwin W. Johnson, Vice Pres't aad TreasCommonwealthLife Insurance CoHOME OFFICE:106-110 South Fifth Street.Call and See Us When YouCome to the State FairBaron a True Diplomat.From London comes a story 013aron Hayashi, which, if not true, deserves to be true. And if it is true.he Is a diplomat to his finger tipsAt dinner recently he sat next to alady who talked to him for an hour.When the coffee hove in sight, saidthe lady, "You must think I am very4ond of the sound of my own voice."Said the baron: "I knew you liked:music." Japan Advertiser.CINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L. & N.-$2.35Sunday, Sept. 11, 1921Special train will leave Paris at:rl0 a. m.; returning -will leavePourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(sept2-6-9)EXCURSIONThe Folly of Cheating NatureMany people get theidea that they can keeptheir nerves on edge andtheir digestion upset yearafter year, and "get awaywith it." They sleep onlyhalf as much as theyshould and never getproperly and thoroughlyrested.If you tire out easily,if you are getting pale andanemic, if your fooddoesn't digest as it should,would it not be well tostop and consider-whethercoffee or tea is having itseffect on you?The caffeine and theinfound in coffee and teaare drugs, as any doctorcan tell you. Is it anywonderthatthesteadyuseof these drugs sometimescauses serious damage?"If you really wantttp-. .- .1 . VDS HUT With yourself, Mld-- Postum for Health" "Tjbers'i a Rewoo"?&BELKNAPHARDWARE A MFG. CO.Incorporated' Louisville, KentuckyEverything In HardwareFurniture, RtigsPlumbing SuppliesHeating EquipmentElectrical SuppliesHave Your Old Carpets Made IntoNew Rugs ByTHE CARfiELL RODGERS CO.LOUISVILLE, KY. ,Statuary and Religious ArticlesCandles for Church and Home Use,Tablets, Pencils and School SuppliesRogers Church Goods Co.Incorporated129 S. 4th St., Louisville, Ky.COMPULSORY BLOOD TEST IS FAVORED. ) A number of Louisville physiciansand others from other points in Kentucky will attemnt to have the lesr-islature, which convenes in January,enact a law making it compulsoryupon applicants for marriage licensesto undergo a physical examination.Many doctors believe that such a lawjif rigidly and properly enforced,would be of tremendous value to fujture generations.Dr. Ellis Owen, city t health officerof Louisville, said that he was anenthusiastic believer in a law tomake marriage applicants submit tophysical examinations."Such a law, like all others," hesaid, "would not be without its dangers. The first essential would be tohave the proper physicians servingupon the examining commissions inthe various counties. Some doctorsare radicals along certain lines, andit would he unwise to have anv of) that kind assigned to such work.The physical examination necessarywould be extremely simple 'in character, and would involve no embarrassment to those examined, of eithersex. It is merely a blood test.. Willibroad-minded physicians, not quacks,selected for this work, and with thelaw enforced to the letter, I am surethe benefits would be incalculable."Dueling was authorized amongGermanic peoples as early as the year501. -give yourself the opportunity you deserve inorder to do your bestwork, make up your mindto quit coffee and tea forawhile and drink delicious, appetizing Postuminstead.Postum permits'sound, refreshing sleepwhich builds strength,energyand endurance.Order Postum fromyour Grocer today. Drinkthis hot, refreshing beverage in place of tea or coffee.for 10 days and see whata wonderful difference itwill make in the way youfeel.Postum comes in twoforms: Instant Postum (in tins)made instantly in the cup bythe addition of boiling water.Postum Cereal (in packages oflarger bulk, for those who prefer to make the drink while the13""" W UC1UKmeal is being prepared) madeby boiling for 20 minuteiMboeBSibCARTERDRY GOODS CO.IncorporatedLouisville, KentuckyWholttole .DRY GOODS" 'FURNISHING GOODS,NOTIONS, ETC.LARGEST STOCK IN KENTUCKY .While in Louisville Visit theCONSERVATORYof MUSIC2214 West BroadwayThere is no better music schoolanywhere. It will pay you to learnthe advantages offered by this institution. iA Cordial Welcome Awaits YouCLEAN-UP SQUAD TOVICE MEN.AID SER-When the Sweet bill passed combining the Bureau of War Risk Insurance, U. S. Public Health Serviceand FederalBoard for VocationalTraining under one head, which isnow known as the Veterans' Bureeau,Col. J. C. Forbes, director, said:"Take the Bureau to the servicemen, don't make him 'come to theBureau." Immediately Capt." Wni.Coffin, manager of District No. 7,comprising Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana, organized three clean-upsquads for these States.The Kentucky squad will be located on the second floor of th eBassetBuilding, corner Main and Millstreets, in Lexington, from September 1 to 10, for the purpose of considering claims from the countiesof Bourbon, Fayette, Clark, Scott,Harrison, Nicholas, Madison, Jessamine, Woodford, Anderson, Montgomery and Franklin. Tuesday, September 6, will be Bourbon county, day.The squad comprises two medical examiners, a compensation and claimsadjuster, a representative of the Vocational Training Board, a State representative of the American Legionand the State Red Cross society.The purpose of the squad is to advise and adjust all service men'sclaims against the government, including compensation, medica aid,back pay, Liberty Bonds, vocationaltraining, etc. Every ex-service manin this county who wishes to' file aclaim or has a claim pending shouldcommunicate with the squad duringthis period. Possible claimants. should communicate with the- nearest,Red Cross Chapter for detailed information. It is necessary that eachclaimant bring with him liis discharge papers and all correspondencepertaining to such claim.SITE BOUGHT TOR NEW THEOLOGICAL SCHOOL"The Beeches," a forty-acre tracton Cherokee Drive, near the city limits of Louisville, which will be thesite of the new Southern BaptistTheological Seminary, was formallytransferred to the seminary by Leonard A. Hewitt, executor for the estate of Rudolph Fink.The price was $60,000. Plans forconstruction of the seminary will behastened, according to Rev. E. Y.Mullins, president of the seminary,although the exact date of cdmmencing construction of the buildings hasnot been determined. It is believedthat the work will begin within ayear.?REAL HEROISMDr. J. L. Hartwell, of Philadelphia,cut his own hand while operating forappendicitis.' He could' have suspended the operation and saved Tiimself, but thatwoul have increased the danger tothe patient. " " taHe Icept, fight otf with .hiswork;and a. week later he died ofblbodpoisoning. , a , "The mdical profftaaion .has tolifboar a km list of mirk irirrlltfiiSTATE PAIRMade in Louisville Sold EverywhereSTIMPSONAutomatic ScalesThe BEST 25 Years AgoThe BEST TodaySee them in the Manufacturers'Bldg. at the STATE PAIRVISIT OUR FACTORY ' 4809-1 1-13-15-1 7-1 9-21 -23-25-27 W ESTMARKET STREETEstablished 1817Peter-Neat-Richardson Co.Incorporated "WholesaleDruggists and ImportersLouisville, KentuckyLargest and Most Complete Stock ofWOOD WORKIn the SouthTodd - Donigan Iron Co.LOUISVILLE, KY.HEARD IN PARISHow Bad Backs Have Been MadeStrong Kidney Ills CorrectedAll over Paris you hear it. Doan sKidney Pills are keeping up the goodwork. Paris people are telling aboutit telling of bad backs made soundagain. You can believe the testimonyof your own townspeople. They tellit for the "benefit of you who are suffering. If your back aches, if youfeel lame, sore and miserable, if thekidneys act too frequently, or passages are'' painful, scanty and offcolor, use Doan's Kidney Pills, theremedy that has helped so many ofyour friends. and neighbors. Followthis Paris citizen's advice and giveDoan's a chance to do the same foryou.Thomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant street, says:'Doan's Kidney Pills are all rightand I can recommend them highly.I used D.oan's sometime- ago when mykidneys were out of order and rfiyback ached a lot just over my kidneyo.I jwould have dizzy spells and feltsleepy. I lacked ambition to do mywork, too. As soon as I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills, which I got atC-berdorfer's Drug Store, I got reliefand three boxes cured me."Price, 60c, at all dealers. Don'rsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. AiHern had. Foster-MilburnAHernCo., Buffalo, N. Y.; rv(adv)WOMEN MAY BE MADE "DRY"LAW OFFICERS- More bad news for the bootlegger:He must be on the lookout for thefeminine "dry" officer from now 'oh'.Roy A. Haynes, Federal ProhibitionCommissioner, has announced thathereafter applications of women forplaces in the prohibition enforcement service will be given equal consideration with those of men.The advisability of appointingthem as prohibition officers will beleft entirely to the discretion of theState Directors, wllo make all appointments under them subject tothe approval of the Federal Commissioner. oNEEDED .QUALIFICATIONSCandidates for appointment to theNew Jersey' J3tate police are askedwhether they are willing to facedeath in the discharge of their dutyand whether they can restrain theirtempers when they are insulted.One quality greatly needed in themen. is courage; th( other is selfgovernment. It would be difficulty td say whichis the more important in, a personclothed with official authority.F6r Flies.For the woman who lives in thecountry, and-is unable to get fly paperv tub n hfll BnnA.I'wirio ni-it- '4Vilo LVi!nfr Iwill ber u&riU. Mix half . teagpoonf nilof bl&ck'pL JWa, one teaspoooful brawn.rnVTl'sm0Dful 'ot Biilk, placiJAdJRCv flies" will oon'di-PMEVEfit IN THE SOUTH17 wttisvF&tPeaslee-Gaulbert Co.LOUISVILLE, KY. '...coupon.:.To the bearer of this coupon a sam-.pie can of Pee Gee Re-Nu-Lac, ourwell known 'furniture and floorcolor varnish, will be given FREEif presented at our booth in theMerchants jj and ManufacturersBidldinglatTtlHr State Fair, September 12-17.F.H.VaMfeu,rrs't Um.W.itmatir.Stc'jJ. C. Hukfc, CUtf EagiMerLoiisville Bridge & Iron Co.IncorporatedLOUISVILLE, KY;Bridges, Buildings, Structural SteelWe Have a New, Complete RestRoom for You at theThomas GarageUnder New ManagementGUTHRIE, BET, 2ND & 3RDLowest PricesEver Quotedon Titan andInternational TractorsThe Harvester Company has made another big pricecut onv Titan and International Tractors. This reduction wipes out all former advances and puts thesetractors at the Jowest prices at which they have everbeen sold. We are offerino;.' wInternational 8-16,, $900This price is about one-fourth less than that of March1, 1921. The new price includes all necessary equipmentplatform, fenders, governor, belt pulley whichcost extra on some tractors..'' Titan 10-20, $900This is the lowest price ever quoted on J;he Titan,considering equipment included (formerly sold extra).At this priqe the Titan 3-plow tractor is the best value inthe farm power field. r.A . , . ' rI International 15-30, $1,750 "?s,l his also is lower than any former price. Younot find a better 4-plow tractor for the money.All prices are f . o. b. Chicago. The Harvester Co npany advises us these prices are made regardless of - maif-uiaeiunng costs ana matmaintain them. Tnese prices certainly justify themeaiaie purcnase ot a tractor.We can arrange suitable terms for you. Comeand see us.,cCor. Fourth and20,000 CIGARS FOREWOMENfTwenty .thousand cigars, made es-jgecially for r London's K f ashiinahlefrom Cub rto meet the fomaJI of)thoaev wo, require sometMnrrong-fpVoiijdnent'ocoMaigts tSfoal Smok-v uuxi. -'uiKareiLBs. ccorainar itnngWngV'iwciii wmtbmrr if, jir,v intiTibiaClownCigarettes,Made in Kentucky20 15c- Acan-Jfimey ao not guarantee toim-mBALL OARAGEPleasant Sti.CAH4L BROS.BARWJt SHOPu(KSi ?' ja - - ftr-WHITS JSABfiXSS4TifLA4JX .rnM7 tncreashty'$UMC?: r'S -rC . Iffim JPP6S.0Ts ... "fc-1- Xl.f.. m.V-JF'fVto dutytft Uh .xiie . t TBn.rar J vHFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1921'p5l4&r&rv4VWOMEN WHOCANNOT WORKRead Mrs. Corley's Letter andBenefit by Her ExperienceEdmund, S.C. "I was jun down with-nervousness and female trouble and suffered every month.I was not able to doany work and tried alot of medicine, butgot no relief. I sawyour medicine advertised in a little bookthat was thrown inmy door, and I hadnot taken two bottlesof Lydia E. Pink-ham's VegetableCompound before Icould see it was helping me. I am keeping house now andam able to do all of my worjc. I cannotsay enough for your medicine. It hasdone more for me than any doctor. Ihave not paper enough to tell you howmuch it has done for me and for myfriends. You may print this .letter ifyou wish." Elizabeth C. Corley,care of A. P. Corley, Edmund, S. C.Ability to stand the strain of work isthe privilege of the strong and healthy,"but how our hearts ache "for the weakand sickly women struggling with theirdaily rounds of household duties, withbackaches, headaches, nervousness andalmost every movement brings a newpain. Why will not the mass of lettersjxom women all over this country, whichwe have been publishing, convince suchwomen that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help them just assurely as it did Mrs. Corley?e$mmmY' HJLeHI'WW 4fe ... 1s mi aK Jmmmm-,. zjmmmI - --r- nJKKMLightning Flash Measured.No doubt lightning flashes vary Inthickness but one photographed recently was estimated, from the size ofthe trace it left on a photograph andthe distance of the tower it struckfrom the camera, to be only one-fifth"of an Inch, not much more than someartificial electric sparks.oForgetting Soap an III Omen.Stage people regard it as unlucky toleave soap behind in tjeir dressingrooms when, on tour.KENTUCKY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, HAD SPLENDID" BANQUET ''The Kentucky Alumni Association of the Palmer School of Chiropractic gave a banquet at the L.end-a-HandClub, in Davenport, Iowa,during the meeting of the NationalAssociation of Chiropractors, whichwas" attended by a large,, number ofI distinguished and enthusiastic Ken-tuckians.The banquet hall was beautifullydecorated with Kentucky colors andflowers. The exercises of the evening were opened by prayer by Dr.Vlay, Detroit, Mich. President J. A.Tobin, toastmaster, delivered an interesting welcome address, which wasfollowed Tjy a number of other eloquent talks. Among the most prominent, speakers were Attorney Griffith' Jones, U. C. A. Council, California; Miss Rhinehardt, Philadelphia,Miss Little," secretary of AmericanJVIedical Liberty Association; MissGrace White, Chicago Artist; Dr.Marshall, Lexington, Ky.; Dr. Mohney, Paris, Ky. ;. Dr. Riggs, Winchester, Ky.; Theq. S. Mory, London, Ky.,and many others.Visiting guests were Mr. and Mrs.T. S. Mory, London, Ky.; Mrs. MayC. Lewis, London, Ky.; Miss NevilleMrs. E. R. Westerfelt, Pahucah, Ky.:Miss Wells, of Lincoln MemorialUniversity, Harrogate, Tenn. Thereare also about 20. members of thelocal Alumni present.Dr. W. S. Mory is secretary of theKentucky Alumni.."Cold in the Head"Is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" -will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. .Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh .may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE ifltaken internally and acts through theBlood on the "Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the inflammation andrestoring normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.&MEKICA LEGION' &U0S &ES-SIONS AT LEXINGTONGlasgow was chosen as the 1922meeting place for the 'Kentucky Department of the American Legion, atthe State Convention held in Lexington last week. The conventioncommittee reported unanimously infavor of that city and although Ashland asked for the meeting the .delegates present selected Glasgow unanimously.The convention unanimously adopted a long list of resolutions, most ofwhich were presented by H. J. Stites,of Louisville. ttAmong the resolutions adopted wasone "welcoming" the attack of theSocialistic party on the Legion madein a statement given out in Chicago,Thursday. f A resolution opposing thepardoning of Eugene V. Debs and another condemning the pardoningofcriminals in Kentucky also werepassed.The United States Chamber 3fCommerce 'was condemned in oneresolution for fighting the AmericanLegion's adjusted compensation bill.More than one thousand veteransof the world war, the" Civil iwar,Spanish-American war and other former service men in military' operations and demonstrations of the United States did "column .right' in Lexington, Friday, in a syle thafrcharaeterized their marching when "underarms and orders of the United Statesgovernment. It was the third annualparade of the Kentucky departmentof the American Legion.Close xRace Indicated.A scientist predicts that the endof the earth will be glacial. In otherwords, the coal trust will outlive theice trust. Greenville (S. C.) Piedmont.COAL TAR PAINTGood For OutbuildingsFences, Etc. "Almost as cheap as whitewash, lastsfour times as lcng, besides it preservesthe wood. Good for any kind of roof.Sold in barrel lots.,GeorgetownWater,Gas',EIectric& Power Co..(Incorporated.)(23-6t) Georgetown, Ky.$IMPORTANT STAKESOf the Annual Fall Meeting att,iLATONIA(Convenient to Cincinnati)Sept. 3rd to Oct. 8thLatonia Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, one mile and a sixteenth, Saturday,,Septeniber 3.Autumn Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, six furlongs, Monday, September 5.Covington Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year oldsand upward, one mile and three-sixteenths, Saturday,September 10.Fort" Thomas Handicap, $5,000 added, 2-year-olds, sixfurlongs, Saturday, September 17.Latonia Championship Stakes, $15,000 added, for 3-year-olds,pnemile and three-quarters, Saturday, September 17:Twin City Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-oldsand upward, one mile and five, furlongs, Saturday, September 24.Queen City Handicap, $10,000 added, for 2-year-olds,one mile, Saturday, October 1.Latonia Cup, $7,500 added, for 3-year-olds and upward, two- miles and a quarter, Saturday, October 8.Theserich fixtures and a correspondingly liberal policy throughout mark a season of racing planned in theinterests of horsemen and public aHke. The Fail Meeting at Latonia has attracted the best horses in training.Any day's program will be worth traveling miles to see.KENTUCKY JOCKEY CLUBINCORPORATEDLATONIA, KY, COURSEKENTUCKY WOMEN FURNISH ANOBJECT LESSON .The New York Morning HeraMhad the following ' observation onthe editorial page:'fThe attention of our only womanmember of Congress, who strangelyenough is an anti-femist, is invitedto a recent episode in the Cumberland Mountains. It might have beenstaged by a motion picture director,but it was not. It was 'regular.'Moonshining is it fixed habit with.many mountaineers, and male officials have failed to prevent illicitdistillation and the criminal distribution of whisky. The women tooka hand. They announced that thelaw must be respected, and the answer was a posted warning that 'eveiywoman will hear the crack of arifle.' This might have influencedmen enforcement agents, but it hadno effect whatever on the 'female ofthe species.' They went out after thelaw breakers and they got a few."Six stills weie located, capturedand destroyed in a single day, whichis doing pretty well fbr the sex th.itis held in such light esteem by MissRobertson."However, itjmay be that theirconduct in a way justifies the objection that a woman sit in the disarmament conference. A lady delegatemight create friction by installingthat armament is necessary to protect countries against internationalcriminals, just as armament is necessary in the Cumberland Mountainsto protect society against criminalbootleggers."Viewed in any light, the episodeis worthy of serious thought. It maylead to a movement to 'feminize' theEnforcement Bureau and appointagents regardless of sex. We are ofthe opinipn that a few wise wonwncould accompalish much in New YorkCity." fName "Bayer". on GenuineBewaie! Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tabletsyou are not getting genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians for twentyone years and proved safe by millions. tTake no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can, tate them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tablet?cost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is the,trade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)o 1NOT THAT KIND OE BOOKV '"The Brimming Cup," TDorothyCanfield's latest book, seems to beselling in unusually large numbers ina town twenty miles south of theCanadian border, in the State ofWashington. A book salesman withmore than the ordinary percentageof curiosity, chancing, into 'the townfor a day's stay, casually inqtiiredthe reason.The storekeeper smiled."Oh, we're just twenty miles fromthe source of 'wet goods,' you know,"he explained. "I didn't know how to Iaccount for the big sale myself atfirst, even though it is an' unusuallygood story., But finally I' found outthat most "of its purchasers, beforethey read it, were laboring 'underthe impression that it was a book qfrecipes." ' , .-erxQJourQfiecKS."vtmm. ij ib'MPiH Jl- rf m ' " AmHEI -m j& III 1Safeguarded, toorM our Bank we use every known method for protection ofour depositors. We have adopted theProtectuCheckStern for the benefit of our depositors so that the amountof their checks may be safeguarded against being "raisedshould they be lost, stolen, or fall into dishonest hands.With the Protectu Check System, you can write yourcheck for a given amount and by a cutter attached to thecover, you can then tear of the check at the desiredamount like a money order. No check raiser can thenraise your- check for five to five hundred or ten to onehundred dollars.These new Protectu Checks are supplied to all' ourdepositors with checking accounts without cod.If you are considering opening a checking account, callat our bank and see this improved service that we artfurnishing our patrons.SPECIAL SIZE CHECK BOOKS FOR BUSINESS USE. EQUAIXPRACTICAL FOR POCKET, DESK, AND PAT ROLL USWE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSPeoples Deposit& Trust Co.4ttiaQJhdoGberijtftmg(Possitfleto Protect 'ourVepositom,y!--nKiBankCARMENSUFFEREDTWENTY YEARSLouisville Man Has At Last PoundWhat He Has Been Long4N Needing;W?. T. Carmen, 442 South Firststreet, Louisville, Ky., who for fiftytwo years has plied his trade of repairing sewing machines in thatcity, says:"Dyspepsia was the curse of mylife and when I began taking TanlacI had been suffeiing from stomachtrouble for twenty years. My wholesystem was in bad condition. My30ints weie stiff, every bone in mybody ached and I also had severebionchial trouble,"I can say for Tanlac it has madea new man out of me and I'm coivinced it's the greatest discoveryever made in the medicine line. Inever in better physical condi-wastion in my life than I am right now,and no one, to look at me, could tellI had ever had a sick day."Tanlac is sold by all leading drugstores. (adv)" miiirrmtiiiii i.milllllliJiin UHlij- miIT1HE studious caresnven dv us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrange-sments in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.As Bad as the Shower. .While visiting a friend who livedquite a distance from my home, a'shower threatened, and I remarked:"I guess I'll go before I get wet"While passing a few more remarks Iwalked backward toward the door, butnot noticing where I was going, I'landed inNa tub of water on the floor.The shower couldn't have gotten meany wetter! Chicago Journal.DnWaddell'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedMi until yon have tried Dr. Waddell'sfOm Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guarfcxxteed to gfra absolute satisfaction orisonay refunded. $1.50 per botfla at yourIrani If not write us.BfcdiraieC64ISnildtsGroVeJ&Ji'i;i'HttH;H;w:PM'WIdi -. asfel'-' m-m!LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FARECltC QC INCLUDING D TP9a09 WAR TAX ICaTIS IOLOUISVILLEaccount ;Kentucky State FairTickets on sale Sept. 10 to 16, inclusive and for trainsscheduled to arrive m Louisvule before noon Sept. 17th:Tickets good for return to reach Paris before midnichtSept. 19th.For further or detailed information, apply to local ticketagent.Patronize BourbonNews . AdYertber. .r-ImVdiuijTfyLv'2?,v.yaP:-U vt m &;vVjT" .Y$fjh.VV -W, M6 j."i vr. yirfU4 ?K$S " tr - ,&- , -4r-3lff. rJ. e .A "Vk-' j. ' A " -t, . y y$ ,,',.., - wrap ' v tftlra t3 , -r 'y - yW V j f " , 4 s tPAGE EIGHTMILLERSBURGTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENfUCKY Friday, SEPfUMBLi t' 4a.-4HUTCHISON ITEMSim 1 wc TNTiMWATmm(MmKi iJii-. 3?VJ1tIij-res.II..31V"MrJ-IP1Several from here are attendingtke Lexington Pair this week.-Miss Constance Hill, of Paris, isfisiting her cousin, Mrs. Allie Miller.Mrs. Elliott, of Denver, Colo.,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. B.W. Spencer.Mrs. J, B. Cray;-and Master Jas.-Ieer are visiting Mrs. "Wj. S. Judy,of Lexington. 'Mr. John Letton, of Atlanta,&., i& visiting iis mother, Mrs.Jeni& Letton.Miss Cordie Lawrence, of Georgetown, is the guest .of her sister, Mra.J. W. Lancaster.Mr. and Mrs. J. JWl-fShanklin,of Owingsville, are visiting Mr. andMrs. J. 0. Ralls.Rev. and Mrs. A. G. Cox and son,oC "Converse, Indiana, are visiting thetatter's mother-, Mrs. Henry Patteraan. Misses Margaret and Edith"Wood left the first of the week tofcegin their school duties in MaysTille. Friends of Miss Elizabeth Riceregret to hear of the death of hersister, Miss . Sue Rice, of Little?3Rock. 1T-, T T7 A lame loft Til ASflnV- XICV. J. . X'. XiVLM-UiW, -v -.- vto attend the annual conference ofthe Methodist Episcopal Church,South, at Somerset.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Davis havereturned to their home in Louisville,after a visit to the latter's parents,Mr. and Mrs. D. P. Jones.Millersburg High School opened.Monday with an enrollment of 226-pupils, an increase over the first-day's enrollment of last year.The meeting at the Baptistchurch being held by Rev. Boozerill close to-night. Those who haveHot taken advantage of hearing hissermons have missed a treat.Dunlap Saunders, one of thewide-awake club members, won threefirst premiums at Lexington Fair, iTuesday, with a Junior Duroc Jersey gilt from Mr. Meng's herd.We are glad to know Mr. anl3rs. Albert Evans and family willmake their home in Millersburg, and )that their son, Cletis, will havecharge of the Home Telephone officeliere.Millersburg and immediate vicinity was visited Tuesday afternoonby a windstorm of almost cy.clon-cTelocity, accompanied by a heaydownpour of rain and a display ofelectricity. Much damage was done,to telephone wires and windows.Friends of Miss Elizabeth Rice,teacher of the Sixth Grade in theMillersburg Graded School, regratvery much to hear of the death of hersister, Miss Sue Rice, which occurred Monday night at the home oflier sister, Mrs. Edsell Clark. During Miss Rice's absence her schoolwork was carried forward by Mrs.J. W. Lancaster.There was speaking at the Bap--list church Wednesday evening, in, keeping with "Better School Week"program inaugurates. Dy tne &tate tSchool Department. Col. C. M. Bestand Col. W. R. Nelson .gave five-:minute talks on the educationalamendments. Dr. George Ragland,of Georgetown College, nade a splendid educational address.Mr. B. F. Hensley, who has forseveral months been connected withB. E. Clarke, in the coal, feed andseed business in. ZfH.ersburg, ihasresigned his position, and returnedto Winchester, his old home, whereie has accepted a similar position''TK-itTi thf "r T Pnvsp P.n rloaloi-ci ' . : j . l"'-"--i sS in coal, teed, etc. Prior to comingto Millersburg. Mr. Henslev was con-ected with the Royse Co., in Win-vQTg, Chester in me same position to wnicnie'has returned.tobacco ttatl insurance.mccltjbe & donaldson. agts.;first national bank bldg..Xl-tf)FARMERS I mm.- ; BANK, 1 PARIS, KY,i' v Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916V : CAPITAL -$ $60,000.00-.' ''?SURPLUSk -"::.$26;ooo,ooOFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, President& L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. "SiJ. Mitchell, CashierSp. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921Money back without QuestionI if HUNT'S GUARANTEEDI WON DISEASE PRUFnresI (Hutt'i Salve and Soap), fail inwc ueaiment 01 itcn. Eczema,RiBcworra, Tetter or other itchior k!a diseases. Trv thistreatment at our titk,-" VAlDEir A SOK,L - Tm, Xy.-sThe Hutchison and Bethlehem,schools opened with a large attend-aice Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Gray spentSunday with Mr. and Mrs. "Fred Gray,in this vicinity.Mrs. Samuel Curtis and childrenwere guests several days this weekpf Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Vickers.Mr. Wesley Martin and MissGrace: Martin have been attendingthe evangelistic tent meeting held inParis.Mrs. Jesse "Vvy Smith, who hasbeen confined to. her room for severalweeks by illness, is able to be outagainJ Miss Lillie Mae Smart has re-turned to her home after a brief visitwith friends and relatives in Lexington. Mr. Alonzo Ginn, whose leg wasfractured by the kick of a mule afew days ago, is reported as restingcomfortably. ' tTobacco men in this vicinityhave begun to cut their tobacco, although the weather has not been exactly suitable for the purpose.Mr. and Mrs. J..W. Smith andchildren and Miss Elsie Smith motored to Winchester. Sunday, andspent the day with the former's sister, Miss Jessie Osborne.Messrs. Butler, Lloyd, Harrisand W. M. Smart, Misses Rosa .andPattie Lee Harris and Lillie MaeSmart composed a motor party attending the Saints meeting in Winchester recently.oSMART FALL MODELSA COMPLETE AND ADVANCESHOWING OE EARLY EALL DEESSAND TAILOEED HATS NOWREADY.WE ARE SURE TO HAVE THERIGHT MODEL FOR YOU.9-4t) MRS. MAYME PARKER.oDEATHS.BAKERThe funeral of Mrs. Ollie BellBaker, aged twenty, was held yesterday morning, with services conducted at the grave in the oldStull burying ground, in Clark county. Mrs. Baker, who was the wifeof Cecil Baker, died at her home nearClintonville, Tuesday night, after ashort illness. She was the daughterpf Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Reynolds, ofBourbon county. Besides her husband, she is survived by four sisters,Miss Julia Reynolds, Mrs. BerthaHiley, Miss Wfcllie Reynolds and MissInez Reynolds, all of Bourboncounty.WELSHThe body of William F. Welsh,aged fifty four, a former resident ofthe Spears Mill vicinity, in Bourboncounty, who died at his home inShelby county, after a long illness,was brought to Paris, and intprrorlin tlle paris Cemetery, where asnort service was held.Mr. Welsh resided in Paris for ashort time, later moving to theSpears Mill vicinity, where he w.isengaged in farming. He was a brother of Mrs. J. Henry Fuhrman andMrs. John Chisholm. both of Paris.! He had been engaged in" farmingIncar Shelbyville for several years.McMillanFriends in Piris of Rev. E. C.McMillan, former pastor of the PansPresbyterian church, were grieved tolearn of his death, which occurred inLQuisville recently. The body wastaken to Huntington, West Va., forburial. Rev. McMillan was a graduate of the Marietta, O., College, andof Lane Seminary, in Cincinnati.Afterf traveling for a year he becamepastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, later holding a pastorate atFranklin, Indiana. He was born inBurlington, Ohio, and is, survived byone brother, a1Iajor Herbert C. McMillan, oT Huntington, West Va.Rev. McMillan was a man of highintellectual attainments and an eloquent pulpit orator- He, is well remembered here hy the older membersof, the Paris congregation, whom hoserved faithfully and devotedly.RICE.The death tof Miss Sue Rice,aged thirty-four, which occurred atthe home of her sister. Mrs. EdsellClark, at Little Rock, ' this county,Monday night, caused deep sorrow mthe entire community. Miss Ricehad been in declining health for thepast four years, and had spent several months at various health resortsin the hope of 'gaining a restorationof health. Her condition graduallygrew worse, however, and all hopesof saving her life was despaired ofseveral weeks agoMiss Rice was a lifelong: memberI of the Christian church and was adevout Christian young woman.Until about four years ago she hadmade her home with her sisters, inCarlisle. Refined and amiable, shpossessed all the lovely traits 'fcharacter which endeared her to alarge circle of -X riehds. She was adaughter of the la'te Miv and Mrs. S.A. Rice, of Garlisle, and was a graduate of the Carlisle High School.Miss Rice is survived by five sis-'ters, Mrs. Edsell Clark, of LittleRock, Mrs. S. H. Nicol, of Lexington,Mrs. Grant Metcalfe, of Detroit,Mich., Miss Elizabeth Rice, of MUlersburg, and Miss Elton Rice, ifLittle Rock. . .The funeral was held at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Esdell Clark, atLittle Rock, Wednesday morning,with services conducted by Re.Ward Russell. The interment tookplace in the Carlisle Cemetery,o-fl we do not take an interest inEurope we need not expect to get theinterest on the principal which Europe owes us.iflHBK k , K fly . VbY flB VB flHHHHHHI H BBHL' V2:001jTO-DAY, FRIDAYDorothy DaltonVIN"The Idol of theNorth"A PARAMOUNT PICTUREA romance of gold and the Great Northwest, and a dance hall beauty who knewhow to handle men.Also JUANITA HANSEN in"THE YELLOW ARfi"With Warntr Oland and MargueriteCourtot 'A spectacular serial brimful ofthrills! thrills! thrills!And Snub Pollard Comedy"YOU'RE NEXT" ,ADMISSION-ADULTS 27cMATRIMONIAL.. . .A marriage license was0 issuedMonday by County Clerk PearcejPaton to Claude Toohey, 19, and Arizona Edwards, 17, both of Bourboncounty.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Edward D.Smart, 23, of Paris, Louisville andNashville fireman, and Miss Ruby r.Roberts, 22, of near Carlisle.RICHARDSON MULLIGANJames A. Mulligan, 24, of Paris,and Miss Plallie Richardson, 21, ofJicholasville, were married Tuesdayby County Judge Edward Matchay,in his private office in the Jessamineicounty court house at Nicholasville.CONNER DUNCANMiss Maude Conner and Mr.Shirley Duncan, both of Clark county,were married in this city at theliome of the officiating minister, Rer.Arthur Fox, pastor of the Paris Baptist church. They returned to theirLnew home after the ceremony. Mr.Duncan is engaged in farming nearWinchester.ROBERTS SMARTMiss Runie Roberts, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. N. B. Roberts, of nearCarlisle, and Edward D. Smart, ofParis, were united in' marriage at sixo'clock Tuesday afternoon, at thelesidence of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church . Immediatelyafter the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Smart left for a short bridal tripofter which they will go to Ravenmito reside.The bride is the eldest daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Roberts, and is an.attractive and very popular youngwoman. Mr. Smart is- a former resident of Nicholas county, but has beena lesident of Paris for several year.-;.He holds a responsible position wichthe Louisville and Nashville road atRavenna.CLARK FARRINGTON, Mrs. Walter Clark, of Paris,announces the engagement, of hferdaughter, Miss Patsey Elizabeth! Clark, to Mr. Ray Phillip Farring-ton, of Philadelphia, Pa. The gilding will take place in the earfy.autumn, before the departure of "thebride-elect's brother,- Mr. WallaceClark, for China, where he goes nsforeign representative of the American Tobacco Company. Miss Clprkis 'a handsome and very talentedyoung woman, an accomplished musician and very popular with a largecircle of friends and relativesthroughout the Bluegrass. She is a.sister of Messrs. Wallace Clark andRay Clark, former Parisians. MrFarrington is a prominent youngbusiness man of Philadelphia, wb.erei heis tne reDreseniauve ui :iauand the FalconTurnbullSteel Co.,Steel Co.of Ohio.MISSED rAMTTJAR EACEVisitors to the Blue Grass Fail- atLexington this year missed the familiar face of Uncle Johnnie Shell.The old man, now in his alleged137th year, according to the hunchof fakirs who "exhibited" him- atLexington aud Louisville, still Mle.and hearty, was this year allowed orest in, peace in his Greasy CreVk.home, no doubt to accumulate another small mortgage on it, so he canbe "exhibited," say two years rfrpmnow, by which time it Is expecte'diiewill have reached the ripe old ageof one hundred and seventy-five, jraarsUncle Johnnie was a gold mine forthat bunch of Lexington grafters,but he has now ceased to be a drawing card. ,o .A correspondent wants to knowTvhat was the first vessel namedtinhonor of the State of Arkansas.Wasn't it the one built by Noah?to 5:30Tomorrow, Saturday"Too Wise Wives"A PARAMOUNT PICTUREOne woman loved . her husband toomuch andiburdened his life with her wifeliness. The other loved her husband notat all, and made him blindly happy for herown selfish ends.Then fate slyly pulled the strings andthe storm that followed clears up a fewthings about marriage.An intimate real-life romance thatpeeps behind the scenes of a millionhomes. . With a cast including ClaireWindsor and Mona Lisa.A Lois Weber production.A"MYSTICPLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c,BIRTHS.In this city, on August 24, tothe wife of Wm. H. Wade, a daughter, weight 8 pounds. The littleone has been christened Minnie LeeWade. , rFriends of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasT. Templin, Jr., are extending congratulations upon the arrival of alittle son at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, Monday night.The new arrival has been namedThomas Terrence Templin, Jr., and Isthe fifth generation carrying, thatname. "MARGOLENS BACON SPECIAL H)HTEN DAYS.WE HAVE SOME EENE COUNTRY BACON THAT WE ARE GOING TO SELL AT 18 CENTS PERPOUND FOR THE NEXT TENDAYS.MARGOLEN MEAT MARKET.Sale of1This week we place on sale a timely purchase offor Boys, Misses and Growing Girls at on-third priceyour school shoe needs at.inprice.Extraordinary Special While They Last! . Misses' andChildren's Gun Metal$Misses' and Children $3.50Metal School Shoes, all sizes.S2.49rBoys' and Youths' $3.50 GunSale price t '$2.49Boys' and Youths' Tan English andxBluch,erShoes, $5.00 values. Sale price ,-$3.49Final. ClearanceBrown and BlackLot of Ladies' $5.00Final Sale priceandS2.95tLadies' White Strap Slippers- Final Clearance .New Fall .Goods Arriving Daily in Walk-OverShoes. Ask for the famous make In Walk-Over PrincecPat-endorsed by the Y. W. C.1. of New YorkDANParis' Greatest ShoeMJSL" ' 'I ' " - -"'?7:00JALSOMUSHni .CHILDREN AND GALLERYThe Indiana Mayor who barredspooning in the cemetery must haveregarded it as a grave offense.i(TL. lAfl!MANCOMEDYYoung Women Train for NursemaidsOne year course of Practical and Theoretical instruction. PAIDWHILE TRAINING. Board, room and laundry furnished. Requirements,Grammer School Education. Address:SUPERINTENDENT CHILDRENS'OHOSPITAL,(sept6-8t) Mt. Auburn, Cincinnati, O.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESOPEN DAY AND NIGHT JtExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage Supplies(tf) Cars WashedSchoolthis store tomorrow, Saturday, at these great savings.Lace Boots, Vici KidAil Sizes 9 to 2, A $3.00Tan and GunSale priceMetal Shoes.Growing Girls'Boots, all sizesxtfj-of Summer Footwear Now On!Oxfords at Reductions of One-Half and Less ! .$6.00 Slippers.Lot of Ladies'Final Sale priceCO HStorei Where Beauty.to 10:30Monday, Sept. 12thCorinne Griffith :INlie wwmsperMarket"YOU WILL ENJOY ITBecause it has a thrilling story oflove, romance and adventure. "because it has beautiful scenic backgrounds typical of Rio de Janeiro.Because it gives Miss Griffith a rolein which to display her emotional ability.Because it has a cast of popular motion picture players.ALSOA Century Comedy99and Pathe Reviewlie PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cT,he women of Java are beingtaught Western theories of equalitywith men.Shoes!dependable Scool Footwearreduction. Mothers! Buy$1.99BootsValue.Misses' and , Children's $4.00 High GradeBrown and Black Boots. Sale rice$2.99School Shoes, S5.00 " Lace2 1-2 to 7. Salel)rice$3.49Ladies' and Growing Girls' LowHeekLaceBoots, $4.00-values. Sale price. M ' ,$2.99$4.00 Wdut) Slippers.."$2.49-.UiOxfords amrE Nand Economy Rcijn9h-,,-mMiiPvj, "&!w&t f3$a.i.. n . -r TKiJ?1tiivire-r " - v '-l&fig?-" '?? vi "A-rfS.ri.wt y vIJmwi mac- -K, ' ' xj -v. .. zxxh "a. i. -. rr j-'-- i ' j- 7-ax ii. Ai xt. i . . BBr l vmr -mtrt