a vrT-j3-,V V A' Vhrfji&l13w:"felm-,,TNEWSf?Xr , ry, , u.-- 2vA.nn - - -j ?tv- ?..;S."V'?LtXw'i" t' nrtfcPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-F-VOLUME XL1"PARIS, BOURBONCOUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL $ 1921XJ--1 ..THEBOURBON' A&y-j1a:MlONFour persons were killed and morethan 26 injured when the RoyalPalm, northbound train No. 2, thocrack train of the Southern RailwaySystem, was wrecked just north, ofNew River, Tenn., Wednesday afternoon 'at 2:40 o'clock-The engine and tender and threecoaches were 'overturned and three ofthe Pullman cars were derailed.None of the train crew was killed,all of he fatalities having beenamong the passengers.The wreck was one of the mostdisastrous in the history of theSouthern Railway. It is believed tohave been caused by the buckling ofTails. The scene of the wreck isabout 130 miles south of Lexington.The dead are: F. E. Cook, Orion,Mich.; E. J. Bussey, Detroit, Mich.:F. Rammlch, Detroit, Mich?; W. M.Parks, Grand Rapids, Michigan.Mrs. Iiillie King, of Opera Places,Cincinnati, O., is known to have suffered a wrenched back and H. Demming, 21099 .Colerain avenue, Cincinnati was cut about the face, 'headand lips.Joe Kramer, of Chicago, HI., andHarry Sickle, of St. Mary's, O., alsowere slightly injured. Names of anyof the other passengers who wereinjured could not he learned.The Royal Palm, which is due inLexington at 6:35 o'clock was enroute from Jacksonville to Cincinnati when the wreck occurred. Thetrain which is one of the safest andbest equipped on the Southern system was loaded wjlth tourists returning from Florida.The train was carrying throughPullman cars for Chicago, Detroit,Indianapolis, and Toledo, in addition to the regular .day coache3.Most of the passengers were frompoints north of the Ohio river, thePullmans containing other passengers being carried on the OhioSpecial, which follows ..the RoyalPalm.The itrain from all indications wasrunning on schedule when the wreckoccurred as it was not due in Lexington until 6; 3 5 o'clock Wednesday-night. .When news of the wreck was received ut division headquarters "atSomerset and Harriman Junction,Tenn., all'available physicians andnurses were immediately summonedand started for the scene.. o .SROOH SPECIALWATCH OUR WINDOW TOR BIGSPECIAL PRICE ON BROOKS ONSATURDAY. APRIL 9.W. N. DEERING & SON.,' SPECIAL FOR SATURDAY .JOTTK KILLED IN WRECKSOUTHERN RAILWAYMMIHIMHmiHim!mHHHt"H"'lilllinHfFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSI We Are Now ShowingSPRINGMODELSk r inI Frocks, Suits and WrapsBLOUSE&IN ALL THE NEW MATERIALSAND SHADESHAND MADE BLOUSES IN BATISTEjANDVOILEIN OUR PIECE GOODS DEPARTMENT:CANTON CREPE IN ALL THE NJEW SHADES. NEW WOOL AND SILK SKIRTINGS .FRENCH AND DOMESTIC GINGHAMS AND9 VOILESDRESS 'LINENS1-r"SHOP AT l-IOME'.'FRANK & CO.T ' -LADIES1lMltlMlllllilillli"'IJH'MIIIHJAIL BREAKER RETURNED TOCOUNTY BASTILERobert Green, colored, 'who was indicted by the grand jury on thy.charges of housebreaking, grand larceny, carrying concealed deadlyweapons and jailbreaking, was arrested several daysago in Cincinnati and brought back to Paris by IChief of Police Link.Green made his escape from theParis jail in February by scaling thewall and dropping to the ground below. In the fall he broke the bonesjof one foot, it was learned afterward. In spite of this handicap hemanaged to make a clean get away,and was not heard of until a fewdays ago, when he applied at the Cincinnati General Hospital for treatment. It was discovered that 'gangrene had set in. He was suspectedas being the man wanted here forjailbreaking, and Ghief of PoliceLink was notified. Link made a tripto Cincinnati, and identified Green,who at that time was in too bad acondition to be rempved. He waslater in the week brought to Paris.He is still in a serious condition, andphysicians are of the opinion his footmay have to belajmputated. Green'strial will come up at the June termof the Bourbon Circuit Court.CAR TURNS TURTLE.While driving on the Paris andLexington pike, a short distance outof Paris, Monday afternoon, Mrs.Florence Cook and a party of friendsfrom Georgetown, escaped serious injury when their car overturned inpassing another on the road.The party had been to Paris, attending the Billy Sunday meeting,and returning, Mrs. Cook, who wasdriving, ran too near the edge of ,theroadand the car" dropped over theedge of an embankment, turning overtwice in its descent. 3trs. Cook andher guests, Mrs. Ella Parker, Mrs.Minnie Sandifer, Mrs. Rilla Godeyand Miss Allen Kimbroigh, werepinned under the car until passersbyextricated them. Mrs. Sandifersustained a sprained ankle and was cutabout the forehead, and Mrs. Parkerreceived a cut on chin. The occupantswere able to . proceed on their journey after having their car righted.'PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTBICBUXSrDon't forget that the 10th of themonfh is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)IN ALL SHADESOUTFITTESSPRING STYLE SHOW SCORES ABIG HIT. J CAPABLE HANDS.iIn the parlance of the stage, the A large audience greeted the prebig Spring Style Show, inaugurated sentation of the playlet, "PeacefulTuesday and Wednesday by enter- Valley," .at the Paris "High Schoolprising merchants of Paris, "scored , auditorium, last, night, by membersa big hit." The Show was a success of the Senior Class, under the suin every particular, and received a pervision of Prof. Edward Saxon, ofwell-merited meed of praise from the , Transylvania College, Lexington,big audience that packed the Paris The mejmbers of the, cast producGrand both nights. ing the playlet carried their pansDid ttie men go to the Style Show? through with true dramatic attenDid they? We say they did. They tion and details, and each did hiswere "there in nmmbers and seemed or her best to make the presentationto enjoy every bit of it. The wo- all tha"t had been predicted,men were certain to go ,anyhow. 1 The production was so well renderhecause anything relative ,to fashions ed that no individual can be givenand style i naturally appeals to them, especial mention. The scenes in theand a style show is the"very apothe- ! first act were laid in the Ayrtoposis of attire. But, since the announcements were made that themerchants would have some ferystartling displays in women's andmen's attire, the women had to fighttheir waytjn and take their chancesthrough a crowd of men. Clothes attract women. What is more or lessinside of clothes attracts the men.Thgis is a combination which doescredit to the mythologicalyinstinct ofParis merchants. The Style, Showjier.was a success because it was so aestined frqjm the very start.When the dpors of the Grand wereopened Tuesday night for the firstperformance there was a veritablestampede and in a short while thehouse was filled from pit to dome,and standing room at a- , premium.Even window seats were seized on aspoints of vantage. Anticipation wasat a high pitch, and the feminineportion of the audience could hardlywait for that part of the programwhere the fashions would be theleading feature.Following the overture by Gregg'sOrchestra, and the picture feature,Pathe News, the first part of thefashion reviews was rung up, beinga display of sport clothes. Thegowns and suits were displayed bythe following: Mr. Leach, representing I. L. Price & Co., Miss Scott,representing C. S. Goldstein, Mr. Sutton, representing Mitchell & Blakemore, Miss Kash, representing TheLeader Store, Mr. Mitchell, representing Jos. W. Davis. & Co., MissHayden, representing C. S. Goldstein, Mr. Mullen, representingThe Leader Store. The gowns andsuits displayed were artistic creations and won the instant applauseand approbation of Je-. ailen$elThe stage settings were iurnisnfD-iThe J. T. Hinton Co., shoes by HarryLinville and Posner Bros., athleticequipment by Daugherty ros., andsilver ware by the A. J. Winters Co.The second part featured street andafternoon dresses and men's businesssuits. In this act the outstandingfeature was a dance charmingly executed by a dainty little miss, Pauline Davis, of Lexington, whoseclever interpretation and gracefuldancing won the hearty and spontaneous applause of the audience, com- jpelling several encores.' John Craig,son of Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig,and Miss Helen Frances Farmer,daughter of Mrs. Frank Farmer, ofParis, furnished an edifying and appreciative stunt in the program dytheir exposition of childrens' stylo,sharing honors with the principals.The remainder of the program wosmade up of a six-reel motion picture, "Clothes," and a display of evening gowns and suits, and a dance inevening clothes by. Miss Kash andMr. Leach.Wednesday's offerings foundequally a's large a crowd present to enjoythe proceedings. The program wascomposed of motion pictures, "Topics of the Day," x comedy, "A Seminary Scandal," and "Clothes,' displays of street clothes and men'sbusiness suits; afternoon dresses andmen's Palm Beach x suits': dance byMiss Kash and Mr. Leach.VICTORY MEDALS FOR FORMERSERVICE MENPostmaster J. Walter Payne hasrpp.e.ived notice from the VictoryMedal Department, in Louisville, thatVictory Medals are now ready forrtiRtrihniion to the ex-service man fParis and Bourbon county. All whohave not received a Victory Medalare asked to write to the VictoryTtfedal Department, Room 510, P. O.Building, Louisville, Ky. All ex-servicemen who avere in the servicebeaween April 6, 1917,nd November 11, 1918, ure entitled to one otthese medals. The notice to Mr.t-w .A-- 7Ta -FrllmxrariyilC 1MUO aa j.vrw... ,-m,fl-wflr TWjtrtment his invested, -a i4.u ,.CnrmRihility ofTniS llllll'.t' 1 LIL IHO vu -laistributing 85,000 Victory JUeoa.sii "rrr 1.3to the ex-service men ui iuC "'' jwnr in "Kentucky, and desires tnat.we secure the co-operation of theKentuckyt press and postmasters m:.. . sannouncing ima i&auc t'To this end I am enclosing anattractive poster bearing thelilro-..rV., hali!OKiyaia' r;; m by Uatrol-ness oi-tne victory lueua. ""arrested suiuiuaj .0-- - -;..appreciate it very much if you wmpost it in a conspicuous)place in the!od ith Yioiation of the proh 1WU01lohby of the pastoffice, and -quirers for intormation indi ....n c o hapott instructions ariay.. .- v .-wr thP. abovej 6ce."uc -w., "J '- ,,"PEACEFUL VALLEY" CAST INHouse, in the White Mountains, atthe home and perpendicular farm ofHosea Howe, in the second act, andin Mrs. Howe's "best room'.' in the,third act. The cast "; of , characterswas as follows:Hosea Howe, man of the mountains Claiborne Lisle.Jotham Ford, hotel ' keeper JimMcClintock.Ward Andrews Raymond Stapn-Leonard Rand, merchant princeCletis Evans.Charley Rand his son James M.Dundon.Jack Fraghuar Ussery Wilder.Wilson, a waiter--Collins Hall.Virgie Rand, worth winning---JosephineFithian.Niobe Farghuar, Jack's sisterHedgie Taylor.Phillis Howe Elizabeth JJeaver.Martha, hef daughter FrancesKenney.The following were patrons torthe playlet, which' will be givenagain to-night, at the same place,the curtain rising promptly at 8:15:Mrs C. M. Clay, regent of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R.; Mrs.Owen L. Davis, president of the Women's Club; Mrs-Thos. H. Clay, Jr.,chairman of the Literary Departmentof the Women's Club; Miss LucyBIythe , Simms, - chairman of theCommunity Service and Civics Department; Sister Bernadine, St.Mary's School; Mrs. W. G. Talbott,president Richard Hawes Chapter.U D. of C. Mrs. H. S. Towler,Christian Science church; Rev. Father Wm. O'Hara, oT the Church cfThe Annunciation; Mrs. James Duncan Bell, PresbyterianChurch; Mr.and-Jtfrs. James McClure. Methodidtchurch: Silas E. Bedford,- Baptistchurch; Prof, and Mrs. -Lee Kirkparick; Paris High School; Wm. E.Hacker, secretary Paris CommercialClub; Miss Reba Lockhart, HighSchool faculty; Miriam Galloway,Betsy Helburn and Collins Hall, thestudent body.oMLSSROEE, PRESIDENT OF CLASS-ICAL ASSOCIATiUHThe two-day sebsion of the Kenlucky Classical Association, whichclosed Saturday noon, in Richmond,is considered toUiave been one of themost successful meetings ever held inRichmond. The organization maynow be said to be on a solid basis,although it was organized only lastyear. It was attended by a number0r distinguished teachers from allparts of the State; the treasuryshows a healthy surplus; and therewere two invitations to the meetm?for 192 The offer of Lexingtonwas accepted, that of Berea havingbeen withdraw-, -itil 1923.'The principal meeting from thepoint of view of the general publicwas Friday evening, where Dr. Gordon J.VLaing, head of the departmentof Latin in the University of Chicago, gave his illustrated lecture on"Buried Cities of Roman Africa." ,The officers elected for the comingyear were: President, Miss ElizabetnM. Roff, Paris; vice president, MissMabel Pollitt, of University of Kentucky; secretary and treasurer, Mr.Wren J. Grinstead, of Eastern Normal, Richmond.A JOLT PROM PISHEREditor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury, must have had -a severe "shaking up on Main street, inParis one or more times in the past.Editor Fisher, in Jthe issue of yester-"CoSning the'visit of Billy Sunday to Paris THE BOURBON NEWSsays: 'Many confessed to a distinctsense of 'disappointiment. as; thespeaker was ap-parenuy nut v. - M, ti,p Toor fellow wouidn'aj. i . ' -iI . ,,... 4rtnnii? him over theI 1-,v it u iri iw..-cybe Ht,t by the Paris ware-,bhell-oraters oubousesTQ qj JURY-, A'rn. -i v rniirt-. Judge Geo.'jn ine uumjBatferton heard the caseot -Johnm "Blo." colored who was. George M. Hin. .way -; -"" -las and-carrying - -weapon,.rtTli Tnrv inhe sum, of ?1,UUJ.s1 ftimiahehis. he ws re' ' Sided to the, custody of Jaileaul,.r !"&BASE BALL SEASONSSpring is here for certain, as baseball practice has begun all over theland. Soon will be heard the cry ofthe umpire, "Play Ball," and thesons of swat will begin their spring,summer and fall campaign. The bigleague season will open on April 13,Cincinnati opening with a game atRedland Field. vLocally, the season will officiallyopen next Sunday, when the Centerville. Regulars and the Paris WhiteSox, will meet 'on the Centerville-field. The game will be calledpromptly at 2:30 p. m. JBoth teamshave been putting in strenuous hoursof practice, and a good gaane is anticipated. .The old-time ' fans ofParis and Bourbon county will attend in a body according to reports from the charmed circle.Many of us upon "hearing the old familiar sound of baseballdom willsigh for the good old days andfondly turn back the pages of memory to the halcyon days when theBluegrafe League was a prime factorlin Central Kentucky sports.The local team is being coached byH. H. Crider, acting manager. Thebattery will be composed of Caywood,Barlow and Perkins, all experiencedmen on the diamond. Barlow is aformer member of the Cynthianateam, where he made "an excellenthrecord for fast work. Caywood hasworked for the past two seasons witha Cincinnati s'emi-pro. team, wherehe became known as "the slab wonder." Perkins.has",played on CentralKentucky teams. Until suitablegrounds can be secured andr arrangements jmade for a permanenthome for the ball-tossers games willbe booked for each Sunday outside ofParis. The team that will play atCenterville, Sunday, is composed ofthe following: Bearman, Barlow,Caywood, Perkins, Breese, Mann,Lancaster, Brewsaugh, McFarland,Williams, Burnett, H. Johnson, J.Kiser and E. Kiser.A. Ri Cox and E. B. Bogie are organizing the Mt. Sterling base ballclub and have begun the work ofgetting together a first class team.It is understood that they -will operate under the name .of the localPost of the American Legion andwill donate to that organization tenner cent of all srate receipts. Games-will be booked with Kentucky teapisplaying Sunday ball. The club labtyear was a good paying proposition.The season willvopen in NicholaSville, Sunday, with a game betweenthe Njcholasville and Lexingtontetms, on. Evans Field.o-, 3-,.- WE WANT YOUR EGGSBring us your eggs, we can't buytoo piany highest cash price paidin cash or trade.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.DRESSED POULTRY.WE WILL HAVE DRESSEDPOULTRY EVERY SATURDAY.CUMB. PHOrTE 361 ; HOME PHONE552 - )LEON RENAKER & CO.(8-2trCOL. EPH. T.TT.T.A-RT) DEAD ITT CHICAGO. A teegram was received" in Frankfort, Wednesday night, by relativesannouncing the death in Chicago ofCol. Eph Lillard. Colonel Lillardwas active in Kentucky politics forseveral years.He held the position of warden ofthe penitentiary .there and recentlywas in the office of the State, Commissioner of Pensions. He represented Jessamine county at one-timein the "Legislature.He is survived by two sons andone daughter and his wife, who wasMiss Bettie Noe. The body will bebrought to Frankfort for burial.Funeral services will be held Fridayanofning at the Christian church.Colonel Lillard was deputy internal revenue collector under BenJohnson and storekenar-guager inthe old Louisville Distillery, underAtilla Cox. With the late Col. JackChinn he was the late Gov. WilliamGoebel's-bodyguard and had 'just lefthim when the former Governor wasassassinated in front , of i the. old Capitol , building during Goebel'scampaign.Lillard. 'Jack Chinn and Rohert-c-onVMr nnrnmnanied Goebel overJthe State singing, "There's Troublein the Land.".c - -; GUI? CLUB TROPHY , . .A finely finished Winchester shotgun, the trophy, to be contested forat the opening of the Bourbon GunClub's grounds. 'in, 'this city; is onexhibition in the show window ofMitchell. & Blakemore. The trophyis valued at $50.00. and was do-,nated 'by R. C. Ruggles, of the.Rujrgles Motor Co., who is nn enthusiast. The first shoot will be held onFriday, April 15.The Club gladly 'welcomes visitingspertsmen and sportswomen. Specialaccommodation will be arranged forthe comfort or lames wno aneuu uiutourMmcftts.- tji f -9BOURBOH FARMER FILES-KUPTCY PROCCEDDTCMrAt Cynthiana, Tuesday, proceedings in bankruptcy in the caw ofR. L. Logsdon. Bourbon county farmer, were heard before,' Refre imin Bankruptcy A. M. Cox. Mr. Lo-"sdon was present and was examiMCby Mr. Cox. County- Attorney DatMD. Cline, of Paris, was appointed. atrustees.In November, 1920, Messrs. Talbott and Cleveland, of Bourtoscounty sold to Mr. Logsdon abotttfourteen acres of land for'llS.Sff.By the terms of the' contract Mr.Logsdon was to pay ? 5,0 00 in caskon March 1, and to execute notefor the balance. When that MiMarrived Logsdon failed to make tWcash payment or execute notes. Tal- vbott and Cleveland filed suit fordamages to the extent of $2,5fagainst Logsdon through their atto- -neys,Whitley & .Talbott. FoJJowimffthis Mr. Longsdon filed proceediBjin bankruptcy. . ,,T. PORTER SMITH AfflfOUlfCSSFOR LEGISLATURE.T. Porter Smith, formerly of Paritvwho has been a resident of Georgetown for several years, announces ima recent issue of the GeorgetownTimes his candidacy for Representative tfrom Scott county in the next.Legislature.Mr. Smith'-will make an excellent 4legislator for our neighboring county. He is a splendid mixer, and hisprevious .training as an attorney andbusiness man will stancThim in goodstead in the legislative halls. Herhas the good washes of a host of ParisandBourbon county friends in hia.aspirations, which they hope may berealized. yPARIS TOBACCO SALES FOR RE-, CENT SEASONSales at the six loose leaf tobaccowarehouses of Paris, during thev season recenfty closed, reached a totalof 10,995,000 pounds according to a-semi-officialstatement given ouV recently. The official average for thsseason was ?13.00 per huniredpounds. ,' Due to low prices it was stateeN.that many tenant farmers saw theiryen's fabor swallowed up and theirdebts lef,t unpaid, while many landowners who Tiad endorsed"" payablepaper foV their tenants, likewise werecompelled to make it good at the :ibanks. County stores are also holders, of .large amounts of uncollectable accounts made by tobacco 'tenants. We Know HowEvery DemandIs MetThere are four thingsyou demand in a suitSTYLE FITTWe can outfit you toyour own satis faction, forwe carry the predoflautating styles, where tailprifis an assured fact and; loagwear is guaranteed hy parall wool material.We are ready to pctnour statement. Coajte imand- take a- ktok aiid hmconvinced.MITCHELL 4BLAKEMOREStttsn Spring HatsMatllataw - "nfiufnn 9iNfiWEARD116m:rjimM,fi'V5Sr'ftytf rr-r'i-vrj'. a -s- rJr' - -.Jj.&;:-?,.- -' ",al.H'-&R."M,t?fVV. rf"PAGE TWOTUT BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYxFRIDAY, APTO, S, 11V--13- V-' IHIE BOURBON NEWSIffabU hed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationNdiihed Evfery Tuesday ant FridayVet Year..$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.XB&tered at tlie Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)DBS FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES.New York American Press Assoliatita. Chicago Xord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.SftEO W RABBITLucky Catch Preserved Lives ofSurveyors.Heaefs Slate, DriveTo Feed ChineseADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 60 cent per inchsaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineset issue; reading notices in blackgype, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andslmll&x matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisestents and yearly contracts.The rigbt of pmblisher is reseivedk decline' any advertisement or othersaatter for publication.Announcements lor political .officestuat invariably be accompanied byae cash.On the Verge of Starvation in Canadian Wilds, Small Creature WasGodsend to Men and Dogs.The flying survey that the engineersof the Grand Trunk Pacific railwaymade through the unexplored forestsand mountains of Canada was attended by all manner of hardships andadventures. It is remarkable that sofew men lost their lives, for the work,which was pushed forward winter jandsummer, was always filled with dangers. An experience related in Mr. F.A. Talbot's book, "The Making of aGreat- Canadian Railway," affords aeranhic idea of the pains and penalties that many surveyors enduredIn that silent, unpopulated country-In the depths of winter I was outwith one of the surveyors on an' exploration trip. We had four dogs anda couple of sleighs not heavily laden.Somehow or other, owing to theblinding snow, we were delayed andlost our way. The' dogs had to gowithout food and we ourselves did nbttaste a bite for three days; nor didwe catch sight of the smallest specimen of game. One thing after another was thrown off the sleighs to easethe plight of the dogs, grown so thinfrom want of food that their ribsshowed through their skins. Only oursleeping bags were retained. Throughthe day we stumbled along on oursnowshoes, constantly falling over obstacles and bruising ourselves againstthe trees. At night we lay down byour camp fire, utterly exhausted andfaint from hunger and cold.It was on the third morning that Idescried the faint footprints of alack rabbit. It was the first sign ofGOVEUrORS SEE IBIOTTER BUSINESS PE06PECTS.f CewWrit See -It .That Way. IAsfe" Mojave prospector remarked!when' he was hotly pursued by an enraged lady bear whose cubs he haddisturbed: "I find that the old copy-book matter, 'Be chaste and you willPostion Wanted.vtlons." Los Angeles Times.Good Insurance,llonesty is the best policy. Takeone out early in life. LouisvilleCourier-Journal.s Governors throughtjut the country,whose vision exi;encfc beyond theconfines ""Of tneir own borders, soundnote for the near futurer of business i be happy,' has some blastin excep-in brief messages which they havewritten especially for the AmericanIndustries.Most of them are confident thattlie country has passed safelythrough the critical days of the readiustment period that was boundto follow in the wake of the War.They express the happy satisfaction, that while there was bound tobe a certain measure of unemployment and other disturbing conditions, that the nation' is riow on itsway toward complete industrial recovery. They believe the confidencewith whichthe business men and thepublic faced and solved, the situa-capacity to meet' great emergencies.Goyernor Morrow, of Kentucky,wrote as follows: "Business conditions in Kentucky are already beginning to show a marked improvement, 'mere was a periou vl uujjicssion. It has begun to pass "away. Bymid-suaimer or fall,. Kentucky willbe again in its oia stride. There fea general spirit of rapid come-backthroughout the entire State."-o1 FORECASTING SPRINGAn -experienced .stenographer.best of reference. rpen for position!' 'Call BOURBON NEWS, or 844 EastTenn. 'Phi.ne. (adv)Taxi ServiceIf you want quick taxi service,call Cumberland' Phone 1025-J, dayor night.A. K. CAYWOOD TAXI CO.(15-tf)Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns of ranie that we had seen for three daysTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladly j i drew my companion's attention tocorrected if brought to attention of . the tracks.the editor.I5SJS TIME TO "SAW WOOD""Stop right here and light a fire.We'll have something to eat this morning or else I won't come back again !"I cried excitedly as I grabbed my gun.I sped off with my eyes glued tothose scarcely discernible footprints.But it was weary tracking; the trailwas as elusive a will-o'-the-wisp asanyone could find in the forest. Forthree solid hours I followed it relentlessly, stumbling and falling wildly,bruising my shins and tearing myhands through the bush.At last it disappeared into a willowAll over the country there has beena slowing down of industries andbusiness in practically all linefe; thebanks have been unable to supplytheir customers with the money theyneeded, and all around there has-been wrhat is called "financial strin-.gency." IWe have had several years of highx pressure business andwe had almost,AJl6vjl.l.uil XX"" cu . uc "-,. .. .nT T cnrorlbusiness was normal and everybidy snruo. wawuug UL ij, - o- .felt that they had to get right down the thicket, and there spied the quarto ."brass tacks" in all lines of en- ry. Fearful that in my excitement Ideavor. All of us have been affected, might take too hurried an aim withmore or less, by the trend towards my rifle, mis'?, frighten, and lose thecarelessness and a "devil may care animai, I crawled steadily forward onspirit." y I ha'nds and knees. When withinDuring the last five or six years h 1 Qe SUQdeneverybody seemed to forget their pre- -.. K Ktt Bmff nf thTioflfi hardships; we all went around " cjuisM it by the scruff of thelike the proverbial "drunken sailor;" . neck. In a trice it was dead; but Inothing seemed to remind us that it had captured a sorry prize. Like ourcould not go on indefinitely. selves, it was in sore need of fdod, forNow it is time to "saw wood;" we it could obtain but slender sustenancehave reached the stage where we can-; f rom tne snow-covered grouUd.not "keep the pot boiling" except by . x retraced my footsteps as hurried-saaog some new woua lo uie me. ,. f d comradesitting before the fire holding his headin his hands between his kneesanabject picture of misery and despair.vrfcx.Zk. F.Y. MULLINGDR. MULLINS is cliairman . inKentucky for the China Famineffnnri. Thi5? camnaiffn whicliwas launched by President Wilson, isto raise money to feed the 40,000,000Chinese now .facing death from starvation.FATHER POISONS HIS'STARVING childrenKentuckian Receives Letter FromChina Telling of the HorribleFamine Conditions There '40,000,000 FACE DEATHAgX SS&&bbbbW?Work WantedI am prepared to do all kinds ofbuilding and repair work. Haveyour houses and barns shingled now.All work guaranteed. Call Cumberland phone 758.SAM H. SHOUT,(8-tf) 1210 Main Street.LOSTOn South Main street, in Paris,or on the Clintonville pike, onMarch 24, a black cloth cloak. Finder please return to or notifyMARTHA, A. M. JONES,(aprl-tf) nTrees for .Spring Planting !Write for oijr free catalogofferingFruit and Shade TreesBlooming Shrubs -Small Fruits 'Grape Vines .PerennialsEvergreensHedging .Roses- Etc. N 'Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. No Agents.H. F-vHillenmeyer & Sons' Lexington, Ky.Cfeb4-tf)DR. W. J. KIFFVETERINARIAN "Successor to Br. WatsonOfiree InB0UEE0N GARAGE, PAHIS. KY.(nov-19-tf) Both Phones 347.Guaranteed EggsS. C. WHITE LEGHORNS,WHITE WYANDOTTES$1.50 per 15 or ?8.00 per hundred,postpaid. Money refunded for eggscandling clear on seventh day andreturned to us prepaid. Our flocksrepresent prize winning trap nestingstrains. Ask for spring sales circu-BOURBON CONSOLIDATED FARMS,Millersburg, Ky.Cumberland Phones, 25 and 46.(mar29-tf)GOALThere you have the wThole story.v It is up to each one of us to get""busy and produce something of real"ralue, if. we are going to stay in thejuue. This applies to the employerM well as the employee.Most of us are nowT fully awaketo "the dangers before us and a goodmany have already started to "saw' wood." There are, however, stillmany who have not yet decided howthey can get into the new trend pfthings in vthe best way.To them this warning is sounded!Don't hesitate too long, or some otherfellow who is more active, will comealong and grasp the opportunityyou have failed to see.Or UllS IS cericllll. xncio 10 -a.i.In a few minutes the rabbit wasskinned and spitting merrily on an improvised roasting jack. The skin wascut into four equal parts and givento the dogs. They, devoured it ravenously. Not an atom of that rabbitwas wasted. The little bit of food putnew life into us and we pressed onthrough tlie forest until finally weteached our camp.Repairing Stonehenge.Stonehenge, the prehistoric group of.,.,, it. f. vm, ri-ht :rt hand ' ftusc standing stones near causuuii,You can improve your conditions In southern England, has been set inright now, if you will pay the price. order, for the first time in three orYoil can better your circumstances, four "thousand years. A' single stonewhatever they are, if you are willing WM straightened in 1901, says Popularao get right down to business and Mechanics Magazine, but a thorough"saw wood." I overhauling was made impossible by."Sawing wood" is hard work that, government and during the war: ,;l- n fire- Tio iiTiiieiinl pv- "c few.w.K duiuiiicu. w . ." u.w ,ercise of the jmuscles causes sorenesswas the center of a large, permanent".:.,.' ,,xx, I,.,. i. ti, J anramnmonf Artillerv ranee and mineana it taKes a nine ume lu get lug r -.t -- - i.ui ?,,,habit of regular, persistent plugging, experiment stations were establishedAfter a while we forget all these close enough to jar the uprights andthings, and then it is an easy task the remaining lintels. One lintel wasto "saw a cord of wood." moved outward to such a degree thatThe time is past for seeking the J lt became a menace to visitors. The"soft snaps;" they have disappeared. eovernment put up cranes and winchesThe "soft snap" is no good anyway I t -restore that stone and has set firmwhen you do happen to find one, for,there is more enjoyment in hard, , ne stones tnat are snii erect,productive work than there is in ai 7- well paid loafing job. Kept on the Xten Jump.Now then, "let's saw wood;" let's i reckon you had a right livelyall do our best to produce. Let's tIme m Kansas City?" insinuated ando all we can to produce better , aC(luamtance-.goods, oetier newspapers, umer an- ..rmn.hiA ronliPd fiahe Gosnell ofm .v..cvw, --j.vertising, and by all means let usdetermine that whatever we do shallbe well done.Don't let the pessimist scare youGrudge, "but nothing like what I probably would have had If I wasn't considerable lively on my feet. You see,trom development; don't be too J up in Kay See, if you meet a respect-ttimid to undertake new enterprise;make use of all the natural advantages provided by labor saving, timesaving and profit-producing devicesthe market affords and make the bestof all your opportunities.o : jPhysical Traintag Helps Pupils.Tkere is e school in New Yorkwfcich has perhaps given more attenMsm to the matter of physical trainingJhsr any other and accurate recordswhich have been kept show that the' toys aid girls of this institution arftre pounds heavier than'lhose of thtwmme grades in other schools.l tLimit sf Superstition.Bie Scottish fishermen are among tht superstitious -folk in the worldof their peculiar beliefs is that IIahle-lookinc: man -after 4 o'clock inthe afternoon, anywhere the least bitoff to one side, he's a hold-up androbs you."And if you meet one that don'tlook respectable, he's a plain clothespoliceman, and pounds you becauseJie thinks you're a hold-up. So I waspractically on the keen jump all thetime I was there, dodging the one orthe other." Kansas City Star.Fine Pictures of the Aurora.In the last 10 years, Prof. Carl Stormer, in Norway, has obtained morethan 300 successful pairs of simultaneous pictures of tlie aurora, besides200 single pictures, and the brilliantdisplay of March 22-28 last was photographed at seven stations, separatedAm lit fi r mtlas A 1-iWinrTit ftf win..Il anlucky to pronounce either theiil mM ,1' ji?lta .u,jr. jr other peoples names durinl RUro no eKrlIep meuSfaBkmtSi dreadful are the famine condition-,in China, a father poisoned htefamily to save them from the sufferingof tarvation. The 40,OOOybOO peoplewho face starvation now axe-fceginningto die from the dreaded typhus..These nditions are described in aletter to the Rev. Dr. E. Y. Mullins,Louisville, chairman for Kentucky ofthe China Famine Fund, and also aretold of in the report of the AmericanMinister at Peking sent to PresidentWilson. The campaign to save thesepeople from starvation was launchedby the President.10,000,000 Are Children.The American Minister states thatof this number, 13,000,000 are subsisting on dry leaves and 10,000,000 ofthem are children.Dr. Mullins says this famine is thegreatest since the one in 1876 when"the world stood aghast at the deathof millions by starvation and cold.The horrors of that year are at ourvery doors,' he said.The area involved is larger thanFrance and embraces Shantung, Shansi, Chihli and Honan.A misionary in a letter receivedyestenlay'by Dr. Mullins says:"This dreadful famine follows fiveyear. of enm failures. Millions ofmen, women and children are eatingthe last of their dry leaves. The winters here are very cold but these people have no fuel they depend onleaves and gooliang stalks to hevattheir huts they have neither.Typhus Upon Them.4This appeal is ,not ours but theirs.I passed from Techow to Tientsin,there was only barrenness, wheat hadbeen sown in some few spots, but it is8 long wait until harvest time and rowtyphus is upon us."I found ,one very pathetic case.The cow that had kept thcfamilj alivefor months, failed to give milk for lackof feed. She had to be Mld for a trifle.The father prepared a pood meal of"Bendui," dumpling for hi family.His little daughter asked how it wasthat they were having such good foodafter weeks of hunger. After they hadeaten, he told them that he had putpoison in each dumpling and all wouldsoon be out of their misery. He couldnot bear to ee them starve and theywere dead when I arrived.''Please send money for these poorhuman beings. The railroad' intoManchuria will haul wheat " free ofcharge but we havent enough moneyto buy the wheat."Dr. Mullins Nhas sent an appeal t,othe clergy of Kentucky to relate theexperiences of this missionary. JosephBurge, treasurer pf. the Famine Fund,sends the funds to China through thState Department at Wafhinstoa.This lovely frock of gray-crepe-dechine may be taken as a criterion ofthe .spring styles for afternoon wear,It fulfills all the requirements of themode, beginning with the most important, and that is simplicity. Ithas a slip-over bodice, fastening onthe shoulder, a long tunic laid inplaits and a plain underskirt. Betweenthe high and the low waistline itchooses the latter and makes a com'promise between long and shortsleeves with the three-quarter length,flaring style. Spring is written in allits details but emphasized In the eyelet embroidery and silk disks thatmake up its decorations. The oddopening at the front, which distinguishes this dress, revealing a littlebutton-trimmed vestee of lace, is afeature of the new styles. Often itglimpses a bright color.Red Star Coal!An All-British Bird.The red grouse probably the mostsporting bird that files has neverbeen known to nest outside the limitsof thex British Isles. This bird flourishes, in every Scottish county and inmost counties of Ireland and Wales.In England the grouse thrives only asfaif south as Derbyshire, all attemptsto stock more southern districts, evfcnwhen apparently suitable for the purpose having proved failures, thoughsome grouse survived for quite a longtime after such an earperimsiit in thsThetford districtoIrish Poplin Supreme.Ireland leads the world in the manufacture of poplin and,, although mostof the silk used is of foreign manufacture, the Dublin weavers treat it Insuch a manner as to make Irish poplina distinct fabric. It is composed ofworsted made from the finest wool, andsilk4 in combination, and no makersbut the Irish seem to be able to produce the softness of texture and brilliance of coloring that is so characteristic of the best poplin. This is attributed to the pcculiarty of the Dublin water and the skill and knowledgeof the makers.We are now handling Red StarCoal. This coal always sells at aprepiiium but from now until the firstof May we will sell at the same -priceas ordinary coals. Try a load andyou will always be our customer.MANSFEILD & JEFFERSON LUM-BER CO. nCumb. 'Phone 711.Home 'Phone 510.(28-t)I have opened a coal yarcTnearthe Wilson Seed! Mills. E willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and humsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal ....... $5.50Heating Stove CoaL....$5.50W.J. HOWARDMiierand Shipper of CoalEast tfernstttft and Paris, Ky.HonttdPhont 13EAGLE'IWKADOa i ssb"3es5Pencil No. 174For Sale at your Dealer Made in fire gradesASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BAWEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK.(till july 4)aillllllllllllllHlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHII''''e11William K. Hasan G- uoisArchitects O- EngineersFW.ST NATIONAL DANKPAE.I-. Ky.TSln:rini ifiUHiMniiiiMiiiifMiiiuiiMiniJMtiiiiniMiiiiiitiiiiiifiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiitiitiMiittiiitiMiniiitiiiuiiiiiiitiiiiiwiiiiiitiiiwiiiiiiiritirFseason. .Brooklyn Hide.swing reached 200 oailes.iValue of Home Experience."The middle-aged motbers. who havesuccessfully managed large homes andsent out their children as good citizenshave proven that such training is invaluable in any national or publicwork." Any work requiring intricateknowledge and care of detail can behandled by such women just as wellas by the younger women who wehave been led to believe are the bnlyleaders of tlie 'new race'," says a writer in the Independent Woman. "Themiddle-aged woman has countless opportunities for world usefulnessi1. o ' .Orang.Outang Misnamee.Occasionally the underbrush (soatheastern Borneo) crashed beneath thetread of some heavy animal a -rhinocerosperhaps or possibly an orangutan. I might add, parenthetically,'that orang-utan means, in the Malaylanguage, "man of tlie forest," wallserang-outang, the name which we carelessly apply to the -great antkrepold,means "man in debt" E. AlexamierJFswell in Scribner's Magazine. 1OUR courteouscharacter h asmade this organization famous. Our ex'pert knowledge of allthe details of our profession meets with theapproval of everyone.Onr reputation forfair dealing is durclients' protection.Bf POfllMflBJ-r1 "- -SSSSSSSBlB' 'BSW BWwBSSSSSlZ.- v 1 - I - '"V v " -., Ja l'-v- xt -fit fir "i.te,1- - - ' ' K-,W.T-35? f"Jy' 4'v-?1 ni -b.3".-Lf .r-.. 'f-i tv . "y -.W"f- trAFEibAy, ipRm 8, iim.5.iSTHE BOURBOlt. NEWS, PARES, CENTUGKlPAGB THHV'4PEOPLE OF OUR TOWNThe .Self-Shaver is Mowing 'EmDown with the ole Itusty we meanTrusty Safety Hoe and becuz hisWhisker Pasture is tougher'n AlligatorHide, tha Hoe is doing a Mean JobSwSSiW4 f " ?G ne,Ctelt0 theLukhkell Club when he Gets Through.Ladies, you'll never Know what vou'vp 1ttL uu veAiieuQUE 'ONORABLE ORDER OF OPTIMISTS Optimism is the Jipiy knack ofbeing able to see a rose where mostfolks would see a cabbage. Out inKansas City they have an organization known as the Optimist Club,wnich is composed of enterprising"business men of the hustling "shovme" state. Such an -idea is worth imitation by the men of 'every community in the United States. One -whoalways hopes for the best is an optimist. -But in "business, men andwomen, should do more than m-erelyhope; they should -work their best toobtain worth-while results.' Webster gives several enlighteningmeanings of the word "optimist.".We have all read and enjoyed humorous definitions on the screen in"Topics of the Day" films at cur favorite theatre. Have you a disposition to take the most hopeful viewand outlook on the brightest side ofthings? WeM, join our Optimists''Club by laughing at the followingquips presented by THE BOURBONNEWS:An optimist is a man who expects to raise vegetables x like thosepictured in the seed catalogues.New YorkSun. ,Air optimist is a fellow who willgo out riding in his auto withouttaking along an extra" tire. ToledoWeekly Blade. 'Private individual who tactfullyoeys the commands of General PubHe; is hand in hand with ColonelCo-operation; keeps in step with Major Operations; is conversant withCaptain O'Industry; is able to face"Lieutenant Limelight; shuns Sergeant Shortsightedness; never approaches Corporal Punishment; isBddy to each Buck Private in theAmerican Army of workers; is indeed Commander-in-Chief of his ownearthly happiness; and above all isam Optimist. Rutgers Neilson.An dptimist is a "Johnny" whopromises to huy a chorus girl a motor car and expects her to pick out a3?rd. Vaudeville News.An optimist is a man who, every ,time he sees a meal served in themovies, picks his teeth and tips theushers a quarter. Film Fun.He must be an. optimist who ' cancontinue to sing "Home SweetHame" after the rent has been raisedsix times. Boston Shoe and Leather"Reportert- jii -u..,.An. optimist is a man who will buykair restorer from a 'bald-headed"barber. Rutgers Neilson.An rnitimiRt. ran always see theEight side of the other fellow'skfortune. Richmond, Va., Newsl&tader. An optimist is a , man who caniMike lemonade out of the lemonstkat are handed him. Portland, Me.,Sxpress.XBULGARIANBLOODTEARelieve Constipation, sour, flatty,bloated stomach. Tones tht liver,bushes the kidneys. -BULGARIAN BDDriWaddclfcPile RemedyDon't Suffer- Don't be Operatedto wtil yem hare tried Dr. Waddell'sfit Remedy. Absolntely tomlw luarBtMd to fifre absolvte aatiafactisa orItoMTintlei. 11.50 Mr btl at rowprCCMt If aot vrrc us.I Medicine CoJ. ...jBNWWSSS3SS3SftSS&ftSiesifrSSSaisAUNT WINBy LUCRETIA M. GARDNER$S3SS$33S$SStt$yMWttM$S(, 1921, by McClure Newspaper Syndicate )"Want to eet m. Tom? twr in thtenth time you have bruRhpd ntrninsf-my dress. You ought to know better.I This isn't any time of day to, beg meJ to take you up; dishes not washed,nothing done. But come along!" Andthe frail little lady suited the action, to her words and lifted the sturdvmaltese Into her lap. -, "I am just as blue as a whetstone,Tom," she said, "and I ought not tobe, for that was as good a serman asI ever heard preached. Just boileddown common sense, and there oughtnot to be any dregs left to worry mysoul. You can't say anything, can you,Tom, but you're purring like a musicbox."A sudden knock sounded at thedoor, was followed by a girl's voice."It's only Molly, .Aunt Win." Thenwhen the frail little lady drew thebolt, the young voice exclaimed:"Why, I never knew you to bolt thedoor at this time of day. Are you'sick?"MoUy rushed across the threshold,MVI. Amil. w a a hii t . . x . , . ,. ,looking at the table in the livlne room.looking at the table in the living room,with its barely touched food, said:"You must be sick for you have noteaten a mite for dinner.""Sit down, child," Aunt' Win answered quietly, "I was just talkingwith Tom and wondering what thematter was with me.""That was a tip-top sermon, wasn'tit, Aunt Win? It just made me sit upand take notice, but you didn't need totake it to heart," Molly said, pattingher listener's cheek."Dear child, that's just it! Ofcourse," Aunt Win explained, "when itcomes to making a loaf of cake orknitting, to help my church I do mymite, but " a pause emphasized bythe solemn ticking of the tall clock,and then, "but, Molly, when it's a caseof dollars and cents I haven't any togive, and yet I love my church andwhat it stands for as dearly as anyone in this place. Why shouldn't I?It has helped me when everything wasswept from me, and isn't that a test?I have found my faith fit to live byarid expectto die by it when my callcomes.""Perhaps this dreary dark day hasupset you," suggested the girl, "butyou aren't ever blue. Let's 'pile on thewood. Oh, these beauty andirons ! Youpolished them yesterday, I know."A sudden gleam flitted across theshining topsand seemed to bring anilluminating thought to Aunt Winifred. She, choked back a sigh and halfsob, then sank Into the nearest chairwhile Molly put on fresh logs. In atrembling voice the little lady said:'These are very precious andirons,they are more than 100 years old andwere given to my great-grandmotherIn payment for teaching Maria Husseys (Children at 'Cent school."Cent school?" repeated Molly Insurprise. "What on earth was a Centschool?""That was long before your generation, dear, when little children weretaught the tlee Rs by dear old ladiesand carried their cents In 'corners oftheir handkerchiefs to pay. I set myeyes by these andirons." She murmured as if alone In the' room, "Can Ido It? Can I make up my mind to do"it??Molly glanced up suddenly at AuntWinifred. Was she just right In hermind? she wondered."Oh, don't worry, I'm not out of myhead child, but these andirons havepreached me asermon, too. Do youknow Mrs. James has been wild tobuy them, and now I've made up mymind Til sell them for 15 would you,sayr"Fifteen? nothing of the kind.Why !" exclaimed Molly, "you're not aDIt 01 a traaer. xney arc woiui ?uv.JT im.- win mn do withoutthem What will you do wltnoutthem? How keep warm?""Have a fire in the air-tight sndforget them. Fifty, do you say? ThenAunt Win added breathlessly, TU gire$90 to my church and 20 to the.RedCross In memory of our Will, dear,dear boy!" vThen fell the first tears as AuntWin's thoughts sped across, the searto a lonely grave in the Argonne."I just hate, dear Aunt Win, to haveyou give them up,", murmured Mollyonce more."Sh not a word! Til just go towork and rid up these dishes.""Yes," interrupted Molly, "and ifyou really mean it Til have John takethem over to Mrs. James this afternoon or tomorrow.""No, no, the quicker the better I"Aunt Winifred bustled around so briskly that Molly felt the spirit of thehourand said:4T11 slip away now, before John goesfor the afternoon."She appreciated the situation, andby 4 oiclock the andirons of blessedmemories no longer shone on thehearth, but in Aunt Win's hand at theclose of the day lay a check for $50.and wiping away the unbidden tearsshe murmured:"More precious thanjmy andirons Ismy Faith, and all that-It has meantto me and mine."Family Affair."Senator Snortworthy , says he hasbeen mentioned for the presidency '"Incfled? Who bentioned him?"v "Tbe senator wdntains an 'air ofptofotiad -sscrecy, 'but v I suspsct hisStoraML ' ., r"BUILD A HOME"Nobody becomes a full fledged citizen, observes the Frankfort StateJournal, till he has experienced homeownership. The possession of ahome interests a man in many affairs of the community in which hehas little interest prior. to bindinghimself to the soil and the socialstructure by home ownership.Naturally the dealers in buildingsupplies advocate home building inthe interest of business, but nevertheless all students of social welfareadvocate it from motive's wholly disinterested and the difficulties of thelast half dozen years have created ahouse shortage which makes homebuilding more and more of a business proposition than it was whenhouses for rent were more plentifulthan renters for houses.Whether building supplies are. aslow as they will be in 1922 nobodyknows, bufthey are decidedly lowerthan they weie in 19 2 (T, and the family which needs a home in 1921 hasa long time to wait if it must waittill that indefinite time when everyone will say building materials' havereached the bed rock price.NOVEL STYLE IN SUITFor those who are looking for something entirely new, suits like thatshown above are provided in thespring displays in which capes orcapelike overgarments or blouses'withshort close-fitting peplums take theplace of the regulation suit coat. Thisnew idea has been worked out withfine success in the model pictured.Guatemala.Guatemala has an area of 48,290square miles, slightly larger than thatof the state of New York. It Jias apopulation of about 2,000,000, which isapproximately 40 per cent of the entire population of .Central America. Alarge part of the population of Guatema is of Indian blood, unmixed withthe blood of Europeans. In this respect Guatemala differs from its fourneighboring republics, in three ofwhich the majority of the populace is of mixed blood, and in oneof which the Indians were exterminated. National Geographic Society Bulletin. Rtad the Dictionary.Reading the dictionary is not a popular indoor sport, but it might well become the habit of any man who likesentertainment and information cominghand in hand. The dictionary, ofcourse, must be unabridged, and notdevoted solely to spelling and briefdefinitions such as are f6und in thesmall and Incomplete editions! Twoor three pages, selected at random, willbe found to contain a surprisingamount of Interesting fact and comment for any man, no matter howlearned he may be. Chicago Journalof Commerce.Quirks of Children's Minds.A correspondent informs us that wedid not quite complete our story aboutthe little girl whose version of thenational' anthem was "My countryteases me." He says she followed itwith "Arthur of liberty." He adds:"And a close second to this is thefollowing quotation from the twentythird Psalm by another little miss,"Surely the good Mrs. Murphy willfollow me all the days of my life.' "Boston Transcript.Furniture Cleaner.Home-made furniture cleaner can bemade by adding one tablespoonful ofturpentine and three tablespoonfuls oflinseed or lemon oil to one quart ofboiling water. When cool enough to'be comfortable to the hand, use as awash water on all furniture exceptwhite enamel. Soft cheesecloth forwash cloth and a dry piece for a softwiping cloth will give the good polishof clean wood. There being no varnishin the mixture, the furniture will notbe sticky from this , cleaner.First Roller Skates Crude.The first roller skates patented weremade in London in 1823. These and1 other models brought out later couldbe guided in curves only at, the expense of enormous friction. It wasnot until 18G5 that an Americanbrr.u hi out n roller skate that madecurves and figures such as those possible on ice-skates a1 Names Somewhat Misleading.Geoufltra's needles were not erectedby yioopatrsi nor in honor': of thaiq?uen, but by Thothmes ID. Pompey'iTjftlftfvJo Alexandria, was, erected byrbo Uinperor Diocletian, according totfX& fnscriptten, ajN&has nothing to. dot wil3o. Poey , ' " ALuckySr weretteHERE'S A HARD ONE TO BEATiFrom down in Pulaski counycomes the story of a distressed cowwho suffered an obscure ailmentwhich baffled veterinarians. Throattrouble, of aggravated form, was indicated, but the symptoms did notagree with any diagnosis they-werefamiliar with or had head about.The cow might be suffering yet, oreven have passed over the river, except for the inspiration of a smallboy, utterly unskilled in the treatment of sick cows, but gifted withan ingrowing curiosity. Impelledby this, he investigated the animal'sthroat from --the inside with hishand, while the servants vere consulting among themselves.When he pulled his hand from thecow's throat he also pulled a sizeable "terrapin" (called "trapin" farther down south) in it. The cowwas relieved at once, and aftercoughing two or three times appeared restored again to normal goodhealth and the joy of living. By- wayof gratitude she licked the boy'sneck and then tried to swallow hiscap. Foiled in this she movedsedately away, after the manner ofcows, with her head toward theground, p'robably in search of, igroundhog for this was on tfie second of February for her "eveningmeal. tThe boy looked at the doctors andlaughed. The doctors looked at theboy and scowled. Neither said anything. There was nothing to say.Wilmore Enterprise.oHygienic Sleeping Rooms.A sun-bath, at frequent intervals,is effective in keeping the beddinghealthy, sweet and wholesome. Tothis is added, of course, daily airingof the bed-clothes for not less thantwo hours. Eiderdown quilts, thoughtempting to the eye of thehousewife,are not as hygienic a covering as themore easily washed woolen blankets.As at least a third of our lives is spentin the bedroom it behooves us to seethat it Is clean, airy and hygienic,otherwise refreshing sleep will be impossible, and health will suffer.Renew your healthby purifying yoursystem withQuick and delightful relief f pr biliousness, colds,constipation, headaches,and stomach, liver andblood troubles.The genuine are soldonly in 35c packages.Avoid imitations.People for whoiri the BestIs None Too GoodAre always the most enthusiastic concerningthe excellence of ourDry Cleaning andDyeingWe have one of the most efficientRemodeling Jtepa" mentsin the country. Furs transfbrmed in themode very quickly. Men's and women sgaaeat altered in any way desired.We dye fur skins and remodel themin any way.tye tailor make men's orladies' suits, $50.00 up. Later stylts. We pay $2 50 railroad far on every custommade suit ordered from us.Scad goods parcelrpst. We have no afeati.THE. TEASDALE CO.; 425-027 Walnut Stroot 3'Cincinnati, OhiciaapastedHow Can the Templin Paint Store SelTSuch Good Paints At So Low Prices? -WeWill Tell You Why tj v Our overhead expenses are much less than many others "who sell'v".paint, and we buy our goods in quantity lots and discount our bills for N't same We share this profit with you. ' 'rWe sell the EAGLE brand of white lead, and AECHIE DANIELS -andSPENCER KELLOGUE & SONS pure lineaeed oil. Ask your paia- -terif these are not the very best of their kind. - , iII it were not so, we would not have as our regular customers 'sracn vpainters asE0BT. THEBES;Mcpherson & bonta,LUTHER SMITH,SPRAKE & OWSLEY,0. FEEBACK,A. Z0RNES, 'And many others who know goodThe handling and selling of paint is our business, and we devote ourentire time and energy to this work, and if you contemplate doing anypainting tbis Spring or Summer, and we can be of any assistance to youin the way of suggestions as to the best kinds of paints and colorssuitable for either old or new work, or if you should like to have am timate as to the probable cost of any work in our line, we will be pleasedto have you call by card or phone, and we wll be at your service toassist you in any way we can.We carry a full line of Paints, Oils and Varnishes in our store oaSouth Main Street, near the Bourbon Lumber Co.'s yards, and cam andWILL save you money if you will give us the opportunity.The Templin Paint and Roofing Co(aprill-tf-T)til n n i n m ui iii mm n m h ii i n ii 1 1 1 1 1 m iBourbonBeautify Your HomeA home without planting is like a good picture in abad frame. We are booking orders now for Spring delivery. If you are in doubt about what to plant, call onus.Evergreen and Deciduous Trees and ShrubsOur SpecialtiesATfullline of Fruit Trees and Small Fruits, bestvarieties. 'All kinds of Vines, Roses and Hardy Flowers.By TRADING AT HOME you have the advantage of'selecting your trees at the nurseries.BOURBON NURSERIESMEINERTZ & HARPERJ Proprietorst P. O. Box 325MMMMtM-Hmmi'l I H ! lit IIIIMWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger sto.ck of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents:No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 71 PARIS, KENTUCKYHHIHHHHHHHHIHHHIHHIHIHHHHimilMSAVE TIME MONEY ANDBy Installing aHorie Telephone ICourteous treatmentParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co. IIncorporatedmmniiiniinnnnMtMnniiinimiinnniriXSXSXsXXSiXIXIIIXBourbon LaundryDAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetX1X1XjlyJX1X?yJv.HMIiH l iwwfaraaaaaaaaaaaB' ammmftS?f . P4aaaaP9al ammmmmE?"!?wril-L ir '9 tryThe Bourbon LaundryParis,Xmj.S5..:""". "TMaw" "- -Jtf. PATTERSON,J. THROCKMORTON,W. S. JOHNSON,RICHARDSON & HOREfE,& M. TURNER,JAS. H0RT0N.ipaint and where to find it.Nurseries ICumberland Phone 1071 43and reasonable terms, .r: mm, - at a , a a tJ a a n aSVSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!.With all the latest improve-ments in laondrv annliances I$ and expert helpers we are 5K nronoiflrt t Hn mewir mfa.f rior to none, and solicityour patronage.iKentucky .XIWORRYWW-Btprbon New - hfrtrtitet9rWaprt-fF)JcV ?. 1 X '"t ' I.1. Jp-AI -v-tf vXX f -,ri?&y.J.vrmpPAWB, fOnfTUCKttV.HI OUKBONNKHB,lTRIDAY, APRIL!, 1J81PACT-iMVH11'Master's Sale' Jv BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTSimmons Hardware Co PlaintiffVs. -"Notice of Sale,Allie Howland, Etc.,. . . , DefendantsXUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale , rendered atthe MarchTerm, 1921, of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled action therein pending, the under--BignedMaster Commissioner -will, onSaturday, April 23, 1921at the front door of the Court House,4n Paris, Kentucky, at about theJiour of ll o'clock, a. m., sell at public auction tp the highest and besti-moder the following described p$op- (fcrtyiA certain house and lot front-Jng on Higgins avenue 57 feet,mors or less and extending back. 21 feet, v mere or less, to theproperty of Laura Rouiiison, Inthe rear and heirifr thpame property conveyedto Allie C. Rowland andBettie Howard, Etc., by deed ofrecord in Deed Book 105, page37, in the office of the Clerk of' the Bourbon County Court.Said d will be made upon theicredits of sixyand twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds forequal .parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve months fromftate of sale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six percent (6) from date of sale untilpaid; said bonds to have the forcesand effect of judgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtednessHue the Maxwell Motor Sales Corporation, and the debts which the delendantAllie Rowland, owes to thecreditors of the Citizens' Garage.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(apr8-15-22)m-at.t: help wanted.Get busy! Keep busy! Is yourjob unsafe? Is it permanent? Youwant a life-long .business. You ,eanget into, such business selling morethan 137 Watkins Productsi direct tofarmers if you own an auto or teamor can get one; if you are under 50and can give bond with personalsureties. We back you with big selling helps. Fifty-two years in business, 20,000,000 users of our products. Write for information wherevou can get territory.J. R. WATKINS CO.,Department 111, Winona, Minn.(5-4tT)BOURBON PISCAL COTJETMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJ. H. Templeman Piano Co., Plaintiffv Vs. Notice of Sale. , ,Lillian Gray DefendantTListen, Girls!You ought to know about thedelightful softening, whitenipg,smoothing, protecting actionupon the skin,.ofNYALFACE CREAMwith peroxideI is your complexion's bestfriend in all sorts of weather. 'Get a Jar todayTwasfztsArdery Drug Co."Once a Trial Always Nyal"Under and by yirtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered, at theMarch term" 1921, pf the ijourhonCircuit Court in the above -styledaction therein pending, the under-Issued Master egnmjissiQner, on'Saturday, April 23, 1921,at the" front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 a. m., will sell at public outcry to the highest and best bidderthe followingdescribed property:One .Troubadour Player Piano, Style Mahogany, No.87793, and fifteen Music rous.' Said sale will be made upon acre'dit of six months, the purchaserbeing required to execute his bondwith good and approved surety forthe purchase price, said bond to bearinterest at the rate of six per cent.(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid and to have the force andeffect of a judgment.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the defendant's debtin the sum of Six Hundred andTwenty-Five Dollars ($625.00) withinterest from September 21, 1920,until paid and the costs of this proceeding and sale.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(apr8-15-22)The April term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened yesterday,with- Judge George JBatterton presiding, and tne toiiowing Magistratespresent: Fretwell, Thomason, Bur-ris, Stephenson, Wiggins, Shropshireand Turner. A large number ofclaims against the county were allowed and ordered paid. T-he reportof the Road Engineer for March wasreceived and. accepted. An advalorentax for 1921 was adopted as follows:Court house bonds, two cents; pikes"and bridges, twenty-five cents; general purposes twenty-three cents; polltav on each male inhabitant , overtwenty-one years ofage, $1.50. Anadvalorum tax of twenty-fivecents on all property foNr State purposes outside of the city of Paris,the Little Rock Graded School district, and the North MiddletownSchool district, for school purposes,and a poll tax of $1.00 was ordered.An appropriation of $500 was' madetoward Kentucky Children's HomeSociety. The County-Treasurer wasauthorized to sell $50,000 in roadbonds. The County Attorney wasauthorized to employ an expert accountant to audit the books of theRoad Commissioner, County Treasurer and Sheriff. Wallace Mitchell,of the Farmers' and Traders' Bank,was elected County Treasurer fpr atQYM of four years. .HOUSE AND SIGN PAINTING,'. .GRAINING AND ENAMELINGA GOOD AVERAGERichardson & Horine, a firm composed of Edward F. Richardson andH. N. Horine. are now engaged inthe general painting business. House ninety-eight chickspainting, sign painting, graining The cMcks are fine, healthy speciand enameling neatly executed. &w t u d take notice.Thirty years' experience. Call ' me"b iP LU a" " .(29mar-4t) ;John Doty, the Paris photographer, Lwho is also a-chicken fancier, recently placed 111 eggs in a paper incubator at his place. Of,the numberwere hatched.WBBmAdministrator's NoticeOFFICERS CHASE SUSPECTA telegram received here Wednesday night from railroad officialsat Winchester by the local policedepartment stated that six hoboswere on a northbound L. & Nfreight train, and asked for theirarrest. Chief Link and PatroUnanJudy went to the South Paris yeardsand discovered the men who ran indifferent directions, Patrolman Judyfired one shot at one of thp-fteeing(man, ,but failed to stop him. Twomen giving their names as JamesSnfitn, of Canton, Ohio, ond John.McDonald, of Cincinnati, were placed under arrest. It was thoughtthey may have been connected witha holp-up which took place in Mt.Sterling, a few days ago.oFLUSHING WATER MAINSEmployes of the Paris Water Company were busy Wednesday nightpushing out the street mains andtesting fire hydrants on all thestreets. The flow of muddy waterthrough the streets impelled a locolwag to remark that "Certainly something about the water that neededflushing." vAll persons having claims against :the estate of Wyatt Lewis, deceased, jare hereby requested to present same,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Administrator, athis office in Paris, Ky., for adjustment and payment. All such claimsnot. presented within the prgpep timeJimit, will b barred:?-All' persons knowing themselves indebted in any way whatsoever to theestate of the said Wya,tt Lewis, deceased, are hereby notified to call atthe office of the undersigned Administrator, in Paris, Jy., and make fulland complete settlement of such in-idebtedness.- HORD W. MANN,Administrator of Wyatt Lewis Deceased. (8-3wks-F)Country Producei WantPriWe want your country produceand eggs. We can not buy too many,and we will pay the. highest marketprices. Call aife see us now.TAUL & CO.,Successors to C. L. McDaniel, OldTaylor Stand, .Eighth Street.(It)FARM WANTEDWanted to hear from owner offarm or good land for sale for fall delivery. L. JONES,(It) Box 551, Olney, 111.TOR SALEfMotorcycles, Indian, one with sidecar, one without; both in perfectcondition; bargains.Shetland pony, mare; four yearsold; black; white star; weil brokento ride or drive.Piano; Cable make; in fine condidition;,with bench.Address P. O. Box, 250, Paris, orcall Cumberland Phone 54, NorthMjddletown Exchange. (8-2t)Soap Sale!7Bars vServ-us Soap. -25c,Buy Early, as We Have'Only a Few Cases Left.This is the week to buyyourGARDEN SEEDSLogan Howard"The Home of Good. Thingsto Eat"' Phones 179little, But LoudGive Us a Trial Order To-day.This weeklyNew Cabbage,Sweet Potatoes,Cream and Country flitter,Plenty of Eggs,Fish, Werner wurst, Ham.Projmpt Delivery.TATJL & CO.,Old Taylor Stand, Eighth. Street,(8-2t) Cumb. Phone 933.' - J'nlllrlll8ll 'WIDIdKTVIDE fflHH vMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiniiiimHmiiimiiiiniXIJf'"The Pride of Paris"GARMENTS SHOWN BY US-AT THESTYLE SHOWV; Are Now On DisplaySee Our WindowssNEW ARRIVALStHAND MADE BLOUSESEVENING DRESSESXLEVER WRAP COATS' ItCSTYLE SHOP ON SECOND FLOORPARIS, KY.wxBessie Evans, Executrix,Vs. Notice of Sale.Etc.,. Plaintiff.George Cantrill, Etc DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a. judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch Term, 1921, 6f the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner will, onThursday, April 21, 1921,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., sell at publicoutcry to the highest and best bidder the following described property: That certain house anu lot ofground situated in the City ofParis, Kentucky, on SecondStreet, fronting on said streetabout 62 feet, more or less, andextending back between parallel lines a stance of 208' feet, ;more or less, to the prop- -erty of Mrs. Kate Wilson, andadjoining the property of P. M.Heller on one side and the property of A. A. Pogue on the"other,and being the same propertyconveyed to Sidney EvansbyMarcusS. Evans by d,eed of record in the office of the Clerk ofthe Bourbon County Court inDeed Book , J?age ,and filed herewith.Said house is a one-story frame,consisting of six rooms with all modern conveniences.Said sale will be ma;de upon thecredits of six and 6 twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve months fromdate of sale respectively and bearinginterest at the rate of six per cent(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid.The shares of the inftw defendants, Frances Cantrill, Nell Cantrill,Susan Cantrill an1 Everett Cantrill,each being a one-tenth interest, shallnot be paid by the purchaser, butshall remain a lien upon .the landand draw six per cent. (6) interestfrojm date of sale until paid, untilthe guardian executes bond as required by law, or until the infantsbecome twenty-one years of agev' Said sale is made for the purposeof a division among the parties interestedt - x "x , O. T, HINTON,' Master Commiasioner B C. C.You never saw better furniture than we are now offering at greatly reducedprices. In our complete stocks you will find bedroom, living room and diningroom suites all of the finest make and at prices so low you will wonder how wecan do it. In this offering are suites of walnut, mahogany and oak, as well asmany individual pieces, chairs, floor and table lamps, etc. It will pay you tocome in and look over these values today or tomorrow and makeyour selectionnow rather than waiting until later. These slocks must be cleared off and we arewilling to make a sacrifice to do it: if you buy now you will save monev onevery piece.Vlfiljr fell tok) v4 Kbl Mi drpukl q J 7 "XHere is an ExtraBedroomBreakfast in Comfort from ThisDainty SuiteThis dainty six-pice breakfast room suite should bein your home. It will take away the labor of preparingbreakfast and you will eat in comfort. The ample buffet, drop leaf table, arm chair and three plain chairsmake a suite that will delight you. Hand decorated in,,. i iattractive coiors.4Just like having an extrabedroom in your home. Thatis what this Couch-bed doesfor you. Makes a Sandy couchin the day time opens outinto a double bed at night.Dainty Dressing TableMany Styles, $45-00Surprising Values inLiving Room Chairs$22.00We all love comfortand when you can buy comfortfor the low price quoted here, there is no reason for delaying. We are showing a complete stock of living roomchairs at prices that will surprise you. The two shownare representative values. Finished in oak and upholstered in leather big, roomy and comfortable. Be sureto come early and get your choice of the best ones.You have always wanted adressing table ' in your bedroomhere then is a chanceto buy one at below manufacturer's cost. We have a complete stock of dressing tablesin triple-mirrored design thatwere odd pieces from regularsuites all periods representedwe want to move them thataccounts for, the low pricequoted.A. f WHEELER h GO,OppV Court HouseCHAS. 6REEN, Mafer"..PtrbKfptpckys.il&'-:4'iImiw. ,iiftiiijiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiliiMiiMiiiiiMijmiijimi. ar8-lrl) V . r"91t'yv.- -.T FRIDAY, APRIL 8, 1921THE BOURBONNiws, raws, rarrocn - .v 'J - FACirmi ' 'Mary 1 . , . - . , j7 ifixkFOR THE BEST.. NOTHING ELSESPECIAL FOR SATURDAYBIG BROOM SPECIAL POR SATijpj)AY, APRIL 9.W. N. DEERIKG & SON.o ,CALL ELVOVE PHONE 360If you have furniture of anydescription to sell, call J. Elyov560. He wants to Duy u.. oSALE OF EDIBLESphoneSOCIAL ASD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, .There and NElsewhere. -andThe ladies of St. Peters Episcopalrfiurcli will hold a sale of edibles tomorrow (Saturday) in the office ofthe Paiis Realty Co. They will haveon sale a most enticing line of hornmade good things to eat, and hope tobe :aoied with a liberal patronage.os SCHOOL RALLY SATURDAYX school rally in an educationalprogram will be held at the CenterHill consolidated school near CenterMile, Saturday night at 7:30 o'clock.Speeches will tfe made by J. VirgilChapman, State Rural School Inspectcr, and Hon. Jaanes H. Thompson,of Paris. The patrons of the schoolare especially requested to be present, ioHOME-COOKED DELICACIES FORSUNDAY DINNER'jWe will have on saie to-morrow(Saturday) a full and complete lineof home-cooked delicacies for yourSunday dinner, such as cakes, pies,chicken salad, beaten biscuit, etc.All-day service. This home-cookedsale of fancy edibles will be heldevery Saturday. Special orders willfce filled a any tfme. Cumberlandphone 633. (It)oRIGHT ARM BROKEN.While attempting, to crank an auinmnhilA in the store room of theHedmon Motor Co., of which his father, Claude Redmon, is proporietor,John T. Redmon, suffered a brokenright arm, whenthe machine backfired, the crank striking him onHhearm. He was taken to a physician'soffice, where the injured member wasset, ind taken to his home on Cypress street.oLEGGING FOR GOOD ROADSE. B. Savers, of Covington, promtaat business man, and jjood roadsadvocate, is in Paris, in the interest of the good-roads movement. Mr.Sayers is consulting leading officialsand business men of the city andcounty, in regard to holding anothergood-roads meeting, this one to beheld in Covington in the near future. Mr. Sayers is enthusiasticover the prospects for rerouting theDixie Highway.IN A CLASS BY ITSELFStop by and purchase some of thatcelebrated Purina Chick Feed in ajclass by itself.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oDRESSED POULTRYWE "WILL HAVE DRESSEDPOULTRY EVERY SATURDAY.CUMB. PHONE 361; HOME PHONE552.LEON RENAKER & CO.(8-2t)o-GROCERY COMPANY PLACED INRECEIVER'S HANDSThe Parrakeeet Grocery Company,a co-operative concern, which hasbeen doing business in the old Taylor & Jordan stand, at .the corner ofMain and Tenth streets, for severalmonths, was closed Monday, whenthe business was placed in the handsof a receiver.The Company was organized herewith local capitalists as financiersand with lqqal management. Sopietiae after it was sold .to a LouisTiHe concern. The original ownersbought the business of Taylor & Jordan, which succeeded the firm ofBalrd & Taylor.FRESH riSHFOR TO-DAY.Wee task fish 'received to-dayI to-morrow. Remember weiress fish free and deliver themMARGOLEN'S MEAT'MARKET.52SM CHANGES HANDSvKr. Morris Stern has purchased"& Levy Dry Cleaning plant of Mr.Siob T.pv 9ni tuirpn r.haree of same.Mfc Stern is a practical tailof and"rked at the trade for years beforectariag to Paris. The plant purchased of Mr. Levy is modern in&? respect and has just beentSfcroughly overhauled and is now?mr for the big rush of Spring"wcrk. The new firm is especially prepared to thoroughly clean and reno-Tte rugs. Their f acilities for dyeng, clewing and pressing clothesof all j kinds are unexcelled.Special attention given "to drycleaning ladies- fin waUfe. anddelicate fabric of ;& kia.Mr.Stem aaks all of Mr. IJvrf caatoawrg a an M It txmi far tlwirtiada. - , yMiss Helen Cain has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Mary Horine, inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs,. Catesby Woodfordhave returned from a visit to friendsin Lexington. -Miss Elmeta Hinton has returned from a visit to Miss MadgeIsaacs, in Danville.Miss Cornelia Stone, of this city,is visiting her sister, Miss1Stone, in Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Hedgesvisited Mrs. Henry O. Thomas, inWinchester, this week.Miss Olivia Atchison, of nearParis, is a guest of Miss FlorenceStamper, in Mt. Sterling.v Mrs. J. J. Salmon, of Winchester, -is visiting Miss Sena Rion, andother lelatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris andson, Jesse Harris, motored to Corbin,Tuesday, where they spent the day.Miss Nora Rourke has returnedto her home in Paris aftefc a visitto relatives and friends in Richmond.Louisville Courier-Journal: "Mr.Clarke Lampton will leave to-day" forirans, Ky., where he will spend sometime."Mr. and Mrs. Clark Lowry hayereturned to their home in Dayton,Ohia, after a visit to relatives nearParis.Mrs. James Harbeson, of Plemingsburg, is spending the week inParis as a guest of her son, Capt.Robert Harbeson.Mrs. Martha Myers, of Cynthiana, is a guest of Mrs. Birdie ClayWebb and Miss SusieNClay, at theirhome near Paris.Mrs. L. D. Thornton, Sr., has returned to her hepne in Versailles, after a visit to friends and relatives "hithis city and county.Mrs. Lou Smedley is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she is under treatment for rheumatism.Mrs. Charles Sauer underwentan operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Tuesday. She is reported as doing very nicely.Mis. Wilhajm A. Parrish, of Cynthiana, and Mrs. Maude Caldwell, ofKansas City, were recent guests ofMrs. Nellie Stoker Highland.Miss Frances Kenney, of Paris,attended the party given in Georgetown by Miss Mary Shouse Ricketts,in honor of Miss Eleanor Thomas.Misses Irma and Lena Hollarhave returned to their home in-thisciy after a visit of several days toMrs. W. V. Hendricks, in Winchester. , Miss Alma Goldstein, who is attending the Cincinnati Conservatoryof Music, is visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles S. Goldstein, onHiggins avenue. "Marshall Weigbtt, ten-year-oldson of Mrs. (May Weigott, of Paris,underwent an operation for repiovalof tonsils at the Massie MemorialHospital, Wednesday.A large number of Paris andBourbon county music-lovers attend-'ed the performances given in Lexington by "Mmme Schumann-Heinckand the New York Philharmonic Orchestra. ' Misses Elizabeth snd FrancesGreer had as guests Tuesday, MissesTrinnie Duncan, of Carlisle, ViegoseSmith, -of Winchester, Mabje Greer,of Bardstown, and Munday Greer, olMillersburg.Stanford Interior-Journal: "Mr.Nand Mrs. Alfred Pence, Mrs. AnniEngleman, Mrs. E. T. Pence, Jr., andMiss Sue Taylor Engleman heardRev..Billie Sunday at Paris, Mondayafternoon."Among the Winchester peoplewho heard Billy Sunday in this cityMonday were Mrs. J.. Hutsell, Mrs.Edgar Taylor, Mrs. D. S. Powell, Mrs.Riffe Hedgkin, Mrs. Robert Bratton,Mrs. Webb Bratton and Mrs. DavidBratton.Harry Muir, former Parisian,a visitor in Paris Wednesday.This was his first visit to his oldhome in eleven years. ,Mr. Muir hasbeen residing at Hattieiburg,' Miss,,since- leaving Paris, , ,Mrs. Eugene Hutsell, of Paris,is a patient at the 'Massie MemorialHospital, twhere sfie recently underwent a very serious operation, performed by Dr. Stockenger. ' Mrs: Hutsell is reported. as being greatly improved. -j. J. Veatch, district manager ofthe Central Home Telephone Co.,who has been very ill at his home onuMictnn avATiiip for several weeks, isableto be up and about the house,and is making rapid progress toward recovery.The ladies of the Catholic Clubwill give an euchre at a future datein the Hall on High street .followedby a dance. The feature of the occasion will be an old-fashionedsquare 'dance m wnion several uiatimors will lead.X)r. e. E. Watson, formerly ofParis, who has been'in Cuba for several anonths, was in Paris this week,visiting friends and acquaintances.During his residence here Mr. Watson was engaged in the practice ofhis profession as a veterinarianCynthiana people wno were ucwnndav to attend the Billy SundaymnntiTnr"arfi Mr. andTiriiflna wmhrv. Editor JamesAllen, Mrs. S. F. Sprague, MayorjmdMrs Rodmey Withers, Mr. and Mrs.RUllioP, Mr. rs. BarlWri11rvfl miTft. WmWIUU Auwww.,Gnadinger, Bertha ReeseCoffee. 7Miss Nancy Dent McCartneyhas returned from a visit to relatives; in Flemingsburg. 'Mr. and Mrs. Roy Elmer navereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.John Buehler, in Louisville.Robert Dalzell, who was recentlyoperated on at the Massie MemorialHospital, by Drs. Kenney & ;Stockenger, is getting along nicely.Rev. Father William O'Hara,pastor of the Church of The Annunciation, in this city, was a guest offriends in Versailles, Wednesday."Mrs. Reynolds Letton, of Paris,Hadley is visiting Mrs. W. H. Coofcer, inWashington, D. C. Before returningto Paris she will visit New Yorkand Atlantic City. iMrs. William S. Freeman, ofPittsburg, who has been a guest ofParis relatives for some tipae, is nowvisiting her sister, Mrs. CharlesVance, in Lexington, before returning to her home in May.Mr. and Mrs. Wn Wilder, ofLouisville, and Miss Judith Wilder,of Lexington, were visitors in Parisyesterday. They came to attend theperformance of "Peaceful Valley"at the Paris High School.' Q. B. Harrison, secretary of theY. M. C. A., and Rev: T. S. Smylie,pastor of the Paris Presbyterian,church, were in Lexington, Wednesday, to see Sherman H. Stivers, wnoremains in a very critical condition.The Community Service Department of the Bourbon County Wat-man's Club held an interesting andvery important business and socalsession yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, at the home of Miss LucyBlythe Sim.ms, on Second street.Mr. and Mrs. James Duncan Bellentertained with a dinner-bridgeTuesday night at their home on Highstreet, m honor of the brides andbridegrooms of the family, Mr. , andMrs. Philip Renick, of Winchester,and Mr. and Mrs. William Tayloof Paris.o1MAKES YOU THINK OFl iClothes !ISGLUTEN FLOURWe have Gluten Four of all kinds.Pure and wholesome.(8-lt) C. P. COOK & CO "oSALESMEN WANTED.'Sell Oif, Grease, Paint, Specialties.All or part time. Cominission basis.Should have car or 'rig. Samplesfree. Write for the profitable terms.Riverside Refining Co., Cleveland,Ohio. (adv). oUNE HO!ME FOR SALEWatch for large advertisement to. . rrtTTTTl nMTTJTjnMappear later m mxj duuauu.NEWS of the Frank Collins rami,better known as the George Wyattplace, just outsidehe city limits ofParis. 9The place contains a two-storybrick residence of nine rooms, electric lights, bath and all modern conveniences. This place will be sold at publicauction on Saturday, April 30, atabout the hour of 10 a. m. Also atthe same time and place will be affered a lot of live stock, farming implements, etc. Terms made known onday of sale. For further information call on Harris, Speakes & Harris, Real Estate Agents.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.. oTO ADMINISTER (ESTATESIn the County Court, Judge Geo.Batterton appointed Hord W. Mannas administrator of the estate of thelate -Wyett Lewis. Mr. Mann qualified for the trust by furnishing bondin the sum of $1,000, with Chas. A.McMillan as surety.Lucius Moreland was appointed asadministrator of the estate of thelate George L. Moreland. Mr. Moreland qualified for the position by furnishing bond in the sujm of $5,000,with Arthur Moreland aB surety.LighterNow Get Next to a Cool, ood FittingMunsing Union SuitBalbriggan or Nainsook$1.00, $1.50 and $2.00jOver this Foundation Don aCrisp, New Shirtr V , of Fast Color Materials )$1.00 to $6.50Then the SuitAny Kind You Might Think Of is Here$12.00 to $37.50Trimmings, of CourseNeckwear 35c to $1.50Socks 15c to $1.25Hals $2.00 to $7.50Shoes -$4.00 to $12.00We'll Take Pleasure in Shpiving YouLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Streeti1i"Trade at Home"Call Our Store "HomewasDollarUnion Suitsthat aregood, ineTery wayiii fit, in 'quality and .in comfort.It' time ' :ofow to JUt'em on andthis announcementof the return (of the "dollarunion suitr txis especiallyopportune.Mrs.M.Kn. Fajmfe Jouott, UH. Fxak Mor-yijuui Mary abbctii vuiMf,lliwEstablished April 1 QtK, I860,Mrs.5Dear.Housekeeper, vAnywhere. & -Madam.--." Spring is right here and you vant to freshen up your home, ofcourse. We are offering all of our draperies at greatly reduced prices and Weare letting our lace curtains go the same way. Gome in today and getyours. ,''Have you seen our Spring Wall Paper and Rugs? They are quiteto see, both as to price and beauty, Don't forg'et vve save youworth whilemoney. xs' IIAlso, vVQ have just received a bigRefrigerators at attractive prices. (jne of .; Leonard and ProgressIf it comesfrom ecvisrbis ridht:THE J. T. HINTOJN CO.EITHERPHONE 3S . , FA"' liENTUCKY ySIXTH AND MAINjotor Horse-Motor Invalid Coach--Undrtaktog -I IMv.ssEHA21 Aimjiri1V!ki"rir -In1-Ai -'?IBPmiMrS"jjr jVs 'r.'' vK ?' 1v-V'firt1iTHE JBOUKBON NWi, PAWS, KKNTUfkTFRipAY, APRIL. S,v19lfFAGKSIXV,,7 "IVf iclu" yiST t. rt.xsr J00tH'Cutting a wideswath" in any walk of lifemeans that you must have goodblood, steady nerves and strength inreserveChatham, Va, "I was so weak andjun-clown last spring that I could notwork two hours without sitting downin. the field and resting. I sent andgot a bottle of Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Discovery, it did me so muchgood that I sent for three more bottles. After taking them I felt like anew man. I dofbelieye that if it hadjwt been for this medicine I wouldhave had to givs up work." J. R.STATE, R. P. D?3.All druggist. Liquid or tablet.Hawks Migrate En Bloc.The autumn migration' of hawks isMade partly en bloc, a large proportion of the total population of severalNorthern species appearing and passing southward at certain more or lessiefinite times. Often one "wave" 'ofjhe birds will follow a period ofsniescence, "which wilj be in turn succeeded by sanother wave.Not a Favorite.Says an exchange: "The man whoimagines he has no equal must lead aery lonely life." He does, brother,for few people care for his society.Boston Transcript.BEITER I1 CALOMELThousands Have DiscoveredDr. Edwards' Olive Tabletsare a Harmless SubstituteDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substitute for calomel are a mild but surelaxative, and their effect on the liver isalmost instantaneous. These little olivecolored tablets are th result of Dr.Edwards' determination not to treatKverand bowel complaints with calomel.The pleasant little tablets do thegood that calomel does, but have nobad after effects. They don't injure theteeth like strong liquids or calomel.They take hold of the trouble andquickly correct it. Why cure the liverat the expense of the teeth? Calomel" sometimes plavs havoc with the gums.So do strong liquids. It is best not totake calomel. ,Let Dr. Edwards' OliveTablets take its place.Headaches, "dullness" and that laz;feeling come from constipation and adisordered liver. Take Dr Edwards'dive Tablets when you feel "logy and"heavy." They "clear" clouded brainand "perk up" the spirits. 15c and 30cFIND INDIAN CHIEFS GRAVEHe Was Buried Long Ago in KansasWith All His WorldlyPossessions.Liberal, Kan. The last restingplace of an Indian chieftain and hishorse have been unearthed by O. E.Hinds, a farmer near Florls, in thesandhills along the Beaver.He had been sent off to the "happyhunting grounds," with' apparently allhis worldly possessions. The skeleton was wrapped in a blanket ofheavy texture, apparently once ofbrightest colors. Beneath the human skeleton wa? that of a horse,which had been Interred with full accoutrements saddle, bridle and numerous trinkets with which Indianswere accustomed to decorate their favorite mounts.On the wrist of the man's skeletonwas a large, bracelet made of manycoils of metal, about three inches wideand quite heavy. A ring of the samematerial encompassed one finger. Another bracelet, of more elaborate design, was found among the ornaments,made of metal, rawhide, and manybeads, highly ornamented, and shellornaments also were found. The onlyweapon was what apparently had oncebeen a sword or speartItttMNOM)NOVEL SUITS FOR SPRINGGAS BALKS SAFE CRACKERSAfter Working for Hours on BankVault They Decamp, LeavingTheir Tools Behind.Mt. Clemens, Mich. Mustard gnssaved the Merchants and Savingsbank at Utlca a considerable sum ofmoney. Af ter having worked for somehours to reach the "interior of thebank vault, three yeggs were forcedaway from their quarry by mustardgas hidden in the recesses of thevaultAn investigation of the interior ofthe bank found it filled wlth thefumes of mustard gas. The first doorof the vault had been blown away.The mustard gas tubes had been installed ten days ago, as a precautionagainst robbers.Lieut. Charles Carmody. fingerprint expert of the Detroit police department, was summoned by SheriffSpalter to make photograph offinger prints on the vault door. Lieu-'tenant Carmody is of the opinion thatthe men are expert cracksmen..Officers of the sheriffs staff arecombing neighborhood towns fortraces of the bandits, but no arrestshave been made.In their haste to escape the fumesthe robbers left their burglar tools behind.THE DRINKBy FRANCES E. GOODRICH.I I ' UssssKIKsa llllllllllllllllllffi EV '''II nTnBpr v iI 1 IJC? v llllllllllllllllll I 'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinirL-- Null iII 1 1 I llllllluuflr W'JUU I 'It !l I illlUUnMPVPK TrJiillI UriTlv w 1 'Brim . ''a J1I I 'I V -- 4IM iI Wl V&r V '"' '--iVlI llillll l"i " -" "mlHHl '1 niiiiil ETi - i rNjjiiin 4I SSl lol7S-'c-J -- -CrrtZMm 1111JsL 111 III III 'HI III HKsn III ill ulxSLHHlffflJ lrt $38rV VBBaf J rnl Mill m WW' II I 'Ml I 1iKl El III 1 1 ill III l -H iff Iff Hill ttl HI .Escaoe the "Stout" Qui HSexton Defies Ghostsin Old MausoleumTuscaloosa, Ala. "Old Ike," anegro sexton in a Tuscaloosacemetery, was not superstitious.That seems to have been provedwith the recent demolition of amausoleum here.When the vault fell into decay, weird happenings were related, and it was pointed outas a place where ghosts congregated. It was shunned except by "Old Ike," the onlyname by which he was known.There was a hole in the wall,and when Ike discovered it, hedecided to utililze the place forstoring his pick, shovel andother tools. He Is credited withsaying that he never lost a tool.it4i0iittttiii0i4Young Farmer yon Embroidery Prize.Boston, Ind. The prize winner ofthe sweepstakes prize for the best example of- hand embroidery, at a township farmer's institute held here, wasCharles Endsley, a young farmer, whowon over many women entries.An attractive figure is not amatter o size but of correctproportions. 1 he stout women who are never spoKenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where .the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen and hip?.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."Triad from $2 to $ioSWEARQFFTOBACCOFRANK & CO.J"No-To-Bac" has lielped thousandto break the costly, nerve-shalterin;tobacco habit. Whenever you" have ;longing for a cigarette, cigar, -pipeor for a chew, just place a harmlc?No-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be com-nietelv brcken. and you are betteroff mentally, physically, financially.Its so easy, so simple. CJet-a box oiNo-To-Bac and if it doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without questionGood Time to Be Eorn.Persons born between January 20and February 19, when thevsun is inAquarius, are broad judges of humannature .and can be relied upon to estimate a person's honesty almost atfirst sight. They are good "mixers,"lovers of public entertainments, theaters, fairs, public ceremonies, absorbinformation easily and from every possible source.' They are clever at mim-icryt and see the funny sid of life.Are well adapted to mercantile orpolitical pursuits.Ancient Crane.The oldest crane in the world is lecated in Triw, on the River Mosel. laJTance. JL preserved recerd shows itwas built In 1413. It-Is Still in use..rrrMAWTi, 1921, by ilcClure Newspaper Syndicate.)Among his friends on' the force hewas known as Big Arm John, and threasoh was perfectly obvious whenone looked at the great muscles swelling beneath the isleeves of his uniform. When he went away to France hecarried with him the treasure of agirl's love, and the sweetness of realization came to him when he returnedan3 made Margaret his wife.They found a modest little flat nearthe station and settled down to whatseemed a life of quiet happiness, butalways in Margaret's heart wasthe shadow of coming evil.At times John noticed her abstraction and when he asked the reasonshe would tell him of her feeling, andhe would laugh and kiss her, and tellher she needed more pf the outdoorworld and sunshine."You must take a lone walk eachday,dear, and while you are out justthink of all the nice things you can,preferably of all the many virtues ofa man called Big Arm John," and hewinked' at her slyly and swung her upto the celling as though she were ababy.Then ensued a scehe that wouldhave done credit to a nursery, andfinally when John went away he lefta flushed and laughing wife.For some weeks that purt of thecity had been the center of operationsof a party of bootleggers, and the police had been baffled for the time.That memorable afternoon Johnhurried home to let her know that hewould be away all night.The police had received news that afew miles from the city there was acase worth Investigating, and Johnwas one of those designated for thework. He and Herndon, In plainclothes, farted out in their speedylittle car, just as it began to growdusk. They had been pals in France."I tell you, John, I'm getting sickof this business. This crime -stuff Isgetting on my nerves. Two. years ofcrapping In France and now chasingbootleggers here. Bah, laugh if youwant to, but I'm thinking seriouslyof taking the wife and kiddles and settling down on a little farm somewhere." John didn't laugh. Instead, heclapped a hand on his companion'sshoulder."Don't know but you're right, oldscout. Sometimes I get fed up onthis stuff myself, but the pay's good,and I have to save something. Mar-enret wants me to elve it ud. SheTseems afraid all the time somethingwill happen to me. Funny they worrybo much, Isn't it?""Mine is that way, too. ImagineVm killed about forty times a day.Weti, It's pretty nice to know theythink so much of us, Til say."Say, Herndon," he broke out suddenly. "Pull up on that car ahead.Looks rather suspicious somehow."Herndon pushed on speed and thelittle car pulled up close beside thelarger one. There were two men inIt, a chauffeur In livery, and a manabout thirty years of age, evidentlywell to do.As the car with the officers cameabreast the stranger rose in his seat,and drawing a small black bottlefrom his pocket .raised It to his lips.Then looking towards them he madea mock flourish with the flask, andsaid In clear, ringing tones, "We whoire about to die, salute you.""Stop!" shouted the officer, andspringing clear from his own car land-,pd on the running board of the other.Herndon, 'meanwhile, by a skilfulmaneuver, brought hs car directlyacross the road. John was now Inthe seat with the stranger, and grasping the hand with the flask demandedto know its contents, showing bisbadge of authority meanwhile."My J dear fellow, why should youwish to know what my precious bottleholds? Ifbut this glass were clearyou would m see the wonderful goldenlight of the liquid within. Surely youwould not deny me the privilege ofVising myself in its hidden Wonders.Don't you remember Omar's words:41 'Why, be this juice the growth ofGod, who dareBlaspheme the twisted tendril as asnare? 1A blessing, Ave should use it, shouldwe not? . vAnd If a curse, why, then, who set itthere?' " ,"I don't know who Omar is, and Idon't care, but I do want to knowwhat is in that bottle and if you wonttell me Til find out.""It smells like liquor, but it's aqueer smell, too. Guess I'll have toake a taste and make certain."had turned to Herndon as he spoke,and raising the flask to his lips tastedof it. s"Well, you would do it, you know,"groaned the man in the car. "Youhave taken my golden release andwhile you. go free my body must stillwear its fetters."While he spoke Jhn looked at himwith a queer, dazed expression in his.eyes. A strange sagging appeared inhis limbs and a slight twitching inhis muscles.aWh'at was It?" he gasped."PofoonJ' came the one word, andas he spoke the officer crumpled atthe stranger's feet, his great Tralkwrithing in afeony. mWith a shrink of rage Hendoaleaped into the car and raise tsSBJSJHBBfllBjButiHBttHrV . VWmBtttiPn"sJ'JSr S jbS..x tiif WMany of the style features that dis- ltinguish this seaspn's suits are attractively combined in the trim model,with itsstraight-line silhouette, thatinvites study here. Beginning withthis uprightness of line it adds theflaring sleeve, the odd management ofpockets, simplicity and cleverness inits decoration to "appeal to the womanwho likes smart suits that follow Hewstyles in a conservative way. Thevery simplest of embroidery is usedon it but it is unusually effective especially where it defines the arm'seye.GEORGETTE REMAINSrWORKDAYS 'AND REST NIGHTSCan you do it now? If you cant,there's something wrong.Many find coffee a disturbiryjelement, so wisely leave it offand usebstumCerealPostum is a purecereal drink containing nothing thatcanpossiblydStumnerves or digestionu'll find Postumhas a delightful flavor that rally satisfies'."There's a Reason forPostumMacie by Vostum Cereal Co.,Inc.y ..Battle Creek,Mich .fbstijmmSSMaP-.yP 9fionfffiTiimsgfisg?nf5gg!?Kggggg;s?ggriIflljiliHIill'& J, "W ' , ''l SSSSSSSSfi ' 1. ' x j&Xri 51 Wffi 1-JPma iMWMWVAViV A .W VS "V iW HfiY f ff-'-f-r-f-JXmmMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHDesigners have been generous in thevariety of beautiful blouses withwhich they welcome summer. Manyof them are made of georgette in twocolors like the lovely model shownabove. Nothing equals georgette fordaintiness and it remains an unrivaled !favorite whose cause Is furthered bythis new arrival. Imagine it in navyblue with neck, sleeves and peplumbordered with tangarlne. Needleworkmarks the borders in squares and alittle embroidery finds a place onthem. The girdle is of blue ribbon.VACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other-toysleft over from the holidays.ELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSLet Us Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.T.MAIM STREETW. SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEASPIRINName "Bayer" on' GenuineBeware! Unless you see the name"Bayer'on package or on tablets youare not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for twenty-oneyears and proved safe by millions?Take Aspirin only as told in theBayer package for Golds, Headache,.Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Earache,Toothache, Lumbago and for Pain. 4Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also senlarger' packages. Aspirin is thetrade marie of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid..(adT)o, sCedar Hen Nests.The problem of keeping the hen'snest free from insects has been approached from a new angle by a farmer who Is constructing nests,, for hisJohn hens out of cedar bark. BjUgs, as ev- iery housewife knows, strongly objectto cedar. For tnis purpose tneoaricIs shredded and the buds of the' treeincluded with it ,If Your GroundIs Hard9And you are getting behind withyour workRememberwe can get you through with aFordsonRUGGLESrY-Encourages Infection.Dr. Eric Pritchard suggests in thPractitioner (London) that eating toomuch carbohydrate material makespersons susceptible to infectious 'dis-'eases. This is important4 to mothersof young children, as it means thatthey should restrict the quantity ofstarchy and sugary foods that theiroffspring eat- -o 1Limitations. 'As a "general thfng, when It cornsud tkat a woman-has to ask a man to1 1 ll.-. lAVnAn4-a hl. K-. ,gUe?S UCT S "c ca.yjv;ia uiiu-'iUj uvvrentlemaa. Dallas NewsA .IIHmiMIMHIMMIHMIIIUtllHIMMIllllllllMHGEORGE R. DAVIS. UNDERTAKERDistinctive Service4aflssa!BOTHTICLCP HONESNight- '- - ' - "" - -- -i '-Day1S7x:&-'i r .-'VV v" --X -jmmjity,JNm''r jt,"? -", t r- A ? ," K T" ," " ' I'FRIDAY, ARIL S 1S21- 1s.j iMiiiinniiHMimniiiiil IS. P.MOHNEYITHU BOURBON NEWS. P&RIS. Ki&mJCk- ?Hall'a Catarrh Medictea .Those who are ia a "run dowm" coaii4m w atk that Catarrh bothers$bem much more than vhen they are iagood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aToalc and Blood Purifier, and acts throughihe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing: the inflammationAnd restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.A Popular PlaceTo EatSpecial DinnersEvery Day and Especially onSunday, Both Noon and vat SixO'clock.Special Rates Bythe Week for Regu-lar BoardersA nice home place ho'me cooking and home treatment.1 ELLIS TEAROOMOpposite Court House.ChiropractorI FIFTH YEAR IN PARIS fi i i i i i i iPAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ON ,PaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.The Best Goods at theBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.VARDEN I SONDruggists Both Phones. .BRIGHTER.EVENINGSmomJust History.RUM-lJoWN, E&KStraslnrg, Va. "Sdme-yoftni go twas in, poor health, was ia a rundown, weakenedcondition. Ourkome doctorcould do me nogood and I feltdiscouraged. Myhusband said tome, 'Why don'tyou quit doctorins: with thfiSAdoctors and try Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription?' I did so, with wonderful results before the first bottlewas finished. I used three bottles,also the 'Pleasant Pellets', and harebeen healthy, ever since. I canhighly recommend these medicinesto all who need them." MRS. S. C.FEELY.Send 10c to Dr. Pierce's Invalids'Hotel in Buffalo, N. Y., for a trialpackage of the Prescription Tablets.iwu&mvsn?vv lKJfANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. .CAYWOOD, ' of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator fropi theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clarfc and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at th'ipolls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized ten announceJAMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Repesentative from Bourbon County inthe Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofthe TOters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature subject to the action of trievoters of tiie county in the primaryelection ic be held on August 6,1921.FOR SHERIFF.1 hereby announce myself aa acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.it. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.STYLISH AND PRACTICALmS " f . !, I I. .' gqgBHBgBCggaMBBsM ' - - - m.jB$2frr "TTstyz: iw.. xfax tSSSJBJBKicP?2K &jB bsbVVbssBRI V aHftaWI tjSHafca JHIb I ill WMMSmmSsm Bli! 11181 '!BSBSBSBMsS BBM f 'mSSB mmmmB-m flKHH If J 11 ! fmmi&r BSSfwnHlfflllffl !iPJrarlB SfeMF tBx35 SSSSaggBjS&RSE Sk v kw$ oBi4o8 BBBBhhSuS So o8 !S888bo8SbBSBc'38S& w& SBSSBSmBBB b BoBbHe SS'3BkS 'VZa SSSSSSJBBJSSBJSJ k v4&1 RnJfflM IBR Sks Km isisisHsBSslil.MlligSBrllh IBSSSSSMBSSB jx-'WK jHp W&;': JRIn measuring the most valuable attributes of any garment', femininejudgment is apt to think at least ashighly of style as of utility. If oneor the other must be sacrificed it isnot style, and it is a happy circumstance when both are found artfullycombined. This is the case with thehandsome utility coat, shown 'in thepicture. It is long and full, with dolman sleeves and deep yoke that suggests a cape. The collar is ample andmay be buttoned up about the throat.The material is a soft but looselywoven pile fabric, light in weight, butcozy, anjl style of this coat places itin the distinguished class where thereare few that are so practical.By LydU E. PiriklWs Vegetable Compound, RestoringMrs. Benz to HealthAltOOna. Pa. "T am nmh'nn , 11you what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablecompound has donefor me. We havehad six childrendie almost at birth.From one hour tonineteen davn is nilthey have lived. Asl was going to haveanother, I took adozen bottles of yourVegetable Compound and I can saythat it is the great-earth, for this hahv is TtrwxT -ftm TYisvn4-v.nold and a healthier baby you would notwant. I am sending you a picture ofher. Everybody says, That is somenealthv looking- babv ' Ynn hnvo mo'consent to show this letter.' 'Mrs. C.w. BENZ, 131 3rd Ave., Altoona, Pa.No woman can realize the ioy andhapppiness this healthy babe broughtinto the home of Mrs. Benz, unless theyhave had a like experience.Every woman who suffers from anyailments peculiar to her sex, as indicated by backaches, headaches, bearingdown pains, irregularities, nervousnessand "the blues" should not rest untilthey have given Lydia E. Pinhham'sVegetable Compound a trial.YOUTH MEETS SPRINGIn 7 "J. S3The Colonial JkmeSpun her cloth ABy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She ereetei her, guestiSy Coal OH light.And later on,How time doe iasiHer home was litBy iickering 6ts.' But the girl 0 U-iayWho wtntt her hame bright,Just presfM a ImtttmAnd has Electric Light.g4eiFOR COUNTY CLERK- We are authorized tc announcePEARCE TATON as a candidate forClerk of ths Bourbon County Courtsupject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 121.We are authorized to announce J.B. "CAYWOOD as a candidate forCleric of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921., FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters ar the p'rimaryelection, in August, 1921.N We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to thesctlcn of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, Au?n&t 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are 'authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits". the support of the votersIn his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to " announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits yotfr support.jeSeVsBWSsiBlBlBlTSSBriKrVV '&' J LsfiseK&. (Iacorforatet)FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are -authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKIE SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support. rFOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceTHFODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actiondf the voters at the, primary election on August 6, 1S21.We are authorized to announceROBFRT S PORTER, of Paris, as -candidate for Police Judge -of fheCity of Paris, subject to'tne action'ofi the voters in the primary election on August C, Itlli'When youth and springtime meet inthe mind of the designer of millinerywe are presented with such conceptions as those in the group of hatsshown above. One of the new shinyfabrics makes the draped Durban withits audacious drooping bow at the rightside. Knife-plaited ribbon is responsible for the cheerful hat in rose colorthat looks as if it mlgh't be made ofsea shells at the rights The odd anddashing shape at the left has a satinbrim and fancy braid crown with acluster that comprises fruits, flowersand foliage posed against it. Thewide-brimmed braid hat boasts oflovely lines not interfered with by arosette and ends of satin ribbon posedat the side. These are only four.among the myriads of hats made tograce the heads of young women, butfrom jrtiem may be gathered somethingof the vivacity and the general brightness of new shapes and materials forspring.FASHION'S TREND IN SUITSif Yl i&i&t 4f VvVsfl?.74 JnsSi Iin I shJBbmJI SBBrJPJlwP'W SSSSJBSSBSajR KS bSP ;-. vW :i fjLflsHHll IF&f 8 &Jr slllHHIBH a&$ LsHBHIHflBP JJwL flHtsssH L biThe procession of suits for spring3hows the trend of fashion in fourdirections with many versions of theboxcoat in the lead. Then come thestraightline, bloused and sashed models, like that shown in the picture, followed by others. Styles are determined by coats and skirts are plain.This suit has reduced its lines andtrimmings to the last degree of simplicity and has, therefore, a new smart'ness of its own. The sash of wideblack satin ribbon, however, is gathered in at the ends and finished withvery handsome silk tassels.. Thesebloused and k sashed suits are youthful looking and have a chic simplicity'iDnroved with much fervor last bow.- ".-'- "V " t - t'fi-rJOY RRMIRHTinto home! C. S. BAIL GARAGEif,-i mmbssmSsr ySKtSt bsbbIBW . ' WmOF SHEPHERDS CHECK'SMslOne of the best of this season's separate skirts is presented here 'and itpleases every one who loves neat andcrisp tailored clothes. It is made of amaterial that has a stripe of shepherd's check alternating with one ofblack with a white line through it.f Box. plaits almost conceal the blackstripe. -v0ARE YOURHEUMATIC?Many Pangs That Pass for Rheumatism Are Heally Due to WeakKidneysIs it rheumatism?Not every pain is.Weak kidneys let uric acid collect.Uric acid, causes many queer pains.In the thigh it's sciatica;In the back, lumbago;In the nerves, neuritis.Gout, gravel, dropsy are urictioubles.When you suspect the kidneys iiacDoan's Kidney PillsThe home-iecommended remedy.Paris testimony is the best proof.Ask your neighbor.Read this Paris woman's story, Mrs. J. N. T? 'vnolds, 255 Winchestei stieei, baa.. "I have found Doan's Kidney Pills to do me more goodthan any remedy I have ever useJand I recommend them highly. Isuffered from rheumatic pains andkidney trouble. I could always teilwhen the weather was going tochange, as my limbs would beccjmeveiy painful. I would become djzzyespecially when 'I first got up in themorning. My kidneys were not -actinglegularly. either. I was not longin getting relief -after I began usingDoan's KidneyPills, and felt betteVin every way after using them."Price 60cy at all dealers. Qpn'tsimply ask for at kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Reynolds had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oTattoo Marks.Although tattoo marks generally areasserted to be indelible if produced bythe insertion of some carbonaceousmatter, it is said they will disappeari if first well rubbed with a salve of pureacetyc acid and lard, then with a solution of pptash, and finally with hydrochloric acid. It would be advisable toconsult a skin specialist.) , .v Too Much "No, No."Ned, visiting at grandpa's, wanderedfrom his mother's room into that 01his aunt, and presently 'had to be reproved for meddling. Looking sadly athis aunt, le remarked: "Mamma, no,no! Aunt Edie, no no!" and his repentant aunf had to give him a hugand find him something to play with.There is no reduction in the heating qualities of natural gas after theextraction ofits gasoline, accordingto tests, conducted by the U. S. bureau of mines. 'Cor. Fourth and Pleasant iSi-z .Mr. Farmer:ITS PLOW TlHave You a GenuineVULCAN PLOW?If not you are not prepared to plow right. Wehave a big line of the REAL, GENUINE VULCANPLOWS AND REPAIRS.- Beware of imitation,we are the authorized dealers and' only sell thegenuine article.Buick Carsof All Models on DisplayWhen you buy a car, be sure and see theBuick before you purchase.C. S. Ball Oaragefourth and Pleasant StreetsIIIIHUllUlHMIMMMMMIMIIIIIMMlltMtllHIMAmElectric Co.Now Open and Ready for Business $with a Complete Line ofELECTRICGrillsToastersIronsVacuum' SweepersWashing MachinesIroning machinesSewing MachinesFlash LightsPercolatorsTable Portable5.ysti3fef;noor LampsFixturesDoor Bells'5-.fic-;'$.vo .fzlectric rVf azd a Larfnpsr All Sires ,We Do All Kinds of El ec trio WiringEstimates Cheerfully 'GivenMXllen ELECTRIC CO. IA1Z MAIN STREET TELEPHONE 500Paris, Ky. Lexington, Ky.iIMIItlliillllllHfHHWtllHHlll'MA WELL-FED HENmeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and ?notecarefully the result. The"Scratch Feed keeps the hensbusy working after Ke grainThe egg Mash provides theibodies with food necessaryto a larqe egg yield.L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHutchcraft Elevator, Pleasant Street- Cumberland Phone 1128 'Vl XFFffc 'IB" m 1 1-A kTBourbon News Advertisers Get Retake4v'1' il1 rmmmmmmimmmmmmmV- JTh.w& y.A N --. v ..? rs1to. F &ijfrlv. ,V 4VTVj:'I -,iff V41 - - ?. . aJV jJ!-Ss.a. .4'f n7.fridataml 8 nil' A -,-.X.i ' xir j-PAGBMQHTTHE'BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYB' '?,.'irIsftp -ik:MILLERSBURG N;! KELIGIOUS.(IVIiss Ruth McClintock has returned from a visit to friends in TMt.t Sterling and Owingsville.Mr. T. K. Shuff, of Georgetown,was the guest of Mr. J. P. McDan-jiel, Sunday and Monday.s MillersDurg and this vicinitrwas well represented at the" Billy. &.A ..- . ......Mr. Claude Oailey, of Ravenna,was the guest of his parents, Dr.and Mrs. W. G. Dailey, Monday andTuesday. " - ( .Mr. M. M. Jmes is able to beat "his place of business after, harming undergone an operation for appendicitis. Mrs. A. B. Pluinmer is improving nicely at St. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, and will returnhome in, a few days." James Hutsell and Dennis McMahan, of Millersburg, who are patients in Lexington hospitals, arereported as improving slowly.Dr. Dailey, of Richmond, andMr. Edward Saulsberry, of Idaho,were guests of their uncle and aunt,Dr. and Mrs. W. G. Dailey, Wednesday.Prof. Green, State. Inspector ofPublic Schools, visited the Millersburg Graded School, Wednesday, anddelivered an address during chapelhour.Re". J. D. Redd, daughter, Mra.JLewis F: ederick and grand-son, Master Lewis Frederick, Jr.,.Harrodsburg, were guests of friends hereMonday and Tuesday.Relatives in Millersburg havezrecived information of the seriousillness of Dink Becraft, of Shackleford, Mo. Mr. Becraft is a formerresident of Bourbon county.George Boulden and sister, MissLillian Boulden, who . have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Clarke,in this city, for some time, have returned to their home in Detroit,Mich.The Ladies' Aid Society of theChristian church held an all-daymeeting at the parsonage Wednesday. Quite a number were present.The meeting was interesting and adelightful lunch was served at noon.The Community Revival whichopened at the Methodist church, Sunday, and is conducted by EvangelistsJames B. Kendall and Lon D. Par' ker gives promise of big results. Alarge audience was in attendance atthe Monday evening serivces. Rev.Kendall's subject was "Fish," takingfor his text that passage of scripturewhere Christ said to his disciples"Follow me, and I will make youfishers of men." Cottage prayer meetings were organized Monday night,and the town was divided into fourdistricts. Beginning with Wednesday prayer meetings will be held in-some tome in each of these districtsevery morning." .i" Contributed)The revival meeting at the Methodist Church, South, under the leadership of Evangelists Kendall andT.Wrpr started off in fine shape Sun-j TrroTio-oiiRt James B. KendattTthough small of body, is a man o,frroat nower. He preaches like" theworld is on fire, and that lost menand women, must be saved, ana atonce Kendall is intensely in earnestand his sermons are direct and pungent full of the real gospel. Fromthe very beginning of his sermon- hoholds the attention of his audience,and although he rarely preachesover thirty-five or forty minutes, yetduring that time ue uca o---.-sledge-hammerblows against sin.The big crowd Sunday night thoroughly enjoyed his sermons on "HowSafan .Hinders Revivals." W outand hear Kendall. Lon D Parker,the gospel singer from Emporia.Kansas, is a good, running mate tax-Kendall. He knows how to sing thegospel, and how to get other peopleto sing. Parker if a converted business man. He was captain of a great"'Kansas gospel :lZonT... e oni for the Master. He is- HRfc as welbas singer, ndhas conducted ' successful meetingsof his own. He will give spectalks to men and women, and m tlu.schools while at Millersburg. Abooster choir of boys and girls-wulbe organized next'Sunday at 2 p. nn.nd tLy will put on a program eachSaturday night oi me uwuB.'sidetne morning and evening ser.fees, Sunday, April 10th there .willbe two special services at 3 P- m.Evangelist Kendall will give usgVeat lecture, "Forbidden Fruit towomen and girls only at the Methodist church, and at the same hourtoL Leader Parker will 'preach tosong " n. t the presbyte-manana uvj -- ... ,0 ,. .4 tti miniuri 1LK uwIt is "an honest to-; An innovation is religious advertising is -to be seen in Winchester,Sunday, April 17, when a real moving picture show is to be put on atthe Methodist church. The film,which consists of "three reels; depictie various Methodist colleges of theSouth, their accomplishments andpurposes. Phases of the WesleyanCollege work will be shown.Large numbers are hearing Mr.Fox and tne impressive singer, Mr.Schofield, both jmorning and eveningservices. The sermons this ,week areespecially to church members, emphasizing their responsibility as soulwinners and showing through Christian example and interest in theunsaved their love for God. The subject Tuesday morning was "Prayer,"from the text, "Teach Us To Pray,"the Christian's great blessing " andprivilege. Mr. Schofield sang feelingly the sweet gospel song, "Somebody Did a Golden Deed; Was" ThatSomebody You." At night the solo,"Weighed In the Balance and FoundWanting," was followed by the. sermoiTfrom the -text, "Prepare to MeetThy God." Every body must prepareto jmeet God; whether our lives arelived for Heaven or Hell. AcceptChrist and live for Heaven; rejectChrist and live for Hell. Wednesday morning the solo, "SomebodyKnows; 'Tis Jesus," was followed bythe sermon on the text, "He ThatWinneth Souls Is Wise," and is acommand to tne onristian. Mr.Schoffeld's singing is a great featureof the meeting. Everyone is invitedto come and hear the singing; stayand hear the preaching". There havebeen 18 confessions so far.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe drive for the budget of thechurch will be made Sunday afternoon. All the members of thechurch are requested to remain athome until the canvassers can. visitthem. .The budget for this year callsfor ?11.500, $6,500 for local expenses, and $5,000 for the benevolentcauses of the church. Report of thedrive will be' made at the eveningservice Sunday.Morning subject, "The Pentecostof Calamity." At the eve'ning servicethe pastor will continue the series oftalks on "Local Characters." Heretofore Nthe people under discussionhave been rather disagreeable citizens. Sunday night one of the rather likeable persons will be presented, "The Enthusiast." One of thefeatures of the evening service is'the gospel singing. A cordial invitation is given to all to join m thesnging, and to attend the services ofthe church. Hours of SundaySchool 9:30 'a. m., preaching at10:55 a. m., and 7:30. m.6 rMATRIMONIAL.a1s1Q1AND1OQ to 5:30., . mmmammmm. "..'. 2Lmm 1 B mM ' a I lVI CnPFBA HnnspWm 1H I L mmmX. I H mmmmmY ,H H B mm mm S mmmmmmmw' t7:00 to 1 0:30- MTO-DAY, RIDAYThos." tl.'lncc presentsCharles RayIN'Homer ComesHome', A picture filled with fun and love andlove and heart tuyg. A romance fine andhuman clean through.Tomorrow Saturdaylierife MarshMrfiINaWits vs, Wits", Also JOE RYANin "THE PURPLE RIDERS"And a Comedy"PROMISE) ME"The story of a young girl who set outfto avenge her' father s death and how shedid it.-- - 4LZ. t -'.r - r .AlsoMonday, April 1 1Florence Billings"The Heartof a Gypsy"A story of Gypsy Jife a story of loveand adventure an'd-intrigue.ALSOHANK -$SA;lcm NINCThe Plumber:'Century Comedy'Tee Time"And Pathe (News11 . Adults 27c plus 3c war tax.iamiSSlOU. Children and GChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax..30c.20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and Eveningf DEATHS. t. . . . a.WINN.James McClure, Sr., of Paris, received a telegram from New YorkCity stating that Stanley Winn,youngest son of Maj. John Winn, haddied suddenly in that city. YoungWinn. had" been attending school inPennsylvania. Maj. John Winn, theyoung man's father, is a brother ofMrs. James McClure, Sr., and Mrs. D.C. Lisle, of Paris.The body .was interred at WestPoint Academy, with high militaryhonor's. Cadet Winn's father, CoKJohn Winn, who is stationed at FortRiley, Kansas, was a graduate ofWest Point and waS for severalyears a military instructor there.1?4I-.r-i-. church. His suDjeci, .t9wny Alllttr.OWW"b i ' .. - vninocq-goodness Ulk to onea" d fman. -Services every mgM excentMonday. 4tEverybody Going.AGEinBvwiarrEP :.. .: Tatlrins PrO-Sell tne s"" ""-;. c-A-eg.lurpdfcines. ixi.i-v-. r-.--rj- r ffp.ntieman.SSB. -ff j?- asvacant cities. " " wlParticulars and saihple free.t"dT"THE J- WATKINS CO.63 Menlphis, TennOFFUTT THOMPSONForrest B. Thompson, of Lbs Angeles, Cali., and Miss Mary StuartOffutt, of Cynthiana, were marriedin this city Wednesday morning atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor oi me jti-&ovotion nhiirnh. Thev left atterthe ceremony for Louisville, wherethey will visit friends, and fromthere -to their home in Los Angeles.BRANNON CAN ANMiss Bernadette Brannon, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Brannon,of Lexington, formerly of Paris, andMr. Ja.mes Cahan,' of Georgetown,were married at o u tw- .w jmorning at St. Peter's Catholicchurch, in Lexington, the Rev. Father William T. Punch officiating.Miss Mary Brannon, sister of thebride was bridesmaid, and Mr.Canan's best man was his brother,Mr. Jack Canan, of Georgetown. The"bride and her sister wore suits ofdark blue tricotine, and their flow-. - ! r.r, nnA 1ll?PR-ff theers werfe piuis. iuca -wvalley. ,After, the wedding 'there was aKooirfnct at the home of Mr. andMrs. Brannon, about thirty-five relatives and friends being guests. Thedecorations were in pink and whitecarnations,, and the large white wedding cake was' the centerpiece forthe table.Afterward Mr. and Mrs. Cananleft for a bridal trip 10 rmuaiuother points. They will make theirhome in Lexington.Among those attending the wedding were the following from Paris:Mr. and Mrs. John F. McCarthy,Misses Elizabeth Gregory, NoraRourke, Nellie Rourke, ElizabethToohey, Mr. James O'Connell.STEWARTJames T. Stewart,' aged seventythree, a former resident of Paris,died at the Eastern Kentucky; Hospital for 'theTneaiie, at Lexington,Tuesday night, after a long illness,due to physical infirmities.Mr. Stewart is survived by threadaughters, Mrs. Sallie Southward,Lexington; Mrs. A. Parker, Carlisle;Mrs. Ida Taylor, Frankfort, Mo., andfour sons, A. Stewart, in the U. 3.Army service, W. T. Stewart, CharlesStewart and Richard Stewart, all ofParis.The body was brought to the homeof his son, W. T. Stewart, in th3city. The funeral was held at threeo'clock yesterday afternoon, with! services conducted by Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor of the Baptist church. Tneinterment took place in the ParisCemetery. 'SADDLE HORSE MEN TO flEETTO-DAY.Hon. Claude M. Thomae, of Pari3,president of the American SaddleHorse Breeders' Association, left lastnight for Louisville, to attend thameeting of stockholders of the Association, which is for the purpose ofadding some new and active breeders to the list of members..The stockholders' meeting will beheld in the Hotel Henry Wattersonat 11:30 o'clock this morning, andwill be attended by members from, ailparts of the country. Mr. Thomaswill he one of the principal speakersat the meeting.Election of officers will be one jfthe principal items of business coming before the meeting, which willprobably consume the remainder ofthe day. The stockholders will beasked to name "conditions for theKentucky State Fair stake for foalsof 1921, 'and the Futurity stake forfoals of 1922. Riding schools willbe urged by the stockholders forevery live city in the State.The demand for finished s saddlehorses is said to be greater than ever.Dealers realizing the serious shortage in finished saddle horses -ariurging farmers to breed every goodjmare they own to some high-classsaddle sire, as a means for increasing the number of fine saddle horses.--o-JUHY DISAGREES.In the Bourbon Quarterly Court,Judge George Batterton presiding,the case of Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland against Henry Mitchell, wastried before a jury of six citizens.Mitchell is a tenant on the farm ofMrs. Highland, near Paris. An effort --was made by the plaintiff toeject him from the . premised byforcable detainer proceedings. Thejury failed to reach a verdict, andwas discharged.oItalian agriculturists and businessmen have formed an organization toproduce cotton in Southern Italy andI Sicily.HORSES RUN AWAY.Wednesday afternoon a team ofhorses attcahed to Martin Bros.'transfer wagon took fright at something near the corner of Twelfth andMain streets, and ran off. The horsesplunged down Main street, thewagon trailing behind' in a recklessmanner. The frightened team triedto turn into Eighth street, at thecorner of Main, but skidded into thecorner of Lavin & Connell's plateglass window. The horses werethrown to the ground by' the forceof the impact, but were not injuredThe wagon remained upright. Thestreets were crowded with vehiclesat the time, but the horses madeiheir rapid flight without strikingany" of them.oA novel table for workshops can beturned and locked in 32 different positions to save the labor of movingobjects on which work is being done.oThe Order of the Thistle datesfrom. 1687;- it is limited to t Kingof England and 16 knots.rMOOREducts!timeWriteM . -vit.tAlv twenty-four millionr.w . ;sWilliam L. Moore, formerly aresident of the North Middletown vicinity, died at his home in Orange,Va after a short illness- of hearttrouble. The news was receivedhere in a telegrapn to his niece, MissSena Rion.Mr. Moore was a son of the lateRev. James Mcrore, of North Middletown. He is survived by his widow,formerly Miss Lizzie Terrill, of Orange, Va. ; four sisters, Mrs. J. J. LSalmon and Mrs. Thomas Hall, ofWinchester; Mrs. Andrew Payne andMrs. Tollie Talbott, of Lexington;three brothers, Rev. C. A. Brown, ofBrownwood, Texas, Rev. S. B'Mooro,of Holden, Mo., and Rev. A. R.Moore, of Atlanta, Gar Mrs. WilliamRion and Prof. George Moore, sisterand brother of Mr. Moore1, died inParis several years ago. His brother-in-law,William Rion, Sr., died suddenly at his home in this city severaldays ago.The funeral was held at the family home in Orange, Va., Tuesday,'followed by burial on the family lotin the Orange Cemetery"oEIGHTH STREET COTTAGE DESi TROYED BY HRESpring FootwearAt New Low Prices!- imSSThe sterling values offered at this store are in evidence. Satisfied shoppersarevsupplying their Spring Footwear needs here with full knowledge that thisstore offers them better shoes for less money. xCome to-day without fail. See the new Spring styles. Examine the quality and you will greatly appreciate the great saving in price.THIS WEEKS SPECIALS ARE NOW ON SALELadies' smart Spring Tan Strap Slippers andLace Oxfords, English styles, $6.00 values.New priceS3.99Ladies' correct Spring Styles Kid StrapSuppers j. Brown Kid Straps and Lace Oxfords, 17.50 vales. New priceS4.9Sackols, uUcand private,J-VICTOR BRADLEY ANNOUNCESVOX, tE-I3-ECTI,0y-Victor A. 'Bradley, or Georgetown,has announced nis candidacy for Reelection as Commonwealth's Attorneyfor the. Fourteenth Judical District,composed of Bourbon, .Franklin,Scott and Woodford counties.Mr. Bradley wasappointed,Com-(monwealth's Attorney of this districtwhen Robert Franklin resigned theposition several years ago, to take upthe practice of law with Robert C.Talbott, of Paris. He has ; made amost enviable record, in . tne omccand no matter who comes out againsthim, will prove a morst formidablecontender for re-election. "" xA small frame cottage on Eighthstreet, occupied by Maria Porter, colored, was destroyed by fire at ahearly hour Wednesday morning. Analarm from Box 24, at three o'clockWednesday morning brought the department to the i scene. The blazeoriginated from a defective flue iithe kitchen and hadbeen. smouldering for several Hours before disepvered. TThe fire did $500 damage tothe house, and a loss of about $200to the household effects of the occupants with no insurance. The -firedepartment rendered excellent service in protecting surrounding property. - ,Rre, WM uMTUgkbiais hrar-THOMAS; WOODFORD WYAMLadies, See These Beautiful Spring Oxfords in BlackSuede Straps, Brown Kid Oxfords and Straps. AWonderful Offering at $5.95'. -Ladies' $6.00 English Lace Boots. Special$3.49Children's $2.00 Shoes. SpecialS1.49New Spring Shoes, Tan and Black Vici Kid,$7.50 values. Special$4.95Misses' $4.90 Tan English Lace Oxfords andShoesSpecial $2,991Misses' and Children's Slippers and Shoes.Special 3.4eBo'"and Youths.oo English Shoes, "allsizes lto 6. "Special $2.49Men's $6.(W Tn and Gun.Metal Shoes.Special $3.9&Men's $3.50 Tan and Black Work Shoes,while the supply lasts, at $1.99nsizes,k - nDANParis' Greatest Shoe Store-t.COHENWhere Beauty mi Eco.m)sRcifA -5LmmtUfTTft4 taM.r j- - jj y rTAl'v-',&.-1..v.ft