THEBOURBONNEWS&- jPUBLISHED. EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1921SUIT FILED AGAINST FORMERBOURBON COHCERHIn the Circuit Court at Lexington,Tuesday, Hord W. Mann, of Paris,as receiver for D. M. Plummer andE. H. Plummer, of Paris, filed suitagainst C. L. Bell and Richard Vander Veer, receivers for the MutualOil lb Refining Company.Plaintiff claims a judgment for$2F6.11, with interest and for $10.50costs, which he says was given himagainst defendant Bell, is unsatisfied.A general order of attachment issought against Bell's property andthat he'be required to answer in opencourt as to what property he ownsand what accounts are owing to himby his co-defendant, Van Der Veer,receiver of the Mutual Oil & RefiningCompany. It also is asked that thereceiver be required to file an answersetting up what money, if any, heowes Bell and for an order directinghim to pay plaintiff enough moneyto satisfy his judgment and costs inthe former action. Carrick & Keenon,attorneys for plaintiff.HSHING CLUB DIRECTORS CONKER WITH ENGINEERThe directors of the FishingClub met yesterday with M. J. D.Wilson, the hydraulic engineer fromIiouisville, and went over the proposition of the proposed lake. He assured them that the ground willhold water, and they closed the contract with him for a topographicmap, work to begin at once. Theyhave also received a request fromBickel & Company, the contractors1;who are to build the streets and whoare experienced in grading and excavating, to be allowed to bid on thework. Everything is progressing favorably, and the directors have called for a payment of 50 per cent, ofthe membership fee in order to carryon this work.VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.oBEST BRANDS OF TEA FOR ICEDTEA. "We sell the celebrated Ferndelland Chase and Sanborn brands of Teafor the making of iced-tea. Youcan't beat the quality.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDIn the County Court, Tuesday,County Judge George Batterton entered an order appointing "WalterMoaning, Jr., as administrator of theestate of Warren Moaning, Sr., withFrank Skillman as surety, the bondbeing fixed at $5,000. Mr. Moaningaccepted the trust and qualified." - i: oNEW AUTO SALES.Dewey Custer is the proud ownerof a handsome new Buick roadster,purchased yesterday of the C. S. Ball'Garage, local representatives.mint miiiniiiiiiiiiinmnFRANK&CO. i!LADIES' OUTFITTERStSPECIAL SALBiChildren'sGinghamDresses41 i x$1.00BACH"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSM Ht 1BOURBON KAN CANDIDATE INFAYETTE COUNTYThe candidacy of Frank L. McCarthy, of Ijexington, for County Attorney, of Fayette,' has a decided inter-,est to the people of Paris, from thefact that Mr. McCarthy is a nativeof this city.The son of the late P. I. McCarthy,for years Cashier of the Deposit Bank,and one of the best-known businessmen in Paris, Mr. McCarthy inherited from his father a mind fullycapable of tackling big problems,whether of a financial or legal nature. He received his early education in the Paris schools, ably supplemented by the private tutoringgiven by his father, whose mastermind carefully tended every avenueof learning for his son. Afterwardsuccessfully passing the high educational standards at Transylvania College he attended Yale Universitywhere his native genius soon asserted itself in rapid advancement in allbranches of collegiate work until hereached the pinnacle, graduatingwith high honors. He served hiscountry during the years of thegreat world-war, and there, as inother lines of human endeavor, hewas in the forefront. Returning toLexington, he began the practice oflaw, in which he has attained a highmark of success. Mr. McCarthy is anorator of the natural unaffected typeeloquent, persuasive, convincing, andwith a thorough knowledge of whatis before him in every problem he;undertakes to solve.He has a large circle of devotedfriends in Paris, who are heart andsoul with him in his candidacy, onlyregretting they 'cannot aid him withtheir votes. If. wishing and hopingwill get the nomination for Mr. McCarthy, there's a string of them aslong as the moral law available inParis. Here's hoping!FRESH FISH FOR TO-DAY.Nice fresh fish received to-dayand to-morrow. Remember wedress fish free aid deliver thempromptlyMARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.oSEEK PARDON FOR AGED EDUCATOR A petition to Governor Morrowasking the pardon of Prof. T. B.Threlkeld, of Nicholasville, who wassentenced to life imprisonment lastWednesday in the Jessamine CircuitCourt, for the murder of Arthur Denmon, was circulated in Georgetownby friends of the aged educator. Thepetition was signed by manyjpersons,some of whom were former studentsat the school taught by ProfessorThrelkeld. Porfessor Threlkeld wasgraduated from Georgetown Collegein 1868 and is one of the oldestmembers of the alumni of the college.His son, Logan Threlkeld, is also agraduate of Georgetown College.it- f1 1 1.1 1 1PLAYGROUNDS FOR PARIS TO BEDEVELOPEDThe Paris Community ServiceBoard, at their meeting: Tuesdaynight, decided to begin the immediate development of parks and playgrounds, and other recreational features for all the people of Paris. Itis proposed to open as soon as possible four playground sites in different parts of the city, so as to reachthe greatest number of children. Directors for these will be chosen outof the classes which Miss Fishbackhas been conducting. Work will begin at once in getting these sites ,inshape for use. In addition to theplaygrounds, it is planned to developsome park sites which can be used,as a recreation place for adults, aswell as children. The committee "incharge of this work propose to getthe city rock quarry in shape foii afine athletic field within the next sixmonths or year. This will make dneof the most valuable assets to thecity because of its proximity to theCity School.A committee was chosen to havecharge of carrying these plans out asrapidly as possible. Dr. M. H. Dailey,A. B. Hancock, Miss Lucy B. Simms,CatesbyJW. Spears, Judge Denis Dundon, E. H. Gorey are the members ofthis committee. To further the aboveplans a meeting will be held in theCounty Court room at the court housenext Monday night, at 7:30 p. m.Since this plan is meant to give tothe children and youth of Paris achance to play and enjoy more of life,everyone will be interested in attending the meeting Monday night.Come out and you can have a sharein making Paris a better place for allof us to live in. This is our job andwe can do it.LAUNDRY-ETTE DEMONSTRATION- AT MERRINGER'SThoroughly trained experts will bewith us to-day and to-morrow ( Friday and Saturday) to conduct thisdemonstration. The demonstrationwill be so conducted, by these experts, as to give every housewifevaluable information. This demonstration is wejl worth an admissionprice, but it is free and there is noobligation on your part to buy.Can you imagine doing the entirelaundry work without putting your,hands in the steaming water or wearing yourself out over a tiresomeironing board? It is possible withthe Laun-Dry-Ette and Keystone.Don't miss this opportunity comeand see these great labor-saving devices JOHN MERRINGBR,616 Main Street.EPWORTH LEAGUE CONFERENCEAT MT. STERLINGThe Epworth League Conferenceconvened in Mt. Sterling, Tuesday,with the first session held at theMethodist church. The address ofwelcome was made by Miss MaryHelen Clark, president of the Leagueat Mt. Sterling, and was respondedto by Miss Elizabeth Clark, of Frankfort, who is secretary of the conference. The meeting was addressed byDennis V. Snapp, of Paris, Presidentof the conference, whose subjectwas "My Brother." After the services a reception was given in honorof the visiting delegates.Study classes occupied the morning. A recreational program wascarried out Tuesday afternon underthe direction of the Rev. J. E. Savage. The principal address at nightwas delivered by Dr. J. W. Johnson,pastor of the Fourth Avenue Methodist Church, Louisville.RED CROSS NURSE SUBMITS DETAILED REPORT.Miss Esther Meinzer, local RedCross nurse, has been engaged inParis for some time doing follow-upwork, giving instructions to parentsand pupils, and, in general, doing agood work among the schools, whereher efforts have met with universalapproval. A large number of schoolchildren have-had adenoids and tonsils removed, and the children havebeen carefully coached in essentialdetails of health safeguarding. MissMeinzer's report follows:Number of children in Bourboncounty schools examined, 1,609.Children with defective vision, 12per cent.Children with defective hearing,4 per cent.Children with obstructed bearing,13 per cent.Children with defective tonsils,36 per cent.Children with defective teeth, 50per cent.Children with defective gums, 3per cent.Children malnourished or ten percent, under weight, 26 per cent.Tubercular contacts or suspects,3 per cent.oINJURED BY DYNAMITEJos. Riggs, colored, is a patient inthe' colored annex to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he was takenWednesday, suffering from the effectsof injuries received by the premature explosion of a' dynamite charge.Riggs, who was in the employ ofJohn "Pete" Cain, in road construction work on the county, pikes, wasat work in the city rock quarry. Acharge of dynamite had just been setin. The fuse burning low, Riggswent to investigate. He bent overthe charge, when it exploded, the fullforce of the explosion striking Riggsin the face and chest. He was removed to the Massie Hospital. Physicians say he may lose the sight ofone eye, besides being disfigured forlite,- -. . .. ,BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTWhen Court convened Tuesdaymorning the following cases were disposed of?Commonwealth vs. Melvin Green,housebreaking, sentenced to twoyears in the Frankfort Reformatory;Commonwelath vs. Frank Speakes,Saminer. finer! 49.KAw - tw. !me case of the Commonwealth ve. jRaymond Fryman, was called about!noon. Both sides announced readv.and the work of securing a jury was"c5uu. aeven memDers can been se- jCUred WhfiTI tho rmirt ainnrn !and the case was continued untilWednesday. Fryamn and Charles'O. Martin were charged with the!malicious cutting of JL,yle Bayless, aprominent Louisville1 business man,uu cue jNortn Miaaietown pike, nearParis. RP.Veral mnnflio acrn lUTorHn !. ., ,&w. Ma.M. C.i ,naa ueeu serving a jan sentence iorhis part in the affair, which at thetime oecame one of the most sensational happenings in this section ofthe State. The trial of the case occupied the entire time of the Courtthrough Wednesday.After exhausting the regular andan extra panel of jurors in the Fryman case, Judge Stout adjournedCourt, and directed Sheriff Will G.McClintock to summon anotherpenel. These were finally secured and from their number thejury was selected to try the case.Most of the talesmen declared theyhad a fixed opinion in regard to thecase which could hardly be set aside.When the case was called fortrial Wednesday morning the bigCircuit Court room was filled with acrowd eager to hear the testimonyin this now celebrated case. Thetrial haa attracted widespread attention because of the prominence ofthe narties involved, and the manyunusual features developing throughout.A large array of witnesses gave testimony in the case. After arguments by Commonwealth's AttorneyVictor Bradley and County AttorneyD. D. Cline for the prosecution andAtorney A. B. Thomason and JohnWiliams, for the defense, the casewas given to the jury, who retiredto deliberate. After being in session about an hour the jury broughtin a verdict of guilty as charged, andfixing his punishment at confinement in the Frankfort Reformatoryfor a period of three years. Mrs.Fryman, who was present in courtwhen the verdict was read, gave wayto her emotions and was witn greatdifficulty rectrained. Fryman was removed to the county jail to remainuntil taken to Frankfort.Fryman, accompanied by CharlesMartin, was on the way to Paris inan automobile from Xalapa Farm on(the day of the attack. Bayless, accompanied by Mrs. Bayless, Mrs.June Bayless Lyons, sister of v Mr.Bavless. and Mrs. S. P. Henning, ofFleming county, cousin of Mr. Bayless, were traveling in the same mrection. It was brought out at thetrial that the Fryman car passed theBayless machine at a rapid pace,when Fryman's cap blew off. WhenFryman backed his car to rescue thecap he collided with Bayless' car,damaging the left rear fender of theBayless car and the right rear fenderof the Fryman car.The youths told Bayless that if heagreed to pay $10 for the damagedone, nothing more would be said.Bayless refused, and Martin knockedthe man down. As soon as he fell,according to witnesses, Fryman cuthim three times in the back. Martin, it was shown, threw stones atthe women until a Mr. Noel, an employe of Xalapa Farm, arrived onthe scene and took Martin and Fryman off Bayless.Bayless was taken into the homeof Walter Kenney, where medicalaid was summoned. Mr. Bayless testified that he suffered for weeks as aresult of the accident and is not yetentirely well.The cc:: of C. J. Sunny, of Covington, charged with transportingliquor from Covington to Paris, incompany with John Cain, on thenight of January 31, 1921, was called for hearing at the conclusion ofthe Fryman case. Testimony was introduced and the "evidence" produced in court. Tunny claimed he didnot know that there was any liquorin the car, nor that when he startedout, that he was coming to Paris. Hestated that he had simply acted as ataxicab driver for John Cain. Hewas fined $150, and given a sentenceof thirty days in jail. Tunny wasrepresented in the case by AttorneyBrown, of Covington. mIn the Court yesterday John Cam,of Paris, charged with transportingand having in his possession liquor inlocal option territory, and with violation of the prohibition enforcementlaw, was fined $200 and given a jailsentence of thirty days.At the opening of the Court duringthe calling of the docket, the casesof various citizens of Paris, againstthe Paris Water Company, werecalled. These cases are the outcome of actions taken by the WaterCompany in which it increased waterrates to consumers, and threatened,unless the bills were paid at a statedtime, that the water supply would becut off. Injunctions were secured bythe Paris Commercial Club preventing such action. When the casescalled Attorney E. M. Dickson, representing 'the Paris Water Company,gave notice of a general demurrer,and' a motion to dismiss the mandatory injunctions.Twelve prisoners, confined in tneParis jail for some time past, awaiting trial on various charges, rnagingfrom bootlegging to murder, werebrought into court yesterday afternoon, and'atter a statement of theircases, the Court assigned their trialsfor next Thursday.n.i.l. nf rannrtl that he WOUldIcall a spe6ial aeseion of the Franklincounty frand jury l wwhuwNOTED TRAVELER VISES PARISParis was the recipient Wednesday for a short time of an honor thatfew knew of, the presence in the cityof Jeff Davis, known the world overas "King of The Hoboes," a title bestowed on him by the Cincinnati Enquirer. Mr. Davis was here for a fewhours in the interest of the Salvation Army, with which he has beenworking for some time, and was themeans of having placed under surveillance a woman who has been operating as a member of the Salvation Army, soliciting money withoutauthority from that organization.Mr. Davis was here but a short time,and was a caller at THE NEWS office,being introduced by the master-of-ceremonies,Roxie Davis.Mr. Davis is one of the most uniquecharacters in the world to-day. Hehas addressed over two hundred Rotary Clubs and business organizations innumerable throughout theUnited States, and has been welcomedeverywhere. He was given the title,"King of The Hoboes," by reason ofhis peerless peripatetic performances. He is anything but a hobo. Hehas traveled over 800,000 miles intwenty-three years an average of103 miles every working day in thattime four times around the worldsixty times across the UnitedStates, and he admits that many dayswere not working days. He was bornin the noted Mike Mullen's ward inCincinnati, and has been there oftenenough to work on the CincinnatiEnquirer, and to acquire a wife andtwo children, the latter now sixteenand seventeen years of age.Davis claims that he never attended school, but that his children havetold him a lot about it on his quadrennial homing trips. Most of his medium of exchange has been from doing "hearth and home stories" fordaily papers. Between times he iswriting "Bradstreet's of the SubBasement," or "Who's Who In TheUnderworld." Incidentally he has'sold over $10,000,000 worth of Liberty Bonds, being second only to'.Douglass Fairbanks. Glorifying the, hobo, he appears deeply concerned inkeeping folks at home having keptsingularly free from labor, he takesi himself seriously on the labor question. But he is an artist, a poet, asinger of light song. His philosophymany not be holeproof, but the manwho does not get new power impulses from Jeff Davis, King of TheHoboes, well, he is soul proof. He isone of the most unique characters inthe United States to-day. His fervorand eloquence in the cause of theSalvation Army, and humanity generally, are only surpassed by his wit,sparkling humor, his knowledge ofthe world and his faith and love forhumanity.Himself a Catholic, he is donating his time and paying his own expenses in his efforts to assist the Salvation Army, because, as he told THENEWS man, wherever he has been, inhis four and one-half trips around! the whole world, he has found theSalvationists there beating the drumsand cymbals and doing a world ofgood to Catholics and Protestants,Jew and Gentile alike. Mr. Davispromised to make a visit to Paris inI the near future and give a talk in1 the interest of the Salvation Army,and when he does come the peopleof Paris will be treated to a genuine' surprise.I oNOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERSiI THE RULES OF PARIS WATERj COMPANY LIMITS USE OF HOSE'TO TWO HOURS PER DAY, AND; PROHIBIT USE OF WATER TORSPRINKLING BETWEEN 9 P. M.AND 5 A.M. MANY PERSONS AREUSING WATER FROM KITCHENFAUCETS FOR SPRINKLING. THISWILL BE COLLECTED FOR THESAME AS IF USED FROM A HYDRANT. THESE RULES WILL BEENFORCED.PARIS WATER CO.,)24-2t) NEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.oGENTRY BROS. CIRCUSGentry Bros. dog and pony circus,to which has been added a few animals in, the menagerie department,gave two performances on the SimmsWilson lot, on Winchester street,Wednesday afternoon and night.The performances were fairly well attended, farmers and tenants being,Dusy wnn iiieir crops, ana mecrowd in the city was somewhatsmaller than usual. The performances were satisfactory to a largeextent. "" !',.oCEMENT!"HAVE JUST UNLOADED PRESHCAH CEMENT.(2Capl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0.pardon of Frank Blair, convictedhold-up man, was made Wednesdayby Circuit Judge R. L. Stout."I have no immediate intention ofcal'ing a special session," he said."The matter has not been broughtto my attention officially. The nextregular grand jury will meet in September, and I see no necessity of calling a special session."When the case of Melvin Green,colored, was called for trial, the defendant entered a plea of guilty tohousebreaking in entering the general merchandising store of Mr.Wm. Mitchell, in Centerville, and ofjail breaking. Upon motion of Commonwealth's Attorney Bradley he wasgiven a sentence of two years in theFrankfort Reformatory.The nawl jury adjourned yesterday after returning a number of in-1uiciiueuis iur vanuua uucuaca.CANDIDATES WEST HLE XXPEMSE A0Q0CTT1mSnSer e rOTisona of the Corsession of the Kentucky Legialatwefl?l out in forrany pubUc offlce- mfcXK- properI5r an file a statementsiirl i.CamiaigI1 eInse, prior tosuch primary election. This statement must be filled out by each candidate and filed fifteen days beforethe primary election at which he is a.candidate, and must contain a fulland complete record of his expensesincurred in the campaign for officewhich he seeks.THE NEWS has a supply of theseoianks on hand, just received, beinrthe only place in Paris where theycan be obtained. Call and get yoursand don't wait until too late, or untill a few days before the time limitexpires. sThat portion of the "Corrupt Practice Act" relating to campaign expenditures says:"Any person who shall be a candidate before any caucus or conventionor at any primary election, or anyfinal election fn -mr C.. -jJ;county, town, municipal or dietrictoffice, shall on the fifteenth day before the date for. making suck nomination, file with the officer with;whom his nomination papers must befiled in case of a primary nd witkthe chairman of the Board authorized to issue the certificate of electionafter a final election, or with theSecretary of State when nominationis made by caucus or convention foroffices of the State-at-large, or fordistricts larger than one county,AND WITH THE COUNTY CURCin all other cases, a statement iawriting, which statement shall besubscribed and sworn to by such candidate and which shall set forth indetail all sums of money, or otherthiner of value, rnnt-pihntori ioKitM." ' . fcJl,h(.. K.LVed or promised by him, and to thebest of his knowledge and belief,, byany person in his behalf, wholly orin part, endeavoring to secure hisnomination or election to such officeor place; and also sums of moneycontributed, expended, disbursed oppromised by him in support, and inconnection with the nomination orelection of any other person at sucheleOtinTl- nrimnr rT unmlnoHnw Ann.vention, and showing the dates when, 'me person to wnom, and tne purpose,of which, all sums were paid, expended or promised. Said statementshall set forth in detail each item ofcontribution or expenditure, and heshall before some officer qualified toadminister oaths subscribe and Siftwith said statement his oath tosame.,. . $ AJJQLLARDAY $ $SATURDAY, JUNE- 25, SPECIAIIDOLLAR DAY. WATCH NEXT PAPER EOR SPECIALS.PARIS BASING CO,I. L. GLASS, X amager.We Know HowThe Latest ShowingOFSTRAW HATSLIGHT-WEIGHT1Silk SocksLadies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel TrousersAllf the aboYe arequality goods of standard makes.If you want the bestsummer foods at theright prices, see us.See Window Display!"We Know How"MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREStttswt Spring HatsUliNtttlttM SfceatSILKITUNDERWEARIfAFACE TWOTOT BOURBON NEWS, FARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE 24, U2V--5oW onyby dealersr-Lyal hI'Agive tire mileageat the lowest costin history30x31$15 00NON-SKIDReduction In all styles and sizesA New Low Price on aKnown and Honest ProducttBE. CK06SHEID TAKES TO HEWDUTIESDr. R. H. Crossfield, for more thannine years the president of Transylvania College of the Bible, has goneto New York to take up his newwork as secretary of the Council ofthe Federation of the Churches t.fChrist. Miss family will join himearly in August.Doctor Crossneld's administrationat Transylvania College, t from whichhe received his first degree is marked by notable achievements in thecollege's growth, including additional financial resources, .the building of Ewing Hall, Lyons' Hall,Lyons' Annex, the reconstruction ofMorrison Chapel, the installation ofa central heating and lighting plant,and the addition of an unusuallygood athletic field.In State and National activitiesas well as in civil movements he hasbeen a recognized leader, prominently identified with the Y. M. C. A.,various war drives and the RotaryClub, and one of the most brilliantspeakers in Kentucky.ASPIRIN 'Name "Bayer" on Genuine,An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF THEFOLLOWING STREETS IN THECITY OF PARIS, TO-WIT:TENTH STREET FROM EASTnMARGIN OF MAIN TO WESTMARGIN OF PLEASANTSTREET, AND MAIN STREETFROM BANK ROW TO THEBRIDGE OVER STONER CREEKWITH VITRIFIED BRICK, ASMALT, BITULITHIC WOOD3LOCKS, ROCK ASPHALT AND' CONCRETE PAVING OR OTHER !TYPE OF .PAVED STREETS,AND BY THE CONSTRUCTION j'OF CURBS AND GUTTERS ONBOTH SIDES THEREOF EXCEPT WHERE THE SAME IS-ALREADY CONSTRUCTED INvCONFORMITY WITH ITS SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE PROPOSED WORK, AND PROVIDING FOR THE PAYMENT OFTHE COST THEREOF.OLDEST WEEKLY PAPER MISSESFIRST ISSUE.For the first time in its 165 yearsthe New Hampshire Gazette whichboasts of being the oldest weekly inthe United States, did not appearSaturday. The compositors' strikethat began in local plants last Monday, was assigned as the reason.Eight-page editions of The Heraldand The Times, this city's afternoon paper, was published.The Gazette was first issued onOctober 1, 1758.BE IT ORDAINED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris inregular meeting assembled in theCity Hall in Paris, Ky., on Thursdaynight, May 26th, 1921, that pursuantto the resolution heretofore adoptedby the Board of Council on May 22,1919, at to Tenth Street, and theresolution of February 26th, 1920,as to Main Street, and both ofwhich resolutions were publisheds required by law, the following described streets and parts of streetsin the City of Paris be improved by;the original construction of the roadVays thereof with virtrified brick,asphalt, bitulithic, wood blocks, rockasphalt, concrete paving or othertype of paved streets, and by theconstruction ofcurbs and gutters onboth sides thereof except where thesame is already constructed in conformity with the plans and specifications for the proposed work, towit: Tenth -Street from East margin of Main Street to Westmarginof Pleasant Street and Main Streetfrom Bank Row to the bridge overStoner Creek.2. That said improvements shallbe - made according to plans andspecifications heretofore adopted bythe Board of Council of the City ofParis.3. That the cost of improving saidroad ways shall be paid as follows,to-wit: one-third of the total costthereof including the cost of the improvement of the intersection withother public ways including one-halfof the width of the street being im-yroved opposite other streets or alleys which run into but do not crossvAe street or alley so being improv-- ad, and all of that portion of anystreet abutting upon property be-lourine tn the C.itre. -and all fho nnefof all improvements where the abut-1"s vnuci a yuuuv scuuoi, cemetery, county, State or United States.shall be naid bv the Citv nf Psn'cset-of the general fund; and the re-jMtming two-tmras of said cost andthe cost of all curbing and gutteringshall be made as the exclusive costof the owners of real estate abuttingon such improvements, to be apportioned among and assessed uponthe lots or parcels of real estateabutting feet, and a tax shall belevied upon such lots or parcels ofreal estate for the payment of thecosts assessed thereon, which taxshall be due and payable at the CityTreasurer's office upon the completion of the work and acceptancethereof by the Board of Councilprovided, however, that the portionassessed against the abutting property may be paid on the ten yearpayment plan as provided by law.4. Any such tax which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes due and payable, unless the property owners shall haveexercised their option to pay forsame on the ten year payment plan,as above provided shall have addedthereo a penalty of ten per centumof the amount of the tax, and thereshall be a lien upon such lot or parcel of real estate for the part of thecost of said improvement so assessedthereon, and the same shall bearinterest at the rate of six per centumper annum from the time of theassessment until paid.5. This ordinance shall fiave tworeadings before the Board of Council, and ten days shall intervene between the first and second readings.Upon the final adoption of this ordinance the improvement committeeis directed to advertise for bids fortwo consecutive weeks in the Bourbon News and Kentuckian-Citizen,newspapers published in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, being the officialpublications of the City of Paris forthe construction of said streets, outof each of the materials as hereinprovided.Bids for said work shall be received in open council on the 14thday of July 1921, at 8:00 o'clock p.m. and said work shall be let to thelowest and best bidder.6. All bids shall be in writing andunder seal upon blanks furnished bythe City Engineer, and addressed toJ. W. Hayden, Clerk of the City ofParis. Each bidder must accompanyhis bid with a certified check payable to C. K. Thomas. City Treasurer,for an amount equal to 10 per centof the amount of his bid, or by bidder's bond in the sum of Two Thousand Dollars, conditioned that suchbidder, if awarded the contract, willenter into a written contract andexecute a good and sufficient bondconditioned for the faithful performance of said contract, within fifteendays after the award is made. Ifthe successful bidder shall fail toenter into said contract and executesuch bond within said fifteen ,days,the City of Paris will retail theamount of said certified check asliquidated damages for such failure,if any. The checks of the unsuccessful bidders will be returned immediately after the letting..7. This ordinance shall becomeeffective and .be in full force fromanr after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY.For Salei One-ton Truck; bargain; price(225.00.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(6may-tf)f IK WWarning! Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tablets youare not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for twenty-oneyears and proved safe by millions.Take no chances with substituted.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of SalicylicacH.(adv)OLD LEAKY ROOFSCn be saved nd made leakproof withSUPERLASTICROOF COATINGManufacturers Direct to Coiuumer,Brushes Free.INTERNATIONAL COATINGS CO.49 S. ScBl St. LoulrriDe, Ky.(CiiVExecutrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Henry C. Smith, dee'd,are hereby notified to present same,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Executrix, foradjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate, of the saidHenry C. Smjth, dee'd, are herebynotified to make full and satisfactorysettlement of such indebtedness tothe undersigned Executrix.TABITHA C. WILLIAMS,Executrix Henry C. Smith.No., 214 Fourteenth St., Paris, Ky.(17-3wks)NOTICESince having b,een able to obtain afirst-class watchmaker, silversmithand engraver, Mr. O. H. Burgschlnder, of Mansfield, Ohio, I will open afirst class, up to date repair department in the rear of my optical office,which will be ready for business onJune 27.O. F. FRYE,Registered Optometrist,(21-4t) Pans, Ky.First Class CoalWe carry a supply of first-classcoal at all times.We will deliver by truck to anypart of the country at very reasonable prices.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(F-tf)GOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed! Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50Heating Stove Coal $5.50(lljune-4t)Mayor.W.J.H0WARDMiierand Shipper of CoilCist ttrmtstft and Parts, Ky.1 v ' Hsms Paw 1C3WantedTo buy used furniture. Highestprice paid for furniture or anythingof value. Gall Cumb. Phone 660.BOURBON FURNITURE CO.,210 Main Street7june-tf)HaulingI am prepared to do local andlong distance hauling with a one andone-half ton Ford truck. CallF. L. McCLANAHAN,(17-tf) Cumb. Phone 1096,ijti- o"It is too late pleasecancel the order I havemade other arrangements"Mipr .- ' -"rvnra'jBjfSgk! i $j$ cancel the order I have 'jmjnnWfraSpaEffi Jfia . made other arrangements' -Ka lySffi'w&MSfi mm If riT iF3teJi I;jiKnvrli-:'-ajH ! -tffHffmfl HnlQiPll'(111 wlm JaaafSSSsBBgWT iigaWBcS!SMTlBm9gSAt5mrzi4w H w 7.11 I H1 ThrMUrrtof cat-1 fcardndttl discslmbd44 inpar rmfcbr atbuilt intorfryLPunetara-proot tir.ILTXRXTS th btst potstbk argaoMot is favor- ofAX Let Puncture-proof poaumatict, for tha an,who makaa dalhraria by motor track. jLeaving aaida all qoaatJon ft tira-raoawal tad tka--charigingexpense, the losa of wntnaaa involved In toretrouble if too big a debit hem to be disregarded.Lee Puncture-proof tirea make lor efficiency andsafety of both labor and equipment.By eliminating puncture-fear they Increase drivine:confidence. You oan put on Lee Poncture-proefs andforget your tirea.Lee Puncture-proof tires are esetntiel to everybusiness, commercial, and owner-driven car.Investigate them for your special servicsv.BIG 4 MOTOR COMPANYCumb. Phone 891 EIGHTH AND HIGH STS., PARIS. KY. Home Pho&e 294t.SETIWisffijLf (ffpljfl)bnUmofSatifxaoBUICKEnhkmafSatomMmGQ,i -yPresent lines of new Buick six-cylindermodels will be carried thruv the 1922season.Beginning June 1st the new series andprices will be as follows, f . o. b. factories,Flint, Michigan. ,- -i, k 'M?Old Pnce$ModelModelModelModelModelModelModel22-44 Three Passenger Roadster, $179522-45 Five Passenger Touring, - $J,79522-46 Three Passenger Coupe, - $258522-47 Five Passenger Sedan, - - $289522-48 Four Passenger Coupe, - $298522-49 Seven Passenger Touring, $206522-50 Seven Passenger Sedan, - $3295New Prim$1495$1525$2135$2435$2325$1735$2635i ;4BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.Pioneer Builders of Vahre-in-Head Motor CarsBranches in mil Principal CitieDlrs ExryuJun&1 :C. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets.WHEN PETTEK AUTOMOBILES ARE BUHX BUICK UlILlUILDTHEMi.":frv'.'-i - -s.r-H'r.-,'FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1921THE BOURDON NEWS, PAWS, QNTUCKTPACIHOW WOMEN AVOIDSURGICAL OPERATIONSSome Are Extremely Necessary, Others May Not BeEvery Woman Should Give Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound a Trial FirstChicago, 111. "I was inbedwitha female trouble andinflammation and had fonrdoctors but none of them didme any-good. They all said Iwould have to have an operation. A druggist's wife toldme to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand I took 22 bottles, nevermissing a dose and at the endof that time I was perfectlywell. I have never had occasion to take it again as Ihave been so well. I have asix room flat and do all mywork. Mytwo sisters aretaking the Compound uponmy recommendation andyoumay publish my letter. It isthe gospel truth and I willwrite to any one who wantsapersonal letter." Mrs. E.H. Haydock, 6824 St Lawrence Ave., Chicago, 111.A Vermont Tvomanadds her testimony tothe long1 line of thosefortunate women whohave been restored tohealth hy !Lydia E.Compound, after it had been decided an operation was necessary:f Burlington, Vt. "I suffered with female trouble, and had a number ofdoctors who said that I would never be any better until I had an operation.I was so bad I could hardly walk across the floor and could not do a thing!My sister-in-law induced me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand it certainly has helped me wonderfully. I keep house and do my workand have a small child. I have recommended Vegetable Compound to a number of my friends and you may publish my testimonial. " Mrs. H. R. SHARON.Apple Tree Point Farm, Burlington, Vt.In hospitals are many women who are there for surgical operations, and thereis nothing a woman dreads more than the thought of an operation, and thelong-weary months of recovery and restoration to strength if it is successful.It is very true that female troubles may through neglect reach a stagewhere an operation is the only resource, but most of the commoner ailmentsof women are not the surgical ones ; they are not caused by serious displacements, tumors or growths, although the symptoms may appear the same.When disturbing ailments first appear take Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound to relieve the present distress and prevent more serious troubles.Jnfact, many letters have been received from women who have been restoredto health by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound after operations havebeen advised by attending physicians.1 liydiaE. Pinkham's Private Text-Book upon "Ailments Peculiar to Women" will be sent to you free upon request. Writeto The !Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Massachusetts.This book contains valuable information.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.tlllll ltll HHIt HH! S. P. MOHNEYChiropractorJ FIFTH YEAR IN PARISRedpathChautauqua7 Big Daysftr Attractions ?' including "jtrnmem Ctmtiy Prima"The Man fromHome"New Yocfc Cartfien Greet Playersit ttibjiwrV Gnat Cmttiy ,"AsYxmlikelt"' Katharine RidgewayInUrpretrntivc RecitalRalph BinghamFtm-Msker ExtrsordinaryMercer ConcertCompanyNational MaleQuartetOceanic ConcertCompanyChapel Singerstiifsr'on may10 TiMAN 0' WAR WILL NOT RACE.The persisent reports that have recently been -in circulation to theeffect that Samuel D. Riddle was seriously considering returning Mano' War to racing were emphaticallydenied by Mr. Riddle at his' home inGlen Riddle, Pa. Mr. Riddle madethe unqualified statement that Mano War would not be returned to therunning track, but 'would be kept onthe stud farm at Lexington."There is no foundation for the report that I intend to permit Man o'war to race again," said Mr. Riddle.I have repeatedly told those !whohave questioned me on the subject'that Man o' War would not be returned to the turf. I cannot understand why reports to the contraryare being circulated."The next limeyou buy calomelask forf LI alotafosThe purified and refinedcalomel 2?bles'that arenauealess;ae and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and - improved. "'Sgidonly in sealed packages,Price 35c. ' 'mmGrain fee bulMs only part ofthe oh (ck,rhihme Scrawny,stckly.baeMeethereo' poultry burSIMCO OATMEAL JMJTTEfVMILK CHICK MASH suppllts nourishment not found in grain, such asbuttermilk, sweet wholesome 'meet,pulverise peanut kernels an a largevariety of ether tngrea' lent, all for a purpose in making plump, full-fcreastea', full-featheretf, strong, healthy poultry, in condition to ward off fatal diseases. It costsJess to use Simee. You raise mono and bet-tor chicks. Save a month hi vewping. tIF YOUR NCAMCST DCAUff 0 NOTHAVE SIMCO. refueea obeetKwtt and write us'and wewiM supply yow freight paid & your station.Address THE SIMMONS MILLING CO.,Simee SMg.,1 toH W. Water St, OneJnnetJ.O.Miss Margaret' Crouch is visitingfriends and relatives in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. A. C. Burnett is visiting hersister, Mrs. Margaret Jones, in Midway. Mrs. Clark Barnett is visitingher sister, Mrs. Frank Snyder, andI Mr. and Mrs. John Spratt, cfCovington, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.Jos. James, on Parrish Avenue.H. C. Ogle, Sr., left Tuesday fora several weeks' visit to relatives inNicholas and Robertson counties.Mr. and Mrs. Bunt Buchanan,have as guests at their home nearPeris, Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Buchananand children, of Hamden, Ohio.Miss Helen Woodhead, of Cynthiana, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Harry O. James, on Pleasant street..George Williams Clay has returned from a six-weeks' stay at theMayo Bros.' Hospital, in Rochester,Minn.Miss Sadie Parrish has returnedto her home in Winchester, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Sam Crawford,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Weathersand babe, of Covington, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Tom Weathers, nearClintonville.--George- T. Collins has returnedto Hamilton, Ohio, after a visit toParis and Bourbon county friendsand relatives.Mrs. Wils Wilder, who has beenvery ill for several weeks, was removed Tuesday to the Massie Memorial Hospital.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, of Paris, isspending the week-end in Lexington,as guest of her parents, Dr. and Mrs.I. J. Spencer.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Turner andMr. and Mrs. Harry O. James havereturned from a short stay at Olympian Springs.Mrs. W. C. Potts and daughter,Miss Carolyn Potts; cave returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friendsin Mt. Sterling.Miss Julia Edwards has returned to her home on South Main street,after an extended visit to relativesand friends in Richmond.F. S. Elder has returned fromLake Village, Ark., where he wentto attend the funeral and burial ofhis mother, Mrs. M. A. Elder.Mrs. John J. Rowan and son,John Rowan, Jr., of Taylor, Texas,are guests in Lexington of Mr. andMrs. Thos. P. Brannon, formerly ofParis.Misses Williebelle Judy, Christine Weinfurther and Bess Perkins,of Ashland, are guests of Miss NellieMitchell, at her home on Pleasantstreet.Miss Jessie Mae Fee, who recently underwent a surgical operation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, ismaking steady pfogress toward recovery. Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Dicksonhave returned from their weddingtour and are temporarily at the homeof Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson, inNorth Middletown.Miss Virginia Wetherall entertained yesterady afternon at hercountry home near Paris; in honorof Mrs. J. Withers Davis, one of theseason's loveliest brides.Miss Anita Overby, accompaniedby her grandparents Mr. and Mrs. M.B. Bradley, of Mt. Olivet, left Tuesday for a visit of several weeks torelatives in St. Louis and KansasCity, Mo.Mr. and Mrs. Dan W. Peed, Jr.,have returned from their honeymoon trips and are for the presentdomiciled at the home of the groom'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Dan W. Peed,Sr., on Southi'Main street.Miss Virginia Dundon has joined a camping party in camp nearCleveland, Ohio; who will remainihere about six weeks. Miss Dundonjoined a party of classmates fromOxford University, at Oxford, Ohio,where she was a student the pastterm.The June dance given at the NewIndependent Tobacco Warehouse,Tuesday night, under the auspices ofJames McClintock, Vail Baldwin andHarry Jones, was one of the largestattended and- mostdelightful socialJunctions oTthe season. Thirty bigelectric fans cooled the air, whileWright's Saxophone Orchestra discoursed real dancing music for thedancers. There was a large attendance from surrounding towns.(Other Personals on Page 5)5SgBgpKaTllVstrikeJPELL FRQM ROOFBurnisse Brockman, of Georgetown, member of the firm of Brockman & Brockman, contractors, sustained painful -injuries to his rightleg, when he fell from the roof atthe home "of Mrs. James Stevens, onSouth Main street. In falling, he.struck his leg on a piece of tin,which cut a large gash. He wastaken to the office of a local physician 'where he' received medical, attention, -and was later removed to 'hishome in Georgetown.oRECKLESS DRIVER PINEDCigaretteTo seal in thedelicious Burleytobacco flavor.t's ToastedTHE STANFORD POSTMISTRESSLEARNING TO SHOOTWhen Miss Emma H. Hays, postmistress at Stanford, received a revolver from Uncle Sam she did notquite know what to do with it.However, since it was a governmentorder that postal employes be armed,Misg Hays is learning to shoot."I cannot say whether I will makean expert shooter," said Mi$s Hays,"but I certainly can make noise withit."Miss Hays is one of the few women postal employes in Kentuckywho will be armed. . She has beenpostmistress since April, 1920.Come and Let Us Order You aFRB CARat These Rock Bottom PricesTouring, without starter $4-1 5.00Touring, without starter, D. M. Rims $440.00Touring, with starter ' $485.00Touring, with starter, D. M. Rims $5 O.OORunabout, without starter $370,00Runabout, without starter, D. M. Rims $395,00Runabout, with starter $44000Runabout, with starter, D. M. Rims 946S.OOOcuan ,.. p s 0o WvOupeiet) ' ..........c... $o?5OUChassis, without starter . $345.00Chassis, without starter, D. M. Rims ..$370.00Chassis, with starter $4 1 5.00Chassis, with starter, D. M. Rims $440,00Truck, pneumatic tires . . - $495.00War Tax and Freight Added.RUGGLESMOTOR CpMPANYI(apr2-ltF)In Lexington, Tuesday, StanhopeWiedemann, formerly of Paris, wasfined $25 and costs on a charge ofexceeding the, speed limit, after Patrolman Jelly had testified that Monday night he was driving at the rateof twenty-five or thirty miles anhouron East Third street from Walton,avenue to Walnut street. The officer's statements were declared bythe defendant to be correct.NEW AUTO SALES.The Ruggles Motor Co., of Paris,,reports the following recent sales ofautos made by them:Mrs: Dovie.Gravitt, sedan; Garrettsunders, runaoout; u.r. jmaxiox sedan; Warren Moaning,' runabout;John .T. J3ckman, touring car; T. B5Logsdon, (rxin'gtbn), " coupe f Dr.George L. Rankin, coupiMra. Sdr.win Thomason, tourinacar ; -JohnH.waiter, Islington?, coupe.. - - ' ..U.ai il'CGET ABOARD ! PRICES ARE DOWNyOU fellows who have been putting offA repair work and newt building because ,prices have been high can climb right aboardthis minute and BUHJD $Q$f'We've bought right so our prices are right;The right Bird's Roof ,ill cost a whole Jotless than you think. ' .Patronize Bourbon News Advertisers.v.Whether you nped ", Bird'slParoid, Bird'sArt-Craft (tile or shingle design), Bird's PlainSlate Surfaced, BirdV Granitized or Bird'sTwin Shingles, we will.be" glad to tell youhow little" tpwilljost. Bird's t Roofs LwillViot xatch fire from falling sparks."jtyeppnset $lack" is the building paper whichprotects against dampness and drafts, because'fcleponset is Jaterproof. h4sBIRD & SON. inc. (EsUblithed 1795) East Walpole, MPARIS DESIGN ROOFING GO.HOMER L.RANKIN, Manager(Call Bourbon Lumber Co.). a v:.Both Ptwmmm IXt ' i.ih;I-.s .TBS BOURBONNBW8,PAM8, IXNTOCKTVRTDAY, JUNE 24, 121LODGE WOTESBASE BALLiThe orchestra from the Odd Fellows Home in Lexington, went toMillersburg, Monday night, wherethey gave the first of a series ofconcerts in behalf of the endowmentfund of the Home. Preceding theconcert the members of the orchestraand visitors were entertained byHalleck Lodge I. O. O. F., of Millersburg. Among those present werePast Master W. B. Harris, Moorefield; Grand Secretary R. G-. Elliott,of Lexington; E. B. January, Dr. F.M. Faries, Woodford Ewalt, P. J.McCord and Mr. and Mrs. Fred"Wood, of Paris.Bourbon Lodge, I. O. O. F., Knightsof Pythias and other fraternal bodiesdesiring to take part, will observenext Sunday, June 26, as MemorialDay. The members of the orderswill meet at their respective lodgerooms promptly at 2:00 o'clock Sunday afternoon, where they will formin line and march to the Paris Cemetery, headed by the Boys' Band fromthe Odd Fellows' Home at Lexington. The principal address will bedelivered by Rev. J. L. Clarke, ofMt. Sterling, former pastor of theParis Methodist church, who is amember of Bourbon Lodge. Brotherswho can furnish flowers for decorating graves in the cemetery are askedto notify Mayor E. B. January, whowill give names to the committee ofarrangements. The Rebekah lodgeand Pythian Sisters will also takepart in the parade and ceremonies.At a meeting of Rathbone LodgeK. of P. last night final arrangements were perfected for attendingthe joint memorial exercises to beheld Sunday afternon in the ParisCemetery by the fraternal organizations of Paris.cFire, Wiad tid Iifhtaimf Iasoramce. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANSheriffs Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT."Wolcott Flour Mills.Vs. Order of Sale..PlaintiffO- L. Potts & Co DefendantThe Paris Ruggles team will journey to Maysville, Sunday, where theywill meet the Maysville team Sundayafternoon. Manager Crider has hadhis team doing practice work and isconfident of beating the dwellers bythe riverside in Sunday's game. Pariswill have a splendid battery and withexcellent support by the infield andoutfield ought to be able to show thefast Maysville team some of the finepoints of ball playing.It is hoped a large crowd of rooters will accompany the locals toMaysville, Sunday, as their presencewill help very materially in winningthe struggle. Arrangements are under way for providing transportation by autos and trucks at a veryreasonable figure for all who desireto go along. Help the boys by yourpresence. Systematic and persistent"rooting" has helped to win many aclose game. Be on hand Sunday afternoon when play is called.Of the game between Maysvilleand Paris on the local grounds lastSunday the Maysville Bulletin says:"Maysville was defeated by Paris,Sunday at latter place by a 6-to-3score. Neither Fitch for Maysvilleor Nickels for Paris were batted hard,but the Bourbon boys proved the better "mud horses" and outplayed thelocals on a water-soaked Held thatwas responsible for many errors.Shanklin performed at short forMaysville and was handicapped by abadly cut hand, which, with themuddy field, resulted in his bootingseveral easy chances. Paris playsMaysville here next Sunday."o"DIXIE" BRICK ICE CKEAM FORSUNDAYSRELIGIOUS. !1 wWE ABE NOW PBEPAEED TOHANDLE ATX OBDEBS FOB THEFAMOUS "DIXIE" ICE CBEAM INBRICK POEM FOR SUNDAYS.SPECIAL ORDERS FOE BANQUETS,WEDDINGS AND ALL HINDS OFENTERTAINMENTS.GEANT OWSLEY,SEVENTH AND MAIN STREETS.(21-2t)COMMUNITY LEADERS SIGNEDThe recreation classes being conducted by Miss Sophie T. Fishbackin connection with the Paris Community Service program the proving:highly successful. Monday nightfifty joined in the grand march,headed by Mrs. H. B. Carr and Dr.M. H. Dailey. The march was directed by Mrs. J. C. Nickerson. The earlypart of the evening was spent in discussing community dramatics. MissIrene Bramblette, a local leader inexpression and dramatic art, gave aninteresting talk on the value of community arama in tne me or a com-milTntv. ns a. rnpnne nf ovnrocoinncJersburg, Bourbon County, Ky., ex- ( closing with a number of clever im-pue lot saie ana sell by auction to j personations.me nignest and nest bidder,Pursuant to an order entered inthe above styled action, I will onSaturday, July 9, 1921,about the hour of 10 o'clock, a. m.,at the store room recently occupiedby O. L. Potts & Co.. situated in MiT-There will be a reception tonight at eight o'clock at the Christian church for the new . members.It is hoped all of the members of thechurch and their friends will come.Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, willpreach at the Hopewell church, atHutchison, on next Sunday afternoon,at three o'clock. This will be thelast service before the pastor leaveson his summer vacation.Rev. Louis Goforth, evangelist,will speak in the Clintonville SchoolHouse, on next Sunday evening, at7:30 o'clock,- on the subject: "Stop!Look! Listen! Danger Ahead!"Rev. Goforth 'is an eloquent andforcible speaker, and should be greeted by a capacity audience v Sundaynight.The revival being conducted atthe Georgetown Christian church byRev. Jesse R. Helium, who recentlyclosed a highly successful revival in.the Paris church, continues to attractlarge crowds. On Tuesday night theMen's Chorus from the Paris churchgave a program of musical number,under the direction of A. L. Batlight and Singing Evangelist C. R.Richards, who is traveling with Rev.Kellums. The revival has resultedin creating great enthusiasm and interest in church work, and hasbrought a large number of additionsto the congregation.PRESBYTERIAN) CHURCHServices Sunday at the regularhours. Morning worship at 10:55,and evening worship at 7:30 p. m.;Sunday School 9:30; Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p. m. At the morninghour there will be a special serviceior the reception of new members.Those who are contemplating uniting with this church are urged tocome at this time. The subject for theevening service is "Slaves of theBest." Rev. T. S. Smylie, the pastor,will conduct both of these services.All of the members of the churchare urged to be present, as this is thelast Sunday before the pastor goeson his vacation. During his absencethe pulpit will be supplied by visitingministers.HSH SEINERS FINEDall ofthat stock of goods now situated insaid store room, which consists offlour, sugar, canned goods of allkinds, coffee, tobacco, together withall the fixtures situated thereinwhich includes show cases, cash register, scales, safe, stove, oil tank andpump, cheese cutting machine andmeasures.The terms of said sale will be forcash, excepting purchasers of $50.00or more, which may be sold upon acredit of three months, with the privilege of paying cash.In the event any purchaser shallelect to buy upon credit he will berequired to execute bond, due inthree months, with good surety thereon, acceptable to the undersigned.W? G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon County.june24julyl-8)At the close of the class Mondaynight thirty-six signed up as volunteer leaders for playground work anaother community recreation. Lastnight the games were preceded by anaddress by Rev. Walter Cain, rectorof St.' Peter's Episcopal church on"The Church and Recreation." Alarge number of children was present and took part in the games andother recreations produced underMrs. Fishback's community work.oVOTE P0R PEAECE PATON.State Game Warden A. W. Bullock,assisted by County Game WardensJas. D. McClintock and Wills Jacoby,visited the vicinity of North Middletown a few nights ago and raided aparty of men who, it was alleged,were engaged in seining StonerCreek. It was stated the men werefrom Moutgomery county. The following persons were placed underarrest and brought to Paris: GuyBond, E. L. McFadden, Homer Home,Robert Mason, Vernon Kindrel, Wm.Patchett, Owen ' Patchett and GusShimfessel.The men were taken before Magistrate L. J. Fretwell, of the Paris precinct for a hearing. All entered aplea of guilty, and each was fined$24.50. The officers secured and confiscated two large seines, severallanterns, and other "gear" used bythe seiners.Wonderful ValuesinSport Dressesand1 1v'Afternoon Dresses$60.00 Models at $24.75Gives you the Chance to BuyHigh Class Apparel at Lessthan Half PriceCanton Crepe - Taffeta - Georgette and Crape de ChineIn a great variety of colors and styles, offers excellentopportunity to replenish your summer wardrobe.HARRY SIMON224 W. Main StreetLexington, KentuckyFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00SALESMAN WANTEDTo solicit orders for lubricatingoils, greases, and paints. Salary orcommission. Address,LINCOLN OIL CO.,(It) Cleveland, O.PICNIC!P. I. McCarthy Council No. 1955Knights of ColumbusWill Give Their Second Annual Picnic in Mr. ForestLetton's Beautiful Woodland, located on the Paris andLexington Highway, about one and one-half miles fromPARIS, KENTUCKYMONDAY, JULY 4th, 1921From 9:00 A. M. to 6:00 Ps M.Mask By Boys' Band from 04d Fellows'Hone, LexiBf ton, and by the BourbonOrchestra, of ParisPatriotic Program, Dancing, Foot Races, PotatoRace. Sack Race, Greasy Pig Contest. Old Fiddlers' Contest, and a Grand Cake Walk for theColored Championship of the Blue Grass.Come and Spend the Day With UsYon WiU Not Regret ItPatrons not provided with basket lunch can secureeatables and refreshments on the grounds. Interurbaa cars stop at the gate.$ $ DOLLAR DAT $ $Special for Saturday, June 25:14 lbs. best granulated sugar.. ? 1.001 peck loose roasted coffee .... 1.008 lbs. pure lard 1.006 cans corn; 5 cans chum salmon 1.001 can best red salmon; 1 lb.35c coffee, table peaches. . 1.005 cans No. 2 tomatoes; 6 canscorn 1.001 can pine apple; 1 can cherries;1 can peaches 1.001 No. 10 bucket peaches inSyrup 1.001 No. 10 bucket pears in syrup 1.001 lb. Breakfast Bacon; 1 lb.ham; 1 dozen eggs 1.001 12-lb. sack flour; 1 pk. meal1 box soda 1.00cans 35c best red salmon... 1.00cans 30c peas 1.00large size Lenox Soap. ... 1.0012 bars Palm Olive Soap 1.0012 bars Ivory Soap 1.0012 rolls 10c Toilet Paper 1.0015 lbs. Navy Beans 1.003 boxes Corn Flakes, 3 boxesPost Toasties, 6 boxes Oats 1.0020 Boxes Golden Age Maccaroni 1.0014 bars P & G. Soap 1.00We have the agency for TownTalk Flour. Give it a trial.Paris Baking Co.,I. L. GLASS, Manager.oTHE CHAUTAUQUA JULY 8-15.For RentThe store room on Main street, atpresent occupied by W. N. Deering& Son. Address,ED SHINNERS,428 Russell St.,(24-2t) Covington, Ky.Bourbon News Advertisers Get Results3425Reward, Lost DogIX!IX9EX!!XiiXSSXHIWxA beautiful tan Collie dog withwhite collar, has strayed from myplace. Had license tag on andanswers to name of "Joe." A liberalreward will be paid for his recovery.W. B. ARDEBY,R. F. D. 8, Paris, Ky.(24-2t)Great ReductionsINFor SaleEVERYBODY WELCOME12 years effete fret.HeThe Redpath Chautauqua will hegin their 1921 engagement in Parison July 8, and will continue throughJuly 15, not so very far off. Everyman, woman and child in Paris andBourbon county shoud attend and getsome of the benefits that come fromthis traveling university, for that itwhat a Chautauqua really it, afterall. It takes to those unable to attend the university courses in various kinds of culture that but for theChautauqua would never be giventhose who attend.The Chautauqua brings to Paristhe very best in instruction, andamusement and entertainment. Thereis nothing course or vulgar about theentertainment, nothing that can nothe put to some use in the work ofan erery-day life in the instructivelectures and addresses. .The Chautauqua is an opportunity to thosewho otherwise would never have thechance to enjoy the good things itbrings. It is a case of bringing themountain to Mahomet, since Mahomet cannot go to the mountain. Itis the mountain of learning and culture and refinement, and Mahomet isthe great common people, denied theprivileges and opportunities of thecity and university. 'THE NEWS cheerfully gives thisspace, whatever it may he worth, tothe coming Chautauqua. While operated as a money-making institutionby its promoters, its benefits are nowidely general and so wholesomethat it is a pleasure to speak a goodword for it. By all nieans, let,u,attend the Chautauqua July "8 to ISand thereby insure it coming toFour tons of Sheaf Oats. Extragood. Call Cumb. Phone 966.THOS. H. BUTLER.(24-2t)GROCERIESPlants For SaleWhite Plume,Giants,Pastal.Above plants have been reset.LEILA CLARK,1605, S. Main,Phones Home 516, Cumberland,967. (lt-pd)a1Lost, Strayed or StolenFrom my place, the E. K. Thomasfarm (Xalapa Farm) near NorthMiddletown, an eight-year-old haymare; both hind feet white; harness marks on hack; foretop cut out,is a pacer. Information leading toher recovery will be thankfully received. WM. HUFFAKER,Cumb. Phone 107, North Middletown, Ky. (24-2t)NoticeThe firm of Higgins & Alexander,formerly engaged in the garage business, has been dissolved, and thisfirm will not be responsible for anyaccounts hereafter made in its name.The t business will be conducted inthe future in the name of Tom Higgins, the other partner, J. D. Alexander retiring. All accounts now duethe firm will be paid to Mrs. Thos.,Higgins, and no one else is authorized to collect them; all accounts pwing the firm will likewise be presented to ,Tho.s HiggiMB, for 37meat. '- )TOM HIGGINS,- . - D AUBXANDBR. T .IXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIwIXIVIAvon Club Coffee, 50c, now 32cRoyal Garden Tea, 50c, now 33cRoyal Garden Tea, 25c, now 17cH. L' Coffee, 50c, now 40cBrooms, $1.25, now 75cBrooms, 76c, now 50cBrooms, 65c now 45cMatches, 6 boxes for 25c16-oa. Mop for. .- 42cCalumet Baking Powder, 10c, now 8cStone Jars, sizes 8 to 1 gallon, per gal 18clx pound Karo Syrup 9c5-pound Karo Syrup 30c10-pound Karo Syrup 60c1-pound can Beans 13cPork and Beans lieCan Green Beans 18c; 2 for 35cSetter Pie Peaches, 2-pound can 20cBon-Bon Baking Powder, 24-ounce can 1 9cRed Raspberries, Pineapples, Table "Peaches and many other items teo Inumerous to mention going belowcost.XIXIX:IXIXIXIXIXIXIX.IXtXIXIXIIXIXW. N. DEERING & SON717 Mail StmtIXIIXIXIr :Mraris for aaothcr mmo;XIIX cJ ,3fl1 tr"rFRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1921THE BOURBON HUTS, PAWS, KOTOWiPAGSFIYBJJewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.CONCERT AT PAULS HIGH SCHOOLProf. Carl Lampert, head of the department of music of the Universityof Kentucky, and Mrs. Lampert, gavea delightful forty-five minutes concert yesterday morning at the ParisHign School, from 11:30 to 12:15,These talented musicians gave an interesting and pleasing program ofsolos and duets, which greatly delighted their hearers.30TJBB0N COUHTYFARM BUREAUThe Bourbon County Farm BureauTrill hold a meeting to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, inthe County Court room in the courthouse. All the members are urgedto be present, especiall the wheatgrowers, as matters of importancewill come up-for discussion and consideration.TffTXF STEALS AUTOA five-passenger Buick car, bearingthe license number 10807, and thejnitails, "F. E. N." was stolen yesterday afternoon from in front of theoffice of Dr. J. M. Williams, on Sixthstreet. Up to a late hour last nightno trace of the car or the thief hadbeen secured. The police were notified,SOCIAL AMD PERSONAL. TOOComlsgs and Goings of OurPeople Here, Tbere andtoewiieieaMUCH RELIGIONNEGRO MAN.CRAZESSheriff. McClintock and deputieswere summoned by a telephone message yesterday morning to Centerville, where citizens were holding under restraint a colored man namedWill Dayton, whose mind had givenway under the strain of religious fervor, induced by too constant attendance at a negro camp-meeting.Dayton was brought to Paris,where he was confined in ' the jail..In the afternoon he was removed toI the cell in the Sheriff's office, whereTliR fiTOrt.at.iOT!? In lniirl vnino arrOB--Edward thinners, of Cincinnati,was a business visitor in Paris yesterday. Misses Marie and Thelma Colliver are visiting friends and relativesin Maysville.Mrs. John Tarr, of Tampa,Florida, is a guest of Mrs. RussellEweii PannVor f -PiL ia b exortations in loud voice, arresting his daughter Mrs C B StrofhPr I ed the attentio11 of passers-by. HeMr and Mr t r Pnniin -ho cult Court, and adjudged to be in-returned thSr home Ms cUy ! ?a?e' Dayton was taken onthe 3:45after a visit to Mrs. J. D. Yocums, in j SJSSLSf ti Ste gtalWinchester f or the I.n8ane a Lexington, by Hos-Miss Olive Grimsend, of Leeds, "! 1atJ!n?1?nts- ,His condition wasNorth Dakota, is the guest of Miss FL w ftr1meand, enljstdEsther Meinzer, Red Cross nurse, on'th.e sympathy of all who heard hisDuncan avenue " wierd and vociferous talks on rehg-James Baldwin, is here from io.n and the message he had beenGarland, West Va., for a visit of sev- ' giye to B-ave. the W1ed people oteraPdavs to his brothers. . Harrv ! Bourbon county.vBoone and Grover Baldwin.Mrs. S. P. Mohney and two sonshave returned from a visit at thehome of Mrs. Mohney's mother, MrsC. B. Wilson, in Nicholas county.David Andrews and Marie Andrews, both of Pittsburg, Pa., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parrish, at their home on High street.Mrs. James Duncan Bell washostess Wednesday afternoon at herIMPORTANT NOTICE TO CANDIBATESAll candidates who expect to bein the race for the various offices tobe nominated at the August electionare required to fill out and file anotice of declaration and notification,also a statement of their election ex-home on Hieh street to the members Penses before the day of election.nf rha aarden pinh Pofroshmonia I The notification and declaration2EDPATH CHAUTAUQUA TICKETSSeason tickets for the 1921 engagement of the Redpath Chautauqua,which begins July 8, are now on saleat various places, which are designated by placards placed in showwindows. These tickets are sellinglor $3.03, which includes the wartax; children's tickets are $1.65.The tickets so far distributed are tothose who signed for them at lastyear's Chautauqua.oWOOL!were served.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Brennan andson, Jack Brennan, will leave Tuesday for a month's vacation in Michigan, where they have a summer cottage. Miss Elizabeth Steele and Charl-fnn P.ln-ir rf "Paris ontertaiTieil at theBoonesboro bathing beach yesterday ! theBe blanks can be obtained,fnr n nnrtv of friends from Paris and . early.blanks must be filled out.THE NEWS has received a supplyof these blanks, which we are nowready to place, at the disposal of candidates. Come in and get yours.Have them filled out and filed at avery reasonable figure for the servicerendered. We are the only placeCome(af)WE ABE IN THE MARKET P0BWOOL. HAVE PLENTY OP NEWSACKS AND TWINE.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BBENT & BEO.Lexington.Ossian E. Sprake, of the L. & N.,who has been stationed in Covingtonfor several months, orders THENEWS changed to Ravenna, where hehas been transferred.Twenty-five members of theMens' Course of the Paris Christianchurch went to Georgetown, Tuesdaynigt, to assist in the Kellums-Richardrevival in progress there.Arthur B. Hancock Jr., son ofMr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, of Paris,has gone to Charlottesville, Va.,where he will spend the remainderof the summer with relatives.Mrs. Overton Harber, of Richmond daughter of Mrs. Laura Wiggins, and sister of John Wiggins, of-6-VOTE POE PEAECE PAT0N.B0UEB0N GUN CLUBThe regular semi-monthly shooting tournament of the Bourbon GunClub will be held this (Friday) afternon on the Club grounds in EastJParis. The trophy to be contestedfor this afternoon is a box of Sonadacigars donated by the Paris BilliardCo. The bovs are in good trim forthe event, and are expected to makea good showing over the traps inthis event. Visitors are welcome atall these events, the ladies especially.o-BOUEBON TENNIS CLUBThere will be a meeting of theBourbon County Tennis Club this(Friday) evening, June 24, at 7:30o'clock.. As the tennis courts are wellon the way to completion, and matters of considerable importance asoregards the policy of the organization are to be discussed, it is urgedthat there he a full attendance ofall members and prospective members. The meeting will be held inthe office of the Paris CommercialClub.oEROZEN HARDWith the thermometer standing at88 in the shade yesterday it was below freezing in the new ThescoFreezer Display Counter at S. H.Shively & Son's meat market. A nicecut of pork loin that was on displayin the counter was taken out to cutsome slices from, when it was discovered that the pork was frozenclear through.If you are not already a customertop by and see "this sanitary counterand you will leave an order for meatright then. The prices are right.S. H. SHIVELY & SON, .Main Street Meat Market.BEMEMBEETHE BIG PICNICMany of the surrounding townsare speculating, planning and wondering how they will observe tne-Glorious Fourth of July," but noneof them will have anything on Paris,when the day comes.The big picnic being worked upfor that day by the P. L McCarthyCouncil, Knights of Columbus, promises to eclipse anything in the wayof a "Fourth" celebration that winbe given in Central Kentucky. Theystarted out with that intention, andthe Knighs have never started anyhing they couldn't finish, and theyare going to finish up this day withthe record of having b ""greatest entertainment our people (orany other in the Bluegrass) haveseen in many years.THESDATTiONGEST DAY IN THEYEARTuesday, June 21, was the sum-mer solstice, the day being the longest in the year. The sun was awakearly, and retired late. The oldearth wobbled a little, and tarmedthe second post in the 1921 runntaof the "Eternal Sweepstakes."The sun Teached its farthest pointon its annual journey northward at6:36 o'clock Tuesday afternoon.There were 14 hours and 4 minutesfrom sunrise to sunset, the sun navi ,.,. i.i k a., m. and sank outof sight at 7:04 o'clock. TuesdayTiight was the shortest of the jear,an also oe of te hottest Fromaow umtll July ..! fZtuat 7:15 o'clock. a4 afterit will fcegia to et a few seconds.artier each 47 ., .SOMEBODY DOGA lonely dog, a Boston terrier, apparently looking for a master whohas forgotten or lost him, can beseen every day lying on the stonestens at the front approach of theParis postoffice. The dog is easilyapproached and very companionable,but refuses to desert his post, wherehe stationed himself over four daysago. Every time an auto drives upto the curbing the dog trots down,sniffs it from one end to another,then returns to his station near thenear Hutchison, is a patient at the i door, unsatisfied that the machine be-Massie Memorial Hospital, in this 0ngs to his master.city. I Persons who have seen the dogare of the opinion that he came therein a machine with his owner, andfollowed him to the revolving doorsof the postoffice unknown to hiswho departed, perhapsfhrmich the Eiehth street doors.Meantime the dog keeps his dailyvigil, gravely inspecting all comersand sniffing each auto. Who ownsthis devoted animal?Mrs. James Metcalfe and Mrs.Elizabeth Steele, of Paris, are members of the newly-organized GolfClub at the Lexington Country Club.They will probably take part in thejownerjtournament to oe piayea one aiternoon next week.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedeman, formerly of Paris, entertained Wednesday with a luncheon-bridge at herhome in DeLong Terrace, in Lexington, and on yesterday at the CountryClub, near Lexington. Several fromParis attended both events.B Ik fain jI Bx. jk ' vS In the art of making underwear, pro- HI H 4- jH . ' claimed by the many wearers of the HI V $. jHH . tns NtinUy known brand. H1 1 g9g jL, HjH i WEAR, by all means join the happy B1 B 9iH rlB throng. DHjjHV mauD the "short" man and the "regular9' BKa We arc- JKf 1I We have made it our business to see iSfEVX BI that you men suffer as little from the ifcwfa , Erjrh Eheat as possible. JSf,&SL I OS V B1 ' t JJPiWi MRP 1 11 Our . Pmkmm i 1BLOCH SUMMEIWLOTHES I l&Sfrp PMiss Elizabeth Howse, of Carlisle, mother of Mrs. Rudolph Davis,of Paris, who is visiting relatives inMissouri, recently underwent an operation at a hospital in Kansas City.She is reported as recovering and hermany friends here hope she will soonbe well.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Henry, cfSeventh street, and Mr. and Mrs.Joseph Bodkin, of the county, havereturned from a trip to Anderson,EIGHT DANGER SIGNALSA new "periscope" danger signal,an use in Ohio, warns motorists ofthe approach of a car around a corner. It consists of a red lens with amirror attached so that it catches thelight from an approaching car andthrows it on the lens.Hamilton Fund Notice.The undersigned Commissioners ofthe Hamilton Fund will meet thema., wnere tney went to attend ajat the court iouse in Paris, Ky., onuiiniy met; 1111 & ujl uie uuurcu 01 u-ou.They made the trip by automobileand carried camp equipment, andcamped on the grounds during theirstay at Anderson. They report anenjoyable trip.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Dennis V. Snapp was here fromParis Saturday night to Sunday afternoon, guests of the family of W. K.McClure, and delivered an address atthe Sunday School at the M. E.Church, South. . ..Miss Elmer Tallyreturned last week from her visit torelatives at Paris. Her cousin, MissIrene Alexander, accompanied herhome for a visit,"Misses Nell Clay and ChristineThomas, of Paris, attended an entertainment given in Winchester at theGolf Club by Miss Minnie Benton, inhonor of her house guests, MissesMartha Wilson, Marian Burt, LouiseFaulconer, of Lexington; EdithKnight, of Sharpsburg, and Jane CurlWalker and Nancy Wilson, both otVersailles. The affair was quite informal, but a very pretty complimentto the charming visitors.. Mrs. fFhompson H. Tarr entertained with bridge at her countryhome on the Georgetown pike nearParis, in honor of her guest, MissElizabeth Bedford, who recently returned to her home in Oklahoma.Those present were Mrs. Wade Whitley, Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs. VirgilGaitskilU Mrs. Duncan Bell, Mrs.Helen Davis Swearengen, Mrs. AnnaTalbott Clayton; Misses Loraine Butler, Margaret Ferguson, EiizaDetnClay, Josephine Friedman, NancyBarbee Wilson, Louise Barnes, Martha Talbott, Elemeta Hinton, Margaret Ardery, Eleanor Clay.The members of the GardenClub were entertained Wednesdayafternoon at the home of Mrs. Jas.Duncan Bell, on High street, whereMrs. Bell proved a delightful hostess.Addresses were made on subjects ofinterest to the Club by Mrs. Carter,of the Lexington Garden Club, andRalph Kenney, agricultural! and horticultural expert from the College ofAgriculture of Kentucky University.Ribbons were awarded for best disniv nt flnwers and for individual displays. During the evening deliciousrefreshments were served. , This wasone of the most pleasurable meetingsof tke Garden Club's series and wasthorougMy en jbyed-by all. - Brs. Bellwas assisted by Mrs. John M. Bren-(Other Personals on Page 3)TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1921at 8:30 o'clock, a. m. Please bringyour report cards and expense accounts. The Commissioners willmeet all new beneficiaries at thesame place at 10:00 a. m.MRS. J. J. CONNELL,MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,MRS. W. D. McITNYRE.vmmerClothingIs the Last Word in Style andComfortand our prices will suit you to a "T."If you have been sweltering thus fardon one of these suits and spend thebalance of the summer in cool comfort.Lewis WoilsteinTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe StoreiTnWfiwgwfTKlJgfcThey're veryfine suitsThe Clothcraf tBlue SergeSoils we arefferagthisweek at$33.50.It's the samesuit we soldlast year for$50 andwe guaranteethat it isthe best $33.50Blue SergeSuit on themarket to-day.JLWmJm f M BItfV IF it"""" Now is the Time You NeedBFiapjBJBHHHHHHHHHHHHH&;flBPHSP!ffBBBBBBBBUSkN vBBBBJS5UBBBSBS&&gLM3l 7?ft I BBBBBBSSBBBBBSxvn"1ftv jf ii XBBBsS&fSOiBrCSSHLflslaBBBaHBBJBjHflBBCsniBBBJBBKC I I ft I lt j lxWPORCH FURHITUREandVudbrVUD0R SHADESand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind atGREATLY REDUCED PRICES,VENTOATINctPORCH SHAKES Make your selection to-day.Columbia Sratonolasw iJare the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic StopjcconiesDavisit is rirfhtPlay Columbia Records on Columbia MachinesTHE J. I. HINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 3PARIS, KENTUCKYtlVTU ASIA mMMMMMotor Hearse Motor InvaM Coacli UndortaMncA. i1, -.HHt', Til 1'r ASK SIXHB BOURBON, , NETS, PARIS, MjOTflfjFRIDAY, JUNE .24, 121BRIGHTESTEVENINGSfH1.BB'"9OHTT,Fv. i; m ii. S U MKtc uifc ,W-'"W--. ! - tta -.- TiL -!. .f-aws-' (liUv i . &iJust History:Im7tThe Ctloiial DtmeSpam her clotkBy Casile lane.Im 1160la Gzimoline bright,She erected her guestsBy Col Oil ligkt.Aid later oi,Htw time does passHer home was litBy flickerimg Gas.Bft the girl of to-dayWho wants her hmt bright,Jut presses a MtoftAnd has Electrio light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Ellis' Tea RoomTke Home of Good HomeCooked MealsAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $8,501 Meal per Day $9.50Regular Board' (3 mealsper day) $8.00,-V.. s. i. .Vvi;u.isiSj rcrvousrioss, aim-RSft & fcv&i fa -hilar r o:u :cV.f end ofttn ward offJdeadly Jis - pc.-. Known r.s the natf.'.nclrraicdy c" K Hand fcr a:ore thn 2QQyears. AH druggist?, in lh:os tli?3.' Lad: foe ihc 3iarn Gold Me!al on tcry Lsvand nccopt a i.ouitt.icnSUNDAY MOVIES UPHELDOperations of moving pictureshows in Oklahoma on Sunday wasupheld as legal in seven decisions ofthe State Criminal Court of Appealson record in Oklahoma City thisweek. The decisions were based onthe ground that operation of theatres does not constitute "servilelabor" which is prohibited by law.Moner back without question! if HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES' (Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm, Tetter or other itching; tun disease. Try thistreatment at our rateVAEDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.IE EUIS TEA ROOMOfptiite Court Home.PAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.The Best Goods at theBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.VARDEN S SONDruggists Both PhonesOOBOB1B.3JOHMOmbobTThoroughbred HorsesAnnual Summer Meeting atL AT ONI A(Crnsent to Cmcmnati)June 4th to July 9thStakes:lot day. 4mmUTMUKVTi 1s,..s.j.j uI miuniia: lskT. Jwmm 1Mb.EnnfwwcaUTWU UISThe unusually higfaVdass gof the horses on the ground,thecxcellcncc of the programbook and improved accom-fmodations for patrons com-bine to -infcuredie success 'ofthe meeting at the popularLatonia Course.Those who visit Latoniathis month will enjoy thefinest sport in itsliistory.aoavsjay Jaoy bmMCMaHTIinTobbvoos' sas bmiMaaW . MrKentucky Jockey Chiblalatonia, Ky.. CoarseULLM-MKENTUCKIAN BOOMED FOR."MAYOR OF NEW YOEKSunday's Louisville Courier-Journalcarried, under a New York dateline the following story, "which willbe interesting to the many friendsof Mr. Wallis:"A Kentuckian for Mayor of NewYork." This is a subject which is being widely discussed among formerKentuckians in the metropolis, andpresent indications are that it isnot at all improbable thai- the ambitions of the local Blue Grass colony may be realized. The man proposed for Mayor is Frederick AWallis", who calls Paris, Ky., 'homeand who has been prominently inthe public eye in New York in recentyears, Mr. Wallis is soon to retiress Commissioner of Immigration atNew York, which post he assumedabout a year ago after having servedfor several years as Deputy PoliceCommissioner, and a movement is onfoot for his nomination as a candidate for Mayor in the election nextfall. Mr. Wallis declined this weekto say how he would answer the pe-(titions that he become a candidate forMayor. The petitions, which are being circulated by Charles Rozelle, of17 West Forty-second street, do notindicate whether they want Mr.Wallis to seek a party nomination orto run independently, but the movement to have him become a candidateis gaining ground. Mr. Wallis is aDemocrat, and was appointed to hispresent post as. Immigration Commissioner by President Wilson."o-FIN NESMSMCOOPERTroubles Overcome Five Years AgoBy Tanlac, She Is StillFeeling Fine"About five years ago I gave a testimonial about the good Tanlac didme, and as I have enjoyed the bestof health ever since, I want everybody to know what a wonderfulblessing the medicine has been tome all this time," said Mrs. EmmaCooper, of 1610 Eighteenth avenue,North, Nashville, Tenn."When Tanlac first came to Nashville I had been in a nervous, rundown condition for a long time.My health was so poor that I couldnot get out of the house and had tospend most of my time in bed."Well, Tanlac soon relieved mytroubles and built me up to wherelife was worth living again and it hasbeen my standby ever since. I keepTanlac in the house all the time, andwhen I feel myself getting a littlerun down it soon has me feeling rightagain. It always invigorates me andkeeps me feeling fine. I will alwaysbless the day this- grand medicinecame my way. It rapidly restoredmy strength and energy after I hadthe 'flu' two years ago. I honestlybelieve it is the greatest medicine inthe world."o .MORROW WANTS RELIEF FROMPARDONING POWERGovernor Edwin P. Morrow, on thestrength of his experience in theFrank Blair case, which he promisesto probe to the bottom, will ask thenext General Assembly to relievethe Governor of personal responsibility of pardons.The Governor's idea is that theBoard of Chartties and Corrections ora board composed .of the Attorney,General, Secretary of State and somoother officers, with an attorney employed to investigate cases, shouldpass upon applications first, and thatthey should not come to the Governorexcept upon the board's recommendation. The constitution gives the Governor the exclusive pardoning power..iifVW ? "'l'?l'Jl'lWlSXu'4 WiW-inHi 'VF4psiMMMys.ft ,C-sc.THRDWDUT THE IEGive Them Help'arid Many ParisPeople Will BerHappier,"ThrowOut The Life Iiine" '' 'Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworked theydon't get the poison filtered, out 'ofthe blood.Will you help them?Doan's Kidney Pills have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney sufferers. Asic your neighbor.Paris testimony proves their worth.Mrs. J. T. Mattox, 905 Pleasantstreet, Paris, says: "Both myselfand husband have used Doan's Kidney Pills with very satisfactory results and so far as my own experience goes 1 can recommend tuemvery highly. At times my back wouldhave a weak and painful feelingthrough it and would be quite dizzyby spells. My kidneys didn't actright either. I began using Doan'sKidney Pills and they soon relievedthe trouble, restoring my strengthand giving me better health generally "Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidner remedygetDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mattox had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)SCORE ONE FOR COLVINWe believe in giving a Republicanoffice-holder credit when he deservesit and State Superintendent ofSchools Colvin deserves a bouquet forputting a stop to the fraudulentpractice which has obtained in manycounties of this State Af cheating : inthe examination of teachers. He hasruled out the examinations in tnecounties of Leslie, Anderson and Taylor .because of evidence of fraud.Nv ' ' '&""9.4 ? - V,"v,,, J .. ".'Htv.'r".Me-o-my,how you'll take toa pipe and P. A.!V - - -m.'MaMtaMMSK,4 liHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittLrLvLLLLLLv hhLLLHt mmJXX'1 Vr'mBefoTyojareadayolder. from bite and paTcH (cuSyou wanf to let the idea slip; put by our exclusive pat-finder your haf that this nted process) are a reve-iis the open season to start Jation to the man who never:something with a joy'us could get acquainted with apipe! .f. a. nas made apipe a tihing of joy to fourmen where one was smokedbefore!jimmy pipe and someIPrince Albert!Because, 3 pipe packed;with Prince Albert satisfies& man as he was never satisfied before and keeps himsatisfied! And, you canprove it! Why P. A.Jsflavor and fragrance andcoolness and its freedomEver roll up a cigarettewith Prince Albert? Man,man but you've got aparty coming your wayTalk about a cigarettesmoke; we tell you it's apeach!Pringe AlbertFrinc Albert isId im tmppy rtd, tidy rd tin,hmndmrnmrn mowedmmd hmU fmmdhmmtlderm andinthma tmd cry stmt gtmtmMUmidmr with9pMg9 mmttnTtprCepyrixHt 192rby R. J. RayaolaW-Tobacco Co.WtBstoa-Salaa,N.C.the national 'jigy smokeBetter than'SSt " j:3 Vlaimed.Outwore three others!"Diamond Tires have given usbetter service than you claimed.One went 10,000 miles withoutbeing removed from the wheel,during which time it outworethree tires or other makes,.which cost considerably morethan Diamonds."KaiUpell American Laundry Co.,Kalispett, MontanaBuy Diamonds for economy.They are the real thrift tires,and have heen standard fortwenty-five years.The Diamond Rubber Company jncAkron, OhioJDiamondCQRDS FABRICS TUBESOnWaddcirsilPihrPriMrlv! - aSSSSSSBBSSJDont S&for Don't be Opmtedpa VaWi W BW'arVMM IfManfMsjsasjl K sot Wflsjt,lBjtkJaiiiiiiininiuiiuiiiiiiiiiiuiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiittiiiiiiuriiiiiiiiiiiiiituiitiiiiiiitiiiiiiiuiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiminntimtiniimguAVilliam, K. Hasan tS- ybNArchitects G- Enginee..-Pai. Ky.FIR-TT NATIONAL BANKj-iiiiiiiiiMtiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiuiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiittiiiiiiiiiiitiiitiiiitiiiiiiiiiwumnnniimnf?VrEAGLE'TfflKADO"ffai25BtaaiV.PfT , . ,'L'Jl W-xj.-'eicilNo.174For Safe M row Dmost!, A9KrORTW,YUJXWrYNCIL.WITH.THKEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEWlHoaW iai firo gioJw(ilu!itay4)iy a'' iH.:-ii,vFRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1S21THB BOURBON NEWS, PAllg, UMTDCKTSATS ELECTIOK .ACTS DO NOTcoragiicTThe law providing that a candidate-vvho is. defeated in a primary cannotrun in the general election is not ;nconflict with the non-partisan judiciary act which provides that candidates may run in two or more primaries, Commonwealth's Attorney J.B. Snyder, of Williamshurg, was toldhy Attorney General Charles I. Dawson. Snyder was of the opinion thatthe law providing that if a candidateis defeated in tt primary he cannotenter the general election repealedthe non-partisan judicial act as it isa later act The Attorney Generalholds that the acts are harmonious.-o--Motor touring parties are traveling through Kansas City, Mo., on anaverage of more than a hundredeach day.D iV1A- v UXVEscape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokencf as " stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance oflendcrness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomenandhips.Tkey have the reputationof being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."Priced from $2 to $10LFRANK & CO.SWEET CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEBASKET REVIEWThe week shoved some increase inthe cream delivery. Prices remainedgenerally unchanged. There is a gooddemand for butter, both for storageand current use. It is thought thatthe duty of 6 cents a pound on butter will restrict importations to someextent. Market quotations do notrin all cases, represent the sellingprice of butter, because only a smallpercentage of the arrivals from centralized, creameries will gradestandards, and under-scoring butteris sold at a discount.Quality of butter manufacturedcould be improved jtf more attentionwas given to the careful handling ofthe cream on the part of the producers, and if the cream produced wasmarketed more frequently.It is important, if cream is tobring top prices, that it be clean,warm cream should never be mixedwith cold cream.The higher temperature throughout the producing sections is affecting the quality of eggs marketed, although there has been little changein the market quotations. To securethe highest prices, eggs should begathered daily, kept in a cool placeand marketed frequently.It should be remembered thatroosters are not necessary for eggproduction, that infertile eggs, produced during the summer months,have better keeping qualities and results in better prices.A large volume of poultry wasmarketed during the week, resultingin slightly lower prices.The supply of young chickens isincreasing and bringing good prices.BLAIR CASE BOMBSHELL IN REPUBLICAN RANKSGovernor Morrow's "apology" forreleasing Frank Blair, .alias "JohnDoe," notorious Louisville banditand would-be murderer, after lie hadserved only 19 months of a five-yearsentence, and the amazing revelations of the circumstances by whichBlair's release was effected, hascaused dismay in the Republicancamp.Whether the Governor's demandupon Maurice Galvin, of Covington,to "come throuerh" with all the factain the case will be met by Galvin in ja conciliatory manner is a subjectfor wide speculation.What will the outcome be? WillGalvin resign? Will he break withMorrow? Will the repudiation bythe Governor of the plaftorm pledgeta investigate before granting pardons mean that he will have to fight jout the remaining two years of histerm with a Democratic legislature?All these and other questions arerunning through the minds of Republican leaders as they think of theeffect of the Governor's faux pas.oHall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condlmm Witt notice that Catarrh bothersthem much more than when they are infood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces sfthe body, thus reducing; the inflammationand restoring: normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney Jb Co., Toledo, Ohio.gJR--fcV,X mx j, -..sMs aSS IBSMifbhBSBSSK AsSfJlaaaasnmfln? lsnrammmmmmSSSBBBgBBBBSM"3 iBMSSgBSgBSBSVhSSSibiV r3 VBsaKBnmmmmmKbmkkkB VgM gs gggggemABgBBBgBT gflgBBagBSHgewCvSA YLlW iigBBBV I' HFe fTHE U. S. USCO TREADHere is the U. S. Usco Tread, with along -established standard of serviceamong motorists who have an eye to'value, as well as to price. While sell3ng for less than the other tires in the- TJ. S. Fabric line, the Usco has earneda reputation for quality and dependable economy which is cot exceeded byany tin in its class.&,,taw " ,,FORMER CONGRESSMAN JOHN K.HENDRICKS DEADJBBBF "1 gBwBF. AW 7 MgBvglJohn K. Hendricks, veteran of thebar and politics, and one of the mostprominent men in the business pursuits in Western Kentucky, died athis home in Paducah after a briefillness. Hendricks was former United States Congressman and StateSenator and an unsuccessful applicant for Governor. He came intoprominence during the Goebel trialwhen he was one of the chief prosecuting counsel. Two sons and adaughter survive, besides the widow.! On the Great Lakesthere are ninelarge vessels in the service especiallyused for the transportation of motorvehicles.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finished yGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents:No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.CumlMrlaiHl PImim 71 PARIS, KENTUCKYj UF , vJLjIMLIUIIiinnMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.Wt havt a ftw'MISTO MAGIC SETS and thtr toysjaLMl vr from tht holidays.Let . U ; Demonstrate the Golden?:Throated 'Claxtbnola. "PlaysAny Record..it. W. SPIGERmain srtrerr ' opp. covin- house"Fresh, live U. Si Tirescome direct to the dealerfrom his neighboring Factory Branch."Which one of yourneighbors gets thebest mileage out cfhis tires?EVERY once in a while you hear a motorist say as hekicks a rear tire with an admiring foot, " there's a luckytire!" Give him a-chance and he'll tell you all about it. 'And then you'll find that what he calls "luck" is simply hisfirst experience with a quality standard tire.It all comes to this buy a U. S. Tire anywherein this country and you get definite, predictablevalue for your money no matter what weight caryou drive.The man who has been guessing his way through"overstocks," "discontinued lines," "job lots" and thelike, will find it refreshing to talk with the local U.SLTire dealer who is concentrating on a full, completely sized line of U. S. Tires.For the first time he will hear some straight qualitytire facts and get the differencebetween chance and certainty intire buying.The U. S. Tires he sees in stock arefresh, live tires. They come direct to thedealer from his neighboring FactoryBranch.There are 92 of these Branches established and maintained by the U. S. Tiremakers.Giving your dealer a continuous movingstock of new, fresh tires built on thecertainty of quality hrst every time4His Hrst experiencewith U. S. qualitystandard Tiros."i'v.United States Tiresi '. ";United States Rubber Company602 Tire & Vulcanizing Co.Paris, Ky.Millersburg Hardware Co.' VMillersburg, Ky.BORAH FORECASTS END OF REPUBLIC OF U. S.CANDIDATES MAY FILE MONTHBEFORE VOTEEstablishment of bureaus to su-' All candidates who file notificationpervise the health of the neoDleiand declaration capers with Countymeans the beginning of the end ofthe republic' declared Senator W.E. Borah, Idaho, in a speech beforethe Citizens' Protective Association,which is opposed to the Federal Regulation of Medicine.Mr. Borah took "too much Government" as his text, declaring that"the time is coming when the Government will not 'only control whatClerks have until thirty days beforethe election to do so, Assistant Attorney General Logan said in anopinion given to J. P. Lamb, CountyClerk of Caldwell county. Mr. -Loganheld that the clerks will have todisregard the provision of the law requiring them to furnish ballots forthe primary thirty days in advanceof the primary election. The twothis point, he said.-With her hands tied behind herback, fourteen-year-old Marion Goebel succeeded in swimming six milesacross Long Island Sound.you say, but will control what you (sections of the law are in conflict on"The time has come," he continued, "when we must fight to determinewhether the country is to remain aRepublic or whether it is to becomea bureaucracy."When Napoleon took charge ofthe French government he replacedthe 200,000 government officials witha force of 5,000, who performed thesame amount of work."I believe that something ike thisperformance could be' dut.licat.ed inWashington. We have alreadv an-.nroacheri within 9ft 'Ann f -h r,iwU- ..-, . V,VVV Ul VUG .U.U1U-ber of office holders in the rolls ofFrench Government before theFrench Revolution."FADING BEAUTYBulgarian Blood Tea, sature's pureherb, will help preserve woman'sbeauty.,. A Beautiful ComplexionEvery, woman can Improve her complexion by using Bulgarian Blood Teaaee f" week. Sold by druffflats.Marvel JFroduct Co.,Ht&bnrh, Pa.FALL RACING MAY CLOSE ATLEXINGTONWhile no official announcement hasbeen made, it is understood that themanagement of the Kentucky JockeyClub is seriously considering openingthe fall racing- season at Latonia instead of Lexington, with Louisvillefollowing and Lexington winding upracing in the Bluegrass State. Ifthis arrangement follows, it is likelythat racing at Latonia will start!Monday. Sentfimhpr K. whipli la TahnrBay. It will be the first time racingnas ever been held so early in the ,fall at Latonia. It is likely that theenracicy Racing Commission willItlfiM hpfnrA T.aitrifn ia nlncarl o-nAgrant' the fall dates.U 1 , t. -Statisticians have figured, that onepersons is killed every 35 1 min-,iiitet Ty'motor,vvehicleini the UnitedStates.PILES!If you arc a sufferer with pQet, hemorrhoid, blind or bleeding, you will get relieffcnmttu annltMittnn.rkf Ifaal PateraReeaedy (salve) for pilea and fistula. Perfectly soothing; does not smart. $1.00 byman, prepaid. -,X.ttBtIMMlfstleTtr,(apr29-13tF)i,:rou Will likenInstant PostumAnd It Will like l&uPeople who say, "I likecoffee, Jbut it doesn'tlike me? will find InstantPostum much more considerate of their health' r This pure cereal drinkcombines wholesome Qjxal' ity with rich . coffee-like j. flavor.Instant Postum is madeinstantly in. the cup."Theresa Reasonfor PostumAt all grocersffade bj Postum Cereal Company.bccattle Creck.Michigan.IWTAUTI POSTUMAacvnuMftetaMCwM"Bourbon 'Mm Advertisers Gfet Result' WW' M J1 nnt mk. t xrt 1J Kr1l1Mtr-.mr' -S?'vr-'v-THE BOPWOK WKW8, PAMS, AJWl'UCM-FRIDAY, JUNE U, 1121AHsMILLERSBURGMiss Nannie Patton, of Carlisle,is visiting relatives here.v Miss Lula Oney, of Lexington, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. Jas. Miller.R. M. Caldwell and wife, of Lexington, were visitors here this weeir.Miss Elizabeth Glasscock, ofMaysville, is visiting Miss Marguerite Layson.Misses Katherine Tarr and Bush.Allen are visiting Miss ElizabethMock, in Ashland.Miss Mary Taylor was week-endguest of her sister, Mrs. EmmaLong, of Georgetown.The Young Peoples' MissionarySociety met with Mrs. D. P. Jones,Wednesday afternoon.Miss Henrietta Bedford returnedWednesday from a visit to Mrs. HenryLee Grant, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Wilson, of Cincinnati, are visiting the latter'smother, Mrs. Jennie Letton.Dr. W. G. Dailey, who has beenill at his home for several days, isable to be at his office again.Richard Huffman, wife andbabe, of Covington, are visiting hismother, Mrs. W. V. Huffman.Miss Jane Bowling, of Danville,and Miss Ursula Kerry, of New York,are visiting Miss Olive Fisher.Mrs. J. M. Alverson and children, of Paris, were guests of her sister, Mrs. Owen Ingels, Wednesday.Miss Bessie Mayes, of Lexington, is spending the summer vacationwith her aunt, Mrs. Letton Vimont.Mr. and Mrs. Will Letton havereturned to their home in Atlanta,Ga., after a visit with his mother,Mrs. Jennie Letton.Mrs. Jas. Ellington and MissElizabeth Pruitt are delegates to Epworth League convention, in Mt.Sterling, this week.Mr. and Mrs. Bryant Long andchildren have returned to their homein Indianapolis, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Buy your season tickets earlyfor the Chautauqua. Dates, June 30to July 5. Don't miss a number, forit is certainly worth while.Dr. C. C. Fisher and family motored to Mt. Sterling, Thursday, toattend the Epworth League conference, which is being held there.Extensive repairs are being madein the interior of the Millersburg!Presbyterian church. Services are be- jing held in the Sunday School roomuntil the work is completed.Mrs. Earl Curtis, of Paris, attended a luncheon given in Nicholasville by Mrs. G. A. Roy, in honor ofher daughter, Mrs. L. D. Ward, wholeaves this week for her home inDenver, Colo.At the quarterly conference heldat the Millersburg Methodist church,Monday, the following official boardwas elected: J. H. Stewart and Pelham Jones, re-elected; Mr. Ellington,Mrs. W. Metcalfe, Mrs. M. Whaleyand Mrs. A. Miller.An offering of $80, recentlytaken at the Millersburg Christianchurch, has been sent as a specialgift to James Ogden, missionary inThibet-Batang, India. Mr. Ogden isa native of Nicholas county, and paida visit to his old home there a fewyears ago.The marriage of Miss ChristinePatterson to Mr. W. C. Brown, ofCynthiana, was solemnized Tuesdaymorning at the parsonage of theMethodist church, in Paris, Rev. C.H. Greer, officiating. Miss Pattersonis one of our brightest young girls,with many lovable traits, and Mil-lersburg's loss will be Cynthiana'srain.The Disciples Leadership Train-!iner School and Youne Peonies' Conference, which has been in session atHamilton College, in Lexington, closed an eight-days' meeting at noonWednesday. Sixty-eight registrantsreceived certificates. Among those receiviner certificates were Mrs. E. P.Clark, Lucille Boatright, Esther,Boatright and Mabel Templin, of'Paris.The Millersburg "Wide Awake"Junior Agricultural Club made anauto trip to Lexington yesterday,starting from the Millersburg HighSchool library at 8:30 a. m. TheClub made a short stop at the ParisHigh School en route, where theywere photographed in group by Doty,of Paris. They took lunch withthem, which was served on the campus of the University of Kentucky,and afterward attended the convention of Junior Clubs, participated mby clubs from forty-four counties.The club returned home late yesterday afternoon, after spending an enjoyable day.oVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.j ja st sMm t ; m V k tk H2:00 to 5:30 7inn t -l n-oo;MATRIMONIAL.A marriage icense was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Wm. C.Brown, 24, of Cynthiana, and Christine Patterson, 25, of Millersburg.The Stanford Interior-Journalsays:"Friends here have received announcements of the marriage at Parisof Miss Cora Gladys Lee and Mr.John F. Maher, which occurred onJune 1. The bride is well-knownhere, where she was connected for along time with the telephone exchange. She is a fine young woman,and her many friends here feel likecongratulating the man who has wonher heart and hand. Mr. Maher isa prosperous young Bourbon countyfarmer. They are now at home atthe Xalapa Farm, near Paris, wherethe good wishes of their Stanfordfriends will always be with them."CROWE ARMHOLDNews was received here byfriends and relatives of the marriage,in Pittsburg, Pa., on June 6, of MissLutie Marion Crowe, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. W. A. Crowe, of Paris, toWm. H. Armhold, of New York City.Mr. Armhold is connected with theSyndicate Co., Inc., of New YorkCity, engaged in promoting newspaper subscription contests. Tne brineis a charming young woman, a graduate of the Paris High School, andpersonally very popular here in alarge circle of friends ana acquaintances Mr! and Mrs. Armhold are temporarily located at Newcastle, Pa., andexpect to make a Southern tour inthe near future. They will visitParis at the conclusion of their tour.MlimnFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKER. THE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtyBROOMS, BROOMSReal High Class Broomssale this week only$1.40 Office or WarehouseBroomV$1.30 Medium Weight HouseBroom85c$1.25 Light Weight HouseBroom75cBe sure and buy one ofthese broomsLogan Howard'Th Hmm erf Goodto Emt"Phoaes 179TkinitERDMAN PRUGHThe marriage of Miss CarolynBrdman, of Lexington, and JohnLawrence Prugh, of Chicago, was solemnized Monday at the Presbyterianchurch, in Cincinnati, Rev. F. H.Stevenson officiating. The bride isa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. E.Erdman, of Lexington, and a cousinof Miss Mary Kenney Webber, ofParis, at whose home she has beena frequent guest. Mr. Prugh is awell-known young business man orChicago, and is connected- with theMarshall Field Co.The marriage is the happy resultof a romance which began at CampKnox, where the bride and bridegroom were engaged in the Government service.Mr. and Mrs. Prugh after a visitto friends and relatives n Lexingtonand other points in Central Kentuckywill leave for a trip in the North, andon July 1 will return to Chicago, tomake their home.PATTERSON BROWNThe marriage of Miss ChristinePatterson, of Millersburg, to W. C.Brown, of Cynthiana, was solemnized Tuesday morning at eight o'clock,at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of theParis Methodist church. They wereaccompanied to Paris by the bride'sbrother, Roy Patterson, and Mrs.Patterson, of Cynthiana.Immediately after the ceremony,Mr. and Mrs. Brown left for a motortrip to Louisville and other pointsof interest in the State. They willreside in Cynthiana! where the groomconducts a dry cleaning establishment.The bride is the youngest daughter of Mrs. Henry Patterson, and isa young woman of many beautifultraits of character. Mr. Brown formerly resided in Millersburg.KENTUCKYTOWNFTJLEHAS $25,000Fire believed to have originatedfrom a cigarette carelessly thrownin trash, destroyed the new MooreHotel, with a loss of $19,000; the L.Booth residence; loss $3,000, and theH. Hawes building, loss $3,000, atWarfield, Ky.The flames, originating on the second floor of the hotel, which had notbeen occupied, were discovered at3 o'clock in the morning.That numerous . other buildingswere not consumed was due to heroic work by bucket brigades. Especial praise is being given a crewof Spaniards employed in railroadconstruction, who formed a livingchain passing water in buckets fromTug River. ..-.. ',(.0ROADSTER IS UNKNOWNRoadsters are unknown in Austria,reports F. W. Allpot, clerk to therepresentative of the U. S. Department of Commerce in Vienna. Theaverage car there, he says, is the liveor seven-passenger touring car withfour or six cylinder.NMilt u DnituToday, Fridaymnini inBroadway and HomeujjTHE SCREEN'S MOST POPULAR ACTOR IN HIS GREATESTDRAMAlTIC TRIUMPH.A Vital Story of Human Souls Enmeshed in the Sorbid Net of Circumstances. A Stirring Page From the Bok of Life in .Which isShown the O'Brien Side of O'Brien.Also Charles Hutchison in "Double Adventure"and Eddie Boland in "Hobgoblins"BRYANTomorrow, SaturdayT WASHBURN "An Amateur Devil"The hilarious tale of a "spotleess youth" and his scandalous auestof a blemish. You see, his sw eetheart demanded a real he-manwho wasn't too good to be true, so Come and laugh till youache, while the the Amateur Devil goes to the bad and corneaback with a "reputation." we3Also Gapitol Comedy "You'd Better Get It"MONDAY AND TUESDAYCLJL JTZj-JC-jiJUNE 27th AND 28th77J,With LIONEL BARRYMOREA Paramount Artcraf t PictureA.DGreat Crowds Wept and CheeredWhen Lionel Barrymore stirred their souls with the unforgettable scenes of "The Copperhead" on the stage. NOW IT IS ON THESCREEN! The story of a patriot who served in disgrace when he could have served with honor Gave more than life for those who calledhim traitor, for Lincoln who called him "friend." A whole town built fox stirring scenes of love and conflict A picture more impressive thanthe play Thousands of men and women in the cast.Mighty Moments!The "Copperhead's" oath to President Lincoln. His secret intrigues with foes of the Union. His fight in the clash of "Copperheads" and1. His sacrifice when spurned by his wife and soldier son. The inspiring, wonderful end!"Yanks." His false imprisonment for murdedIn Addition MondayCentury Comedy, "Seeing is Believingana ratne tceviewftIn Addition TuesdayRuth Roland in "The Avenging Arrow"and Pathe NewsADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3o WAR TAX, 3Qo CHILDREN AND GALLERY Itc PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 2QcDEATHS.BURKEMargaret M. Burke, aged eighteen months, died at three o'clockyesterday morning, at the home ofyesterday morning at the home of herparents Mr. and Mrs. Pat Burke, onHanson street, nfter a short illness.Besides her parents, she is survivedby one sister. Tfnsn r;. Burke, end onebrother, Edward Burke.The funeral will be held M theChurch of the Annunciation, in thiscity, at four o'clock this (Friday)afternoon, with services conducted byRev. Wm. CTHare. The burial willfollow on the family lot in theCatholic Cemetery. The pall-bearerswill be James Gorey, Jack Flanagan,George Adams and Lawrence Jordan.Mr. and Mrs. Burke have the sympathy of their friends and relativesin the loss oftheir little daughter,whom they cherished and idolized.ELDER.Following a protracted illness,Mrs. M. A. Elder, aged seventy-six,one of the pioneer citizens of. LakeVillage, Arkansas, died at her homein that city last week. Mrs. Elderhad been an invalid for some time,illness being due to a complication ofdiseases.Mrs. Elder was a woman of fineChristian character, and a most lovable woman. She had a host offriends in her home 'town,, and elsewhere, who regret to learn of herdeath.Mrs. Elder is survived by two sons,F. S. Elder, of Paris, and E. V. Elder,of Richmond, and one daughter, Mrs.Frank Elder, of Lake Village. Bothsons started to their mother's bedsidein response to telegrams apprisingthem of her sudden illness, but theaged woman passed away before thenarrival. The funeral was held at Lake Village, with services conducted at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. FrankElder. The interment followed onthe family lot in the Lake VillageCemetery. Mr. Elder's many friendshere extend their sympathy in hisbereavement.BIRTHS.Born, June 20, to the wife ofMr. R. E Alexander, formerly MissEthel McCabe, a son.JAZZ BLAMED FOE GIELS LEAVING HOMEThe lure of jazz music was explained and condemned before agirls' conference of women workersat the Twentieth Century Club byMiss Maude E. Miner, secretary ofthe New York Prohibition and Protective Association.The speaker outlined dangers toyoung girls for dark galleries inmoving picture shows and promiscuous automobile riding,"In treating some of the Bostonrunaway girls who find themselves inNew York I always sympathize withthem," she said. "Many of them havea dull, inactive life at their workand have no recreation."COMPLETION OF KENTUCKY HOS- PITAL NOW ASSUREDAgreement by the conference committee of the United States Senateand house to an additional appropriation of $750,000 in the deficiencybill for the Government sanitariumfor ex-service men at DawsonSprings, -Ky., means that the entire22 units of the hospital will be constructed within a short time. iWhen,the hospital was started it was estimated the hospital would cost $1,.500,000. It has been found, however,that materials did not drop as hadbeen expected.oMrs. Leach C. Marion, of Emporium, Pa., is Pennsylvania's onlywoman candidate for a seat in thaUnited States Senate.t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 H i 1 ItHtti MIIHMMjGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137Night t499HIIMIIMMIIHMMIIllllMlllllllllllillllMlllimD. A. R. TO MARK SITE OF MARTIN'S FORT.To-day will be a notable one in thehistory of the local D. A. R. organiation, Jemima Johnson Cheptef,the occasion being the placing in position and dedication of a granitemarker on the site of the historicold Martin's Fort, near RuddlesMills, in this county..The ceremonies wijl take place ateleven o'clock, when the marker willbe placed in position. An addresswill be delivered by Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington, who is alwaysa most interesting and eloquentspeaker, and who will on this occasion give much history of local interest. At the conclusion of the exercises, the weather permitting, themembers of the Chapter will enjoy apicnic lunch, and social hour.The scene of this interesting eventis three miles from Paris by way ofthe Cynthiana pike, at the east sideof- the farm of Col. E. F. Clay. Theentrance gate will be indicated by alarge American flag.The marker will commemoratethe destruction of Martin's Fort bythe British and Indian forces in 1780,which antedated the attack on BryanStation and the battle of Blue Licks,which have passed into State historyas among the most notable events.It was the beginning of an organized effort by the British to wipe outthe Kentucky frontier forts at thattime. Martin's Fort was one of thelargest fortified points in the State.It is expected tthat a delegationfrom D. A. R. Chapters from severalsurrounding towns, including theBryanStation Chapter, from Lexington, will be present to take part inthe ceremonies and the social program following.Miss Helen Dowe, of Denver, Col.,.holds the distinction of being thefirst woman entrusted by Umcle Samto act as fire guard in the NationalfWhite Footwear SpecialsA Revelation in Value GivingA profuse selection of the very newest in WHITE STRAP SLIPPERS AND OXFORDS, one and two-strap effects, French or Military walking heels. Every pairpriced at one-third less than you pay elsewhere.L adies' Snow White Lace Oxfords and StrapPumps, Military Heels or Low Walking HeelsSpecialJpXeeLadies' fine quality very beautiful WhiteCanvas and Linen, turn soles, one and twostraps, $4.00 values. SpecialS2.99Ladies' $3.50 White Canvas Slippers, turnsoles, covered heels.SPECIAL $2,49Ladies' $5.00 White Slippers of very finequality. SpecialSPECIAL $3.49Sale of Men's ShoesThe Greatest .Values!Great MoneySaving!Men's Tan English and BlucherLaee Shoes, Bluchersoles, rubber heels. ' All (2-fJ2sizes m tne lot.Values to $6.50CHOICE$199Men's High Grade Shoes and Oxfords, Tanand Black Vici Kid, Tan English. Values to$8.00. SpecialS4.95Another lot of Men's and Boys' Tan ScoutShoes. All Sizes. While they last-VERYSPECIAL!S1.99Misses' and Children's White Canvas Slippers at a GreatSaving in Price Bring them to this store save the bigdifferenceDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreIWbere Beauty an Eeoaoay Rcijnforests.Saiiv 1;1fcmi ii 1o- W