t ' Nw , t- A v. -'-;y&-THE BOURBONsPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.$-vt-v-AVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBONfCOUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1921"4v, 1,NEWSVI m -rSADDLE HOESE MEN HOLD ANIMAL MEETINGBreeding of saddle horses in Kentucky received a new impetus at theannual meeting of the stockholdersof the American Saddle Horse Breeders' Association, in Louisville, whenit was shown to the breeders thatthe demand for saddle horses new exceeds the supply.Claude M. Thonias, of Paris, president of the association, said thehorse show this season and for manyyears would he one of society's greatest events. In many cities, he said,riding schools are being organized,which causes an ever-increasing demand for good saddle horses.The Kentucky State Pair Association recently agreed to offer to theBreeders' Association two prizes of$1,000 each for the best colt foaledthis year and in 1922. Dams for thefirst stake will be nominated at themeeting.The outlook for the saddle horsebusiness is "very bright, indeed,"said President Thomas. Although thebusiness was hard hit during the war,Mr. Thomas said, I saw a revival ayear ago and conditions look evenbetter now. The greatest drawbackto the business is the high ratescharged by railroads for passengerand freight traffic. By the time oneships a horse at the present rates hehas little margin left."Mr. Thomas was re-elected president of the association. Other officersre-elected were: First vice-president,I. N. Thurman, Springfield; secondvice president, John T. Collins, NorthMiddletown; secretary, R. H. Lillard,Lawrenceburg, Ky.; treasurer, P.Wooldridge, Pewee Valley.The following were najmed directors: Mr. Thomas, Mr. Thurman, Mr.Woolridge, O. W. Lehrman, Chicago, J. Lr. Gay, Pisgah, H. M. Hobbie, Montgomery, "W. C. Diercks,Pittsburg, David Matlack, Winchester; R. A. Long, Kansas City; A. G-.Jones, North Middletown, Samuel D."Hinkle, Shelbyville, W. L. Lewis,Tulsa, Okla., Phillip Weissinger,Shelbyville, and Henry Caywood,North Middletown.cBIRTHS-.. . JK LJL,A-aawaJ-fc,MH!r',rrw " "-Born. Monday morning, to thewife of Mr. Rankin Mastin, of Ferfpttson street, a daughter, christenedNorma Mae. Mrs. Iastin was for-mtrl7 Miss Edna Huffman. The new jarrival tips the scales at ten pounds.o. No less than 260,000 men and women in New York City cannot speaktht Engtfcn language.nillllHmmiHtMnmmiMIIW'",ti rT"1 XI FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS$ We Are Now. ShowingMODELSmFrocks, Suits and WrapsTT OTTERS IN ALL THE NEW MAlKlAba iANDrrvHAND MADE BLOUSES IN BATISTE ANDVOILEIN OUR PIECE GOODS DEPARTMENT:CANTON CREPE IN ALL THE NEW SHADESNEW WOOL AND SILK SKIRTINGS.FRENCH AN.D DOMESTIClGINGHAMS AND.VOILES -DRESS LINENS1A' '"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.- LADIES't -. a-. , 'tr i., JJRJOPENING OF LOCAL BASE BALLSEASON.The local base ball season openedSunday when Paris defeated the Centerville team on the latter's groundsby a score of 5 to 2. Though thegame was fought in a cold drizzle,both teajms showed good form, especially the Paris team, which hadbeen in training but a few days.The game proved to be a pitchersduel, between Perkins, of the Paristeam, and Carter, on the mound forCenterville team. Perkins had goodcontrol, allowing only three hits,and striking out eleven men. Parisheld Centerville scoreless until theeighth inning, when two runs wereput across the home plate. A sensational running catch of a hard hitliner by Brewsaugh and long hits byMann, Brewsaugh and Berry man featured the game. Despite the inclement weather a large crowd was in attendance, and promised to comeagain, like loyal fans.R. C. Ruggles has offered to equipthe team with new uniforjms, andthe new equipment has been orderedfrom a well-known sporting goodshouse.oPICTUEE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, April 12 Maurice Tournepr's great filmplay, "TheWhite Circle;" William Duncan andEdith Johnson, in thirteenth episodeof "Fighting Fate;" Pathe News.To-morrow, Wednesday, April 13Jesse L. Laskey's production of"Huckleberry Finn;" Jipnmie Aubrey comedy, "The Decorator;" Topics of The Day.Thursday, April 14 Jesse L. Laskey's production of "HuckleberryFinn;" Juanita Hansen and WarnerOland, in serial, "The Phantom Foe;"Pathe News.Gregs Orchestra plays afternoonand night.oSPUING CLEAN-UP CAMPAIGNThe week of April 18 th to the 22ndhas been designated CLEAN-UPWIjEK. This. department urges allresidents -in the State to co-operatein a general CLEAN-UP of all buildings from cellar to attic. Get rid ofall the accumulation of old papers,oily and dirty rags, discardedcloth-i-raMftSl?'lah(jotlfer valueless materials. Tire and disease are invitedwhen t&Me conditions exist.o- 'SEED POTATOES GOING UP BUYNOW.Buy your seed potatoes from usto-day they are going up. Get themwhile the price is right.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.. . - - -SPRING Ift..Mo-.-----' bSHADESeti a ni?CIN ALL SHADESOUTFICTERS .jiJ'1'aMMMlllllflCOMMERCIAL CLUB LUNCHEON,- -The weekly noon-day luncheon oftne .fans Commercial Club will De(won the boys hexathlon silver medalheld to-day in the Methodist church, j in the meet held by the BourbonThe luncheon will be given over to County Y. M. C. A. last week. Mca discussion of educational matters, j Carty also set a new record for points,Prof. Lee Kirpatrick, superintendent j making a total of 512 points as comof the Paris schools, will be the ( pared with 420. points made lastspeaker for the occasion. Prof. Kirk-I year by v Craig Tucker in the unlimpatrick will speak on the subject, ited weight class. Twenty-five boys"The Functions of a City School Sys- participated, scoring N5,704 in thetern." Prof. Kirkpatrick will point thirty events compared with 4,203out several signincant tacts in regarato the local school and Miss' EllenBlanding, member of the B. H. S faculty, and A. L. fioatright will present ia number of musical selections. Thaluncheon will be served by the YoungPeoples' Missionary Society of thuMethodist church.Arrangements have been made toseat about eighty persons. All desiring to attend are advised to makereservations at the office of Commercial Club Secretary Hacker.At this nieeting, M. Peale Collier,member of the City Board of Education, will make announcement of thedonation of another playground lotto the city. The Playgrounds Committee, of which Dr. M. H. Dailey ischairman, has been working outtails of park and playgrounds improvement in Paris, and before manyweeksjiave passed several vacant lotsin the city will be improved and converted into public playgrounds forchildren of Paris.Roy F. Clendenin, a jmember of theCity Board of Education, will presideat toastmaster. Supt. Kirkpatrickwill have a real message for thepeople of Paris, in explaining notonly what the local schools are attempting to do for the children ofParis, but the service they are rendering to the whole community. Hewill also present statistics from otherKentucky cities to compare the expenditures for educational purposes.oBOURBON POST PROTESTS DISCOURTESY TO THE FLAGAt a recent jmeeting of BourbonPost the following resolution inviting attention to the courtesy duethe American flag was adopted:"Whereas, All American citizensshould pay tribute to the flag of ourcountry, when it is being carried unfurled in parades, ceremonies, and:.. 00 .. , !.-,such..vu -.:- !., .4Ai.tn, V7'i" ou .uwwpujr Wu.6 Xwigh point winner, 60 to 80 poundr custom of .standing x in fKs james E. Hill, 384 points; 80properlence, facing the flag, men with, hatsremoved, until the flag has passed;and,"Whereas, During the burial ceremonies, participated in recently byBourbon Post, a lack on the part ofmany individuals of this outward.show of respect and courtesy to theflag was very noticeable; and"Whereas, We believe this negligence to have been due entirely to? tnoucrntiessness or carelessness anuto no snirit of dislovaltv:"Be it Resolved, That this organization respectfully invites the attention of the public to the proper manner, as outlined above, of civilianssaluting the flag, and request thatthoughtful consideration be giventhis patriotic duty."Be it Further Resolved, That acopy of these resolutions be given thelocal newspapers for rublication, andthat a copy be given the school super-intendents with the request chatthere be brought to the attention ofall pupils the importance of observ-ing this mark of respect to our national emblem.(Signed) '"BOURBON POST."American Legion of Kentucky."-o--PARRAKEET STORES CLOSED ATOTHER PLACESThe store of the Parrakeet MineralWater and Grocery Compan3 on jCumberland avenue, is closed on'ac-jcount of the involuntary petition inbankruptcy filed against the companySaturday of last week in Louisville,!Tlin consequence of which the Parra-keet stores of Louisville, Paris, Ravenna, Corbin, and of - towns in jTennessee, are also closed. jIt is not known what the liabili-ties of the company total nor what jtheir assets amount to. Quite a jlarge number of Middlesboro citizens, .mostly wage-earners, have stock inthe concern, it is said. The same be-ing true of Paris and other placeswhere stores "were operated.HELD TO.GlAin) JURYIn the County .Court Judge Geo.uatterton ncard tne case ot jonnMorris, a young white man, chargedwitkt?stealing an automobile belonging "to a Paris man. Morris entereda plea of not 'guilty, and was heldin $200 bond to appear before thegrand jury at the June term of Bour- jf lion Circuit Court. In default of Jbond he was sent back to jail.1 o .SEE ME HRST,Don't sell your second-handnf urn 1ture or anything else you have tp-get rid of. before calling me.uip. I..wan.it.nndiL.wllL.-KTr.MlUifrlt. "-,. , - - .---.irUi'- :-:3.J3nJrmWf ;-HoTo MO.i.jfcL-TV, - ;(It)Y. M. C. A. NOTES .Robt. McCarty, in the 110-lb. classpoints made last year. New recordswere made in a number of the events.The winners and records are as fol-lows!Sixty to 80-lb. class: One potatorace, Sol Feld, 5 2-5 seconds; threepotato race, Jas. E. Hill, 17 2-5 seconds ; running high jujmp, Sol Feld,3 feet, 4 inches; standing highjump, Jas. E. Hill, 6 feet, 4 inches';snap under bar, Robt. Cahal, 3 feet,Tl inches; target throw, Jas. EHill, 65 points. IEighty to 95-lb.' class: One potatorace, Ray Cahal and Harry Tucker,tied, time 5 seconds; 4 potato race,Ray Cahal, 22 seconds; running highjump, Ray Cahal and Harry Tucker,I tied 3-ft. 11 inches; standing broadde-Jjump, Harry Tucker, 7-ft. 8 inches;snap under bar, Harry Baldwin, 5-ft.3 inches; target thrown, BlantonCollier, 70 points.One hundred and ten pound class,2 potato race, Robt. McCarty, 101 3-5 seconds; 5 potato race, RobertMcCarty, 29 seconds; running highjump, Robert McCarty, 4-ft. 1 inch;standing broad jump, Robt. McCarty, 8 feet; snap under bar, Robt.McCarty, 6-ft. SV2 inches; targetthrow, Robt. McCarty, 80 poiAts.One hundred and twenty-threepound class, 2 potato racey RobertMeglone, 10 3-5 seconds; 6 potatorace, Robt. Meglone, 33 1-3 seconds;running high jump, Robt. Meglone,4-ft. 1 inch; standing broad jump, J.T. Knox, 7-ft. 5V2 inches; fencevault, Robt. Meglone, 4-ft. 10 inches;shot put, J. T. Knox, 28-ft. 8 inches.Unlimited weight class, 3 potatorace, Kellar Larliin, 16 3-5 seconds;6 potato race, Kellar Larkin. 35 secbnds; running high jump, KellarLarkin, 4-ft. Vz inches; standing'broad jump, Keller Larkin, 8-f t. 9 Vzinches; fence, vault, Kellar Larkin, 5feet 9 incnes; snoi put, ,jveuar -uui-to 95 pound class, Ray Cahal, 465points; 1J5. to 110 pound class,. Robt.McCarty, 512 points; 110 to 125pound class, Robt. Meglone, 37points; unlimited weight class, Kellar Larkin, 459 points.NEW GARAGE FIRMThe building on Main street, recently occupied by Dickerson & Sonas an auto garage is being remodeled,repaired and put in first-class shapefor occupancy by a new firm composed of O. T. Hinton, Jos. W. Davis,Jr., and Chas. Dickerson. Concretefloors are being laid, the whole placeremodeled and the building given athorough overhauling.Mr. Davis will he manager .of theenterprise, while the mechanical department will be in care of Mr. Dick-J eron whose many years service asan expert auto mechanic eminentlyqualifies him for the position. Mr.j-Davis has had business training andwill have charge of the office andbusiness end of the new concern.The new it" . ' ;o will begin busi-acss with c.cry ;irospect of a successful season.The front of the building is-beinpainted a pure white, from which Mie! new firm will derive its name, 'TheWhite Front Garage."-P-ANOTHER WARNING,THE NEWS has to repeat thewarning which has been sounded before to the effect that no item of engagements or marriages will be published when brought to the office unsigned unless there is some way ofverifying the news so given.When the names mentioned arenot in the telephone book on in thecity directory, and no one knowsthem there is no way of decidingwhether or not the news given ofsuch an important nature is authentic or not.Wc also take occasion to repeatnotice so often given through thesecolumns that we positively will notpublish anonymous communications,no matter what their subject. If thecontributor to THENEWS hasn'tthe, . i.tj onthnrcfcin ofnui vc iu tui.m-rv iccb ....---his or her article, we haven t tnenerve' to publish it. Please takewarning and. act accordingly.oFIRST BAND. CONCERTThe first public concert of thenewly-organized Paris City Band, under the instruction and direction oi'A. 1. Boatright bandmaster, will be- ." given in Paris during the first weekin June. Further announcement wintfe Vnade-in the future. Theband has!made dood Bfoxrew and mass ian5. .wii-r-llUr. Tniiclr.il nrjTOj Become B,'.wtcucui. .,. --to, beconie-afe:texeellent;iniitioa' i the future.PETTO VICTIM FORMERLY LIVEDIN BOURBONBeverly P. White, landowner and'farmer, who formerly lived nearNorth Middletown, and later nearHutchison, in this county, but whomoved to Woodford county last yea,was shot and instantly killed at Barbourville, last week. During Mr."White's residence in Bourbon countyhe made many friends, by whonuhawas highly regarded.White and his family moved awayfrom Clay county several years ago,according to members of the family,to be free from danger of a conflict with the Bailey family. Laterhe purchased a fine farpn in Woodford county, where he had since resided. Mr. White had been at MayoBros,'. Hospital, in Rochester, Minn.,for several weeks, to undergo an opteration, and upon his return Southhe went directly to Manchester tolook after his coal and timber interests. Members of -the family didnot know he had returned to Kentucky until they received a telegram telling of his being slain.oCOMFORT FOE CITIES ON DIXIEHIGHWAY.The Dixie Highway route is notlikely to be changed because thegovernment is not in the habit of investing a hundred thousand dollarsin a particular route and then changing the route. N. C. Bosler, chiefengineer of the State Road Department, told the Georgetown BoosterClub. The present route was established during the administration ofGovernor Stanley and CommissionerWiley, and the present road administration has no intention of influencing a change, Mr. Bosler said.Counties plong the route, however, would have to put up half ofthe money required for proposedconstruction, the speaker said inanswer to a question, because theFederal aid, as provided in the.Bankhead act, has been awarded,and that the bills pending at thelast session of Congress were defeated. In the case of the Dixie Highway, however, according to Mr. Bosler, that road could never be permitted to "die," and the State woulddoubtless provide the funds if thecounties failed.The road engineer had hardly begun his speech before his auditors began an interpellation which lasteduntil the speaker has covered all thepoints of his theme. -o-IMPORTANT NOTICE!For years it has been the policpound him" in "Parisof country newspapers to dpjigje.spaca in their columns for adyertj-school box suppers, ecJxJimaking a charge for s.afrve. '$$&done cheerfully and willingly,, yet-itip" rniirnn simners. Scties ui cuiuiu,)even the good peoplthese'orga jzations went too far inth matter, jand wouUl send in requests, for. spacethat no paper could grant.In common with many oth'er paners in Central Kentucky TJIENEWS has given space to these atH.4nounoements without charge. Now,in the future, as is being done by theother papers in this section, we willmake a charge of ten cents per line,our regular rate for these, as theyare advertising matter, pure and simple. ' We feel that we have been doingan injustice to our regular customers, who operate restaurants, andin other lines of business, by publishing these notices without charge.So; to protect them and ourselves, aswe'll, we will inthe future, as indicated above, make a charge of tencents per line.-, -0 - .PARIS BOY GAINS MEfclftSD PRCfIIOTION m AEMYMr. and Mrs. F. S. Elder, of Paris,received a message from their son,Eugene V. Elder, who has been sta- ltioned at Camp Vail, near LongBranch, New Jersey, for. some. time,to the effect that he had passed asuccessful examination, and had received his commission as First Lieutenant in the United States Army service. , . - ': k.Lieut. Elder is a graduate of theParis High School, and of the .University of Kentucky -where he passed .with the highest nonors 01 maclasses. After a long service in thearmy he was sent to Camp Vail, nearLong Branch, where . he 'renderedefficient service. He is a young manof Uhe highest character, one whowill- make as many advances in theservice as Uncle Sani may give him achance to merit. eTis a brother .ofThomas Elder, and Misses Huby. andRosina Elder, of Paris, the latter being'.at present a guest at his home inLong Branch.o 'SPECIAL PRICES ON THE FARMJ ERS NEEDS.Special prices on buggies, wagons,harness, plows, harrows, corn planters; or anything a farmer- may ne'od.Sec us first.CI2v2tf "--FARMERS SUPPLY-CO.'ELECTED LTFE MEMBERS OF AD-V1SOSY BOARDAt a recent meeting of .the Executive Board of the State War Mothers,held at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Mrs. R. B. Hlltfthnrnft nfParis, who was the first State WarMother, and is now a member of theState Executive Board, was electedas: Advisory War Mother for life.Mrs. William Dowell Oldham, StateWar Mother, presided 'at the meeting. A nuniber of matters relativeto the welfare of the soldiers of thAmerican Expeditionary Forces lathe World War were discussed, anda request sent to the Governmentthat the national hospitals be established and equipped at the earliestpossible moment. It was voted thatthe Secretary of War be requestedto take measures to prevent the National song, "The Star Spangled Banner" from being played in a medleyor as jazz dance music.New chapters were reported ashaving been organized at Russellville, Franklin and Bowling Green.o"PEACEFUL VALLEY" GOES WELLSECOTO TPJE. Kr i t tThe second periormahce of "Peace'ful Valley" at the Paris High School,Friday night, by the ;members of thSenior Class brought out a large andappreciative audience, who' enjoyedall the good things presented by thdelightful playlet. The two performances netted a handsome revenue.The Lexington Herald, in Monday'sissue, says:"Prof. Edward Saxon, of the Department of Expression, has returned from Paris, where he has beencoaching the Senior High Schoolplay, which was given Friday evening. This is the second year thatProfessor Saxon has directed the annual play at Paris, and the fourthyear in which he has coached theSeniors of the Nicholasville HighSchool for their annual production." oGRAND LARCENY .CHARGEZora Sosby, white, was arrestedhere by Chief of Police Link, on acharge of grand larceny, and takento Lexington by Deputy SheriffFrank Hall.The arrest was made on a warranty"sworn out. uy ju. w. 5 tuixua, ut .tAra-.,mgton. according xo .uepTiiyatfieriii j&fcHall' Sosby is alleged taptotfe- ridden wwith Stokesipreftnohiltf about fthree &jtfa-$fe&a.TldtQi havF takena jit(!h,'from him. Heteawpeared,Lftfwas not located until ClrTef LintE.-JJIH iJiV Lf We UrioW- Ho w"rv ""Every Demand'Is Mett7T ;Sj?4There are fur things!you demand m a iuuWe can outfit you toyour own satisfaction, forwe carry the predominating styles, where tailoring!is an assured fact and loaglwear is guaranteed by ptm Iall-wool material. -We are ready to preour statement Cosm iand. lake a look and' 1mconvinced.MITCHELL aBLAKEMORE13Sttttan Spring Hats. ;x'?& 1flltE BT :WEAR rGOOD TAILORINGfr 1-sri.&1hhpw ( - r - - z.'.P AG TWOTHE J&OUUBON NKWS, PAKIS, KENTOCfclSlJSDAT, APfelL 1, ifllJfN-IRE BOURBON NEWlrtabfc lied 188140 Tears of Continuous PublicationPmbiiiked Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CffAmy Editor and Owner.JjflSm&ered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)0UB FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Association, fhicago lord & Thomas.Ekiladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Kassengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Lowman-MulUcan Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchack atjbsequent insertion.Beading Notices, 10 cento per linetact issue; reading notices in blackjsjf. 20 'cents per line, aach kwua.Cards of thanks, calk on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andiaaiiar matter, 10 cento per line.M Special rates for large advertise -ssMtsa ad yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseiredis decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political offlcetslist invariably be accompanied byle cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.EDITORIAL EHNGrf OF THIS.THAT EN TOTHER9Another thing that retards themillennium is that the man. who employs and the man who works usually begin by sizing each other, up a3MILLERSBURGMrs. A. B, Plummer and FosterAdams are improving nicely in Lexington, and hope to return home ina few days. 'Mrs. E. M. Ingels returnedThursday, after a several days' visitto relatives in Lexington, 'and isnow among the sick.D. C. Clarke sold a few days agoa house and lot in Butler Additions,occupied by R. C. Bornar and family, to Mr. Bornar. Terms . private.Mr. Dennis McMahan returnedThursday from St. Joseph's Hospital,Lexington, where he had been undertreatment for several weeks, somewhat improved.Mr. and Mrs. Dennis McMahanhave returned from Lexington, whereMr. McMahan has been a patient atone of the hospitals for some time.He is greatly improved.The commencement exercises ofthe Millersburg High School will begin with the Junior and Senior reception on Friday evening, May 13,and will continue through May 20.Mrs. J. S. Mann received a message from Columbia, Mo., telling ofthe death there of her cousin, Mm.Irwin Vivian. Mrs. Vivian was formerly Miss Wallace, and was a native of Millersburg.The next number of the Lyceum Course will be a lecture by H.W. Sears, at the Millersburg College auditorium on Tuesday, ApriH12. The sixth and last number willbe given on Saturday, April 16, andwill be furnished by the International Glee Club, at the High Schoolgymnasium.The school lunch, begun a fewweeks ago as an experiment, continues to be a success under the direction of the capable committee, Mesdames John Hill, Pearl Hill, and MissLillian Bodkin. The main feature ofthe venture is the free luncheon served to a number of undernourishedchildren. The services of the ladiesof the Parent-Teachers' Asociationwho have volunteered to help onthese occasions is greatly appreciated. Prof. R. P. Green, of Frankfort, State High School Supervisor,recently paid an inspection visit tothe local High School, resulting inI his recommending the school for aplace on the accredited list, therebymaking it possible for a graduatefrom this school to enter any college. Work WantedI am prepared to do all kinds ofbuilding and repair work. Haveyour houses and barns shingled now.All work guarantee'd. Call Cumberland phone 758.SAM H. SHOUT,( 8 -tf ) 1210 Main Street.LOSTOn South Main street, in Paris,or on the Ciintonville pike, onMarch 24, a black cloth cloak. Finder please return to or notifyMARTHA A. M. JONES,(aprl-tf)ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of Stale Senator from theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon-Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at tLpolls. xFOR REPRESENTATIVEWe aie authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMFSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Repesentative from Bourbon County inthe Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.Postion Wanted.An experienced stenographer,best of reference, open for position.Call BOURBON. NEWS, or 844 EastTenn. 'Phone. ' (adr)Taxi ServiceIf you want quick taxi service,call Cumberland Phone 102 5-J, dayor night.A. K. CAYWOOD TAXI CO.(15-tf)TOR SALEMotorcycles, Indian, one with sidecar, one without; both in perfectcondition; bargains.Shetland pony, mare; four yearsold; black; white star; well brokento ride or 'drive.Piano; Cable make; in fine condidition; with bench.Address P. O. Box,' 250, Paris, orcall Cumberland Phone 54, NorthMiddletown Exchange. (8-2t)i 4fEAOJemADO"'lc3fctPe.KilNo.174EzrazsaanFor Sale at yomr Dealer' Made in fiv fracasASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)Red Star Coal!We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in -theLower House of thi Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,1921.a person strictly on the skin andsqueeze, and one to be walloped at without examination, and receivinevery opportunity. j ful1 credit for all work done here.iur. u-reen stated: "As tar as IA newspaper headline says:"Whisky Cured Man Afflicted WithSleeping Sickness For Nine Weeks."This peculiar affliction will spreadrapidly among those who would liketo lutve a taste of the old snake-biteremedy that we used to have.We disagree with those Paris fellows who insist that the laying offof thousands of railroad men was dueto -President Harding's Easter greeting We can't believe that President Harding had any more to dowith the laying off of the men thanlie had with the killing frosts thatkilled so much fruit in Kentucky.know, this i3 the best opportunity fora High School in the State." Hisaddress in chapel, directed principally to the High School students,was one of the most inspring theyhave yet heard. Visitors on the occasion were Dr. C. C. Fisher, R. M.Caldwell, County Superintendent J.B. Caywood, Mesda'mes R. M. Caldwell, B. Frank Hensley an'd R. C.Bonar, Miss Lillian Bodkin and M.E. Pruitt.The protracted meeting which isin progress at the Methodist church,continues to draw large audiences.Evangelist Kendall is preaching powerful sermons every evening, and theI Torr1o cnam in ho mrvtrorl linear T-TinCalifornia gave us the honey dew ! f . ... , Txiuiueiiuc lie lciua. xicv. uuu u.melon for breakfast. Now's thewinter of our discontent made glori-vious summer by the son-of-a-gun inColorado who promises a mountaindew watermelon, to be gulped downbefore breakfast. Why not raise alcoholic melons this year, instead oftobacco?-With the advent of Spring Parishousekeepers and business men arebeginning to won'der what steps, ifany, will be taken to abate the dustnuisance. A walk down Main streetin the early morning is like a journey through a sand storm when thebroom brigade gets busy sweepingoff the pavements.The home-building movementought to assume respectable proportion in Paris. We need a little more"vine-and-fig tree" civilization here,and not so much electric button andsteam heat flat living. Paris needsmore small houses for small families.A good investment for local capitalists. A Paris man who attended theSpring Style Show at the GrandTuesday night remarked that everybody ought to buy a new suit ofclothes after seeing the models displayed there. We like the idea.Some of the men are so shiny-seatedthat we can understand how theymanage to keep in their chairs withut"ising sandpaper cushions.aIt is quite unnecessary f or us torepeat here what a man says whenlie reaches his place of business intke" morning and find he has leftMia 'glasses at home. But what hetow sayand think causes great joya rejoicing in the abode of Satan,iwi. some amusement in the officewfcere tie works.We often think that, if Mr. Burlea had to be Postmaster General atalL he held that position of trustam4. responsibility at just the rightptfioi, in our .commercial development, as probably the unavoidablecelays saved not a few thoughtfulssmlU imvestors from getting in theirapplications for oil stocks until itwas too late. Many Paris would-beImraators owe Mr. Burleson a vote oftaaks.Parker, who is in charge of the musichas organized a well-trained choirof more than fifty voices. He makesyou sing whether you want to or notwithout using any undue influence.Sunday afternoon Evangelist Kendalldelivered an address to the ladies ofthe community at the Methodistchurch, on the subject, "The Forbidden Fruit." At the same time Evangelist Parker conducted a service atthe Presbyterian church to men,only, subject "A Strong Quitter."There were large audiences at bothchurches, and the subjects were wellhandled. Sunday at 1:30 p. m. utthe Methodist church. EvangelistParker organized a booster choir,which will meet every afternoon atthe church about 3:30. EvangelistParker has also put on a SundaySchool campaign, beginning with lastSunday morning, and every Sundaynoted a gain in its attendance. OnSaturday night the Boosters Choirwill give an entertainment. OnSunday night the' spacious 'auditorium "and lecture room of the Methodist church was filled to overflowing, and a few were compelled tostand. The meeting will continuethrough the coming week at 7:30.On next Sunday afternoon EvangelistKendall will address the ladies atthe Presbyterian church, subject,"Sour Grapes." At the same timeEvangelist Parker will address themen at Methodist church. The musicgrows better every service. Whileevangelist Kendall grows stronger inhis discources. At the afternoonservice Sunday at Presbyterianchurch a large number of jmen wentforward with a promise to Evangelist Parker that they would try toabstain from the things he askedthem to.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.ft. ED-BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announcePEARCE PATON as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,supject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Cqurt,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldnn Sntnrrintr Alienist R 1Q91,FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the -Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport ana influence in hi3 candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of th9 Democratic primary.we are autnorizea to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a eandidate for the office of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.A physician predicts that the insanitary bath tub will follow theroller towel into the Umbo of thingsthat were. Perhaps, and before oneperson in ten has acquired the habitof bathing half at often as he says hebathes. Anyway, if the bath-tub hasto go, we still have Stoner Creefcfor a resource.In order to be thoroughly cosmo-lpalitan in New York City, it is nec-lessary to speak 32 languages beside !English.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER'We are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate fnrTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, wun J5'JtAJNK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner,- subject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. HEDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKIE SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Police Judge of the City of Paris,subject to the action of the votersin the primary election on August6, 1921.We are authorized to annnnnnoTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as acan a mate ror Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters at the primary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to innnimoAROBERT S PORTER, of Paris, as icandidate for Police Judre of iCity of Par ja, subject to the action.or tne voters in the primary elec-'tlom ob August lc 1921.We are now handiincr Red starCoal. This coal alwavs sella at apremium but from now until the firstor May we will sell at the same priceas ordinary coals. Try a load andyou will always be our customer.MANSFEILD & JEFFERSON LUM-' BER CO.Cumb. 'Phone 711.Home 'Phone 510.(28-tf)Guaranteed EggsS. C. WHITE LEGHOBNS,WHITE WYABDOTTES$1.50 per 15 or $8.00 per hundred.postpaid. Money refunded for eggscandling clear on seventh day andreturned to us prepaid. Our flocksrepresent prize winning trap nestingstrains. Ask for snrintr sale circular.BOURBON CONSOLIDATED FARMS,Millersburg, Ky.Cumberland Phones, 25 and 46.(mar29-tf)grlmi...Ti i ... , iTYm-fi r f ""'7' vmrrf VJ ' jTT.. ...... ... , , 'MoUR cou rteouscharacter hasmade this organization famous. Our expert knowledge of allthe details of ourprofeseioa meets with theapproval of everyone.Our reputation forfair dealing is oirclients' proteetiosi.Patronize Bourbon News Advertisers.I Are You Beady For Springf Carpet and Rug Cleaning?We will dust thoroughly and shampoo by the newmethod, eliminating all dst and dirt, bringing out yourcolors like bright and new.rDirty carpets and rugs are disease breeders. Don'ttry to beat the dust out You only break the carpet -s-backand the dust and dirt still remains.Our new method makes your carpets and rugs sweet,clean and bright looking at a small cost. We will calland return them. No worry. No bother to you.Let STERN, the DRY CLEANERSuccessor to LEVYTake Your Carpet and Rug WorriesEast Tenn. Phone 212 Home Phone 208WEST BADEN SPRINGSAmerica's Most Famous Watering PlacesocialA wonderful hotel, beautiful surroundings,.delightfuIml life, with all forms of outdoor sports 'and indooriamusements. Ten days here will be the most whole-"some snd beneficial vacation you can arrange. " 'MINERAL WATER and . BATH unturptsed, inconditioning and rebuilding properties. ' '. Make Yor Reser rations NowWest Baden Springs Company! West Baden inHiann. Chaf B. Rexford, President: .hr-.mtiSktvtI$.Kv-wr'.-.-; ..1 ,nir"tVJ-XVH 'J"V$ ' ,'-'4XAN-aW-jf 'V.vv&4.Jt. fVS.. 7 V 1 ...V' VV!w .ffc '-4, ,TUESDAY, APRIL. lS; 1S21THEB0U1SB0MOTfffS, PAKIS, KEITfUCKIPA6B1HKH?'- -K j J- . -fitDR. W. J. KirFVETERINARIANm Successor to Dr. WatsonOffice InBOXTREGCT GAEAGE, FAEIS. KY.(nov-19-tf) Both. Phones 347.Little, But LoudGive Us a Trial Order To-day.TfeLs week!New Cabbage,Sweet Potatoes,Cream and Country Butter,Plenty of Eggs,Fish, Weinerwurst, Ham.Prompt Delivery.TAUL & CO.,Id Taylor Stand, Eighth Street,(8-2t) Cumb. Phone 933.TjpESSSSS&tob&uJeebles1 rs(i)Ims1!by'Tkeyosepkdl. 'Peebles Sons Company.The finestj qualityutmost purity highestnourishment valuesat reasonable pricesare the standards thediscerning housewifedemands in her groceries, canned goods anddelicatessen.Grocers who purvey thesefoodstuffs to her table mustgive her utmost satisfactionin service, cleanliness and expert attention.Since their foundation overeighty years ago, The JosephJL Peebles' Sons Co., hasTHE JOSEPH R. PEEBLES' SONS CO.Government Square, CINCINNATIl " """ ' VA. B. HANCOCKPresidentit.1 " - m -SEEKING mFORMATDlONIn a letter to Postmaster J. Walter Payne, of Paris, Mrs. Sarah Nicholson, of Winterset, Iowa, asks forinformation regarding the Johnsonfamily in Paris and Bourbon county.The letter follows:"Winterset, Iowa, April 3, 1921."Postmaster, Paris, Ky."Will you please tell me if anymembers of the Johnson family livearound your town? My great grandfather's name was Robert Johnson,and his wife's name was JemimaJohnson. They were the parents ofRichard M. Johnson, who was vicepresident of the United States underPresident Martin VanBuren. RobertJohnson was in Kentucky when oldDaniel Boone was there in 1700 andsomething."I am trying to find out some ofmy relatives, if I can. My grandfather Hart married one of RobertJohnson's daughters. Please giveMthis letter published in the best paper in your town, and some of myrelatives may see it and give mesome information."Very truly,"MRS. SARAH NICHOLSON,"Winterset, Iowa."falksever maintained a reputationfor selling the best foodstuffsat prices always fair and reasonable. Every article on theshelves of the four Peebles'stores is backed by the Peebles' guarantee of qualitythe highest standard of qualityin the country.Nothing has been overlookedj in the Peebles' stores thattends to give the utmost ser-'vice, convenience and comfort to our customers.In our Mail Order Department personal attention isgiven eacji order. May wesend our catalog?!JiS5SLKiMARY K. TARRV. PresidentJS-Going to Build?See Our Book of PlansGet Our EstimateLet Us Furnish Your Needs in HighClass Material and ServiceB IHHOSiBifSiBnKH9B mHIm 'BIM KiFin 'rn t iiitiww1 iflTWBHBIBruitinr' MVifm jeCSSk " ?HBOURBON LUMBER CO.(Incorporated)Fourteenth and Main StreetsPARIS. KENTUCKYBoth Phones 1 229 -THIN PEOPLE SHOULDTAKE PHOSPHATESays Nothing Like Plain Argo-Phosphateto Piit On Firm, Solid, StayThere Mesh and Muscle and Increase Strength, Vim, Vigor andNerve Force.Physicians claim there is nothingthat will increase weight, strengthand endurance like organic phosphate; it is inexpensive and is soldby all leading druggists everywhereunder a guarantee to give satisfaction or money refunded. Weaknessand thinness are usually due" to .starved nervQus conditions.Our bodies need more phosphatesthan are (contained in the foods weeat.If you wish a more rounded figureand plump well-developed arms,neck and bust in place of hollowsyou should ''simply take plain argOTphosphate as it builds up and restores run-down nervous conditionsby phosphatizing the system. '(ttransforms the appearance and an increase in weight is often time quickly produced.The increase in weight also aids inimproving the general health. Sleeplessness, nervousness, lack of energyand ambition quickly disappear.Pale checks are changed to rosyones and dull eyes disappear.Miss Lena Brown, of Atlanta, Ga.,who only weighed 90 pounds, reportsthat she gained 10 pounds in twoweeks time and says Argo-Phosphatehas made a different person of herand she has never felt better in herlife.SPECIAL NOTICE Owing to thefact that so many physicians anddruggists are recommending ArgoPhosphate for relieving all nervous,worn-out debilitated conditions andthe unusually large sale for ArgoPhosphate there will be found inthe market numerous substitutes forthe genuine article. All imitationsare inferior preparations and owingto its unsual flesh producing qualities it should not be used by anyiitiIoqc tlipv ilenlre to out onflesh and increase in weight.(adv)o-In Austria, university professorsof 20 years' experience earn 40,000,kronen a year. One kronen is nqwworth .56 of a cent.1I3CBSX!M. PEALE COLLIERSecy.-TreasK!fxSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewKera.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinshave gone to Hot Springs, Ark., fora month's sojourn.Mrs. Amos Turney, Si, has goneto Miwogco Springs, near Milan, Indiana, for treatment.Mrs. M. H. Dailey underwent anoperation recently for appendicitisand is getting along very nicely.Mrs. Harry Meade, of Bloomington, Indiana, is a guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lunceford Talbott. Mrs. Charles Ramsey and littleson, of Charleston, W. Va., are visiting Mrs. R. S. Darnaby, at Clintonville. Among recent visitors in Pariswere Judge and Mrs. Samuel Kirby,of Louisville, who were making a motor tour of the Bluegrass region.Mrs. John P. Bartell has returned to her home in New YorKCity after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Warren Rogers, at -their home nearCane Ridge.Miss Vallette McClintock has returned to her studies at the University of Chicago, after a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Win. G. McClintock, on Pleasant street.Lawrence Lavin has gone toCanada, to join the colony of Bourbon county boys employed for thespring and summer on the E. F.Spears & Sons' wheat and flaxranche, near Houghton, Saskatchewan. Edward F. Simms, of Beaumont,Texas, who has been in Kentuckyinspecting his properties, entertained at Xalapa Farm, near Paris, lastweek in honor .of Rear Admiral Dr.Gray don, of Washington, who wasformerly ex-President Wilson's private physician. Dr. Graydon hadbeen in Kentucky looking over thestock farms.(Other Personals on Page 5). QUKGES APEEL 18-22 AS "CLEANUP-DAYS"- .Declaring that a large part of thefire waste of the country is directlydue to untidy conditions, J. Al Steltenkamp, Chief Deputy Auditor incharge of the Department of FirePrevention and Rates in the office ofJ. J. Craig, State Auditor, has issueda special appeal to Kentuckians toobserve "Clean-up" wee: pnl Sto 22. -Citizens are urged to disposeof the winter's accumulation of papers, old furniture, rags and rubbishand valueless materials.. The pleaespecially urges that the attics ofhomes be cleaned out. Public andprivate institutions are urged to havetheir buildings carefully inspected,during the week and any changespossible made looking to the prevention of fires and insuring the safetyof occupants. Local authorities areurged to give special attention tobetter building regulations and fireprevention.. 0HUGE MASTODON TUSK FOUNDNEAR LUDLOWA gigantic tusk of a mastodon, orother prehistoric animal, was unpartheri recentlv at Ludlow. Ky. Thediscovery was made by workmen engaged in excavating along the Southern railroad at Ludlow. The tuskwas found at a depth of thirty-fivefeet buried in a gravel bank. It is sixfeet ten inches long and at thethick end measured six and threequarter inches in diameter. It weighs156 pounds and nine ounces. An animal possessing a pair of tusksweighing more than 300 poundsmust have been of a size hithertoundreamed of. The tusk is believed to be the largest ever unearthed.No other part of the animal wasfound, which indicates that the tuskwas undobutedly washed there andburied in the shifting gravel bed.A smaller tusk was found in the" samebed six years ago and is now in aNew York museum.oLift Off with FingersDoesn't" hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it rlgnt off withfingers. Truly!Your drueeist sells a tir.y bottleof "Preezone" for a few Cenrs, sufficient to remove every hard co-r, soltcorn, or corn between the toes, andh c:. ruses, without soreness or ir-ilatic-u 'sd''-oFrom 1906 to 1920, there were457 earthquakes in the Panama Canalgone. r, '- oA Columbus KO.) clergyman baa'madft a wmsical instrument of ahellacollected from French .battlefield.CORNSV irafIB VOU certainly want toPR Jusave money, and youculd like to haveThen use Calumet If s the' biggest thing ycu can do to improve the quality of yonr bakingsand lower baldcg costs.Cslumet is made in the largest most sanitary Baking PowderFactories in the World. No Baking Powder 9 made under betterconditiona none can be better inquality.It contains only such ingre--dienta as have been officially endorsed by the U. S. Pure FoodAuthorities. An absolute guaran-testhatIt reccWorld'scago ParisFrance posiiivcI rr . mm &I 0 J4, fe &ty m feS 4 LiHR Aw l.vi.i't.i-l i:J. ' iJ.Cw riVVLuV.'., V.Kg caco .rans Lzzcssiicxi, iraii:. hzior merit. f jIt is ttcsa oy ir.cre bonze.- gs ccuVvives and do:re2Jc sdentitc than K Iir Zimany ctacr brana.It is sold at a moderate price.All you have to do is to comparecosts to determine hov? much youcan Gave by buying Calumet.Gluten is the muscle building partMS o iiour wcicn is 01ings use plain flourpowder, (not19How Can the Templin Paint Store SellSuch Good Paints At So Low Prices?We Will Tell You WhyOur overhead expenses are much less than many others vh selLpaint, and we buy our goods in quantity lota and discount our biHs forsame. We share this profit with you.We sell the EAGLE brand of white lead, and ARCHIE BAHIMLSand SPENCER KELLOGUE & SONS pure lineseed oil. Ask your painter if these, are not the very beat of their kind.If it were not so, we would not have as our regular customers such,painters as jROBT. TTJENER,Mcpherson & boota,LUTHER SMITH,SPRAKE.& OWSLEY,0. EEEBACK,A. Z0KNES,And many others who know good paint and where to find it.T&e handling and selling of paint is our business, and we deyott oarentire time and energy to this work, and if you contemplate doing anypainting tWs Spring or Summer, and we can be of any assistance t yoin the way of suggestions as to the best kinds of paints and colonsuitable for either old or new work, or if you should like to have am estimate as to the probable cost of any work in our line, we will be 'pl'etMito have you call by card or phone, and we will be at your service tassist you in any way we can.We carry a full lirie of Paints, Oils and Varnishes In our store aSouth Main Street, near the Bourbon Lumber Co.'s yard's, and can amdWILL save you money if you will give us the opportunity.The Templin Paint and Roofing Co.(aprill-tf-T)iiiiii hi ii 11 1 1 ii 1 1 11 innXSAVETIME. MONEY AND WORRYBy Installing aHome TelephoneCourteous treatment and reasonable terms.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporatedi huhhhihuhhuhhihuiii Hinum imiut'i:XKBourbon::DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4IW-T.7L&&rIIIXIXIXv7..vi3dBMB AMPttk'k diVAKJVKW V I J &M$Q,V- -V-G"T.-. VS11 UT2v?i 1. -rxm&'3n &&&e8.'The Bourbon Laundry- 'Paris, KentuckywppMUfctf&ttr v;5-.Abetter bakings.ITxccsitxcn, Vaiproof cf its superP; Hour, 3 level tea)f r-pooas s-ainmett W cup butter, lcups?.iolksof3eggs.4J b cup ccI3 waler;I Wbiteacf3egg9.1teaspcen orangeextract. Tbeaacxm the TCsaSas wtg.great importance.and good bakingself-rising flour)0. PATTERSON,J. THROCKMORTON,W. S: JOHNSON,RICHARBSON. & HORDEE-G. M. TURNER,JAS. HORTON:11 mini urn HininiHiJ;AX!K!::&Laundry!West Fifh Street7 SATISFACTIONIBnspure. ig. .; Pinre Feed Ebraociiion, Qii- Kj 5 .I$IIESKaanBKoaBnsaamK 3W OUR WATCHWORD!iT.l,,-..y r ments in laundry appliance" . nnJ awaw- tiAlnAMl TTTA"" ai k uCi0 rm -nronaTPrt tn rin xinric mf.t "'-'--- " -" .-W- -.. nor to none, and solicitC your patronage..-!rVr-5SezXRXm nMMIWMppImpMcTUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1921PAGBMCftTHB BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYlost, Strayed or StolenFrom my residence on High street,' Saturday night, a Belgian police dog,poppy, three months old. Finderreturn to undersigned and receivereward.(12-lt) O. T. HINTON.HEDPATHGHATJTATOUAJULY 8-15HEBEDon't Forget It!That we save you at least 50c onevery dollar you spend with us.Just received a beautifulOak Dining Room SetOriginal cost $350.00. You mayhave it now for$160.00BE QUICK!Many other big bargains. Newarrivals coming in daily.BUSY BEE BARGAINEFRED WECKESSER, Prop.Cerntr Second and Main' Sts.Paris, Ky.(apri!12-8t)HSoapSale!7 BarsServ-us Soap25cBuy Early, as We HaveOnly a Few Cases Left.This is the week to buyyourGARDEN SEEDSLogan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Emt"Phones 179Neckwear!We have a wonderful assortment infancy and . plaincolors; very snappy50c$1.00$1.50SpecialQne Lot of Shirts16. 16& 17, 17Formerly $1 and $1.00Now75cPrice & Co.ClothiersFurnishersThe 1921' engagement of the Redpath Chautauqua for Paris is scheduled for July, beginning on July 8,and continuing through to July 15,giving- seven or eight days of .enjoyable platform novelties and specialties. The entertainments "will be givenunder a mammoth tent on the ParisHigh School grounds, on Seventhstreet, with 'ample accommodationsfor a large attendance. The Redpatli people say they will presentduring this engagement one of thebest programs they have in stock, onethat will please' a variety of taste3.In the past the Redpath programshave been unexcelled.The arrangements for the eventwill be completed at a later dilate,full particulars of wiiich will be given to the public through the columnsof the local Dress.MATRIMONIAL.HUTCHISON ROBINSONCarlton Robinspn, prominentyoung business man. of Middlesboro,O., and Miss Lou Hutchison, of nearLittle Rock, were married at the parsonage of t4ie Little Rock Christiaichurch, Rev. Ward Russell, pastorof the church, officiating. Immediately after the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Robinson left for Middletown,where tHey will make their futurehome.&tAGENTS WANTEDSomething entirely new sells atsight. Good profit Fine opportunityfor church workers. Address, Mc-Mahon Jewelry Co., Columbia, Tenn.(adv-lt)WantedBook case in good condition. CallCumberland Phones 558 or 303.(12-2t)Lost WatchIn Paris between Nineteenth streetand Eighth street, a ladies, goldwrist watch, Rockland jmake, linkbracelet; gentleman's photo on insideof case, and initials "N. B. S. fromH. C. J." engraved on back. Reward for return to this office. (It)Early Vegetable PlantsFor Sale .Cauliflower, cabbage, tomatoes,pepper, hot and sweet, also scarletsage and caster plants, fine lot tomato plants, Chalk's Early Jewel, Eaulina, extra early special, Stone, Ponderosa, Acme, Ten Ton, New YorkYork Beauty, all about ready tobloom.Buy your plants fresh from the bedand your success is assured. Oneand one-half blocks from car line.JOE LAVIN,332 W. Eighth St. Paris, Ky.HARDY EARLE.A marriage which will prove ofinterest to numerous friends here,was that of J. Lin Hardy, of Maricopa, Cali., and Miss Lutie MaeEarle, of Berry, which took place inCincinnati, very recently.The happy event was celebrated atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. R. B.Thompson, in Cincinnati, the bridebeing a sister of Mrs. Thompson.The cerepiony was performed byRev. Miller, a Methodist minister ofCincinnati. The bride's father attended the wedding.Mrs. Hardy is a daughter of Dr.and Mrs. H. M. Earle, of Berry, andis a lovely and attractive young woman, who will make a worthy helpmate for the man of her choice. Mr.Hardy, who formerly resided inParis, is an excellent young man,now engaged in the oil business inCalifornia.The young people will be "AtHome" at Maricopa, Cali., after April15.. They are followed by the bestwishes of their Paris friends, whotrust their lives may be as full ofbrightness and sunshine as is -Cali-forna'sdelightful climate.PROCLAMATION BY THE MAYORGuaranteed EggsS. C. WHITE LEGHORNS,WHITE WYAND0TTES$1.50 per 15 or $8.00 per hundred,postpaid. Money refunded for eggscandling clear on seventh day andreturned to us prepaid. Our flocksrepresent prize winning trap nestedstrains. Ask for spring sale circu-BOURBON CONSOLIDATED FARMS,Millersburg, Ky.Cumberland Phones, 25 and 46.(aprill2-tf)The Pride of Paris5A SPECIAL SALEwg1&vCoatsSuitsHDressesOUR MR. MILNER HAS JUST RETURNED FROMNEW YORK. WHILE THERE ,HE SECURED SOMEHITHERTO UNHEARD OF VALUES. IN THIS SALE( WE HAVE PUT EXCEPTIONALLY LOW PRICES ONALL READY-TO-WEARNow is Your OpportunityBury Your Spring and Summer Wearat Low PricesSUITS$19.95 to $79.50DRESSES$12.95 to $59.50Special SalePIANOS, PLAYERS AND TALKINGMACHINES1 Used Organ, $40.00.1 Used Mahogany Upright Piano,$125.00.1 Used Mahogany Piano, 150.00.1 Used Player Piano, ?400.00.1 New Player Piano $600.00.1 New Player Piano, $775.00.Talking Machines, $90.00 and up.Cash or convenient terms may bearranged. We also do tuning andrepairing.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,226, Main St., Wilson Building,(Upstairs.)J. B. Geis, Representative.Cumb. Phone 201.(tf-T)Apropos of the announcement madein another column in this issue ofTHE NEWS, Mayor E. B. Januaryhas issued the following proclamation calling on the citizens of Paristo observe "Cleaning-Up-Week" theweek of April 18-23:'City of Paris, Ky.,"April 12, 1921."Know all men by these present:That, whereas clean-up campaignshave resulted in many advantagesto the city and community, in safeguarding health, promoting thrift,in furthering fire prevention, instimulating civic pride, and in making home and city beautiful; Now,therefore,"Be it known that plans have beenperfected for a thorough clean-upof our city, and I now proclaim anildesignate the week beginning Monday, April 18 and ending Saturday,April 23, 1921, as Clean-Up Week inthe city of Paris, Ky. This date tomark the opening of a real campaignof persistent and constructive effortin cleaning up and keeping clean ourcity."I urge all citizens to have thetrash and rubbish, such as ashes, tincans, and all other kinds of rubbishplaced on the streets (but no wood,papers or limbs, as we will not haulthese away) on Monday and Tuesday,April 18 and 19, as our wagons willbegin to haul Wednesday, April 20,and continue until all such are hauled. The 'wagons will not return forany such rubbish or trash that isnot on the street when they passthat way."I further urge every citizen ofParis to do his or her part in helpingto make our city healthy and beautiful. "E. B. JANUARY, Mayor."oHEALTH BOARD NOTICEGRIN NELL'SDry CleaningEstablishment isAlways busy forThe simple reasonThat they do goodWork, please theirCustomers, are courteousAnd guaranteeSATISFACTIONDon't forget that lastSpring's suit canBe made as good asNew-if you willJust let 'GRINMELLHave a shot at it.Ladies' delicateWaists and dresses canBe made to look likeNew if you will onlyLetGRINNELLHave a chance to proveThat it can beDone, and done inA manner that willPlease you atGrinnell's Dry Cleaning Shop.Home Phone 278 ; E. T. 79(12arillmo)IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THATALL PREMISES WITHIN THECORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITYBE PUT IN GOOD SANITARY CONDITION WITHIN TEE NEXT TENDAYS. THIS ORDER INCLUDESTHE REMOVAL 0E RUBBISH OFALL KINDS. DO NOT DUMP GARBAGE', EITHER ANIMAL OR VEGETABLE UPON THE CITY DUMP.REMOVE ALL HOGS FROM WITHIN THE CITY. THIS INCLUDESPIGS.A. H. KELLER, C. H. 0.(12-4t)INVESTIGATING DR. WEBERThe Danville Advocate says that "ajmember of the State Board of Healthwas in T)anville this week investlgetting the work done there by J. W.Weber, the foot specialist. Thequestion of granting Dr. Weber Statelicense is up for consideration. Dr.Weber is now located at Paris andpractices in that town, Cynthianaand Winchester.' He left Danvilleabout a year and a half ago."Dr. Weber has not been in Parisfor several weeks. The last heardfrom him was to the effect that hewould resume his work here in Max.oMALE HELP WANTED.Get busy! Keep busy J Is yourjob unsafe? Is it permanent? Youwant a life-long business. You canget into such business selling morethan 137 Watkins Products direct tofarmers if you own an auto or teamor can get one; if you are under 50and can give bond with personalsureties. We back you with big selling helps. Fifty-two years in business, 20,000,000 users of our products. Write for information whereyou can get territory .J. R. WATKINS -CO.,Dnartment 111, Winona, Minn,(S-4tT)COATS$14.95 to $65.00Millinery Children's WearAt Special Sale PricesDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KY.There is Genuine SatisfactionIn Having Your Clothes Come From-WALSH'SOur one aim when you come in our store to buy clothes is that you getsatisfaction in style, fit and quality. And! our clothes are so made and sold thatyou get just what we represent.The popular styles this season are to he found here in single and doublebreasted models in one, two or three buttons New plaid and check effects,piain cuiurs aiiu lautp pattern arc; ucic iu auuuuauvc.We can't say too much for the values, as every suit is priced below its worth.$20.00 to $55.00Get Under One of the New Knox orCrofutt & Knapp HatsFor SpringYou will enjoy wearing one of these Hats, as the shapes and styles are new.Low crowns and narrow bairns are featured strong in new color tones of tan,green, brown and greys.Priced Right, Too$7.50 to $10.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.it-mii!,.'? T-.707v- v.its frrVf JTUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1921i nunTHE BOURBON NEWS, FAKI3, KfiNTOCXPAGE FIV-'!-l"j1FJ,,'3iW.,4sife-j- :mft'J. VI-ti1;i.5vpfrJf?fJi..Ax&&&v.&z;y?r CrFOR THE BESTNOTHING F! c-rSOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.WE WANT YOUR EGGSBring us your eggs. Highestcash or trade price paid. We can'tbuy too many.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o -ANOTHER AMTOUICEMENTIn this issue appears the announcement of J. W. Brown, of Pari'?,as a condidate for the office of PoliceJudge of Paris. Mr. Brown will makean active canvass of the city andpresent-his claims to the voters.oKEW AUTO OWNERJohn Merringer, the Paris plumber,has added a Jteo touring car to hismotor equipment. John is arranging c summer schedule for Sundays,despite the threatened "Blue Law"Sunday campaign, with Bob Porter,of the Lexington Leader, and Charley Fithian, of the L. & N., as firstclass passengers.oGOING TO EUROPEComingsand Goings of Ourpeople Here, There andElsewhere.EDITOR JAMES M. ALLEN ONBILLY SUNDAYMiss Artie Ashbrook, of Lexington,sister of Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, ofParis, applied Saturday to the officeof Deputy U. S. Clerk Spencer Finneil, in Lexington, for a passport' toEngland, France, Belgium, Switzerland, Italy and Holland. She expects to leave about June 11 to spendthree months abroad in travel andrecreation.LATIN CONTESTANTSFollowing an examination betweenthe Seniors and Juniors of the ParisHigh School, the following wereselected as delegates to attend theIndiana-Kentucky Bi-State Latinchampionship contest, to be held inLouisville, on Friday, April 15: MissJesephine Ewalt and Miss VirginiaHancock; alternates, Miss GilbertLavin and Miss Margaret Hill. Thecontest will be held under the auspices of the Louisville Boys' HighSchool.oFAEKERS, DO YOU WAST TOSAVE MONEY?,We will save you pnoney on plows,cutting and drag harrows, plowpoints, for Vulcan, Oliver and Syracuse plows. See us and get the bestat the lowest price.(12-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.SECUEES NATIONAL OFFICER TOt SPEAK HEREThe Bourbon County Farm BureauIs planning a banquet to jmembersand friends of the organization, tobe given in the Masonic Temple, inthis city on the night of April 30.At a recent meeting of the Executive Board of the Bureau, President."Walter S. Meng reported that he hadsecured R. J. Harrod, of Chicago,National President of the American.Farm Bureau Federation, to deliverthe principal address at the banquet.Invitations are being prepared forissuance to the members of the Bureau and their friends.Mrs. Sallie McMillan has returned from a winter's stav in Floridaand South Carolina.Mr. and Mrs. James Hayes, ofLivingston, are guests of their daughter, Mrs. Ed. Quinn, on Fergusonstreet.Mrs. Emmett M. Dickson is critically ill at her honie on Stoner avenue. Two trained nurses are in attendance. 'Mr. and Mrs. John Markland andchildren have returned from a visitto Mr. Markland's parents, Mr. andMrs. Nathan Markland, in Owingsville. ,Reports from the bedside ofSherman H. Stivers, of Paris, who iscritically ill in Lexington, say hedoes not improve, and that physicians hold out no hope or recovery.Rev. Kendall and his revivalsinger, Lon D. Parker, who are conducting a revival at the Methodistchurch, in Millersbufg, were visitorsat the Baptist revival in this citySaturday."Major" Ambrose Wagers, prominent stockman, gave a three-courseluncheon at the Sweet Shop, Saturday night to the Bourbon CountyRoad Commissioners and a numberof invited friends.Mrs. Louis Rogers entertainedat her home near Paris, Saturday afternoon with a linen shower in honorof Miss Margaret Allen, of Millersburg, whose marriage to Bryan McMurtry, of Cynthiana, will occur inthe near future.Dr. and Mrs. William Ware, ofDanville, are guests of" Mrs. AliceYvrare, in this city. They are delighted with their new home, having metso many of the good people of Danville. They will return home aboutWednesday.Mrs. George W. Wagoner entertained the Woman's Missionary S6'ciety of' the Clintonville Christianchurch at her home near Paris. Fournew members were received. At theconclusion of the program refreshments were served.Earl Swearengen returned Sunday-froma visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. E. Swearengen, at Carthage, Ohio. Mr. and Mrs. Swearengen are making preparations formoving from Carthage to Dayton, O.,on account of better facilities there.Mr. Swearengen will move his entirestable of trotters to Dayton, wherehe will continue training and campaigning them.Mrs. A. A. Barclay, who t hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for two years, recentlycelebrated her eighty-ninth birthdayat the institution. She was the recipient of many tokens of remembrance from friends and relatives.She contains full control of her mental faculties and was as happy onthis occasion as a young woman.Editor James M. Allen, of theCynthiana Democrat, was one of theinterested audience who heard BillySunday at Paris Monday. In Mr.Allen's comments in the naner appear the following:"A strange thing happened atlast week. Sunday capie on Monday. "Billy Sunday said at Paris if thepresent rate of insanity is maintained, in 275 years the whole UnitedStates will be 'bug house.'"Billy Sunday's avowal, at Paris,Monday, that the Blue Grass sectionis the most beautiful country he hadseen from Maine to California senta thrill of pride through every Kentuckian who heard him, knowing aswe do that we have done our best topreserve the natural beauty of ourbeloved section bycutting down itsmagnificent forest trees and plowingup its velvety sod to make room fortobacco."TEACHERS HOLD IMPORTANTMEETING SATURDAY.The regular monthly meeting jfthe teachers of the' Bourbon countypublic schools was Nheld Saturdaymorning at the court house, with anunusually large attendance, everyteacher in the county being present.County School Superintendent J. B.Caywood presided.The meeting voted one hundreJper cent, membership in the Kentucky Educational Association, including teachers, members of theCounty Board -of Education, CountySuperintendent and Attention Officer. - Mr. Mbffett announced that medals would be ready at the end of theschool year for children having thehighest averages in attendance, deportment and scholarship. The teachers were urged to present their annual reports and attendance reportsnot later than ten days after theschool close. The teachers petitioned the Board to continue the schoolsfor nine months, inasmuch a"s therewere sufficient funds available forthe extra month.oCAPTURES WEB FOOT LOONV , vAPRILBRINGS SHOWERSEXTRA VALUES FOR MENMASTER COMMISSIONER'S SALESAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold itthe court house door in this city,Saturday, for Master Commissioner0. T. Hinton,-the following property:A cottage located on Fithian avenue,occupied by R. L. Bramblette, be-;longing to the estate of the late Char,.R. Turner, to Mrs. Mary Walker,for $2,850; a cottage on the samestreet, occupied by H. H. Floyd, toMrs. Mary Walker, for ? 2,809; vacant lot adjoining the above property, to Mrs. Mary Walker, for ?250;another vacant lot in the same vicinity, to L. D. Harris, for $302.pSECOND TRIAL OF FORCIBLE DETAINER CASE.The second trial of the forcibledetainer case of Mrs. Nellie S. Highland against Henry Mitchell, washeM in the' County Court, Saturdayafternoon, before Judge George Batterton. The trial resulted in thejury disagreeing, standing four totwo for the plaintiff.In a previous trial the jury couldnot agree on a verdict, standing fourto two for an acquittal. The casewill be given another hearing beforea jory in the County Court, probablythis morning, when perhaps the oldmaxim may be realized, "Third timeis a CEarm."Edwin K. Thomas, son of HonClaude M. Thomas, has gone toPrairieville, Alabama, where he willengage in farming on a three hundred acre tract of land. Mr. Thomaswas recently graduated from CenterCollege, at Danville. He is one ofthe most likeable young men inBourbon county and his departure isa matter of sincere regret to a largecircle of friends.(Other Personals on Page 5)COUNTY VISITED BY RAIN, SLEETAND SNOW.A web-footed loon, migrating fromthe soft winds of the South to itsnative habitat, the lokes of Michiganand Wisconsin, was found in a stunned condition on the pike betweenParis and Millersburg by RobertTurner, of Paris. The bird was unable to fly, but when Turner attempted to pick it up his wrist wasbadly scratched. The bird was placed in a tub of water at Turner &Clayton's grocery, where it soon revived and screeched loud enough tobe heard for sojrae distance away.The noise is said to indicate that thebird was recovering from its mysterious shock. It was surmised thatthe bird encountered a wind storm onits journey, and was carried out ofits course.oMR. MULLEN REPRESENTEDLOUIS WOLLSTEIN STOREIn the write-up of the SpringStyle Show in THE NEWS of Friday, Mr. Mullen was mentioned asrepresenting The Leader. This wasan error, unintentional, as a matterof course, as Mr. Mullen representedLouis Wollstein, clothing store, inthe display of men's wear. This explanation is made for the benefit ofall parties concerned.nAGENTS WANTEDWe have bought merchandise of high caliber, butwithin the reach of all. Take a look at ourSuper-Value Suits$12.00 to $37.50An inviting stock of Hats, Caps, Shoes, Underwear,priced so you can buy them.Complete stock of Boys' Wearing Apparel and also alarge line of Trunks and Suit Cases.For a Limited Time We are Offering a Pair ofEXTRA TROUSERS FREEWith Suits Made to Order. Prices $25 to $55.Choice of 640 PatternsLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home55 Call Our Store "Home"tvsNiVxvvyyflavwsAiav vW YA& friW WfJVWrvWrWteSt fflgft JiTftflIWK Villi WP ViW WW wui ro imp war. iw rt' ittf inejyvjur JMLtui.WWTrsrwfovfl1 -JW a iFollowing in the wake of the coldrain, sleet and snow flurry of Sunday,another severe freeze, accompaniedby a killing frost, visited this section Sunday night, and it is believedby those in a position to know, badlydamaged the fruit which escapeddamage from the freeze of March 23.At that time practically all theearly fruit which had advanced tothe blossoming stage, such as peaches, pears, apples, cherries, early apples, grapes, and some early gardentruck, were badly damaged, in factthe opening huds, in many cases,were so badly frozen that they fellfrom the trees. Since then the fruitonH liPrHps which escaped have under the warpi sun of the past weekbeen considerably advanced, and it isfeared that they have received agreat setback, if not seriously damaged from Sunday night's freezewhen the temperature dropped to 26Glce a quarter of an inch thickformed on water in exposed places,irees o.u.kxSellducts!Soaps,Agentthe genuine Watkins ProMedicines, Extracts, Spice?,etc. Lady or gentleman.wanted for Paris and othervacant cities. All or spare time.Particulars and sample free. Writeto-day.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.63 Memphis, Tenn.(5-4tT)THE OHIO TUECVacuum CleanerSIMMS HAnraft STABLE" ABSIVEST VATTTflTTTtTT . .1 flnTTTDTC 1 ftaVCS OULi L,UUloviiiixEi. u.uu. " , - -.rpe-etationbushes and practically all yegetanonThe Xalapa Farm stable of Ed-1 sniveled under the sun's rays yes'ward F. Simms, of Paris, which has ' terday morning. Snow and sleet,been wintering at Hot Springs, Ark., j flurrjes made the day an extremelyarrived at Louisville, Sunday, and I disagreeable one.are noyr quartered at Churchill I -"- " wnmpDowns track. The stable comprises IX)CAI K. OF C. TO GIVE riL-NlOLeonardo n, Bon Homme, Mulchiber 1 ' - ir-Titq ofand Despair: Atthepresenttime.it P. I-McCarthy Council, Knights ofappears as if Eon Homme will share Columbus, 01 i-ara, uvC - - jthe burden with Leonardo in an ef- jdate, Monday, July 4. on whicn uwyort to nut victory on the Simms ban- will hold their annual Pc ana cw ,ner in the Kentucky Derby. ! ebration. The event wiU he fea uWhile the Simms establishment is d by a general all-round eooa -.generally recognized as being a Mnsic will be furnished bv tje .,v. x t ?xrJo; ,; t a f.nm tiiP fHd Fellows "one ls simply because most of its racing iyington. Due notice -aa been done in that section. The through the Paris P ,Vn-.Y w ' yf-. jt' ---- . - r,vvythe Xalapa Farm of Mr. Simms,the event that one o them' 1 in the rich KentU"kr' to mt7. will "be ' & plki T'r,cfc acrable claim loathe Ttetory.A Blue SuitSuit for boysat $12.50 seemslike gettingback to oldpre-war pricesand it isa fact forthese suits are justthe same goodquality younaturally expectto find here.Other Sergesat $15, $17.50 'and $20.Save Workand Worryby using a goodVacuumCleanerThe TuecDon't sweep thedust out of theRug to the top ofthe Piano andwipe it off of thePiano back ontothe Rug-take itout of the housewithThe Tuec. IJ .iVkn'Tl "IS .1go iPr not yet dereirn"is sue- Grche, nr Tn ' r V, -ClMWlC rMtt Tnf .r ,rnCL s;.'5w3t. v- e1 t Central -H'VV1 1. vA' - -1 'leiWe're Showing ALine of Wallpaper and Rugsthat would be a credit to any large city andour prices are rightIf it comesfrom Dacvisii is ridKt'-luColumbia Grafonolas at Greatly Reduced P"ces. In theColumbS you get the BEST machine made for the LEASTmoney. All 10-inch Blue Label Records, 85c.THEJ.T.eiNTOJNCO.SIXTH AND MAINc.Tuco.unNr u PARIS, KENTUCKY; Motor Hearso-Udctor Invalid Coach-UndortakhiET jBDWm-H 4H -HiPtEst ,r "Ess '1 -1m '3sXitiAV'v'Ir fmnTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KKNTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1921WATCHTHE BIG 4Siopzach-Kjdneys-Heart-LiverKeep the vital organs healthy loyregularly taking the world's standard remedy for kidney, liver,Wadder and uric acid troublesCOLD MEDAL'The National Remedy of Holland forcenturies and endorsed by Queen Wilhelmina. At all druggists, three sizes.Look for die name Gold Medal on orry boxnd accept no imitatioaKnowledge Equalizes.It is knowledge that equalizes theSocial condition of man that gives toall, however different their politicalposition, passions which are in common, .and enjoyments which are universal. Lord Beaconafield.oSixteen different operations areperformed by one press in printingthe ordinary waybill.es it canbe dyedorcleanedThat last year's suit ordross can bo mads toappear like new. Sendit parcel post to-day.Swiss Cleaners & DyersSOS Sth St. Loufeviffe, Ky.KEEP THEKIDNEYS WELLHealth. Is Worth Saving, and SomeParis People Know How toSave It.mMany Paris people take their livestheir hands by neglecting thekidneys when they know these organs need help. Weak kidneys areresponsible for a vast amount of suffering and ill health the slightestdelay is dangerous. Use Doan's Kidney Pills a remedy that has helpedthousands of kidney sufferers. Hereis a Paris citizen's recommendation.George McCandles, Second Street,gave the- following statement January 17, 1912: "It is sometime sinceI have had occasion to take Doan'sKidney Pills. When I have used Doan's they gave me complete relief,which has proven permanent. Mykidneys were inactive and I hadbackaches. The use of Doan's Kidney Pills put a stop to all the'trouble."On November 12, 1920, Mr. McCandles said: "I don't know of anyrqmedy I can recommend more -highlythan Doan's Kidney Pills and Igladly confirm the statement I gavemany years ago when I recommendedthem. All I said at that time 'stillholds good."Pripp fiftn. at. all dealers. Don'tI simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Airing the Babies.At an infants' home In Bedford4,Bng., the babies a:e loaded into cartlike perambulators for their afternoonairing, each little vehicle holding sixand being in charge of one nurse.In theory, an article lost in thewash is valued by the laundry as 22times the cost of washing and ironing it.gil, "Wl. . - iv" :':f'i;i;i io'i jf ii linn n ni 111111111111 ilil IIH I M II lllllJIIIli I Mil 1 1 1 1 II Hi HI itniu 1 1 i i iitiiuuni I1J II II LI'U i7SWilliam K. Hagan G ybNARCHITECT." - ENqiNEER.yPAtiy, Ky.FIR..-T NATIONAL- BANKIlliiMMhDH-iIn response to the incruiry of many telephonesubscrioers: "What can I do to help my senKtr tnis sAvsrtsemen$ is published.xy Ffrm.Curiosity Calls"Hamper Servicex oKtT36J'"Wfiere's tfie fire?"f(Who was elected?"" What's the score ?" arethe most frequent "curiosity calls."Whether they are asked of your operator, the Information operator or the newspaper office, they congest the lines andhamper the work of the operators.After every fire alarm, every sportingevent and every election, the switchboards. are ablaze with "curiosity calls."The operators cannot tell one call fromanother and often they are blamed for a'condition over which they have no control?Frequently a call for a doctor or a hospital is overwhelmed by these idle calls andreal suffering results.Those who refrain from making curiosity calls" help the general service of thecommunity and their thoughtfulness is.appreciated by the operators.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEA1STD TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedvWE HAVE ON DISPLand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finished(Granite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO;7t . PARIS, KENTUCKY1 JHO1T0E ROIL PAHIS CITY SCHOOLSEVENTH MONTHGRADE I.Anna Duke Woodford 95, EdnaWorth ington 94, Raymond Terry 92,Russell Sjtnart 95, Virrillious Quisen-.berry 93, Jessie McDonald 93, WillieWhitney Estes 94, Dorothy Herrington 91, Richard Florence 96, StellaErvin 94, Sterling Dickey 94, Chas.Childers 92, Carolyn Busli 95, FayArdery 95, Ethel Blackwell 92, Everett Courtney 90, Robert English 91,Mora Belle Harney 93, Francis Parsons 95, Lucy Sprake 95, Edgar Herrington 94, Alfred Sanders 96, Leslie Sanders 96, Ellen Snapp 92, William Leach 93, Rebert Rankin 90,Gladys Wells 94, Hazel Farris 92,Rebecca Arnold 94; Marjorie Biddle93, Richard Wills 94, Dorcas-Williams 93, John Smits 95, Gladys Rion96, Lucretia Pendleton 93, Klair Martin 90, Naomi Isgrig 96, HenryGaitskill 94, Blanche Friedman 96,Beatrice Eaton 95, Yetta Dotson 96,Mary Elizabeth Case 90, Ray Adams92, Phil Ardery 97, Luther Chappell9 5, 'Allen Case 95, Marvin Frye 95,Earl Jarrett 93, Octavia.Fielden 90,Burton Mann 97, Claude Harding 97,Raymond Reffett 93, Karl Lusk 96,Houston McCord 96, Dudley Plummer 94, Virgil Speakes 93, MagdaleneAmburgy 93, Francis Dillon 93, Mildred Snell 95, Florence Adams.Teachers Mrs. Harris, MissesLilleslon and Layton.GRADE II.Dorothy Fenwick 94, CrichtonComer 91, Ruth Watson 94, EdithPatrick 92, George Davis Swearingen 90, Frances Margolen 93, Walter S. Cain j Jr., 91, Dorothy MayBiddle 93, Tommie Miller Rowland90 Julian McCord 93, Naomi Cavanaugh 94, Christine Watson 93 Thos.Reffett 93, Anna Bruce Douglas 90,Othur Cottingham 93, Edna Evans91, Mary Templin Faulkner 92, Pauline Douglas 90, Ruth Parrent 91,Michael Prather 91, MargaretThompson 91, Dorotha Biddle 90, Elmeta King 91, Naomi Hutchison 92,Vernor Cottingham 91, ElizabethTurner 90, Amos Turney Taylor 93,Alice Rankin 93, Rena Rankin 95,Nancie Rankin 95,Lorene Paplin 92,Ernestine Eads 97, Raymond Dotson90, Jack Helburn 94, Alice Dotson94, Elizabeth Soper 96, John Lockhart Davis 96, H. L. Clarke 91, Francis Collier 9, John Lewis Childers95, Mary Burns 90, Albert Adair 94,Elizabeth Greene 94, Lowell Jackson 95, Nancy Kiser 94, Billy Longo90, Joe May 92, Hazel Powell 94.Teachers Misses Whaley and Talbott. GRADE nLVirginia Payne 90, William Huffman 90, William Dennison 90, MillerArnold 90, Robert Gaitskill 91, Margaret Crawford 91, Winifred Boatright 91, Josephine Ardery 91, Thos.Bratton 92, Grace Amburgy 92. Bernard Dodson 93, Thetona Landis as.A. L. Slicer 94, Dorothy Lilleston 94,James Wilson 95, Virginia Smelser96, Helen Robinson 96, Mae Parker96, Elaine Smith 96, Edna Sousley96, Clemmia Mann 96, Mary BessColumbia 96, Elmer Curtis 97, IsabelIsgrigg 97, Ben Bedford 98.' JnhAllen 93, Winston Ardery 93, Lula.Bucnanan 94, Laura Craft 92, Chester Dotson 90, Irvine Ewalt'94 Reward Floyd 94, Estelle Florence 95,Pearlie Mae Faulk 92, Ruby Hogan95, Dorothy Lawson 96, WilliamQuinn 92, Robert Shelton 90. m.beth Worthington 96, Sallie More-land 93, Bourbon McCarty 92.Teachers Miss Purnell and Mrs.Stone.GRADE IV.Daisy Parkej; 91, Ned Brent 95,Bayless Morrison 92, William Ardery95, Kenneth Caldwell 90, FrancesBowling 90, Hazel Buchanan 97,Anna T. Parrent 92, James Morrison95, Anna K. Savage 96, Elon Tucker91, Elsey Tucker 92, Eva Roberts 91,Harry Lancaster 96, Prentice Burton 95, Dorothy McCord 94, Carolyn Reading 94, Nancy Henry 90,Lucille Christman 90, Minnie Johnson 90, Lawrence Mullin 96, EdnaEarl Runijmans 95, Hazel Bryan 93,Bessie V. Mitchell 93, Sidney Redmon 93, Mary Forman Varden 93.Katie Lee Sanders 93, Vivian Lan-des 92, Bonnie Perkins 92, RuthBowles 91, Louise Slicer 91. NanwBaldwin 90, Ethel Fightmaster 90,iunzaneth Hinton 90, Lucy Maxey90, Allen Smith -90.Teachers Misses Brannon nTaylor.GRADE V.Gertrude Day 97, Elizabeth Whitley 97, Vivian Smith 96, Jessie Herrin 96, James Case 95, Katie Irvin95, Elizabeth Douglass 94, SallieGordon 94, Florence McCarty 93,Thomas Hubbard 92, William Marshall 92, Marica Rowland 91, AlmaNeal 90, William Talbott 90, Dorothy Thomas 90, Eleanor Isgrigg 95,Martha Hall 95.GRADE VI.John Brannon 92, Cromwell Cleveland' 90, James Collier 90, HazelOombie 92, Sarah Elvove 93. KadvlEIvove 98. Rosalie Friedman' q?Edna Gardner 94, Nancy Gordon 93Arthur Hancock 94, H. B. Hill 9-Noah Spears Hinton 91, Elsie Hogan93, Nancy Hornback 91, Susan-LoganHoward 96, Jessie Irvine 97, T.J. Judy 91, Harriet Kerslake '96,Leila Kiser 90, Hazel Maxey 90,Jewell Maxey 93, Sara Mae Patter-json 94, Pauline Rankin 93, WendellReading 90, James Reading 91,Bryan Redmon 97, Howard Rees 94,Edwin K. Rice 93, William Sauer 93,Edward Templin 90, Elizabeth Watson 93, Lucy Westerfield 93.Teachers Miss Clark, Miss Farrell. GRADES Vn AND'ymMary Mafcer i3, Alma Collins 4.Roberta Adorns 95, Dorothy Jfrye fg,Ruth Fox 96, Francis Taylor 94,Nellie Quinn 92, Lilly Burns 92,Robert Harris 91, Evelyn Allen 91,Emogene Alexander 90, Harry Baldwin 92, Edith Bowles 93, Wm. Bowling 95, Alice Burton 98, Rebecca ICollier 97, Loula Christman 97, Dudley Deaver 98, W,m. Hinton 95, Everett Hall 92, Wm. Lair 93, PearlLongo 92, Elsie Morrison 95, Louise tPatterson 92, Dorothy Pepper 95,Maria Payne 94, Helen Roberts 92,Mary Spears 97, Gertrude Smelzer98, Anne Cay wood Talbott 99, JoeVarden 95, Wm. Yerkes 95, Wm.Wilson 91, Lucille Wills 91, LucyWilliams 91, Ida Lee Wheeler 93,Walter Collins 91.Teachers Misses Ammermon andRanson, Mrs. Fishback.SL swear!1 . TOBACCO"No-To-Bac" has Helped thousandsto break the costly, nerve-shatteringtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigarette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be completely broken, and you are betteroff mentally, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. Get a box ofNo-To-Bac and if it doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question.oWreck-Fish Well Named.The wreck-fish is one of the inhabitants of the seas with peculiar habits,getting its name because it may usually be found floating about a wreck orloose timbers in the South seas. It isclosely related to the stone bass ofEnglish waters.chJhere's More thanFkoorTany foods, while pleasing to taste, containbut little nourishment.GrapeNutscombines withits rich, sweetflavor the full nutrimentof wheat and malted barleywhich makes it an ideal food .It has been the favoritexeady-to-eat cereal fora Quarter of a centuryffieresalfeasoRThe camel's foot is like a softcushion, peculiarly well adapted tothe gravel and stones over which itis constantly walking.A Popular PlaceTo EatSpecial DinnersEvery Day and ' Especially onSunday, Both Noon and at SixO'clock.Special Rates Bythe Week for Regular hoarders.trT--ff!Z5SS"Made yBostum. Cereal Company Lac.Battle Creek, Michigan.L"""" I''s'lrsSBBSn if Ih31 Kir i. ijrr3MAKEmElS.awggusssgg'avs-ggs'y;;R13fJl.I5S3 nTHEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other toysleft over from the holidays.LetUs Demonstrate . the Golden -ThroatedClaxtonola. Plays ,Any Record.IT. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEA nice home place home cooking and home treaxment.1 ELLIS TEAROOMUsOpposite Court House,ilAliiAllA"iS. P. MOHNEY IChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISI II M II I II I II I HI 1 1 1 1 1 III IGOALIf Your GroundIs HardAnd you are getting behind withyour workRememberwe can get you through with aFordsoniI have opened a coal yard near'the Wilson Seed Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burns jup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5! 50Steam Coal $5.50Heating Stove Coal $5.50W.J. HOWARDMiner and Skipper of CoalEactf Bmtttodt a nd Park, Ky.Homo PIimm IISRUGGLESwm qI 11 inimf..', '.j.j..t..t yy ..... in f f-f . lllllliiiiGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKER'Distinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONES(NightIV139iITUBBDAY, APRIL 12, Iff!thii bourbon vmm paris, raetrtjcKis'Aii1 -i&1- 44PAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.Tht Best Goods at theBest Prices.Set Us Before You Buy.VARDEN I SONDruggists Both PhonesMrs, Reifenstein, Aged67, Gains 25 PoundsiDeclares She Would Like To Put aBottle of Tanlac In the Hands ofEvery Sick Man, Woman andChild In This Country NeverSaw Its Equal. . 'Just History' Tn 76The Colonial SameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She srreeted her questsBy Coal Oil light."I am sixty-seven years of age, butin all my experience I have nevt-vknown a medicine like Tanlac. Thinkof it! At my age to gain twenty-fivepounds in weight, but that is justwhat I have done," said Mrs. EmmaReifenstein, of No. 337 Webster avenue, Syracuse, N. Y."If I had it in my power," she continued, "I would put a bottle of Tanlac in the home of every sick man,woman and child in tnls country, forI know what this wonderful medicinewould do for them. For almost twoyears I was almost a nervous wreck.I did not dare to leave the house oreven go up town unless my husbandwent with me. I was afraid to evencross the street and had a feeling ofdread all of the time."My stomach was weak and easilyupset. For days at a time I would gowithout solid food. I could not restat night to do any good and felt tiredand worn out all of the tim.e Somedays I could hardly drag myselfacross the room and was so weak andmiserable I was ready to give up."My health is fine now and I eatanything I want and never have atouch ot indigestion. 1 have neverslept better than I do now. My recovery is the talk of our neighborhood, is it was generally believed I( Wr? i siMRS. EMMA REIFENSTEIN,337 Webster Ave., Syracuse, N. Y.could not last but a few weeks longer. This grand medicine has broughtpane health and happiness and I justcan't say enough in its praise."Mr. J. Reifenstein, in commentingon his wife's statement, said: "Yes,her recovery has been a happy surprise to us all. A few weeks ago Ihad no idea she would be able to pullthrough, but now she is in betterhealth than. I have everseen her andthe credit is due to Tanlac. We hav3been married fifty-two years to-day,and I don't believe I have ever seenher looking any better."ANTI-SIIOKES HG-HT BEGOT BY, W. C. T. U.Prnr-randa sent all over thp nmm.try by the National Woman's Chris- !wan Temperance Union advises members thus:"Create public sentiment againstgirls and women selling tobacco inhotels, railway stations, theatre lobbies and elsewhere."Petition colleges and clubs tnO T VklA.. . J. J S.uo,uuuu enieriainmems Known assmokers."Smoking in hotels and restaurants is objectionable to many, in atactful way protest to the ownersagainst the custom."Request your State Board ofHealth to forbid smoking in marketsand stores where foodstuffs are sold.IS impossible to get a State law, worKfor a city ordinance."Ask for a local ordinance forbidding smoking in polling and votingplaces."A card sent out reads: "Can aman smoke and request the rights ofothers? Smokers should consumetheir own smoke." Another reads:"Pure Air. Pure Air For Dogs.Pure Air For Children." At a dogshow held in a large city this postedin conspicuous places: "Smoking NotAllowed. It Hurts Dogs." If tobaccoit bad for dogs, is it not equally badfor boys and girls.Some of the evils of Sunday areenumerated as: One hundred andfifty thousand caddies are on thegolf links when they should be atSunday school; thousands of men are.deprived on their day of rest because the public forces them to laboron Sunday; many men and womenare riding about in automobileswhen they should be in church;commercialized amusements aredesecrating the Sabbath for filthygold. Theatres, ball games and soforth, are allowed in many places.oI ' ' nuBO YOB KNOW THATT(LAnd later en,How time does passHer home was lit.By flickering: Gas.Bit the girl of to-dayW3m wants her hoe bright,Tift presses a button.Aid has Electric Light.The fire waste in the UnitedStates amounted to over $330,000,000 for the year 1920?Each week over 1,500 dwellingsare destroyed by fire?Twenty to 25 churches and schoolsare the toll of the fire demon?Over 300 lives are sacrificed?A large percentage of this enormous waste and loss of life in dueto carelessness and the lack ofproper fire prevention methods. Eachindividual can do no greater goodfor all than tokeep eternally preaching the gospel against the useless,the careless, yes, the criminal careless, wastage wrought by the destruction from fire,Paris Gas& Electric Go.(incorporated)Haifa Catarrh MadlciMThotfc who are in a, "run down" conii-Mr-irSlaotice that Catarrh bothwthem much more than when they are inI rood health. This f approves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyInfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE ,te -aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe .body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.-All druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.THRIFT WEEK CAMPAIGN WEEKOF APRIL 24-30.Mrs. C. p. Southgate, of FortThomas, State Chairman for Kentucky Federation of Women's Club,announced Wednesday 'that a thriftcampaign will be conducted duringthe week of April 24 and 30. It willbe a State-wide drive to promotesecurities and War Savings Stamps.Special committees will be appointedfor the congressional districts anaeach locality will arrange programsduring the week, including publicand Sunday schools, also federalclubs.Friend and Book.The first time I read an excellentbook, it i to ne juat as if I hoifamed a new friend ; when I rem oteira boek I kare perveed feeler, it resembles the Meeting with an old one.Oliver Goldsmith.oCeyrtlno a Widow.Don't imagine that yon can avoid acourting stunt by paying attention toa widow. She'll expect as much fussand "ootsy-wootsy" slush as a sixteen-year-oldmaiden. Cincinnati Enquirer.H ium !!rm.r..TBSBwrP-ft jlajKjeH-s-rqjfr -ftOmbUMti, iimtll nmktaptclml effrl teeAfcM' Ekctrtc Oct.This electric! time piecejUJtuAhtmmci Km tnJtgtumflntiafcfi mtnmk.How Cincinnati's' GreatestStore Secured Its TitleISTORY records the deeds of many: great men. Business;"" historyrecords the record of many greatinstitutions. A store may growbig yet never attain greatness.The Mabley & Carew Company have become great because they have always feltthat they owe a duty to the public aboveeverything else.A pleased and satisfied patron in the estimation of this store is far more desirablethan the profit from hundreds of dissatisfied patrons.Tho im of this erreat institution is to sun-ply the public with quality merchandise atthe very .lowest possible prices to satisfyevery customer, to treat every patron as afriend to make every person welcome andhave them feel at home to serve the entirepublic to the best of their ability andtonever permit any concern to undersellquality considered.This friendlyr homey store bids; youwelcome. Visit us when you come to"Cincinnati.CH?CNNT1S GREATEST STOt; FOUftfrCO' f S7CINCINNATI, OH lYDOCTORSU 3. DALL UAKAUCCor. Fourth and Pleasant St .Mr. Farmer:it's mm mHave You a GenuineVULCAN PLOW?If not you are not prepared to plow right. Wehave a big line of the REAL, GENUINE VULCANPLOWS AND REPAIRS. vBeware of imitationswe are the authorized dealers and only selL thegenuine article.11ERecommend The Use of CamphoratedOil and Menthol Creams For Relieving Coughs, Colds, Croup,Catarrah, Pneumonia and AllCongested Conditions,'&The best form in which to applya remedy of this kind will be foundin MINTOL, whic not only containsMenthol, Camphor, Oil of EucalyptU3and many other healing and antiseptic oils, but also contains germicidal properties which kill, the grtpor influenza germ. If MINTOL is applied to the nostrils it sterilizes thenose and acts as a preventatire aswell as a cure for colds and catarrh.If you will apply a little MINTOLabout the size of a bean to the, bacsof the tongue it will sterilize the1throat and relieve hoarseness, coughsand all throat troubles. When applied externally to the throat and chestit will break up congestion and prevent or relieve Croup, WhoopingCough and Pneumonia.It is not necessary to use old-fashionedblisteis, which are often timeeither very disagreeable in odor orcause soreness and annoyance to thepatient and those attending them.JNIrNTOL will be found the most effective, modern scientific treatmentfor all inflamed conditions. A jar inthe home will protect the wholewhole family from Coughs, Coldsand often times prevent Pneumonia.If your druggist cannot supply youwe will mail you a jar on receipt ofprice 35c, 60c and $1.25. The HomeRelief Laboratoiies, Boston, Mass., (adv)- oThe Death Cup.The death cup is a very poisonousmushroom of wide distribution. Itranges in color from pure white tomore common form in the UnitedStates, to olive or yellow, and is socalled from the prominent volva. Itcontains phallln and is almost invariably fatal when eaten.ASPIRINj, Name "Bayer" on GenuineBuick Carsof All Models on DisplayWhen you buy a car, be sure and see theBuick before you purchase.C. $ Ball Garage 1Fourth and Pleasant Streets," J-v.iiiiiiiiMiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiinMiiiiiiiiiiririiillen ElsctrmNow Open and Ready, for Businesswith a Complete Line ofELECTRIC-GrillsToastersIronsVacuum SweepersWashing MachinesIroning MachinesPercqlatorsSewing MachinesFlash Lights 3&"Table PortablesFloor LampsFixturesDoor BellsV"A.Take Aspirin- only as told in eachpackage of genuine Bayer Tablets ofAspirin. Then you will be followingthe directions and dosage worked outby physicians during 21 years, andproved safe by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer, Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds'. Headache, Neuralgia?Rheumatism, ' TJafache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also, selllarger packages. Aspirin is )thetrade mark of Eayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)o i ,A lightning bolt 'struck1 a flock of1,250 sheep on a range in North Cen-traL. TTtTi and ki!lod 500 r in . twoElectric Mazda Lamps, All SizesWe Do All Kinds of Electric WiringEstimates Cheerfully GivenALLEN ELECTRIC CO.425 MAIN STREETTELEPHONE 5Mf Paris, Ky.TIII II 1 1 1 1 1 1 II Hi I It- H' H'H"M'M' 1'HLexington, Ky.l:A WELL-FED HENmeans a well-filled egg bai-Ket. use ray special seratcnFeed tndEgg MMh and notecarefnlly the result The- Scratch Feed keeps the benso misy woricinr atter tile: zrah, The egg Math .provide theiJ bodie with food necesstry" to alargeegg "yield.L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHiitchcraft Ekvattr, Nat Strtitv,umiierumffiiM aiL 1Miuaj.-. "HBV. - rutmrmtmirmJgAw'mMmm-..a. - ., .. t-.js3ri nrrt r tmi rrBourbonNc w$ A1 vcrtigfr 1 1 R vmJMivaK " '?::I-i V.' -yU, 'X.rlUwide 'stretches.V- - li.r yrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KENTOCKYf AGE BIGHTTUESDAY, APRIL 12, ltllV-n'4 44 4 4 44 4 444 w"wf'' Morton, "the retiring moderator,4 will preach the opening-sennon Tues-RELIGIOUS.t : . 'day,, evening, at. 7:30 o'clock, o Most, ' of Wednesday will be taken up witiie4eV6ite business sessions.' At eleven ociocif .! in 'the morninc there will be a com-Linuhion sermon and service,,4 4 4."fi The sum of $13,338.50 was sub- IKflUcll -ill. tue duuuai v;iuisciigu. lut,funds for xthe First PresbyterianChurch. The budget was $11,500:" 41)500 for current expenses, and. $5, 7vj ior oenevoitjaqets. rnursaayevening the ladies of- the churchserved a delightful -supper for theworkers, 'and the final 'arrangementsnfere made for the campaign, Sunday afternoon fifteen teams went 10Tisit each member of 'the" congregation. Thirteen thousand, three hun-.dred and thirty-eight dollars andfifty cents has' been subscribed up tothe present time, and th6re are' othercontributors to be heard from. Lastyear with the high prices and easymoney the church pledged in . theneighborhood of $14,500. It hasbeen a marvelous spirit of generosity, a real determination to sacrifice,and fine enthusiasm that the peoplebare brought their pledges in thislean year to within practically athousand and may be less of whatthey pledged last year. The peopleof the church are to be congratulatedon this year. The people of thechurch are to be congratulated onthis fine response.The reports of the First Presbyterian church for the year endingMarch 31, 1921, were read at theevening service Sunday night. Thereport shows the church to have 22officers, and 352 resident members.Sixty-five have been added to thechurch during the church. year. Thetotal contributions to all causes bythe church was $13,338, exclusiveof $370 contributed to Chinese relief. The contributions to all causesare more than double t-he contributions for all causes of the precedingyear, which amounted to $7,307.Practicallyevery phase of the churchwork has grown 'during the year.The Presbytery Bbenezer willmeet with the First PresbyterianChurch of Paris, to-day. Rev. W.VV f"V 44 4 " $'.. ,. DEATHS. .-... - 5" ' V.,; . 44and at7:30 in the evening there will be apopular address. The public ia cordially invited to all of these meetings,hoth the business and the devotional." Interested audiences continueto pack the seatingPaptist church, at the eveuing ser-.vices, nearmg powenui aim miyicBoive sermons, backed by the Svord ofGod, from the pastor. .Arthur .Fox,and the inspring period of Gospelsong service. Many soul-stirring selections are sung both by the songleader and a large choir, as well as"the congregation. All are urged totake part in the singing and get intothe sprit of the revival; to join thepfforts of the nreacher to uplift andi better the condition in Paris. Thesubjects "Dealing With Destiny,""Home and Heaven," and "Sowingand Reaping" are appeals to theChristian to stop in the mad rushafter worldly affairs and get busy inthe Kingdom work, winning the lost,and preparing for eternity. The meeting will continue through the week,winning the lost, and preparing foreternity. Preaching, and singing at 9:30 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.Everybody welcome. There navebeen about twenty-five additions tothe church to datei ..tacCOY. ' tJames Lawrence . McCoy, agedsixty-four, of Owingsville, one of themost widely-known nien in Centraland Eastern Kentucky, died Fridayin-.a, New Vork hospital. "-Mr. McCjycapacity of tno ;-... nnUUn- fnr thp lnt fnrivliativiiUA jjuiitiuu jlva fc, . -. jyears aird was State campaign manager in the Presidential., .campaign"of 19 OS. At the "time of his deathhe was associated witt his "son, Malcolm, in the publication of the Pikeville News, but had edited other papers during his life, including the,CumberlandVCo'urier, Pineville amiJackson Times". 'He was in the Government service a large portion ofhis life.The, funeral was held Sunday afternoon at the home of Logan Shearer, in Lexington, with services conducted by Rev. Mark Collis. The interment followed in the LexingtonCemetery., ',aOOMiOOOOOOOpOQOALAMO AN D CiR AN DtWODAYS ,'WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAYAPRIL 13th AND 14th"HUCKLEBEBBY ' HTXT" HEEEWEDNESDAY A3STO THURSDAYHuckleberry Finn has reached thescreen. Mark Twain's ijmmortal boyhero is the leading figure in an elaborate motion picture version of hisofivAnturps. wJiir.h will be shown atThe. optimist used. to encourage the J the Alamo and Grand two dayg,commencing to-morrow."Huckleberry Finn"fitrneeliner vouth with the assertionabout there being always room at inetop. The pessimist nowadays obsecesthat at the top there are taxes whichlop off earnings like the scimitar ofSaladin' lopped off heads of the unfaithful.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insur-sinceTHOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN.. oTuition fees in the undergraduatedepartments of Yale University havebeen increased from $240 to $300.i1IxIXIVictor A. BradleyAnnounces his candidacy for Ihe office ofTm Commonwealth's Attorney of the 14thCircuit Court District, comprising thecounties of Scott, Woodford, Bourbon andFranklin, subject to the action of the Democratic party at the primary in August, 1921The cinemais declared to follow the text of theoriginal faithfully, taking up thestory when Huck and Tom Sawyerdiscovered the robbers treasure in thecave and following the adventures ofHuck through the efforts of WidowDouglas to reform him to his abduction by his no-account father andsubsequent encounters with thebroken-down actors, the "Duke" andthe "King."v As far as possible, theinimitable flavor of Mark Twain hasbeen retained and it is said to be aproduction of which the great humorist, were he living, would surelyapprove.The role of Huck Finn is in mecapable hands of Lewis Sargent, aboy actor of unusual talent. GordcnGriffith plays Tom Sawyer and theother performers in the large cast aresaid to be thoroughly competent.till . i n1nA A vfr4-n -1H William D. Tayior, wuu ui&u un ..S'the two previous Mark Twain pictures, "Tom Sawyer" and "Hudc anaI Tom." handled the screening. Thisj i? a Paramount Artcraft picture thatno admirer 01 tne wonts 01 oamunClemens can afford to miss. (adv)1IIIIX!In Siam, it is a custom for everyman to enter the priesthood duringhis lifetime. xt AMllM ulWfAf t PRESENTED1 liVmw UmUSBpMJ bvI -fop) :'mmr'wiIc- "CORRECT SPRINGFOOTWEARIN GREAT SELECTIONS!IMore beautiful in style, unsurpassed quality and workmanship, marked ateconomy prices within reach of everyone.B-ulstatTlxisStoreHUCKLEBERRY FINNA NEW lVRKTWAIN-PARAMQUNT ARTCRAFT PICTUREIn Addition WedntsdayJIMMIE AUBREY COMEDY"THE DECORATOR"and "Topics of the Day"In AilniftAffi TLnvtnavJuanita Hansen & Warner OJand !in "THE PHANTOM FOE" ' IAnd RatHfe News '&Gregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningA rlmitOIAiia Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cffUIIII95IUIIi Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cutaaaaaiiitaaattaiataaaaaaiaaaaawaaa i csac aaacaaCompare our prices, styles and qualities, and you are sure to appreciate thereal saving in money on every pair.Ladies' Brown Suede Strap Slippers, BrownKid Lace Oxfords and Strap Slippers, military heels. Values to $7,50. Special$4Ladies' Soft Kid Comfort Slippers. Special$1.69Boys' and Youths' $3.50 Gun Metal EnglishShoes. All sizes. SpecialS2.49Ladies' Beautiful Brown and Black KidLace Oxfords and the new One and TwoStrap Slippers. Values to $6.00. SpecialS3.99Ladies' Black Suede Strap Slippers, high andlow heels. $8.00 values. SpecialS5.95little Genu $2.50 Tan Elk Outing Shoes.Sizes 9 to 13 1-2. Special -$1.99Men's $3.00 Work Shoes, Special-$1.99Misses' and Children's Patent Strap KidSlippers. All sizes 8 to 2. $3.50 values.Special$2.99jSave money on your Men's Shoes and Oxfords. High grade quality. New stylts forspring and summer wear. Values $6.00,$7 .00 and $8.00. Special$3.99 - $4.95 - $5.95ifj"DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy' ReignParis1 Greatest Shoe StareOTBMHBMWssKfjsssssmsssr bssssssssstJOE B. SMITHJOE B. SMITHCANDIDATE FORTAX COMMISSIONER OF BOURBON GODNTYWITHFRANK COLLINSAS DEPUTYSUBJECT TO ACTION OF DEMOCRATIC PRIMARYAUGUST 6, 1921.bsss?bk2VBSSSSSSSSSSSSSS'hBhESSSSSWI FRANK COLLINSWe Solicit The Earnest Consideration of the Voters, both Women and Men, and pledge acareful and impartial administration of the office shculd yon entrast us with the duties of thisimportant charge.We put forward two geod reasons, we think, in asking your votes:First We hefieve we can fill the office satisfactorily and we want to he elected on AugustS, 1921.Sect We have seven thihkon to educate, five. of them girls, and this second reason, wethink, is "some reason" for any one wanting an off loo.Vote for us and we'll all he hapey.X..liome in Lexington and has announc-ea uu ne win are there in the future.FOAXS AT THE WIGGINS STOCK j is handsome hay Ally by Brummel"FAEM i Gyi& (a fuH sister to Johnny Dun-IRecent foals at John S. Wiggins'Military Stock Farm, near Hutchisdn,are a hay filly by Princes Aurora bySolitaire II, and a chestnut colt byThe Manager Mildale (dam of Annette Teller) both the property ofFrank J. Kelley, of Chicago. Amongthe yearlings at Military Stock Farmdee. two-year-old winner of threeraces, including the Tijuana Futurity.). The first foal by Under Fire, achestnut colt out of Silvery Shapiroby Hannockburn, has arrived at thefarm of Keaaty Nichols. It is thtproperty of Under Fire's owner. FatTen Turkish girls were among the20 graduates this year of the .American college for women at CoaSan-tinople.A faaeat iiTMttM 1 wMAatDuame who reeeatlv- eetaWliahe4 his loa maealaa which is gaanateedaae,.wiio receatiy estaamaed hislt0 juw wUfc ,u mWfhi-fltm.r$v