3k'ft" ."4jtfc --- MSB - - ' "tf3'v(Vj""' $-1NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBONfCOUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1921'- -: Nl' ' 'ITHEBOURBONBOURBON COUNTY IN PROSPEROUS CONDITIONAlthough the tobacco situation inBourbon county is ir a deplorablecondition there is one thought that-we must get in oui heads, and tnatis, "We aro not on the road to theCounty Infirmary." If the presenttobacco crop is never ,iold we arstill in a better position then weAvere several years back. We haveihe richest soil in the world, uencompetent to conduct any busiiesstransactions that may arise, and-with our four Paris, banks showing:i commne-i deposit ot reverai mil--. . . ,.. .,. . ..u. .....Uons against less than they had mli iie iiifc.Lf Liiuie i no buiuiu iuabuup,uuu,UUU miles away at the time.lor down-heai tedness. We are lrving in a time of readjustment, at atint when every commodity is selling at a lower figure than it didduring the days of and immediatelypreceding the war.The people of this section shouldindeed be thankful that we live in.what is truly "God's country," aland the l idlest known, and amongpeople most enlightened of all time.Let's take an optimistic view.Matters have been much worse andwe have pulled through. We haveto become accustomed to changingconditions and will have to take-our loss, although it hurts andhurts bad, but remember "Beneathc-ery cloud there's a silver lining,"and it will be only a short time un--tilwe are enjoying the same unbounded prosperity to which weliave been accustomed. Let's all beoptimistic and talk only of the better days ahead. Such talk willbring only prosperity and happiues.to nil.oTRIBUTE TO CAPT. ROGERSThe Mt. Sterling Advocate has thefollowing tribute to Capt. James I.Rogers, who died here recently:"Many of our citizens heard withregret of the death of Captain Jas.R. Rogers, of Bourbon. In his boyhood he attended school in ourtown, staying in the home of thelate Col. A. W. Hamilton and wife(the lattei who was afterwards Mr?.John S. Williams, was his aunt) andin those early days he formed manyfriendships here. He served withhonor with Morgan's Comur.ina inthe Confederacy. He frequently visit 'd his kinswoman, Mrs. It. G.Stonet at Longwocd, and was heriu-t only a few weeks ago."o-NEW AUTO OWNERSOwen T. Gibson, of the Gibson Motor Co , local distributors and agentsfor the Studebaker machine, delivered recently to Mrs. Coidelia Offutt.of near Paris, a Special Six Studebaker machine.oe'-iw -ii - ...... . ......If there was any lomancc connect- i Wood was uninjured, but was givend with it a girl would sew on herja severe shaking up. The machineown but tors instead of letting her driven by Fleming bore a Kentuckymother do it. license tag number 19287.-'tMM'I'M'fFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS -Our BigAnnualI Clearance SaleISStillGoing On"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES'" OUTFITTERSCELI4i PHENONENOM 'AP -PEARED SUNDAY NIGHTSUNDAY NIGHTThough many million miles intervened between them the planetsMars and Venus flirted outrageouslySunday night, in plain view ofthousands of interested spectators.These planets were in conjunctionSunday night, having the same latitude and longitude, and only abouttwenty-five minutes in arc, or lessthan the moon's dismeter apart.The rare phenomenon was visiblein Pat is, where Mars, appearingwith a reddish tinsre. actual!wu.aii tvucii rcuuablushed when Venus winked at himthrough the clear atmosphere, onlyi nis scandalous conduct will not berepeated fi, many years.Astrologer? and other superstitiouspeople consider this astronomicalevent good omen for the coming yearThat is, that Mars, the god of war,and Venus, the goddess of love, havecome together for reconciliation.Venus is at this time about 8G, 000,000 'l.iles from u.v. almost the distance of the sun from the earth;tmd seen through a telescope wouldappear like the moon when abouttwo-thirds full, the complete sidebeing turned toward the sun. Venusis about the size of the earth, whilethe diannter of Mffrs i? only cne-halfof our planetThese distances do not mean verymuch to the average reader and thefollowing illustration will give abetter conception: Suppose an areoplane is traveling through spacewithout slopping, ?it the rate of 200miles an hour, an'! started on itsjourney to Venus to-day; then itwould reach there after forty-sevenyears, or about 1P68. Then, proceeding to Mars, it would take fiftyfive yeais longer to get to thisplanet. In other words, the areoplane would be going constantly forone hundred and -wo years to makeits journey from the oarth lo Mars.oSUNDAY AUTO ACCIDENTWhile en route to Lexington a machine driven by Prof. F. M. Wood,principal of the Western HiqhSchool, in Paris, who had as passengers George Robir.son. wife .and twochildren, colored, of Lexington, collided with a machine driven by SamFlimeing, -white, of Bourbon county, Sunday afternoon.The accident occurred at pointon the Lexington pike, opposite thehome of John T. Hughes, five, milesfrom Lexington. 1 he fores of thecollision swerved the car driven byProf. Wood. inj:aa-. telephone pclo,smashing the radiator and the windshield., scattering the broken glassover the occupants. Robinson's wifenearly bled to deth while beingrushed to St. Joseph's Hospital, inLtington, fiopn an artery whichhad been severed by the broken"lass from the windshield. Prof.'' ii'jtti.-..- -... .,""" cii -w . -... -. . r r .JBURLEY GROWERS MELTING;HELD -IN LEXITTOTON iA conference wiih manufacturersto determine if the buyers ill co-operate with warehousemen, bankersa.nu giuwers iu avert a total susptnsion of loose leaf sales until Mayemu. a. cui-i'ia 01 t'ie yzj. crop, wasucuiueu upon Dy warenouseecided upon by warehouse andnancial interests of the Burle re-ion in star chamber session iniinancialLexington, Friday afternoon.A cqmnr.rtee of 12. comnosed ofreDreSentn.tl VP nf thp wnrolir.iicnmunbankers, Burley As.'ociation and thegrowers' convention which assembledin Lexington Friday will ask tho"Big Four" tobacco companies,which aie Liggett & ftlers, American Tobacco Conpuny. Lorillard andR. J. Rynolds Tobacco Company,why prices offered for Burley are solow, what concessions Ihey are willnig to make to rel'eve the situation,what instructions the buyers' agentsaie acting under, and if they wantsales discounted ind the next c-opcut out.Percival Hill, C. C. Dula, T. J.Maloner and Will Reynolds, presidents respectively of .the American.Liggett & Myers, P. Lorillard and R.J. Reynolds. Companies were teie-grranhed bv the committee and askedto attend a confarence in Lexingtonlo-jmorrow (Wednesday) night. A report of the conference will be gjvenat a meeting of the respective orga-nizationp represented Thursdaymorning. Pending the report of thecommittee warehousemen of the region were asked by the body to remam closed until Monday, January17th.The men who will meet spokesmen of the "Big Four" aie John W.Newman. Versailles: A. F. Shouse,Lexington, and C. M. Dean,, Caroll-ton, of the Burley Association;Judee Henry Prewltt. Mt. Sterling;Stanley Reed, Muyrville, and FankMcKee. Versailles, representativesdesignated by the cutout convention;Dr. Samuel II. Halley, Lexington;C. C. Patrick. Lexington? and JohnCollins, Paris, warehousfjmen; J. N. JKehoe, Maysville, George a. uam,Lexington, and WH. Shanks, Stanford, bankers.One hundred and seventy-livebankers an warehousemen of NewYork, Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana,representing :if Burley tobaccotobacco markets in three States, attended the local session, which waaheld in the office of James C. Stone,president of the Lexington Warehousemen's Association, followingthe adiournment of the grokersconvention, Friday morning.Ttaurhon county was representedat the meeting by the followingcommittee: Dan W. Peed, Jonn 1.Collins, James McClure, John w.Jones. The delegates voted tavora-bly on the proposition to cut out tns1921 crop in this county.j BARGAINS IN ALL DEPART-! MENTS.We have bargains in everyj deoartnient Buy your needsfor the coming spring andsummer season at prices thatare right.FRANK & CO.BASKET BALL.The bos' and girls' baskt ballteams of the Paris High School wei.tto Nicholasville, Friday, night, wlierathey played games with the teamsof the Nicholasville High School.The boys' game resulted in a victory for Paris by a score of 18 to 7.The Paris girls' team lost to theNicholasville team by a score of 33 tt13. The line-up of the Paris teamswas as follows: Paris Clark, Dundon, Wright, Meglone, Shively,A-laii and McClintock; GirlsBaldVin, Pitton, Hall, Ruie andWallingford.The Knights of Columbus team ofPaiis will play the Lexington K. otC. team, on the Senior High Schoolgvmnasium floor, in Lexington, tonight. A crowd of Paiis rooterswill attend the game. Tht: localteam will play the team frDin St.Joseph's College ot Bardstown onthe local Y. M. C. A. gymi-asiumfloor, Friday night. t-oTO THE VOTERS OF PAHISI am taking this mems of announcing my candidacy for the officeof Police Judge of Paris, and askof the voters a careful considerationof my candidacy. I have been a resident of and voter in Paris all mylife, &nd have been a lifelong Democrat. This, is my first venture inthp politic?. 1 game and I hope tomake good. If elected I will fill theoffice fairly and impartially and hoguilty person will escape. If theydeserve p fine they will surely get itat (my hands. High or low degreeviolators will be given the samething, justice as determined by thelaw and evidence. I hope to seeeach voter in person and present myTHEODORE P. NIX.oSTILL SHY ON LICENSES.The automobile license tags for1921 are still shy by 900 of beingdistributed in this county to theowners who should have them, according to County Clerk Pearc-jPaton. Out of the 2,200 assigned tov,,..u nmmtv nnlv 1.205 have"""'" ''""""'I ""' - .been taken up to date by owners o.nnv.ta Tha rloHnmtentR will bemuA.i--.-ic. -..-.--,.-- - - -up against It when tne long vtu utine law '-rea--:c wnu ''irv.--- fn..Al.rfV.n nf thfrlaw. Eet-, . -.--....--.-- ---- ..- r -. r f.7in jrri 1 1THRIFT WEEK PROCLAIMEDvJMAjrxwiWjAiiusdiGovernor Morrowhas issued aJ Proclamation recognizinthe weekof January 17 to 23, inclusive Bi! National Thrift Week in commemo-ration of Benjamin Franklin's birthday, januaiy 17, and recommendsthat this week be marip mtip nfeconomic planning for everyone."The Governor's action follows thesuggestion of th Young Men'sChristian Anp.qtnn wlti T10 aim.port and co-oneration of the Tms-ii ry uepartment ot tne united state?and many other commercial, civicuuu "ducauonai organizations Theproclamation requests the recrgn'zalipn of January 3 7. as National! Thrift day.PROCLAMATION.Whereas the 17th nf .Ta.nnn.rrj marks the day of the birth of Benjamin Franklin, who, by preceptand example, became America'sApostle of Thrift, f.ndWhereas, the Young Men's Christian Association, with the supportand co-operation -f the TreasuryDepartment of the United States andmany commercial, civic and educational organizations, -has set 'apartBenjamin Franklin's birthday as National Thrift Day and has plannedtor the observance of the week January 17 to 23, as National ThriftWeek, designed to stipiulate the individual to think straight and actwisely in regard to money mattersin the realms or earning, spending,saving, investing and giving, anuWhereas, it behooves every citizen to take serious thought to ourcitizenship and that there may bebuilt un a more blable. prosperous,and truly American population, andwhereas, the economic educationalprogram ol National Thrift Week iswell devised to fosier these desirableconditions by increasing the knowledge and practice of a broad conception of thrift a thrift, -not onlyeconomic, but also social, educational, physical and religious;Now, therefore, 1, Edwin Morrcw,Governor of the State of Kentucky,by virtue of the authority vested ir.me, hereby designate the week ofJanuarv 17 to 23. inclusive, as Na-'tional Thrift Week, and do earnestlyreommend to all officers of thisState, the mayors, the county officials, superintendents and teacner3of oui public schools, ministers andpriests of our churches, and uponeafih and everv citizen, business establishment, industrial plants, trutie,civic or other organizations, ana anpmninvpps or members thf-ieof toW't every effort, individually andihi'high their local Thritt committees, to imake Nat io nn' Thrift Weeka period of constructive thougntand action and of economicplanning for everyone within theirseveral communities. .Given under my hand, the grearseal of the State, at the City ofFrankfort, thte the 3rd day of Ja-n-uarv, in the year of our Loraiy.' EDWIN P. MORROW,Governor.-oROBERT S. PORTER ANNOUNCEEOR POLICE JTO&ETo the citizens of Paris: T wishto call your attention to my candidacy for the offic2 of Police Judge ofl-.-iris, subject to ihe action of theDemocratic primal y on August 2,1921. If 1 am successful in securing the nomination and election" myaim will be a fai: and impartial enforcement of the laws T v. ill makean endeavor to see each voter inperson, and I renui-st a careful consideration of my candidacy.Respectfully,(lt-pd) R- S. PORTER.oSAYS WASN;T ROBBEDLewis Hixon, aged carpenter, whowas found in an unconscious condition m the rear of the Bourbpn Tobacco Warehouse. Me days ago, hasrecovered consciousness at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he wastaken. Mr. Hixon told the hospitalofficials and his physicians that hemust have fallen in a faint, as th?last thing he remembered was falling over something. He denies t-uestoiv of having been assaulted androbbed, which was 1he first reportgiven to the public, in lieu o moredefinite information.The money he had on h-s person,he sftcs, waj5 placed m a bank ono, nftovr.r.rm when he was hurt. Itjwas stated at the Hospital that hewould recover. Air. jiimiu. wao "opinion that in falling his headstruck on the concrete in the rear otthe building, producing unconsciousness and that ttio&o who found himnaturally supposed he had beenslugged by thugs. In the absenceof a more plausible theory, thisstatement was given to the press oilthe day ho was found unconscious.. oSEVENTY-PIVE ARE ENROLLEDIN SHORT COURSEMore than 75 students, the majority of them ex-service men from al'.parts of Kentucky, have been enrolled in the agricultural shortcouise. which opened at the Collegeof Agriculture, University of Kentucky, January 4, according to astatement issued by Prof. GeorgeRoberts, who has charge of thecourse. Registration is being heldopen and the total enrollment is expected to reach 100 students.The couise will run until March1 and will include a study of allfarm subiects. Ex-service men enj roiieu are receiving wie aauc vwmiwhicll is fcejng given to the tegular. . Jl.l..irolled are receiving the sa-ne worksnort course-sxuaenia- Time worlr'at wonders,. So woMdtwjI if.thef ".nut " ir. twenty-fourDON'T TALK HARD TIMESWhile it is true that thing-, do notlook very rosy just now in the business world, it will not help matters;any to talk hard times. The localI tobacco market is all shot to pieces,and the farmer has nothing to sellthat will bring him a profit, but tnedarkest hour is frequently the dawnof a brighter day, and all's well thatends well.j Tobacco will bring better Drices.just as sure as mud is dirt, and wewill have to wait only a little whilefor the advance. The tobacco growers at the meeting held in Lexington,Friday, devised ways and means titmeeting the situation and bringingabout better conditions, and THF.NEWS predicts a resumption of saleson the Paris market at an earlydate. So let's be cheerful if thingsat present are not just what wewould like them to be. The goodtimes of the past have taught us tobe lavish in th-i expenditure ofmoney, and, while the change iscoming suddenly, we will all "getby" ifwe will only have patienceand shuffle the cards light.Inhere is no use worrying or getting mad over the turn affairs havetaken. Such will only bring grayhairs and wrinkles and a torn upcondition, mentally and phy3ically.In fine, let's make the best of thing-jas they are hoping that times willchange tor the better and thankfulthey are no worse than they are.GEORGETOWN FIVE DEFEATPARIS Y. M. C. A. TEAMThe Georgetown College basketballteam defeated the Paris Y. M. C. A.team in a game on the Georgetownfloors Friday night, by a score of 5Sto 36. The game was a fast one,and the teajm work of both teamswas unusually good. The Paiis fiveplayed mainly a long distance goalshooting campaign, scoring many cftheir points in this. way. Roberts,forward for the Paris' team, playedstar game for the visitors. A largenumber of Paris rooters accompanied the local team, an witnessed thegame.WESTERN UNION INJUNCTIONSUIT OVERRULEDThe jmotion for an injunction madeby the Western Union TelDgruphCompany against the Louisville andNashville Reilroad .Company, waj$overruled by Judge' Samuel Kirby,at Louisville. The telegraph - company sought to enjoin the railroadfrom proceeding with its purpose ofremoving from its right of way inKentucky, the telegraph company'spoles, wires, batteries and otherequipment. The fact that similarlitigation between the companies ispending in the Fedeial Courts wasthe ba?is of the telegiapn company smotion before Judge Kirby.6WE KNOW HWNETTLET0NSHOESReduced to$17.00s.-WITCHELKSHOESReduced$4.00THE PAIRThe above prices are bargains andare made to raise cash.Come in TO-DAY and get a pairof high grade shoes at a reasonableprice.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MEN7.'.V- "' ""I A CARD TO THE VOTERS OPj BOTJRRQNA mistaken impreysion has been putout through the publication in another Paris paper to the effect thatI would have as my deputy in therace for Tax Commissioner of Bour-fbon-county, Ben Woodford Jr Ijam sure the publication was but aslip of the pen. bat at tim .time t gives a wrong impression.Many voters not knowing the situation, vmight be led to think I hadbroken with Thomas Taul and" hadsubstituted Ben Woodford. 3rI am still in the vace for the office,as is also Mr. Taul, and we will berunning mates until the ofiicialcount puts us either in or out, andwe are almost sure that the Wmtwill put us in. I feel that I cantake care of the duties of the ofllcoin a manmr satisfactory to the taxpayers ct the county, and it will bemy earnest endeavor to keep theirinterests, as well as those of thecounty, always in view. My experience as deputy and my acquaimaneewith the land values of the countyF.hould count somewhat in pny favor.I have always done my duty to thecity, county, State and Nation, andwill always do so. I shall do all inmy power to conserve the interestsof the citizen taxpayers of thf county, and a most worthynps.TAOINNty. Thomas Taul is one of the mostpopular officials in the county, and amost worthy running mate. We respectfully solicit the support of theDemocratic voters of the county, andof those of any other party who maythink us worthy of their support.JOHN J. RED!ON.CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONJANUARY 29.An examination under Civ'l Service supervision for an unskilled laborer, will be conducted at the Parispostoffice, on January 29, by Secretary Wjm. H. Clarke. The positionis open to male eligibles betweenthe ages of twenty and fifty. The position pays a salary of $600 per annum, with a bonus of $240 to bepaid upon evidence of satisfactoryservice.Application blanks and general information may be' obtained fromWm. H. Clarke, local eoreianatthe Paris postoffice.ADMINISTRATOR APPODTTEDWm. R. Metcalfe, of Millersburg. fhas been appointed administrator ofthe estate of his father, Henry CMetcalfe, former postmaster and retired bupiness man of Carlisle. Mr.Metcalfe accepted and qualified forthe trust by furni&hing bond withMrs. Ella Metcalfe and Mrs. OllieReese as sureties.oA small boy's idea of happiness isto be i hie to lick another boy a siz?larger.SkBLAKEMORE.?IMlllllMMIHIIMIIIIimilllUtolirs'ta-cit. 1V, as time dos. " ; -7r.-.- -. !- -O1 tor set ''em nowr ' . .-. yj- , " "-" " r ' imi-k-,RsSSSHfSd -iJT.9 "??&" A"r PACE TWOTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, TANT7ART If. TOTTWffTWWWlIHHrrij4LTHE BOURBON NEWSx btaUished 188139 Tears of Continuous Publicationitribhahed Srery Tuesday and Friday?& Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.KWiFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.,t fcutersd at the Paris, Kentucky,-Postofttce as Mail Matter of theSecond- Glass.)TJB FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Assofeiitioiu. - Chicage lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son,Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofsy person, firm or corporationhich. may appear in the columns ofHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlyCorrected if brought to attention ofr-v editor.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of North, Middletown, as a candidate for thefflee of State Senator froni theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprisisg the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at ths$olls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Repesentative - f rom Bourbon County inthe Lower Hou?e of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election, August 2, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbor county, in theLower House of t'm- Jventucky Legislature, ubject to the action )f thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 2.1921.FOR SHERIFF.J hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for She) iff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Duties.FOR JAILERWe- are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the voters331 iis candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a can'iicUite for Jailer of Bourbon oounty, .subject to the action of the Democratic primary., FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We arc authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris PrecilLCt No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywiih VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, otMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown nrecenirt. as a ranrii-&t,e for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county," with THOMAS TAUL, Iof Paris, as deputy, subject to the jaction of the Democratic voters of jBoprbon county..TOR' DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therce for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerim Bourbon County, subject to the-action of the Democratic party.FOP POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceROBFRT S PORTER, of Paris, as -tcandidate for Police Judge of theGity of Parte, subject to the actionof the voters in the primary election on August 2, 11)20.FOR CHIF OF POLICEWe are authorized t announce, GEORGE W. JUDY, of Paris, aseandidate for the office of Chief ofPolice ot the City of Paris, subjectrG the action of the voters of the.city at the primary election, Aug2, 1921.- We are authorised to announceTHOMAS CRAVEN, of Paris, as a, candidate for Chief of Police of.Paris, subject to the action of theYvoters of Paris, at Mvr primary elec-Jkm, to be held on August 2, 1921.We are authorized to announce, GAPT. ROBERT LUSK as s. candi.ikite for the Democratic nomination'flr Chief of Police pf Paris; Ky.,tsub-ict lo the miction o the DemocraticprlmiiTy to be "hold on Aususl 2,LAUNCH mT tFTORTFOR EUROft'S YWN13Eigtit American Relief AgenciesCombine to Save 3,500,000 .Children Death Menaces.Eight great relief organizations,working among and for every race andcreed, have united under the name ofthe European Relief Council to coordinate child relief in Europe thiswinter. The Council will seek to provide funds for 3,500,000 starving anddiseased children In Eastern and Central Europe and to administer thisrelief economically.It consists of Herbert Hoover, chairman, and Franklin K. Lane, treasurer; Edgar Rickard, representing theAmerican Relief Administration; Dr.Livingston Farrand, representing theAmerican Red Cross; Felix Warburg,representing the Jewish Joint Distribution Committee ; Wilbur K. Thomas,representing the American Friends'Service Committee (Quakers) ; JamesA. Flaherty, representing the Knightsof Columbus ; Dr. C. V. Hibbard, representing the Young Men's Christian Association ; Miss Sarah S. Lypn, representing the Young Women's ChristianAssociation : Dr. Arthur Brown, representing (he Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America.It is the purpose of the Council toraise $33,000,000, In an appeal centering at the Christmas holidays, to theend that the desperate situation regarding child life may be met. Inevery town and community of-the nation, it is planned, local committees,representing all the co-operating agencies will he formed to secure the vitally necessary funds. Of the amountsought, S-23,000,000 will be used forbasic food and $10,000,000 for medicalservice.For every one of these Americandollars the local governments andcommunities aided will furnish twodollars, in the form of transportation,labor, guards, clerical help, cash contributions and such 1"ood supplies asare locally obtainable. No childrenrecehe the free food except aftermedical tests showing them to be seriously undernourished. The remaining$10,000,000 of the fund is just asurgently needed for medical service tothe children.The European Relief Council will domuch more than effect economies Inthe raising of the child saving fund.It will, with the inspecting forces ofeight great agencies, keep a constanteye on the administration of America's merciful gift, in order that thereshall be no wastage and no tendencytoward pauperization."This is the largest co-operative benevolent organization ever attemptedin the United States," Mr. Hooversays. "The organizations representedhave come to the unanimous, thoughindependently formed conclusion, thatnothing but prompt and united actionby the whole American people canavert incredible tragedy for the helple&s children involved. The organizations forming the Council will organize their representatives in everytown and community of the nationfor the raiding of the necessary funds."Pleads for Europe'sHelpless Children"They are no more my children thanyours," is Herbert Hoover's homely ye:eloquent plea for 3.."300,000 Europeanchildren who face incredible tragedythis winter unless America comes totheir rescue. The funds by whichAmerican aid has been feeding millions have run out. and that the workmay not stop and thus precipitatewhat would amount to "a massacre ofthe innocents" seen othergreat American relief organizations have unitedwith Mr. Homer's organization underthe name of the Euroiiean Relief .Council in a jo'nt appeal for funds. Thecollaborating agencies are the American Red Cioss, the American Friends'Service Committee (Quakers), theJewish .Tojj,t DiMrihufinn Committee;the- Fqderal Churches of Christ inAmerica", the Knights of Columbus-,the- T. M. C. A, and the. r. YV. C. AA: t.wMwaWILL MBITWAS I LIVEDunbar Woman Never Expected ToBe Well Asain TanlacRestores Her"I surely thought I was going toleave this world, but I believe Tanlas has given pie a new leass on lifeand I'll praise it the longest day Ilivp," said Mrs. Alice Skeens, ofDunbar, West Virginia."I had a terriole attack of influenza that left my stomach so badlyout of order that what little food iforced myself to eat caused me somuch pain and distress from indigestion that I could hardly endureit.'Rheumatism set up in my neck,shouldeis, arms and practically mywhole body. I fell off until I onlyweighed ninety-seven pounds andbecame so nervous I would lie foihours at night without closing myeyes."I finally got in such a bad condition I had 'to go to bed and afterfailing to get xelief from specialtreatments I turned to Tanlac as alast hope."Before I finished the first bottleI felt better and now I hardly feellike the same person. I have takenseven bottles in all and my appetitelis so good it seems that I can't eatall I want and I never have theslightest pnin or discomfort aftereating."The rheumatic pains have disappeared, my nerves are quiet andsteady. I sleep like a child nig-ntsand wake up mornings feeling fir.e.I have giined twelve pounds inweight, too. and am so jmuch stronger I am looking after my houseworkagain."Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (advO'RESOURCES FOR YOUNG PEOPLEh atjt Tr-nrp'n"The lack of social advantages" isthe reason given by many countiyyoung people for leaving their ruralhomes. "More pleasure in the city"is another related excuse.You can't get pleasure merely bylooking in at brightly lighted storewindows and attending shows. Thewhite lights begin to seem disagreeable and glary in about three weksYou wil tire of the movie shows inas mary months. Real pleasurecomes only when people learn to dosomething themselves that is pleasurable, instead of watching otherpeople do things.The young person who has developed the ability to do well some interesting thing, has a resource thatwill give him far more pleasure thanattending shows even can. In somecountry towns, the high schools encourage groups of young people toform orchestras. After a few winters of practice thry play well, nndthier little recitals are admired bythe whole town. They are in demiand for playing f.r dances and entertainments. ,The young people havs acquired aresource that will lost all their lives.The world of fine music has? oeenopened, and its inspirations areillimitable. They feel a pride intheir little recitals are adjmired bythem keep contented with countrylife, and makes them realize thatyou can get just as much happinessin one place as another.So with other resources that canbe developed. The young peoplewho learn to sing and for.n littlechoruses, those who play tennis orbaseb.nJl or other games of skill well,have gained something that can keepthem contented for many years.Here is the one means for solvingthe countiy question.CAN'T LOSE HAIRTwenty Years Frojn To-day a B-ild-headed Man Will Be AnUnusual SicfhtOne of the most prominent druggists of America made a statement afew weeks ago which has caused agroat dtal of dfceubsion ajmong scientists in the med'cal press.He said- "If the new hair grower,Mildrodira Hair Remedy, increasesits sales as it has during the pastyear, it will be used by nearly everyman, woman and child in Americawithin eight years"When .Mildredina. Hair Remedyis used almost universally, dandruffwill disappear and with its departurebaldness, itching scalp, splitting hairand all scalp diseases will follow.Mid twenty years from now a baldhead will he a rarity." Sample sentfor 10c to pay postage. Mail orderstilled by Mildred Louise Co., Boston.Mass. V. S Varden & Son. (adv)Friendship's Test.Emerson tells us that there are twoelements that go Into the compositionof friendship: truth' and tenderness.With real friends we are sincere; we.speak out what we think and feel andare as honest as we are when alone.And when we truly love a friend certainly we feel a degree of tendernesstoward her that should be strongenough to make us overlook littlelapses. We should not care for ourfriends nearly so much as we do 'ifthev f-ays wore their halos. Exchas fo .That' the Way It Is. ' 'Uncle Bill Bottletop says that txafpw people lay by anyltung'far'a rninjday and too mr.ny lay by something!OLD COMFORTa The young seek novelty Withtheir abVuhding strength or newexperiences adventure! phicalaifdspiritual, strange starts, surprises,keen emotirns, even if at times theyare painful ones. The cry is more,more, and ver more; and no matterhow much more .irdfent spirit gets,it is not satisfied.But there is a corner in life, thereis a summit. It conies to Sv c earlier, to others later. But when youturn it or .surmount it, you began todistrust novelty and to tiir-k -withthe old Romans that a straugtr is anenemy. The strange, the surprising,means disturbance, means dislocation; and older joints dislocatemore easily, at any rate feel the jarmore and suffer from it loncer.'Then we begin to find old placeslovely, just because they are old andfamiliar and full f the past. Wclove thejin necav.se once we werehappy in them, or because webought v- were, or because memory now makes us tnink we were. Aquiet turn of an old road may bringtears to our eyes.We likeold clothes, too. Let thoyoung frisk in fashionable fanciesWe find then-, stiff- and unwieldy,always wrinkling m awkward folds,pinching us and galling us. Wewant to wear things we can forget,and we understand perfectly ihefeeling of Mr. Payne's mother, whenshe called her old dressing gownher kingdom because she had takensuch comfoit in it.And old books, too. The new havedifficult thoughts, puzzling theories,strange inventions of eager wits benton upsetting the world. They maybe all well enough for the young,who liko to be upst and to upsetothers. But we prefer to turn familiar pages drowsily before the fire,coming at expected places uponwell-remembered scenes, which apparently do not atir the young at all.but which stirred us when we wereyoung and stir us now with a renewed and double charm.And old friends. A wicked Frenchlady said that she was always readyto' make new acquaintances, becauseshe knew they could not be worsethan the old. But we like the old,because at least they do not disconcert us. We knoT their charm. Weknow theii faults also and how tomeet them and allcw for them, andthey know ours.In the mad hurry and turmoil ofchange that we see about' us to-daysurely a taste for the old is to becultivated and preached. People aretoo eager for the now simply becauseit is new, withcus regard to ;ts realvalue or profit. Oneof the oldestthings in the world and one of (the:most comfortable is contentment!NEW BULLETIN OUTA new bulletin. No. 224. whichcontains a discussion of commercialfertilizers and tables showing theanalysis of different brands has jusrcome off the press at the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station.The new publication may be obtained free by writing the Agricultural Station, Lexington.Worry No More."A missionary just returned from theBelgian Kongo thus describes a newlydiscovered tribe of pygmies: "Althoughthey are eoinpltly uncivilized, theywill neither li iir steal, nnd willmarry only one wife." Right bore iswhere we quit worrying about the future nf civilization. Arthur IT. Folwell, in Leslie"HomeMake your New Year present this year onethat will give a future return. Our shortterm bonds due in 1929 net 7.6 interestper year. We refund the 4 mill State Taxand Normal Income Tax.$50 Bond sold for $45$100 Bond sold for $90Terms cash or on installment plan ask anyTraction employee for details&N156 WestLexingSWMfillT"No-To-Bac" has helped thousandsto break the costly, nerve-shalteringtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigarette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be completely broken, and you are betteroff mentally, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. Get a box ofNo-To-Bac and if ;t doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question.oA fat woman will do almost anything to become thin, except to quitea ting.Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.WantedClerks, (men, omen) over 17.for Po.'-tal Mail Service. $130month. Examinations January.Experience unnecessary. For treeparticulars, write J. Leonard, (former Cril Service Examiner) 33cEquitable Build-ng, Washington,D. C. radv) ;LostBetween Frankfort and Cynt.hiana. ione 33x4 Goodrich Cord Tire andRi.u. Black and white tire cover. IReturn to Bourbon Garage and ic-jceive reward. (tf) !Administrator's Notice'All parties indebted to the estate 'of the late J. A. Dudley are re- jquested to settle with the undersigned. Those having claims against Ithe estate will please present sameproperly proven according to law, Ifor payment.W. X. DUDLEY,(4-3wks) Administrator. 'Administrator's NoticeAll persons havins- claims against-the estate of the late George W. !Davis, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and pavment.All nersons knowinsr thpimelve.;indebted to the estate of th'j said !George W. Davis in any way arehereby nottified to call on the under- jsigned Administrator ond make a fulland just settlemer.i of all such indebtedness. OWEN L. DAVIS.Administrator of Geo. W. Davis. .(dec31-4wks)OBACCOn vest InIndustrieston UtilitiesIncorporated in KentuckyMain Street Lexington, Ky,WantedFurnished apartment for lighthouseke-ping, by couple without children. Reference furnished by Parisparties. Inquire of BOURBONNEWS. '(dec3-tf)Farm Loans, 6TERMS 5 AND 10 YEAKSS. T. & E. W. RA2IDLE502 FAYETTE NAT. BAM,LEXINGTON, &Y.dec28-tf)WELDINGAUTO REPAIRING AND GENERAL MACHINE WORK. 'HIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 73.(may4-3mo)I II ICHIROPODISTFootSpecialistAll Troubles of theFEETRemoved Withoutthe KnifeEVERYTUESDAYANDFRIDAYW.-OfficeWINDSOR HOTELParis, Ky., iCompanyW WnW3"" MJ- Ii" 'W'&.sMu-wrmmummmAAim mmmimmmmaammmmmmmmammmmmBtmaammmmmmmmmI-jmCM -iky -Itffcli. VAfthfojEiqu "iiA - ir-iUrt'fltfcyl .,,-.Avt ltoUilBa.. '1 'mj "ELTS m. ' -UL7"(B9T2aESm.gEEraszasawwTiiiwmyi.j."T"r-VNTOT BOURBON WW PAWS; UamJCKTOT3DAY, JANUARY 11. 1$21I;I.k'rV.VTVfr-MILLERSBURGMrs. R. M. Caldwell isable tobe out again.Mrs. Mary Plummer and familyvisited relatives in Winchester , Friday. Mrs. G. E. Reynolds entertained the Bridge Club, Friday afternoon. Mesdames Clara Shanks, FannieNorton and Anna Darnell continuevery much the same.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst visited xelatives in Flemingsburg, Sunday and Monday.Mr. William Thorn, of Louisville, is the guest of his mother,Mrs. Sarah Thorn, and family.-Mis. George Jeffreys, of Lexing--ton,was the guest of her sister.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, Wednesday.The Red Cross stamps sold inMillersburg for the benefit of theTubercular Fund amounted ic$68.82.Mr. R. M. Caldwell is able tobe out again attar having bbeu. confined to his home for several dayswith grippe.Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Davis havemoved to Faris, where they will reside in the future. Mr. Davis willbe associated with George R. Davl3,undertaker.Mrs. Bayles DeBell returned toher home at Ewing, Wednesday,, after spending two weeks as housekeeper for R. M. Caldwell, while herdaughter, Mrs. Caldwell, was a patient in Massie Memorial Hospital,P.n ric-Mrs. M. E. Pruitt gave a sur-prise dinner to a number of youngladies Sunday, in honor of herdaughter, Miss Elizabeth Pruitt'sfifteenth birthday. Miss Pruitt didnot know anything of the pleasurein store for her until she returnedhome from church Sunday, finding anujmber of her friends already present. A delightful menu was served.Mrs. laiv Dan Harbeson andi-,-. r iiivi1vqi' rF vniirtp' 'Robeit Harbeson will give a concert jin M. C. Auditorium, i?iiuay even-- in. .- G . A ft n'nlnnl.ring. January j.4111, ai o.w w w.iiTir the ausnices of the TwentiethCentuiy Club. Thoy will give a rognm of popular music and a largeaudience is sure to greet them.Millersburg people have : great treatin store for then'.Prof. S. C. Jcnes, of the Uni-veisifv .if Kentucky, addressed thestudents and a large number of visitors at the chpael exercises or theMilleisburg Graded Schooi. At theinvitation of the school Prof. Joneswas sent to Milleisburg by the Lnivervly to determine the adaptabilityof a vacant lot, r-ropei ty of theschool for agricultural experimentwork. He was very enthusiastic concerning the future prospects of suckwork, and gave some helpful suggestions for carrying out tha plar.swhich he suggested.The following is a list of interments in the MUloreburg Cemeteryduring the year 1920 F .aiu 1.Davis Ethel Biaanock, Calc vCoirington, Joseph Plummer. ,.its.itna V. Stoker, Martin N. Bowles,therman Parish, Mrs. Kate Richardson Mrs. Adella Miller, Mis. RachelA Wagoner, Mrs. Minnie C. Carpenter, Mrs. Mollie Jane Layson,Reynolds Wagoner, E. .Murphy.Mre. Amelia Trigg Wood Mfes AnnaT Wood, Porter Jett. Mrs. RiaaConway, Mrs. Sarah Jane lrigg.Mrs Sallie Cameron, Dinty MoorecSphe" Hugh D Campbell, CarriePnmer Mrs5 Elizabeth Corrlngon.Clarence Howard, Mrs t Amenta,Dimmett, Cfcailes Talbot.., HarryBaxter Boulden.VOBItfER PARIS PEOPLE HAVEWllOW- ESCAPEMr and Mrs. Lacey J. Clark, formerly of Paris, had a narrow escapefrom being burned to death Fridaypnorning when their home, ohOjbley avenue, in Lexington, was burned They were awakened by neighbors just in time to escape from theburning building.The fire, which is thought to havebeen of indendary origin, originatedat the home of Dr. Willis, adjoiningand quickly communicated to tnehome occupied by Mr, and Mrs.Clark. When Mr. antf Mrs. Clarfcawoke they did not have time todress, and made their way from th.house attired only in their nightclothes. None of the household ef-rrTStcd that the housewas valued at ?8,000, and the , lo tr.ihe contents will approximate ?3.,00 The damage was partly coverId bv insurance. The loss to thresinceof Dr. Willis wdMJJbeing completed so as to be readyfor occupancy on March 1, u. .about?4.500, with insurance of about va,?ir and Mrs. Clark formeily redded in Paris, the former being auonetlwe Deputy Sheriff under hisfither the late E. P. Clark. Mr?.Sark is a sister of Wm. H. Whaley,of Paris.oSSll vMJJ, O 'ZlL's oiir."Pape's Cold Compound"Breaks any Coldm Few HoursTnslant reliet! liun't stay stuffedopl Quit blowing and snuffling! Adose of "Papes's Cold Compound'taken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks upanv cold. .Tlie very first dose opens cloggedaostrils and the air passages of the-lfeaa-stops nose running; relievesIhe headache, dullness, isverisnness.. "Papp'c Cold Compound" actsclck, 'sure, and costs only a fewSits af drug stores. It acts withut awlsUnce. .tastes nice, containsao Klnlrie. inilst uponPEIEST SAYS BLACKMAIL BESP0N5IBLE FOR PROHIBITION(Brooklyn Eagle)"No one should have the leasescruple about evading- it, breaking itor defying it," raid Rev. Dr. JohnL. Belfprd, recto f cf the Church ofthe Nativity, in the Mentor, in regard to the prohibition amendment.Continuing, Father Belford says'This iniquitous law is here, andit looks as if it was- here to stav fora long time. It U the worst invasion of personal liberty tha worldhas ever seen. It is not tha win ofj.the American people. It is the willol a small majority of narrowminded bigots who have availedthemselves of a weak spot in theconstitution and foiced upon the majority a low which :"s as iniquitous asit is odious. It ::s an unjust low.No one is bound to obey it. No oneshould have the least scruples aboutevading it, breaking it or defying it.' "How. vou will ask. could such ilaw be enacted? It owes its existence to a band of fanatical thussJ and blackmailers. They have heldup legislators as truljr as ever ahighwayman -held up his victim.They have browbeaten, bulldozed,threatened and frightened men intosupporting a measure which everydecent man loathes and every honest man despises."They hired hundreds of spies, detectives and invsst' gators, put themen the track of every legislator whowould not promise to support theiriniquitous measure, and then, whenihey had crawled through the sewers and ?t::iined the cesspools forscandt:!, they produced their vile evidence and bade the victim deliver'"CIH.t "" UU.UV HI- . 11...W.I "V,,hjS VQte or accept the infamy of ex....posure."Then they bought others withvoles. For the one legislator who really believes in prohibition there areat lecst two who neither believe init nor practice it. Let us hope thatllipof- mnrW rn Maniohees who haOproduced this infamous legislationwill now proceel io make it :-s odious as Dossible. Give them all thep,es Tney can use; Jet them choosethir insnf-p.t.ors. detectives andagnt; give them the right to enterany house, at iny hour, and searchfor hidden liquor; allovv them atsight to destroy anything that lookslike liquor. Then let us see 4iovlong the American people will standthem. Smaller things than this havebrought on revolutions. Talk aboutAmerica being"The Land of tlu- FreeAnd the Home of the Brave!"This brood of vipers has made it"The Land of the FreakAnd the Home of he Knave."LIGHTENING THE GL00H OF5 COURT ROOMOver ii Rockville, Indiana, theother day, all of the attorneys in acase called for trial appeared in formal evening .clothes. The spectators in the court room were highlyamazed until it was whispered aboutthat the juiv, for the first time, wasto be composed entirely of- women,and that the learned barristers uaddonned their clawhammers as amean of properly celebrating theevent. .. . . ,But to have msde tne picturetruly mem. rable, he ladies of the1ury should have won their tvenmggowns. The court should have hadhis judicial hands encased in whitekids. He .might hove parneu a yshat upon the bench to lend an air ofdistinction. The Damns, iuu, ""&""have decked themselves out a bit.During the recess of court, ices andcake could have been served, anddancins had to the music of a gram-tVTy' likely,in the meltew iUnjof legal equality wmcu wuuu -resultedfrom this highly social affair the cause at bar between plainM aid defendant would have beenadjudicated over the fruit juicepunch bowl. The parties at Irauocould then nave led the grand aarchThus the asperities of a law courtmight have been softened and a valuable precedent and example set. Agolden opportunity has been wasted.DOCTOR WANTS WINES BACK ONLEGAL LISTUse of light wines and liquors isrecommended by he Pertn-Amboy,N J Medical society, m o. iction "adopted recently. The resolution suggests the ?ificatl1Jtoftlll5!Volstead Act so as to permit theiruseThe explanation given is that ' intoxication has become alarminglymore prevalent tUau Deioie vactment of the Volstead Act."Mothers and children are innocently or otherwise partaking ofcopious brews of fermented fruitsor similar ingredient?." the nxwtion continues, "the effect of whichis to bring about in many cases astartling condition of intoxicationin homes where it hrs aever betor!existed "" The "resolution has been smiled toCongressional nominees of the Stateof New Jersey.1 oKeep Smiling.There is only one way to ward offcare. Make your mind impervious toattack. Just as the germs of diseasecan make no impression on a healthybody, so little devils of unhappinessare unable to thrust their brittlelances through an armor of cheerfulness. And remember tnat otners wmtake heart from your example. Thehappier you are) the more happlnesiyou create, and the greater hi tbeshare of happiness for everybody.London Dally Express.w oRules.Beth, aged six, announced ftt. dinner: T,apa, I have made npA threerules to go by, and I am going to Iteepthem all my life. First, 'Be kind toeveryone; second, 'Keep out pf ftoger'; third and best of all, 'Whjn3grow up and get marrlea and Tiae alittle girl of my ownif I have eoeinrf' tke hewfe gets afire. BttTe SMBchild M From Life.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings, and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Baker Slmith, of Paris, wasa recent guest of Mr. and Mis. DeWitt, in Carlisle.Miss Irfargaret Minogue has returned from a visit to Mrs. AloisPeters, in Carlisle.Miss Katherine Belle Mclntyre"ia ieiuriifc'u 10 nei nome in Georgetown, after a visit to Paris friends.Mrs. Victor Howard, of Georgetown, is a guest at the home cf MissImogene Bedmon, on Cypress street.James M. Cochran, of Ft.Wayne, Indiana, is a guest of hisdaughter, Mrs. Thos. W. Wells, neatParis.Howard Colliver, of Carlisle,nas taken a posioon as clerk in theGatewood & Smith Confectionery, inthis city.?Ir&. William Ccoper has returned from -a visU to friends andrelatives in Harrodsburg and Mercer county.Harry Mitchell, of Mitchell,Moreland & Mitchell, real estateagents, was a business visitor inCincinnati several days the pastweek.Mrs. Calla Nicholas entertainedwith cords at her home on Eighthstreet, in horor of her cousin, Mrs.Henry Meade, who is visiting Parisrelatives.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Websterand childien, of near Paris, spentthe week-end as guests of Mrs. Webter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. GunTher, in Owingsville.JTr. and Mrs. Case Mai tin andMrs. J. M. Booher have returned totheir homes in Cynthiana, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas C.Whaley, n East Paris.Miss Helen Leigh has returnedto her school duties in the NorthMiddletown Graded School afterspending the holidpys at her oldhome in Marion, Illinois.Homer Shy, of the city jmailcarrier force, who has been confinedto his home with a lame foot forscime lime if abl3 to be out, and hasresumed his regulai duties.Shelby County Record : "Mr.Harry Horion, of Paris, has returned to Shelbyville after an absenceof several months to resume his position with the J. P. Taylor Co."Mrs. Charles G. Daagherty en jtertained Saturday morning at herhome on Pleasant street, in honorof Mrs. Overton Harber, of Richmond, who is a guest of relatives.Mrs Anna Wallace was hostedto a number of friends at her homoon Twelfth street, with bridge, inhonor of her n:ecc, Mrs. MyitleSnell, of Lexington, who has beenher guest.Judge and Mrs. Denis Dnndor.were guests Saturday night at adinner given by Mi. and Mrs. J. H.Reister, in Cynthiana, in honor ofCol. P. H Callahan, of Louisville,who addressed the Cynthiam: Woman's Club in the afternoon.V7ill Fitzgerald, formerly ofpnri? where he v,as empilljed a3clerk' in th People's Pharmacy, wasrja recent vimor in raris. mi. -ni.-"i-raldis row with the Gayle DrugCo. in Fr&nkfort, and is Secretaryof the State Board of Pharmacy-James Tinder, of North Middletown, has gone to Birmingham,Alabama, to tike a position with hituncle. James Tinder, Sr., who is amanufacturing optician. He v-as accompanied by his father, Rev. F. K.Tirder, who will visit friends andrelatives in Birmingham.At .he regulai meeting of theNorth Middletown Woman's Club,Friday afternoon the following program was rendered: "Constitutionof the Apoftolic Age," Mrs John S.Talbott; "Saul of Taisus'' Mrs. y,.K. Hagan; "Paul On Mare Kill,Miss Mildred Collin b.Frederick A. Wallis, CommisBioner of Immigration, with headquarters at Ellis Island, near NewYork has been in Paris for severaldays ' on a combined business j andpleasure trip. Mrs. Wallis has beer,at the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Thomas Henry Clay, for severalweeks.Loui3 Grosche, of Akron, Ohio,ib a gut-st of his brotters, Jos. J.and Wm. Grosche, m ans. n.Grosche hS been with the AkronGrocery Co., in "the rubber cityr.., Q virtnir home bv advice otUUl VyO.iH'- W.H.. -his physicians, on account of bronchial trouble. jvjr. uiuusdescribing the effects of the businessdepression throughout the countiy,said he was told Jjst before he leftkron that over 100,000 men haabeen laid off in the various industries of Akron, where the censusgave a total population of over 200.-000. rv(Other Personals on Page 5)TTvrpnPTA-NTT TO FORMER SER-VICE MENFor ner service men ir Paris andBourhon county should delve intoIheir mein.ories and recorus atonce. Maybe some of them ownLibert v Bonds they have forgottenabout," or they may have moneycoming to them.According to dispatches fromWashington the Finance Officer ofthe United States army has on nana4,800 Libei ty Bonds subscribed andpaid for by soldiers through the allotment syptem. which lie is unableto deliver, because he does not knoyto whezn they belong. Correct addresses are lacking. He also nas 6,600 discharge certificates to oacb ofwhich is attached a 460 bonusclieck, and som3 have excrp, ayand allowance. These certificatesWcro fnrwarded Lo him as proof Of(claims but lacked the proper returnaddresses. . ..Should any Bourbon county veteran be wondering what has becomeof his discharge certificate whKhhe eejit to Washington this is probablf v&iere it is, due to Ws forgetfulneMfi giving, correct iTdturn mdresB.'' O T "Many a man kas lost money on aeur'e ihinKtfeafciMie he wa afraid totake cfcaaes.OPPORTUNITYFor You To Get aSincerity Suit or Overcoat at25 DISCOUNTThe old saying is, "Opportunity Knocks But Once." Well, it has knocked herefor you to get one of the best known brands on the market.1 YJ TSe W! a5c ,0S'nS-wc exPect t0 do at when.. wv,. V1 p.uuui.uii iui vsvtiymni mat youKut, however, you arc needing a spit or overcoatpossible, such as the following:$45.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $33.50$SO.OO Suit or Overcoat Repriced $37.50$55.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $41.25$60.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $45.00$62,50 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $46. 75$65.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $48.75$70.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $52.50$75.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $56.25$80,00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced.. $60.00$85.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $63.75Come In While the Selection is GoodHMAMMOTH GARAGE AT IEXDSTGTON BURNED.Backfire from a truck caused a Iblaze Uiat burned 10 automobilesand endangered 250 others at Mapimoth Garage, in Lexington. RichardWebb, proprietor, was burned aboutthe face. The fire damage is o?ti-mated by Mr. Webb at $10,000 to'$15,000. covered by insurance, i"Jim Server," untamed wildcat mas-.cot of the University of Kentucky jfootball team, slept peacefully on the ifirst floor while automobiles were ',burning on the floor above.: ?r; . Irire, Wind and Lightning lnsur-,anrgTHOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANDesirable Canned GoodsSold Regardless of CostIn order to get the room to enlargemy tea room, I will sell out myttock of groceries and canned gdoHregardless of cost. Come in and geeyour groceries at wholesale priceswhile they last.Here are a few of the many bargains I am offering:Smrll cans Stdi:dard Californiapeaches, in syrup, 20 cents.Small cans California Apricots insyrup. 20 cents.Large caps Standard Californiapeach(-s, in syrup, 35 cents.Larire cans fancy CaliforniaLarge cans fancy California Apricots, in syrjp, 40 cents.Small cars grated pineapple, 25cents.No 2 fancy taw toes, 2 cans for25 cents.No. 2 fancy tomatoes, 2 cans for25 cents.No. 2 standard pears, 15 cents.All canned Loups. 10 cents.Potato3s, per peck, 45 cents.All other goods in proportion.Mrs. fcllis tash broceryOpposite Court House,m ii. r-t 1;h GiDR. W, J. KirFVETERINARIANSuccessor to Dr. WatsonOffice InB0UEE0N GARAGE. PARIS. KY.(nov-19-tf) Both Phones 347.IMMIIHIIIJJIIIIIIIIHIS. P. M0HNEY'ChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARIS.BMMHMBHtMMBEnHrlMyrWM.HMpwr','reM aj'Tjt 'BCOLLINSFor 23 Yearsi'lHiroSAPPHIREDOESBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsIX1ii Teleohone No. 4-IXX-l ne jourDan iaunarjrlaris,glXixagjgjisjiiessg-giiggirggsirii irr Tiimi n . nmrmakc intivi HArriBv Givlnsr Them Gifts - for rlolidavsThat They Can Enjoy the Whole YearThrough, such asELECTRIC GRILLS VACUUM CLEANERSTOASTERS WASHING MACHINESIRONS FLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and thw 4aysItfft over tramLetUs Demonstrate the GoldenThroatecl Cfaxtonola. PysAny Record.T. W.KNOCKS !you farmers are taking Iraise.We have made theprice&C0Uf Ll and RecordNEEDLE ! NO CHANGE ! INOT WEAR RECORDS !M.E.PRUITT,Millersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.West Fifh StreOUR WATCHW0&D!With all the latest improve- rSments in laundry appliances mand expert helpers we are rgprepared to do work infe- fjrior to none, and- solicit xyour patronage, $MAriMMkiL,JentuckyeXIsis-ij-isa-s'ijunulast stwsmmSPICERSATISFACT1 OH.c t.!m.j,-S1l' -Vf"TfB1fiJJ.TME BOURBON NEWS, fJUKS, aCNTUCETTUBSDA, JANUAJtY.l. lf2LPVsPWWPHMillljiI1aX"fillnni4!r'Ji01KBOSWOMH AHNOUKCES FORSHF.UIFF IN PAYETTEPowell Bosworth, of Lexington,Tias announced as a candidate lor theoffice of Sheriff of Fayette county.-Mr. Bosworth is a brother of formeiState Auditor Henvy M. Bosworth, of-Lexington, who held office during;the administration of Governor Jas.B. McCreary, and is one of the most"popular iren in Lexington. Hemarried a Bourbon county girl,''Miss Griffith, of Paris, which shovedhe has remarkably, good judgment.INCOME TAX IN A NUTSHELL1921, is thereturns andof Internali which theEDITORIAL FUNGS OF THIS,THAT TEN 'TOTHERIt is to be regretted that tobaccois selling below ihe cost of production, but the decline from last yearis not as great as either cotton orcorn.. .LfelSURELINESSv IN REAMNCfAmericans are not leisurely iniheir habis of action or thought,end most of t-hem have never recognized the importance of leisurelinesuin reading. Some of them devourbooks and magazines with a sort offurious gusto; most of them whenthey read, skkn the surface, takingin only so much ao is necessary fora rapid and general comprehensionof the author's thought. Reauinathat is essential to a man's work isLABOR NOW PEELING EFFECTOF DEPRESSION.Who? Single persons who had anet income of $1,000 or more for the'year 1920; manied couples who hadiiet income of$2,000.When? March 15,final date for rillingmaking first payments"WTere? CollectorRevenue iot district i-perton resides.How? Pull directions on Form-.1040A and Form 1040; also the law'Jand regulations.IP , What? Four per cent, normal taxon taxable income up to $4,000 invexcess of exemption. Eight per"cent normal tax on balance ot tax-. -able income. Surtax from 1 perce.it to 65 percent on net incomesover $5,000.oEvery dollar oi your income taxgoes into the common till for rtiocommon good. Pay it to-day.' Basket BaH!Knights of ColumbusPARISvs.St. Joseph's CollegeBARDSTOWNI of course done in a different spirit-If the. tobacco manufacturers re-!Avitll care an, application EutiUo .v vj 4.... v tv, . reaamg 101 ior mr suite ujl uenviiibacco, the public can retaliate by impressions or for enjoyment or evenrefusing to buy the manufactured for the higher purpose of self-culti-article at a high pi ice. It's a poor Vation is usually cursory and oftenrule that won't work both ways9A correspondent writes THENEWS to know whether under acommission form of government thecommissioners are named by thenewsDaners. Our indignation isi . --j scampering Good books snoum rotreceive di usque treatment. Indeed,a really distinguished work of literature had almost :f well go unreadas be read with a skimming ye anda mind intent only on outlines.For the appreciation of putiy es-such that we cannot come back neciallv. the readoi should digmistwith the answer he deserves, but we au preoccupations, should free hi-5will say that he's an impertiuent f 2l- mind from thoughts of time andlow! place and give himself over with aI f.ense of spacious leisure to the poet'sIt ip probably a good thing tor work. He should read meditatively,some of our prominent citizens who 'with mind and ear receptive. Therecan either drink it or let it alone js not much u&e in snatching' a fewthat dynamite does not come in moments to read poetry unless youliquid form. The stuff they drank in car. put ei.tirely tut of mind thothe good old days called for ice wa- necessity of getting the peotry readter the next morning. This present- i within those few moments,day stuff calls foi embalpning fluid j so it is, to a less degree, with theafteward. 'reading of good prose Only the(reader, who -is willing to be letewiimi vrn hnv poods in the stores Invplv will carry i-way the wisdomiof Pans you get the service of peo- ! cf the great writers and enjoy thej pie who have spent their lives 111 J cadence and magic of their style.studying the needs of this commu-! What is caiiea "iignu wuiiuwuity. Whi'n yon end money away ' reading" demands no leisurelinessto a distant city, you put your hand only leieure. Try to choose for yourinto a grab bag and take what you summer reading ft few buoks tohappen to get. This was evidenced -which you will be willing to accordin hundreds of cases preceding the; not only seme of your leisure time,holidays. jbut also the leisureliness of spiritwith which you sit down to talkTHE NEWS isn't the only paper with a well -loved friend.in fii ofotii iii ivVii-'Vi nn oirnr io.cn- I O111 IUC UlU.l 1" "" " --- -As illustrating the effect of the.'present depression and the drop inthe tobacco market, a Bourboncounty farmer cites the following:"During the days when labor onthe farpn dictated its own prices.aid men in the tobacco fieldswere demanding and -receiving from$5.00 to $7.00 per day, the menthought the good thing would lastforever, apparently. Now thty arenot only v. illing but anxious forwork in tobacco. Yesterday I re-engageda number of men who hadbeen stripping tobacco for me, al aprice considerably less than theyhad been icceiving before. This wastheir own proposition, too, for I hadnot mentioned the subject of wagesThey all wanted wcrk and were willing to name their own figuies, atwhich I engaged them. It used tohp. the men were hard to get, andwo-ild name their own terms, butnow it ,jt different, owing to tncslump in tobacco."Ihe average man likes to jmeetstrangers because he. hopes to meetj one some day who will laugh at hisiold jokeb.Friday, Jan, 14th8:00 P. M.ATY. M. C. A. GymnasiumAdmission 25 and 35 CentsALL ARE WELCOME !mnninniiiniMnnnmnimn minimiGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERSuccessor toGEORGE W. DAVISDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONES tDay137ifiTiiTiiTnTntiiTiiATiAiTnTiiTnTi iTi .Ti Ti "Night2994HHIIIII1IIHMPUBLIC SX,EOFsicually appears. For instance. A WOMEN:g CLTJB IvIEMBERS TOScolt county man writes to ms , wv"-""p a-h pA-RftT-FT) ftlULShome paper: "Please correct the .GuAKD PAKULU IxLKbbmarriage of Tip Brown and Ida Iscrojrnam. wmen is a jm&Laixe, aoyouNhad hic age as 83,ought to have bean 33."Charles Fothererill saysOdd Fellows Gave installednlavnr niano in ihe lodgthere is great nvairy anicng mu ,mptYiiiPr5 n tn who shall have theThe first active step of the Ken-xaKe, tl.pl..r nriPr.Ition of Women's Clubwdien ltj assiStinE: narolo agents of the1 w- -.State Board of Charities and Coirec-tion was taken last week when rep-rooontntivpt; r-f tll. flllhs ill this d'S-new ' i.-t mot yxifh th,-. "Rnnrd :it rheroom. ) House 0f Reform, Greendale.Under the prin of co-operationitssince theamembers as to who shall have tne i oonted bv the Federation athonor of presiding at the instru- 1ast convention on-.- member of eachiiwiivjJ. ui. i-i xu.t, ww iaSt COIlveiltlUll UUV liicmuci ui ciument. But as a player piano does local club will keep in touch withnot require a musical genius to pe-' home conditions surroundingrate it the questior of operating the 'paioied prisoners ?nd inmates of thi"canned music machire" ought to be jnouse of Reformone of easy solution. nte branch of the Federation'sactivities will be under the jurisdicjtion of the Department of PhilanW4ion you see a -'oung man carry- thiophy, of v-hich Miss Rebeaing a pink parasof for a girl it's a Gordon Averill, Frankfoit, is chairsign they i' re not married. man.BOURBON COUNTY FARMSaturday, January 22nd, 1921As'Hirviving partner and agent for the Plummer heirs, the undersigned. W'll sell at public auction,on SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1921, at 10 o'clock a. m., on the premises, the farm of Hammer & McClnre.TRACT NO. 1 Contains 186 541-1000 acres. Improvements consist of a comfortable five roorn r?sidence, a new six icre tohacco ham,. a new horse barn and al? necessary out-buildings.TRACT NO. 2 Contains 141 79-100 acres. Improvements consist of a comfortable fiame residence ofsix rooms, a i?ew six-acre tobacco barn, a new horse barn and all necessary out-friiildings.The location is good, ZVz miles from Paris on the Jackstown pike. The entire farm is now in hluegrass, with the exception of twelve acres. Seventy-five acres of this farm are in old blue grass sod thathas not been plowed for tweniy-two years. All splendidly watered and newly fenced.Prospective purchasers are invited to call on Mr. Squire Lucas, who lives on the farm, to show theprope? ty.TERMS Liberal. Will be announced day of sale.JAMES McCLURE(ll-4t)t VdENTIRE STOCK MUST BE SOLDAt a Big Loss to Us, in order to Raise Money. Now is your opportunity toGet High Grade Goods at the Price of Cheap Made Suits andOvercoats. This Sale is an Absolute NecessityPROFIT BY OUR LOSS.MEN'S OVERCOATS APHALF PRICE.$80.00 Overcoats Now j $40.0075.00 Overcoats Now 37.5070.00 Overvoats Now 35.0065.00 Overvats Now 32.5060.00 Overcoats Now 30.0050.00 Overcoats Now 25.0040.00 Overcoats Now 20.0035.00 Overcoats Now 1 7.5020.00 Overcoats Now 10.00MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN SUITS ONE-THIRDOFF.$75.00 Suits Now $50.0070.00 Suits Now 46.6565.00 Suits Now I . 43.3560.00 Suits Now 40.0055.00 Suits Now -- 36.6550.00 Suits Now 33.3545.00 Suits Now 30.0040.00 Suits Now 26.6530.00 Suits Now 20.0025.00 Suits Now 1 6.65BOYS KNEE PANTS SUITS ON-THIRD OFF.$10.00 Suits Now L - $6.6512.50 Suits Now T 8.351 5.00 Suits Now 1 0.0018.00 Suits Now 12.0025.00 Suits Now 1 1 6.6522.50 Suits Now ' 15.0030.00 Suits Now 20.00ONE-THIRD OFF ON UNDERWEAR.$1.50 Garments Now $1.002.50 Garments Now 1.753.00 Undersuit Now 2.003.50 Undersuit Now 2.354.00 Undersuit Now 2.65H i 3.356.00 Undersuit Now 4.0030 PER CENT OFF ON DRESS SHIRTS.$1.50 Shirts Now $1.052.00 Shirts Now 1 .402.50 Shirts Now 1.853.00 Shirts Now 2.103.50 Shirts Now 2.454.00 Shirts Now 2.855.00 Shirts Now 3.501 .50 Work Shirts now 1 .00BOYS OVERCOATS AND MACINTOSHES.$10.(X) Ovrcoats Now $6.6512.51) Overcoats Now 8.3515.00 Overcoats Now 10.001 8.00 Overcoats Now 1 2.0022.50 Overcoats Now 15.0025.00 Overcoats Now 16.6530.00 Overcoats Now 20.00SWEET 0RRC0RD SUITS.$30.00 Values Now $20.508.50 Cord Pts Now 6.000UTINGCL0TH NIGHT SHIRTS$1.50 Values NowI $1.002.00 Values Now 1.502.50 Values Now 1.7520 PER CENT REDUCTION ON MEN'S HATS.$15.00 Values Now $12.0010.00 Values Now 8.008.50 Values Now 6.907.50 Values Now 6.006.50 Values Now 5.205.00 Values Now 4.00REDUCED PRICES ON ALL GLOVES25 Per Cent. Reduction on All Sweaters.20 Per Cent. Reduction on All Ties and Mufflers.20 Per Cent. Reduction on Raincoats, odd pants for men and BoysKnee Pants.20 Per Cent. Reduction on Mens' and Boys' Caps.NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY COME AND BE CONVINCED.PRICEcft-OTCOMPANYHIJt'v. " -t ...Jmx29JttF'Z& -- '$'"VIjsaL&. . -5i&t.-2V1-j-tL"-, - i5r i-If&lA.kfsess--xmTUESDAY, JANllARy 11, 19211 VfA I.? Jdh -- , ik A. &THC BOURBON NEWS, FAWS, KBWTOCKPAGE FITBFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESILVER REDUCTIONSWe are pleased to announcea reduction of twent per cent,on Sterling Silver Flatwarenad a noticeable reduction inHollowware.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(jan7-tf)SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAuctioneer M. F. Keimey soldSaturday for Master CommissionerO. T. Hinton, the Wallingford cottage, on Winchester street, to 3Td.Shchan, for $1,200.-, oATTENTION, U. R. K OF P.Regular meeting of A. J. LovelyCompany, No. 3., Uniform Rank,Knights of Pythias, to-morrownight. Wednesday, January 12, at7:30 o'clock. Business of great importance. Come in full uniform.There will be "something doing. 'WM. W. DUDLEY, Capt.oNOTICE TO MEMBERS BUSINESSWOMEN'S CLUB.- The Bourbon County Business Woman's Club will hold an importantmeeting m the Club rooms to-morrowafternoon. Every member is urgedto be piesent, as this meeting willbe one of unusual importance. Don'tfail to be there, as your presence isneeded.BOURBON EARM CONDITIONSWork on the faiims of Bourboncounty is almost at a standstill, dueto the demoralized condition of thetobacco market The live stockmarket ;s also demoralized. Everything on the farm is being disposedof at a loss, according to the farmers. Then is no market for horsesand mules.The weai her being opsn and mildis helping to save large feed bills.Corn and hay are plentiful. Countryproduce is selling lower than fortome lime. The general situationis discouraging, but the farmers arooptiim'Ftic, and believe better timesare just ahead.oDOWN THEY GO.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Lotus peaches, 30 cents, the can,Serv-Us peas, 15 cents the canSuv-Us soup, large size, 4 for 25cents. The abovre bargains will goin a hurry.C. P. COOK & COo-BIG SUIT SALELadies, don't overlook ourhalf price sale on our entireline of high grade suits.FRANK & CO.A CARD, TOTHE VOTERSPARISOFIn this issue of THE NEWS is myofficial announcement of my candidacy for Chip! of Police of Paris. Iwill endeavor to He all the voters,both men and women, during thecompaign, and present (my claimsfor tneir consideration. I feel thatI can fill the office to the satisfactionof the people, and would endeavor todo so.GEO. W. JUDY.-oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND AIAMOMrs. T. M. Armstrong and twosons, oi Pans, are guests of IMrs.John W. Biierly, ii. Crayton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Dowwill leave to-day foi Tampa, Florida,to spend the remainder of the winter. Mrs R. L. Stout, of Paris,Illinois, is a guest at the home of hercousin, Harry O. James, and Mrs.James, on Pleasant street.Miss Bettie Louise Mcllvainehas returned to her home in Georgetown, after a vi3it to her grandmother, Mrs. Bettie Mcllvauie, inParis.With the close of the holidaysthe boys and girls have returnedto their schools and universities, andas a consequence, there will be alull in society events until the nextholiday comes around.The Knights of Columbus Dancing Club wishes to announce adance at Lexington K. of C. Hall,following the basket-ball game tobe played between Paris K. of C. andLexington K. of C. teajms to-night,(Tuesday), January 11, dancing 9 to3 2:30, Montague's Orchestra."Mrs Albert H. Morehead andsons, Jamer and Albert Moiehead.Jr., formerly of Paris, have returnedto Lexington, from a visit to Mrs.Morehead's mother, Mrs. Noah, inChattanooga, Tenn. James Morehead has returned to his studies atSt. Mary's College, near Lebanon.At the meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., held Saturday afternoon, with Mrs. Henry S.Cay wood, in Ncp't-h .Middletowi.Miss Rolf, of the P. H. S. facultygave a sketch of the ProvincetownCentenary. An interesting progianiwas presented, with Mrs. Cay woodas hostess.The Bourbon County ChapteiWar Mothers, held the. first meetingof the new year in the County Courtroom yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock. The attendance was fullyup to the average. The businessmeeting was followed by a socialhour, when an interesting prograjmwas rendered.Mrs. James Garrison Metcalfe,of Paris, was one of the guests Saturday at a buffet luncheon given inLexington by Mrs. Robert M. Coleman, in honor of her sister. Mrs.Richard M. Stoll. The attractiverooms were bedecked with pinkroses, which were en the tables inthe dining room with pink candles.About fifty guests weie nresent.Recent marriage licenses granted by County Clerk Pearce Faton,are as follows: Francis S. Smith, 21,Paintiville, oil operator, and MissVirginia Jacoby, 21, of near Paris;Arthur B. Zornes, painter, 21, ofParis, and Miss Bertha Mullen, ofCvnthiana; Claude Hillock, Nicholacounty farmer, and Miss Helen Purdy, oC Millersburg; J. D. Bunnell,72, Lexinglon,. anc Mrs. Mary JaneAdams, 36, Lexington.With the passing of the holidaysthe clubs of the city and county haveresumed activities.. The War Mothers held an interesting meeting inthe County Court room yeslerday.The Bourbon Counly Business Woman's Club will meet for a businesssession to-morrow. At me raeeunsof the Millersburg Century Club, tobe held in the auditorium of theMillersburg College, Friday, MissMary Dan Harbcson and Capt. Robt.Harbcson, taler.ied vocalists, willfeature a mu&icale. The NorthMiddletown Woman's Club will meetFriday, with an interesting programto be given. The Bourbon CountyWomen's Club will hold a specialsession in the Club rooms Saturdayafternoon, when Miss Grace Wilmot of New York, will lecture on"Artistic Furnishings," illustratedwith fabrics and slides.FEDERAL COURT OPENS SES1 SI0KS IN LEXINGTONThe Federal District Court of theEastern District of Kentucky openedits second session in Lexington ateleven o'clock yesterday mcrning,Judge A. M. J. Cochran presiding.A docket of unusual proportions is,to be tried during this term of courtAmong the large number of equitycases are the following in whichBourbon county people may be interested: Co-operating Lard & DevelopmentCo. vs. J. A. Dennis, et al.; HenryClay Howard vs. Carter Oil Company; A. E. Hundley, et. al. vs.Bourbon Oil & Development Co.; C.C. Bosworth, Receiver, vs. March-jnont Oil Co.; Marchmont Oil Co. vs.Bourbon O.l & Development Co.The following haye been summoned from Bourbon county as jurors a:this term: Grar.d Jury WarrenRogers and Louis Rogers; PetitJury Horace M. Collins, Ed. T.Hinton, Woodford Spears, Robert P.Dow and Jos. Jacoby.The criminal docket of the court.Avhile not completely prepared consist& of more than 150caseJ. Morethan three-fourths of thecases listed are for violations of the National Prohibition Act. The. sessionsof court is expected o be completedwithin two weeks, despite the largonumber of cases. It may be necessary, however, to extend this time,as a -number of the equity cases tobe tried aro lengthy and will consume a great deal of time.oA lot of boys still in hospitalswould be glad to pay a 1920 incometax. How about yours?ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR TAX CCMMISSIONIiRWe are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.LostBrindle Boston Terrior Pup, 6months old. Reward. Return toMRS. KATHERINE DAVIS CRAK.Livery Stable, Feed, Saleand Hitch'I have opened a stable en Second and High stieets, Murphy'sStock Yards, wherj I am prepared totake care of your horses for fe-d andhitch. Your patronage is solicited.(ll-3h) M. J. MURPHY.For RentStoreioom at No. G20 Main street.Possession can be given February 1.Apply toMRS. MARIA LYONS,(11-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.To-day, Tuesday, January 11.Bate Daniels, in "Oh, Lady, Lady;'.Mr. and Mrs. Carter DeHaven, ir.comedy, "Never Again;" PatheNews.To-morrow, Wednesday, January12. Constance Binney, in "Somethinir Different:" Capitol comedy,"Fingers and Pockets;" Topics ofThe Day.Thursday, January 13 Dustir.Farnum, in "'Big Happiness;" RuthRoland, in seventh episode of "Ruthof The Rockies;" Pathe News.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand evening.. oKNIGHTS 0E COLUMBUS TO MEETSTRONG TEAMThe basketball team of th2 localCouncil Knights of Columbus andthe strong tam from St. Joseph'sCollege, at Bardstown, will meet oathe Y. M. C. A. gymnasium floor Inthis city, Friday night, at eighto'clock. The local team has beenputting in extra hours in team workand in absorbing impoitant plays onthe floor, and will be prepared togive ttn.'ir opponents a hard struggle for the honors The St. JosephCollege team is one of the strongestin the State, with a good record behind them. This game will be onewell wo"th seeing. Come and bringa delegation with you. to lend yourmoral support to the local team.POUR PARIS BANKS DECLAREDIVIDENDSThe four Paris banks have declared the following dividends:Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust.Company,- ix per cent, semi-annualdividend nrd aded $6,000 to the taraccount; Peoples and Deposit Bank& Trust Company, five per cent, dividend and $10,829 to undividedprofits; for 'he year tlrn First National B-ink declared four quarter!dividends of three per cent, and twone-pcr-cent. special dividends, making total dividends of fourteen percent- the Farmers 4b Traders i.am;cent inu ramies -- .u., -"declared a three, per ,centv scim-anNial nivi'deha and 'added $15000 ttoThe dance given by the BourbonCotillon Club in the ball room of theMasonic Tejmple last week was. oneof the most delightful social functions of the new year. The spaciousdancing room was beautifully decolated with Southern smilax andgreen and white draperies. Mr. andMrs. James Garrison Metcalfe led.At midnight a luncheon of coffeeand sandwiches was served. Therewas a large attendance, many fromout-of-town participating. Amongthe guests were the following fromother places: Mr. and Mrs RxCorpenter, Mr. and Mrs. WarfieldGratz, Mr. and Mis. Stanhope Wiedemann, Miss Willie Lee Clark, Edward Stoll, Baylor VanMeter, Leonard Shouse. Jr.. Dr. ana Mrs. uuu-son, Lexington; Mifrs Mary MillerBrown, of Louisville; Miss AnnaCamden, of Versailles; Mr. and Mrs.Miles McKinlay, of New Jersey,Stockton, of Maysville.(Other Personals on .rage t)-o 'T-RAPTOR SCHOOL WILL FEATURE FARMERS'What is expected to be'lone of themrnn f eatui es of the Ninth Annualtpo. ant TTnmp f!rmvention to Deheld at the College of Agriculture,University of Kentucky, February1-4, will be the four-day tractorschool. At least five representativetypes of farm tractors will be available for study according to thosewho are planning the course. Lectures will be given on all phases oftractor care and operation and laboratories conducted where those taking tho work can study and opeiatethe different ma'ces of machines.The course will open Tuesdaymorning, February 1, with a lecture on "The General Constructionof Gas Engir-es." From tne.nthroughout the fen days of the corvention a complete study of tractorsand ;heir care wi3l be made. Alllectures will be illustrated by meaiof charts and tractor accessories.Arrangements are being mdethf.t those talcing the special tractocourse lll be given an opportunityof attending the general assembliesw-nirih will be held at the close ofFor Sale PrivatelyFive-room cottage of jmodern construction, equipped with electriclights, gas and both. Located onBrent Avenue. Nt.w occupied bygood-paying tenants. Lot 00x120feet. Possession given March 1.Call Cumberland phone 849.(11-lmo)Plenty of CoalWe have plenty of fine coalin our Paris yards. Guaranteed tosatisfy. Buy now and save futurecosts. We have the best coal to befound in the city.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSCfc LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711; Homo 510.One-fouishoff the - -price ofall underwearis good newsto the manneedingunderwear.Vassar,Coopers,Wilson Bros.,Duofold, -"American Hosiery,in bothseparategarments andunion suits." - """MMWIM"l"M"M"l""T"rgj $3.50 Munsing UnionSuits$3.00 Hanes' Unioni Suits .$2.75 Setsnug UniSuitsT SPECIALS$1.75 Work Shirts 'at$1.50 Fleece-Lined Shirtsand DrawersionS2.45$1.95d-f "TC Best Grade Overalls Ot't QfikGet Under One of Our $5.00 HatsBut Pay OnlyS2.75Biggest Values in the WorldExpresses Our Reductions OnMen's and Boys' SuitsOvercoats and ShoesThese Prices Strictly Cash. Don't Let This Opportunity Get By,xW0LLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home" Call Our Storc"liome"l!flwLEWISmmwiwmmmwir,-ilVVI ;mWE BELIEVEWE CAN SELL YOUIf it comesfrom DesvisFurniture, Rigs, MattingsLinoleums, Wall Paper and Draperiescheaper RIGHT NOW than we can any other timethis year. We are making reductions that the factories are not thinking of making. If you want to savemoney, come to us, and come NOW. These greatlyreduced prices are for.iSTRICTLY CASHIf ye don't sell you goods cheaper than you canbuy them ANYWHERE we do not expect to sell youat all.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINBuy Columbia Graf onolas and Records"1feVIits suiplus fund.the morning sessions each day.i. TJgsMir fsy7"rsf ygy.SL&ar3i.'Hl ."4irAcnsaTHE BOURBON OTWS, PARIS MWTOCgYTUESDAY, JANUAJtT UlMli .4 .KhiSimin8I1EN THERE'S APLAGUEM. IVs In the Land of the DragonOnly Draw Their Salary WhenTheir Patients Are in (roodHealth A Pretty Sensible SystemThe Pour Day Money Back TrialOffer Which All of the Local DnigStores Are Making on Re-Cu-MaGives Everyone in Town an Op.portunity To See Whether Pwe-Cu-MaWill "Benefit Them TheCompany Takes .All of the RiskIt's Just Like Chinese System.If At the End of Pour Dajs ThereIs No Material Improvement Notedthe Buyer Can Beturn the Bottleof Be-Cu-Ma and Every Cent.Paid Por It Will Be Befunded.Walk into your favorite drugstore and i)uy a bottle of Re-Cu-Ma.Try it four days, using it accordingto instructions. If your conditiondoes not show a material change forthe better at the end of the fourdays, take the bottle back and r.skthe diuggist for y..ur (money back.He w:ll return it wil&out question.Could there possibly he a faireroffer? Tho local druggists say thatwhile they sell eviy bottle of Re-Cu-Maunder thue conditions, theleturns are negligible, for Re-Cu-Malives up to its guarantee.Re-Cu-Mc works its wondersthrough the four most importantorgans of the body the bowels, thliver, the kidneys and the stomach.It clears and cleans :he liver andby ridding the body of its accumulated poisons tones up the wholesystem and rel'evcs the conditionswhich -have resulted from a cloggedliver and poorly functioning kidneysand stomachIt is a tonic, tco, and builds upthe bodily strength Innumerabletestimonials have been sent in to theRe-Cu-Ma Company telling of greatgains in weight resulting from theuse of only a little Rp-Cu-Ma. Manyothers show cases where it has materially benefited chronic cses ofindigestion, nervousness and rheumatism. With those testimonials to showhow Re-Cu-Ma has benefited othersand the opportunity to give thiswell-known remcdv a four-day freetrial at the company's risk, fcui.dieds of people in town will without"doubt give Re-Cu-.Ia the trial thatit deserves in the next few days.Remember if it doesn't help you,you get your money back.Tor sale by Brooks & Snapp, Paris,Xy , and all good Drug Stores'vadv)Lesson in Carefulness.School children in Pittsburgh, at achoolhouse on a street where manyautomobiles pa, who court danger bycarelessness in crossing the streets, arerequired to sit on :i stone wall in frontof the sclmolhouse whenever school Islet out until all (he other children getacross the strpet.MOTHER!California Syrup of FigsChild's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofJFigs only look for the name Califoraia on the package, then you aresure your child is having the .bestand most harmless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)Women!ULaAfBright eyes, a clear skin snd a bodyfull of yOvith and health may be'yours if you will keep your systemin order by regularly takingGOLD MEDALTfct. world's standard remedy for kidney,sliver, bladder and uric acid troubles, theMerits of life and looks. In uso sinceItOfc, All druggists, three sizcb.lank fr t1- -VGoH Mr4al on errw ubu . -s.,f pa Iu.'.UCeaIN HHEDOCTOR'S STARVEJ v? AUPMMgCONSPIRACY BY MANUFACTURERS IN CHARGED BYCANTBILLWASHINGTON, Jan. 10. Charging that "there is a well defined conspiracy among a few big tobaccomanufacturers to steal this crop oftobacco from the farmers," Representative J. Campbell Cantrill, of theSeventh Kentucky District, in an interview with The Courier-Journalcorrespondent Wednesday declaredthat the State and Federal laws aresufficient to prevent such an illegalcombination and expressed the hopethat every Commonwealth's Attorneyand every Federal District Attorneyin Kentucky "will immediately makea full and complete investigation ofthese conditions so that such a combination, if it exists, is broken up andthe offenders brought to immediatejustice."Representative Cantrill, who himself is a large producer of tobacco,expressed it as his individual opinionthat the burley growers should notpermit their crops to go on the market until the manufacturers are willing to offer better prices.Means Ruin To Farmers."I realize fully that it would be atremendous hardship on the bankinginterests and the merchants to postpone the market and to carry overthis crop of tobacco for anotheryear," he said. "But it is equallytrue that for the tobacco grower to( sell his crop which has cost him about35 cents to produce at an average uifrom 8 to 12 cents,. mean completeand utter ruin for one-half of theland owners who have grown tobaccoand complete ruin for practicallyevery tobacco tenant in the burleydistrict."The Kentuckian suggested that aplan should be worked out betweenthe warehousemen and the growersfor the handling of the present crop,which would enable the former to receive a return on their investmentand at the same time protect the interests of the latter. He expressed adesire to cooperate with the Kentucky farmers in inaugurating a campaign for the protection of tobaccogrowers and in forming an organization "which will obtain decent andliving prices for our present crop oftobacco."Text Of Statement.Mr. Cantrill's statement, madeWednesday after he had been informed of the demonstrations that attended the opening of markets in Kentucky burley belt Tuesday, in fullfollows :"The opening of the tobacco market in the burley district of Kentuckyhas of course proved a great disappointment to the tobacco growers asthe prices prevailing at the openingare not one-half of the cost of theproduction of the crop."The situation is all the more serious, because in the main the farmersat the opening did not offer their low-graae tooaccos as tney nau receiveuassurance from the big tobacco manuf acturers of the country that if theywithheld their low grades they wouldbe given a decent price for their better grades. This promise has notbeen kept."It is a well known fact that thetobacco manufacturers who use burley tobacco are not oversupplied withthe better grades of tobacco, althoughthey have a surplus of extremely lowgrades."To meet this situation, the burleyfarmers were ready to withhold theirlow-grade tobaccos off the marketand only offered their better grade.The tobacco manufacturers have notmpf. ir hf snirit of fair nlav the no-lsition of the farmers because of theprice which they have offered for thebetter grades are less than one-halfthe cost of production.Put Highwaymen To Shame."It is a well known fact that fiveI or six large manufacturing concerns Jin the United States buy from 80 toS5 per cent of the burley crop. It isalso well known that 85 per cent ofthe burley crop is consumed in theUnited States and that the crop isnot dependent on foreign trade forconsumption."It is well known that the American people are abundantly able andwilling to pay, and that the manufacturers are charging an extremely highprice for manufactured tobacco andin the face of this for five or six ofthese large manufacturing concernsbuying burley to open up the markets only paying an average of from8 to 12 cents a pound for high-gradetobacco is a policy which would putto shame the worst band of highwaymen in the nation."I feel sure that the Kentucky to-'bacco growers are made of sternersti(ff than to permit these five or sixmanufacturers to steal their tobaccosat the present prices, while the growers stand with their eyes wide openand look on the proceedings. The fiveor six large concerns are abundantlyable to pay at least the cost of production and more, for the burleycrop.Should Hold Crops."The burley growers should notpermit their crops to go on the market until the manufacturers are willing to pay these prices. I realizefully that 'it would be a tremendoushardship on the banking interests,and the merchants to postpone themarket and to carry over this cropof tobacco for another year. But itis equally true that for the tobaccoj grower to sell his crop which hascost mm aDout jd cents to produce,at an average of from 8 to 12 cents,means complete and utter ruin foronelf of the landowners who havegrown tobacco, and complete ruinfor practically every tobacco tenantin the burley district."To sell the tobacco at the prevailing price would bring to the growers such a small amount of moneythat they would not be able to relievethe financial distress or to pay anyportion of their debts and obligationsto any relieving extent.Company's Holdings Known."In the old days the tobacco manufacturers could fool the farmers bysaying that they had several years'supply of burley tobacco on hand.This th'ejv cannot do now, becauseunder a Federal law thev have to'make sworn statements of theirstocks. When the last statement wasissued it showed that they have justenough burley tobacco to run theirfactories for another twelve months.To sell this crop of tobacco at theeJRremely low prices which are offered would simply give the manufacturers a club not only to bankruptthe tobacco growers this year, butwould give them a surplus of tobaccowhich they could hold over for several years to come and keep pricesdown to an , extremely low grade inthe future.Denies Sacrifice Is Necessary."As I see the situation, the onlysensible thing for the farmer to dois to withhold his tobacco from themarket until such time as the manufacturers have exhausted their present stocks and until they get into aframe of mind where they are Willingto pay the growers a decent price forhis tobacco. In making this statementI realize fully the hardship whichwill be entailed upon all of our peoplebut the banks and the business people of Kentucky have no right tomake the demand on. the tobaccogrower that he should sacrifice all morder temporarily, to a very partialextent, to relieve the financial distress. By withholding the tobaccofrom the market until the presentstocks are consumed, the grower willeventually get a price which willbring him the cost of production andmore and enable him to obtainenough money to discharge his obligations and bring business prosperity to the burley district of Kentucky. "It appears to me that there shouldbe the closest cooperation betweenthe tobacco warehousemen and thetobacco growers. Most of the looseleaf warehouses are owned and controlled by tobacco growers whose interests in their tobacco crops are ofmore magnitude than their stock inthe tobacco warehouses."A plan should be worked out between the warehousemen and thegrowers for the handling of the present crop of tobacco which will enablethe warehousemen to receive a return on their investment and at thesame time protect the interests ofthe growers."With so many great loose leafwarehouses scattered over the burleydistrict there is no need for the farmers to have to build their own warehouses to store and handle their tobaccos, as was the case twelve yearsago when our tobaccos were pooled.The tobacco growers are in much better position now, with the assistanceof the tobacco warehousemen, tocarry over and handle1 and store thetobaccos, so that warehouse receiptscan be issued on the same to relievethe financial distress, than they weretwelve years ago when tobacco waspooled.Suicide To Sacrifice Crop."In my opinion, it would be absolute business suicide for the farmersto sacrifice this crop of tobacco atthe opening prices, and I sincerelyhope that some steps will be takenfor a sane and sensible businessagreement between the growers andwarehousemen to take over and handle this crop of tobacco and withhold it from the market until decentprices are offered by the tobaccomanufacturers. The prevailing offers made by the manufacturers tomy mind mean that there is4 a welldefined conspiracy among a few bigtobacco manufacturers to steal thiscrop of tobacco from the farmers.There is plenty of State law and Federal law to prevent such an illegalcombination and I sincerely hope thatevery Commonwealth's Attorney andevery Federal District Attorney inthe State of Kentucky will immediately make a full and complete investigation of these conditions sothat such a combination, if it exists,is immediately broken up and the offenders brought to immediate justice.Would Cut Out 1921 Crop."My individual opinion, is that themost effective and quickest way tobring relief to the holders of thepresent crop of tobacco would be adetermination on the part of thegrowers not to grow a crop of tobacco in the year 1921, and to withholdthis crop from the market until adecent price is paid for it."I realize the grave conditionswhich would confront Kentucky if acampaign for a cut-out were inaugurated, and at this particular time."I would not go so far as to saypositively that a cut out should beattempted. I do say, however, mostemphatically that no tobacco shouldbe offered on the market at the prevailing prices."I am willing to cooperate withmy friends in the burley district whoare growers of tobacco, in inaugurating a campaign for protection of thetobacco growers, as the majority ofthem think is wise and best, and tothis end I am willing to pledge mytime and the best effort that is within me to help, at my own expense, toconduct a campaign in behalf of anorganization which will obtain livingand decent prices for our nresentcrop of tobacco.No Basis For Low Prices."I wish to emphasize the fact thatthere is no basis, either in the present business conditions of the country or in the stocks of tobacco whichthe manufacturers of burley tobaccohave on hand, which would in anyway justify the extremely low pricewhich they have offered to pay forthe present crop of tobacco."Because a few great tobacco manufacturers who control the bulk Lofthe tobacco trade in Kentucky havedeliberately robbed the tobaccogrowers of South Carolina, NorthCarolina and Virginia, is no reasonwhy Kentuckians should stand with'our arms folded and submit to thesame treatment."For a great many years the tobacco growers of Kentucky were subjected to this treatment bv the ereatmanufacturers of tobacco until theyurgamzeu memseives ana in an opensquare fight, by pooling and cuttingout their tobacco crops, whipped thetobacco trust to a standstill, and during the past ten years we have beenreceiving profitable prices for ourtobacco until this year."It looks like the time has comewhen the tobacco manufacturers ofthe country have forgotten that experience of twelve years ago, and itis up to the farmers of Kentucky tostand on their rights and to exercisetheir business sense and judgment inthe formation of a tobacco Organization in rm inn rHnn with thft tohflCCOwarehousemen of the burley district,for the handling of this crop and theholding of the crop until a decentprice is paid for it. To such a campaign I am ready and anxious to dedicate all that is in me."oDANDERINEStops Hair Coming Out;Thickens, Beautifies.A few cents buys "Danderine."After an application of "Danderine"you can not find a fallen hair or anydandruff, besides every hair showsnew life, vigor, brightness, morecolor and thickness.(adv-T-tf)oDreaming of. Skating.To drenra of skating denotes thaiyour success is very uncertain and chpends largely upon your efforts. Ttsee others skate denotes a pleasmtltime. To buy, them, honor.. Canadian Boundary Line.According 10 a report recently is-sued by the United States geologicalsurvey, the length of the boundaryline between Canada and the UnitedStates is 3,803 uiilpsCold in die iiead"is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the inflammation andrestoring normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.LEmbJmofSatuiktm.9J ' 4tTTCSjjvrt GAR as dependable as businesst-x transportation is important nomatter what the weather. That is Buick,and that is why Buick cars are in suchgreat demand in business everywhere.The new Buick Nineteen Twenty Onemodels combine utility with beauty; reliability for business with riding comfortso pleasing in hours of relaxation.A nation-wide Authorized Buick Scmeeguarantees initial Buick dependability.W Effective Jamiaryl, regular equipment z!J3llr 'on all models will include cord thxs nUf !L fTheCor.WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT,' 6UICK WILL BUDUD THEMg ' ' 'V.Pay For Your CarAs You RideFORD CAR$268.04BALANCE12MONTHSIRUGPARIS, KENTUCKYI SCRATCH, W"J-" f i manL. D.MITCHELIHutchcraft Elevator, Pleasant StreetCumberland Phone 1028NXBU-ICKvS. 'Ball Garagerourth and Pleasant'GLESA WELL-FED HENmeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and notecarefully the result. TheScratch Feed keeps the hensbusy working after the grainThe egg Mash provides theibodies with food necessaryto a large egg yield.. ManufacturerEUmjShfrMSts.vWP91m&H 't lkv -A.c , v --,ff1 --v., I i . . - -L ..f ' " ' - ' .lpyujju'1 l"''aV'""l9"aIPVHPPMffnmH.rmm-Gm.4-"1. 'it4;krI:TUESDAY, JANUARY!!, If 21New Ocean Danger.Little Harold, 5, was vacationing atthe lafee shore. He overheard his elders remark about the terrific undertow near the pier. The nert day hismother went into the water and Harold screamed at her from the shore:Oh, mother, don't go In there; there'sa big under toad there and it mightbite you."S1L JttSBBBSSILMKMIk JBUBBk JawilWMLi'VERIFY ITThe Proof Is In Paris Almost AtYour DoorConstant Guard Against Forgery.The secret marks on Bank of England notes, by which forcries aredetected, are constantly being changed. The microscope reveals many-such peculiarities to an observant eye.BRIGHTER.EVENINOSc -jw--JSSJust HistoryIn '76The Colonial DameSnnn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.The public statement of a Pjriscitizen is in itself strong proof forParis people, but confirmationstrengthens the evidence.Heie is a Parte citizen vho teti-Ified years ago that Doan's Kidneynis relieved weak kidneys and nowstates the result was permanent.Can any sufferer from kidney iHsask better proof? You can investigate. The case is right at hojme.Mrs A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times andfrom the benefit obtained I can saythey are a good and reliable remedy.Whenever my kidneys have actedirregularly or my back had beenweak and lame I have always founda box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills,which I get at Ardery's Drug Storeto relieve the complaint quickly."The above statement was givenNovember 10, 1916, and on November 12, 1920, Mrs. Burley said"I haven't changed my opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pilisjand recommend"them just as highlyto-day as whenI gave my statement tn 1916. Thecure Donn's Kidney Pills made forne at that time has been permanent." Price 60c, at all dealeis. Don'-tsimply ask for a kjdney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. T. fadv)oMT. STERLING JUDGE NAMEDCOMMISSIONERJuege C. C. Turner, of Mt. Sterling, a Democrat, has been appointedCommissioner of the Court of Appeals by the Judges of the Court.He succeeds Judge William RogersClay, who was sworn in as a member of the bench.Judge Turner was elected to theAppellate Bench m 1912 to fill thevacancy created by the resignationof Judge Edward C. O'Rear.WEATHER AS TOPICThe first interest that invadesour sleepy heads when we wake inthe morning, the first topic of conversation at any hour in the daywhen we meetra friend and the lastsubject to receive our speculativeconsideration when we open thewindow before popping into bed forthe night is usually the weather.flus year, in most parts of the !country, the weather has been ex-1ceptionally interesting and disagreeable. It has interfered seriously !with our comfort, our enjcymenVand our business. In a neriod whernpnr1p'5 HitjrmoIHnnc -irinn -, 1 v .. Iw . .Urv..i.ivsj.i- iic aiicain itried by the -nigh cost of living and 'by after-the-Av.i.- animosities, .dis- n j..j.t , ,. . .t alone: comes P"noL A1S0 waiKed to TownIi ? i ..BUIMin USED I li hMUSTARD BLISTERS ITORELiEVEGON-GESTEDCQNDTIONSturDar.ce cna unrest along comesweather of a most violent and per-sisient sort and intensifies the general glumness. )Rightly regarded, weather, evenbad wenther, is a tonic and a iis-!ciplinarian. Of course there ' are 'some exliemes of meteorological ac-jtivity foi which no good word canbe said tornadoes, hurricanes andblizzards; but the ordinary or even jthe out-of-1 he-ordinary run of bad !weather isIf She Wished to Do Any Shopping-uu ion wisn 10 netnrn to Grandmother's Times Or Take An Ele.vated Car? This Comparison is!Brought Before You "For tin Si, !yle Purpose of Illustrating WhvPeople of To-Day That Ace Up-to-DateUse Mintol In Prelerence toUsing Mustard Plasters andSmelly Mustard Creams.Ga blessmc: in di'.sruise. a':the superior prosperity and progres-5ivfnPCj rf the inlinhitanfe nP nnitii.tries exposed zo such vicisitudes avw uui. wer rowei tc tne tnroatdemonstrates. Variety in weather isnd lungs for five minutes then ap-seems alweys to (mean versatility inFor colds in the head p.ifnvrhrip, bronchitis or pneumonia simplyman.The reason is, of course, that peo-nle are not sroins: to be dominatedby unfavoiable weather if they canply MINTOL. rubbinsr thoronehlv t-fo five minutes and cover the spotswun a. not, dry flannel, so arrangedas to allow the vapors arising fromthe MINTOL to be inhaled. Thistreatment will be found as much an-Ul .i. 1-TT1 .v j:s cclimate are neaily always favorable 'improvement over the old-fathionedI I 1!..! i l. "U-J Z4--U 1, imil?tnrrl lllicfAfC Onil. sTnn nit- ,-. !,Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incoi-Doied)Practice Charity.We ought in hunianity no moiv todespise a man for the mMnirum otthe mind than for Iiom.' of n oo.Iy.when they are suHi :is h ;mnot ljolpPope.YES IT CAN BEDYED OR CLEANEDThat last year's suitor dress can be made to appear like a New One.Send Via Parcel Post.SWISS CLEANERS & DYERS909 6th Street (incorporated) Louisville, Ky.and a livinsr is to be had with thesmallest possible effort it is different: people are readily submissiveto benign circumstancts. But thefight to overcome conditions unfavorable to easy living has developedthe most valuable qualities ot character. The complaints against theweather that have ben so generaland just this year, though they haveindicated disgust, have seldom beenwithout the note of dogged defiance. To defy bad weather in act r.s wellas in thought is for the healthyperson the bett way of dealing withit. There is certainly no better wayof working off the sullen spirit thatit sometimes engenders Few stormsare so severe that one who is ingood physical condition and who i-appropriately clad will not be thebetter for getting out and battlingwith them. Bad "weather cuts usoff feoiretimes from pleasures towhich we had looked forward, butwe find in it pleasure of anotherraid, it may be, a more substantialkind.-o-mustard blisters and- creams as theelevated is over walking.NOTICE: MINTOL is tlw latestscientific discovery for the reatmertof all congested conditions, stTch asoccur in Spanish Influenza. GripPneumonia and Bronchial affections.It kills the Influenza and Grip germand acts as an antiseptic in healinginflamed throat or nostrils. Forhoarseness, a littlu of the MINTOLapplied to the' back of the tonguewill gve instant relief 35c, 60c and$1.25 a jar. If your druggist cannot sunnlv.vou we will qenil von njar on receipt of price. The Home IRelief Laboratories. Boston. Mass.For Sal by Brooks & Snapp Druguo. (adv)oCan Elephant Jump?Although they are generally belk.cedto be able to do so, it is impossible,owing to weight and structure, for anelephant to leap either up or forward.A big elephant takes 0 leet 0 inches ata stride, but a 7-fort. trench would beas hopeless, a barrier t it as one of70 feet.Right Food a Big Factorin keeping one sturdyand fit to do thingsrapeNutsis a wheat and "barley foodthat is scientifically madeFor a definite purpose.It has delicious taste; iseasy to digest; and contains all the building valuesof the grains that makefor health and comfort.Ingres a ReasonJsorGrape-NutsMade "byPostum Cereal CompazineBattle Creek, Mich.nRevolutionary Rule.According to the medical column ofa -weekly paper, a person sufferingfrom exhaustion should he put to hed 1and allowed to sleep a long as possihlo. ThN evidently does away withthe old idea of awaking the suffererevery twenty minutes in order to askhim if he is still tired.Handle Lemons Carefully.Few persons realize how delicateare lemons and the fact that theyhave to be handled with the samecare as is given eggs. This is done toavoid any abrasions to the skin, thusavoiding decay pores through whichgerms otbenie might enter.gjiiMiniiiiitiiiiiiiiitiiiiitifititiiiMttiitiiiiiiitiiiitntfinifiiiiinmiminumiinmnnntim n iiitniiintummnniinmnmimnmnWilliam K. Hasan cybNArchitects Engineersrie."T NATIONAL BANKPAEiy. Ky.Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliiiiiiilllinillllllillllililillll IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIllHlHHilHHHlllllllllfilWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYTIRES AND TUBES AT HALF PRICEFULLY GUARANTEED by one of He OLDEST and BEST KNOWNAMERICAN TIRE MAKERS(TRADE RESTRICTIONS BAR MENTION OF NAME)NON-SKID TIRESGRAY TUBES. xFABRICFactory SaleSIZE Price Price30x3 $19.70 $ 9.8530x31 23.50 11.7532x34 28.00 14.0031x4 32.80 16.4032x4 37.40 18.7033x4 39.25 19.6334x4 40.10 20.0533x4134x4i " 53.25 26.6335x4 55.65 27.8335x5 65.35 32.68CORDiFactory SalePrice Price$35.90 $17.9548.05 24.0361.05 30.5362.65 31.3364.35 32.1870.60 35.3072.40 36.2074,25 37.1390.05 45.03Factory SaleSIZE Price Price30x3 $3.30 $1.6530x32 3.90 1.9532x3i 4.25 2.1331x4 5.05 2.5332x4 5.25 2.6333x4 5.45 2.7334x4 .5.70 2.8533x4 6.90 3.4534x4 7.00 3.5035x4i 7.05 3.5335x5 8.55 4.28EVERY TIRE AND TUBE FULLY GUARANTEEDFABRIC 6,000 MILES ! CORD 10,000 MILES!STOCK IS LIMITED. DON'T WAIT UNTIL YOUR SIZE IS GONE!sV"1,4RedmonIWif fcUIgUrCumberland Phone 791315 HIGH STREETompany.Home Phone 2SO. r"AT- itj " vvJjgg&$r-JrftvW.r?7Xr;sMf - iri""r -PAGBBHHRTHE TOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYfiLi-5,I- tf j-BIRTHS.- In this cij.y, to Mr. and Mvs.$hcs. E. Webber, a daughter, Christines! Mary Louise. Irs. Webber wasfonotrly Miss Elizabeth Kiser.- To Mr. and Mrs. Claude Tobin,itviterg on the Chsirlton Clay farm,oicar Paris a son.; KENTUCKY CROP EEPOUTThe- annual revised estimates of;aroage ai;d production of crops in-J" ntucky for 1920, issued December31 by the U. S. Bureau of Crop Estimates Fn co-operation with State"'minls3ioner of Agncultuie W. C.3?nn:i. show an estimated production of 100,650,000 bushels of corn:4G7.5Q0.000 pounds of tobacco of ail"types' in tfce State; 5,610,000 bush1 of wht-at; 8,225,000 bushels ofoats; 6,43,000 bm:hc-ls of Irish poiitnoz and 1,508,000 tons of hay.Ho estimates, for all crops areSvcn and indicate increases in nro- auction of corn, oats, barley, potn1cs, apples, peacheo, pears, sorghum,'sty beans and clover seed; the sameproduction as in 19 9 of beans, cowprrs and sweet potatoes; and dc-c-,a:edproduction of tobacco, wheat,xye and hf.y. Burley tobacco prcduclion in the State increased (.acadiitg to unrevised e ;tiates) from about 213,000,000j.imds in 1919 to about 236,500,-0 pounds in 1920. These estimatesray be sl'ghtiy iv:ed later wheni are complete checking up of yieldsip possible. The reduction of darkIcbacco acreage in Weston. Kentucky together with light yield insome other counties in 1920 reduced the estimates of the State's1otaI tobacco crop of all types together in 1920.. The acreage of wheat sown in" Xentuckv in the fall of 1920 is estimated at 625000 acres, the same usiir 1919, the condition of xthc cropDecember 1. 1920, being 8 i per centof normal compared to 80 per cent.December 1, 1919, and an averagecondition December 1 of 90 percent.Tfe total acreage of wheat sown in-fee United States in the fall of 1920i? estimated at 40.605,000 acre. or37.2 per cent, of the acreage sownin the fall" of 1919. The conditionsf the Urited States wheat cropDecember 1, 1920. is given as 87.9?er cent, cf normul, compared io15.2 December 1, 1919, and a 10--earaverage December 1, of 88.4rr cent.T&e words "peace ard victory"nll-hav2 a holier (meaning when'jfixr have paid your income tax.tNow InFull Blast!The- Bufv Bee Bargain House,dorner Main ar.d Second Streets;Tow Building, across from Windsor Hotel. Palis, KyH . All kinds of furniture and household goods bought and sold.We now have about $4,000.00"worth of splendid goods to selectirora, many as eood as new and wean save you from 50 cents to 75cents on every dollrr you spend.v Two splendid P'&nos: 1 nice Or-an;--Carpets, etc.Bofn 'Phones..Be -sure to see us More ycu buyt r. sell"Hie Busy Bee Bargain HouseFred Weekesser. Prop.janT-8t)Real Candy!Wehave just received the finest assortment ofIiggetts Candiesim.de in Boston the Chocolateswith ihe Wonderful Centersadvertised in your magazinelook for the ad. Fresh by express ;every few days.Suite Chocolates 90c a pound.MT Good; 51.25 to $1.75 aTo introduce these goods wewill have a special sale everySaturday. Take a pound home.v VARDEN & SONy, . Prescription DruggistsTHE RtXALL STOREKatH PhonesParis, Ky.RELIGIOUS.The choir of the North Middle-town Christian church, with the assistance of vocalists from the Paris- jchurch, gave a sacred concert in the jchurch Sunday afternoon. Themembers of the choir were entertain-ow by Mi. and Mis. John W. Jonesat their country home near NorthMiddletown.During the month of Januarythe morning hour at' the Methodisrchurch will be devoted to a studyof spiritual resources. Sunday thepastor, Rev. C. H. Greer, spoke onthe subject. "Jesus Teaches His Dis-ciples To Pray,"' with reference to jGod. At the evening service he con- ;tinued the same subject with reference to individuals.The regular monthly meetingof the Missionary Society of the C.V. B. M. was held Friday afternoonin the parlors of the Christianchurch. The feature of the program was a talk by Mrs. FrederickA. Wallis, of New York, formerly ofParis on the immigration piobiem.Mrs. Wallis' talk was informal andinstructive. She closed her talk withwhat she dlqmed should be theChiistian's point of view toward thesubject.At the January meeting of theMissionary Society of the ParisMethodist church, held in the churchpallors, Mhs Laura Lilleston, Superintendent of Junior Work in theKentucky Confei ence. presided.The following office is, recently elected, were installed: Superintendentof Young People, Miss OliveOrr; Superintendent of Juniors,Mrs. C. , R. Alexander; Superintendent ' of Social Service.Mrs. Janie Current ; Superintendentof Supplies, Mrs. John Kiser; Superintendent of Mission Study. MissBlanche Lilleston : CorrespondingSecretary, Mrs. Oakford Hinton;Recording Secretary, Mrs. Charles P.Maun: Agent for paper, "TheVoice," M.'b. E. M. Wheeler; Treasurer, Miss Mary Harrison; Assistant Treasurer, Mrs. H. A. Power.The pledges- for the coming yearwere taken. Th business sess:onwas followed by a delightful socialhour, when a light refreshmentwas sered. Mrs. Foisyth, the ne-.vPresident, in a very helpful and interesting talk, discussed the forwardmovement In Missions in Methodismand the part the church must takein the work.oDEATHS.SHAFFERMrs. Nannie Shaffer, agod forty-c-ight.died at the residence of herdaughter. Mrs. J. S. Wallingford, atthe coiner of High and Fifteenthstnet. following an illness of shortduration from dilation of tiie heart.The body was taken to ner oia nome.Greensburg Pa', for interment, accompanied by Dr. and Mrs. J. S.Wallingford. vMrs. Shaffer was a resident ofGreensburg. Pa., and had been inParis for some timo as ?juest at thehome of Dr. and .Mrs. Wallingford.She is survived by her parents, Mr.and Mr-. H. G. Bashioun. of Greensburg, Pa.- her -husband, George M.Shaffer, of Greensburg; two rons. 31.F. Shaffer, of Pennsylvania, . an.lHarrv SI-offer, oi Virginia- twodaughters, Mrs. J. S. Vallingforc1, jof Paris, and Miss Violei bnaner, oiVirginia; one sidter, Mrs. BerthaWilliams, of California, and twobrothers II. S. ?ind R. A. Rishioun,of Pennsylvania.oREMAPKABIE PROFITWilliam J. Mauby, Jr., one of themembers of t-he boys' and gu-ls'dairy calf club. LaGrange Ky..bought a Holstein dairy heiter tor$200. Young' Manby Jr., made rluspurchase l;st spring. After he Tadkept his heifer for about two monthsihev -held a show all the members oCthe club. 13 compel ing. Mr. Manbywon first prize for his heifer and ithe attention of Mr. Schinklc, Jeff-jerson, Wisconsin, was attracted tothis particular animal. Upon imestigation is was found that this Holstein -heifei had excellent breedingand Mr. Schinkle offered youngManby ?800 for the heifer tliatvjiehad paid ?200 for about two monins jpievious. Manby refused this offer!and Mr. Sc-hinkle come back with anoffer of $1,000. This, Manby :ic- jcepted imaking l.im $800 profit inapproximately two months' time.oCOLLECTOR'S PJJLING- ON NEWINCOME TAX.Warning merchants engaged in jprepoiing mcome tax return;:, Eiv.ood Hamilton, Collector of InternalRevenue, called attention to a false iinterpretation of p. recent ruling inregard to inventoiits.Inventories taken at he beginingof the calendar year, if taken at thecost price, will have to be take.i onthe same basis at the end of theyear. If the inventories are takenon the maiket price the same procedure will have tc be pursued atthe end -of i-he year.Deviation frov this ruling is allowable only after an appeal to theCommissioner of Internal Revenue.Mr, Hamilton pointed out. Reasonsfor making the change must begiven when the r.ppcal is sent tr.Washington.Corporation income tax blankswere mailed to 6,000 concernsthroughout the State. Individual"ncome rax blanks will be distributed within ten daysClerks' in the Internal Rfvenueoffice will be assigned to assist wfiling jncome tax returns, Mr. Hamilton said. Experienced cieKis w:nbe. sent to cities in the estate to aidin the work. Stations for jmakingcorporation returns will be closedIfnviVi "1 Kti 4-1-k(?k. rVr Vio it41? r r-jiiuii x, vm wwo. "i u...uu, ,uuii rarch 15.individur.1 returns will remani oprn( rgrS5l 12:00 toTODAY, TUESDAYBEBE DANIELSIN"Oh, Lady, Lady"Bebe Daniels as a "Vamoire" whpdidn't mean to be one; Walter Hier3 as aserious minded fat boy who thinks his oldcountry sweetheart is gsing to spoil everything, and Harrison Ford, just "regularhero," make a real laugh triumph of "OhLady, Lady."ALSOMr. and Mrs. Carter DeHavenin "Never Again"and Pathe NewsAdded AttractionFor Today ....Admission: children andMATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Pa ton ibsued a marriage license Friday afternoon to Francis S. Smith, 21, ofPaintaville, Ky., and Miss VirginiaJacoby, 21, of Bourbon county.The Lexington Herald ln'S thefollowing. "A mairiage license wasissued by the County Clerk's officeSaturday to Arthur Jones, 32, printer, of Paris, and Miss Bertha Miller, 26, of Cynthiana."At an afternoon entertainmentgiven in Lexington Sunday, by Mrand Mrs. Moses, the engagement ortheir niece, Miss Marie Moses, tMr. Barnett Winters, of Paris, wasannounced. The wedding will takeplace at an early date. The brideelect is a charming young womanand.a social favotite. Mr. Wintersis the son of Mrs. Fannie B. Winters, of Palis, and is junior memberof the A. J. Winters Co., jewelert,of Paris. He is popular in bothbusiness and social circles, and ha3n host of friends in Paris andthroughout Central Kentucky whotender fhe;r heartiest congratulations in advance of the happy event.HENRY POOLEMiss Erie Heniy, of Paris, ariaArthur Poole, of Akron, Ohio, vevemarried recently in Akron, wherothey have gone o housekeeping.The bride is a daughter of Mrs.Nancy Henry and sister of HoUHenry and Mrs. A. M. Houston, VParis.n AMS BUN NELLGeorge Bunnell, oil operator, ofLexington, giving his age as 72, andli-b. Mary J. Adams, 36, also ofLexington, secured marriage licensein Pans, Saturday morning, anilweie manied shortly after byCounty Judge Geoige Batterton, inhis private office in the court .houseAfter the ceremony Mr, and Mrs.Bunnell returned to Lexington whei ethev will reside in the future.JACOBY SMITHFrancis Smith, an oil operate,of Paintsville, Ky.. and Miss Virginia Jacoby, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Jos. Jacoby, ot near Hutchison,this county, were united in marriageSaturday, at the home of the ofiicifting minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church,in this city. After a short wedd'ngtrip Mr. and Mrs. Smith have returned to PaintsviPe, where thewill go to housekeeping.PURDY HILLOCK.Claude Hillcock, of Nicholascounty, and Mhs Helen Pumy. ofMillersburg, were married lost weekat the home of the bride's auntMiss Julia Purdy, near Millersburg.Rev. W. W. Morton, pastor of theMillersburg Presbyterian church,performing the ceremony. Onlymembers of the immediate familywere present.After the ceremony and congratulations the young couple lelt for ashort wedding trip. They are making their home for the present withthe bride's aunt, Miss Julia Purd.The bride is the only daughter ofJohn Purdy, of the Millersburg vicinity, -md is an accomplished andtalented musician of rare ability.The groom is a young farmer ofNicholas county.AIT'TJ.RN ZORNES.Arthui Zornes. of Paiis.indMiss Bertha Mullen, ol Cynthiana,coonro1 n :nrrifi5r- license in Paris. 'Saturday, and motored to Lexing -ton, w-hci-e they vere marrieo oy (Alagistrate Charles P. Dodd, i hh-:'iuce in tut: uuuii """OC i"w rtei accompanied by-'Sweeney Is-gri&g antKMiss Bessipsgrigg; c f N'aris. wno witnessea iuet;cjuuji. 1 1 -The groom is -u vcor.tracfiH patpie'M, .rf Paris. The br;de is his forn.er1i , ., . N "' v ftIANDI5:30Tomorrow, WednesdayConstance BinneyaSomethingThe story of a girl who found lifemonotonous and longed for "SomethingDifferent.' ' She found adventures sobewildering that she almost longed forthe old monotony. IFor genuine romance, color and picturesque settings and for a heroine who isfull of sparkle and life don't fail to seeConstance Binney in "Something Different"Also a Capitol Comedy"Fingers and Pockets"and "Topics of the Day"Karl Nelson andGregg's Orchestra PlaysI wife, from whom he was divorced'some years ago. Thefr inaitialdifferences having .been reconciledaf.er a conference, they resolved toforget the past and start life anew.They will reside at their formerhome on Seventh street.oIf some men had to work ir uderto earn a Jiving they wouldn't livevery long.oRemember how you cheered orArmistice Day? Paying your -ncometax is evidence of r-,l patriotism.oTaking your h-it off when theband plays the national anthemdoesn't get you anything with Uncle Sam unless you pay -your incometax.oRemember the war cost billi m.Your income tax for 1920 helps todefray part of it.1 1soJ7ti)m?,:QTs3s3mm iAiiiiisrfi!W3wiSATURDAY, JANUARY 15Over 1,000 pairs of the newest style Footwear thrown onthe market at sacrifice prices toraise ready cash Look for further details in next issue.' j,v1SsL -Paris1 Greatest Shoe.I iUOPERA HOUSpA I J7:00INDifferent"CompanyaTHEKENTUCKY POOR BECAUSE THESCHOOLS ARE BELOWSTANDARDKentucky has $19 invested inj school property for each child otI school age in the State, according! to a .statement given out by Superintendent of Public Instruction Geo.Colvin. He compaied the investment to that of Illinois, Oh?o andIndiana, the States dLectly North ofKentucky, which he said had an average of $76 per pupil invested inschool property.The average fo- ihe Unitod States'is $55 per pupil, Mr. Colvin said.Expendi lures pei pupil for education in the public schools of theState totals $9.76. according to thestatement, while the average for thethree States across the Ohio riverto rhe Noith is $27.60 and for theUnited States $22.76.Kentucky pays S13.56 per pupilH I H MBBBBBbI V H B m B H H I VMASHINISING SASTARTSDAN COHENStoreWhere Beautyaad Economy Reiinto 1 0:30Thursday, Jan. 14thDUSTIN FARNUMIN"Great Happiness"A powerful drama of adventure, intrigue, adventure, love, hate, jealousy,sentiment and romance.RUTH ROLANDin the 7th Episode of"RUTH OF JHE ROCKIES"And Pathe NewsPresentingSIXTH FLOOR"Afternoon and Eveningin attendance for teaching as comj pared with $24.54 by Illinois, Indiana and Ohio, and $22.76 averagefor the United Stales,j Kentucky's per capita wealth, headded, is $977, the per capita wealthif Indiana, Illinois and Ohio is $2,124 and of the United States ?1.965. 'Are our schools below stand- 'ard because we are poor," he asks''in conclusion, "or are we poor because our schools rre belo-w standard?" "GETS DESERVED PROMOTIONFred Frendberg, formerly of Paris,but more recently of Birnimgham,i Ala., Divisional Civil Engineer forthe Louisville & Ncshville, has beenappointed Assistant Roadmaster forthat division, with headquarters atRavenna, Ky. Mr. Frenberg has alarge circle of warm friends in, Paris, who are glad to hear of hisdeserved promotionIfLE41 IKft2rQtyw"- IjL AiL. ". 'fTa-i-.