W jTgVA '0 . ' . - -., te- --..' . vll- ?T.-.MV-TY-'JL7?. ? 4 " 7 ,. i tiff -I1 "-!KiijiS. ' , - . v- ,, -x -r3 - -THENEWST "w4PUBLISHED -EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,wsz-VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1921vfOURBONfHBh v -AM'&wwfl, f.IT.1ftBOURBON COUNTY CLUBSBourbon county is quite to thefront these days in the matter ofwomen's clubs and all of them, areactive.At Milleisburg, Friday afternoon,the Twentieth Century Club gave amusicale. in which Miss Mary DanHarbeson and brother, Capt. Robert"Biarbeson took the chief parts. Thesame afternoon at North Middletownthe Wqpian's Club presented a literary program the features of whichwere papers by Mr.3. John S. Talbott,Mrs. W. K. Hagan and Miss MildredCollins.At Paris, Saturday afternoon theBourbon County Woman's Club presented Miss Grace Wilmot, of NewYork, in a lecture on "ArtisticHousefurnishing." Mi?s Wilmot appealed to the women to establish intheir home furnishings of Americanatmosphere rather than that oFrench, Italian or Orient.il. MissWilmot's tour of Kentucky clubs isbeing managed by Mrs. Allie SmithDickson, of Noith Middletown,Chairman of Art in the State Fedeiation. The General Federation islikewise sponsor for the Wilmot,and her itinerary in Kentucky is being made at the instance of the National Art Committee.The Business Woman's Club had amarliament&rv drill last night at7:30 in the Y. M. C. A.To-morrow afternoon the Department of Literature of the CountyClubs will present the followingprogram: "What Every WomanKnows" (Barrie) Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft; "The Skin Game,"(Galsworthy) Mrs. J. WalterPayne.The program for the regular meeting Saturday of the MillersburgTwentieth Century Club is as- follows: Boll Call Quo! ations from"Les Miserables," (Victor Hugo);"Victor Hugo, the Man, Preacher,and the Artist" Mrs. J. ElginPoole; "Fantine," (Cosette) Mrs.Wallace Shannon; Beading Mrs.Allie Miller; Music Mrs. Current.Hostess Mrs. Ball.oINJURED BETUBN H0?IEWith the exception of J. B. Kelly,traveling salesman, who is confinedwith a broken hip, all the partieswho were injured in the iiitohiobile.accident near Paris last week, havebeen able to leave the Massie Memorial Hospital, and return to theirhomes.Mrs. John Poindexter and daughter, Miss Katherine Poindexter, htivcreturned to Cynthiana, Mr. and Mis.Duke Smith and Ben Houston havegone to their homes near Paris.Physicians set Kelly's fracturedthigh Fridsy, and he is doing as wellan could be expected under the circumstances. 0Two thousand ex-service men who,although living, arc officially listedas killed are forming a "Deid Man'sClub."j..M"M"M"M''M'g"MMjFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSOur Big -AnnualClearance SaleISStillGoinS,"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIESajunmitmiMiMUi i.uFORMER BOURBONITE CLARKCOUNTY CANDIDATEHenry V. Thompson, of Winchester, brother of Representative JamesH. Thompson, A. S. Thompson, I. P.Thompson and Mrs. Swift Champ, ofParis, has announced his candidacyfor Representative from Clarkcounty in the next Legislature. TheWinchester Daily Sun says:"H. V. Thompson in this issue ofthe Sun announces as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forRepresentative of Clark county inthe Kentucky Legislature."Mr. Thompson is one of the mostnonular men in the county. He hastbeen engaged in actively organizingthe farmers of the county in an eifort to secure the best prices for tobacco, and has always the interestof the people of the county at heart."He is a man of wnole-heartedpersonality, and would be a credit tothis county if he is honored by hisparty with this office."CHANGE OF DATE FOR SUPERINTENDENTS' MEETINGThe dates of the meeting ofcounty superintendents have beenchanged from January 27 and 28 toJanuary 24 and 25, the former datesconflicting with county examinationsfor eighth grade siudents in therural schools.The meeting will be held in theHouse of Representatives in Frankfort, and the address of welcomewill be made by Governor Edwin P.Morrow. Dr. Frank L. McVey,president of the University of Kentucky, will speak on "How We CanHelp the University and How theUniversity Can Help Us." "The K.E. A." will be the subject of JamesH. Risley's talk.Superintendent of Public Instruction George Colvin has prepared &tentative program including tne following subjects for discussion:Powers and duties of new countyboards; duties and tenure of office oflocal trustee under the new law;qualification of county superintendents; the operation of the attendance officers; advisability of onedate for closing all schools id eachcounty.A vocational department in eachcounty high school; emergencyschools for colored children; scholarship and certification for accrediting high schools; relation of countysuperintendent, to graded schools;how best to get few schools and better schools, correspondence coursesin teacher-training centers; teachertraining in high schools, physical,educational and Parent-Teacher Association. MBIOUTFITTERSg Onu j m;i.i mt u ij 1 1 1 1 1SALES RESUMED YESTERDAY ON jLOCAL TOBACCO MARKETWith a large attendance of growers and others .interested in the tobacco industry the pales on the Parismarket, interrupted by the sensational happenings on the openingday, Jan. 4, were resumed yesterday.Buyeis for all the big nianufacturing houses were piesent. The salesbegan at ten o'clock yesterday morning at the Paris House No. 1 of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse, andwere continued in. the afternoon atthe New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.'s House No. 1.There was passed under the hammer on the floors of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. 166,830 poundsof tobacco. Of this 151,855 was boldfor $21,199.55, average of $13.80;14,975 pounds oi tobacco was passed, not receiving a bid. Fifrur'ngthe passed tobacco at one cent peipound the floor average on the 166,830 pounds was 12.80. In additionto the above there was considerableneglected tobacco.There was, as to be expected, atlarge amount of very inferior tobacco an the market, some of whicbwrs sold at a very low prire, andsome of which brought a fair price.Two baskets of about 900 pounds,laised by a Paris grower, for whichhe had been offered fifty cents perpound in the field last summer, vtxsrejected by the buyeis. Other consignments went for low .prices.There was some good tobacco on the market, but. the majorityof the offerings was of a low grade.Growers had been advised to leavetheir low erade tobacco in the barnsand to bring to the (market only thebest. Some of the growers wno soio.their crops in the sale were in thebanks later on discharging some 1,0 rtof their indebtedness.There was a feeling of optimismamong the growers, as much as tosay: "Well, the jinx has usf butwe will make the very best we canof the situation." And they seemedto be doing it. There is still a 1 irgeamount of tobacco in the barnswhich has not yet been stripped,and this Mill be held for later sales.Heavily-loaded wagons passeuthrough M?in street yesterday afternoon, destined for future sales. Thesales will be coatinued d.'iUy untilthe 1920 crop is disposed of, or somuch as the owners desire to sell atthe present time.In several instances crops of tobacco that had been withdrawn frop:the opening sale at eleven and twelverents a (nound. were placed on salevesterdav. and brought only eight tninp rents ner pound. Other crops'that had been rejected at the opening sale wero-again sold yesterdayand brought fairly good prices.These seived to show the uncertaintyof the market.oNOTES FROM THE BASKET BALLGAMES.At the Y. M. C. A., Friday nlchtthe team from St. Joseph's College,5n "Rardstown. defeated the localKnights of Columbus five in a hotlyI contested game by a score of 18 to1 14. Both teams played a good game,11 but the Bardstown boys had a shade5 the best of the struggle. For Paris,, Kenney ployed a star game, while$ 1 the other members of the teaim gaveJ on excellent account of themselves., The Paris line-up was the ame as in' previous games. Other games arebooked for the neai future.The local Y. M. C. A. team will4. ' play Kentucky Wesleyan Collegej team, of Winchester, in the local Ya I gym to-night. The game ill becalled promptly ot v:au p. in. adouble-header will be staged, as the.Girls Triangle Club five will play ateam from the Business WomenvClub. Both games promise soma excellent spcrt.The team of the Western HighSchool, colored, of Paris, defeated ateam composed of teachers from theRussell High School, colored of Lexington, last week by a score of 8 to7. Paris put up an excellent gamein every particular. A return gameis scheduled to be played at Lexington soon.oEASTERN STAR SCHOOLThe annual school of instructionof the Twenty-third District, Order.2. of tlio THnclnvn Qtuv to?io Tmlrl Sntnr-; day at the Masonic' Temple, in Lex-4i ! ington, with Lexington Chapter No.' 110 as host.Mrs. Emma J. Croninger, of Covington, Grand Matron of the order,was present. The Chapters fromNicholasville, Paris, Shawhan, Millersburg and Lawrenceburg sentrepresentatives. At the evening session seven candidates were initiatedand the degrees were exemplified bythe Lexington Chapter. Luncheonwas served to the -visitors at the Masonic Temple at noon and ' at sixo'clock, there was a buffet supper inhonor of the visitors -and the officersof the Lexington Chapter.PABIS PEOPLE IIT KENTUCKYBKIVEESITY PLAY"The Strollers," the dramatic orga-V -nization of Kentucky University, isarranging to present the play, "The4 Admirable JMch ton," from the cele-V ir rA t-irEnl -r T TT T33tin. iniU UJOltU "lCl tJJf U. AX. iJftlllC ill,' March. The play will be producedj in several Central Kentucky towns.S j The characters in the play will belassignea tnis weeK. two youngParis students will be in the cast.Miss Louise Connell and her brother,Raymond Connell. Both possess dramatic talent of ahigh order. Ascreen veision of the play jwas showiin Paris recently under the 'title of'Male 'and Female.'IMPRESSIVE HONORS PAID MEMORY OF BOURBON HEROWith impressive military hor-ors,in the presence of one of the largestcrowdes ever gathered in the ParisCemetery, the body of Bishop Batterton, world-war hero, and a popular son of Bourbon, was lowered infoits last resting place Sunday afternoon. Lowering leaden clouds overhead and a sno,y blanket furnishedNature's shoud for the fallen hero,while, with bowed heads and saddened hearts the assembled multitudepaid silent tribute. To many ofthem recurred the beautiful linespenned by Theodora O'Hara:"Sons of the Bark and Bloody"X groundYe must not slumber thereWhere stranger tonguesnd stepsresoundAlong the heedless oir;Your own proud State's heroic soilShall be your flitter grave;She claims from War his richestspoil,The ashes of her brave."The body arrived in Paris fiomNew York at 3:15 Saturday afternoon, and, escorted by a detail fromBourbon Post, American Leg! on,was taken to the home of his brother, County Judge George Batterton,on Cypress street.z The funeral was held at the Christian church Sunday afternoo-n, inthe presence of an audience that filled the structure from door to door,many being unable to gain admittance. The casket, draped with p.large American flag, was precededinto the church by a guard of honorcomposed of eight marines, all tramCynthiana, and former members ofyoung Batterton's command. Thefuneral procession passed through adouble file of about one hundred andfifty former service men, representing all branches of the service,mainly members of Bourbon Post.American Legion, under charge ofCaptain William Collins, commanderof the Post. As the funeral partyentered the church the choir sang,"Nearer, My God, To Thee." Rev.w TCllic.. -nastor of the church,paid a feeling and eloquent tributeto the memory of Bishop Batterton."Men do well," he said, "to worship their heroes, for these are theywho have lifted the gates of prisons from their hinges, broken theswords of tyrants, and led the pilgrim hosts into the promised land oflearning and liberty. When T thinkof Bishop Batterton, with his undaunted courage, ms Deauuuuoiuii christianpatriotism! that led him to give his- ya nmintrv. I am overwhelm-& - !? !tuiysrS:Hp was me liuc iji' " - -- ,can soldier, whose knighthood andchivalry and courage are known tneworld around. In action he was sublime, veryfying the promise he madeto his molher when leaving himthat he would never do anythingthat would bring dishonor to his flcbor his country." .At the cemefery a vast crowdgathered for the first military funeral conducted there since the .close of'the Civil War, the more regiavkablefrom the tact mat mowv ------wasone of the first to respond to thecall to arms, and the first Bourboncounly boy to give up his life in I eworld-war. The choir sang TlicChristian's Good N1M, followswhich Rev. Theodore S. Smylie, pastor of the Piesbyterian church, ancchaplain of Bourbon Post, offered aSing prayer. The guard ofhonor fix-ed three volleys over theopen grave. Stationed at the headof the grave a bugler blew tap,signifying the end of all thirdsearthly for the tidier and as 1 1 .iVKini-e nrt faded into the (aslance; a second bugler sUtioned ona distant knoll, oeVh "'the body was lowered into theSave. Rev. J. T Sharrard proSomtced the benediction The pobenrers were the following foinierservice men:' Hiratn Adair. CharUsnevrs Ben Clark Wilson, John a..P.?f !' Sr TTouston. Alvin Thomp-D'-U.n -"-" - -- , TTnrvVScott Woodford andTrm'ps At the conclusion of the ceremonies tlie assemblage silently departed, leaving behma men. -benecucuun wc ..-"o---embalmed and saintedi "RJ- n'dead,Dear as the blood ye gaye;No impious, footsteps hereshalltreadThe herbage of your grave.Nor shall your glory be forgotWhile Fame her record keepsOr Honor-points the hallowed spotWhere Valor proudly sleeps.WINCHESTER EIRE DOES $24,000 DAMAGEFire that resulted in a loss of over$23,000 destroyed the Bluegrass Garage on North Main street in Winchester late Thursday afterr-oon.The origin of the fire is not known.Six automobiles, one of which wa, aCadillac touring car belonging to I.Gay Strode, of infton. eredestroved. The loss on the buildinfstimated at $0,000 S L Got ndH. C. McKim, owners of tnegaragt,stated that the los on the. carswould amount to more n $12 000while paints and supplies valued at$700 and tools vaiUed at ?500 weiel0The insurance on the building andstock is said to be smallFire, Wind aid Uf htninf Insur-JtHOMAS, WQOMOW) BRYANLOOKING THE TOBACCO, SITUA-TION IN THE FACEThe decision to reopen the loose . Br. J. A. Orr, of Paris, was elect eiTleaf tobacco worehouses in Paris for .president of the Kentucky Midlanda resumption of interrupted sales . Medical Society for the coming irwill, we believe, meet with the ap- at the one-hundredth quarterly approval of nearly all the growers in sion of that organization held in tkBourbon county. The threatened .ballroom at the Lafayette Hotelsuspension until May had resulted in Other officers chosen were: Dr Jua general paralysis of business, and lian Estill, Lexington, vice-presidrtt"had given the farmer a gloomier and Dr. L. C. Redmon, Lexingtonoutlook than he would have had or-1 secretary-treasurer. The next quardinarily. 1 terly meeting will be held in FrinilIt is not a theory which is con-, fort in April,fronting the tobacco grower thisj Two addresses featured the nieetyear. As a class he is in debt, and , ing. Dr. Chas. F. Voigt, of Midway,his banker is naturally anxious over discussed "Cardiac Stimulation," andthe prospect. Tobacco will not be a, Dr. W. J. Young, of Louisville,profitable crop at an average of six-'spoke on the subject, "Radium andteen or eighteen cents a pound, but. Its Application to Disease." The,the impression isJlhat it will be bet latter lecture was illustrated hyter for the grower to take his loss, ; lantern slides. A general discussionget the be?t he can for his product, followed each talk. .and with the cash relieve the credi'stringency which exists.We are not in the confidence ofJ.-U- -IJ.. e j.1, ,..-.,-. .1,J1, Itne leaueis ui luc iuuveme.ni. wmuuresulted in the meeting held in Lexington last week. It may be theyhave plans and resources which areunder cover. It was suggested thatsales be held off until May, that thecrop be cut out in 1921, that thegreater pait of the epp be storeu,and that negotiable warhouse receipts be issued for it. The announced plan did rot deal with thecrux of he situation, which is thatthe growers must have money now..Credit has been strained to carrythem thus far. Additional extensions make additional strain. Toissue negotiable warehouse receipts appears a poor plan, for the,reason that warehouse receipts willnot be negotiable unless someonecan be found with money to lend opthem. The last statement of Bourbon county banks shows that practically all of them have out largeloans. Nothing fuithcr could be expecte'd of themEurope wilFnct buy the cheapergrades at present. Tobacco simplycan not be sold there. No appreciable sum could be borrowed on suchtobacco even if the money wereavailable. The tobacco companieshave not reduced the prices of theirmanufactured products. Their dividends are large, and they should bewilling to pay a fair price for theraw material. But if there has beenoverproduction they cannot underthe law of supply and demand beforced to take a surplus at a highprice.The farmer will have to take aloss this year. Othci lines have doneit. It is hard for a good ship to meetwith bad weather, but the disasterwill not be so complete if something is saved from the wreck. Thiscrop must be sold. The time for thefarmer to figure for the benefit offarmer is before his work is aone,and not after it is finis-bed. Let thegrowers' organizations get a plan forthe 1921 crop that will bring a goodreturn on the t'ime, maney and laborinvested.oDOWN THEY GO.Lotus peaches 30 cents the can;Serv-Us peas 15 cents the can; SeivUs soup, large size, 4 for 25 cents.The above bargains will gJ in ahurry.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSThe Board of Council met in regular session in the Council Chamberin the City Hall, Thursday night,with Mayor B. B. January presiding.Onlv a imll amount of businesswas transacted beyond the routine ,order.Louis Margolen. who has been acting as substitute fireman in place ofFrank Speakes, resigned, was giventhe place permanently. The FireCommittee was authorized to purchase five hundred feet of new hosefor the fire department.The meeting developed a surprise,when an ordinance, prepared underthe direction of the City Attorney,providing for the election ot Cniefof Police was read and adopted byf, nnnnimous vote. The ordinance, iwhich is published in this issue ofTHE NEWS, makes tne orace uiChief of Police an appoinuveoiiu.The appointment will be made bythe incoming Council on January 1,low Thp adontion of the ordinancewas a complete surprise to the dif--i.Ti ...I,,-. -nril! nl'ierent canaiaaies wuwwill nowhaeto abandon their campaign forthe office.TH0S. F. BRANNON FINED $1,000A fine of $1,000 was agreed toFriday in United states- aisi.ru-!.court, at Lexington, in tne cus uj.T. F. Brannon, formerly of Pans,pronrietor of a cafe at Limestoneand Water streets, who was underindictment on charges of possessingand selling intoxicating liquors andwith assaulting ar officer. Tne latter charge was coasolidaW with tnepossession and selling charge.Brannon 's place was raided on Saturday afternoon, Dec. 4, and Federalpiohibition agents found tv.-enty-fourfull quarts of whisky anu onepartially filled quart bottle.When the officers went to t-nethird foor of the building occupiedby Brannon and attempted to forceopen a dpor with a hatchet, Brannonwas said to have snatched thehatchet from the hands of one of theofficers.Attorney Harry Miller, jvho represented Brannon, said the defend-:ant was willing to pay a fine of ?!,000 on the selling and possessioncharge. This offer was accepted andthe other indictment was consolidated withtt. , ' u .,PARIS PHYSICIAN HEW TTTlTiMEDICAL SOCIETYDr. W. E.Risque, of Midway.president ofthe society, nreslded:..and Dr. Elmer Eses. of Lexinctonx w Twas secret.!-ry,The medical fraternity of Bourbon.cr-unty was represented at the meeting by Drs. Jas. A. Orr and J. 1L.Stern, of Paris.aBAPTIST MISSIONARY PBOGBA1C-TOR KENTUCKY ISENLARGEDEnlargement of the program forState missions, evangelism, and pastoral support was authorized by theExecutive Committee of the BaptiitState Board of Missions at a calledmeeting of the board at headquartersin Louisville.More than $100,000 has been appropriated already for denominational work in the State duiing theyear, which will be spent on missionary work in the mountains andin othr Sections of the State, evangelism and as supplementary to pantor's salaries in the weaker churches.The amount appropriated does notinclude money appropriated forchurch building, which is a part ofthe enlarged program of work inKentucky during 1921.Other appropriations will have tobe made by the compiittee from timeto time duiing the year, which probably will bring 'the total for missionary effort, evangelism aud-pas-toralsupport tc approximately$200,000 before the end of theyear.The committee named W. S, Farmer, preeminent layman, of Frami;fort, chairman of the layinai'emovement in Kentucky, with instructions to arrange for a big layman's mass meeting in Louisvilleduring the next few months.Mozart began composing at theage of 4 years, earlier than anybody else on record.aWe Know flowNettletonShoesReduced to$17.00.Witchelk iShoesReducedS4.00THE PAIRThe above prices arebargains and are madeto raise cash.Come in TO-DAY andget a pair of highgrade shoes at a reasonable price.MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREOUTFITTEMTO.rviu2 -c --Jr: v'HWHjV 44-f"- Jx :v 'T" P16ITW0THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKY ';""??.-z-iTUJKDAT, JANTTAUT If, Itir "111 , !IE BOURBON NEWSied' 199140 Years of Continuous PublicationiatiiliilEvery Tuesday and Fridaylear. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.at the Paris. Kentno.irv'Jfctfotlce as Mail Matter of thei Class.)JOBEIGy REPRESENTATIVES.Stew York American Press Asso-.fiW-:lori & Thomas.i tJJptoaff. W. Ayers & Son.v Jta Massengale Adv. Agency.I Minnat1--.Blaine-Thompsoi Co.2iville Stark-Lowman Co.r- .ADVERTISING RATES23tejlay -Advertisements, $1.00 perjwk lor first time; 50 cents per tocUSWMfc subsequent insHnn l mcalading Notices, 10 cents per line2 "ue' " notices to blackW 20 cents per line, each issue.eSZS1 " calls on candlw, obituaries and resolutions, andum- matter, 10 cents .per line.Jclal rates for large advertisemSM ana yearIy contracts.aight 0f SubUsher Is reseivedMine any advertisement or otherMtttr for publication.onncements for political officesam invariably be accompanied byI00SE TALK DANGEROUSOrdinary people flee -from the pessimist. Thy dodge the person overlyfond of talking of his troubles, oranothers. They are still more anxious to avoid the man who talks oftroubles that exist only in imagination, the panic-predictor, for instance. This is as true now as itwas a year ago. And yet, to-day,there is more of chis "viewing wiihalarm."It isn't that there is need for pessimism now. It isn't that the country is worse off Than it was. Thereverse is fact. The United States ismore prosperous than ever before.The year's crops were fine. Theyear's production of manufacturedgoods was all that could be desired.Nn danger threatens from withoutor within.No danger? Yes, there is danger!The danger of loose talk.Richard S. Hawes, former president of the American Bankers' Association, says:"Loose talk and gossip is the mostdangerous of the various conflictingcut rents of the present time."He asks for "calm, thoughtful consideration of prevailing conditions.""Let us encourage an optimisticattitude fo1 the- futuie" Hawes advises, "and develop in our ownmind? a firm foundation of belief inthe future of our country, its resources ancl its people."Here are we, the richest nation onearth, Mie most intelligent peopie,possessors of natural resources oftremendous wealth, creditors of theworld, with work enough for every(mother's r-on, and daughter, too!Why indulge m "looc talk" whenthere is some:hing better to talkabout.V oNO MORE GRAY HAIRMildredina Hair Remedy N NeverPailsTo restore gray hair to its naturalcolor and beauty. No matter howold and faded you, hair l:oks. orhow long you hav been gray, itwill work wonders for you, keep youlooking young, promote a luxuriousgrowth of healthy hair, stops itsfalling out and positively removesdandruff. Will not soil skin or linen.Will not injure your hair. Is not adye. lRefuse all substitutes, 75c and$1.25 a bottle at G. S. Varder. &Son's.Out of town customers supplied byparcel post.FREE To show how quick Mildredina Hsir Remedy acts, we willsend a large sample free by returnmail to any one sending this Couponto Mildred Louise Co., Boston, Mass.,with name and address and 10c forpostage, etc. adv)oJUG OF SORGHUM OUTSELLSLOAD OF TOBACCO' "VELVET JOE'S ALMANAC1?!THE NEWS is in receipt oWtiife1921 edition of "Velvet Joe"s Almanac," which is one of the most entertaining publications of this nature published in the United States.It t full to the end of valuable information. Any person may secureone of these almanacs free of chargeby writing to Velvet Joe, care ofThe Liggett & MyeTs Tobacco Co..421 Folsom Avenue, St. Louis, Mo.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATOR"We are authorized to announce3EENRY S. CAYWOOD, of North3dd2etown, as a candidate for thece of State Senator from the'SParenty-eighth Senatorial District,prising the counties of Bourbon,3xi and Montgomery, subject toe action of the Democrats at thsSpUs. ..' FOR REPRESENTATIVE7e are authorized to .announce3&MES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, ascandidate for re-election as RepMeentative from Bourbon County in3fte Lower House of the Kentuckvlgfelature, subject to the action offlfce TOters of the county at the prlmtarr election, August 2, 1921."VCvVi- -fTlvti iO iuiuOsE zzl'i'-zC'-xm'UW"Pape's Cold Compound"Breaks any Coldin Few Hoursjp!The United Kingdom, Germanyand the United States were the chief(markets for Chilean nitrate beforethe war."We are authorized to. announcea&MES M. CALDWELL, of Bourbonunty, as a candidate for RepreseninrtJve from Bourbor, county, in the3wer House of tin- Kentucky TJtegisirture, subject to the action ;f the"voters of the county' in the primary-ejection to be held on August 2.3321.FOR SHERIFF.I ihereby announce myself as aaa&did&te- for the Democratic nom'JaatSon for Sheriff of Bourbontranty at- the Primary Election iningiit, I&2T. When electedUterlff-my Deputies will be "Bob"iltey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.K. ED' 'BEDFORD, candidate forjBieriffof Bourbon County, respecttfnlly solicits your -support and intense:. TOavid E. Clarkr and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnJFcster) as a candidate for Jailer of33ourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of theounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersSnhis. candidacy."Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a caniidate for Jailer of Bourbon Counly; subject to the action of the Demeaatic primacy.FOR TAX CCA1MISSIONLRWe are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Dcp"siy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democratic3rty.We are authorized to announce3AS. H. MORELAND, of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County.Trith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, of3fHlersbtirg, as Deputy, subject toHe action of the Democratic, votersafjtBourbon county."We are authorized to announce30KN J. REDMON, of the NorthJfiddletown precenict, as a candi4&te for Tax Commissioner of BourIten county, with THOMAS TAUL,Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.TORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER..Ben Woodford, Jr., will make the3ce for Deputy in connection with.Walter Clark as Tax CommissionerM Bourbon County, subject to thection of the Democratic party.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as aandidate for Police Judge of theOrty of Paris, subject to the action'if the voters at the primary election on August 2, 1921.We are authorized to announceXOBERT S PORTER, of Paris, asa4iia'te for Police Judge of thetty ef Pari subject to the action0t the TOter in the primary elec- Times.Instant relief! Don't stay stuffert-! Quit blowing and snuffling! Adose of "Papes's Cold Compoundtaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks upany cold.The very first dose opens cloggednostrils and the air passages of thehead; stops nose running; relieesthe headache, dullness, feverishness."Pape's Cold Compound" actsquick, sure, and costs only a fewcents at drug stores. It acts without assistance, tastes nice, containsno quinine. Insist upon Pape's!(adv)oTOBACCO PRICES IN 1920 BELOWPREVIOUS YEAR.The average price of the 1920crop of tobacco sold during -hemonth of December is $7.27 a hundred pounds as compared with anaverage price of $35.64 a hundredfor thex1919 crop sold during lastDecember.During December 4,603,125pounds of the 1920 crop was soldfor $334,750.98. During the samemonth 4,164,100 pounds of the 1919crop was sold for $483,883.34, or anaverage of $11.38 a hundred pounds.In December of 1919 the averageprice a hundred for the 1918 cropwas $20.74.These figures aro contained in uieDecember tobacco report issued byCojnmissioner of Agriculture W. C.Hanna.bbihwStiiTt's a waste of time to experimentwith liniments and plasters AVienyou have a dull, throbbing backache of sharp, stabbing twinges. Getafter the cmisg! Help the kidneyswith Dean's Kidney Pills. Read"firs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris sajf-: "I fell and received aninjury which left my kidneys in aweakened condition. I suffered severely and although I took differentemedies, nothing gave me a bit o.iel''ef I "was aayieu to laite uuan oKidney Pills and after a. short usethey relieved mo. At that time jinyback ached and pained until Ithought- U ' would break in t-vo.Uiarp twinges of pain would shoctthrough my kidnes. In one weekafter taking Doan's Kidney Pil!-J Ifelt like a different woman an Istill take them whenever I feel mykidneys need a tonic" (Statementeiven February 17, 190S.)On November 12, 1920, Mrs Margin said "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beaid 1 recommend thean 3'ist asstronslv to-day os I did many yearsage T when I told of their good merits i glaoly conSrm my forme-statement." . -rrtPrice 60c, at aL dealers Donsimply ask for a kidney remedy--getSi Kidney Pills-the same thatMrs Martin had Fester-MilbcinCo.,'Mfrs., Buffalo, N, Y. (adv)Mr. Simpkins in Hard Luck.Mr. Simpkins was complaining to hisbosom friend. Jenkins, about the numerous ills his wife had brought uponhim in the course of their association."When first I met her," he said, "I wasstruck dumb with admiration. When Imarried her I was blind with love,and now," he added, "I'm deaf fromher everlasting talking."oWhy Worry About Coal 7The sun and stars do not depend fortheir heat on contraction, but on somevast reservoir of subatomic energy.The sun can still maintain its outputof heat for 15,000,000,000 of years, andit must date back to time so remotethat there is no practical limit to esti1 mates of the age of the earth. London jHerd's the experience of mc t -baccogiower in Madison cr.irity, asrepoitec by a man who is on ihowarehouse floors nearly eveiy dayThis fellow brought in a small wagon load of tobacco one day early inhe week. Just before leaving hom?he put a keg of molasses on the backof the wagon and left it at a storein town on hi? way to iho warehouse.His tobacco crop wasn't very highgrade, and he is said to have received more for his aorghum than he didfor his load of tobacco.oSTATE AID TO BE EXTENDEDROADWAYSSeventy-two miles of road havebeen accepted by the State HighwayCommission for State maintenanceas part of the primary system ofState highways. The acceptancemakes 118 miles to be maintainedby the State. The roads acceptedare:Woodford county, 8 miles Frankfort pike; Franklin county, 5 jmilc3Versailles pike; Jefferson county,4i miles Bardstown road, concrete,and 7V2 n.iles Eighteenth streetroad, lock asphalt; Warren, 2 milesCave City pike, rock asphalt; lioyu,4 miles brick, Midland Trail; Bourbon, lh. miles Cynthiana pike;Nelson, 2 miles Louisville p'ke, rockasphalt; Jessamine, 8 miles Lancaster pike; Mercer, 5 miles Lexingtonpike and 5 miles Lawrenceburgpike; Boyle, 4 miles Stanford p'koand 2V jmiles Harrodsburg pikeMcCracken, 10 miles May field pike.Contributions of $225,000 fromLawience county and $100,000 fromJohnson county, to be applied to iheMayo Trail; $100,000 from Johnsoncounty to be applied to" the Paintaville road, i.nd $100,000 from Pikecounty for the Pikeville-Williams-burgroad, were accepted by thecommission."danderTne"Girls! Save Your Hair!Make It Abundant!An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE ELECTIONOF THE CHIEF OF POLICE OFTHE CITY OF PARIS BY THEBOARD OF COUNCIL.BE IT OEDAINED BY THE MAYORAND BOARD OF COUNCIL OFTHE CITY OF PARIS, KENTUCKY: That hereafter the Chief of Policeof the City of Paris shall be appointedby the Board of Council of said City,and that the first appoaitment hereunder shall be for the term beginningthe first Monday in January, 1922,and shall be for the term provided bylaw.This Ordinance shall be in fullforce and effect from and after itspassage and publication as requiredby law.E. B. JANUARY,Attest Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.u " '", ' Evidently He Ntvtr Had."I don't see why you garage mencan't be cheerful and pleasant whenfolks come into your place to do business with you," said the automobileowner. "Mister," replied the garageemployee, "I guess you never workedIn a garage." Detroit Free Press.Livery Stable, Feed, Saleand HitchI have opened a stable en Second and High streets, Murphy'sStock Yards, where I am prepared totake care of your horses for fe?d andhitch. Your patronage is solicited.(ll-3h) M. J. MURPHY.For Sale PrivatelyAdministrator's NoticeAll parties indebted tojthe estateof the late J. A. Dudley- are requested to settle with, the undersigned. Those having claims againstther estate will please present sameproperly proven according to law,for payment.W. K. DUDLEY,(4-3wks) Administrator.Administrator's NoticeFive-room cottage of modern construction, equipped with electricugnts, gas and both. Located on indebted to the estate ofBrent Avenue. Now occupied by George W. Davis in any way aregood-paymg tenants. Lot G0xl20 .hefehv nnttified to pall nn the rnider-All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late George W.Davis, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing them3elTestho saidfeet. Possession given March 1.Call Cumberland phone 849.(11-lmo) """Plenty of CoalWe have plenfy of fine coalin our Paris yards. Guaranteed tosatisfy. Buy now and save futurecosts. We have the best coal to befound in the city.MANSFIELD &. JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711; Home 510.Farm Loans, 6TERMS 5 AND 10 YEARSS. T. & E. W. RANDLE502 FAYETTE NAT. BANK,LEXINGTON, KY.dec28-tf)hereby nottified to call on the undersigned A dministrator ond make a fulland just settlement of all such indebtedness. OWEN L. DAVIS,Administrator of Geo. W. Davis.(dec31-4Aks)WANTEDGirls between the ages of IS and1 35 years to enter School of Nursing., Salary: First year, $15 per month;second year, $20, and third year $25per month. Laundry, room and boardfree. Applicants must have at leastone year in high school, or itsequivalent. High school graduatespreferred. Apply to superintendent atMASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL,(14-3t) Paris, -Ky.PUBLIC S.A.I-.EIOFtssBOURBON COUNTY FARMSaturday, January 22nd, 1921As surviving partner and agent for the Plummer heirs, trie undersigned. vrU sell at public suctioon SiTUPvDAY, JANUARY 22, 1921, at 10 o'clock a. m., on the premises, the farm of Plummer & McClure.TRACT NO. 1 Contains 186 541-1000 acres. Improvements consist of a comfortable five room residence, a new six icre tobacco barn,. a new horse barn and all necessary out-buildings.TRACT NO. 2 Contains 141 79-100 acres. Improvements consist of a comfortable fiame residence of$ six rooms, a new six-acre tobacco bam. a new horse barn and all necessary out-buildings.The location is good, 2Vz miles from Paris on tho Jackstown pike. The entire farm is now in blue, grass, with the exception of twelve acres. Seventy-five acres of this farm are in old blue grass sod thathas not been plowed for twenty-two years. All splendidly watered and newly fenced.. Prospective purchasers are invited to call on Mr. Squire Lucas, who lives on the farm, to show theTERMS Liberal. Will be announced day of sale.JAMES McCLURE(ll-4)i'B!rflEi&m &jat jCCkJLnImmediately after a "Danderine"massage, your hair takes on newlife, lustre and wondrous beauty, appearing twice as heavy and painful,because each hair seems to fluff andthicken. Don't let your hair staylifeless, colorless, plain or- scraggy.You, too, want lots of long, strong,beautiful hair.A 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" freshens your scalp,checks dandiuff and falling hair.This stimulating "beauty-tonic"gives to thin, dull, fading hair thatyouthful brightness and abundant"thickness All druggists!(adv-T)WHISTLING POLKS! ,The whistlers, a a class, belongto the good people of the world.The boy that goes bravely whistlingup the street isn't "bent on devilment." The man who on a Sundaymorning wrestles around under agassy motor car, gently blowingout the notes of "ilock of Ages"isn't thinking much about sin. Andthe housewife, if one may listen in,is heard to softly whistle the notesof some song of girlhood or mothvrerhood, as she proceeds about herhousewifely duties, can generallybe depended upon to be of the rightstuff, all the way through.Taken all the way through, thewhistlers, men, women and boys, yesand girls, too, are an optimistic,happy, contented lot. Whistlingseems to be a natural way of mindexpression. It U for many peoplemental relaxation for solitary situations. It serves its purpose. And'helps out the, songwriters.Home IndustriesMake your New Year present this year onethat will give a future return. Our shortterm bonds due in 1929 net 7.6 interestper year. We refund the 4 mill . State Taxand Normal Income Tax.$50 Bond sold for $45$100 Bond sold for $90Terms cash or on installment plan ask anyTraction employee for detailsLexington Utilities CompanyIncorporated in Kentucky156 West Main Street Lexington, Ky.;r A'ri 9. 1Q90. ZvM A-"-- "L 93LS. ,ixir- .Ko- -ffV'1'iif--.Ps:i ?& -i Jev.mcs- .??T-pv- Vi rtJErJB&$ 5ANUAKY 18, 1921THE BOUSBON ffiWS, PAfttS, KENTUCKY""iriagjfc- rHV""- A' PAGi ram 3OK. W. J. KIfFVETERINARIANw- Successor to Br-. Watson: Office InBOUHEON GARAGE, PARIS, KY.(nov-19-tf) Both Phones 347.Desirable Canned GoodsSold Regardless of CostIn order to get the room to enlargemy tea room, I will sell out mystock of groceries and canned goodsregardless of cost. Come in and geeyour groceries at wholesale priceswhile they last.Here are a few of the many bargains I am offering:Smrll cans Styi:dard Californiapeiches, in syrup, 20 cents.Small cans California Apricots insyrup. 20 cents.Large cans Standard Californiapeachc-s, in syrup, 35 cents.Larire cans fancy Californiapeaches, in syrup, 4 0 cents.Large cans fancy California Apricots, in syrup, 40 cents.Small cans grated pineapple, 25cents.No 2 fancy tomatoes, 2 cans for25 cents.No. 2 fancy tomatoes, 2 cans for25 cents.No. 2 standard pears, 15 'jents.All canned soups. 10 cents.Potatoes, per peck, 45 cents.All other goods in proportion.Mre. Ellis' Cash GroceryOpposite Court House,JlleberCHIROPODISTFoot'SpecialistAll Troubles of theRemoved Withoutthe KnifeEVERYTUESDAYAND'ERIDAYOfficeWINDSOR HOTELParis, Ky,BWGHTER,lVlvmiNVrJust HistoryIn 76- The Colonial Dame, Spun her clothr l By Candle flame.In 1860J In Crinoline bright,She greeted her griestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does nassHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.But the srirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas& Electric Co.S - .NCr fivMILLERSBURGMr.and Mi-3. S. M. Allen ?visiting her parents, Mr. and AirsEfrasm Wood, at Stanford.Fred Hill, of Center College.Danville, spent the week-end athome. He was here to attend theTHE SICK Mesdames FannieNorton, Clara Shanks and Anna Darnell continue about the same. MrsIN. H. Rankin continues criticallyill.Eorn Thursday afternoon, tothe wife of William Fussnecker, ahandsome five-and-a-half pounddaughter, christened Bernice Lor-rane. Mother and habe are doingnicely.W. T. Ritchie entertained astag paity of twelve friends nt thehome ot Mrs. Dennis McMahanWednesday evening. A delightfulmenu was served at 8:00 p. m., -afterwhich a smoker was indulged in.All present spent a pleasant evening, and the occasion will always beone of the pleasant events on thecalendar of memory of his guests.On Friday evening Mr. and Mrs.R. L. Tarr entertained the weddingparty of their daughter, Miss EstherTarr, with an elaborate four-coursesix-o'clock dinner. The party consisted of those constituting the wedding party, with Mr. and Mm. J. T.Purdy, and Rev. and Mrs. W. W.Morton. Eighteen guests were picsent. The following officers have beenelected to erve during the new yearfor the Exchange Bank of Millersburg: President J. C. Leer; vicepresident W. P. Shanklin; cashierJohn T. McDaniel, Sr.; bookkeeper Richard McDaniel: Board of Directors Jos. D. Boolh, W. P. Shanklin, L. M. Stewart, John C. Leer,Jos. A. Parris, G. R. Stoker andJohn F. McDaniel.Capt. Robert Harbeson and sister, Miss Mary Dan Harbeson, ofFlemingsburg, gave a most pleasingconcert at the M. C. Auditoriuir.,Friday, at 8:00 p. m. Notwithstanding the inclement weather, a goodaudience was in attendance. A (moEtpleasing program was lendered andthey responded to numerous encoresMr. and Miss Harbeson are wellknown here, where they have givenseveral pleasing concerts. They -arealways sure of a good audience oneach return. The concert was underthe auspices, of the Twentieth Century Club. A nice sum was realized.Thursday evening the youngladies of the M. C. entertained inhonor of Miss Esther Tarr, who wassoon to be united in marriage to Mr.James Doty. The assembly was composed of the faculty and the studentbody of the College, the only otherguests being Mrs. R. L. Tarr, motherof the bride-elect. Tea and sandwiches were served, and a delightfulmusical program rendered, bv thefaculty of the College. The receiving line was piade up of Mre. C. C.Fisher, Miss Esther Tarr, bride-elect,Miss Olive Fisher and Mrs. R. L.Tarr, mother of the bride-to-be.JOHNSON BUNTIN.Miss Ruth Evans Johnson, eldestdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. W.Johnson, and Mr. P.untin, the latterof Carlisle, -were united in marriage.Thursday afternoon at the home ofthe officiating minister, Elder Slater,pastor of the Christian church. Immediately after the wedding theyleft for Lexington, where they willspend a few days, after which theySwill he at home to their men as atCarliFle. The bride s one of ourattractive young ladies, a graduatejof the MilJersbuvg High School. Mr.Buntin is a prominent young business man of Carlisle. They werethe recipients of a number of usefuland beautiful presents.Tarr-Doty wedding.TARR DOTYOne of the prettiest weddlrgsseen here in a long time took placeSaturday at 3:00 p m., at th3 homeof R. L. Tarr, when his daaghter,Miss Esther Tarr, became the wife ofJames Doty. This notable event ha?been looked forwaid to for sometime, as the wedding involved two ofour most prominent "young people.More than a hundred guesi? -ere invited. Quite a number, however,were prevented from being presenton account of the inclement wither, while a few did not get here onaccount of distance.The color scheme was green andwhite, and was thoroughly carriedout in all details. The spaciousliving room in the Tarr homo v'asprofusely decorated with SouthernovnilnY and white carnations, whiletil nrJioinins: roam was dpcoratedm was dpcoratea ,lax and red car-;with Southern smnations. In the window wnere inebridal psrty stood the curtains were heavily drapedwith Southern smilax anlthe home was softly illuminated withwhite wax tapers. Miss Helen Hawkins, of the M. C. accompanied byMiW Elizabeth Pruitt. on the piano,sang "Oh, Promise Me," after theguests had assembled, ai uie ay ,pointed time the bridal paity enier-cd the spacious living' room in thefollowing order, to tne strains ui tiLohengrin wedding march, by MissElizabeth Pruitt: First came the ribbon bearers, Misses Martha Purdy.of Millerpburg, and Elizabeth Mock,of Ashland. They were followed bytwo little ring bearers, Misses Maryir.iiPn Saunders and Laura YimonClarke, carrying separate 11"?''Then came the maid of no?or fl"s"Katherine Tarr. sister of tneftriar-elect, atrired in white organdie, the,-qi7ir P-r.wn of ner grauumumwMcFarland. She carried a showeri,,,10t of Tiink ropes, sne was ioi-ir-wcd by the bride, Miss Estho.Tarr, attired in her mother's wedding gown of white silk, wnh tramand veil, the veil being held with avi-path of pearls, and carrying ashower bouquet of bride's roses. Ihe-room, James Doty, on the anm ofi,Pst man. William Laysoli, en-u.-a t-nrm another door, all fornuna teutiful group in the ag.wfcare they .were met uj . ,",A $500 STEER STAKE(By W. E. Stilwell)If the State Fair of differentStates would advertise they wouldgive a $500 steer stake every yir,and if the county fairs would give n$200 stake, all divided into severalnums, it would he a drawing card tothe cattle breeders and there wouldbe a royal boom tc the cattle interests. The little narrow, light-bodiedsteer would be replaced with thebroad backed steer with quality.There would be a greater profit anda fascination that would bring backthe days of the 80's when they exhibited the 'great show steers Schooler and Nonesuch, which won $3,000 in gold and seveial cups. Thejwere exhibited oy the late Mr. W.H. Renick, of Kentucky, who madethe Bluegrass State famous for fineshow steers.What a steer is worth denends un-on his breeding and the man thathas charge of him. A scrub is worthfive cents a pound, and a championshow steer weighing 1,100 poundssold for over $2 a pound and thechampion tteer of 1920, weighing1,360 pounds, sold for $1.75 a poucd.The young farmer should not becontented to grow plain cattle andiselect his seed corn and wheat fromthe crib ar.d bin, as in his grandfather's day. He should have a vision of greater things and dream ofa gieat show, of beautiful cattle,wheat and corn that has greater sizeand every ear looks alike and contains more and straighter rows.Then he will begin to see life andthe world differently and begin trbuild up and beautify the home andfarm, and the grass will seem green-'er and the songs of the birds sweeter than ever before. He will visitthe live stock shows, come homewith a greater knowledge and starta gi eater herd, then enter the fuowring and win the honors thereThis gives a fascination that oftenleads to fame and fortune. Manytimes the winning" of one blue ribboris the beginning of a noted herdthat dnjys trade from other Statesand nations.Then the thought comes, why can'tthe Department of Agriculture puton the screen at the county sites, theState Fair, Nashville Show, American Royal and the International,champions, -and show the youngfarmer the finished products of thelive stock, orchard and field industry? Then he will have a vision ofa greater and more beautiful worlcto live in.He feeds the rich and poor, protects our feet, turns the whaels ofour nation, bleaches white cur finesugar strained through his groundup bones, gives us buttons, beautifulnair pins to aaorn rne neaa, ms uairis used to beautify our walls, finerobes, soap, glue, some brands of fertilizer are obtained from the steer,he returns fertility to the soil, givesto his owner much pleasure and asunn of money for his care and eed.He gives emploment to manythousand people. He goes from thefeeder to the packer. Armour andCompany employ 62,121 people; payout $224,868,547 for cattln andcalves: $28,549,025 fqr sheep;$282,461,183 for hogs. They use10,387,580 pounds of sugar. Theirsixteen packing plants cover 37?.acies; 1,350 motor trucks, 5,417 refrigerators and tank cars are used tosupply food to eat, clothes wear, furnishings for the home, articles thatadorn, preparations that heal, products that make for health, comfort,efficiency and company. Extremelyfew are the fields of productionthat are complete without the uso ofone or several articles of animalorigin. Thus docs this industry contribute to commerce, science andart.: oMAN WHO SOLD COLT MASTEROE CEREMONIESGeorge A. Bain, Lexington auctioneer, who several years ago soldMan 'o War as a yearling to SamuelRiddle at the annual thoroughbredsale at Saratoga Springs, N. Y., willbe master of ceremonies at thehome-coming celebration to be accorded the horse when he returns t .Lexington this week. The Board ofCommerce committee named to workout the details of The celebralion tobe held in honor of Man o War willbe composed of the following: Geo.A. Bain, H. M. Hubbard, Cdias. R.Thompson, B. J. Treacy, Prof. J J.Hooper, H. P. Hcadley, Mayor T. O.Bradley, T. B. Cromwell, W. E.Caskey, V. K. Dodge and J. G. Cramer. Morton, of the Presbyterian church,the officiating minister. The doublerjng ceremony was used, which wasi,eautiful and impressive. At theclose of the ceremony Miss Pnnttlendered the Mendelsohnn weddingmarch, while congratulations werebeing spot en. After this individualices in the shape of roses, and cakeswere served. Souvenirs of whitecarnations were given to all guests.This is the most prominent wedding of the season in social circles.Miss Tarr jSis the eldest daughter ofMr and Jrs R L Tarr her fathere-ngT)ne 0 oui. most prominent andsuccessful farmers. She was a student of the M. C. almost to the timeof her marriage, and has a large circle of friends in this and otherStates. Mr. Doty is a son of Mrs.John T. Purdy, his father hrvingdied when he as a child. Hismother united in marriage a fewyears ago to Mr. Purdy, who is alsoa prominent farmer The young m?nfQr sevjral years was a student of M.M. I. This happy young couple werethe recipients of many nanribome. valuable preSeiits. Shortly afterthp weddins they left for a ten-days'visit with relatives in Lexington and fLancaster, before returning to theirhome. The following is a partialli?t of out-of-town guests picsentMrs. J. W. Mock and daughter, M;sElizabeth Mock, .Ashland; M:csesSarah Thorn and Mary Giles Thorn,-i.PYinfrton: Miss Ruth Weathers,,r.i lrhiirf- Mr. -.ndv Mrs. Jttooei--W"- " --! i.Turner, Misses Louise -Collier andMcClintock, Fans.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings ot OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Winchester San: "Mrs. SamWillis, of Paris, is the guest of hedaughter, Mrs. Vaughn Drake, andMr. Drake, at their home on Booneavenue."Mis. Warren DcJsv, of Montgomery. Ala.- formerly Wfrs MarthpSettle, of Paris, is a guett of hor sister, Mrs R. S Wilson, in North Aliddktuwn. The Senior members of the Economic Department at the Paris H'ghSchool entertained the members ofthe City Board of Education at dinner Thursday night.Mrs. Maude FJynn has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visit to her sister, Mrs. R. L. Wil- ,son, near Paris. Mrs. Wilson, who!has been very ill for several days, isimproving.Mr. and Mrs. Wills Jocaby, ofBourbon county, and Mrs. Wiliam R.Thomas, of Paris, were guests recently of Mr. and Mrs. Thcimas I.Wills, at their home on Lexingtonavenue, in Winchester.Mrs. C. E. Dickerson, who hasbeen a suest for some time of herdaughter, Mrs. W. E". Ellis, has returned to her home in WichitaFalls, Texas. Mrs. Ellis accompanied her.Mr. and Mis. Henry Werterburg have leased the fiat rccenlyoccupied by Mr. and Mrs. N. A.Moore, who are spending the winter with relatives in Umatilla, Florida. Mr. Worterburg io bookkeeperfor the G. O. Tuck Tobacco Co.A postcard from Louis C. Grosche, who left Paris a few days agofor ihe Siuth, written at Jacksonville, Fla., says: "Florida is a fairyland commencing right at Jacksonville. Pretty palms, pretty girls,pretty warm, 'n everything! BelieveI feel better after one day's treatment." The annual dance of the BetaNu Chapter of the Kappa Sigmafraternity, University of Kentuckywas given Saturday eveuing in theball room of the new LafayetteHftel, in Lexington. The ball roomwas beautifully decorated in the fraternity colors, green, scarlet andwhite. Among those participatingwere the following from Paris:Misses Louise Connell. Lillian Collins, Gertrude Wallingford,Sue Boardman, Henrietta Rogers.Margaret Lavin; Messrs. RaymtfdConnell, Vail Baldwin, Horace "Miller Clay and John Dundon.Miss Marie Moses a charmingand very talented Lexington girl,will, in April, become Mrs. BarnettWinters, and will change her residence from Lexington to Paris. Announcement of the engagement ofMiss Mopes and Mr. Winter?, was'made a few days ago at a socialfunction given in Lexington by Wm.Moses, uncle of the bride-elect. Theprospective bridegroom, BarnettWinters, one of the most popular ofParis' younger business jnen, is juii- tior member of the A. J. Winters Co., 'long ably managed by his deceasedfather, A. J. Winters. THE NEWS !extends sincere congratulations andbest wishes in advance of the happyevent.(Other Personals on Page 5)HEAlTHRESTOREO"My horse was in such run downcondition, I thought he '. would die.After feeding him Dr. LeGear'sStock Powders, he is as well as everand 's now as good looking a horseas there is in this section." J. C.Huste, Rockridge Baths, Va.Dr. LeGear's Stock Powders biuldup the body, vitality and muscularenergy of your horses and mules, insure more meet with less feed, frqm7. our hogs, sheep and cattle, and helpyour cows produce more and richermilk.Mr. Huste's small expenditureEaved him the price of a horse. Dr.LeGear can also help you. For 28years as a Veterinary Surgeon andvExpert Poultry Breeder he has devoted himself to the compounding otremedies for ailments of stock andpoultry. Whenever you have an ailment among your stock or poultryget the proper Dr LeGear Remedyfrom your dealer. It must satisfyyou, or your money will be refunded.(adr)o-Drum's Place in Music.The drum is a relic of ancient ages.Music in its crudest form is fundamentally rhythm later to develop intoharmony. The drum, lacking piteh,lacking true musical expression, nevertheless essentially registers rhythm.It represents music in its infancy asdevised by primitive peoples.o-Lime Kills Worms Attacking Plants.When little flies appear on the surface soil in which house plants grow,It is an indication of worms. A cup offresh lime mixed with ten quarts ofwater makes a good solution to sprinkle over the soil. Two or three applications are generally enough.4"I"I"i"I"I'4"l"I"X"I"I"I"X"I"X"l"M"i"I"M"l"l"?S. P. M0HNEYChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISI-1 1 MH H"t f ! !'Bourbon1DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4I The Bourbon LaundrjrParis,cimsasaja-Tre-5iaBMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSWe have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other toysleft over from the holidays.LetUs Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.a)!T. W.MAIN STREETaiimitnm.a - 4,...,H4iHpir.PayForYourCar jAsYou RideFORD CAR$268.04BALANCE12MONTHSRUGGtPARIS, KENTUCKYMMnaMBBaMMMMMMMMiML. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerKutchcraft Elevator, Pleasant StreetCumberland Phone 1028Patronize BourbonLaundryWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD fWith all the latest improve- wments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infe- -1rior to none, and solicit 1your patronage. f5IKentucky.JUiiJlilBKHVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.IfSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE- T -vHSM4-'"mT-mi?4HUHA WELL-FED HOImeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and notecarefully the result. TheScratch Feed keeps the hemjbusy working after the graia "ne egg iviasn provides tnei -bodieswith food necessary!to a lare egg yield,49fcNews AdrertisenES4fc.V, -"Vsv-&r fTAQMTQUMTHE BOURBON NEWS, FAKES, KENTUCKYTUESDAY JANUARY lSlttgu'liyery Stable, Feed, Saleand HitchI hive opened a stable en Secod a.nd High streets, Murphy'sStock Yards, wher2 I am prepared totake care of your horses for fe?d andJiilch. Your patronage if solicited.ai-3h) M. J. MURPKY.LODGE NOTESU3BREa2rncacEt!xv.CandySpecial !f -LIGGETT'SFINE CHOCOLATESat65c the Poundin bulk, for aadvertise this,With the Wonderful Centers."I At the recent meeting of Rathhone Lodge, No. 12, Knights ofPythias, the Second Rank was conferred on Page Records, a member ofIhe Richmond Lodge, who had jmadoa request fo'r the degree team of theParis lo.lge to do work. jThe fifty-seventh anniversary ofthe Knights of Pythias order will beappropriately obseived by Rathbone 'Lodge, on February 19. A committee will be appointed to make arrangements for the event.At the recent meeting of A. J.Lovely -Company, No. 34, UniformI Rank. Knights of Pythias, the following officers were elected to servefor the new year Captain Win. W.'Dudley; First Lieutenant Everett; Gifford ; Secoud Lieutenant LeetDesver; Recorder Ollie Patterson;, Treaf urer Wpn. Goodloe; Guide'A. T. Bratton; Sentinel Walter,'Blythe; Chaplain G. M. Turner.Installation of these officersvillI be held at an ealy date, with mem-4-,bers of visiting companies present,EDITORIAL ELINGS OF THIS,,THAT 'EN 'TOTHERI A- - w sSu r-u T 4. and, as usual, something doing.The Chocolates i 'TAKE A POUND HOMETODAY&Special Sale OnWriting PaperBox and pound paper. Onethird off the entire line for a fewdays. Crane's goods. Tintsand white."EUROPEAN RELIEF DAY" ATTHE MOVIES.A Henderson man who killed aa farmer is sentenced to prison foronly ten years by a jury which evidently is not alive to the gravity otthe growing scarcity of farmers.& if aThis has been a great season forwinter sports, bu when wintersports are in full swing the averagehousekeeper is dividing time between shoveling snow out ,t theway, or in calculating how he canvork the gp.s meter so as to get thebest results.One thing the Paris CommercialClub should insist upon is the numbering of every business house andresidence in Paris. Tbe work hasnever been completed, and severalhundred new homes have been erected in recent years Let's have thejob done thoroughly!Y. M. C. A. NOTESThe Bourbon County Thrift WeekCommittee is arranging to promotethe observance of the NationalThrift Week program in Bourboncounty on similar lines as before.Mayor E. B. Januaiy has issued a'proclamation on the observance of"the program. All oi the ministers ofBourbon county have been asked topreach on the subject on January23rd. A county school essay contestwill be hed.Basket ball teams are expecting ahot contest Tuesday night when theY. M. C. A. team meets the Kcn7tucky Wesleyan team from Winchester on the Y floor in Paris. Adouble-header bill will be staged,with a game between teams from TheTriangle club and Women's Mit-sionCircle of the Christian church.The band is one of the importantnew and growing organizations atthe Y. With only six rehearsals theboys are playing "America" and anumber of hymns. Prof. E. 0. Kidd,of Lexington, the director, speaks invery high praise of the talent in theX-RAY DENTISTRYThe up-to-dat dentist now-a-daysmakers an X-ray picture of everytooth separately, which, may needtreatment Noth:ng is left to chancoIf you havu a toothache he Willplace a small photographic plate, sayan inch square, inside your mouthback of the troublesome tooth.X-ray machine- is ther tinned on fura second or so and the plate is removed and developed. It will befonnd-to contain an exact life-siiephotograph of the tooth, which villshow exactly what is sroing on injslde. With this photograph beforejhim ihe dentist will know exactlyIwhat he is doing and is able to getat the trouble without giviag you asingle unnecessary jab.For Sale PrivatelyFive-room cottagr of modern con-Th- struction, equipped with electrialights, gas and bath. Located onBrent Avenue. New occupied bygood-paying tenants. Lot 60x120feet. Possession given March. 1.Call Cumberland phone 849.I (11-lmo)lMfrlfrtfrtfrJMflftMfrX'X'4"S'S' 'I1 'I' j' 41organization. The band is now com-VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.SPECIALCash Sale!One-Third Offof the regular price of anyHOT WATER BOTTLEORL. J. Dittmar, who has been tppointed by Herbert Hoover as chairman of Kentucky organizations ormotion picture interests in a country-widemovement to acquaint theAmerican public ith the questionof European relief, announced thatWednesday, January 26, has beendesignated as "Moving Picture Day,"at which time talks Avill be given atall the moving picture houses. Healso stated that there would bespecial morning matinees for children Saturday, January 29, the receipts from which would be giveu tothis cause.Alfred Brandeis, State chairmanof the fund, said that the total contributions in Kentucky amounted to$50,000. "The American relief ad-TYiicfvntirm rfrnvfrrl tJmt 9 45.700jfood drafts for Central Europe have ' f'Zlr A LoU ia tntoiinW GR aqq iQR Li I upsets their dope by adoptmMr. Brandeis stated.He said that thfr administratiormaintans five warehouses and fortysix branches in Europe where tln.sedrafts may be exchanged for food.Now InFull Blast!FOUNTAINYlIN THE HOUSEif you cut this ad out andit with you to the store.bringThis offer is good forten days only andFOR CASH.The Bu?y Bee Bargain House,Corner Main and Second Streets,Dow Building, across from Windsor Hotel. Paiis, Ky.All kinds of furniture and household goods nought and sold.We now have shout $4,000.00worth of splendid goods to selectfrom, many as good as new and wecan save you from 50 cenls to 75cents on every dollar you spend.Two splendid Pianos; 1 nice Organ; Carpets, etc.Both 'Phones.Be sure to see us before you buyx sell.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsPARIS, KY.The poker game inagents were sitting .when the Chicago thieves stole $3, 000, 000 worthof whisky, is the sort of game noKentucky gentlemon, as dramatistssee the type, would have wanted tomiss save for the pleasure of participating in the firewater haul.A Kentucky judge could not decide the question as to which side ofthe bed a married man should Jie on.A wife sued her husband for di-vorce, charging him with bva'aliry"because he slept on her side of thebed. Any married man could havetold him that the man's side of thebed is always whichever side his wifedoes not core to occupy.VJust about time the candidates forChief of Police had gotten their campaign fairly under way and had successfully weathered the "card" stasrethe City Council anaunsets t-neir aope Dy aaopuns u-u ui-dinance providing for election by thenew Council. VenJy, the way or tecandidate is beset with difficulties,.and he knows not one minute whatthe next will bring forth.MAY0B JAKTJABY ISSUES PROCLAMATION Paris, Bourbon County, Ky.,January 12, 1921.In accord with the need of thetimes and the example of our State'sChief Executive, Hon. Edwin P.Morrow, and being in hearty agreement with the purposes of the National Thrift Week Program,I, E. B. January, Mayor, herebyset apart the week of January 17-24to be observed as Thrift Week andearnestly recommend that our citizens set themselves to the specialstudy and observance of the elementsof Thrift as outlined by our ThriftWppV Committee and that those inposition of leadership, ministers andeducators, especially aaure&s menefforts in instruction in these matters Economic, which are so vital tothe welfare and happiness of ourentire social, educational, religiousand physical life; both at home andthroughout the whole of our gloriousland.Faithfully and Sincerely yours,E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris.oMAYOR SAYS TEACHERS ANDNURSES WRONGi,-u j. posed of 21 boys"1UlU VX1J ; -J fy-trH-V, tVlDlVCUU1DIJCU W1LU UltllAll but five areinstruments.JThe list is as follows: Clarionet'Leslie O'Neill, Russell Lenov, Ceo.Browner, Wm. Wilson; CornetsA. F. Swearengen, Leslie Smith.Jas Collier, Will Moore Lair- AltosNorbert Friedman, Robt. McCarty.Homer Wilson, Harry Baldwin;Trombones Thos. Spicerv BlantonCollier; Baritone, Ferdinand Nagle;Saxaphone Wm. Lytle; Tuba Harmon Taylor, Kemper Kenton; DrumsHome Stone, Snare, Sol Feld,Snare, Bobt. McNamara. Bass,The Busy Bee Bargain HouseProp.Fred Weckesser,(jan7-8t)GE0RIGOING FAST AT HAIF PRICEThe bargains at Simon's Big Saleare going fast. Only a short timeleft to take advantage of them. Goin to-day. (it)GE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERSuccessor toGEORGE W. DAVISDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137.pNight299 ::'!"M"M"I"I"I"!"''I"M"I"t'-'Mi'''''I'f'H'tlTJOE B. SMITHCANDIDATE FORGOUNTY TAX COMMISSIONERWITHFRANK COLLINS AS DEPUTY&SUBJECT TO DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY, AUG, 2, 1921,YOUR SUPPORT AND INFLUENCE SOLICITED.Financial Statement of The W. W. MassieMemorial Hospital, Year 1920V" RECEIPTS .- ''Z ""Amount Collected by Superintendent.$22,087.93Received From City Taxes 3,262.96County Appropriation 4,125.00Southern Pacific Railroad Dividend. 60.00"Refund 32.23m EXPENSESPayments by Superintendent $15,531.64Payments by Treasurer 16,091.64-ye a ' " Deficit. . ..V $29,568.1231,623.28.$ 2,055.16AT ' THE W. W. MASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL,By H. B. Fithian, Secretary-Treasurer.Taris, ly.f January 14, 1921. j , ) j' Visiting nurses, teachers and probation officers are all bosh let tbemothers do their own nursing. Donot bother them.This is the substance of MayorJohn F. Hylan's comment in NewYork on the appeal of a Miss Donaldson, representing the AmericanRed Cross to the board of estimatefor approval of an appropriationfor the salaries of teachers of homenursing."It seems to me," said the Mayor,"that you people aie deluding yourselves with the idea that the mothersof to-day don't know anything aboutbringing up babies. Where I camefrom anybody who called to instrucra (mother to care for her baby wouldhave been promptly put out of thehouse."At the rate we are going, themothers of New York City must bekept busy answering the doorbellrung by ihe succession of visitingteachers, visiting nurses, home nursing teachers, probation officers andall sorts of persons who are makingit their business to visit the home totell parents how to bring up theirchildren.". oCL0SIMG0UTEntire Stock ofiCJ? C3-c3--L-i13On account of ill health I have decidedto retire from active business, and offerfor sale my entire stock of the best coalever brought to Paris' This coal can't bebeat for cooking purposes. Come early,before the lot is sold.W. . DODSONiTEACHER SURPLUS REPORTEDKentucky novv- has a surplus ofschool teachers, according to statements of Superintendent of PublicInstruction George Colvin made in areview of the school situation inKentucky. The State was reported tobe short 2,250 teachers in 1919, hesaid. The present surplus is placedat 200.The increase in the number ofteachers available for Kentuckyschools is due, according to theSuperintendent, to the fact that salaries were increased last year almost100 per cent. He said that prior to1920 many teachers were reportedto be receiving not more than ?35 amonth, while county superintendentreceived as low as 50 a month,making it impossible to obtain qualified men and women for the positions.More than 1,000 schools were reported to be, idle during 1919, hesaid, while 1,000 were taught onlypart of the'' time and 1,000 taught by"emergency' teachers. This, he -said,lias been, corrected.mfffMiMmw,i pPRE-INVENT0RY SALEMen's and Young Men'sSHITS4.As a final clean up of our stocks before taking invoice .wehave reduced prices on our Men's and Youug Men's Suitsthat will make your dollars do almost double duty. TheseSuits are all dependable merchandise, being from thehouses of Hart Schafner & Marx and Kirschbaum. EverySuit highly tailored it) good all wool fabrics in latest styles,new patterns and colorings. Note these prices, then comein and buy.$67.50 Suite cut to $52.0065.00 Suits cut to 50.0062.50 Suits cut to 48.0060.00 Suits cut to 46.00'57.50 Suits cut to 44.0055.00 Suits -cut to 42.0052.50Suits cut to 40.0050.00 Suits cut to 38.0047.50 Suits cut to 36.0045.00 Suits cut to 34.0042.50 Suits cut to , 32.00$40.00 Suits cut to.1 37.50 Suits cut to.35.00 Suits cut to.32.50 Suits cut to,30.00 Suits cut to,27.50 Suits cut to,25.00 Suits cut to,$30.0028.0025.0024.00. 24.00. 22.5020.0022.50 Suits cut to 18.00200 Suits cut to J 6.0018.00 Suits cut to .... 14.4015.00 Suits cut to 12.00Cash.No ApprovalsWe are Also Making Remarkable Reductions on Our EntireOvercoat Stock. Splendid Values, $12.50 to $55.00R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.i I wc Mf ill 1MB M iw m iwi in in iwB iwii iwf in IMjJmUWmJnW TT 11-BLImLIBK-BJBLBWiM-W.M.M.W-K.BLJKJWm-WJ;?rA- Vs4rISTUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1921THE BOURDON NBUB, PARIS, KENTUCTLY"lv-rel;sFOR THE SESTNOTHING ELSEAfflffi BBOKENSOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.J. Williams has revisit to frienas am?- a stalled a'ltoMrs. JoLnturned from alclaiives in Richmond.Larl lewis, of Covington,purest ai tne noma of MrWhile crankin& v5alu Wilson, -Dick, in North Middletown.truck on Scott aveuue, - - ! Mr ar-d Mrs t.pppvr.olnrpd foimerly in. the employBaldwin Bros., suffered a brokenarm -when 'the machine "backfired."He was removed to his home andgiven niedical attention.oAGENTS WANTEDAgents to sell line of hosiery di-- (nnm mill rt ncsiiTnPr SSrninrlICUl livm mm iw vuiuiumi.i Mw.uu , -- --- --nronosiiion affording steady income , this city.fe aNellieLacev Cla.rlr nfLexSton former residents c rijTwere recent visitors in this citjMrs. Thomas A McDonald andMrs. Nettie Hibler were guests Jastweek of Mrs. Lucy Starks, in Midway. Mrs. Mattie Howard has leturned to her home in Georgetown, aftera visit to friends and reLit-vn? into right party. Opportunity for bothsexes. Write for particulars.HERCULES HOSIERY MILLS,3213 Frankfort Ave., Philadelphia,Penn.oPARIS SECKUIT FOE, ABMYParis, enlisi-Miss Edna Kale has returned toher home in North Middletown after a visit to Mrs. N. C.Day, inWinchester.Mis. Harry Myers and daughter,of Covington, are visiting Mrs.Myers' parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. D.Bentley, near Paris.Miss Callie Gay, of near Northing station, iteuerr is a iorraei- service man. He has been assigned tothe Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, nowstationed in the Canal Zone in Panama. oSOME W01TDERFUL VALUES.Lois of real, sure enough valuesare being offered at our closing-nutsale. Everything at 50 off. Lotsof articles at less. The stock mustbe sold.SIMON'S DEPARTMENT STORE.Antnief T71 "Dnfffttf roa c,irv in rho tt s. arniv s r-1 Middletown, has gone to Florida tovice at the Lexington" army r'.-cruit- ST1. n th remainder of the winterwiiu Aiiciiuss uiiu rejauvra.Snmrp George K. Redmon hasreturned from a v'sit to his da'ightora, Mrs. Talbott Evans and Mrs. A.B. Barclay, in Georgetown.Miss Sue Boardman, student atthe University of Kentucky, who hasbeen ill at her home in Little Rock,.has returned to her classes.Mrs. John M. Stuart has returned from Indianapolis, wLere she visited her mother, who was seriouslyill, but is now much improved.Miss Stella Stephenson, of theParis High School faculty, spent theweek-end with her parents, Mr. andMrs. Chas. B. Stephens, in Mt. Sterling. Miss Louisa Connell, student afthe University of Kentucky, spentthe week-end in Paris as guest of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. John J. Connell. Jesse Owens, who has been engaged in clerical work for a big coalmining company near Hazard, hasreturned to Paris, the mines havingclosed down temporarily.Prof. Edwin Sf.xon, of Transylvania College, Lexington, was inParis, Saturday, superintending a rehearsal of the play to be be givensoon by the Senior Class of the ParisHigh School.STATIONS TO REOPEKAnnouncement that the gasolinoand oil refilling stations of the Western Petroleum Company, which havebeen idle tince December 31, wouldreopen ""as soon as conditions- permit" was made by officials of theCompany, Saturday. Since businesswas suspended by the stations at various points in the State, they have"been offered to various oil concerns,but no satisfactory bid was made, itwas stated.The company is involved in no litigation. "Financial conditions" werementioned as the reasons why thestations closed.-oMAILING OP INCOME TAX POEMSDELAYEDA circular letter from Washington to the Internal Revenue officialsat Louisville, a copy of which wassent to the press for publicity purposes, states that the sending, out ofincome tax forms for incomes of lessthan $5,000, a job requiring thedistribution of more than 5?000,00Ocopies, has been delayed. It was expected to begin mailing them yesterday. Treasurv officials said, butthey would probably not be ready .before January 25, leaving fortyrthreedays ior filling out and filing., rSHORT TIME LEFT.Better get in on those bargains atHarry Siimon's before it's too late.Everything at half-price and below.!Go in to-day. (It)Motion Picture ActingWe show you how to get into themovies. Fame and fortune maj heyours in this fascinating and profitable profession. Send 10c forlesciiptive booklet. Write to-day.UNIVERSAL MOTION PICTURE INSTITUTE.Suite 66-A, 158 West 45th St., New-York City. (it)Salesmen WantedTb solicit ordeis for lubricatingoils, greases and paints. Salary orcommission. AddressLINCOLN OIL CO.,(It) Cleveland, 0LAST CHANCEThe last chance at those wonder"ful bargains at Simon's Clcsing-OutiSale is drawing near. Everythingat half-price or lower. (It)o -PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday. January 13Wanda Hawley, in "Her Beloved Villian;" William Duncan and EdithJohnson, in first episode of new serial, "Fighting Fate;" Paths Nexvs.To-morrow, Wednesday, January19 Sessue Hayakawa, in "An Arabian Knight;" Bringing Up FatherComedv, "Jiggs and the SocialLion;" Topics oT The Day.Thursday, January 20 William S.Hart, in "The Toll Gate;" Ruth Roland, in seiial, "Ruth of The Rockies;"' Pathe News.Gregg's Orchestra plays afteroonand evening.HFTYPER CENT. AND MOREOPP AIL GOODS.Everything reduced fifty per cent,and more, at Simon's Closmg-OutSale. (lt;. . oPARIS STARS IN LEXINGTONBASKET BALLTwo P. H. S. graduates. BasilHayden and Robert Lavin are winning high honors as basketeers onthe University of Kentucky team.In the write-up of the recent gameat Lexington between the University?eam and the Cumberland Collegesquad. The Herald says:.. "ejS : r " Th. court and trespass'jt. He piajw ttli ... 7";vow mp bor. Among otner lumga m.as at the end of nearly. h 'e ! ery interesting opinion delivered iof the passing combinations, thro Jyinsr field, goais i-i a, .,....SofnSs one less than half the totalKentucky score. He made severaSmaSle shots and mirsed sevendmore tries when it seemed he had aSncLof it Hayden showed upSily tlie best individual player ofth " TtoW Lavin hauled down Wsusual share of the glory, witn bi 11Uant guarding and passing. Lavmplayed a great game and had severalchances to piafce Himself the hero ofthe mixup by footing goasutmnearly every instance he founa someone else in a little better positionthan he to make the score.The following from Paris attended the funeral and burial of T.J. Bradley, in Winchester last week:Matt Bedford, Mr. and Mrs. StantonRum,mans. Mr. and Mrs. Wm. R.Tuttle, Miss Elizabeth Tuttle.Mrs. Ella Crosdale, formerly ofPavis, who has been a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity for three months, following anoperation for stomach trouble, has"been removed to her home at Tattrsall's Inn, on South Broadway, inLexington.Sherman H. Stivers, patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, wzsreported yesterday as being somewhat improved. Lewis Hixon, agedcarnenter, also a patient in the institution, is able to be and about hiroom. Other patients in the Hosital are doing well.The second dace of the class of1923, University of Kentucky, willbe given in Buell Armory on thecampus Saturday evening, January29. The sophomores are makingelaborate preparations for the affair,which promises to be one of the mostdelightful of the school year.(Other Personals on Page 3)OWNER LIABLE P0R DAMAGEBY CHICKENSFor the first time in the historyof Kentucky, the Court of Appeals,jr. tv recent case of Adams Bros.tb. Clark, declared the chicken lawof the State. The court horns insubstance that the owner of trespassing chickens is liable for damages done by the.ni, and that it isthe duty, under the law, of evrjowner to take care of his or herchi2kens and prevent them fromand damaging a neign-bor. Among other tnings m iuno- nninion delivered inTr ic t'no. natural propensity, ordomestic fows to rove, and doing soto wholly disregard property linesand even fences. This propensity iswell known to all owners, and when,or. rt-umm- with this knowledge al-fill U1H1V1 "lows his fowls to run at jarge to theinjury of his neignoors, uewrong-doer and is liable fortennCQ fVPn VO. Wie aDSBllUstatute or ordinance to thatTnnAT. HTTAPTF.R D. OP C TOP0RMERpyT?TSTA?TBUSINESSIN SHOWandwithThe Richmond Register has the.iivnrfnfr rnncerniiis a former Paris-mnr, who married a Paris girl,nf n Winchester boy, popular"News cqmes Horn Flemingsbur?that the Legion Minstrels thereproved a great success. Gov. Boven.Sed by Percy Held, of Wd;had charge of the minstrel perfromSee and it is said tc .have , beenone?"L8iS 5t. 'on fdrDoys anywjicic no.. v. .jRowen's management."A great feature of the show ofcourse, was the singing of Mr Bern,vho is almost in a class by uimsolf,few Ug-time artists anvwhere beihis equal in stae work Mr. Reulwill -o to the South to nanolc several ?hows under Bowen's management and after that to Geneva. New?or His many friends hero aremuch pleased to know that his firstSbow since joining the Bowen oranization has gone 'so big and theyare predicting muct -success fornim3n thi line."is atheof aeffect "CELEBRATE BIRTHDAYSRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughtersof the Confederacy, is perfecting arrangements for a joint celebration ofthe birthdJ.vs of General Robert E.Lee and General Stonewall Jackson,on 'Friday, January 21. The celebration will be observed with an appropriate program, in the court house,St 2-30 p. m., Friday , General Lee 3birthday te January 19 and GeneralStonewall Jackson's on January 21,so it was decided to maka tbe celebration a joint one on the date named All members of the John H.Morgan Cimp, United ConfederateVeTeSns. and the mqmbers of theirfamilies are invited and expected tofamilies d A fuI1 attendance of tbn membership of the D. ofC is also asked for this occasion. Atthe conclusion of the program a social hour will be observed and refreshments seived.The South African tree snake, lengregarded as harmless, has beenfound to possess a highly activevenom.- oIn the garden cultivated by Sami,p! rcrah;.m. of Chester, Pa., is aItomato nlaait -which has 108 welldeveloped tomiwee,For SaleGarage, centrally located. An excellent chance for the right person.For terms, apply toDICKERSON & SON,706 Main Street,(8-3t) Paris, Ky.Final NoticeAll accounts past due and not paidby the last day of January, will beturned over to my attorney for collection. (18-lt) J. E. ELVOVE.For SaleOne 1918 model Lexington Sedan,?950.00.One 1918 model Oveland Runabout, $750.00.Good tires; mechanical conditionexcellent, and look like new.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(18-tf)NoticeAll share-holders of the ColumbiaOil and Gas Company are requestedto meet at the Court House at 10o'clock a. m., Saturday, January 22.A proposition of interest to all parties concerned will be discussed.(18-2t) WYATT THOMPSON.For SaleOne lot of .i3cond-hand lumber forsale. Apply to(It) THE FAIR.For SaleThoroughbredRoosters. Coil135.Plymouth RockCumberland Phone(18-2t)LostBrindle Boston Terrior Pup, 6months old. Reward. Return .toMRS. KATHERINE DAVIS CRAIG.(18-2t)The greatestreductions evermade in hight ' grade shirtsare here.ManhattanShirts nowHalf price.The $5 gradenow $2.50.The $6 gradenow $3.The $7 gradenow $3.50.AlFbright,new, freshpatterns.Ife&lflMfflllMMflMPAGXKip 1kvmmMvmgiilf III! I US I$3.50 Munsing UnionSuits$3.00 Hanes'SuitsUn!ionm $2.75 Setsnug UnionSuitsS2.45$1.99$1.75$1.75 Work Shirtsat$1.50 Fleece-Lined Shirtsand DrawersBest Grade OverallsatGet Under One of Our $5.00 MatsBut Pay Only$2.75Biggest Values in the WorldExpresses Our Reductions OnMen's and Bovs' SuitsOvercoats and ShoesThese Prices Strictly Cash. Don't Let This Opportunity Get By.LEWIS WOLLSTEII?, Twin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home" Call Our Store "Home"an118195c IQE.I1 " 93k$1,9518 9iiWSTSTAflBVIrHfar.I lVV0WE BELIEVEWE CAN SELL YOU4Furniture, Im, MattingsLinoleums, Wall Paper and DraperiesIf it comesfrom Decvisit is ridhtcheaper RIGHT NOW than we can any other timethis year. We are making reductions that the factories are not thinking of making. If you want to savemone), come to us, and come NOW. These greatlyreduced prices are forSTRICTLY CASHIf we don't sell you goods cheaper than you canbuy them ANYWHERE we do not expect to sell youat all.THEJ.T.HINT0JVC0,EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINBuy Columbia Graf onolas and Recordstjp3.v&fit!4" , 1 i- j. ;r"'MK i ;, 'r STHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTU1BDAT, JANUARY IS, 11JfET FEET BRING COUGHS AND GOLDSUntil entirely rid of a cough or cold, look oat They are a source Of flantdJJm& a few doses of Pe-ru-nalakes soon after exposure orQlittually break a cold hi in a hurry tne aaoet; cough.TABLETS OR LIQUIDPE-RU-NATkM Khwi EiirnKiItwiJTwo generations have knownBE-KTJ-NA and its astonishipg success in the relief ofcatarrhal diseasfw. The proper medicine to have cm mbfor everyday lis.SOLD EVERYWHERES KEEP IT IN THE HOUSE TQ HE&P ITS ALOWK " If U wasn't so foolish as to belunny Tre,d actually lose patienct"with the- man who turns m an adfor the paper" with the announce- jmerit that he is giving it to us "justto hPlp u along." And yet everynow and then u run across the fellow who h:is not learned th.it advertising is tbe best protevriou he can3iave aeair.pt failure in businessTf advertising: only helped thslpublishers then AuiC)4cau finer-chants are the most cnaritabie p'jtolars annually they could keep intheir pocket otherwise.The day when the old question"does U pay to advertise?" wassprung has pa'j&Pd with tlio st:gecoach and live-cent sugar. To-daythe sensible man asks himself, "doesit pay not to advertise in eveiyissue of the piper that goes to tliypeople upon whom I must depend Tortrade?"X-BAY DENTISTRYThe up-to-dato deniisf now-a-daysmakr-s an X-ray picture ot eveiIS NEVER SEENTHE JQUAL OF ITDanville Man Tells of Wife's Wonderful Recovery Since Tak-?. ,' - anlacSOME GOVERNMENT POSITIONSOPEN. DESPITE SEDUCTIONSDespite the reduction of employesunder the Civil Service Commission,the department is still seeking applicarts for some positions, it is announced in a statement issued bythe Civil Service Commission atWashington.Before the war employes on thepay roll of the commission numbered 450,000, but during the war thenumber was doubled. At present reductions in the force have brought!the number of emrTnves to 630,000.)s bm Ttl(J reduct'on, according to the com-"Wfiii eii t i,n,r, , ,., mission, wll continue and may be,pp, wejli s . I Jave never in my life expected for some 7imeIZ rSteS d v ewJi TnY T though the force is gtPadily be-evervthinf Mh? th ing induced the commission declar-everythmg else had failed," said R. Pf( hnwcvrr 11nr it . TiPPrte nnrB. Taylcr, of 129 East Stokes St. ed ftoyvcr t,lt 2 A an-Danville, Va. earns ror certain nrancnus oi work,its aumts appointments remaiu unfilled. Examinations will continueand announcement of these will bemade at regular intervals.TTie Sturdy Food ValuesISfAt tne time my wife began taking Tanlac," saidMr. Taylor, "shewas almost past going. Fit threemonths she had been unable to eator sleep to do a-ny good and was soweak and nervous she felt miserableall the lime. Her muscles ach1',constantly, she could hardlvfrom one room to another rf tjtfeet turned like fire. M" .Jh aot up and Bat haire!cause she couln.t sleep NotllingPn a -na sne hecame very lowspiritea ane I was completely a', aloss Vhat to do.'But the turning point came when- n iy.M nn 3k i"nr ti li'iiii'u r-r r i i i -pie on earth, for th.y maintain " Ur.tpiv' whir.h mav Asa f ot neF a bottle of Tanlac, for sheers and maza- "-"" 1 T ,.,' , irt. ?rt improved, right from the start. Shethausands of newspaper;zines and let loose of millions of doi-SWEAR OFFTOBACCO"No-To-Bac" has helped thousandsio break the costly, nerve-shattering jtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigaiette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be completely brcken, and you are betteroff mentally, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. Gret i box ofiNo-To-Bac and if ;t doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question.treatment Nutlrr.g is left lo eaancoIf you hava a toothache he willplace a smi.ll photographic plate, sayan inch square, inside your Jmouthhack of the troublesome tooth. Til--1X-ray machine is then turned on fura second or so and the plate is removed arid developed. It will befoond to contain an exact life-sizephotograph of the tooth, which vlllshov. exactly what is sroing on iiside. Willi this photograph beforehim Hie dentist will taw exactlywhat he ic doing and is nbe to getat the trouble without giviag you aj single unnecessary jab.ohas now taken three bottles, is,strong and well, has gained severalpounds in weight, is in fine spiritsand never complains of an .iche ora pain. Actually she looks betterand says she feels better than overbefore in her life. There is nothingtoo good for us to say about Tanlac." Tanlac is sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy." (adv)oTHIS MAN HAS NO "KACE SUICIDE.6rchid More wn Beautiful.There are more than 12,000 varieties of orchids, and no man has acomplete collection. While orchidsare known most generally for theirrare beauty of coloring and form, theyare also widely known t6 chemists asa basis for several forms of sedatives,and the extracts from 'drie 6'f the mostbeautiful varieties is 'ts&d to cure oneof the most ugly o'f human ailments,epilepsy.if"Cold In the Head"II la acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in the1M&&" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the inflammation andTWtoring normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.Coupling Pin Grave.Marking the disappearance of thecoupling pin and link from use in railroading, a sentimental flagman, whohas spent over 37 years in active service, heaped a mound of cinders besidethe tracks in the freight yards of theP. R. R. in Chicago, and placed thereon two coupling pins with a link asmementos of a strenuous past.Rheumatism or Neuritis,VJ UvliRub away all pain, stiffness, sore-,ness, baefcacne, witn iyuntul. k-lieves like magic all aches and pains.Don't suffer huy a small jar of Mintol from your druggist at once.(adv)oChristianity was first introducedinto China by the Nestorian PriestAlopen in G35 A. X).IT CAN BEDYED OR CLEANED-That last year's suitor dress can be made to appear like a New One.Send Via Parcel Post.SWISS CLEANERS & DYERS909 6th Street (incorporated) Louisville, Ky.In response to the inquiry of many telephonesubscribers: "What can I do to help my servIcej" this advertisement is published.-J"What Can I Do toHelp My Service?"Hundreds of telephoneSubscribers have recentlyyisited our central officesand observed for themselves the conditionsand environments that surround telephoneoperating.In almost every instance the visit Hasbeen the occasion of surprise that such intricate work is so well done.Invariably the visitors have aslceci-:fm "What can I cio to help the operators iij:r tfieir effort to improve my service.'Since wide publicity was given tothe fact that Reuben Bland', Robcitsonville, Beaufort County, S. C, wasthe T)roud father of thirty-four children, he and Mrs. Bland have beendeluged with letters from persons allover the United Stales and Canada.The letters are from both womenand men. A jman in Ohio wrote:"I read the story about your largefamily aloud to my wife. 'Theie's aman who ought to be given a medalI told her. 'There's a man whoought to be hanged,' she retorted."A writer in Oregon sent this:"Reuben, Reuben, I am thinking,You are quite a nifty man,To your health I am drinking,You have done what few men can"From Navarre, Ohio, Mr. Blandreceived this:"I'm the father of eight childrenand I have an a-wful time keepingthem in food and clothing. I'vewonied a lot, but since readingabout your big fairily, I realize thatI'm a lucky guy."MOTHER!"California Syrup of Figs"Child's Best LaxativeAccept "California" Syrup ofPigs only look for the name Callfornia on the package, then you aresure your child is having the bestand most haimless physic for thelittle stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its fruity taste. Fulldirections on each bottle. Youmust say "California."(adv-T-tf)WE WONDER1" In answer "to this inquiry anci in appreciation of this spirit of helpfulness, we shallpublish a series of advertisements tellingfew of th simnlfc wavs in whirh" vmi snrlw- Jpther telephone users can help the service.I CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEp - Iv. lAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYImcorporatedWe are great believers in the influence of one's surroundings. Wehave read with the liveliest interestDarwin's studies in protective limitation and other kindred matters andwe are well aware how true it isthat a man may be known by thecompany he keeps.Right now a test of that theory isbv wav of being tried out hereamong ourselves. As we write chime&of ohe church, out in oui imirediateneighborhood are admonishingus of the day and reminding is that,by the tuning of one discordant note,they could be mad- greatly (more endurable. They invire us to thiow outthe life line. Pretty soon we aregoing to need it. A church is incourse of erection within an alley'sbreadth of our windows. Will itsinfluence imperceptibly, but irresistibly, pervade us? When it shuts om.our light and bathes us in reflectedheat will we rise up and call itblessed? We wonder!9The Wise Parent.He who is taught to live upon a little owes more to his father's w'sdomthan he that has a great deal left himdoes to- his father's care. WilliamPenn.oReading;The reading-which hasplcased, will'please when repeated ten times.Spectacled Bear Rare.A mounted "spectacled bear" fromVenezuela has been placed on exhibition in the American Museum ofNatural History in New York city.The animal doesn't really wear spectacles. It derives its name from thegrayish-white markings rimming theeyes. It is one of the rarest speciesof bears known to exist and the onlybear "found in South America.tUv.i2pv.w & o r -,. .,.- "..;av.LJ $.mxR.6LA3Z&&J'hfv? ,?3C3i$xr&uy ft tfKrtw wLJf iLJLJra. A hi Ui,"3VWhen the body bepns to atiSe;and movement becomes painful iis usually an indication that thekidneys are out of order. Keepthese organs healthy Ly tatingAWk2&ttJK3m t-mmof wheat and malted barleyare combined inCiransMi ias in no other prepared cereal foodIts rich, nutlike fWdr attractsand its nourishing qualities, are'staunch, Uhlike most preparedcereals, GrapeNuts needs noadded sweeteningt Sold by grocers everywhereMade by Postum Cereal Co.Jnc:rBattle Creek,Mich.0vygjiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinniiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiHiimWilliam K. Hagan (tmonArchitects 5 Engineer..riZST NATIONAL BAK PABU. Ky.IIIIIIinillllllllllllllllllllllllllllinilllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllintfW Vh &EmTlEWteW Si&TThe world's standard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.Famous since 1696. Take regularly andkeep in good health. In three sizes, alldruggists. Guaranteed as represented.Lock for tbo rcimo Gold Medal on every hoy.OEt5 ciccapS go inutetioaWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make" IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents;No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKY7 t;3BUICKvLmblntiofSatufachax(9bnbkmcfSa&faamT'HE importance of a business man's afiairs demandsthat his car be absolutely trustworthy. That is why Buick isa favorite among business men.The new Buick NineteenTwenty One models, powerfuland comfortable, are as beautiful as they are efficient.There is Authorized BuickService, too, wherever you go.Effective January 1 regularequipment on all modelswill include cord tiresis 4mn aif sO sOU IUI I k" I "; y ' W iov a1 mKSff S Hi '4i1IThe C. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.' . .WHEN BETJER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL JBUILD THEMwHorace.-if-.'!-r tfUESfciLY, AKUAHY IS, 1S21" iTHfc BOUItBON NKWS, PAMB, MafTTOgt - . p'ljj Wlfif IjrYouCan'tLose-we takethe risk"RUY a bottle of Re33 Cu-Ma. Try it forfour days. If it helpsyou the benefits youreceive will be priceless. If it doesn't helpyou return the bottleand get back every centyou paid for Re-Cu-Ma.This offer is open toanyone. It has alreadybeen accepted by thousands. For sale byBrooks & Snappand all good druggistsL TRADE AARKThe Phenomenal Remedy'-for the stomachfor the bowelsfor the liverand kidneysNICHOLAS COUNTY MAN RECOVERS STOLEN AUTO.Patrolman Robert Lusk arrestee1Everette Muse, who lives betweenMillprsburg- and Cai lisle, on thecharge of taking an automobile belonging to William Gaunce, a tenant on the farm of Mrs. RudolphDavis, of Paris. Muse, it is said,confessed to the charge, and is alleged to have implicated his brother,William Muse, wiio was later arreted at Plemingsburg. The car wastaken one day, last week, and driven10 Cincinnati, where it is said tohave been abandoned. Nicholascounty officials will take Muse backto Carlisle for trial.The Carlisle Mercury say3: "Themachine belonged tov Victor Gaunce.a tenant on the Bell farm owned byMrs. Rudolph Davis, of Paris. Mr.Gaunce made complaint to the authorities here of the theft of his machine. He went to Cincinnati, Wed-- . u"i n n mm m m ' iMMPHUH ANUAMONG HOUSEHOLD GOODSThat liquor is a personal possession of great value and importance,ranking with diamonds or otherprecious jewels, h&s been officiallydecreed. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue at Washington hapdecided that when a person movesihis home he may move his liquor.He imay take it from one part of thecountry to another, without let orhindrance and regardless of interstate or other commerce rules, andwithout other household goods orbaggage, if he desires.Thus one's booze is, by the strokeof an official pen, legally recognizedas the most valuable of all one'slares and ponates. The possessionby a traveler of a well-lined suitcasewill not, therefore, necessarily beoccasion for embarrassment andnesday morning to bring the ma- I probable prison. His plea that he ischine back. The young men accused t,ut moving his valuables to anotherof stealing the machine had been domicile will be as good as gold;XESES" tbm r's T to-,thT s oneJs:4-: ;4a ,, ,r ,ni i,Q home, it maybe said. And ones111 lllllllimi III III jl II. I Ill-TV IV 11X1X3 -X,..K.V,... J, - -, - --- - , .HiiiiMfiiiiniiiinuMiiiiimimniiiiimninreturned to this city for trial aboutthe hst of the week."oChickens With Phthisis.Two French scientists contend that10 per cent of the chickens in thatcountry have tuberculosis and that thedisease runs as high as 2S per cent Iamong poultry in some other countries.hon:e is inviolate or was before thedays of over-zealous dry advocatesJ who, however good their intentions,may .yet jmake the prohibition lawridiculous by goinjr to extremes.Belgian Women Have 'Small TtbThe women of Belgiumas a class ai5noted for the smallness of their feetWITCHHAZEL HELPWEAK EYESParis people are astonished at thequick results produced by simplewitchhazel, camphor, hydrastis, etc.,as mixed in Lavoptik eye wash. Inone case of weak and near-sightedeyes a few days use brought great!improvement. In another case itstopped eye pains and inflamjmation.We guarantee af small bottle of Lavoptik to help ANY CASE weak,trained or inflamed eyes. Aluminumeye cup FREE.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.(adv)oI PROTECT YOUR HOME!"Between Devil and Deep Sea."The phrase "Between the devil andthe deep sea" has probably no reference to the ancient fighting betweenthe Picts and the Britons, though undoubtedly it has long been in use inScotland. Its origin would appear tobe lost in obscurity, though possibly itmay have some reference to the NewTestament story of the swine of Ga-dara.iand safeguard your family andvaluables by installing theHome TelephoneInstant communication with Fire andPolice Departments and 1,000 other telephones in Paris and Bourbon county.Call our Contract Department today.Local and Long Distance Service zParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedWE mtiimiteOi4 1 1 1 1 I ! if ! I i I I-I"l"H"i"I'"I"!"I"I"i"I"t''H"I"I"I"I"I"l'l'i"i' 'M"H4i'lMMiil..M..l..M.tMiil..Hi.ii.H..i. M 1 i ! W jM'H'M 1 II I HI 1 1 1 U U HUCK NOT AT ALLPP4pPPSome folks den't lick postastamps because they taste likeHades and others because theyhave heard that there's germs on'em. But most people in their hastegive them a lick and let it go atihatThe Medical Times put two investigators at work on the subjectsome months agn and their reportis ju&t out- They obtained stampsfrom fifty different places, mostlybusiness offices. Some were keptexposed on desks, some in boxes indesk drawers, and some were carefully locked in cah registers. Nomatter, the degree of exposure didn'tcount. In every case the gum onthe backs contained deadly diseasegerms.The investigators found the baciliof typhoid, diphtheria, pneumonia,skin diseases and blood diseases.Not a few, but many on the back ofevery stamp. In twenty cases thecolonies of germs were too numerous to count.Of course, as the Medical Timespoints out, if these germs were virulent to everybody, great epidemicswould result, so widespread is thepractice of licking stamps. Nevertheless, it is probable thai many people have been stricken in this waywho were physically in a conditionto be receptive to the disease bacilli.Few know whether they arc in suclicondition, hence it is just as wellto moisten the stamps some otherway than with the well-knowntongue.-oMR. OR MRS. IDYSPEPTIC JGetrid of Indigestion and jStomach Worries with'Pape's Diapepsin""iiii....,............. '-"Really does" put wenk, disordered stomachs in ordc-r "really aoe&ivcrcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas,lieartburn and sourness due to acidfermentation, that just that, makesPape's Diapepsin the largest sellingstomach antacid rnd regulator inthe world. If whst you oat fermentsand turns sour, you belch gas andeructate undigested food or, water;head is dizzy and aches; breath foul;tongue coated, rejineniber tb.e moment "Pape's Diapepsin" comes incontact wih the stomach all suchdistress vanishes. It's truly astonishing almost marvelous, and thejoy is its harmlessness. A box oiPape's Diapepsin tablets costs so little at drug stores, too.oRisky. .One disadvantage in marrying a richgirl, fellows, is that if she happens todie in any way out of the ordinaryyou have so many embarrassing questions to answer. Columbus Dispatch.'Cloves Once Used at Money.In the Molucca islands cloves wertonce used as money and at a muchlater date bitter almonds wereused la some parts of India.?feiiiiiiiiiilli I! IBS 111 JKilu Siiiiil .&! " ui 3i 3 Tb d sotSSA vast opportunity awaits you in this January Sale. Prices on all merchandise on our floors have been ruinously reduced. You arenow able to furnish your home at a fraction of the" former cost. This sale comprises complete suites of overstuffed furniture, cane suites,bedroom and dining room suites, as well as many individual pieces. Rugs and linoleums, curtains and draperies have also been reduced in price below today's wholesale cost It wilLp&y you to investigate the money-saving possibilities of this sale. Act at once.YOU NEVER SAW SUCH BARGAINS!Your Choice For $30.00Genuine Cedar Chest Living Room Suite, a$22.00 $320.00Value atHere's your opportunity to fill that vacant spot inyour living room at a minimum in cost, with as handsomea chair or rocker as you have ever seen. Finished inmahogany and upholstered in a rich velour or tapestry.Your Choice $30.00A Regal Suite, 10 Beautiful PiecesHere's a chest of genuine redcedar that you should have inyour home. Beautifully finished and a real bargain atthe price we quote. Be sureto see it.3 jSnupv NHT Hk 1 J ' k Kr . azz& --i jj g- Uj yRugsTo see this dainty living room suite is to want it.Beautifully designed along the most modern lines, itpossesses a charm and individuality all its own. Consists of three pieces; a real value at the price we quote.Four Pieces! Just Think Of It!pppa4pFgF s.tsscss icsszlsn IIf its quality you want combined with beauty, lookat this unique dining room suite. It consists of tenpieces designed in the famous Italian Renaissance period.Large table, china cabinet with plate glass doors andpanels, long buffet, server, one arm chair and five plainchairs.As fine an assortment of goodrugs as you ever saw are assembled on our floors for yourinspection. All are marked atprices way under to-day'smarket. Be sure to see them.You can hardly realize that after years of high costsit could be possible to offer a suite of this character forso low a price as we are quoting. Has large dresser,roomy chifforobe, double, bow end bed, and triple mirrored vanity dresser.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company JOpposite Court House CH AS. GREEN, Manager , Paris, Kentucky :fty&SiriLifrUllllllimUttITT; " n....n...,...n.r,...f,.,n..miii;i 1 1 Mil I II 11 II 1 rfiliTItO&?PAGE B6BTvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTTJBOAY, JANUARY Mf in:p. iMKLE5AM BEGINS INCOME TAXCOLECTIOH, v- -RELIGIOUS.iff"Work has begua on, the collectionmt the income tat for the year 1920.jfcele Sam, through the Bureau ofInternal Revenue, is addressing to Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theSWKy person in the United States Paris Christian church, is conducting& fl,nn ww wo. .. f a religious revival in the Tirst-OT uw.w., , .u.u.1, l,lo JUU1 UV-L Jjteoosu for 1920?" The answer permits of no guesswork. Every single5Ksson -whose net income for -1920j3nus $1,000 or more and every marTied person whose net income was$X00 o more is required -to file a,atum under oath with the Collectorml Internal Revenue for the districr.Ss which he lives on or before MarchX5. 1921The penalty for failure is a fine&aot more than $1,000 and anadditional assessment of 25 per cent.the amount of tax due. For will2nl refusal to make a retui n the pen'a2ty is a fine of not more than 10,,f90 or not exceeding one year's imgsrlEonment, or both together withjke costs of prosecution. A similaragenalty is provided for making afalse or fraudulent return, togethersrith an additional assessment of 50Tper cent of the amount of taxrraded.The income a.c-applies to womenVis "well as pien. Husband and 'ifeaaust consider the income of bothylus that of minor dependent children, and if the total equals or exweeds $2,000 a return must be filed.A minor who has a net income inSis own ritrht of $1,000 or moreTfnist. file a separate return. To beallowed the $2,000 exemption a marked person must be living withSfcnsband or wife oil the last day ofTfie taxable year, December SI, 1920.divorcees, persons separated by :nu;nral agreement, widows and widowers, unless they aie. the sole support&f others living in the same household, in 'which case they are 'allowed&te $2,000 exemption granted theBead of a family, are entitled only$o $1,000 exemption.The normal tax rate for 1920 istie same as for 1919 4 per centn the first $4,000 of net incomeabove the exemption and 8 per centn the regaining net income. Thisapplies to every citizen and residentof-the United States. In addition toiite normal 'tax a f.urtax is imposedupon net income in excess of 5,000.Full instructions for making out3tetums are contained on the forms,copies of which may fce obtainedfrom Collectors of Internal Revenue,persons whose net income for 1920sras $5,000 or less should use Form3-840A. Those with incomes in exBess of $5,000 should use Fonin 1040.Revenue officers will visit everycounty in ihe United States to assisttaxpayers in making out their returns. The date o their arrivaland the location of their offices willhe announced by the press pjr mafbe ascertained upon inquiry at theoffices of collectors. This advisoryjKrvice is without cost to taxpayers.Christian church, at Logansport, Indiana.An all-day meeting was heldlast week by the ladies of the LittleRock Christian church. Lunch wasserved at the noon hour by the division leaders.The last meeting for the weekof prayer was held Friday afternoonwhen prayer meeting was held atthe home of Mrs. W. O. Hinton, forthe W. W. Society. At the close ofthe meeting ta was served.oMATRIMONIAL.CLENSEY LO WRYA marriage license was issuedFriday fiom the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to James C.Lowery, 47, and Miss Dorothy M.Clensey, 45, both of Little Rock,Bourbon county. They were married shortly after by County JudgeGeorge Balterton in his private officein the court house.Marriage licenses were issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Kelley Berry.21, and Miss Jessie A. Oder, 21, bothof near Hutchison, and Japies ThornDoty, and Miss Eleanor EstherDoty, 20, and Miss Eleanor EstherTarr, 18, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Layson Tair, of Mi;lersburg.The following announcementcards have been received in Paris byfriends and relatives of the bridegroom. "Mr. and Mr.i. John Elliott Vv'ilJiamson announce the mariage oftheir daughter, Katherine, to Mr.Harry Phelps Renick, on "Wednesday, the fifth of January, Paducah,Kentucky.' At Home, After thetwentieth of January, Winchester,Ky."AlsMOVIANDI(OPERA MOUSE II I , 12:00 to 5:30,7:00 to 1 0:30TODAY, TUESDAYWANDA HAWLEYIN'Her Beloved Villain'"Her BeloveU Villain" is Miss Hawley's latest picture! It shows her as a Vivacious French wife who sets out to punish her husband for a mild deception. Inthe punishing everybody concerned is enmeshed in a maze of complications thatcarries the plot in the brilliant maaner onealways expects of French farce. It's aRealart Picture.x ALSOWin. Duncan and Edith Johnsonin "FIGHTING FATE"and Pathe NewsTomorrow, WednesdaySessue HayakawaIN'An Arabian Knight'A noppy dream as colorful as Egypt,full of humorous and thrilling situations,and portrayed by an extraordinary cast ofscreen notables, headed by the masterdramatic actor as a playboy and archadventurer of the. East.AlsoBringing Up Father Comedy"Jiggs'and the Social Lion"and "Topics of the Day"THURSDAY AND FRIDAYJanuary 20th and21 stWM. S. HARTINaTHE TOLL GATEyjwhoA two-gun tale of an outlawfought on the- square.A border romance of hot passions andcold lead. Hart's greatest picture.IN ADDITION THURSDAYRuth Roland in "Ruth of the: Rockies" and Pathe NewsIN ADDITION FRIDAYAntonio Moreno in "The Veiled Mystery and Rohn Comedy TheSandmaneAdmission: widrln Gregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningDEATHS.At the Church of the Annunciation, in this city, Sunday morning,the pastor, Rev. Father Thoe. J.Coleman, announced the hanns ofmarriage for Miss Bessie Sweeney, ofnear Paris, and Patrick Bonneld. ayoung farmer of Brooksville, andJohn Welsh, of Centerville, and MissTeresa McDermott, of Louisville, formerly -)i Paris. The latter is a sister of Manager John McDermott, ofthe Postal Telegraph Co.'s lecaloffice, Mrs. J. P. Handley, of Louisville, and Fred McDenmott, of Texas.Miss Sweeney is a daughter of Mr3.M. C. Sweeney, of near Paris. Theweddings -will take place about :hofiirst of the coming month.. oODER EERRY.Miss Jessie A. Oder and JCellyBerry, both of the Hutchison vicinity secured marriage license in Pacis,Saturday, end "were man led Saturday afternoon at tne home of theofficiating minister, Rev. Dr. I. JSpencer, in Lexington.The bride is the beautiful daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Oder, and:nv Kfirioo-rrtrtm is t.hft eon of Mr. r.nd!4RN1NG FOREIGN LANGUAGES Mrs. R F. Berry. They mororedI from the bride's home, near Hutch-A woman from Texas with two j isori lo Lexington, for the wi-ddinjr.srpeks to snend in i-he National Cap- I The marriage was witnessed by MisJS devoted several hours dally totea M Oder , er o fto bnue.Studying .e French language andean Flgd rras one of the objects of hei ul? gutchis0Jl. The happy young coupleto Washington, and she knew that i are receiving the best wishes ofshe could drop into the Berlitz, j maliy friend for happiness and prosSchool of Languages and br-ish up perlty.Zr henems6 from "the short period I.J' &f personal contact she had obtained j VtartSol place last Wedfrora this wcrld-wide school, mi. m-gdayi . tlle parlors o the Sinto.xjl D. Berlitz founded the Washing- Hotei ;n Cincinnati. .The ct-vemonyfan Institution and he is now hack ras Witnessed by George K. Redmon,j -r...r iiTiiriro !- k(har nr rn iiiiiik mxu imiu- j. "-from war-swept r.uiun, : ;;- , ,. . .; ----. .nent several years m re:esiau- j nowaiu, ui uCux0uhis sciiooio iui w- "I John Green, formerly in busiress inmany cases nuniuexcu o Paris The groom was a wiuuei,-casualties of war." Mr. Berlitz re- his deceased wif5 being a daughterturns to America to find that there j of Morgan Ammerman, pprnment& an overwhelmingly demand among j tockman of Paris u?l?i'JV4 fr- Hip iudv of the for- The bride is a daughter of the latwuuullul0 " ,. .fj HoiiTi t -Redmon. farmerA vdbuiii&.u - ,nn ,.rGCinct. and a sisterrecommenaeii """""-' ' "-r,j HonHo wThe nineteen-months' old childof Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clark, forjmerly of Bourbon county, now ofShelby county, died of pneumonia.Burial in- Paris Cemetery to-day.Seivic??. at grave by Rev. Sharrard.juasiiEhinand Mis.widow ofWASSON.Dr. William Wasson, agedeighty-three, a former resident ofBourbon county, where he at onetime practiced dentistiy, died at an,early hour Friday morning at hishome on Montgomery avenue, in'Versailles, of the infirmities of age.Dr. Wasson had been in fairly goodhealth up to a sho:t time before hibdeath. He retired from the practiceof his profession about ten yearsago. He was an elder in the Versailles Prepbyterian church, and wasprominent in all the good works ofthat church.The funeral was held at his lateresidence, in Versailles, at noonSaturday, with, services conducted bythe pastor, Rev. E. C Lynch. Thebody was brought to Paris, thefuneral paity coming in automobiles,Saturday afternoon, the intermenttaking place on the family lot in theParis Cemetery at 2:30 o'clock. Thepall-bearerr. were: Dr. N. E. Berry,Van H. Edwards, H. C. Taylor, A. H.'Jachson Jr., Robeit S. Berrymanland Roy G. Williams, all of Vei-sailles.Dr. Wasson was a brother-in-lawof Mrs. Cordelia Offutt, of near Paris.'His wife was a daughter of chc late'.Thomas Wilson, one of the pioneer-fanmers of Bourbon county.Dr. Wasson's wife died about alyear ago. J ne nearest surviving ici-atives are several nepnews. j. v.Wasson, a nephew, came tc Versailles from Kansas City some timeago, and jmade his home with ln'm.Dr. Julian Wasson, who studied den-Ltistry under Dr. J. T. McMillan, oiParis, ana wno 's now a lesiucm uiCalifornia, is another nephew.oWORK OF THE RED CROSS INKENTUCKYThe Red Cross Public HealthNurse is helping to teach Americanmothers how to safeguard theirchildren's health; how to care forbabies; how to prepare the most nutritious meals; how to promote sanitary conditions in the homes andhow to combat sickness and disease.One of the most important phasesof its peace program is the co-operationthe American Red Cross is giving the United States Public HealthService, the Kentucky State Board ofHealth and the Mountain Fund (forneedy eye sufferers) in the fight tostamp out trachoma in Kentucky.Trachoma is gradually and surelyyielding to treatment in Kentucky,according to Dr. .A. T. McCormick.Secretary of the Board of Health ofthis State. Physicians and occulists of the State and trachomi hospitals and clinics maintained by theUnited States Public Health Serviceare carrying on a work that willcomprise one of the brightest pagesin American medical annals.According to figures given out byDr. McCormick, 3 0,713 cases oftrachoma from all sections of Kentucky were treated at hospitals andclinics from tne time of their establishment in 191 i until June 30,1920. Of this number 9,200 weredischarged as cured, 1,000 as improved and free from infection and513 untracked or the result unknown. United States Public Health hospitals in Kentucky are located atGreenville, Pikeville and Jackson.They are under the direction of Dr.John McMullen, of the United StatesPublic Health Service.Dr. McCormick gives to Dr. J. A.Stuckey, president of the KentuckyState Medical Association, and MissLinda Neville, a pioneer in the fightagainst trachoma, who is now amember of the field staff of Lake Division. American Red Cross, creditfor much of the work of startingthe campaign against the disease in1912.The Red Cross Public HealthNurse making arduous trips onhorseback to widely separated communities in the mountains of Kentucky is a picture that is most familiar to the people of that State.Wheiever she gees she is received asan angel of mercy, to whom thegratitude of those to whom she hashelped to bring new hope is constantly fiov.ing.Seek to Bring Out the Good.There is some good in the worst ofmen, notwithstanding the doctrine tAtotal depravity. To bring out thiigood, f rather than develop the eril,should be the purpose of all socialrelationship. Here is the great chllenge to society. t '-.oTechnical Name for Motor. rThe more technically correct namefor the automobile power plant is theword engine, although it Ls popularly,called a motor.ifhasexclusivelynf fom-re K. Redmon, Claude F.! Redmon and Miss Imogene Redmon," I -,n of "Paris. Mr. Sueakes is a bvoth-o thecign languages,.sens' associationSnt Snanith be taughti ,Hp. schools, giving as its rea- i ,. . Paris Mr Sueakeson the belief that Spanish should , e& of George D. Speakes, of the fiarh maste-ed by the rising generation ,'ls Spealies & Harris real estatet fS u is otow.jir into favor as ncy in Paris, and is engaged mbecause it js Oro,n0 int farmin- He was for several years-. commercial JJl SupStendent of the County InfirmGerman and Italiar aie ietie" . arv aear Ruddles Mills. .v this same association as ian- -tteT a si10rt wedding trip Mr.wps that belong more to "social Soeakes returned to Pans,affairs." This viewpoint will lively j aDa are residing at the home of thegroom, near Paris.BIRTHS.$ 'fee disputed by thousands of overseaswho believe that their "parlezr,c- r.PP.d to be battiessed by ajHRGESjuller knowledge of the French Ian-feurge, or perhaps Italian aim uwJe German. So it is interesting toTfcnow that a great many of thesefcoys and men are studying theirBerlitz textbooks at home, and someSay they all expect to go, llKe theIonian from Texas, to the Dig cityhere they can gee into more lntiate contact with teachers of theirselected foreign language.WOMEN ON COUNTYHEALTH BOARDSSacred Bangles.Oup of the oldest of industries is thej&atfing ot narrow bracelets, called banMes, from the chunk, or sacred shell, ofJfee Hindus. This conch is found injBie, Gulf of Manaar. and about 2,000,-1W0 of the shells are exported annualjW,to Calcutta.r oV Our 'Deficient Smeller.i Our sense of "smell is far inferior toIbat of the savage: but even his scentfaculty is a poor thing "eompared withJfcat offwer animals. A' eat can getKlfr;4r. smell. yWatch pussy with01:Near Paris, to Mr. and Mrs. R.W. Bramel, a daughter. Mrs. Bramclwas formerly Miss Ora Henderson.In Lexington, to the wife ofEdward Mann, forpnerly of Paris, adaughter, first born. Mrs. Mann wasformery Miss Porter, of Winchester.Near Hutchison, to Mr. and Mrs.Clvde P. Rice, a son. weight 11pounds, christened Clyde MilronRice. Mrs. Rice was formerly MissMay Jacoby, daughter of Mr andMrs. "R. M. Jacoby. of Hutchison.. oBooze in Baby's Bottle.Magazine Story ne was an onlyson. His father, heavily alcoholic,had died in his infancy from pneumonia contracted during a spree.Boston Transcript.JLAct Quick!Be here the Opening Day.You will buy Shoes atHalf Price.A MONSTERSHOE SALE!Prices Smashed in orderto Realize Ready Cash.Sensational 21 Days Price SmashingCASH RAISING SALEStarted January 15th.A Monster Sacrifice Shoe Sale! NOver 15,000 Pairs Of High Grede BOOTS, SHOES ond RUBBERSA anointment of a womanCounty Health Boards is urged uponFiscal Courts by the State Boara ofHealth, according to Dr. J. N. McCormick, Secretary of the Bureau.Appointment of women to the board, jDr. McCormack said, is due thembecause of their untiring efforts ,v.health work, especially in ihe lastdecade and also in "view of their nowhaving equal suffrage rights.At present there are four membeison each county health board, threephysicians being appointed toy theState Board, while ihe fourth generally is' the county judge, or anothercounty official. The FiscjI Courfr,under the law would appoint thefifth member, who the State healthorganization hopes will be a woman.Dr. McConmack explained that .thewoman as well as the men membersof each board, should be well-knownin -the county and have the confidence of the people in their respective sections.Forewarned, Forearmed.Our Idea of a prudent man is onewho never sees a vampire withoutthinking of a buzz saw. Dallas News.INTEPvlIEBAN SCHEDULECAKS LEAVE1 Lexington ForPansA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:120A. M. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10Paris TorLexingtonA. M. 6:45P. M. 11:00A. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. ll;lffP. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05N P. M. 11:55(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TBACTION AND TERMDf 11 COMPANYthrown on the market in this Gigantic PriceSmashing Sale without regard to cost or formervalues in order to Realize Ready Cash in theshortest time possible. A CLEAN CUT SALEFROM START TO FINISH, offering to the public the Greatest and Grandest Shoe Valuesever witnessed in this town. Every pair remarked in plain, readable figures so you cansee the IMMENSE SAVING.A PERFECT LANDSLIDE OF SHOE BARGAINSsuch as you have never heard of before. Act Quick! Thousands OfPairs to Go at 50 Cents on the Dollar.DAN COHENPARIS' GREATEST SHOE STOREWHERE BEAUTY AND ECONOMY REIGNMany other WonderfulBargains too Numerousto Mention.This is the GreatestShoe Sale you have everseen. BUY NOW.El..- ,..'' - , . -Ai ", r"' - VT 4"&'";?Jf-"T vvv. - ?- 75ss''"ft1