1:.Jt- "-VS-VffI vs. .;.;tefttTg?&:,M&i-j ,v,- -&'THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.'it-t?fsrVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1321:r-JH' 43ASE BALL IN THE CITY ANDCOUNTY.The Centerville and Newtownteams will play a game on the 'Centerville grounds, Sunday afternoon,the game to be called promptly at2:30 o'clock. Centerville will haveCarter and Carter on the hurlingand receiving lines, while Newtownwill present on the points Dicksonand Gray. Both teams have been ;going strong this season and a goodgame is expected.The Paris Ruggles team and the"Winchester Huslers will play tomorrow afternoon, on the localgrounds on West Second street.The game will be called promptly atthree o'clock. The same teams willplay on the Winchester grounds Sunday afternoon. The Paris team hasbeen reorganized and strengthened,under Manager Crider, and showsgreat promise of developing into oneof the strongest teams in CentralKentucky, having won three out offour games.' Manager Crider hassecured two new pitchers who areexpected to add strength to the team.Winchester has been playing goodhall since the opening of the season,but the local teajm hopes to come outvictor in both games.The Paris line-up for Saturday'3ga:ne will be as follows: McCord,Langston or Martin, p; Carter, t;Berryman lb; Lancaster 2 b; Mann,3 b; Brewsaugh, s s; McFarland,r t; Burnett, If; Woods, cf.The mangers and players of theParis team were tendered a luncheonatithe Ellis Tea Room. Wednesdayniht, at which plans for the futurethe grand ETAOIN ETAOIN NNNwere discussed. Specifications forgrand stand were discussed and theerection of the stand will be takenud in a few days.. oGO TO SUNDAY SCHOOL SUNDAY,MAY1.The "Go-to-Sunday School" movement inaugurated some time ago inthe interest of increased attendancehas borne fruit everywhere, and isstill doing good work. The call hasgene out for every man, woman andchild in Paris and Bourbon countyto go to Sunday school next Sunday, March l.Start the new month right by attending Sunday School somewhere.Ton can't go wrong by dofng so.The Paris schools want tp.jmake arecord Sunday for attendance. Bein your Sunday school next Sunday,and help swell the grand total)oEVERYTHING IN PAINT JIJTCEWe guarantee Johnson Points tobe the, highest -grade on the market.We carry a full line of these famouspaints; also a" cqmplete line of rarmisliea, oils, brushes, etc. Everything in the paint line.(22-4t) VARElEN & SON.o .Women school teachers in Francenumber approximately 100,000.;;MlimiI! KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSVERYSPECIALPRICES:CO A TSANDSUIT.Vtftfmr -"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.ILAKES' OUTFITTERSIMJ.I MUM 1 1?A!RIS APPLICANTS CONFERWITH PRESIDENTJudge H. Clay Howard, of Paris,who is an applicant for the positionof Minister to Peru, a position heheld some years ago, was a callerat the White House, in Washington,Wednesday, accompanied by UnitedStates Senator Ernst. They held ashort conference with PresidentHarding, during which Judge How-iuiuo viiaiiua jlui me pusitiun werepresented.Upon leaving the Executive Mansion, Senator Ernst told the newspaper men that the only subject discussed at the conference was thematter of appointment. No intimation was given as to what actionthe President may take on the recommendation. Judge Howard'schances for the appointment arethought, however, to be very good.POSTMASTERS TO PARTICIPATEIN CIVIC AFFAIRS.Postmaster J. Walter Payne hasreceived a special circular front thePostoffice Department asking him tocall special attention of the publicto the necessities of having returnaddresses on envelopes, addressing tostreet and number, having housesproperly numbered, etc. The circularcalls especial attentionlowing: VAddressing mail tonumber; the firm'sto the fol-street andletterheadsshould bear their street address;mail should be deposited early andfrequently during the day and notheld until during the close of business; return addresses on envelopesresult in prompt return of letters Ifthey are undeliverable; valuablemail matter should always be registered; postal money orders shouldbe used for remittances by mail instead of cash.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEMARKET REVIEWThe butter market is closing theweek on a slightly lower basis, dueto increased receipts. The marketprobably will work still lower, untilit reaches a storage basis.Fresh eggs are plentiful on allinarkets and receipts are greatertan for the same time a year ago,vfth an easier tendency and lowermarkets at the close of the week.IJue to the very large quantity instorage, as compared with this timelast year, lees interest is being shownin eggs for storage purposes, at prevailing prices.' X4ye poultry prices have ruled a little. aasieiduring the weekas the demand lor the Jewish holidays hasbeen well supplied. Prices in thecountry are ruling Tower.o rThrough the co-operation of milkdealers and the educational boards ofBoston, Detroit, Philadelphia andSeattle, milkis distributed daily topupils at all public schools.IIIIIIHMIMIHMHnt3BJiON3sir J'III II 1 1 1 irfr'M H M II M llthfrghout Ch NorthVrM Circuit.PARIS CITIZEN PROTST WATERRATE INCREASESpurred by repeated protestsagainst the proposed increase in water rates insisted upon by the ParisWater Company, a large and representative delegation of Paris citizensand taxpayers gathered in mass meeting at the court house, Tuesdaynight, to give voice to their protestsagainst such increase.The meeting was called to orderby Mayor E. B. January, who was'made chairman. A set of resolutions,published below, condemning thewater now furnished by the ParisWater Cqmpany, as "impure, unclean and unwholesome, and, attimes, wholly unfit for human consumption," was read by Charles A.Duncan. Speeches were made on theresolutions by Hon. E. M. Dickson,representing the ParisrWater Company, Colude M. Thomas, Edward H.Gorey, president of the Paris Commercial Club, Dr. F. P. Campbell,Mayor E. B. January, Judge GeorgeBatterton, D. C. Parrish and Rev.l W.E. Ellis. Mr. Dickson gave a resumeof the Paris Water Co.'s businesssince its incorporation in 1890, concluding with the statement that thepresent request for an increase of 35per cent.- in rates was due to the factthat the Water Company could notcontinue to furnish its services tothe people of Paris at a loss. Mr.Thomas spoke in the interest of better and lower rates and service forthe people of Paris, bringing outclearly the fact that there was onclause in the old contract betweenthe City of Paris and the Paris. Water Company which specified that wewere to have "pure water," and thatthe city had been unable to indict theWater Company because of the lackof that clasue in the contract. Mr.Thomas placed himself on record asbeing wholly and unreservedly in favor of a municipally-owned waterplant.Mayor January gave a resume ofefforts made to have the WaterCompanyindicted, and gave extrectsfrom letters received from surrounding towns telling of lower rates inexistence there than in Paris for thesame service. Dr. Campbell statedthat during his administration as CityHealth Officer of Paris he had hadmany reports from the State HealthDepartment to the effect that thewater furnished people of Paris wasunfit for human consumption. JudgeGeorge Batterton spoke decidedly infavor of the city owning and operating its ownrwater plant, and explained the possibility of. the cityissuing bonds for a portion of- theconstruction cost of suchpaJT gladard a meting of the Depialong lines of bond issues. fV. jC? oc7atic voters for the purpose of se-Banish favored "the municipally-owned water plant in a vigorous speechto that effect. Hev. Ellis and Ed-Iward H. Gorey made short talksshowing the extreme impurity of thewater, Mr. Gorey speaking especiallyfrom the viewpoint of the Louisville& Nashville railroad and the ParisCommercial Club.Upon motion of Hon. Claude M.Thomas, seconded by Dr. Prank M.JTaries, the desolutions read by Mr.Duncan, were put to the vote by theMayor, their adoption being takenby a unanimous vote. - The , resolutions follow:THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED.bv the citizens of Paris, in massmeeting assembled, this April 26,1921:That it is the opinion of this meeting that Paris is in need of an entirely new water works system, andwe pledge our united efforts to sustain any action on the part of ourmunicipal authorities having in viewthe building and equipment of a newplant to be owned and operated bythe City of Paris.RESOLVED, further, that theMayor and Council be requested bythis meeting to take immediate stepsto ascertain the cost of installing suchplant with mains, powerhouse, filtration plant, and all necessary machinery, and that, if in the judgmentof the Mayor and Council, such additional action may be necessary, report of said investigation be made tothe chairman of this meeting who ishereby authorized to call a meetingof the -citizens of Paris for action upon said report. This meeting of citizens, however, gives assurance to theMayor and Council that it will approve, endorse and sustain any action taken by the said Mayor andCouncil having in view the securingof an ample supply of pure andwholesome water for the citizens ofParis, at a fair and reasonable cost,RESOLVED, further, that we nowin advanee approve any legal' actionto be taken by our municipal authorities in. sustaining .the rights of ourcitizens as against the Paris WaterCompany, and will furnish ampleproof even to sustain an action by,the .-Attorney-General to forfeit andrevolce the charter, powers, franchisesand privileges of the said company,as is by law provided.P0BMER PAHSIAN VISITSHAUNTSOLDC. F. (Cottie) Nagle, well-knownformer Parisian, -who is attending theraces at JLexington, visited Parisfriends this week. Mr. Nagle, -whois now located in Canton, Ohio,, wherehe is conducting a ridiner school, wasin Lexington "for the purpose of pur-cnasmg saddle, horses for some of hispatrons.; Mr. Nagle is an all-round horseman, being a past master in the artof educating and showing one, andis (making a splendid success of hisnew venture. He ia known as "Prof."Nagle, and has been in great demandasijudge at the principal horse showaCOMMERCIAL lCLTJFS NOONDAY FARM BUREAU TTT.ATi TO SPEAKLUNCHEON. I . HERE.There was a large attendance at! One of the most instructive farmthe semi-monthly noonday luncheon meetings ever held in the Blue Grassgiven at the Methodist church Tues- region will be in the foipn of a banday by the Paris Commercial Club. Quet to be given by the BourbonRev. C. H. Greer, pastor of the County Farm Bureau, in this city, tochurch, presided as toastmaster. Rev. . morrow evening, at six o'clock.Greer introduced "Dad" Zerfoss, I This entertainment has been arDistrict Secretary of the Y. M. C. A., ' ranged in order that the farmers ofwho spoke in behalf of the athletic Bourbon county might meet Hon. J.field meet which is to be held to-day. I R. Howard, president of the AmerHe deplored the little attention i ican Farm Bureau Federation, withgiven to athletics in the training of headquarters at Chicago, who willchildren, declaring they were not be- address the meeting. Presidenting given a proper chance for bodily Howard has never before visiteddevelopment. Kentucky, and speaks, 'as a rule, at. Rev. Greer complimented the re- State meetings only, so that Bourcent addresses of Judge Robert Lee bon county is to be particularly faStout and Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick for vored by the presence of the chief ofthe interest they manifested in theathletic training of the youth of thecommunity and throughout theState. Looking at the narrowstreets, he said, and the entire absence of opportunities for the children to play in safety, one wouldthink Paris had been laid out by alot of old maids and bachelors.F. E. Allamong, of Chicago, delivered an address on the subject, "Community. Service In Paris." - He declared that playgrounds and theiraccompanying activities were an ab-solute necessity to any community jand especially so In Paris. Heevoked applause when -he declaredfor innocent 'athletic amusements,concerts, etc., on Sunday afternoons.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nursefor the Bourbon County Health andWelfare League, also spoke in the:interest of the playgrounds movement.o.GUN CLUB MEETING POSTPONEDONE WEEKThe Bourbon Gun Club's shoot,scheduled for this afternoon on theclub grounds in East Paris, has beenpostponed until next Friday afternoon, May 6, on account of the Hi-YAthletic Field Meeting, which is totake place on the same grounds.The Club management deemed thepostponement necessary, in view ofpossible danger to the participantsin the athletic meet fropi stray shotfired over the traps. The trophy forthe shoot will be a box of shells,donated by Joe B. Smith and FrankCollins.DEMOCRATIC COUNTY C0NVEN-:: TIONThere willbe held at each votingnrecinct in Bourbon county on Sat--i,.1v Mav 7. 1921. at 2: 00 P. m.,'lectin two committeemen, one maleand ohe female.The retiring committeeman of eachprecinct shall call the meeting toorder, and preside until the Chairman,is elected. ,In new precincts aDemocrats assembled will make atemporary organization. All Democrats possessing the qualificationsfor legal voters of their respectiveprecincts are entitled to participatein the convention. Remember youmust elect one malevand one femalecommitteeman in each precinct.DEMOCRATIC STATE CENTRALCOMMITTEE.By W. D. Mclntyre, CountyChairman. ia-woWOOL WANTEDi.'WE WANT YOUR WOOL. MARKET PRICE. CASEL STCKS ANDTWINE AT MULE BARN.CAYW00D & McCLINTOCK.Capril22-6t). oOLD TIME PRICESAs evidefr'' by some of the .pricesquoted by raris retail merchantsthis week many old time valueshave worked their way "back hofme."It now appears as though the drygoods and clothing markets are wellstabilized and that the consumerscan at least buy their immediateneeds with reasonable assurancethat prices will be no cheaper formany months. The tendency towardreduction from skyhigh prices hasbecome very noticeable in all linesof business in Paris.oRENEWED INTEREST IN BREEDING INDUSTRY IN KENTUCKYThe importance of the thoroughbred to the security or the UnitedStates is forcibly brought home to usby some comments of Col. F. S. Armstrong, Chief of the Remount Service,LQuartermaster Corps, United StatesArmy.Stressing the point that for yearsit has been increasingly difl&cult toobtain good calvary mounts, ColonelArmstrong calls attention to the direneed of thepn which the A. E. F.F. would have experienced had theworld war continued a few weekslonger, and to the relation of thebreeding industry to the question ofsupplying army "mounts to the army,"he says, "is close. A large number ofofficers are of the opinion that thecross between the thoroughbred stallion and the grade farm mare willproduce the best type of cavalryhorse. For several years the thoroughbred horsemen have done .muchto aid in the production of cavalryhorses; and at the present the various racing commissions and jockeyclubs have signified their intentionof doing greater things."0Smoking is forbidden on thegrounds or in any' of the buildings ofthe Syracuse Uniyersity, N. Y. Thedanger of fife 'was given, as one Ofthe reaaona, ,, - ,,!..the National organization.Several other speakers of note andprominence in the Farm. Bureaumovement are to be present and willmake short addresses. Among theseare Gen. E. H. Woods, of Pagevillo,president of the Kentucky BureauFederation; Geoffrey Morgan and J.S. Crenshaw, secretary and treasurer, respectively, of the State organization. Invitations have been issued to sixhundred farmers of Bourbon and theadjoining counties of Fayette, Clark,Montgomery, Scott, Harrison, Woodford and Nicholas. Many of thepresidents of the other county Bureaus of the State have been invited.The ladies of the North MiddletownWomans Club will serve the banquet, which will be held in the Ma-sonic Temple.NEG SOME HORSE; MAKES GOODRECORDSome sporting writers might notconsider Neg, Thos. G. Morris' raceras worthy of recording in their columns, but locally Neg is regardedas a money winner in the thoroughbred world. Neg .was trained, assome of the wags say, "on Pleasantstreet," by Trainer Coffey for hisowner, Tom Morris, and for a timewas not regarded as a world-beater.But Morris' confidence in his horsecontinued strong, and he was backedup by assurances of his trainer thatNeg would some day prove his worthon the track.In his last twenty-four starts Ifeghas been "in the - money" twentytimes first under the rira seyqntimes, second eight times, and tookthird place in five raqes. He iashas been racing at the-TiaJuana trackfor several months. Formally hel$s a "cheap skate" an4 t. butttfridicule and Jest, 'Neg has amtrgeftfrom the mediocre class,.and is proving worthy of all the care and, moneybestowed on hijin Dy owner andtrainer.oHIGH-CLASS COATS AND WRAPS)ALL OUR HIGH-CLASS COATSAND WRAPS ARE MARKED ATVERY SPECIAL PRICES.FRANK & CO.(22apr-2t). ...".-J ' ".. oIMPORTANT NOTICE TO PARISBUSINESS HOUSESOwing to changes in L. & N.train schedule, effective May 1st,train number 32, northbound, willdepart from Paris about 6:50 p. m.,instead of 7:45 p. m. In order thatmail be dispatched on this train itwill be absolutely necessary that allsuch mail be deposited in the postofiice (not street boxes) not laterthan 5:00 p. m.All mail deposited in street boxesafter 1:30 p. m. will not be collecteduntil 6:30 n. m., and will not bedisnatched until train 31, leaving.Paris about 10:45 p. m.oWOOL WANTEDWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL AND WE ARE PAYING THEHIGHEST MARKET PRICE.IT WILL PAY YOU TO CALL ONUS BEFORE MAKING OTHfeR ARRANGEMENTS. WE FURNISHSACKS. .WILL RECEIVE AT MY PLACE,(HUTCHCRAFT ELEVATOR), ORAT LITTLE ROCK.L. D. MITCHELL,AGENT FOR CLARK & TH0MAS0N..PHONES, DAY 1028; NIGHT 296.(15-af) .o . .LODGE NOTES'n.v-j: A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34, Uniform"Rank, K. of P., will hold an opensession on the night of Wednesday,May 4, at Castle Hall, in the Wilson:building. The Cynthiana companywill be guests of honor. The following invitations have been issued:"You are invited to attend anOpen Session to be given by A. J.Lovely Company, U. R. K. of P., atCastle Hall, Wilson Buliding, Paris,Ky., Wednesday, May 4, at 8:30 p.m; Wm. W. Dudley, Captath."CASH FOR CREAK'CORRfeCT WEIGHT, RIGHTTEST,BEST PRICE. BRING YOUR HEXTCAN TO OUR BUYING STAWONJSEE YOUR CREAM WEIGHED,TESTED AND -RECEIVE CASH.OPEN ALL DAY EXCEPT .HOLIDAYS. KENTUCKY CREAMERIES, -T.D. EDINGTON, OPERATOR,E. I. LAXDIS, MAN1G1R,1T0. 10 BANK ROW, PAW, KY.(2l-apf-2t) v .,'HARDING ENDORSES "OLDTUCKY HOME" PLANIndorsement by President Hardiof the spirit and purposes of the campaign to raise $100,000 for the pw2Xf.eand Preservation of 'Taferat"Hill is contained in a letter raeifed from him by Marvin H. Lewis, atLouisville, chairman of the executivecommittee of the campaign."The movement in which so maayleading citizens have joined for thrpurchase of the old home wharwhere Stephen .Collins Foster wrt'My Old Kentucky Home' has iatar- 'ested me because I feel that it represents a type of civic activity that.will be encouraged in this couatry.The effort to preserve such shrines a'Federal Hill, which are associatewith the lives and activities of tkoawho have usefully served their country, is one that can not but have tkVmost beneficial results. We Americans, having a new country, peraapalhave not appreciated the full valwof these landmarks of sentiment, atherefore it is a pleasure to give ap-'proval to such an effort as you Ken-1tucky people are making."Campaign committees have beea'formed in forty-six cities and towaaof the State and forces are being organized for "Old Kentucky HornWeek," which is to begin on Mother'sDay, Sunday, May 8.BELIEVES CONFEDERATE. IS IN ENGLANDSXALr"Marse" Henry Watterson not onlyhas a. duplicate of the great, seal ofithe Confederacy, but believes thatthe original is in England, notwithstanding various reports of its disposal, according to a statement inthe Louisville Times.'One story was to the effect that thseal had been buried in a secretplace by President Jefferson Davis''negro bodyguard. Another said itbeen placed in the secret archives ofi"the War department.The duplicate of the seal, in gold,rests in a carved wooden case at MrWatterson's home at Mansfield, nearLouisville."This is one of the sidT originalcopies of the great seal," said MrWatterson. "It was obtained in tillsway:"When Judah P. Benjamin left talicountry to locate in London, he intrusted the 'great seal to his aecr- .tary, a man najmed BromwelL A yacor taro later after the warBromwalt.became my father's law clerk iWashington City. My father had tfccopies made and Bromwell retaimatfthe seal. Some time later, Bromwtltwent to London to join Mr. Bmja4min who took care of him until 1mdied, some time in the seventies."He took the seal to England withjhim. I have no doubt it waa in akeffects and that it now reposes sohwhere on the other, side."1HowlWe KnowEvery DemandIs MetThere are four things!you aemana in a sunSTYLE FITWEARGOOD T10HIWe can outfit Voii Uyour own satisfaction, forwe carry the predoosinating styles where taJlorisitfis an assured fact and loafwear is guaranteedby poreall wool material.We are ready to proveour statement Cone aaand take a look and WFconvinced.!MITCHELL kBLAKEMOREttttseji Serine Haas -Nettltisii Sweat.-'-'' . f Age twoTHE BOURDON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKYsTUESDAY, APRIL1 If, HIT ,tvf:: z " i -j'-fw-Work WantedtI am prepared to do all kinds offevtttiag and repair work. Haveftttr bouses and barns shingled now.All-work guaranteed. Gall Cum-"Wrland phone 758.SAM H. SHOUT,(S-tf) 1210 Main Street.THROW OUT THE LINEGive Them Help and Many ParisPeople Wili Be HappierTaxi ServiceIf you want quick taxi service,call Cumberland Phone 1025-J, dayor night.A. K. CAYWOOD TAXI CO.(15-tf)Early Vegetable Plantsm For SaleCauliflower, cabbage, tomatoes,pepper, hot and sweet, also scarletsage and caster plants, fine lot tomato plants, Chalk's Early Jewel, Eaulina, extra early special, Stone, Ponderosa, Acme, Ten Ton, New YorkYork Beauty, all about ready tobloom.Buy your plants fresh from the bedand your success is assured. Oneand one-half blocks from car line.JOE LAVIN,332 W. Eighth St. Paris, Ky.(novl2-6t)GarageFor Sale!"Throw Out the Life4 Line"Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworked theydon't get the poison filtered out of theblood."Will you help them?Doan's Kidney Pills have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney sufferers. Ask your neighbor.Paris testimony proves their worth.Mrs. J. T. Mattox, 905 PleasantStreet, Paris, says: "Both myselfand husband have used Doan's Kidney Pills with very satisfactory results and so far as my own experiencegoes I can recommend them veryhighly. At times my back wouldhave a weak and painful feelingthrough it and I would be quite dizzyby spells. My kidneys didn't actrisrht. either. I began using Doan'sKidney Pills and they soon relievedthe trouble, restoring my strengthand giving me better health generally." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mattox had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv): oShaving, according to one doctor,increases neuralgia and other troubbles of the face.The Government of Venezuela hasestablished a school of radio telegraphy at Caracas.For RentHAVING DECIDED TO MOVEPROM NORTH MDDLETOWN I AMOEEEEING FOR SALE MY GARAGEBUSINESS, FIXTURES, ACCESSORIES, GOOD WILL, ETC. POSSESSION GIVEN IMMEDIATELY.White Motor Co.WARREN WHITE, Prop.House with garden. Will furnishday work.C. ALEXANDER,Cumb. Phone 135. Clinton ville Pike.(15-tf)DR. W. J. KIFFVETERINARIANSuccessor to Dr. WatsonOffice laBOURBON GARAGE. PARIS, KY.(nov-19-tf) Both Phones 347.GOAL!CONCRETE BLOCKS FORFOUNDATIONSSAND, GRAVEL AND ALLKINDS OF PLASTERING.AND CONCRETEWHI Keep Up Mr. Godson'sReputation far First ClassCaal.ALL WORK GUARANTEEDF.S.ASBURY & CO.x152t South Main St., Paris, Ky.(Dodson's Old Coal Yard)(apr26-4t) tFarmers Losing Millions inScrub Live StockAttend and take part inFarmers Better Sire SalesBourbon Stock YardsLouisville, Ky. June 2nd200 pure bred registeredbulls -will be sold at auction.' The sale is held strictly toimprove the quality of livestock in Kentucky. Bid- ,ding limited to farmers.You make your own price.Movement backed by U. S.Government, University ofKentucky, College of Agriculture, Governor of Kentucky,Kentucky Pure Bred IiveStockAssociation and Louisville LrOeStock Exchange.Write today for full, particulars and free chartshowing increase in profitfrom pure breds. AddressW. S. BELL, PresidentLouisville Live Stock ExchangeLOUISVILLE, KY.Purebred Sheep Sale August II.HW1libbbmbTm1i7EbT&bbHLIVE CALVES AND POULTRY OUR SPECIALTYSINCE 1886WE HAVE MORE ORDERS FOR TOP CALVES AND TOP GRADEPOULTRY. EVERY DAY THAN WE CAN FILL. RAILROAD FACILITIES RIGHT JNTO OUR PLANT CONNECT US DIRECTWITH ALL LARGE MARKETS WHICH AFFORDS AN ADVANTAGE IN DISPOSING OF SHIPMENTS. IN ADDITION TO THECINCINNATI MARKET. THIS ASSURES YOU OF THE HIGHESTPRICES OBTAINABLE FOR YOUR SHIPMENTS ON ARRIVALAND REMITTANCES DAILY. SHIP CALVES ANY DAY BUT SATURDAY. POULTRY ANY DAY. WRITE FOR TAGS. SIMMONSMORRIS. ADDRESS. 2 TO 7AW. WATER ST.. CINCINNATI. O.iiiiiiwiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiniiHiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiWilliam K. Hagan (yybNAp-chitectv & Engineer..FJS..-T NATIONAL BANKPAfcU. Ky.ltriw4WKJHiiiiitijiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiitiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittiiiiiiiiiiiftiiifittiiiiiiiiiijWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finished 2 jGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents;No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.7tPARIS, KENTUCKY- 7 fcy: ' : : : ' - - - . ?;:fiAKflBBBaWQBJB'aaaHBBBBBpBaBaaBBBBVlBBBPQsBMaBBBBBPaVBSBBBBBlTo the motorist BfraSwho has emit mm ammBL BBBVil c w' BBBvBBliMsaJttBBHBlBBV WV HHHlifKKliT.l 'U.BI LUvf. I IBT MOTO itrP - llMp I bvbbbVSbbv tl-sSsk I WbHBbVm : 'z- XmwmfrM bHobbE0uessm0 about? 'ares -ALONG about this time of year a man finds his motor-ing neighbors getting anxious about their tires.With folks expecting old tires to "pop" any minute,there comes the question of what kind of new ones to buy.U. S. Tires are answering a lot of questions .like thisnowadays.The U. S. Tire following embraces two kinds oftire buyers'.Those who started with quality first, and have neverbought anything else but the quality standard tire.Those who came to quality first, only after dabblingwith "bargains," "rebates," "job lot" and "surplus stock"tires.Getting one hundred cents value on. the dollar in tirebuying is a straight-forward business proposition notguess-work or a game of wits.The most essential man for you to know today is thelocal U. S.Tire dealer who is concentrating on a full,completely sized line of U. S. Tires.He gets his U. S. Tires straight from his neighboringU. S. Tire Factory Branch one of 92 such Branchesestablished and maintained all over the country by theTJ. S. Tire makers.He is the man who can give you fresh, live tires notsniff shipped to him from some point where it. did notsell, but new tires of current production.Giving the same quality, selection and price-advantageto the owner of the medium weight car-as the big carowner gets. With equal service and buying opportunitywhether he lives in the smaller localities, or the greatercenters of population.THE U. S. NOBBY TREADWhere the going is specially heavy with snow,,mud or sand, in hilly country where maximumtraction on the road is a factor, no other tira.tread yet devised is quite so effective, or sowholly approved by motoring opinion, as thaU. S. Nobby Tread.Its very simplicity two diagonal rows of oblong studs, interlocking in their grip on the roadis the resujt ofall the years of U. S. Rubber experience with every typ of road the world ovar.OK 'miSOL 'MMCt ABsBBVIK"The most essentiat man fotyou to know today in the tirabusiness is your local U. S.Tire Dealer"United States TiresUnited States Rubber Company...-ata602)Tire & Vulcanizing Co.Paris, Ky.I I" fMillersburg Hardware Co.. Millersburg, Ky.r jrFor SaleThree registered Chowchow breedpuppies, eiglit weeks old. Finespecimens. Will furnish, pedigrees.Call on or addressH. M. ROSEBERRY,Cumb. Phone 191. Paris, Ky.(19-4t)Red Star Coal!We are now handling Red StarCoal. This coal always ,sells at apremium but from now until the firstof May we will sell at the same priceas ordinary coals: Try a load andyou will always be our customer.MANSFEILD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumb. 'Phone 711.Home 'Phone 510. '(28-tf) . "Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Wyatt Lewis, deceased,are hereby requested to present same,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Administrator, athis office in Paris, Ky., for adjustment and payment. All such claimsnot presented within the proper timelimit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselves indebted in any way whatsoever to theestate of the said Wyatt Lewis, deceased, are hereby notified to call atthe office of the undersigned Administrator, in Paris, Ky., and make fulland complete settlement of such indebtedness.HORD W. MANN, .Administrator of Wyatt Lewis Deceased. (8-3wka-F) .' '". .V --vPUBLIC SALEMBOURBON COUNTY FARLive Stock and Farming ImplementsSATURDAY, APRIL 30th, 1921AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.we will sell the excellent suburban farm, containing 130 acres, located about one mile from Paris, on the.North Middletown pike, belonging to Frank Collins, better known as the George Wyatt farm. 'Improvements in first-class conditions, consisting of a' two-story nine-room brick residence,- with bathand lights complete; has circular front porch, a good dry. cellar; all necessary outbuildings, including garage, meat house, hen house, etc.; has one new tobacco barn and two stockbarns. "There are about twenty-five or thirty acres of old blue grass sod, the balance is in a high state of culti-vation, most of which is sown to young bluegrass, clover, etc. .The farm lays well, and has strong producing powers; is well watered and under good fencing. JAnyone in the market for a splendid up-to-dae home should avail himself of the opportunity to attend-'this sale. Location, improvements, etc., taken into consideration, makes it a home that would suit moatvanyone.1 pair aged mares, best mule mares in county; 1 aged driving mare, gentle for lady; 1 five-year-old raiding; 1 two-year-old mule; 2 yearling. mdles; 4 cows, 2 registered Shorthorns; i Shorthorn bull- 3 calves- SO -owoq-with ahmit. sixtv laimhsr 2K shoats. weieht about 135 nounds: 2 sowaan1nim o ,, m' VJuly first, these sows are registered Duroc; 1 Duroc boar; 2 sows and pigs; 2 breaking plows; 1 disc harrow1 wheat drill; 1 self binder; 2 mowing machines; 1 corn planter; 1 Black Hawk manure spreader- 1 newTiger tobacco setter; 1 new power hay bailer; 1 Blizzard silo filler; 2 self-rake crass seed ati-i. -p-jfltrfnivQfa "Da. json Tractor, good at new; 1 disc tractor plow; 1 tractor harrow; 5 passenger Hupp touring car' Ford touring car, for runabout with truck attached; some cattle troughs; lot of loose lumber; lot of farm 'harness lotOJL lillUllUg IUUIO dun -x t.u, auu UIUC1 biwua .-w uumwuuo t ujouuuu.TERMS Reasonable and made known on day of sale. For further information, apply to Harris Sneakes& Harris, agents, of Frank Collins, owner, who will take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective buyers! 'Remember we are instructed by Mr. Collins to sell this farm positively, rain -or shine.Possession will be given in ten days after date of sale.COL. GEO. 3). SFEAJlES, Amctionccr. . 1'-. (2vZapi-3t) vi.. . i rL. D. HARRIS, ManagerHti.II; I&iIK.14-.:&.-&-. . 3M!S-Xre-.i S;"JAS,r f 4. .vt '.vu-iV v r ; . ". ih i "i-f)f$ r$x"" TUESDAY, APRIL, -29, 1921 -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARES, KENTUCKYFAG1THOK?!V'v"Brazilian Grass."This is a name Incorrectly appliedft a substance used in the manufacture0f a cheap kind of hats known as Brasilian grass hats, and also as chip hats.K consists of strips of leaves of a palm,which are imported to Great Britainpi elsewhere for this manufacture,hiefly from Cuba.Master's Sale!'Alvin Hicks PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Bev. Willis, Etc DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1921, of the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, will onSaturday,Apri!30,1921at the front door of the Court House,dn Paris, Kentucky,, at about theiour of 11 o'clock, a. in., sell at public auction, to the highest and bestfcidder the remainder interest of Cor3nne Elizabeth Keene and the lifeestate of Bev Willis and America Willis in and to the following describedHperty;Jr A certain house and lot ofground on Houston Hill, inParis, Kentucky, frontingSouthwardly on Marshall streetabout forty (40) feet, more orless, and extends northwardlytherefrom the same width as infront, to the southern line oflot H, a mean distance of aboutone hundred and eighty (180)feet from the front, more or less,and being the same propertyconveyed to Jane Madison bydeed from Franklin Kennedyrecorded in deed book 59, page. 269, and from Lucy B. Simms,recorded in deed book 81, page408, and being the same lot ofground conveyed by Jane Madison to the said Beverly andAmerica Willis during her lifetime, and after the death ofboth Beverley and AmericaWillis, to the said Corinne Keene, by deed recorded inDeed Book 94, page 64, office ofthe Clerk of the Bourbon CountyCourt.Said sale will be made on a creditof six months, the purchaser beingrequired to execute bond with, goodand approved surety for the purchasemoney, said bond to bear interest atthe rate of six per cent. (6) perAnnum from date of sale until paid.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the plaintiff's debt inthe sum of Four Hundred Dollars(1460.00) with six per cent (6) interest from July 1, 1919, until paidand the costs of the above styled action and this sale, estimated as of thedate of sale as five hundred and seventy-fivedollars ($575.00.)O. T. HINTON,. Master Commissioner, B. C. C.(apr. 15-22-29)Thoroughbred HorsesKentucky Association CourseLEXI NGTONApril 23 to May 4 InclusiveStake DatesBEN AU UMIICAPSaturday, April 23ASM MMTuesday, April 2HUH STAKESThursday, April 28UK CUSS STAKESSaturday, April 30RLE Mil STAKESTuesday, TV! ay 3CAME UMKAPWednesday, May 4Kentucky Jockey ClubTIOLSlTOBS or GAME LAWS ABErPTEDIn the County Court, Judge GeorgeBatterton assessed fines of $25 andcosts each against James R. Linville,Geo. R. Faulkner and H. A. Rankins, all of near Ruddles Mills. Themen were charged with violation ofthe State game and fish laws. Theevidence presented at the trial show-ea ine men aaa been catcnine fishhy the "gigging" process, which isstrictly prohibited hy law. The ar-resus were jmaae by Deputy tiame"Wardens James D. McClintock, Chas.Spears and Wills Jacoby.Yule Lg Once Preserved.In olden times the Yule log was -alwayslaid aside before it was burnedout, so that the next Christmas daythe new Yule log might be lightedfrom the charred remains of Its predecessor. : oFrance produces more than 250 varieties of cheese.Masters Sale. BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTBourbon Agricultural Bank& Trust Company PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Phil Niptfert. . DefendantUnder and by virtue of a'judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch Term, 1921, of the BourbonCircuit Court in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, April 30, 1921,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpuhlic outcry to the highest and beatbidder the following described property:Thirteen shares of capitalstock of the Paris Ice Manufacturing Company represented bythe following certificates:Certificate No. 52 for fiveshares, certificate No. 53, forfive shares and certificate No.63, three shares.Said sale will be made upon a credit of four months, the purchaser orpurchasers being required to exe-Icute their bond with good and apI proved surety for the purchase price,said bond to bear interest at therate of six per cent. (6) per annum from date of sale until paid andIto have the force and effect of ajudgment.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a debt due the plaintiff'herein in the sum of Four Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($450.00) withinterest from February the 15, 1920,until paid, subject to a credit ofSixty-three Dollars and Fifty Cents(63.50) as of August the 18, 1920,together with the costs of this proceeding and' sale.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner, B. C. C.(aprl5-22-29)PROMISING ten days of the finestsport in its history of nearly a century,the famous Lexington course will inaugurate the annual season of thoroughbred racing in Kentucky on Saturday,April 23rd.Never before have so many horses ofclass been quartered at the Lexingtoncourse and this advantage has beensupplemented by a program book of unusual excellence.Come to Lexington and enjoy themeeting! It is here that some of mostprominent entries for the KentuckyDerby to be run at Churchill Downs onSaturday May 7th, will get their finaltests with colors up.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OvrPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Emmett M. Dickson is improving rapidly after her recent serious illness.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinshave returned from a sojourn at HotSprings, Ark.Mrs. B. F. Clay has returnedfrom a winter's sojourn at her placein Eustis, Florida.Mrs. Riley Martin, of Paris, leftTuesday for a several days' visit toher sisters, in Atlanta, Georgia.'Miss Ellen Towles is confinedto her home on the Hume and Bedford road, near Paris, by illness.Mrs. H. C. Feeback, of Covington, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.John Merringer, Sr., on South Mainstreet.Mr, and Mrs. Albert Holliday,of Chicago, are guests of Mr. andMrs. George W. Judy, on Twelfthstreet.Henry Grosche, formerly ofParis, has taken a responsible position with John Shillito Co., in Cincinnati. IMrs. Brinch Meinertz has returned to her home near Paris froma visit to Mrs. John Dillon, in Cincinnati. 'Col. Robert Allen Burton, ofDanville, Va.,-was a guest severaldays this we,ek of M. IJ. H. Davis andother friends.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Darnabyand little daughter have returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativestin Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Legg, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr. andMrs. J. Frank Trisler, at their homeon Eighth street.Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Worthingtonand children, of Chicago, are visiting friends and relatives near Clintonville, where they formerly resided. Louis Grosche is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, wherehe underwent a successful operationWednesday. He was reported yesterday as resting comfortably.Georgetown Times: "Mrs. Carrie B. Bayless and grandson, AlbertC. Adair, of Paris, have been visiting her Aunt and uncle, Mr. andMrs. Jos. Evans, near Georgetown."Mrs. Charles G. Holliman andlittle daughter, Alice Frances, havereturned to wieir Home in Detroit,Mich., aftei a visit to her mother,Mrs. Alice "Snapp, and family, onLilleston Avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Bagby, whohave been guests of their aunt, Mrs.Oscar Gibbens, returned Wednesday night to their home, in Hazard,accompanied by Mrs. Minnie Dockenbrode, and daughter.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr andMrs. Evelyn Buck returned Mondaynight from a delightful trip toWashington, D. C, where they attended the .sessions of the NationalConvention of the D. A. R.Len Lanius, of Cincinnati,principal owner of the Central Optical Co., and a former attache of theCincinnati Post, was in, Paris, Tuesday, as a guest of Drs. WilliamKenney and Milton J. Stern. Mr.Lanius was at one time championlight weight wrestler of the UnitedStates. He will return to Paris ata later date and give a lecture onphysical culture, to the boys of Paris,a subject in which he is greatly interested. (Other Personals on Fage 5), ASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineBeware! Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tablets youare not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for twenty-oneyears and proved safe, by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the fiayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)No Doubt About His Love.Bess "Are you quite sure he loveyon?" June "Love, me? Why, hwent down on his knees in damp mos3with new white flannel trousers oofto propose to rue." Boston Globe.against reddening, rougheningwinds, by applyingNYALFACE CREAM' with peroxidebefore going out. It whitensthe skin, too, and softens it to aa velvety smoothness.Two sizes..'PROTECTYOURCOMPLEXIONSmart Clothes jjand the Derby !!There is one thing assured that this is to be Kentucky'ssmartest Derby. Never were clothes more attractive evenin the days when one wore gay colored crinolines and carrieda panuol to match.For every Derby, and even in the days before the famousrace; Stewart's has offered to the beauty of Kentucky theadditional charm of stylish apparel.Coats, Suits, Dresses,.Wraps and SkirtsApparel that has all the charm, all the distinction, all of thestyle to give complete assurance of correctness. Suits ofcomplete smartness, Dresses individual and appealing, Wrapsto suit every taste, will be found in assortments that are obviously metropolitan in this big Kentucky store.Your New HatWill possess the coveted distinction of exclusiveness if youallow Stewart milliners to assist you in its selection.It may be a ribbon hat or a flower hat or a straw hat or evena large picture hat, but whatever it is it will be charming andappealing.Stewart Dry Goods Co(Incorporated)LOUISVILLE .ECINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35L & N.$2.35Sunday, May 8, 1921Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(29-2t)UUS OlQtt 1Something to YOUIt means that we can supply you withthe "JCxibe" Giant, the right powersupply for your starting and lighting.Theui&ldeftBsaiLi Batteryis the product of The Electric Storage jBattery Company, the largest manufacturer of storage batteries in theworld. Into it is built over thirtyone .years of storage battery buildingexperience.Inside and out, from plate to case, inevery detail, the "xioe" Battery isbuilt for real power and endurance.Drop in for a Free Battery Test; we'llshow you why the 'Cxibe" Giant willmake greater efficiency and economyin your starting and lighting possible.BOURBON EXIDESTATION .'nilSiC. S. BALL GARAGECop. Fourth and Pleasant Si.Mir. Farmer:Have YouVULCANIf not you are not prepared to plow right We'have a big line of the REAL, GENUINtrVOLCANPLOWS AND REPAIRS. Beware of imitationswe are the authorized dealers and only sell thegenuine article.Buick Carsmof All Models on DisplayWhen you buy a car, be sure and see theBuick before you purchase.C. S. Ball Garage. Fourth and Meatwil StreetGlovesP. Centemeri Tm Claa Imported Glace Sid Glares.They are oyer seam and iMseam sewn in soft flexibleleather. In- white, blackand the seasonal shades.At $2.65Six button, strap wrist;white, glare kid slaves;rouna seam sewn; arrowpoint back,At $3.45Imported glace kidgloves; pique sewn. Theyhave two large clasps atthe wnsts and crochetcombination embroideredbacks with welts tomatch. In "whfrte and allthe seasonal colors.At $3.50HosieryFull fashioned chiffonstockings in pure silkthread. In black and allthe colors.At $3.45Imoorted chifton ard lacasilk lisle stockings with,pointea. heels,At $1.75Thread silk stockings ofmedium weight. Theyhave tops and wearingplaces reinforced with,lisle,At $2.2-5B lousesBlouses of beautiful quality Georgette in whitaflesh and bisque. Theyhave rdvnd and squareJiecka and are embroidered and laco. trimmed.$9.75 to $15.00Hand-made blouses ofBatiste and Voilo with,square and V necks, Filetand Irish lace trimmed-$5.95 to $21.95a GenuinePLOW?..Ardery Drug Co.t."One a Trim MwaytmimimmmmvHmmmmimmmmmmmmmmTt.ft (, -vw- J1-CV"-4f M Vf 1 v- , jy -t$PAJuiaumTHE BOURDON NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1921mAn Ordinance!Grinding For the Original Construc-ond street from the East margin ofMain street "to the West margin ofPleasant street, Fourth Street fromi the East margin of High street to theWest margin of Pleasant street, Fifthstreet from the East margin of HighiM of thp "Follmxrino- 5frpfc in f u street to the West margin of PleasantTnoitneouowmg:&treetsiiitne street sixth street from tne EastCity of Paris, Kentucky, To-wit: -margin of High street to the West' Ji margin of Pleasant street, SeventhSecond Street From the East Mar-' Street from the East margin of Highstreet to tne west iiuugm ut ricaoam.street, Eighth street from the Eastmargin of High street to the Westmargin of Pleasant street, Ninthstreet from the East Margin of Highstreet to the West margin ot Fleasgii of Uain Street to the WestXargin of JPleasant Street; FourthStreet Fjrom the East Margin ofuntil he enters into a contract andexecutes a bond as herein above provided for. and in the event of hisS failure to enter into said contract andexecute such bond the amount of saidcheck will be retained by the City ofParis, Kentucky, as liquidated damages for such failure.This ordinance will be in full forcefrom and after its passage, and publication, as required by law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J. W. Hayden, City Clerk.tr v oj j. x : x-l ttt j. -mm- ant Street, Tent-n street ironi me xiaai.Hifch Street to the West Margin of mi)rn nf Hie-h street to the WestPkasaat Street; Fifth Street Fromtke East 'Margin of High Street totke West Margin of Pleasantmnrprin nf Main Street. Jliievein.llstreet from the East margin of Highstreet fo the West margin ot Pleasantstreet, Twelfth street from the Eastmargin of High street to the West-nlr,r.-t4- otviiot TUilrtPPTltVlmargin ui ri"i oi.v--.., --"" iStreet; Sixth Street From the East street frcjm the East margin of Highstreet to the West margin t of MamMargin of High Street to the West street.I That said improvement shall beMargin of Pleasant Street; Seventh made according to the plans and spec--.'. ., , , ,r . f ifications adopted by the Board ofStreet From the East Margin of ( Council Qf the City of Paris', KenHigh Street to the West Margin of j tu5fat the cost of . improving saidKeasant Street; Eighth Street ' roadway shair be paid as follows, to-I wit:From the East Margin of - High The abutting property owners on.'either side of said streets shall payStreet to the West Margin of Pleas-j one-third of the costs of said street,land cost of all curbing and gutterant Street: Ninth Street From the ins- in front of their respective lots,, ,, . t. -. j. j. xt. ' and the remaining cost shall be paidEast Margin of High Street to the j by the City of Paris, Kentucky, "andWest Margin of Pleasant Street,Tenth Street from the East Marginof High Street to the West Marginof Main Street, Eleventh StreetFrom the East Margin of HighStreet to the West Marginof Pleasant-Street; Twelfth StreetFrom the East Margin of HighStreet to the West Margin of Pleasant Street Thirteenth StreetFrom the East Margin of HighStreet to the West Margin of MainStreet, and the Original Construction of Curbing and Guttering onBoth Sides thereof, at the Cost ofthe Abutting Property Owners andthe City of Paris, Kentucky, withVitrified Brick, Asphalt, Bitulithic,Wood Blocks, Bock Asphalt, Concrete Paving or Other Type of Paved Street and by the Constructionf tJurbing and Guttering on BothSides Thereof, Except Where theSame is Already Constructed inConformity With the Plans andSpecifications of the ProposedWork and Providing for thePayment of the Cost ThereofThe Width of Said Streets to be thein addition thereto the City of Paris,Kentucky, shall pay the entire cost ofthe improvement of intersectionswith other public ways, includingone-half of the width of the streetbeing improved opposite other streetsor alleys which run into but do notcross the street so being improved,and that portion of any street abutting on the property belonging to theCity; and shall pay the cost of allimprovements where the abuttingowner is a public school, cemetery,county, State or United States, Thecost of the-abutting property ownersshall be -apportioned and assessedupon the lots or parcels Of real estateabutting feet, and a tax snail oe levied upon such lots or parcels of realestate" for the payment of the costassessed thereon, which tax shall bedue and payable at the City Treasurer's office upon the completion ofthe wojik and the acceptance tnereotby the Board of Council, provided,however, that the portion assessedagainst the abutting property may bepaid on the ten-year payment plan -asprovided by law. 'Any such tax, which is not paidwithin thirty days after the .samekniac Hno anrt navable. unless theproperty owners shall have exercisedtheir option to pay for the same onthe ten-year payment plan, as aboveprovided, shall have added thereto apenalty of ten per cent of the amountof the tax; and there shall be a lienupon such lots or parcels of real estate for the part of the cost of saidimprovement so assessed thereon, andthe same shall bear interest at therate of 6 per annum from the timeof assessment until paid.This ordinance shall have two readings before the Board of Council, andten days shall intervene between thefirst and second readings. Upon thefinal adoption of this ordinance, theimprovement committee is directed toadvertise for bids for two consecutivei,. i iio unmrRON NEWS andw ccn.3 i v .-rnewspapers pud-Vnn ii Mr i n n -C t izen.- n . xi. m i. r lished in Bourbon County, Kentucky,Same as Between the Curbs flow t nfflpi!1i ibiications of the City offebting and to The Gxade Made EtTSfuSmaterials as herein provided.All bids must be in writing onblanks furnished by the City Engineer, and sealed and addressed to J.W. Hayden, Clerk of the City of, Paris, Kentucky, and each bid musthA ancomnanied by a certmeu uueu.aid Established by the Board ofCouncil and Shown With Bed Inkon the Engineer's Profile of SaidWork.BE IT ORDAINED, By the Mayorand Board of Council of the City ofParis, Kentucky, in regular meetingassembled at the City Hall, in theCity of Paris, Kentucky, that pursuant to resolutions heretofore adopted, to-wit:' On "Pp.hnnirv 9.G 1Q9ftand September 9, 1920, and duly published as required by law, the follower an amount eaual to ten per cent.of the total aggregate of the bid or abidder's bond in the penal sum of$2,500.00 conditioned that the successful bidder, within, fifteen days after the letting, will enter into awritten contract with the City ofParis, Kentucky, and execute a bondwith good and approved security conditioned for the faithful performanceof the contract.Go id Kids will he onened by tne'inv A ocnri Via3 ofnAn nn1 4-"r6 A . iru.7lc!li ."" iuui.i said bids will be opened oy mestreets m the City of Pans, Kentucky, B d of council at the regular meet-7V- w.v v.4tJ. vuuowuu- ing at tne UUy .nail, in x-aiia, acu-tioa of the road way thereof, with tnkv. on Thursday, May 12th, 1921,jntriea. bricK, asphalt, bitulithic,- IT 8 o'clock P m. ' -Sewer Letting!BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KY.,BOURBON COUNTY:Sealed propbsals will be receivedat the office of the Board of Councilin the City Building, until 8:00o'clock, p. m., May 12, 1921, to construct the following sewers and inthe manner prescribed in the ordinance covering said work:Ten-inch sanitary sewer in privateright-of-way from present trunksewer in Ravine at L. & N. R. R.culvert to Clifton Streef; an eightinch sanitary sewer in Clintonvillepike from point 50 feet east of theL. & N. R. R., to intersection of Clifton street; an eight inch sanitarysewer in Clifton street from the intersection of Clintonville pike to theintersection of Nineteenth Street; aneight-inch sanitary .sewer in Clifton street, from the intersectionof Nineteenth street; thence adistance of 700 feet north toa lateral sewer in privateright - of - way; an eight - inchsanitary sewer in Brent street fromthe intersection of Clintonville piketo the intersection of Nineteenthstreet; an eight-inch sanitary sewerin Brent street from the intersectionof Nineteenth street, thence for adistance of 740 feet north to a lateral sewer injjrivate right of way;an eight inch sanitary sewer inNineteenth street from the intersection of Clifton street to a point 140feet east from the center line ofMain street; an eight inch sanitarysewer in Nineteenth street from theintersection of Clifton street to apoint 140 feet east of Brent street;an eight inch sanitary sewer m Winchester pike from the intersectionnf T.ink avenue to the intersection otTenth street; an eight-inch sanitarysewer in Tenth street from tne intersection of Pleasant street to L. & N.Hpnnt thpnoe south and parallel tothe L. & N. depot to the intersectionof Winchester pike-; an eight mensanitary sewer in Parrish avenuefrom the intersection of Vine streetto the intersection of Link avenue;an eight inch sanitary sewer inVine street from the intersection ofParrish avenue to the intersection ofHarmon street; an eight inchsanitary sewer in Link avenue 100feet north and south of Parrish avenue; an eight inch sanitary sewer inHarmon street from intersection ofLink avenue to Vine street; aten inch sanitary sewer in Vinestreet from Duncan avenue to Parrishavenue.A certified check to the amount often (10) per cent, of the aggregatebid, or a bidder's bond in the penalsulm of Twenty-five Hundred Dollars($2,500.00) must be submitted withthe bid.The nature and extent of thebond required will be a guaranteefor a period of one year from andafter the acceptance of the work bythe Board of Council, that the workdone and the materials used thereinare free from defects and flaws andthat defects will be remedied by thecontractor and surety as required bysaid Board.The surety shall be a guaranteeor surety company authorized to dobusiness in the State of Kentucky.and approved by the Board of Council. . . ,Drawings and' specifications ot saidwork are on file in the office of theCity Engineer.The Board of Council reserves theright to reject any and all bids andflin 'the rieht to award contracts onany and all work to the lowest andbest bidder.Board of Council, City of Paris, Ky.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor,J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk..A. H. BOERNER, City Eng'r.and High street f rom the court houseto the north margin of Fourteenthstreet.A certified check to the amount often (10) per cent, of the' aggregatebid, or a bidder's bond in the penalsum of Twenty-five Hundred Dollars(2,500.00) must be .submittedwith the bid. The nature andextent 'of the bond required will hea, guarantee that the improvementwill require no repairs for a periodof five (5) years from and after theacceptance of the work by the Boardof Council; said guarantee shall notinclude any repairs made necessaryby any. cause or causes other thandefective work, or materials, orworkmanship in the construction ofthe improvement, but shall protectthe city of Paris from defects inajmount "equal to the penalty of thebond for a period of five years afterthe acceptance of the work by theBoard pt Council. The surety shallbe a guarantee or surety companyauthorized to do business in theState of Kentucky and approved bythe Board of Council.-Drawings and specifications of saidwork are on file in the office of .theCity Engineer.The Board of Council reserves theright to reject any and all bids andalso the right to award the contractson any and all work to the lowestpBoaid of Council, City of Paris, Ky.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor,J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.' A. H. BOERNER, City Eng'r.right to reject any and all bids and (also tne right to award contracts onany and all work to the lowest andbest bidder.Board of Council, City of Paris, Ky.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor,J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.A. H. BOERNER, City Eng'r.A USE SPRING TONICOrder a case of "Dixie," nothingbetter for a Spring tonic. A specialprice will be made, delivered to yourhome, if you biiy a case 3 dozenpint bottles.BONE DRY CAPE,Next to Dale's Restaurant.(22-4t)LostA green felt hat, size 7, with narrow fancy band. Was picked up bycolored man in front of Peoples-DepositBank, Wednesday morning.Return to H. M. Collins & Co. andavoid trouble.LostSomewhere in Paris on streets, orin Opera House or Y. M. C. A. u.leather bill-fold containing a sum ofmoney and calling cards. Finderwill be rewarded by returning toTHE A. J. WINTERS CO.(29apr-tf)jlllllllllllllllllMIIIHMflHlllMIMIHHReinforced ConcreteBox Culvert-woou PlQCks, rock asphalt, concrete, aii PPrfifipd checks accompanyinguring or other type of paved street, vidR must be made payable to c K.r-", w ""'' nv vvfw,- -d must be maae payaoie iu . ...i rr trio rnnerrtiptinn nr AiiVn nvu . . m j .t11 Vt"-""' ""- "tr ., w" v vxuo am Thomas, City Treasurer, aim wn ucutters on both sides thereof, except j retUrned to the unsuccessful bidderslNiere same is already in conform- immediately after the letting. TheMj with the plans and specifications check 0f the successful bidder, if helor the proposed work, to-wit: Sec-, fumies a check, will be ' retainedLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCESCHANGE IN TIMEEFFECTIVE MAY 1stTrains No. 39 and 40, "The Lexington Special' will rundaily including Sunday Northbound train for. Cincinnatileave Paris at 8 a. m. Southbound train for Lexington willleave Paris at 6:40 p. m. instead of 6:30 as at present.Train 32, "The Southland," for Cincinnati, will leaveParis at 6:56 p. m. instead of 7:48 as at present.Train 25 for Richmond and Stanford, except Sundays,will leave Paris at 6:42 p. m. instead of 6:32.Other changes in trains for Lexington will be made asfollows: Train 13 will leave at 11:00 a. m. instead of 11:12;Sunday train 209 at 6:55 p. m. instead of 6:15; Train 17, weekdays, at 7 p. m. instead of 7:46; Train 19 at 10:35 p. m inOad of 10:38. 'For further or detailed information, apply to Local TicketAgwstStreet Letting!BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KY.,BOURBON COUNTY:Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Board of Council inthe City Building, until 8:00 o'clock,p. m., May 12, 1921, to construct aReinforced Concrete Box Culvert atthe intersection of Vine street andParrish avenue.A certified check to the amount often (10) per cent, of the aggregatebid, or a bidder's bond in the penalsum of Twenty-five Hundred Dollars($2,500.00) must be submitted withthe bid.The nature and extent of the bondrequired will be a guarantee for aperiod of one year from and 'afterthe acceptance of the work by theBoard of Council, that the workdone and the materials used thereinare free from defects and flaws andthat defects will be" remedied by thecontractor and surety as required bysaid Board.The surety shall be a guarantee orsurety pompany authorized to do business in the State of Kentucky andapproved by the Board of Council.Drawings and specifications of-saidwork are' on file in the office of theCity Engineer.The Board of Council reserves the"The Pride of Paris"THF MOST BEAUTIFUL LINEofCharming VoilesSummery OrgandiesandFine Imported SwissesEver Shown in ParisA VARIETY OF PATTERNS AND COLORSTHAT WILL HARMONIZE WITH THEFANCIES AND IDEAS OF MY LADY'SSUMMER REQUIREMENTSUNUSUAL SHOWING OFDAINTY WAISTSANDSMART SKIRTSIN THE STYLE SHOP AT&PARIS, KENTUCKYiinmmniinnMiMiiMiuMnninnmimnfill " "" "" A "" "" " HfJlmHave You Heard?KMni Modern Improvements and Equipment are Now Ready to Serve lla Long relt Meed to Automobile Uwners andProspective BuyersThe New Home of theStudebaker is Ready iSome Feature,: .BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KY.,BOURBON COUNTY:Sealed proposals will ,.be receivedat the office of the Board of Council,in the City Building, until 8:00o'clock, p. m. May 12, 1921, to construct the streets hereinafter ,described and as covered by an ordinance authorizing said work,by the original construction ofthe roadways thereof, with Vitrified Block, Sheet Asphalt,Kentucky Rock Asphalt, AsphalticConcrete, Plain Concrete Paving, orother types of paved street:Second street from the east margin of Main street to the west margin of Pleasant street, Fourth streetfrom the east margin of High streetto the west margin of Pleasantstreet, Fifth street- from the eastmargin of High street to the westmargin of Pleasant street, Sixthstreet from the east jmargin of Highstreet to the west margin of Pleasantstreet, Seventh street from the eastmargin of High street to the westmargin of Pleasant street, Eighthstreet from the east margin of Highstreet to the west margin of Pleasant street, Ninth street from theeast margin of High street to wiewest margin of Pleasant street,Tenth street from the east marginof High street to the west margin oftvto,- ctrppt Eleventh street fromthe east margin of High street tothe west margin of Pleasant street,Twelfth street from the east marginof High street to the wast margin ofTHa.nt. street. Thirteenth street.i1AccessoriesClean. Convenient StoragePrompt, Efficient Repair workExpert. Economical Battery ServiceStandard Brands and Quality in alland SuppliesBest Car Wash in TownANYTHING-EVERYTHING-to Maintain the HighStandard of STUDEBAKER AUTOMOBILES.LocationTwo EntrancesFront 706 Main Street Rear 707 Pleasant StreetWhite Front GarageSERVICE IS OUR OTHER NAMECumb. Phone 320J. W. DAVIS, JR.Gtn. ManagtrHome Phone 436CHAS. B. DICKERSONStop FwmtuhiOWEN T. GIBSONMf r. Studtfciktr DptorfemmmmmmmMmimmzmmmmmmlI from the east margin of High street.J to the west margm or Mam streetc9 ..? -3r TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1921THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KSNTUCKfPAGE FETEf'.4vsw7eAFOR THE BESTMrkTtJ !"! " "FINDS LOST KINGSome time ago Mrs. Alice Warejmissed her diamond cluster ring,hich she thought hed been lost onthe streets somewhere. A tnorouasearch failed to reveal the whereabouts of the ring. Tuesday Mr-.Ware found the ring at her home,Trtiere it had -been misplaced. Thering was highly valued by Mrs.TCire because of old associations.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.of Paris, isEnright, inONE ON JEFFERSONHaving occasion recently to makea business trio to Maysville, GarrettJefferson, of Paris, mobilized hisFord car for the occasion. Hearing' theroads were rough between Parisand"1 Maysville he took along twosacks of cement to ballast his lightcar. Everything proceeded spnoothly until Maysville was reached.When Mr. Jefferson had- transactedhis business and came out to get hiscar he found someone had removedstituted two sacks of river sand andmis sana winMiss Mae Shannon 'was a recentguest of Mrs. Alois Peter, in Carlisle.Mrs. Jerre Keller,visiting Mrs. M. P.Richmond .Miss Rosina Elder has returned frojm a visit to Miss Pauline Rob-erst, m uyntmana. :"";"- "",Miss Elizabeth Rule has. return- ,"uJ?" ":,,; . umSt.n? taSiV2Ss: c-antd"yoAurdHifLweight than !uein Tvinaton . cement. And it did.CEMENT!HAVE JTJST UNLOADED PEESHCAR CEMENT. . mfx(22aPl-tf ) CHAS. S. BEENT & BRO.1 1PIGEONS FOE SALETO WILL HAVE ON S&E T0-IKendsoeedCLAY. COME JO Ap GET AChoice ASSOEmjT.MAEGOIgySjCEAf MAEKET.GASOLINE TANK ON COUNTYrSU TEUCK EXPLODESplosion of a gasoline tank . one,xtii" . jmotor trucks atof the county s x ly yesterdayin from Box 12. theorigfn of the hlaze is unknown.APPLE BUTTEE BAEGAINlf Tetargains will gogetter f & c0.-George D. Speakes and Ray Harris,r t?I ?eal estate firm of Harris,fJlV't and Harrylol sale. . . . , cold atville is building a new i htand double tracks Theftstown the size of Lojai.M TOMORROW.Pure Hog Lard (50-lbcan : 20cChuck Roast, per lb gMate Roast, per lbPrk Roast, per lbLwib Roast, per lbPicnic Hams, por lb glSUced Ham, per lb.. . . .MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKEToWOOL!WE ABE IN THE MARKET EOSWOOL HME PLENTY OF NEWS-trocHfBEEHT&BEO.Teams representing the Paris HighSchool and the Cynthiana HighSchool held a debate in the : P. H.S. auditorium Tuesday night at 1.6 Jo'clock. The subject ae""Resolved, That the United Statesshould have compulsory arbitrationof labor disputes."Paris High School, taking theaffirmative, was represented byHedgie Taylor, Elizabeth Deaver andFrances Kenney. Cynthiana. takingthe negative, was represented bySherleyBaskett, Ronald Pomdexterand Brent Hobaday The judgesawarded the victory to the Paristeam.WOOL WANTEDWE ABE ml5MAEXET TORWOOL CALL AND GET SACKS.E. B .HUTCHCKAFT & CO.(15-tf)oWE WANT YOUK EGOSmiss Anna .Lisle entertained alarge number of friends at her homein this city Wednesday night withmusic and dancing.i iuioo ahull j-tioixs ciiuci taiiieuj large number of friends at her homemusic and dancing.J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone Co.,is confined to his home on Houstonavenue, with a case of mumps.Dr. John K. Freeman, Mrs.Freeman, and John K. Freeman, Jr.,have returned to their home in Lou-AN EXTRA SPECIAL.AN EXTRA SPECIAL PRICE ONLADIES SILK LINED SUITS AT$19.75. .FRANK & CO.(22apr-2t)oHOME-COOKED DELICACIES TORSUNDAY DINNERWe will have on sale to-morrow(Saturday) a full and complete lineof home-cooked delicacies for yourlsvme, arier a visit to .raris relatives. 0f home-cooked delicacies tor yourMr. and Mrs. Arthur Thomason Sunday dinner, such as cakes, pies,and son, of Chicago, are guests of w k salad beaten biscuit etc.HighestWe can'tBring us your eggscash or trade price paid.buy too many. -(It) C. P- COOK & CO.-o-BOY'S LEG BROKENRuuing in front of an tomobiledriven bv James Day, WednesdayTnnminr whiip returning from scuooi.Mr. Thomason's parents, Mr. andMrs. Ben Thomason, and other relatives. Mrs. Carlton Ball, of near Paris,is with her parents, in St. Louis. Herfather, who was injured in an automobile accident, remains in a seriousv condition.- iMiss Ella Loomis, formerly ofParis, has -returned to Cynthianafrom Anadarko, Okla., and thetaken a position as bookkeeper forthe J. T. Reynolds Co.Miss Elizabeth Bush, of Winchester, who has been a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, following an operation for throattrouble, has returned to her home.Paris friends and relatives havereceived invitations issued by Mr3.J. Scott Renick, of Winchester, to areceptibn to be given Wednesday,May 4, to -meet her daughter, Mrs.Phelps Renick.Miss Goldie Holsclaw, who hasbeen a guest of Miss Madge Taylor,is a patient.at the St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where she underwent an operation for the removal of tonsils and adenoids, Wednesday.A Committee fiom the ParisCommercial Club will go to Cynthiana to-night as guest of the Cynthiana Business Men's Club. Thematter of putting two sets of buyerson the tobacco markets at Paris andCynthiana, next season will be discussed. ...The "Moonlight Dance" to oegiven at the Masonic Temple, tonight by the members of BourbonPost, American Legion, promises tobe one of the jmost enjoyable eventsof the season., The hours will befrom nine to two. Music for theonnoTo -win hp. furnished by' theAmerican Lesion Orchestra. A large !attendance is expected from surrounding towns.Mr and Mrs." John F. Wiggles-worth entertained at their home nearParis, in honor of Miss FrancesScott, teacher of the Escondidaschool. The evening was made enjoyable with music and games. Theguests were Misses Jennie and Florence Bramble, Bertha Fitzpatnck,Stella Downing, Helen Schandmg,Alma Ernest Hodge, Abe Bramble,George Schanding and Frank Kern.(Other Personals on Page 5)SPECIAL BARGAINS IN CANNEDPEACHES-rrr o,.q nfforinr-- whole can peaches,50-cent value, for 25 cents. Comea(io' C. P. COOK & CO.oEXHIBITION OP COMMUNITYHAND WORKThe North Middletown Mothers'Club, at the meeting held yesterdaywith Mrs. Magnus Rash, chairman,as hostess at her home on the Winchester pike, presented an exhibitionof community hand work. The feature of the program was an illustrated lecture given by Mrs. Anna Ernburg, of Berea. Mrs. Ernburg has aState-wide reputation and her beautiful coverelts, rugs and other handwoven articles were greatly admired The meeting was a success inevery detail. The attendance waslarger than usual, being, augmentedby the visit or Mrs. ruinuuis-FRESH FISH FOR TO-DAY.Nice fresh fi& received U-clayaid to-morrow. Remember wedress fish" free and deliver thempromptly.MARGOLES MEAT MARKET.RURAL MAIL TO BE WEIGHEDAii-rinv nervine. This home-cookedsale of fancy edibles will be heldevery Saturday. Special orders willbe filled at any time. CumberlandPhone 633.ELLIS TEA ROOM.EVERYTHING INPAINT LINEWe guarantee Johnson's Paints tov.o hA hisrheBt grade on the market.We carry a full line of these famouspaints; also a copipiete line oi vanishes, oils, brushes, etc. Everything in the paint line.(22-4t) VARDEN & SON.For SaleAhrens steam fire engine belonging to the City of Paris. A goodpumper for sale at a bargain if soldat once.JOS. NEWHALL,(It) At St. Charles Hotel.Extra Large TomatoPlants 25c Per Doz.These plants not on sale elsewhere332 West- Eighth Street one andhalf blocks from traction line.(26apr-tf) JOE LAVIN.SHBfimmmux9MXMimmmmmmTheOn Both Sides of the StreetThis meansUnderwear.that it is time for Straw Hats, LightSilk Shirts, Etc. and they are all hereA Timely Silk ShirtBroadcloth and CrepeIn New ColorsS5Union Suits75c to $1.85Straw Hats$3.00 to $6.50Shoes and Oxfords$4.00 to $10.00iWVA SPECIAL SALE ONPRESERVESThis week only. These areall Monarch Brand Preserves. Strawberry Preserves65c value 50c80c value. 65cPeach Preserves65c value 45cRedRaspberryPreserves55c value ' 40c65c value 50cLogan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179Clothes For the Working ManOveralls, Khaki Paijts, Uniooalls, Work Shirts andShoes all reasonably priced.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home" Call Our Store "Home"tS c r ...-..-,.,. ,..i.-j.LM..JtniHMittMttMflMTifmnctfl,. t Walter Payne hasmorning while returning irom oul d instructions from the PostEugene Adams, eigM-year-old son ot. lewnea WashingtoI1 tor , T7-iiov A darns. wajur. ana lvirs. jw - .knocked down and run l over by themachine, his right leg being broken.He was picked up and taken to theoffice of Dr. J. M. .llhnfrom there to the Massie MemorialHospital, where his injury was givenattention. , a..According to Mr. Day and eyewitnesses young Adams jumped suddenly from the tail end of a wagonand ran directly across the patn otthe auto, which was coming at aslow speed. Mr. Day put on theemergency brake as soon as he mUjsrssrt-silnose WhO Wliuesacu "absolve Mr. Day from blame, stating the accident was cleaily unavoidable,leceiveu iubuui.uuo .w.office Department at Washington tothe effect tnat, dbbi uums - -and continuing through the month,in addition to weighing the regularmail all mail handled by rural carriers at the Paris office is to beweighed. An exact record by classesand totals of the number of pieces,and of the weight and postage onmall delivered and collected by eacncarrier, except tne P"- "tVyond class matter, must be kept byeach carrier and turned in at theend of the month. , . rt,ThUe entries are to include onlT.hese.," 1 , nnl1 collected fromman aaarebbeu w ""-r".ii nf inilUU Wl v, ---Right nowat the firstof May yourthoughts mayrun to lighterhead wear. 'We suggestStraw Hatsand at thesame timepresent anexceptionalshowing ofthe stylesthat you willsee well dressed1'men wear tillnext September.$4 to $10.IdealFireless CookersWEWAKTYOTTREGGSBring u your egs-caisV nr trade uriCS PiC-HighestWe can'tSSS mail tor tatemediate offices orSop routes, and anoyances are notto be made tor posut5 - roclass matter, and allowances arenot to be made for postage on franked matter.Fire, Wmd'and Lightwag huwr-i 1 ft I m w ' "I lVVIf it comesfrom.DeAisHi3 ridhtSSSSSSSZ 9riaLELaLaLamr IntLtuu 4HHaP PflilKFRftv 1 HPSCS&I SKSfIdeal Fireless Cookers Cook Better than a Stove andSave Fuel.BEST OF ALL Ideal Fireless Cookers Cook YourFood Better and Save a Lot of Work and Worry.Buy Your Ideal Fireless Cooker Today!THE J. T HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 ' " PARIS, KENTUCKYj SIXTH AND MAWMotor Hearse Motor invalid Coach Undertaking3vbay too many. J t(It) C. P. COOK &THOMAS, WOODFORD YANflCO.Jt tVHI BOBBBON MBWS, EAHS, DWTOC1TTUESDAY, AKIL 21, 1S21r&'Holl Catarrh MedietasTkoM who are in a. 'run down" condl4mtk mM BOtice that Catarrh bothersVt&m much more than when they are inhealth. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is creatlyJgjfJMgnoed by constitutional conditionsHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE sim aesOe and Blood Purifier, and acts throughtbe Mood upom the mucous surfaces oftfc body, thus reducing the inflammationsad restoring normal conditio.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney Jb Co., Toledo, Ohio.GOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed Mills. I willaell direct from the mine to the'consumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestiire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50Heating Stove CoaL. .$5.50SWEAR OFFTOBACCO"No-To-Bac" has Helped thousandsto break the costly, nerve-shatteringtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigarette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be comDletelv broken, and you are betteroff' mentally, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. Get a box ofNo-To-Bac and if it doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without Question.KENTUCKIAN TO BE CONSUL ATAmong the changes in the consular service announced by the StateDepartment were transfers of twoKentuckians, Wesley . Frost, of Kentucky, now detailed to be consul atMarseilles and James M. Hill, of Kentucky, now vice-consul and clerk atPrince Rupert, will be vice consuland clerk at Kingston, Ontario,Canada. The consular post at Marseilles was once filled by anotherKentuckian, Hon. Claude M. Thomas,of Paris.An imitation wool for filling mattresses and pillows is being madefrom cork in Spain.Before teakwood is fit for usethorough seasoning and drying reessential.WOMEN VOTERS LEAGUE TOMEET MAY 7.Postponement to May 7 of a meeting of the State League of WomenVoters, planned for Thursday afternoon, in Louisville, was announcedbecause, it was 'explained, leadersfeared that notice of the originalmeeting date had been given too lateto make possible a large attendanceof women from all parts of the State.The meeting is to be in the natureof a State convention of the league.Invitations will be mailed to allleague members in the State. Decision to call the jmeeting resultedfrom a conference of State leaders.COVINGTON WOMANHIGHLY ELATEDSavs a Number of Her Priends TookTanlac After Seeing Wonderful Good It Did HerW.J. HOWARDMiner and Shipper of CoalEast Bernstedt and Paris, Ky.Home Phone 163Renew your healthby purifying yoursystem withThe importation of silencers forfirearms into Australia has been prohibited.The Mafia originated in Sicily inthe Middle Ages.PAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.The Best Goods at theBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.VARDEN I SDKDruggists Both PhonesQuick and delightful relief for biliousness, colds,constipation, headaches,and stomach, liver andblood troubles.The genuine are soldonly in 35c packages.Avoid imitatie-s.jF-JeMrL P7v3aVPILES!If you arc a sufferer with piles, hemorrhoids, blind or bleeding, you will get relieffrom the first application of Unele Pete.Remedy (salve) for piles and fistula. Perfectly soothing; does not smart. $1.00 bymail, prepaid.iDiiWaddell'sI Pile RemedyFtfe &----- IVM.U L-. fm, .1. f -.1fca ntil jtm kare tried Dr. WaddelTal fleRaaMdj. Abaolately fcai !! Gnar-fraaaed fte give abaoma eatutacboa orMCtt7 refunded. $1.50 per botU at yourIf sot write a.S. P. O'LEE, Sill MuiBfacturir,(apr29-13tF)Nichilasviili, Ky.R-mtttfiHeS21CBHaVaSaVHanvtnKflaHaMHHHBQMecficuieCoJISmtftsOroVaKyJGrain feed builds only part ofthe chick, which makes scrawny,sickly.bad-feathered poultry laterSIMCO OATMEAL BUTTER.MILK CHICK MASH supplies nourishment not found in grain, such asbuttermilk, sweet wholesome meat,pulverized peanut kernels and a largevariety of other ingredients, all for a purpose in making plump, full-breasted, full-feathered, strong, healthy poultry, in condition to ward off fatal diseases It coststo use Simco. You raise more and better chicks. Save a month in developing.IF YOUR NEAREST DEALER DOES NOTHAVE SIMCO, refuse a substitute and write usind We will supply you freight paid to your station.Address THE SIMMONS MILLING CO.,Simco Btdg ,1 to 15 W. Water St., Cincinnati, O.Write for free booklet "About Feeding"(apr29-13tP)JANE ALDEN SHOPS WITH YOU OR FOR YOU!f" 18 6 3 . yj S3. 9 2 1 . . .ty m & AaVBaVBaA. BwBV U ,-. ...-h i$.yt-w- ' J7 aaVaiY Baalw '" "APRIL 3 0TH xlHB TiJiSTH j, t r- ', r X !J - -POGUE'S 58TH ANNIVERSARY SALEI'it .f jif:58 years of faidiful service and Unexcelled value giving havemade the Pogue store thousands of friends among discriminating people. Lower prices and exceptional "conditions make itpossible to feature the greatest values we have ever offered,EXCEPTIONAL OFFERINGS IN WOMEN'S AND MISSES'itSUETS.BLOUSESUNDERWEARWRAPSMILLINERY.ACCESSORIES.BiiCHILDREN'S APPAREL1fi:-. ift: ifel2FURNITUREHOUSE FURNISHINGSBOYS' AND MEN'S CLOTHINGRUGS'CHINAG1ASSWARB. DRESSESSHOESNEGLIGEESYARD GOODSDRAPERIESSILVERWAREMEN'S FURNISHINGSrV,VH11THE H. & S. POGUE CO.FOURTH AT RACECINCINNATI, OHIO"If you could talk to everybodysuffering as I suffered I'd certainlytell them to take Tanlac, for it hasrelieved jme of troubles that made lifemiserable for six long years," saidMrs. Margaret Hutchings, of 511Bakewell street, Covington, Ky."About six years ago my back,limbs and joints got to hurting me,and I gradually got worse until I hadto use a stick in getting about thehouse. Nearlyv two years ago mystomach became disordered andwhatever I ate pained me for hoursand much of the time I was badlybloated."The pains in my back. got so badI could hardly stoop in doing myhousework and I just suffered all theti,me. Finally I got so weak andnervous and had such bad dizzy spellsI had to give up my housework altogether. "At night I got no sound sleep andfrequently felt worse in the morningthan when I went to bed. I sufferedtortures from cramps and pains allover my body and rapidly went downhill. I was so bad off I feared I'dnever be well again."As I had tried so many thingswithout getting any relief my husband insisted I should try Tanlac.By the time I had finished my secondbottle I was fast getting better. Ihave just finished my tenth bottleand have no more aches and painsand am no longer troubled in anyway. I a;n so delighted with Tanlac I've put my little girl to usingit as a tonic and persuaded a numberof my neighbors to take it." (adv)WOMAN, 'DEAD AT 106, WORKEDALL LIFE, Mrs. Fannie Lemaster, the oldestresident of Magoffin county, and possibly of all Eastern Kentucky, diedat her home at Falcon at the age of106 years. She could sew withoutthe use of glasses and maintained allher faculties until her death. Shehad always worked and was in thehabit of doing her work without fretting. She had never missed a meal ortaken a dose of medicine during herlong life until the day before death.She had always been a devoted member of the United Baptist church,being a mejmber of the church at thehead of the State Road Fork.Escape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never 'spokenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature givqs strength andsupport where, the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen and hips.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."I Priced from $2 to $ioI FRANK & CO.mYOU don't use as muchof Calumet as you do ofmost other Baking Powders.It has more than ordinaryleavening strength. Yousave about half.You don'tpay a bigprice forCalumet It's sold at amoderate price that represents another saving.You don't feel uncertain asto results. Bakings neverfail because Calumet aerer fallsbelow the proven standard of 13estby Test"- J&Hlfrlllllllnlilf HlnliUlllHllaMu 1 mssISm Ss saaBaBBil Hiilll lllllllll II III IlillJ lsVk99Bfl9saTBB1 lili?l Ill BKISSB WmmKMllillllnfml IIIIbbSBbBBYtCinIII llllllllllll I II llllll llllllll I III) llllllll tl UsasVBaBSalBBaBBaBaBaRiiI IK flPI ILri III II flul lllllllllllllllllllllllMIIIt possesses the highest quality ever put into a BakingPowder. Contains only suchingredients as have been officially endorsed by United StatesFood Authorities.For weeks, for months, itkeeps as fresh and full ofstrength as the day it left theCalumet Factories; the World'sLargest, most Sanitary and ModernBaking Powder plants. ,It is important that you use onlystraight wheat flour (not seTFrisingflour) and pure baking powder ifyou wish to obtain the gluten demanded by sound Health'-ICttaSMt-HGoldCaks JReap !Yolks of 8 eggi'1$ cups of granulated sugar, ,cup of water, y2cup of butter,2J2 cups pastryflour, 3 level teaspoons CalumetBaking Powder,1 tablespoon ofvanilla. Then.mix in the regater way.HMfcMf.' IEAGLE "MIKADO"-Pencil No. 174For Sale at your Dealer Made in five rdASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)a j :OUR courteouscharacter hasmade this organization famous. Our expert knowledge of allthe details of our profession meets with theapproval of everyone.Our reputation forfair dealing is ourclients' protection. 'qeiiiiiiMmiif,iriggjEX 3 , 1 MMS )HUMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.Wt haw a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other toysleft ovtr from the holidays.Let Us Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. Plays.Any Record.T. W. SPICERMAIN. STREET OPP. COURT HOUSEIr JfP(-iltlIt 'MliTUESDAY, APRIL 2t, 1M1iiimmiiiiiiiiimiiins.p.mohneyChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISMnniiiiniiiniiniiMFOR SALE7Pa$senger Studebaker Auto1 Chevrolet Roadster. Newly painted. In fine conditoin. At a BIG BARGAIN.What have you to exchange?WVEEHMEKT PLANS LEAFCKADE STUDYThe Bureau of Markets of the Department of Agriculture, at Washington, is arranging to have investigations conducted in each of the important tobacco growing sections of thecountry as a step toward laying thegroundwork for drawing up Federalgrades for tobacco. The work is expected to cover finally every type oftobacco grown in the United Statesand is expected to lead to the establishment of grades affecting each oftnem. .Kentucky and all other tobacco growing States will be includedin the invitations.TBI BOURBON NIWB, PAM8. HMTDGKY --IL111 1 M aamamaa L.9 i "'r TT?3A Big Stock off Furniture anililiuMhtli Cufe at Sic on theDollar and LessmBEE 6AHGAINEFRED WECKESSER, Prop.Comer Second and Main Sts.Paris, Ky.(aprill2-8t)A Popular PlaceTo EatSpecial DinnersEvery Day and Especiallybunday, Both Noon and at SixO'clock.onSpecial Rates Bythe Week for Regular BoardersA nice home place home cooking and home treatment.THE ELLIS TEAROOMOpposite Court House,aifDernier- Wanted in Your City!.Briscoe Motor CarsRmtaJ $15. at Faetwy f SlSZS -S15l at FactanrFIVE BODY STYLESKeystone Motors Co., Inc.4)34 S. 3rd Street, Louisville, Ky.Alsm 1003 Rmc9 Strt, Cincinnati, Ohim.THBEE" UNABLEAPPOINTEESSomething seems to be wrong withthe patronage dispensers for the Stateof Kentucky. They don't seem 'toknow just what they want, or elsethey are not able to agree with eachother upon what they do want. Atany rate, the Republican office-seekersfrom State are not getting anywhere, while Republicans in otherStates are already on the payroll andperforming the duties of their newoffices because the organization wasready to recopnmend them.It has been six weeks since a Republican President took charge of theGovernment, and not a Democrat inKentucky holding office has been displaced by a Republican. That is notso bad for the Democrats, but it mustbe very tantalizing to the Republicans who fought with Hert and Morrow and Ernst to see weeks lengthening into months without a crumbfrom the Federal Board to appeasetheir hunger for office or a nickelfrom the Federal Treasury to satisfytheir cravings for salary.oHEALTH OFFICER ADVISESSTRENUOUS MEASURESwat the fly and smash in thenose the man whot coughs in yourface, is the order jr. John Dill Robertson, health commissioner, of Chicago, gave his inspectors in connection with the beginning of "healthpromotion week.""Coughing and expectorating," Dr.Robertson said, "are among the commonest spreaders of disease gerpns. Aman is murdered and the town is inan uproar. Ten people are buriedafter suffering from pneumonia andnobody expresses indignation. "If aman coughs in your face or sneezes atyou, hit him a smash in the nose."You will probably be arrested.Tell 'the judge you were defendingyourself against the pneumonia germ.If he fines you, I'll pay it."-oNearly 40,000 patents have beengranted in the United States for carriages and wagons.par29-4t)F)People for whom theBestIs None Too GoodAre always the most enthusiastic concerningthe excellence of ourDry Cleaning andDyeingWe have one of the most efficientRemodeling Departmentsin .the country. Fort transformed in, themode very quickly. Men's and womea'sgarmens altered in any way desired.We dye fur skins and remodel them -inany way.We taller make men's orladies' suits, $50.00 up. Latest styles. We pay $2.50 railroad fare on every custommade suit ordered from us.Sead goods parcel post. We have ao agentsiLTHE TEASDALE CO.25-t27 Walnut Street 'Cincinnati, Ohio(aprl-5t-F)More Price Reductions byHarvester CompanyEntire Line of ImplementsNow at Lower PricesV&mfyHSnIn view of the recent reduction in the price ofsteel, we now announce lower prices for our entireline of farm machines and implements not coveredby reductions previously announced.All lower prices take effect at onceThe reduction in the price of steel comes after allthe material for the machines and implements wewill sell this year has been provided, and will therefore have no bearing on the manufacturing costs ofsuch machines. However, it does enable the Company to buy materials at lower prices for futuremanufacture, jand in accordance with our announced policy we now quote those .prices, theCompany taking the loss on machines already finished and materials on hand.Full information regarding bur lower prices onbinders,mowers, and all other harvesting, haying andcorn machines, tillage implements, tractors, engines,and all other I H C farm machines can be obtainedfrom any International Dealer.INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANYCHICAGO SS ' USA.92 &mnch Hmuc mni 15,000 TUaUn in At VnkUSimim:Some FA CTS About!J?7ec6THE UNIVERSAL CARTheyHere are authentic fio-iirps fmm fiio iwi -Po,T tv-:!tZ S ihTa??any J? d cars an2 tme have n built each monththe United States maDy bem SW t0 retail customer8foJANUARYFEBRUARYMARCHProduced29,88335,30S61,886Delivered toRetail Customers57,20863,60387,221Total Production 127,074 Total Retail Sales 208.032showing that actual sales for the first three months of 1921 exceededduction by 80,958 Ford cars'and trucks!pro-April requisitions already specify 107,719 additional cars and trucksand the estimated April output of the factory and assembling plants combined calls for only 90,000!These facts clearly show that the demand for Ford products is growing much faster than manufacturing facilities to produce and were it nottor the dealers' limited stocks, which are now being rapidly depletedmany more customers would have been compelled to wait for their cars.It will be-only a matter of weeks, therefore, until a big surplus of orderswill prevent anything like prompt deliveries.If you would be sure of having your Ford car or truck when you wantit. you should place your order now. Don't delay. Phone us or drop usa card.uzugalesHEALTH RESTORED"My horse was in such run downcondition, I thought he would die.After feeding him Dr. LeGear'sStock Powders, he is as well as everand is now as good looking a horseas there is in this section." J. C.Huste, Rockbridge Baths, Va.Dr. LeGear's Stock Powders buildup the body, vitality and muscularenergy of your horses and mules, insure more meat with less feed, fromyour hogs, sheep and cattle, and helpyour cows produce more and richermilk.Mr. Huste's small expenditure saved him the price of a horse. Dr. LeGear can also help you. For 28 yearsas a Veterinary Surgeon and ExpertPoultry Breeder he has devoted himself to the compounding of remediesfor ailments of stock and poultry.Whenever you have an ailmentamong your stock or poultry get theproper Dr. LeGear Remedy from yourdealer. It must satisfy yon, or yourmoney will be refunded,(adv)oMore than 43 per cent, of theworld's sailing tonnage is owned bythe United States.A WELL-FED HENmeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and notecarefully the result TheScratch Feed keeps the hensbusy working after the grainThe egg Mash provides theibodies with food necessaryto a large egg yield.L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHutchcraf t Elevator, Pleasant StreetCumberland Phone 1028Kagfe 9. 3 ) i BmW kThere are 3,700 coal mines in theBritish Isles.GRINNELL'S,d""Dry CleaningEstablishment isAlways busy forThe simple reasonThat they do goodWork, please theirCustomers, are courteousAnd guaranteeSATISFACTIONDon't forget that lastSpring's suit canBe made as good asNew if you will .- -Just letGRINNELLHave a shot at it.Ladies' delicate - . ,waists and dresses canv Be made to look likeNew if you will only. LetGRINNELLHave a chance to proveThat it can beDone, and done in- A manner that willPlease you atGrinnell's Dry Cleaning Shop.Home Phone 278 ; E. T. 793(12prillmo)X.JIfftCoffee.-c,don't agreeDRINKPOSTUN"Thcre'aReafon(afilOlifj nsranflI IMHH HI ?-.' "Mjj -Bourbon News Advertisers Get RetakeviTUBiDAY, APRIL 1, ltllmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYrJ 'MILLERSBURGIDEATHS.1'Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Strode havereturned, from Florida, where theysent the winter.Mrs. Bessie G. Caldwell has re-!turned after a several weeks visittq her son, J. M. Caldwell, and family, at Paris.Miss Margurite Clarke is visiting friends in Millersburg; havingjust returned from Florida, whereshe spent. the winter.T.TillT,eHiiTcr -will Tiqtto nno rP" "-" "" ""'V, V ,tne uounty isormai scnoois, wnicn isto he conducted in a number of-unties in Kentucky this summer.The. school will probably open Juneand continue five weeks, teaching six days in the week, whichwill make a six-weeks' course.. The Presbyterial Auxiliary of jthe Ebenezer Presbytery was in session here Tuesday and Wednesday.About forty delegates were present.There was a business meeting Tuesday afternoon, and Tuesday nightthere were two addresses by Mr.Grafton, a missionary from China,and Mr. Errickson, of the Phelps jSchool. Wednesday the regular routine of business was taken up, themeeting continuing during the day.A delightful lunch was served atnoon.At the last service of the protracted meeting Sunday night at theMethodist church the large auditorium and lecture room was morethan full, some were compelled tostand. There were one hundredand eighteen conversions, some ofthem being reclaimed, and fifty-two'who took membership to the variouschurches. In the Sunday school contest which has been in progress for.the past two weeks the Bible wasawarded to the Baptist SundaySchool, they having made a gain ofone hundred and sixty-three percent. Our people were well pleasedwith the work of these evangelists.Our community was shockedMonday jmorning when it was learnedthat Mrs. S. C. Bascom, who hadnndergone an operation at the Norton Infirmary at Louisville on lastFriday, was in a critical condition,Dr. C. B. Smith and her littledaughter, Miss Sue Bascom, werecalled to her bedside Sunday. Herhusband, Mr. S. C. Bascom, hadbeen with her since the operation.Late Sunday evening her .brother,Mr. M. C. Grimes, received a telegram to the effect that her condition was critical. Mr. Grimes started for Louisville early Mondaymorning, but did not arrive theremntil after her death. Mrs. Bascomhas been a patient sufferer for several months. The early part of lastweek she consented to an operationwhich she was advised by physiciansto have had piade a year ago. OnThursday she was taken to NortonInfirmary, Louisville, by her husTnd. accompanied by her physician,Dr. C. B. Smith. The operation tookplace Friday morning. She did notimprove from the operation, and onSunday began sinking rapidly, dying at 6:10 a. m.Mrs. Bascom was formerly MissXula Grimes, oldest daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. A. Grimes, and wasone of sir children, her parents having died several years ago. She issurvived T)y one sister, Mrst HalphMiller of Cincinnati, four brothers,Tr. J. A. Grimes, of Wisconsin,William Grimes, of Atlanta, Ga., J.H and M. G. Grimes, of MillersTjiirg. When quite a young womanshe was united in marriage to Mr. S.C Bascom, of Owingsville, wherethey resided for a short time. Afterthis Mr. Bascom purchased thefarm of the late J. H. Hamilton,where they resided for a few years.They then moved to Millersburg,where thev have resided for the pastten years. She was a graduate ofthe M. F. C. and a devout memberof the Christian church, and one ofthe most ardent supporters of thenew Millersburg Graded School.A short funeral service was conducted at the home Wednesday at10:00 a. m., by her pastor, Elder W,J. Slater, after which the remainswere taken to Owingsville, wherethey were laid to rest on the Bascomfamily lot in the Owingsville Cemetery The floral tributes were numerous and beautiful, which attestedthe high esteem in which the deceased was 'held, by her faniliy andrelatives.. -oPOLITICAL CONTROL DANGEROUSWith one ear open to the industrial demands of the country, anianother listening to the clamor of-the rural communities for an electric service on the farms that willapproach the general use of the telephones, electrical engineers have estimated that it will take four millionof dollars to satisfy the public demands for electric development inthe next four year. If this amountof capital shell be enlisted into theregulatory bodies the investingpublic will feel secure in its incomeand capital return.. ROGERS.Mrs. Nettie Gaitskill Rogers,widow of the late Harvey A. Rogerj,died at her country home nearNorth Middletown, of a complicationof diseases. Mrs. Rogers was formerly Miss 'Nettie Gaitskill, daughterof the late Mr. and Mrs. John Gaitskill. Her husband, who was abrother of Warren Rogers .and LouisRogers, of Bourbon county, died,about two years ago. She is survived by two children, Mrs. Lee Wainscott, of Winchester, and Frank Rogers The funeral was held at fhe familyhome, Tuesday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. P. G. Lister, of Floyd, Va., assisted by Rev.Frank M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthMiddletown Christian church. Theburial followed on the family lot mthe North Middletown Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Asa Dooley,Eli Z. Dooley, Robert L. Bratton, N.P. Gay, Henry S. Caywood, John W.Jones. Honorary pall-bearers wereJohn T. Collins, W. W. Gay, "JohnS. Talbott, Chas. S. Meng, W. S.Jones, Judge J. M. Benton, T. J. Judy,Judge Lee Evans.iC7MM7y9E I 11ANDI2:OOto 5:3oGIFFORD.Mrs. Allie J. Gifford, agedeighty-one, died at her home nearCynthiana, after an illness of fiveweeks, due to the infirmities of age.She had been three times married,and is survived by four children,one of whom, Mrs. John Traylor, resides near Ruddles Mills, twol sistersand one brother. She was a I evertedmember of the Baptist Church.The funeral and burial took placeTuesday afternoon, with servicesconducted by Rev. S. H. Burgess.oA TRIBUTEThe Georgetown Times of last week.published the following at the headof the papers editorial column:"The press lost a genuine, old-timereporter and the world a splendidold-fashioned gentleman when Sherman Stivers, of Paris, died Monday."i oMATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Wednesday toWalter Snapp, 25, and Byra Green,35, both of Barterville, Nicholascounty.HADDEN CROOKSHarry Crooks, thirty-one, ofOwingsville, and Miss Margaret E.Hadden, twenty-three, .of Mt. Sterling, motored to Paris, Wednesdayafternoon, and secured a marriagelicense from the office of "CountyClerk Pearce Paton. They weremarried later in the afternoon atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theChristian church, the ceremony being witnessed by Harry O. James, ofParis.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Crooks left for a honeymoon trip toLouisville, where they will be guestsfor several days of friends and relatives. On their return they will beat home to their friends at the homeof the groom. The groom is a substantial young business man of Owingsville, and his bride a handsomeand very attractive young woman,and is a popular member of Mt.Sterling society circles.oTO REBUILD BUTTON FACTORY.Adolf Bordenson, of the New Jecsey Button Co., Newark, N. J., hasdecided to rebuild the button factoryat Dover, the citizens of that placedonating an acre of ground near thedepot on which the factory is to bebe erected.The proposed factory building is tbbe 35x125 feet, with a storage roomof 40x60 feet in the rear of thebuilding. The factory is to be ofbrick and concrete ind as near fireproof as possible. It is the intentionof Mr. Bordenson to employ 60 people as soon as the new building Iscompleted. Temporary quarters in awarehouse belonging to Elgin Andeison will -be used until the permanent factory is finished.LEARN TO CONCENTRATE YOURMIND.TO-DAY, FRIDAYHerbert RawlingsonIN"A DangerousAffair"With an all-star cast, melding Florence Billings and Stuart Holmes. 'Also JOE RYANin "THE PURPLE RIDERS"and the Vanity Fair Maidsin "Prince Pistachio"Tomorrow, Saturday"The Blue PearFWith a De Luxe CastHeaded ByEdith Hallor Fair Binneyand Florence Billings'A fashionable affair in a New Yorkmansion a few seconds of darknessapriceless gem stolen. "See "The BluePearl" and watch a master detective unmask the criminal.In Addition:George Bunnyin "At It Again"( (OPERA HousnX I 17:00 to 1 0:30Monday, May 2ndSamuel Goldwyn. and Rex BeackPresent"It's a Great life"Adaptedfrom the famous story, "EmpireBuilders"By Mary Roberfs RtineheartYou're going to laugh!Mary Roberts . Rhinphnrf: lua nowritten a funnier storv than thi foHh-ful chapter in the" ad venturous lives of acouple of schoolboys.A fast movine rrmipdv with art nrioi-nal theme and a wonderful cast of players.ALOCentury Comedy'Tnppy Love"and Pathe ReviewAdmission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 2fcGreggls Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningRELIGIOUS.At a recent meeting of the C. E.Society of the Presbyterian churchthe following officers were electedfor the year beginning May 1, 1921:President, W. B. Collier; Vice-President,Miss Lula Lytle; Secretary,Miss Margery Trisler; Treasurer,Owen L. Davis;. Coleman Williams,Miss Lula Lytle," Miss Virginia Cahal, Miss Margery Trisler and OwenL. Davis will represent the societyat the State Convention which meetsat Ashland, May 6, 7, 8. Thevsubject for the meeting next Sundayevening is "The Kingdom in MyCounty." Leader, Miss Willie Fisher.At a called meeting of the Boardof Officers of the Paris Christian,church, held in the church parlors,final arrangements were made forthe revival meeting, which will begin on Sunday, May 15. The' pastor.Rev. W. E. Ellis, will be assisted byRev. Dr. Jesse R. Kellums, who hasa national reputation as an evangelist. Rev. Kellums will have withhim two special singers, who copuQhighly recommended, and no doubtwill add much to the effectivenessof this meeting.The protracted meeting whichhas been in prograss at the Baptistchurch, closed Sunday night with ;itotal of 118 additions to the congregation, instead of eighty-five as previously reported. Monday night therite of baptism was administered loa large number of converts. SinceRev. Fox became pastor of the churchsixteen months ago, there have been314 additions, making a grand totalof 844 added to the congregation.The recent revival was one that (that greatly strengthened the churchspiritually and was the means of inciting greater interest in church,matters. Song leader Schofield, whoconducted the song service, returnedto his home Tuesday.STATE OPTOMETRISTS TAKE EXAMINATION FOR LICENSEThe State Board of Health, underthe new druggist practice act, heldthe first examination of men wishingto practice as optometrists in Kentucky. Sixteen men from practicallyall parts of the State took the examination. The law provides for the issuanceof licenses to men who had practicedas optometrists' for years providedtnat they applied for their licenseswithin a limited time. Several optometrists who negletced to make application took the examination. Therest of the class was composed ofmen just out of school.The examination was conducted bythe assistant examiners, Dr. R. M.Kendell, chairman, Louisville; Dr.Arnott S. Hendrix, Lexington, andDr. Fred A. Pieper, Covington.Avoid Operations!Gallstone, Stomach, Liver, Kidney,Bladder and Rheumatism sufferers,Jierc is why Stevens Gallstone andStomach Remedy, the King and Master of chronic diseases, guarantee apositive relief for Gallstones or mony back. Unexcelled for Liver,Stomach, Kidney, Bladder and Rheumatism. A trial will convince you.SoM by the following: R. S. Darn. mlf Clintonville, Ky.; M. Goodman,11, t Hutchison, Ky.; H. S. Ritchie,Hutchison, Ky.; Tom Anton, Mt.Sterling, Ky., R. F. D. No. 3, A. S.Trimble, Druggist, North Middletown, Ky.; Varden & Son, Paris, Ky.Skipped any where in, United Statesupon receipt of $1.56, where yourDruggist cannot furnish you.STETENS REMEDY CO..Morehead, Ky.(29apr-6t)Concentration of mind is largely aresult of necessity and practice.Some mentalities can, of course, fixthemselves on a certain subject undisturbed by surrounding conditionsmuch easier than : others, but thehabit can be and is readily acquired.Stenographers must have it or theycould not take dictation correctly.Persons proficient in this art withdraw themselves from consciousnessof other sounds than the voice of thespeaker whejm they are reporting.Perhaps there is no more intense orwearing mental application than thatof a shorthand reporter of a publicaddress of any length, especially ifcomplete verbal accuracy is required.Attention must not falter for an instant. Officer stenographers are notusually put to severe and prolongedtests, but the "taking" of letters permits no wandering of the mind.nRUBBISH AND LITTERAll refuse should be kept in mental containers and removed at frequent intervals. Accumulations ofrubbish are always dangerous, sincethey provide convenient fuel for thechanee spark, and when there is oilymatter present, there is the additional likelihood of spontaneous combustion. Such piles are also, a menace to health.CHRISTIAN CHURCHThere will be regular service,both morning and evening, at theChristian Church, Sunday, May 1.At the morning hour, 10:45 a. m.Rev. W. E. Ellis will take as hipsubject, "The. Wages of Sin IsDeath." The slogan of our schoolfor "Go-To-Sunday-School Day" ihfive hundred or more. Classes beginpromptly at 9:30 a. m. uome anabring some one with you.On Friday evening, May 13, MisSIrene Carter will give an organ recital at the church. Miss Carter isa very talented musician and isamember of the faculty of the Collegeof Music at Cincinnati. There winbe no admission charges. Every onewelcome and most cordially invitedto attend.Don't forget the revival meetingwhich will begin Sunday, May la.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHDuring the month of May therewill be the regular spring rally.The aim of each of the members willbe to jmake each service of thechurch during this month the bestthat they have ever been. An attractive series of services has beenarranged for both the morning andthe evening services. Sunday, May1, is "Go-to-Sunday-School Day" anda record-breaking attendance is thegoal. It is Communion Day, and allof the members of the church arerequested to come and make thisone of the best communion serviceswhich the church has ever held. Atnight the pastor will begin a seriesof five sermons on what happens Beyond the grave. Death, The SecondComing of Jesus, Hell, Heaven, etc.The subject Sunday night , is"Death; The Robber Robbed." Sunday, May 8, will be Mother's Day,and a special service will be heldfor mothers. Sunday night the quartette, in addition to their regularnumber, will render an old time gospel song. Hours of service: SundaySchool, 9:30 a. m.; Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.; Preaching,10:55 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Everybody welcome.oSchool attendance in Austriawhich numbered 34,812 in the year1918-19, has fallen to 30,672 'for1920-21. "R.The Chicago Art Institution, thelargest art school in the world, hasan enrollment of 4,267 pupils.-D-While a school is now a place ofindustry and learning, the worlditself it derived from the Greek"schole," meaning leisure.School lunches were first introduced in this country when Philadelphia established the system in 1898.The United Y. M. C. A. schoolsare now operating in 400 differentcities in the United States, with aJ total of 12,000 students.MIIIIIIHMlWItllHIIHHUMHlllIltfThe average cost'per student peryear in State Universities is $41fl.dWGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESt ?? "iS! t9 m 'mrz9&n urn nmmmM9TTOTXIR,SPRING-FOOTWEARBuyatTlxisStoreThe shoe buyers of this town and vicinity have learned this is the economical store to buy.They always find here the snappiest styles, the very best of qualities for theleast money expended.You can save from one to three dollars again by buying your new SpringFootwear at.this Economy Center.Values That Mean a Real Saving!Ladies' Brown Kid Straps and English LaceOxfords, the very newest styles. $6.00values, specialS3.99Ladies' high grade smart Brown and BlackSuede New Style Straps and Oxfords, highand low heels, in great selection. $8.50values, special$5.95Ladies' $5.00 Kid English Pumps. Special$3.49Misses' and Children's $2.50 Gun Metal StrapSlippers, all sizes to 2. Special$1.99Misses' New Style Straps a real valueSizes 11 lr2 to 2 ?A $2.99Sizes 8 1-2 to 11 V ..$2.49Ladies' newest SDrincr stvles Brnwn TCid andSuede Strap Slippers and Oxfords. $8.00values, special$5.95Men's Shoes and Oxfords, Tan English, GunMetal English and Broad Toe, values to $8.00$4,Men's $5.00 Tan and Black Work Shoesspecial '$2.99Men's Shoes and Oxfords. English andbroad toe, Blucher styles, $6.00 values$aBoys' and Youths' $3.50 Gun Metal LaceShoes, special$2.49DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcin. " "" " -r.