5' -A4PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.v.-v-.; T LI fffrBOURBONNEWSVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1921'COMMERCIAL CLUB DECIDES FOEFALL FESTIVALThe holding of a fall festival nextmonth, which would combine an agricultural exhibition, an automobile-show and a merchant's exhibit waspractically decided on at a meetingTuesday night helda"t the office of"the Commercial Club. It was theconsensus of opinion among those atthe meeting, including merchants,representatives of the farm bureau,-and auto dealers, that the exhibitionshould be made something worthwhile, getting forth the agriculturaland commercial resources of Parisand Bourbon county.A committee composed of WithersTJavis, Carlton Ball, C. A. Webber,M. P. Collier, and Lee Price, wasappointed to formulate a program ofthe entertainment, prepare a statement, of expenses and report to another meeting of merchants, farmers, and automobile dealers to beheld next Tuesday night at 7:30o'clock.One of the principal features ofthe show will be a historical pageant,setting forth the early history of thecity, county and Central Kentucky.In case the exhibition is held forthree days, as is at present planned,the pageant would be produced eacnevening. Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick,superintendent of schools, sent wordto the meeting that he would be and neighborliness?"NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHT" TO BEINAUGURATED TO-NIGHTTo-night will witness the inauguration in Paris of an innovation inCommunity Service activities, knownas "Neighborhood Night." This willbe the first of a series of such events,according to information given outby Miss Nell Bobbins, Paris Community Service director.Miss Bobbins requests those whohave cars and desire to take part tomeet in front of the court house atb:30 p. m. They will then' proceedto Nineteenth and Main streets, arriving at 6:45; thence to Fifteenthand High streets, arriving at 6:45;thence to Fifteenth and High streets,arriving at 7.15. From this pointthey will go to Parrish avenue andVine street at 7:45, and to Seventhand Walker avenue at 8:15.At each of these stops a programwill be carried out which will include a band concert, communitysongs, led by Clay Sutherland; axylophone solo by Dr. W. J. Kiff; aten-minute speech by Judge DenisDundon, and a clog dance.This will be everybody's night,and everybody is requeste'd to takepart. At each stop those living inthe neighborhood who have not already joined the procession are expected to come out of their homes,welcome the visitors and enjoy theprogram.Did you ever stop to . think howfew people you know in our prettylittle city, noted for its hospitalityREV MANN TAKES ISSUE ABOUT TOBACCO WAREHOUSE COMPANYPARI-MUTUEL WAGERING(From Lexington Herald, Sept. 20).. The Herald takes pleasure in publishing and directing the attention ofits readers to a communication fromthe Rev. E. G. B. Mann, in thePeople's Forum of this issue.The Herald welcomes the opportunity to join with the Bev. Mr. Mannm his indicated desire to have it"set up straight at the start" in themovement that has been inauguratedby Helm Bruce, -who has gathereduuuuu mm a committee to prosecutethe effort to prohibit the use of pari-niutuel machines on the race track.jlad to co-operate in this feature ofthe show.Owing to the heavy expense ofstaging a fashion show, it was decided to eliminate this feature. The"merchants were favorable, however,to arranging booth exhibits throughwhich the latest fashions could bodemonstrated. It is the purpose tointerest all business men in havingbooth exhibits wliich. could be arranged, it is believed, at slight expense to each, merchant.The agricultural show will beopen to all Bourbon county people desiring to enter. Premiums would"be offered for the best individualDo you know your next doorneighbor? Do you know the folksacross the street, in the next block,or the next neighborhood?We are told to "love our neighboras ourself." Do you love him enoughto go out of your way to grasp hishand and shake it like we were really glad to see and know him? xPerhaps we've never been introduced. Well, that's just what these neighborhood nights are for a get-togetherparty, so to speak, where weintroduce ourselves to everybodyelse and have a good time generally.exhibits and also to the magisterial , REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSdistrict with the best general ex-Tiibit.Although definite arrangements"have not been made, it is highly ' A large crowd attended the publicprobable that the festival will be auction of the M J Lavin propertyi,Q 0 nr. mn nf oi(rft 'at the corner of Eighth and Walkerheld m one or more of the large to. Wednesday afternoon, byhacco warehouses which would be HarriSf' Speakes & Harris. The bid-especially decorated and fitted up for ding was spirited, but the propertythe occasion. A large stage would was withdrawn after having been"be bulit for the production of the bid Up to $4,700.pageant and sufficient seats built toaccommodate a large crowd. Speciallighting effects would be arranged.oCOKE FOR TOBACCOSEE CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(septl3-tf)HOME-KILLED MEATSHOME-KILLED MEATS OURSPECIALTY. WAGON WITH BELL,0N IT PASSES YOUR DOOR.C. H. MULEINGER.(septl3-tf)According to Mr. Mann there willbe sent:"A questionaire to all candidatesfor both houses of the Legislaturerequesting them to state their position on the proposed bill to abolishthe legal sanction now given byKentucky statutes to the use ofpari-mutuel gambling machines onthe race track grounds of the State."The form of that questionaire is ofimportance and that form wiU revealwhether Mr. Bruce and his committeeare frank with the people. Someof the members of the committeesare in all probability quite ignorantof the history of racing and unfamiliar with the effect of various lawsthat have been passed. But Mr.Bruce, the chairman and apparently the directing genius of the committee should be, and we doubt not,is thoroughly familiar with suchlaws. He knows that before the passage of the act creating the StateRacing Commission and authorizingthe use of pari-mutuel machines thebook-makers controlled the betting onrace tracks. He knows that Cella,Tilles and Adler, of St. Louis andNew York, who; tan bucket-shopsand race tracks in various sectionsof the country, owned Latonia and,Douglas Park ; that there was a syndicate book on all of the tracks controlled by them; that instead ofthere being a commission of five tacent, taken from the amount bet, thebooks were made on a basis of fromtwenty to thirty per cent., whichwas retained by the bookmakers.Mr. Bruce knows that racingwas in a deplorable condition;that the meetings were long and thatunder the syndicate system of bookmaking" there was every sort of rascality committed ; that the passage ofthe act creating the State RacingCommission and giving that Commission control of racing shortenedthe meetings and required an iricrwein the purses, which under the ownership of the bookmaking-bucket-shop,combinationwere not one-fourthas large as they are to-day.ELECT NEW DIRECTORSAt a postponed meetinsr nf thnstockholders of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company, held Tuesdayafternoon at the court house, thefollowing Board of Directors wereelected to serve until the first Saturday in May, 1922:Samuel Clay, Edward Burke, HenryS. Caywood, Cassius M. Clay, Jr.; A.L. Stephenson, S. B. Burris, A. 13.ttancock, Warren M. Bogers, JamesM. Caldwell, J. L. Denton, JohnWoodford, William Collins, John W.Jones and George W. Stuart.Following the meeting of thestockholders the newly-elected directors held a meeting, but adjourneduntil to-morrow, at 2:30 p. m., onaccount of the absence of severalmembers. At this meeting a newmanager and other officials to conduct the business of the Companyfor the coming season will be selected.SEED WHEAT POR SALEBEARDED PULTZ SEED WHEAT,PHONE, CUMBERLAND 540NIGHT, 997 DAY. OLD R. 3.HUTCHCRAPT ELEVATOR STAND.COLLIER BROS.)MMMsmimmmUWe Know How"The College BoyIFTER all, the College Boyis the keenest .'critic ofclothes. He knows what'swhat in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inmGreatest Favor withthe College Men AllOver AmericaNot only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. Weare ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college.rStetson Hats for FallIn All the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andOdd Pantsxdicate book. Instead of this "giantmonopoly" that Mr. Bruce now denounces realizing profits of two orthree millions of dollars," as hestates, he knows the expenditure ofthe Jockey Club in licenses, taxes,expenses, and purses and stakes tothe horsemen, amount to fully ninetyper cent, of the receipts of the JockeyClub.Mr. Bruce's success in the presenteffort that he is leading will haveone of two effects either racing willI be destroyed in Kentucky entirely, oriz will oe continued under the system that is in vogue in New York,where the bookmakers and the handbook men reap unreported and untold profits.The present fight should be denominated An Effort to Restore theKProflts and Power of the Bookmakers. Every man acquainted withracing or .with the history of racingknows that the pari-mutuel machineis the fairest form of wagering; thatit prevents corrupt bookmakers andowners from forming a combinationto lay against a horse and have thathorse pulled, as is possible under thesystem of bookraaking in vogue inNew York, as a result of the successof the fight waged bv the bookmakers and noolroom keepers who induced sincere, honest, conscientious butmisinformed persons to ioin withthem in that fight.RURAL MAIL CARRIERS TO HOLDMEETINGA meeting of the rural mail car-J riers of this district will be held atme jAoenix Hotel, in Lexington.Saturday at 7:30 p. m.f accordingto announcement made by C. V.Martin, secretary of the KentuckyRural Letter Carriers' Association.The following counties will berepresented at the meeting which itis understood is for the prpose ofperfecting a district organization:Payette, Scott, Woodford, Franklin,Clark, Bourbon, Jessamine andMadison.An interesting program has beenarranged by Secretary C. V. Martin,of Brumfield, Ky., for the meetingSaturday, and a large number cfthe Bourbon County members areexpecting to be in attendance. Mr.Douglas A. Thomas, Jr., of Paris, islocal secretary of Bonrhon rnnntvbranch of the Kentucky Rural Letter Carriers' Association, and he requests that every carrier in thecounty attend the convention inLexington.Cheating the lawyer, we suppose,might be classed as the impossiblesin.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOutfitters to MenSTETSON HATSNCTTLETON SHOESThe owners of those tracks instituted a suit to have the act creatingthe State Racing Commission declared unconstitutional. Jlr. Bruce isentirely familiar with these facts,for he was their attorney. The purpose of that suit was to destroy thepower of the State Racing Commission, that reauired the use of thepari-mutuel machines and requiredlarger purses and stakes, and give toMr. Bruce's clients the power to runthose tracks as they pleased, with aRvnrKftate book, long meetings andpurses of the smallest amount forwhich they could induce any ownersto run their horses on a merry-go-round.. . .Mr. Bruce was entirely within hisrights as a lawyer to act as attorneyfor Cella, Tilles and Adler in theireffort to continue to give the smallest purses they could run a syndicate book, with a percentage of fromtwenty to thirty per cent, instead ofpari-mutuels with a percentage ofonly five per cent and a requirementby the State Racing Commission togive fair-sized purses and stakes.Mr. Bruce failed in his efforts tohave declared unconstitutional theact creating tne nacmg wjuiuiaain.The Court of Appeals thwarted theeffort to re-establish the power of thebucket - shop - bookmaking combination, for which Mr. Bruce was tneattorney.Dr. Mann in his statement thismorning and Mr. Bruce in the propaganda that he is putting out emphasize the fact as stated by Dr. Mann:"The toll for the Kentucky JockeyClub is about $3,000,000." We. donot lenown whether this is correct,but we will ascertain the facts.Assuming it, for the moment, to becorrect, the statement made by Mr.Bruce, "that a legalized giantmonopoly realizes a profit of two orthree millions dollars a year out otthis demoralizing vice," is absolutelyunveracious. Mrv Bruce knows thatstatement is not accurate.Out of the five per cent commissionfrom the pari-mutuel machines andthe admission fees, the KentuckyJockey Club pays taxes and licensesaggregating somewhere between ahalf million and three quarters of amillion dollars; it pays the expensesof conducting the race meetings thataggregate hundreds of thousands ofdollars; we do not known howmuch the distribution to thehorsemen amount to, but "without attempting to be accuratewe should say certainly overa million of dollars onr or fivebfcimes a much as was dutribufSdduring the longer meetings by Jar.Bruce's .client! for whom he attemptcd to.deitrOT the State Baring Com-'misfioB attd-iaTe re-ciwtfea-ihf-!JV we We're-when nn&'called th mecjtiSflr-?The questionaire that Dr. Mannsays is to be sent out to the candidates for the Legislature should haveas the first question:"Are you in favor of the re-establishmentof the syndicate book inKentucky?"As the second question:"Will you vote in favor of a lawthat will again put the race tracksof Kentucky under the control of agroup of men who wi .decrease thepurses and multiply the percentagethat they will get individually fromconducting books on those tracks?"As the third question:"Are you opposed to legalizedbetting and in favor of the sort ofbetting there is in New York, thatthe courts have decided cannot bestopped by law and under which.the public is robbed?"9Every candidate for the Legisla-'ture who got" t1 questionaire fromthe committee oi which Mr. Bruce ischairman should obtain full information before making a decision.There are two elements to be considered in reaching a decision aboutany movement one, the announcedobject of that movement; the otherthe personality of those who fatherthe movement.The candidates ifor the Legislature and the people of the State areentitled to full information in regard to both. In an authoritativestatement sent out by the AssociatedPress, Mr. Bruce is quoted as saying: "We are making this fight in theopen we have nothing to conceal."Mr. Mann says:"The responses to the questionswill be published in every votingdistrict in due time, before the people are called upon to elect the Legislature in the coming Novemberelection."The Herald does not knowwhether this is a promise or a threatby Dr. Mann. But the facts shouldbe published; full statements of thefacts in regard to the conduct of therace tracks: under Mr. Bruce's clients,, Cella, Tilles' and Adler, thepurses given the horsemen and theprofits retained by them should bepublished as well as the facts in regard to the present conduct of therace tracks.The effect of the present fightheaded by Mr. Bruce should also bepublished as well as the result attempted to be attained by him in sth4suit to have declared unconstitutionalthe act creating the State JRacingCommission..- Let's have the fight in the open!We speak-for.no .one but ourselves::yz wirite,this. without" consultationWlin HUJTUUO.CIBC. tJUCa&Wg vrx vriselves alone; we are opposed-now,ajMin our office for the purpose of drafting the bill creating the State RacingCommission, to the control of racing in Kentucky by a group of rapacious bucket-shop-poolroom menwho had no thousrh bevond thprofits they might make from theownership of the, tracks and the making of books.We are now, as we were then,against the control of the race tracksby men who gave the least possibleipurses to the hqrsemen, retainingfor themselves.We are against the control of thetracks by men who, regardless ofpublic opinion, had race meetings ofsuch length and such character asto arouse the condemnation of allhonest sportsmen as was the casein Missouri, where Mr. Bruce's clients obtained control of the racetracks, and in Kentucky under theircontrol.We are against an insidious campaign for the avowed purpose ofdestroying legalized betting, the effect of which would be to establish aform of bookmaking that is now invogue in New York, under wliich asyndicate of bookmakers get fromtwenty to thirty per cent, and thepublic gets robbed.Dr. Mann and Mr. Bruce statedthat they will submit a questionaireto the candidates for the Legislature.We hope the candidates for theLegislature will also submitquestionaire to them.PABIS 1EA3T TELLS OF SOUl'iLUUrWEED MABKETIn a letter to THE NEWS .BrywiWniams, formerly of Paris, wfco1elocated in Rocky Mount. Nortk Carolina, orders THE NEWS sent to kitpresent address as "the best per ja.yCentral Kentucky." Mr. William,adds:"I am engaged here with the C. C.Cooper Tobacco Warehouse, one orthe largest in the South."Tobacco is selling much better fthan farmers expected. Good gr4ee.are bringing from forty cents to$1.10 a pound. The warehouse floors.are averaging from twenty-five ce-ntto thirty cents. There are some cropsthat have averaged as high as flftyand sixty cents. That has been tiehighest average this year."A post card from Farmville, North,Carolina, gives some encouragingfigures in regard to the Southern -markets,which are always an indication of what the markets may bein Kentucky. Several crops of tobacco sold recently at the TownseadWarehouse, in that place, broughtaverages ranging from $40.00 to$57.50, as follows: $40.00, $42.0,$49.00, $50.47, $52.21, $53.56, ,$57.50. The daily sales reportshow equally as good averages atother houses.PENALTY WILL SOON GO OHLIST YOTJB PBOPEBTY IfOWfPOB TAXATION. THE PENALTYWILL SOON BE ON. ACT QUICK:AND SAVE YOUBSELVES.MRS. MATTIE CLAEK,Bourbon County Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. BEDMQN, Deputy.oC. J. LANCASTER SUFFERS PARALYTIC STROKECharles J. Lancaster, real estateagent, and well-known busineasman of Paris, suffered a paralyticstroke recently, which affected his'face, leaving him almost helpless.Mr. Lancaster was reported yesterday as being some better, but stillin a critical condition. He is thefather of TJllraan Lancaster and Mrs.Frank Burton, both of Paris, makinghis home with the latter, on Seventh,street, and of Prof. Prentice Lancaster, of Harrison, Ohio.PIE SUPPERA pie supper will be given Saturday night at Monterey School house,on the Lexington pike, near Paris..The public is cordially invited to attend.Remember the old-fashioned churcha cthat used to have a fresh quarrel In.the choir about once a montnY! U I Miii'M'f t'I"H'frfrW''M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1FRANK&CO. ILADIES' OUTFITTERSLADIES' ANDMISSUS'rSport Jtose"'For Fall and WinterWear,v-$1.00THE PAIRfsif' iFRANK &LADIES' OUTFITTERS!l'-'. -'ir' i k vr ?n -; i f i j . . ' r v :T7,lJfcl,.W-i .'a ..v "-'.-.! ' V-.r - """,fiMi iimimimmimuHHHcotA?--v17 .,jt.Wra xv ,-., l' v-i, -.j- wPAGE TWOTHK BOURBON 7TBWS, PARIS, HINTUCO-vFRIDAY, SBFTXMBmi , lpr"'V.' '.vfTHE BOURBON NEWSXitabli hed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationBublished Every Tuesday and FridayIPer Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFX CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OUS POBEIGN EEPBESENTAy y TIVES.2few York American Press Association. f hicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 51.00 pertach for first time; 50 cents per inchjQh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lino9ch Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimibii matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is receivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officeslust invariably be accompanied byse cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thesharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE JBOURBON NEWS will be gladlyeorrected if brought to attention ofthe efltor.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor Circuit JudgeROBT. LEE STOUT.Tor Cemmonwealths' Attorney.VICTOR BRADLEY,JPer Circuit ClerkWM. H. WEBB.ler RepresentativefAMES H. THOMPSONFor Ceunty JudgeGEORGE BATTERTON.For County AttorneyD. D. CLINE.For County ClerkPEARCE PATON.For Sheriff91. PEALE COLLIER.For Tax CommissionerBEN WOODFORD, JR.For JailerJAMES E. TAYLOR.For CoronerRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorE. B. JANUARY.iFor CeuncilmenFirst Ward W. W. MITCHELL,DR. im. KENNEY, GEORGE D.IPEAKES.Secomd Ward FRANK SKILLMAN, B. J. SANTEN, CURTISXENET..Third Ward GEORGE L. DOYLE.MAGISTRATESyaris Frank P. Lowry.Millersburg E. P. Thomason.little Rock R. H. Burris.Nortii Middletown J. S. Talbott.Gllntoaville Lee Stephenson.Hutchison J. W. Bell.Centerrille J. N. Shropshire.Ruddles Mills R. O. Turner.Where Plagues Start.Utere are four epidemic centers of& plague that is, localitieswhere the disease is always presentBmtik from which seed may be derivedmbt a- extensive outbreak in otherftuts the world. One of these epiimtc center Is la Mesopotamia, twM,Ja tbe regions of the HimalayaAdUtfce fourth is located in TJraniW.Airfca. The fight against plague 1tray a fight against rats anttMmts, the fleas.They bare be. making;. big; noliskerraUsvEDITORIAL ELINGS OE THIS.THAT EN TOTHERThe domestic servant is individually and effectively organized againstreduction of wages or a hypercriticalattitude upon the part of the employer. sA Paris merchant who has beenstung pretty often made this dolefulremark the other day: "WhenMoses wrote the Ten Commandmentsthere were no bad checks in circulation." When the game is onAnd your friends are about,And you could put your rival out,I By a trick that's mean,But wouldn't be seen,Come clean, my lad, come clean."Judgment," "recommend" and"allege" are the most difficult wordsin daily use for the average personto spell, according to educators atthe University of Pennsylvania.'They say this has been determinedby the study of more than 1,400,000spelling in eighty-four cities.iWe are not informed as to whetherthe hue and cry after the landlordactually bore results in the intended.place, but we take note, with muchsatisfaction, that, rather than paythose exhorbitant rates, a numberof Paris people are building or contemplating building, nice homes forthemselves and families.The news that the tariff on imporred rouges and face powders willdouble the price would be more discouraging were it not that nearlyevery consumer would look muchbetter if she were to cut consumption of those camouflages fifty percent.The Anti-Cigarette League discovers that tobacco smoke containsprussic acid, acrolein, carbon monoxide and various other ingredientsas dangerous to life and health asthe well-known nicotine. The announcement will be read with interest by the millions of Americanswho daily take this fatal dose andlive to tell the tale!A film shown at the Grand OperaHouse, Saturday night hore thetitle, "What Women Want." Thetitle set the audience, or at leastmany of the masculine gender towondering if there was anythingwomen didn't want and generallyget. We know that's ancient history, but just had to take a fall outof that title!In our youth we grope ratherblindly. Experience comes slowly.With age comes wisdom realknowledge of life. Youth is usuallyimpulsive. Age, remembering scalded fingers, is conservative. The two,working together, make the happymedium. Nature can make yourjoints stiffen and you arteries hardand your face lined with wrinkles.But your brain your real selfcan defy age.EEAL ESTATE DEALSMr. and Mrs. Robert M. Griffinsold last week through the real estateagency of Harris, Speakes & Harris,their one-story frame cottage, locatedon Cameron avenue, in White Addition, for a price not given out forpublication. The property was purchased by Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Sheeler.formerly of Millersburg, who havebeen residing in Beaumont, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. Sheeler now own theentire block of ground bounded byCameron Avenue, St. Elizabeth streetand Fithian avenue. They will remodel the Griffin home and will huil.la modern cottage on one of the lots,facing on Cameron street.The home of the late Mrs. HattieHutchcraft Hill, located on EastEighth street, in Thornton Division,was sold at public auction Friday byAuctioneer M. F. Kenney, for Mrs.Bessie Wilson Mann and Mrs. Virginia Adams, for the purpose of effecting a settlement between the parties at interest. The bidding was.lively. Mrs. Amni Prichard Brown,of Paris, being the purchaser at 2,500. Mrs. Brown will probably occupy the cottage as a home.Cold in the Head"fl i an acute, attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in theS57 JJfil find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh..fAI'S CATARRH MEDICINE istoken internally and acts through the-- -w .wwut uuum,co ui me system, thus reducing the inflammation andrestoring: normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.CHUCRCH TURNED INTO THEATREThe Idle Hour Theatre has. completed a transaction wTiPmiiv h- ,.,?hget immediate possession of thejwurmern jvieinoaist Church on Mt.Vernon street, in Somerset. ThemoTing picture theatre will beoperated there until the owners construct a ?10,000 building on the lotadjoining the church. The congregatiom will worship in the CircuitCourt room until they complete thenewJ10.000 oowrniiinliV nm.i.THAT DULL ACHINGDon't worry and complain about abad back. Get rid of it! For weakkidneys, lame and achy bcks, yourneighbors recommend Doan's -Kidneypills. Ask your neighbor. Readthis statement.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with very gooaresults, for while I have never hadany serious kidney trouble, I cantell by the help they gave me thatthey would be beneficial for kidneytrouble. I had a dull achingacross the small of my back and mykidneys acted irregularly. The useDoan's Kidney Pills with very goodthese complaints and I have faithenough in them that should I everneed a kidney remedy I would certainly use Doan's Kidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin gave the above statement November 9, 1916, and on November 13, 1920, she added: "I stillhave the same good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before and I use themoccasionally when I require a kidneytonic. Theyr never fail to do megood and I am always telling myfriends of the merits of Doan's."Price, 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MlburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oBOTJEBON FARM CONDITIONSBourbon county farmers have spenta busy week, most of which was consumed in cutting the tobacco crop.Good weather prevailed throughoutthe week, and the growers have beenhaving good success with the housingof the tobacco crop.By far the greater part of the tobacco is yet to be housed, but thework is going forward rapidly, and.the good weather of the past weekhas aided the weed greatly. If thopresent spell of good weather continues tobacco knives will be busierthan ever. The tobacco is curing upwell.The farmers have been very busywith breaking land for fall seeding,and the ground is said to be turningover in fine shape. A great deal ofland has been broken and the workis going forward at a nice rate. Indications point to a small wheat cropthis year.The corn crop is maturing rapidly,and the late corn is showing remarkable improvement, with a good yieldexpected. Cutting and shocking andfilling silos has been in progress forseveral days.Late garden truck and vegetablesare now on the local market inabundance, and the many vegetablesare making up in a measure for theshortage of fruit, occasioned by thelate frosts of last spring.TO KEEP ELECTION RECORDS ATEEANKFOETRecords of election in Kentucky,together with the entire vote for eachoffice by counties is to be kept in theoffice of the Secretary of State atFrankfort, in the future.MASTER'SSALE !CLARK CIRCUIT COURTG. W. Bramblett, Adm'r, Et. Al.PlaintiffVs.Nannie M. Johnson, Et. Al,DefendantBy virtue of a judgment and orderof sale of the Clark Circuit Court,rendered at the September term,thereof, 1921, for the sum, of $4,000.00 with interest from the 21stday of February, 1920, until paid,subject to a credit of $1,000.00 as ofMarch 21, 1921, and the further sumt)f $260.00 as of March 21, 1921 andall costs incurred in this action, Ishall proceed to offer for sale at thecourt house door in Paris, Kentucky,011 ! -MONDAY, OCTOBER 3A 1921,about the hour of 11:00 o'clock a. m.to the highest bidder at PUBLICAUCTION upon a credit of six andtwelve months, the following described property:A certain lot or parcel of . landupon which is a two-story brickdwelling house known as the Bryaniomesteaa, situated in the town ofMillersburg, Ky., and owned by Chas.B. Bryan at the time of his death,more particularly described as follows: Lying and being on the westside of Main street, fronting on saidMain street 55 feet, and running between parallel lines to Trigg street,a distance of 198 feet, more or less.For the purchase price, the pur-JCOMMISSIONERchaser, with approved surety, mustexecute bonds, bearing legal interest from the day of sale until paidand having the force and effect of ajudgment. Bidders will be breparedto comply promptly with these terrasJ. A. BOONS, -MatterCommisesiomer Clark Circuit"Court, Kyi(tPfalC-JJ-MT Vi:For Rent. Four nicely furnished upstairsrooms in excellent location, at reasonable price. For further information call THE NEWS office, eitherphone 124.Wanted, to Rent CottageCottage or flat wanted by partywho has resided in present house,which has been sold, for five years,the previous house fourteen years.No small children. Call BOURBONNEWB, or E. T. Phone 844. (tf)We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf) -Mattresses RemadeWe take your old mattress, renovate it and put on a new" tick whichmakes it as good as new. Give us atrial. We will call for and returnsame.Call Cumb. Phone 1042.PARIS BEDDING CO.(augl9-tf)Seed Wheat For SaleWe have a limited amount ofbearded Fultz Seed Wheat for sale.Call on us at new place of business,known as the Hutchcraft's Elevator,on North Pleasant street.A full stock of grain, hay, coal,etc., always on hand, and for sale atreasonable prices.(20-3t) R. F. COLLIER.Grain, Hay and CoalWe are now in our new location,the Hutchcraft Elevator, on NorthPleasant street, which we recentlypurchased, and have a large stock offield seeds, grain, hay and coal onhand.Also, a complete stock of mill feed,stock feed, etc., which we are sellingat reasonable prices. Our facilitiesfor conducting our business aregreatly improved, and we are in aposition to care for the farmers'wants. Call in and give us a trialorder.(20-3t) R. F. COLLIER.Free! Free IUntil October 1, 1921, we are giving free one tube and $1.00 worth ofmerchandise with each tire sold; alsoone gallon of oil free with each coupon book. Come and see our visiblemeasure.GO-GAS SERVICE STATION,Cor. Tenth and Pleasant Sts.,J. S. DOUGLAS, Manager.20-4t)Sheriffs SaleSTATE OF KENTUCKY,COUNTY OF BOURBON.Mrs. Mary E. Taylor PlaintiffVs.Holmes Smart DefendantPursuant to distress warrant andlevy for rent, which issued from theoffice of the Judge of the BourbonQuarterly Court on the 24th day ofAugust, 1921, in favor of Mary F.Taylor vs. Holmes Smarte for thesum of $750.00, with interest fromMarch 1, 1921, and the further sumof $1,000.00 with interest thereonfrom March 1, 1921, and the costs ofthis distress warrant and expense ofsale, less a credit of $100.00, the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon Countywill, on nSaturday, Sept. 24, 1921,on the leased premises located inBourbon County, Kentucky, on theHume and Bedford Pike, and nowoccupied by the defendant, HolmesSmarte, as tenant of the said MaryF. Taylor, beginning about 10 a. m.,expose to public sale the followingproperty, or so much as may be required to satisfy the distress warrant aforesaid, and the costs and expenses of sale, to-wit:Crop of 8 acres of .tobacco;Crop of 20 acres of corn, less 32barrels set apart to defendant asexempt;1 Deering Binder, (1-3 interest);1 corn planter;1 Randal Harrow;1 Sorrel Mule;1 White Horse;1 Bay Horse; ' "", 1 Buggy; '4 Red Sows;14 Shoats;1 Roan Heifer;35 Sheep and 6 Lambs, less 8 Sheepset apart as exempt. 'TERMS:Said sale will be made on creditof three months, purchasers to execute bond with good surety to Le'approved 'of'by undersigned Sheriff,of even 'date. -with sale, and bearing'nnxereet irom a&te or sale at1 the ratui w so iroi buuuuii -For SaleOne new Avery 8-16 tractor withpilot guide and Grand Detour 14inch 2-bottom plow. Price, $600, iftaken at once.J. S. WILSON & BRO.,(sept-13-8t) Paris, Ky.Young Women Train for NursemaidsOne year course of Practical and Theoretical instruction. PAIDWHILE TRAINING. Board, room and laundry furnished. Requirements,Grammer School Education. Address:SUPERINTENDENT CHILDRENS' HOSPITAL,(sept6-8t) ML Auburn, Cincinnati, O.IS HTfETpVHBHHHHHfllKKHHnlJ ASS5BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG COMmLowest PricesEver Quotedon Titan andInternational TractorsThe Harvester Company has made another big pricecut on Titan and International Tractors. This reduction wipes out all former advances and puts thesetractors at the lowest prices at which they have everbeen sold. We are offering:International 8-16, $900This price is about one-fourth less than that of March1, 1921. The new price includes all necessary equipmentplatform, fenders, governor, belt pulley whichcost extra on some tractors.Titan 10-20, $900This is the lowest price ever quoted on the Titan,considering equipment included (formerly sold' extra),'At this price the Titan 3-plow tractor is the best value inthe farm power field.International 15-30, $1,750This also is lower than any former price. You cannot find a better 4-plow tractor for the money.All prices are f . o. b. Chicago. The Harvester Company advises us these prices are made regardless of manufacturing costs and that they do not guarantee tomaintain them. These prices certainly justify the immediate purchase of a tractor. mmWe can arrange suitable terms for you. Come inand see us.! C. 4 MIX MME j-f- vlliiTrittMTTiWiiiir"rrn-M i -. !We Pack Cream' Home-Made ' Ice Cream packetdelivered at sixty cents per quart.All orders for Sunday must be placed Saturday by six o'clock. No orderspacked less than half-gallon.Brick Cream prepared on specialorders.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,Both Phones 494. 429 Main St.(sep-9-tf)MWil M THINEW DANCE HITS20573O Me! OMyl Fox Trot NfcholaOrlando's OrchestraMimi, Fox Trot. Nicholas Orlando'sOrchestra.20575Listening, Fox Trot. Merry MelodyMen.Swnee Rose, Ono Step. MerryMelody Men.V20578Peaches, FoxOrchestra.Life is All SFox Trot Selvin's NoveltySunshine With Yon. Frvr1 rot. beJvin s Novelty Orchestra.20579ulienne, (A Franco-American FoxTrot. Benaie Kmeger and HisOrchestra.Stoles Kisses, Fox Trot CasinoDance Orchestra.20580The Last Waltz, from "The LastWaltz," Waltz. Hazay Natzay'sOrchestra.Open Arms, Fox Trot. Casino DanceOrchestra.owwhichthey a-A't W. G. McCLmTOCK, S. B. C. ifv - -ow at wosac, -ACX ' $ , - ' rf FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1921THE BOISKPON.'-'otcwsl; fares, kmrmcct '; , -.- rjutmramm-'':--' ' - i HIur-WfPWfffTnfjf55SSSjj1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 lBtlfif VTil 1 1 1 1 i I i 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 ili 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 fTTJ J .i I llllllllllllllllllllf vi 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1illllllllllllillllllllav mIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIW i 11! ifW M dLLbm I III II ' ill 111 HKM UsOfflEscape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen andhips.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."Priced from $2 to $ioKHODA BOYAL WOBLD-TOultEBTHKEE-KING SHOWSVCheap Excursion To The World'sGrandest and Best All-FeatureExhibition1 FRANK & CO, Ipvjfc ,, 1rKTradc Mark ReaW&mWElw I iTHINK BUY! EAT!THE BOURBON NEWS takespleasure in announcing to its readersthat the famous Rhoda Royal Grandest and Best Shows will be seen atthis place this season, and arrangements have been made with the railroad authorities, by which all whodesire to come to Paris, where thesegreat shows will exhibit on Thursday, October 6, can do so at greatlyreduced rates. A visit to this largest of all big shows will constitutea gala day long to be remembered,and besides, it will furnish an opportunity for seeing the largest amusement institution the world has everknown. Under the largest tents everconstructed will be shown the finestzoological collection on earth, including the only riding lion ever exhibited, the largest pair of giant hippopotami in captivity, two greatherds of performing elephants, adrove of racing camels, the finest collection of imported thoroughbredhorses ever owned by a single manor corporation, and a circus performance embracing more high salariedperformers than any two shows canboast, a school of almost humanlyeducated horses that do everythingbut talk, together with the most exciting chariot and other races everseen under canvass. A grand streetprocession occurs ''at 10 o'clock rainor shine, when a full mile of glittering dens of wild beasts will be exhibited free upon the streets, and tendifferent kinds of music will fill theair with melody.oNewfoundland Well Watered.One-third of the surface of Newfoundland is covered with lakes andrivers. The largest lake is Grandlake, 56 miles in length, five miles inbreadth, with an area of 192 squaremiles. It contains an island 22 mileslong. Its surface is only 500 feet abovesea level.- oAs a rule there is not much luck inpassing the buck.es itbe dyedorcleanedVt' tJ,'October 8thTandy Day"(SThe Sweetest Daythe Year"inThat last year's suit ordress can be mads toappear like new. Sendit parcel post to-day.Swiss Cleaners & DyersSOS Sth St. Luisvi!Ir Ky.Send One of Miss Holladay's"Candy Day Specials" to theWives, Sweethearts andKiddies.BRIGHTEICEVENINGSFARMERSITRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00VJust HistoryIn '76The Colonial LameSmin her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She creeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doe -passHer home was litBy flickering: Ga.Bat the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.OFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. Li. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. VS. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921WE HAVE OPENEDBARREL OFHEINZ' WHITEPICKLING VINEGAR-fULThe Best for PickleMakingWeHave a FullFreshLine ofPickling SpicesGive Us Your Order.Logan Howard'The Home of Good Thin,to Eat", Pk 179SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Louis Mussinon continuesvery ill at her home near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Terrillhave gone to Washington, D. C, fora two-weeks' visit.Mr. and Mrs. Z. T. Alexanderhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Carlisle.Josephine, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Sam Onkst, on Winchesterstreet, is recovering from diphtheria.Mrs. Irene Isaacs, who has recently underwent an operation atMassie Hospital is improving nicely.Miss Delia Wasson has returnedto her home near Versailles aftera visit to relatives in Paris and thecounty.Mrs. Will Tanksley, of Covington, was a guest of Mrs. Sam Onkst,of Winchester street, Saturday andSunday.Miss Louise Harding has returned to her home in Winchester aftera visit tQ Miss Henrietta Bedford,in this city.Miss Louise Connell, of Paris,has returned to Lexington, to resume her school duties at the University of Kentucky.Misses Marian and KatherineDouglass have returned to theirhome in Richmond after a visit toMrs. J. J. Haggard, in this citty.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Stemhave returned from Louisville, wherethe former attended the meeting ofthe Kentucky Medical Association.Dr. J. A. Stoeckenger, of Paris,left Wednesday for Chicago, wherehe will spend a month taking acourse in surgery at the Illinois PostGraduate School.Maysville Bulletin: "Miss Martha Green Sharp and her guest, Mrs.J. A. McCoy, of Kansas City, arevisiting friends and relatives inBourbon county."Mr. and Mrs. Russell Dyche havereturned to their home in London,Ky., after a visit to the latter sbrothers, Judge Ernest Martin andWalter Martin, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Joe James andthe latter's sister, Miss Kate Ely,left yesterday for an automobile tripto Washington, D. C, and otherpoints of interest in the East.Robin Horton, of the L. & N.train dispatcher's force, who hasbeen ill for some time with typhoidfever, is recuperating at the home ofhis parents, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. James G. Metcalfeand Charlton Clay, of Paris, weremembers of a houseparty entertained recently at Camp Bide-a-Wee, onthe Kentucky River, by Miss AnitaThomas, of Lexington.Winchester Sun: "Among thosefrom this city who attended thedance given at Paris, Monday evening, were Howard Wills, ChariotBedford, Vernon Taylor, ThomasMassie and Stanley King." 'Misses Elizabeth and LucilleCaywood, of near North Middletown,have matriculated at the Ward-Bel-mnnt.College in Nashville, Tenn.They were accompanied to Nashvilleby Mrs. Caywood.Brown Buchanan, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for some time,has been removed to the MarineHospital, in Louisville, where he willundergo an operation.Catesby Spears, of E. F. spearsSr. Son. has eone to Hughton, Saskatchewan, Canada, to look aftersome business matters in connectionwith the big wheat and flax ranchethe firm owns near Houghton.Miss Harriet Rogers has returned to Mt. Holyoke College, inMassachusetts, accompanied by hermother, Mrs. Warren Rogers, wnowill visit in New York and on theNew England coast before returning to Paris.The dance given Monday nignsat the Masonic Temple, under themanagement of Preston Bales, ascommittee, was a very enjoyableone and was largely attended, therebeing an unusually large numberfrom surrounding towns.Albert S. Trimble, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for sevenuweeks, was removed to his home inNorth Middletown, Wednesday. Mrs.Trimble, who has been ill for eightittooVo nnri whn has been recuperat-I ing at the home of relatives in Mt.Sterling, has returned home.Mrs. E. S. Pendleton, formerlyof Paris, who has been very ill forsome time at her home in Cincinnati,is improving, and hopes to soon bsback in her position in a big department store at Twelfth and Main, mthat city. Mrs. Pendleton was formerly Miss Kates, of Berea, and wasa student at Berea College.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fookesentertained a party of friends witha delightful dance at their home onthe Hume and Bedford pike, nearParis, recently. The guests for theevening were Misses Ruby Wagoner,Ada Bramel, Alma Hicks, Anna LeeHicks, Mary Fookes; Messrs. JceHuffman. Chester Woods, PorterHicks, Forrest Graves, Marion Honaker, George Hicks, Howard Harp,Joe Plunkett, Frank Fookes andGeorge Fookes.(Other Person&is on Page 5)oCOMMEKCIAL CLUB TO CONSIDERSOCIAL ACTIVITIESThe Entertainment Committee ofthe Paris Commercial Club is preparing for a program of social activitiesto be presented in the near futureunder Club auspices. Whether thesemeetings will be night forum meetings, such as were held last fall andwinter, noon luncheons, or both, willhe determined by the committee.Due to the efforts being made toward the organization of a local KiW;anis Club and the probability ot tneorganization of other business men'aclubs which make practice of holdingnoonday luncheons, it is probable theClub may decide to hold the socialand membership meetings at night.Cordially invite you to theirFALL OPENINGi l '5,15 -" T ?"-?- "A Style Event of the WeekSeptember 19th to September 24thPresenting their great stocks of apparel ior .Women, Misses and ChildrenNever before have styles been more attractive or selections more comprehensive. ' The best work of theforemost designers is offered in this exposition.GOWNSMILLINERYSPECIAL DISPLAYS:FURS - WRAPSFOOTWEARCHILDREN APPARELSUITSBLOUSESTHE H.&I NS. POGUE COMPANYCINNATI, OHIOfecSSSESMakes Kingdom Seem Small.The combined area of Nova Scotiaand New Brunswick, 49,417 squaremiles, is more than three times thearea of the kingdom of Denmark.1 MATTER WHATHAPPENSYou are protected if youhold a policy with me.lireAccidentBurglaryAutomobileWorkmen'sCompensationandBondingA. J. PEEfOYS PAINTSAND VARNISHESPRICES AT OLD TIME LEVELSS. W. SHIVELY&SONMeat MarketFRESH AND CUREDMEATSSPRINGCHICKENSDressedFriday and SaturdayBeat Winter To ItPaint This FALLDon't wait till next Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. Fall is the time to paint forprotective purposes. Surfaces aredrier and better prepared to takepaint. They need protection mostjust before winter attacks them.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped With. . " FULL STOCKS AGAIN1 Attractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399NICE FRESH FISHiiiiniiiiiintMiiinn'ii'HMiiiiniiiiinnniLess Than Seven Cents Per DayA HOME TELEPHONEwith modern equipment and courteous operators at yourservice day and night in your residence for a fractionless than seven cents per day.GIVE US YOUR ORDERParis Home Telephone & Telegraph C.miParis Gas & Electric Co.An exchange sayi tn4 dore of iwceltllMllllllllMMIIIIIlllnTMllHIHIIHiliilH(Ma-tUP).-(I.7 -" .. .'-L,Tf-V f J'.I' ? f ," ."-wJ, ' -Vt -" v- T - - I ,',rVf Tt, 1." "- V.a.--er v? ' a .THE BOUKBON NEWS, PARIS, lOSNTOCWfFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER. 23, 1921'pak ronrrase' mCITOE PROGRAH AT GRAM) NOTES OP THE BASE BALL GAMESAOT) ALAMO The race the Church LeagueTo-day. FriSy7September 23- aeries took an added interest fromAlice Calhoun, in "The Princess the game which the leaders, theJones-" Warner Oland, Junita Han- Methodists, took from the Presbytesen and Margaret Cortout, in serial, rians, at the Second street park"The Yellow Arm;" Snub Pollard Tuesday afternoon. The game reComedy, "At The Ring Side." suited in a score of 9 to 2 in favorTo-morrow, Saturday, September Qf tne Metnodists. The game was24 Constance Binney, in "Such a , . th mud wnich had great"Thl? riDwe""1"1111 Cm S2J to do with the slowness of bothoJsSSSer 26Marion teams. It was a good game unWDavis, in "Buried Treasure i;" Can- the seventh inning, when the Prestury Comedy ' 'The Wood Simps;'' , by terians went up in the air, tne. J ' ' ,- i;ni ci-v runs.Pathe Review.Lostinoorc! made a total of six runs,Features of the game were the fleldi ing of James and the hitting of BobJohnson, for the Presbyterian team,'and the usual all-round team workt,0 AfPtTmdists. The batteriesA gold bar pin with diamond m' were: For the Presbyterians, Ward,center, "between The Leader store McClintock and Haley; for the Metnand Frank & Co., on Thursday. Find- odists, Owens and Owens.r return to NEWS office and receive At the Second street park to-mor-Teward.(23-tf) row (Saturday) afternoon, the Rug-1 1 gles team will take on the Millerj-iburg team, a strong amateur organization from our little neighboringtown. The boys from the burgFor Salego-cart, i have been Puttin& UD a ood game,I and are expected to give the localsmore than a practice pout. The batjtery for Paris in this game will bej Landers and Carter.I On Sunday afternoon the localswill hook up with the team fromGeorgetown, a college team Of morethan ordinary ability. Camparoni1 n-A Hnvfaf -nrill Va rm tVlfi "hurl 1T JTCLlll IjttllCl Hill tJ w v ii...,Vest SeCOfld Stret(and receiving positions for the Rug-KarK ! gles team. Botn games win De can-'ed promptly at 2:30 p. m.I The game at the Second strest' park yesterday afternoon oetweenI V 1.1 li - the Christian and .Baptist teams mm w -i.- -.the Church League resulted in a vic-P ARK RI Tnni FS tory for the former by a score of 13- .MIVIO IUV3VJl-il-iO t 10 The Kame g a ragged, butCream-colored willow.INearly as good as new.MRS. M. H. DAILEY,(It) 329 Stoner Avenue.BASE BALL!SATimn&vSEPT. avs.MILLERSBURGjvery interesting one. It was full oferrors and bone head plays by mem-Ibers of both teams, but the Christians proved to be the best sluggers,and finally won out. McCord pitchedA. . . i . t 'a very good game ana received gooaj. v. uuv v,iim,".nw. w. .. -support until tut; ia&i mums. x n"bon COUnty. Battery for Paris, ' Baptist team used two pitchers andI tnree cotcners in an euui u tu olu'the Christian sluggers. The batter-ise were: For the Christians, McCord, Thompson and Arnsparger; forthe Baptists, Williams, Ballard DeTmvpn "Williams and Ballard. The.uv . v.y . .Landers and Carter.SUNDAY, SEPT. 25Ti A nrri r TfSW IO next game will be played on TueskAKIS Icl If -t .1 h N Hnv SpntPmiiPr 27. between theVS.GEORGETOWNThis is a strong team of college boys and a good game isassured. Battery for Paris,Camporoni and Carter. Santen,umpire. Both games called at3 o'clock p. m.ATotVinriist5 nnrl the "RaDtists. Thefollowing is the League standing:W L Pr. Ct.Methodists 4 0 .1000Christian 3 2 .,600Presbyterian 2 3 .400Baptist 0 4 .000o-Fire, Wind and Lightning Insursince. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN? RELIGIOUS.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:45. The subject will be: "Missionary Results inSouth America." Leader, Mr. Garrett Jefferson. We had a splendidattendance last Sunday evening.Let's have more at this meeting. Thepublic is always welcome.The annual meeting of theSynod of the Presbyterian Church,South, of Kentuclcy, will meet inParis, commencing Tuesday evening,October 11. Thos. B. Talbott, formerly of Paris, was elected Moderator at the meeting last year, andwill call the body to order when itconvenes here.Members of the congregation ofthe Methodist church, and otherfriends of the popular pastor, Rev.C. H. Greer, gave a "miscellaneousshower" embracing a large variety ofgood things, Tuesday night, in honorof Rev. Greer's return for anotheryear's stay among them. The occasion was enjoyed thoroughly by allwho participated.On account of the large crowdsattending and the interest manifested at the meeting, which has been inprogress at Black's Cross Roads, nearParis, for the past three weeks, conducted by Rev. R. L. Stone, themeeting will continue through theweek, with an all-day meeting Sunday, with dinner served on theground. There have been seventysouls saved. On account of thismeeting continuing the meeting atthe old Concord church will beginon Monday, September 26. Rev. Sarotn, new pastor of the HerringtonChapel, was present at the last Sunday meeting, preaching in the afternoon, making a decidedly good impression.PUBLIC SALEThe Earlywine Boarding House!We, as agents for Mrs. J. W. Earlywine, will offer for saleTuesday, October 4,at 2 p. m.lier property located on Main Street, between Ninth and Tenth. Thelouse consists of 10 rooms, 2 halls, and an office room; a good dry cel,, lar, gas and electric lights, cold and hot water and a splendid cistern.This property has been used for a number of years as a boarding house,.and the location can not be excelled for the purpose.Because of advanced age, Mrs. Earlywine is offering this propertyfor sale to the highest and best bidder.Having decided to quit the boarding house business, Mrs. Earlywme asks to state that this will be an absolue sale.?5 in gold will be given away to the one that guesses the nearest3rire the property will bring.For furthrer information, apply to(sept2 3-2 7-30) HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.'THE PRIDE OP PARIS"HUNDREDS OF CHICLOVELY HATSDEVELOPED IN DUVENOR PAON VELVETHATTERS PLUSH PANNE VELVET DUVETYNBIG BLACK PICTURE HATS-SMALL TURBANSIN MANY SHADES IN EXQUISITE COLORINGS- HAT FOR EVERYBODY. ATi . t 'jrnr m jm- v,- DEPARTMENT STORE ' v " jT' ' ' parisI KwrrucKY -- " " - -?' .. J'tPRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe subejcts for the sermons atthe Presbyterian church Sundaywill be: Morning, "Claiming a Privilege of Fifty Years' Standing."Evening, "Better Than a MillionNo. 4." The sermon Sunday eveningwill close the series which the pastor of the church has been givingduring the month of September onthings which are worth more thanmoney. Those which have been considered in the foregoing sermons havebeen "Health," "Contentment" and"Love." The public is cordially invited to the consideration of a fourthphase of life which is more valuablethan dollars. Two hundred andtwenty is the goal for Sunday Schoolattendance for Sunday morning.Mr. C. B. Harrison has mailed outthe registration cards to the ministers of the Synod of Kentucky. Thecommittees are beginning to getbusy in their preparations to entertain the Synod of Kentucky.Hours of service: Preaching, 10:55a. m. and 7:30 p. m., Sunday School,9:30 a. m., and Christian Endeavorat 6:45 p. m.oCOBURN'S MLNSTEELSThat raggy, jazzy, dancy band ofentertainers with J. A. Coburn'sMinstrels will -appear at GrandOpera House, on Tuesday, Oct. 4, intheir twenty-second year of oldtime and modern mistrelsy. Thecompany includes many new facesand what is said to be the best performance Manager Coburn has everhad. The singing with this attraction has always been maintained asone of the strongest features andevery effort has been made to surpass the standard in this year'sshow. A complete and entirely newprogram, costumes and scenic equipment said to be better than ever,with new novelties and vaudevillefeatures is promised and the wellknown reliability of this productionas an amusement and fun showshould furnish one of the season'spremier entertainments. Its theshow you know. It has become ahousehold word. As a minstrel"Coburn's" stands for all that is newand good in its line.ISimon's"THE DAYLIGHT STORE"SOPHOMORE CLASS ELECTSA meeting of the SophomoreClass of the Paris High School forthe purpose of electing class officerswas held Tuesday, when the following selections were made: President, Billy Kenney; vice-president,Yutaki Minakuchi; secretary, HarryTucker; treasurer, William Collier.oNOTES OF THE LODGESThe seventy-seventh anniversaryof the founding of the Odd Fellows Lodge in Paris will be celebrated on Tuesday night, November29, with an appropriate program.The supper which was to have beengiven on the night of October 20,has been 'postponed until the anniversary night, so as to make the occasion a double celebration.Plans are being made by membersof the Junior Order of United American Mechanics to push the bill fostered by the order for free schoolbooks for Kentucky children. Thebill will be presented when the legislature opens in January.The Paris Rebekah Lodge To. 7,celebrated the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the order mthe United States, with an appropriate program rendered at thelodge room Wednesday night.About one hundred and fifty guestswere present. Refreshments wereserved at the conclusion of the program. The invocation was given byRev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of thePresbyterian church. Mrs. H. B.Carr sang several solos, and addressesappropriate to the occasion were delivered by Mayor E. JB. Januaryand Ttev. T. S. Smylie.Imperial Encampment, Odd Pellow will have work In one' of thedegrees at their'- meeting to-nirnt.The,dgree team - of the LexingtonNewer Authentic Fall ModesOf Superior Value in Style and QualityModerately PricedDressesThe Best of Style Innovations are Presented Here$12.98, $14.75, $24.98, $39.50 and $50.00Tricotine, Kitten's Ear Crepe, Crepe-Back Satins, RoshanaraCrepes, Charmeuse, Canton Crepes, Poiret Twills,Crepe de Chine and Canton SatinsSmartly Tailored SuitsFeaturing Novel Trims of Fur, Embroidery or Felt$25.00, $50.00, $75.00 and UpFall and Winter CoatsLuxuriously Fur Trimmed or Skillfully Plain Tailored$25.00, $50.00, $75.00 and UpHARRY SIM224 W.lMain Street Lexington, KentuckyFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00!wgjp g 3?White Crest FMilled in the most modern and sanitary way by the L C.Lisle Milling Co., Leavenworth, KansassourVISIT THEDEMONSTRATIONtwjjjjjJU'vmATte0s?& 2?mTo those ladies whom we have not had thepleasure of meeting since our daily demonstrationstarted, we extend a cordial invitation to attend.A dainty luncheon with punch will be served each afternoon from 2 to 5.Souvenir cook books presented to each lady.One 12 pound sack of WHITE CREST FLOUR will be given away at 5o'clock each afternoon during the demonstration.WHITE CREST FLOUR IS SOLD BY YOUR GROCERBlue Grass Commission Co., Wholesale DistributorsOCTOBER 9 DESIGNATED FEREPREVENTION DAYOctober 9 will be the fiftieth anniversary of date when Mrs. OLeary'scow kicked over the lantern causing the great Chicago fire, and theNational Fire Protective Association has designated that day as In-ernational Fire Prevention -Day.ince 1871 annual fire losses have,een increasing until .now there lan annual; monetary 'Joss of 350,-OA 000 Trt.aTi MtfmflAil InM nf 15Encampment Vttl do ttas -frrirt: ' -400 lives yearly, according to .the'' i in i j "-me .i,.r.in. ' "-' 'i iiwaiaeuiB wtu d wrrea. wuwwa.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESOPEN DAY AND NIGHTfExpert Battery .'Service(tfr"I:::1 Ntf&2&SMush &: Sat . A JrtEav ,." -?p$T f--. f; .i4 - - '.. 4: -Jf- -IV j- -V- Vjf'fFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1921THE BOURDON NEWS. FARES,PAGS FITSraitTOCKIi-ttSAiSB Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseADJUDGED INSANEIn the County Court yesterdayJohn Wood Gay, colored, of the NortnMiddletown vicinity, was tried on acharge of lunacy. The jury adjudged him to be of unsound mind,and ordered him committed to theEastern Kentucky Hospital for theInsane, at Lexington.oBOY MISSING, MOTHER SICKAny person knowing the whereabouts of Johnnie Larrison, son ofair. and Mrs. Larrison, of Winchester, are urged to notify the goy's parents, at 121 Linden avenue, Winchester, as his mother is very sick. Theboy disappeared from his home abouttwo weeks ago, and has not beenheard from since. He is thought tohave come to Paris, or some place inthe county.oCOFFEE! COFFEE! CHASE & SANBORN, FERNDELLIf you want the best of coffees, wehave them. Anybody can sell youcoffee, but Chase & Sanborn andFemdell Coffees are the best.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.- oSTOLEN ATJTO RECOVEREDIn the County Court Tuesday morning before Judge George Batterton,Henry Washington, a young coloredboy, was convicted on a charge oftaking an auto truck belonging toJ. H. Stivers, and given six monthsin the county jail. The machine,which had been left standing infront of the Methodist church, wasmissed, and found later in possessionof Washington, who was arrestedby Chief of Police, Link and placedin jail. Washington told the officerhe did not intend to steal the truck,but merely wanted to take a rideThis was his third offense of a likecharacter.oPARISIAN MEMBER OF NEW LAWFIRM.Mr. Cassius M. Clay, III, son ofMrs. Mary Harris Clay, of nearParis, and of the late Cassius M.Clay, Jr., is practicing law in NewYork City, where he has become connected-with one of the most successful law firms in the city. Mr. Clayis a graduate of Yale Universityand inherits his father's brillianttraits of character and qualities ofmind.Mr. Clay was admitted Monday tothe practice of law before the Courtof Appeals, at Frankfort. Hisfriends predict a brilliant future forhim in his chosen profession.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. I COUNTY TOBACCO STATISTICSComings and Goings of Our I - ? t0 the present time a total ofPeODle Here Ther nH ' contracts, representing 7,275ircopie liere, Anere and I acres and 7,412,163 pounds of to-filsewhere. jbacco, have been turned in to thelocal office of the Co-operative Bur-Mrs. Cora Herndon, of Carlisle ley Tbacco Marketing Association,is a guest of friends in this city. ' accordm& to a report given out byMrs. Lucinda Patton, of Paris Samuel Clay, county chairman of theis visiting Mrs. A. H. Gill, in Car- orSanization. This represents aboutlisle. .82.2 per cent, of the amount of to-Mrs. J. A. Keller, of Paris, is a bacc0 rown in Bourbon county lastguest of Mrs. J. p. Conway, in Win- year' Mr Clay rePrts that the op-chester. position to the movement which de-G. W. Wood, of Kankakee, 111 , velPed in certain sections of theis the guest of Ossian Edwards in countv nas about been c(vercome,this city. ' , and that the growers are almostHarry O. James will leave- to- unanimous in their support of themorrow for a ten-days' stay at Hot planSprings, Ark.Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore willleave Tuesday for Umatilla, Pla., tospend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodfordhave returned from a visit to friend3and relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Ada Childers and Mrs.Margaret Maderia, of Midway, arevisiting Mrs. Offutt, near Paris.it is now an assured fact that.there will beno trouble in regardto financing the tobacco pool nowbeing formed on the co-operativemarketing plan. The War FinanceCorporation and the Federal ReserveBanking system have agreed to furnish the money to advance to thegrowers on their warehouse receipts,provided seventy-five per cent, ofMiss Josie Alexander has return- Srwers sign the pooling agreemented to her home in Paris from a four- Derore -November 15. it 1S now upweeks visit to relatives in Fleming to. the growers and we believe theywill meet the reauirement. Letevery grower be ready to sign upwhen the agreement is presented tohinu0-THIEVES STEAL TIRESIt is getting to be dangerous tocounty.Mrs. Edward Quinn, of Fergusonstreet, was called to Livingston,by the serious illness of her sister,Mrs. Leslie Hayes.Hon. Uli J. Howard, of Covington, is spending the week-end withMrs. Belle Alexander, and Mr. andMrs. 0. L. Davis.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahan leave an anto anywhere now withoutand babe have returned from a visit a guard or an attendant of someto Mrs. McClanahan's parents, Mr. kind. If some one doesn't steal theand Mrs. W. H. Faris, in Flemings- macnine, they will do somethingU Dr. Martha Petree and Miss mean to " or abstract somethingMary Petree, have returned to their of value belonging to it.home in this city after spending I This was brought home very fore-several days with Mrs. Neville Fish- j ibly Wednesday morning to Mr. Wm.er, in Georgetown. McCann, who conducts a dairy atMiss Elizabeth Feeney, of Rich- the Highland farm on second street,mond sister of Mrs Frank B j Carr, wformerly of Paris, has accepted a po-, delivery truck near the housesition as instructor of music in the . dairy delivery true near tne nouseHigh School at Crab Orchard. over niSnt- It was all right whenJames Miller Dundon, of Paris, he left it. When he paid an earlyqualified as a Sigma Alpha Espilon call Wednesday morning he was"pledge" at a smoker given by the greatly surprised to find that thievesactive members and alumni of Ken-1 had stripped the wheels of tires,tucky University, in Lexington, Mon-1 leaying the machine heipiess. Mr.a WUh'the resumption of thJ McCann reported the happening toschools and colleges for the fall and the police, but there was no cluewinter term, social activities have for them to work on.simmered down considerably. Occa-1 ,sional dances have relieved tnemonotony.Cynthiana Democrat: "Col. C.H. Peterson, of Paris, is visiting inthis city and county unil Saturday.He and Mrs. Peterson will go to St.Cloud, Fla., about the middle of November for the winter."Local employes of the Cumberland Telephone Company, attended.4. 1 f :..n - Vrt Varta oarge nance lve" "Vo " 7nir Skillets, each 29c; Iron Cake Mouldtucky river, Saturday, by the Frank- q . S1 fln 'fcrt branch. Guests were presentThe FairSpecials For Friday and Saturday:Wagner high-grade polished IronDAMAGE SUITS ULED AGAINSTPARIS CITIZENClarence Wright, of Paris, wasmade defendant in two damage suitsfor $10,000 each, filed in FayetteCircuit Court, in Lexington, Wednesday, by Floyd W. "Rasty" Wrightand Mrs. E. S. LeBus (Mrs. FrazierLeBus), of Lexington, both of whomwere injured in an automobile accident on the Paris pike Sept. 3, whena machine in which they were passengers, was in collision with Clarence Wright's car.The petition for damages state thatthe accident was the result of carelessness and reckless driving on thepart of the defendant. Wallace Muiris attorney for the plaintiff in bothsuits.Sets, $1.00; Iron Muffin Pans, New-Style, 39c; Iron Corn Bread Pans,69c; Sheet Iron Bread Pans, 10c.If you are more interested in popular prices now than ever before,you will not be disappointed hereFriday and Saturday.Table Oil Cloth, special 29c yard;Nickel-Plated Scissors, excellentquality, big assortment, all prices:Glass Towel Racks, 15c; genuineStove Pipe, Enamel, will not burnoc, 20c Can; Fire Shovels, each 7c;Real Turkey Feather Dusters, allElizabeth Deaver prices; uue quality reai lNipyunBusiness uma vjups aim ouuuers, luruienyQnTinni nt "Lexington, as student. ?o.uu . 001,, " pj..v, wm.-j. viHer sister Mis! Nancy Dudley celain Cups and Saucers, beautifuliSd Cromeflin and his sister, ' Ported Semi-Porcelain Ware, highMiss Anita Cromerlin. of Xalapa grade goods, Haviland China patFarm and their cousin, Miss Crom- terns, real coin gold edges anaerlin ot Hallond, and Miss Elizabeth handles; big bargains in Brooms,ernn, 01 ruiiiuuu , motor regular 69c Brooms, now 39c; Tin?l-eelf' Zthcl I Milk or Water Pails, Double CrossP Chile?Kenney son of Dr. and Tin, extra heavy, wired tops, first--rrr.v, TTnnTlOV nf PnriR. naS re- waDi ""ij v, Jiv, j-w J. xw.,Will. a.i.vJ-j , v.. -- - 7from all the surrounding towns..Mrs. J. S. Terry, of Paris, wascalled to Carlisle, Tuesday, by a'message telling of the serious illnessof her mother, Mrs. Mary McRohan.Mrs. McRohan was reported yester-day as being somewhat improved IMiss Edna Biggers, of Washington, D. C, who has been a guest offriends in this city for some time,has gone to Lexington to be guestfor several days of Mr. and Mrs. Bur-dette Walton, at Transylvania Inn.Miss Maryhas entered the FugazziSTREET WORK PROGRESSINGWork on the reconstruction ofHigh and interesting streets, underthe Henry Bickel Co., of Louisville,is progressing very satisfactorilywhere it has not been interruptedby rain. The concreting of the sidestreets and laying of brick guttersand drains has been completed andthe asphalt is being applied onTwelfth street.The work of relaying the trackson the Interurban Company's linc-son High street has been completedas far as Fourth street, but thears will not resume service untilthe reconstruction work has beencompleted. It is understood this isexpected to be completed about themiddle of November.oABATE THAT HIDEOUS NOISEThe speeders are not the onlyoffenders against the peace and quietof the community, and indignant citizens who have been subjected tothe nervous strain of hearing thoseoutrageous noises made by trucksare beginning to wonder if there isany hope of relief.The greatest offenders againstthe cut-out-open-muffler in Parisare the truck drivers. It has beensaid there is no way to obviate this.The law should find a way. Attimes the noise made by these truckson Main street has been so greatthat merchants have had to closetheir doors in order to carry on telephone conversation. In readingproof for several important jobs requiring verification by copy THENEWS has experiencer the sametrouble, having to close the doorsti-ht to shut out the incessant3ioiee made by passing trucks. ThedriTri eera to take especial delight5m making umiecaaiary aoiate. Theric tkiii for tk jwlioe to take2WTTll riSt m far m itlHOLLADATS CAJTOY PAT SPECIMrsturned to the University or iventucky, at Lexington, to finish hiscourse of study. Miss Frances Kenney matriculated at the same placeyesterday for her first year.Miss Marguerite Clark, of LittleRock, was one of the speakers at ameeting of Hamilton College students held in the College ChapelTuesday. The meeting was calledfor the purpose of making a campaign for a 100 per cent, enrollmentat Hamilton College.Mr. and Mrs. James Arkle hadas dinner guests recently Dr. andMrs. Pinnell, of Lexington; Mr. andMrs. Carlie Pinnell, of HutchisonMr. and Mrs. Floyd Ledford, Mrs.Alice Pinnell, Mr. Spencer Pinnell,of Winchester, and Mr. and Mrs. A.L. Glore, of Louisville.An old-fashioned picnic dinnerstaged a pleasing feature of an outing held last Sunday at the old CaneRidge church, near Paris, by Mr.and Mrs. Harry Baldwin, Mr. andMrs. Grover Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs.Boone Baldwin and their families, Miss Mattie Baldwin, and Mr.Shelby Gillispie.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Judson, whowere recently married in Chicago,and Miss Isabel Clay, of Lexington,were guests yesterday at luncheonof Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, attheir country home, near Paris. Mrs.Judson, the lovely young bride, wasformerly Miss Sylvia ShaLw, of cnicago. Mrt Judson is a cousin ofMrs. Roseberry. They will be gueststo-day of Judge and Mrs. RogersClay, in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Roseberryand Mr. Cassius M. Clay, of Pario,were guests Wednesday evening ata buffet supper tendered by- Mrs.Sidney Clay and Miss Isabel Clay, inLexington, in honor. of their guests,Mr. and Mrs. ClaV Judson, Of ClU-cago, newly-weds, who are on theirwedding journey. The nome wat,beautifully decorated for the occasion with September uowers and thetable with pink roses and begonia?.(Other Personals on Page 3)15c; Boys' Pocket Knives, 10c; BirdSeed, 1-lb. box, 19c; Dippers, BlackEnamelled handle, 12c.THE FAnt.The FairWhen freedomof motionis the thingour negligeeshirts are perfect.They cost .very little.We are pricingsome of ourbest Madrasshirts aslow as $2.Some havecollarsattached .others havestiff collarsto match. 'CANDY DAYOCTOBEE, 8TH VttLL BE "CANDYDAY," THE SWEETEST DAY OFTSE YXAR' SKSD OB Of XE3S..w1 (Sitof irairawm a diir-yiTHE LAST ROSEF SUMMERGan apply to your old summer suit and other apparelthat you are about ready to discard, even though youdo so reluctantly.If it comesfrom Docvisit isridfit:- rf-URN your thoughts to new clothes and where youJ can get the best values for your money. If you dothis, you'll turn your thoughts and footsteps to ourstore. In all our years we have never given better valuesthan now, realizing that it is more profitable to you andequally gratifying to us to sell merchandise at a smallprofit per suit and sell two or three times as many. BELIEVE US, WE ARE DOING THIS!See our great display of Men's Suits and Ovecoatsthat we are selling for$12.00, $15.00, $16.95$19.50 and $25.00If you need one or both, you'll buy here. YourShoes, Hats, Shirts, and other furnishings, are here atVISIBLE savings.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street-- - 'iiif ,V.COLUMBIA NO. E. 2S85Unquestionably this is the best machine in the worldto-day for the money. Complete in all respects. Straighttone arm, non-set automatic stop and all the principlefeatures of the higher priced machines.They will be HigherGet Yours To-dayHear the New Columbia RecordsTHE J. T. HINT0N CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY. SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid . Coach Undertaking'fl $' --fctiitS3 -'iM38iM.-:USC5iaiaiit, rn'iFAGKSfTHE fiOimioN NEWsVPARIS,JUTNTUCKfTOIDXY, &ETroCM(R 2$, uate ' At a-X.? 9Sob shoots up theatre andseizes "fatty" itlmsA mob of about 150 men and"boys, many of them cowboys, enteredthe Maverick Theatre, at Thermopulis, Wyoming, where a "Fatty" Arbuckle film was being shown, shot upthe screen and seized the film, takingit into the streets and burining partof it.F. Z. Buzzetti, manager of the thdatre, said that representatives of thepurity league had visited him earlierin the day and asked him not to runthe picture.No damage -was done to the theatre other than shooting up the screen,Mr. Buzzetti said, and no attemptwas made to injure him.oIn 1900 it cost $20 to speed anautomobile faster than eight milesan hour in Princeton, N. J.BOURBON HORES WIN AT STATEFAIR.The next timeyou buy calomelask forNine of the finest three-gaited saddle horses in the world looked onwhile the judges, after a long parleypinned the winning ribbon on In De-rmand, owned by A. G-. Jones & Son,of North Middletown, at the StateFair pavilion Friday. The value fthe championship was $1,000.Fair Acre Tumbel Sale, owned by3air Acre Farm, was second; Bohemian Actress, owned by John P. Crozier, Uplan, Pa., was third, and Dardanella, the property of R. P. liaison,Colorado Springs, was fourth.Most of the entries were newhorses.Henry M. Jones, of Lexington, wonthe fine harness class for 2 -year-oldmares and geldings and Mary Franc53Gay, a beautiful chestnut, shown byWjill Roberts; A. G. Jones was second.UNIQUE CONVEYANCEFord Touring Car, Roadster and ChevroletdlThe purified and refinedcalomel HIets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.One of the most unique conveyances seen in Paris for some time wasa parlor car motor bus, occupied byMr. and Mrs. L. E. Austin and fivechildren, of Sheridan, 111., who werehere a short time Saturday. The partywas en route to the East Coast ofFlorida, where they will spend thewinter season.Their vehicle was compactlybuilt home, thoroughly screened,equipped with canvas curtains to beused in case of rain or storm, andwas supplied with all necessary accessories for comfort during the longtrip to the South. The motor contained a complete camping outfit a3well as means for providing comfortand food for the travelers. The outfit attracted a great deal of attention during its stay here.oExcels Greece.'A young Greek, whose home is in'Athens, was a visitor to the capitol,and after making the rounds of thedifferent apartments and viewing thebeauties of the nave he said he hadseen all the finest buildings in his native country, but none of them couldcompare with Kentucky's capitol forbeauty and elegance of construction.Frankfort State Journal.The insert shows how it appears to the driver withgauge indicator at the one-half mark. A glanceshows how much gas is in your tank."Keep Your Seat"Mr. Ford OwnerWhile your Gas Tank is Filled.Install on your car aSTANLEYGASOLINE FILLER and GAUGE$5.00Why measure with a stick?Why run out of Gas on the road?This reliable, visible gauge eliminatesboth.Readily installed by any mechanic.KY. - STANLEY GAUGE CO.833 S. 15th StreetLOUISVILLE, KY.Service Statioi, 742 S. First St.Ford Sedan5sto 5?5 $5$? ' IMail orders jjiven prompt attention.Territory open for live agents in Kentucky counties.BOURBON COUNTY THIRD INLAND VALUESTURNER & CLAYTONHIGH GRADE STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES334 Main Street Cumb. Phone 423Fayette county land is assessedthe highest of any lands in the Stateof Kentucky, according to figuresgiven out for publicatio)i by theState Tax Commission. The valuation of lands in Fayette county is?1 57.51 an acre, while Jeffersoncounty, in which Louisville is located, is second, with an assessment of?132.09 an acre. Both figures arethe average figured from the assessment. Central Kentucky, the figuresshow, easily has the largest assessment on its lands of any section ofthe State. Bourbon county is thirdon the assessment list with an average of 123.42 an acre and Woodford county is fourth, with an average of $111.59 at acre. Valuationin other Central Kentucky lands are,Clark county, $97.41; Boyle, $75.32;Scott, $75.98; Jessamine, $93.89.Kenton and Capbell counties, located in the Northern part of theState, rank well on the assessmentlist. Kenton is assessed at $63.22and Campbell at $62.13. Masonand Madison 0 counties have assessments of $79.61 and $60.10 respectfully.INCOMESURTAX TOPEALEDBE HERepeal of the income surtax rateof one per 'cent, on net incomes ofmore than $5,000 and less than $6,000 has been agreed upon by the Senate finance committee. Reductionsalso were made in a number of otherbrackets up to the maximum of 32per cent, previously agreed upon.The committee adopted the Houseplan of taxing life insurance companies except tliat the corporation income tax to be paid would be at therate of fifteen per cent, instead of12 per cent. This tax would bemade retroactive to last January 1,but the present taxes on premiumswould not be repealed until next Jan.1. Fire, marine and all insurancecompanies would be 15 per cent, instead of 10 per cent.Under another change made in theHouse bill taxpayers other than corporations realizing gains through thesale of capital assets would pay at therate of 16 per cent.-Mill MM M ! Ml i . 1-M.-H.-M. H M44M MllltMKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount.see our stock.T. W. SPICERCall andTo avoid possible disappointment, don't merelysay "corn flakes' but-Post Toastiesbest cornflakesYour grocer will know you're rather particularabout quality even though "Post Toasties"cost no more than ordinary corn flakes.THE studious caregiven by us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us......... ui.. hi minjiiimm uulj:ijttti1I1JlIK1Jflpa".',-- s..BUSINESS IS IMPROVINGBusiness is improving. The timesare going to be better . It is in theair. Traveling men ten us mat uietimes are improving, and the peoplebelieve it. And when people believetimes are going to be better, why,times are going to be better. Nodoubt about it.Business will improve from now onbut let us hope that it will not getback to the point where it was twoyears ago, when everyhting was running at full speed, when people hadmore money than they knew what todo with and lost their heads as a result.There was too much money then,and it was too easy to get hold of.The over-prosperity then was worsefor people than the business depression since. We want no more such ,times. They were bad for the peopleand for the country.Better business than what we nowhave is to be desire'd, of course, andwe are going to have it; but let uspray to be spared from too much of agood thing.oCYNTHIANA WOMAN WAS McKLNLEY'S TEACHERMrs. Belle G. Ammerman, of Cynthiana, has the distinction of having numbered among her pupils aformer President of the UnitedStates.Sixty-three years ago, when shewas Miss Belle Gulick, she was onthe faculty of Poland College at Poland, Ohio. There she taught Wm.McKinley, then a boy about fourteen years old, arithmetic, algebraand geography. Miss Anna McKinley, older sister of William, whsa member of the same faculty. Mr..Ammerman says that the futurePresident was a bright student, andthe organizer of a debating societyin the school.Miss Anna McKinley and Miss Gulick came together to Kentucky justbefore the Civil War as governessesin Harrison county families. MissMcKinley returned toj Ohio. MissGulick taught a year or two longerand then became the wife of PhilipAmmerman, Harrison county, whodied several years ago.Among Mrs. Ammerman's mostcherished possessions is a letterfrom Mr. McKinley in answer to oneof congratulation she wrote himwhen he was elected Governor ofOhio in 1891.Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm.Tetter or other itching skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.iMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEt a i i fc.iiMfc.ibAjr.j.iT. t. 1 1 1 t.u,t,i " r r m 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 n n u i iTVARDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.EXCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L & N.--$2.35Sunday, Sept. 25, 1921Wag-RepairingWe are now in a position to handle- - all classes of Oxy-Acetylene weldingand cutting, as wellchine repair work.as general ma-Special train will leave Paris at8:10 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time) . For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.Prompt ServiceWe solicit your inquiries when inthe market for Gas or KeroseneEngine Power.CAHAL BROS.ANGAS ENGINE 8 MFG.(Incorporated)WINCHESTER, KENTUCKY(augl6-tf)BARBER SHOPIXi4 WHITE BARBERS 4:Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSUi I II ii I1H !i S. P. MOHNEY !ChiropractorMOnFlowers!For Funerals, Parties, Weddings and other occasionswhere flowers are used.Say it 'with flowers it isthe most expressive way.BOTH PHONES 'KXBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetxffT5(Jfjos'ISKXIUlj. If M JW V'j. - Ai - rgTrsjWpjga'yaajC jfumsmm &npHE8R8! V ) vmTSHBillfeg r pr rwmftrengM .f!'i cva i(a cKs? SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!&y.v nSSS&wmSAKm&f;?ff'rsirvr-r itmWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliances-erST"' eAperc neipers we areS-1 P.rePaiedto do work infe-"r-s - 3- "vu uu. ouiiun.Bt y your patronaere.&I The Bourbon Laundry-Paris, Kentucky!KiV:Don't Overlook FELD'S Shoe StoreWhen ready for your fall and winter footwearWE CAN PLEASE YOU IN QUALITY AND PRICEIIf FIFTH YEAR IN PARISJ0 VARDENXa.-$iAdvertisers Get Resk$- r vVvBourbon NewFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1921'BMt BOURBON WEWS, PAIOS. v KBNTOCKtFACTaitil3Says Her Recovery IsAlmost Like a MiracleTrom Helpless Invalid to CompleteRestoration of Health, Strengthand Happiness Is Wonderful' Change Mrs. Root Experienced inThree Weeks Statement One ofMost Remarkable On Record."Just a week before I started taking Tanlac I was down in bed so crippled up with rheumatism I could notmove without help. My son hadtaken Tanlac, and it had done hima world of good, so one day hebrought home a bottle and said,'Mother, I want you to take this.'When I had finished that bottle, Ifelt like a different woman, and bythe time I had finished my secondbottle, I was out in the garden hoeing. "Tanlac has simply done wondersfor me; it almost seems like a miracle." This is the remarkable statement made recently by Mrs. JennieRoot, residing at 1,400 Powers St.,Portland, Oregon, and is only one ofteas of thousands from well-knownmen end women who are daily testifying to the powers of Tanlac.Continuing her wonderful statement, Mrs, Root said, "For years Isuffered terribly with rheumatism,and would often be down in bed fordays at a time. In the last five yearsAere was not a Aime that I didn'tfeel those rheumatic pains allthrough my body. About two monthsago I got very much worse and myarms and legs were so bad I was almost helpless and couldn't even holda pen to sign my name. I was soweek I could not do any housework.I couldn't even sleep, and had norest day or night. Even to walk a-few steps would tire me out completely. VTnen I tried to walk Iwould stagger, and when I did walka little way and sat down I couldnot get up without some one helpingme. I had no appetite and hardlyate enough to keep me alive. Icould not stoop over far enough toget my shoes on."I never knew what a night'ssleep was, and would lie awake fornours. At times I would get verycold and would have to get up andsit by the fire all huddled up, andmy daughters would put hot water' ATTRACTIVE OLD HOME IN' BOURBONMrs. A. B. Oldham and .her sister,Mrs. Ollie Brayfield, of Carlisle, with'their families are spending two weeksat their summer home, "Beep Bot'tom," in Bourbon county.Mr. David Patton and wife gavethis home to their children, Mrs. -JoeDalzell, of Cynthiana; Mrs. A. B. Oldham, of Mt. Sterling; Mrs. Ollie Brayfield, of Carlisle: Mrs. Clav Shrnn-fshire, of Lexington; Messrs. James,Jack and Turney Patton, of Cynthiana. At "Deep Bottom" there is an oldfetone house with large airy roomsand wide porches. This house wasbuilt in the days of our first governor and has much interesting historyconnected with it. Situated just atthe horseshoe bend of Licking River,near Shawhan Station, it is a notedfishing spot. Besides the river thereis a large artificial lake to attractJovers of the sport.Mr. and Mrs. Patton's children at'emuch enthused over the gift. Mr.James Patton, has many plans inview for making this one of the mostattractive summer homes in CentralKentucky.EXCITEMENT IN MASONOIL PROSPECTSOYERbottles all around me. I was treatedby four doctors, and took all kindsof medicine. Nothing ever did neany good. I am just like a differentperson now. All those terribleaches and pains have left me, andonly the other day I was able towalk up four flights of stairs in 4,noffice building when the elevatorwas out of order."My appetite is just splendidnow, and just to-day for the firsttime in years, X felt so hungry thatI had to go and eat a piece of piebetween meals. In fact, I can't remember the time that I have felt aswell as I do now. I have not onlyregained my health and strength,but I have gained fourteen poundsin weight. To tell you the truth,I wouldn't exchange the benefit Ihave received from Tanlac for thebest ranch in Oregon, and I willpraise it as long as I live."Tanlac and Tanlac Vegetable Pillsare sold by all leading druggists.(advjOTEEET & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEMARKET REVIEWReceipts of eggs have been lighterduring the week, with some advancein prices for really fine stock.Less cream has been received atcreameries, resulting in a firmer feeling and higher prices. Good demandcontinues for current consumption.An advance in the market on fowland chickens has been reflected inproducing sections, but it is regardedjas of a temporary character andheavier marketing is expected.The large number of Leghorn(chickens reaching market was particularly noticeable, and buyers are disbriminating in favor of the largerbreeds, resulting in lower prices bsing paid for Leghorns and smaller varieties of chickens.oThe man who votes wrong is sometimes a better citizen than the manwho does not vote at all.1 tnt ;. ii 1IMPORTANT STAKESOf the Annual Fall Meeting at1LATONIA(Convenient to Cincinnati)Sept. 3rd to Oct. 8thT Catania Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, oneimle and a. sixteenth, Saturday, September 3.Autumn Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, six furlongs, Monday, September 5..Covington Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-yearpidsand upward, -one mile and thxee-sixteentlfs, SafurBay;September 10.Fort Thomas Handicap, $5,000 added, 2-year-olds, sixfurionVs, Saturday, September 17. ,K3afefi "Chamnlontrip Stakes, $15,000 added, for 3-year-olds,one mile and three-quarters, Saturday, September 17. wm a&-v.e uitTwin City Handicap, $5,000 affied, "for 3ear-oldsand upward, one mile and five furlongs, Saturday, September 24.Queen City Handicap, $10,000 added, for 2-year-olds,one mile, Saturday, October 1.Latonia Cup, $7,500 added, for 3-year-olds and upward, two miles and a quarter, Saturday, October 8.These rich fixtures and a correspondingly liberal policy throughout mark a season of racing, planned in theinterests of horsemen and public alike. The Fall Meeting at Latonia has attracted the best horses in training.Any nays program win De worm travdong miles toKENTUCKY JOCKEY CLUBLATONIA, KY COURSEExcitement is at fever pitch at Maple Grove, Mason county, accordingto the Maysville Ledger. Operatorare drilling night and day and thecompany has hopes of striking oil inpaying quantities at any minute, asthe prospects of oil is growing brighter all the time. Hundreds of spectators visit the place daily, anxiouslywating developments.The same feeling prevails herethough somewhat subdued. Operations are being conducted on the Stephenson farm, near Clintonville byexpert oil drillers, but so far onlymeager details of prospects have beengiven out to the public. At last report the drill had struck gas pockets in the oil-bearing sands at a depthof about seven hundred feet. Theleases are owned by a company of LosAngeles, Cali., capitalists. The workis under the supervision of Ike S.Cooper, formerly of Clintonville, whohas been in California and the Westfor the past fifteen years.ASPIRINName "Bayer" on Genuine,Warning! Unless you see the name,"Bayer" on package or on tabletsyou are not getting genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians for twentyone years and proved safe by millions. Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)oBETTER LOOK OUTThere is an amendment to theState constitution to be voted on atthe November election which has apowerful propaganda at work for it.It purports to be for the purpose oftaking the office of the State Superintendent' of Schools "out of politics,"whatever that may mean, and yet wefind professional politicians earnestly engaged in promoting this propaganda. So far as we are able to seewhat this thing means, we are opposed to it. It looks to us to be about ona par with the road system we havein force in Kentucky, by which theytake the money paid for automobilelicense in Bourbon and other countieswhere they have many cars, and buildroads for the mountain countieswhere they have but few cars. Somebody is trying to put a job over on the.people of this State and the people hadbetter look out and find the "niggerin the woodpile" before they vote forthis amendment.DROVE HIS AUTO ACE0SS OHIORIVERWallace Thomas, of Adams county,Ohio, is the first person to cross theOhio River at Maysville, in an automobile without the engine stopping.' He was in a hurry to get to theKentucky side of the river and whenhe arrived at the landing there wasno boat in sight. He drove his carinto the water and crossed to this sidewithout any inconvenience. Theriver is very low at the point wherehe drove across. Thomas drove ontothe island at Manchester and this wasthe first automobile to roll over themound in the river.UAak Daughter.What has t become of the old-fashionedwoman who, was afraid it feerdaughter to br exposed' to the nightair? Dallas News. " rMRS. HAYDOCKSAVED FROMAN OPERATIONFollowed Advice of HerDruggist's Wife and TookLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundChicago, HI. "I was in bed with afemale trouble and inflammation andhad four doctors butnone of them did meany good. They allsaid I would have tohave an operation.A druggist's wifetold me to take Lydiatable Compound andI took 22 bottles,never missing a doseand at the end of thattime I was perfectlywell. I have neverhad occasion to take it again as I havebeen so well. I have a six room flatand do all my work. My two sistersare taking the Compound upon my recommendation and you may publish myletter. It is the gospel truth and I milwrite to any one who wants a personalletter." Mrs. E. H. Haydock, 6824St. Lawrence Avenue, Chicago Illinois.Because Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound saved Mrs. Haydockfrom an operation we cannot claim thatall operations may be avoided by it,but many women have escaped operations by the timely use of this old fashioned root and herb medicine.4 m mi i ii i tii 1 1 ii ii ii i m i ii 1 1 in im 1 1nS&oF' v9v8BBBSBE5oo9BSmMiSSmiaMMAM IGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESI Day Night tJ 137 SiSMli'MII'ltIllll'ltllllIUIIlllllHIIUMHMLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGk)7cCOld Formula Best.There may be some new-fangledmethod of achieving success that looksgood for a time, but we don't believethat any man has ever Improved onthe old formula of hard work and honesty. Searcy (Ark.) Citizen.JnWadddl'sPile RemedyDon't Snffer Don't be OperatedPa until you fere tried" Dr. WaddelTs3e Remedy. Absolutely kaxadasa. Gatnteed to gfra absolute- satisfaction ornoney refunded. $1.50 per botl at yourAruggut If not write us.IMedicineCo.SmfflisGroVaKv.1:IT.H UN IXE.R S'A'LC ARNEW PRICES(F. O. B. DETROIT)Chassis - ."..$295 IRunaboutTouring CarTruck Chassis $445 fCoupe $595 5Sedan ...., $660These are the lowest prices of Ford cars in thehistory of the Ford Motor Company.Orders are coming in fast, so place yours promptlyto secure early delivery.!RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANY- . . M(HourQfiecfcs.&v'X.l '""',;" r-v r 0f 'BBBSBslfc. tJkC S? r-stf-"" BVBjJjK ' 5ii .-. 1 S3u M I I-r -4.- ''w.-. ni &a .n u.BaaQBJk 7 '11 LSafcguardedftoo uTNour Bank we use every fcnownmethod for protection ofj our depositors. WehaveadopteatlieiotectuCJheckbyB'tern for the benefit of our depositors so that the amountof their checks may be 'safeguarded against being "raised" .fhould they be lost, stolen, or fall into dishonest hands.With the Erotectu Check System, you can write yourcheck for a given amount and by a cutter attached to thecovet, you can then tear off the check at the desiredamount like a money order. No check raiser can thenpose your check for five to five hundred of ten to onehundred dollars.These new Protectu Checks are supplied to all ourdepositors with checking accounts votihovi costv If you are considering opening a checking account, callat our bank and see this impmed Mrcke t&at wt ait ffurnishing our patrons. -;;-8FECIAL SIZE CHECK BOOKS FOR BUHN&98 VMWSSfPRACTICAL FOR POCKET, DESK HSf PAT ROLL tJOfWE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSQJhdnfiterytfiing(Possi&eto ProtectourJ31 - f. t ''Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.-&6N.ftrbV4 .H',savI1 Anyhow, they are breaking the newsof disarmament to us gradually. ,Vy15.$K -.., 'V Jii .,',;c1.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE BIGHTFHIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, ltaiammm m - -- fmmMmmMmrm&fmmqmmmmmuMmmmwM""""-" ' - - - ... . ifcji n 1 m raMiMii k mm-- .MILLERSBURGDr. C. B. Smith left Tuesday for- "Rochester, Minn. ' iMrs. Rhoda Conway has .returned from a visit with friends in"Paris.--Miss Margaret Baxter, of Harrodsburg, is visiting Dr. C. C. Fisherand family.Mrs. Julian Allen has returnedCfrom a visit with her mother, Mis.HBriggs, n Frankfort j- Mr. O. B. Hurst is attending theNational Convention of Insurancemen in St. Louis, Mo.- Mrs. Jane Neal has returnedIrom a visit with her son, ClaudeJtfeal. and family, in Newport. it Mrs. J. W. McCoy left Wednes-day for her home in Kansas City,after a visit with relatives here.Ralph Becraft. accompanied by, liis mother, left Tuesday for Win-terhaven, Fla., to spend the winter.There will be a game of basejball" at M. M. I., this afternoon at2:30 between M. M. I. and BlueIiicks teams. ,Mrs. H. B. Hutchings has resumed to her home in Lexington,-after a visit with her sister, Miss- "Mary Taylor. IMr. Harry Roche left Tuesdavtor Charleston, S. C, where he willhe a iv mber of the faculty in PorterMilitary Academy. jMrs. Stanley Layson and chil-j'dren have returned to their home in JLake Forest, 111., after a protractedvisit with r- r mother and sister, jMr T aura L iyson, and Mrs. D. C. Ilarke. j" s vT? received recently ofthe death of Mrs. M. A. Bridwellat her liome in Denver, Colorado."Mrs. Bridwell formerly lived in Millerbur nd will be remembered oyquite a few friend- here.Mesdames'Earl Plummer andTas. Ellington, and Misses Marietta-Adams and Elizabeth Fisher attended, the Epworth League Conferencein Paris the past week. The nextmeeting will be held at Millersburg.News was received by Mrs. Jennie Letton of the death of her son-in-law,Mr. Ed. Wilson, at the Hos--pital,Cincinnati, where he underwent an operation for goitre. Mrs."Wilson is very ill at same hospitaland was not able to attend the burrial, which took place in Paris yesterday. Mr. Wilson is survived byhis wife and two sons, Owen and"Ward Wilson.Mr. and Mrs. TV. A. Butler tooktheir son, William Butler, to Louis-ville, Tuesday morning, for treatment. The child was bitten by aKiog last Friday morning. The headof the dog was sent to Louisville-for examination and sings of rabieswere found. A message was received' from Mr. Butler saying no seriousresults were expected from thewound.The Millersburg Military Institute opened Tuesday morning withiChe largest enrollment for the firstday in the history of the school.' The formal opening will be held this(Fridav) morning. The bag raising-ceremony will be held at" 2:30 p. m.ffind a game of baseball between tho'M. M. I and the Blue Licks teamwill be played' as part of the .pro--,gram. jLast Saturday afternoon the new .M. M. I. buildings and grounds werethrown open to visitors, and much totheir surprise quite a nice donationwas made. The following is a partial list of the many useful gifts:Mr. and Mrs. O. R. Rankin; checkfor $100, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Leer;large M. M. I. flag, Mrs. C. M. Best;ton of coal, Mr. D. E. Clarke; Mr. J.B. Vimont and sister, towels andpillows; rug, Mrs. Webb Reynolds;check for $10, John Leer; barrel offlour, Jones Bros.; mahogany leatherchair, Dennis Dundon and CharlesMerrimee, Paris; large leather chair.Drs. Givens and Wells, of Cynthiana; sleeping pillows and cases,Mrs. G. W. Judy; cut glass vase, A.Goldberg, of Cynthiana; mahoganyserving tray, Misses Mary Taylor,Leona Letton, Florence Vimont andRoy Endicott; cut glass basket, Mrs.W. D. Mclntyre; cut glass vase, Mrs.W. W. Morton; comfort, Mr. andMrs. Letton Vimont; oil paintings,Mrs. Allie Miller; pictures and meatplatter, Mrs. C. B. Smith; largepyrex bowl, Mrs. E. M. Thomason;'pictures, Miss Nannie Clarke; oilpainting, Mrs. J. A. Miller; bowl andpitcher, Mrs. Lizzie Miller; ornaments. Miss Eugenia Wadell; largegranite pan, Mrs. 'Tom Prather.i1 i 1 'AEPiWU$0-$'033' 0DEATHS.OVERLEYJames W. Overley, prominentresident of Flemingsburg, died athis home in that city last Fridayafter a long illness due to a complication of diseases. Mr. Overleywas a son of the late Jonathan Overley, of Fleming county, and was inhis sixty-eighth year. He was thefather of Mrs. Earl S. Barton, ofMillersburg, and was well-known inParis and Bourbon county. Thefuneral and interment took placeSunday afternoon at the EiizavilleCemetery.BUTLER.The funeral of Mrs. MinniqButler, who died about noonTuesday, at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, washeld at 2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon, from the home of Mr. andMrs. Theodore Butler, in EastParis. The interment took place onthe family lot in the Paris Cemeterywhere services were conducted at thegrave.Mrs. Butler was the wife of DavidButler, of Fayette county, formerlyof this county. Besides her husband,she is survived by her father, PerryRice, of Fayette county, with whomthey resided, and one daughter, Bonnie L. Butler.'WILSON .Following an illness resultingfrom an operation for goitre, performed recently Edward Wilson, agedforty-two, a former resident ofBourbon county, died Monday nighta !AND!2:00 to 5:30(VfVJ 'm T&PERAHOUSE I , I7:00 to 10:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYALICE CALHOUNIN"Princess Jones"A photoplay of charm, simplicity andheart interest in which the characterslive real lives and become real friends.Beautiful scenic backgrounds and gorgeous costumes. The dresses make theproduction a Veritable fashion show.Also JUAN1TA HANSEN in"THE YELLOW ARM"And Snub Pollard Comedy"At the Ring Side"Tomorrow, SaturdayConstance BinneyIN'Such a Little Queen'Constance Binney, sweet and wholesome, in a charming romance, the scenesof which are laid partly in an old worldcourt, amid the pomp and ceremony of aroyal regime, and partly in America, whereevery girl is a potential queen and anyman may act like a prince if he will.You and your family have a royaltreat in store for you when you see Constance Binney in "Such a Little Queen."ALSOHANKiCOMEDY"The Cliff Dwellers"Monday, Sept. 19thMARION D AVIESIN"Buried Treasure"A story of Wall Street "buccaneers"and pirates of the Spanish Main.Of love and intrigue m New York society; and love and battle under the blackflag.An adventure tale of two ages," people by the same souls. 'A Cosmopolitan Production.ALSOA Century Comedy"WOOD SIMPS"and Pathe ReviewADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cin the General Hospital, in Cincin-fnati.Mr. Wilson was a son of B. P. anaMary C. Wilson, who preceded himto the grave several years ago. Mostof his life was spent on the farmnear Little Rock, this county. Mr.Wilson and family moved severalyears ago to Cincinnati. Formany years he was assistantfreight agent in the office ofone of the big railroad companiesentering Cincinnati, and was wellknown in railroad circles.Mr. Wilson is survived by hiswidow, formerly Miss Bettie Letton,of near Millersburg, and two sons,Ward and Owen Wilson, residing inCincinnati. Mrs. Wilson is also apatient at the same hospital, and wasunable to attend the funeral andburial.The body was brought to Parisyesterday morning, the funeral cortege going directly from the L. &N. Tenth street passenger station tothe old Letton family buryingground, near Little Rock, where thefuneral and burial took place, withservices conducted at the grave, at11:30 o'clock.The pall-bearers were: EmmettHopkins, Carl Evans, Reuben Letton,Russell Crouch, Richard Hopkins an$R. P.. Hopkins.o fv3THE SILENT SERVANT WITH A H UND HEP HANDS.MATRIMONIAL.4D. A. E. PICNICS AT THE BOONESBORO BEACHTuesday, September 20, is a daythat will be long remembered bythose whose good fortune it was toattend the picnic given at Boonenboro by the Boonesboro Chapter, D.A. R., to the chapters from Paris,Lexington, Frankfort and Winchester. About one hundred representatives of Kentucky's oldest familiesassembled to honor their revolutionary ancestors.Mrs. Caperton, of Richmond, wasin charge and very charmingly introduced the chapters with a shortaddress. Responses was made byMrs. Cassius M. Clay, regent of theParis Chapter, and a description ofMartin's Fort, near Paris, was readby Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, of Jemima Johnson Chapter, of Paris. Mr.Lucien Beckner, of Winchester,spoke of the history of Boonesboroand Clark county.A most elaborate feast was spread,followed by excursions to nearbypoints of interest. Mrs. Baker, of theFrankfort Chapter, extended a pressing invitation to all to attend theconference, and Mrs. T. W. L. Van-Meter, of the Hart Chapter, Winchester, graciously thanked the hostess for the delightful day.Jemima Johnson. Chapter, of Paris,jwas represented by the following:Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, regent; Mrs.Wade H. Whitley, Mrs. Frederick A.Wallis, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, Mrs.Merriett Shobe, Mrs. Evelyn Buck,Miss Grace Hargis, Miss Laura Lilleston, Mrs. George W. Stuart, MissBessie Evans, Mrs. H. E. Foster, Mrs.Bettie Mcllvaine, Mr. Wm. H. McMillan.Headline in daily papers says:"Every Man Soon May Be Own Teljephone Operator." Great sale aheadjfor inventor of automatic self-kick-iing attachment for use when theline's busy or operator fails to ansjwer his own call. And again, thephone user would find the true inwardness of what is called "service."Norway has 155 permanent estab-j lished automobile routes operatingon scheduled time in various parts ofthe country.FOOTBALL SEASON OPENS WITHCARLISLEThe 1921 football season for theParis High School will open this(Friday) afternoon, when the localgridiron men will meet the CarlisleHigh School eleven in a game atJackson's Park, in Carlisle. Bothteams have been putting in strenuous practice work and will be infine trim for the game.The second appearance of the P.H. S. team will be on Friday, September 30, when they will play theGeorgetown team at Georgetown-.CLOSING OUT SALEIN ORDER TO GET MOVED TOOUR NEW PLACE OE BUSINESS(R. B. HUTCHCRAITS OLDSTAND) , WE HAVE REDUCED THEPRICE OE COAL AND SALT IDETEN DAYS.COLLIER BROS.,OFFICE OPP., PARIS TOBACCOWAREHOUSE, S. MAIN, ST.HOME PHONE 257,CUMB. PHONE 997.(20-3t)A marriage license was issuedSaturday from County Clerk PearcePaton's office to Mr. Robert Estesand Miss Ada Bryant, both of Lexington.WEBB SHUMATEA marriage license was grantedTuesday afternoon from the office ofthe County Clerk, at Nicholasvillo,to Elmer Shumate, of Paris, and MissElizabeth Webb, of Lexington. Theywere married snortiy arter oy aNicholasville minister. The groomis a son of Mr. and Mrs. FillmoreShumate, of Paris, and is engaged infarming near Lexington.You Will Enjoy SittingIn Front of This CabinetThe Hoosier provides a big uncluttered workspace extending beyond the sliding work-board intothe body of the cabinet itself.All kitchen needs are right at hand arrangedfor your greatest convenience.Two million Hoosier users are loud in theirpraise of Hoosier superiority. We ask you to comein and see for yourself how convenient the Hodsieris.You'll be under no obligations to buy, unless yousay "send it out."A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court House Paris, Kentucky1.mFITZPATRICK ROSEThe marriage of Miss TalithaFitzpatrick, of Winchester, and Mr.Clarence Rose, of Jacksonville, thiscounty, was solemnized Mondaynight at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor cfthe Paris Methodist church. Mr. andMrs. Rose will reside at the home ofthe groom, who is engaged in farming near Jacksonville.SCOGGAN BARNETTMr. and Mrs. Thomas Minary, of,Louisville, announce the engagement of their sister, Miss Lelia Scoggan, to Mr. J. Barnett, a prominem.young merchant of Louisville. MissScoggan is well-known, here, havingbeen a frequent visitor at the homeof her uncle, 'Squire John J. Redmon, and Mrs. Redmon, near NorthMiddletown. She is an unusuallyattractive and accomplished youngwoman, who has a host of admirershere. The date for the wedding hasnot been announced.o1111isro'w OTsrBIRTHS.vAt their home on the NorthMiddletown pike, to the wife of' Mr.Silas Mattox, a son, named JamesJames Melvin Mattox.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandare receiving congratulations ontheir second heir, a handsome boy,born at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Wednesday night.In Etowah, Tennessee, on Wednesday, to the wife of Ellis Hukill,of Paris, a daughter. Mr. and Mr3.Hukill are proudly acknowledgingcongratulations.At the Booth Memorial Hospital,in Covington, to the wife of OscarE. Locknane, formerly of ParTs, ason. Mrs. Locknane was formerlyMiss Mary Brown, of Paris. -o-Newest Fall School Shoes forat one-third saving in price.fcS-cL. i i rUboys, misses and childrenEvery parent should takeadvantage of our special wonderful big values this weekof good, sturdy School Shoes at these low prices.Misses' and Children's Special Big Values! Sturdy Lace TanBoots, all sizes 9 to 2, $3.00 values, on sale at$1.99flnnortunitv knocka but once. 'and! some men seem to think that ven tthen, it uses a muffled hammer.!-,Misse'sand Children's Real Good QualityPlump Tan Leather Boots, Footform andEnglish lasts, $4.00 values. On sale atS2.99Misses' and Children's $3. 50 Tan Lace Boots,a wonderful big value. All sizes up to 2.On sale at$2.49Growing Girls' $6,00 Special Tan Boots, rubber heels.Big misses' sizes, 2 to 7. On sale at$3.49feoys'.and Youths' Extra Good Tan SchoolShoes, $4.00 values. On sale at$2.99Little Gents' $3.00 School Shoes,, rjeal goodwear. On sale at$1.99Boys' and Men's Tan Elk Scout Shoes, great for wear.On sale at$1.99Final Sale Offerings of Ladles' High Grade Oxfords andSlippers for Fall wear at almost half price.DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignPari Greatest Shoe, StoreJDL ax tu .Jii", J -5vah-. ri ' w v2mm ?jkVs94m4U-vw '- a I . . - .-$i .' '&&